--- Page 1 ---
i 
BASE PROSPECTUS 
DNB Bank ASA 
 
(incorporated in Norway) 
€10,000,000,000 
 
Additional Tier 1 Capital Note Programme 
Under this €10,000,000,000 Additional Tier 1 Capital Note Programme (as supplemented and amended from time to time) (the 
"Programme"), DNB Bank ASA (the "Issuer" or the "Bank") may from time to time issue notes ("Notes") denominated in any 
currency agreed between the Issuer and the relevant Dealer (as defined below). Any Notes issued under the Programme on or 
after the date of this base prospectus (the "Base Prospectus") are issued subject to the provisions herein. 
The Notes are complex and high-risk financial instruments. Investing in the Notes involves significant risks. Please review 
carefully the sections entitled "Suitability of Investment" and "Risk Factors" in this Base Prospectus. 
As more fully described in this Base Prospectus, including as provided in "Terms and Conditions of the Notes" (the "Conditions" 
and references to a numbered "Condition" shall be construed accordingly), Notes issued under the Programme will constitute 
undated, unsecured and subordinated obligations (NO: Fondsobligasjoner) of the Issuer. 
Notes may be issued in bearer form ("Bearer Notes"), registered form ("Registered Notes") or uncertificated book-entry form 
cleared through the Norwegian Central Securities Depository, the Verdipapirsentralen ("VPS Notes" and the "VPS", 
respectively). 
The maximum aggregate Original Principal Amount (as defined in the Conditions) of all Notes from time to time outstanding 
under the Programme will not exceed €10,000,000,000 (or its equivalent in other currencies calculated as described herein). 
If at any time the CET1 Ratio (as defined in the Conditions) of the Issuer or the Group (as defined in the Conditions) 
falls below the Trigger Event Level (as defined in the Conditions), the Outstanding Principal Amount of a Series (as 
defined in the Conditions) of Notes will be Written Down by the relevant Write Down Amount, as further provided in 
Condition 6. The Outstanding Principal Amount of any Notes may, in the sole discretion of the Issuer and subject to 
certain conditions, be subsequently reinstated (in whole or in part) out of the profits generated by the Issuer or the Group, 
as further described in Condition 7.  
The principal amount of a Series of Notes may also, in certain circumstances, be written down or converted to common 
equity tier 1 ("CET1") items by the Norwegian resolution authorities pursuant to the Norwegian implementation of 
Directive 2014/59/EU as set forth in Chapter 20 of the Norwegian Financial Institutions Act, as further described herein. 
The Notes may be issued on a continuing basis to one or more of the Dealers specified under "Overview of the Programme – 
Dealers" below and any additional Dealer(s) appointed under the Programme from time to time, which appointment may be for 
a specific issue or on an ongoing basis (each a "Dealer" and together the "Dealers"). References in this Base Prospectus to the 
"relevant Dealer" shall, in the case of an issue of Notes being (or intended to be) subscribed by more than one Dealer, be to all 
Dealers agreeing to subscribe such Notes. 
This Base Prospectus has been approved by the Central Bank of Ireland (the "Central Bank") as competent authority under 
Regulation (EU) 2017/1129, as amended (the "Prospectus Regulation") as a base prospectus issued in compliance with the 
Prospectus Regulation for the purpose of giving information with regard to the Notes issued under the Programme. This Base 
Prospectus is valid within twelve months from the date of this Base Prospectus. The obligation to supplement this Base 
Prospectus in the event of significant new factors, material mistakes or material inaccuracies will not apply when the Base 
Prospectus is no longer valid. The Central Bank only approves this Base Prospectus as meeting the standards of completeness, 
comprehensibility and consistency imposed by the Prospectus Regulation. Such approval should not be considered as an 
endorsement of the Issuer nor as an endorsement of the quality of the Notes that are the subject of this Base Prospectus. Investors 
should make their own assessment as to the suitability of investing in the Notes. Such approval relates only to Notes issued under 
the Programme within twelve months after the date hereof which are to be admitted to trading on a regulated market for the 
purposes of Directive 2014/65/EU on markets in financial instruments (as amended, "MiFID II") and/or which are to be offered 
to the public in any Member State of the European Economic Area (the "EEA") in circumstances that require the publication of 
a prospectus. Application has been made to the Irish Stock Exchange plc trading as Euronext Dublin ("Euronext Dublin") for

--- Page 2 ---
ii 
the Notes to be issued under the Programme (other than Exempt Notes (as defined below)) within the period of 12 months from 
the date of this Base Prospectus to be admitted to the official list of Euronext Dublin (the "Official List") and trading on its 
regulated market. The regulated market of Euronext Dublin is a regulated market for the purposes of MiFID II. 
References in this Base Prospectus to Notes being "listed" (and all related references) shall mean that such Notes are intended 
to be (i) admitted to trading on the regulated market of Euronext Dublin and are intended to be listed on the Official List and (ii) 
(in the case of VPS Notes or if so specified in the applicable Final Terms (as defined below) or, as the case may be, the applicable 
Pricing Supplement (as defined below)) admitted to trading on the regulated market of the Oslo Stock Exchange and listed on 
the official list of the Oslo Stock Exchange, as the case may be. The applicable pricing supplement ("Pricing Supplement") in 
respect of the issue of any Exempt Notes will specify whether or not such Exempt Notes will be admitted to listing or trading on 
any non-EEA stock exchanges and/or markets, if applicable. 
Notice of the aggregate Original Principal Amount of Notes, interest payable in respect of Notes, the issue price of Notes and 
any other terms and conditions not contained herein which are applicable to each Tranche (as defined in the Conditions) of Notes 
will be set forth in a Final Terms document ("Final Terms") or, in the case of Exempt Notes, a Pricing Supplement. Each Final 
Terms will be delivered to the Central Bank and Euronext Dublin. 
The Programme provides that Notes may be listed or admitted to trading, as the case may be, on such other or further stock 
exchanges or markets as may be agreed between the Issuer and the relevant Dealer. The Issuer may also issue Notes which are 
not listed or admitted to trading on any market. 
The requirement to publish a prospectus under the Prospectus Regulation only applies to Notes which are to be admitted to 
trading on a regulated market in the EEA and/or offered to the public in the EEA other than in circumstances where an exemption 
is available under the Prospectus Regulation. References in this Base Prospectus to "Exempt Notes" are to Notes for which no 
prospectus is required to be published under the Prospectus Regulation. The Central Bank has neither reviewed nor approved 
any information in this Base Prospectus pertaining to Exempt Notes and the Central Bank assumes no responsibility in relation 
to issues of Exempt Notes. 
The Notes have not been and will not be registered under the United States Securities Act of 1933, as amended (the "Securities 
Act") or any U.S. State securities laws and may not be offered or sold in the United States or to, or for the account or benefit of, 
U.S. persons (as defined in Regulation S under the Securities Act) unless an exemption from the registration requirements of the 
Securities Act is available and in accordance with all applicable securities laws of any state of the United States and any other 
jurisdiction. 
FCA CoCo Restriction / MiFID II professionals/ECPs-only / No UK/EU PRIIPs KID - The Notes are not intended to be 
offered, sold or otherwise made available, and should not be offered, sold or otherwise made available, to retail clients in the 
EEA or the United Kingdom (the "UK"), where "retail clients" is defined in the rules set out in MiFID II and Regulation (EU) 
No 2017/565 as it forms part of UK domestic law by virtue of the European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018 (as amended, the 
"EUWA"). Prospective investors are referred to the section headed "Prohibition on marketing and sales to retail investors" of 
this Base Prospectus for further information. 
DNB Bank ASA is both the Issuer and acting as a Dealer under the Programme. Consequently, the Issuer is a "related 
issuer" of DNB Bank ASA within the meaning of the Canadian National Instrument 33-105 Underwriting Conflicts in 
connection with the distribution of the Notes in relation to which it is acting as a Dealer. The determination of the terms 
of the distribution will be negotiated between the Issuer and the relevant Dealers at the time of an issuance of Notes under 
the Programme. 
The Programme has been rated BBB by S&P Global Ratings Europe Limited ("S&P"). S&P is established in the European Union 
(the "EU") and is registered under Regulation (EC) No. 1060/2009, as amended (the "CRA Regulation"). The ratings issued by 
S&P have been endorsed by S&P Global Ratings UK Limited in accordance with the CRA Regulation as it forms part of UK 
domestic law by virtue of the EUWA (the "UK CRA Regulation"). S&P is included in the list of credit rating agencies published 
by the European Securities and Markets Authority ("ESMA") on its website (https://www.esma.europa.eu/supervision/credit-
rating-agencies/risk) in accordance with the CRA Regulation. Notes issued pursuant to the Programme may be rated or unrated. 
Where a Tranche of Notes is rated, its rating will be specified in the applicable Final Terms or, as the case may be, the applicable 
Pricing Supplement and will not necessarily be the same as the rating applicable to the Programme. A security rating is not a 
recommendation to buy, sell or hold securities and may be subject to suspension, reduction or withdrawal at any time by the 
assigning rating agency.

--- Page 3 ---
iii 
Arranger 
Goldman Sachs International  
 
Dealers 
Deutsche Bank 
DNB Bank 
Goldman Sachs International 
 
The date of this Base Prospectus is 14 February 2024

--- Page 4 ---
iv 
IMPORTANT NOTICES 
This Base Prospectus constitutes a base prospectus in respect of all Notes other than Exempt Notes issued 
under the Programme for the purposes of the Prospectus Regulation. 
The Issuer accepts responsibility for the information contained in this Base Prospectus and the Final Terms 
or, as the case may be, the Pricing Supplement relating to any Tranche of Notes issued under the 
Programme. To the best of the knowledge of the Issuer, the information contained in this Base Prospectus 
is in accordance with the facts and does not omit anything likely to affect the import of such information. 
Copies of Final Terms relating to Notes which are admitted to the Official List and to trading on the 
regulated market will be published on the website of Euronext Dublin at https://live.euronext.com/ and will 
be available from the registered office of the Issuer and the specified offices of the Paying Agent (as defined 
below) for the time being in London. 
This Base Prospectus is to be read in conjunction with all documents which are deemed to be incorporated 
herein by reference (see "Documents Incorporated by Reference" below). This Base Prospectus shall be 
read and construed on the basis that such documents are incorporated in, and form part of, this Base 
Prospectus. 
Certain information under "Description of the Issuer and the DNB Group" has been extracted from publicly 
available sources and references to any such third-party sources of information are included herein. The 
Issuer confirms that such information has been accurately reproduced and that, so far as it is aware, and is 
able to ascertain from information published by such sources, no facts have been omitted which would 
render the reproduced information inaccurate or misleading. 
None of the Arranger and the Dealers has separately verified the information contained herein. Accordingly, 
no representation, warranty or undertaking, express or implied, is made and no responsibility or liability is 
accepted by the Arranger or the Dealers as to the accuracy or completeness of the information contained or 
incorporated by reference in this Base Prospectus or any other information provided by the Issuer in 
connection with the Programme or the Notes or their distribution nor is any responsibility or liability 
accepted by the Dealers for any acts or omissions of the Issuer or any other person (other than the relevant 
Dealer) in connection with any issue and offering of the Notes under the Programme. The statements made 
in this paragraph are made without prejudice to the responsibility of the Issuer under the Programme. 
No person is or has been authorised by the Issuer or the Dealers to give any information or to make any 
representation not contained in or not consistent with this Base Prospectus or any other information supplied 
in connection with the Programme or the Notes and, if given or made, such information or representation 
must not be relied upon as having been authorised by the Issuer, the Arranger or any of the Dealers. 
Neither this Base Prospectus nor any other information supplied in connection with the Programme or any 
Notes (i) is intended to provide the basis of any credit or other evaluation or (ii) should be considered as a 
recommendation or as constituting an invitation or offer by the Issuer or any of the Dealers that any recipient 
of this Base Prospectus or any other information supplied in connection with the Programme or any Notes 
should purchase any Notes. Each investor contemplating purchasing any Notes should make its own 
independent investigation of the financial condition and affairs, and its own appraisal of the 
creditworthiness, of the Issuer. Neither this Base Prospectus nor any other information supplied in 
connection with the Programme or the issue of any Notes constitutes an offer or invitation by or on behalf 
of the Issuer, the Arranger or any of the Dealers to any person to subscribe for or to purchase any Notes. 
The delivery of this Base Prospectus does not at any time imply that the information contained herein 
concerning the Issuer is correct at any time subsequent to the date hereof or that any other information 
supplied in connection with the Programme is correct as of any time subsequent to the date indicated in the 
document containing the same. The Dealers expressly do not undertake to review the financial condition or

--- Page 5 ---
v 
affairs of the Issuer during the life of the Programme. Investors should review, inter alia, the documents 
deemed to be incorporated herein by reference when deciding whether or not to purchase any Notes. 
The distribution of this Base Prospectus and the offer or sale of the Notes may be restricted by law in certain 
jurisdictions. None of the Issuer, the Arranger and the Dealers represents that this Base Prospectus may be 
lawfully distributed, or that any Notes may be lawfully offered, in compliance with any applicable 
registration or other requirements in any such jurisdiction, or pursuant to an exemption available thereunder, 
or assume any responsibility for facilitating any such distribution or offering. In particular, no action has 
been taken by the Issuer, the Arranger or the Dealers which is intended to permit a public offering of any 
Notes or distribution of this Base Prospectus in any jurisdiction where action for that purpose is required. 
Accordingly, no Notes may be offered or sold, directly or indirectly, and neither this Base Prospectus nor 
any advertisement or other offering material may be distributed or published in any jurisdiction, except 
under circumstances that will result in compliance with any applicable laws and regulations and the Dealers 
have represented that all offers and sales by them will be made on the same terms. Persons into whose 
possession this Base Prospectus or any Notes come must inform themselves about, and observe, any such 
restrictions. In particular, there are restrictions on the distribution of this Base Prospectus and the offer or 
sale of Notes in the United States, the EEA (including Belgium, Norway and Italy), the UK, Japan, Hong 
Kong, Singapore, Switzerland, Australia and Canada (see "Prohibition on marketing and sales to retail 
investors" and "Subscription and Sale" below). 
Any offer of Notes in the UK must be made pursuant to an exemption under Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 
as it forms part of UK domestic law by virtue of the EUWA (the "UK Prospectus Regulation") from the 
requirement to publish a prospectus under Section 85 of the Financial Services and Markets Act 2000, as 
amended (the "FSMA") for offers of Notes. Accordingly, any person making or intending to make an offer 
of Notes in the UK may only do so in circumstances in which no obligation arises for the Issuer or any 
Dealer to publish a prospectus pursuant to Section 85 of the FSMA in relation to such offer. Neither the 
Issuer nor any Dealer has authorised, nor do they authorise, the making of any offer of Notes in 
circumstances in which an obligation arises for the Issuer or any Dealer to publish such a prospectus for 
any offer of Notes. 
The Bearer Notes of each Tranche will initially be represented by a temporary global Note in bearer form 
(a "Temporary Bearer Global Note") which will (i) if the global Notes are intended to be issued in new 
global note ("NGN") form, as specified in the applicable Final Terms or, as the case may be, the applicable 
Pricing Supplement, be delivered on or prior to the original issue date of the Tranche to a common 
safekeeper (the "Common Safekeeper") for Euroclear Bank SA/NV ("Euroclear") and Clearstream 
Banking S.A. ("Clearstream, Luxembourg"); and (ii) if the global Notes are not intended to be issued in 
NGN form, be delivered on or prior to the original issue date of the Tranche to a common depositary (the 
"Common Depositary") for Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg. A Temporary Bearer Global Note 
will be exchangeable, as specified in the applicable Final Terms or, as the case may be, the applicable 
Pricing Supplement, for either a permanent global Note in bearer form (a "Permanent Bearer Global 
Note") or Bearer Notes in definitive form, in each case upon certification as to non-U.S. beneficial 
ownership as required by U.S. Treasury regulations. The applicable Final Terms or, as the case may be, the 
applicable Pricing Supplement will specify that a Permanent Bearer Global Note either (i) is exchangeable 
(in whole but not in part) for definitive Notes upon not less than 60 days' notice or (ii) is only exchangeable 
(in whole but not in part) for definitive Notes following the occurrence of an Exchange Event (as defined 
under "Form of the Notes"), all as further described in "Form of the Notes" below. 
The Registered Notes of each Tranche will be represented by a global certificate, without interest coupons 
(a "Registered Global Note"), which will be deposited with, and registered in the name of a common 
nominee of, a Common Depositary for Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg. Registered Notes in 
definitive form will, at the request of the holder, be issued in exchange for interests in the Registered Global 
Notes upon compliance with the procedures for exchange, all as further described in "Form of the Notes" 
below.

--- Page 6 ---
vi 
Each Tranche of VPS Notes will be issued in uncertificated book-entry form, as more fully described under 
"Form of the Notes" below. On or before the issue date of each Tranche of VPS Notes entries may be made 
with the VPS to evidence the debt represented by such VPS Notes to accountholders with the VPS. VPS 
Notes will be issued in accordance with the laws and regulations applicable to VPS Notes from time to 
time. 
This Base Prospectus has been prepared on the basis that Notes other than Exempt Notes will have a 
minimum denomination of at least €100,000 (or its equivalent in any other currency).

--- Page 7 ---
vii 
PROHIBITION ON MARKETING AND SALES TO RETAIL INVESTORS 
The Notes discussed in this Base Prospectus are complex financial instruments. They are not a suitable or 
appropriate investment for all investors, especially retail investors. In some jurisdictions, regulatory 
authorities have adopted or published laws, regulations or guidance with respect to the offer or sale of 
securities such as the Notes to retail investors. Potential investors in the Notes should inform themselves 
of, and comply with, any applicable laws, regulations or regulatory guidance with respect to any resale of 
the Notes (or beneficial interests therein). 
FCA CoCo restriction: In the UK, the Financial Conduct Authority (“FCA”) Conduct of Business 
Sourcebook (“COBS”) requires, in summary, that the Notes should not be offered or sold to retail clients 
(as defined in COBS 3.4 and each a “UK retail client”) in the UK. 
In October 2018, the Hong Kong Monetary Authority (the “HKMA”) issued guidance on enhanced investor 
protection measures on the sale and distribution of debt instruments with loss-absorption features (such as 
the Notes) and related products (the “HKMA Circular”). Under the HKMA Circular, debt instruments 
with loss absorption features, being subject to the risk of being written-down or converted to ordinary 
shares, and investment products that invest mainly in, or whose returns are closely linked to the performance 
of such instruments, are to be targeted in Hong Kong at professional investors (as defined in the Securities 
and Futures Ordinance (Cap. 571) of Hong Kong (the “SFO”) and any subsidiary legislations or rules made 
under the SFO, “Professional Investors”) only and are generally not suitable for retail investors in either 
the primary or secondary markets. 
Investors in Hong Kong should not purchase the Notes in the primary or secondary markets unless they are 
Professional Investors and understand the risks involved. The Notes are generally not suitable for retail 
investors. 
PRIIPS REGULATION / IMPORTANT – EEA RETAIL INVESTORS – The Notes are not intended 
to be offered, sold or otherwise made available to and should not be offered, sold or otherwise made 
available to any retail investor in the EEA. For these purposes, a “retail investor” means a person who is 
one (or more) of: (i) a retail client as defined in point (11) of Article 4(1) of MiFID II; (ii) a customer within 
the meaning of Directive (EU) 2016/97, as amended or superseded (the “Insurance Distribution 
Directive”), where that customer would not qualify as a professional client as defined in point (10) of 
Article 4(1) of MiFID II; or (iii) not a qualified investor as defined in the Prospectus Regulation. 
Consequently no key information document required by Regulation (EU) No 1286/2014, as amended (the 
“PRIIPs Regulation”) for offering or selling the Notes or otherwise making them available to retail 
investors in the EEA will be prepared and therefore offering or selling the Notes or otherwise making them 
available to any retail investor in the EEA may be unlawful under the PRIIPs Regulation. 
UK PRIIPS REGULATION / IMPORTANT – UK RETAIL INVESTORS – The Notes are not 
intended to be offered, sold or otherwise made available to and should not be offered, sold or otherwise 
made available to any retail investor in the UK. For these purposes, a “retail investor” means a person who 
is one (or more) of: (i) a retail client, as defined in point (8) of Article 2 of Regulation (EU) No 2017/565 
as it forms part of UK domestic law by virtue of the EUWA; or (ii) a customer within the meaning of the 
provisions of the FSMA and any rules or regulations made under the FSMA to implement the Insurance 
Distribution Directive, where that customer would not qualify as a professional client, as defined in point 
(8) of Article 2(1) of Regulation (EU) No 600/2014 as it forms part of UK domestic law by virtue of the 
EUWA (“UK MiFIR”); or (iii) not a qualified investor as defined in Article 2 of the UK Prospectus 
Regulation. Consequently no key information document required by Regulation (EU) No 1286/2014 as it 
forms part of UK domestic law by virtue of the EUWA (the “UK PRIIPs Regulation”) for offering or 
selling the Notes or otherwise making them available to retail investors in the UK will be prepared and 
therefore offering or selling the Notes or otherwise making them available to any retail investor in the UK 
may be unlawful under the UK PRIIPs Regulation.

--- Page 8 ---
viii 
MIFID II PRODUCT GOVERNANCE / TARGET MARKET – The Final Terms in respect of any 
Notes (or Pricing Supplement, as the case may be) will include a legend titled “MiFID II product 
governance” which will outline the target market assessment in respect of the Notes and which channels 
for distribution of the Notes are appropriate. Any person subsequently offering, selling or recommending 
the Notes (a “Distributor”) should take into consideration the target market assessment; however, a 
Distributor subject to MiFID II is responsible for undertaking its own target market assessment in respect 
of the Notes (by either adopting or refining the target market assessment) and determining appropriate 
distribution channels. A determination will be made in relation to each issue about whether, for the purpose 
of the Product Governance rules under EU Delegated Directive 2017/593 (the “MiFID Product 
Governance Rules”), any Dealer subscribing for any Notes is a manufacturer in respect of such Notes, but 
otherwise neither the Arranger nor the Dealers nor any of their respective affiliates will be a manufacturer 
for the purpose of the MiFID Product Governance Rules. 
UK MIFIR PRODUCT GOVERNANCE / TARGET MARKET – The Final Terms in respect of any 
Notes (or Pricing Supplement, as the case may be) may (if applicable) include a legend titled “UK MiFIR 
Product Governance” which will outline the target market assessment in respect of the Notes and which 
channels for distribution of the Notes are appropriate. Any Distributor should take into consideration the 
target market assessment; however, a Distributor subject to the FCA Handbook Product Intervention and 
Product Governance Sourcebook (the “UK MiFIR Product Governance Rules”) is responsible for 
undertaking its own target market assessment in respect of the Notes (by either adopting or refining the 
target market assessment) and determining appropriate distribution channels. A determination will be made 
in relation to each issue about whether, for the purpose of the UK MiFIR Product Governance Rules, any 
Dealer subscribing for any Notes is a manufacturer in respect of such Notes, but otherwise neither the 
Arranger nor the Dealers nor any of their respective affiliates will be a manufacturer for the purpose of the 
UK MiFIR Product Governance Rules. 
REPRESENTATIONS, WARRANTIES AND AGREEMENTS 
COBS, MiFID II, the PRIIPs Regulation, the UK PRIIPs Regulation and the HKMA Circular are, together, 
referred to herein as the “Regulations”. 
As used in this section “Representations, Warranties and Agreements”, “retail client” means any of (i) a 
retail client as defined in MiFID II; (ii) a retail client as defined in point (8) of Article 2 of Regulation (EU) 
No 2017/565 as it forms part of UK domestic law by virtue of the EUWA; and (iii) a UK retail client. 
The Regulations set out various obligations in relation to (i) the manufacture and distribution of financial 
instruments and (ii) the offering, sale and distribution of packaged retail and insurance-based investment 
products and certain contingent write down or convertible securities, such as the Notes. 
Potential investors in the Notes should inform themselves of, and comply with, any applicable laws, 
regulations or regulatory guidance with respect to any resale of the Notes (or any beneficial interests 
therein) including the Regulations. 
The Issuer and the relevant Dealer are required to comply with some or all of the Regulations. 
By purchasing, or making or accepting an offer to purchase, any Notes (or a beneficial interest in such 
Notes) from the Issuer and/or the relevant Dealer, each prospective investor represents, warrants, agrees 
with, and undertakes to, the Issuer and the relevant Dealer that: 
1. 
it is not a retail client; 
2. 
if it is in Hong Kong, it is a Professional Investor; 
3. 
whether or not it is subject to the Regulations:

--- Page 9 ---
ix 
3.1 
it will not sell or offer the Notes (or any beneficial interests therein) to retail clients or a 
retail investor in Hong Kong; 
3.2 
it will not communicate (including the distribution of this Base Prospectus or any Final 
Terms or Pricing Supplement, as the case may be) or approve any invitation or 
inducement to participate in, acquire or underwrite the Notes (or any beneficial interests 
therein) where that invitation or inducement is addressed to or disseminated in such a 
way that it is likely to be received by a retail client or any customer in Hong Kong who 
is not a Professional Investor; and 
3.3 
in selling or offering the Notes or making or approving communications relating to the 
Notes, it may not rely on the limited exemptions set out in COBS; and 
4. 
it will at all times comply with all applicable laws, regulations and regulatory guidance (whether 
inside or outside the EEA, the UK or Hong Kong) relating to the promotion, offering, distribution 
and/or sale of the Notes (or any beneficial interests therein), whether or not specifically mentioned 
in this Base Prospectus, including (without limitation) the Regulations (as applicable) and any 
other applicable laws, regulations and regulatory guidance relating to determining the 
appropriateness and/or suitability of an investment in the Notes (or any beneficial interests therein) 
by investors in any relevant jurisdiction. 
The Regulations must be complied with when selling the Notes to Norwegian investors in Norway. 
An investment in the Notes is not an equivalent to an investment in a bank deposit. Although an investment 
in the Notes may give rise to higher yields than a bank deposit placed with the Issuer or with any other 
investment firm in the Group, an investment in the Notes carries significant and complex risks which are 
very different from the risk profile of such a deposit. The Notes are expected to have greater liquidity than 
a bank deposit since bank deposits are generally not transferable. However, the Notes may have no 
established trading market when issued, and one may never develop. 
The Notes are unsecured and deeply subordinated obligations of the Issuer. Investments in the Notes do not 
benefit from any protection provided pursuant to Directive 2014/49/EU of the European Parliament and of 
the Council on deposit guarantee schemes or any national implementing measures implementing this 
Directive in any jurisdiction. Therefore, if the Issuer becomes insolvent or defaults on its obligations, 
investors investing in the Notes could lose their entire investment. 
Amounts payable under the Notes may be calculated by reference to one or more “benchmarks” for the 
purposes of Regulation (EU) No. 2016/1011 of the European Parliament and of the Council of 8 June, 2016, 
as amended (the "EU Benchmarks Regulation"). In this case, a statement will be included in the applicable 
Final Terms as to whether or not the relevant administrator of the "benchmark" is included in ESMA's 
register of administrators under Article 36 of the EU Benchmarks Regulation. The registration status of any 
administrator under the EU Benchmarks Regulation is a matter of public record and, save where required 
by applicable law, the Issuer does not intend to update the applicable Final Terms to reflect any change in 
the registration status of the administrator.

--- Page 10 ---
x 
PRESENTATION OF FINANCIAL AND OTHER INFORMATION 
The Merger and the DNB Group  
On 1 July 2021 (the "Merger Effective Date"), DNB ASA and the Bank merged, with the Bank as the 
surviving entity. 
References in this Base Prospectus to the "DNB Group" refer to: 
(i) 
at any time prior to the Merger Effective Date, the (pre-merger) consolidation of DNB ASA and its 
subsidiaries as at the relevant time; and 
(ii) 
at any time on or after the Merger Effective Date, the (post-merger) consolidation of the Bank and 
its subsidiaries as at the relevant time. 
The presentation of any data (financial or otherwise) as at any time, or for any period, should be read 
accordingly.  
Presentation of Financial Information 
Unless otherwise indicated, the financial information in this Base Prospectus relating to the Bank and the 
DNB Group has been derived from (i) the audited consolidated and non-consolidated annual financial 
statements of the Bank and the DNB Group for the financial years ended 31 December 2021 and 2022 (the 
"Annual Financial Statements") and (ii) the unaudited consolidated and non-consolidated interim 
financial statements of the Bank and the DNB Group for the three- and twelve-month periods ended 31 
December 2023 (the "Interim Financial Statements", and together with the Annual Financial Statements, 
the "Financial Statements"). 
The DNB Group’s financial year ends on 31 December, and references in this Base Prospectus to any 
relevant financial information for any specific year or financial year are to the 12-month period ended on 
31 December of such year. The Financial Statements have been prepared in accordance with International 
Financial Reporting Standards ("IFRS") issued by the International Accounting Standards Board ("IASB") 
as approved by the EU, and with the Norwegian Accounting Act and accounting standards and practices 
generally accepted in Norway, respectively. 
Restatement of 2022 comparative financial information  
On 20 April 2023, the DNB Group published restated comparative financial information (including 
quarterly financial information) for the year ended 31 December 2022 (the "Restated 2022 Financial 
Information") to reflect the implementation of the new standard IFRS 17 Insurance Contracts. At the same 
time, the DNB Group changed the classification of some financial instruments under IFRS 9. The DNB 
Group has applied IFRS 17 from 1 January 2023. 
The new IFRS 17 rules entail a new measurement method for the DNB Group's life insurance liabilities, 
whereby estimated future cashflows in the insurance contracts will be discounted using a market-based 
interest rate. This affects the transition effect as at 1 January 2022, recognised liabilities and future profit 
and loss. There will also be a change from the previous presentation of the income statement, as operating 
expenses relating to insurance contracts under the new rules are included in net operating income in the 
income statement, whereas they were previously presented under operating expenses. 
The full implementation effect of IFRS 17, as well as the effect of the changed measurement method for 
financial assets, reduced the DNB Group's equity at the time of the transition on 1 January 2022 by NOK 
9,823 million after tax. The new standard is not applied to the company accounts for DNB Livsforsikring 
AS ("DNB Livsforsikring"). The transition to IFRS 17 does therefore not affect DNB Livsforsikring's

--- Page 11 ---
xi 
capitalisation, tax base or dividend capacity. See Note G1 to the financial statements of the Bank for the 
three-month and twelve-month periods ended 31 December 2023 and Note G52 to the 31 December 2022 
annual financial statements of the Bank for more information. 
The comparative information for the twelve months ended 31 December 2022 provided in this Base 
Prospectus reflects the Restated 2022 Financial Information. The information for the year ended 31 
December 2022 provided in this Base Prospectus reflects the Restated 2022 Financial Information. All 
Restated 2022 Financial Information in this Base Prospectus is unaudited.  
Rounding 
Certain figures included in this Base Prospectus have been subject to rounding adjustments; accordingly, 
figures shown for the same category presented in different tables may vary slightly and figures shown as 
totals in certain tables may not be an arithmetic aggregation of the figures which precede them. 
Definitions and interpretation  
In this Base Prospectus, references to the "NFSA" or to the "Norwegian FSA" are to The Financial 
Supervisory Authority of Norway (Finanstilsynet) or such successor authority exercising primary 
supervisory authority with respect to prudential matters in relation to the Issuer and/or the DNB Group, as 
appropriate. 
The language of this Base Prospectus is English. Certain legislative references and technical terms have 
been cited in their original language in order that the correct technical meaning may be ascribed to them 
under applicable law. 
In this Base Prospectus, unless the contrary intention appears, a reference to a law or a provision of a law 
is a reference to that law or provision as extended, amended or re-enacted. 
FORWARD-LOOKING STATEMENTS 
This Base Prospectus contains forward-looking statements, which reflect management's current 
expectations with respect to future events, financial and operating performance and future market 
conditions. Words such as "believe", "anticipate", "expect", "aim", "project", "expect", "intend", "predict", 
"target", "may", "might", "assume", "could", "will" and "should" or other variations or comparable 
terminology are intended to identify forward-looking statements. Forward-looking statements appear in a 
number of places in this Base Prospectus including, without limitation, the documents referred to in 
"Documents Incorporated by Reference", "Risk Factors" and "Description of the Issuer and the DNB 
Group". These forward-looking statements address matters such as: 
• 
the Bank's business strategy and financial targets; 
• 
performance of the financial markets; 
• 
future prospects of the Bank such as growth prospects, cost development under the cost 
programme and future write-downs on loans; and 
• 
future exposure to credit, market, liquidity and other risks. 
By their nature, forward-looking statements involve risk and uncertainties because they relate to events and 
depend on circumstances that may or may not occur in the future. While the Bank has prepared these 
forward-looking statements in good faith and on the basis of assumptions it believes to be reasonable, any 
such forward-looking statements are not guarantees or warranties of future performance. The Bank's actual 
financial condition, results of operation and cash flows, and the development of the markets in which it

--- Page 12 ---
xii 
operates, may differ materially from those expressed or implied in the forward-looking statements 
contained in this Base Prospectus. 
All references in this document to "U.S. dollars", "U.S.$" and "$" refer to United States dollars, those to 
"NOK" refer to Norwegian kroner, those to "Yen" refer to Japanese yen, those to "Sterling" and "£" refer 
to pounds sterling and those to "euro", "EUR" and "€" refer to the currency introduced at the start of the 
third stage of European economic and monetary union pursuant to the Treaty on the Functioning of the 
European Union, as amended. 
In this Base Prospectus, references to websites or uniform resource locators (each, a "URL") are inactive 
textual references and are included for information purposes only. Other than in relation to the documents 
which are deemed to be incorporated by reference (see "Documents Incorporated by Reference"), the 
contents of any such website or URL shall not form part of, or be deemed to be incorporated into, this Base 
Prospectus. 
SUITABILITY OF INVESTMENT 
The Notes may not be a suitable investment for all investors. Each potential investor in the Notes must 
determine the suitability of that investment in light of its own circumstances. In particular, each potential 
investor should: 
(i) have sufficient knowledge and experience to make a meaningful evaluation of the relevant Notes, 
the merits and risks of investing in the relevant Notes and the information contained or 
incorporated by reference in this Base Prospectus or any applicable supplement to this Base 
Prospectus; 
(ii) have access to, and knowledge of, appropriate analytical tools to evaluate, in the context of its 
particular financial situation, an investment in the relevant Notes and the impact such investment 
will have on its overall investment portfolio; 
(iii) have sufficient financial resources and liquidity to bear all of the risks of an investment in the 
Notes, including Notes with principal or interest payable in one or more currencies, or where the 
currency for principal or interest payments is different from the currency in which such potential 
investor's financial activities are principally denominated; 
(iv) understand thoroughly the terms of the relevant Notes and be familiar with the behaviour of any 
relevant indices and financial markets; and 
(v) be able to evaluate (either alone or with the help of a financial adviser) possible scenarios for 
economic, interest rate and other factors that may affect its investment and its ability to bear the 
applicable risks. 
Sophisticated investors generally do not purchase complex financial instruments that bear a high degree of 
risk as stand-alone investments. They purchase such financial instruments as a way to reduce risk or 
enhance yield with an understood, measured, appropriate addition of risk to their overall portfolios. A 
potential investor should not invest in the Notes unless they have the knowledge and expertise (either alone 
or with a financial adviser) to evaluate how the Notes will perform under changing conditions, the resulting 
effects on the likelihood of cancellation of interest and/or Write Down and the value of the Notes, and the 
impact this investment will have on the potential investor’s overall investment portfolio. Prior to making 
an investment decision, potential investors should consider carefully, in light of their own financial 
circumstances and investment objectives, all the information contained in this Base Prospectus. 
The investment activities of certain investors are subject to legal investment laws and regulations, or review 
or regulation by certain authorities. Each potential investor should consult its legal advisers to determine 
whether and to what extent (i) Notes are legal investments for it, (ii) Notes can be used as collateral for

--- Page 13 ---
xiii 
various types of borrowing and (iii) other restrictions apply to its purchase or pledge of any Notes. Financial 
institutions should consult their legal advisers or the appropriate regulators to determine the appropriate 
treatment of Notes under any applicable risk-based capital or similar rules. 
The Notes may be considered by eligible investors who are in a position to give the above representations, 
warranties and undertakings and to be able to satisfy themselves that the Notes would constitute an 
understood, measured, appropriate addition of risk to their overall portfolios. A potential investor should 
not invest in the Notes unless it has the expertise (either alone or with the help of a financial adviser) to 
evaluate how the Notes will perform under changing conditions, the resulting effects on the value of the 
Notes and the impact this investment will have on the potential investor’s overall investment portfolio. 
 
PRODUCT CLASSIFICATION PURSUANT TO SECTION 309B OF THE SECURITIES AND 
FUTURES ACT 2001 OF SINGAPORE 
The Issuer will make a determination in relation to each issue about the classification of the Notes being 
offered for the purposes of section 309B(1)(a) of the Securities and Futures Act 2001 of Singapore (as 
modified or amended from time to time, the “SFA”). The applicable Final Terms (or Pricing Supplement, 
as the case may be) in respect of any Notes may include a legend titled "Singapore Securities and Futures 
Act Product Classification" which will state the product classification of the applicable Notes pursuant to 
section 309B(1) of the SFA; however, unless otherwise stated in the applicable Final Terms (or Pricing 
Supplement, as the case may be) all Notes shall be "prescribed capital markets products" (as defined in the 
Securities and Futures (Capital Markets Products) Regulations 2018 of Singapore) and Excluded 
Investment Products (as defined in MAS Notice SFA 04-N12: Notice on the Sale of Investment Products 
and MAS Notice FAA-N16: Notice on Recommendations on Investment Products). This notification or 
any such legend included in the applicable Final Terms (or Pricing Supplement, as the case may be) will 
constitute notice to "relevant persons" for purposes of section 309B(1)(c) of the SFA. 
AUSTRALIAN BANKING ACT 
The Issuer is not a bank nor an authorised deposit-taking institution which is authorised under the Banking 
Act 1959 (Cth) of Australia (the "Australian Banking Act") nor is it authorised to carry on banking 
business under the Australian Banking Act. The Notes are not obligations of any government and, in 
particular, are not guaranteed by the Commonwealth of Australia. The Issuer is not supervised by the 
Australian Prudential Regulation Authority. Securities that are offered for issue or sale or transferred in, or 
into, Australia are offered only in circumstances that would not require disclosure to investors under Part 
6D.2 or Part 7.9 of the Corporations Act and issued and transferred in compliance with the terms of the 
exemption from compliance with section 66 of the Australian Banking Act that is available to the Issuer. 
Such Notes are issued or transferred in, or into, Australia in parcels of not less than A$500,000 in aggregate 
principal amount. An investment in any Notes issued by the Issuer will not be covered by the depositor 
protection provisions in section 13A of the Australian Banking Act and will not be covered by the 
Australian government's bank deposit guarantee (also commonly referred to as the Financial Claims 
Scheme) under the Australian Banking Act. 
STABILISATION 
In connection with the issue of any Tranche of Notes, the Dealer or Dealers (if any) named as the 
Stabilisation Manager(s) (or persons acting on behalf of any Stabilisation Manager(s)) in the applicable 
Final Terms or, as the case may be, the applicable Pricing Supplement may over-allot Notes or effect 
transactions with a view to supporting the market price of the Notes at a level higher than that which might 
otherwise prevail. However, stabilisation may not necessarily occur. Any stabilisation action may begin on 
or after the date on which adequate public disclosure of the terms of the offer of the relevant Tranche of 
Notes is made and, if begun, may cease at any time, but it must end no later than the earlier of 30 days after 
the issue date of the relevant Tranche of Notes and 60 days after the date of the allotment of the relevant

--- Page 14 ---
xiv 
Tranche of Notes. Any stabilisation action or over-allotment must be conducted by the relevant Stabilisation 
Manager(s) (or persons acting on behalf of any Stabilisation Manager(s)) in accordance with all applicable 
laws and rules.

--- Page 15 ---
11/79198951_13 
xv 
CONTENTS 
 
Page 
PRESENTATION OF FINANCIAL AND OTHER INFORMATION ....................................................... x 
OVERVIEW OF THE PROGRAMME ....................................................................................................... 1 
RISK FACTORS ........................................................................................................................................ 14 
DOCUMENTS INCORPORATED BY REFERENCE ............................................................................. 70 
GENERAL DESCRIPTION OF THE PROGRAMME ............................................................................. 72 
FORM OF THE NOTES ............................................................................................................................ 73 
APPLICABLE FINAL TERMS ................................................................................................................. 77 
APPLICABLE PRICING SUPPLEMENT ................................................................................................ 91 
TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THE NOTES ..................................................................................... 104 
USE OF PROCEEDS ............................................................................................................................... 173 
DESCRIPTION OF THE ISSUER AND THE DNB GROUP ................................................................ 174 
RISK AND CAPITAL MANAGEMENT ................................................................................................ 184 
MANAGEMENT ..................................................................................................................................... 205 
SUPERVISION AND REGULATION .................................................................................................... 213 
TAXATION ............................................................................................................................................. 224 
SUBSCRIPTION AND SALE ................................................................................................................. 226 
GENERAL INFORMATION .................................................................................................................. 232

--- Page 16 ---
11/79198951_13 
1 
OVERVIEW OF THE PROGRAMME 
The following overview does not purport to be complete and is taken from, and is qualified in its entirety 
by, the remainder of this Base Prospectus and, in relation to the terms and conditions of any particular 
Tranche of Notes, the applicable Final Terms or, as the case may be, the applicable Pricing Supplement. 
The Issuer and any relevant Dealer may agree that Notes shall be issued in a form other than that 
contemplated in the Conditions, in which event, in the case of Notes other than Exempt Notes and, if 
appropriate, a supplement to this Base Prospectus or a new Base Prospectus will be published. 
Words and expressions defined in "Form of the Notes" and "Terms and Conditions of the Notes" shall have 
the same meanings in this Overview of the Programme. 
 
Information relating to the Issuer 
Description: .............................  
DNB Bank ASA, a public limited company (in Norwegian: 
allmennaksjeselskap) incorporated under the laws of the Kingdom 
of Norway on 10 September 2002 with registration number 984 851 
006. The registered office of the Issuer is at Dronning Eufemias gate 
30, N-0021 Oslo, Norway. 
Issuer Legal Entity Identifier 
(LEI): .......................................  
 
549300GKFG0RYRRQ1414 
Information relating to the Programme 
Description: .............................  
Additional Tier 1 Capital Note Programme 
Arranger: .................................  
Goldman Sachs International  
Dealers: ....................................  
Deutsche Bank Aktiengesellschaft 
 
DNB Bank ASA 
 
Goldman Sachs International 
 
and any other Dealers appointed in accordance with the Programme 
Agreement. 
Registrar: .................................  
Citibank Europe plc 
Issuing and Principal Paying 
Agent: ......................................  
 
Citibank, N.A., London Branch 
VPS Account Manager: ...........  
DNB Bank ASA, Verdipapirservice 
Size: .........................................  
Up to €10,000,000,000 in aggregate Original Principal Amount of 
Notes (or its equivalent in other currencies calculated as described 
in "General Description of the Programme") outstanding at any 
time. The Issuer may increase the amount of the Programme in 
accordance with the terms of the Programme Agreement. 
Distribution:.............................  
Notes may be distributed by way of private or public placement and 
in each case on a syndicated or non-syndicated basis. 
Currencies:...............................  
Subject to any applicable legal or regulatory restrictions, Notes may 
be denominated in euro, Sterling, U.S. dollars, Swiss Francs, Yen or 
any other currency agreed between the Issuer and the relevant 
Dealer. 
Status: ......................................  
The Notes will constitute undated, unsecured and subordinated 
obligations (NO: Fondsobligasjoner) of the Issuer, will rank pari

--- Page 17 ---
2 
passu without any preference among themselves and will be 
subordinated on a winding-up as provided below. The Notes do not 
have the benefit of a guarantee from any person and/or legal entity. 
Ranking: ..................................  
Ranking as Qualifying Additional Tier 1 Obligations 
It is the intention of the Issuer that the Notes will, upon issue, qualify 
as Additional Tier 1 Capital of the Issuer and the Group. Subject to 
mandatory provisions of Norwegian law (including the Applicable 
Banking Regulations), for so long as the Notes or any part thereof 
qualifies (or would but for any applicable limitation on the amount 
of such capital qualify) as Additional Tier 1 Capital of the Issuer 
and/or the Group, they will constitute Qualifying Additional Tier 1 
Obligations and shall rank accordingly in the Priority of Claims set 
out in Condition 2(c).  
Ranking upon Disqualification from Qualifying Additional Tier 1 
Obligations 
Subject to mandatory provisions of Norwegian law (including the 
Applicable Banking Regulations), if, at any time, the Issuer or the 
Norwegian FSA determines that the Notes have ceased to be, or are 
not, Qualifying Additional Tier 1 Obligations, they shall upon such 
determination immediately and automatically (without any need for 
any further action on the part of the Issuer or the consent or approval 
of any Noteholder) become either Disqualified Additional Tier 1 
Obligations or (if the whole or any part of the Notes then qualifies 
(or would but for any applicable limitation on the amount of such 
capital qualify) as Tier 2 Capital of the Issuer and/or the Group) 
Qualifying Tier 2 Obligations and shall, with effect from that time, 
rank accordingly in the Priority of Claims set out in Condition 2(c). 
In such circumstances (and unless the Notes have re-qualified as 
Qualifying Additional Tier 1 Obligations as provided below), 
subject to mandatory provisions of Norwegian law (including the 
Applicable Banking Regulations), the status of the Notes may, in 
addition, from time to time change from Qualifying Tier 2 
Obligations to Disqualified Additional Tier 1 Obligations, or vice 
versa, and rank accordingly in the Priority of Claims set out in 
Condition 2(c), without any further action on the part of the Issuer 
or the consent or approval of any Noteholder, if the Notes 
subsequently lose or gain (as applicable) the ability to qualify, in 
whole or in part, as Tier 2 Capital of the Issuer and/or the Group.    
Ranking upon Re-qualification as Qualifying Additional Tier 1 
Obligations 
Subject to mandatory provisions of Norwegian law (including the 
Applicable Banking Regulations) if, at any time after the Notes have 
become Disqualified Additional Tier 1 Obligations or Qualifying 
Tier 2 Obligations, the Issuer or the Norwegian FSA determines that 
the Notes re-qualify as Qualifying Additional Tier 1 Obligations, the 
Notes 
shall, 
upon 
such 
determination, 
immediately 
and 
automatically (without the need for any further action on the part of 
the Issuer or the consent or approval of any Noteholder) constitute

--- Page 18 ---
3 
Qualifying Additional Tier 1 Obligations and, with effect from such 
time, the ranking will change such that the Notes rank as Qualifying 
Additional Tier 1 Obligations in the Priority of Claims set out in 
Condition 2(c). 
Mandatory provisions of Norwegian law 
If and to the extent that the foregoing is inconsistent with mandatory 
provisions of Norwegian law (including the Applicable Banking 
Regulations), such mandatory provisions shall apply and supersede 
the Conditions. For the avoidance of doubt, such mandatory 
provisions shall include the provisions of the Norwegian Financial 
Institutions Act § 20-32 (as amended and/or supplemented from 
time to time). 
No Set-off: ...............................  
Subject to applicable law, no Noteholder may exercise, claim or 
plead any right of set-off, netting, compensation or retention 
(collectively, “set-off”) in respect of any amount owed to it by the 
Issuer in respect of, or arising under or in connection with, the Notes 
and each Noteholder shall, by virtue of its holding of any Note, be 
deemed to have waived all such rights of set-off. 
Solvency Condition: ................  
No payment of principal, interest or any other amount in respect of 
the Notes shall become due and payable unless, and to the extent 
that, the Issuer is able to make such payment and still be solvent 
immediately thereafter, in each case except in the winding-up, 
dissolution or liquidation of the Issuer (the “Solvency Condition”). 
The Issuer shall be considered to be “solvent” for these purposes if 
(x) it is able to pay its debts to Senior Creditors as they fall due and 
(y) its Assets exceed its Liabilities. 
Principal Loss Absorption: ......  
If at any time the CET1 Ratio of the Issuer and/or the Group falls 
below the Trigger Event Level as determined by the Issuer (or by 
the Norwegian FSA or any agent appointed by the Norwegian FSA 
for the purpose of making such determination) (a “Trigger Event”), 
then the Issuer shall immediately notify the Norwegian FSA and, 
without delay and by no later than one month (or such shorter period 
as the Norwegian FSA may then require) from the occurrence of the 
relevant Trigger Event, shall (without the need for the consent of the 
Noteholders): 
(i)  
cancel all interest accrued to (but excluding) the relevant 
 
Write Down Date (whether or not such interest has become 
 
due for payment and including any interest scheduled for 
 
payment on the Write Down Date); and 
(ii)  
reduce the then Outstanding Principal Amount of each 
Note by the relevant Write Down Amount (such reduction, 
a “Write Down” and “Written Down” being construed 
accordingly). 
For the avoidance of doubt, if the cancellation of interest pursuant 
to (i) above would result in an increase in the CET1 Ratio of the 
Issuer and/or the Group (as applicable), any such increase shall be 
disregarded for the purposes of calculating the Write Down Amount 
in respect of such Trigger Event.

--- Page 19 ---
4 
A Trigger Event may occur on more than one occasion and each 
Note may be Written Down on more than one occasion. Any such 
Write Down shall not constitute a default under the terms of the 
Notes for any purpose. 
See Condition 6 for further information. 
Discretionary Reinstatement: ..  
Discretionary Reinstatement 
If, at any time following a Write Down, each of the Issuer and the 
Group records a positive Net Profit, the Issuer may, in its sole and 
absolute discretion, increase the Outstanding Principal Amount of 
the Notes (a “Discretionary Reinstatement”) by such amount as 
the Issuer may elect, subject to certain limitations set out in 
Condition 7.  
A Discretionary Reinstatement may occur on one or more occasions 
until the Outstanding Principal Amount of the Notes has been 
reinstated to the Original Principal Amount.  
For the avoidance of doubt, Discretionary Reinstatement shall apply 
to the Notes only if, and to the extent that, the Notes have been 
Written Down following the occurrence of a Trigger Event in 
accordance with the provisions of “Principal Loss Absorption” 
above. If at any time the Notes are written down or converted 
pursuant to Chapter 20 of the Norwegian Financial Institutions Act 
(as further described below), the principal amount by which the 
Notes are written down or converted pursuant to the Norwegian 
Financial Institutions Act shall not be reinstated (whether by way of 
Discretionary Reinstatement or otherwise) in any circumstances. 
See Condition 7 for further information. 
Loss Absorption under the 
Norwegian Financial 
Institutions Act: .......................  
The BRRD has been implemented in Norway through Chapter 20 of 
the Norwegian Financial Institutions Act with effect from 1 January 
2019. The Notes may also be written down or converted to equity 
by the Norwegian resolution authorities pursuant to Chapter 20 of 
the Norwegian Financial Institutions Act (which includes, without 
limitation, the general bail-in tool or the non-viability loss 
absorption powers applicable to the write-down or conversion of 
capital instruments, such as the Notes) – see “Risk Factors – The 
Notes may become subject to resolution actions under the 
Norwegian implementation of BRRD, and may be written down or 
converted into equity in certain circumstances”. 
No Maturity: ............................  
The Notes are perpetual securities and will have no fixed date for 
redemption. 
Issue Price: ..............................  
Notes will be issued on a fully paid basis and at an issue price which 
is at par or at a discount to, or premium over, par. 
Form of Notes: .........................  
The Notes will be issued in bearer form, registered form or, in the 
case of VPS Notes, uncertificated book-entry form, as described in 
“Form of the Notes” below. 
 
Each Tranche of Bearer Notes will be initially represented by a 
Temporary Bearer Global Note which will (i) if the global Notes are 
intended to be issued in NGN form, as specified in the applicable 
Final Terms or, as the case may be, the applicable Pricing 
Supplement, be delivered on or prior to the Issue Date to a Common

--- Page 20 ---
5 
Safekeeper for Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg; and (ii) if 
the global Notes are not intended to be issued in NGN form, be 
delivered on or prior to the Issue Date to a Common Depositary for 
Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg. The Temporary Bearer 
Global Note will be exchangeable, as specified in the applicable 
Final Terms or, as the case may be, the applicable Pricing 
Supplement, for either a Permanent Bearer Global Note or Bearer 
Notes in definitive form, in each case upon certification as to non-
U.S. beneficial ownership as required by U.S. Treasury regulations. 
 
Each Tranche of Registered Notes will be represented by a 
Registered Global Note, deposited with a common depositary for 
Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg and registered in the name 
of a common nominee of Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg. 
 
Bearer Notes will not be exchangeable for Registered Notes and vice 
versa. 
 
VPS Notes will not be evidenced by any physical note or document 
of title. Entitlements to VPS Notes will be evidenced by the crediting 
of VPS Notes to accounts with the VPS. 
Fixed Rate Notes: ....................  
Subject as described below under “Cancellation of Interest 
Payments”, Fixed Rate Notes will bear interest on their Outstanding 
Principal Amount at a fixed rate of interest specified in the 
applicable Final Terms or, as the case may be, the applicable Pricing 
Supplement. 
Interest on Fixed Rate Notes will, subject as described below under 
“Cancellation of Interest Payments”, be payable on such date or 
dates as may be agreed between the Issuer and the relevant Dealer(s) 
(as indicated in the applicable Final Terms or, as the case may be, 
the applicable Pricing Supplement) and will be calculated on the 
basis of such Day Count Fraction as may be agreed between the 
Issuer and the relevant Dealer(s). 
Floating Rate Notes: ................  
Subject as described below under “Cancellation of Interest 
Payments”, Floating Rate Notes will bear interest on their 
Outstanding Principal Amount at a rate determined: 
 
(i) 
on the basis of a reference rate appearing on the agreed 
screen page of a commercial quotation service; or 
 
(ii) 
in the case of Exempt Notes, on such other basis as may be 
agreed between the Issuer and the relevant Dealer(s), 
 
as indicated in the applicable Final Terms or, as the case may be, the 
applicable Pricing Supplement. 
 
The margin (if any) relating to such floating rate will be agreed 
between the Issuer and the relevant Dealer(s) for each Series of 
Floating Rate Notes and will be specified in the applicable Final 
Terms or, as the case may be, the applicable Pricing Supplement. 
 
Floating Rate Notes may also have a maximum interest rate, a 
minimum interest rate or both (as indicated in the applicable Final 
Terms or, as the case may be, the applicable Pricing Supplement). 
 
Interest on Floating Rate Notes in respect of each Interest Period, as 
agreed prior to issue by the Issuer and the relevant Dealer(s), will, 
subject as described below under “Cancellation of Interest 
Payments”,  be payable on such Interest Payment Dates and will be

--- Page 21 ---
6 
calculated on the basis of such Day Count Fraction as may be agreed 
between the Issuer and the relevant Dealer(s). 
Reset Notes: .............................  
Notes may have reset provisions pursuant to which the relevant 
Notes will, in respect of an initial period, and subject as described 
below under “Cancellation of Interest Payments”, bear interest on 
their Outstanding Principal Amount at an initial fixed rate of interest 
specified in the applicable Final Terms or, as the case may be, the 
applicable Pricing Supplement. Thereafter, the fixed rate of interest 
will be reset on one or more date(s) by reference to a Mid-Swap Rate 
for the relevant Specified Currency, a Reference Bond Rate or the 
CMT Rate, and for a period equal to the Reset Period, in each case 
as may be specified in the applicable Final Terms or, as the case may 
be, the applicable Pricing Supplement and subject as described 
below under “Cancellation of Interest Payments”. 
 
The margin (if any) in relation to Reset Notes will be agreed between 
the Issuer and the relevant Dealer(s) for each Series of Reset Notes 
and will be specified in the applicable Final Terms or, as the case 
may be, the applicable Pricing Supplement. 
 
Interest on Reset Notes will, subject as described below under 
“Cancellation of Interest Payments”, be payable on such date or 
dates as may be agreed between the Issuer and the relevant Dealer(s) 
(as indicated in the applicable Final Terms or, as the case may be, 
the applicable Pricing Supplement) and will be calculated on the 
basis of such Day Count Fraction as may be agreed between the 
Issuer and the relevant Dealer(s) (as indicated in the applicable Final 
Terms or, as the case may be, the applicable Pricing Supplement). 
Benchmark Discontinuation: ...  
If “Benchmark Discontinuation” is specified to be applicable in the 
applicable Final Terms (or, in the case of Exempt Notes, the 
applicable Pricing Supplement) in relation to a Floating Rate Note 
or a Reset Note, in the event that a Benchmark Event occurs in 
relation to an Original Reference Rate when any Rate of Interest (or 
any component part thereof) remains to be determined by reference 
to such Original Reference Rate, then the Issuer shall use its 
reasonable endeavours to determine a Successor Rate, failing which 
an Alternative Rate and, in either case, an Adjustment Spread and 
any Benchmark Amendments as described in Condition 3(d). 
If “Benchmark Discontinuation – ARRC” is specified to be 
applicable in the applicable Final Terms (or, in the case of Exempt 
Notes, the applicable Pricing Supplement) in relation to a Floating 
Rate Note or a Reset Note, and the Issuer determines that a 
Benchmark Transition Event and its related Benchmark 
Replacement Date have occurred prior to the Reference Time in 
respect of any determination of the Benchmark on any date, the 
Issuer will determine a Benchmark Replacement in accordance with 
the benchmark transition provisions as described in Condition 3(e). 
Maximum Distributable 
Amount: ...................................  
To the extent required under the then-prevailing Applicable Banking 
Regulations: 
• 
in circumstances where the Norwegian Financial Institutions 
Act §14-3(5) applies, no payments (or deemed payments) will 
be made on the Notes (whether by way of principal, interest, 
any additional amounts payable under Condition 
9, 
Discretionary Reinstatement or otherwise), and any such 
payment will be cancelled, if and to the extent that such 
payment would, when aggregated together with other

--- Page 22 ---
7 
distributions of the kind referred to in the Norwegian Financial 
Institutions Act §14-3(5), cause the Maximum Distributable 
Amount (if any) then applicable to either the Issuer or the Group 
to be exceeded; and  
• 
in circumstances where the Norwegian Financial Institutions 
Act §20-9a applies, no payments (or deemed payments) will be 
made on the Notes (whether by way of principal, interest, any 
additional amounts payable under Condition 9, Discretionary 
Reinstatement or otherwise), and any such payment will be 
cancelled, if and to the extent that (1) the Norwegian FSA has, 
at such time, imposed a maximum distributable amount 
determined in accordance with the Norwegian Financial 
Institutions Regulation § 20-7d (an “M-MDA”) on the Issuer 
and/or the Group and (2) such payment would, when aggregated 
together with other distributions of the kind referred to in the 
Norwegian Financial Institutions Act §20-9a(2), cause such M-
MDA to be exceeded.  
L-MDA restrictions, to the extent implemented under Norwegian 
law and if the Issuer is required to comply with any such applicable 
restrictions, may also apply.  
See “Risk Factors – Payments on the Notes will be subject to 
Maximum Distributable Amount restrictions”. 
Cancellation of Interest 
Payments: ................................  
Optional cancellation of interest 
The Issuer may elect at any time, in its sole and absolute discretion, 
to cancel (in whole or in part) any payment of interest otherwise 
scheduled to be paid on an Interest Payment Date or any other date. 
Mandatory cancellation of interest – Norwegian FSA 
The Norwegian FSA may also direct the Issuer to exercise its 
discretion to cancel interest scheduled to be paid on an Interest 
Payment Date or any other date. 
Mandatory cancellation of interest – Insufficient Distributable Items  
Payments of interest in respect of the Notes in any financial year 
(and, if applicable, any additional amounts payable in respect 
thereof pursuant to Condition 9) shall only be made out of 
Distributable Items of the Issuer (unless otherwise permitted by the 
then-prevailing Applicable Banking Regulations). The Issuer will, 
to the extent required by the then-prevailing Applicable Banking 
Regulations, cancel any interest otherwise scheduled to be paid on 
any date if and to the extent that the amount of such interest (together 
with any additional amounts payable in respect thereof pursuant to 
Condition 9), when aggregated together with any interest payments 
or distributions which have been made or which are required to be 
paid or made during the then current financial year on all other own 
funds items of the Issuer (excluding any such interest payments or 
distributions which (i) are not required to be made out of 
Distributable Items or (ii) have already been provided for, by way 
of deduction, in the calculation of Distributable Items), exceeds the 
amount of Distributable Items of the Issuer as at such date.

--- Page 23 ---
8 
Mandatory cancellation of interest – Solvency Condition and 
Maximum Distributable Amount  
In addition, the Issuer will also cancel any interest to the extent 
required as provided above under “Solvency Condition” and 
“Maximum Distributable Amount”. 
Non-payment constitutes evidence of cancellation 
Non-payment of any amount of interest scheduled to be paid on any 
date will constitute evidence of cancellation of the relevant payment, 
whether or not notice of cancellation has been given by the Issuer. 
Interest Non-Cumulative; No 
Default: ....................................  
If the payment of interest scheduled on any date is cancelled, in 
whole or in part, in accordance with the provisions of “Cancellation 
of Interest Payments”, the Issuer shall not have any obligation to 
make such interest payment (or the cancelled part thereof) on such 
date or any time thereafter, the Issuer may use such cancelled 
interest amounts for any purpose without limitation, and the failure 
to pay such interest (or the cancelled part thereof) shall not constitute 
a default of the Issuer for any purpose.  
Redemption: ............................  
The Notes have no fixed maturity date.  
The Issuer may, subject to the provisions of “Conditions to 
redemption etc.” below, upon giving not less than five nor more than 
60 calendar days’ notice to Noteholders, in its sole discretion (and 
without the requirement for the consent or approval of the 
Noteholders) elect to redeem the Notes in whole (but not in part): 
1. 
on any Optional Redemption Date; or 
2. 
if “Residual Holding Call Option” is specified to be 
applicable in the applicable Final Terms, (or, in the case 
of Exempt Notes, the applicable Pricing Supplement) on 
any date or (in the case of Floating Rate Notes) on any 
Interest Payment Date if 75 per cent. or more of the 
aggregate nominal amount of the Notes originally 
issued (and, for this purpose, any further Notes issued 
pursuant to Condition 19 which are, or are to be, 
consolidated and form a single series with the 
outstanding Notes shall be deemed to have been 
originally issued) has been purchased and cancelled in 
accordance with Condition 8; or 
3. 
at any time or (in the case of Floating Rate Notes) on 
any Interest Payment Date, upon the occurrence of a Tax 
Event, a Withholding Tax Event or a Capital Event,  
in each case at their Redemption Amount. 
Purchase: .................................  
The Issuer or any member of the Group may at any time permitted 
by applicable law and regulation (but subject to the provisions of 
“Conditions to redemption etc.” below) purchase Notes in the open 
market or otherwise and at any price in accordance with applicable 
laws and regulations, provided that no such purchase will be effected 
unless the prior approval of the Norwegian FSA is obtained, if then 
required pursuant to the Applicable Banking Regulations.

--- Page 24 ---
9 
Conditions to redemption etc.:.  
Any 
redemption, 
cancellation, 
substitution, 
variation 
or 
modification of the Notes by the Issuer, and any purchase of the 
Notes by the Issuer or any member of the Group, will be subject to 
compliance with all applicable laws and regulations, including the 
Applicable Banking Regulations (including, if so required 
thereunder, obtaining the approval of the Norwegian FSA). 
 
In the case of a redemption of the Notes as a result of a Withholding 
Tax Event or a Tax Event, the tax consequences of such event must 
also be material and the relevant tax law change must not have been 
reasonably foreseeable as at the issue date of the most recent 
Tranche of the Notes. In the case of a redemption of the Notes as a 
result of a Capital Event, the change in regulatory classification must 
not have been reasonably foreseeable as at the issue date of the most 
recent Tranche of the Notes. 
 
If the Issuer has elected to repay the Notes but the Solvency 
Condition is not satisfied in respect of the relevant payment on the 
date scheduled for repayment, the relevant repayment notice shall 
be automatically rescinded and shall be of no force and effect and, 
accordingly, no repayment of the nominal amount of the Notes or 
any interest thereon will be due and payable on the scheduled 
repayment date, and the Notes will continue to remain outstanding 
on the same basis as if no repayment notice had been given. 
Substitution and Variation: ......  
If at any time a Tax Event, a Withholding Tax Event or a Capital 
Event occurs, or in order to ensure the effectiveness and 
enforceability of Condition 22, the Issuer may, subject to the 
provisions of “Conditions to redemption etc.” above, having given 
not less than five nor more than 60 calendar days’ notice to the 
holders of the Notes, either substitute all (but not some only) of the 
Notes for, or vary the terms of the Notes provided that they remain 
or become, Compliant Additional Tier 1 Notes (having terms not 
materially less favourable to a holder than the terms of the Notes 
(other than in respect of the effectiveness and enforceability of 
Condition 22), as reasonably determined by the Issuer).

--- Page 25 ---
10 
Enforcement on a Winding 
Up: ...........................................  
There are no events of default under the terms of the Notes. 
If (other than pursuant to an Excluded Winding-up) the Issuer is 
liquidated, dissolved or otherwise wound-up by way of public 
administration, in each case by a court or agency or supervisory 
authority in the Kingdom of Norway having jurisdiction in respect 
of the same, the holder of any Note may prove or claim in such 
proceedings in respect of such Note, such claim being for payment 
of the Outstanding Principal Amount of such Note at the time of 
commencement of such winding-up together with any interest 
accrued and unpaid on such Note (to the extent that the same is not 
cancelled in accordance with the terms of the Notes) from (and 
including) the Interest Payment Date immediately preceding 
commencement of such winding-up and any other amounts payable 
on such Note under the Conditions (including any damages awarded 
for breach by the Issuer in respect thereof). Such claim shall rank as 
provided in Condition 2.  
A Noteholder may not itself file for the liquidation or bankruptcy of 
the Issuer.   
For the avoidance of doubt, in a winding-up of the Issuer 
Noteholders will have a claim for the Outstanding Principal Amount 
and not for the Original Principal Amount. 
Denomination of Notes: ..........  
Notes will be issued in such denominations as may be agreed 
between the Issuer and the relevant Dealer(s) and as indicated in the 
applicable Final Terms or, as the case may be, the applicable Pricing 
Supplement save that the minimum denomination of each Note 
(other than an Exempt Note) will be at least €100,000 (or, if the 
Notes are denominated in a currency other than euro, the equivalent 
amount in such currency at the time of issue) or such other amount 
as may be allowed or required from time to time by the relevant 
regulatory authority or any laws or regulations applicable to the 
relevant Specified Currency. 
Taxation: ..................................  
All payments of principal, interest and any other amounts in respect 
of the Notes will be made without withholding or deduction for or 
on account of any present or future taxes, duties, assessments or 
governmental charges of whatever nature imposed or levied by or 
on behalf of the Kingdom of Norway or any political subdivision or 
any authority or agency thereof or therein having power to tax unless 
such withholding or deduction is required by law. In the event of any 
such withholding or deduction in respect of payments of interest (but 
not principal or any other amounts), save as set out in the Conditions, 
the Issuer will pay such additional amounts as shall be necessary in 
order that the net amounts received by the holders of the Notes after 
such withholding or deduction shall equal the respective amounts of 
interest which would otherwise have been receivable in respect of 
the Notes in the absence of such withholding or deduction. 
Exempt Notes: .........................  
The Issuer may agree with any Dealer that Exempt Notes may be 
issued in a form not contemplated by the Conditions , in which event 
the relevant provisions will be included in the applicable Pricing 
Supplement.

--- Page 26 ---
11 
Ratings: ....................................  
The Programme has been rated BBB by S&P. S&P is established in 
the EU and is registered under the CRA Regulation. The ratings 
issued by S&P have been endorsed by S&P Global Ratings UK 
Limited in accordance with the UK CRA Regulation.  
Notes issued pursuant to the Programme may be rated or unrated. 
Where a Tranche of Notes is rated, its rating will be specified in the 
applicable Final Terms or, as the case may be, the applicable Pricing 
Supplement and will not necessarily be the same as the rating 
applicable to the Programme.  
A security rating is not a recommendation to buy, sell or hold 
securities and may be subject to suspension, reduction or withdrawal 
at any time by the assigning rating agency. 
Listing and Admission to 
Trading: ...................................  
Application has been made to Euronext Dublin for the Notes to be 
issued under the Programme (other than Exempt Notes) within the 
period of 12 months from the date of this Base Prospectus to be 
admitted to the Official List and trading on the regulated market of 
Euronext Dublin. 
 
Applications may be made to list VPS Notes (or other Notes where 
the applicable Final Terms or, as the case may applicable Pricing 
Supplement, so specify) on the Oslo Stock Exchange. Any such 
applications will (where relevant) be in accordance with applicable 
laws and regulations governing the listing of VPS Notes on the Oslo 
Stock Exchange, Oslo Børs ("Oslo Stock Exchange") from time to 
time. 
 
Notes issued under the Programme may be listed or admitted to 
trading, as the case may be, on such other or further stock exchanges 
or markets as may be agreed between the Issuer and the relevant 
Dealer(s) in relation to each Series. Notes which are neither listed 
nor admitted to trading on any market may also be issued. 
 
The applicable Final Terms or, as the case may be, the applicable 
Pricing Supplement will state whether or not the relevant Notes are 
to be listed and/or admitted to trading and, if so, on which stock 
exchanges and/or markets. 
Exempt Notes may only be admitted to listing or trading on non-
EEA stock exchanges and/or markets. 
Governing Law: .......................  
The Notes, and any non-contractual obligations arising therefrom or 
in connection therewith, will be governed by, and construed in 
accordance with, English law except for (i) the provisions of 
Conditions 2, 6, 7 and 12 and any non-contractual obligations arising 
therefrom or in connection therewith; (ii) any other write-down or 
conversion of the Notes in accordance with Norwegian law and 
regulation applicable to the Issuer from time to time; and (iii) the 
creation and issue of VPS Notes and the registration and transfer of 
VPS Notes in VPS and the provisions of Condition 18(a)(ii) relating 
to meetings of the holders of VPS Notes and any non-contractual 
obligations arising therefrom or in connection therewith, which in 
each case shall be governed by, and construed in accordance with, 
Norwegian law.

--- Page 27 ---
12 
 
VPS Notes must comply with the Norwegian Act relating to Central 
Securities Depositories and Securities Settlement of 15 March 2019 
no.6., as amended from time to time and the holders of VPS Notes 
will be entitled to the rights and are subject to the obligations and 
liabilities which arise under this Act and any related regulations and 
legislation.  
Agreement with Respect to the 
exercise of Norwegian Bail-in 
Powers: ....................................  
By its acquisition of any Note or any beneficial interest therein, each 
Noteholder will acknowledge and accept that any liability arising 
under the Notes may be subject to (i) the exercise of Norwegian 
Statutory Loss Absorption Powers by the Relevant Resolution 
Authority which could include and result in (without limitation) (a) 
the reduction of all, or a portion, of the Relevant Amounts in respect 
of the Notes, (b) the conversion of all, or a portion, of the Relevant 
Amounts in respect of the Notes into shares, other securities or other 
obligations of the Issuer or another person, and the issue to or 
conferral on the Noteholder of such shares, securities or obligations, 
including by means of an amendment, modification or variation of 
the terms of the Notes, (c) the cancellation of the Notes or the 
Relevant Amounts in respect of the Notes, and (d) the amendment 
or alteration of the duration of the Notes or amendment of the 
amount of interest payable on the Notes, or the dates on which 
interest may become payable, including by suspending or cancelling 
payment for a temporary period and (ii) the variation of the terms of 
the Notes, as deemed necessary by the Relevant Resolution 
Authority, to give effect to the exercise of any Norwegian Statutory 
Loss Absorption Powers by the Relevant Resolution Authority. 
Selling Restrictions:.................  
There are selling restrictions on the offer, sale and transfer of the 
Notes in the United States, the EEA (including Belgium, Norway 
and Italy), the UK, Hong Kong, Singapore, Switzerland, Australia, 
Canada, Japan and such other restrictions as may be required in 
connection with the offering and sale of a particular Tranche of 
Notes. See "Subscription and Sale" below. 
United States Selling 
Restrictions: .............................  
For United States securities law purposes only, the Issuer is a 
Category 2 issuer under Regulation S. Notes in bearer form will be 
issued in accordance with TEFRA D or TEFRA C unless TEFRA is 
not applicable, as specified in the applicable Final Terms or, as the 
case may be, the applicable Pricing Supplement. VPS Notes must be 
issued in compliance with TEFRA C unless TEFRA is not 
applicable. 
MiFID product governance / UK 
MiFIR product governance / 
PRIIPs Regulation / UK PRIIPs 
Regulation / FCA CoCo 
restriction: ..................................  
The Final Terms or, as the case may be, Pricing Supplement in 
respect of any Notes will include a legend titled "MiFID II product 
governance" and may include a legend titled "UK MiFIR product 
governance", which (in each case) will outline the target market 
assessment in respect of the Notes and which channels for 
distribution of the Notes are appropriate. 
No EU PRIIPs Regulation or UK PRIIPs Regulation key 
information document has been prepared as the Notes are not 
available to retail investors in the EEA or the UK. No sales to UK 
retail clients under COBS. 
See the section headed “Prohibition on Marketing and Sales to 
Retail Investors” of this Base Prospectus for further information.

--- Page 28 ---
13 
Use of proceeds: ......................  
The Notes will form part of the Issuer's capital base and the net 
proceeds from each Tranche of Notes will, unless otherwise 
specified in the applicable Final Terms or, as the case may be, the 
applicable Pricing Supplement, be used by the Issuer for general 
corporate purposes, including the repayment of borrowings incurred 
in the ordinary course of business.

--- Page 29 ---
14 
RISK FACTORS 
THE NOTES ARE COMPLEX AND HIGH-RISK FINANCIAL INSTRUMENTS. INVESTING IN 
THE NOTES INVOLVES SIGNIFICANT RISKS. IN PURCHASING NOTES, INVESTORS ASSUME 
THE RISK THAT THE ISSUER MAY BECOME INSOLVENT OR OTHERWISE BE UNABLE TO 
MAKE ALL PAYMENTS DUE IN RESPECT OF THE NOTES. 
If any of the following risks actually occurs, the DNB Group's business, results of operations, financial 
condition or prospects could be materially adversely affected. In that event, the value of the Notes could 
decline, and you may lose part or all of your investment. The risks and uncertainties described below are 
those that the DNB Group believes are material, but these risks and uncertainties are not the only ones the 
DNB Group faces. Additional risks and uncertainties not presently known to the DNB Group or that the 
DNB Group currently deems immaterial may also have a material adverse effect on the business, results of 
operations, financial condition or prospects of the DNB Group and could negatively affect the price of the 
Notes. 
Prospective investors should carefully review the risks set forth and referred to below and the other 
information contained in this Base Prospectus (including any information incorporated by reference 
herein) and should reach their own views and decisions on the merits and risks of investing in the Notes in 
light of the investor's personal circumstances. Furthermore, investors should consult their financial, legal 
and tax advisors to carefully review the risks associated with an investment in the Notes. 
The following is a description of the principal risks and uncertainties which may affect the ability of the 
Issuer to fulfil its obligations under the Notes, it is not an exhaustive list and should be used as guidance 
only. When a risk factor is relevant in more than one category, such risk factor is presented only under the 
category deemed to be the most relevant for such risk factor. 
FACTORS THAT MAY AFFECT THE ISSUER’S ABILITY TO FULFIL ITS OBLIGATIONS 
UNDER THE NOTES 
Risks Related to Macroeconomic Conditions 
Negative economic developments and conditions in Norway and the markets in which the DNB Group 
operates may adversely affect the DNB Group’s business and results of operations and are likely to 
continue to do so if those conditions persist or recur. 
The DNB Group’s business activities are dependent on the level of banking and financial services required 
by its customers. In particular, borrowing levels are heavily dependent on customer confidence, 
employment trends, the state of the economy, and market interest rates. The DNB Group’s performance is 
significantly influenced by general economic conditions in Norway and, to a lesser extent, the other 
countries in which it operates, as well as general global economic conditions as they may affect both the 
general economic conditions in Norway (being an open and relatively small economy) and particular sectors 
of the economy that are important to the DNB Group’s business, such as the offshore oil and gas sector, 
shipping and real estate. As the DNB Group currently conducts the majority of its business in Norway, its 
performance is significantly influenced by the level and cyclical nature of business activity in Norway, 
which is in turn affected by both domestic and international economic factors (for example, fluctuations in 
the price of oil and gas, inflation rates and expectations, and interest rate developments), geopolitical events 
(including the Russian invasion of Ukraine as discussed under "—The DNB Group's business, financial 
condition and results of operations may be adversely affected by the Russian invasion of Ukraine and other 
geopolitical risks" below) and political events, including trade policy disagreements, for example, between 
the United States and China, which have a negative impact on the global financial markets.  
Mainland Gross Domestic Product (“GDP”) in Norway is estimated to have grown by 3.7 per cent. in 2023 
(Source: Norges Bank, 14 December 2023). Estimated GDP for 2023 and the coming years is uncertain,

--- Page 30 ---
15 
however recent estimates from Norges Bank suggest growth of 0.1 per cent. in 2023, growth of 0.1 per 
cent. in 2024, growth of 1.2 per cent. in 2025 and growth of 1.5 per cent. in 2026 (Source: Norges Bank, 
14 December 2023). In its World Economic Outlook, the International Monetary Fund ("IMF") notes that 
global economic growth is projected to come in at 3.1 per cent. in 2023, remain at 3.1 per cent. in 2024 and 
increase to 3.2 per cent. in 2025. The forecast for 2024-2025 is, however, below the historical average of 
3.8 per cent. (between 2000 and 2019), with elevated central bank policy rates to fight inflation, a 
withdrawal of fiscal support amid high debt weighing on economic activity, and low underlying 
productivity growth. (Source: The World Economic Outlook: Navigating Global Divergences, January 
2024, The IMF, 30 January 2024). 
Rising inflation has become a significant issue, both in Norway and globally. In January 2024, the twelve-
month inflation rate in Norway was 4.7 per cent. (Source: Statistics Norway, 9 February 2024). The main 
driver of inflation was the increase in the prices of food and entertainment. The twelve-month core inflation 
rate in Norway (i.e. inflation adjusted for tax changes and excluding electricity and fuel) was 5.3 per cent. 
in January 2024. Continued high inflation may trigger faster and higher interest rate hikes from Norges 
Bank than those that Norges Bank implemented in 2022 and in 2023 and may delay potential rate cuts. This 
may have a detrimental effect on the growth of the Norwegian economy and, in turn, on the DNB Group's 
customers. Thus, higher inflation rates may create a risk that real income for households in Norway could 
decrease in 2024. This may have an adverse effect on the DNB Group's retail customers which could, in 
turn, adversely affect the DNB Group's business and results of operations. Higher wages as a result of 
higher inflation will also lead to higher nominal costs for the DNB Group.  
Oil and gas industry 
In particular, the state of the Norwegian economy depends on the performance of the oil and gas industry. 
The outbreak of COVID-19 and the consequent significant decrease in demand for oil, coupled with the 
decision of the Organization of the Petroleum Exporting Countries ("OPEC") to remove all limits on oil 
production in March 2020, caused a sharp drop in oil prices in the first half of 2020. The OPEC+ countries 
subsequently reached an agreement in relation to production volumes which over time and coupled with 
relaxations of the COVID-19 measures imposed, helped to bring prices back to more normal levels in 2022. 
Crude oil prices increased in the first quarter of 2022 due to OPEC production agreements, economic 
recovery and as a result of the conflict between Russia and Ukraine with Brent crude oil prices increasing 
to U.S.$139.13 per barrel on 7 March 2022, the highest level in almost 14 years. While crude oil prices 
remained high through the second quarter of 2022, they declined in the third and fourth quarters of 2022, 
as Russia's oil production proved resilient despite sanctions.  
Despite better-than-expected oil demand growth in 2023, combined with continued OPEC+ production 
cuts, Brent crude oil prices declined to approximately U.S.$72 per barrel in mid-June 2023 as global oil 
supply was higher than expected, with oil production from countries like the U.S., Iran and Brazil 
outperforming expectations. After increasing to a high of approximately U.S.$96 per barrel at the end of 
September 2023, oil prices declined to around U.S.$78 per barrel at the end of 2023. As a result, OPEC+ 
increased its production cuts for the first quarter of 2024 at the OPEC+ meeting in late November 2023. If 
OPEC were to introduce further production cuts or to change their strategy from price-focused to volume-
focused, this could result in a material decline in oil prices. Furthermore, escalating geopolitical risks, 
particularly in the Middle East, also pose a potential threat to global oil supply.  
European natural gas prices also experienced unprecedented volatility in 2022, particularly as a result of 
the conflict between Russia and Ukraine. Gas prices increased in the first half of 2022, with prices reaching 
historic highs in August 2022. Since then, European gas prices have been declining. The combination of 
record high LNG imports to Europe and decreased demand has more than balanced the European gas 
market, and pushed gas inventories to record high seasonal levels.  
The global LNG market is expected to remain relatively tight in 2024, but significant supply additions are 
expected for the 2025-2030 period, primarily driven by expanding U.S. and Qatar LNG export capacity.

--- Page 31 ---
16 
As a result, there is a significant risk of the global LNG balance moving from tightness to oversupply over 
the next five years. 
With the loss of Russian gas import volumes, the European gas market has become highly dependent on 
sourcing a significant share of its gas imports from the global LNG market. Consequently, European gas 
prices are strongly interlinked with the global LNG market, which is at risk of moving from tightness to 
oversupply within the next five years. 
There can be no assurance that oil and gas prices will not decrease further or remain volatile, particularly 
if production output levels are further modified or demand decreases. As a result, the level of oil and gas 
investments is highly uncertain, thereby directly impacting the operations and profitability of the DNB 
Group's clients in the oil, gas and offshore industry, which, as of 31 December 2023, accounted for 
approximately 3.1 per cent. of total exposure at default (excluding credit institutions) for the DNB Group. 
Investments in oil and gas in Norway dropped by an estimated 7.2 per cent. in 2022, and subsequently 
increased by an estimated 8.2 per cent in 2023 (Source: Norges Bank, 14 December 2023). Norges Bank 
has estimated that there will be a 7.0 per cent. increase in 2024, a 1.0 per cent. decline in 2025, and a 2.0 
per cent. decline in 2026 (Source: Norges Bank, 14 December 2023).  Significant reductions and/or 
volatility in oil and gas prices could have a significant impact on oil and gas investments in 2024 and 
beyond. Low oil and gas prices, high volatility in oil and gas prices and reduced oil and gas-related 
investments would likely have a material adverse effect on the Norwegian economy and the DNB Group's 
customers. 
Housing sector 
Due to the outbreak of COVID-19 and lower levels of activity as a result of efforts to contain the outbreak, 
housing prices dropped by 1.4 per cent. from February 2020 to March 2020. Housing prices increased 
sharply thereafter, with an 11.3 per cent. increase for the twelve-month period ending 31 May 2021. 
Housing prices reached an all-time high in May 2023. Since May 2023, housing prices have dropped by 
2.8 per cent. (Source: Housing prices statistics, Real Estate Norway, 5 February 2024). The growth 
particularly in the first five months of 2023 was evidence of strong household economies, but was also a 
result of a lower supply of new buildings and less strict lending regulations (see the section “Lending 
regulation” under “Risks Related to the Legal and Regulatory Environments in which the DNB Group 
Operates”). The second half of 2023 observered a drop in housing prices, however in January 2024 housing 
prices rose 3.4 per cent. (Source: Housing prices statistics, Real Estate Norway, 5 February 2024), 
reflecting that household income is still relatively robust. Higher key policy rates, combined with higher 
inflation, slower growth in household incomes and higher future demand of new buildings suggest a high 
degree of uncertainty regarding further developments in housing prices and a drop in housing prices may 
occur. Stricter regulation of home mortgages may also continue to dampen housing price growth. 
Historically low interest rates that prevailed until mid-2022 have resulted in a further build-up of household 
debt, increasing the risk of a bubble in the housing market. Any further correction in housing prices, if 
accompanied by weakened economic conditions and/or higher unemployment, could have a material 
adverse effect on the Norwegian economy and on the DNB Group's financial condition. 
Household debt ratios in Norway are high, both historically and compared with other countries. Such high 
household debt levels increase the risk that households will reduce consumption in response to a substantial 
decrease in housing prices or a pronounced increase in interest rates. An abrupt decrease in household 
consumption could lead to reduced corporate earnings and debt-servicing capacity, which could result in 
higher losses on the DNB Group's corporate loans. 
Unemployment 
The unemployment rate in Norway has been at a historically low level in a European context. Due to the 
outbreak of COVID-19, the unemployment rate increased significantly in the second quarter of 2020, but 
has since decreased. As at 31 December 2023, the registered unemployment rate was 1.9 per cent. (Source:

--- Page 32 ---
17 
Labour and Welfare agency, 12 January 2024). The registered unemployment rate is expected to be 1.8 per 
cent. as at 31 December 2023, 2.1 per cent. as at 31 December 2024 and 2.3 per cent. as at 31 December 
2025 (Source: Norges Bank, 14 December 2023).  Although it is not possible to accurately predict the 
unemployment rate in future periods, a persistent lower or volatile oil price environment together with any 
further waves of infection and/or new variants of COVID-19 or macroeconomic consequences from either 
the Russian invasion of Ukraine and related economic sanctions or general financial instability could have 
a material adverse effect on the unemployment rate in Norway. 
Any or all of the conditions described above could have a material adverse effect on the DNB Group's 
business, financial condition and results of operations, and measures implemented by the DNB Group might 
not be adequate to reduce any credit, market and liquidity risks. 
The DNB Group’s business, financial condition and results of operations may be adversely affected by 
the Russian invasion of Ukraine and other geopolitical risks. 
The geopolitical tension between Russia and Ukraine increased in 2021 as Russian military activity in the 
region increased and Russia demanded guarantees that the North Atlantic Treaty Organization (“NATO”) 
should not be expanded. As a result, several NATO countries have increased military troops in the eastern 
parts of Europe. On 24 February 2022, Russia launched a large-scale invasion of Ukraine. This conflict has 
impacted and is expected to continue to impact energy prices and energy supply in Europe, which is largely 
dependent on Russian natural gas and on crude oil. In addition, NATO and other countries have 
implemented unprecedented economic and other sanctions against Russia in response to the invasion of 
Ukraine. Examples of such sanctions include a prohibition on doing business with certain Russian 
companies, large financial institutions, officials and oligarchs and a commitment by certain countries and 
the European Union (“EU”) to remove selected Russian banks from the Society for Worldwide Interbank 
Financial Telecommunications (“SWIFT”), the electronic banking network that connects banks globally. 
Many Western companies have also announced the cessation of their Russian businesses and/or their 
unwillingness to retain interests in Russian assets or to continue dealings with Russian or related 
counterparties, even where such action is not required by current sanction regimes. The scope and scale of 
such economic sanctions and voluntary actions by companies remain subject to rapid and unpredictable 
change and may have considerable negative impacts on global macroeconomic conditions and on European 
economies and counterparties. Moreover, existing concerns about market volatility, rising commodity 
prices, disruptions to supply chains, high rates of inflation and the risk of regional or global recessions or 
“stagflation” (i.e., recession or reduced rates of economic growth coupled with high rates of inflation) have 
been exacerbated by Russia’s invasion of Ukraine. Any of the above factors may have a material adverse 
effect on the Norwegian economy, the DNB Group’s customers and the DNB Group’s business, financial 
condition and results of operations. 
At present, it is difficult to ascertain how long the war between Russia and Ukraine may last, or how severe 
its impacts may become. If the conflict is prolonged, escalates or expands (including if additional countries 
become involved), or if additional economic sanctions or other measures are imposed, or if volatility in 
commodity prices or disruptions to supply chains worsen, regional and global macroeconomic conditions 
and financial markets could be impacted more severely, which in turn could have a more severe effect on 
the Norwegian economy, the DNB Group’s customers and the DNB Group’s business, financial condition 
and results of operations.  
Deteriorating trade relations or other geopolitical events, such as the conflict between Israel and Hamas 
could result in volatility in oil prices and in turn negatively impact the global economy. In turn, sluggish 
global growth and declining world trade could have a dampening impact on Norwegian export industries 
and the Norwegian shipping industry. 
As a result of the various global macroeconomic trends, such as recession or reduced rates of growth, the 
DNB Group may experience reductions in business activity, increased funding costs, decreased liquidity, 
decreased access to the wholesale funding markets, decreased asset values, additional credit impairment

--- Page 33 ---
18 
losses and lower profitability and revenues, which could have a material adverse effect on the DNB Group’s 
business, financial condition and results of operations. 
The consequences of the outbreak of COVID-19 (and possibly other contagious diseases) have had, and 
may continue to have, an adverse impact on the DNB Group.  
The outbreak of a novel strain of coronavirus, COVID-19, had a significant adverse impact on global 
macroeconomic conditions, financial and commodities markets and the economic environments in which 
the DNB Group operates, including in Norway, throughout 2020, 2021 and parts of early 2022. Global 
GDP contracted for 2020 in response to the economic slowdown caused by the spread of COVID-19 (see 
also “—The DNB Group’s business, financial condition and results of operations may be adversely affected 
by the Russian invasion of Ukraine and other geopolitical risks” above).  
If the COVID-19 pandemic should worsen again, or there are further significant outbreaks of the pandemic, 
or other diseases emerge that give rise to similar effects, this could have a further adverse impact on the 
global economy, the Norwegian economy and/or the DNB Group's business, results of operations and/or 
its prospects. Impacts to the DNB Group could include: (i) volatility in the financial markets in which it 
operates (which has in the past had adverse effects on consumer confidence and consumption levels, both 
in industrial and retail segments in the countries in which the DNB Group operates), (ii) volatility in oil and 
gas prices, (iii) impacts to the operations of the DNB Group's counterparties, who may as a result default 
on their obligations due to the DNB Group (such as repayments) and (iv) impacts to the DNB Group's 
ability to conduct its business. As a result of the foregoing factors, further outbreaks and/or mutations of 
the COVID-19 virus and/or outbreaks of any other contagious diseases, including consequences of 
government actions intended to counter the effects of such outbreaks, may have a material adverse effect 
on the DNB Group's business, loan portfolio, financial condition (including capital and liquidity), results 
of operations and prospects.  
The DNB Group’s customers are affected by developments in trading partner nations. 
Although Norway is not a member of the EU, economic developments within the EU significantly affect 
Norway and the DNB Group as the EU is one of Norway’s principal trading partners and Norway is a 
member of the broader EEA. Economic conditions in the EU were materially adversely affected by the 
COVID-19 pandemic during 2020 and 2021 and have been and may continue to be adversely affected by 
the macroeconomic consequences from the Russian invasion of Ukraine and related economic sanctions. 
In addition, EU member states and public finances in Europe face many challenges, including those related 
to demographic and political trends.  
Adverse economic developments have affected the DNB Group’s business in a number of ways, and such 
developments may continue to affect, among other things, the income, wealth, liquidity, businesses and/or 
financial condition of the DNB Group’s customers, which, in turn, could reduce the credit quality of the 
DNB Group’s loan (including mortgage loan) portfolio and demand for the DNB Group’s financial products 
and services. See “—Risks Related to the DNB Group’s Loan Portfolio—The DNB Group is exposed to the 
risk of material deterioration in the quality of its loan portfolio and resulting impairments.” 
Any or all of the conditions described above may have a material adverse effect on the DNB Group’s 
business, financial condition and results of operations, and measures implemented by the DNB Group might 
not be adequate to reduce any credit, market and liquidity risks.  
Risks Related to the DNB Group’s Loan Portfolio 
The DNB Group’s business is significantly affected by credit risk. 
The DNB Group is subject to credit risk, or the risk that the DNB Group’s borrowers and other 
counterparties are unable to fulfil their payment obligations. Adverse changes in the credit quality of the

--- Page 34 ---
19 
DNB Group’s borrowers or counterparties or a general deterioration in Norwegian, U.S., European or 
global economic conditions, or adverse changes arising from systemic risk in the global financial system, 
could affect the recoverability and value of the DNB Group’s assets and require an increase in the DNB 
Group’s impairments. Any significant increase in the DNB Group’s credit risk may have a material adverse 
effect on its results of operations, financial condition or prospects. 
The DNB Group is exposed to the risk of material deterioration in the quality of its loan portfolio and 
resulting impairments. 
The DNB Group recognises impairments of its loans and guarantees in accordance with IFRS. However, 
the impairments made are based on available information, estimates and assumptions and are subject to 
uncertainty, and there can be no assurance that they will be sufficient to cover the amount of actual losses 
as they occur. For the year ended 31 December 2022, the DNB Group recorded NOK 272 million in net 
reversals of impairments, mainly due to net reversals in the oil, gas and offshore industry segment, which 
were partly offset by impairments in the personal customers segment and other industry segments, as 
compared to net reversals of impairments of NOK 868 million in the year ended 31 December 2021, which 
were largely influenced by the COVID-19 vaccine roll-out and lifting of lockdown restrictions in 2021. For 
the twelve months ended 31 December 2023, there were net impairment provisions of NOK 2,649 million, 
compared with net reversals of NOK 272 million for the twelve months ended 31 December 2022. The 
impairment provisions in the personal customers segment were observed in stage three, mainly within 
consumer finance. The impairment provisions for the corporate industry segments were observed in all 
three stages, and includes impairments related to a legacy portfolio in Poland and to negative development 
for specific customers within various industry segments. Further adverse changes in the credit quality of 
the DNB Group’s borrowers and counterparties or a decline in collateral values would likely require an 
increase in impairments, which in turn would adversely affect the DNB Group’s financial performance.  
Further, actual loan losses and losses on other commitments vary over the business cycle. A significant 
increase in the size of the DNB Group’s impairments, or write-offs of loans and guarantees not covered by 
impairments, would have a material adverse effect on the DNB Group’s business, financial condition and 
results of operations. 
Commercial real estate 
As of 31 December 2023, the DNB Group's loans and commitments within commercial real estate  
represented 10.3 per cent. of total exposure at default. Net impairment provisions amounted to NOK 241 
million in this segment for the twelve months ended 31 December 2023, compared to net impairment 
provisions of NOK 212 million in the corresponding period in 2022. 
The low interest rate environment in the aftermath of the global financial crisis, and particularly during the 
COVID-19 pandemic, resulted in somewhat compressed yields in commercial real estate assets. Norges 
Bank increased interest rates from 0 per cent. in March 2020 to 4.5 per cent. at the date of this Base 
Prospectus. See “—Negative economic developments and conditions in Norway and the markets in which 
the DNB Group operates may adversely affect the DNB Group’s business and results of operations and are 
likely to continue to do so if those conditions persist or recur”. This development has led to widening yields 
for commercial real estate assets. As uncertainty persists, sellers’ and buyers’ demands differ, resulting in 
decreased transaction volumes in the commercial real estate markets. This development is likely to 
continue. Lower investment volumes could lead to increased exit risk for commercial real estate investors 
and banks. Furthermore, increased interest rates may lead to lower debt service capacity of financed 
properties, higher refinancing risks and consequently increased credit spreads. At the same time, 
refinancing costs have increased for banks, adding further pressure on refinancing costs for real estate 
investors, both of which may lead to continuous negative cost effects. This could lead to significant 
reductions of market values of real estate assets and consequently negative impacts on their credit quality. 
This could, in turn, lead to an increase in impairments on losses experienced by the DNB Group on its 
commercial real estate loan portfolio.

--- Page 35 ---
20 
Oil-related exposures 
As at 31 December 2023, the DNB Group’s oil, gas and offshore portfolios together represented 
approximately 3.1 per cent. of total exposure at default (excluding credit institutions). Oil prices were  
volatile in 2021, 2022, and the first three months of 2023 driven by uncertain supply dynamics between 
members of OPEC and certain non-OPEC oil-producing countries, the decrease in global demand as a result 
of the COVID-19 pandemic and the effects of the conflict between Russia and Ukraine. See “—The DNB 
Group’s business, financial condition and results of operations may be adversely affected by the Russian 
invasion of Ukraine and other geopolitical risks” above. Increasing oil and gas prices, combined with 
improved macroeconomic prospects throughout 2021, enabled restructuring for customers and the reversal 
of impairment provisions. While crude oil prices increased in the first quarter of 2022 and remained high 
in the second quarter of 2022 due to OPEC production agreements, economic recovery and as a result of 
the conflict between Russia and Ukraine, they declined in the second and third quarters of 2022. Although 
oil prices decreased in the first half of 2023 due to weaker global economic growth, they have increased in 
the second half of 2023 because of expectations of reduced supply, triggered by the decision of Saudi Arabia 
and Russia in early September 2023 to extend voluntary production cuts of a combined 1.3 million barrels 
per day until the end of 2023. There can be no assurance that prices will not decrease further or remain 
volatile, particularly if production output levels are further modified or demand decreases. Developments 
in oil prices will continue to impact the oil-related industry, and reduced oil prices (and forecasts) could 
result in a material adverse effect on the cash flows of the companies operating in this industry, leading to 
a potentially significant impact on oil, gas and offshore companies’ profitability, and consequently on their 
respective credit quality. This could, in turn, lead to an increase in impairments on losses experienced by 
the DNB Group on its oil-related loan portfolio.  
Personal customers, including mortgage lending 
A substantial part of the DNB Group’s exposure at default relates to mortgage lending to personal 
customers. Exposure at default for loans and financial commitments to personal customers represented 49.8 
per cent. of total exposure at default as of 31 December 2023, of which 44.7 per cent. of total exposure at 
default represents mortgage loans. The personal customers industry segment saw impairment provisions of 
NOK 276 million for the twelve months ended 31 December 2023, compared to impairment provisions of 
NOK 413 million in the corresponding period in 2022.  
Housing prices have declined by 2.8 per cent. from an all-time high in May 2023. See “—Risks related to 
macroeconomic conditions – Housing sector”. Even though it is likely that there will be a further decline 
in housing prices in the start of 2024, Norges Bank estimates that housing prices will increase by 1.0 per 
cent. in 2024, 5.1 per cent. in 2025 and 6.5 per cent. in 2026 (Source: Norges Bank, 14 December 2023). 
These estimates are, however, uncertain. 
A decline in the value of retail real estate, whether as a result of developments in the broader economy 
and/or a reduction in the availability of credit or otherwise, could reduce the value of the collateral for these 
loans significantly and, if accompanied by weakened economic conditions and/or higher unemployment, 
could have a material adverse effect on the quality of the DNB Group’s retail real estate loans. Further, a 
general decline in the Norwegian economy could result in bankruptcies and lay-offs, which in turn could 
lead to a material increase in impairments recorded by the DNB Group on its loan portfolio within this 
sector.  
The shipping industry 
As of 31 December 2023, loans to customers in the shipping sector represented approximately 1.9 per cent. 
of total exposure at default for the DNB Group. The DNB Group is a leading arranger of finance as well as 
supplier of credit to the shipping industry. The shipping industry is driven, among other things, by world 
economic growth and growth in international trade. A downturn in the global economy has historically 
negatively impacted world trade, and this in turn resulted in a decrease in freight volumes and rates in the

--- Page 36 ---
21 
shipping industry, and a corresponding decrease in the revenues and values that serve as collateral for 
lenders in the shipping industry. Any of these adverse effects could have a significant impact on shipping 
companies’ profitability and consequently on their credit quality, and, as a result, lead to an increase in 
impairments and losses experienced by the DNB Group on its loan portfolio within this sector. Though the 
DNB Group bases its internal credit analysis of the shipping industry on conservative expected rate 
estimates, actual rates for the DNB Group’s shipping segments have historically been volatile and could be 
lower than expected. Due to the nature of the supply side the shipping sector is generally cyclical and 
consists of several sub-segments, currently at different places in the cycle. 
Counterparty defaults could have a material adverse effect on the DNB Group. 
The DNB Group routinely executes transactions with counterparties in the financial services industry, 
including brokers and dealers, commercial banks, investment banks, funds and other institutional and 
corporate customers. Many of these transactions expose the DNB Group to the risk that its counterparty in 
a foreign exchange, interest rate, commodity, equity or credit derivative contract will default on its 
obligations prior to maturity when the DNB Group has an outstanding claim against that counterparty.  
Towards the end of 2021, energy markets experienced significant volatility, followed by further disruption 
due to Russia’s invasion of Ukraine. Commodity markets remained extremely volatile through 2022, which 
had a particularly strong impact on gas prices. This led to fluctuations in the Bank’s derivative exposure 
throughout the year. As clients who are involved in energy production hedge parts of their production 
against falling prices, their hedge contracts increase in value from DNB’s point of view when the price 
increases, thus increasing the exposure at default. Further, in the spring of 2023, the banking sector in the 
United States and globally came under pressure following the bank failures of certain regional banks in the 
United States and the takeover of Credit Suisse Group AG by UBS Group AG in a government-brokered 
transaction (and the losses incurred by Credit Suisse investors). 
Volatility in the financial sector or changes to the financial condition of financial services counterparties 
may have an adverse effect on the DNB Group.  This counterparty risk may also be exacerbated when the 
collateral held by the DNB Group cannot be realised, or is liquidated at prices insufficient to recover the 
full amount of counterparty exposure. As a consequence of its transactions in financial instruments, 
including foreign exchange rate and derivative contracts, the DNB Group is also exposed to settlement risk 
and transfer risk. Settlement risk is the risk of losing the principal on a financial contract due to default by 
the counterparty or after the DNB Group has given irrevocable instructions for a transfer of a principal 
amount or security, but before receipt of the corresponding payment or security has been finally confirmed. 
Transfer risk is the risk attributable to the transfer of money from a country other than the country where a 
borrower is domiciled, which is affected by the changes in the economic conditions and political situation 
in the relevant countries. Any of the foregoing could have a material adverse effect on the DNB Group’s 
business, financial condition and results of operations. 
The DNB Group is exposed to sectoral and individual borrower credit concentration risks. 
The DNB Group has significant credit exposure to certain sectors, with the largest sector being personal 
customers (primarily residential mortgages), followed to a lesser extent by commercial real estate, oil, gas 
and offshore. In the event that any of these sectors experiences increasingly difficult business or operating 
conditions, it could have a material impact on the DNB Group’s asset quality and results of operations, 
financial condition or prospects. 
In addition, the DNB Group has significant credit exposure to certain individual borrowers. In the event 
that any of these borrowers experiences increasingly difficult business or operating conditions, it could 
have a material impact on the DNB Group’s results of operations.

--- Page 37 ---
22 
Risks Related to Market Exposure 
The DNB Group’s business is sensitive to volatility in interest rates and to changes in the competitive 
environment affecting spreads on its lending and deposits. 
Changes in interest rate levels, yield curves and spreads affect the DNB Group’s lending and deposit 
spreads. The DNB Group is exposed to changes in the spread between the interest rates payable by it on 
deposits or its wholesale funding costs, and the interest rates that it charges on loans to customers and other 
banks. Although both the interest rates payable by DNB Group on deposits, as well as the interest rates that 
it is able to charge on loans to customers and credit institutions, are in each case mainly floating rates or 
swapped into floating rates, there is a risk that the DNB Group will not be able to re-price its floating rate 
assets and liabilities at the same time, giving rise to re-pricing gaps in the short or medium term. If 
applicable interest rates on deposits are close to zero, which was the case in recent years, it may not be 
possible in the future to offset in full or in part a decrease in interest rates on loans to customers by a 
corresponding decrease in interest rates on deposits and/or wholesale funding.  
Interest rates are sensitive to several factors that are out of the DNB Group’s control, including fiscal and 
monetary policies of governments and central banks, as well as domestic and international political 
conditions. These conditions are subject to significant volatility and uncertainty as a result of the unwinding 
of governmental measures implemented to mitigate adverse economic and monetary effects of the COVID-
19 pandemic and tightening of monetary policies in response to increases in inflation rates in Norway, 
Europe and the U.S. As of the date of this Base Prospectus, the key policy rate is at 4.5 per cent. The most 
recent rate path from Norges Bank suggests that the policy rate is expected to remain at this level until the 
third quarter of 2024, whereafter it will be gradually reduced in last quarter of 2024, and further in 2025 
and 2026, to about 3.0 per cent. (Source: Norges Bank, 14 December 2023). 
An increase in interest rates could reduce the demand for credit, as well as contribute to an increase in 
defaults by the DNB Group's customers. Conversely, a reduction in the level of interest rates may adversely 
affect the DNB Group through, among other things, a decrease in demand for deposits and an increase in 
competition in deposit-taking and lending to customers. As a result of these factors, significant changes or 
volatility in the interest rates could have a material adverse impact on the business, financial condition or 
results of operations of the DNB Group.  
Although the DNB Group regularly measures and monitors these and other market risks, it is difficult to 
predict changes in economic or market conditions and to anticipate the effects that such changes could have 
on the DNB Group's financial performance and results of operations. While the DNB Group undertakes 
hedging operations in order to reduce its exposure to interest rate risk, it does not hedge all its risk exposure 
and there can be no assurance that its hedging strategies will be successful. If the DNB Group is unable to 
adjust the interest rate payable on deposits in line with the changes in market interest rates receivable by it 
on loans, or if the DNB Group's monitoring procedures are unable to manage adequately the interest rate 
risk, its interest income could rise less or decline more than its interest expense, in which case the DNB 
Group's results of operations and financial condition or prospects could be negatively affected. 
The DNB Group is exposed to foreign exchange rate risk and the risk of devaluation or depreciation of 
any of the currencies in which it operates. 
Changes in exchange rates, particularly in the NOK/USD and NOK/EUR exchange rates, affect the value 
of assets and liabilities denominated in foreign currencies, and may affect income from foreign exchange 
lending and trading.  
In 2023, the positive impact of exchange rates on additional tier 1 capital totalled NOK 332 million, 
compared with positive effects of exchange rates on additional tier 1 capital totalling NOK 794 million for 
2022. The DNB Group's reporting currency is the Norwegian kroner. However, a substantial portion of its 
assets and liabilities are denominated in currencies other than the Norwegian kroner, giving rise to

--- Page 38 ---
23 
translation risk. Balance sheet items, including monetary assets and liabilities, of foreign branches and 
subsidiaries in currencies other than the NOK are translated into Norwegian kroner according to exchange 
rates prevailing on the balance sheet date, while profit and loss items are translated according to exchanges 
rates on the transaction date. Changes in net assets resulting from exchange rate movements are recognised 
in the income statement. A devaluation or depreciation of any such other currency in which the DNB Group 
operates or in which it has credit exposures may result in significant losses for the DNB Group. In addition, 
a depreciation of the NOK against other currencies in which loans are made to customers would result in 
an increase in the DNB Group's loan portfolio, which would result in an increase in risk-weighted assets 
and have a negative impact on capital ratios. The DNB Group seeks to hedge foreign exchange risk by 
trying to match the currency of its assets with the currency of the liabilities that fund them. However, there 
can be no assurance that these hedging activities will be effective in part or in full, and hedge counterparties 
are subject to credit risk.  
In the twelve months ended 31 December 2023, the average USD/NOK rate and EUR/NOK rate was 
10.5647 and 11.4206, respectively. In 2022, the average USD/NOK rate and EUR/NOK rate was 9.6245 
and 10.140, respectively. The end of year USD/NOK rate was 8.5326 for 2020, 8.8194 for 2021 and 9.8573 
for 2022. The end of year EUR/NOK rate was 10.4703 for 2020, 10.0085 for 2021 and 10.5138 for 2022. 
As of 30 January 2024, the USD/NOK rate was 10.4539 and the EUR/NOK rate was 11.3383. 
The DNB Group is exposed to market risk. 
Market risk is the risk of losses due to unhedged positions in the foreign exchange, interest rate, commodity 
and equity markets. The risk reflects potential fluctuations in profits due to volatility in market prices or 
exchange rates. Market risk occurs in several segments of DNB and includes both risk which arises through 
ordinary trading activities and risks that arise as part of banking activities and other business operations.  
The most significant market risk factors are interest rate risk, credit spread risk arising in the bond portfolios 
and basis swap spread risk from the hedging of currency risk in connection with funding in foreign 
currencies. The fair value of financial instruments held by the DNB Group, including bonds (government, 
corporate and mortgage), equities, cash in various currencies, investments in private equity, hedge and 
credit funds, commodities and derivatives (including credit derivatives), is sensitive to volatility of and 
correlations between various market variables, including interest rates, credit spreads, equity prices and 
foreign exchange rates. These variables may also be more volatile in times of market stress and concerns 
regarding the financial condition of financial services participants. To the extent that volatile market 
conditions occur, the fair value of the DNB Group’s bond, equity and derivative portfolios, as well as other 
classes of assets, could decrease, and therefore cause the DNB Group to record mark-to-market losses. 
Future valuations of the assets for which the DNB Group has already recorded or estimated mark-to-market 
losses, which will reflect the then-prevailing market conditions, may result in significant changes in the fair 
values of these assets. Further, certain financial instruments are recorded at fair value, which is determined 
by using financial models incorporating assumptions, judgments and estimations that are inherently 
uncertain and which may change over time or may ultimately be inaccurate. Any of these factors could 
require the DNB Group to recognise further mark-to-market losses, which could have a material adverse 
effect on the DNB Group’s business, financial condition and results of operations. In addition, because the 
DNB Group’s trading and investment income depends to a great extent on the performance of financial 
markets, volatile market conditions could result in a significant decline in the DNB Group’s trading and 
investment income, or result in a trading loss, which in turn could have a material adverse effect on the 
DNB Group’s business, financial condition and results of operations. 
Moreover, due to continued illiquid markets for certain asset classes, the fair value of certain of the DNB 
Group’s exposures could prove difficult to estimate. Valuations in future periods, reflecting then-prevailing 
market conditions, may result in significant changes in the fair values of the DNB Group’s exposure, even 
in respect of exposures such as credit market exposures, for which the DNB Group has previously recorded 
valuation losses. In addition, the values of financial instruments are subject to uncertainty as they are based 
on estimates, assumptions and available information. As a result, estimates of fair value may differ

--- Page 39 ---
24 
materially both from estimates made by other financial institutions and from the values that would have 
been used if a market for these assets had been readily available. Thus, the value ultimately realised by the 
DNB Group may be materially different from the current or estimated fair value. Any such difference could 
have a material adverse effect on the financial condition and/or liquidity of the DNB Group.  
The DNB Group uses fair value hedging to manage interest rate risk on long-term borrowings. In dislocated 
markets, hedging and other risk management strategies have proven not to be as effective as they are under 
normal market conditions due in part to the decreasing credit quality of hedge counterparties. Any 
deterioration in financial market conditions could lead to impairment charges and further mark-downs, and 
an illiquid market for financial instruments could cause spreads to widen, adversely affecting the pricing of 
financial instruments. 
The DNB Group has implemented risk management methods to mitigate and control these and other market 
risks to which it is exposed and exposures are constantly measured and monitored. However, it is difficult 
to predict changes in economic or market conditions and to anticipate the effects that such changes could 
have on the DNB Group’s financial performance and business operations.  
Risks Related to Liquidity and Funding 
Liquidity risk is inherent in the DNB Group’s operations; this risk may be exacerbated by current 
conditions in the global financial markets. 
The DNB Group is dependent on access to sufficient liquidity on acceptable terms in order to be able to 
meet its obligations as they fall due. This liquidity risk is inherent in banking operations and can be 
heightened by a number of enterprise-specific factors, including over-reliance on wholesale funding, 
changes in credit ratings or market-wide phenomena such as market dislocation or market volatility 
generally, monetary policy actions by central banks, and volatility in interest rates, credit spreads and/or 
currency exchange rates. 
The DNB Group is dependent on sufficient funding in order to carry out its lending business. The Bank’s 
funding requirements are, as for most commercial banks, largely covered through customer deposits. The 
DNB Group's ratio of deposits to net loans (based on personal and corporate customer segments and 
excluding eliminations) was 74.9 per cent. at 31 December 2023, 75.1 per cent. at 31 December 2022 and 
75.8 per cent. at 31 December 2021.  Deposits are subject to fluctuation due to certain factors outside the 
DNB Group’s control, such as competitive pressures, loss of customer confidence, depositors’ concerns 
relating to the economy in general, the financial services industry or the DNB Group specifically, ratings 
downgrades, further deterioration in economic conditions and the existence and extent of deposit guarantees 
which, under Norwegian law, currently apply to deposits up to NOK 2 million. The Norwegian government 
has stated that it will try to maintain the limit of NOK 2 million and is still in discussions with the EU in 
this regard.  Any future decrease in the deposit guarantee limit following these discussions may have an 
adverse effect on the availability of deposits in the Norwegian banking sector, including for the Bank. Any 
of these factors on their own or in combination could lead to a reduction in the DNB Group’s ability to 
access customer deposit funding on acceptable terms in the future and to sustained deposit outflows within 
a short period of time, both of which would have a negative impact on the DNB Group’s ability to fund its 
operations and meet its minimum liquidity requirements. In addition, any uncertainty regarding the DNB 
Group’s financial position may lead to withdrawals of deposits, resulting in a funding deficit for the DNB 
Group.  
A substantial part of the DNB Group’s liquidity and funding requirements is also met through ongoing 
access to wholesale lending markets, including issuance of long-term debt market instruments such as 
covered bonds. The volume of these funding sources, in particular long-term funding, may be constrained 
during periods of reduced liquidity. Even a perception among market participants that a financial institution 
is experiencing greater liquidity risk can cause significant damage to the institution. Central banks in 
Europe, including in Norway, and in North America tightened monetary policy in 2022 and 2023, reversing

--- Page 40 ---
25 
markedly from the accommodative monetary policies observed in 2020 and 2021. On 14 December 2023, 
Norges Bank increased the policy rate from 4.25 per cent. to 4.5 per cent. and stated the policy rate will 
likely be kept at that level for some time ahead. There can be no assurance that such monetary policies will 
not have a material adverse effect on the DNB Group's access to wholesale lending markets or the pricing 
of such funding.  
The DNB Group’s liquidity could also be impaired by an inability to sell assets or redeem its investments, 
other outflows of cash or deterioration in the value of its collateral. These situations may arise due to 
circumstances that the DNB Group is unable to control, such as continued general market disruption, loss 
in confidence in financial markets, uncertainty and speculation regarding the solvency of market 
participants, credit rating downgrades or operational problems that affect third parties. Although the DNB 
Group expends significant effort in liquidity risk management and focuses on maintaining liquidity surplus 
in the short term, the DNB Group is exposed to the general risk of liquidity shortfalls and cannot ensure 
that the procedures in place to manage such risks will be suitable to eliminate liquidity risk. Turbulence in 
the global financial markets and economy may adversely affect the DNB Group’s liquidity, its ability to 
access capital and liquidity on acceptable financial terms and the willingness of certain counterparties and 
customers to do business with the DNB Group, and the inability of the DNB Group to anticipate and provide 
for unforeseen decreases or changes in funding sources could have a material adverse effect on the DNB 
Group’s business, results of operations, financial condition or prospects. 
Recent adverse developments affecting the banking industry globally, including the failures of Silicon 
Valley Bank, Signature Bank and First Republic Bank in the United States and the forced sale in 
Switzerland of Credit Suisse Group AG and the related write-down of its additional tier 1 capital 
instruments, have resulted in significant volatility in the financial markets. There can be no assurance that 
the banking industry will not be subject to further strain, particularly given that inflation rates remain high, 
economic activity remains somewhat muted and major global central banks are continuing their tightening 
policies. These types of volatile conditions in the global financial markets could have a material adverse 
effect on the DNB Group, including on the DNB Group's ability to access capital and liquidity on financial 
terms acceptable to the DNB Group, if at all. If capital markets financing ceases to become available, or 
becomes excessively expensive, the DNB Group may be forced to raise the rates it pays on deposits to 
attract more customers and become unable to maintain certain liability maturities. Any such increase in 
capital markets funding availability or costs or in deposit rates could have a material adverse effect on the 
DNB Group's interest margins and liquidity and may also impact the DNB Group's ability to retain deposits. 
In addition, changes in investor and customer confidence can affect the DNB Group's ability to access 
capital and liquidity. Turbulence in the global financial markets and economy may adversely affect the 
DNB Group’s liquidity, its ability to access capital and liquidity on financial terms acceptable to it and the 
willingness of certain counterparties and customers to do business with the DNB Group, and the inability 
of the DNB Group to anticipate and provide for unforeseen decreases or changes in funding sources could 
have a material adverse effect on the DNB Group’s business, results of operations, financial condition or 
prospects. 
The DNB Group’s funding costs and its access to the debt capital markets depend significantly on its 
credit ratings. 
The DNB Group's credit ratings are important to its business. As of the date of this Base Prospectus, the 
DNB Group is rated ‘Aa2 (positive outlook)’ by Moody’s and ‘AA- (stable outlook)’ by S&P.  
The DNB Group’s business is also significantly affected by the credit rating of DNB Boligkreditt AS 
(“Boligkreditt”). As of the date of this Base Prospectus, Boligkreditt’s outstanding covered bonds were 
rated ‘Aaa’ by Moody’s and ‘AAA’ by S&P.  There can be no assurance that the rating agencies will not 
downgrade the ratings of the Bank or the ratings of the Bank’s or Boligkreditt’s debt instruments (including 
under the Programme and Notes issued under the Programme) either as a result of the DNB Group’s or 
Boligkreditt’s financial position or changes to applicable rating methodologies used by Moody’s and S&P 
and any other relevant rating agency. A rating agency’s evaluation of the DNB Group or Boligkreditt may

--- Page 41 ---
26 
also be based on a number of factors not entirely within the control of the DNB Group or Boligkreditt, such 
as conditions affecting the financial services industry generally. Any reduction in the Bank’s credit ratings 
or the ratings of its or Boligkreditt’s debt instruments, including on an unsolicited basis, could adversely 
affect the DNB Group’s liquidity and competitive position, undermine confidence in the DNB Group, 
increase its borrowing costs, limit its access to the capital markets, or limit the range of counterparties 
willing to enter into transactions with it. Such development could have a material adverse effect on the 
DNB Group’s business, financial situation, results of operations, liquidity and/or prospects. 
Other Risks Related to the DNB Group’s Business 
The DNB Group is exposed to systemic risk. 
Given the high level of interdependence between financial institutions, the DNB Group is and will continue 
to be subject to the risk of deterioration in the commercial and financial soundness, or perceived soundness, 
of other financial institutions. Within the financial services industry, the default of any one institution could 
lead to defaults by other institutions. Concerns about, or a default by, one institution could lead to significant 
liquidity problems, losses or defaults by other institutions, because the commercial and financial soundness 
of many financial institutions may be closely related as a result of their credit, trading, clearing or other 
relationships. Even the perceived lack of creditworthiness of, or questions about, a counterparty may lead 
to market-wide liquidity problems and losses or defaults by the DNB Group or by other institutions. This 
risk is sometimes referred to as “systemic risk” and may adversely affect financial intermediaries, such as 
clearing agencies, clearing houses, banks, securities firms and exchanges with whom the DNB Group 
interacts on a daily basis. Systemic risk could have a material adverse effect on the DNB Group’s ability to 
raise new funding and on its business, financial condition, results of operations, liquidity and/or prospects. 
The DNB Group is exposed to operational risks, including network interruptions and other failures or 
inadequacies in risk management and internal control procedures. 
The DNB Group’s business is dependent on its ability to process a very large number of transactions 
efficiently and accurately. Operations are carried out through a number of entities and also through internet 
banking platforms. Internet banking is increasingly important to the DNB Group, as its customers shift 
away from branch operations and toward internet banking platforms, including mobile banking. Increased 
digitalisation increases the risk of operational disruptions and cybercrime, which can pose a threat to 
financial stability.  
Operational risk and losses, including monetary damages, reputational damage, increasing regulatory 
scrutiny, costs and direct and indirect financial losses and/or impairments, can result from a variety of 
causes, including inadequacies or failures in internal processes, systems (e.g., information technology 
systems) or licences from external suppliers; fraud or other criminal actions, including identity fraud; 
employee errors; failure of outsourced services; failure to properly document transactions or agreements 
with customers, vendors, sub-contractors, co-operation partners and other third parties, or failure to obtain 
or maintain proper authorisation; customer complaints; failure to comply with regulatory requirements, 
including but not limited to anti-money laundering, data protection and antitrust regulations, or conduct of 
business rules; equipment failures; failure to protect the DNB Group’s assets, including intellectual property 
rights and collateral; natural disasters or the failure of external systems, including those of the DNB Group’s 
suppliers or counterparties; and failure to fulfil the DNB Group’s obligations, contractual or otherwise. In 
particular, the DNB Group and its customers have recently been, and may continue to be, affected by a 
number of serious network problems, including interruptions in network availability, which have adversely 
affected certain of the DNB Group’s internet and mobile banking functions, resulting in intermittent service 
interruptions and adverse media coverage. See also “The DNB Group is increasingly dependent on 
information technology systems, which may fail, may not be adequate to the tasks at hand or may no longer 
be available”.

--- Page 42 ---
27 
Although the DNB Group has implemented risk controls and loss mitigation precautions to address the 
abovementioned risks, among others, and substantial resources are devoted to developing efficient 
procedures and to staff training, it is not possible to implement procedures which are fully effective in 
controlling operational risks. Some of the risk mitigating measures that the DNB Group uses are based on 
historical information and its current policies may not comprehensively address the full impact of the global 
financial crisis or other unforeseen circumstances. As future developments may significantly differ from 
observed historical developments, there is a risk that such measures will be inadequate in predicting future 
risk exposure. Furthermore, risk management methods rely on estimates, assumptions and available 
information that may be incorrect or outdated. Any failure to successfully execute the DNB Group’s 
operational risk management and control policies could have a material adverse effect on the DNB Group’s 
financial condition and results of operations. 
The DNB Group is increasingly dependent on information technology systems, which may fail, may not 
be adequate to the tasks at hand or may no longer be available. 
Banks and their activities are increasingly dependent on highly sophisticated information and 
communication technology (“ICT”) systems, including a significant shift away from physical bank 
branches and towards greater reliance on internet websites and the development and use of new applications 
on smartphones. As noted above, internet banking is increasingly important to the DNB Group, as its 
customers shift away from branch operations and toward internet banking platforms, including mobile 
banking. ICT systems are vulnerable to a number of problems, such as software or hardware malfunctions, 
interruptions in network availability, hacking, human error, physical damage to vital ICT centres and 
computer viruses. Incidents of instability of ICT systems or network unavailability could have an adverse 
effect on the DNB Group’s business. In addition, harmonising ICT systems across the DNB Group to create 
a consistent ICT architecture poses significant challenges. 
ICT systems need regular upgrading to meet the needs of changing business and regulatory requirements 
and to keep pace with possible expansion into new markets and the greater use, development and reliance 
on information and communication technology more broadly. The DNB Group could face situations where 
it is not able to implement necessary upgrades on a timely basis, and upgrades may fail to function as 
planned. In addition to costs that may be incurred as a result of any failure of its ICT systems or technical 
issues associated with, as well as the general cost of, upgrading its ICT systems, the DNB Group could face 
fines from bank regulators if its ICT systems fail to enable it to comply with applicable banking or reporting 
regulations, including data protection regulations.  
The DNB Group maintains back-up systems for its operations that are stored at a secondary data centre. 
However, there are limited scenarios, for example in the event of a major catastrophe resulting in the failure 
of its information systems, which could result in a loss of data. 
The DNB Group is reliant on its outsourcing contracts for the maintenance and operation of its ICT systems. 
Should these companies become unwilling or unable to fulfil their obligations under the relevant 
outsourcing contract, the DNB Group could find the effective functioning of its ICT systems compromised. 
In particular, the DNB Group and its customers have been, and may in the future become, affected by 
network problems, which relate to third-party suppliers, and which have affected and might affect in the 
future certain of the DNB Group’s internet banking and cash machine functions, resulting in service 
interruptions and adverse media coverage. A major disruption to the DNB Group’s ICT systems, whether 
under the scenarios outlined above or under other scenarios, could have a material adverse effect on the 
normal operation of the DNB Group’s business and thus on its financial condition and results of operations. 
Cybercrime 
Similar to all major financial institutions, the DNB Group’s activities have been, and are expected to 
continue to be, subject to an increasing risk of ICT crime in the form of Trojan attacks, phishing, 
ransomware attacks and denial of service attacks, the nature of which is continually evolving. Cybersecurity

--- Page 43 ---
28 
risks are foremost related to the DNB Group’s internet bank users and include potential unauthorised access 
to privileged and sensitive customer information, including internet bank credentials as well as account and 
credit card information. The DNB Group has made investments to address threats from cyber-attacks; 
however, there can be no assurance that these investments will be successful in part or in full, or without 
significant additional expenditures. The DNB Group may experience security breaches or unexpected 
disruptions to its systems and services in the future, which could in turn, result in liabilities or losses to the 
DNB Group, its customers and/or third parties and have an adverse effect on the DNB Group’s business, 
reputation and results of operations.  
Competition in Norway and in the international markets in which the DNB Group operates could have 
a negative effect on the DNB Group’s business. 
The DNB Group faces intense competition in all of its areas of operation (including, among others, 
corporate and retail banking, investment banking and real estate brokering), both in Norway and the 
international markets in which it operates. Competition for customer lending and deposits is affected by 
customer demand, technological changes, the impact of consolidation in the banking industry, regulatory 
actions and other factors. The DNB Group’s competitors are principally commercial banks, savings banks 
and investment banks and include, among others, Nordea, SEB, Danske Bank, Svenska Handelsbanken and 
various Norwegian saving banks. Remaining competitive is also dependent on the DNB Group’s ability to 
anticipate and respond to rapid technological changes and evolving industry standards, and to allocate 
resources to the development of products and services that can be successfully marketed to customers. 
There can be no guarantee that the DNB Group will be able to anticipate and respond to technological 
changes or to successfully introduce new products and services in line with on-going market trends and 
customer demands. The recurrence of a financial crisis could introduce additional competitive challenges, 
as during such crises many national governments seek to provide support in a variety of forms to banks 
organised in their jurisdictions. Depending on the level of government support and the financial strength of 
the banks in question, this support could strengthen the competitive position of these banks and intensify 
the competition faced by the DNB Group. Competition has further increased with the emergence of 
additional distribution channels such as internet and mobile telephone banking, digital banking, payment 
platforms and payment products.  
Further, the emergence of services that facilitate price comparisons of banking services and products, as 
well as making it easier to change banks, promotes competition between financial services providers and 
gives customers better and less costly services. The revised Payment Services Directive, which applied in 
the European Union from 13 January 2018 and was implemented in Norwegian law from 1 April 2019, has 
led to, and is expected by the DNB Group Management to continue to lead to, further innovation, 
competition and development of payment services.  
The following table sets out Norwegian lending and deposit market shares of the Group as of 30 November 
2023, 31 December 2022 and 31 December 2021.  
 
 
As of 
 
30 
November 
2023 
31 
December 
2022 
31 
December 
2021 
 
(per cent.) 
Personal customers  
 
 
 
Total loans to households(1)(2) .............................  
23.5 
24.2 
24.5 
Bank deposits from households(1)(3)....................  
30.3 
31.8 
28.7 
Corporate customers  
 
 
 
Total loans to corporate customers(4) ..................  
12.1 
12.3 
10.8

--- Page 44 ---
29 
 
As of 
 
30 
November 
2023 
31 
December 
2022 
31 
December 
2021 
 
(per cent.) 
Deposits from corporate customers ....................  
35.0 
37.4 
36.7 
Sources: Statistics Norway, DNB 
 
 
Notes: 
(1) 
Households are defined as employees, recipients of property income, pensions and social contributions, 
students etc., housing cooperatives etc., unincorporated enterprises within households and non-profit institutions 
serving households. 
(2) 
Total loans include all credits extended to Norwegian customers by domestic commercial and savings 
banks, state banks, insurance companies and finance companies. 
(3) 
Domestic commercial and savings banks. 
(4) 
Total loans include all credits extended to Norwegian customers by domestic commercial and savings 
banks, state banks, insurance companies, finance companies and foreign institutions, as well as bonds and 
commercial paper. Excluding loans to financial institutions, central government and social security services. 
(5) 
Excluding deposits from financial institutions, central government and social security services. 
If the DNB Group is unable to provide competitive product and service offerings and successfully respond 
to technological developments, it may fail to attract new customers and/or retain existing customers, 
experience decreases in its interest income and fee and commission income, and/or lose market share, the 
occurrence of any of which could have a material adverse effect on its business, financial condition and 
results of operations. Although the DNB Group believes that it is in a strong position to continue to compete 
in the markets in which it operates, there can be no assurance that it will be able to continue to do so. 
The DNB Group could fail to attract or retain suitably qualified senior management or other key 
employees. 
The DNB Group’s performance is, to a large extent, dependent on the talents and efforts of highly skilled 
individuals, and the continued ability of the DNB Group to compete effectively and implement its strategy 
depends on its ability to attract new employees and retain and motivate existing employees. Competition 
from within the financial services industry, including from other financial institutions, as well as from 
businesses outside the financial services industry for key employees is intense. Any loss of the services of 
key employees, particularly to competitors, or the inability to attract and retain highly skilled personnel in 
the future or the need to replace any senior management as a result of failures or perceived failures in 
management of the DNB Group could have an adverse effect on the DNB Group’s business. 
The business operations of DNB Livsforsikring are exposed to significant risks, many of which are 
outside of DNB Livsforsikring’s and the DNB Group’s control. 
The DNB Group is subject to several risks related to the business operations of its wholly-owned subsidiary 
DNB Livsforsikring. DNB Livsforsikring offers life and pension insurance, unit-linked insurance and non-
life insurance. 
The business operations of DNB Livsforsikring are subject to financial risks and insurance risks, as well as 
general operational risks and business risks. Financial risk is the risk that the return on financial assets will 
not be sufficient to meet DNB Livsforsikring’s contractual obligations. Insurance risk relates to changes in 
future insurance payments, mainly due to changes in life expectancy and disability rates. 
The insurance risk in DNB Livsforsikring is in varying degrees divided between policyholders and the 
company. Insurance risk arises when empirical data for mortality, disability and lapse risk deviate from the

--- Page 45 ---
30 
assumptions underlying the calculation base for insurance premiums and provisions. When these 
assumptions overstate DNB Livsforsikring’s contractual obligations, thereby generating a surplus, part of 
the surplus can be allocated to DNB Livsforsikring’s risk equalisation fund. The risk equalisation fund 
cannot exceed 150 per cent. of DNB Livsforsikring’s total risk premiums for each fiscal year. When these 
assumptions understate DNB Livsforsikring’s contractual obligations, thereby generating a deficit, the risk 
equalisation fund can be used. The risk equalisation fund does not apply to insurance contracts with a 
maximum term of one year, disability pensions and dependent’s pensions with no accrued entitlement or 
individual contracts sold prior to 1 January 2008. 
DNB Livsforsikring carries the risk of fulfilling its commitments in contracts with policyholders. Technical 
provisions related to guaranteed benefits have annuities with a fixed technical rate. The return on assets 
backing liabilities must be sufficient to meet the technical rate on a yearly basis. Otherwise, inadequate 
returns will have to be covered by DNB Livsforsikring by applying unrealised gains fund, additional 
allocations, equity or subordinated loan capital. Measured in relation to customer funds, DNB 
Livsforsikring’s average technical rate on annuities was 3.1 per cent. as at 31 December 2023. 
Unpredictable events, such as natural disasters, extreme weather events, industrial explosions, terrorist 
attacks, and similar events may cause an unexpected and substantial increase in insurance claims under 
policies written by DNB Livsforsikring which may in turn cause it to incur substantial losses.  
DNB Livsforsikring is exposed to the risk of a material decrease in the availability and amount of 
reinsurance and a material increase in the cost of reinsurance. Furthermore, DNB Livsforsikring is subject 
to counterparty risk in relation to its current and future reinsurers as the insolvency or inability of reinsurers 
to meet their financial obligations could have an adversely effect on DNB Livsforsikring’s business, results 
of operations, financial condition or prospects. There is also a risk that DNB Livsforsikring’s reinsurance 
agreements may not be renewed, or renewed at less favourable terms. 
Failure to maintain existing governmental licenses, permissions and authorizations, or failure to obtain or 
renew any required licenses, permissions and authorizations in the future, could result in DNB 
Livsforsikring not being able to conduct its business operations. Furthermore, the realisation of any of the 
foregoing risks and/or any disruption to the business operations of DNB Livsforsikring could materially 
adversely affect DNB Group’s business, results of operations, financial condition or prospects. 
The business operations of DNB Asset Management are exposed to significant risks. 
The DNB Group is subject to several risks related to the business operations of its wholly-owned subsidiary 
DNB Asset Management AS (“DNB Asset Management”). As of 31 December 2023, DNB Asset 
Management managed approximately EUR 84 billion in investment strategies including discretionary 
mandates within Nordic and global asset classes, both long-only equities, long/short equities, investment 
grade and high yield corporate bonds, multi-assets, multi-manager portfolios and alternative investments.  
The business operations of DNB Asset Management are subject to several risks, particularly financial risks 
and operational risks. There is a risk that the portfolio management services and the investment advisory 
services provided to DNB Asset Management’s customers will not be successful, which could result in 
DNB Asset Management’s customers losing all or parts of their initial investment. Such a scenario can 
result in financial losses, loss in reputation and potential litigation for DNB Asset Management. 
Furthermore, the funds operated by DNB Asset Management cover a wide range of sectors and markets 
which can be highly volatile, and any changes in international, national or local economic, political and 
other conditions may adversely affect its portfolio management services and investment advisory services. 
For more information, please see “Negative economic developments and conditions in Norway and the 
markets in which the DNB Group operates may adversely affect the DNB Group’s business and results of 
operations and are likely to continue to do so if those conditions persist or recur”.

--- Page 46 ---
31 
DNB Asset Management’s investments, all of which are made on behalf of securities funds and 
discretionary portfolios managed by DNB Asset Management, are subject to interest rate risk and currency 
risk. If the values of DNB Asset Management’s fixed income securities vary inversely with changes in 
interest rates, DNB Asset Management’s cash flow, the fair value of its investments and its operating results 
could decrease. In addition, currency risk could cause the value of DNB Asset Management’s investments 
in currencies other than NOK to decrease regardless of the inherent value of the underlying investments.  
The utilisation of hedging and risk management transactions may not be successful, which could subject 
DNB Asset Management’s investment portfolio to increased risk or lower returns on its investments and in 
turn cause a decrease in the fair value of its assets. As stated above, all of DNB Asset Management’s 
investments are made on behalf of securities funds and discretionary portfolios managed by DNB Asset 
Management. 
If any of DNB Asset Management’s permits or licenses expire or are withdrawn, such as its UCITS, AFIM 
and MiFID II licenses, DNB Asset Management may lose its ability to carry out its fund and portfolio 
management and investment advisory services which would likely have a material adverse effect on its 
business.  
Any misconduct by employees of DNB Asset Management or at the companies in which DNB Asset 
Management has invested could harm DNB Asset Management by impairing its ability to attract and retain 
customers and subjecting it to significant legal liability and reputational harm. Further, any failure by DNB 
Asset Management to deal appropriately with conflicts of interest in its portfolio management and 
investment advisory services could damage its reputation and adversely affect its business. 
The realisation of any of the foregoing risks and/or any disruption to the business operations of DNB Asset 
Management could materially adversely affect DNB Group’s business, results of operations, financial 
condition or prospects. 
Risks related to climate change. 
The physical and transition risks of climate change are becoming ever more apparent and have the potential 
to pose a significant threat to the DNB Group’s business as well as to the DNB Group’s customers, without 
a coordinated and timely response from governments and other stakeholders. 
Climate change, and businesses' response to the emerging threats, are under increasing scrutiny by 
governments, regulators, activists and the public alike. Physical climate risks arising from extreme weather 
events or chronic climate changes could impact the DNB Group's customers in the form of lower revenues 
due to supply chain disruption and other impacts that strain production and lower revenues and higher costs 
for its customers owing to physical plant impairment and workers' health, safety and other workforce-
related problems. These risks could also lead to damage to the DNB Group's customers' property or 
operations, which could impair asset values and the creditworthiness of customers leading to increased 
default rates, delinquencies, write-offs and impairment charges in the DNB Group's portfolios. In addition, 
the DNB Group's premises and resilience may also suffer physical damage due to weather-related events 
leading to increased costs for the DNB Group.  
The transition to a low-carbon economy may itself have a negative impact on the DNB Group’s customers. 
For example, customers in high-emission sectors risk demands for rapid changes which may lead to 
stranded assets and pressure on business models and earnings potential. Transition risk can be further 
subdivided into: 
• 
Credit risks: credit exposure could increase if climate-related risk drivers reduce borrowers’ ability 
to repay and service debt (income effect) or banks’ ability to fully recover the value of a loan in 
the event of default (wealth effect).

--- Page 47 ---
32 
• 
Market risks: climate change could imply a reduction in financial asset values, including the 
potential to trigger large, sudden and negative price adjustments where climate risk is not yet 
incorporated into prices. Climate change could also lead to a breakdown in correlations between 
assets or a change in market liquidity for particular assets, undermining risk management 
assumptions. 
• 
Liquidity risks: banks’ access to stable sources of funding could be reduced as market conditions 
change. Climate-related risk drivers may cause banks’ counterparties to draw-down deposits and 
credit lines. 
• 
Operational and regulatory risks: increasing legal and regulatory compliance risk associated with 
climate-sensitive investments and businesses. 
• 
Reputational risks: could also arise from shifting sentiment among customers and increasing 
attention and scrutiny from other stakeholders (investors, regulators, etc.) on its response to 
climate change. 
The DNB Group classifies the following five industry groups as the most exposed to climate change risks: 
(i) commercial and residential property, (ii) oil, gas and offshore, (iii) shipping, (iv) power and renewables 
and (v) building and construction.  
For commercial and residential property, the DNB Group considers both market risk and regulatory risks 
stemming from changes to requirements in building standards to be the main risks. With regard to the oil, 
gas and offshore industry, as well as the shipping industry, the DNB Group considers that regulatory risk, 
challenges stemming from the adoption of new technology, and market risk are the main risks. In the 
renewable energy sector, as well as in the building and construction industry, the DNB Group considers 
market risk and regulatory risk to be the main risks.  
Both transition risk and physical risk can have significant financial consequences, which can affect financial 
institutions, for example through loan defaults, decreased collateral values, credit impairments, investment 
losses and higher insurance settlements. In the short to medium term, transition risk is more significant than 
physical risk for the DNB Group.  
Further, governments and regulators may introduce increasingly stringent rules and policies designed to 
achieve targeted outcomes, which could increase compliance costs for the DNB Group, drive asset 
impairments and result in regulatory fines or other enforcement action if the DNB Group is unable to 
implement adequate reforms sufficiently quickly. Legislative or regulatory changes regarding how banks 
manage climate risk or otherwise affecting banking practices may result in higher regulatory, compliance 
and credit costs.  
The perception of climate change as a risk by society, shareholders, customers, governments and other 
stakeholders continues to increase, including in relation to the financial sector’s operations and strategy. 
This may result in increased scrutiny of the DNB Group’s activities, including companies to which it lends. 
The DNB Group’s reputation may be harmed if its efforts to reduce environmental and social risks are 
deemed to be insufficient. For example, the DNB Group’s reputation may be adversely affected due to its 
financing of businesses that are perceived to adversely affect the environment, such as oil and gas 
companies. 
How the DNB Group assesses and responds to these developments and challenges could increase the DNB 
Group's costs of business, and a failure to identify and adapt the DNB Group's business to meet new rules 
or evolving expectations, or any perception that the DNB Group is under-performing relative to its peers 
or failing to meet the objectives under its sustainable strategy, could result in reputational damage and/or 
risk of legal claims.

--- Page 48 ---
33 
The Issuer is subject to environmental, social and governance risks that could adversely affect its 
reputation and business.  
The Issuer is subject to a variety of risks arising from environmental, social and governance matters or 
"ESG" matters. In recognition of such risks, the Issuer has taken a number of actions, including those 
intended to manage its carbon footprint, and has sought to engage in sustainable lending and investment 
activities, specifically including supporting renewable energy projects. However, the Issuer cannot 
guarantee the success of these actions, nor can it make any assurances that its regulators, investors or other 
third parties, such as environmental advocacy organisations, will find such initiatives to be sufficient. 
Further, the Issuer may be exposed to negative publicity based on the identity and activities of the Issuer's 
customers and business partners, and the public's view of their approach and performance with respect to 
ESG matters. This may have a negative impact on the Issuer's reputation, which in turn could have an 
adverse effect on the Issuer's ability to attract and retain customers and employees and, therefore, an adverse 
effect on the Issuer's business, results of operations, financial condition or prospects. 
In addition, regulatory authorities, including the Norwegian Financial Supervisory Authority ("NFSA"), 
have been increasingly focusing on ESG matters and have communicated their expectations of larger 
financial institutions (such as the DNB Group) to measure, monitor and manage climate related risk as part 
of their enterprise risk management processes. This increased focus may subject the Issuer to increased 
regulatory scrutiny and additional compliance costs, which could have a material adverse effect on the 
Issuer's business, results of operations, financial condition or prospects. 
Further, DNB Asset Management is also subject to ESG risks in relation to its fund and asset management 
activities, and any infringement of its obligations may adversely affect its reputation and business. 
Risks Related to the Legal and Regulatory Environments in which the DNB Group Operates 
The financial services industry is subject to intensive regulation, including capital adequacy regulation, 
and the regulatory framework is subject to change.  
The DNB Group’s business is subject to on-going regulatory and associated risks. The DNB Group is 
subject to financial services laws and regulation (including, but not limited to, those relating to capital 
adequacy, conduct of business, anti-money laundering, payments, consumer credits, reporting, and 
corporate governance), as well as administrative actions and policies in Norway and in each other 
jurisdiction in which the DNB Group carries on business. The NFSA is the DNB Group’s primary regulator, 
although DNB Group is also subject to the supervision of regulators in each country where it has a 
subsidiary, branch and/or representative office. 
The DNB Group is required to maintain certain capital adequacy ratios, which are calculated in accordance 
with Basel III requirements, as implemented in Norwegian law and regulations. For more information on 
Basel III, see “Supervision and Regulation—Regulatory Framework in Norway—Capital Requirements—
Capital adequacy and liquidity requirements – Norwegian requirements—CRR 3/CRD VI”. 
Any increase in the DNB Group's risk-weighted assets due to, among other things, a reduction in the internal 
credit ratings of borrowers, market volatility, widening credit spreads, changes in foreign exchange rates, 
decreases in collateral values, or further deterioration in the economic environment, could reduce the DNB 
Group's capital adequacy ratios. If the DNB Group were to experience a reduction in its capital adequacy 
ratios for any reason (including due to a change in the regulatory capital framework, as described below), 
it may have to reduce its lending or investments in the other operations segment, which could have a 
material adverse effect on the DNB Group's business, financial condition, results of operations, and/or 
prospects, or, in more severe circumstances, require the DNB Group to raise further capital. 
Changes in the supervision and regulation of financial institutions, particularly in Norway, could materially 
affect the DNB Group's business, the products and services offered or the value of its assets. Areas where

--- Page 49 ---
34 
changes or developments in regulation and/or oversight could have an adverse impact include, but are not 
limited to (i) general changes in government and regulatory policies or regimes which may significantly 
influence investment decisions or may increase the costs of doing business in the Nordic markets and other 
European markets, and such other markets where the DNB Group carries out its business, (ii) changes in 
the capital adequacy framework and imposition of onerous compliance obligations, (iii) changes in 
competition and pricing environments, (iv) differentiation among financial institutions by governments 
with respect to the extension of guarantees of customer deposits and the terms attaching to such guarantees, 
and (v) expropriation, nationalisation, confiscation of assets and changes in legislation relating to foreign 
ownership, producing legal uncertainty, which in turn may affect demand for the DNB Group's products 
and services. 
The Norwegian government and regulatory authorities may also impose measures on economic actors and 
financial institutions in Norway intended to address any future consequences of the COVID-19 pandemic, 
or similar events which may limit the DNB Group's operations or impose obligations that could have an 
impact on its business and results of operations. For example, the authorities may re-impose restrictions on 
dividend distributions.  
Lending Regulation  
With effect from 1 January 2021, the Home Mortgage Regulations and the Consumer Loan Regulations, 
together governing lending activities in Norway, were combined in a joint Lending Regulation that will, 
unless extended or cancelled, be in effect until 31 December 2024. The Lending Regulation contains the 
following key elements:  
• 
The Interest stress test: A stress test will be applied to customers applying for a new floating rate 
mortgage. The stress test will account for an interest rate increase of 3 percentage points, with a 
floor of 7 per cent. The interest rate stress test prior to 1 January 2023 was for 5 percentage points 
(with no floor).  
• 
Total debt of the customer shall not exceed 5 times their gross annual income.  
• 
Loan-to-value maximum of 85 per cent., meaning that the customer needs to provide 15 per cent. 
equity.  
• 
Loan-to-value needs to be below 60 per cent. before a bank can grant instalment holidays.  
• 
Specific requirements for loans with security in assets other than houses (for example, car and boat 
loans).  
• 
The regulation is only applicable to consumers.  
• 
Financial institutions may deviate from certain requirements based on specific thresholds (for 
mortgages, 10 per cent. of granted loans within a calendar quarter).  
Tighter regulation of lending practices by banks could lead to the provision of credit from new sources or 
in new forms that are not covered by the regulation, thus increasing competition in the mortgage market. 
Increased competition may cause the DNB Group to fail to attract new customers and/or retain existing 
customers, experience decreases in its interest income and fee and commission income, and/or lose market 
share, the occurrence of any of which could have a material adverse effect on its business, financial 
condition and result of operations. See "Risk Factors—Other Risks Related to the DNB Group's Business— 
Competition in Norway and in the international markets in which the DNB Group operates could have a 
negative effect on the DNB Group's business".

--- Page 50 ---
35 
Capital adequacy and liquidity requirements – Background 
At the international level, a number of regulatory and supervisory initiatives have been implemented in 
recent years in order to increase the quantity and quality of capital and raise liquidity levels in the banking 
sector. Among such initiatives are a number of specific measures proposed by the Basel Committee on 
Banking Supervision (the “Basel Committee”) and implemented by the EU through Directive (EU) No. 
2013/36 (the “CRD IV”) and the Capital Requirements Regulation (EU) No. 575/2013 (the “CRR”). For 
further information on capital requirements and possible consequences for breaches of these measures, see 
“Payments on the Notes will be subject to Maximum Distributable Amount restrictions” and “Supervision 
and Regulation” below. 
Capital adequacy and liquidity requirements – Norwegian requirements Pillar 1 Minimum Capital 
Requirements and buffer requirements 
The capital adequacy requirements for banks in Norway as at the date of this Base Prospectus consist of 
two pillars. Pillar 1 encompasses minimum capital requirements that are applicable generally to banks. As 
per the provisions of the Norwegian financial institutions act of 10 April 2015 (effective as of 1 January 
2016) (the “Financial Institutions Act”), banks must hold capital at least equal to 8 per cent. of their risk 
exposed assets (“Risk Exposure Amount” or “REA”), within which at least 4.5 per cent. must be common 
equity tier 1 capital and at least 6 per cent. must be tier 1 capital. 
In addition, the Financial Institutions Act imposes various capital buffer requirements which must be met 
by Norwegian financial institutions, all consisting of common equity tier 1. As of the date of this Base 
Prospectus, the capital buffer requirements consist of (i) a conservation buffer of 2.5 per cent. of REA, (ii) 
a systemic risk buffer of 4.5 per cent. of REA (on Norwegian exposures as further described below) and 
(iii) a counter-cyclical buffer of 2.5 per cent. of REA (on Norwegian exposures, further described below). 
In addition, financial institutions (including the DNB Group as a whole and the Bank) which the Norwegian 
authorities have designated as systemically important must also comply with a buffer for systemically 
important financial institutions of 2 per cent. of REA in order to mitigate systemic risk. 
The DNB Group’s effective systemic risk and counter-cyclical buffer rates are calculated as the weighted 
average of the buffer rates for the countries where the DNB Group has credit exposures. Since several 
countries in which the DNB Group has exposures have either set the requirement lower than the buffers in 
Norway or have not imposed any such requirement, the DNB Group’s effective systemic risk and counter-
cyclical buffer rate requirements were approximately 3.2 per cent. and 2.2 per cent., respectively, as of 31 
December 2023. Implementation of any changes that impose more stringent requirements could lead to 
increased funding costs for the DNB Group.  
Pillar 2 requirements 
CRD IV permits regulators to require the banks which they regulate to hold additional capital, often referred 
to as “Pillar 2” capital requirements. The NFSA’s Pillar 2 requirements are in addition to the Pillar 1 
requirements and are expected to reflect institution-specific capital requirements relating to risks which are 
not covered or only partly covered by Pillar 1.  
Further to the NFSA’s Supervisory Review and Evaluation Process (“SREP”) for 2023, the NFSA 
announced on 4 December 2023 that the Pillar 2 requirement for the Bank and the DNB Group had been 
set at 2.0 per cent. of REA. In line with Article 104a of the Capital Requirements Directive, the Pillar 2 
requirement must be fulfilled with approximately 1.1 per cent. CET1 capital (corresponding to 56.25 per 
cent. of the overall Pillar 2 requirement), approximately 0.4 per cent. additional tier 1 capital (corresponding 
to 18.75 per cent. of the overall Pillar 2 requirement) and approximately 0.5 per cent. tier 2 capital 
(corresponding to 25 per cent. of the overall Pillar 2 requirement). Further, the NFSA also advised that the 
Bank and the DNB Group should hold a common equity tier 1 capital buffer (“Pillar 2 Guidance”) of not

--- Page 51 ---
36 
less than 1.25 per cent. on top of the total common equity tier 1 capital requirement. The updated Pillar 2 
requirement and Pillar 2 Guidance have applied since 31 December 2023. 
CRR 3/CRD VI 
On 6 December 2023, the EU countries approved the agreement on the implementation of the final parts of 
the Basel IV recommendations in the EU. The regulatory changes include a new standardised approach for 
calculating capital requirements for credit risk and a new capital requirement floor for banks using internal 
models, as well as new requirements for ESG risk assessments and enhanced supervision.  
The regulatory amendments for implementing Basel IV are set out in the CRR3 and the CRD6. This 
legislation has EEA relevance, and the Ministry of Finance’s goal is that the new standardised approach 
and the other amendments in the CRR3 will enter into force in Norway on the same date as in the EU, that 
is, from 1 January 2025, while the rules in the CRD6 will apply from mid-2025.  
The Ministry of Finance gave the NFSA the task of preparing a consultation paper on the implementation 
of expected EEA rules corresponding to those set out in the CRR3 and the CRD6. The NFSA is also to 
assess the effects of the rules, and whether any options available to Norway, such as national regulatory 
measures, should be used and, if so, how. 
There can be no assurance that the proposals will be implemented in Norway in a similar manner as in the 
EU, and stricter rules could have a material adverse effect on the DNB Group. 
Bank winding up and crisis management 
On 2 July 2014, Directive 2014/59/EU providing for the establishment of an EU-wide framework for the 
recovery and resolution of credit institutions and investment firms (the “Bank Recovery and Resolution 
Directive” or “BRRD”, which terms shall, where the context admits, include that Directive as amended or 
superseded from time to time, including (without limitation) by Directive (EU) 2019/879 (“BRRD 2”) ). 
The BRRD is designed to provide authorities with a credible set of tools to intervene sufficiently early and 
quickly in an unsound or failing relevant entity (“relevant entities” being credit institutions, investment 
firms, certain financial institutions and certain holding companies) so as to ensure the continuity of the 
relevant entity’s critical financial and economic functions, while minimising the impact of a relevant 
entity’s failure on the economy and financial system. The BRRD was incorporated in the EEA Agreement 
on 9 February 2018. Legislation implementing the BRRD (in its original form) in Norway was passed by 
the Norwegian government in March 2018 and entered into force on 1 January 2019. Legislation 
implementing the BRRD 2 in Norway was passed by the Norwegian government on 11 June 2021 and 
entered into force on 1 June 2022. 
BRRD was designed to provide resolution authorities with a credible set of tools to intervene sufficiently 
early and quickly in an unsound or failing bank (or other in-scope institution). The resolution authorities 
have extensive powers under BRRD (and local implementing legislation) to assist a failing bank, including 
through various resolution tools and powers. If any action were to be taken by the Norwegian resolution 
authorities in respect of the Issuer or its group, such action could have a material adverse effect on the 
ability of the Issuer to satisfy its payment or other obligations in respect of the Notes. As further described 
under "—Risks Related to the Notes—Regulatory action in the event of a failure of the Bank could materially 
adversely affect the value of the Notes including in a manner which may result in Noteholders losing all or 
a part of the value of their investment in the Notes or receiving a different security than the Notes" below, 
the resolution authorities have extensive powers under BRRD (and local implementing legislation) to assist 
a failing bank, including through various resolution tools and powers. If any action were to be taken by the 
Norwegian resolution authorities in respect of the Issuer or its group, such action could have a material 
adverse effect on the ability of the Issuer to satisfy its payment or other obligations in respect of Notes.

--- Page 52 ---
37 
MREL 
Under the BRRD there is also a requirement for EU financial institutions to hold certain minimum levels 
of own funds and other eligible liabilities (“MREL”) which would be available to be written down or 
bailed-in in order to facilitate the rescue or resolution of a failing bank. Such requirements came into effect 
(subject to transitional provisions) in the EU from 1 January 2016. Regulation (EU) 2016/1450 of 23 May 
2016 supplementing Directive 2014/59/EU of the European Parliament and of the EU Council sets forth 
draft regulatory technical standards specifying the criteria relating to the methodology for setting the 
minimum requirement for own funds and eligible liabilities. In Norway, the MREL requirement is set by 
the NFSA. General rules for Norwegian MREL requirements are included in the Financial Institutions Act 
and the regulations on financial institutions and financial groups of 9 December 2016 No. 1502 (“Financial 
Institutions Regulation”).  
Under Norwegian law, there is a distinction between (i) instruments that are eligible and qualify for the 
fulfilment of the MREL requirement and (ii) instruments that may be bailed-in (which is a broader concept). 
For example, instruments with an original maturity or a remaining maturity of less than one year may be 
bailed-in (but would not count as fulfilling the MREL requirement). The Notes issued could potentially be 
bailed-in, even if the Notes are not eligible as MREL. Noteholders should therefore be aware that a broad 
range of debt instruments may be liable to bail-in and Noteholders may lose all or some of their investment 
in any Notes that are bailed-in. 
The DNB Group is, based on the current CET1 requirement of 15.6 per cent. (not including Pillar 2 
Guidance), required to hold total MREL capital equal to approximately 38 per cent. of REA (adjusted for 
REA stemming from Boligkreditt as the covered bond entity), leading to a total need for MREL eligible 
debt of approximately EUR 14 billion. Out of this, approximately EUR 7.6 billion will need to be issued in 
the form of senior non-preferred debt, while the remaining part can be issued in the form of senior preferred 
debt. 
Liquidity requirements 
The Basel III framework also aimed to raise liquidity levels in the banking sector. CRD IV includes 
requirements relating to the liquidity coverage ratio (the “LCR”). The Norwegian Ministry of Finance has 
introduced a LCR requirement of 100 per cent. for each significant currency. However, due to the limited 
size of the domestic capital market, for banks that have U.S.$ and/or euro as other significant currencies, 
the minimum LCR for NOK is reduced to 50 per cent., with the difference being made up in additional 
U.S.$ and/or euro requirements. As a result, and to ensure compliance with changes in these rules, the DNB 
Group may need to hold additional liquid assets, which may have an adverse effect on their results of 
operations or financial condition. 
The Personal Data Act  
The Personal Data Act, which implements the EU General Data Protection Regulation (“GDPR”) in 
Norway, entered into force on 20 July 2018. The GDPR and its implementation has resulted in new demands 
on the DNB Group’s operational processes, systems and resources as well as increased compliance costs 
related to the regulatory requirements. While the DNB Group continuously works to adapt its systems and 
processes to meet these regulatory requirements, there can be no assurance that such systems and processes 
will prevent all breaches. Any such breaches may have a material adverse effect on the DNB Group’s 
business, financial condition and results of operations. Breaches of the GDPR can cause significant 
reputational damage and could also lead to claims against companies and individuals for negligence and/or 
wrongful acts. In addition, the reputational damage could impact the DNB Group’s ability to attract new 
customers, future investment and new employees.

--- Page 53 ---
38 
Governmental responses to market disruptions may be inadequate and may have unintended consequences. 
The DNB Group may be adversely affected by governmental responses to market disruptions (such as those 
disruptions caused by the COVID-19 pandemic and increases in interest rates in response to rising inflation, 
caused by supply chain disruptions and the conflict between Russia and Ukraine) in the countries where it 
operates. As a result of the global financial crisis and subsequent government intervention, there has been, 
and there may continue to be, a substantial increase in governmental policy responses to market disruptions, 
including reductions in public spending and the imposition of fiscal austerity measures, and changes in 
monetary and interest rate policies.  
The DNB Group has no control over governmental policy changes or over changes in the interpretation of 
fiscal legislation by any tax authority. The measures taken by various European governments to stimulate 
the economy and/or support the banking system, including, among other things, bank bail-out plans and 
support to specific industry sectors, may, if enacted, lead to an increase in the tax burden or to a reduction 
in tax benefits. Significant changes in governmental policy responses in Norway or in the other countries 
where the DNB Group operates, or difficulties in implementing such responses or with the type and 
effectiveness of the impact of such responses, may have a relevant adverse impact on the activity, financial 
situation and operating results of the DNB Group. 
The DNB Group is exposed to risks related to bribery, money laundering activities and sanctions 
violations, especially in its operations in emerging markets, and compliance with anti-money laundering 
and anti-terrorism financing rules involves significant cost and effort. 
The DNB Group is subject to rules and regulations regarding anti-bribery, anti-money laundering, anti-
terrorist financing and economic sanctions. In general, the risk that banks will be subjected to or used for 
bribery or money laundering has increased worldwide. High employee turnover, difficulties in consistently 
implementing related policies and technology systems and the general business conditions mean that the 
risk of money laundering and other financial crimes is higher in emerging markets. Although these risks 
are higher in emerging markets than in Norway and other more developed markets, they may also arise in 
any of the markets in which the DNB Group operates. Monitoring compliance with anti-money laundering 
and anti-terrorism financing rules can put a significant financial burden on the DNB Group and pose 
significant technical problems. Currently more than 500 people in the DNB Group are working to prevent 
financial crime but anti-money laundering efforts are a work in progress and the authorities’ requirements 
and expectations have become more stringent. There can be no assurance that DNB Group will at all times 
meet regulatory expectations in the implementation of its anti-money laundering policies and procedures 
and otherwise comply with relevant law and regulation. 
A number of money laundering cases were brought to light in 2018 in the Baltic region, where the Bank 
has historically been present and continues to be present through its 19.95 per cent. (as of 31 December 
2023) ownership interest in Luminor. Over the past years, regulators have been particularly focused on anti-
money laundering procedures and regulations, which continue to evolve. In 2016, a complaint was sent to 
the National Authority for Investigation and Prosecution of Economic and Environmental Crime (the 
economic crime unit) stating that DNB ASA, the former holding company of the DNB Group, had helped 
transfer over $500,000 in Russian cash through accounts in Lithuania and Estonia. While the economic 
crime unit had investigated the transactions from 2007 to 2010, it decided not to pursue it further. 
On 13 June 2022, the Norwegian newspaper Aftenposten, based on publications in the media in Finland 
and the Baltics, published an article related to suspicious transactions in Luminor with an aggregate size of 
approximately EUR 3.9 billion over a period of approximately 20 years. As part of Luminor’s ongoing 
commitment to assess and update its anti-money laundering controls, the Bank has conducted several 
reviews of its AML-program. The Bank has been informed that Luminor used a broad set of criteria to 
check for any suspicious activity in relation to historical transactions. Suspicious findings had to be reported 
to relevant intelligence units (in line with financial institutions’ ongoing obligations to report suspicious 
transactions according to applicable anti-money laundering laws and regulations). While the report was

--- Page 54 ---
39 
commissioned and led by Luminor, the Bank’s understanding is that the Bank engaged with all relevant 
regulators throughout its development, including the reporting of findings where appropriate. These 
transactions and the report commissioned by Luminor are not material for the Bank and have not prompted 
any further action on the Bank’s part given that the Bank disposed of most of its holdings in Luminor in 
2019. The DNB Group, along with other Nordic banks, has attracted public attention and media coverage 
in connection with these money-laundering revelations, which continue to be investigated. Even if these 
allegations have not resulted in prosecutions of any member of the DNB Group, the DNB Group could face 
severe reputational damage. 
In February 2020, the NFSA conducted an anti-money laundering inspection of the Bank in relation to its 
operations in Norway. On 3 May 2021, the NFSA published its final report and a separate resolution (both 
dated 30 April 2021) related to this inspection, which confirmed that a fine of NOK 400 million is imposed 
on the Bank, as announced in the NFSA’s preliminary report relating to the inspection received by the Bank 
on 7 December 2020. Although the DNB Group has not been under suspicion of money laundering or 
complicity in money laundering, in its report of 30 April 2021 the NFSA was critical of the DNB Group’s 
compliance with the anti-money laundering regulations and remediation of weaknesses identified in prior 
inspections. The DNB Group acknowledged that the anti-money laundering efforts had not given sufficient 
results at the time of the inspection, and the DNB Group therefore announced the same day that it accepted 
the fine imposed by the NFSA.  
As part of its follow-up, on 19 April 2022 the NFSA issued a decision to order the Bank to collect and store 
legal identification for remaining customers, persons acting on behalf of customers and persons with 
disposal rights over an account or deposit, by 1 August 2022. As agreed with the NFSA, the Bank reported 
on the implementation and progress of the order per 1 August 2022 within the reporting deadline of 8 
August 2022.  
On 1 September 2022, the NFSA imposed compulsory fines on the Bank for failing to comply with the 
NFSA’s order of 19 April 2022. These fines comprise NOK 50,000 per business day from 2 September 
2022 until the NFSA finds that their order is satisfied. Pursuant to Norwegian law, a coercive fine is not 
classified as an “administrative sanction”, but instead an “administrative measure”, which is not considered 
punishment for a previous breach of compliance but rather a forward-looking measure to incentivise an 
increased effort to comply with a decision. On 29 June 2023, the NSFA stated that it was satisfied with 
DNB’s customer identity verification status, and the compulsory fines of NOK 50,000 per day ceased 
effective from 24 April 2023.  
While the DNB Group takes any criticism raised very seriously and continues to try to improve its methods 
and systems to prevent anti-money laundering, it cannot guarantee that its Group-wide anti-money 
laundering and anti-terrorism financing policies and procedures have prevented or will prevent instances 
of money laundering or terrorism financing. Further, it cannot guarantee that its employees will consistently 
comply with such policies.  
Any violation of anti-money laundering or anti-terrorism financing rules, or even the suggestion of 
violations, may have severe legal and reputational consequences for the DNB Group and could, as a result, 
have a material adverse effect on the DNB Group’s financial condition and results of operations.   
The legal relationships between the DNB Group and its customers are based on standardised contracts 
and forms created for a large number of commercial transactions; as a result, problems with the 
conditions in this documentation, or errors in it, could affect a large number of contracts with customers. 
The DNB Group maintains contractual relationships with a large number of customers and uses general 
terms and conditions and standard templates for contracts and forms in the majority of its business areas 
and departments. The use of standard contracts and forms poses a significant risk due to the large number 
of contracts. As a result of the ordinary evolution of laws and new judicial decisions, and the growing 
influence of EU legislation on national laws, it is possible that not all the general terms and conditions,

--- Page 55 ---
40 
standard contracts and forms used by the DNB Group comply with all of the applicable legal requirements 
at all times. If there are drafting errors, interpretive issues, or if the individual contractual terms or the 
contracts are deemed invalid in whole or in part, a large number of customer relationships could be 
adversely affected, which could result in claims for compensation or other legal consequences that could 
have an adverse effect on the financial condition and operating results of the DNB Group. 
Legal and regulatory claims arise in the conduct of the DNB Group’s business. 
In the ordinary course of its business, the DNB Group is subject to regulatory oversight and liability risk. 
The DNB Group is subject to regulation in each jurisdiction in which it operates. Regulation and regulatory 
requirements are continuously amended and new requirements are imposed on the DNB Group, including, 
but not limited to, regulations on conduct of business, anti-money laundering, payments, consumer credits, 
capital requirements, reporting and corporate governance. 
Furthermore, as part of its banking activities, the DNB Group provides its customers with investment 
advice, other investment services and investment products and access to internally as well as externally 
managed funds, and serves as custodian of third-party funds. In the event of losses incurred by its customers 
due to investment advice, other services or products from the DNB Group, or misconduct or fraudulent 
actions in connection with the provision of investment services or the sale of investment products or 
otherwise, the DNB Group’s customers could seek compensation from or otherwise take legal action 
against the DNB Group. See "Description of the Issuer and the DNB Group—Litigation" for further detail 
on these claims.  
The DNB Group is involved in a variety of claims, disputes, legal proceedings and governmental 
investigations in jurisdictions where it operates. See "Description of the Issuer and the DNB Group — 
Litigation. Such claims, disputes and legal proceedings are subject to many uncertainties, and their 
outcomes and ultimate consequences are often difficult to predict, particularly in the earlier stages of a case 
or an investigation. These types of claims and proceedings may expose the DNB Group to monetary 
damages, direct or indirect costs (including legal costs), direct or indirect financial loss, civil and criminal 
penalties, loss of licences or authorisations, or damage to reputation, as well as the potential for regulatory 
restrictions on its businesses, any of which could have a material adverse effect on the DNB Group’s 
business, financial condition and results of operations. 
Even though the DNB Group believes it has appropriately provided for contingent obligations in respect of 
claims, litigation and other proceedings, the outcome of any such claim, litigation or proceeding may differ 
from management expectations and expose the DNB Group to unexpected costs and losses, reputational 
and other non-financial consequences and diversion of management attention. 
Any of the above-mentioned factors or any other restrictions or limitations on the operations of financial 
institutions could have a material adverse effect on the DNB Group’s business, financial condition, results 
of operations, liquidity and/or prospects. 
The DNB Group is exposed to the risk of changes in tax and VAT legislation and the interpretation of 
such legislation as well as changes in such rates. 
The DNB Group’s activities are subject to tax and VAT at various rates in the jurisdictions in which it 
operates, computed in accordance with local legislation and practice. Future actions by the Norwegian or 
other governments to increase tax or VAT rates or to impose additional taxes or duties would reduce the 
DNB Group’s profitability.  
For example, in July 2021, the Bank received a decision from the Norwegian tax authorities relating to the 
deduction of external interest expenses. According to Norwegian tax legislation, external interest expenses 
are to be distributed proportionally among companies’ operations in Norway and certain international 
branch offices based on the respective entities’ total assets. This could result in additions or deductions

--- Page 56 ---
41 
from the companies’ income in Norway. The decision calculates the limitation of interest deduction by 
including internal receivables and covers the fiscal years 2015–2019. The decision represents a tax exposure 
of NOK 1.7 billion for the period in question. The estimated tax effect for the years 2020-2022 amounts to 
a total of approximately NOK 80 million. The Bank disagrees with the tax authorities' interpretation of the 
legislation. Legal proceedings were initiated in 2021 and the first level of court proceedings took place at 
the beginning of May 2022. The first level court decision of 4 June 2022 was not in favour of the Bank and 
was appealed by the Bank on 4 August 2022. On 29 November 2023, the second level court decision ruled 
in favour of the Bank. The tax authorities have appealed this decision, but it is not certain whether the High 
Court will admit the appeal and when proceedings in such case will be held. No provisions have been 
recognised in the accounts. However, there can be no assurance that the final decision will be made in 
favour of the Bank. 
New tax rules for life insurance and pensions companies were introduced for the fiscal year 2018, with 
associated transitional rules. When the financial statements and tax return for DNB Livsforsikring were 
prepared in 2018, it was unclear how the transitional rules should be interpreted, and DNB Livsforsikring 
did not agree with the Norwegian Tax Administration’s interpretation of the original wording of the law. 
Based on an overall assessment, the net tax effect associated with the transitional rules was included as a 
tax income of NOK 880 million for the DNB Group. In the 2018 tax return, DNB Livsforsikring demanded 
a larger tax deduction than the tax effect recognised in the accounts. In January 2022, DNB Livsforsikring 
received a final decision concerning a change in the tax assessment for 2018. DNB Livsforsikring has 
appealed the decision to the Norwegian tax appeal board, Skatteklagenemnda. On the basis of a new review 
of the matter, a tax expense of NOK 299 million was recognised in the accounts in the fourth quarter of 
2021 related to the transition effect in 2018. The final outcome of the matter is uncertain and may result in 
either lower or higher tax deductions than those used as the basis in the DNB Group accounts. If DNB 
Livsforsikring does not win its case on any of the points, this will give a further increased tax expense of 
NOK 460 million related to the transition effect in 2018. 
In the second quarter of 2022, the Bank received a notice from the Norwegian tax authorities relating to a 
reorganisation of the loan business in Sweden and in the UK in 2015. The tax authorities have challenged 
the valuation and calculation of taxable gains/losses related to loan portfolios that were sold from branches 
of the Bank to subsidiaries in Sweden and the UK. The Bank responded to the tax authorities in November 
2022. In the second quarter of 2023 received a draft decision from the Norwegian tax authorities, and the 
Bank responded in the fourth quarter of 2023. The Bank’s maximum tax exposure is estimated to be 
approximately NOK 1.2 billion. The Bank disagrees with the tax authorities’ approach, and accordingly no 
provision has been recognised in its accounts. However, the final outcome of the dispute remains unclear, 
and there can be no assurance that an adverse outcome would not have a material adverse effect on the 
Bank’s profitability or results of operations. 
On 27 February 2023, the Bank received a notice of a change in the tax assessment of dividends received 
from US subsidiaries in 2019 and 2020. DNB has treated dividends received from its US subsidiary as 
covered by the tax exemption method, but the Norwegian tax authorities state that since the subsidiary is 
not itself a taxable entity in the US (and is taxed jointly with the Bank's branch office in New York, leading 
to, in the authorities' view an effective taxation rate that is less than two thirds of Norwegian taxation), the 
US would be considered a low-tax country such that the dividends would not be covered by the tax 
exemption method. The tax authorities have also announced that the subsidiary's payments of its share of 
the joint tax payment are to be considered taxable dividends. The notice means a tax exposure of NOK 1.8 
billion for the Bank for the period. The Bank does not agree that the US should be regarded as a low-tax 
country, or that there are grounds for regarding the tax payments as dividends, and for this reason no 
provisions have been recognised in the accounts. The Bank responded to the notice in June 2023. On 19 
December 2023, the Bank received an updated notice where the tax authorities have included the years 
2018, 2021 and 2022 regarding the tax payments to be considered dividends. The updated notice increases 
the tax exposure by NOK 210 million.

--- Page 57 ---
42 
Revisions of tax or VAT legislation or changes in its interpretation as well as differences in opinion between 
the DNB Group and tax authorities with respect to interpretation of relevant legislation might also affect 
the DNB Group’s financial condition in the future. Such changes and the outcome of ongoing proceedings 
where the DNB Group’s interpretation of tax and VAT legislation is challenged by tax authorities could 
have a material adverse effect on the DNB Group’s business, financial situation, results of operations, 
liquidity and/or prospects. Further, there can be no assurance that any such change in tax and VAT 
legislation or the interpretation of tax and VAT legislation may not have a retroactive effect on the DNB 
Group’s business, financial situation, results of operations, liquidity and/or prospects. 
The DNB Group may be impacted by changes in accounting policies or accounting standards and the 
interpretation of such policies and standards.  
From time to time, the IASB changes the financial accounting and reporting standards that govern the 
preparation of the DNB Group’s financial statements. Further, changes may take place in the interpretation 
of, or differences of opinion may arise between the DNB Group and competent authorities with regard to 
the application of, such standards. These changes can be difficult to predict and can materially impact how 
the DNB Group records and reports its financial condition and results of operations. In some cases, the 
DNB Group may be required to apply a new or revised standard, or alter the application of an existing 
standard, retroactively, rendering a restatement of prior period financial statements necessary. Any such 
change in the DNB Group’s accounting policies or applicable accounting standards could materially affect 
its reported financial condition and/or results of operations. 
As discussed further in the section titled "Supervision and Regulation—Regulatory Developments—IFRS 
17", the DNB Group applies IFRS 17 from 1 January 2023. The full implementation effect of IFRS 17, as 
well as the effect of the changed measurement of financial instruments, was NOK 9,823 million after tax, 
and reduced the DNB Group's equity at the time of the transition on 1 January 2022 accordingly. 
Conflicts of interest, whether actual or perceived, may negatively impact the DNB Group. 
As the DNB Group expands the scope of its business and its customer base, it must increasingly implement 
corporate governance policies on a group-wide level and address potential conflicts of interest, including 
situations in which the DNB Group provides services to a particular customer or its own proprietary 
investments or other interests conflict, or are perceived to conflict, with the interests of another customer, 
as well as situations in which one or more of the DNB Group’s businesses have access to material non-
public information that may not be shared with other businesses within the DNB Group. Appropriately 
identifying and dealing with conflicts of interest is complex, in part because internal breaches of policy can 
be difficult to discover. The DNB Group’s reputation could be damaged, and the willingness of customers 
to enter into transactions in which such a conflict might arise may be affected, if the DNB Group fails, or 
appears to fail, to identify and deal appropriately with conflicts of interest. 
Financial services operations involve inherent reputational risk. 
The DNB Group’s reputation is one of its most important assets. Reputational risk, including the risk to 
earnings and capital from negative public opinion, is inherent in the financial services industry. Negative 
public opinion can result from any number of causes, including misconduct by employees, non-compliance 
by members of the DNB Group with applicable internal policies and regulations, activities of business 
partners over which the DNB Group has limited or no control, severe or prolonged financial losses, 
uncertainty about the DNB Group’s financial soundness or reliability (including the reliability of its internet 
banking platforms) or the DNB Group’s conduct of its business. Negative public opinion may adversely 
affect the DNB Group’s ability to keep and attract customers, depositors and investors, as well as its 
relationships with regulators and the general public. For example, in 2022, increased interest rates and the 
extensive effort to have all customers renew their proof of identity led to negative media reports and 
frustration among some customers.

--- Page 58 ---
43 
Risks related to the Notes generally 
Set out below is a brief description of certain risks relating to the Notes generally: 
The obligations of the Issuer in respect of the Notes are unsecured and deeply subordinated and investors 
assume an enhanced risk of loss in the event of the Issuer’s insolvency. 
The Notes constitute unsecured and deeply subordinated obligations of the Issuer. 
On a liquidation, dissolution or other winding-up of the Issuer by way of public administration (except, in 
any such case, an Excluded Winding-up, as defined in the Conditions) (referred to herein as a “winding-
up of the Issuer”), all claims in respect of the Notes (including claims for damages (if any) in respect of 
any breach of the Issuer’s obligations thereunder) will rank as provided in Condition 2. Accordingly, subject 
to mandatory provisions of Norwegian law (including the Applicable Banking Regulations): 
(a) 
for so long as the Notes are Qualifying Additional Tier 1 Obligations (as defined in the Conditions), 
claims in respect of the Notes will rank junior to claims in respect of (1) all deposits of the Issuer; 
(2) all other unsubordinated obligations, including all Non-Preferred Senior Obligations (as defined 
in the Conditions), of the Issuer; (3) all Disqualified Tier 2 Obligations and Disqualified Additional 
Tier 1 Obligations (each as defined in the Conditions) of the Issuer; and (4) all Qualifying Tier 2 
Obligations (as defined in the Conditions) of the Issuer;  
(b) 
if the Notes cease to be Qualifying Additional Tier 1 Obligations and become (and for as long as 
they remain) Qualifying Tier 2 Obligations, claims in respect of the Notes will rank junior to claims 
in respect of (1) all deposits of the Issuer; (2) all other unsubordinated obligations, including all 
Non-Preferred Senior Obligations, of the Issuer; and (3) all Disqualified Tier 2 Obligations and 
Disqualified Additional Tier 1 Obligations of the Issuer; and 
(c) 
if the Notes become (and for so long as they remain) Disqualified Additional Tier 1 Obligations of 
the Issuer, claims in respect of the Notes will rank junior to claims in respect of (1) all deposits of 
the Issuer; (2) all other unsubordinated obligations, including all Non-Preferred Senior Obligations, 
of the Issuer; and (3) all Disqualified Tier 2 Obligations of the Issuer. 
If and to the extent that the foregoing is inconsistent with mandatory provisions of Norwegian law 
(including the Applicable Banking Regulations), such mandatory provisions shall apply and supersede the 
Conditions.  For the avoidance of doubt, such mandatory provisions shall include (once enacted and in 
force) the provisions of the Norwegian Financial Institutions Act § 20-32 (as amended and/or supplemented 
from time to time) (as further described below under “—The ranking of the Notes relative to other 
obligations of the Issuer could change, which in certain circumstances could have a material adverse effect 
on the rights of Noteholders and/or the market price of the Notes”). 
If, on a winding-up of the Issuer, the assets of the Issuer are insufficient to enable the Issuer to repay the 
claims of more senior-ranking creditors in full, Noteholders will lose their entire investment in the Notes. 
If there are sufficient assets to enable the Issuer to pay the claims of senior-ranking creditors in full but 
insufficient assets to enable it to pay claims in respect of its obligations in respect of the Notes and all other 
claims that rank pari passu with the Notes, Noteholders will lose some (which may be substantially all) of 
their investment in the Notes. 
Furthermore, Noteholders will not be able to exercise any rights of set-off, netting, compensation or 
retention (if any) in respect of any amounts owed to them by the Issuer in respect of the Notes. 
Residential mortgages transferred by the Issuer to Boligkreditt or originated by Boligkreditt through DNB 
distribution channels comprise the cover pool for the covered bonds issued by Boligkreditt and thereby 
serve as security for holders of the covered bonds issued by Boligkreditt (and also counterparties under

--- Page 59 ---
44 
derivatives contracts entered into for hedging purposes in relation to such covered bonds). Once transferred, 
these mortgages do not form part of the general assets of the Issuer that would be available to holders of 
the Notes in the case of insolvency or liquidation of the Issuer. The Group intends to cover a significant 
part of its long-term funding requirement through issuance of covered bonds, which will be secured by 
mortgages originated by Boligkreditt through DNB distribution channels and/or transferred from the Issuer 
to Boligkreditt. The Notes are unsecured obligations of the Issuer, and in addition to being subordinated to 
most of the Issuer’s own liabilities Noteholders are structurally subordinated to the covered bondholders 
and such hedge counterparties to the extent of the cover pool, and are not likely to ever have access to this 
cover pool should the Issuer become insolvent or be liquidated. 
In addition, as further described below under “—Upon the occurrence of a Trigger Event, the principal 
amount of the Notes will be Written Down”, the principal amount of the Notes will, in certain circumstances, 
be Written Down, which may be in part or in whole and may occur on one or more occasions.  In a winding-
up of the Issuer, the claims of Noteholders in respect of their Notes will be for the Outstanding Principal 
Amount at the time of the winding-up of the Issuer, which may be less than the Original Principal Amount 
of the Notes. The Notes do not contain any restriction on the Issuer’s ability to issue securities that may 
have rights similar but preferential to those of the Notes including securities having more favourable, or 
no, provisions similar to the Trigger Event applicable to the Notes. 
Although the Notes have the potential (subject always to the Issuer’s right to cancel interest payments) to 
pay a higher rate of interest than securities which are not subordinated, there is a substantial risk that 
Noteholders will lose all or some of the value of their investment should a winding-up of the Issuer occur. 
No limitation on the Issuer issuing senior or pari passu securities. 
There is no restriction on the amount of securities or other liabilities that the Issuer may issue, incur or 
guarantee and which rank senior to, or pari passu with, the Notes. The issue or guaranteeing of any such 
securities or the incurrence of any such other liabilities may reduce the amount (if any) recoverable by 
Noteholders during a winding-up of the Issuer, may increase the likelihood of a cancellation of interest 
payments under the Notes and may limit the Issuer’s ability to meet its obligations under the Notes.  
The ranking of the Notes relative to other obligations of the Issuer could change, which in certain 
circumstances could have a material adverse effect on the rights of Noteholders and/or the market price 
of the Notes. 
Article 48(7) of the BRRD requires Member States to ensure that, for relevant credit institutions, all claims 
resulting from own funds items have, in national laws governing normal insolvency proceedings, a lower 
priority ranking than any claim that does not result from an own funds item. While Norway has not yet 
implemented Article 48(7) of the BRRD (though, as of the date of this Base Prospectus, the Norwegian 
Ministry of Finance has proposed an amendment to the Norwegian Financial Institutions Act § 20-32 to 
Parliament to do so), under Condition 2 the ranking of the Notes in a winding-up of the Issuer will depend 
upon whether the Notes are Qualifying Additional Tier 1 Obligations or, if they cease to be Qualifying 
Additional Tier 1 Obligations, are either Qualifying Tier 2 Obligations or Disqualified Additional Tier 1 
Obligations. These provisions, and the abovementioned proposal, are broadly designed to achieve an 
outcome aligned to the requirements of Article 48(7). 
Should the Notes become Qualifying Tier 2 Obligations or Disqualified Additional Tier 1 Obligations, this 
would have the effect, under Condition 2(b)(ii), of affording the Notes a higher priority ranking than is the 
case while they remain Qualifying Additional Tier 1 Obligations. However, should the Notes subsequently 
re-qualify as Qualifying Additional Tier 1 Obligations, the ranking of the Notes will, under Condition 
2(b)(iii), revert to their lower level, all in accordance with the Priority of Claims set out in Condition 2(c). 
Other obligations of the Issuer may also be subject to similar changes in their ranking, whether as a result 
of any implementation of Article 48(7) of BRRD into Norwegian law, or as a result of their terms and

--- Page 60 ---
45 
conditions. In the event that any other obligations of the Issuer are initially issued as Qualifying Additional 
Tier 1 Obligations (and thus, in a winding-up of the Issuer, would rank pari passu with the Notes) but 
subsequently become Qualifying Tier 2 Obligations or Disqualified Additional Tier 1 Obligations at a time 
when the Notes remain Qualifying Additional Tier 1 Obligations, then in a winding-up of the Issuer the 
claims in respect of such Qualifying Tier 2 Obligations or Disqualified Additional Tier 1 Obligations would 
rank in priority to the claims of Noteholders in respect of the Notes in accordance with the Priority of 
Claims set out in Condition 2(c). Accordingly, the holders of such Qualifying Tier 2 Obligations or 
Disqualified Additional Tier 1 Obligations (as well as the holders of any Disqualified Tier 2 Obligations 
and any other Qualifying Tier 2 Obligations) would be entitled to be repaid in full before Noteholders would 
be able to recover any amounts in respect of the Notes. This could reduce the amount (if any) of any 
recovery of Noteholders in respect of their Notes in the event of a winding-up of the Issuer. 
Similarly, if the Notes, at the time of any winding-up of the Issuer, were to be Disqualified Additional Tier 
1 Obligations, then while claims of holders of Qualifying Tier 2 Obligations would rank junior to the claims 
of Noteholders, any claims of holders of Disqualified Tier 2 Obligations would be entitled to be repaid in 
full before Noteholders would be able to recover any amounts in respect of the Notes. This could reduce 
the amount (if any) of any recovery of Noteholders in respect of their Notes in the event of a winding-up 
of the Issuer. 
The potential for changes in the actual or perceived ranking of the Notes relative to other obligations of the 
Issuer from time to time could, in certain circumstances, have a material adverse effect on, and/or increase 
the volatility in, the market price of the Notes from time to time. Furthermore, the circumstances in which 
the ranking of the Notes and/or the ranking of any other obligations of the Issuer may change may not be 
possible to predict.  
In addition to the foregoing, it is possible that, in the event of a winding-up of the Issuer, if the Issuer has 
outstanding any Legacy Subordinated Obligations (as defined in the Conditions) the ranking of which 
cannot be reconciled with the Priority of Claims specified in Condition 2(c), it may not be possible for 
Noteholders to anticipate the relative losses which would be borne by Noteholders and the holders of those 
Legacy Subordinated Obligations. If any such Legacy Subordinated Obligations rank ahead of the Notes, 
this may reduce the amount (if any) recovered by Noteholders in respect of their Notes in the event of a 
winding-up of the Issuer. Furthermore, there can be no assurance that any interpretation of any Noteholder 
or any other of the relative ranking of such Legacy Subordinated Obligations and the Notes will be the 
same as the interpretation of the Issuer, any insolvency official of the Issuer and/or the NFSA, and any such 
interpretation could be subject to reassessment from time to time, which could have a material adverse 
effect on, and/or result in increased volatility in, the market price of the Notes from time to time. 
Once the proposed amendments to the Norwegian Financial Institutions Act § 20-32 referred to above have 
been enacted and are in force, to the extent any of the contractual subordination provisions set out in the 
Conditions (and described above) are inconsistent with them, the provisions of the Norwegian Financial 
Institutions Act § 20-32 shall prevail.  As at the date of this Base Prospectus, based on the current drafts of 
the proposed amendments, for so long as some or all of the Notes continue to qualify as Additional Tier 1 
Capital they shall rank above Common Equity Tier 1 Capital but below all the holders of all other 
indebtedness of the Issuer (unless that indebtedness also comprises (in whole or in part) Additional Tier 1 
Capital).  If any other indebtedness ceases in full to qualify as Additional Tier 1 Capital then it is expected 
that, pursuant to the proposed amendments to the Norwegian Financial Institutions Act § 20-32, such 
indebtedness shall rank above the Notes (assuming the Notes continue to count in full or in part as 
Additional Tier 1 Capital).  This could have a material adverse effect on, and/or increase the volatility in, 
the market price of the Notes from time to time and reduce the amount (if any) repayable to the Noteholders 
in the event of a liquidation, dissolution or other winding-up of the Issuer.  If the proposed amendments to 
the Norwegian Financial Institutions Act § 20-32 are altered prior to their enactment (or further amended 
following their enactment) this could also have a material adverse effect on the Notes.

--- Page 61 ---
46 
The Issuer may at any time elect, and in certain circumstances shall be required, not to make interest 
payments on the Notes. 
The Issuer may at any time elect, in its sole and absolute discretion, to cancel any interest payment (in 
whole or in part) on the Notes which would otherwise be due. Additionally, the NFSA has the power to 
direct the Issuer to exercise its discretion to cancel any interest payment (in whole or in part) on the Notes. 
If the Issuer does not pay any interest (or any part thereof) scheduled to be paid on any date, such non-
payment shall evidence the Issuer’s exercise of discretion to cancel such interest payment (or the relevant 
part thereof), and such cancelled interest payment (or the cancelled part thereof) shall not become due and 
payable at any time. 
Furthermore, the Issuer will cancel any interest payment (in whole or in part) which would otherwise fall 
due (a) if and to the extent that such payment of interest cannot be made in compliance with the Solvency 
Condition, or (b) if so required under the then-prevailing Applicable Banking Regulations, if and to the 
extent that such payment of interest would: (i) when aggregated with other relevant stipulated payments or 
distributions, exceed the Distributable Items of the Issuer; or (ii) when aggregated with other relevant 
distributions, cause any applicable Maximum Distributable Amount (as defined in the Conditions) then 
applicable to the Issuer or the Group to be exceeded. 
In addition, if a Trigger Event occurs, the Issuer will cancel all interest accrued up to (and including) the 
Write Down Date. 
With respect to cancellation of interest due to insufficient Distributable Items, see also “—The level of the 
Issuer’s Distributable Items is affected by a number of factors and insufficient Distributable Items will 
restrict the ability of the Issuer to make interest payments on the Notes” below. With respect to cancellation 
of interest due to the application of a Maximum Distributable Amount, see also “—Payments on the Notes 
will be subject to Maximum Distributable Amount restrictions” below. 
In addition, the circumstances in which the prudential rules require the Issuer to reduce or cancel interest 
payments may change. For example, on 31 March 2022, the European Central Bank (“ECB”) published its 
response to the call for advice from the European Commission relating to the European Commission’s 
mandate to complete a review of the macro-prudential provisions in the CRR and CRD IV by June 2022 
and, if appropriate, to submit a legislative proposal to the European Parliament and the Council by 
December 2022. In respect of each of the four areas included in the call for advice, the ECB provided 
comments on the operation of the buffer framework, considerations in relation to the internal market, 
missing or obsolete instruments and global risk. In the context of Additional Tier 1 (“AT1”) instruments, 
the ECB stated that it supports strengthening the features of AT1 capital to reduce the stigma effects 
associated with banks cancelling AT1 interest payments when they fall beneath the level of their combined 
buffer requirements. Additionally, the ECB stated that they believe that there is a need to strengthen the 
ability of AT1 to act as going concern capital, specifically regarding the flexibility of payments. In 
particular, the ECB stated that the current CRR definition of ‘distributable items’ should be reviewed to 
ensure that only profitable banks or banks with positive retained earnings could make AT1 interest or CET1 
dividend payments. The European Commission has not, as at the date of this Base Prospectus, put forward 
a legislative proposal. In any event, the final details of this review and the final substance of any resulting 
legislative proposals, and when and how such proposals, if enacted, will be applied in Norway, are 
uncertain. There can be no assurance that any changes to the prudential regime applicable to the Issuer or 
the Group resulting from these proposals will not affect the circumstances in which the Issuer is required 
to cancel interest payments on the Notes, and any such changes could have a material adverse impact on 
the market price or value of the Notes. 
Any interest which is cancelled as a result of optional or mandatory cancellation as described above shall 
not accumulate and shall no longer be due and payable by the Issuer. A cancellation of interest in accordance 
with the Conditions will not constitute a default of the Issuer under the Notes for any purpose, and

--- Page 62 ---
47 
Noteholders will have no right to such cancelled interest, or any amount in respect thereof, at any time 
(including in a winding-up of the Issuer). 
If the Issuer elects to cancel, or is prohibited from paying, interest on the Notes at any time, there is no 
restriction under the terms of the Notes on the Issuer from otherwise paying dividends, interest or other 
distributions on, or redeeming or repurchasing, any of its other liabilities (including liabilities which rank 
pari passu with, or junior to, the Notes) or any of its share capital. In proposing the interim or final 
distributions (if any) to be declared in respect of the ordinary shares of the Issuer in respect of any given 
financial year, the Issuer will have regard to all relevant factors which it considers to be appropriate, 
including the profitability of the Issuer, its resources available for distribution and the capital and liquidity 
position of the Issuer at the time of proposing the distribution for approval by the shareholders of the Issuer. 
The obligations of the Issuer under the Notes are senior in ranking to the ordinary shares of the Issuer. It is 
the Issuer’s current intention that, whenever exercising its discretion to propose any dividend in respect of 
the ordinary shares, or its discretion to cancel interest on the Notes, the Issuer will take into account the 
relative ranking of these instruments in its capital structure. However, the Issuer may at any time depart 
from this policy at its sole discretion. 
Any actual or anticipated cancellation of interest on the Notes will likely have an adverse effect on the 
market price of the Notes. In addition, as a result of the interest cancellation provisions of the Notes, the 
market price of the Notes may be more volatile than the market prices of other debt securities on which 
interest accrues that are not subject to such cancellation and may be more sensitive generally to adverse 
changes in the Issuer’s financial condition. Any indication that the CET1 Ratio of the Issuer or the Group 
is trending towards a failure to meet fully the combined capital buffer requirement (the level at which the 
Maximum Distributable Amount restriction becomes relevant) or their MREL resources are trending 
towards a failure to meet fully the combined capital buffer requirement and the minimum requirement for 
own funds and eligible liabilities (the level at which an M-MDA (as defined below) restriction may be 
imposed by the Norwegian FSA) may have an adverse effect on the market price of the Notes. 
The level of the Issuer’s Distributable Items is affected by a number of factors and insufficient 
Distributable Items will restrict the ability of the Issuer to make interest payments on the Notes. 
The Issuer will, to the extent it is required to do so under the then-prevailing Applicable Banking 
Regulations, cancel any payment of interest amount (in whole or in part) which would otherwise fall due 
on any date if and to the extent that payment of such interest (together with any additional amounts payable 
thereon as provided in Condition 9) would, when aggregated with other relevant stipulated payments or 
distributions, exceed the Distributable Items of the Issuer. As at 31 December 2022, the Distributable Items 
of the Issuer, determined on a non-consolidated basis, were NOK 177 billion. 
The level of the Issuer’s Distributable Items is affected by a number of factors. The Issuer’s future 
Distributable Items, and therefore the ability of the Issuer to make interest payments under the Notes, are a 
function of the Issuer’s existing Distributable Items and its future profitability. In addition, the Issuer’s 
Distributable Items may also be adversely affected by the servicing of more senior instruments or parity 
ranking instruments. 
The level of the Issuer’s Distributable Items may be affected by changes to accounting rules, regulation or 
the requirements and expectations of applicable regulatory authorities. Any such potential changes could 
adversely affect the Issuer’s Distributable Items in the future.  
The level of the Issuer’s Distributable Items, and therefore the Issuer’s ability to make interest payments 
under the Notes, may be adversely affected by the performance of the business of the Group in general, 
factors affecting its financial position (including capital and leverage), the economic environment in which 
the Group operates and other factors outside of the Issuer’s control. In addition, adjustments to earnings, as 
determined by the Board, may fluctuate significantly and may materially adversely affect Distributable 
Items.

--- Page 63 ---
48 
The Issuer’s interests may not be aligned with those of investors in the Notes. 
The availability of Distributable Items and the potential for the occurrence of a Trigger Event will depend 
in part on strategic and management decisions made by the Issuer and other entities in the Group relating 
to their businesses and operations, as well as the management of their capital positions. 
While the Issuer expects to consider the interests of all stakeholders of the Issuer, including Noteholders, 
when assessing strategic and management decisions, the interests of other stakeholders of the Issuer could 
be adverse to and outweigh the interests of Noteholders, including in the context of capital management. 
The Issuer may decide not to raise capital at a time when it is feasible to do so, even if that would result in 
the occurrence of a Trigger Event, or may elect not to take action which may be available to it to create 
Distributable Items or otherwise not manage the CET1 Ratio in a manner so as to avoid the occurrence of 
a Trigger Event. Noteholders will not have any claim against the Issuer relating to decisions that affect the 
capital position of the Issuer or the Group, regardless of whether they result in the occurrence of a Trigger 
Event or a lack of Distributable Items. Such decisions could cause Noteholders to lose all or substantially 
all of their investment in the Notes. 
The Issuer’s ability to make payments in respect of the Notes is dependent on the satisfaction of the 
Solvency Condition. 
The Conditions provide that (except in the winding-up, dissolution or liquidation of the Issuer) no payment 
of principal, interest or any other amount in respect of the Notes will become due and payable unless, and 
to the extent that, the Issuer is able to make such payment and still be solvent immediately thereafter (the 
“Solvency Condition”). For these purposes, the Issuer shall be considered to be solvent if (x) it is able to 
pay its debts to Senior Creditors (as defined in the Conditions) as they fall due and (y) its Assets exceed its 
Liabilities (each as defined in the Conditions). 
If and to the extent that the Issuer is unable to make a scheduled interest payment and still be solvent 
immediately thereafter, such interest payment shall not become due and will be cancelled. 
Payments on the Notes will be subject to Maximum Distributable Amount restrictions. 
MDA 
In circumstances where the Norwegian Financial Institutions Act §14-3(5) applies, and to the extent such 
payments are required to be cancelled under the then-prevailing Applicable Banking Regulations, no 
payments (or deemed payments) will be made on the Notes (whether by way of principal, interest, 
Discretionary Reinstatement or otherwise) if and to the extent that such payment would, when aggregated 
together with other distributions of the kind referred to in the Norwegian Financial Institutions Act §14-
3(5), cause the Maximum Distributable Amount (if any) determined in accordance with the Capital 
Requirements Regulation § 10 then applicable to either of the Issuer or the Group to be exceeded.  
Under Applicable Banking Regulations, the Issuer and the Group are required to hold certain amounts of 
regulatory capital as described above in “Factors that may affect the Issuer’s ability to fulfil its obligations 
under the Notes—Risks Related to the Legal and Regulatory Environments in which the DNB Group 
Operates—The financial services industry is subject to intensive regulation, including capital adequacy 
regulation, and the regulatory framework is subject to change—Capital adequacy and liquidity 
requirements”. 
Under the Norwegian Financial Institutions Act §14-3(5) as at the date of this Base Prospectus, institutions 
which fail to fully meet their combined buffer requirement or own funds requirements will be subject to 
restricted “discretionary payments”, including payments relating to CET1 and AT1 instruments (such as 
the Notes) and variable remuneration to staff. The restrictions will, according to the Capital Requirements 
Regulation § 10, be scaled according to the extent of the breach of the combined buffer requirement (i.e.

--- Page 64 ---
49 
depending on which quartile of the capital buffer requirement the relevant institution meets, with the scaling 
factor being 0 in the bottom quartile, 0.2 in the second quartile, 0.4 in the third quartile and 0.6 in the fourth 
quartile) and calculated as a percentage of the profits of the relevant institution since the last distribution of 
profits or other relevant “discretionary payment”. Such calculation will result in a “maximum distributable 
amount” in each relevant period. As a consequence, in the event of a breach of the combined buffer 
requirement by the Issuer and/or the Group, it may be necessary to reduce discretionary payments, including 
potentially cancelling (in whole or in part) interest payments in respect of the Notes.  
CET1 and total capital requirements/expectations of the Issuer and the Group  
Further to the SREP for 2023, the NFSA announced on 4 December 2023 that the Pillar 2 requirement for 
the Issuer and the Group had been set at 2.0 per cent. of REA. In line with Article 104a of the Capital 
Requirements Directive, the Pillar 2 requirement must be fulfilled with approximately 1.1 per cent. CET1 
capital (corresponding to 56.25 per cent. of the overall Pillar 2 requirement), approximately 0.4 per cent. 
additional tier 1 capital (corresponding to 18.75 per cent. of the overall Pillar 2 requirement) and 
approximately 0.5 per cent. tier 2 capital (corresponding to 25 per cent. of the overall Pillar 2 requirement). 
Further, the NFSA also advised that the Issuer and the Group should hold a CET1 capital buffer of not less 
than 1.25 per cent. on top of the total CET1 capital requirement. The updated Pillar 2 requirement and Pillar 
2 Guidance have applied since 31 December 2023. 
As discussed above under “The financial services industry is subject to intensive regulation, including 
capital adequacy regulation, and the regulatory framework is subject to change – Pillar 2 requirements”, 
the CET1 capital expectation (that is, inclusive of the Pillar 2 Guidance) for the Issuer and the Group is 
approximately 16.7 per cent. and 16.8 per cent. as of 31 December 2023, respectively. The total capital 
expectation (that is, inclusive of the Pillar 2 Guidance) for the Issuer and the Group is approximately 21.1 
per cent. and 21.2 per cent. as of 31 December 2023, respectively. As of 31 December 2023, the Issuer and 
the Group reported a CET1 capital ratio of 19.6 per cent. and 18.2 per cent., respectively, and a total capital 
ratio of 25.2 per cent. and 22.5 per cent., respectively1. If the Issuer and/or the Group’s CET1 ratio falls 
below the required level, or the Issuer and/or the Group fail to satisfy their Pillar 2 Guidance, it may be 
necessary to reduce discretionary payments, including potentially cancelling (in whole or in part) interest 
payments in respect of the Notes.  
L-MDA and M-MDA 
The EU Banking Reform Legislation (as defined in “Supervision and Regulation”) extended the scope of 
the maximum distributable amount restrictions applicable to EU banks. In addition to the original 
restrictions based on risk-based capital requirements, the EU Banking Reform Legislation provides for 
leverage-based and MREL-based restrictions:  
(i) 
leverage-based maximum distributable amount: an institution that is designated as a global 
systemically important bank (a “G-SIB”) that: (A) meets an applicable leverage ratio buffer shall 
not be entitled to make any distribution in connection with tier 1 capital to the extent this would 
decrease its tier 1 capital to a level where the leverage ratio buffer requirement is no longer met; and 
(B) is failing to meet an applicable leverage ratio buffer shall calculate a leverage ratio-based 
maximum distributable amount (the “L-MDA”) and must not make discretionary payments 
(payments relating to CET1 capital instruments, AT1 instruments (such as the Notes) and variable 
remuneration) which would, in aggregate, exceed such L-MDA. As with the risk-based MDA, the 
L-MDA restrictions are scaled according to the extent of the breach of the leverage buffer 
requirement and calculated by reference to the institution’s distributable profits, applying a scaling 
 
 
 
1 Including, in each case, 50 per cent. of profit for the period.

--- Page 65 ---
50 
factor depending on which quartile of the leverage buffer requirement the institution meets (such 
factor being 0 in the bottom quartile, 0.2 in the second quartile, 0.4 in the third quartile and 0.6 in 
the fourth quartile); and 
(ii) 
MREL-based maximum distributable amount: where an institution is failing to meet its buffer 
requirements as a result of its MREL requirement (but would meet its buffer requirements but for 
its MREL requirement), the relevant resolution authority, having considered certain specified 
factors, will be entitled (and, if non-compliance continues for an extended period, may, subject to 
certain exceptions, be required) to prohibit such institution from distributing more than a maximum 
distributable amount determined by reference to its MREL requirement (the “M-MDA”) by way of 
discretionary payments (payments relating to CET1 capital instruments, AT1 instruments (such as 
the Notes) and variable remuneration). As with the MDA and the L-MDA, the M-MDA restrictions 
are scaled according to the extent of the breach of the buffer requirement (when having regard to 
MREL requirements) and calculated by reference to the institution’s distributable profits, applying 
a scaling factor depending on which quartile of the buffer requirement the institution meets (such 
factor being 0 in the bottom quartile, 0.2 in the second quartile, 0.4 in the third quartile and 0.6 in 
the fourth quartile). 
On 9 April 2021, the Norwegian Ministry of Finance put forward a proposal related to the implementation 
of CRD V, CRR 2 and BRRD 2 in Norway, including the M-MDA restrictions and including an authority 
for the Norwegian Ministry of Finance to implement the L-MDA restrictions in a separate regulation. The 
proposed M-MDA amendments were passed by the Norwegian Parliament 11 June 2021 and came into 
effect on 1 June 2022 through the Norwegian Financial Institutions Act § 20-9a, which states that the Issuer, 
if it does not comply with the combined buffer requirements according to the Norwegian Financial 
Institutions Act § 14-3 and the minimum requirements for own funds and eligible liabilities according to 
the Norwegian Financial Institutions Act § 20-9, needs to give notice to the NFSA. Pursuant to such notice, 
the NFSA can decide whether the Issuer will become constrained by M-MDA restrictions with respect to 
making discretionary payments. If the NFSA were to impose such an M-MDA restriction on the Issuer 
and/or the Group in such circumstances, it may be necessary for the Issuer to reduce discretionary payments, 
including potentially cancelling (in whole or in part) interest payments in respect of the Notes. 
With respect to L-MDA, it is currently unclear whether specific L-MDA requirements will be implemented 
in full or at all under Norwegian law. If such requirements are implemented in Norwegian law, a breach of 
the L-MDA may require the Issuer and/or the Group to reduce discretionary payments, including potentially 
cancelling (in whole or in part) interest payments in respect of the Notes. 
Interaction between Maximum Distributable Amounts and Pillar 2  
As noted under “Factors that may affect the Issuer’s ability to fulfil its obligations under the Notes—Risks 
Related to the Legal and Regulatory Environments in which the DNB Group Operates—The financial 
services industry is subject to intensive regulation, including capital adequacy regulation, and the 
regulatory framework is subject to change—Capital adequacy and liquidity requirements”, in addition to 
Pillar 1 minimum capital requirements and buffer capital requirements, a regulator may impose a Pillar 2 
capital requirement on any institution it regulates, such requirement being calibrated individually for such 
institution to address the specific risk profile of such institution. A Pillar 2 capital requirement can be 
imposed, increased, decreased or withdrawn by the relevant regulator at any time.  
The quantum of any Pillar 2 requirement imposed on a bank, the type of capital which it must apply to 
meeting such capital requirements, and whether the Pillar 2 requirement is ‘stacked’ below the capital 
buffers (i.e. the bank’s capital resources must first be applied to meeting the Pillar 2 requirements in full 
before capital can be applied to meeting the capital buffers) or ‘stacked’ above the capital buffers (i.e. the 
bank’s capital resources can be applied to meeting the capital buffers in priority to the Pillar 2 requirement) 
may all impact a bank’s ability to make discretionary payments on its tier 1 capital, including interest 
payments on AT1 instruments such as the Notes.

--- Page 66 ---
51 
Prior to 1 June 2022, the Issuer and the Group’s Pillar 2 capital requirements were stacked above the capital 
buffers. Following the implementation of CRD V, CRR 2 and BRRD 2 in Norway on 1 June 2022, the 
Issuer and the Group’s Pillar 2 requirements are now stacked below the capital buffers, and accordingly 
included in the Maximum Distributable Amount trigger level. This amendment increases the risk that the 
Issuer may become constrained by Maximum Distributable Amount restrictions with respect to making 
discretionary payments, including payments of interest on AT1 instruments such as the Notes, since the 
CET1 capital resources of the Issuer and the Group will need to be applied to meeting Pillar 2 requirements 
before such resources can be applied to meeting the buffer requirements. Accordingly, as at 31 December 
2023, the Maximum Distributable Amount threshold is approximately 15.5 per cent. for the Issuer and 15.6 
per cent. for the Group. 
Further to the SREP for 2023, the NFSA announced on 4 December 2023 that the Pillar 2 requirement for 
the Issuer and the Group had been set at 2.0 per cent. of REA. In line with Article 104a of the Capital 
Requirements Directive, the Pillar 2 requirement must be fulfilled with approximately 1.1 per cent. CET1 
capital (corresponding to 56.25 per cent. of the overall Pillar 2 requirement), approximately 0.4 per cent. 
additional tier 1 capital (corresponding to 18.75 per cent. of the overall Pillar 2 requirement) and 
approximately 0.5 per cent. tier 2 capital (corresponding to 25 per cent. of the overall Pillar 2 requirement). 
Further, the NFSA also advised that the Issuer and the Group should hold a CET1 capital buffer of not less 
than 1.25 per cent. on top of the total CET1 capital requirement. The updated Pillar 2 requirement and Pillar 
2 Guidance have applied since 31 December 2023. 
There can be no assurance as to the applicable future Pillar 2 additional own funds requirements which may 
be imposed on the Issuer and/or the Group, nor as to how the NFSA’s policy with respect to Pillar 2 
requirements may develop in the future. 
The requirements are calculated by reference to a number of factors any one of which, or combination of 
which, may not be easily observable or capable of calculation by investors. Further, the NFSA may raise 
the capital requirement of the Issuer to cover other risks without such information being disclosed to the 
public. Accordingly, investors in the Notes may not be able to assess or predict accurately the proximity of 
the risk of interest payments not being made. 
The Notes may be traded with accrued interest, but (i) under certain circumstances described above, 
such interest will be cancelled and not paid on the scheduled payment date and (ii) the Issuer retains full 
discretion to cancel interest otherwise scheduled to be paid on any date. 
The Notes may trade, and/or the prices for the Notes may appear, in any trading systems and/or on any 
stock exchange on which the Notes are for the time being quoted, with accrued interest. If this occurs, 
purchasers of Notes in the secondary market will pay a price that reflects such accrued interest upon 
purchase of the Notes. However, if a payment of interest is cancelled (in whole or in part) as described 
herein and thus is not due and payable, purchasers of such Notes will not be entitled to that interest payment 
(or, if the Issuer elects to make a payment of a portion, but not all, of such interest payment, the portion of 
such interest payment not paid) on the relevant scheduled payment date or thereafter. 
Upon the occurrence of a Trigger Event, the principal amount of the Notes will be Written Down. 
The Notes are being issued for capital adequacy regulatory purposes with the intention and purpose of being 
eligible as AT1 capital of the Issuer and the Group. Such eligibility depends upon a number of conditions 
being satisfied, which are reflected in the Conditions of the Notes. One of these relates to the ability of the 
Notes and the proceeds of their issue to be available to absorb any losses of any of the Issuer and the Group.  
Accordingly, if at any time the CET1 Ratio (calculated as provided in the Conditions) of the Issuer and/or 
the Group falls below 5.125 per cent., the Issuer shall immediately notify the NFSA and, without delay and 
by no later than one month (or such shorter period as the NFSA may then require) from the occurrence of 
the relevant Trigger Event, shall:

--- Page 67 ---
52 
(a) 
cancel all interest accrued to (but excluding) the Write Down Date (whether or not such interest 
has become due for payment and including any interest scheduled for payment on the Write Down 
Date); and  
(b) 
(without the need for the consent of Noteholders) reduce the then Outstanding Principal Amount 
of each Note by the relevant Write Down Amount (such reduction, a “Write Down” and “Written 
Down” being construed accordingly). 
The relevant Write Down Amount of each Note will be the lower of (i) and (ii) below: 
(i) 
the amount per Note which is determined by the Issuer to be necessary (in conjunction with (a) the 
concurrent Write Down of the other outstanding Notes of that Series and (b) the concurrent (or 
substantially concurrent) write-down or conversion into equity of, or other loss absorption 
measures taken in respect of, any other Loss Absorbing Instruments) to restore each of the Issuer 
and/or the Group’s (as applicable) CET1 Ratio to at least the Trigger Event Level (and so that the 
lowest of such CET1 Ratios is equal to (or as near as is practicable equal to but not less than) the 
Trigger Event Level); and 
(ii) 
the amount necessary to reduce the Outstanding Principal Amount of each Note to the Minimum 
Outstanding Principal Amount. 
Write Down of the Notes will be effected, save as may otherwise be required by the NFSA, pro rata with 
(a) the concurrent Write Down of the other outstanding Notes of that Series and (b) the concurrent (or 
substantially concurrent) write-down or conversion into equity, as the case may be, of any Loss Absorbing 
Instruments (based on the prevailing principal amount of the relevant Loss Absorbing Instrument), 
provided, however, that: 
(1) 
with respect to each Loss Absorbing Instrument (if any), such pro rata write down or conversion 
shall only be taken into account to the extent required to restore the relevant CET1 Ratio(s) to the 
lower of (i) such Loss Absorbing Instrument’s trigger level and (ii) the Trigger Event Level; and 
(2) 
if for any reason the Issuer is unable to effect the concurrent (or substantially concurrent) write-
down or conversion of any given Loss Absorbing Instruments within the period required by the 
NFSA, the Notes will be Written Down notwithstanding that the relevant Loss Absorbing 
Instruments are not also written down or converted (and, in such circumstances, the Write Down 
Amount may be higher than would otherwise have been the case). 
For the avoidance of doubt, any Loss Absorbing Instruments with a trigger level expressed by reference to 
a relevant CET1 Ratio falling below a level which is equal to or higher than the relevant Trigger Event 
Level may be expected to share losses pro rata with the Notes until the relevant CET1 Ratio(s) have been 
restored to the relevant Trigger Event Level. If, at the relevant time, there are outstanding any Loss 
Absorbing Instruments with a trigger level expressed by reference to a relevant CET1 Ratio falling below 
a level which is lower than the relevant Trigger Event Level, such Loss Absorbing Instruments may be 
expected, under their terms, to share losses pro rata with the Notes only if any relevant CET1 Ratio(s) fall 
below such lower threshold, and only to the extent necessary to restore the relevant CET1 Ratio(s) to such 
lower threshold. 
The Write Down of the Notes will affect the claims of Noteholders in various respects. Firstly, in the event 
of a winding-up of the Issuer, the claims of Noteholders will be in respect of the Outstanding Principal 
Amount of the Notes at the time of the winding-up of the Issuer, and not for the Original Principal Amount. 
Similarly, upon a redemption of the Notes by the Issuer at its option pursuant to Condition 8(c) or following 
the occurrence of a Capital Event, a Tax Event or a Withholding Tax Event, the redemption amount of each 
Note will be its Outstanding Principal Amount at the time of such redemption (together, subject as provided 
in the Conditions, with accrued and unpaid interest) and not its Original Principal Amount.

--- Page 68 ---
53 
Secondly, interest will accrue only on the Outstanding Principal Amount of the Notes from time to time, 
and accordingly for so long as the Outstanding Principal Amount of the Notes is less than their Original 
Principal Amount, the maximum amount of interest which may be paid by the Issuer (subject always to 
applicable payment restrictions and interest cancellation as provided above) on any Interest Payment Date 
shall be less than if no Write Down had occurred. 
In addition, as the occurrence of a Trigger Event is linked to the CET1 Ratios of the Issuer and the Group, 
any reduction in any such CET1 Ratio may have an adverse effect on the market price of the Notes, and 
such adverse effect may be particularly significant if there is any indication or expectation that any such 
CET1 Ratio is or may be trending towards the relevant Trigger Event Level. 
A Write Down may occur on any one or more occasions, and the Outstanding Principal Amount of the 
Notes may be reduced in part or in whole. Noteholders will not be entitled to any compensation or other 
payment as a result of any Write Down of the Notes. Accordingly, if a Trigger Event occurs, Noteholders 
could lose all or part of the value of their investment in the Notes if the Issuer subsequently redeems the 
Notes or a winding-up of the Issuer occurs, or if the Noteholder sells its Notes.  
The occurrence of a Trigger Event is inherently unpredictable and depends on a number of factors, which 
may be outside the control of the Issuer. Whilst the Issuer is required to publish information regarding the 
regulatory capital ratios of the Issuer and the Group as part of its financial statements each quarter, the 
determination that a Trigger Event has occurred may be made at any time and shall be based on information 
(whether or not published) available to management of the Issuer, including information internally reported 
within the Issuer and/or the Group (as applicable) pursuant to procedures for ensuring effective on-going 
monitoring of the capital ratios of the Issuer and the Group. Accordingly, whether or not any such CET1 
Ratio is trending towards the relevant Trigger Event Level may not be easily visible to Noteholders or other 
prospective investors. Accordingly, investors may be unable accurately to predict if and when a Trigger 
Event may occur. See “The circumstances surrounding or triggering a Write Down are unpredictable, and 
there are a number of factors that could affect the CET1 Ratio of the Issuer and/or the Group” below. 
Whilst the Conditions provide for Discretionary Reinstatement of the principal amount of the Notes in 
certain circumstances, any such Discretionary Reinstatement will be in the sole and absolute discretion of 
the Issuer, and there is no provision for the automatic Discretionary Reinstatement of the Notes in any 
circumstances and any Discretionary Reinstatement will be subject to certain restrictions.  Discretionary 
Reinstatement may only occur if each of the Issuer and the Group generates a net profit in any given 
financial year, and only a specified percentage of the lowest of any such profits will be available for the 
Issuer to apply (in its sole discretion) to a Discretionary Reinstatement of the Notes. See Condition 7 for 
further details on the calculation of such amount. Further, a Discretionary Reinstatement will not be effected 
in circumstances where it would cause a Trigger Event, or would result in any Maximum Distributable 
Amount then applicable to the Issuer and/or the Group to be exceeded. Even if, following a Trigger Event, 
the Issuer and the Group each record net profits, there can be no assurance that any Discretionary 
Reinstatement of any part of the principal amount of the Notes will be effected. 
In addition to Write Down of the Notes in accordance with the Conditions, the principal amount of the 
Notes may be written down pursuant to the Norwegian Financial Institutions Act – see “The Notes may 
become subject to resolution actions under the Norwegian implementation of BRRD, and may be written 
down or converted into equity in certain circumstances” below. 
The circumstances surrounding or triggering a Write Down are unpredictable, and there are a number 
of factors that could affect the CET1 Ratio of the Issuer and/or the Group.  
The occurrence of a Trigger Event is inherently unpredictable and depends on a number of factors, which 
may be outside the control of the Issuer. The CET1 Ratio of the Issuer and the Group can be expected to 
fluctuate on an on-going basis and could be affected by one or more factors, including, among other things, 
changes in the mix of the business of the Issuer and/or the Group, major events affecting their respective

--- Page 69 ---
54 
earnings, distributions payments, regulatory changes (including changes to definitions and calculations of 
the CET1 Ratio and its components, including CET1 and REA) and their ability to manage REA.  
In making strategic decisions, including in respect of capital management, the Issuer expects to have regard 
to the interests of all stakeholders in the Issuer as a whole and not to prioritise the particular interests of any 
group of stakeholders (such as investors in the Notes or other capital providers). However, Noteholders will 
not have any claim against the Issuer or any other member of the Group in relation to strategic decisions 
that affect the business and operations of the Issuer or the Group, including if such decisions result in a 
deterioration in their capital position and an increased risk of the occurrence of a Trigger Event. 
Further, the calculation of the CET1 Ratio of the Issuer and/or the Group may also be affected by changes 
in applicable accounting rules, or by changes to regulatory adjustments which modify the regulatory capital 
impact of accounting rules, whether or not the underlying data of the Issuer and/or the Group which feeds 
into such accounting or regulatory framework changes.  
It will be difficult to predict when, if at all, a Trigger Event may occur. Accordingly, the trading behaviour 
of the Notes is not necessarily expected to follow the trading behaviour of other types of securities without 
this feature. Any indication that a Trigger Event may occur can be expected to have a material adverse 
effect on the market price of the Notes. 
The Maximum Distributable Amount, Trigger Event and Discretionary Reinstatement will be affected 
by the performance of the Group’s non-banking businesses as well as the performance of its banking 
operations. 
In addition to the banking activities of the Group, the Group also offers a range of other financial services 
including asset management activities organised under DNB Asset Management Holding AS and life 
insurance and pension saving products offered by DNB Livsforsikring. Please see “Description of the Bank 
and the DNB Group — Legal Structure of the DNB Group” below for further details. As a result, the 
financial performance of the Group and, therefore, the potential for payment restrictions on the Notes, the 
occurrence of a Trigger Event and/or Discretionary Reinstatement, may all be affected by or subject to a 
range of factors affecting those non-banking businesses. 
In particular, the calculation of the Group’s CET1 Ratio, which is directly linked to a Trigger Event under 
the Notes and relevant to whether or not the Group is meeting its combined buffer requirement, may be 
affected by the performance of the insurance business. The investments in the insurance businesses in 
accordance with the current Norwegian regulation are reflected in the capital adequacy of the Group by 
way of a deduction and risk weighting approach similar to article 48 of the CRR. Investments in insurance 
subsidiaries are risk weighted at 250 per cent. within an aggregated limit of 10 per cent. of the Group’s 
CET1 capital and will be deducted from the CET1 capital for the part of the investment exceeding this 
limit. Negative performance and increased capital needs in the insurance business may have a negative 
impact on the Group’s CET1 Ratio. Norwegian authorities have implemented key elements of the 
transitional rules applicable to Solvency II. Among other measures, there is an option for companies to 
apply for a 16 year transition period before the full effect of Solvency II has to be recognised. DNB 
Livsforsikring has been granted permission to take advantage of this transition period. 
According to IFRS, the Group shall assess at the end of each reporting period whether its recognised 
insurance liabilities are adequate, using current estimates of future cash flows under its insurance contracts. 
If that assessment shows that the carrying amount of its insurance liabilities is inadequate in the light of 
future cash flows, the entire deficiency shall be recognised in profit or loss. Hence, the Group’s CET1 
capital will be reduced accordingly, which may adversely affect the Group’s CET1 Ratio.  
The Group also comprises DNB Asset Management and the performance of this business will also be 
recognised in the Group’s financial position. Hence, a negative performance in the Asset Management 
business will negatively impact the financial performance and the CET1 Ratio of the Group, which could

--- Page 70 ---
55 
affect the Issuer’s ability to make discretionary payments, including payments (in full or in part) of interest, 
on the Notes. 
The Notes may become subject to resolution actions under the Norwegian implementation of BRRD, and 
may be written down or converted into equity in certain circumstances. 
As further described above under “Factors that may affect the Issuer’s ability to fulfil its obligations under 
the Notes—Risks Related to the Legal and Regulatory Environments in which the DNB Group Operates—
The financial services industry is subject to intensive regulation, including capital adequacy regulation, 
and the regulatory framework is undergoing major changes—Bank winding up and crisis management”, 
the implementation of BRRD into Norwegian law via Chapter 20 of the Norwegian Financial Institutions 
Act provides significant powers to the Norwegian resolution authorities to resolve a failing bank.  
The Notes may be subject to write down or conversion into equity on any application of the non-viability 
loss absorption powers or the general bail-in tool, which may result in Noteholders losing some or all of 
their investment in the Notes or their rights in respect of the Notes and/or the value of their investment may 
otherwise be materially adversely affected. Such application could also involve modifications, including 
alteration of the principal amount or any interest payable on the Notes, the dates (if any) on which payments 
may be due, as well as the suspension of payments for a certain period, to or the disapplication of provisions 
in, the Conditions. As a result, the exercise of any power under the BRRD as implemented in Norway could 
materially adversely affect the rights of Noteholders.  
Any instruments written down, converted to equity and/or cancelled pursuant to these powers will not be 
reinstated in whole or in part at any time. Accordingly, if the principal amount of the Notes were to be 
written down or converted to equity pursuant to the powers under the Norwegian implementation of BRRD 
at Chapter 20 of the Norwegian Financial Institutions Act, then there will be no Discretionary Reinstatement 
of the Notes under the Conditions in respect of that part of the principal which has been so written down or 
converted to equity.  
The write down or conversion to equity of the Notes under the Norwegian implementation of BRRD will 
affect the claims of Noteholders in various respects. Firstly, in the event of a winding-up of the Issuer, the 
claims of Noteholders will be in respect of the Outstanding Principal Amount of the Notes at the time of 
the winding-up of the Issuer, and not for the Original Principal Amount. Similarly, upon any redemption 
of the Notes by the Issuer at its option pursuant to Condition 8(c) or following the occurrence of a Capital 
Event, a Tax Event or a Withholding Tax Event, the redemption amount of each Note will be its Outstanding 
Principal Amount (together with accrued and unpaid interest) and not its Original Principal Amount.  
In addition, interest will accrue only on the Outstanding Principal Amount of the Notes from time to time, 
and accordingly for so long as the Outstanding Principal Amount of the Notes is less than their Original 
Principal Amount, the maximum amount of interest which may be paid by the Issuer (subject always to 
cancellation as provided in the Conditions) on any scheduled payment date shall be less than if the Notes 
had not been written down or converted to equity. 
The circumstances in which the Notes may be written down or converted to equity pursuant to the resolution 
powers afforded to the Norwegian resolution authorities under the Norwegian implementation of BRRD 
are not identical to the circumstances in which a Write Down will occur following a Trigger Event, and 
there can be no assurance that a Write Down following a Trigger Event would occur before the Norwegian 
authorities elect to exercise their write-down or conversion powers in respect of the Notes under the 
Norwegian implementation of BRRD. Further, if a Trigger Event were to occur simultaneously with the 
exercise of the resolution powers by the Norwegian resolution authorities, the latter may prevail, with the 
effect that the Notes may be written down or converted to equity in full in circumstances where there would 
only be a partial write-down under the Conditions.

--- Page 71 ---
56 
In addition, the market price of the Notes could be adversely affected by any actual or anticipated use of 
the powers thereunder in respect of the Issuer, the Group and/or the Notes. Any action taken under such 
legislation in respect of the Issuer or the Group could also affect the ability of the Issuer to satisfy its 
obligations under the Notes. 
Under the terms of the Notes, investors agree to be bound by and consent to the exercise of any Norwegian 
bail-in power by the relevant Norwegian resolution authority which gives such authority the ability to 
cancel, write-down the principal and/or interest, convert the Notes into equity securities or make other 
modifications to the Notes. In the event that Condition 22 were to be considered ineffective or 
unenforceable, the Issuer may substitute or vary the Notes to ensure the effectiveness and enforceability of 
Condition 22, such that any exercise of the relevant powers by the Norwegian resolution authority would 
be effective, which may adversely affect the rights of Noteholders. 
The Notes do not contain events of default and the enforcement rights available to Noteholders under 
the Notes are limited. 
The terms of the Notes do not provide for any events of default. Noteholders may not at any time demand 
repayment or redemption of their Notes, and enforcement rights for any payment are limited to the claim 
of Noteholders in a winding-up of the Issuer. In a winding-up of the Issuer, the holder of any Note may 
prove or claim in such proceedings in respect of such Note, such claim being for payment of the Outstanding 
Principal Amount of such Note at the time of commencement of such winding-up together with any interest 
accrued and unpaid on such Note (to the extent that the same is not cancelled in accordance with the terms 
of the Notes) from (and including) the Interest Payment Date immediately preceding commencement of 
such winding-up and any other amounts payable on such Note under the Conditions.  
A Noteholder may not itself file for the liquidation or bankruptcy of the Issuer. 
The terms of the Notes contain very limited covenants. 
There is no negative pledge in respect of the Notes. In addition, the Issuer is generally permitted to sell or 
otherwise dispose of any or substantially all of its assets to another corporation or other entity under the 
terms of the Notes. If the Issuer decides to dispose of a large amount of its assets, Noteholders will not be 
entitled to require repayment of the Notes or have any other recourse to the Issuer in respect of such 
disposal, and those assets will no longer be available to support the Notes. In addition, the Notes do not 
require the Issuer to comply with financial covenants or otherwise limit its ability or that of its subsidiaries 
to incur additional debt, nor do they limit the Issuer’s ability to use cash to make investments or acquisitions, 
or the ability of the Issuer or its subsidiaries to pay dividends, repurchase shares or otherwise distribute 
cash to shareholders. Such actions could potentially affect the Issuer’s ability to service its debt obligations, 
including its obligations under the Notes. 
The Notes are not protected under the Norwegian Banksikringsfond. 
The Banksikringsfond is the statutory fund of last resort for customers of authorised financial services firms 
paying compensation to customers if the firm is unable, or likely to be unable, to pay certain claims 
(including in respect of deposits and insurance policies) made against it (together, “Protected Liabilities”). 
The Notes are not, however, Protected Liabilities under such scheme and, moreover, are not guaranteed or 
insured by any government, government agency or compensation scheme of the Kingdom of Norway or 
any other jurisdiction. As such, Noteholders do not receive the same protection for their investment in the 
Notes as they would for investments in Protected Liabilities.

--- Page 72 ---
57 
There is no scheduled redemption date for the Notes and Noteholders have no right to require 
redemption. 
The Notes have no fixed maturity. The Issuer has no obligation at any time to redeem the Notes, and 
Noteholders have no rights to require redemption or purchase of the Notes by the Issuer at any time. 
The Issuer may redeem the Notes (in whole but not in part) in its sole discretion, subject to compliance with 
Applicable Banking Regulations (including, if so required thereunder, obtaining the approval of the NFSA), 
on: (i) any Optional Redemption Date; or (ii) on any date if the Residual Holding Percentage or more of 
the aggregate nominal amount of the Notes originally issued (and, for this purpose, any further Notes issued 
pursuant to Condition 19 which are, or are to be, consolidated and form a single series with the outstanding 
Notes shall be deemed to have been originally issued) has been purchased and cancelled in accordance with 
Condition 8, in each case at their Redemption Amount.  
Further, following the occurrence of a Capital Event, a Tax Event or a Withholding Tax Event (each as 
further described below), the Issuer may redeem the Notes (in whole but not in part) in its sole discretion, 
subject to compliance with Applicable Banking Regulations (including, if so required thereunder, obtaining 
the approval of the NFSA), at any time (or, in the case of Floating Rate Notes, on any Interest Payment 
Date), at their Redemption Amount. For these purposes: 
• 
a Capital Event will occur if the Issuer determines, after consultation with the NFSA, that as a 
result of a change (or pending change) in the regulatory classification of the Notes under the 
Applicable Banking Regulations that occurs on or after the issue date of the most recent Tranche 
of the Notes, the entire Outstanding Principal Amount of the Notes or any part thereof is (or would 
be) excluded from the Tier 1 Capital of the Issuer and/or the Group;  
• 
a Tax Event will occur if the Issuer has received an opinion of counsel in the Kingdom of Norway 
(experienced in such matters) to the effect that, as a result of a Change in Law (as defined in the 
Conditions) (A) the Issuer is, or will be, subject to additional taxes, duties or other governmental 
charges or civil liabilities with respect to the Notes; or (B) the Isuer is not, or will not be, entitled 
to claim a deduction in respect of any payments of interest in respect of the Notes in computing 
its taxation liabilities (or such deduction would be materially reduced); or (C) the treatment of any 
of the Issuer’s items of income or expense with respect to the Notes as reflected on the tax returns 
(including estimated returns) filed (or to be filed) by the Issuer will not be respected by a taxing 
authority, which subjects the Issuer to additional taxes, duties or other governmental charges; and  
• 
a Withholding Tax Event will occur if the Issuer has received an opinion of counsel in the 
Kingdom of Norway (experienced in such matters) to the effect that, as a result of a Change in 
Law the Issuer is or will be required to pay additional amounts as provided in Condition 9.  
The circumstances in which a Capital Event, a Tax Event or a Withholding Tax Event may occur may be 
difficult accurately to predict. 
At any time when the Notes may be redeemed by the Issuer or the market anticipates that the redemption 
right will become available, the market price of the Notes is unlikely to substantially exceed the price at 
which the Issuer may elect to redeem the Notes. If the Issuer redeems the Notes in any of the circumstances 
mentioned above, there is a risk that the Notes may be redeemed at times when the redemption proceeds 
are less than the current market value of the Notes or when prevailing interest rates may be relatively low, 
in which latter case Noteholders may only be able to reinvest the redemption proceeds in securities with a 
lower yield. Potential investors should consider reinvestment risk in light of other investments available at 
that time. 
It is not possible to predict whether the events referred to above will occur and lead to circumstances in 
which the Issuer may elect to redeem the Notes, and if so whether or not the Issuer will satisfy the

--- Page 73 ---
58 
conditions, or elect, to redeem the Notes. The Issuer may be more likely to exercise its option to redeem 
the Notes at a time when its funding costs would be lower than the prevailing interest rate payable in respect 
of the Notes. If the Notes are so redeemed, there can be no assurance that Noteholders will be able to 
reinvest the amounts received upon redemption at a rate that will provide as favourable a rate of return as 
their investment in the Notes. 
Substitution and variation. 
If at any time a Tax Event, a Withholding Tax Event or a Capital Event occurs, or in order to ensure the 
effectiveness and enforceability of Condition 22, the Issuer may, instead of giving notice to redeem the 
Notes, but solely to the extent permitted at such time by, and subject to compliance with, the Applicable 
Banking Regulations (including, if so required thereunder, obtaining the approval of the NFSA), upon 
giving notice to the Noteholders, either substitute all (but not some only) of the Notes for, or vary the terms 
of the Notes (including, in either case, changing the governing law of Condition 22 from English law to 
Norwegian law) provided that they remain or become, Compliant Additional Tier 1 Notes (as defined in 
the Conditions). 
Whilst, other than in respect of the effectiveness and enforceability of Condition 22, Compliant Additional 
Tier 1 Notes must have terms which (as reasonably determined by the Issuer) are not materially less 
favourable to the Noteholders than the Notes, there can be no assurance that the terms of the substitute or 
varied Notes will be as favourable to all Noteholders in all circumstances. 
Limitation on gross-up obligation under the Notes. 
The Issuer’s obligation under Condition 9 to pay additional amounts in the event of any withholding or 
deduction in respect of taxes on any payments under the terms of the Notes applies only to payments of 
interest and not to payments of principal or any other amounts. As such, the Issuer would not be required 
to pay any additional amounts under the terms of the Notes to the extent any withholding or deduction 
applied to payments of principal. Accordingly, if any such withholding or deduction were to apply to any 
payments of principal under the Notes, Noteholders may receive less than the full amount of principal due 
under the Notes upon redemption, and the market value of the Notes may be adversely affected. 
Holders may be subject to FATCA withholding. 
Under certain provisions of the U.S. Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended, and Treasury regulations 
promulgated thereunder (commonly referred to as “FATCA”), as well as certain intergovernmental 
agreements between the United States and certain other countries together with local country implementing 
legislation, a 30 per cent. withholding tax may be imposed on all or some of the payments on the Notes, if 
those payments are treated as “foreign passthru payments”, to holders of the Notes and non-U.S. financial 
institutions receiving payments on behalf of such holders that, in each case, fail to comply with information 
reporting, certification and related requirements. Under current regulations, the term “foreign passthru 
payments” is not defined, and it is not yet clear whether or to what extent payments on the Notes may be 
subject to this withholding tax. However, the U.S. Internal Revenue Service (the “IRS”) has indicated that 
it will not apply withholding tax to any foreign passthru payments made prior to two years after the date on 
which final regulations on this issue are published. This withholding tax, if it applies, could apply to any 
payment made with respect to the Notes, including payments of both principal and interest. Moreover, 
withholding may be imposed at any point in a chain of payments if a non-U.S. payee fails to comply with 
U.S. information reporting, certification and related requirements. Accordingly, Notes held through a non-
compliant institution may be subject to withholding even if the holder of the Notes otherwise would not be 
subject to withholding. 
If withholding is required in respect of this withholding tax, the Issuer will not be required to pay any 
additional amounts with respect to any amounts withheld. Noteholders are urged to consult their tax

--- Page 74 ---
59 
advisers and any banks or brokers through which they will hold the Notes as to the consequences (if any) 
of these rules to them. 
The Conditions contain provisions which may permit their modification without the consent of all 
investors. 
The Conditions refer to provisions for calling meetings of Noteholders to consider matters affecting their 
interests generally, with such provisions set out in full in the Agency Agreement. These provisions permit 
defined majorities to bind all Noteholders, including Noteholders who did not attend and vote at the relevant 
meeting and Noteholders who voted in a manner contrary to the majority. Any such modification will be 
binding on all of the Noteholders of such Series of Notes, notwithstanding that they did not consent to such 
modification, waiver or authorisation. 
In addition, the Issuer may make, without the consent of Noteholders but subject to Condition 8(h): 
(i) 
any modification (except such modifications in respect of which an increased quorum is required 
as mentioned in the Conditions) to the Notes and/or the Conditions which the Issuer deems in its 
sole opinion is not materially prejudicial to the interests of Noteholders;  
(ii) 
any modification to the Notes and/or the Conditions which is necessary to effect any Benchmark 
Amendments, any Benchmark Replacement Adjustment and/or any Benchmark Replacement 
Conforming Changes in the circumstances and as otherwise set out in Conditions 3(d) and 3(e), as 
applicable; or 
(iii) 
any modification to the Notes and/or the Conditions which the Issuer in its sole opinion considers 
is of a formal, minor or technical nature or is made to correct a manifest error or to comply with 
mandatory provisions of Norwegian law.  
Any such modification shall be binding on Noteholders. 
With respect to (i) above, the inclusion of a term in the Conditions that prohibits or restricts the Issuer’s 
discretion to cancel payments of interest otherwise scheduled to be paid on an Interest Payment Date 
following the occurrence of a Capital Event will be treated as a modification which is not prejudicial to the 
interests of Noteholders, provided that the inclusion of such term does not result in the occurrence of a 
Capital Event, a Withholding Tax Event or a Tax Event. 
A major part of the Group's retail mortgage portfolio comprises the cover pool for the covered bonds 
issued by Boligkreditt, which once transferred are not available to holders of the Notes in the case of 
insolvency or liquidation of the Issuer. 
A major part of the Group's retail mortgage portfolio comprises the cover pool for the covered bonds issued 
by Boligkreditt. Residential mortgages transferred by the Issuer to Boligkreditt or originated by Boligkreditt 
through the Group distribution channels comprise the cover pool and thereby serve as security for holders 
of the covered bonds issued by Boligkreditt (and also counterparties under derivatives contracts entered 
into for hedging purposes in relation to such covered bonds). Once transferred, these mortgages do not form 
part of the general assets of the Issuer that would be available to holders of the Notes in the case of 
insolvency or liquidation of the Issuer. The Group intends to cover a significant part of its long-term funding 
requirement through the additional issuance of covered bonds, which will be secured by mortgages 
originated by Boligkreditt through the Group's distribution channels and/or by further transfers of retail 
mortgages from the Issuer to Boligkreditt. The Notes are unsecured obligations of the Issuer, and the holders 
of Notes are structurally subordinated to the covered bondholders and such hedge counterparties to the 
extent of the cover pool, and are not likely to ever have access to this cover pool should the Issuer become 
insolvent or be liquidated.

--- Page 75 ---
60 
A holder of a beneficial interest in a Global Note must rely on the procedures of the relevant clearing 
system and its participants to receive payments under the Notes. 
Notes issued under the Programme will be represented on issue by one or more Global Notes that may be 
deposited with a common depositary or common safekeeper for Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg. 
Except in the circumstances described in each Global Note, investors will not be entitled to receive Notes 
in definitive form. Each of Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg and their respective direct and indirect 
participants will maintain records of the beneficial interests in each Global Note held through it. While the 
Notes are represented by a Global Note, investors will be able to trade their beneficial interests only through 
the relevant clearing systems and their respective participants. 
While the Notes are represented by Global Notes, the Issuer will discharge its payment obligation under 
the Notes by making payments through the relevant clearing systems. A holder of a beneficial interest in a 
Global Note must rely on the procedures of the relevant clearing system and its participants to receive 
payments under the Notes. The Issuer has no responsibility or liability for the records relating to, or 
payments made in respect of, beneficial interests in any Global Note. 
Holders of beneficial interests in a Global Note will not have a direct right to vote in respect of the Notes 
so represented. Instead, such holders will be permitted to act only to the extent that they are enabled by the 
relevant clearing system and its participants to appoint appropriate proxies. 
Holders of VPS Notes will have to rely on the VPS procedures.  
VPS Notes will be issued in uncertificated, dematerialised book-entry form and registered in the VPS. Legal 
title to VPS Notes will be evidenced by book entries in the records of the VPS. Settlement of sale and 
purchase transactions in respect of VPS Notes in the VPS will take place two Oslo business days after the 
date of the relevant transaction. Transfers of interests in VPS Notes will take place in accordance with the 
rules and procedures for the time being of the VPS. 
Each person who is for the time being shown in the records of the VPS as the holder of a particular nominal 
amount of such VPS Notes (in which regard any certificate or other document issued by the VPS as to the 
nominal amount of such VPS Notes standing to the account of any person shall, save in the case of manifest 
error, be conclusive and binding for all purposes, including any form of statement or print out of electronic 
records provided by the VPS in accordance with its usual procedures and in which the holder of a particular 
nominal amount of such VPS Notes is clearly identified together with the amount of such holding) shall be 
treated by the Issuer, the VPS Account Manager and the Paying Agent as the holder of such nominal amount 
of such Notes for all purposes. 
Investors in VPS Notes will be dependent upon the proper operation of the VPS system in order to be able 
to exercise their rights in respect of such VPS Notes, including their rights to receive payments of principal 
and interest, and for effecting transfers of VPS Notes. 
The value of the Notes could be adversely affected by a change in English or Norwegian law or 
administrative practice. 
The Conditions are based on English law and, to the extent specified in Condition 21(a), Norwegian law. 
There can be no assurances as to the impact of any possible judicial decision or change to the laws of 
England or the laws of Norway, regulations or administrative practice after the date of issue of the relevant 
Notes or the interpretation thereof. 
Such changes in law may impact statutory, tax and regulatory regimes during the life of the Notes, which 
may have a material adverse impact on the value of the Notes. Such legislative and regulatory uncertainty 
could also affect an investor's ability to accurately value the Notes and, therefore, affect the trading price

--- Page 76 ---
61 
of the Notes given the extent and impact on the Notes that one or more regulatory or legislative changes, 
including those described above, could have on the Notes. 
Investors who purchase Bearer Notes in denominations that are not an integral multiple of the 
Specified Denomination may be adversely affected if definitive Notes are subsequently required to 
be issued. 
In relation to any issue of Bearer Notes which have denominations consisting of a minimum Specified 
Denomination plus an integral multiple of another smaller amount in excess thereof, it is possible that such 
Notes may be traded in amounts that are not integral multiples of such minimum Specified Denomination. 
In such a case, a Noteholder who, as a result of trading such amounts, holds an amount which is less than 
the minimum Specified Denomination in its account with the relevant clearing system at the relevant time 
may not receive a definitive Bearer Note in respect of such holding (should definitive Bearer Notes be 
printed) and would need to purchase a principal amount of Notes such that its holding amounts to a 
Specified Denomination. 
If definitive Bearer Notes are issued, Noteholders should be aware that definitive Notes which have a 
denomination that is not an integral multiple of the minimum Specified Denomination may be illiquid and 
difficult to trade. 
Legality of purchase. 
Neither the Issuer nor any of its affiliates has or assumes responsibility for the lawfulness of the acquisition 
of Notes by a prospective investor in such Notes, whether under the laws of the jurisdiction of its 
incorporation or the jurisdiction in which it operates (if different), or for compliance by that prospective 
investor with any law, regulation or regulatory policy applicable to it. If it is or becomes illegal for investors, 
or certain types of investors, to purchase the Notes there is a risk that Noteholders may not be able to sell 
their Notes at the price at which they purchased them, with the potential result that investors may lose some 
or all of their investment in the Notes. 
Risks related to interest features of the Notes 
The value of Fixed Rate Notes or Reset Notes may be adversely affected by movements in market 
interest rates. 
Investment in Fixed Rate Notes or Reset Notes involves the risk that if market interest rates subsequently 
increase above the relevant rate paid (subject as provided on the Conditions) on the Fixed Rate Notes or 
Reset Notes, this will adversely affect the value of the Fixed Rate Notes or Reset Notes. 
In addition, a holder of Reset Notes is also exposed to the risk of fluctuating interest rate levels and uncertain 
interest income. 
If the Notes include a feature to convert the interest basis from a fixed rate to a floating rate, or vice 
versa (any such Notes, "Fixed/Floating Rate Notes"), this may affect the secondary market and the 
market value of the Notes concerned. 
Fixed/Floating Rate Notes are Notes which bear interest at a rate that converts from a fixed rate to a floating 
rate, or from a floating rate to a fixed rate. Such a feature to convert the interest basis, and any conversion 
of the interest basis, may affect the secondary market in, and the market value of, such Notes as the change 
of interest basis may result in a lower interest return for Noteholders. Where the Notes convert from a fixed 
rate to a floating rate, the spread on the relevant Fixed/Floating Rate Notes may be less favourable than 
then-prevailing spreads on comparable Floating Rate Notes tied to the same reference rate. In addition, the 
new floating rate at any time may be lower than the rates on other Notes. Where the Notes convert from a

--- Page 77 ---
62 
floating rate to a fixed rate, the fixed rate may be lower than the then prevailing rates on those Notes and 
could affect the market value of an investment in the relevant Notes. 
Risks related to Notes which are linked to benchmarks.  
Interest rates and indices which are deemed "benchmarks", to which the interest on securities may be linked, 
are subject to ongoing national and international regulatory reforms. Some of these reforms are already 
effective while others are still to be implemented. These reforms and changes may cause a benchmark to 
perform differently than it has done in the past or to be discontinued. Any change in the performance of a 
benchmark or its discontinuation, could have a material adverse effect on any Notes referencing or linked 
to such benchmark, including possible adverse tax consequences for certain Noteholders. 
The EU Benchmarks Regulation applies, subject to certain transitional provisions, to the provision of 
benchmarks, the contribution of input data to a benchmark and the use of a benchmark, within the EU. 
Regulation (EU) No. 2016/1011 as it forms part of UK domestic law of the United Kingdom by virtue of 
the EUWA (the "UK Benchmarks Regulation") applies to the provision of benchmarks, the contribution 
of input data to a benchmark and the use of a benchmark, within the UK. The EU Benchmarks Regulation 
or the UK Benchmarks Regulation, as applicable, could have a material impact on any Notes linked to a 
benchmark, in particular, if the methodology or other terms of the benchmark are changed in order to 
comply with the terms of the EU Benchmarks Regulation or UK Benchmarks Regulation, and such changes 
could (amongst other things) have the effect of reducing or increasing the rate or level, or affecting the 
volatility of the published rate or level, of the benchmark.  
More broadly, any of the international, national or other proposals for reform, or the general increased 
regulatory scrutiny of benchmarks, could increase the costs and risks of administering or otherwise 
participating in the setting of a benchmark and complying with any such regulations or requirements. Such 
factors may have the effect of discouraging market participants from continuing to administer or contribute 
to certain "benchmarks", trigger changes in the rules or methodologies used in certain "benchmarks" or lead 
to the discontinuance or unavailability of quotes of certain "benchmarks". 
The euro risk free-rate working group for the euro area has published a set of guiding principles and high 
level recommendations for fallback provisions in, amongst other things, new euro denominated cash 
products (including debt securities such as the Notes) referencing EURIBOR.  The guiding principles 
indicate, amongst other things, that continuing to reference EURIBOR in relevant contracts (without robust 
fallback provisions) may increase the risk to the euro area financial system. On 11 May 2021, the euro risk-
free rate working group published its recommendations on EURIBOR fallback trigger events and fallback 
rates. 
Uncertainty as to the nature of alternative reference rates or other reforms relating to benchmarks may 
adversely affect the trading market for benchmark-linked securities. The potential elimination of 
benchmarks, the establishment of alternative reference rates or changes in the manner of administration of 
a benchmark could also require adjustments to the terms of benchmark-linked securities and may result in 
other consequences, such as interest payments that are lower than, or that do not otherwise correlate over 
time with, the payments that would have been made on those securities if the relevant benchmark was 
available in its current form. 
Alternative reference rates may be (or may be derived from) risk-free rates, which may perform very 
differently from the relevant predecessor rates (which typically include an interbank lending margin).  
Based on the foregoing, prospective investors should in particular be aware that: 
(a) 
any of these reforms or pressures described above or any other changes to a relevant interest rate 
benchmark could affect the level of the published rate, including to cause it to be lower and/or 
more volatile than it would otherwise be; and

--- Page 78 ---
63 
(b) 
if a benchmark is discontinued or is otherwise unavailable, then the rate of interest on the Notes 
will be determined for a period by the fallback provisions provided for under Condition 3, although 
such provisions are dependent in part upon the provision by reference banks of offered quotations 
for leading banks in the relevant interbank market and may not operate as intended (depending on 
market circumstances and the availability of rates information at the relevant time) and may in 
certain circumstances result in the effective application of a fixed rate based on the rate which 
applied in the previous period when the relevant benchmark was available. 
In addition, it should be noted that broadly divergent interest rate calculation methodologies may develop 
and apply as between the Notes due to applicable fallback provisions or other matters and the effects of this 
are uncertain but could include a reduction in the amounts available to the Issuer to meet its payment 
obligations in respect of the Notes. 
Moreover, any of the above matters or any other significant change to the setting or existence of any relevant 
interest rate benchmark could affect the ability of the Issuer to meet its obligations under the Notes and/or 
could have a material adverse effect on the value or liquidity of, and the amount payable under, the Notes. 
No assurance may be provided that relevant changes will not occur with respect to any relevant interest rate 
benchmark and/or that such benchmarks will continue to exist. Investors should consider these matters 
when making their investment decision with respect to Floating Rate Notes or Reset Notes. 
Investors should consult their own independent advisors and make their own assessment about the potential 
risks imposed by the EU Benchmarks Regulation and UK Benchmarks Regultaion reforms or possible 
cessation or reform of certain reference rates in making any investment decision with respect to any Notes 
linked to or referencing a benchmark. 
If any benchmark is discontinued, the rate of interest on the affected Notes will be changed in ways 
that may be adverse to holders of such Notes, without any requirement that the consent of such 
holders be obtained.  
If "Benchmark Discontinuation" is specified to be applicable in the applicable Final Terms (or, in the case 
of Exempt Notes, the applicable Pricing Supplement) for a Floating Rate Note or Reset Note, in the event 
that a Benchmark Event occurs in relation to an Original Reference Rate (which could include, without 
limitation, a benchmark, a screen rate and/or any component part thereof) when any Rate of Interest (or any 
component part thereof) remains to be determined by reference to such Original Reference Rate, then the 
Issuer shall use its reasonable endeavours to determine a Successor Rate, failing which an Alternative Rate 
and the applicable Adjustment Spread (which may be positive, negative or zero). If any such Successor 
Rate or Alternative Rate is determined in such manner and the Issuer, acting in good faith, determines that 
amendments to the Conditions and/or the Agency Agreement are necessary to ensure the proper operation 
of such Successor Rate and/or Alternative Rate and the applicable Adjustment Spread, then the Issuer shall, 
subject to giving notice thereof, without any requirement for the consent or approval of Noteholders, vary 
the Conditions and/or the Agency Agreement to give effect to such amendments with effect from the date 
specified in such notice. 
If a Successor Rate or Alternative Rate is determined by the Issuer, the Conditions also provide that an 
Adjustment Spread shall be determined by the Issuer to be applied to such Successor Rate or Alternative 
Rate, as the case may be. The aim of the Adjustment Spread is to reduce or eliminate, so far as is practicable, 
any economic prejudice or benefit (as the case may be) to Noteholders as a result of the replacement of the 
relevant Original Reference Rate with the Successor Rate or the Alternative Rate. However, it may not be 
possible to determine or apply an Adjustment Spread and there is no guarantee that the application of the 
Adjustment Spread will reduce or eliminate economic prejudice to Noteholders.  
If a Successor Rate, Alternative Rate, Adjustment Spread or any Benchmark Amendment is not determined 
pursuant to the Conditions, other fallback provisions under the Conditions may be required to be used, 
which may in certain circumstances result in the rate of interest for an interest period continuing to apply

--- Page 79 ---
64 
at the rate of interest applicable to the immediately preceding interest period, resulting in the relevant 
Floating Rate Notes or Reset Notes becoming, in effect, fixed rate securities. Even if a Successor Rate or 
Alternative Rate and associated Adjustment Spread and associated Benchmark Amendments are 
determined pursuant to the Conditions, the overall rate of interest payable on the relevant Floating Rate 
Notes or Reset Notes may be less than it would have been had no Benchmark Event occurred, for example, 
if the Successor Rate or Alternative Rate is a "risk-free" rate and the Original Reference Rate was a 
interbank offered rate ("IBOR"). 
If "Benchmark Discontinuation - ARCC" is specified to be applicable in the applicable Final Terms (or, in 
the case of Exempt Notes, the applicable Pricing Supplement) for a Floating Rate Note or Reset Note, if 
the Issuer determines that a Benchmark Transition Event and its related Benchmark Replacement Date have 
occurred with respect to the then-current Benchmark, the Benchmark Replacement will replace the then-
current Benchmark for all purposes relating to the Notes in respect of all determinations on such date and 
for all determinations on all subsequent dates. In connection with the implementation of a Benchmark 
Replacement, the Issuer will have the right to make Benchmark Replacement Conforming Changes from 
time to time, without any requirement for the consent or approval of Noteholders. 
The selection of a Benchmark Replacement, and any decisions, determinations or elections made by the 
Issuer in connection with implementing a Benchmark Replacement with respect to the relevant Notes in 
accordance with the benchmark transition provisions, including with respect to Benchmark Replacement 
Conforming Changes, could adversely affect the rate of interest on such Notes, which could adversely affect 
the return on, value of and market for such Notes, without any requirement that the consent of holders of 
such Notes be obtained. Further, there is no assurance that the characteristics of any Benchmark 
Replacement will be similar to the Benchmark, or that any Benchmark Replacement will produce the 
economic equivalent of the Benchmark as a reference rate for interest on such Notes. 
The Conditions, as further described in Condition 3(e), provides for a "waterfall" of alternative rates to be 
used to determine the rate of interest on the relevant Notes if a Benchmark Transition Event and related 
Benchmark Replacement Date occur. Uncertainty surrounding the establishment of market conventions 
related to the calculation of interest by reference to SOFR may adversely affect the value of and return on 
the relevant Notes. 
The additional alternative rates referenced in the definition of "Benchmark Replacement" in Condition 3(e) 
are also uncertain. In particular, the ISDA Fallback Rate, which is the rate referenced in the 2006 ISDA 
Definitions at the time of a Benchmark Transition Event and related Benchmark Replacement Date may 
change over time. If each alternative rate referenced in the definition of "Benchmark Replacement" is 
unavailable or indeterminable, the Issuer will determine the Benchmark Replacement that will apply to the 
relevant Notes.  
Any determination, decision or election that may be made by the Issuer pursuant to Condition 3(d) or 
Condition 3(e) will become effective without consent from the Noteholders, including with respect to 
Benchmark Amendments or Benchmark Replacement Conforming Changes, as the case may be. In making 
these potentially subjective determinations, the Issuer may have economic interests that are adverse to the 
interests of the Noteholders, and such determinations may adversely affect the value of and return on the 
relevant Notes. 
In the case of any Notes where "Benchmark Discontinuation " or, as the case may be, "Benchmark 
Discontinuation – ARRC" is specified to be applicable in the applicable Final Terms (or, in the case of 
Exempt Notes, the applicable Pricing Supplement), notwithstanding the other provisions of Condition 3(d) 
or, as the case may be, Condition 3(e), no changes will be made to the rate of interest and/or the terms and 
conditions of such Notes, if and to the extent that, in the determination of the Issuer, the same could 
reasonably be expected to prejudice the qualification of the relevant Series of Notes as Additional Tier 1 
Capital.

--- Page 80 ---
65 
The market continues to develop in relation to risk free rates (including overnight rates) as reference 
rates for Floating Rate Notes and for the floating leg of mid-swap rates. 
Where the applicable Final Terms or, as the case may be, the applicable Pricing Supplement for a Series of 
Floating Rate Notes identify that the Rate of Interest for such Notes will be determined by reference to 
SONIA or SOFR, the Rate of Interest will be determined on the basis of Compounded Daily SONIA, 
Compounded Daily SOFR or by reference to a specified index (all as further described in the Conditions). 
Where the applicable Final Terms or, as the case may be, the applicable Pricing Supplement for a Series of 
Reset Notes identify that the applicable Reset Reference Rate for such Notes will be determined by 
reference to a Mid-Swap Rate, the floating leg of the applicable Mid-Swap Rate may be a risk free rate, 
such as SONIA or SOFR. Investors should be aware that the market continues to develop in relation to the 
use of SONIA and SOFR as a reference rate in the capital markets and their adoption as an alternative to 
Sterling or U.S. Dollar London Inter Bank Offered Rates ("LIBOR"). In particular, market participants and 
relevant working groups are exploring alternative reference rates based on SONIA and SOFR, including 
term SONIA and SOFR reference rates (which seek to measure the market's forward expectation of an 
average SONIA and SOFR rate over a designated term). The nascent development of SONIA and SOFR 
rates as interest reference rates for the bond markets, as well as continued development of SONIA- and 
SOFR-based rates for such market and the market infrastructure for adopting such rates, could result in 
reduced liquidity or increased volatility or could otherwise affect the market price of any SONIA- or SOFR-
linked Floating Rate Notes, or Reset Notes where the Reset Reference Rate is a Mid-Swap Rate which 
utilises a risk free rate for the floating leg, issued under the Programme. 
The use of SONIA or SOFR as a reference rate (including as a component part of a mid-swap rate) for 
bonds continues to develop both in terms of the substance of the calculation and in the development and 
adoption of market infrastructure for the issuance and trading of bonds referencing SONIA or SOFR. In 
particular, investors should be aware that several different SONIA and SOFR methodologies have been 
used in notes issued to date and no assurance can be given that any particular methodology, including the 
compounding formulae in the Conditions, will gain widespread market acceptance. 
The market or a significant part thereof may adopt an application of SONIA or SOFR, in the context of 
floating rate bonds or mid-swap based reset bonds, that differs significantly from that set out in the 
Conditions as applicable to Notes issued under the Programme where the interest rate (or a component part 
thereof) is determined by reference to SONIA or SOFR, as the case may be. In addition, the methodology 
for determining any overnight rate index by reference to which the interest rate (or a component part 
thereof) in respect of certain Notes may be calculated may change during the life of any Notes. Furthermore, 
the Issuer may in the future issue Notes where the interest rate (or a component part thereof) is determined 
by reference to SONIA or SOFR in a manner that differs materially in terms of interest determination when 
compared with any previous SONIA- or SOFR-linked Notes. In addition, the manner of adoption or 
application of SONIA and SOFR reference rates in the bond markets may differ materially compared with 
the application and adoption of SONIA and SOFR in other markets, such as the derivatives or loan markets. 
Noteholders should carefully consider how any mismatch between the adoption of overnight reference rates 
across these markets may impact any hedging or other financial arrangements which they may put in place 
in connection with any acquisition, holding or disposal of Notes where the interest rate (or a component 
part thereof) is determined by reference to SONIA or SOFR. 
Overnight rates differ from IBORs in a number of material respects and have a limited history.  
Overnight rates differ from IBORs in a number of material respects, including that overnight rates are 
backwards-looking, compounded, risk-free overnight rates, whereas IBORs are expressed on the basis of a 
forward-looking term and includes a risk-element based on inter-bank lending. As such, investors should 
be aware that overnight rates such as SONIA and SOFR may behave materially differently as interest 
reference rates for the Notes compared with IBOR rates. Furthermore, SOFR is a secured rate that 
represents overnight secured funding transactions, and therefore may perform differently over time than 
unsecured rates (including overnight unsecured rates). For example, since publication of SOFR began on 3

--- Page 81 ---
66 
April 2018, daily changes in SOFR have, on occasion, been more volatile than daily changes in comparable 
benchmarks or other market rates. 
Some risk-free rates offered as alternatives to IBOR rates also have a relatively limited performance history.  
For example, the publication of SONIA and SOFR began in April 2018. The future performance of SONIA 
and SOFR may therefore be difficult to predict based on the relatively limited historical performance. The 
levels of SONIA or, as the case may be, SOFR during the term of the Notes may bear little or no relation 
to the historical levels of SONIA and SOFR. Prior observed patterns, if any, in the behaviour of market 
variables and their relation to SONIA and SOFR such as correlations, may change in the future.  Investors 
should not rely on historical performance data as an indicator of the future performance of such risk-free 
rates nor should they rely on any hypothetical data. 
Furthermore, the interest rate on Notes referencing SONIA or SOFR will be determined at the end of the 
relevant interest period and immediately prior to the relevant Interest Payment Date. It may be difficult for 
Noteholders to estimate reliably the amount of interest which will be payable on the Notes, and some 
investors may be unable or unwilling to trade such Notes without changes to their IT systems, both of which 
factors could adversely impact the liquidity of the Notes. Further, in contrast to IBOR-based Notes, if the 
Notes are redeemed early on a date which is not an Interest Payment Date, the final amount of interest 
payable in respect of the Notes shall be determined by reference to a shortened period ending immediately 
prior to the date on which the Notes become due and payable. 
The administrator of SONIA or SOFR may make changes that could change the value of SONIA or 
SOFR or discontinue SONIA or SOFR. 
The Bank of England or The New York Federal Reserve (or, in either case, a successor), as administrators 
of SONIA and SOFR, respectively, may make methodological or other changes that could change the value 
of SONIA or SOFR (as applicable), including changes related to the method by which SONIA or SOFR is 
calculated, eligibility criteria applicable to the transactions used to calculate SONIA or SOFR or timing 
related to the publication of SONIA or SOFR. In addition, the administrator may alter, discontinue or 
suspend calculation or dissemination of SONIA or SOFR (in which case a fallback method of determining 
the interest rate on the Notes will apply). The administrator has no obligation to consider the interests of 
Noteholders when calculating, adjusting, converting, revising or discontinuing SONIA or SOFR, as the 
case may be. 
Risks related to the market generally 
Set out below is a brief description of certain market risks, including liquidity risk, exchange rate risk, 
interest rate risk and credit risk: 
An active secondary market in respect of the Notes may never be established or may be illiquid and 
this would adversely affect the value at which an investor could sell its Notes. 
The Notes represent a new instrument for which no secondary trading market currently exists and there can 
be no assurance that one will develop. If a market for the Notes does develop, it may not be very liquid. If 
the Notes are issued to a single investor or a limited number investors, this may result in an even more 
illiquid or volatile market in the Notes. Therefore, investors may not be able to sell their Notes easily or at 
prices that will provide them with a yield comparable to similar investments that have a developed 
secondary market. Illiquidity may have a severely adverse effect on the market value of Notes. 
If a market for the Notes does develop, the trading price of the Notes may be subject to wide fluctuations 
in response to many factors, including those referred to in this risk factor, as well as stock market 
fluctuations and general economic conditions that may adversely affect the market price of the Notes. 
Publicly traded Notes from time to time experience significant price and volume fluctuations (including 
significant reductions in market value) that may be unrelated to the operating performance of the companies

--- Page 82 ---
67 
that have issued them, and such volatility may be increased in an illiquid market. If any market in the Notes 
does develop, it may become severely restricted, or may disappear, if the financial condition and/or the 
CET1 Ratio of the Issuer and/or the Group deteriorates such that there is an actual or perceived increased 
likelihood of the Issuer being unable or unwilling to pay interest on the Notes in full, or of the Notes being 
Written Down or otherwise subject to loss absorption or an applicable statutory loss absorption regime. In 
addition, the market price of the Notes may fluctuate significantly in response to a number of factors, some 
of which are beyond the Issuer’s control, including: 
• 
material decreases in the capital ratios of the Issuer and/or the Group and/or any application to 
any of them of a Maximum Distributable Amount, which could arise as a result of a number of 
factors including changes in regulation or losses incurred by the Issuer and/or the Group; 
• 
variations in operating results of the Issuer and/or the Group; 
• 
any change in the actual or perceived ranking of the Notes relative to any other obligations of 
the Issuer; 
• 
any shortfall in revenue or net profit or any increase in losses from levels expected by market 
commentators; 
• 
increases in capital expenditure compared with expectations; 
• 
any perception that the Issuer and/or the Group’s strategy is or may be less effective than 
previously assumed or that the Issuer and/or the Group is not effectively implementing any 
significant projects; 
• 
changes in financial estimates by Notes analysts; 
• 
changes in market valuations of similar entities; 
• 
announcements by the Issuer and/or the Group of significant acquisitions, strategic alliances, 
joint ventures, new initiatives, new services or new service ranges; 
• 
regulatory matters, including changes in regulatory legislation or NFSA requirements (such as 
a change in the stacking order or Pillar 2 requirements); 
• 
additions or departures of key personnel; and 
• 
future issues or sales of Notes or other securities. 
Any or all of these events could result in material fluctuations in the price of Notes which could lead to 
investors losing some or all of their investment. 
The issue price of the Notes might not be indicative of prices that will prevail in the trading market, and 
there can be no assurance that an investor would be able to sell its Notes at or near the price which it paid 
for them, or at a price that would provide it with a yield comparable to more conventional investments that 
have a developed secondary market. 
Moreover, although the Issuer or any member of the Group may (subject to the approval of the NFSA and 
compliance with Applicable Banking Regulations) purchase Notes, they have no obligation to do so. 
Purchases made by the Issuer or any member of the Group could affect the liquidity of the secondary market 
of the Notes and thus the price and the conditions under which investors can negotiate these Notes on the 
secondary market.

--- Page 83 ---
68 
In addition, Noteholders should be aware of the prevailing and widely reported global credit market 
conditions (which continue at the date of this Base Prospectus), whereby there is a general lack of liquidity 
in the secondary market which may result in investors suffering losses on the Notes in secondary re-sales 
even if there is no decline in the performance of the Notes or the financial condition of the Issuer or the 
Group. The Issuer cannot predict whether these circumstances will change and whether, if and when they 
do change, there will be a more liquid market for the Notes and instruments similar to the Notes at that 
time. 
If an investor holds Notes which are not denominated in the investor's home currency, they will be 
exposed to movements in exchange rates adversely affecting the value of their holding. In addition, 
the imposition of exchange controls in relation to any Notes could result in an investor not receiving 
payments on those Notes. 
The Issuer will, subject as provided in the Conditions, pay principal and interest on the Notes in the 
Specified Currency. This presents certain risks relating to currency conversions if an investor's financial 
activities are denominated principally in a currency or currency unit (the "Investor's Currency") other 
than the Specified Currency. These include the risk that exchange rates may significantly change (including 
changes due to devaluation of the Specified Currency or revaluation of the Investor's Currency) and the risk 
that authorities with jurisdiction over the Investor's Currency may impose or modify exchange controls. An 
appreciation in the value of the Investor's Currency relative to the Specified Currency would decrease (i) 
the Investor's Currency-equivalent yield on the Notes, (ii) the Investor's Currency-equivalent value of the 
principal payable on the Notes and (iii) the Investor's Currency-equivalent market value of the Notes. 
Government and monetary authorities may impose (as some have done in the past) exchange controls that 
could adversely affect an applicable exchange rate or the ability of the Issuer to make payments in respect 
of the Notes. As a result, investors may receive less interest or principal than expected, or no interest or 
principal. 
Credit ratings assigned to the Issuer or any Notes may not reflect all the risks associated with an 
investment in those Notes. 
One or more independent credit rating agencies may assign credit ratings to the Issuer or the Notes, 
including on an unsolicited basis. The ratings may not reflect the potential impact of all risks related to 
structure, market, additional factors discussed above and other factors that may affect the value of the Notes. 
A credit rating is not a recommendation to buy, sell or hold securities and may be revised, suspended or 
withdrawn by the rating agency at any time. If any rating, including any unsolicited credit rating, is assigned 
at a lower level than expected or subsequently is revised lower, suspended, withdrawn or not maintained 
by the Issuer, the market value of the Notes may be reduced. 
In general, EU-regulated investors are restricted under the CRA Regulation from using credit ratings for 
regulatory purposes, unless such ratings are issued by a credit rating agency established in the EU and 
registered under the CRA Regulation (and such registration has not been withdrawn or suspended, subject 
to transitional provisions that apply in certain circumstances). Such general restriction will also apply in 
the case of credit ratings issued by non-EU credit rating agencies, unless the relevant credit ratings are 
endorsed by an EU-registered credit rating agency or the relevant non-EU rating agency is certified in 
accordance with the CRA Regulation (and such endorsement action or certification, as the case may be, has 
not been withdrawn or suspended, subject to transitional provisions that apply in certain circumstances). 
Certain information with respect to the credit rating agencies and ratings will be disclosed in the Final 
Terms or, as the case may be, the Pricing Supplement.  
Investors regulated in the UK are subject to similar restrictions under the UK CRA Regulation. As such, 
UK regulated investors are required to use (for UK regulatory purposes) ratings issued by a credit rating 
agency established in the UK and registered under the UK CRA Regulation. In the case of ratings issued 
by third country non-UK credit rating agencies, third country credit ratings can either be: (a) endorsed by

--- Page 84 ---
69 
a UK registered credit rating agency; or (b) issued by a third country credit rating agency that is certified 
in accordance with the UK CRA Regulation. Note this is subject, in each case, to (a) the relevant UK 
registration, certification or endorsement, as the case may be, not having been withdrawn or suspended, 
and (b) transitional provisions that apply in certain circumstances.  
The list of registered and certified rating agencies published by ESMA on its website in accordance with 
the CRA Regulation is not conclusive evidence of the status of the relevant rating agency included in such 
list, as there may be delays between certain supervisory measures being taken against a relevant rating 
agency and the publication of the updated ESMA list. Certain information with respect to the credit rating 
agencies and ratings is set out on the cover of this Base Prospectus. Certain information with respect to the 
credit rating agencies and ratings will also be disclosed in the applicable Final Terms or, as the case may 
be, the applicable Pricing Supplement. 
If the status of the rating agency rating the Notes changes, certain regulated investors may no longer be able 
to use the rating for regulatory purposes and the Notes may have a different regulatory treatment. This may 
result in such regulated investors selling the Notes, which may impact the value of the Notes and any 
secondary market. 
The Issuer is exposed to changes in the rating methodologies applied by rating agencies. Any adverse 
changes of such methodologies may materially and adversely affect the Issuer’s operations or financial 
condition, the Issuer’s willingness or ability to leave individual transactions outstanding and adversely 
affect the Issuer’s capital market standing.

--- Page 85 ---
70 
DOCUMENTS INCORPORATED BY REFERENCE 
The following documents, which have previously been published and have been filed with the Central 
Bank, shall be incorporated in, and form part of, this Base Prospectus:  
(a) the audited consolidated and non-consolidated annual financial statements of the Bank for the 
financial 
years 
ended 
31 
December 
2021 
(which 
can 
be 
viewed 
online 
at 
https://www.ir.dnb.no/sites/default/files/pr/202203097662-1.pdf?ts=1648019291) 
and 
31 
December 
2022 
(which 
can 
be 
viewed 
online 
at 
https://www.ir.dnb.no/sites/default/files/pr/202303097878-2.pdf?ts=1685008054) prepared in 
accordance with IFRS as approved by the EU, and with the Norwegian Accounting Act and 
accounting standards and practices generally accepted in Norway, respectively, including the 
information set out at the following pages of the Bank’s ‘Annual report 2021’ and ‘Annual report 
2022’, respectively: 
 
 
2021 
2022 
Consolidated financial statements 
 
 
Income statement and comprehensive income 
statement 
pages 156-157 
page 188 
Balance sheet 
page 158 
page 189 
Statement of changes in equity 
page 159 
page 190 
Cash flow statement 
page 160 
page 191 
Accounting principles 
pages 161-172 
pages 192-202  
Notes to the accounts 
pages 161-238 
pages 192-274 
Non-consolidated financial statements 
 
 
Income statement and comprehensive income 
statement 
pages 240-241 
page 276 
Balance sheet 
page 242 
page 277 
Statement of changes in equity 
page 243 
page 278 
Cash flow statement 
page 244 
page 279 
Accounting principles 
Page 245 
Page 280 
Notes to the accounts 
Pages 245-268 
Pages 280-320 
Auditor’s report 
 
 
Auditor’s report 
pages 288-297 
pages 322-328 
 
(b) the unaudited consolidated and non-consolidated interim financial statements of the Bank for the 
three-month and twelve-month periods ended 31 December 2023 (which can be viewed online at 
https://www.ir.dnb.no/sites/default/files/pr/202401319201-3.pdf?ts=1706703739) prepared in 
accordance with IFRS as approved by the EU, and with the Norwegian Accounting Act and 
accounting standards and practices generally accepted in Norway, respectively, including the 
information set out at the following pages of the Bank’s ‘Fourth quarter and twelve months report 
2023’: 
 
 
 
Q4 2023 and twelve-
month report 2023  
Consolidated financial statements (unaudited) 
 
 
Income statement and comprehensive income 
statement 
 
page 12 
Balance sheet 
 
page 13

--- Page 86 ---
71 
 
 
Q4 2023 and twelve-
month report 2023  
Statement of changes in equity 
 
page 14 
Cash flow statement 
 
page 15 
Notes to the accounts 
 
        pages 16-27 
Non-consolidated financial statements (unaudited) 
 
 
Income statement and comprehensive income 
statement 
 
page 28 
Balance sheet 
 
page 29  
Statement of changes in equity 
 
page 30 
Notes to the accounts 
 
pages 31-34 
 
(c) the unaudited consolidated comparative financial information (including quarterly financial 
information) for the year ended 31 December 2022 (which can be viewed online at 
https://ir.dnb.no/sites/default/files/pr/202304202937-2.pdf?ts=1681992254) 
to 
reflect 
the 
implementation of the new standard IFRS 17 Insurance Contracts. At the same time, the DNB 
Group changed the classification of some financial instruments under IFRS 9. 
Any documents themselves incorporated by reference in the documents incorporated by reference in this 
Base Prospectus shall not form part of this Base Prospectus. 
The information specified above appearing in such documents shall be incorporated in, and form part of 
this Base Prospectus, save that any statement contained in a document which is incorporated by reference 
herein shall be deemed to be modified or superseded for the purpose of this Base Prospectus to the extent 
that a statement contained herein modifies or supersedes such earlier statement (whether expressly, by 
implication or otherwise). Any statement so modified or superseded shall not be deemed, except as so 
modified or superseded, to constitute a part of this Base Prospectus.

--- Page 87 ---
72 
GENERAL DESCRIPTION OF THE PROGRAMME 
Under the Programme, the Issuer may from time to time issue Notes denominated in any currency, subject 
as set out herein. An overview of the terms and conditions of the Programme and the Notes is set out in 
"Overview of the Programme" above. The applicable terms of any Notes will be agreed between the Issuer 
and the relevant Dealer prior to the issue of the Notes and will be set out in the Conditions endorsed on, 
attached to, or incorporated by reference into, the Notes, as modified by Part A of the applicable Final 
Terms or, as the case may be, the applicable Pricing Supplement attached to, or endorsed on, such Notes, 
as more fully described under "Form of the Notes" below. 
This Base Prospectus and any supplement to this Base Prospectus will only be valid for listing Notes on 
Euronext Dublin or any other stock exchange in the EEA, in an aggregate Original Principal Amount which, 
when added to the aggregate Original Principal Amount of all Notes previously or simultaneously issued 
under the Programme, does not exceed €10,000,000,000 or its equivalent in other currencies. For the 
purpose of calculating the euro equivalent of the aggregate Original Principal Amount of Notes issued 
under the Programme from time to time, the euro equivalent of Notes denominated in another Specified 
Currency (as specified in the applicable Final Terms or, as the case may be, the applicable Pricing 
Supplement in relation to the relevant Notes) shall be determined, at the discretion of the Issuer, either as 
of the date on which agreement is reached for the issue of Notes or on the preceding day on which 
commercial banks and foreign exchange markets are open for general business in London, in each case on 
the basis of the spot rate for the sale of the euro against the purchase of such Specified Currency in the 
London foreign exchange market quoted by any leading international bank selected by the Issuer on the 
relevant day of calculation.

--- Page 88 ---
73 
FORM OF THE NOTES 
The Notes of each Series will be in bearer form, registered form or, in the case of VPS Notes, uncertificated 
book-entry form. 
Form of Bearer Notes 
Bearer Notes 
Each Tranche of Bearer Notes will initially be represented by a Temporary Bearer Global Note without 
Coupons or Talons (each as defined in the Conditions) which will (i) if the global Notes are intended to be 
issued in NGN form, as specified in the applicable Final Terms or, as the case may be, the applicable Pricing 
Supplement, be delivered on or prior to the original issue date of the Tranche to a Common Safekeeper for 
Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg; and (ii) if the global Notes are not intended to be issued in NGN 
form, be delivered on or prior to the original issue date of the Tranche to a Common Depositary for 
Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg. Interests in the Temporary Bearer Global Note will be exchanged 
either for interests in a Permanent Bearer Global Note or, where specified in the applicable Final Terms or, 
as the case may be, the applicable Pricing Supplement (subject to such notice period as is specified in the 
Final Terms or, as the case may be, the applicable Pricing Supplement), for definitive Bearer Notes on or 
after the date (the "Exchange Date") which is the later of (i) 40 days after the Temporary Bearer Global 
Note is issued and (ii) 40 days after completion of the distribution of the relevant Tranche. Such exchange 
will be made only upon delivery of written certification to Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg, as 
the case may be, to the effect that the beneficial owner of such Notes is not located in the United States and 
is not a U.S. person or other person who has purchased such Notes for resale to, or on behalf of, U.S. 
persons and Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg, as the case may be, has given a like certification 
(based on the certification it has received) to the Issuing and Principal Paying Agent. 
If an interest or principal payment date for any Notes occurs whilst such Notes are represented by a 
Temporary Bearer Global Note, the related interest or principal payment will be made only to the extent 
that certification of non-U.S. beneficial ownership has been received as described in the last sentence of 
the immediately preceding paragraph unless such certification has already been given. The holder of a 
Temporary Bearer Global Note will not be entitled to collect any payment of interest or principal due on or 
after the Exchange Date unless, upon due certification, exchange of the Temporary Bearer Global Note is 
improperly withheld or refused. Payments of principal or interest on a Permanent Bearer Global Note will 
be made through Euroclear or Clearstream, Luxembourg (against presentation or surrender, as the case may 
be, of the Permanent Bearer Global Note if the Permanent Bearer Global Note is not intended to be issued 
in NGN form) without any further requirement for certification. 
Pursuant to the Agency Agreement (as defined in the Conditions) the Issuing and Principal Paying Agent 
shall arrange that, where a further Tranche of Notes is issued, the Notes of such Tranche shall be assigned 
a common code and ISIN by Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg which are different from the common 
code and ISIN assigned to Notes of any other Tranche of the same Series until at least expiry of the 
Distribution Compliance Period applicable to the Notes of such Tranche. 
The applicable Final Terms or, as the case may be, the applicable Pricing Supplement will specify that 
either (i) a Permanent Bearer Global Note will be exchangeable (free of charge), in whole but not in part, 
for definitive Bearer Notes with Coupons and Talons attached upon not less than 60 days' written notice 
from Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg (acting on the instructions of any holder of an interest in 
such Permanent Bearer Global Note) to the Issuing and Principal Paying Agent as described therein, or (ii) 
a Permanent Bearer Global Note will be exchangeable (free of charge), in whole but not in part, for 
definitive Bearer Notes with Coupons and Talons attached only upon the occurrence of an Exchange Event 
as described therein. "Exchange Event" means (i) an event as described in Condition 11 has occurred and 
is continuing, (ii) the Issuer has been notified that either Euroclear or Clearstream, Luxembourg has been 
closed for business for a continuous period of 14 days (other than by reason of holiday, statutory or 
otherwise) or has announced an intention permanently to cease business or has in fact done so and no 
alternative clearing system is available, or (iii) the Issuer has or will become obliged to pay additional 
amounts as provided for or referred to in Condition 9 which would not be required were the Notes 
represented by the Permanent Bearer Global Note in definitive bearer form. The Issuer will promptly give 
notice to Noteholders in accordance with Condition 17 if an Exchange Event occurs. In the event of the 
occurrence of an Exchange Event, Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg (acting on the instructions 
of any holder of an interest in such Permanent Bearer Global Note) may give notice to the Issuing and

--- Page 89 ---
74 
Principal Paying Agent requesting exchange and in the event of the occurrence of an Exchange Event as 
described in (iii) above, the Issuer may also give notice to the Issuing and Principal Paying Agent requesting 
exchange. Any such exchange shall occur not later than 30 days after the date of receipt of the first relevant 
notice by the Issuing and Principal Paying Agent. 
The above exchange option should not be expressed to be applicable if the Specified Denomination of the 
Notes includes language substantially to the following effect: "€100,000 and integral multiples of €1,000 
in excess thereof up to and including €199,000". Furthermore, such Specified Denomination construction 
is not permitted in relation to any issuance of Notes which is to be represented on issue by Temporary 
Bearer Global Notes exchangeable for Definitive Notes. 
The following legend will appear on all Bearer Notes (other than Temporary Bearer Global Notes) and on 
all Coupons and Talons which have an original maturity of more than one year: 
"ANY UNITED STATES PERSON WHO HOLDS THIS OBLIGATION WILL BE SUBJECT TO 
LIMITATIONS UNDER THE UNITED STATES INCOME TAX LAWS, INCLUDING THE 
LIMITATIONS PROVIDED IN SECTIONS 165(j) AND 1287(a) OF THE INTERNAL REVENUE 
CODE." 
The sections referred to provide that United States persons, with certain exceptions, will not be entitled to 
deduct any loss on Bearer Notes, Coupons or Talons and will not be entitled to capital gains treatment of 
any gain on any sale, disposition, redemption or payment of principal in respect of Bearer Notes, Coupons 
or Talons. 
Form of Registered Notes 
Unless otherwise provided with respect to a particular Series of Registered Notes, the Registered Notes of 
each Tranche of such Series will initially be represented by a Registered Global Note, which will be 
deposited with a common depositary for Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg, and registered in the 
name of a common nominee of Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg. Prior to expiry of the Distribution 
Compliance Period applicable to each Tranche of Notes, beneficial interests in a Registered Global Note 
may not be offered or sold within the United States to, or for the account or benefit of, a U.S. person and 
may not be held otherwise than through Euroclear or Clearstream, Luxembourg and such Registered Global 
Note will bear a legend regarding such restrictions on transfer. 
Payments of principal on the Registered Notes will be made on the relevant payment date to the persons 
shown on the Register at the close of business on the business day (being for this purpose a day on which 
banks are open for business in Brussels) immediately prior to the relevant payment date. Payments of 
interest on the Registered Notes will be made on the relevant payment date to the person in whose name 
such Notes are registered on the Record Date (as defined in Condition 4(c)) immediately preceding such 
payment date. 
Payments of the principal of, and interest on, the Registered Global Notes will, subject as provided in the 
Conditions, be made to the person shown on the register as the registered holder of the Registered Global 
Notes. None of the Issuer, the Issuing and Principal Paying Agent, any Paying Agent and the Registrar will 
have any responsibility or liability for any aspect of the records relating to or payments made on account 
of beneficial ownership interests in the Registered Global Notes or for maintaining, supervising or 
reviewing any records relating to such beneficial ownership interests. 
No beneficial owner of an interest in a Registered Global Note will be able to exchange or transfer such 
interest, except in accordance with the applicable procedures of Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg, 
in each case to the extent applicable. 
Form of VPS Notes 
Each Tranche of VPS Notes will be issued in uncertificated and dematerialised book-entry form. Legal title 
to the VPS Notes will be evidenced by book entries in the records of the VPS. On the issue of VPS Notes, 
the Issuer will send a letter to the Issuing and Principal Paying Agent and the VPS Account Manager (the 
"VPS Letter"), which letter will set out the terms of the relevant issue of VPS Notes in the form of Final 
Terms or, as the case may be, in the form of Pricing Supplement attached thereto. On notification to the 
VPS Account Manager of the subscribers and their VPS account details by the relevant Dealer, the VPS

--- Page 90 ---
75 
Account Manager will credit each subscriber's subscribing account holder with the VPS with a nominal 
amount of VPS Notes equal to the Original Principal Amount thereof for which it has subscribed and paid. 
Settlement of sale and purchase transactions in respect of VPS Notes in the VPS will take place two Oslo 
business days after the date of the relevant transaction. Transfers of interests in the relevant VPS Notes will 
take place in accordance with the rules and procedures for the time being of the VPS. 
Book-entry clearance systems 
Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg each holds securities for its customers and facilitates the clearance 
and settlement of securities transactions by electronic book-entry transfer between their respective account 
holders. Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg provide various services including safekeeping, 
administration, clearance and settlement of internationally traded securities and securities lending and 
borrowing. Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg also deal with domestic securities markets in several 
countries through established depository and custodial relationships. Euroclear and Clearstream, 
Luxembourg have established an electronic bridge between their two systems across which their respective 
participants may settle trades with each other. 
Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg customers are world-wide financial institutions, including 
underwriters, securities brokers and dealers, banks, trust companies and clearing corporations. Indirect 
access to Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg is available to other institutions that clear through or 
maintain a custodial relationship with an account holder of either system. 
General 
For so long as any of the Notes is represented by a global Note held on behalf of Euroclear and/or 
Clearstream, Luxembourg, or so long as the Note is a VPS Note, each person (other than Euroclear or 
Clearstream, Luxembourg or the VPS, as the case may be) who is for the time being shown in the records 
of Euroclear or Clearstream, Luxembourg or the VPS, as the case may be, as the holder of a particular 
principal amount of such Notes (in which regard any certificate or other document issued by such clearing 
system as to the principal amount of such Notes standing to the account of any person shall, save in the 
case of manifest error, be conclusive and binding for all purposes, including any form of statement or print 
out of electronic records provided by the relevant clearing system in accordance with its usual procedures 
and in which the holder of a particular principal amount of such Notes is clearly identified together with 
the amount of such holding) shall be treated by the Issuer, the Issuing and Principal Paying Agent and any 
other Paying Agent as the holder of such nominal amount of such Notes for all purposes other than (in the 
case only of Notes not being VPS Notes) with respect to the payment of principal or interest on the Notes, 
for which purpose, in the case of Notes represented by a Bearer Global Note, the bearer of the relevant 
Bearer Global Note or, in the case of Registered Global Notes, the registered holder shall be treated by the 
Issuer, the Issuing and Principal Paying Agent and any other Paying Agent as the holder of such Notes in 
accordance with and subject to the terms of the relevant global Note (and the expressions "Noteholder" 
and "holder of Notes" and related expressions shall be construed accordingly). 
Notes which are represented by a global Note and VPS Notes will only be transferable in accordance with 
the rules and procedures for the time being of Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg and/or VPS, as 
applicable. 
Any reference herein to Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg and/or the VPS shall, whenever the 
context so permits, be deemed to include a reference to any additional or alternative clearing system 
approved by the Issuer and the Issuing and Principal Paying Agent. 
The Issuer has entered into an agreement with the ICSDs in respect of any Notes issued in NGN form that 
the Issuer may request be made eligible for settlement with the ICSDs (the "Issuer-ICSDs Agreement"). 
The Issuer-ICSDs Agreement provides that the ICSDs will, in respect of any such Notes, inter alia, maintain 
records of their respective portion of the issue outstanding amount and will, upon the Issuer's request, 
produce a statement for the Issuer's use showing the local principal amount of its customer holdings of such 
Notes as of a specified date. 
Where the global Notes issued in respect of any Tranche are in NGN form, the applicable Final Terms or, 
as the case may be, the applicable Pricing Supplement will also indicate whether such global Notes are 
intended to be held in a manner which would allow Eurosystem eligibility. Any indication that the global

--- Page 91 ---
76 
Notes are to be so held does not necessarily mean that the Notes of the relevant Tranche will be recognised 
as eligible collateral for Eurosystem monetary policy and intra-day credit operations by the Eurosystem 
either upon issue or at any times during their life as such recognition depends upon the ECB being satisfied 
that the Eurosystem eligibility criteria have been met.

--- Page 92 ---
77 
APPLICABLE FINAL TERMS 
Set out below is the form of Final Terms which will be completed for each Tranche of Notes which are not 
Exempt Notes issued under the Programme. 
PROHIBITION ON MARKETING AND SALES TO RETAIL INVESTORS 
The Notes are complex financial instruments. They are not a suitable or appropriate investment for all 
investors, especially retail investors. In some jurisdictions, regulatory authorities have adopted or published 
laws, regulations or guidance with respect to the offer or sale of securities such as the Notes to retail 
investors. Potential investors in the Notes should inform themselves of, and comply with, any applicable 
laws, regulations or regulatory guidance with respect to any resale of the Notes (or beneficial interests 
therein). 
FCA CoCo restriction: In the United Kingdom ("UK"), the Financial Conduct Authority ("FCA") 
Conduct of Business Sourcebook ("COBS") requires, in summary, that the Notes should not be offered or 
sold to retail clients (as defined in COBS 3.4 and each a "UK retail client") in the UK. 
In October 2018, the Hong Kong Monetary Authority (the “HKMA”) issued guidance on enhanced investor 
protection measures on the sale and distribution of debt instruments with loss-absorption features (such as 
the Notes) and related products (the “HKMA Circular”). Under the HKMA Circular, debt instruments 
with loss absorption features, being subject to the risk of being written-down or converted to ordinary 
shares, and investment products that invest mainly in, or whose returns are closely linked to the performance 
of such instruments, are to be targeted in Hong Kong at professional investors (as defined in the Securities 
and Futures Ordinance (Cap. 571) of Hong Kong (the “SFO”) and any subsidiary legislations or rules made 
under the SFO, “Professional Investors”) only and are generally not suitable for retail investors in either 
the primary or secondary markets. 
Investors in Hong Kong should not purchase the Notes in the primary or secondary markets unless they are 
Professional Investors and understand the risks involved. The Notes are generally not suitable for retail 
investors. 
PRIIPS REGULATION / IMPORTANT – EEA RETAIL INVESTORS - The Notes are not intended 
to be offered, sold or otherwise made available to and should not be offered, sold or otherwise made 
available to any retail investor in the EEA. For these purposes, a "retail investor" means a person who is 
one (or more) of: (i) a retail client as defined in point (11) of Article 4(1) of Directive 2014/65/EU (as 
amended, "MiFID II"); (ii) a customer within the meaning of Directive (EU) 2016/97, as amended or 
superseded (the "Insurance Distribution Directive"), where that customer would not qualify as a 
professional client as defined in point (10) of Article 4(1) of MiFID II; or (iii) not a qualified investor as 
defined in the Prospectus Regulation. Consequently no key information document required by Regulation 
(EU) No 1286/2014, as amended (the "PRIIPs Regulation") for offering or selling the Notes or otherwise 
making them available to retail investors in the EEA will be prepared and therefore offering or selling the 
Notes or otherwise making them available to any retail investor in the EEA may be unlawful under the 
PRIIPs Regulation. 
UK PRIIPS REGULATION / IMPORTANT – UK RETAIL INVESTORS – The Notes are not 
intended to be offered, sold or otherwise made available to and should not be offered, sold or otherwise 
made available to any retail investor in the UK. For these purposes, a "retail investor" means a person who 
is one (or more) of: (i) a retail client, as defined in point (8) of Article 2 of Regulation (EU) No 2017/565 
as it forms part of UK domestic law by virtue of the European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018 (the 
"EUWA"); (ii) a customer within the meaning of the provisions of the Financial Services and Markets Act 
2000 (as amended, the "FSMA") and any rules or regulations made under the FSMA to implement the 
Insurance Distribution Directive, where that customer would not qualify as a professional client, as defined 
in point (8) of Article 2(1) of Regulation (EU) No 600/2014 as it forms part of UK domestic law by virtue

--- Page 93 ---
78 
of the EUWA ("UK MiFIR"); or (iii) not a qualified investor as defined in the Prospectus Regulation as it 
forms part of UK domestic law by virtue of the EUWA. Consequently no key information document 
required by Regulation (EU) No 1286/2014 as it forms part of UK domestic law by virtue of the EUWA 
(the "UK PRIIPs Regulation") for offering or selling the Notes or otherwise making them available to 
retail investors in the UK will be prepared and therefore offering or selling the Notes or otherwise making 
them available to any retail investor in the UK may be unlawful under the UK PRIIPs Regulation. 
MIFID II PRODUCT GOVERNANCE / TARGET MARKET – Solely for the purposes of [the/each] 
manufacturer's product approval process, the target market assessment in respect of the Notes has led to the 
conclusion that: (i) the target market for the Notes is eligible counterparties and professional clients only, 
each as defined in MiFID II; and (ii) all channels for distribution of the Notes to eligible counterparties and 
professional clients are appropriate. [Consider any negative target market]. Any person subsequently 
offering, selling or recommending the Notes (a "Distributor") should take into consideration the 
manufacturer['s/s'] target market assessment; however, a Distributor subject to MiFID II is responsible for 
undertaking its own target market assessment in respect of the Notes (by either adopting or refining the 
manufacturer['s/s'] target market assessment) and determining appropriate distribution channels. 
[UK MIFIR PRODUCT GOVERNANCE / TARGET MARKET – Solely for the purposes of [the/each] 
manufacturer's product approval process, the target market assessment in respect of the Notes has led to the 
conclusion that: (i) the target market for the Notes is only eligible counterparties, as defined in the FCA 
Handbook Conduct of Business Sourcebook, and professional clients, as defined in UK MiFIR; and (ii) all 
channels for distribution of the Notes to eligible counterparties and professional clients are appropriate. 
Any Distributor should take into consideration the manufacturer['s/s'] target market assessment; however, 
a Distributor subject to the FCA Handbook Product Intervention and Product Governance Sourcebook is 
responsible for undertaking its own target market assessment in respect of the Notes (by either adopting or 
refining the manufacturer['s/s'] target market assessment) and determining appropriate distribution 
channels.] 
REPRESENTATIONS, WARRANTIES AND AGREEMENTS 
COBS, MiFID II, the PRIIPs Regulation, the UK PRIIPs Regulation and the HKMA Circular are, together, 
referred to herein as the "Regulations". 
As used in this section "Representations, Warranties and Agreements", "retail client" means any of (i) a 
retail client as defined in MiFID II; (ii) a retail client as defined in point (8) of Article 2 of Regulation (EU) 
No 2017/565 as it forms part of UK domestic law by virtue of the EUWA; and (iii) a UK retail client. 
The Regulations set out various obligations in relation to (i) the manufacture and distribution of financial 
instruments and (ii) the offering, sale and distribution of packaged retail and insurance-based investment 
products and certain contingent write down or convertible securities, such as the Notes. 
Potential investors in the Notes should inform themselves of, and comply with, any applicable laws, 
regulations or regulatory guidance with respect to any resale of the Notes (or any beneficial interests 
therein) including the Regulations. 
The Issuer and the relevant Dealer/Managers are required to comply with some or all of the Regulations. 
By purchasing, or making or accepting an offer to purchase, any Notes (or a beneficial interest in such 
Notes) from the Issuer and/or the relevant Dealer/Managers, each prospective investor represents, warrants, 
agrees with, and undertakes to, the Issuer and the relevant Dealer/Managers that: 
1. 
it is not a retail client; 
2. 
if it is in Hong Kong, it is a Professional Investor;

--- Page 94 ---
79 
3. 
whether or not it is subject to the Regulations: 
3.1 
it will not sell or offer the Notes (or any beneficial interests therein) to retail clients or a 
retail investor in Hong Kong; 
3.2 
it will not communicate (including the distribution of these Final Terms or the Base 
Prospectus, as the case may be) or approve any invitation or inducement to participate in, 
acquire or underwrite the Notes (or any beneficial interests therein) where that invitation 
or inducement is addressed to or disseminated in such a way that it is likely to be received 
by a retail client or any customer in Hong Kong who is not a Professional Investor; and 
3.3 
in selling or offering the Notes or making or approving communications relating to the 
Notes, it may not rely on the limited exemptions set out in COBS; and 
4. 
it will at all times comply with all applicable laws, regulations and regulatory guidance (whether 
inside or outside the EEA, the UK or Hong Kong) relating to the promotion, offering, distribution 
and/or sale of the Notes (or any beneficial interests therein), whether or not specifically mentioned 
in the Base Prospectus, including (without limitation) the Regulations (as applicable) and any other 
applicable laws, regulations and regulatory guidance relating to determining the appropriateness 
and/or suitability of an investment in the Notes (or any beneficial interests therein) by investors in 
any relevant jurisdiction. 
The Regulations must be complied with when selling the Notes to Norwegian investors in Norway. 
[Singapore Securities and Futures Act Product Classification – In connection with Section 309B of the 
Securities and Futures Act 2001 of Singapore (as modified or amended from time to time, the "SFA") and 
the Securities and Futures (Capital Markets Products) Regulations 2018 of Singapore (the "CMP 
Regulations 2018"), the Issuer has determined the classification of the Notes to be (a) capital markets 
products other than prescribed capital markets products (as defined in the CMP Regulations 2018) and (b) 
Specified Investment Products (as defined in MAS Notice SFA 04-N12: Notice on the Sale of Investment 
Products and MAS Notice FAA-N16: Notice on Recommendations on Investment Products).]2 
[In respect of any tranche of Notes issued in Singapore Dollars with a denomination of less than S$200,000, 
the following information is provided pursuant to Regulation 6 of the Banking Regulations made under the 
Banking Act 1970 of Singapore: 
(a) 
the place of booking of the Notes is [●]; 
(b) 
the branch or office of the Issuer at which the tranche of the Notes is booked is not subject to 
regulation or supervision in Singapore; 
(c) 
the tranche of Notes is [not secured by any means] OR [describe the nature of the security, the 
name of the mortgagor, chargor or guarantor and whether such person is regulated by the 
Monetary Authority of Singapore]].] 
 
 
 
 
2 
Legend to be included if the Issuer needs to re-classify the Notes as “capital markets products other 
than prescribed capital markets products” and “Specified Investment Products” pursuant to Section 
309B of the SFA and the Notes are to be offered in Singapore. Relevant Dealer(s) to consider whether 
it / they have received the necessary product classification from the Issuer prior to the launch of the 
offer, pursuant to Section 309B of the SFA.

--- Page 95 ---
80 
[Date] 
DNB Bank ASA 
Legal entity identifier (LEI): 549300GKFG0RYRRQ1414 
Issue of [Aggregate Original Principal Amount of Tranche] [Title of Notes] 
under the 
€10,000,000,000 Additional Tier 1 Capital Note Programme 
PART A – CONTRACTUAL TERMS 
Terms used herein shall be deemed to be defined as such for the purposes of the Conditions set forth in the 
Base Prospectus dated 14 February 2024 [and the supplement[s] to the Base Prospectus dated [date]] which 
[together] constitute[s] a base prospectus for the purposes of Regulation (EU) 2017/1129, as amended (the 
"Prospectus Regulation") ([together,] the "Base Prospectus"). This document constitutes the Final Terms 
of the Notes described herein for the purposes of the Prospectus Regulation and must be read in conjunction 
with the Base Prospectus in order to obtain all the relevant information. Full information on DNB Bank 
ASA (the "Issuer") and the offer of the Notes is only available on the basis of the combination of these 
Final Terms and the Base Prospectus. These Final Terms, the Base Prospectus [and the supplement[s]] [has] 
[have] been published on the website of [Euronext Dublin at https://live.euronext.com/]. 
The Central Bank of Ireland, as competent authority for the purposes of the Prospectus Regulation, has 
approved the Base Prospectus as having been drawn up in accordance with the Prospectus Regulation. 
(Include whichever of the following apply or specify as "Not Applicable". Note that the numbering should 
remain as set out below, even if "Not Applicable" is indicated for individual paragraphs or sub-paragraphs. 
Italics denote directions for completing the Final Terms.) 
1. 
Issuer: 
DNB Bank ASA 
2. 
(i) 
Series Number: 
[•] 
 
(ii) 
Tranche Number: 
[•] 
 
(iii) 
Date on which the Notes will be 
consolidated and form a single 
Series: 
The Notes will be consolidated and form a single 
Series with (identify earlier Tranches) on [the Issue 
Date/exchange of the Temporary Bearer Global Note 
for interests in the Permanent Bearer Global Note, as 
referred to in paragraph [•] below, which is expected 
to occur on or about (date)] [Not Applicable] 
3. 
Specified Currency or Currencies: 
[•] 
4. 
Aggregate Original Principal Amount: 
 
 Series: 
[•] 
 Tranche: 
[•] 
5. 
Issue Price: 
[•] per cent. of the Aggregate Original Principal 
Amount [plus accrued interest from (insert date) (if 
applicable)] 
6. 
(i) 
Specified Denomination(s): 
[•] [and integral multiples of [€1,000] in excess 
thereof up to and including [€199,000]. No Notes in 
definitive form will be issued with a denomination 
above [€199,000].] 
 
 
(N.B. Include the wording in square brackets above, 
where Bearer Notes are being issued which have 
denominations consisting of a minimum Specified

--- Page 96 ---
81 
Denomination plus one or more higher integral 
multiples of another smaller amount) 
 
 
(In the case of Registered Notes, this means the 
minimum integral amount in which transfers can be 
made) 
 
(ii) 
Calculation Amount: 
[•] 
7. 
(i) 
Issue Date: 
[•] 
 
(ii) 
Interest Commencement Date: 
[specify/Issue Date] 
8. 
Interest Basis: 
[[•] per cent. Fixed Rate] 
 
 
[[•] month] [EURIBOR / SONIA / SOFR / STIBOR 
/ NIBOR / CIBOR / TIBOR / HIBOR / SIBOR / 
PRIBOR] +/- [•] per cent. Floating Rate] 
 
 
[Reset Notes] 
 
 
(further particulars specified below, see paragraph 
[13/14/15]) 
9. 
Change of Interest Basis: 
(Specify the date when any fixed to floating rate 
change occurs or cross refer to paragraphs 13 and 
14 below and identify there) [Not Applicable] 
10. 
Calculation Agent: 
[•] [Not Applicable] 
11. 
Call Options: 
[Issuer Call] 
 
 
[Residual Holding Call Option] 
 
 
[(further particulars specified below, see paragraph 
[18/19])] 
12. 
Date 
[Board][General 
Assembly] 
approval for issuance of Notes 
obtained: 
[•] 
PROVISIONS RELATING TO INTEREST (IF ANY) PAYABLE 
13. 
Fixed Rate Note Provisions 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-
paragraphs of this paragraph) 
 
(i) 
Rate(s) of Interest: 
[•] per cent. per annum payable in arrear on each 
Interest Payment Date 
 
(ii) 
Interest Payment Date(s): 
[•] in each year 
(Amend appropriately in the case of irregular 
interest periods) 
 
(iii) 
Fixed Coupon Amount(s): 
[[•] per Calculation Amount] [Not Applicable] 
 
(iv) 
Broken Amount(s): 
[[•] per Calculation Amount, payable on the Interest 
Payment Date falling on [•]] [Not Applicable] 
 
(v) 
Day Count Fraction: 
[Actual/Actual (ICMA)]/[30/360] 
 
(vi) 
Determination Date(s): 
[[•] in each year] [Not Applicable] 
14. 
Floating Rate Note Provisions 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-
paragraphs of this paragraph) 
 
(i) 
Specified 
Period(s)/Specified 
Interest Payment Dates: 
[•]

--- Page 97 ---
82 
 
(ii) 
First Interest Payment Date: 
[•] 
 
(iii) 
Business Day Convention: 
[Floating Rate Convention/Following Business Day 
Convention/Modified Following Business Day 
Convention/Preceding 
Business 
Day 
Convention/Modified Preceding Business Day] 
 
(iv) 
Additional Business Centre(s): 
[•]/[Not Applicable] 
 
(v) 
Party responsible for calculating 
the Rate of Interest and Interest 
Amount (if not the Agent): 
[•]/[Calculation Agent]/[Not Applicable] 
 
(vi) 
Determination 
of 
Rate 
of 
Interest: 
 
 
• 
Reference 
Rate 
and 
Relevant 
Financial 
Centre: 
Reference Rate: [[[•] month] [EURIBOR / STIBOR 
/ NIBOR / CIBOR / TIBOR / HIBOR / SOFR / 
SONIA / SIBOR / PRIBOR]] 
 
• 
Term Rate: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
- 
Relevant 
Financial 
Centre: 
[London / Brussels / Stockholm / Oslo / Copenhagen 
/ Hong Kong / Singapore / Prague] 
 
- 
Specified Time: 
[•] in the Relevant Financial Centre 
 
• 
Overnight Rate: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
- 
Index Determination: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
- 
Relevant Number: 
[[5/[•]] [[London Banking Days]/[U.S. Government 
Securities Business Days]/[Not Applicable] 
(If 'Index Determination' is 'Not Applicable', delete 
'Relevant Number' and complete the remaining 
bullets below) 
(If 'Index Determination' is 'Applicable', insert 
number of days (expected to be five or greater) as the 
Relevant Number, and the remaining bullets below 
will each be 'Not Applicable') 
 
- 
"D": 
[365/360/[•]] / [Not Applicable] 
 
- 
Observation Method: 
[Lag/Lock-out/Observation 
Shift/Payment 
Delay/Not Applicable] 
 
- 
Lag Period: 
[5/[•] [London Banking Days] [U.S. Government 
Securities Business Days]] [Not Applicable] 
 
- 
Observation 
Shift Period: 
[5/[•] [London Banking Days] [U.S. Government 
Securities Business Days]] [Not Applicable] 
(NB: A minimum of 5 relevant business/banking days 
should be specified for the Lag Period or 
Observation Shift Period, unless otherwise agreed 
with the Agent/Calculation Agent)

--- Page 98 ---
83 
 
• 
Interest Determination 
Date(s): 
[•]/[[•] London Banking Days prior to the end of 
each Interest Period] 
 
 
(In the case of EURIBOR): [Second day on which T2 
is open prior to the start of each Interest Period] 
 
 
(In the case of STIBOR): [Second Stockholm 
business day prior to the start of each Interest Period] 
 
 
(In the case of NIBOR): [Second Oslo business day 
prior to the start of each Interest Period] 
 
 
(In the case of CIBOR): [First day of each Interest 
Period] 
 
 
(In the case of TIBOR): [Second Tokyo business day 
prior to the start of each Interest Period] 
 
 
(In the case of HIBOR): [First day of each Interest 
Period] 
 
 
(In the case of SIBOR): [Second Singapore business 
day prior to the start of each Interest Period] 
 
 
(In the case of PRIBOR): [Second Prague business 
day prior to the start of each Interest Period] 
 
 
(in the case of SONIA): [The [first] London Banking 
Day falling after the end of the relevant Observation 
Period] 
 
 
(in the case of SOFR): [The [first] U.S. Government 
Securities Business Days falling after the end of the 
relevant Observation Period] 
 
• 
"p" 
[•]/[Not Applicable] 
 
• 
Relevant Screen Page: 
[•] 
 
 
(In the case of EURIBOR, if not Reuters 
EURIBOR01 ensure it is a page which shows a 
composite rate) 
 
(vii) 
Linear Interpolation: 
[Not Applicable/Applicable – the Rate of Interest for 
the [long/short] [first/last] Interest Period shall be 
calculated using Linear Interpolation (specify for 
each short or long interest period)] 
 
(viii) 
Margin(s): 
[+/-][•] per cent. per annum 
 
(ix) 
Minimum Rate of Interest: 
[•] per cent. per annum 
 
(x) 
Maximum Rate of Interest: 
[•] per cent. per annum 
 
(xi) 
Day Count Fraction: 
[Actual/Actual (ISDA)] [Actual/Actual] 
 
 
[Actual/365 (Fixed)] 
 
 
[Actual/365 (Sterling)] 
 
 
[Actual/360] 
 
 
[30/360] [360/360] [Bond Basis] 
 
 
[30E/360] [Eurobond Basis] 
 
 
[30E/360 (ISDA)]

--- Page 99 ---
84 
 
(xii) 
Benchmark 
Discontinuation 
(Condition 3(d)): 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(Benchmark 
Discontinuation 
should 
only 
be 
specified as "Not Applicable" if Benchmark 
Discontinuation – ARRC is "Applicable") 
 
(xiii) 
Benchmark Discontinuation – 
ARRC (Condition 3(e)): 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(If the Reference Rate for the Floating Rate Notes is 
"SOFR", "Benchmark Discontinuation – ARRC" 
should be specified as applicable) 
15. 
Reset Note Provisions 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-
paragraphs of this paragraph) 
 
(i) 
Initial Rate of Interest: 
[•] per cent. per annum payable in arrear on each 
Interest Payment Date 
 
(ii) 
Initial Mid-Swap Rate: 
[[•] per cent. per annum]/[Not Applicable] 
 
(iii) 
First Reset Margin: 
[+/-][•] per cent. per annum 
 
(iv) 
Subsequent Reset Margin: 
[[+/-][•] per cent. per annum]/[Not Applicable] 
 
(v) 
Interest Payment Date(s): 
[•] [and [•]] in each year up, from and including [•]]  
to and including the Maturity Date 
 
(vi) 
Fixed Coupon Amount up to (but 
excluding) the First Reset Date: 
[[•] per Calculation Amount][Not Applicable] 
 
(vii) 
Broken Amount(s) up to (but 
excluding) the First Reset Date: 
[•] per Calculation Amount payable on the Interest 
Payment Date falling [in/on] [•]] [Not Applicable] 
 
(viii) 
First Reset Date: 
[•] 
 
(ix) 
Second Reset Date: 
[[•]/[Not Applicable] 
 
(x) 
Subsequent Reset Date(s): 
[[•] [and [•]]/[Not Applicable] 
 
(xi) 
Relevant Screen Page: 
[•] 
 
(xii) 
Reset Reference Rate: 
[Reference Bond Rate]/[Mid-Swap Rate]/[CMT 
Rate] 
 
(xiii) 
Mid-Swap Rate: 
[Single Mid-Swap Rate/Mean Mid-Swap Rate]/[Not 
Applicable] 
 
(xiv) 
Reset 
Reference 
Rate 
Conversion: 
[Applicable]/[Not Applicable] 
 
(xv) 
Original Reset Reference Rate 
Basis: 
[Annual/Semi-annual/Quarterly/Monthly]/[Not 
Applicable] 
 
(xvi) 
Mid-Swap 
Floating 
Leg 
Benchmark Rate: 
[•]/[Overnight SONIA rate compounded for the Mid-
Swap Floating Leg Maturity (calculated on an 
Actual/365 day count basis)]/[Overnight SOFR rate 
compounded for the Mid-Swap Floating Leg 
Maturity (calculated on an Actual/360 day count 
basis)]/[EURIBOR (calculated on an Actual/360 day 
count basis)]/[NIBOR (calculated on an Actual/360 
day count basis)]/[Not Applicable]

--- Page 100 ---
85 
 
(xvii) 
Mid-Swap 
Floating 
Leg 
Maturity: 
[•]/[Not Applicable] 
 
(xviii) Reset Determination Date(s): 
[•] 
 
 
(Specify in relation to each Reset Date) 
 
(xix) 
Specified Time: 
[•]/[Not Applicable] 
 
(xx) 
Prior 
Rate 
of 
Interest 
or 
Calculation 
Agent 
Determination applicable: 
[Prior 
Rate 
of 
Interest/Calculation 
Agent 
Determination/Not Applicable] 
(If the Agent is the Calculation Agent, Calculation 
Agent Determination should not be selected unless 
otherwise agreed with the Agent) 
 
(xxi) 
Day Count Fraction: 
Actual/Actual (ICMA) / Actual/Actual (ISDA) / 
Actual/365 (Fixed) / Actual/365 (Sterling) / 
Actual/360 / 30/360 / 360/360 / Bond Basis / 
30E/360 / Eurobond Basis / 30E/360 (ISDA) 
 
(xxii) 
Reset 
Determination 
 
Time:  
[•]/[Not Applicable] 
 
(xxiii) CMT 
Reset 
Determination 
Time: 
[•]/[Not Applicable] 
(Only applicable where the Reset Reference Rate is 
CMT Rate) 
 
(xxiv) Benchmark 
Discontinuation 
(Condition 3(d)): 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(Benchmark 
Discontinuation 
should 
only 
be 
specified as "Not Applicable" if Benchmark 
Discontinuation – ARRC is "Applicable") 
 
(xxv) 
Benchmark Discontinuation – 
ARRC (Condition 3(e)): 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(If the Reference Rate for the Floating Rate Notes is 
"SOFR", "Benchmark Discontinuation – ARRC" 
should be specified as applicable) 
 
(xxvi) Determination Date(s): 
[[•] in each year] [Not Applicable] 
PROVISIONS RELATING TO LOSS ABSORPTION FOLLOWING A TRIGGER EVENT 
16. 
Trigger Event Level: 
[5.125 per cent./[•]] 
17. 
Minimum 
Outstanding 
Principal 
Amount: 
[Zero/[one [sub-]unit of Specified Currency]/[•]] 
PROVISIONS RELATING TO REDEMPTION AND SUBSTITUTION/VARIATION 
18. 
Issuer Call 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-
paragraphs of this paragraph) 
 
(i) 
Optional Redemption Date(s): 
[•] 
 
(ii) 
Notice period if other than as set 
out in Condition 8(c): 
[•][See Condition 8(c)] 
 
 
(N.B. When setting notice periods, the Issuer is 
advised to consider the practicalities of distribution 
of information through intermediaries, for example, 
clearing systems (which require a minimum of 5

--- Page 101 ---
86 
business days' notice for a call) and custodians, as 
well as any other notice requirements which may 
apply, for example, as between the Issuer and the 
Agent) 
19. 
Residual Holding Call Option 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-
paragraphs of this paragraph) 
• 
Residual Holding Percentage: 
[75] / [        ] per cent. 
20. 
Redemption upon the occurrence of a 
Capital Event, a Withholding Tax Event 
or a Tax Event – notice period if other 
than as set out in Condition 8(b): 
[•][ See Condition 8(b)] 
(N.B. When setting notice periods, the Issuer is 
advised to consider the practicalities of distribution 
of information through intermediaries, for example, 
clearing systems (which require a minimum of 5 
business days' notice for a call) and custodians, as 
well as any other notice requirements which may 
apply, for example, as between the Issuer and the 
Agent) 
21. 
Substitution or variation - Notice period 
if other than as set out in Condition 8(g) 
[•][See Condition 8(g)] 
GENERAL PROVISIONS APPLICABLE TO THE NOTES 
22. 
Form of Notes: 
 
 
(i) 
Form: 
[Temporary Bearer Global Note exchangeable for a 
Permanent 
Bearer 
Global 
Note 
which 
is 
exchangeable for Definitive Bearer Notes [on not 
less than 60 days' notice given at any time/only upon 
an Exchange Event]] 
 
 
[Temporary Bearer Global Note exchangeable for 
Definitive Bearer Notes on and after the Exchange 
Date]] 
 
 
[Registered Global Note registered in the name of a 
nominee for a common depositary for Euroclear and 
Clearstream, Luxembourg] 
 
 
[VPS Notes issued in uncertificated book-entry 
form] 
 
(ii) 
New Global Note: 
[Yes] [No] 
23. 
Additional Financial Centre(s): 
[Not Applicable/give details] 
 
 
(Note that this paragraph relates to the place of 
payment, and not Interest Period end dates to which 
sub-paragraph 14(iv) relates) 
 
SIGNED on behalf of DNB BANK ASA: 
 
By: .............................................................................. 
Duly authorised

--- Page 102 ---
87 
PART B – OTHER INFORMATION 
1. 
LISTING AND ADMISSION TO TRADING: 
 
(i) 
Listing and admission 
to trading: 
[Application has been made for the Notes to be admitted to 
trading on the regulated market of [Euronext Dublin]/[Oslo 
Stock Exchange] and listed on the official list of [Euronext 
Dublin]/[Oslo Stock Exchange] with effect from [•]] 
 
 
(Where documenting a fungible issue use:) 
 
 
[The original Notes were admitted to trading on the regulated 
market of [Euronext Dublin]/[Oslo Stock Exchange] and 
admitted to the official list of [Euronext Dublin] [Oslo Stock 
Exchange] on [•]. 
 
(ii) 
Estimate 
of 
total 
expenses 
related 
to 
admission to trading: 
[•] 
2. 
RATINGS: 
 
 
[The Notes to be issued [[have been]/[are expected to be]] 
rated (insert details) by (insert credit rating agency name(s) 
and associated defined terms). Each of (defined terms) is 
established in the European Union and is registered under 
Regulation (EC) No. 1060/2009 (as amended) (the "CRA 
Regulation").] 
 
 
(The above disclosure should reflect the rating allocated to 
Notes issued under the Programme generally or, where the 
issue has been specifically rated, that rating.) 
(Include brief explanation of the meaning of the ratings if this 
has previously been published by the rating provider.) 
 
 
[(Insert credit rating agency) is established in the European 
Union and has applied for registration under Regulation (EC) 
No. 1060/2009, although notification of the corresponding 
registration decision has not yet been provided by the 
relevant competent authority.] 
 
 
[(Insert credit rating agency) is established in the European 
Union and is registered under Regulation (EC) No. 
1060/2009.] 
 
 
[(Insert credit rating agency) is not established in the 
European Union and is not registered in accordance with 
Regulation (EC) No. 1060/2009.] 
 
 
[(Insert credit rating agency) is not established in the 
European Union and has not applied for registration under 
Regulation (EC) No. 1060/2009. However, the application 
for registration under Regulation (EC) No. 1060/2009 of 
(insert the name of the relevant EU CRA affiliate that applied 
for registration), which is established in the European Union, 
disclosed the intention to endorse credit ratings of (insert 
credit rating agency).] 
 
 
[(Insert credit rating agency) is not established in the 
European Union and has not applied for registration under 
Regulation (EC) No. 1060/2009. The ratings [[have

--- Page 103 ---
88 
been]/[are expected to be]] endorsed by (insert the name of 
the relevant EU-registered credit rating agency) in 
accordance with Regulation (EC) No. 1060/2009. (Insert the 
name of the relevant EU-registered credit rating agency) is 
established in the European Union and registered under 
Regulation (EC) No. 1060/2009.] 
 
 
[(Insert credit rating agency) is not established in the 
European Union and has not applied for registration under 
Regulation (EC) No. 1060/2009, but it is certified in 
accordance with such Regulation.] 
3. 
INTERESTS OF NATURAL AND LEGAL PERSONS INVOLVED IN THE ISSUE: 
 
[Save for any fees [of [insert relevant fee disclosure]] payable to the [Managers/Dealers], so far 
as the Issuer is aware, no person involved in the issue of the Notes has an interest material to the 
offer. The [Managers/Dealers] and their affiliates have engaged, and may in the future engage, 
in investment banking and/or commercial banking transactions with, and may perform other 
services for, the Issuer and its affiliates in the ordinary course of business.] (Need to include a 
description of any interest, including conflicting ones, that is material to the issue/offer, detailing 
the persons involved and the nature of the interest.) 
 
(When adding any other description, consideration should be given as to whether such matters 
described constitute "significant new factors" and consequently trigger the need for a 
supplement to the Base Prospectus under Article 23 of the Prospectus Regulation.) 
4. 
YIELD: (Fixed Rate Notes and Reset Notes only) 
 
Indication of yield: 
[•] 
5. 
OPERATIONAL INFORMATION: 
 
(i) 
ISIN Code: 
[•] 
 
(ii) 
Common Code: 
[•] 
 
(iii) 
CFI: 
[[See/[•], as updated, as set out on] the website of the 
Association of National Numbering Agencies (ANNA) or 
alternatively sourced from the responsible National 
Numbering Agency that assigned the ISIN / Not Applicable 
/ Not Available] 
 
(iv) 
FISN: 
[[See/[•], as updated, as set out on] the website of the 
Association of National Numbering Agencies (ANNA) or 
alternatively sourced from the responsible National 
Numbering Agency that assigned the ISIN / Not Applicable 
/ Not Available] 
 
 
(If the CFI and/or FISN is not required, requested or 
available, it/they should be specified to be "Not Applicable") 
 
(v) 
Any clearing system(s) 
other than Euroclear 
Bank 
SA/NV 
and 
Clearstream 
Banking 
S.A. and the relevant 
identification 
number(s): 
[Not 
Applicable/(give 
name(s) 
and 
number(s))/Verdipapirsentralen, 
Norway. 
VPS 
identification number: [•]. The Issuer shall be entitled to 
obtain certain information from the register maintained by 
the VPS for the purposes of performing its obligations under 
the issue of VPS Notes] 
 
(vi) 
Delivery: 
Delivery [against/free of] payment

--- Page 104 ---
89 
 
(vii) 
Names and addresses 
of additional Paying 
Agent(s) (if any): 
[•][Not Applicable] 
 
(viii) 
Intended to be held in a 
manner which would 
allow 
Eurosystem 
eligibility: 
[Yes. Note that the designation "yes" simply means that the 
Notes are intended upon issue to be deposited with one of the 
ICSDs as common safekeeper and does not necessarily mean 
that the Notes will be recognised as eligible collateral for 
Eurosystem monetary policy and intra-day credit operations 
by the Eurosystem either upon issue or at any or all times 
during their life. Such recognition will depend upon the ECB 
being satisfied that the Eurosystem eligibility criteria have 
been met.] 
 
 
[No. Whilst the designation is specified as "no" at the date of 
these Final Terms, should the Eurosystem eligibility criteria 
be amended in the future such that the Notes are capable of 
meeting them the Notes may then be deposited with one of 
the ICSDs as common safekeeper. Note that this does not 
necessarily mean that the Notes will then be recognised as 
eligible collateral for Eurosystem monetary policy and intra-
day credit operations by the Eurosystem at any time during 
their life. Such recognition will depend upon the ECB being 
satisfied that the Eurosystem eligibility criteria have been 
met.] 
 
 
(If "yes" is specified above, Bearer Notes must be issued in 
NGN form) 
6. 
DISTRIBUTION: 
 
(i) 
If syndicated, names of 
Managers: 
[Not Applicable/give names] 
 
(ii) 
Date of Subscription 
Agreement: 
[•][Not Applicable] 
 
(iii) 
Stabilisation 
Manager(s) (if any): 
[Not Applicable/give name(s)] 
 
(iv) 
If 
non-syndicated, 
name 
of 
relevant 
Dealer: 
[Not Applicable/give name] 
 
(v) 
U.S. 
Selling 
Restrictions: 
[TEFRA D/TEFRA C/TEFRA not applicable] 
 
 
(N.B. VPS Notes must be issued in compliance with TEFRA 
C unless TEFRA is not applicable) 
 
(vi) 
Singapore 
Sales 
to 
Institutional Investors 
and 
Accredited 
Investors only: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
7. 
EU BENCHMARKS REGULATION: 
 
EU Benchmarks Regulation: 
Article 29(2) statement on 
benchmarks: 
[Not applicable]

--- Page 105 ---
90 
 
 
[Applicable: Amounts payable under the Notes are calculated 
by reference to [specify benchmark] / [in the case of Reset 
Notes, insert name[s] of benchmark(s)]], which [is/are] 
provided by [insert name[s] of the administrator[s] – if more 
than one specify in relation to each relevant benchmark]. 
 
 
[As at the date of these Final Terms, [insert name[s] of the 
administrator[s]] [is/are] [not] included in the register of 
administrators and benchmarks established and maintained 
by the European Securities and Markets Authority 
[("ESMA")] pursuant to article 36 of the EU Benchmarks 
Regulation (Regulation (EU) 2016/1011) [(the "BMR")].] 
[(repeat as necessary)]] 
8. 
THIRD PARTY INFORMATION: 
 
[[•] has been extracted from [•]. The Issuer confirms that such information has been accurately 
reproduced and that, so far as it is aware and is able to ascertain from information published by 
[•], no facts have been omitted which would render the reproduced information inaccurate or 
misleading.]/[Not Applicable] 
9. 
REASONS FOR THE OFFER AND ESTIMATED NET PROCEEDS 
 
(i) 
Reasons for the offer: 
[If reasons differ from disclosure in Base Prospectus, give 
details here] /[See "Use of Proceeds" in the Base Prospectus.] 
 
(ii) 
Estimated 
net 
proceeds: 
[•]

--- Page 106 ---
91 
APPLICABLE PRICING SUPPLEMENT 
Set out below is the form of Pricing Supplement which will be completed for each Tranche of Exempt Notes 
issued under the Programme. 
PROHIBITION ON MARKETING AND SALES TO RETAIL INVESTORS 
The Notes are complex financial instruments. They are not a suitable or appropriate investment for all 
investors, especially retail investors. In some jurisdictions, regulatory authorities have adopted or published 
laws, regulations or guidance with respect to the offer or sale of securities such as the Notes to retail 
investors. Potential investors in the Notes should inform themselves of, and comply with, any applicable 
laws, regulations or regulatory guidance with respect to any resale of the Notes (or beneficial interests 
therein). 
FCA CoCo restriction: In the United Kingdom ("UK"), the Financial Conduct Authority ("FCA") 
Conduct of Business Sourcebook ("COBS") requires, in summary, that the Notes should not be offered or 
sold to retail clients (as defined in COBS 3.4 and each a "UK retail client") in the UK. 
In October 2018, the Hong Kong Monetary Authority (the “HKMA”) issued guidance on enhanced investor 
protection measures on the sale and distribution of debt instruments with loss-absorption features (such as 
the Notes) and related products (the “HKMA Circular”). Under the HKMA Circular, debt instruments 
with loss absorption features, being subject to the risk of being written-down or converted to ordinary 
shares, and investment products that invest mainly in, or whose returns are closely linked to the performance 
of such instruments, are to be targeted in Hong Kong at professional investors (as defined in the Securities 
and Futures Ordinance (Cap. 571) of Hong Kong (the “SFO”) and any subsidiary legislations or rules made 
under the SFO, “Professional Investors”) only and are generally not suitable for retail investors in either 
the primary or secondary markets. 
Investors in Hong Kong should not purchase the Notes in the primary or secondary markets unless they are 
Professional Investors and understand the risks involved. The Notes are generally not suitable for retail 
investors. 
PRIIPS REGULATION / IMPORTANT – EEA RETAIL INVESTORS - The Notes are not intended 
to be offered, sold or otherwise made available to and should not be offered, sold or otherwise made 
available to any retail investor in the EEA. For these purposes, a "retail investor" means a person who is 
one (or more) of: (i) a retail client as defined in point (11) of Article 4(1) of Directive 2014/65/EU (as 
amended, "MiFID II"); (ii) a customer within the meaning of Directive (EU) 2016/97, as amended or 
superseded (the "Insurance Distribution Directive"), where that customer would not qualify as a 
professional client as defined in point (10) of Article 4(1) of MiFID II; or (iii) not a qualified investor as 
defined in Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 (as amended, the "Prospectus Regulation"). Consequently no key 
information document required by Regulation (EU) No 1286/2014, as amended (the "PRIIPs Regulation") 
for offering or selling the Notes or otherwise making them available to retail investors in the EEA will be 
prepared and therefore offering or selling the Notes or otherwise making them available to any retail 
investor in the EEA may be unlawful under the PRIIPs Regulation. 
UK PRIIPS REGULATION / IMPORTANT – UK RETAIL INVESTORS – The Notes are not 
intended to be offered, sold or otherwise made available to and should not be offered, sold or otherwise 
made available to any retail investor in the UK. For these purposes, a "retail investor" means a person who 
is one (or more) of: (i) a retail client, as defined in point (8) of Article 2 of Regulation (EU) No 2017/565 
as it forms part of UK domestic law by virtue of the European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018 (the 
"EUWA"); or (ii) a customer within the meaning of the provisions of the Financial Services and Markets 
Act 2000 (as amended, the "FSMA") and any rules or regulations made under the FSMA to implement the 
Insurance Distribution Directive, where that customer would not qualify as a professional client, as defined 
in point (8) of Article 2(1) of Regulation (EU) No 600/2014 as it forms part of UK domestic law by virtue

--- Page 107 ---
92 
of the EUWA ("UK MiFIR"); or (iii) not a qualified investor as defined in Article 2 of the Prospectus 
Regulation as it forms part of UK domestic law by virtue of the EUWA. Consequently no key information 
document required by Regulation (EU) No 1286/2014 as it forms part of UK domestic law by virtue of the 
EUWA (the "UK PRIIPs Regulation") for offering or selling the Notes or otherwise making them 
available to retail investors in the UK will be prepared and therefore offering or selling the Notes or 
otherwise making them available to any retail investor in the UK may be unlawful under the UK PRIIPs 
Regulation. 
MIFID II PRODUCT GOVERNANCE / TARGET MARKET – Solely for the purposes of [the/each] 
manufacturer's product approval process, the target market assessment in respect of the Notes has led to the 
conclusion that: (i) the target market for the Notes is eligible counterparties and professional clients only, 
each as defined in MiFID II; and (ii) all channels for distribution of the Notes to eligible counterparties and 
professional clients are appropriate. [Consider any negative target market]. Any person subsequently 
offering, selling or recommending the Notes (a "Distributor") should take into consideration the 
manufacturer['s/s'] target market assessment; however, a Distributor subject to MiFID II is responsible for 
undertaking its own target market assessment in respect of the Notes (by either adopting or refining the 
manufacturer['s/s'] target market assessment) and determining appropriate distribution channels. 
[UK MIFIR PRODUCT GOVERNANCE / TARGET MARKET – Solely for the purposes of [the/each] 
manufacturer's product approval process, the target market assessment in respect of the Notes has led to the 
conclusion that: (i) the target market for the Notes is only eligible counterparties, as defined in the FCA 
Handbook Conduct of Business Sourcebook, and professional clients, as defined in UK MiFIR; and (ii) all 
channels for distribution of the Notes to eligible counterparties and professional clients are appropriate. 
Any Distributor should take into consideration the manufacturer['s/s'] target market assessment; however, 
a Distributor subject to the FCA Handbook Product Intervention and Product Governance Sourcebook is 
responsible for undertaking its own target market assessment in respect of the Notes (by either adopting or 
refining the manufacturer['s/s'] target market assessment) and determining appropriate distribution 
channels.] 
REPRESENTATIONS, WARRANTIES AND AGREEMENTS 
COBS, MiFID II, the PRIIPs Regulation, the UK PRIIPs Regulation and the HKMA Circular are, together, 
referred to herein as the "Regulations". 
As used in this section "Representations, Warranties and Agreements", "retail client" means any of (i) a 
retail client as defined in MiFID II; (ii) a retail client as defined in point (8) of Article 2 of Regulation (EU) 
No 2017/565 as it forms part of UK domestic law by virtue of the EUWA; and (iii) a UK retail client. 
The Regulations set out various obligations in relation to (i) the manufacture and distribution of financial 
instruments and (ii) the offering, sale and distribution of packaged retail and insurance-based investment 
products and certain contingent write down or convertible securities, such as the Notes. 
Potential investors in the Notes should inform themselves of, and comply with, any applicable laws, 
regulations or regulatory guidance with respect to any resale of the Notes (or any beneficial interests 
therein) including the Regulations. 
The Issuer and the relevant Dealer/Managers are required to comply with some or all of the Regulations. 
By purchasing, or making or accepting an offer to purchase, any Notes (or a beneficial interest in such 
Notes) from the Issuer and/or the relevant Dealer/Managers, each prospective investor represents, warrants, 
agrees with, and undertakes to, the Issuer and the relevant Dealer/Managers that: 
1. 
it is not a retail client;

--- Page 108 ---
93 
2. 
if it is in Hong Kong, it is a Professional Investor; 
3. 
whether or not it is subject to the Regulations: 
3.1 
it will not sell or offer the Notes (or any beneficial interests therein) to retail clients or a 
retail investor in Hong Kong; 
3.2 
it will not communicate (including the distribution of these Final Terms or the Base 
Prospectus, as the case may be) or approve any invitation or inducement to participate in, 
acquire or underwrite the Notes (or any beneficial interests therein) where that invitation 
or inducement is addressed to or disseminated in such a way that it is likely to be received 
by a retail client or any customer in Hong Kong who is not a Professional Investor; and 
3.3 
in selling or offering the Notes or making or approving communications relating to the 
Notes, it may not rely on the limited exemptions set out in COBS; and 
4. 
it will at all times comply with all applicable laws, regulations and regulatory guidance (whether 
inside or outside the EEA, the UK or Hong Kong) relating to the promotion, offering, distribution 
and/or sale of the Notes (or any beneficial interests therein), whether or not specifically mentioned 
in the Base Prospectus, including (without limitation) the Regulations (as applicable) and any other 
applicable laws, regulations and regulatory guidance relating to determining the appropriateness 
and/or suitability of an investment in the Notes (or any beneficial interests therein) by investors in 
any relevant jurisdiction. 
The Regulations must be complied with when selling the Notes to Norwegian investors in Norway 
[Singapore Securities and Futures Act Product Classification – In connection with Section 309B of the 
Securities and Futures Act 2001 of Singapore (as modified or amended from time to time, the "SFA") and 
the Securities and Futures (Capital Markets Products) Regulations 2018 of Singapore (the "CMP 
Regulations 2018"), the Issuer has determined the classification of the Notes to be (a) capital markets 
products other than prescribed capital markets products (as defined in the CMP Regulations 2018) and (b) 
Specified Investment Products (as defined in MAS Notice SFA 04-N12: Notice on the Sale of Investment 
Products and MAS Notice FAA-N16: Notice on Recommendations on Investment Products).]3 
[In respect of any tranche of Notes issued in Singapore Dollars with a denomination of less than S$200,000, 
the following information is provided pursuant to Regulation 6 of the Banking Regulations made under the 
Banking Act 1970 of Singapore: 
(a) 
the place of booking of the Notes is [●]; 
(b) 
the branch or office of the Issuer at which the tranche of the Notes is booked is not subject to 
regulation or supervision in Singapore; 
(c) 
the tranche of Notes is [not secured by any means] OR [please describe the nature of the security, 
the name of the mortgagor, chargor or guarantor and whether such person is regulated by the 
Monetary Authority of Singapore]].] 
 
 
 
3 
Legend to be included if the Issuer needs to re-classify the Notes as “capital markets products other 
than prescribed capital markets products” and “Specified Investment Products” pursuant to Section 
309B of the SFA and the Notes are to be offered in Singapore. Relevant Dealer(s) to consider whether 
it / they have received the necessary product classification from the Issuer prior to the launch of the 
offer, pursuant to Section 309B of the SFA.

--- Page 109 ---
94 
[Date] 
DNB Bank ASA 
Legal entity identifier (LEI): 549300GKFG0RYRRQ1414 
Issue of [Aggregate Original Principal Amount of Tranche] [Title of Notes] 
under the 
€10,000,000,000 Additional Tier 1 Capital Note Programme 
PART A – CONTRACTUAL TERMS 
This document constitutes the Pricing Supplement of the Notes described herein. This document must be 
read in conjunction with the Base Prospectus dated 14 February 2024 [and the supplement[s] to the Base 
Prospectus dated [date]] (the "Base Prospectus"). Full information on DNB Bank ASA (the "Issuer") and 
the offer of the Notes is only available on the basis of the combination of this Pricing Supplement and the 
Base Prospectus. Copies of the Base Prospectus may be obtained from [address]. 
(Include whichever of the following apply or specify as "Not Applicable". Note that the numbering should 
remain as set out below, even if "Not Applicable" is indicated for individual paragraphs or sub-paragraphs. 
Italics denote directions for completing the Pricing Supplement.) 
1. 
Issuer: 
DNB Bank ASA 
2. 
(i) 
Series Number: 
[•] 
 
(ii) 
Tranche Number: 
[•] 
 
(iii) 
Date on which the Notes will 
be consolidated and form a 
single Series: 
The Notes will be consolidated and form a single Series 
with (identify earlier Tranches) on [the Issue 
Date/exchange of the Temporary Bearer Global Note for 
interests in the Permanent Bearer Global Note, as 
referred to in paragraph [•] below, which is expected to 
occur on or about (date)] [Not Applicable] 
3. 
Specified Currency or Currencies: 
[•] 
4. 
Aggregate 
Original 
Principal 
Amount: 
 
 
[Series: 
[•] 
 
[Tranche: 
[•] 
5. 
Issue Price: 
[•] per cent. of the Aggregate Original Principal Amount 
[plus accrued interest from (insert date) (if applicable)] 
6. 
(i) 
Specified Denomination(s): 
[•][and integral multiples of [€1,000] in excess thereof 
up to and including [€199,000]. No Notes in definitive 
form will be issued with a denomination above 
[€199,000].] 
 
 
(N.B. Include the wording in square brackets above, 
where Bearer Notes are being issued which have 
denominations consisting of a minimum Specified 
Denomination plus one or more higher integral 
multiples of another smaller amount)

--- Page 110 ---
95 
 
 
(In the case of Registered Notes, this means the 
minimum integral amount in which transfers can be 
made) 
 
(ii) 
Calculation Amount: 
[•] 
7. 
(i) 
Issue Date: 
[•] 
 
(ii) 
Interest 
Commencement 
Date: 
[specify/Issue Date] 
8. 
Interest Basis: 
[[•] per cent. Fixed Rate] 
 
 
[[•] month] [EURIBOR / SONIA / SOFR / STIBOR / 
NIBOR / CIBOR / TIBOR / HIBOR / SIBOR / PRIBOR 
/ other] [+/-[•] per cent. Floating Rate] 
 
 
[Reset Notes] 
 
 
(further particulars specified below, see paragraph 
[12/13/14]) 
9. 
Change of Interest Basis: 
(Specify the date when any fixed to floating rate change 
occurs or cross refer to paragraphs 12 and 13 below and 
identify there) [Not Applicable] 
10. 
Calculation Agent: 
[•] [Not Applicable] 
11. 
Call Options: 
[Issuer Call] 
 
 
[Residual Holding Call Option] 
 
 
[(further particulars specified below, see paragraph 
[18/19])] 
PROVISIONS RELATING TO INTEREST (IF ANY) PAYABLE 
12. 
Fixed Rate Note Provisions 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-paragraphs 
of this paragraph) 
 
(i) 
Rate(s) of Interest: 
[•] per cent. per annum payable in arrear on each Interest 
Payment Date 
 
(ii) 
Interest Payment Date(s): 
[•] in each year up 
(Amend appropriately in the case of irregular interest 
periods) 
 
(iii) 
Fixed Coupon Amount(s): 
[[•] per Calculation Amount] [Not Applicable] 
 
(iv) 
Broken Amount(s): 
[[•] per Calculation Amount, payable on the Interest 
Payment Date falling on [•]] [Not Applicable] 
 
(v) 
Day Count Fraction: 
[Actual/Actual (ICMA)]/[30/360] 
 
(vi) 
Determination Date(s): 
[[•] in each year] [Not Applicable] 
13. 
Floating Rate Note Provisions 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-paragraphs 
of this paragraph) 
 
(i) 
Specified 
Period(s)/Specified Interest 
Payment Dates: 
[•] 
 
(ii) 
First Interest Payment Date: 
[•]

--- Page 111 ---
96 
 
(iii) 
Business Day Convention: 
[Floating Rate Convention/Following Business Day 
Convention/Modified 
Following 
Business 
Day 
Convention/Preceding 
Business 
Day 
Convention/Modified Preceding Business Day] 
 
(iv) 
Additional 
Business 
Centre(s): 
[•]/[Not Applicable] 
 
(v) 
Party 
responsible 
for 
calculating 
the 
Rate 
of 
Interest and Interest Amount 
(if not the Agent): 
[•]/[Calculation Agent]/[Not Applicable] 
 
(vi) 
Determination of Rate of 
Interest: 
 
 
• 
Reference Rate and 
Relevant Financial 
Centre: 
Reference Rate: [[[•] month] [EURIBOR / SONIA / 
SOFR / STIBOR / NIBOR / CIBOR / TIBOR / HIBOR 
/SIBOR / PRIBOR]] 
 
• 
Term Rate: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
- 
Relevant 
Financial Centre: 
[London / Brussels / Stockholm / Oslo / Copenhagen / 
Hong Kong / Singapore / Prague] 
 
- 
Specified Time: 
[•] in the Relevant Financial Centre 
 
• 
Overnight Rate: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
- 
Index 
Determination: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
- 
Relevant 
Number: 
[[5/[•]] [[London Banking Days]/[U.S. Government 
Securities Business Days]/[Not Applicable] 
(If 'Index Determination' is 'Not Applicable', delete 
'Relevant Number' and complete the remaining bullets 
below) 
(If 'Index Determination' is 'Applicable', insert number 
of days (expected to be five or greater) as the Relevant 
Number, and the remaining bullets below will each be 
'Not Applicable') 
 
- 
"D": 
[365/360/[•]] / [Not Applicable] 
 
- 
Observation 
Method: 
[Lag/Lock-out/Observation Shift/Payment Delay/Not 
Applicable] 
 
- 
Lag Period: 
[5/[•] [London Banking Days] [U.S. Government 
Securities Business Days]] [Not Applicable] 
 
- 
Observation 
Shift Period: 
[5/[•] [London Banking Days] [U.S. Government 
Securities Business Days]] [Not Applicable] 
(NB: A minimum of 5 relevant business/banking days 
should be specified for the Lag Period or Observation 
Shift Period, unless otherwise agreed with the 
Agent/Calculation Agent)

--- Page 112 ---
97 
 
• 
Interest 
Determination 
Date(s): 
[•]/[[•] London Banking Days prior to the end of each 
Interest Period] 
 
 
(In the case of EURIBOR): [Second day on which T2 is 
open prior to the start of each Interest Period] 
 
 
(In the case of STIBOR): [Second Stockholm business 
day prior to the start of each Interest Period] 
 
 
(In the case of NIBOR): [Second Oslo business day prior 
to the start of each Interest Period] 
 
 
(In the case of CIBOR): [First day of each Interest 
Period] 
 
 
(In the case of TIBOR): [Second Tokyo business day 
prior to the start of each Interest Period] 
 
 
(In the case of HIBOR): [First day of each Interest 
Period] 
 
 
(In the case of SIBOR): [Second Singapore business day 
prior to the start of each Interest Period] 
 
 
(In the case of PRIBOR): [Second Prague business day 
prior to the start of each Interest Period] 
 
 
(In the case of SONIA):[The [first] London Banking Day 
falling after the end of the relevant Observation Period] 
 
 
(In the case of SOFR): [The [first] U.S. Government 
Securities Business Day falling after the end of the 
relevant Observation Period] 
 
• 
"p": 
[•]/[Not Applicable] 
 
• 
Relevant 
Screen 
Page: 
[•] 
 
 
(In the case of EURIBOR, if not Reuters EURIBOR01 
ensure it is a page which shows a composite rate or 
amend the fall back provisions appropriately) 
 
(vii) 
Linear Interpolation: 
[Not Applicable/Applicable – the Rate of Interest for the 
[long/short] [first/last] Interest Period shall be calculated 
using Linear Interpolation (specify for each short or long 
interest period)] 
 
(viii) 
Margin(s): 
[+/-][•] per cent. per annum 
 
(ix) 
Minimum Rate of Interest: 
[•] per cent. per annum 
 
(x) 
Maximum Rate of Interest: 
[•] per cent. per annum

--- Page 113 ---
98 
 
(xi) 
Day Count Fraction: 
[Actual/Actual (ISDA)] [Actual/Actual] 
 
 
[Actual/365 (Fixed)] 
 
 
[Actual/365 (Sterling)] 
 
 
[Actual/360] 
 
 
[30/360] [360/360] [Bond Basis] 
 
 
[30E/360] [Eurobond Basis] 
 
 
[30E/360 (ISDA)] 
 
(xii) 
Benchmark Discontinuation 
(Condition 3(d)): 
Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(Benchmark Discontinuation should only be specified as 
"Not Applicable" if Benchmark Discontinuation – ARRC 
is "Applicable") 
 
(xiii) 
Benchmark Discontinuation 
– ARRC (Condition 3(e)): 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(If the Reference Rate for the Floating Rate Notes is 
"SOFR", "Benchmark Discontinuation – ARRC" should 
be specified as applicable) 
14. 
Reset Note Provisions 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-paragraphs 
of this paragraph) 
 
(i) 
Initial Rate of Interest: 
[•] per cent. per annum payable in arrear on each Interest 
Payment Date 
 
(ii) 
Initial Mid-Swap Rate: 
[[•] per cent. per annum]/[Not Applicable] 
 
(iii) 
First Reset Margin: 
[+/-][•] per cent. per annum 
 
(iv) 
Subsequent Reset Margin: 
[[+/-][•] per cent. per annum]/[Not Applicable] 
 
(v) 
Interest Payment Date(s): 
[•] [and [•]] in each year up[, from and including [•]] to 
and including the Maturity Date 
 
(vi) 
Fixed Coupon Amount up to 
(but excluding) the First 
Reset Date: 
[[•] per Calculation Amount][Not Applicable] 
 
(vii) 
Broken Amount(s) up to (but 
excluding) the First Reset 
Date: 
[•] per Calculation Amount payable on the Interest 
Payment Date falling [in/on] [•]] [Not Applicable] 
 
(viii) 
First Reset Date: 
[•] 
 
(ix) 
Second Reset Date: 
[•] 
 
(x) 
Subsequent Reset Date(s): 
[[•] [and [•]]/[Not Applicable] 
 
(xi) 
Relevant Screen Page: 
[•] 
 
(xii) 
Reset Reference Rate: 
[Reference Bond Rate]/[Mid-Swap Rate]/[CMT Rate] 
 
(xiii) 
Mid-Swap Rate: 
[Single Mid-Swap Rate/Mean Mid-Swap Rate]/[Not 
Applicable] 
 
(xiv) 
Reset 
Reference 
Rate 
Conversion: 
[Applicable]/[Not Applicable] 
 
 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-paragraph 
of this paragraph)

--- Page 114 ---
99 
 
(xv) 
Original Reset Reference 
Rate Basis: 
[Annual/Semi-annual/Quarterly/Monthly]/[Not 
Applicable] 
 
(xvi) 
Mid-Swap 
Floating 
Leg 
Benchmark Rate: 
[•]/[Overnight SONIA rate compounded for the Mid-
Swap Floating Leg Maturity (calculated on an 
Actual/365 day count basis)]/[Overnight SOFR rate 
compounded for the Mid-Swap Floating Leg Maturity 
(calculated 
on 
an 
Actual/360 
day 
count 
basis)]/[EURIBOR (calculated on an Actual/360 day 
count basis)]/[NIBOR (calculated on an Actual/360 day 
count basis)]/[Not Applicable] 
 
(xvii) 
Mid-Swap 
Floating 
Leg 
Maturity: 
[•]/[Not Applicable] 
 
(xviii) Reset Determination Date(s): 
[•] 
 
 
(Specify in relation to each Reset Date) 
 
(xix) 
Specified Time: 
[•]/[Not Applicable] 
 
(xx) 
Prior Rate of Interest or 
Calculation 
Agent 
Determination applicable: 
[Prior 
Rate 
of 
Interest/Calculation 
Agent 
Determination/Not Applicable] 
(If the Agent is the Calculation Agent, Calculation Agent 
Determination should not be selected unless otherwise 
agreed with the Agent) 
 
(xxi) 
Day Count Fraction: 
[Actual/Actual (ICMA) / Actual/Actual (ISDA) / 
Actual/365 (Fixed) / Actual/365 (Sterling) / Actual/360 
/ 30/360 / 360/360 / Bond Basis / 30E/360 / Eurobond 
Basis / 30E/360 (ISDA)] 
 
(xxii) 
Reset Determination Time: 
[•]/[Not Applicable] 
 
(xxiii) CMT Reset Determination 
Time: 
[•]/[Not Applicable] 
(Only applicable where the Reset Reference Rate is 
CMT Rate) 
 
(xxiv) Benchmark Discontinuation 
(Condition 3(d)): 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(Benchmark Discontinuation should only be specified as 
"Not Applicable" if Benchmark Discontinuation – ARRC 
is "Applicable") 
 
(xxv) 
Benchmark Discontinuation 
– ARRC (Condition 3(e)): 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(If the Reference Rate for the Floating Rate Notes is 
"SOFR", "Benchmark Discontinuation – ARRC" should 
be specified as applicable) 
 
(xxvi) Determination Date(s): 
[[•] in each year] [Not Applicable]

--- Page 115 ---
100 
PROVISIONS RELATING TO LOSS ABSORPTION FOLLOWING A TRIGGER EVENT 
15. 
Trigger Event Level: 
[5.125 per cent./[•]] 
16. 
Minimum 
Outstanding 
Principal 
Amount: 
[Zero/[one [sub-]unit of Specified Currency]/[•]] 
PROVISIONS RELATING TO REDEMPTION AND SUBSTITUTION/VARIATION 
17. 
Issuer Call 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-paragraphs 
of this paragraph) 
 
(i) 
Optional 
Redemption 
Date(s): 
[•] 
 
(ii) 
Notice period if other than as 
set out in Condition 8(c): 
[•] [See Condition 8(c)] 
(N.B. When setting notice periods, the Issuer is advised 
to consider the practicalities of distribution of 
information through intermediaries, for example, 
clearing systems (which require a minimum of 5 
business days' notice for a call) and custodians, as well 
as any other notice requirements which may apply, for 
example, as between the Issuer and the Agent) 
18.  
Residual Holding Call Option 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-paragraphs 
of this paragraph) 
• 
Residual 
Holding 
Percentage: 
[75] / [        ] per cent. 
19. 
Redemption upon the occurrence of a 
Capital Event, a Withholding Tax 
Event or a Tax Event – notice period 
if other than as set out in Condition 
8(b): 
[•][See Condition 8(b)] 
(N.B. When setting notice periods, the Issuer is advised 
to consider the practicalities of distribution of 
information through intermediaries, for example, 
clearing systems (which require a minimum of 5 
business days' notice for a call) and custodians, as well 
as any other notice requirements which may apply, for 
example, as between the Issuer and the Agent) 
20. 
Substitution or variation - Notice 
period if other than as set out in 
Condition 8(g) 
[•][See Condition 8(g)] 
GENERAL PROVISIONS APPLICABLE TO THE NOTES 
21. 
Form of Notes: 
 
 
(i) 
Form: 
[Temporary Bearer Global Note exchangeable for a 
Permanent Bearer Global Note which is exchangeable 
for Definitive Bearer Notes [on not less than 60 days' 
notice given at any time/only upon an Exchange Event]] 
 
 
[Temporary Bearer Global Note exchangeable for 
Definitive Bearer Notes on and after the Exchange Date 
on [•] days' notice given at any time]]

--- Page 116 ---
101 
 
 
[Registered Global Note ([•] nominal amount) registered 
in the name of a nominee for a common depositary for 
Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg] 
 
 
[VPS Notes issued in uncertificated book-entry form] 
 
(ii) 
New Global Note: 
[Yes] [No] 
22. 
Additional Financial Centre(s): 
[Not Applicable/give details] 
 
 
(Note that this paragraph relates to the place of 
payment, and not Interest Period end dates to which sub-
paragraph 13(iv) relates) 
23. 
Other final terms: 
[Not Applicable/give details] 
 
[RESPONSIBILITY 
The Issuer accepts responsibility for the information contained in this Pricing Supplement. [[Relevant third 
party information] has been extracted from [specify source]. The Issuer confirms that such information has 
been accurately reproduced and that, so far as it is aware and is able to ascertain from information published 
by [specify source], no facts have been omitted which would render the reproduced information inaccurate 
or misleading.]] 
SIGNED on behalf of DNB BANK ASA: 
 
By: .............................................................................. 
Duly authorised

--- Page 117 ---
102 
PART B – OTHER INFORMATION 
1. 
LISTING AND ADMISSION TO TRADING: 
 
Listing and admission to trading: 
[•] 
2. 
RATINGS: 
[The Notes to be issued [[have been]/[are expected to be]] 
rated [insert details] by [insert the legal name of the relevant 
credit rating agency entity(ies)] 
 
 
(The above disclosure is only required if the ratings of the 
Notes are different to those stated in the Base Prospectus) 
3. 
INTERESTS OF NATURAL AND LEGAL PERSONS INVOLVED IN THE ISSUE: 
[Save for the fees [of [insert relevant fee disclosure]] payable to the [Managers/Dealers], so far 
as the Issuer is aware, no person involved in the issue of the Notes has an interest material to the 
offer. The [Managers/Dealers] and their affiliates have engaged, and may in the future engage, 
in investment banking and/or commercial banking transactions with, and may perform other 
services for, the Issuer and its affiliates in the ordinary course of business.] (Amend as 
appropriate if there are other interests) 
4. 
REASONS FOR THE OFFER  
Reasons for the offer: 
[If reasons differ from disclosure in Base Prospectus, give 
details here] / [See "Use of Proceeds" in the Base 
Prospectus.] 
5. 
OPERATIONAL INFORMATION: 
 
(i) 
ISIN Code: 
[•] 
 
(ii) 
Common Code: 
[•] 
 
(iii) 
CFI: 
[[See/[•], as updated, as set out on] the website of the 
Association of National Numbering Agencies (ANNA) or 
alternatively sourced from the responsible National 
Numbering Agency that assigned the ISIN / Not Applicable 
/ Not Available] 
 
(iv) 
FISN: 
[[See/[•], as updated, as set out on] the website of the 
Association of National Numbering Agencies (ANNA) or 
alternatively sourced from the responsible National 
Numbering Agency that assigned the ISIN / Not Applicable 
/ Not Available] 
 
 
(If the CFI and/or FISN is not required, requested or 
available, it/they should be specified to be "Not Applicable") 
 
(v) 
Any clearing system(s) 
other 
than 
Euroclear 
Bank 
SA/NV 
and 
Clearstream 
Banking 
S.A. and the relevant 
identification number(s): 
[Not 
Applicable/(give 
name(s) 
and 
number(s))/Verdipapirsentralen, 
Norway. 
VPS 
identification number: [•]. The Issuer shall be entitled to 
obtain certain information from the register maintained by 
the VPS for the purposes of performing its obligations under 
the issue of VPS Notes] 
 
(vi) 
Delivery: 
Delivery [against/free of] payment 
 
(vii) 
Names and addresses of 
additional 
Paying 
Agent(s) (if any): 
[•][Not Applicable]

--- Page 118 ---
103 
 
(viii) 
Intended to be held in a 
manner which would 
allow 
Eurosystem 
eligibility: 
[Yes. Note that the designation "yes" simply means that the 
Notes are intended upon issue to be deposited with one of 
the ICSDs as common safekeeper and does not necessarily 
mean that the Notes will be recognised as eligible collateral 
for Eurosystem monetary policy and intra-day credit 
operations by the Eurosystem either upon issue or at any or 
all times during their life. Such recognition will depend 
upon the ECB being satisfied that the Eurosystem eligibility 
criteria have been met.] 
 
 
[No. Whilst the designation is specified as "no" at the date 
of this Pricing Supplement, should the Eurosystem 
eligibility criteria be amended in the future such that the 
Notes are capable of meeting them the Notes may then be 
deposited with one of the ICSDs as common safekeeper. 
Note that this does not necessarily mean that the Notes will 
then be recognised as eligible collateral for Eurosystem 
monetary policy and intra-day credit operations by the 
Eurosystem at any time during their life. Such recognition 
will depend upon the ECB being satisfied that the 
Eurosystem eligibility criteria have been met.]] 
 
 
(If "yes" is specified above, Bearer Notes must be issued in 
NGN form) 
6. 
DISTRIBUTION: 
 
(i) 
If syndicated, names of 
Managers: 
[Not Applicable/give names] 
 
(ii) 
Date 
of 
Subscription 
Agreement: 
[•][Not Applicable] 
 
(iii) 
Stabilisation Manager(s) 
(if any): 
[Not Applicable/give name(s)] 
 
(iv) 
If non-syndicated, name 
of relevant Dealer: 
[Not Applicable/give name] 
 
(v) 
U.S. 
Selling 
Restrictions: 
[TEFRA D/TEFRA C/TEFRA not applicable] 
 
 
(N.B. VPS Notes must be issued in compliance with TEFRA 
C) 
 
(vi) 
Singapore 
Sales 
to 
Institutional 
Investors 
and Accredited Investors 
only: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable]

--- Page 119 ---
104 
TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THE NOTES 
The following (save for paragraphs in italics, which are for information purposes only and do not form 
part of the Terms and Conditions) are the Terms and Conditions of the Notes which will be incorporated 
by reference into each global Note and each definitive Note, in the latter case only if permitted by the 
relevant stock exchange or other relevant authority (if any) and agreed by the Issuer and the relevant 
Dealer at the time of issue but, if not so permitted and agreed, such definitive Note will have endorsed 
thereon or attached thereto such Terms and Conditions. The following Terms and Conditions are also 
applicable to VPS Notes. VPS Notes will not be evidenced by any physical note or document of title other 
than statements of account made by the VPS. Ownership of VPS Notes will be recorded and transfer effected 
only through the book-entry system and register maintained by the VPS. Part A of the applicable Pricing 
Supplement in relation to any Tranche of Exempt Notes may specify other terms and conditions which shall, 
to the extent so specified or to the extent inconsistent with the following Terms and Conditions, replace or 
modify the following Terms and Conditions for the purpose of such Notes. The applicable Final Terms or, 
as the case may be, the applicable Pricing Supplement (or the relevant provisions thereof) will be endorsed 
upon, or attached to, each global Note and definitive Note. 
This Note is one of a Series (as defined below) of Notes issued by DNB Bank ASA (the "Issuer") pursuant 
to the Agency Agreement (as defined below). 
References herein to the "Notes" shall be references to the Notes of this Series and shall mean: 
(i) 
in relation to any Notes represented by a global Note, units of each Specified Denomination in the 
Specified Currency; 
(ii) 
(in the case of Bearer Notes) definitive Bearer Notes issued in exchange (or part exchange) for a 
global Note; 
(iii) 
(in the case of Registered Notes) definitive Registered Notes; 
(iv) 
any global Note; and 
(v) 
Notes cleared through the Norwegian Central Securities Depository, the Verdipapirsentralen 
("VPS Notes" and the "VPS", respectively). 
References herein to "Exempt Notes" shall be references to Notes for which no prospectus is required to 
be published under Regulation (EU) 2017/1129, as amended. 
The Notes and the Coupons (as defined below) have the benefit of an Agency Agreement (such Agency 
Agreement as amended, supplemented or restated from time to time, the "Agency Agreement") dated 14 
February 2024, and made between the Issuer, Citibank, N.A., London Branch as issuing and principal 
paying agent, agent bank and paying agent (the "Agent", which expression shall include any successor 
agent, and together with any additional paying agents, the "Paying Agents" and each a "Paying Agent", 
which expressions shall include any successor paying agents), Citibank Europe plc as registrar (the 
"Registrar", which expression shall include any successor registrar) and Citibank, N.A., London Branch 
as transfer agent (together with any additional transfer agents the "Transfer Agents" and each a "Transfer 
Agent" which expressions shall include any successor transfer agent). Each Tranche of VPS Notes will be 
created and held in uncertificated book-entry form in accounts with the VPS. DNB Bank ASA, 
Verdipapirservice (the "VPS Account Manager") will act as agent of the Issuer in respect of all dealings 
with the VPS in respect of VPS Notes. 
Definitive Bearer Notes have interest coupons ("Coupons") and talons for further Coupons ("Talons") 
attached on issue. Any reference herein to Coupons or coupons shall, unless the context otherwise requires, 
be deemed to include a reference to Talons or talons. 
The final terms of this Note (or the relevant provisions thereof) are set out in, (i) in the case of Notes other 
than Exempt Notes, Part A of a final terms document (the "Final Terms") relating to the Notes which 
completes these Terms and Conditions, or (ii) in the case of Exempt Notes, a pricing supplement (the 
"Pricing Supplement") which replaces or modifies these Terms and Conditions and may specify other 
terms and conditions which shall, to the extent so specified or to the extent inconsistent with the Conditions, 
replace or modify these Terms and Conditions for the purposes of this Exempt Note. References to the 
"applicable Final Terms" are to Part A of the Final Terms (or the relevant provisions thereof) which are

--- Page 120 ---
105 
(except in the case of VPS Notes) attached to or endorsed on this Note. Any reference in these Terms and 
Conditions to the "applicable Final Terms" shall be deemed to include a reference to the applicable Pricing 
Supplement where relevant. 
Any reference to "Noteholders" or "holders" in relation to any Notes shall mean (in the case of Bearer 
Notes) the holders of the Notes and (in the case of Registered Notes) the persons in whose name the Notes 
are registered and shall, in relation to any Notes represented by a global Note, be construed as provided 
below. Any reference herein to "Couponholders" shall mean the holders of the Coupons and shall, unless 
the context otherwise requires, include the holders of the Talons. VPS Notes are in dematerialised form; 
any references in these Terms and Conditions to Coupons and Talons shall not apply to VPS Notes and no 
global or definitive Notes will be issued in respect thereof. These Terms and Conditions shall be construed 
accordingly. 
As used herein, "Tranche" means Notes which are identical in all respects (including as to listing) and 
"Series" means a Tranche of Notes together with any further Tranche or Tranches of Notes which are (i) 
expressed to be consolidated and form a single series and (ii) identical in all respects (including as to listing) 
except for their respective Issue Dates, Interest Commencement Dates and/or Issue Prices (in each case, as 
such terms are specified in the applicable Final Terms). 
The Noteholders are entitled to the benefit of the deed of covenant (as amended, supplemented or restated 
from time to time, the "Deed of Covenant") dated 14 February 2024 and made by the Issuer. The original 
of the Deed of Covenant is held by the common depositary for Euroclear (as defined below) and 
Clearstream, Luxembourg (as defined below). 
Copies of the Agency Agreement and the Deed of Covenant are obtainable during normal business hours 
by prior appointment at the specified office of each of the Paying Agents, the Registrar and the Transfer 
Agents or shall be provided by email to a Noteholder following such Noteholder's prior written request and 
provision of proof of holding and identity (in a form satisfactory to the relevant Paying Agent, the Registrar 
or the relevant Transfer Agent, as the case may be). Copies of the applicable Final Terms may be obtained, 
upon request, free of charge, from the registered office of the Issuer and the specified offices of the Paying 
Agents or shall be provided by email to a Noteholder following such Noteholder's prior written request and 
provision of proof of holding and identity (in a form satisfactory to the relevant Paying Agent) save that, if 
this Note is an Exempt Note, the applicable Pricing Supplement will only be obtainable by a Noteholder 
holding one or more Notes and such Noteholder must produce evidence satisfactory to the Issuer and/or the 
Paying Agent as to its holding of such Notes and identity. If this Note is admitted to trading on the Irish 
Stock Exchange plc trading as Euronext Dublin's ("Euronext Dublin") regulated market, the applicable 
Final Terms will also be published on the website of Euronext Dublin at https://live.euronext.com/. The 
Noteholders and the Couponholders are deemed to have notice of, and are entitled to the benefit of, all the 
provisions of the Agency Agreement, the Deed of Covenant and the applicable Final Terms which are 
applicable to them. The statements in these Terms and Conditions include summaries of, and are subject 
to, the detailed provisions of the Agency Agreement. 
Words and expressions defined in the Agency Agreement or used in the applicable Final Terms shall have 
the same meanings where used in these Terms and Conditions unless the context otherwise requires or 
unless otherwise stated and provided that, in the event of inconsistency between the Agency Agreement 
and the applicable Final Terms, the applicable Final Terms will prevail. 
The "Calculation Amount" in respect of the Notes will be specified in the applicable Final Terms, 
provided that if the Outstanding Principal Amount of a Note is amended (either by a Write Down in 
accordance with Condition 6 or a Discretionary Reinstatement in accordance with Condition 7 or as 
otherwise required by then-current legislation and/or regulations applicable to the Issuer and/or the Group), 
the Calculation Amount shall mean the amount determined in accordance with Condition 6 or, as the case 
may be, Condition 7 on a pro rata basis to account for such Write Down, Discretionary Reinstatement 
and/or other such amendment otherwise required, as the case may be, and which is notified by the Issuer to 
the Agent and, in the case of VPS Notes, the VPS Account Manager and, in accordance with Condition 17, 
to the Noteholders with the details of such adjustment.  
"Original Principal Amount" means, in respect of a Note, its principal amount on the Issue Date not taking 
into account any Write Down or any other write-down, conversion or cancellation or any subsequent 
Discretionary Reinstatement.

--- Page 121 ---
106 
"Outstanding Principal Amount" means, in relation to each Note, the Original Principal Amount of such 
Note, as reduced from time to time by any Write Down(s) or any other write-down, conversion or 
cancellation, as the case may be, and, if applicable, as subsequently increased from time to time by any 
Discretionary Reinstatement in accordance with these Conditions. 
1. 
Form, Denomination and Title 
The Notes are in bearer form ("Bearer Notes"), registered form ("Registered Notes") or, in the 
case of VPS Notes, uncertificated book-entry form, as specified in the applicable Final Terms and, 
in the case of definitive Notes, serially numbered, in the Specified Currency and the Specified 
Denomination(s). Save as provided in Condition 14, Notes of one Specified Denomination may 
not be exchanged for Notes of another Specified Denomination. 
The Outstanding Principal Amount of this Note may be adjusted as provided in Condition 6 and 
Condition 7 or as otherwise required by then current legislation and/or regulations applicable to 
the Issuer. 
Bearer Notes may not be exchanged for Registered Notes and vice versa. VPS Notes may not be 
exchanged for Bearer Notes or Registered Notes and vice versa. 
This Note is a Fixed Rate Note, a Floating Rate Note, a Reset Note or a combination of any of the 
foregoing, depending upon the Interest Basis shown in the applicable Final Terms. 
Definitive Bearer Notes are issued with Coupons attached. 
Subject as set out below, title to the Bearer Notes and Coupons will pass by delivery and title to 
the Registered Notes will pass upon registration of transfers in accordance with the provisions of 
the Agency Agreement. The Issuer, the Replacement Agent (as defined in the Agency Agreement), 
the Registrar, any Transfer Agent and any Paying Agent may deem and treat the bearer of any 
Bearer Note or Coupon and the registered holder of any Registered Note as the absolute owner 
thereof (whether or not overdue and notwithstanding any notice of ownership or writing thereon 
or notice of any previous loss or theft thereof) for all purposes and shall not be liable for so doing 
but, in the case of any global Note, without prejudice to the provisions set out in the next succeeding 
paragraph, and the expressions "Noteholder" and "holder of Notes" and related expressions shall 
be construed accordingly. The holder of a VPS Note will be the person evidenced as such by a 
book entry in the records of the VPS. Title to the VPS Notes will pass by registration in the registers 
between the direct or indirect accountholders at the VPS in accordance with the rules and 
procedures of the VPS. Where a nominee is so evidenced, it shall be treated by the Issuer as the 
holder of the relevant VPS Note. 
For so long as any of the Notes is represented by a global Note held on behalf of Euroclear Bank 
SA/NV ("Euroclear") and/or Clearstream Banking S.A. ("Clearstream, Luxembourg") or for so 
long as the Note is a VPS Note, each person (other than Euroclear or Clearstream, Luxembourg or 
the VPS, as the case may be) who is for the time being shown in the records of Euroclear or 
Clearstream, Luxembourg or the VPS, as the case may be, as the holder of a particular nominal 
amount of such Notes (in which regard any certificate or other document issued by such clearing 
system as to the nominal amount of such Notes standing to the account of any person shall, save 
in the case of manifest error, be conclusive and binding for all purposes, including any form of 
statement or print out of electronic records provided by the relevant clearing system in accordance 
with its usual procedures and in which the holder of a particular nominal amount of such Notes is 
clearly identified together with the amount of such holding) shall be treated by the Issuer, the 
Agent, the Replacement Agent and any other Paying Agent as the holder of such nominal amount 
of such Notes for all purposes other than (in the case only of Notes not being VPS Notes) with 
respect to the payment of principal or interest on the Notes, for which purpose, in the case of Notes 
represented by a bearer global Note, the bearer of the relevant bearer global Note or, in the case of 
Notes represented by Registered Global Notes, the registered holder shall be treated by the Issuer, 
the Agent and any other Paying Agent as the holder of such Notes in accordance with and subject 
to the terms of the relevant global Note and the expressions "Noteholder" and "holder of Notes" 
and related expressions shall be construed accordingly.

--- Page 122 ---
107 
Notes which are represented by a global Note and VPS Notes will be transferable only in 
accordance with the rules and procedures for the time being of Euroclear and/or Clearstream, 
Luxembourg and/or the VPS, as the case may be. 
References to Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg and/or the VPS shall, whenever the 
context so permits, be deemed to include a reference to any additional or alternative clearing system 
approved by the Issuer and the Agent. 
2. 
Status of the Notes  
(a) 
Status of the Notes 
The Notes constitute undated, unsecured and subordinated obligations (NO: 
Fondsobligasjoner) of the Issuer and will at all times rank pari passu without any 
preference among themselves. The Notes are subordinated as described below in this 
Condition 2. The Notes do not have the benefit of a guarantee from any person and/or 
legal entity. 
(b) 
Ranking 
(i) 
Ranking as Qualifying Additional Tier 1 Obligations: It is the intention of the 
Issuer that the Notes will, upon issue, qualify as Additional Tier 1 Capital of the 
Issuer and the Group. Subject to mandatory provisions of Norwegian law 
(including the Applicable Banking Regulations), for so long as the Notes or any 
part thereof qualifies (or would but for any applicable limitation on the amount of 
such capital qualify) as Additional Tier 1 Capital of the Issuer and/or the Group, 
they will constitute Qualifying Additional Tier 1 Obligations and shall rank 
accordingly in the Priority of Claims set out in Condition 2(c) below.  
(ii) 
Ranking upon Disqualification from Qualifying Additional Tier 1 Obligations: 
Subject to mandatory provisions of Norwegian law (including the Applicable 
Banking Regulations), if, at any time, the Issuer or the Norwegian FSA 
determines that the Notes have ceased to be, or are not, Qualifying Additional 
Tier 1 Obligations, they shall upon such determination immediately and 
automatically (without any need for any further action on the part of the Issuer or 
the consent or approval of any Noteholder) become either Disqualified Additional 
Tier 1 Obligations or (if the whole or any part of the Notes then qualifies (or 
would but for any applicable limitation on the amount of such capital qualify) as 
Tier 2 Capital of the Issuer and/or the Group) Qualifying Tier 2 Obligations, and 
shall, with effect from that time, rank accordingly in the Priority of Claims set out 
in Condition 2(c) below. The Issuer shall promptly give notice to Noteholders in 
accordance with Condition 17 if the Notes become Disqualified Additional Tier 
1 Obligations or Qualifying Tier 2 Obligations, but any delay or failure in giving 
such notice shall not affect the change in status and ranking of the Notes from 
Qualifying Additional Tier 1 Obligations to Disqualified Additional Tier 1 
Obligations or, as the case may be, Qualifying Tier 2 Obligations. 
In such circumstances (and unless the Notes have re-qualified as Qualifying 
Additional Tier 1 Obligations as provided in Condition 2(b)(iii) below), subject 
to mandatory provisions of Norwegian law (including the Applicable Banking 
Regulations), the status of the Notes may, in addition, from time to time change 
from Qualifying Tier 2 Obligations to Disqualified Additional Tier 1 Obligations, 
or vice versa, and rank accordingly in the Priority of Claims set out in Condition 
2(c), without any further action on the part of the Issuer or the consent or approval 
of any Noteholder, if the Notes subsequently lose or gain (as applicable) the 
ability to qualify, in whole or in part, as Tier 2 Capital of the Issuer and/or the 
Group. The Issuer shall promptly give notice to Noteholders in accordance with 
Condition 17 if any such change in status shall occur, but any delay or failure in 
giving such notice shall not affect the change in status and ranking of the Notes.

--- Page 123 ---
108 
(iii) 
Ranking upon Re-qualification as Qualifying Additional Tier 1 Obligations: 
Subject to mandatory provisions of Norwegian law (including the Applicable 
Banking Regulations), if, at any time after the Notes have become Disqualified 
Additional Tier 1 Obligations or Qualifying Tier 2 Obligations, the Issuer or the 
Norwegian FSA determines that they re-qualify as Qualifying Additional Tier 1 
Obligations, then they shall upon such determination immediately and 
automatically (without any need for any further action on the part of the Issuer or 
the consent or approval of any Noteholder) constitute Qualifying Additional Tier 
1 Obligations and shall, with effect from that time, rank accordingly in the Priority 
of Claims set out in Condition 2(c) below. The Issuer shall promptly give notice 
to Noteholders in accordance with Condition 17 if the Notes re-qualify as 
Qualifying Additional Tier 1 Obligations, but any delay or failure in giving such 
notice shall not affect the change in status and ranking of the Notes from 
Disqualified Additional Tier 1 Obligations or Qualifying Tier 2 Obligations, as 
the case may be, to Qualifying Additional Tier 1 Obligations. 
(c) 
Priority of Claims 
Subject to mandatory provisions of Norwegian law (including the Applicable Banking 
Regulations), in the event of a liquidation, dissolution or winding-up of the Issuer by way 
of public administration (except, in any such case, an Excluded Winding-up), claims of 
the holders of the Notes (including claims for any amounts attributable to the Notes and 
any damages awarded for breach of any obligations thereunder) will rank pari passu 
without any preference among themselves and, subject to applicable law (and subject as 
provided in Condition 2(d) below with respect to Legacy Subordinated Obligations), as 
either Qualifying Additional Tier 1 Obligations, Qualifying Tier 2 Obligations or 
Disqualified Additional Tier 1 Obligations (as applicable) in accordance with the 
following priority of claims (the "Priority of Claims"): 
(i) 
Disqualified Tier 2 Obligations: claims in respect of Disqualified Tier 2 
Obligations shall rank: (A) pari passu with claims in respect of any other 
Disqualified Tier 2 Obligations; (B) junior to claims in respect of Non-Preferred 
Senior Obligations; and (C) in priority to claims in respect of Disqualified 
Additional Tier 1 Obligations; 
(ii) 
Disqualified Additional Tier 1 Obligations: claims in respect of Disqualified 
Additional Tier 1 Obligations shall rank: (A) pari passu with claims in respect of 
any other Disqualified Additional Tier 1 Obligations; (B) junior to claims in 
respect of Disqualified Tier 2 Obligations; and (C) in priority to claims in respect 
of Qualifying Tier 2 Obligations; 
(iii) 
Qualifying Tier 2 Obligations: claims in respect of Qualifying Tier 2 Obligations 
shall rank: (A) pari passu with claims in respect of any other Qualifying Tier 2 
Obligations; (B) junior to claims in respect of Disqualified Additional Tier 1 
Obligations; and (C) in priority to claims in respect of Qualifying Additional Tier 
1 Obligations; and 
(iv) 
Qualifying Additional Tier 1 Obligations: claims in respect of Qualifying 
Additional Tier 1 Obligations shall rank: (A) pari passu with claims in respect of 
any other Qualifying Additional Tier 1 Obligations; (B) junior to claims in respect 
of Qualifying Tier 2 Obligations; and (C) in priority to claims in respect of (1) all 
classes of share capital of the Issuer and (2) any other obligations of the Issuer 
which by their terms or operation of law rank junior to claims in respect of 
Qualifying Additional Tier 1 Obligations. 
Nothing in this Condition shall prevent the Issuer from having outstanding or creating 
obligations from time to time which, by their terms or operation of law, rank above or 
below (including in-between) any of the respective rankings of any of the obligations 
referenced in the above Priority of Claims.

--- Page 124 ---
109 
(d) 
Legacy Subordinated Obligations 
Subject to mandatory provisions of Norwegian law (including the Applicable Banking 
Regulations), if, in the event of a liquidation, dissolution or winding-up of the Issuer by 
way of public administration (except, in any such case, an Excluded Winding-up), there 
are outstanding any Legacy Subordinated Obligations the ranking of which, in the good 
faith determination of the Issuer, the Norwegian FSA or the relevant insolvency official 
of the Issuer (which determination shall, in the absence of manifest error, be binding on 
the Issuer and the holders of the Notes), cannot be reconciled with the Priority of Claims 
specified above, then, subject to applicable law: 
(i) 
the ranking of the Notes and all other subordinated obligations of the Issuer other 
than Legacy Subordinated Obligations shall be determined in accordance with the 
above Priority of Claims as if such Legacy Subordinated Obligations were not 
outstanding; and 
(ii) 
the ranking of the Legacy Subordinated Obligations shall be determined on the 
basis of the terms thereof and on the assumption (whether or not this is the case) 
that the Notes are Qualifying Additional Tier 1 Obligations at such time. 
(e) 
Solvency Condition 
No payment of principal, interest or any other amount in respect of the Notes shall become 
due and payable unless, and to the extent that, the Issuer is able to make such payment and 
still be solvent immediately thereafter, in each case except in the winding-up, dissolution 
or liquidation of the Issuer (the "Solvency Condition"). 
In these Terms and Conditions, the Issuer shall be considered to be "solvent" if (x) it is 
able to pay its debts to Senior Creditors as they fall due and (y) its Assets exceed its 
Liabilities. A report as to the solvency of the Issuer by two appropriately authorised 
signatories or, if the Issuer is in a winding-up, dissolution or liquidation, its liquidator or 
other insolvency official (as the case may be), shall, in the absence of manifest error, be 
treated and accepted by the Issuer and the Noteholders as correct and sufficient evidence 
thereof. 
(f) 
Mandatory provisions of Norwegian law 
If and to the extent that the foregoing is inconsistent with mandatory provisions of 
Norwegian law (including the Applicable Banking Regulations), such mandatory 
provisions shall apply and supersede these Terms and Conditions.  For the avoidance of 
doubt, such mandatory provisions shall include the provisions of the Norwegian Financial 
Institutions Act § 20-32 (as amended and/or supplemented from time to time). 
(g) 
Definitions 
In these Terms and Conditions, the following terms shall bear the following meanings: 
"Additional Tier 1 Capital" (NO: annen godkjent kjernekapital) has the meaning given 
in the Applicable Banking Regulations. 
"Applicable Banking Regulations" means, at any time, the laws, regulations, 
requirements, guidelines and policies relating to capital adequacy and prudential 
supervision then applicable to the Issuer and/or the Group, as the case may be, including, 
without limitation to the generality of the foregoing, the Financial Institutions Act, the 
Financial Institutions Regulation and the Capital Requirements Regulation and any other 
laws, regulations, requirements, guidelines and policies relating to capital adequacy and 
prudential supervision as then applied and interpreted in Norway by the Norwegian 
Ministry of Finance and/or Norwegian FSA (whether or not such requirements, guidelines 
or policies have the force of law and whether they are applied generally or specifically to 
the Issuer and/or the Group, as applicable).

--- Page 125 ---
110 
"Assets" means the unconsolidated gross assets of the Issuer as shown in its latest 
published audited balance sheet, but adjusted for subsequent events in such manner as the 
Directors of the Issuer may determine. 
"Capital Requirements Regulation" means Norwegian Regulation 22 August 2014 No. 
1097 on capital requirements and national adaption of CRR/CRD IV (NO: Forskrift om 
kapitalkrav og nasjonal tilpasning av CRR/CRD IV av 22. August 2014 nr. 1097), as 
amended or superseded from time to time. 
"Common Equity Tier 1 Capital" (NO: ren kjernekapital) has the meaning given in the 
Applicable Banking Regulations. 
"Disqualified Additional Tier 1 Obligations" means, at any time (for the purposes of 
this definition, the "relevant time"), any obligation of the Issuer (including any guarantee, 
indemnity or other contractual support arrangement given by the Issuer in respect of any 
obligation of any Subsidiary of the Issuer) where: (a) the whole or any part of such 
obligation upon issue qualified (or would but for any applicable limitation on the amount 
of such capital have qualified), or was intended by the Issuer to qualify, as Additional Tier 
1 Capital of the Issuer and/or the Group; and (b) no part of such obligation qualifies (or 
would but for any applicable limitation on the amount of such capital qualify) as 
Additional Tier 1 Capital or Tier 2 Capital of the Issuer and/or the Group at the relevant 
time. 
"Disqualified Tier 2 Obligations" means, at any time (for the purposes of this definition, 
the "relevant time"), any obligation of the Issuer (including any guarantee, indemnity or 
other contractual support arrangement given by the Issuer in respect of any obligation of 
any Subsidiary of the Issuer) where: (a) the whole or any part of such obligation upon 
issue qualified (or would but for any applicable limitation on the amount of such capital 
have qualified), or was intended by the Issuer to qualify, as Tier 2 Capital of the Issuer 
and/or the Group; and (b) no part of such obligation qualifies (or would but for any 
applicable limitation on the amount of such capital qualify) as Tier 2 Capital of the Issuer 
and/or the Group at the relevant time. 
"Excluded Winding-up" means a solvent liquidation, dissolution or winding-up of the 
Issuer solely for the purposes of a reorganisation, reconstruction or amalgamation of the 
Issuer, the terms of which reorganisation, reconstruction or amalgamation, as the case may 
be, have previously been approved by an Extraordinary Resolution (as defined in the 
Agency Agreement) of the Noteholders and do not provide that the Notes thereby become 
redeemable or repayable.  
"Financial Institutions Act" means the Norwegian Act on Financial Institutions and 
Financial Groups of 10 April 2015 No. 17 (Lov om finansforetak og finanskonsern av 10. 
april 2015 nr. 17), as amended or superseded from time to time. 
"Financial Institutions Regulation" means the Norwegian Regulation on Financial 
Institutions and Financial Groups of 9 December 2016 No. 1502 (Forskrift om 
finansforetak og finanskonsern av 9. desember 2016 nr. 1502), as amended or superseded 
from time to time.  
"Legacy Subordinated Obligations" means any subordinated obligations of the Issuer 
which qualify, or have qualified, in whole or in part, as Additional Tier 1 Capital or Tier 
2 Capital and which were issued prior to 12 May 2021. 
"Liabilities" means the unconsolidated gross liabilities of the Issuer as shown in its latest 
published audited balance sheet, but adjusted for contingent liabilities and for subsequent 
events in such manner as the Directors of the Issuer may determine. 
"Non-Preferred Senior Obligations" means obligations of the Issuer which form part of 
the class of obligations meeting the conditions set out in the Financial Institutions Act §20-
9 and the Financial Institutions Regulation §20-7 and thus having, in a winding-up of the 
Issuer, a lower priority ranking than ordinary unsecured obligations of the Issuer, and any

--- Page 126 ---
111 
other obligations which rank or are expressed by their terms to rank pari passu with 
obligations of such class. 
"Norwegian FSA" means the Financial Supervisory Authority of Norway (Finanstilsynet) 
or such other agency which assumes or performs the functions which, as at the Issue Date 
of the Notes, are performed by such authority or such other or successor authority 
exercising primary supervisory authority with respect to prudential and/or resolution 
matters in relation to the Issuer and/or the Group. 
"Qualifying Additional Tier 1 Obligations" means, at any time (for the purposes of this 
definition, the "relevant time"), any obligation of the Issuer (including any guarantee, 
indemnity or other contractual support arrangement given by the Issuer in respect of any 
obligation of any Subsidiary of the Issuer) where: (x) the whole or any part of such 
obligation qualifies (or would but for any applicable limitation on the amount of such 
capital qualify) as Additional Tier 1 Capital of the Issuer and/or the Group at the relevant 
time; and (y) no part of such obligation qualifies (or would but for any applicable 
limitation on the amount of such capital qualify) as Common Equity Tier 1 Capital of the 
Issuer and/or the Group at the relevant time. 
"Qualifying Tier 2 Obligations" means, at any time (for the purposes of this definition, 
the "relevant time"), any obligation of the Issuer (including any guarantee, indemnity or 
other contractual support arrangement given by the Issuer in respect of any obligation of 
any Subsidiary of the Issuer) where: (x) the whole or any part of such obligation qualifies 
(or would but for any applicable limitation on the amount of such capital qualify) as Tier 
2 Capital of the Issuer and/or the Group at the relevant time; and (y) no part of such 
obligation qualifies (or would but for any applicable limitation on the amount of such 
capital qualify) as Tier 1 Capital of the Issuer and/or the Group at the relevant time. 
"Senior Creditors" means, at any time, (x) depositors of the Issuer, (y) other 
unsubordinated creditors of the Issuer, including any creditors in respect of Non-Preferred 
Senior Obligations and (z) subordinated creditors of the Issuer in respect of any obligation 
the claims in respect of which would, if the Issuer were to be subject to a liquidation, 
dissolution or other winding-up at such time, rank in priority to the claims in respect of 
the Notes.  
"Subsidiary" has the meaning ascribed to it in Sections 1-3 of the Norwegian Public 
Limited Liability Companies Act 1997.  
"Tier 1 Capital" (NO: kjernekapital) has the meaning given in the Applicable Banking 
Regulations. 
"Tier 2 Capital" (NO: tilleggskapital) has the meaning given in the Applicable Banking 
Regulations. 
3. 
Interest 
(a) 
Interest on Fixed Rate Notes 
Each Fixed Rate Note bears interest on its Outstanding Principal Amount from (and 
including) the Interest Commencement Date at the rate(s) per annum equal to the Rate(s) 
of Interest. Subject to Condition 2(e), Condition 5 and Condition 6, interest will be payable 
in arrear on the Interest Payment Date(s) in each year. 
If the Notes are in definitive form, except as provided in the applicable Final Terms, and 
subject to Condition 2(e), Condition 5 and Condition 6, the amount of interest payable on 
each Interest Payment Date in respect of the Fixed Interest Period ending on (but 
excluding) such date will amount to the Fixed Coupon Amount. Payments of interest on 
any Interest Payment Date will, if so specified in the applicable Final Terms, and subject 
to Condition 2(e), Condition 5 and Condition 6, amount to the Broken Amount(s) so 
specified.

--- Page 127 ---
112 
As used in these Terms and Conditions, "Fixed Interest Period" means the period from 
(and including) an Interest Payment Date (or the Interest Commencement Date) to (but 
excluding) the next (or first) Interest Payment Date. 
Except in the case of Notes in definitive form where a Fixed Coupon Amount or Broken 
Amount is specified in the applicable Final Terms, interest shall be calculated in respect 
of any period by applying the Rate of Interest to: 
(i) 
in the case of Fixed Rate Notes which are represented by a global Note, the 
aggregate Outstanding Principal Amount of the Fixed Rate Notes represented by 
such global Note; or 
(ii) 
in the case of Fixed Rate Notes in definitive form, the Calculation Amount, 
and, in each case, multiplying such sum by the applicable Day Count Fraction, and 
rounding the resultant figure to the nearest sub-unit of the relevant Specified Currency, 
half of any such sub-unit being rounded upwards or otherwise in accordance with 
applicable market convention. The amount of interest payable (subject as aforesaid) in 
respect of a Fixed Rate Note in definitive form shall be the amount so determined per 
Calculation Amount multiplied by a fraction the numerator of which is the Outstanding 
Principal Amount of such Note and the denominator of which is the Calculation Amount. 
In these Terms and Conditions, the following terms shall bear the following meanings: 
"Day Count Fraction" means, in respect of the calculation of an amount of interest in 
accordance with this Condition 3(a) or Condition 3(c) below: 
(i) 
if "Actual/Actual (ICMA)" is specified in the applicable Final Terms: 
(A) 
in the case of Notes where the number of days in the relevant period from 
(and including) the most recent Interest Payment Date (or, if none, the 
Interest Commencement Date) to (but excluding) the relevant payment 
date (the "Accrual Period") is equal to or shorter than the Determination 
Period during which the Accrual Period ends, the number of days in such 
Accrual Period divided by the product of (1) the number of days in such 
Determination Period and (2) the number of Determination Dates (as 
specified in the applicable Final Terms) that would occur in one calendar 
year; or 
(B) 
in the case of Notes where the Accrual Period is longer than the 
Determination Period during which the Accrual Period ends, the sum of: 
(1) 
the number of days in such Accrual Period falling in the 
Determination Period in which the Accrual Period begins 
divided by the product of (x) the number of days in such 
Determination Period and (y) the number of Determination 
Dates (as specified in the applicable Final Terms) that would 
occur in one calendar year; and 
(2) 
the number of days in such Accrual Period falling in the next 
Determination Period divided by the product of (x) the number 
of days in such Determination Period and (y) the number of 
Determination Dates that would occur in one calendar year; and 
(ii) 
if "30/360" is specified in the applicable Final Terms, the number of days in the 
period from (and including) the most recent Interest Payment Date (or, if none, 
the Interest Commencement Date) to (but excluding) the relevant payment date 
(such number of days being calculated on the basis of a year of 360 days with 12 
30-day months) divided by 360; 
"Determination Period" means the period from (and including) a Determination Date to 
(but excluding) the next Determination Date (including, where either the Interest

--- Page 128 ---
113 
Commencement Date or the final Interest Payment Date is not a Determination Date, the 
period commencing on the first Determination Date prior to, and ending on the first 
Determination Date falling after, such date); 
"euro" refers to the currency introduced at the start of the third stage of European 
economic and monetary union pursuant to the Treaty on the Functioning of the European 
Union, as amended; 
"Rate of Interest" means (i) in the case of Notes other than Reset Notes, the rate or rates 
(expressed as a percentage per annum) of interest payable in respect of the Notes specified 
in the applicable Final Terms, or calculated or determined in accordance with the 
provisions of these Terms and Conditions; and (ii) in the case of Reset Notes, the Initial 
Rate of Interest, the First Reset Rate of Interest or the relevant Subsequent Reset Rate of 
Interest, as applicable; and 
"sub-unit" means, with respect to any currency other than euro, the lowest amount of such 
currency that is available as legal tender in the country of such currency and, with respect 
to euro, means one cent. 
If, pursuant to Condition 6 or Condition 7 or as otherwise required by then current 
legislation and/or regulations applicable to the Issuer, the Outstanding Principal Amount 
(or, in the case of Fixed Rate Notes in definitive form, the Calculation Amount) of the 
Notes is reduced and/or reinstated during a Fixed Interest Period, the amount of interest 
will be adjusted by the Issuer to reflect interest having accrued on the relevant Outstanding 
Principal Amount (or, in the case of Fixed Rate Notes in definitive form, the Calculation 
Amount) during each part of such Fixed Interest Period. 
(b) 
Interest on Floating Rate Notes 
(i) 
Interest Payment Dates 
Each Floating Rate Note bears interest on its Outstanding Principal Amount from 
(and including) the Interest Commencement Date and such interest will, subject 
to Condition 2(e), Condition 5 and Condition 6, be payable in arrear on either: 
(A) 
the Specified Interest Payment Date(s) in each year specified in the 
applicable Final Terms; or 
(B) 
if no Specified Interest Payment Date(s) is/are specified in the applicable 
Final Terms, each date (each such date, together with each Specified 
Interest Payment Date, an "Interest Payment Date") which falls the 
number of months or other period specified as the Specified Period in the 
applicable Final Terms after the preceding Interest Payment Date or, in 
the case of the first Interest Payment Date, after the Interest 
Commencement Date. 
Such interest will, subject to Condition 2(e), Condition 5 and Condition 6, be 
payable in respect of each "Interest Period" (which expression shall, in these 
Terms and Conditions, mean the period from (and including) an Interest Payment 
Date (or the Interest Commencement Date) to (but excluding) the next (or first) 
Interest Payment Date) (or, if applicable, such earlier date, if any, on which the 
relevant payment of interest falls due). 
If a Business Day Convention is specified in the applicable Final Terms and (x) 
if there is no numerically corresponding day in the calendar month in which an 
Interest Payment Date should, subject to Condition 2(e), Condition 5 and 
Condition 6, occur or (y) if any Interest Payment Date would, subject to Condition 
2(e), Condition 5 and Condition 6, otherwise fall on a day which is not a Business 
Day, then, if the Business Day Convention specified is: 
(1) 
in any case where Specified Periods are specified in accordance 
with 
Condition 
3(b)(i)(B) 
above, 
the 
"Floating 
Rate

--- Page 129 ---
114 
Convention", such Interest Payment Date (i) in the case of (x) 
above, shall be the last day that is a Business Day in the relevant 
month and the provisions of (B) below shall apply mutatis 
mutandis or (ii) in the case of (y) above, shall be postponed to 
the next day which is a Business Day unless it would thereby fall 
into the next calendar month, in which event (A) such Interest 
Payment Date shall be brought forward to the immediately 
preceding Business Day and (B) each subsequent Interest 
Payment Date shall be the last Business Day in the month which 
falls in the Specified Period after the preceding applicable 
Interest Payment Date occurred; or 
(2) 
the "Following Business Day Convention", such Interest 
Payment Date shall be postponed to the next day which is a 
Business Day; or 
(3) 
the "Modified Following Business Day Convention", such 
Interest Payment Date shall be postponed to the next day which 
is a Business Day unless it would thereby fall into the next 
calendar month, in which event such Interest Payment Date shall 
be brought forward to the immediately preceding Business Day; 
or 
(4) 
the "Preceding Business Day Convention", such Interest 
Payment Date shall be brought forward to the immediately 
preceding Business Day; or 
(5) 
the "Modified Preceding Business Day Convention", such 
Interest Payment Date shall be brought forward to the 
immediately preceding Business Day unless it would thereby 
fall into the previous calendar month, in which event such 
Interest Payment Date shall be postponed to the next day which 
is a Business Day. 
In these Terms and Conditions, "Business Day" means a day which is: 
(C) 
a day on which commercial banks and foreign exchange markets settle 
payments and are open for general business (including dealing in foreign 
exchange and foreign currency deposits) in any Additional Business 
Centre (other than T2) specified in the applicable Final Terms; 
(D) 
if T2 is specified as an Additional Business Centre in the applicable Final 
Terms, a day on which the Trans-European Automated Real-Time Gross 
Settlement Express Transfer System, or any successor or replacement for 
that system ("T2") is open; and 
(E) 
either (1) in relation to any sum payable in a Specified Currency other 
than euro, a day on which commercial banks and foreign exchange 
markets settle payments and are open for general business (including 
dealing in foreign exchange and foreign currency deposits) in the 
principal financial centre of the country of the relevant Specified 
Currency (which, if the Specified Currency is Australian dollars or New 
Zealand dollars, shall be Sydney and Auckland, respectively) or (2) in 
relation to any sum payable in euro, a day on which T2 is open. 
(ii) 
Rate of Interest 
The Rate of Interest applicable from time to time in respect of Floating Rate Notes 
will be determined in the manner specified in the applicable Final Terms.

--- Page 130 ---
115 
(A) 
Floating Rate Notes other than Floating Rate Notes which specify the 
Reference Rate as SONIA or SOFR 
Where "Term Rate" is specified to be "Applicable" in the applicable 
Final Terms as the manner in which the Rate of Interest is to be 
determined, the Rate of Interest for each Interest Period will, subject as 
provided below and to Condition 3(d), be either: 
(x) 
the offered quotation; or 
(y) 
the arithmetic mean (rounded if necessary to the fifth decimal 
place, with 0.000005 being rounded upwards) of the offered 
quotations, 
(expressed as a percentage rate per annum) for the Reference Rate 
being the Reference Rate specified in the applicable Final Terms, 
provided that in the case of Notes other than Exempt Notes, the 
Reference Rate in respect of Floating Rate Notes shall be EURIBOR, 
STIBOR, NIBOR, CIBOR, TIBOR, HIBOR, SIBOR or PRIBOR, as 
specified in the applicable Final Terms, and which appears or appear, 
as the case may be, on the Relevant Screen Page as at the Specified 
Time on the Interest Determination Date in question plus or minus (as 
indicated in the applicable Final Terms) the Margin (if any), all as 
determined by the Agent or, in the case of VPS Notes, the Calculation 
Agent. If five or more of such offered quotations are available on the 
Relevant Screen Page, the highest (or, if there is more than one such 
highest quotation, one only of such quotations) and the lowest (or, if 
there is more than one such lowest quotation, one only of such 
quotations) shall be disregarded by the Agent (or, as the case may be, 
the Calculation Agent) for the purpose of determining the arithmetic 
mean (rounded as provided above) of such offered quotations. 
If the Relevant Screen Page is not available or if, in the case of 
Condition 3(b)(ii)(A)(x) above, no such offered quotation appears or, 
in the case of Condition 3(b)(ii)(A)(y) above, fewer than three such 
offered quotations appear, in each case at the time specified in the 
preceding paragraph, the Issuer shall request each of the Reference 
Banks to provide the Issuer with its offered quotation (expressed as a 
percentage rate per annum) for the Reference Rate at approximately 
the Specified Time on the Interest Determination Date in question. If 
two or more of the Reference Banks provide the Issuer with such 
offered quotations, the Rate of Interest for such Interest Period shall be 
the arithmetic mean (rounded if necessary to the fifth decimal place 
with 0.000005 being rounded upwards) of such offered quotations plus 
or minus (as appropriate) the Margin (if any), all as determined by the 
Agent or, in the case of VPS Notes, the Calculation Agent. "Reference 
Banks" means (i) in the case of a determination of EURIBOR, the 
principal Euro-zone office of four major banks in the Euro-zone inter-
bank market, or (ii) in the case of a determination of any other 
Reference Rate, the principal Relevant Financial Centre office of four 
major banks in the inter-bank market of the Relevant Financial Centre, 
in each case selected by the Issuer. 
If on any Interest Determination Date one only or none of the 
Reference Banks provides the Issuer with such offered quotations as 
provided in the preceding paragraph, the Rate of Interest for the 
relevant Interest Period shall be the rate per annum which the Agent or, 
in the case of VPS Notes, the Calculation Agent determines as being 
the arithmetic mean (rounded if necessary to the fifth decimal place, 
with 0.000005 being rounded upwards) of the rates, as communicated 
to the Issuer by the Reference Banks or any two or more of them, at

--- Page 131 ---
116 
which such banks were offered, at approximately the Specified Time 
on the relevant Interest Determination Date, deposits in the Specified 
Currency for a period equal to that which would have been used for the 
Reference Rate by leading banks in the Euro-zone inter-bank market 
(if the Reference Rate is EURIBOR) or the inter-bank market of the 
Relevant Financial Centre (if any other Reference Rate is used) plus or 
minus (as appropriate) the Margin (if any) or, if fewer than two of the 
Reference Banks provide the Issuer with such offered rates, the offered 
rate for deposits in the Specified Currency for a period equal to that 
which would have been used for the Reference Rate, or the arithmetic 
mean (rounded as provided above) of the offered rates for deposits in 
the Specified Currency for a period equal to that which would have 
been used for the Reference Rate, at which, at approximately the 
Specified Time on the relevant Interest Determination Date, any one or 
more banks (which bank or banks is or are in the opinion of the Issuer 
suitable for such purpose) informs the Issuer it is quoting to leading 
banks in the Euro-zone inter-bank market (if the Reference Rate is 
EURIBOR) or the inter-bank market of the Relevant Financial Centre 
(if any other Reference Rate is used) plus or minus (as appropriate) the 
Margin (if any), provided that, if the Rate of Interest cannot be 
determined in accordance with the foregoing provisions of this 
paragraph, the Rate of Interest shall be determined as at the last 
preceding Interest Determination Date (though substituting, where a 
different Margin is to be applied to the relevant Interest Period from 
that which applied to the last preceding Interest Period, the Margin 
relating to the relevant Interest Period, in place of the Margin relating 
to that last preceding Interest Period). 
In these Terms and Conditions, the following terms shall bear the 
following meanings: 
"CIBOR" means the Copenhagen interbank offered rate; 
"EURIBOR" means, in respect of any specified currency and any 
specified period, the interest rate benchmark known as the Euro-zone 
interbank offered rate which is calculated and published by a 
designated distributor in accordance with the requirements from time 
to time of the European Money Markets Institute (or any person which 
takes over administration of that rate); 
"HIBOR" means the Hong Kong interbank offered rate; 
"NIBOR" means the Oslo interbank offered rate; 
"PRIBOR" means the Prague interbank offered rate; 
"Reference Rate" for the purpose of this Condition 3(b)(ii)(A) means: 
EURIBOR, STIBOR, NIBOR, CIBOR, TIBOR, HIBOR, SIBOR or 
PRIBOR, in each case as specified in the applicable Final Terms; 
"Relevant Financial Centre" has the meaning specified in the 
applicable Final Terms; 
"SIBOR" means the Singapore interbank offered rate; 
"Specified Time" has the meaning given to it in the applicable Final 
Terms; 
"STIBOR" means the Stockholm interbank offered rate; and 
"TIBOR" means the Tokyo interbank offered rate.

--- Page 132 ---
117 
(B) 
Floating Rate Notes referencing SONIA and not using Index 
Determination 
Where, in the applicable Final Terms: 
(i) 
"Overnight Rate" is specified to be "Applicable"; 
(ii)  
"SONIA" is specified as the "Reference Rate"; and 
(iii) 
"Index Determination" is specified to be "Not 
Applicable", 
the Rate of Interest for each Interest Period will, subject as 
provided below and to Condition 3(d), be Compounded Daily 
SONIA with respect to such Interest Period plus or minus (as 
specified in the applicable Final Terms) the Margin (if any), all 
as determined by the Agent or, in the case of VPS Notes or 
where the applicable Final Terms specifies a Calculation Agent, 
the Calculation Agent. 
For the purposes of this Condition 3(b)(ii)(B): 
"Compounded Daily SONIA", with respect to an Interest 
Period, will be calculated by the Agent or, in the case of VPS 
Notes or where the applicable Final Terms specifies a 
Calculation Agent, the Calculation Agent, on the relevant 
Interest Determination Date in accordance with the following 
formula, and the resulting percentage will be rounded, if 
necessary, to the fourth decimal place, with 0.00005 being 
rounded upwards: 
[∏(1 + 𝑆𝑂𝑁𝐼𝐴𝑖 ×  𝑛𝑖
D
) −1
𝑑𝑜
𝑖=1
] × D
𝑑 
where: 
"d" means the number of calendar days in: 
(1) 
where "Lag" is specified as the Observation Method in 
the applicable Final Terms, the relevant Interest Period; 
or 
(2) 
where "Observation Shift" is specified as the 
Observation Method in the applicable Final Terms, the 
relevant Observation Period; 
"D" is the number specified as such in the applicable Final 
Terms (or, if no such number is specified, 365); 
"do" means the number of London Banking Days in: 
(1) 
where "Lag" is specified as the Observation Method in 
the applicable Final Terms, the relevant Interest Period; 
or 
(2) 
where "Observation Shift" is specified as the 
Observation Method in the applicable Final Terms, the 
relevant Observation Period;

--- Page 133 ---
118 
"i" means a series of whole numbers from one to "do", each 
representing the relevant London Banking Day in chronological 
order from, and including, the first London Banking Day in: 
(1) 
where "Lag" is specified as the Observation Method in 
the applicable Final Terms, the relevant Interest Period; 
or 
(2) 
where "Observation Shift" is specified as the 
Observation Method in the applicable Final Terms, the 
relevant Observation Period; 
"London Banking Day" means any day on which commercial 
banks are open for general business (including dealing in foreign 
exchange and foreign currency deposits) in London; 
"ni" for any London Banking Day "i", is the number of calendar 
days from, and including, such London Banking Day "i" up to, 
but excluding, the following London Banking Day; 
"Observation Period" means, in respect of an Interest Period, 
the period from, and including, the date falling "p" London 
Banking Days prior to the first day of such Interest Period and 
ending on, but excluding, the date which is "p" London Banking 
Days prior to the Interest Payment Date for such Interest Period 
(or the date falling "p" London Banking Days prior to such 
earlier date, if any, on which the relevant payment of interest 
falls due); 
"p" means: 
(1) 
where "Lag" is specified as the Observation Method in 
the applicable Final Terms, the number of London 
Banking Days specified as the "Lag Period" in the 
applicable Final Terms (or, if no such number is so 
specified, five London Banking Days); or 
(2) 
where "Observation Shift" is specified as the 
Observation Method in the applicable Final Terms, the 
number of London Banking Days specified as the 
"Observation Shift Period" in the applicable Final 
Terms (or, if no such number is specified, five London 
Banking Days); 
"SONIA Reference Rate" means, in respect of any London 
Banking Day, a reference rate equal to the daily Sterling 
Overnight Index Average ("SONIA") rate for such London 
Banking Day as provided by the administrator of SONIA to 
authorised distributors and as then published on the Relevant 
Screen Page (or if the Relevant Screen Page is unavailable, as 
otherwise is published by such authorised distributors) on the 
London Banking Day immediately following such London 
Banking Day; and 
"SONIAi" means, in respect of any London Banking Day "i", 
the SONIA Reference Rate for: 
(1) 
where "Lag" is specified as the Observation Method in 
the applicable Final Terms, the London Banking Day 
falling "p" London Banking Days prior to the relevant 
London Banking Day "i"; or

--- Page 134 ---
119 
(2) 
where "Observation Shift" is specified as the 
Observation Method in the applicable Final Terms, the 
relevant London Banking Day "i". 
If the Floating Rate Notes become due and payable otherwise 
than on an Interest Payment Date, the final Interest 
Determination Date shall, notwithstanding any Interest 
Determination Date specified in the applicable Final Terms, be 
deemed to be the date on which such Floating Rate Notes 
became due and payable and the Rate of Interest on such 
Floating Rate Notes shall, for so long as any such Floating Rate 
Note remains outstanding, be that determined on such date and 
as if (solely for the purpose of such interest determination) the 
relevant Interest Period had been shortened accordingly. 
For the avoidance of doubt, the formula for the calculation of 
Compounded Daily SONIA only compounds the SONIA 
Reference Rate in respect of any London Banking Day. The 
SONIA Reference Rate applied to a day that is a non-London 
Banking Day will be taken by applying the SONIA Reference 
Rate for the previous London Banking Day but without 
compounding. 
Fallback provisions 
If (subject to Condition 3(d)–), in respect of any London 
Banking Day on which an applicable SONIA reference rate is 
required to be determined, the Agent or, in the case of VPS 
Notes or where the applicable Final Terms specifies a 
Calculation Agent, the Calculation Agent determines that the 
SONIA Reference Rate is not available on the Relevant Screen 
Page or has not otherwise been published by the relevant 
authorised distributors, such SONIA Reference Rate shall be: 
(1) 
the sum of (A) the Bank of England's Bank Rate (the 
"Bank Rate") prevailing at close of business on the 
relevant London Banking Day; plus (B) the mean of the 
spread of the SONIA Reference Rate to the Bank Rate 
over the previous five London Banking Days on which 
a SONIA Reference Rate has been published, 
excluding the highest spread (or, if there is more than 
one highest spread, one only of those highest spreads) 
and lowest spread (or, if there is more than one lowest 
spread, one only of those lowest spreads) to the Bank 
Rate; or 
(2) 
if the Bank Rate is not published by the Bank of 
England at close of business on the relevant London 
Banking Day, either (A) the SONIA Reference Rate 
published on the Relevant Screen Page (or otherwise 
published by the relevant authorised distributors) for 
the first preceding London Banking Day on which the 
SONIA Reference Rate was published on the Relevant 
Screen Page (or otherwise published by the relevant 
authorised distributors) or (B) if this is more recent, the 
latest SONIA Reference Rate determined under (1) 
above, 
in each case as determined by the Agent or, in the case of VPS 
Notes or where the applicable Final Terms specifies a 
Calculation Agent, the Calculation Agent and, in each case,

--- Page 135 ---
120 
references to "SONIA Reference Rate" in this Condition 
3(b)(ii)(B) shall be construed accordingly. 
If the Rate of Interest cannot be determined in accordance with 
the foregoing provisions of this Condition 3(b)(ii)(B), the Rate 
of Interest shall (subject to Condition 3(d)) be (A) that 
determined as at the last preceding Interest Determination Date 
(though substituting, where a different Margin is to be applied 
to the relevant Interest Period from that which applied to the last 
preceding Interest Period, the Margin relating to the relevant 
Interest Period, in place of the Margin relating to that last 
preceding Interest Period) or (B) if there is no such preceding 
Interest Determination Date, the Initial Rate of Interest which 
would have been applicable to the Notes for the first Interest 
Period had the Notes been in issue for a period equal in duration 
to the scheduled first Interest Period but ending on (and 
excluding) the Interest Commencement Date (but applying the 
Margin (if any) applicable to the first Interest Period), in each 
case as determined by the Agent or, in the case of VPS Notes or 
where the applicable Final Terms specifies a Calculation Agent, 
the Calculation Agent. 
(C) 
Floating Rate Notes referencing SONIA and using Index Determination 
Where, in the applicable Final Terms: 
(i) 
"Overnight Rate" is specified to be "Applicable"; 
(ii)  
"SONIA" is specified as the "Reference Rate"; and 
(iii) 
"Index Determination" is specified to be "Applicable", 
the Rate of Interest for each Interest Period will, subject as 
provided below and to Condition 3(d)–, be the Compounded 
Daily SONIA Rate for such Interest Period plus or minus (as 
specified in the applicable Final Terms) the Margin (if any), all 
as determined by the Agent or, in the case of VPS Notes or in 
the case of VPS Notes or where the applicable Final Terms 
specifies a Calculation Agent, the Calculation Agent. 
For the purposes of this Condition 3(b)(ii)(C): 
"Compounded Daily SONIA Rate" means, with respect to an 
Interest Period, the rate of return of a daily compound interest 
investment (with the daily Sterling overnight reference rate as 
reference rate for the calculation of interest) (expressed as a 
percentage and rounded if necessary to the fifth decimal place, 
with 0.000005 being rounded upwards) determined by the Agent 
or, in the case of VPS Notes or where the applicable Final Terms 
specifies a Calculation Agent, the Calculation Agent by 
reference to the screen rate or index for compounded daily 
SONIA rates administered by the administrator of the SONIA 
reference rate that is published or displayed by such 
administrator or other information service from time to time on 
the relevant Interest Determination Date, as further specified in 
the Final Terms (the "SONIA Compounded Index") and in 
accordance with the following formula:

--- Page 136 ---
121 
Compounded Daily SONIA Rate = 
 
where: 
"d" is the number of calendar days from (and including) the day 
in relation to which SONIA Compounded Index start is 
determined to (but excluding) the day in relation to which 
SONIA Compounded Index end is determined; 
"London Banking Day" means any day on which commercial 
banks are open for general business (including dealing in foreign 
exchange and foreign currency deposits) in London; 
"Relevant Number" is the number specified as such in the 
applicable Final Terms (or, if no such number is specified, five); 
"SONIA Compounded Index start" means, with respect to an 
Interest Period, the SONIA Compounded Index determined in 
relation to the day falling the Relevant Number of London 
Banking Days prior to the first day of such Interest Period; and 
"SONIA Compounded Index end" means, with respect to an 
Interest Period, the SONIA Compounded Index determined in 
relation to the day falling the Relevant Number of London 
Banking Days prior to (A) the Interest Payment Date for such 
Interest Period, or (B) such other date on which the relevant 
payment of interest falls due (but which by its definition or the 
operation of the relevant provisions is excluded from such 
Interest Period). 
If the Floating Rate Notes become due and payable otherwise 
than on an Interest Payment Date, the final Interest 
Determination Date shall, notwithstanding any Interest 
Determination Date specified in the applicable Final Terms, be 
deemed to be the date on which such Floating Rate Notes 
became due and payable and the Rate of Interest on such 
Floating Rate Notes shall, for so long as any such Floating Rate 
Note remains outstanding, be that determined on such date and 
as if (solely for the purpose of such interest determination) the 
relevant Interest Period had been shortened accordingly. 
Fallback provisions 
If, subject to Condition 3(d), the relevant SONIA Compounded 
Index is not published or displayed by the administrator of the 
SONIA reference rate or other information service by 5.00 p.m. 
(London time) (or, if later, by the time falling one hour after the 
customary or scheduled time for publication thereof in 
accordance with the then-prevailing operational procedures of 
the administrator of the SONIA reference rate or of such other 
information service, as the case may be) on the relevant Interest 
Determination Date, the Compounded Daily SONIA Rate for 
the applicable Interest Period for which the SONIA 
Compounded Index is not available shall be "Compounded 
Daily SONIA" determined in accordance with Condition 
3(b)(ii)(B) above as if "Index Determination" were specified in 
the applicable Final Terms, as being "Not Applicable", and for 
these purposes: (i) the "Observation Method" shall be deemed to 
d 
x 
SONIA Compounded Index start 
SONIA Compounded Index end 
      
    
365
1   
 
 



−

--- Page 137 ---
122 
be "Observation Shift" and (ii) the "Observation Shift Period" 
shall be deemed to be equal to the Relevant Number of London 
Banking Days, as if those alternative elections had been made in 
the applicable Final Terms. 
(D) 
Floating Rate Notes referencing SOFR and not using Index 
Determination 
Where, in the applicable Final Terms: 
(i) 
"Overnight Rate" is specified to be "Applicable"; 
(ii)  
"SOFR" is specified as the "Reference Rate"; and 
(iii) 
"Index Determination" is specified to be "Not 
Applicable", 
the Rate of Interest for each Interest Period will, subject as 
provided below and to Condition 3(e), be Compounded Daily 
SOFR for such Interest Period plus or minus (as specified in the 
applicable Final Terms) the Margin (if any), all as determined 
by the Agent or, in the case of VPS Notes or where the 
applicable Final Terms specifies a Calculation Agent, the 
Calculation Agent. 
"Compounded Daily SOFR" means, with respect to any 
Interest Period, the rate of return of a daily compound interest 
investment (with the daily U.S. dollar secured overnight 
financing rate as reference rate for the calculation of interest) as 
calculated by the Agent or, in the case of VPS Notes or where 
the applicable Final Terms specifies a Calculation Agent, the 
Calculation Agent as at the relevant Interest Determination Date 
in accordance with the following formula (and the resulting 
percentage will be rounded, if necessary, to the nearest one 
hundred-thousandth of a percentage point, with 0.000005 being 
rounded upwards to 0.00001): 
 
where: 
"d" is the number of calendar days in: 
(1) 
where "Lag" or "Lock-out" is specified as the 
Observation Method in the applicable Final Terms, 
the relevant Interest Period; or 
(2) 
where "Observation Shift" is specified as the 
Observation Method in the applicable Final Terms, 
the relevant Observation Period; 
"D" is the number specified as such in the applicable Final 
Terms (or, if no such number is specified, 360); 
"do" means the number of U.S. Government Securities Business 
Day in: 
[n
do ( 
SOFR, X n,) ] D 
1 + 
- 1 x -
D 
d 
i = 1

--- Page 138 ---
123 
(1) 
where "Lag" or "Lock-out" is specified as the 
Observation Method in the applicable Final Terms, 
the relevant Interest Period; or 
(2) 
where "Observation Shift" is specified as the 
Observation Method in the applicable Final Terms, 
the relevant Observation Period; 
"i" is a series of whole numbers from one to "do", each 
representing the relevant U.S. Government Securities Business 
Day in chronological order from, and including, the first U.S. 
Government Securities Business Day in: 
(1) 
where "Lag" or "Lock-out" is specified as the 
Observation Method in the applicable Final Terms, 
the relevant Interest Period; or 
(2) 
where "Observation Shift" is specified as the 
Observation Method in the applicable Final Terms, 
the relevant Observation Period; 
"Lock-out Period" means the period from (and including) the 
day following the Interest Determination Date to (but excluding) 
the corresponding Interest Payment Date (or other date, if any, 
on which the relevant payment of interest falls due); 
"ni" for any U.S. Government Securities Business Day "i", is the 
number of calendar days from, and including, such U.S. 
Government Securities Business Day "i" to, but excluding, the 
following U.S. Government Securities Business Day; 
"Observation Period" in respect of each Interest Period means 
the period from, and including, the date falling "p" U.S. 
Government Securities Business Days preceding the first date in 
such Interest Period to, but excluding, the date falling "p" U.S. 
Government Securities Business Days preceding the Interest 
Payment Date for such Interest Period (or the date falling "p" 
U.S. Government Securities Business Days prior to such earlier 
date, if any, on which the relevant payment of interest falls due); 
"p" means: 
(1) 
where "Lag" is specified as the Observation Method 
in the applicable Final Terms, the number of U.S. 
Government Securities Business Days specified as 
the "Lag Period" in the applicable Final Terms (or, if 
no such number is so specified, five U.S. Government 
Securities Business Days); 
(2) 
where "Lock-out" is specified as the Observation 
Method in the applicable Final Terms, zero U.S. 
Government Securities Business Days; or 
(3) 
where "Observation Shift" is specified as the 
Observation Method in the applicable Final Terms, 
the number of U.S. Government Securities Business 
Days specified as the "Observation Shift Period" in 
the applicable Final Terms (or, if no such number is 
specified, five U.S. Government Securities Business 
Days);

--- Page 139 ---
124 
"Reference Day" means each U.S. Government Securities 
Business Day in the relevant Interest Period, other than any U.S. 
Government Securities Business Day in the Lock-out Period; 
"SOFR" with respect to any U.S. Government Securities 
Business Day, means: 
(1) 
the Secured Overnight Financing Rate published for 
such U.S. Government Securities Business Day as 
such rate appears on the SOFR Administrator's 
Website at 3:00 p.m. (New York time) on the 
immediately following U.S. Government Securities 
Business Day (the "SOFR Determination Time"); 
or 
(2) 
if the rate specified above does not so appear, the 
Secured Overnight Financing Rate as published in 
respect of the first preceding U.S. Government 
Securities Business Day for which the Secured 
Overnight Financing Rate was published on the 
SOFR Administrator's Website; 
"SOFR Administrator" means the Federal Reserve Bank of 
New York (or a successor administrator of the Secured 
Overnight Financing Rate); 
"SOFR Administrator's Website" means the website of the 
SOFR Administrator, or any successor source; 
"SOFRi" means the SOFR for: 
(1) 
where "Lag" is specified as the Observation Method 
in the applicable Final Terms, the U.S. Government 
Securities Business Day falling "p" U.S. Government 
Securities Business Days prior to the relevant U.S. 
Government Securities Business Day "i"; 
(2) 
where "Lock-out" is specified as the Observation 
Method in the applicable Final Terms: 
(I) 
in respect of each U.S. Government 
Securities Business Day "i" that is a 
Reference Day, the SOFR in respect of the 
U.S. Government Securities Business Day 
immediately preceding such Reference Day; 
or 
(II) 
in respect of each U.S. Government 
Securities Business Day "i" that is not a 
Reference Day (being a U.S. Government 
Securities Business Day in the Lock-out 
Period), the SOFR in respect of the U.S. 
Government 
Securities 
Business 
Day 
immediately preceding the last Reference 
Day of the relevant Interest Period (such last 
Reference Day coinciding with the Interest 
Determination Date); or 
(3) 
where "Observation Shift" is specified as the 
Observation Method in the applicable Final Terms, 
the relevant U.S. Government Securities Business 
Day "i"; and

--- Page 140 ---
125 
"U.S. Government Securities Business Day" means any day 
except for a Saturday, a Sunday or a day on which the Securities 
Industry and Financial Markets Association recommends that 
the fixed income departments of its members be closed for the 
entire day for purposes of trading in U.S. government securities. 
If the Rate of Interest cannot be determined in accordance with 
the foregoing provisions of this Condition 3(b)(ii)(D), the Rate 
of Interest shall (subject to Condition 3(e)) be (A) that 
determined as at the last preceding Interest Determination Date 
(though substituting, where a different Margin is to be applied 
to the relevant Interest Period from that which applied to the last 
preceding Interest Period, the Margin relating to the relevant 
Interest Period, in place of the Margin relating to that last 
preceding Interest Period) or (B) if there is no such preceding 
Interest Determination Date, the Initial Rate of Interest which 
would have been applicable to the Notes for the first Interest 
Period had the Notes been in issue for a period equal in duration 
to the scheduled first Interest Period but ending on (and 
excluding) the Interest Commencement Date (but applying the 
Margin (if any) applicable to the first Interest Period), in each 
case as determined by the Agent or, in the case of VPS Notes or 
where the applicable Final Terms specifies a Calculation Agent, 
the calculation Agent. 
If the Floating Rate Notes become due and payable otherwise 
than on an Interest Payment Date, the final Interest 
Determination Date shall, notwithstanding any Interest 
Determination Date specified in the applicable Final Terms, be 
deemed to be the date on which such Floating Rate Notes 
became due and payable and the Rate of Interest on such 
Floating Rate Notes shall, for so long as any such Floating Rate 
Note remains outstanding, be that determined on such date and 
as if (solely for the purpose of such interest determination) the 
relevant Interest Period had been shortened accordingly. 
(E) 
Floating Rate Notes referencing SOFR and using Index Determination 
Where, in the applicable Final Terms: 
(i) 
"Overnight Rate" is specified to be "Applicable"; 
(ii)  
"SOFR" is specified as the "Reference Rate"; and 
(iii) 
"Index Determination" is specified to be "Applicable", 
the Rate of Interest for each Interest Period will, subject as 
provided below and subject to Condition 3(e), be the 
Compounded SOFR for such Interest Period plus or minus (as 
specified in the applicable Final Terms) the Margin (if any), all 
as determined by the Agent or, in the case of VPS Notes or 
where the applicable Final Terms specifies a Calculation Agent, 
the Calculation Agent. 
For the purposes of this Condition 3(b)(ii)(E): 
"Compounded SOFR" means, with respect to an Interest Period, 
the rate (expressed as a percentage and rounded if necessary to 
the fifth decimal place, with 0.000005 being rounded upwards) 
determined in accordance with the following formula by the

--- Page 141 ---
126 
Agent or, in the case of VPS Notes or where the applicable Final 
Terms specifies a Calculation Agent, the Calculation Agent: 
 
where: 
"dc" is the number of calendar days from (and including) the day 
in relation to which SOFR Index start is determined to (but 
excluding) the day in relation to which SOFR Index end is 
determined; 
"Relevant Number" is the number specified as such in the 
applicable Final Terms (or, if no such number is specified, five); 
"SOFR" means the daily secured overnight financing rate as 
provided by the SOFR Administrator on the SOFR 
Administrator's Website; 
"SOFR Administrator" means the Federal Reserve Bank of 
New York (or a successor administrator of SOFR); 
"SOFR Administrator's Website" means the website of the 
SOFR Administrator, or any successor source; 
"SOFR Index", with respect to any U.S. Government Securities 
Business Day, means the SOFR index value as published by the 
SOFR Administrator as such index appears on the SOFR 
Administrator's Website at or around 3.00 p.m. (New York time) 
on such U.S. Government Securities Business Day (the "SOFR 
Determination Time"); 
"SOFR Index start", with respect to an Interest Period, is the 
SOFR Index value for the day which is the Relevant Number of 
U.S. Government Securities Business Days preceding the first 
day of such Interest Period; 
"SOFR Index end", with respect to an Interest Period, is the 
SOFR Index value for the day which is the Relevant Number of 
U.S. Government Securities Business Days preceding (A) the 
Interest Payment Date for such Interest Period, or (B) such other 
date on which the relevant payment of interest falls due (but 
which by its definition or the operation of the relevant provisions 
is excluded from such Interest Period); and 
"U.S. Government Securities Business Day" means any day 
except for a Saturday, Sunday or a day on which the Securities 
Industry and Financial Markets Association recommends that 
the fixed income departments of its members be closed for the 
entire day for purposes of trading in U.S. government securities. 
If the Floating Rate Notes become due and payable otherwise 
than on an Interest Payment Date, the final Interest 
Determination Date shall, notwithstanding any Interest 
Determination Date specified in the applicable Final Terms, be 
deemed to be the date on which such Floating Rate Notes 
became due and payable and the Rate of Interest on such 
Floating Rate Notes shall, for so long as any such Floating Rate 
Note remains outstanding, be that determined on such date and 
dc 
x 
Index start 
SOFR
Index end 
SOFR
      
    
360
1  
 




−

--- Page 142 ---
127 
as if (solely for the purpose of such interest determination) the 
relevant Interest Period had been shortened accordingly. 
Fallback provisions 
If, subject to Condition 3(e), as at any relevant SOFR 
Determination Time, the relevant SOFR Index is not published 
or displayed on the SOFR Administrator's Website by the SOFR 
Administrator, the Compounded SOFR for the applicable 
Interest Period for which the relevant SOFR Index is not 
available shall be deemed to be the "Compounded Daily SOFR" 
for such Interest Period determined in accordance with 
Condition 3(b)(ii)(D) above as if "Index Determination" were 
specified in the applicable Final Terms as being "Not 
Applicable", and for these purposes: (i) the "Observation 
Method" shall be deemed to be "Observation Shift" and (ii) the 
"Observation Shift Period" shall be deemed to be equal to the 
Relevant Number of U.S. Government Securities Business Days, 
as if such alternative elections had been made in the applicable 
Final Terms. 
(iii) 
Minimum Rate of Interest and/or Maximum Rate of Interest 
If the applicable Final Terms specifies a Minimum Rate of Interest for any Interest 
Period, then, in the event that the Rate of Interest in respect of such Interest Period 
determined in accordance with the provisions of Condition 3(b)(ii) above is less 
than such Minimum Rate of Interest, the Rate of Interest for such Interest Period 
shall be such Minimum Rate of Interest. 
If the applicable Final Terms specifies a Maximum Rate of Interest for any 
Interest Period, then, in the event that the Rate of Interest in respect of such 
Interest Period determined in accordance with the provisions of Condition 3(b)(ii) 
above is greater than such Maximum Rate of Interest, the Rate of Interest for such 
Interest Period shall be such Maximum Rate of Interest. 
(iv) 
Determination of Rate of Interest and Calculation of Interest Amounts 
The Agent, in the case of Floating Rate Notes other than VPS Notes, and the 
Calculation Agent, in the case of Floating Rate Notes which are VPS Notes, will 
at or as soon as practicable after each time at which the Rate of Interest is to be 
determined, determine the Rate of Interest for the relevant Interest Period. 
The Agent or, in the case of Floating Rate Notes which are VPS Notes, the 
Calculation Agent, will calculate the amount of interest (the "Interest Amount") 
that is, subject to Condition 2(e), Condition 5 and Condition 6, payable on the 
Floating Rate Notes, in each case for the relevant Interest Period, by applying the 
Rate of Interest to: 
(A) 
in the case of Floating Rate Notes which are represented by a global Note, 
the aggregate Outstanding Nominal Amount of the Notes represented by 
such global Note; or 
(B) 
in the case of Floating Rate Notes in definitive form, the Calculation 
Amount; 
and, in each case, multiplying such sum by the applicable Day Count Fraction, 
and rounding the resultant figure to the nearest sub-unit of the relevant Specified 
Currency, half of any such sub-unit being rounded upwards or otherwise in 
accordance with applicable market convention. The amount of interest payable 
(subject as aforesaid) in respect of a Floating Rate Note in definitive form shall 
be the amount so determined per Calculation Amount multiplied by a fraction the

--- Page 143 ---
128 
numerator of which is the Outstanding Principal Amount of such Note and the 
denominator of which is the Calculation Amount. 
"Day Count Fraction" means, in respect of the calculation of an amount of 
interest in accordance with this Condition 3(b): 
(i) 
if "Actual/Actual (ISDA)" or "Actual/Actual" is specified in the 
applicable Final Terms, the actual number of days in the Interest Period 
divided by 365 (or, if any portion of that Interest Period falls in a leap 
year, the sum of (A) the actual number of days in that portion of the 
Interest Period falling in a leap year divided by 366 and (B) the actual 
number of days in that portion of the Interest Period falling in a non-leap 
year divided by 365); 
(ii) 
if "Actual/365 (Fixed)" is specified in the applicable Final Terms, the 
actual number of days in the Interest Period divided by 365; 
(iii) 
if "Actual/365 (Sterling)" is specified in the applicable Final Terms, the 
actual number of days in the Interest Period divided by 365 or, in the case 
of an Interest Payment Date falling in a leap year, 366; 
(iv) 
if "Actual/360" is specified in the applicable Final Terms, the actual 
number of days in the Interest Period divided by 360; 
(v) 
if "30/360", "360/360" or "Bond Basis" is specified in the applicable 
Final Terms, the number of days in the Interest Period divided by 360, 
calculated on a formula basis as follows: 
Day Count Fraction = 
[360 × (Y2−Y1)] +[30 ×(M2−M1)] +(D2−D1)
360
 
where: 
"Y1" is the year, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the 
Interest Period falls; 
"Y2" is the year, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately 
following the last day of the Interest Period falls; 
"M1" is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the first day 
of the Interest Period falls; 
"M2" is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the day 
immediately following the last day of the Interest Period falls; 
"D1" is the first calendar day, expressed as a number, of the Interest 
Period, unless such number is 31, in which case D1 will be 30; and 
"D2" is the calendar day, expressed as a number, immediately following 
the last day included in the Interest Period, unless such number would be 
31 and D1 is greater than 29, in which case D2 will be 30; 
(vi) 
if "30E/360" or "Eurobond Basis" is specified in the applicable Final 
Terms, the number of days in the Interest Period divided by 360, 
calculated on a formula basis as follows: 
Day Count Fraction = 
[360 × (Y2−Y1)] +[30 ×(M2−M1)] +(D2−D1)
360
 
where: 
"Y1" is the year, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the 
Interest Period falls;

--- Page 144 ---
129 
"Y2" is the year, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately 
following the last day of the Interest Period falls; 
"M1" is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the first day 
of the Interest Period falls; 
"M2" is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the day 
immediately following the last day of the Interest Period falls; 
"D1" is the first calendar day, expressed as a number, of the Interest 
Period, unless such number would be 31, in which case D1 will be 30; 
and 
"D2" is the calendar day, expressed as a number, immediately following 
the last day included in the Interest Period, unless such number would be 
31, in which case D2 will be 30; and 
(vii) 
if "30E/360 (ISDA)" is specified in the applicable Final Terms, the 
number of days in the Interest Period divided by 360, calculated on a 
formula basis as follows: 
Day Count Fraction = 
[360 × (Y2−Y1)] +[30 ×(M2−M1)] +(D2−D1)
360
 
where: 
"Y1" is the year, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the 
Interest Period falls: 
"Y2" is the year, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately 
following the last day of the Interest Period falls; 
"M1" is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the first day 
of the Interest Period falls; 
"M2" is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the day 
immediately following the last day of the Interest Period falls; 
"D1" is the first calendar day, expressed as a number, of the Interest 
Period, unless (i) that day is the last day of February or (ii) such number 
would be 31, in which case D1 will be 30; and 
"D2" is the calendar day, expressed as a number, immediately following 
the last day included in the Interest Period, unless (i) that day is the last 
day of February or (ii) such number would be 31, in which case D2 will 
be 30. 
If, pursuant to Condition 6 or Condition 7 or as otherwise required by then current 
legislation and/or regulations applicable to the Issuer, the Outstanding Principal 
Amount (or, in the case of Floating Rate Notes in definitive form, the Calculation 
Amount) of the Notes is reduced and/or reinstated during an Interest Period, the 
amount of interest will be adjusted by the Issuer to reflect interest having accrued 
on the relevant Outstanding Principal Amount (or, in the case of Floating Rate 
Notes in definitive form, the Calculation Amount) during each part of such 
Interest Period. 
(v) 
Linear Interpolation 
Where Linear Interpolation is specified as applicable in respect of an Interest 
Period in the applicable Final Terms, the Rate of Interest for such Interest Period 
shall be calculated by the Agent or, in the case of VPS Notes, the Calculation 
Agent, by straight line linear interpolation by reference to two rates based on the 
relevant Reference Rate, one of which shall be determined as if the Designated

--- Page 145 ---
130 
Maturity were the period of time for which rates are available next shorter than 
the length of the relevant Interest Period and the other of which shall be 
determined as if the Designated Maturity were the period of time for which rates 
are available next longer than the length of the relevant Interest Period provided, 
however, that if there is no rate available for a period of time next shorter or, as 
the case may be, next longer, then the Agent or, as the case may be, the 
Calculation Agent shall determine such rate at such time and by reference to such 
sources as it determines appropriate. 
"Designated Maturity" means the period of time designated in the Reference 
Rate. 
(vi) 
Notification of Rate of Interest and Interest Amounts 
Except where the applicable Final Terms specifies "Overnight Rate" to be 
"Applicable", the Agent or, in the case of VPS Notes, the Calculation Agent, will, 
without prejudice to Condition 2(e), Condition 5 and Condition 6, cause the Rate 
of Interest and each Interest Amount for each Interest Period and the relevant 
Interest Payment Date to be notified to the Issuer and any stock exchange on 
which the relevant Floating Rate Notes are for the time being listed and, in the 
case of VPS Notes, the VPS and the VPS Account Manager and notice thereof to 
be published in accordance with Condition 17 as soon as possible after their 
determination but in no event later than the fourth London Business Day (as 
defined below) thereafter. 
Each Interest Amount and Interest Payment Date so notified may subsequently 
be amended (or appropriate alternative arrangements made by way of adjustment) 
without prior notice in the event of an extension or shortening of the Interest 
Period or as a result of the operation of Condition 2(e), Condition 5 and/or 
Condition 6. Any such amendment will be promptly notified to each stock 
exchange on which the relevant Floating Rate Notes are for the time being listed 
and to the Noteholders in accordance with Condition 17. For the purposes of this 
Condition 3(b), the expression "London Business Day" means a day (other than 
a Saturday or a Sunday) on which banks and foreign exchange markets are open 
for general business in London. 
Where the applicable Final Terms specifies "Overnight Rate" to be "Applicable", 
the Agent or, in the case of VPS Notes, the Calculation Agent will, without 
prejudice to Condition 2(e), Condition 5 and Condition 6, cause the Rate of 
Interest and each Interest Amount for each Interest Period and the relevant Interest 
Payment Date to be notified to the Issuer and any stock exchange on which the 
relevant Floating Rate Notes are for the time being listed and notice thereof to be 
published in accordance with Condition 17 as soon as possible after their 
determination but in no event later than the second Business Day thereafter. Each 
Rate of Interest, Interest Amount and Interest Payment Date so notified may 
subsequently be amended (or appropriate alternative arrangements made by way 
of adjustment) without prior notice in the event of an extension or shortening of 
the relevant Interest Period or as a result of the operation of Condition 2(e), 
Condition 5 and/or Condition 6. Any such amendment or alternative 
arrangements will promptly be notified to each stock exchange on which the 
relevant Floating Rate Notes are for the time being listed and to the Noteholders 
in accordance with Condition 17. 
(vii) 
Certificates to be Final 
All certificates, communications, opinions, determinations, calculations, 
quotations and decisions given, expressed, made or obtained for the purposes of 
the provisions of this Condition 3(b), whether by the Agent or, if applicable, the 
Calculation Agent, shall (in the absence of wilful default, bad faith or manifest 
error) be binding on the Issuer, the Agent, the Calculation Agent (if applicable), 
the other Paying Agents, the Registrar, the Transfer Agent and all Noteholders

--- Page 146 ---
131 
and Couponholders and (in the absence as aforesaid) no liability to the Issuer, the 
Noteholders or the Couponholders shall attach to the Agent or, if applicable, the 
Calculation Agent in connection with the exercise or non-exercise by it of its 
powers, duties and discretions pursuant to such provisions. 
(c) 
Interest on Reset Notes 
(i) 
Rate of Interest 
This Condition 3(c) is applicable to the Notes only if the Reset Note Provisions 
are specified in the applicable Final Terms as being applicable. Each Reset Note 
bears interest on its Outstanding Principal Amount: 
a) 
from (and including) the Interest Commencement Date to (but excluding) 
the First Reset Date (the "Initial Period"), at the Initial Rate of Interest; 
b) 
for the First Reset Period, at the First Reset Rate of Interest; and 
c) 
for each Subsequent Reset Period thereafter, at the relevant Subsequent 
Reset Rate of Interest. 
Subject to Condition 2(e), Condition 5 and Condition 6, interest will be payable, 
in each case, in arrear on the Interest Payment Date(s) in each year. 
If the Notes are in definitive form, except as provided in the applicable Final 
Terms, and subject to Condition 2(e), Condition 5 and Condition 6, the amount 
of interest payable on each Interest Payment Date in respect of each Interest 
Period falling in the Initial Period will amount to the Fixed Coupon Amount. 
Payments of interest on the first Interest Payment Date will, if so specified in the 
applicable Final Terms, and subject to Condition 2(e), Condition 5 and Condition 
6, amount to the Broken Amount(s) so specified. 
The Agent or, in the case of VPS Notes or if so specified in the applicable Final 
Terms, the Calculation Agent will at or as soon as practicable after each time at 
which a Rate of Interest in respect of a Reset Period is to be determined, determine 
the relevant Rate of Interest for such Reset Period. If the Notes are not VPS Notes 
and a Calculation Agent is specified in the applicable Final Terms, the Calculation 
Agent will notify the Agent of the Rate of Interest for the relevant Reset Period 
as soon as practicable after calculating the same. 
Except in the case of Notes in definitive form where a Fixed Coupon Amount or 
Broken Amount is specified in the applicable Final Terms, the Agent or, in the 
case of VPS Notes or if so specified in the applicable Final Terms, the Calculation 
Agent will calculate the amount of interest (the "Reset Notes Interest Amount") 
payable on the Reset Notes for the relevant Interest Period by applying the 
relevant Rate of Interest to: 
(A) 
in the case of Reset Notes which are represented by a global Note, the 
aggregate Outstanding Principal Amount of the Notes represented by 
such global Note; or 
(B) 
in the case of Reset Notes in definitive form, the Calculation Amount; 
and, in each case, multiplying such sum by the applicable Day Count Fraction, 
and rounding the resultant figure to the nearest sub-unit of the relevant Specified 
Currency, half of any such sub-unit being rounded upwards or otherwise in 
accordance with applicable market convention. The amount of interest payable 
(subject as aforesaid) in respect of a Reset Note in definitive form shall be the 
amount so determined per Calculation Amount multiplied by a fraction the 
numerator of which is the Outstanding Principal Amount of such Note and the 
denominator of which is the Calculation Amount.

--- Page 147 ---
132 
If, pursuant to Condition 6 or Condition 7 or as otherwise required by then current 
legislation and/or regulations applicable to the Issuer, the Outstanding Principal 
Amount (or, in the case of Reset Notes in definitive form, the Calculation 
Amount) of the Notes is reduced and/or reinstated during an Interest Period, the 
amount of interest will be adjusted by the Issuer to reflect interest having accrued 
on the relevant Outstanding Principal Amount (or, in the case of Reset Notes in 
definitive form, the Calculation Amount) during each part of such Interest Period. 
(ii) 
Fallbacks – Mid-Swap Rate 
This Condition 3(c)(ii) is only applicable if the Reset Reference Rate is specified 
as "Mid-Swap Rate" in the applicable Final Terms. If, on any Reset Determination 
Date, the Relevant Screen Page is not available or the Mid-Swap Rate does not 
appear on the Relevant Screen Page as at the Specified Time on such Reset 
Determination Date (other than in the circumstances provided for in Condition 
3(d) or Condition 3(e), as applicable), the Rate of Interest applicable to the Notes 
in respect of each Interest Period falling in the relevant Reset Period will be 
determined by the Agent, or in the case of VPS Notes or if so specified in the 
applicable Final Terms, the Calculation Agent on the following basis: 
(A) 
the Issuer, or in the case of VPS Notes or if so specified in the applicable 
Final Terms, the Calculation Agent shall request each of the Reset 
Reference Banks to provide the Issuer with its Mid-Market Swap Rate 
Quotation as at approximately the Specified Time on the Reset 
Determination Date in question; 
(B) 
if at least three of the Reset Reference Banks provide the Issuer with Mid-
Market Swap Rate Quotations, the First Reset Rate of Interest or the 
Subsequent Reset Rate of Interest (as applicable) for the relevant Reset 
Period will be equal to the sum (converted, if applicable, as set out in 
Condition 3(c)(v)) of (A) the arithmetic mean (rounded, if necessary, to 
the nearest 0.001 per cent. (0.0005 per cent. being rounded upwards)) of 
the relevant quotations provided, eliminating the highest quotation (or, 
in the event of equality, one of the highest) and the lowest (or, in the 
event of equality, one of the lowest) and (B) the Relevant Reset Margin, 
all as determined by the Agent, or in the case of VPS Notes or if so 
specified in the applicable Final Terms, the Calculation Agent; 
(C) 
if only two relevant quotations are provided, the First Reset Rate of 
Interest or the Subsequent Reset Rate of Interest (as applicable) for the 
relevant Reset Period will be equal to the sum (converted, if applicable, 
as set out in Condition 3(c)(v)) of (A) the arithmetic mean (rounded as 
aforesaid) of the relevant quotations provided and (B) the Relevant Reset 
Margin, all as determined by the Agent, or in the case of VPS Notes or if 
so specified in the applicable Final Terms, the Calculation Agent; 
(D) 
if only one relevant quotation is provided, the First Reset Rate of Interest 
or the Subsequent Reset Rate of Interest (as applicable) for the relevant 
Reset Period will be equal to the sum (converted, if applicable, as set out 
in Condition 3(c)(v)) of (A) the relevant quotation provided and (B) the 
Relevant Reset Margin, all as determined by the Agent, or in the case of 
VPS Notes or if so specified in the applicable Final Terms, the 
Calculation Agent; and 
(E) 
if none of the Reset Reference Banks provides the Issuer with a Mid-
Market Swap Rate Quotation as provided in the foregoing provisions of 
this Condition 3(c), the First Reset Rate of Interest or the Subsequent 
Reset Rate of Interest (as applicable) will be either: 
(1) 
if Prior Rate of Interest is so specified in the applicable Final 
Terms, equal to the sum (converted, if applicable, as set out in

--- Page 148 ---
133 
Condition 3(c)(v)) of (A) the Relevant Reset Margin and (B) 
either (1) the last Mid-Swap Rate displayed on the Relevant 
Screen Page prior to the Specified Time on the relevant Reset 
Determination Date or (2) if this is later, the Mid-Swap Rate 
determined on the last preceding Reset Determination Date or, 
in the case of the first Reset Determination Date the Initial Mid-
Swap Rate, all as determined by the Agent, or in the case of VPS 
Notes or if so specified in the applicable Final Terms, the 
Calculation Agent; or 
(2) 
if Calculation Agent Determination is so specified in the 
applicable Final Terms, determined by the Agent, or in the case 
of VPS Notes or if so specified in the applicable Final Terms, 
the Calculation Agent (where the Agent is not the Calculation 
Agent) taking into consideration all available information that it 
in good faith deems relevant. 
(iii) 
Fallbacks – Reference Bond Rate 
This Condition 3(c)(iii) is only applicable if the Reset Reference Rate is specified 
as "Reference Bond Rate" in the applicable Final Terms. If no Reference 
Government Bond Dealer Quotations are received in respect of the determination 
of the Reference Bond Price, the Rate of Interest shall not be determined by 
reference to the Reference Bond Rate and the Rate of Interest shall instead be, in 
the case of the First Reset Rate of Interest, the Initial Rate of Interest and, in the 
case of any Subsequent Reset Rate of Interest, the Rate of Interest as at the last 
preceding Reset Date (though substituting, where a different Relevant Reset 
Margin is to be applied to the relevant Reset Period from that which applied to 
the last preceding Reset Period, the Relevant Reset Margin relating to the relevant 
Reset Period, in place of the Relevant Reset Margin relating to that last preceding 
Reset Period). 
(iv) 
Fallbacks – CMT Rate 
This Condition 3(c)(iv) is only applicable if the Reset Reference Rate is specified 
as "CMT Rate" in the applicable Final Terms. If no Reset United States Treasury 
Securities Quotations are provided in respect of the determination of the Reset 
Reference Bank Rate, the Rate of Interest shall not be determined by reference to 
the Reset Reference Bank Rate and the Rate of Interest shall instead be, in the 
case of the First Reset Rate of Interest, the Initial Rate of Interest and, in the case 
of any Subsequent Reset Rate of Interest, the Rate of Interest as at the last 
preceding Reset Date (though substituting, where a different Relevant Reset 
Margin is to be applied to the relevant Reset Period from that which applied to 
the last preceding Reset Period, the Relevant Reset Margin relating to the relevant 
Reset Period, in place of the Relevant Reset Margin relating to that last preceding 
Reset Period). 
(v) 
Reset Reference Rate Conversion 
This Condition 3(c)(v) is only applicable if Reset Reference Rate Conversion is 
specified in the applicable Final Terms as being applicable. If Reset Reference 
Rate Conversion is so specified as being applicable, the First Reset Rate of 
Interest and each Subsequent Reset Rate of Interest will be converted in 
accordance with market convention by the Agent or, in the case of VPS Notes or 
if so specified in the applicable Final Terms, the Calculation Agent from the 
Original Reset Reference Rate Basis specified in the applicable Final Terms to a 
basis which matches the per annum frequency of scheduled Interest Payment 
Dates in respect of the Notes.

--- Page 149 ---
134 
(vi) 
Notification of Rate of Interest and Interest Amounts 
In respect of a Reset Period, the Agent, or in the case of VPS Notes or if so 
specified in the applicable Final Terms, the Calculation Agent, will, without 
prejudice to Condition 2(e), Condition 5 and Condition 6, cause the relevant Rate 
of Interest in respect of such Reset Period and each Reset Notes Interest Amount 
for each Interest Period falling in such Reset Period to be notified to the Issuer 
and any stock exchange on which the relevant Reset Notes are for the time being 
listed and, in the case of VPS Notes, the VPS and the VPS Account Manager and 
notice thereof to be published in accordance with Condition 17 as soon as possible 
after their determination but in no event later than the fourth London Business 
Day (as defined in Condition 3(b)(vi)) thereafter. Each Reset Notes Interest 
Amount so notified may subsequently be amended (or appropriate alternative 
arrangements made by way of adjustment) without prior notice in the event of an 
extension or shortening of the Interest Period or as a result of the operation of 
Condition 2(e), Condition 5 and/or Condition 6. Any such amendment will be 
promptly notified to each stock exchange on which the relevant Reset Notes are 
for the time being listed and to the Noteholders in accordance with Condition 17. 
(vii) 
Certificates to be final 
All certificates, communications, opinions, determinations, calculations, 
quotations and decisions given, expressed, made or obtained for the purposes of 
this Condition 3(c), whether by the Agent or, if applicable, the Calculation Agent 
shall (in the absence of wilful default, bad faith or manifest error) be binding on 
the Issuer, the Agent, the Calculation Agent (if applicable), the other Paying 
Agents, the Registrar, the Transfer Agent and all Noteholders and Couponholders 
and (in the absence as aforesaid) no liability to the Issuer, the Noteholders or the 
Couponholders shall attach to the Agent or, if applicable, the Calculation Agent 
in connection with the exercise or non-exercise by it of its powers, duties and 
discretions pursuant to such provisions. 
(viii) 
Definitions 
In this Condition 3(c), the following terms shall bear the following meanings: 
"CMT Rate" means, subject to Condition 3(c)(iv), in relation to a Reset Period 
and the Reset Determination Date in relation to such Reset Period, the rate which 
is equal to: 
(A) 
the yield for United States Treasury Securities at "constant maturity" for 
a designated maturity which is equal or comparable to the duration of the 
relevant Reset Period, as published in the H.15 under the caption 
"Treasury constant maturities (nominal)", as that yield is displayed on 
such Reset Determination Date, on the Relevant Screen Page; or 
(B) 
if the yield referred to in paragraph (A) above is not published by the 
CMT Reset Determination Time on the Relevant Screen Page on such 
Reset Determination Date, the yield for the United States Treasury 
Securities at "constant maturity" for a designated maturity which is equal 
or comparable to the duration of the relevant Reset Period as published 
in H.15 under the caption "Treasury constant maturities (nominal)" on 
such Reset Determination Date; or 
(C) 
if the yield referred to in paragraph (B) above is not published by the 
CMT Reset Determination Time on such Reset Determination Date, the 
Reset Reference Bank Rate on such Reset Determination Date, 
in each case, all as determined by the Agent or, in the case of VPS Notes or if so 
specified in the applicable Final Terms, the Calculation Agent.

--- Page 150 ---
135 
"CMT Reset Determination Time" means the time specified in the applicable 
Final Terms. 
"Day Count Fraction" has the meaning given in Condition 3(a). 
"First Reset Date" means the date specified in the applicable Final Terms. 
"First Reset Margin" means the margin specified in the applicable Final Terms. 
"First Reset Period" means the period from (and including) the First Reset Date 
to (but excluding) the Second Reset Date. 
"First Reset Rate of Interest" means, in respect of the First Reset Period and 
subject to Condition 3(c)(ii), Condition 3(c)(iii) or Condition 3(c)(iv), as 
applicable, the rate of interest determined by the Agent, or in the case of VPS 
Notes or if so specified in the applicable Final Terms, the Calculation Agent on 
the relevant Reset Determination Date as the sum (converted, if applicable, as set 
out in Condition 3(c)(v)) of the relevant Reset Reference Rate and the First Reset 
Margin. 
"H.15" means the daily statistical release designated as H.15, or any successor 
publication, published by the board of governors of the Federal Reserve System 
at http://www.federalreserve.gov/releases/H15 or such other page, section, 
successor site or publication as may replace it. 
"Initial Rate of Interest" means the rate specified as such in the applicable Final 
Terms. 
"Interest Period" has the meaning given in Condition 3(b). 
"Mid-Market Swap Rate" means, subject as provided in Condition 3(c), if 
applicable, for any Reset Period the arithmetic mean of the bid and offered rates 
for the fixed leg payable with a frequency equivalent to the Original Reset 
Reference Rate Basis (calculated on the day count basis customary for fixed rate 
payments in the Specified Currency as determined by the Issuer or appointed 
agent on its behalf, or in the case of VPS Notes or if so specified in the applicable 
Final Terms, the Calculation Agent (where the Agent is not the Calculation 
Agent)) of a fixed-for-floating interest rate swap transaction in the Specified 
Currency which transaction (i) has a term equal to the relevant Reset Period and 
commencing on the relevant Reset Date, (ii) is in an amount that is representative 
for a single transaction in the relevant market at the relevant time with an 
acknowledged dealer of good credit in the swap market and (iii) has a floating leg 
based on the Mid-Swap Floating Leg Benchmark Rate for the Mid-Swap Floating 
Leg Maturity (calculated on the day count basis customary for floating rate 
payments in the Specified Currency as determined by the Issuer or appointed 
agent on its behalf, or in the case of VPS Notes or if so specified in the applicable 
Final Terms, the Calculation Agent (where the Agent is not the Calculation 
Agent)). 
"Mid-Market Swap Rate Quotation" means a quotation (expressed as a 
percentage rate per annum) for the relevant Mid-Market Swap Rate. 
"Mid-Swap Floating Leg Benchmark Rate" (i) means the rate as specified in 
the applicable Final Terms or (ii) if no such rate is specified, EURIBOR (if the 
Specified Currency is euro), NIBOR (if the Specified Currency is Norwegian 
Kroner) or (in the case of any other Specified Currency) the benchmark rate most 
closely connected with such Specified Currency and selected by the Issuer. 
"Mid-Swap Floating Leg Maturity" has the meaning given in the applicable 
Final Terms.

--- Page 151 ---
136 
"Mid-Swap Rate" means, in relation to a Reset Determination Date and subject 
to Condition 3(c)(v), either: 
(A) 
if Single Mid-Swap Rate is specified in the applicable Final Terms, the 
rate for swaps in the Specified Currency: 
(1) 
with a term equal to the relevant Reset Period; and 
(2) 
commencing on the relevant Reset Date; or 
(B) 
if Mean Mid-Swap Rate is specified in the applicable Final Terms, the 
arithmetic mean (expressed as a percentage rate per annum and 
rounded, if necessary, to the nearest 0.001 per cent. (0.0005 per cent. 
being rounded upwards)) of the bid and offered swap rate quotations 
for swaps in the Specified Currency: 
(1) 
with a term equal to the relevant Reset Period; and 
(2) 
commencing on the relevant Reset Date, 
which, in either case, appears on the Relevant Screen Page as at approximately 
the Specified Time on such Reset Determination Date, all as determined by the 
Agent, or in the case of VPS Notes or if so specified in the applicable Final Terms, 
the Calculation Agent. 
"Original Reset Reference Rate Basis" has the meaning given in the applicable 
Final Terms. In the case of Notes other than Exempt Notes, the Original Reset 
Reference Rate Basis shall be annual, semi-annual, quarterly or monthly. 
"Reference Bond Price" means, with respect to any Reset Determination Date 
(i) the arithmetic average (as determined by the Agent or, in the case of VPS Notes 
or if so specified in the applicable Final Terms, the Calculation Agent) of the 
Reference Government Bond Dealer Quotations for such Reset Determination 
Date, after excluding the highest and lowest such Reference Government Bond 
Dealer Quotations, or (ii) if at least two but fewer than five such Reference 
Government Bond Dealer Quotations are received, the arithmetic average (as 
determined by the Agent or, in the case of VPS Notes or if so specified in the 
applicable Final Terms, the Calculation Agent) of all such quotations received, or 
(iii) if only one such Reference Government Bond Dealer Quotation is received, 
the quotation so received. 
"Reference Bond Rate" means, subject to Condition 3(c)(iii), with respect to any 
Reset Period and the Reset Determination Date in relation to such Reset Period, 
the rate per annum (expressed as a percentage) equal to the yield to maturity or 
interpolated yield to maturity (on the relevant day count basis) of the Reset 
Reference Bond, assuming a price for the Reset Reference Bond (expressed as a 
percentage of its principal amount) equal to the Reference Bond Price for such 
Reset Determination Date (as determined by the Agent or, in the case of VPS 
Notes or if so specified in the applicable Final Terms, the Calculation Agent). 
"Reference Government Bond Dealer" means each of five banks selected by 
the Issuer (following, where practicable, consultation with, in the case of VPS 
Notes or if so specified in the applicable Final Terms, the Calculation Agent) or 
their affiliates, which are (i) primary government securities dealers, and their 
respective successors, or (ii) market makers in pricing corporate bond issues. 
"Reference Government Bond Dealer Quotations" means, with respect to any 
Reference Government Bond Dealer and any Reset Determination Date, the 
arithmetic average, (as determined by the Agent or, in the case of VPS Notes or 
if so specified in the applicable Final Terms, the Calculation Agent), of the bid 
and offered prices for the Reset Reference Bond (expressed in each case as a 
percentage of its principal amount) as at the Reset Determination Time and

--- Page 152 ---
137 
quoted, at the request of the Issuer, in writing to the Agent or, in the case of VPS 
Notes or if so specified in the applicable Final Terms, the Calculation Agent by 
such Reference Government Bond Dealer. 
"Reference Rate" has the meaning given to such term in the applicable Final 
Terms, subject to Condition 3(b) and Condition 3(d), if applicable. 
"Relevant Reset Margin" means, in respect of the First Reset Period, the First 
Reset Margin or, in respect of any subsequent Reset Period, the relevant 
Subsequent Reset Margin, in each case as specified in the applicable Final Terms. 
"Reset Date" means the First Reset Date, the Second Reset Date and each 
Subsequent Reset Date (as applicable). 
"Reset Determination Date" means, in respect of a Reset Period, the second 
Business Day prior to the first day of such Reset Period, or in each case as 
specified in the applicable Final Terms. 
"Reset Determination Time" means in relation to a Reset Determination Date, 
11.00 a.m. in the principal financial centre of the Specified Currency on such 
Reset Determination Date or such other time as may be specified in the applicable 
Final Terms. 
"Reset Period" means the First Reset Period or a Subsequent Reset Period, as the 
case may be. 
"Reset Reference Bank Rate" means, subject to Condition 3(c)(iv), in relation 
to a Reset Period and the Reset Determination Date in relation to such Reset 
Period, the rate (expressed as a percentage rate per annum and rounded, if 
necessary, to the nearest 0.001 per cent. (0.0005 per cent. being rounded 
upwards)) determined by the Agent or, in the case of VPS Notes or if so specified 
in the applicable Final Terms, the Calculation Agent on the basis of the Reset 
United States Treasury Securities Quotations provided by the Reset Reference 
Banks to the Issuer at or around the CMT Reset Determination Time on such 
Reset Determination Date. If at least three such Reset United States Treasury 
Securities Quotations are provided, the Reset Reference Bank Rate will be the 
arithmetic mean (rounded as aforesaid) of the Reset United States Treasury 
Securities Quotations provided, eliminating the highest quotation (or, in the event 
of equality, one of the highest) and the lowest quotation (or, in the event of 
equality, one of the lowest). If only two Reset United States Treasury Securities 
Quotations are provided, the Reset Reference Bank Rate will be the arithmetic 
mean (rounded as aforesaid) of the Reset United States Treasury Securities 
Quotations provided. If only one Reset United States Treasury Securities 
Quotation is provided, the Reset Reference Bank Rate will be the quotation 
provided (rounded, if necessary, as aforesaid). 
"Reset Reference Banks" means: 
(A) 
if Mid-Swap Rate is specified as the Reset Reference Rate in the 
applicable Final Terms, the principal office in the principal financial 
centre of the Specified Currency of five major banks in the swap, 
money, securities or other market most closely connected with the 
relevant Mid-Swap Rate; or 
(B) 
if CMT Rate is specified as the Reset Reference Rate in the applicable 
Final Terms, the principal office in New York City of five major banks 
which are primary United States Treasury Securities dealers or market 
makers in pricing corporate bond issues denominated in U.S. dollars, 
in each case as selected by the Issuer.

--- Page 153 ---
138 
"Reset Reference Bond" means for any Reset Period a government security or 
securities issued by the government of the state responsible for issuing the 
Specified Currency (which, if the Specified Currency is euro, shall deemed to be 
Germany), as selected by the Issuer on the advice of an investment bank of 
international repute, as having the nearest actual or interpolated maturity 
comparable with the relevant Reset Period and that (in the opinion of the Issuer) 
would be utilised, at the time of selection and in accordance with customary 
financial practice, in pricing new issuances of corporate debt securities 
denominated in the Specified Currency and of a comparable maturity to the 
relevant Reset Period. 
"Reset Reference Rate" means, in relation to a Reset Determination Date and 
subject to Condition 3(c)(ii), Condition 3(c)(iii), Condition 3(c)(iv) and Condition 
3(c)(v), as applicable: 
(A) 
the Mid-Swap Rate; or 
(B) 
the Reference Bond Rate; or 
(C) 
the CMT Rate, 
as specified in the applicable Final Terms. 
"Reset United States Treasury Securities" means, in relation to a Reset 
Determination Date, the United States Treasury Securities: 
(A) 
with an original maturity which is equal or comparable to the duration of 
the relevant Reset Period, a remaining term to maturity of no more than 
one year shorter than the maturity which is equal to the duration of the 
relevant Reset Period; and 
(B) 
in a principal amount equal to an amount that is representative for a single 
transaction in such United States Treasury Securities in the New York 
City market. 
If two United States Treasury Securities have remaining terms to maturity equally 
close to the duration of the relevant Reset Period, the United States Treasury 
Security with the greater principal amount outstanding will be used for the 
purposes of the relevant determination. 
"Reset United States Treasury Securities Quotation" means, in relation to a 
Reset Period and the Reset Determination Date in relation to such Reset Period, 
the rate quoted by a Reset Reference Bank as being a yield-to-maturity based on 
the secondary market bid price of such Reset Reference Bank for Reset United 
States Treasury Securities at or around the CMT Reset Determination Time on 
such Reset Determination Date. 
"Second Reset Date" means the date specified in the applicable Final Terms. 
"Specified Currency" means the currency specified in the applicable Final Terms. 
"Subsequent Reset Date" means the date or dates specified in the applicable 
Final Terms. 
"Subsequent Reset Margin" means the (or each) margin specified as such in the 
applicable Final Terms (and, for the avoidance of doubt, the applicable Final 
Terms may specify different Subsequent Reset Margins for different Subsequent 
Reset Periods). 
"Subsequent Reset Period" means the period from (and including) the Second 
Reset Date to (but excluding) the next Subsequent Reset Date, and each

--- Page 154 ---
139 
successive period from (and including) a Subsequent Reset Date to (but excluding) 
the next succeeding Subsequent Reset Date. 
"Subsequent Reset Rate of Interest" means, in respect of any Subsequent Reset 
Period and subject to Condition 3(c)(ii), Condition 3(c)(iii) and Condition 3(c)(iv), 
as applicable, the rate of interest determined by the Agent or, in the case of VPS 
Notes or if so specified in the applicable Final Terms, the Calculation Agent on 
the relevant Reset Determination Date as the sum (converted, if applicable, as set 
out in Condition 3(c)(v)) of the relevant Reset Reference Rate and the relevant 
Subsequent Reset Margin. 
"United States Treasury Securities" means securities that are direct obligations 
of the United States Treasury, issued other than on a discount basis. 
(d) 
Benchmark Discontinuation 
Notwithstanding the provisions above in Condition 3(b) or Condition 3(c), as applicable, 
if (i) the Issuer determines that a Benchmark Event has occurred in relation to an Original 
Reference Rate when any Rate of Interest (or any component part thereof) remains to be 
determined by reference to such Original Reference Rate and (ii) "Benchmark 
Discontinuation" is specified to be applicable in the applicable Final Terms, then the 
following provisions of this Condition 3(d) shall apply. 
This Condition 3(d) shall not apply to the Notes for which the Reference Rate is specified 
in the applicable Final Terms as being "SOFR", in respect of which the provisions of 
Condition 3(e) will apply. 
(i) 
The Issuer shall use its reasonable endeavours to determine a Successor Rate, 
failing which an Alternative Rate (in accordance with Condition 3(d)(ii)(B)) and, 
in either case, an Adjustment Spread (in accordance with Condition 3(d)(iii)), and 
any Benchmark Amendments (in accordance with Condition 3(d)(iv)). 
(ii) 
If the Issuer determines in good faith that: 
(A) 
there is a Successor Rate, then such Successor Rate (as adjusted by the 
applicable Adjustment Spread as provided in Condition 3(d)(iii)) shall 
subsequently be used in place of the Original Reference Rate to 
determine the Rate of Interest (or the relevant component part thereof) 
for all future payments of interest on the Notes (subject to the operation 
of this Condition 3(d)); or 
(B) 
there is no Successor Rate but that there is an Alternative Rate, then such 
Alternative Rate (as adjusted by the applicable Adjustment Spread as 
provided in Condition 3(d)(iii)) shall subsequently be used in place of the 
Original Reference Rate to determine the Rate of Interest (or the relevant 
component part thereof) for all future payments of interest on the Notes 
(subject to the operation of this Condition 3(d)). 
(iii) 
The Adjustment Spread (or the formula or methodology for determining the 
Adjustment Spread) shall be applied to the Successor Rate or the Alternative Rate 
(as the case may be). If the Issuer is unable to determine the quantum of, or a 
formula or methodology for determining, such Adjustment Spread, then the 
Adjustment Spread shall be deemed to be zero. 
(iv) 
If any Successor Rate or Alternative Rate and, in either case, the applicable 
Adjustment Spread is determined in accordance with this Condition 3(d) and the 
Issuer determines in good faith (i) that amendments to these Terms and 
Conditions and/or the Agency Agreement are necessary to ensure the proper 
operation of such Successor Rate or Alternative Rate and/or (in either case), the 
applicable 
Adjustment 
Spread 
(such 
amendments, 
the 
"Benchmark 
Amendments") and (ii) the terms of the Benchmark Amendments, then the Issuer 
shall, subject to giving notice thereof in accordance with Condition 3(d)(v),

--- Page 155 ---
140 
without any requirement for the consent or approval of the holders of Notes, vary 
these Terms and Conditions and/or the Agency Agreement to give effect to such 
Benchmark Amendments with effect from the date specified in such notice. 
In connection with any such variation in accordance with this Condition 3(d)(iv), 
the Issuer shall comply with the rules of any stock exchange on which the Notes 
are for the time being listed or admitted to trading. 
Notwithstanding any other provision of this Condition 3(d)(iv), no Successor Rate 
or Alternative Rate will be adopted, nor will the applicable Adjustment Spread be 
applied, nor will any other amendment to the terms and conditions of any Notes 
be made to effect the Benchmark Amendments, if and to the extent that, in the 
determination of the Issuer, the same could reasonably be expected to prejudice 
the qualification of the relevant Series of Notes as Additional Tier 1 Capital. 
(v) 
Any Successor Rate, Alternative Rate, Adjustment Spread and the specific terms 
of any Benchmark Amendments, determined under this Condition 3(d) will be 
notified promptly by the Issuer to the Agent, the Paying Agents and, in 
accordance with Condition 17, the holders of Notes. Such notice shall be 
irrevocable and shall specify the effective date of the Benchmark Amendments, 
if any. 
No later than notifying the Agent of the same, the Issuer shall deliver to the Agent 
a certificate (to be made available at the Agent's specified office for inspection by 
holders of the Notes) signed by two Directors of the Issuer: 
(A) 
confirming (i) that a Benchmark Event has occurred, (ii) the Successor 
Rate or, as the case may be, the Alternative Rate and, (iii) the applicable 
Adjustment Spread and, where applicable the specific terms of any 
Benchmark Amendment, in each case as determined in accordance with 
the provisions of this Condition 3(d); and 
(B) 
certifying that the Benchmark Amendments are necessary to ensure the 
proper operation of such Successor Rate or Alternative Rate and, in either 
case, the Adjustment Spread. 
The Agent shall be entitled to rely on such certificate (without enquiry or liability 
to any person) as sufficient evidence thereof. The Successor Rate or Alternative 
Rate and the Adjustment Spread and the Benchmark Amendments (if any) 
specified in such certificate will (in the absence of manifest error in the 
determination of the Successor Rate or the Alternative Rate and the Adjustment 
Spread and the Benchmark Amendments (if any)) be binding on the Issuer, the 
Agent, the Paying Agents and the holders of Notes. 
(vi) 
Without prejudice to the obligations of the Issuer under Conditions 3(d)(i), (ii), 
(iii) and (iv), the Original Reference Rate and the relevant fallback provisions 
provided for in Condition 3(b)(ii) or Condition 3(c)(ii), as applicable, will 
continue to apply unless and until the Issuer has determined that a Benchmark 
Event has occurred and (i) either a Successor Rate or Alternative Rate is 
determined, (ii) any Adjustment Spread (if any) and Benchmark Amendments (if 
any) are determined, and (iii) the Issuer has notified each of the Agent and the 
Paying Agents, in each case pursuant to this Condition 3(d). 
As used in this Condition 3(d): 
"Adjustment Spread" means either a spread (which may be positive, negative or zero), 
or the formula or methodology for calculating a spread, in either case, which the Issuer 
determines in good faith is required to be applied to the Successor Rate or the relevant 
Alternative Rate (as the case may be) and is the spread, formula or methodology which:

--- Page 156 ---
141 
(A) 
in the case of a Successor Rate, is formally recommended, or formally provided 
as an option for parties to adopt, in relation to the replacement of the Original 
Reference Rate with the Successor Rate by any Relevant Nominating Body; or 
(B) 
(if no such recommendation has been made, or in the case of an Alternative Rate), 
the Issuer determines in good faith is customarily applied to the relevant 
Successor Rate or Alternative Rate (as the case may be) in international debt 
capital markets transactions to produce an industry-accepted replacement rate for 
the Original Reference Rate; or  
(C) 
(if no such recommendation has been made, or in the case of an Alternative Rate), 
the Issuer determines in good faith is recognised or acknowledged as being the 
industry standard for over-the-counter derivative transactions which reference the 
Original Reference Rate, where such rate has been replaced by the Successor Rate 
or the Alternative Rate (as the case may be); or 
(D) 
(if the Issuer determines that no such industry standard is recognised or 
acknowledged), the Issuer, in its discretion, and acting in good faith, determines 
to be appropriate, having regard to the objective, so far as is reasonably 
practicable in the circumstances, of reducing or elimintating any economic 
prejudice or benefit (as the case may be) to Noteholders as a result of the 
replacement of the Original Reference Rate with the Successor Rate or the 
Alternative Rate (as the case may be). 
"Alternative Rate" means an alternative benchmark or screen rate which the Issuer 
determines in accordance with Condition 3(d)(ii)(B) has replaced the Original Reference 
Rate in customary market usage in the international debt capital markets for the purposes 
of determining rates of interest (or the relevant component part thereof) for the same 
interest period and in the same Specified Currency as the Notes. 
"Benchmark Amendments" has the meaning given to it in Condition 3(d)(iv). 
"Benchmark Event" means, with respect to an Original Reference Rate, any one or more 
of the following: 
(A) 
the Original Reference Rate ceasing to exist or be published on a permanent or 
indefinite basis as a result of the Original Reference Rate ceasing to be 
calculated or administered; or 
(B) 
the making of a public statement by the administrator of the Original Reference 
Rate that it has ceased or will cease to publish the Original Reference Rate 
permanently or indefinitely (in circumstances where no successor 
administrator has been appointed that will continue publication of the Original 
Reference Rate); or 
(C) 
the making of a public statement by the supervisor of the administrator of the 
Original Reference Rate that the Original Reference Rate has been or will be 
permanently or indefinitely discontinued; or 
(D) 
the making of a public statement by the supervisor of the administrator of the 
Original Reference Rate as a consequence of which the Original Reference 
Rate will be prohibited from being used, is no longer representative of its 
underlying market or that its use will be subject to restrictions or adverse 
consequences, in each case in circumstances where the same shall be 
applicable to the Notes; or 
(E) 
it has or will, prior to the next Interest Determination Date or Reset 
Determination Date, as applicable, become unlawful for any Paying Agent, the 
Calculation Agent or the Issuer to calculate any payments due to be made to 
any holder of Notes using the Original Reference Rate (including, without 
limitation, under the Benchmarks Regulation (EU) 2016/1011, if applicable);

--- Page 157 ---
142 
provided that in the case of paragraphs (B) to (D) above, the Benchmark Event shall occur 
on: 
(1) 
in the case of paragraph (B) above, the date of the cessation of the publication 
of the Original Reference Rate; 
(2) 
in the case of paragraph (C) above, the discontinuation of the Original 
Reference Rate; or 
(3) 
in the case of paragraph (D) above, the date on which the Original Reference 
Rate is prohibited from use, is deemed no longer to be representative or 
becomes subject to restrictions or adverse consequences (as applicable), 
and not (in any such case) the date of the relevant public statement (unless the date of the 
relevant public statement coincides with the relevant date in paragraph (1), (2) or (3) 
above, as applicable). 
"CRD IV" means, as the context requires, any or any combination of the CRD IV 
Directive, the CRR and any CRD IV Implementing Measures. 
"CRD IV Directive" means Directive 2013/36/EU of the European Parliament and of the 
Council on prudential requirements for credit institutions and investment firms dated 26 
June 2013 and published in the Official Journal of the European Union on 27 June 2013 
(or, as the case may be, any provision of Norwegian law transposing or implementing such 
Directive), as amended or replaced from time to time (including, for the avoidance of 
doubt, the amendments to such Directive resulting from Directive (EU) 2019/878 of the 
European Parliament and of the Council as regards exempted entities, financial holding 
companies, mixed financial holding companies, remuneration, supervisory measures and 
powers and capital conservation measures dated 20 May 2019 and published in the Official 
Journal of the European Union on 7 June 2019). 
"CRD IV Implementing Measures" means any regulatory capital rules or regulations or 
other requirements, which are applicable to the Issuer and which prescribe (alone or in 
conjunction with any other rules, regulations or other requirements) the requirements to 
be fulfilled by financial instruments for their inclusion in the regulatory capital of the 
Issuer (on a non-consolidated or consolidated basis) to the extent required by the CRD IV 
Directive or the CRR, including for the avoidance of doubt and without limitation any 
regulatory technical standards released from time to time by the European Banking 
Authority (or any successor or replacement thereof). 
When used in these Terms and Conditions, "CRR" means Regulation 575/2013 of the 
European Parliament and of the Council on prudential requirements for credit institutions 
and investment firms dated 26 June 2013 and published in the Official Journal of the 
European Union on 27 June 2013, as amended or replaced from time to time (including, 
for the avoidance of doubt, the amendments to such Regulation resulting from Regulation 
(EU) 2019/876 of the European Parliament and of the Council as regards the leverage 
ratio, the net stable funding ratio, requirements for own funds and eligible liabilities, 
counterparty credit risk, market risk, exposures to central counterparties, exposures to 
collective investment undertakings, large exposures, reporting and disclosure 
requirements dated 20 May 2019 and published in the Official Journal of the European 
Union on 7 June 2019). 
"Group" means the Issuer and its Subsidiaries. 
"Original Reference Rate" means the originally-specified benchmark or screen rate (as 
applicable) used to determine the Rate of Interest (or any component part thereof) on the 
Notes (provided that if, following one or more Benchmark Events, such originally 
specified benchmark or screen rate (or any Successor Rate or Alternative Rate which has 
replaced it) has been replaced by a (or a further) Successor Rate or Alternative Rate and a 
Benchmark Event subsequently occurs in respect of such Successor Rate or Alternative

--- Page 158 ---
143 
Rate, the term "Original Reference Rate" shall be deemed to include any such Successor 
Rate or Alternative Rate). 
"Relevant Nominating Body" means, in respect of a benchmark or screen rate (as 
applicable): 
(A) 
the central bank for the currency to which the benchmark or screen rate (as 
applicable) relates, or any central bank or other supervisory authority which is 
responsible for supervising the administrator of the benchmark or screen rate (as 
applicable); or 
(B) 
any working group or committee sponsored by, chaired or co-chaired by or 
constituted at the request of (a) the central bank for the currency to which the 
benchmark or screen rate (as applicable) relates, (b) any central bank or other 
supervisory authority which is responsible for supervising the administrator of the 
benchmark or screen rate (as applicable), (c) a group of the aforementioned 
central banks or other supervisory authorities or (d) the Financial Stability Board 
or any part thereof. 
"Successor Rate" means a successor to or replacement of the Original Reference Rate 
which is formally recommended by any Relevant Nominating Body. 
(e) 
Benchmark Discontinuation – ARRC 
This Condition 3(e) applies only if the Reference Rate is specified as SOFR in the 
applicable Final Terms and "Benchmark Discontinuation – ARRC" is specified to be 
applicable in the applicable Final Terms. 
If the Issuer determines on or prior to the relevant Reference Time that a Benchmark 
Transition Event and its related Benchmark Replacement Date have occurred with respect 
to the then-current Benchmark, the Benchmark Replacement will replace the then-current 
Benchmark for all purposes relating to the Notes in respect of all determinations on such 
date and for all determinations on all subsequent dates. In connection with the 
implementation of a Benchmark Replacement, the Issuer will have the right to make 
Benchmark Replacement Conforming Changes from time to time, without any 
requirement for the consent or approval of Noteholders. 
Any determination, decision or election that may be made by the Issuer pursuant to this 
Condition 3(e), including any determination with respect to a tenor, rate or adjustment or 
of the occurrence or non-occurrence of an event, circumstance or date and any decision to 
take or refrain from taking any action or any selection: 
(i) 
will be conclusive and binding absent manifest error; 
(ii) 
will be made in the sole discretion of the Issuer; and 
(iii) 
notwithstanding anything to the contrary in the documentation relating to the 
Notes, shall become effective without consent from the holders of the Notes or 
any other party. 
"Benchmark" means, initially, Compounded Daily SOFR or Compounded SOFR, as the 
case may be; provided that if the Issuer determines on or prior to the Reference Time that 
a Benchmark Transition Event and its related Benchmark Replacement Date have 
occurred with respect to Compounded Daily SOFR or, as the case may be, Compounded 
SOFR (or the relevant published SOFR rate used in the calculation thereof), as the case 
may be, or the then-current Benchmark, then "Benchmark" shall mean the applicable 
Benchmark Replacement. 
"Benchmark Replacement" means the first alternative set forth in the order below that 
can be determined by the Issuer as of the Benchmark Replacement Date:

--- Page 159 ---
144 
(A) 
the sum of: (a) the alternate rate of interest that has been selected or recommended 
by the Relevant Governmental Body as the replacement for the then-current 
Benchmark and (b) the Benchmark Replacement Adjustment; 
(B) 
the sum of: (a) the ISDA Fallback Rate and (b) the Benchmark Replacement 
Adjustment; or 
(C) 
the sum of: (a) the alternate rate of interest that has been selected by the Issuer as 
the replacement for the then-current Benchmark giving due consideration to any 
industry-accepted rate of interest as a replacement for the then-current Benchmark 
for U.S. dollar-denominated floating rate notes at such time and (b) the 
Benchmark Replacement Adjustment; 
"Benchmark Replacement Adjustment" means the first alternative set forth in the order 
below that can be determined by the Issuer as of the Benchmark Replacement Date: 
(A) 
the spread adjustment, or method for calculating or determining such spread 
adjustment, (which may be a positive or negative value or zero) that has been 
selected or recommended by the Relevant Governmental Body for the applicable 
Unadjusted Benchmark Replacement; 
(B) 
if the applicable Unadjusted Benchmark Replacement is equivalent to the ISDA 
Fallback Rate, the ISDA Fallback Adjustment; or 
(C) 
the spread adjustment (which may be a positive or negative value or zero) that 
has been selected by the Issuer giving due consideration to any industry-accepted 
spread adjustment, or method for calculating or determining such spread 
adjustment, for the replacement of the then-current Benchmark with the 
applicable Unadjusted Benchmark Replacement for U.S. dollar-denominated 
floating rate notes at such time; 
"Benchmark Replacement Conforming Changes" means, with respect to any 
Benchmark Replacement, any technical, administrative or operational changes (including 
changes to the timing and frequency of determining rates and making payments of interest, 
rounding of amounts or tenors, and other administrative matters) that the Issuer decides 
may be appropriate to reflect the adoption of such Benchmark Replacement in a manner 
substantially consistent with market practice (or, if the Issuer decides that adoption of any 
portion of such market practice is not administratively feasible or if the Issuer determines 
that no market practice for use of the Benchmark Replacement exists, in such other manner 
as the Issuer determines is reasonably necessary); 
"Benchmark Replacement Date" means the earliest to occur of the following events 
with respect to the then-current Benchmark (including, in the case of Compounded Daily 
SOFR, the daily published component used in the calculation thereof): 
(A) 
in the case of paragraph (i) or (ii) of the definition of "Benchmark Transition 
Event", the later of (a) the date of the public statement or publication of 
information referenced therein and (b) the date on which the administrator of the 
Benchmark permanently or indefinitely ceases to provide the Benchmark (or such 
component); or 
(B) 
in the case of paragraph (iii) of the definition of "Benchmark Transition Event", 
the date of the public statement or publication of information referenced therein. 
For the avoidance of doubt, if the event that gives rise to the Benchmark Replacement 
Date occurs on the same day as, but earlier than, the Reference Time in respect of any 
determination, the Benchmark Replacement Date will be deemed to have occurred prior 
to the Reference Time for such determination; 
"Benchmark Transition Event" means the occurrence of one or more of the following 
events with respect to the then-current Benchmark (including, in the case of Compounded 
Daily SOFR, the daily published component used in the calculation thereof):

--- Page 160 ---
145 
(A) 
a public statement or publication of information by or on behalf of the 
administrator of the Benchmark (or such component) announcing that such 
administrator has ceased or will cease to provide the Benchmark (or such 
component), permanently or indefinitely, provided that, at the time of such 
statement or publication, there is no successor administrator that will continue to 
provide the Benchmark (or such component); or 
(B) 
a public statement or publication of information by the regulatory supervisor for 
the administrator of the Benchmark (or such component), the central bank for the 
currency of the Benchmark (or such component), an insolvency official with 
jurisdiction over the administrator for the Benchmark (or such component), a 
resolution authority with jurisdiction over the administrator for the Benchmark 
(or such component) or a court or an entity with similar insolvency or resolution 
authority over the administrator for the Benchmark, which states that the 
administrator of the Benchmark (or such component) has ceased or will cease to 
provide the Benchmark (or such component) permanently or indefinitely, 
provided that, at the time of such statement or publication, there is no successor 
administrator that will continue to provide the Benchmark (or such component); 
or 
(C) 
a public statement or publication of information by the regulatory supervisor for 
the administrator of the Benchmark announcing that the Benchmark is no longer 
representative; 
"Corresponding Tenor" with respect to a Benchmark Replacement means a tenor 
(including overnight) having approximately the same length (disregarding business day 
adjustment) as the applicable tenor for the then-current Benchmark; 
"ISDA Definitions" means the 2006 ISDA Definitions published by the International 
Swaps and Derivatives Association, Inc. or any successor thereto, as amended or 
supplemented from time to time, or any successor definitional booklet for interest rate 
derivatives published from time to time; 
Notwithstanding anything included in the ISDA Definitions, base prospectus, final 
terms/pricing supplements, and/or any other transaction document (the "Transaction 
Documents") for any series of Notes to the contrary, the Issuer agrees that the Agent (in 
its capacity as Calculation Agent, if so appointed) will have no obligation to exercise any 
discretion (including, but not limited to, determinations of alternative or substitute 
benchmarks, successor reference rates, screen pages, interest adjustment factors/fractions 
or spreads, market disruptions, benchmark amendment conforming changes, selection and 
polling of reference banks), and to the extent the Transaction Documents for any series of 
Notes requires the Calculation Agent to exercise any such discretions and/or make such 
determinations, such references shall be construed as the Issuer or its financial adviser or 
alternate agent appointed by the Issuer exercising such discretions and/or determinations 
and/or actions and not the Calculation Agent. 
"ISDA Fallback Adjustment" means the spread adjustment (which may be a positive or 
negative value or zero) that would apply for derivatives transactions referencing the ISDA 
Definitions to be determined upon the occurrence of an index cessation event with respect 
to the Benchmark for the applicable tenor; 
"ISDA Fallback Rate" means the rate that would apply for derivatives transactions 
referencing the ISDA Definitions to be effective upon the occurrence of an index cessation 
date with respect to the Benchmark for the applicable tenor excluding the applicable ISDA 
Fallback Adjustment; 
"Reference Time" with respect to any determination of the Benchmark means (i) if the 
Benchmark is Compounded Daily SOFR or Compounded SOFR, the SOFR 
Determination Time (as defined in Condition 3(b)(ii)(D) or, as the case may be, Condition 
3(b)(ii)(E)), and (ii) if the Benchmark is neither Compounded Daily SOFR or

--- Page 161 ---
146 
Compounded SOFR, the time determined by the Issuer after giving effect to the 
Benchmark Replacement Conforming Changes; 
"Relevant Governmental Body" means the Federal Reserve Board and/or the Federal 
Reserve Bank of New York, or a committee officially endorsed or convened by the Federal 
Reserve Board and/or the Federal Reserve Bank of New York or any successor thereto; 
and 
"Unadjusted Benchmark Replacement" means the Benchmark Replacement excluding 
the Benchmark Replacement Adjustment. 
Any Benchmark Replacement, Benchmark Replacement Adjustment and the specific 
terms of any Benchmark Replacement Conforming Changes, determined under this 
Condition 3(e) will be notified promptly by the Issuer to the Agent, the Paying Agents and, 
in accordance with Condition 17, the Noteholders. Such notice shall be irrevocable and 
shall specify the effective date on which such changes take effect. 
No later than notifying the Agent of the same, the Issuer shall deliver to the Agent a 
certificate (to be made available at the Agent's specified office for inspection by holders 
of the Notes) signed by two Directors of the Issuer: 
(i) 
confirming (i) that a Benchmark Transition Event has occurred, (ii) the relevant 
Benchmark Replacement and, (iii) where applicable, any Benchmark 
Replacement Adjustment and/or the specific terms of any relevant Benchmark 
Replacement Conforming Changes, in each case as determined in accordance 
with the provisions of this Condition 3(e); and 
(ii) 
certifying that the relevant Benchmark Replacement Conforming Changes are 
appropriate to reflect the adoption of the relevant Benchmark Replacement. 
The Agent shall be entitled to rely on such certificate (without enquiry or liability to any 
person) as sufficient evidence thereof. The Benchmark Replacement and the Benchmark 
Replacement Adjustment (if any) and the Benchmark Replacement Conforming Changes 
(if any) specified in such certificate will (in the absence of manifest error in the 
determination of the Benchmark Replacement and the Benchmark Replacement 
Adjustment (if any) and the Benchmark Replacement Conforming Changes (if any)) be 
conclusive and binding on the Issuer, the Agent, the Paying Agents and the Noteholders. 
In connection with any such variation in accordance with this Condition 3(e), the Issuer 
shall comply with the rules of any stock exchange on which the Notes are for the time 
being listed or admitted to trading. 
Notwithstanding any other provision of this Condition 3(e), no Benchmark Replacement 
will be adopted, nor will any Benchmark Replacement Conforming Changes or any other 
amendment to the terms and conditions of any Series of Notes be made to effect the 
Benchmark Replacement, if and to the extent that, in the determination of the Issuer, the 
same could reasonably be expected to prejudice the qualification of the relevant Series of 
Notes as Additional Tier 1 Capital. 
(f) 
Accrual of Interest 
Each Note will cease to bear interest from the date for its redemption unless payment of 
the Outstanding Principal Amount is improperly withheld or refused. In such event, the 
relevant Note will continue to bear interest as provided in the Agency Agreement and the 
Terms and Conditions.

--- Page 162 ---
147 
4. 
Payments 
(a) 
Method of Payment 
Subject as provided below: 
(i) 
payments in a Specified Currency other than euro will be made by credit or 
transfer to an account in the relevant Specified Currency maintained by the payee 
with a bank in the principal financial centre of the country of such Specified 
Currency (which, if the Specified Currency is Australian dollars or New Zealand 
dollars, shall be Sydney and Auckland respectively); and 
(ii) 
payments in euro will be made by credit or transfer to a euro account (or any other 
account to which euro may be credited or transferred) specified by the payee. 
References to "Specified Currency" will include any successor currency under applicable 
law. 
(b) 
Payments Subject to Fiscal and other Laws 
Payments will be subject in all cases to (i) any fiscal or other laws and regulations 
applicable thereto in the place of payment, but without prejudice to the provisions of 
Condition 9 and (ii) any withholding or deduction required pursuant to an agreement 
described in Section 1471(b) of the U.S. Internal Revenue Code of 1986 (the "Code") or 
otherwise imposed pursuant to Sections 1471 through 1474 of the Code, any regulations 
or agreements thereunder, any official interpretations thereof, or any law implementing an 
intergovernmental approach thereto. 
(c) 
Presentation of Notes and Coupons 
Payments of principal in respect of definitive Bearer Notes will (subject as provided 
below) be made in the manner provided in paragraph (a) above only against presentation 
and surrender (or in the case of part payment of any sum due only, endorsement) of 
definitive Bearer Notes, and payments of interest in respect of definitive Bearer Notes will 
(subject as provided below) be made as aforesaid only against presentation and surrender 
(or in the case of part payment of any sum due only, endorsement) of Coupons, in each 
case at the specified office of any Paying Agent outside the United States (which 
expression, as used herein, means the United States of America (including the States and 
the District of Columbia and its possessions)). 
Except as provided below, all payments of interest and principal with respect to Bearer 
Notes will be made at such paying agencies outside the United States as the Issuer may 
appoint from time to time and to accounts outside the United States. 
Upon the date on which any Note in definitive bearer form becomes due and repayable, 
unmatured Coupons and Talons relating thereto (whether or not attached) shall become 
void and no payment or, as the case may be, exchange for further Coupons shall be made 
in respect thereof. 
If the due date for redemption of any definitive Bearer Note is not an Interest Payment 
Date, interest accrued in respect of such definitive Bearer Note from (and including) the 
preceding Interest Payment Date or Interest Commencement Date, as the case may be, 
shall, subject to Condition 2(e), Condition 5 and Condition 6, be payable only against 
surrender of the relevant definitive Bearer Note. 
Payments of principal and interest in respect of Notes represented by any bearer global 
Note will (subject as provided below and subject to Condition 2(e), Condition 5 and 
Condition 6) be made in the manner specified above in relation to definitive Bearer Notes 
or otherwise in the manner specified in the relevant bearer global Note, where applicable, 
against presentation or surrender, as the case may be, of such bearer global Note at the 
specified office of any Paying Agent outside the United States. A record of each payment 
made, distinguishing between any payment of principal and any payment of interest, will

--- Page 163 ---
148 
be made either on such bearer global Note by the Paying Agent to which it was presented 
or in the records of Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg. 
The holder of a global Note shall be the only person entitled to receive payments in respect 
of Notes represented by such global Note and the Issuer will be discharged by payment to, 
or to the order of, the holder of such global Note in respect of each amount so paid. Each 
of the persons shown in the records of Euroclear or Clearstream, Luxembourg as the 
beneficial holder of a particular principal amount of Notes represented by such global Note 
must look solely to Euroclear or Clearstream, Luxembourg, as the case may be for their 
share of each payment so made by the Issuer to, or to the order of, the holder of such global 
Note. 
Notwithstanding the foregoing, if any amount of principal and/or interest in respect of 
Bearer Notes is, subject to Condition 2(e), Condition 5 and Condition 6, payable in U.S. 
dollars, such U.S. dollar payments of principal and/or interest in respect of such Bearer 
Notes will be made at the specified office of a Paying Agent in the United States if: 
(i) 
the Issuer has appointed Paying Agents with specified offices outside the United 
States with the reasonable expectation that such Paying Agents would be able to 
make payment in U.S. dollars at such specified offices outside the United States 
of the full amount of principal and interest on the Notes in the manner provided 
above when due; 
(ii) 
payment of the full amount of such principal and interest at all such specified 
offices outside the United States is illegal or effectively precluded by exchange 
controls or other similar restrictions on the full payment or receipt of principal 
and interest in U.S. dollars; and 
(iii) 
such payment is then permitted under United States law without involving, in the 
opinion of the Issuer, adverse tax consequences to the Issuer. 
Payments of principal in respect of Registered Notes (whether in definitive or global form) 
will, subject to Condition 2(e), Condition 5 and Condition 6, be made in the manner 
provided in paragraph (a) above to the persons in whose name such Notes are registered 
at the close of business on the business day (being for this purpose a day on which banks 
are open for business in the city where the Registrar is located) immediately prior to the 
relevant payment date against presentation and surrender (or, in the case of part payment 
of any sum due only, endorsement) of such Notes at the specified office of the Registrar 
or a Transfer Agent. 
Payments of interest due on a Registered Note (whether in definitive or global form) will, 
subject to Condition 2(e), Condition 5 and Condition 6, be made in the manner specified 
in paragraph (a) above to the person in whose name such Note is registered (i) where the 
Notes are in global form, at the close of the business day (being for this purpose a day on 
which Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg are open for business) before the relevant 
due date and (ii) where the Notes are in definitive form, at the close of business on the 
fifteenth day (whether or not such fifteenth day is a business day (being for this purpose a 
day on which banks are open for business in the city where the specified office of the 
Registrar is located)) prior to such due date (in the case of paragraphs (i) and (ii), each the 
"Record Date"). 
If payment in respect of any Registered Notes is required by credit or transfer as referred 
to in paragraph (a), application for such payment must be made by the holder to the 
Registrar not later than the relevant Record Date. 
Payments of principal and interest in respect of VPS Notes will be made to the Noteholders 
shown in the records of the VPS in accordance with and subject to the rules and regulations 
from time to time governing the VPS.

--- Page 164 ---
149 
(d) 
Payment Day 
If the date for payment of any amount in respect of any Note or Coupon is not a Payment 
Day, the holder thereof shall not be entitled to payment until the next following Payment 
Day in the relevant place and shall not be entitled to further interest or other payment in 
respect of such delay. For these purposes, "Payment Day" means any day which is 
(subject to Condition 10): 
(i) 
a day on which commercial banks and foreign exchange markets settle payments 
and are open for general business (including dealing in foreign exchange and 
foreign currency deposits) in: 
(A) 
in the case of Notes in definitive form only, the relevant place of 
presentation; 
(B) 
any Additional Financial Centre (other than T2) specified in the 
applicable Final Terms; 
(C) 
if T2 is specified as an Additional Financial Centre in the applicable Final 
Terms, a day on which T2 is open; and 
(ii) 
either (1) in relation to any sum payable in a Specified Currency other than euro, 
a day on which commercial banks and foreign exchange markets settle payments 
and are open for general business (including dealings in foreign exchange and 
foreign currency deposits) in the principal financial centre of the country of the 
relevant Specified Currency (which, if the Specified Currency is Australian 
dollars or New Zealand dollars, shall be Sydney and Auckland respectively) or 
(2) in relation to any sum payable in euro, a day on which T2 is open. 
(e) 
Interpretation of Principal and Interest 
Any reference in these Terms and Conditions to principal in respect of the Notes shall be 
deemed to include, as applicable: 
(i) 
any additional amounts which may be payable with respect to principal under 
Condition 8; 
(ii) 
the Redemption Amount of the Notes; and 
(iii) 
any other amounts (other than interest) which may be payable by the Issuer under 
or in respect of the Notes. 
Any reference in these Terms and Conditions to interest in respect of the Notes shall be 
deemed to include, as applicable, any additional amounts which may be payable with 
respect to interest under Condition 9. 
5. 
Interest Cancellation 
(a) 
Optional Interest Cancellation 
The Issuer may elect at any time, in its sole and absolute discretion, to cancel (in whole or 
in part) any payment of interest otherwise scheduled to be paid on an Interest Payment 
Date or any other date. 
The Norwegian FSA may also direct the Issuer to exercise its discretion to cancel interest 
(in whole or in part) scheduled to be paid on an Interest Payment Date or any other date. 
(b) 
Maximum Distributable Amount 
To the extent required under the then-prevailing Applicable Banking Regulations: 
(i) 
in circumstances where the Norwegian Financial Institutions Act §14-3(5) applies, 
no payments (or deemed payments) will be made on the Notes (whether by way

--- Page 165 ---
150 
of principal, interest, any additional amounts payable under Condition 9, 
Discretionary Reinstatement or otherwise), and any such payment will be 
cancelled, if and to the extent that such payment would, when aggregated together 
with other distributions of the kind referred to in the Norwegian Financial 
Institutions Act §14-3(5), cause the Maximum Distributable Amount then 
applicable to the Issuer and/or the Group to be exceeded; and 
(ii) 
in circumstances where the Norwegian Financial Institutions Act §20-9a applies, 
no payments (or deemed payments) will be made on the Notes (whether by way 
of principal, interest, any additional amounts payable under Condition 9, 
Discretionary Reinstatement or otherwise), and any such payment will be 
cancelled, if and to the extent that (1) the Norwegian FSA has, at such time, 
imposed a maximum distributable amount determined in accordance with the 
Norwegian Financial Institutions Regulation § 20-7d (an "M-MDA") on the 
Issuer and/or the Group and (2) such payment would, when aggregated together 
with other distributions of the kind referred to in the Norwegian Financial 
Institutions Act §20-9a(2), cause such M-MDA to be exceeded. 
"Maximum Distributable Amount" means any applicable maximum distributable 
amount relating to the Issuer and/or the Group required to be calculated in accordance 
with the Capital Requirements Regulation §10 or in accordance with any other applicable 
provisions of the Applicable Banking Regulations which require a maximum distributable 
amount to be calculated if the Issuer and/or the Group is failing to meet any applicable 
requirements or any buffers relating to such requirements. 
If L-MDA restrictions are at any time applicable to the Issuer or the Group, payments on 
the Notes may also be cancelled (in whole or in part) by the Issuer if required to comply 
with any such applicable L-MDA restrictions. The Issuer expects that it would also use its 
option to cancel interest in any other circumstances in which it is required to do so under 
applicable law or regulation. See also "Risk Factors – Payments on the Notes will be 
subject to Maximum Distributable Amount restrictions" for further information. 
(c) 
Insufficient Distributable Items 
Payments of interest in respect of the Notes in any financial year (and, if applicable, any 
additional amounts payable in respect thereof pursuant to Condition 9) shall only be made 
out of Distributable Items of the Issuer (unless otherwise permitted by the then-prevailing 
Applicable Banking Regulations). The Issuer will, to the extent required under the then-
prevailing Applicable Banking Regulations, cancel any interest otherwise scheduled to be 
paid on any date if and to the extent that the amount of such interest (together with any 
additional amounts payable in respect thereof pursuant to Condition 9), when aggregated 
together with any interest payments or distributions which have been made or which are 
required to be paid or made during the then current financial year on all other own funds 
items of the Issuer (excluding any such interest payments or distributions which (i) are not 
required to be made out of Distributable Items or (ii) have already been provided for, by 
way of deduction, in the calculation of Distributable Items), exceeds the amount of 
Distributable Items of the Issuer as at such date. 
"Distributable Items" means, with respect to any payment of interest on the Notes, those 
profits and reserves (if any) of the Issuer which are available, in accordance with 
applicable law and regulation for the time being, for the payment of such interest payment 
and any other payments by the Issuer which, under Applicable Banking Regulations, are 
required to be made only out of such profits and reserves. 
(d) 
Solvency Condition 
Payments of interest will also be cancelled if and to the extent required pursuant to 
Condition 2(e).

--- Page 166 ---
151 
(e) 
Notice of Interest Cancellation 
The Issuer shall give notice to the Noteholders in accordance with Condition 17 and to the 
Agent, the Paying Agents and, in the case of VPS Notes, the VPS Account Manager of 
any such cancellation of a payment of interest, which notice might be given after the date 
on which the relevant payment of interest is scheduled to be made, provided that any 
failure to give any such notice shall not affect the cancellation of the relevant interest 
payment and shall not constitute a default of the Issuer for any purpose. Non-payment of 
any amount of interest (in whole or in part) scheduled to be paid on any date will constitute 
evidence of cancellation of the relevant payment (or the relevant part thereof), whether or 
not notice of cancellation has been given by the Issuer. 
(f) 
Interest Non-Cumulative; No Default 
If the payment of interest scheduled on any date is cancelled, in whole or in part, in 
accordance with the provisions of Condition 2(e), this Condition 5 or Condition 6, the 
Issuer shall not have any obligation to make such interest payment (or the cancelled part 
thereof) on such date or any time thereafter, the Issuer may use such cancelled interest 
amounts for any purpose without limitation and the failure to pay such interest (or the 
cancelled part thereof) shall not constitute a default of the Issuer under the Notes or for 
any purpose. 
Any such interest will not accumulate or be payable at any time thereafter, the Issuer will 
not be obliged to (and will not) make any other payment or settlement in any form in lieu 
thereof, and Noteholders shall have no right thereto whether in a winding-up of the Issuer 
or otherwise. 
6. 
Loss Absorption Following a Trigger Event 
(a) 
Loss Absorption Following a Trigger Event 
If at any time the CET1 Ratio of the Issuer and/or the Group falls below the Trigger Event 
Level, as determined by the Issuer (or by the Norwegian FSA or any agent appointed by 
the Norwegian FSA for the purpose of making such determination) (a "Trigger Event"), 
then the Issuer shall immediately notify the Norwegian FSA and, without delay and by no 
later than one month (or such shorter period as the Norwegian FSA may then require) from 
the occurrence of the relevant Trigger Event, shall (without the need for the consent of the 
Noteholders): 
(i) 
cancel all interest accrued to (but excluding) the relevant Write Down Date 
(whether or not such interest has become due for payment and including any 
interest scheduled for payment on the Write Down Date); and 
(ii) 
reduce the then Outstanding Principal Amount of each Note by the relevant Write 
Down Amount (such reduction, a "Write Down" and "Written Down" being 
construed accordingly). 
For the avoidance of doubt, if the cancellation of interest pursuant to Condition 6(a)(i) 
would result in an increase in the CET1 Ratio of the Issuer and/or the Group (as 
applicable), any such increase shall be disregarded for the purposes of calculating the 
Write Down Amount in respect of such Trigger Event. 
"Trigger Event Level" means 5.125 per cent. or such other percentage as may be specified 
in the applicable Final Terms. 
In addition to the provisions of this Condition 6(a), the Notes may separately be written 
down or converted to common equity tier 1 items by the Norwegian resolution authorities 
pursuant to Chapter 20 of the Financial Institutions Act, which implements in Norway 
Directive 2014/59/EU (including, without limitation, the general bail-in tool or the non-
viability loss absorption powers applicable to the write-down or conversion of capital 
instruments, such as the Notes). See "Risk Factors – The Notes may become subject to

--- Page 167 ---
152 
resolution actions under the Norwegian implementation of BRRD, and may be written 
down or converted into equity in certain circumstances". 
(b) 
Write Down Notice 
The Issuer shall, as soon as reasonably practicable following the determination that a 
Trigger Event has occurred, and in any event not more than five Business Days following 
such determination, give notice (which notice shall be irrevocable) to the Noteholders (the 
"Write Down Notice") in accordance with Condition 17 and to the Agent and, in the case 
of VPS Notes, the VPS Account Manager stating: 
(i) 
that the Trigger Event has occurred;  
(ii) 
the date on which the Write Down will take (or has taken) effect (the "Write 
Down Date"); and  
(iii) 
if then determined, the principal amount (expressed per Calculation Amount in 
respect of a Note in definitive form) by which each Note will be (or has been) 
Written Down on the Write Down Date. 
If the Write Down Amount has not been determined when the Write Down Notice is given, 
the Issuer shall, as soon as reasonably practicable following such determination, notify 
Noteholders, in accordance with Condition 17, and the Agent and, in the case of VPS 
Notes, the VPS Account Manager of the Write Down Amount. 
Any failure or delay by the Issuer in giving any such notice to the Noteholders referred to 
under this Condition 6(b) or notification to the Norwegian FSA pursuant to Condition 6(a) 
will not in any way impact on the effectiveness of, or otherwise invalidate, any Write 
Down, or give Noteholders any rights as a result of such failure or delay, and shall not 
constitute a default by the Issuer under the Notes or for any purpose. 
(c) 
Loss Absorbing Instruments 
Write Down of the Notes will be effected, save as may otherwise be required by the 
Norwegian FSA, pro rata with (a) the concurrent Write Down of the other Notes of that 
Series; and (b) the concurrent (or substantially concurrent) write-down or conversion into 
equity, as the case may be, of any Loss Absorbing Instruments (based on the prevailing 
principal amount of the relevant Loss Absorbing Instrument), provided that: 
(i) 
with respect to each Loss Absorbing Instrument (if any), such pro rata write down 
or conversion shall only be taken into account to the extent required to restore the 
relevant CET1 Ratio(s) to the lower of (i) such Loss Absorbing Instrument's 
trigger level and (ii) the Trigger Event Level; and 
(ii) 
if for any reason the Issuer is unable to effect the concurrent (or substantially 
concurrent) write-down or conversion of any given Loss Absorbing Instruments 
within the period required by the Norwegian FSA, the Notes will be Written 
Down notwithstanding that the relevant Loss Absorbing Instruments are not also 
written down or converted. 
For the avoidance of doubt, to the extent that the Issuer is unable to write down or convert 
any Loss Absorbing Instruments as aforesaid, the Write Down Amount determined in 
accordance with part (i) of the definition of "Write Down Amount" will be calculated on 
the basis that such Loss Absorbing Instruments are not available to be written down or 
converted, and accordingly the Write Down Amount determined in accordance with that 
part (i) will be higher than it would otherwise have been if such Loss Absorbing 
Instruments had been available to be written down or converted. 
The ineffectiveness of any write down or conversion of any Loss Absorbing Instrument 
shall not affect the requirement to effect a Write Down of the Notes.

--- Page 168 ---
153 
(d) 
Write Down Amount 
"Write Down Amount" means, in respect of any Write Down, the amount by which the 
then Outstanding Principal Amount of each Note (calculated per Calculation Amount in 
respect of a Note in definitive form) is to be Written Down, being (save as may otherwise 
be required by Applicable Banking Regulations) the lower of (i) and (ii) below: 
(i) 
The amount per Note which is determined by the Issuer to be necessary (in 
conjunction with (a) the concurrent Write Down of the other Notes of that Series; 
and (b) the concurrent (or substantially concurrent) write-down or conversion into 
equity of, or other loss absorption measures taken in respect of, any other Loss 
Absorbing Instruments, in each case in the manner and to the extent provided in 
Condition 6(c)) to restore each of the Issuer's and/or the Group's (as applicable) 
CET1 Ratio to at least the Trigger Event Level (and so that the lower of such 
CET1 Ratios is equal to (or as near as is practicable equal to but not less than) the 
Trigger Event Level); and 
(ii) 
the amount necessary to reduce the Outstanding Principal Amount of each Note 
to the Minimum Outstanding Principal Amount.  
The Outstanding Principal Amount of a Note shall not at any time be reduced to below 
zero as a result of a Write Down. 
(e) 
Full Loss Absorbing Instruments 
If, in connection with the Write Down or the calculation of the Write Down Amount, there 
are outstanding any Loss Absorbing Instruments the terms of which provide that they shall 
be written down or converted into equity in full and not in part only ("Full Loss 
Absorbing Instruments") then: 
(iii) 
the requirement that a Write Down of the Notes shall be effected pro rata with 
the write-down or conversion into equity, as the case may be, of any such Loss 
Absorbing Instruments shall not be construed as requiring the Notes to be Written 
Down in full simply by virtue of the fact that such Full Loss Absorbing 
Instruments will be written-down or converted in full; and  
(iv) 
for the purposes of calculating the Write Down Amount, the Full Loss Absorbing 
Instruments will be treated (for the purposes only of determining the write-down 
of principal or conversion into equity, as the case may be, among the Notes and 
such other Loss Absorbing Instruments on a pro rata basis) as if their terms 
permitted partial write-down or conversion into equity, such that the write-down 
or conversion into equity of such Full Loss Absorbing Instruments shall be 
deemed to occur in two concurrent stages: (a) first, the principal amount of such 
Full Loss Absorbing Instruments shall be written-down or converted into equity 
pro rata with the Notes and all other Loss Absorbing Instruments (in each case 
subject to and as provided in Condition 6(c)) to the extent necessary to restore 
each of the Issuer's and/or the Group's (as the case may be) CET1 Ratio to at least 
the Trigger Event Level; and (b) secondly, the balance (if any) of the principal 
amount of such Full Loss Absorbing Instruments remaining following (a) shall 
be written-off or converted into equity, as the case may be, with the effect of 
increasing the Issuer's and/or the Group's (as the case may be) CET1 Ratio above 
the minimum required level under (a) above. 
(f) 
Interest Accrual 
Following a reduction of the Outstanding Principal Amount of the Notes as described 
above, interest will accrue on the reduced Outstanding Principal Amount of each Note 
from (and including) the relevant Write Down Date, and (for the avoidance of doubt) such 
interest will be subject to Condition 2(e), Condition 5 and Condition 6(a).

--- Page 169 ---
154 
(g) 
Write Down May Occur on One or More Occasions; No Default 
A Write Down may occur on one or more occasions and accordingly the Notes may be 
Written Down on one or more occasions (provided however, for the avoidance of doubt, 
that the principal amount of a Note shall not at any time be reduced to below zero). Any 
reduction of the Outstanding Principal Amount pursuant to this Condition 6 shall not 
constitute a default by the Issuer under the Notes or for any purpose. 
(h) 
Cancellation Not Automatic 
If the Outstanding Principal Amount of the Notes is Written Down to zero, the Notes will 
not be automatically cancelled. 
(i) 
Currency 
For the purposes of any calculation in connection with a Write Down or Discretionary 
Reinstatement of the Notes which necessarily requires the determination of a figure in the 
Accounting Currency (or in an otherwise consistent manner across obligations 
denominated in different currencies), including (without limitation) any determination of 
a Write Down Amount and/or a Maximum Write-up Amount, any relevant obligations 
(including the Notes) which are not denominated in the Accounting Currency shall (for 
the purposes of such calculation only) be deemed notionally to be converted into the 
Accounting Currency at the foreign exchange rates determined, in the sole discretion of 
the Issuer, to be applicable based on its regulatory reporting requirements under 
Applicable Banking Regulations. 
(j) 
Definitions 
In these Terms and Conditions, the following terms shall bear the following meanings: 
"Accounting Currency" means NOK or such other primary currency used in the 
presentation of the Issuer's and/or the Group's accounts (as the context requires) from time 
to time. 
"CET1 Capital" (NO: ren kjernekapital) means, at any date, with respect to the Issuer or 
the Group (as the case may be), the sum, expressed in the Accounting Currency, of all 
amounts that constitute Common Equity Tier 1 Capital of the Issuer or the Group, 
respectively, as at such date, less any deductions from Common Equity Tier 1 Capital 
required to be made as at such date, in each case as calculated by the Issuer (or by the 
Norwegian FSA or any agent appointed by the Norwegian FSA for the purpose of making 
such calculation) in accordance with the Applicable Banking Regulations and on the basis 
that all measures used in such calculation shall, for the purposes of this definition, be 
calculated on an end-point basis unless, and to the extent that, the Norwegian FSA requires 
or permits the Issuer or the Group (as applicable), for such purposes, to calculate such 
measures having regard to any applicable transitional provisions under the Applicable 
Banking Regulations; 
"CET1 Ratio" means, at any date, with respect to the Issuer or the Group (as the case may 
be), the ratio of its CET1 Capital (NO: ren kjernekapital) as at such date to its Risk 
Exposure Amount as at such date, expressed as a percentage and calculated by the Issuer 
(or by the Norwegian FSA or any agent appointed by the Norwegian FSA for the purpose 
of making such calculation) in accordance with the Applicable Banking Regulations and 
on the basis that all measures used in such calculation shall, for the purposes of this 
definition, be calculated on an end-point basis unless, and to the extent that, the Norwegian 
FSA requires or permits the Issuer or the Group (as applicable), for such purposes, to 
calculate such measures having regard to any applicable transitional provisions under the 
Applicable Banking Regulations. 
"Loss Absorbing Instrument" means, at any time, any Additional Tier 1 Capital 
instrument (other than the Notes) issued directly or indirectly by the Issuer or any other 
member of the Group which has terms pursuant to which all or some of its principal 
amount may be written-down (whether on a permanent or temporary basis) or converted

--- Page 170 ---
155 
into equity (in each case in accordance with its conditions) on the occurrence, or as a result, 
of a trigger set by reference to the relevant CET1 Ratio(s) falling below a specific 
threshold.  
"Maximum Write-up Amount" means: 
(ii) 
 
(a) 
the Relevant Profits, multiplied by  
(b) 
the sum of the aggregate Original Principal Amount of the Notes and the 
aggregate original principal amount of all Written-Down Additional Tier 
1 Instruments issued directly or indirectly by the Issuer (if the Relevant 
Profits under (i)(a) are those of the Issuer) or the Group (if the Relevant 
Profits under (i)(a) are those of the Group), divided by  
(c) 
the total Tier 1 Capital amount of the Issuer (if the Relevant Profits under 
(i)(a) are those of the Issuer) or the Group (if the Relevant Profits under 
(i)(a) are those of the Group) as at the date of the relevant Discretionary 
Reinstatement; or 
(iii) 
such higher amount as may be permissible pursuant to the Applicable Banking 
Regulations then in force. 
"Net Profit" means, at any time, with respect to the Issuer or the Group, the non-
consolidated or consolidated net profit (excluding minority interests), respectively, of the 
Issuer or the Group determined on the basis of the Issuer's audited non-consolidated or 
consolidated (as the case may be) annual accounts for the then most recent financial year. 
"Relevant Profits" means the relevant Net Profit of the Issuer or the Group, whichever is 
lower. 
"Risk Exposure Amount" means, at any date, with respect to the Issuer or the Group, the 
risk exposure amount, expressed in the Accounting Currency, of the Issuer or the Group, 
respectively, as at such date, as calculated by the Issuer (or by the Norwegian FSA or any 
agent appointed by the Norwegian FSA for the purpose of making such calculation) in 
accordance with the Applicable Banking Regulations. For the purposes of this definition, 
the term "risk exposure amount" means the total risk exposure amount, as calculated by 
the Issuer (or the Norwegian FSA or its appointed agent as aforesaid) in accordance with 
Applicable Banking Regulations and on the basis that all measures used in such calculation 
shall, for the purposes of this definition, be calculated on an end-point basis unless, and to 
the extent that, the Norwegian FSA requires or permits the Issuer or the Group (as 
applicable), for such purposes, to calculate such measures having regard to any applicable 
transitional provisions under the Applicable Banking Regulations.  
"Written-Down Additional Tier 1 Instruments" means, at any time, any instrument 
(other than the Notes) issued directly or indirectly by the Issuer or, as applicable, any 
member of the Group, which is qualifying as Additional Tier 1 Capital of the Issuer or the 
Group and which, immediately prior to the relevant Discretionary Reinstatement, has a 
prevailing principal amount lower than the principal amount that it was originally issued 
with due to such principal amount having been written down on a temporary basis pursuant 
to its terms. 
7. 
Discretionary Reinstatement of the Notes 
(a) 
Discretionary Reinstatement of the Notes 
If, at any time while any Note remains Written Down, each of the Issuer and the Group 
records a positive Net Profit, the Issuer may, in its sole and absolute discretion, increase 
the Outstanding Principal Amount of the Notes (a "Discretionary Reinstatement") by

--- Page 171 ---
156 
such amount (calculated per Calculation Amount in respect of a Note in definitive form) 
as the Issuer may elect, provided that such Discretionary Reinstatement shall not: 
(i) 
result in the Outstanding Principal Amount of the Notes being greater than their 
Original Principal Amount; 
(ii) 
result in the occurrence of a Trigger Event;  
(iii) 
result in a breach of the Solvency Condition;  
(iv) 
result in any Maximum Distributable Amount then applicable to the Issuer or the 
Group to be exceeded; or 
(v) 
result in the Maximum Write-up Amount to be exceeded when taken together 
with the aggregate of:  
(A) 
any previous Discretionary Reinstatement of the Notes out of the same 
Relevant Profits since the accounting date as at which the applicable 
Relevant Profits were determined (if any) (the "Reference Date"); 
(B) 
the aggregate amount of any interest on the Notes that has been paid or 
calculated (but disregarding any such calculated interest which has been 
cancelled) since the Reference Date on the basis of an Outstanding 
Principal Amount that is lower than the Original Principal Amount; 
(C) 
the aggregate amount of the increase in principal amount of the Written-
Down Additional Tier 1 Instruments to be written-up out of the same 
Relevant Profits concurrently (or substantially concurrently) with the 
Discretionary Reinstatement and (if applicable) any previous increase in 
principal amount out of the same Relevant Profits of such Written-Down 
Additional Tier 1 Instruments since the Reference Date; and 
(D) 
the aggregate amount of any interest on such Written-Down Additional 
Tier 1 Instruments that have been paid or calculated (but disregarding 
any such calculated interest which has been cancelled) since the 
Reference Date on the basis of a prevailing principal amount that is lower 
than the original principal amount at which such Written-Down 
Additional Tier 1 Instruments were issued. 
(b) 
Notice of Discretionary Reinstatement  
In the event of a Discretionary Reinstatement in accordance with Condition 7(a), the Issuer 
will give notice to Noteholders in accordance with Condition 17 and to the Agent and, in 
the case of VPS Notes, the VPS Account Manager not more than ten Business Days 
following the day on which it resolves to effect such Discretionary Reinstatement, which 
notice shall specify the amount of such Discretionary Reinstatement (expressed per 
Calculation Amount in respect of a Note in definitive form) and the date on which such 
Discretionary Reinstatement will be effected. 
(c) 
Write-up of Written-Down Additional Tier 1 Instruments 
Any Discretionary Reinstatement shall be applied concurrently (or substantially 
concurrently) and pro rata with other write-ups to be effected out of the Relevant Profits 
in respect of any Written-Down Additional Tier 1 Instruments. 
The Issuer will not reinstate the principal amount of any Written-Down Additional Tier 1 
Instrument that has terms permitting a write-up of such principal amount to occur out of 
the Relevant Profits on a similar basis to that set out in respect of the Notes unless it does 
so on a pro rata basis with a Discretionary Reinstatement of the Notes.

--- Page 172 ---
157 
(d) 
Interest Accrual 
Following a Discretionary Reinstatement in respect of the Notes, interest will accrue on 
the increased Outstanding Principal Amount of each Note from (and including) the date 
on which the relevant Discretionary Reinstatement takes effect, and (for the avoidance of 
doubt) such interest will be subject to Condition 2(e), Condition 5 and Condition 6(a). 
(e) 
Discretionary Reinstatement May Occur on One or More Occasions 
A Discretionary Reinstatement may occur on one or more occasions until the Outstanding 
Principal Amount of the Notes has been reinstated to the Original Principal Amount. Any 
decision by the Issuer to effect or not to effect any Discretionary Reinstatement on any 
occasion shall not preclude it from effecting or not effecting any Discretionary 
Reinstatement on any other occasion. 
(f) 
Scope of Discretionary Reinstatement  
Discretionary Reinstatement shall apply to the Notes only if, and to the extent that, the 
Notes have been Written Down following the occurrence of a Trigger Event in accordance 
with the provisions of Condition 6 above. If at any time the Notes are written down or 
converted to common equity tier 1 items by the Norwegian resolution authorities pursuant 
to Chapter 20 of the Financial Institutions Act, the principal amount by which the Notes 
are so written down or converted to equity shall not be reinstated (whether by way of 
Discretionary Reinstatement or otherwise) in any circumstances, and references in these 
Terms and Conditions to a Discretionary Reinstatement up to (or not exceeding) the 
Original Principal Amount (calculated per Calculation Amount in respect of a Note in 
definitive form) of the Notes shall be construed as if the Original Principal Amount 
(calculated per Calculation Amount in respect of a Note in definitive form) had been 
reduced by an amount equal to the principal amount of the Notes written down and/or 
converted under Chapter 20 of the Financial Institutions Act. 
8. 
Redemption and Purchase 
(a) 
No Maturity 
The Notes are perpetual securities and have no fixed date for redemption. The Issuer may 
only redeem the Notes at its discretion in the circumstances described herein. The Notes 
are not redeemable at the option of the Noteholders at any time. 
(b) 
Redemption Upon the Occurrence of a Capital Event, a Withholding Tax Event or a Tax 
Event 
Subject to the provisions of Condition 8(h), the Notes may, upon the occurrence of a 
Capital Event, a Withholding Tax Event or a Tax Event, be redeemed at the option of the 
Issuer in whole, but not in part, at any time (if this Note is not a Floating Rate Note) or on 
any Interest Payment Date (if this Note is a Floating Rate Note), on giving not less than 
five nor more than 60 days' notice (or not less than any other minimum period of notice 
nor more than any other maximum period of notice as may be specified in the applicable 
Final Terms) to the Agent, (in the case of a redemption of Registered Notes) the Registrar, 
(in the case of a redemption of VPS Notes) the VPS Account Manager and, in accordance 
with Condition 17, the Noteholders (which notice shall, subject as provided in Condition 
8(i) below, be irrevocable and shall specify the date for redemption), in each case at their 
Redemption Amount. 
Prior to the publication of any notice of redemption pursuant to this Condition 8(b), the 
Issuer shall deliver to the Agent and, in the case of VPS Notes, to the VPS Account 
Manager (in each case, to make available at the Agent's or VPS Account Manager's 
specified office (as applicable) for inspection by the holders of the Notes) a certificate 
signed by two Directors of the Issuer stating that the Issuer is entitled to effect such 
redemption and setting forth a statement of facts showing that the conditions precedent to 
the right of the Issuer so to redeem have occurred.

--- Page 173 ---
158 
A "Capital Event" means the determination by the Issuer, after consultation with the 
Norwegian FSA, that as a result of a change (or pending change) in the regulatory 
classification of the Notes under the Applicable Banking Regulations that occurs on or 
after the issue date of the most recent Tranche of the Notes, the entire Outstanding 
Principal Amount of the Notes or any part thereof is (or would be) excluded from the Tier 
1 Capital of the Issuer and/or the Group. 
A "Change in Law" means (a) any amendment to, clarification of, or change (including 
any announced prospective change) in the laws or treaties (or any regulations thereunder) 
of Norway or any political subdivision or taxing authority thereof or therein affecting 
taxation, (b) any governmental action in Norway or any amendment to, clarification of, or 
change in the position or interpretation of such laws or treaties (or any regulations 
thereunder) or governmental action or any official interpretation, decision or 
pronouncement that provides for a position with respect to such law, treaty (or regulations 
thereunder) or governmental action that differs from the theretofore generally accepted 
position, in each case, by any legislative body, court, governmental authority or regulatory 
body in Norway or any political subdivision or taxing authority thereof or therein, 
irrespective of the manner in which such amendment, clarification or change is made 
known, which amendment, clarification, change, action, pronouncement or decision is 
effective or such action, pronouncement or decision is announced on or after the issue date 
of the most recent Tranche of the Notes. 
"Redemption Amount" means, in the case of any redemption of the Notes on any 
redemption date, the Outstanding Principal Amount of the Notes on such redemption date 
together with interest accrued (if any) from (and including) the Interest Payment Date 
immediately preceding such redemption date (or, if none, the Issue Date) to (but 
excluding) such redemption date (except for interest which is cancelled in accordance with 
these Terms and Conditions). 
A "Tax Event" will occur if the Issuer has received an opinion of counsel in the Kingdom 
of Norway (experienced in such matters) to the effect that, as a result of a Change in Law: 
(i) 
the Issuer is, or will be, subject to additional taxes, duties or other governmental 
charges or civil liabilities with respect to the Notes; or 
(ii) 
the Issuer is not, or will not be, entitled to claim a deduction in respect of any 
payments of interest in respect of the Notes in computing its taxation liabilities 
(or such deduction would be materially reduced); or 
(iii) 
the treatment of any of the Issuer's items of income or expense with respect to the 
Notes as reflected on the tax returns (including estimated returns) filed (or to be 
filed) by the Issuer will not be respected by a taxing authority, which subjects the 
Issuer to additional taxes, duties or other governmental charges. 
A "Withholding Tax Event" will occur if the Issuer has received an opinion of counsel 
in the Kingdom of Norway (experienced in such matters) to the effect that, as a result of a 
Change in Law, the Issuer is or will be required to pay additional amounts as provided in 
Condition 9. 
(c) 
Redemption at the Option of the Issuer (Issuer Call) 
Subject to the provisions of Condition 8(h), if Issuer Call is specified in the applicable 
Final Terms, the Issuer shall, having given not less than five nor more than 60 days' notice 
(or not less than any other minimum period of notice nor more than any other maximum 
period of notice as may be specified in the applicable Final Terms) to the Agent, (in the 
case of a redemption of Registered Notes) the Registrar, (in the case of a redemption of 
VPS Notes) the VPS Account Manager and the Noteholders in accordance with Condition 
17 (which notice shall, subject as provided in Condition 8(i) below, be irrevocable and

--- Page 174 ---
159 
shall specify the date fixed for redemption), redeem all (but not some only) of the Notes 
then outstanding on any Optional Redemption Date at their Redemption Amount. 
The (or the first) Optional Redemption Date shall not fall earlier than the fifth anniversary 
of the issue date of the most recent Tranche of the Notes. 
(d) 
Redemption at the Option of the Issuer (Residual Holding Call) 
If (i) Residual Holding Call Option is specified in the applicable Final Terms as being 
applicable, and (ii) if at any time 75 per cent. or such other percentage specified in the 
applicable Final Terms (the "Residual Holding Percentage") or more of the aggregate 
nominal amount of Notes originally issued (and, for this purpose, any further Notes issued 
pursuant to Condition 19 which are consolidated and form a single Series with the Notes 
shall be deemed to have been originally issued) shall have been redeemed or purchased 
and cancelled, the Issuer shall have the option, subject to the provisions of Condition 8(h), 
to redeem all (but not some only) of the remaining outstanding Notes at any time (if this 
Note is not a Floating Rate Note) or on any Interest Payment Date (if this Note is a Floating 
Rate Note) in whole, but not in part, at their Redemption Amount. 
The Issuer will give not less than five nor more than 60 days' notice to the Agent (and, in 
the case of VPS Notes, the VPS Account Manager) and, in accordance with Condition 17, 
the holders of Notes (which notice to the holders shall, subject as provided in Condition 
8(i) below, be irrevocable and shall specify the date of redemption) of any such redemption 
pursuant to this Condition 8(d). 
(e) 
Purchases 
Subject to the provisions of Condition 8(h), the Issuer or any of its Subsidiaries may 
purchase Notes (provided that, in the case of definitive Bearer Notes, all unmatured 
Coupons and Talons appertaining thereto are purchased therewith) at any price in the open 
market or otherwise. Such Notes may be held, reissued, resold or, at the option of the 
Issuer, surrendered to any Paying Agent and/or the Registrar for cancellation. 
(f) 
Cancellation 
All Notes which are redeemed will forthwith be cancelled (together with, in the case of 
definitive Bearer Notes, all unmatured Coupons attached thereto or surrendered therewith 
at the time of redemption). All Notes so cancelled and the Notes purchased and cancelled 
pursuant to Condition 8(e) (together, in the case of definitive Bearer Notes, with all 
unmatured Coupons cancelled therewith) shall be forwarded to the Agent and, in the case 
of VPS Notes, shall be deleted from the records of the VPS and cannot be reissued or 
resold. 
(g) 
Substitution and Variation 
If at any time a Capital Event, a Withholding Tax Event or a Tax Event occurs and is 
continuing, or in order to ensure the effectiveness and enforceability of Condition 22, the 
Issuer may, subject to the provisions of Condition 8(h) (without any requirement for the 
consent or approval of the Noteholders or the Couponholders) on giving not less than five 
nor more than 60 days' notice (or not less than any other minimum period of notice nor 
more than any other maximum period of notice as may be specified in the applicable Final 
Terms) to the Agent (and, in the case of VPS Notes, the VPS Account Manager) and, in 
accordance with Condition 17, the Noteholders (which notice shall be irrevocable) either 
substitute all (but not some only) of the Notes for, or vary the terms of the Notes 
(including, without limitation, changing the governing law of Condition 22, from 
Norwegian law to English law) and/or the terms of the Agency Agreement so that they 
remain or, as appropriate, become, Compliant Additional Tier 1 Securities (as defined 
below), provided that such substitution or variation does not itself give rise to any right 
of the Issuer to redeem the substituted or varied securities that are inconsistent with the 
redemption provisions of the Notes.

--- Page 175 ---
160 
The Notes may only be substituted or varied, as the case may be, if the Issuer has delivered 
to the Agent and, in the case of VPS Notes, to the VPS Account Manager (in each case, 
to make available at the Agent's or VPS Account Manager's specified office (as applicable) 
for inspection by the holders of the Notes) a certificate signed by two Directors of the 
Issuer in the form described in the definition of Compliant Additional Tier 1 Securities in 
accordance with the provisions thereof, which certificate shall be conclusive and binding 
on the holders of the Notes. 
"Compliant Additional Tier 1 Securities" means securities (whether debt, equity or 
otherwise) issued directly by the Issuer or another member of the Group and 
unconditionally and irrevocably guaranteed by the Issuer where such securities and/or 
such guarantee, as appropriate: 
(a) 
(other than in the case of a change to the governing law of Condition 22 to English 
law in order to ensure the effectiveness and enforceability of Condition 22) have 
terms not materially less favourable to the Noteholders as a class than the terms 
of the Notes (as reasonably determined by the Issuer, and provided that a 
certification to such effect of two Directors of the Issuer shall have been delivered 
to the Agent and, in the case of VPS Notes, to the VPS Account Manager not less 
than five Business Days prior to (i) in the case of a substitution of the Notes, the 
issue of the relevant securities or (ii) in the case of a variation of the Notes, such 
variation, as the case may be), and, subject thereto, they shall (1) have a ranking 
at least equal to that of the Notes prior to such substitution or variation, as the 
case may be, (2) have the same Specified Currency, at least the same interest rate 
and the same Interest Payment Dates as those from time to time applying to the 
Notes prior to such substitution or variation, as the case may be, (3) have the same 
redemption rights as the Notes prior to such substitution or variation, as the case 
may be, (4) comply with the then current requirements of the Applicable Banking 
Regulations in relation to Additional Tier 1 Capital, (5) preserve any existing 
rights under the Notes to any accrued interest which has not been paid in respect 
of the period from (and including) the Interest Payment Date last preceding the 
date of substitution or variation, as the case may be, or, if none, the Interest 
Commencement Date (but without prejudice to the Issuer's right to cancel such 
amount of interest at any time under the Notes or the Compliant Additional Tier 
1 Securities), and (6) where Notes which have been substituted or varied had a 
published solicited rating from a Rating Agency immediately prior to such 
substitution or variation, each such Rating Agency has ascribed, or announced its 
intention to ascribe, an equal or higher published rating to the relevant Compliant 
Additional Tier 1 Securities (unless any downgrade is solely attributable to the 
effectiveness and enforceability of Condition 22); and 
(b) 
are listed on a recognised stock exchange, if the Notes were listed immediately 
prior to such substitution or variation, as selected by the Issuer. 
In these Terms and Conditions, "Rating Agency" means S&P Global Ratings Europe 
Limited, Moody's Investors Service Limited or Dominion Bond Rating Services or their 
respective successors. 
(h) 
Conditions to Redemption etc. 
No redemption under Conditions 8(b), 8(c) or 8(d), purchase under Condition 8(e), 
cancellation under Condition 8(f), substitution or variation under Condition 8(g) or 
substitution under Condition 18 shall take place unless: 
(i) 
the Issuer has notified the Norwegian FSA of, and the Norwegian FSA has 
consented to, such redemption, purchase, cancellation, substitution, variation or 
modification (as applicable); 
(ii) 
such redemption, purchase, cancellation, substitution, variation or modification 
(as applicable) is in accordance with all applicable laws and regulations, including 
the Applicable Banking Regulations;

--- Page 176 ---
161 
(iii) 
(if and to the extent then required under the Applicable Banking Regulations) in 
respect of a redemption prior to the fifth anniversary of the issue date of the most 
recent Tranche of the Notes (A) in the case of a redemption of the Notes as a 
result of a Withholding Tax Event or a Tax Event, the Issuer has demonstrated to 
the satisfaction of the Norwegian FSA that (1) the tax consequences of such event 
are material and (2) the relevant Change in Law was not reasonably foreseeable 
as at the issue date of the most recent Tranche of the Notes, or (B) in the case of 
redemption upon the occurrence of a Capital Event, the Issuer has demonstrated 
to the satisfaction of the Norwegian FSA that the change (or pending change) in 
the regulatory classification of the Notes was not reasonably foreseeable as at the 
issue date of the most recent Tranche of the Notes; and 
(iv) 
in the case of a redemption of the Notes as a result of a Capital Event, a 
Withholding Tax Event or a Tax Event, or a substitution or variation is being 
effected in order to ensure the effectiveness and enforceability of Condition 22, 
the Issuer has delivered to the Agent and, in the case of VPS Notes, to the VPS 
Account Manager (in each case, to make available at the Agent's or VPS Account 
Manager's specified office (as applicable) for inspection by the holders of the 
Notes) (A) a certificate signed by two Directors of the Issuer stating that the Issuer 
is entitled to effect such redemption and setting forth a statement of facts showing 
that the conditions precedent to the right of the Issuer so to redeem have occurred 
or, as the case may be, that the relevant substitution or variation is being effected 
in order to ensure the effectiveness and enforceability of Condition 22, and (B) in 
the case of a redemption of the Notes as result of a Withholding Tax Event or a 
Tax Event only, the relevant legal opinion referred to in the definition of 
Withholding Tax Event or Tax Event (as the case may be), which certificate and 
opinion shall be conclusive and binding on the holders of the Notes,  
provided that, as regards Conditions 8(h)(i) and 8(h)(iii) above, if, at the time of any 
redemption, purchase, cancellation, substitution, variation or modification of the Notes, 
the prevailing Applicable Banking Regulations permit such redemption, purchase, 
cancellation, substitution, variation or modification only after compliance with one or 
more additional or alternative preconditions to those set out in Conditions 8(h)(i) and 
8(h)(iii) above, the Issuer shall comply (in addition or, as the case may be, in the alternative) 
with such additional and/or alternative precondition(s). 
In addition, notwithstanding any other provision of these Terms and Conditions, if the 
Issuer has elected to repay the Notes but the Solvency Condition is not satisfied in respect 
of the relevant payment on the date scheduled for repayment, the relevant repayment 
notice shall be automatically rescinded and shall be of no force and effect and, 
accordingly, no repayment of the Outstanding Principal Amount of the Notes or any 
interest thereon will be due and payable on the scheduled repayment date, and the Notes 
will continue to remain outstanding on the same basis as if no repayment notice had been 
given. 
The refusal by the Norwegian FSA to provide its consent to any redemption, purchase, 
cancellation, substitution, variation or modification of the Notes will not constitute a 
default under the Notes for any purpose and will not give the Noteholders any enforcement 
rights in respect of the Notes. 
(i) 
Trigger Event Following Notice of Redemption, Substitution or Variation 
If at any time the Issuer has given notice that it intends to redeem, substitute or vary the 
terms of the Notes and, prior to the time of such redemption, substitution or variation, a 
Trigger Event occurs, the relevant redemption, substitution or variation notice shall be 
automatically rescinded and shall be of no force and effect. Accordingly, the Notes will 
not be redeemed, substituted or varied on the proposed date therefor, and instead a Write 
Down of the Notes will occur in accordance with Condition 6. The Issuer will notify the 
Noteholders of such occurrence in accordance with Condition 17 as soon as reasonably 
practicable.

--- Page 177 ---
162 
(j) 
Notice of Redemption Following a Trigger Event 
If at any time the Issuer has given a Write Down Notice, the Issuer shall not subsequently 
give notice that it intends to redeem the Notes until after the Write Down Date specified 
in such Write Down Notice shall have passed. 
9. 
Taxation 
All payments of principal and interest in respect of the Notes and Coupons by or on behalf of the 
Issuer will be made without withholding or deduction for or on account of any present or future 
taxes, duties, assessments or governmental charges of whatever nature imposed or levied by or on 
behalf of any Tax Jurisdiction, unless such withholding or deduction is required by law. In such 
event, in the case of a payment of interest only (and subject to Condition 5), the Issuer will pay 
such additional amounts as shall be necessary in order that the net amounts received by the holders 
of the Notes or Coupons after such withholding or deduction shall equal the respective amounts of 
interest which would otherwise have been receivable in respect of the Notes or Coupons, as the 
case may be, in the absence of such withholding or deduction; except that no such additional 
amounts shall be payable with respect to any Note or Coupon: 
(i) 
presented for payment in the relevant Tax Jurisdiction; or 
(ii) 
presented for payment by or on behalf of a holder who is liable for such taxes, duties, 
assessments or governmental charges in respect of such Note or Coupon by reason of his 
having some connection with the relevant Tax Jurisdiction other than the mere holding of 
such Note or Coupon; or 
(iii) 
presented for payment more than 30 days after the Relevant Date (as defined below) 
except to the extent that the holder thereof would have been entitled to an additional 
amount on presenting the same for payment on such thirtieth day assuming that day to 
have been a Payment Day (as defined in Condition 4(d)). 
As used herein, the "Relevant Date" means the date on which such payment first becomes due, 
except that, if the full amount of the moneys payable has not been duly received by the Agent or 
the Registrar or, in the case of VPS Notes, the holders of the VPS Notes, as the case may be, on 
or prior to such due date, it means the date on which, the full amount of such moneys having been 
so received, notice to that effect is duly given to the Noteholders in accordance with Condition 17. 
As used herein, "Tax Jurisdiction" means (i) the Kingdom of Norway or any political subdivision 
or any authority or agency thereof or therein having power to tax and (ii) any other jurisdiction or 
any political subdivision or any authority or agency thereof or therein having power to tax to which 
the Issuer becomes generally subject in respect of payments of interest on the Notes. 
10. 
Prescription 
The Notes (whether in bearer, registered or uncertificated book-entry form) and Coupons will 
become void unless claims in respect of principal and/or interest are made within a period of 10 
years (in the case of principal) and five years (in the case of interest) after the Relevant Date (as 
defined in Condition 9) therefor. 
There shall not be included in any Coupon sheet issued on exchange of a Talon any Coupon the 
claim for payment in respect of which would be void pursuant to this Condition 10 or Condition 
4(c) or any Talon which would be void pursuant to Condition 4(c). 
11. 
Enforcement 
(a) 
No Events of Default 
There are no events of default in respect of the Notes (nor will a 'resolution' or 'moratorium' 
under Chapter 20 of the Financial Institutions Act in respect of the Issuer constitute an 
event of default in respect of the Notes). Noteholders shall not be entitled at any time to 
file for liquidation or bankruptcy of the Issuer.

--- Page 178 ---
163 
(b) 
Limitation of Remedy 
If (other than pursuant to an Excluded Winding-up) the Issuer is liquidated, dissolved or 
otherwise wound-up by way of public administration, in each case by a court or agency or 
supervisory authority in the Kingdom of Norway having jurisdiction in respect of the same, 
the holder of any Note may prove or claim in such proceedings in respect of such Note, 
such claim being for payment of the Outstanding Principal Amount of such Note at the 
time of commencement of such liquidation, dissolution or winding-up, together with any 
interest accrued and unpaid on such Note (to the extent that the same is not cancelled in 
accordance with the terms of the Notes) from (and including) the Interest Payment Date 
immediately preceding commencement of such liquidation, dissolution or winding-up and 
any other amounts payable on such Note (including any damages payable in respect 
thereof). Such claim shall rank as provided in Condition 2. 
(c) 
Institution of Proceedings 
Subject to Condition 11(a) and without prejudice to Condition 11(b), any Holder may, at 
its discretion and without further notice, institute such proceedings against the Issuer as it 
may think fit to enforce any obligation, condition or provision binding on the Issuer under 
the Notes, provided that the Issuer shall not by virtue of the institution of any proceedings 
be obliged to pay any sum or sums sooner than the same would otherwise have been 
payable by it. 
12. 
No right of set-off, etc. 
Subject to applicable law, no Noteholder may exercise, claim or plead any right of set-off, netting, 
compensation or retention (collectively, "set-off") in respect of any amount owed to it by the Issuer 
in respect of, or arising under or in connection with, the Notes and each Noteholder shall, by virtue 
of its holding of any Note, be deemed to have waived all such rights of set-off. Notwithstanding 
the preceding sentence, if any of the amounts owing to any Noteholder by the Issuer in respect of, 
or arising under or in connection with, the Notes is discharged by set-off, such Noteholder shall, 
subject to applicable law, immediately pay an amount equal to the amount of such discharge to the 
Issuer (or, in the event of its winding-up, dissolution or liquidation, the liquidator or other relevant 
insolvency official with primary responsibility for the winding-up, dissolution or liquidation of the 
Issuer) and, until such time as payment is made, shall hold an amount equal to such amount for the 
Issuer (or the liquidator or such relevant insolvency official (as the case may be)) and accordingly 
any such discharge shall be deemed not to have taken place. 
13. 
Replacement of Notes, Coupons and Talons 
Should any Note, Coupon or Talon be lost, stolen, mutilated, defaced or destroyed, it may be 
replaced at the specified office of the Replacement Agent in the case of Bearer Notes or Coupons, 
or the Registrar outside the United Kingdom in the case of Registered Notes, upon payment by the 
claimant of such costs and expenses as may be incurred in connection therewith and on such terms 
as to evidence and indemnity as the Issuer may reasonably require. Mutilated or defaced Notes, 
Coupons or Talons must be surrendered before replacements will be issued. 
14. 
Transfer and Exchange of Registered Notes 
(a) 
Form of Registered Notes 
Registered Notes of each Tranche sold outside the United States in reliance on Regulation 
S under the United States Securities Act of 1933, as amended (the "Securities Act"), will 
initially be represented by a permanent global Note in registered form, without interest 
coupons (the "Registered Global Note"), which will be deposited with a common 
depositary for Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg, and registered in the name of a 
common nominee of, Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg. 
Subject as otherwise provided in this Condition 14, Registered Notes in definitive form 
may be exchanged or transferred in whole or in part in the authorised denominations for 
one or more definitive Registered Notes of like aggregate nominal amount.

--- Page 179 ---
164 
(b) 
Exchange of interests in Registered Global Notes for Registered Notes in definitive form 
Interests in the Registered Global Note will be exchangeable for Registered Notes in 
definitive form if (i) Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg notifies the Issuer that it 
is unwilling or unable to continue as depositary for such Registered Global Note or (ii) the 
Issuer has been notified that either Euroclear or Clearstream, Luxembourg has been closed 
for business for a continuous period of 14 days (other than by reason of holiday, statutory 
or otherwise) or has announced its intention permanently to cease business or has in fact 
done so, and a successor depositary or alternative clearing system satisfactory to the Issuer 
and the Agent is not available, or (iii) a payment default has occurred and is continuing 
with respect to such Notes, or (iv) if the applicable Final Terms so permit, a written request 
for one or more Registered Notes in definitive form is made by a holder of a beneficial 
interest in a Registered Global Note; provided that in the case of (iv) such written notice 
or request, as the case may be, is submitted to the Registrar by the beneficial owner not 
later than 60 days prior to the requested date of such exchange. Upon the occurrence of 
any of the events described in the preceding sentence, the Issuer will cause the appropriate 
Registered Notes in definitive form to be delivered provided that, notwithstanding the 
above, no Registered Notes in definitive form will be issued until the expiry of the period 
that ends 40 days after completion of the distribution of each Tranche of Notes (the 
"Distribution Compliance Period"). 
(c) 
Transfers of interests in Registered Global Notes 
Prior to expiry of the applicable Distribution Compliance Period, transfers by the holder 
of, or of a beneficial interest in, a Registered Global Note to a transferee in the United 
States or to a U.S. person will only be made pursuant to the Securities Act or an exemption 
therefrom and in accordance with any applicable securities laws of any state of the United 
States or any other jurisdiction, subject to receipt by the Issuer of such satisfactory 
evidence as the Issuer may reasonably require, which may include an opinion of U.S. 
counsel, that such transfer is in compliance with any applicable securities law of any state 
of the United States. 
(d) 
Exchanges and transfers of Registered Notes generally 
Registered Notes may not be exchanged for Bearer Notes and vice versa. 
Holders of Registered Notes in definitive form may exchange such Notes for interests in 
a Registered Global Note of the same type at any time. 
Transfers of beneficial interests in Registered Global Notes will be effected by Euroclear 
or Clearstream, Luxembourg and, in turn, by participants and, if appropriate, indirect 
participants in such clearing systems acting on behalf of beneficial transferors and 
transferees of such interests. A beneficial interest in a Registered Global Note will be 
transferable and exchangeable for Notes in definitive form or for a beneficial interest in 
another Registered Global Note only in accordance with the rules and operating 
procedures for the time being of Euroclear or Clearstream, Luxembourg. 
Upon the terms and subject to the conditions set forth in the Agency Agreement, a 
Registered Note in definitive form may be transferred in whole or in part (in the authorised 
denominations set out in the applicable Final Terms) by the holder or holders surrendering 
the Registered Note for registration of the transfer of the Registered Note (or the relevant 
part of the Registered Note) at the specified office of the Registrar or any Transfer Agent, 
with the form of transfer thereon duly executed by the holder or holders thereof or his or 
their attorney or attorneys duly authorised in writing and upon the Registrar or, as the case 
may be, the relevant Transfer Agent, after due and careful enquiry, being satisfied with 
the documents of title and the identity of the person making the request and subject to such 
reasonable regulations as the Issuer and the Registrar, or as the case may be, the relevant 
Transfer Agent prescribe. Subject as provided above, the Registrar or, as the case may be, 
the relevant Transfer Agent will, within three business days (being for this purpose a day 
on which banks are open for business in the city where the specified office of the Registrar 
or, as the case may be, the relevant Transfer Agent is located) of the request (or such longer

--- Page 180 ---
165 
period as may be required to comply with any applicable fiscal or other laws or 
regulations) authenticate and deliver, or procure the authentication and delivery of, at its 
specified office to the transferee or (at the risk of the transferee) send by mail to such 
address as the transferee may request, a new Registered Note in definitive form of a like 
aggregate nominal amount to the Registered Note (or the relevant part of the Registered 
Note) transferred. In the case of the transfer of part only of a Registered Note in definitive 
form, a new Registered Note in definitive form in respect of the balance of the Registered 
Note not transferred will be so authenticated and delivered or (at the risk of the transferor) 
sent to the transferor. 
Exchanges or transfers by a holder of a Registered Note in definitive form for an interest 
in, or to a person who takes delivery of such Note through, a Registered Global Note will 
be made no later than 60 days after the receipt by the Registrar or as the case may be, 
relevant Transfer Agent of the Registered Note in definitive form to be so exchanged or 
transferred and, if applicable, upon receipt by the Registrar of a written certification from 
the transferor. 
(e) 
Closed Periods 
No Noteholder may require the transfer of a Registered Note to be registered during the 
period of 30 days ending on the due date for any payment of principal or interest on that 
Note. 
(f) 
Costs of exchange or registration 
The costs and expenses of effecting any exchange or registration of transfer pursuant to 
the foregoing provisions (except for the expenses of delivery by other than regular mail 
(if any) and, if the Issuer shall so require, for the payment of a sum sufficient to cover any 
tax or other governmental charge or insurance charges that may be imposed in relation 
thereto which will be borne by the Noteholder) will be borne by the Issuer. 
15. 
Agent, Paying Agents, Transfer Agent, Registrar and VPS Account Manager 
The names of the initial Agent, the initial Registrar and the other initial Paying Agents and the 
initial Transfer Agent and their initial specified offices are set out in the Agency Agreement. 
The Issuer is entitled to vary or terminate the appointment of any Paying Agent or the Registrar or 
any Transfer Agent or any VPS Account Manager or any Calculation Agent and/or appoint 
additional or other Paying Agents or additional or other Registrars, Transfer Agent, VPS Account 
Managers or Calculation Agents and/or approve any change in the specified office through which 
any Paying Agent, Registrar, Transfer Agent, VPS Account Manager or Calculation Agent acts, 
provided that: 
(i) 
so long as the Notes are listed on any stock exchange or admitted to listing by any other 
relevant authority there will at all times be a Paying Agent (which may be the Agent), in 
the case of Bearer Notes, and a Transfer Agent (which may be the Registrar), in the case 
of Registered Notes, with a specified office in such place as may be required by the rules 
and regulations of such stock exchange or other relevant authority; 
(ii) 
there will at all times be a Paying Agent (which may be the Agent) with a specified office 
in a city in Europe outside Norway and each other Tax Jurisdiction (if any) for the time 
being; 
(iii) 
there will at all times be an Agent; 
(iv) 
there will at all times be a Transfer Agent having a specified office in a place approved by 
the Agent; 
(v) 
there will at all times be a Registrar with a specified office outside the United Kingdom 
and, so long as the Notes are listed on any stock exchange, in such place as may be required 
by the rules and regulations of the relevant stock exchange; and

--- Page 181 ---
166 
(vi) 
in the case of VPS Notes, there will at all times be a VPS Account Manager authorised to 
act as an account operating institution with the VPS and one or more Calculation Agent(s) 
where the Terms and Conditions of the relevant VPS Notes so require. 
Any variation, termination, appointment or change shall only take effect (other than in the case of 
insolvency or of a Paying Agent failing to become or ceasing to be a participating foreign financial 
institution for the purposes of the Code, when it shall be of immediate effect) after not less than 30 
nor more than 45 days' prior notice thereof shall have been given to the Noteholders in accordance 
with Condition 17. 
In acting under the Agency Agreement, the Paying Agents act solely as agents of the Issuer and do 
not assume any obligation to, or relationship of agency or trust with, any Noteholders or 
Couponholders. The Agency Agreement contains provisions permitting any entity into which any 
Paying Agent is merged or converted or with which it is consolidated or to which it transfers all or 
substantially all of its assets to become the successor paying agent. 
16. 
Exchange of Talons 
On and after the Interest Payment Date on which the final Coupon comprised in any Coupon sheet 
matures, the Talon forming part of such Coupon sheet may be surrendered at the specified office 
of the Agent or any other Paying Agent in exchange for a further Coupon sheet including (if such 
further Coupon sheet does not include Coupons to (and including) the final date for the payment 
of interest due in respect of the Note to which it appertains) a further Talon, subject to the 
provisions of Condition 10. 
17. 
Notices 
All notices regarding the Bearer Notes shall be published in a leading English language daily 
newspaper of general circulation in London. It is expected that any such publication in a newspaper 
will be made in the Financial Times or any other daily newspaper in London. The Issuer shall also 
ensure that notices are duly published in a manner which complies with the rules and regulations 
of any other stock exchange (or any other relevant authority) on which the Bearer Notes are for the 
time being listed or by which they have been admitted to listing including publication on the 
website of the relevant stock exchange or relevant authority if required by those rules. Any such 
notice will be deemed to have been given on the date of the first publication or, where required to 
be published in more than one newspaper, on the date of the first publication in each such 
newspaper or where published in such newspapers on different dates, the last date of such first 
publication. 
All notices regarding the Registered Notes will be deemed to be validly given if sent by first class 
mail or (if posted to an address overseas) by airmail to the holders (or the first named of joint 
holders) at their respective addresses recorded in the Register (as defined in the Agency 
Agreement) and will be deemed to have been given on the fourth day after mailing and, in addition, 
for so long as any Registered Notes are listed on a stock exchange or are admitted to trading by 
another relevant authority and the rules of that stock exchange or relevant authority so require, 
such notice will be published on the website of the relevant stock exchange or relevant authority 
and/or in a daily newspaper of general circulation in the place or places required by those rules. 
Until such time as any definitive Notes are issued, there may (provided that, in the case of Notes 
listed on a stock exchange, the rules of such stock exchange (or other relevant authority) permit), 
so long as the global Note(s) is or are held in its/their entirety on behalf of Euroclear and/or 
Clearstream, Luxembourg, be substituted for such publication in such newspaper(s) or such 
website(s) or mailing the delivery of the relevant notice to Euroclear and/or Clearstream, 
Luxembourg, as the case may be, for communication by them to the holders of the Notes. Any 
such notice shall be deemed to have been given to the holders of the Notes on the day on which 
the said notice was given to Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg, as the case may be. 
Notices to be given by any holder of the Notes shall be in writing and given by lodging the same, 
together with the relative Note or Notes, with the Agent (in the case of Bearer Notes) or the 
Registrar (in the case of Registered Notes). Whilst any of the Notes is represented by a global Note, 
such notice may be given by any holder of a Note to the Agent or the Registrar via Euroclear and/or

--- Page 182 ---
167 
Clearstream, Luxembourg, as the case may be, in such manner as the Agent and/or the Registrar 
and/or Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg, as the case may be, may approve for this 
purpose. 
In the case of VPS Notes, notices shall be given in accordance with the procedures of the VPS. 
18. 
Meetings of Noteholders, Modification and Substitution 
(a) 
Meetings of Noteholders 
(i) 
Holders of Bearer Notes and/or Registered Notes 
The Agency Agreement contains provisions for convening meetings of the 
holders of Notes (which meetings may be held at a physical place, by way of 
teleconference or videoconference (or similar electronic platform) or a 
combination of the foregoing) to consider any matter affecting their interests, 
including the sanctioning by Extraordinary Resolution of a modification of the 
Notes or any of the provisions of the Agency Agreement. The Issuer may modify 
or vary such provisions for convening meetings to reflect the requirements from 
time to time of Euroclear, Clearstream, Luxembourg. Any such modification or 
variation will be notified to the Noteholders in accordance with Condition 17. 
Such a meeting may be convened by the Issuer and shall be convened by the 
Issuer if required in writing by Noteholders holding not less than 5 per cent. in 
nominal amount of the Notes for the time being remaining outstanding (as defined 
in the Agency Agreement). The quorum at any such meeting for passing an 
Extraordinary Resolution is one or more persons holding or representing not less 
than 50 per cent. in nominal amount of the Notes for the time being outstanding, 
or at any adjourned meeting one or more persons being or representing 
Noteholders whatever the nominal amount of the Notes so held or represented, 
except that at any meeting the business of which includes the modification of 
certain provisions of the Notes or the Coupons (including, but not limited to, (i) 
an amendment to any date for payment of interest in respect of the Notes; (ii) 
(without prejudice to Condition 6) a reduction or cancellation in the nominal 
amount or any other amount payable on redemption of the Notes; (iii) (without 
prejudice to Condition 2(e) or Condition 5) a reduction in the rate of interest in 
respect of the Notes or a variation in the method of calculating the rate or amount 
of interest or the basis for calculating any interest amount in respect any Note; 
(iv) a variation to any basis for calculating the Redemption Amount of any Note; 
(v) a variation to the currency of payments in respect of the Notes; (vi) modifying 
the provisions concerning the Write Down and/or Discretionary Reinstatement of 
the Notes; (vii) certain modifications to the quorum and voting provisions set out 
in the Agency Agreement; (viii) altering the currency of payment of the Notes or 
the Coupons; or (ix) amending the Deed of Covenant), the quorum shall be one 
or more persons holding or representing not less than two-thirds in aggregate 
nominal amount of the Notes for the time being outstanding, or at any adjourned 
such meeting one or more persons holding or representing not less than one-third 
in aggregate nominal amount of the Notes for the time being outstanding. An 
Extraordinary Resolution passed at any meeting of the Noteholders shall be 
binding on all the Noteholders, whether or not they are present at the meeting, 
and on all Couponholders. 
The Agency Agreement also provides that a resolution in writing signed by or on 
behalf of the holders of not less than three-fourths in aggregate nominal amount 
of the Notes for the time being outstanding, or consent given by way of electronic 
consents through the relevant clearing systems by or on behalf of the holders of 
not less than three-fourths in aggregate nominal amount of the Notes for the time 
being outstanding, shall also be effective as an Extraordinary Resolution. An 
Extraordinary Resolution passed by way of resolution in writing or electronic 
consents given through the clearing systems shall be binding on all the holders of 
Notes, whether or not signing the written resolution or providing their consents 
in electronic form.

--- Page 183 ---
168 
(ii) 
Holders of VPS Notes 
The Agency Agreement contains provisions for convening meetings of the 
Noteholders to consider any matter affecting their interests, including the 
sanctioning by Extraordinary Resolution of a modification of the VPS Notes or 
any of the provisions of the Agency Agreement. Such a meeting may be convened 
by the Issuer and shall be convened by the Issuer if required in writing by 
Noteholders holding not less than 5 per cent. in nominal amount of the VPS Notes 
for the time being remaining outstanding. The quorum at any such meeting for 
passing an Extraordinary Resolution is one or more persons holding a certificate 
(dated no earlier than 14 days prior to the meeting) from either the VPS or the 
VPS Account Manager stating that the holder is entered into the records of the 
VPS as a Noteholder or representing not less than 50 per cent. in nominal amount 
of the VPS Notes for the time being outstanding and providing an undertaking 
that no transfers or dealing have taken place or will take place in the relevant VPS 
Notes until the conclusion of the meeting, or at any adjourned meeting one or 
more persons being or representing Noteholders whatever the nominal amount of 
the Notes so held or represented, except that at any meeting the business of which 
includes the modification of certain provisions of the VPS Notes or the Agency 
Agreement (including, but not limited to, (i) an amendment to any date for 
payment of interest in respect of the VPS Notes; (ii) (without prejudice to 
Condition 6) a reduction or cancellation in the nominal amount or any other 
amount payable on redemption of the VPS Notes; (iii) (without prejudice to 
Condition 2(e) or Condition 5) a reduction in the rate of interest in respect of the 
VPS Notes or a variation in the method of calculating the rate or amount of 
interest or the basis for calculating any interest amount in respect any VPS Note; 
(iv) a variation to any basis for calculating the Redemption Amount of any VPS 
Note; (v) a variation to the currency of payments in respect of the VPS Notes; (vi) 
modifying the provisions concerning the Write Down and/or Discretionary 
Reinstatement of the VPS Notes; (vii) certain modifications to the quorum and 
voting provisions set out in the Agency Agreement; or (viii) altering the currency 
of payment of the VPS Notes), the quorum shall be one or more persons holding 
or representing not less than two-thirds in aggregate nominal amount of the Notes 
for the time being outstanding, or at any adjourned such meeting one or more 
persons holding or representing not less than one-third in aggregate nominal 
amount of the Notes for the time being outstanding. An Extraordinary Resolution 
passed at any meeting of the Noteholders shall be binding on all the Noteholders, 
whether or not they are present at the meeting. 
For the purposes of a meeting of Noteholders, the person named in the certificate 
from the VPS or the VPS Account Manager described above shall be treated as 
the holder of the VPS Notes specified in such certificate provided that he has 
given an undertaking not to transfer the VPS Notes so specified (prior to the close 
of the meeting). 
(b) 
Modification 
The Agent and the Issuer may agree, without the consent of the Noteholders or 
Couponholders, to any modification of the Notes, the Deed of Covenant or the Agency 
Agreement (i) which the Issuer in its sole opinion considers is of a formal, minor or 
technical nature or to comply with mandatory provisions of Norwegian law, (ii) which the 
Issuer in its sole opinion considers is to correct a manifest error or (iii) which the Issuer 
deems in its sole opinion is not materially prejudicial to the interests of the Noteholders. 
In addition, the Agent shall be obliged to concur with the Issuer without the consent of the 
Noteholders or Couponholders (i) in effecting any Benchmark Amendments the 
circumstances and as otherwise set out in Condition 3(d) or (ii) in effecting any 
Benchmark Replacement Adjustment and/or Benchmark Replacement Conforming 
Changes in the circumstances and as otherwise set out in Condition 3(e) or (iii) to any 
substitution or variation pursuant to Condition 8(g), where applicable. Any such 
modification shall be binding on the Noteholders and the Couponholders and any such

--- Page 184 ---
169 
modification shall be notified to the Noteholders in accordance with Condition 17 as soon 
as practicable thereafter. 
In any determination of whether or not an amendment is materially prejudicial to the 
interests of the holders of the Notes, regard shall be had to the general interests of the 
holders of Notes as a class, but no regard shall be had to any interests arising from 
circumstances particular to individual holders of Notes, whatever their number. In 
particular, but without limitation, no regard shall be had to the consequences of any such 
exercise for individual holders of Notes (whatever their number) resulting from their being 
for any purpose domiciled or resident in, or otherwise connected with, or subject to the 
jurisdiction of, any particular territory or any political sub-division thereof and no holder 
of Notes shall be entitled to claim, from the Issuer or any other person, any indemnification 
or payment in respect of any tax consequences of any such modification upon individual 
holders of Notes (except to the extent already provided for in Condition 9). 
(c) 
Substitution of the Issuer 
The Issuer may, without the consent of the Noteholders, elect to substitute a subsidiary or 
parent company of the Issuer, or its successor in business, in place of the Issuer as principal 
debtor under the Notes (each such substitute being hereinafter referred to as the 
"Substitute Obligor") provided that in each case: 
(i) 
the Notes are (other than where the Substitute Obligor is the successor in business) 
unconditionally and irrevocably guaranteed by the Issuer, pursuant to a deed of 
guarantee, on a basis equivalent to the ranking of the Notes; 
(ii) 
the Substitute Obligor shall execute a deed poll pursuant to which it undertakes 
and assumes the obligations of the Issuer in respect of the Notes (including its 
obligations under the Deed of Covenant) as fully as if the Substitute Obligor had 
been named in the Notes as the principal debtor in place of the Issuer (or of any 
previous Substitute Obligor, as the case may be); 
(iii) 
two directors of the Substitute Obligor certify to the Agent (such certification to 
be made available at the Agent's specified office for inspection by holders of the 
Notes) that (i) it has obtained all necessary governmental and regulatory 
approvals and consents necessary for its assumptions of the duties and liabilities 
as Substitute Obligor under the Notes in place of the Issuer or, as the case may be, 
any previous Substitute Obligor and (ii) such approvals and consents are at the 
time of substitution in full force and effect; 
(iv) 
two directors of the Substitute Obligor certify to the Agent (such certification to 
be made available at the Agent's specified office for inspection by holders of the 
Notes) that the Substitute Obligor is solvent at the time at which the substitution 
is proposed to be in effect, and immediately thereafter; and 
(v) 
if the Notes are rated (where such rating was assigned at the request of the Issuer) 
by one or more credit rating agencies of international standing immediately prior 
to such substitution, the Notes shall continue to be rated by each such rating 
agency immediately following such substitution, and each credit rating agency 
shall have confirmed that the credit ratings assigned to the Notes by each such 
credit rating agency immediately following such substitution are expected to be 
no lower than those assigned to the Notes immediately prior thereto. 
In connection with any such substitution, the Issuer and/or the Substitute Obligor may, 
without the need for the approval of the Noteholders, make such consequential 
amendments to the Terms and Conditions of the Notes as may appropriate to reflect such 
assumption of obligations by the Substitute Obligor, provided that such amendments are 
not materially prejudicial to the interests of the Noteholders. Such amendments may 
include that references in these Terms and Conditions to the Kingdom of Norway may be 
amended to include (in addition or in the alternative to, as appropriate, the Kingdom of

--- Page 185 ---
170 
Norway) the jurisdiction of incorporation (or, in the case of the definition of "Tax 
Jurisdiction", each relevant tax jurisdiction) of such Substitute Obligor. 
Any substitution effected in accordance with this Condition 18(c), and any such 
consequential amendments made to the Terms and Conditions in accordance with this 
Condition 18, shall be binding on the Noteholders and shall be notified promptly by the 
Issuer to the Noteholders in accordance with Condition 17. 
As used herein, "successor in business" means, in relation to the Issuer (or any previous 
Substitute Obligor, as the case may be), any company which as a result of any 
amalgamation, merger or reconstruction, beneficially owns the whole or substantially the 
whole of the undertaking, property and assets owned by the Issuer prior to such 
amalgamation, merger, reconstruction or agreement coming into force and carries on as 
successor to the Issuer the whole or substantially the whole of the business carried on by 
the Issuer immediately prior thereto. 
(d) 
Conditions to Amendment, Modification and Substitution 
Any amendment to or modification of the Terms and Conditions of the Notes and any 
substitution of the Issuer as provided in this Condition 18 shall be subject to the provisions 
of Condition 8(h). 
19. 
Further Issues 
The Issuer shall be at liberty from time to time (except at any time when the Outstanding Principal 
Amount is less than the Original Principal Amount), without the consent of the Noteholders or 
Couponholders, to create and issue further notes having terms and conditions the same as the Notes 
or the same in all respects save for the issue date, the issue price and the amount and date of the 
first payment of interest thereon and so that the same shall be consolidated and form a single Series 
with the outstanding Notes provided, however, that in the case of any issue of Notes in registered 
form, for purposes of U.S. federal income taxation (regardless of whether any Noteholders are 
subject to U.S. federal income tax laws), such further notes are either (i) not issued with original 
issue discount, (ii) issued with less than a de minimis amount of original issue discount, or (iii) 
issued in a "qualified reopening" for U.S. federal income tax purposes. 
20. 
Third-Party Rights 
No rights are conferred on any person under the Contracts (Rights of Third Parties) Act 1999 to 
enforce any term of this Note, but this does not affect any right or remedy of any person which 
exists or is available apart from that Act. 
21. 
Governing Law and Submission to Jurisdiction 
(a) 
The Agency Agreement, the Deed of Covenant, the Notes and the Coupons and any non-
contractual obligations arising therefrom or in connection therewith are governed by, and 
shall be construed in accordance with, English law except for (i) the provisions of 
Conditions 2, 6, 7 and 12 and any non-contractual obligations arising therefrom or in 
connection therewith; (ii) any other write-down or conversion of the Notes in accordance 
with Norwegian law and regulation applicable to the Issuer from time to time; and (iii) the 
creation and issue of VPS Notes and the registration and transfer of VPS Notes in VPS 
and the provisions of Condition 18(a)(ii) relating to meetings of the holders of VPS Notes 
and any non-contractual obligations arising therefrom or in connection therewith, which 
in each case shall be governed by, and shall be construed in accordance with, Norwegian 
law. VPS Notes must comply with the Norwegian Act relating to Central Securities 
Depositories and Securities Settlement etc. of 15 March 2019 no. 6, as amended from time 
to time and the holders of VPS Notes will be entitled to the rights and are subject to the 
obligations and liabilities which arise under this Act and any related regulations and 
legislation.  
(b) 
The Issuer agrees, for the exclusive benefit of the Paying Agents, the Noteholders and the 
Couponholders that the courts of England are to have jurisdiction to settle any disputes 
which may arise out of or in connection with the Agency Agreement, the Deed of

--- Page 186 ---
171 
Covenant, the Notes and/or the Coupons (including a dispute relating to any non-
contractual obligations arising therefrom or in connection therewith) and that accordingly 
any suit, action or proceedings (together referred to as "Proceedings") arising out of or in 
connection with the Agency Agreement, the Notes and the Coupons (including any 
Proceedings relating to any non-contractual obligations arising out of or in connection 
therewith) may be brought in such courts. 
The Issuer hereby irrevocably waives any objection which it may have now or hereafter to the 
laying of the venue of any such Proceedings in any such court and any claim that any such 
Proceedings have been brought in an inconvenient forum and hereby further irrevocably agrees 
that a judgment in any such Proceedings brought in the English courts shall be conclusive and 
binding upon it and may be enforced in the courts of any other jurisdiction. 
Nothing contained in this Condition 21 shall limit any right to take Proceedings against the Issuer 
in any other court of competent jurisdiction, nor shall the taking of Proceedings in one or more 
jurisdictions preclude the taking of Proceedings in any other jurisdiction, whether concurrently or 
not. 
The Issuer appoints DNB Bank ASA (London Branch) at its registered office for the time being at 
8th Floor, The Walbrook Building, 25 Walbrook, London, EC4N 8AF as its agent for service of 
process, and undertakes that, in the event of DNB Bank ASA (London Branch) ceasing so to act 
or ceasing to be registered in England, it will appoint another person as its agent for service of 
process in England in respect of any Proceedings. 
Nothing herein shall affect the right to serve proceedings in any other manner permitted by law. 
22. 
Contractual Recognition of Norwegian Statutory Loss Absorption Powers 
(a) 
Agreement, acknowledgement and consent with respect to the exercise of the Norwegian 
Statutory Loss Absorption Powers 
Notwithstanding and to the exclusion of any other term of the Notes or any other 
agreements, arrangements or understanding between the Issuer and any Noteholder 
(which, for the purposes of this Condition 22, includes each holder of a beneficial interest 
in the Notes), by its acquisition of any Note, each Noteholder acknowledges and accepts 
that any liability arising under the Notes may be subject to the exercise of Norwegian 
Statutory Loss Absorption Powers by the Relevant Resolution Authority and 
acknowledges, accepts, consents to and agrees to be bound by: 
(i) 
the effect of the exercise of any Norwegian Statutory Loss Absorption Powers by 
the Relevant Resolution Authority, which exercise may include and result in 
(without limitation) any of the following, or a combination thereof: 
(A) 
the reduction of all, or a portion, of the Relevant Amounts in respect of 
the Notes; 
(B) 
the conversion of all, or a portion, of the Relevant Amounts in respect of 
the Notes into shares, other securities or other obligations of the Issuer 
or another person, and the issue to or conferral on the Noteholder of such 
shares, securities or obligations, including by means of an amendment, 
modification or variation of the terms of the Notes; 
(C) 
the cancellation of the Notes or the Relevant Amounts in respect of the 
Notes; and 
(D) 
the amendment or alteration of the duration of the Notes or amendment 
of the amount of interest payable on the Notes, or the date(s) on which 
interest becomes payable, including by suspending payment for a 
temporary period; and

--- Page 187 ---
172 
(ii) 
the variation of the terms of the Notes, as deemed necessary by the Relevant 
Resolution Authority, to give effect to the exercise of any Norwegian Statutory 
Loss Absorption Powers by the Relevant Resolution Authority. 
(b) 
Payment of Interest and Other Outstanding Relevant Amounts 
No repayment or payment of Relevant Amount in relation to the Notes will become due 
and payable or be paid after the exercise of any Norwegian Statutory Loss Absorption 
Powers by the Relevant Resolution Authority if and to the extent such amounts have been 
reduced, converted, written-down, cancelled, amended or altered as a result of such 
exercise. 
(c) 
No Default 
Neither a reduction or cancellation, in part or in full, of the Relevant Amount, the 
conversion thereof into another security or obligation of the Issuer or another person, as a 
result of the exercise of any Norwegian Statutory Loss Absorption Powers by the Relevant 
Resolution Authority with respect to the Issuer, nor the exercise of any Norwegian 
Statutory Loss Absorption Powers by the Relevant Resolution Authority with respect to 
the Notes will constitute an event of default under the Notes. 
(d) 
Notice 
Upon the exercise of any Norwegian Statutory Loss Absorption Powers by the Relevant 
Resolution Authority with respect to any Notes, the Issuer shall as soon as reasonably 
practicable notify the Agent in writing of such exercise and give notice of the same to 
Noteholders in accordance with Condition 17. Any delay or failure by the Issuer in 
delivering any notice referred to in this Condition 22 shall not affect the validity and 
enforceability of any Norwegian Statutory Loss Absorption Powers by the Relevant 
Resolution Authority. 
In this Condition 22: 
"Norwegian Statutory Loss Absorption Powers" means any write-down, conversion, transfer, 
modification, suspension or similar or related power existing from time to time under, and 
exercised in compliance with, any laws, regulations, rules or requirements in effect in the Kingdom 
of Norway, relating to (i) the transposition into Norwegian law of Directive 2014/59/EU as 
amended or superseded from time to time (including pursuant to the Applicable Banking 
Regulations), and (ii) the instruments, rules and standards created thereunder, pursuant to which 
any obligation of the Issuer (or any affiliate of the Issuer) can be reduced, cancelled, modified, or 
converted into shares, other securities or other obligations of the Issuer or any other person (or 
suspended for a temporary period); 
"Relevant Amounts" means the Outstanding Principal Amount of the Notes, together with any 
accrued but unpaid interest and additional amounts due on the Notes and any other amounts which 
may otherwise be or become payable at any time in connection with the Notes. References to such 
amounts will include (but are not limited to) amounts that have become due and payable, but which 
have not been paid, prior to the exercise of any Norwegian Statutory Loss Absorption Powers by 
the Relevant Resolution Authority; and 
"Relevant Resolution Authority" means the (or each) resolution authority with the ability to exercise any 
Norwegian Statutory Loss Absorption Powers in relation to the Issuer.

--- Page 188 ---
173 
USE OF PROCEEDS 
The Notes will form part of the Issuer’s capital base and the net proceeds from each Tranche of Notes will, 
unless otherwise specified in the applicable Final Terms or, as the case may be, the applicable Pricing 
Supplement, be used by the Issuer for general corporate purposes, including the repayment of borrowings 
incurred in the ordinary course of business. 
The estimated net amount of proceeds of each Tranche of Notes (other than Exempt Notes) will be stated 
in the applicable Final Terms.

--- Page 189 ---
174 
DESCRIPTION OF THE ISSUER AND THE DNB GROUP 
In addition to the below, please refer to the information incorporated herein by reference as set out in the 
“Documents Incorporated by Reference” section above.  
The financial information contained in this section relating to the three-month and twelve-month period 
ended 31 December 2023 has been extracted from the Bank’s unaudited consolidated financial statements 
as of and for the three months ended 31 December 2023 (the “Fourth Quarter Report”) as incorporated 
by reference in this Base Prospectus. The financial information contained in this section relating to the 
year ended 31 December 2022 has been extracted from the Bank’s audited consolidated financial 
statements as of and for the year ended 31 December 2022 (the “2022 Annual Financial Statements”) as 
incorporated by reference in this Base Prospectus. The financial information contained in this section 
relating to the year ended 31 December 2021 has been extracted from the Bank’s audited consolidated 
financial statements as of and for the year ended 31 December 2021 (the “2021 Annual Financial 
Statements”) as incorporated by reference in this Base Prospectus. 
Overview 
The DNB Group is Norway’s largest financial services group as measured by total assets, with total assets 
of NOK 3,440 billion as of 31 December 2023, compared to NOK 3,233 billion as of 31 December 2022. 
The DNB Group offers corporate, retail and investment banking services and products to customers in 
Norway and internationally, in addition to life insurance and pension saving products and asset management 
services through its wholly owned subsidiaries DNB Livsforsikring and DNB Asset Management, 
respectively. As of 31 December 2023, the DNB Group had loans to customers of NOK 1,997 billion 
compared to NOK 1,961 billion as of 31 December 2022. The DNB Group’s profit for the twelve months 
ended 31 December 2023 was NOK 39.5 billion, compared to NOK 33.4 billion for the year ended 31 
December 2022.  
The DNB Group conducts its operations through the Bank and its subsidiaries, as set forth below in “—
Legal Structure of the DNB Group”. The DNB Group offers a full range of financial services, including 
loans, savings and investment, payment transfers, advisory services, real estate broking, insurance and 
pension products for personal and corporate customers. The DNB Group is among the world’s leading 
banks within its international priority areas, especially the energy, shipping and seafood sectors. The Bank 
wholly owns Boligkreditt, a company which provides loans secured by residential property for up to 75.0 
per cent. of the property’s appraised value.  Boligkreditt is licensed to operate as a mortgage institution 
with the right to issue covered bonds and has a key role in ensuring the DNB Group’s long-term funding. 
The Bank offers telephone and online banking and has a physical presence in 16 countries through its 
branch offices, subsidiaries and representative offices, and throughout Norway through its in-store banking 
outlets and branch offices.  
The merger of DNB ASA and DNB Bank ASA, with DNB Bank ASA as the surviving company, was 
completed on 1 July 2021. For further information on the merger, see “—The Merger”. The merger was 
completed with tax and accounting continuity. As part of the merger, DNB ASA’s ownership of the wholly 
owned subsidiaries DNB Livsforsikring and DNB Asset Management, as well as its 35 per cent. ownership 
interest in Fremtind Forsikring AS, were transferred to DNB Bank ASA. 
In accordance with the requirements of the Norwegian regulatory authorities, the banking, asset 
management and insurance activities of the DNB Group are currently performed by separate parts of the 
DNB Group. All asset management activities are organised under a common holding company, DNB Asset 
Management Holding AS. DNB Livsforsikring offers life insurance and pension saving products, both 
products with guaranteed returns and products with a choice of investment profile. Banking activities are 
conducted by the Bank and certain subsidiaries of the Bank. Fremtind Forsikring AS offers non-life 
(property and casualty) insurance products to retail and corporate customers. As of 31 December 2023, the 
Bank held an ownership share of 35 per cent. in Fremtind Forsikring AS.

--- Page 190 ---
175 
Following the completion of the merger, DNB ASA was dissolved and the shares in DNB Bank ASA were 
simultaneously listed on Oslo Børs, with trading having commenced on 2 July 2021. 
As of 31 December 2023, the DNB Group had approximately 2 million private customers and 228 thousand 
corporate customers. 
History of the Bank 
The Bank traces its roots back to 1822, when Norway’s first savings bank, Christiana Sparebank, was 
founded. The Bank was formed through mergers of several Norwegian banks. The name DnB NOR Bank 
ASA was adopted in 2003, when DnB Holding ASA and Gjensidige NOR ASA merged. The Bank’s 
subsidiaries of DNB Holding ASA and Gjensidige NOR ASA, Den norske Bank ASA and Gjensidige NOR 
Sparebank ASA, respectively, merged on 19 January 2004.  
On 11 November 2011, the Bank changed its name from DnB NOR Bank ASA to DNB Bank ASA. On the 
same date, several other DNB Group companies changed their names, including the holding company of 
the DNB Group, which changed its name from DnB NOR ASA to DNB ASA. 
On 30 September 2019, DNB completed the sale of part of its ownership interest in Luminor to a consortium 
led by private equity funds managed by Blackstone. As of 31 December 2023, the DNB Group holds a 
19.95 per cent. stake in the Luminor Group through its wholly owned subsidiary DNB Baltic Invest AB.  
The registered office of the Bank is at Dronning Eufemias gate 30, N-0191 Oslo, Norway and its telephone 
number is +47 915 04800. The Bank is a public limited company (in Norwegian: allmennaksjeselskap) 
incorporated on 10 September 2002, with registration number 984 851 006. 
Recent and Planned Changes 
In June 2021, the DNB Group launched its revitalised sustainability strategy. Sustainability is integrated 
into all parts of the DNB Group’s business operations and supports the DNB Group’s strategic ambitions 
to create the best customer experiences, ensure compliance and deliver on financial targets. The DNB Group 
will be a driving force for sustainable transition and use its position and expertise to actively help the 
customers to move in a more sustainable direction, through advisory services, financing and clear 
requirements. The DNB Group will primarily use positive influence but may also choose not to provide 
financing to certain companies or industries that are not in line with its strategy. The DNB Group’s 
sustainable strategy focuses on three priority areas: 
• 
The DNB Group finances the climate transition and is a driving force for sustainable value 
creation. 
• 
The DNB Group is a driving force for diversity and inclusion. 
• 
The DNB Group combats financial crime and contributes to a secure digital economy. 
On 17 October 2023, the DNB Group published its transition plan. The transition plan is a continuation of 
the sustainability ambitions launched in 2021 and is an important strategic tool to help understand the 
business implications of the DNB Group’s net-zero commitment, and to navigate the challenges and 
opportunities presented by climate change and the transition to a low-carbon economy. The transition plan 
includes targets covering around 70 per cent. of the financed emissions in the DNB Group’s lending 
portfolio. The DNB Group also set targets for activities where the group invests on behalf of the customers 
(through DNB Asset Management, DNB Livsforsikring and DNB Næringseiendom).

--- Page 191 ---
176 
In March 2022, the Bank acquired a majority of the shares of the Norwegian bank Sbanken ASA 
(“Sbanken”). Pursuant to a compulsory acquisition of the remaining shares, Sbanken became a wholly 
owned subsidiary of the Bank in April 2022. Following the completion of the acquisition, the Bank and 
Sbanken merged in May 2023. The merger was carried out by Sbanken transferring all its business, 
including all assets, rights and obligations, to the Bank as the acquiring company in the merger. No merger 
consideration was paid. Sbanken Boligkreditt AS and Boligkreditt merged on 4 September 2023. The 
acquisition of Sbanken reduced the CET1 Ratio of the DNB Group by approximately 125 basis points with 
effect from the first quarter of 2022. 
On 30 June 2021, the Bank's associated company, Vipps, signed a merger agreement with the Danish 
company, MobilePay (a wholly owned subsidiary of Danske Bank A/S), and the Finnish bank OP 
Cooperative's digital wallet, Pivo, to create a joint digital wallet. The European Commission expressed 
concerns about the proposed merger's impact on competition in Finland. As a result, Vipps and MobilePay 
sent a revised merger application to the European Commission. On 21 October 2022, the European 
Commission approved the revised merger application. The merger, which was completed on 1 November 
2022, is expected to enable better solutions for people and businesses in Denmark, Finland and Norway. 
The new company will represent 11 million private customers and 400,000 corporates. The Bank now owns 
46.86 per cent. of Vipps Holding AS, and Vipps Holding AS owns 72.2 per cent. of Vipps AS (Vipps AS 
being the merged Vipps and Mobilepay-business).  
In 2021, the DNB Group decided to withdraw from Poland, by reducing its activity in a process that is 
expected to take several years. By the end of 2022, all corporate lending and deposits have been exited. 
Some products remain, including the retail mortgage loans portfolio, which will require more time to exit. 
On 12 December 2023, it was announced that Fremtind Forsikring AS and Eika Forsikring had reached an 
agreement to merge the two companies. The merger is subject to regulatory approval, and if the merger is 
approved, the merger is anticipated to be completed in the second or third quarter of 2024. The estimated 
value of the company post-merger is NOK 33.7 billion, and the Bank will own 28.46 per cent. of the 
company post-merger. 
The Merger  
On 21 October 2020, the Board of Directors of DNB ASA and DNB Bank ASA signed a joint merger plan, 
in which it was proposed that the companies’ extraordinary General Meetings approve a merger of the two 
companies through a reverse subsidiary merger, involving the transfer of all DNB ASA’s assets, rights and 
obligations to DNB Bank ASA. The joint merger plan was approved at the General Meeting of each 
company on 30 November 2020 and the merger was effective as of 1 July 2021. 
Following the completion of the merger, DNB ASA was dissolved and the shares in DNB Bank ASA were 
simultaneously listed on Oslo Børs, with trading having commenced on 2 July 2021.  
All financial information for the Issuer presented in this Base Prospectus is on a post-merger basis. 
Corporate object 
Pursuant to Article 1-2 of the Articles of Association of the Bank, the corporate object of the Bank is to 
perform all types of business and services that are customary or natural for banks to engage in within the 
scope of Norwegian legislation in force at any time. 
Legal Structure of the DNB Group 
All asset management activities are organised under a common holding company, DNB Asset Management 
Holding AS. DNB Livsforsikring AS offers life insurance and pension saving products, both products with

--- Page 192 ---
177 
guaranteed returns and products with a choice of investment profile. Banking activities are conducted by 
the Bank and its subsidiaries. 
As of the date of this Base Prospectus, DNB Bank ASA is the parent company of the DNB Group. The 
Bank manages the general affairs of the DNB Group, including the planning, supervision and financial 
control of the DNB Group’s businesses. 
The chart below shows the DNB Group’s legal structure following the completion of the merger. The 
figures includes the major subsidiaries of the DNB Group.  
 
Control of the Bank 
As of the date of this Base Prospectus, DNB Bank ASA is the parent company of the DNB Group. DNB 
Bank ASA is listed on the regulated market of Oslo Børs and is subject to disclosure requirements under 
Norwegian law applicable to listed companies, as well as the reputation of the Oslo Børs. In addition, there 
are statutory measures whose objectives are to prevent abuse of control in place under the Norwegian Public 
Limited Liability Companies Act. The Financial Institutions Act imposes stricter rules for banks. The 
Norwegian Ministry of Finance must assess and approve all shareholders that own or acquire a qualified 
amount (usually 10 per cent. or more) of shares in a financial undertaking. 
Strategy, Vision and Values 
The DNB Group’s long-term ambitions as set out in its corporate strategy, launched in the summer of 2020, 
are to create the best customer experiences, ensure compliance and achieve its financial targets.  
Creating the Best Customer Experiences 
In a market with increasingly transparent and open value chains, strong customer relationships are crucial 
in order to retain DNB Group’s customers and ensure continued profitability. The DNB Group aims to 
create the best customer experiences so that customers choose DNB and to ensure that customer 
relationships are maintained. Sustainable restructuring is increasingly important to achieve competitiveness 
in the business sector. The DNB Group’s customers have high expectations of how sustainability is 
integrated into DNB’s advisory services, products, and financing solutions. 
Ensure Compliance 
New national and international rules and legislation are constantly being adopted and applied to the 
financial services industry. At the same time, the expectations from the DNB Group’s customers and 
owners are increasing, especially in relation to sustainability topics, such as climate issues and 
environmental, social and governance factors. The DNB Group aims to secure long-term value creation and 
ON B Eiendom AS 
ON B Boligkreditt AS 
Addr.: Postbolr:s 1600 Sentrum. 0021 O!;lo, 
Addr.: Postboks 1600 Sent rum. 0021 Oslo, 
Norway, Tel.: •47 915 09999 
Norway, Tel. ••7 915 04 800 
ONB Naeringsmegling AS 
Addr: Postboks 1600 Sentrum. 0021 Oslo, 
Norway Tel.: •4791504800 
ONB Capital LLC 
Addr. DNB Bank ASA, 30 Hudson Yards, 
New Yort. NY 10001, USA 
Tel • I 212 681 3800 
ONB Sweden AB 
Addr .. SE-105 88. S1odhokn, Sweden 
TeL •4684734100 
ONB Luxembourg S.A 
Addr.· P O Boie 867, t •2018 lux!ffllbourg 
Tel. •352•5494S 1 
ONB Markets, Inc. 
Addr: ONB Bank MA 30 Hudson Y¥ds, 
New Yori,;, NY 10001. USA 
Tel•12126813800 
DNB Bank ASA 
Addr Postbcks 1600 S~ trum 00'1 Oslo 
Norv.a1 Tl'I •-4'9'SCW800 
ONB Invest Denmark A/S 
Addr. Arne Jacobsem Ale 15, 2300 
KebenhavnS, Deomar1c. 
Tel.: +45 333 66200 
ONB (UK) Limited 
Addr. DNB Bank ASA London llfanch, 8th 
Floor, The Walbrook Buikling, 25 
Wollbrnok, London, EC4N 8AF, England, Uk 
Tel. +442076211111 
ONB Bank Polska S.A 
Addr.: ul. Przyol(opowa 31 
01-208 Warsnwa, ~ncl 
Tel: •48 22 S24 1000 
DNB Livsforsikring AS 
Addr Postboh 7~00 ',020 Bergen 
Norw.iy lei •4791S04800 
DNB Asset Management 
Holding AS 
Addr Postboks 1600 Sentrum 0021 Oslo 
Norw.iy Tel •4791S04800 
Sentra1e datterselskaper //Major subsidiaries 
Sentrale datterselskaper //Major subsidiaries 
ONB Naringseiendom AS 
Addr - Postboks 7SOS, 5020 8etgen. 
Norway. Tel: +47 468 44 100 
DNB Asset Management AS 
Addr. Postboks 1600Sentrum, 0021 Oslo 
Norw.iy. Tel.: •47 915 04 800 
DNB Asset Management S.A 
Addr. P. 0. Box 867, L-2018 Luxembourg 
T~~ •3524549451

--- Page 193 ---
178 
responsible operations by maintaining a high level of compliance expertise, as well as by thoroughly and 
systematically refining corporate governance and controls. All of the DNB Group’s employees and others 
who work on the DNB Group’s behalf must understand their scope of action and work towards a strong 
culture of compliance. By ensuring compliance, the DNB Group believes it will build and retain the trust 
of the DNB Group’s customers, owners and society in general. 
Deliver on Financial Targets 
The DNB Group aims to achieve good, long-term returns. Delivering on financial targets provides the 
necessary scope of action to position the DNB Group for the future, while ensuring long-term value 
creation. The DNB Group aims to do this by focusing on earnings, a responsible cost level, effective capital 
use, integration of sustainability throughout the company, and an adaptable and effective organisation.  
In November 2022, the DNB Group launched its financial ambitions for the period 2022-2025. The 
overriding target for return on equity was updated from more than 12 per cent. to more than 13 per cent. 
The targets of a cost/income ratio of below 40 per cent. and a dividend pay-out ratio above 50 per cent. 
remained unchanged.  
DNB Group Operational Structure 
The DNB Group’s operational structure enables it to quickly and effectively adapt to changes in customer 
behaviour, and to develop products and services that meet customer needs. 
The chart below sets forth the operational structure of the DNB Group as of the date of this Base Prospectus:  
 
The business areas consist of the customer areas, Personal Banking and Corporate Banking, and the product 
areas, Wealth Management, Markets and Payments & Innovation.  
Personal Banking serves the DNB Group’s personal customers and is the market leader in the Norwegian 
personal customer market. Customers are offered a wide range of services through a modern distribution 
network which includes mobile solutions, customer service centres and online banking, as well as branch 
offices and real estate broking. Corporate Banking serves the DNB Group’s corporate customers and 
includes the DNB Group’s customers in the Norwegian business community and public sector, as well as 
all international customers and financial institutions. 
DNB Markets is one of Norway’s leading investment firms and provides the DNB Group’s customers with 
investment banking services, including risk management, investment and financing products in the capital 
markets. The Wealth Management product area is responsible for developing the DNB Group’s savings, 
investment and pension products, and delivers defined-contribution pension schemes to its customers in 
Group Finance 
Ida Lerner 
Group Compliance 
Fredrik Berger 
Group Risk Management 
Sverre Krog 
Wealth Management 
H.\kon Hansen 
Markets 
Alexander Opstad 
Group chief executive 
Kjerstin Braathen 
Products & Innovation 
Per Kristian 
N.ess-Fladset 
Technology & Services 
M aria Ervik LQSvold 
People 
Anne Sigrun Moen 
Communication and 
Sustainability 
Even Westerveld 
Personal Banking 
lngjerd Blekeli Spiten 
Corporate Banking 
Harald Serck-Hanssen

--- Page 194 ---
179 
close cooperation with the customer areas. Wealth Management is also responsible for all the DNB Group’s 
mutual fund products.  
The Payment and Innovation product area is focused on strategic business development and is responsible 
for three Group functions: innovation, payments (including associated infrastructure) and Open Banking, 
which works on opening up the DNB Group’s infrastructure to allow third-party service providers to access 
DNB Group data in order to provide services to DNB Group customers. The Payments and Innovation area 
also includes DNB Finans, the DNB Group’s product area for, inter alia, leasing, car leasing and factoring.  
The DNB Group’s six staff and support units are Group Finance, Group Compliance, Group Risk 
Management (“GRM”), Technology & Services, People, and Communications. These units provide 
infrastructure services to the business areas and certain operational tasks that provide cost efficiencies if 
undertaken collectively for several business areas. Furthermore, the staff and support units perform 
functions for the governing bodies and management of the DNB Group. The size and capacity of the support 
units is a function of the volume of business and the DNB Group’s strategy. The support units are each 
designated as separate and independent entities.   
DNB Group Reporting Structure – Business Segments 
Financial governance in the DNB Group is adapted to the different segments. The income statements and 
balance sheets for the segments are presented in accordance with internal financial reporting principles, 
according to which revenues, costs and capital requirements are allocated to the segments based on a 
number of assumptions. Reported figures for the different segments thus reflect the DNB Group’s total 
sales of products and services to the relevant segments. The follow-up of total customer relationships and 
segment profitability are two important dimensions when making strategic priorities and deciding on where 
to allocate the DNB Group’s resources. 
A description of the DNB Group’s business segments for financial reporting purposes as of the date of this 
Base Prospectus is set out below. 
Personal Customers 
This segment includes the DNB Group’s approximately 2 million personal customers in Norway as of the 
date of this Base Prospectus. The customers are offered a wide range of services through Norway’s largest 
distribution network, comprising branch offices, telephone banking, digital banking, mobile banking 
solutions, real estate broking as well as external channels such as banking in stores. 
Personal Customers includes the DNB Group’s total sales of products and services to personal customers 
in Norway, both digital and physical, with the exception of certain fixed interest residential mortgages, 
which are recorded under Traditional pension products. These mortgage portfolios were transferred to DNB 
Livsforsikring to reduce the balance sheet of the DNB Group, and are reported as part of traditional pension 
products, where returns accrue to the policyholders.  
In the DNB Group’s consolidated financial statements, the residential loan portfolio of Boligkreditt is 
reported as part of the Personal Customers segment. The remaining part of the Boligkreditt business is 
reported as part of Other operations. Loans to customers booked in Boligkreditt as of 31 December 2023 
amounted to NOK 690,654 billion. 
DNB Eiendom is reported within Personal Customers and is Norway’s largest real estate broker. The 
company offers services related to the sale of residential and holiday properties and housing projects, as 
well as advisory services in connection with the sale of other real estate.

--- Page 195 ---
180 
Corporate Banking 
Corporate Banking includes the DNB Group's Norwegian corporate customers, the public sector, all 
international customers and financial institutions. The DNB Group's ambition is to maintain a leading 
position in Norway and strengthen its operations internationally within selected industries for its largest 
customers, while strengthening initiatives in the small and medium-sized corporate customer and start-up 
sectors.  
Other operations  
Other operations includes the results from risk management in DNB Markets and from traditional pension 
products in DNB Livsforsikring. In addition, the other operations segment includes group items not 
allocated to the customer segments, such as market-making and other trading activities in fixed income, 
currencies and commodities (FICC) as well as equities, including risk management of the risk inherent in 
customer transactions. Markets’ trading activities support the customer activities.  
Competition 
The DNB Group operates in highly competitive markets, particularly for residential mortgages, which is 
the principal product of its Personal Customers segment. DNB’s competitors include, among others, 
Nordea, SEB, Danske Bank, Svenska Handelsbanken and the different Norwegian Saving Banks. The 
emergence of services that facilitate price comparisons of banking services and products, as well as making 
it easier to change banks, promotes competition between financial services providers and gives customers 
better and less costly services. The revised Payment Services Directive, which applies in the European 
Union as of 13 January 2018 and was implemented in Norwegian law from 1 April 2019, has led and is 
expected by the DNB Group Management to continue to lead to further innovation, competition and 
development of payment services. See also “Risk Factors—Other Risks Related to the DNB Group’s 
Business—Competition in Norway and in the international markets in which the DNB Group operates could 
have a negative effect on the DNB Group’s business”.  
The following table sets out Norwegian lending and deposit market shares of the Group as of 30 November 
2023, 31 December 2022 and 31 December 2021.  
 
 
As of 
 
30 
November 
2023 
31 
December 
2022 
31 
December 
2021 
 
(per cent.) 
Personal customers  
 
 
 
Total loans to households(1)(2) .............................  
23.5 
24.2 
24.5 
Bank deposits from households(1)(3)....................  
30.3 
31.8 
28.7 
Corporate customers  
 
 
 
Total loans to corporate customers(4) ..................  
12.1 
12.3 
10.8 
Deposits from corporate customers ....................  
35.0 
37.4 
36.7 
Sources: Statistics Norway, DNB 
 
 
Notes: 
(1) 
Households are defined as employees, recipients of property income, pensions and social contributions, 
students etc., housing cooperatives etc., unincorporated enterprises within households and non-profit institutions 
serving households.

--- Page 196 ---
181 
(2) 
Total loans include all credits extended to Norwegian customers by domestic commercial and savings 
banks, state banks, insurance companies and finance companies. 
(3) 
Domestic commercial and savings banks. 
(4) 
Total loans include all credits extended to Norwegian customers by domestic commercial and savings 
banks, state banks, insurance companies, finance companies and foreign institutions, as well as bonds and 
commercial paper. Excluding loans to financial institutions, central government and social security services. 
(5) 
Excluding deposits from financial institutions, central government and social security services. 
Employees 
DNB believes its employees are its most important resource in developing and maintaining good customer 
relationships and creating value. Ethics are emphasized in all parts of the organisation and are viewed as 
key to maintaining trust from the outside world. Ethics and anti-corruption are organised under DNB’s 
compliance unit. A particularly important task is to implement ongoing measures aimed at all employees 
in Norway and in the organisation’s international operations to ensure the right attitudes across DNB. Based 
on a risk-based approach, the purpose is to implement targeted initiatives in those parts of the organisation 
which are deemed to be most exposed to ethical challenges and corruption risk. Training and other activities 
are tailored to give units and employees the best possible and most relevant assistance. 
As of 31 December 2023, DNB had 10,617 full-time employees, an increase from 10,351 employees as of 
31 December 2022 and 9,410 employees as of 31 December 2021.  
Insurance 
DNB’s insurance program is an integral part of its operational risk management. DNB enters into insurance 
contracts to limit the financial consequences of undesirable events which occur in spite of established 
security routines and other risk-mitigating measures. DNB has a broad-based insurance program that 
includes, among other things, coverage relating to professional indemnity (PI), directors and officers’ 
liability (D&O), and property and criminal attacks (internal and external fraud and crime, including 
“bankers blanket bond and computer crime/cyber risk”). 
Real Property 
The Bank’s principal executive offices are located in Oslo, Norway. It also operates through a number of 
other offices and branches located throughout the Nordic markets and elsewhere internationally. The Bank 
does not own any material real property. 
Litigation 
Due to its extensive operations in Norway and abroad, the DNB Group will regularly be party to a number 
of legal actions. None of the current disputes are expected to have any material impact on the DNB Group’s 
financial position.  
In February 2020, the NFSA conducted an anti-money laundering inspection of the Bank in relation to its 
operations in Norway. On 7 December 2020, DNB announced that a preliminary report from the NFSA 
indicated the possibility of an administrative fine of NOK 400 million, due to inadequate compliance with 
the Norwegian Anti-Money Laundering Act. On 3 May 2021, NFSA published its final report and a 
resolution related to this case (both dated 30 April 2021), confirming that the fine was imposed. DNB has 
already recognised the total fine in its annual financial statements for 2020. DNB has not been under 
suspicion of money laundering or complicity in money laundering. However, in its report of 30 April 2021 
the NFSA was critical of DNB’s compliance with the AML regulations and remediation of weaknesses 
identified in prior inspections. The DNB Group acknowledged that the anti-money laundering efforts had 
not given sufficient results at the time of the inspection, and the DNB Group therefore announced the same 
day that it accepted the fine imposed by the NFSA.

--- Page 197 ---
182 
As part of its follow-up, on 19 April 2022 the NFSA issued a decision to order the Bank to collect and store 
legal identification for remaining customers, persons acting on behalf of customers and persons with 
disposal rights over an account or deposit, by 1 August 2022. As agreed with the NFSA, the Bank reported 
on the implementation and progress of the order per 1 August 2022 within the reporting deadline of 8 
August 2022.  
On 1 September 2022, the NFSA imposed compulsory fines on the Bank for failing to comply with the 
NFSA’s order of 19 April 2022. These fines comprise NOK 50,000 per business day from 2 September 
2022 until the NFSA finds that their order is satisfied. Pursuant to Norwegian law, a coercive fine is not 
classified as an “administrative sanction”, but instead an “administrative measure”, which is not considered 
punishment for a previous breach of compliance but rather a forward-looking measure to incentivise an 
increased effort to comply with a decision. On 29 June 2023, the NSFA stated that it was satisfied with 
DNB’s customer identity verification status, and the compulsory fines of NOK 50,000 per day ceased 
effective from 24 April 2023.  
New tax rules for life insurance and pensions companies were introduced for the fiscal year 2018, with 
associated transitional rules. When the financial statements and tax return for DNB Livsforsikring were 
prepared in 2018, it was unclear how the transitional rules should be interpreted, and DNB Livsforsikring 
did not agree with the Norwegian Tax Administration’s interpretation of the original wording of the law. 
Based on an overall assessment, the net tax effect associated with the transitional rules was included as a 
tax income of NOK 880 million for the DNB Group. In the 2018 tax return, DNB Livsforsikring demanded 
a larger tax deduction than the tax effect recognised in the accounts. In January 2022, DNB Livsforsikring 
received a final decision concerning a change in the tax assessment for 2018. DNB Livsforsikring has 
appealed the decision to the Norwegian tax appeal board, Skatteklagenemnda. On the basis of a new review 
of the matter, a tax expense of NOK 299 million was recognised in the accounts in the fourth quarter of 
2021 related to the transition effect in 2018. The final outcome of the matter is uncertain and may result in 
either lower or higher tax deductions than those used as the basis in the DNB Group accounts. If DNB 
Livsforsikring does not win its case on any of the points, this will give a further increased tax expense of 
NOK 460 million related to the transition effect in 2018. 
In July 2021, the Bank received a decision from the Norwegian tax authorities relating to the deduction of 
external interest expenses. According to Norwegian tax legislation, external interest expenses are to be 
distributed proportionally among companies’ operations in Norway and certain international branch offices 
based on the respective entities’ total assets. This could result in additions or deductions from the 
companies’ income in Norway. The decision calculates the limitation of interest deduction by including 
internal receivables and covers the fiscal years 2015–2019. The decision represents a tax exposure of NOK 
1.7 billion for the period in question. The estimated tax effect for the years 2020-2022 amounts to a total 
of approximately NOK 80 million. The Bank disagrees with the tax authorities' interpretation of the 
legislation. Legal proceedings were initiated in 2021 and the first level of court proceedings took place at 
the beginning of May 2022. The first level court decision of 4 June 2022 was not in favour of the Bank and 
was appealed by the Bank on 4 August 2022. On 29 November 2023, the second level court decision ruled 
in favour of the Bank. The tax authorities have appealed this decision, but it is not certain whether the High 
Court will admit the appeal and when proceedings in such case will be held. No provisions have been 
recognised in the accounts. However, there can be no assurance that the final decision will be made in 
favour of the Bank. 
In the second quarter of 2022, the Bank received a notice from the Norwegian tax authorities relating to a 
reorganisation of the loan business in Sweden and in the UK in 2015. The tax authorities have challenged 
the valuation and calculation of taxable gains/losses related to loan portfolios that were sold from branches 
of the Bank to subsidiaries in Sweden and the UK. The Bank responded to the tax authorities in November 
2022. In the second quarter of 2023, the Bank received a draft decision from the Norwegian tax authorities, 
and the Bank responded in the fourth quarter of 2023. The Bank’s maximum tax exposure is estimated to 
be approximately NOK 1.2 billion. The Bank disagrees with the tax authorities’ approach, and accordingly

--- Page 198 ---
183 
no provision has been recognised in its accounts. However, the final outcome of the dispute remains unclear, 
and there can be no assurance that an adverse outcome would not have a material adverse effect on the 
Bank’s profitability or results of operations. 
On 27 February 2023, the Bank received a notice of a change in the tax assessment of dividends received 
from US subsidiaries in 2019 and 2020. DNB has treated dividends received from its US subsidiary as 
covered by the tax exemption method, but the Norwegian tax authorities state that since the subsidiary is 
not itself a taxable entity in the US (and is taxed jointly with the Bank's branch office in New York, leading 
to, in the authorities' view an effective taxation rate that is less than two thirds of Norwegian taxation), the 
US would be considered a low-tax country such that the dividends would not be covered by the tax 
exemption method. The tax authorities have also announced that the subsidiary's payments of its share of 
the joint tax payment are to be considered taxable dividends. The Bank responded to the notice in June 
2023. On 19 December 2023, the Bank received an updated notice where the tax authorities have included 
the years 2018, 2021 and 2022 regarding the tax payments to be considered dividends. The updated notice 
increases the tax exposure by NOK 210 million, bringing the total tax exposure to NOK 1.8 billion. The 
Bank does not agree that the US should be regarded as a low-tax country, or that there are grounds for 
regarding the tax payments as dividends, and for this reason no provisions have been recognised in the 
accounts. 
In June 2023, the Court of Justice of the European Union (“CJEU”) issued a judgment in connection with 
a judicial proceeding against a Polish bank not related to the Bank concerning foreign currency loan 
agreements in Poland. The judgment clarifies what claims the parties to a loan agreement can make against 
each other, if a national court finds that the loan agreement is invalid. The CJEU’s decision is expected to 
affect other Polish banks with similar loan agreements. Based on the clarification from the CJEU, DNB 
Poland estimates an increased legal risk associated with a legacy foreign currency portfolio, and the 
accounts for the full year 2023 therefore include impairment of financial instruments of NOK 671 million.

--- Page 199 ---
184 
RISK AND CAPITAL MANAGEMENT 
Risk Management 
The ability to manage risk is of crucial importance in the financial service industry and is a prerequisite for 
value creation over time. The Bank aims to maintain a low risk profile and to only assume risk that is 
understood and can be monitored. Risk management implies that profitability is considered relative to risk, 
while ensuring that the DNB Group is secured against unintentional risk. Healthy risk management is based 
on a strong risk culture, which is characterised by a high level of awareness concerning risk and risk 
management in the organisation. The DNB Group policy for risk management sets out the principles for all 
of the DNB Group’s risk management activities and defines the ambitions for, attitudes towards and 
organisation of risk management. All managers are responsible for risk within their own area of 
responsibility. Risk is managed through personal authorisations and risk limits. Risk management functions 
and the development of risk management tools are undertaken by units which are independent of operations 
in individual business areas. 
Responsibilities and organisation 
Roles and responsibilities relating to risk management are distributed in accordance with a corporate 
governance model with three lines of defence, as described in the principles for internal control, risk 
management and compliance. The interaction between the first, second- and third-line functions are set to 
ensure a high level of quality in the risk management. Defining clear roles and authorisations is a 
prerequisite for good interaction. 
First line of defence 
The principles for internal control, risk management and compliance state that all risk is owned by the first 
line of defence, which includes all of the DNB Group's operational functions (business areas and staff and 
support units). Risk is to be owned at the lowest possible organisational level. Risk owners are responsible 
for ensuring that the risk management requirements are complied with in the first line of defence. The term 
risk owner refers to a person with overall responsibility for – and authority to manage – a risk. A risk owner 
may be the head of an organisational unit or the owner of a product, service or process.  
The first line of defence is responsible for risk management within its own area of responsibility and for 
documenting compliance with governing requirements. This responsibility includes establishing strategies, 
frameworks and/or authorisations, conducting risk assessments, using models and tools for quantifying risk, 
and performing risk reporting and control activities. The first line of defence shall have the competence 
required to perform its risk management responsibilities and the capacity to deal with unexpected incidents, 
including sudden shifts in macroeconomic conditions or in specific markets.  
Second line of defence 
The second line of defence consists of the risk management function and the compliance function. GRM 
constitutes the DNB Group's independent risk management function. This function is to advise the first line 
of defence on risk management issues and must have the competence and capacity to contribute proactively 
to sound risk management in all parts of the DNB Group.  
GRM is led by the Chief Risk Officer (“CRO”), who is a member of the Group Management team and has 
the opportunity to report directly to the Board of Directors. The CRO cannot be dismissed without the 
approval of the Board. GRM's areas of responsibility include:  
• 
Determining the DNB Group's risk appetite and ensuring that the risk appetite framework 
functions effectively;

--- Page 200 ---
185 
• 
endorsing decisions on risk-taking in the areas of credit, market and liquidity risk; 
• 
having the ownership of and managing models and measurement methods for financial risk; 
• 
having the overall responsibility for the independent validation of models;  
• 
having the overall responsibility for stress testing and for recommending measures based on the 
conclusions of the stress tests;  
• 
carrying out independent assessments and controls of the risk level and reporting on risk to the 
Group Management team and the Board; and 
• 
preparing the DNB Group's recovery plan and following up the DNB Group's crisis management 
plan.  
GRM is to be involved in assessments that have a material impact on the DNB Group's overall risk exposure 
and is to ensure that risks are assessed, managed, measured, monitored, reported and controlled adequately 
by the relevant business areas and staff and support units. In addition, the GRM shall monitor, report and 
give advice on the risk situation independently of the units that own and manage the risks. GRM must 
therefore have direct access to relevant information and unprocessed transaction data. The compliance 
function is an independent control function that reports, controls and advises on compliance risks.  
Third line of defence 
Group Audit is the third line of defence and assists the Board in ensuring that the DNB Group's risk 
management is of sufficient quality. Group Audit is independent of the DNB Group's executive 
management and reports to the Board. 
Board of Directors 
The management of the Bank falls within the authority of the Board of Directors (the "Board"). The Board 
shall ensure that the DNB Group's business operations are responsibly organised, which includes making 
sure that the requirements for the organisation of the business operations and the establishment of 
appropriate management and control systems are fulfilled. The Board is responsible for drawing up plans 
and budgets for the company's operations, and for issuing guidelines for these. The Board is responsible for 
approving and regularly assessing the guidelines for exposing the company to individual risks and total 
risk, and for identifying, managing, monitoring and controlling risks that the company is or may be exposed 
to, including system risk. The Board has a duty to keep itself informed about the company's financial 
position and to ensure that the company's activities, accounts and asset management are subject to adequate 
control. The Board is responsible for ensuring that the company is adequately capitalised and has sufficient 
liquidity relative to the risk and scope of its operations, and that all statutory capital requirements are met.  
The Board shall initiate the investigations it finds necessary to be able to perform its duties. The Board 
must implement such examinations when a demand to that effect has been made by one or more of the 
board members.  
The Board is responsible for supervising the day-to-day management of the DNB Group's activities in 
general. The Board shall draw up instructions regarding the day-to-day management of the DNB Group, 
and must ensure that the Chief Executive Officer (“CEO”) regularly informs the Board of the DNB Group's 
operations, risk taking, capital adequacy, position and profit performance.  
The Board shall annually evaluate its own work and competence. The Board shall annually evaluate the 
CEO through the Compensation Committee. This evaluation forms the basis for the determination of the 
CEO's salary and bonus that are adopted by the Board.

--- Page 201 ---
186 
The Board is assisted by the Risk Management Committee, the Audit Committee and the Compensation 
and Organisation Committee. 
Risk Management Committee 
The Risk Management Committee has the authority to investigate all matters relating to the DNB Group 
that the Committee finds relevant for performing its tasks. The Committee has the following tasks:  
• 
monitor and supervise the DNB Group's systems for internal control and risk management, 
including the DNB Group guidelines for risk management and compliance and internal audit 
processes. The supervision requirement also applies to the DNB Group's international operations, 
including its regional offices in New York, London, Singapore and Stockholm. The Committee 
exercises the role of 'US Risk Committee,' in accordance with US rules and legislation;  
• 
advise the Board on the DNB Group's risk profile, including the DNB Group's current and future 
risk appetite and strategy. Advice given to the Board of Directors may cover strategies for capital 
and liquidity management, credit risk, market risk, operational risk, compliance risk, conduct risk, 
reputational risk, and other risks facing the DNB Group; 
• 
prepare the Board's follow-up of risk management in the DNB Group, including reviewing and 
assessing the administration's risk reporting with a particular focus on:  
o 
capitalisation of the DNB Group (internal capital adequacy assessment process, ICAAP);  
o 
significant changes in models for calculating risk-adjusted capital and risk-adjusted 
return; and 
o 
follow-up of risk frameworks and strategies;  
• 
follow up the DNB Group's implementation and follow-up of the adopted risk appetite and 
strategy, and provide an account to the Board that includes a summary of the overall risk situation 
and points out risk issues of particular importance. 
The Risk Management Committee consists of up to four members who are elected by the Board for two 
years at a time. There is also a requirement that the committee must include at least one member experienced 
in identifying, assessing and managing risk exposures of large, complex firms. Members of the Risk 
Management Committee are currently Jens Petter Olsen (Chair), Gro Bakstad, Lillian Hattrem, Julie Galbo 
and Christine Bosse, appointed among the members of the Board.  In addition to the members of the 
Committee, the following must normally attend the meetings: the CEO and/or the Chief Financial Officer 
(“CFO”), the CRO, the Group Chief Compliance Officer and the Group Chief Audit Executive. 
Audit Committee 
The Audit Committee shall ensure that the DNB Group has independent and effective external and internal 
audit processes and satisfactory financial reporting in accordance with applicable rules and legislation.  
The Committee has the following tasks:  
• 
preparing the company's choice of auditor and making its recommendation in accordance with 
article 16 of Regulation no 537/2014 of the European Parliament and of the Council of 16 April 
2014 on specific requirements regarding statutory audit of public-interest entities (the "Audit 
Regulation");

--- Page 202 ---
187 
• 
assessing and monitoring the independence of the statutory auditor in accordance with Chapter 8 
of the Act on Audit and Auditors and article 6 of the Audit Regulation, paying particular attention 
to ensuring that services other than auditing that are provided by the auditor or the auditing 
company are in accordance with article 5 of the Audit Regulation and do not pose a threat to the 
independence of the statutory auditor. In addition, making sure that the internal audit function acts 
independently of the management.  
• 
discussing the plan for and scope of the auditing work with the statutory and internal auditor.  
• 
supervising the financial reporting process, including monitoring the systems for internal control, 
risk management and internal audit without compromising the independent role of the Audit 
Committee.  
• 
maintaining ongoing contact with the statutory and internal auditors regarding the auditing of the 
annual accounts, including, in particular, monitoring the performance of the auditing services in 
light of matters identified by the Norwegian FSA in accordance with article 26, sub-article 6 of 
the Audit Regulation.  
• 
preparing the Board's follow-up of the financial reporting process and making recommendations 
or proposals to ensure its integrity, including reviewing and assessing the DNB Group's quarterly 
and annual financial reports, with a particular focus on:  
o 
changes in accounting principles and practices;  
o 
significant discretionary valuations and estimates;  
o 
considerable adjustments as a result of requirements and recommendations from the 
auditors;  
o 
compliance with laws, regulations and accounting standards.  
• 
reviewing and discussing points on which the auditors disagree with the administration, and/or 
where great uncertainty has been pointed out by the auditors, and/or other matters that the auditors 
wish to discuss.  
• 
meeting with the statutory auditor on behalf of the Board at least once every quarter. The agenda 
for the Audit Committee's meetings must contain a specific item for this purpose every quarter. 
The CEO and other representatives from the DNB Group's day-to-day management are not to 
participate in the consideration of these items. If items of importance to the individual subsidiary 
are considered, excerpts of the minutes of the meeting must be sent to the Chair of the Board of 
the relevant subsidiary, who will then inform the other board members at the subsequent board 
meeting.  
• 
informing the Board of the results of the statutory audit and explain how the audit process added 
to the integrity of the financial reporting, and the role of the Audit Committee in that process. 
Members of the Audit Committee are currently Gro Bakstad (Chair), Jens Petter Olsen, Lillian Hattrem, 
Julie Galbo and Christine Bosse, appointed among the members of the Board. In addition to the members 
of the Committee, the following must normally attend the meetings: the CEO and/or the CFO, the Group 
Chief Audit Executive and a representative of the statutory auditor.

--- Page 203 ---
188 
Compensation and Organisation Committee 
The Committee is responsible for preparing guidelines, frameworks and matters concerning remuneration 
that require the approval of the Board, including variable remuneration for employees in all or part of the 
DNB Group and other important personnel-related matters concerning senior executives (i.e. members of 
the Group Management and any others reporting to the CEO). The Committee is also responsible for 
preparing selected matters for the Board relating to culture, management and succession planning. Members 
of the Compensation and Organisation Committee are currently Olaug Svarva (Chair), Kim Wahl, Lillian 
Hattrem and Petter-Børre Furberg, appointed among the members of the Board.  
Group chief executive and the Group Management team  
The CEO is the managing director of the Bank and has the overall responsibility for the DNB Group. The 
Group Management meeting is the CEO's collegiate body for management at the DNB Group level. Major 
decisions concerning risk and capital management are generally made in consultation with the Group 
Management Team. The group executive vice presidents for the business areas and support units take part 
in the Group Management meeting.  
The CEO has, inter alia, the following responsibilities: 
• 
the day-to-day management of the DNB Group's operations, and ensuring that these are in 
accordance with applicable laws and regulations, articles of association, authorisations, 
instructions, the DNB Group's governing documents and the guidelines and instructions issued by 
the Board; 
• 
ensuring that the DNB Group's strategy, values and purpose are developed and followed up in line 
with the long-term goals set by the Board; 
• 
promoting compliance with good corporate governance standards within the DNB Group; 
• 
ensuring that the DNB Group has effective corporate governance systems in place, including for 
internal control. The CEO has a special responsibility for following up on comments regarding the 
DNB Group's operations in reports from the authorities; and 
• 
the DNB Group's risk management, including asset and liability management, liquidity 
management, and the purchase and sale of securities and ownership interests of strategic 
importance. 
Group Risk Management 
GRM is headed by a Group Executive Vice President, who is also the CRO. The CRO reports directly to 
the CEO and can, if necessary, report directly to the Board. The CRO defines principles and frameworks 
for risk-taking and internal control in the DNB Group. The CRO also makes independent assessments of 
the risk level and reports the DNB Group's risk situation. 
Specialist units have been established to be responsible for frameworks and risk control within the various 
forms of risk. This applies to credit risk, market risk, liquidity risk, model risk and operational risk. In 
addition, independent entities have been established with responsibility for model development, model 
validation, risk data, risk analysis, stress testing and risk reporting. 
GRM defines the framework for operational risk management and is an advisor for the first line, in addition 
to controlling, monitoring, and reporting the status of operational risk.

--- Page 204 ---
189 
The CRO is responsible for the annual validation of the most important models used in financial and capital 
adequacy reporting. The validation is carried out by a separate entity that is independent of the first line 
and model development. The Board sets requirements for the content of the validation work.  
The CRO is responsible for performing the regulatory stress tests, and for conducting stress tests and 
scenario analyses at Group level that capture the biggest risk factors at any given time. The stress tests are 
presented for comments in the Group Credit Committee, the Financial Market Risk Committee or the Asset 
and Liability Committee and must be approved by the CRO. CRO is responsible for recommending 
measures based on the conclusions of the stress tests. The stress tests are described in more detail in "—
Capital Management—Stress testing." below. 
GRM is responsible for conducting the Credit Risk Review and the Model Input Review. The Credit Risk 
Review assesses compliance with the DNB Group's internal requirements for credit risk management and 
reports the results to the Board. The Model Input Review should ensure correct and consistent use of IRB 
models. 
The purpose of internal control is to ensure the organisation's goals in areas such as operational efficiency 
and effectiveness, reliable reporting and compliance with laws, regulations and guidelines. The DNB Group 
Instructions for Internal Control provide a common conceptual framework and understanding of internal 
control and form the basis for a framework for structured internal control work. An important element is 
the annual attestation of internal control, where the executive managers of all significant organisational 
units in the DNB Group make a summary assessment of internal control in their area. 
GRM has established Operational Risk Officers, who work with all significant business areas in the DNB 
Group. Operational Risk Officers control risk reporting from the various units and follow up regarding the 
registration of operational incidents, including the establishment of risk-mitigating measures. 
The Compliance Function 
The compliance function is headed by the Group Chief Compliance Officer (the “GCCO”), who is also a 
group executive vice president and reports directly to the Group CEO and the Board. The GCCO sets the 
framework for the compliance function in the DNB Group. All business areas and support units, foreign 
branches of the DNB Group, companies in the DNB Group authorised under financial market regulations, 
and other companies as decided by the GCCO, must have a compliance function which is a part of the DNB 
Group’s Compliance function. The DNB Group’s Compliance function is a separate and independent 
second-line-of-defence control function that assists the Board, the Group CEO and other first-line managers 
in the work of ensuring that the DNB Group conducts its activities in accordance with relevant rules and 
legislation. The Compliance function comes in addition to the first line’s independent responsibility for 
internal control and for monitoring compliance with rules and legislation of significance to the relevant area 
or unit. The Compliance function provides advice and guidance on compliance, monitors and controls 
compliance and compliance risk, and reports and provides information on the status of compliance and 
compliance risk. The Compliance function takes a risk-based approach, mainly based on the rules and 
legislation that set conditions and requirements for the DNB Group’s licensed operations. This applies to 
financial, regulatory, competition and data protection rules and legislation, as well as rules and legislation 
aimed at counteracting money laundering, corruption and sanctions violations.  
The Compliance function’s monitoring and control must include assessment of whether the DNB Group 
has implemented sufficiently effective guidelines and procedures to detect compliance risk. This also 
includes an assessment of preventive measures and procedures. The Compliance function should be 
involved in and help to assess the risk related to the implementation of new strategies, organisational 
changes and other changes to the DNB Group’s activities.

--- Page 205 ---
190 
Group Audit  
Group Audit assesses and evaluates whether adequate and effective risk management and internal controls 
have been established and are carried out in the Group. Through its activities, Group Audit actively 
contributes to improvements of the Group's operations. Furthermore, Group Audit assesses and evaluates 
whether risk identification procedures, established governance processes and internal control measures 
effectively contribute to increasing the Group's ability to achieve its objectives. 
Governing documents for risk management 
The DNB Group's corporate governance documents contain management principles related to: 
• 
strategy and values; 
• 
risk appetite;  
• 
attracting, safeguarding, and developing employees; 
• 
ethics (Code of Conduct); 
• 
internal control, risk management and compliance; and 
• 
application of the DNB Group's governing requirements. 
Of these, risk appetite and internal control, risk management and compliance are particularly related to the 
management and control of risk.  
The Board determines the long-term risk profile through the DNB Group's risk appetite framework, which 
is assessed and renewed at least once a year. The targets and limits set out in the risk appetite framework 
are reflected in other parts of risk management, including authorisations and business frameworks. The 
Board also approved group policies for compliance and ethics.  
The governing documents state that the DNB Group is to have proactive management of risk – with clear 
and appropriate guidelines and procedures – that enable the DNB Group to make well-informed risk 
decisions. The DNB Group must always be able to identify, assess, manage, measure, monitor, report and 
control relevant risks. Risk management should support a sound risk culture and good business practices. 
The DNB Group must only assume risks that are understood and can be managed. The DNB Group's culture 
must be endorsed by Group Management and characterised by individual responsibility, transparent 
methods and processes that support sound risk management. All levels in the organisation must have access 
to relevant and necessary risk information. Each individual manager must ensure that employees understand 
and take an active approach to risk and return on this. Risk must be an integral part of the governance and 
remuneration system, through indicators that operationalise risk limits and strategies and that are followed 
up by managers individually. Managers are also responsible for requiring and establishing adequate risk 
reporting in their own unit.   
Risk management must be of good quality and have high information value. The concept of risk 
management includes coordinated activities, processes and measures that ensure that assessed risks are 
managed, monitored, reported, and controlled to an adequate extent and in line with the DNB Group's 
guidelines and requirements.

--- Page 206 ---
191 
Capital Management 
Assessment of risk profile and capital requirements 
Pursuant to the Norwegian Public Limited Liability Companies Act, all companies must at all times have 
an adequate equity base which takes into account the extent of the company’s activities and the risk they 
involve. Capital adequacy regulations specify a minimum primary capital requirement, which includes 
credit risk, market risk and operational risk. In addition to meeting the minimum requirement, the DNB 
Group must satisfy various buffer requirements. The difference between buffer requirements and minimum 
requirements lies in the consequences of non-compliance. Non-compliance with minimum requirements 
could result in the bank being restructured or wound up, while non-compliance with buffer requirements 
would result in implementing measures to strengthen capitalisation. Non-compliance with buffer 
requirements will result in restrictions on dividend payments, interest payments on hybrid securities and 
variable remuneration payments to employees. The NFSA assesses whether there are any risk elements in 
the individual institution that are not adequately covered by the basis of calculation for the minimum 
requirements and the general capital requirements (Pillar 1). These are referred to as the Pillar 2 
requirements. 
According to the DNB Group’s capital strategy and dividend policy, the DNB Group shall in normal times 
operate with a headroom to the NFSA’s applicable CET 1 expectation (including the Pillar 2 Guidance) at 
any time. This headroom shall cover unforeseen volatility in risk weighted assets and the capital base, 
support strategic flexibility and contribute to maintain trust in that dividends are paid according to the DNB 
Group’s dividend policy and that coupon is paid on additional tier 1 instruments. The leverage ratio for the 
Bank and the DNB Group shall in normal circumstances fulfil the regulatory requirements with a reasonable 
margin. The capitalisation guidelines are reviewed each year based on the Internal Capital Adequacy 
Assessment Process (the “ICAAP”) and feedback from the authorities through SREP. 
With respect to Norwegian rules in force regarding loss absorption, please see “Supervision and 
Regulation—Regulatory Framework in Norway” below.  
The Bank and the DNB Group are subject to the BRRD’s resolution tools and powers. The BRRD contains 
four resolution tools and powers, which may be used alone or in combination where the relevant resolution 
authority considers that: (a) a relevant entity is failing or likely to fail, (b) there is no reasonable prospect 
that any alternative private sector measures would prevent the failure of such relevant entity within a 
reasonable timeframe and (c) a resolution action is in the public interest: (i) sale of business – which enables 
resolution authorities to direct the sale of the relevant entity or the whole or part of its business on 
commercial terms; (ii) bridge institution – which enables resolution authorities to transfer all or part of the 
business of the relevant entity to a “bridge institution” (an entity created for this purpose that is wholly or 
partially in public control), which may limit the capacity of the relevant entity to meet its repayment 
obligation; (iii) asset separation – which enables resolution authorities to transfer impaired or problem 
assets to one or more publicly owned asset management vehicles to allow them to be managed with a view 
to maximising their value through eventual sale or orderly wind-down (this can be used together with 
another resolution tool only); and (iv) bail-in, which gives resolution authorities the power to avail itself of 
the general bail-in tool. 
The BRRD also provides for a Member State, in the event that the above resolution tools alone are 
insufficient to maintain financial stability, to be able to provide extraordinary public financial support 
through additional financial stabilisation tools. These consist of the public equity support and temporary 
public ownership tools. Any such extraordinary financial support must be provided in accordance with the 
EU state aid framework. 
A relevant entity will be considered as failing or likely to fail when: (i) it is, or is likely in the near future 
to be, in breach of its requirements for continuing authorisation; (ii) its assets are, or are likely in the near

--- Page 207 ---
192 
future to be, less than its liabilities; (iii) it is, or is likely in the near future to be, unable to pay its debts as 
they fall due; or (iv) it requires extraordinary public financial support (except in limited circumstances). 
In addition to the general bail-in tool, the BRRD provides for resolution authorities to have the further 
power to use non-viability loss absorption. Any shares issued to holders of the Notes upon any such 
conversion into equity may also be subject to any application of the general bail-in tool or other powers 
under the BRRD. 
For the purposes of the application of any non-viability loss absorption measure, the point of non-viability 
under the BRRD is the point at which (i) the relevant authority determines that the relevant entity meets the 
conditions for resolution (but no resolution action has yet been taken) or (ii) the relevant authority or 
authorities, as the case may be, determine(s) that the relevant entity or its group will no longer be viable 
unless the relevant capital instruments (such as the Notes) are written down or converted or (iii) 
extraordinary public financial support is required by the relevant entity other than, where the entity is an 
institution, for the purposes of remedying a serious disturbance in the economy of a Member State and to 
preserve financial stability. 
In the event of non-compliance with the combined requirements, including the Pillar 2 requirements, the 
DNB Group will have to explain the reason therefor to NFSA and present planned measures. 
According to the DNB Group's capital strategy and dividend policy, the capitalisation level is intended to 
support the Bank's AA level rating target for ordinary long-term funding. Dividends will be determined 
based on factors such as the need to maintain satisfactory financial strength and developments in external 
parameters. The Bank’s capitalisation guidelines specify a targeted capitalisation level, the frequency of 
reviews of the Bank’s capital situation and the measurement methods to be used, such as economic capital 
and the use of stress tests.  
The capitalisation targets are based on the DNB Group’s prevailing risk-weighted assets at any given time. 
Basel III 
Basel III is an international regulatory standard on bank capital adequacy, stress testing and market liquidity 
risk issued by the Basel Committee for Banking Supervision.  
Basel III includes updated and new approaches to calculate risk exposure amount (REA) for credit, market 
and operational risk. Basel III has been implemented in EU and EEA by means of CRR/CRD IV: 
• 
CRR (the Capital Requirements Regulation) is a regulation and applies throughout the EU 
independent of national legislation. Through the EEA agreement, Norway is required to comply 
with the regulation. 
• 
CRD (the Capital Requirements Directive) is the legal framework for the supervision of credit 
institutions and investment firms in the EU. In accordance with the EEA agreement, Norway is 
required to transpose the directive into Norwegian legislation. 
CRR/CRD IV was implemented in Norway on 31 December 2019 through amendments to the Financial 
Institutions Act and the CRR/CRD IV Regulation. 
See "Supervision and Regulation—Regulatory Framework in Norway—Capital Requirements—Capital 
adequacy and liquidity requirements – Norwegian requirements— CRR 3/CRD VI Further Basel III 
changes" for information regarding proposed changes to Basel III.

--- Page 208 ---
193 
Capital adequacy 
Risk exposure amount increased from NOK 1,062 billion from 31 December 2022 to NOK 1,100 billion at 
31 December 2023 for DNB Group.  
Risk exposure amount increased from NOK 973 billion from 31 December 2021 to NOK 1,062 billion at 
31 December 2022 for DNB Group.  
The DNB Group's capitalisation level is intended to support the Bank's AA level rating target for ordinary 
long-term funding. See "Risk Factors—Factors that may affect the Issuer’s ability to fulfil its obligations 
under the Notes—Risks Related to the Legal and Regulatory Environments in which the DNB Group 
Operates—Payments on the Notes will be subject to Maximum Distributable Amount restrictions." for the 
DNB Group and DNB Group capital levels. 
Economic capital  
The DNB Group quantifies risk by measuring economic capital. The quantification of economic capital is 
based on statistical probability calculations for the various risk categories on the basis of historical data. 
The DNB Group has defined economic capital as potential losses within a one-year horizon calibrated on 
the 99.9 per cent. confidence interval.  
Internal economic capital is lower than external requirements. As a consequence, economic capital is 
grossed up to a total allocated capital ("TAC") to bridge the gap. TAC and expected losses over a 
normalised business cycle are elements in the calculations of risk-adjusted return, which is a key financial 
parameter in the internal management of the DNB Group. The calculations are included in the financial 
planning for the business areas and are reported quarterly. Risk-adjusted return is included in the prevailing 
pricing models used across the DNB Group and the results thereof are embedded in all business decisions 
by management. The figures are reported on a monthly basis in the management systems. 
The DNB Group quantifies economic capital for the following risk categories: credit risk, market risk, 
operational risk and business risk. A significant diversification or portfolio effect arises when the various 
risks are considered together, as it is unlikely that all losses will occur at the same time. An economic 
downturn will normally have a negative effect on most areas, but there will be a diversification effect, as 
not all areas will be affected equally negatively. The diversification effect between risk categories and 
business areas implies that the DNB Group's economic capital will be lower than if the business areas had 
been independent companies. 
The table below sets forth the economic capital of the DNB Group as of and for the twelve months ended 
31 December 2023 and years ended 31 December 2022 and 2021. 
 
As of 31 December 
 
2023 
2022 
2021 
 
(NOK millions) 
Credit risk 
 
37,156 
37,354 
34,791 
Market risk 
 
9,483 
10,090 
10,359 
Life insurance risk(1) 
 
16,140 
19,963 
21,626 
Operational risk  
8,845 
8,496 
7,835

--- Page 209 ---
194 
 
As of 31 December 
 
2023 
2022 
2021 
 
(NOK millions) 
Business risk 
 
7,619 
6,829 
6,516 
Gross economic capital  
79,234 
82,732 
81,127 
Diversification effect 
 
18,805 
(19,291) 
(18,271) 
Net economic capital 
 
60,438 
63,441 
62,856 
Diversification effect of gross economic capital (per cent.)
 
 
24 
23 
23 
Notes: 
(1) 
Economic capital related to DNB Livsforsikring AS is included in the table, even though it is 
 
outside the regulatory scope (CRD IV group), because it has a significant impact on the Group’s 
 
total economic capital. 
Stress testing 
Stress testing is a key element in the assessment of the DNB Group’s capitalisation and is also used in 
connection with financial planning. Stress tests are used to predict how changes in macroeconomic 
conditions will affect the need for capital. Management is involved in determining the scenarios and 
underlying assumptions that will be used in the stress tests and uses the outcome of such testing as a basis 
for strategies and action plans.  
Important stress tests that are carried out minimum annually in the DNB Group are the following:  
• 
Extensive stress testing of the DNB Group and Boligkreditt are carried out as a part of the annual 
ICAAP reporting, see the chapter on capital management and ICAAP. 
• 
Crisis scenarios are being developed and tested as part of the DNB Group’s recovery plan.  
• 
Stress tests of specific credit portfolios are conducted on an ongoing basis.  
• 
The bank regularly conducts liquidity risk stress tests to ensure that sufficient liquid assets are 
available to meet difficult situations in a satisfactory manner. In addition, Boligkreditt carries out 
its own stress tests of resilience in the event of a fall in housing prices. 
• 
A special stress testing programme for counterparty credit risk has been established, which will 
reveal undesirable outcomes of the total counterparty credit risk exposure, both on a stand-alone 
basis and as part of the bank’s credit risk exposure.  
• 
The Bank regularly performs stress tests for market risk to measure potential losses on the DNB 
Group's holdings and positions based on predefined scenarios and stress factors from changes in 
market prices. 
The DNB Group participates in the stress tests of European banks coordinated by the European Banking 
Authority (“EBA”). The stress tests are conducted every other year, and the next stress test will be in 2025,

--- Page 210 ---
195 
with results expected to be published by the end of July 2025. The stress tests assess European banks’ 
resilience to severe shocks and losses, such as loan losses, market risk and reductions in net interest income, 
and the resulting effects on the banks’ common equity Tier 1 capital ratios. In the EU stress test in 2023, 
the DNB Group was among the best performing banks across Nordic and international peers. 
Risk appetite  
The risk appetite framework forms part of the strategic management of the DNB Group and consists of 
limits and assessment principles for the types of risks that are of particular importance for the DNB Group. 
The risk appetite principles form part of the governance principles on the highest level of the DNB Group’s 
hierarchy of governing documents.  
The DNB Group’s risk appetite framework is decided by the Board of Directors and is reviewed and 
renewed at least once a year.  
The risk appetite framework is implemented throughout the organisation. Risk indicators on lower 
organisational levels underpin the limits in the risk appetite framework. The risk indicators can be in the 
form of limits for quantifiable risk or qualitative assessments of the risk level. They need not be based on 
the same measurement parameters as the ones used at the DNB Group level, but it must be possible to link 
them to the same risk types and measure the same trends. The procedures for monitoring risk indicators are 
tailored to the individual business areas and are meant to ensure that risk is kept within the level stipulated 
in the risk appetite framework. 
The risk level is measured against the risk appetite framework every month and provides an overall 
summary of the risk situation in the DNB Group. The risk appetite framework includes 16 dimensions of 
risk, across risk types and business areas.  The table shows an overview of the framework and associated 
dimensions that were applied at the end of 2022: 
 
Risk type: 
Dimensions: 
Profitability 
and 
loss-absorbing 
ability: 
Risk-adjusted return 
Capital adequacy: 
CET1 ratio 
Solvency Margin, DNB Livsforsikring AS, without transitional rules 
Market risk: 
Market risk, measured as a share of financial capital;  
Credit risk: 
Concentration risk, within industries and counterparties; 
Credit quality (expected credit loss), total and per customer segment; 
Credit growth, total and per customer segment 
Liquidity risk: 
Reserve (LCR) / (Long-term funding (NSFR));  
Deposits to loans 
Operational risk: 
IT Risk – IT operations, forward-looking risk assessment; 
IT Risk – operations, retrospective risk assessment;

--- Page 211 ---
196 
Past operational losses 
Cybersecurity risk  
Reputational risk: 
Overall risk assessment and reputational measurement 
Risk types 
Risk management covers both financial and non-financial risk and includes the following types of risk: 
credit risk, market risk, counterparty credit risk, liquidity risk, operational risk and business risk. 
In addition to the risks mentioned above, the following risks are to be considered in the management of all 
risk types: concentration risk, sustainability risk, reputation risk and compliance risk. 
Definition of risk types 
Business risk is the risk of profit fluctuations due to changes in external factors such as the market situation, 
government regulations or weakened reputation. The DNB Group's business risk is generally handled 
through the strategy process and through on-going work to safeguard and improve the DNB Group's 
reputation. 
Compliance risk is the risk of the DNB Group failing to comply with external regulations or internal rules 
derived from external regulations. 
Counterparty credit risk is a form of credit risk that arises in connection with trades in financial instruments, 
such as derivatives, securities financing transactions or repurchase agreements ("repos") of collateral. 
Derivatives are most often traded Over-the-Counter (OTC), i.e. by individual contracts between two 
counterparties. Counterparty credit risk is the risk that the counterparty will fail to perform its contractual 
obligations in a transaction, and it differs from other credit risks in that the exposure usually depends on 
market risk factors, such as interest rates or exchange rates, commodity prices or share prices. 
Credit risk is the risk of financial losses due to failure by the DNB Group's customers to meet their payment 
obligations towards the DNB Group. Credit risk refers to all claims against customers, mainly loans, but 
also commitments in the form of other extended credits, guarantees, interest-bearing securities, unutilised 
credit lines, derivative trading and interbank deposits. Credit risk also includes concentration risk, which is 
risk associated with large exposures to a single customer or concentration within geographical areas, within 
industries or related to homogeneous customer groups. 
Concentration risk can arise within or across different risk types and consists of risks that unilaterally or 
mutually affect each other negatively and which in total can result in large losses or change the DNB 
Group's risk profile. Concentration risk is typically found within these risk types: credit, market, liquidity 
and operational risk. 
Sustainability risk arises from events related to Environmental, Social and Governance (“ESG”) factors, 
which may negatively effect on the value for investments or the value of liabilities. These ESG factors can 
affect a number of risk types within both financial and non-financial risk and are most often manifested in 
these cross dimensional risk types: 
• 
Transition risk - Risk linked to the consequences of political, regulatory or technological 
development during the transition to a low emission society. 
• 
Physical climate risk- Risk related to the consequences of physical changes in the environment. 
The DNB Group divides physical climate risk according to how fast the risk occurs.

--- Page 212 ---
197 
Liquidity risk is the risk that the DNB Group will be unable to meet its obligations as they fall due or will 
be unable to meet its liquidity obligations without a substantial rise in associated costs. Liquidity is vital 
for financial operations, but this risk does not materialise until other events give rise to concern about the 
DNB Group's ability to meet its financial obligations. 
Market risk is the risk of potential losses due to unhedged positions in the foreign exchange, interest rate, 
commodity and equity markets. The risk reflects potential fluctuations in returns and values due to changes 
in market prices or rates. Market risk occurs in several segments of the DNB Group and includes both risk 
which arises through ordinary trading activities, and risks related to assets and liabilities positions stemming 
from banking activities and other business operations. In addition, market risk arises in DNB Livsforsikring 
through the risk that the return on financial assets will not be sufficient to meet the obligations specified in 
agreements with customers. Residual value risk is the risk that the value of collateral securing exposure is 
lower than expected. Residual value risk is included in credit risk in the capital adequacy framework, but 
in internal DNB Group reporting it is included as market risk.  
Operational risk is the risk of loss resulting from inadequate or failed processes, people and systems or from 
external events. 
Reputational risk: A company's reputation is a crucial factor in ensuring sustainable operations over the 
long term. For DNB, reputation is most often assessed in connection with confidence in the DNB brand. 
Credit risk 
According to the DNB Group's credit risk framework, the principal objective for credit activity is that the 
loan portfolio should have a quality and a composition which secure the DNB Group's profitability in the 
short and long term. The quality of the credit portfolio should be consistent with the DNB Group's low risk 
profile target. 
The risk appetite framework defines maximum limits for credit exposure. Limits have been set for annual 
growth, risk concentrations and credit quality. There is an upper limit for growth, measured in terms of 
EAD, for each customer segment. To limit concentration risk, there are limits for risk exposure on 
individual customers and industry segments. The limits for credit quality are defined as limits for Expected 
Credit Loss (“ECL”) and applies to all types of credit risk. ECL is measured using internal credit risk 
models and forward-looking macroeconomic assumptions.  
In addition to the risk appetite framework, there are credit strategies for the individual customer segments. 
Furthermore, there are established risk indicators, which are used for monitoring managers on all levels. 
The DNB Group's credit risk framework regulates credit activity in the Bank. A customer's debt servicing 
capacity is the key element when considering whether to approve a credit. If a customer has not proven a 
satisfactory debt servicing capacity, credit should normally not be extended even if the collateral is 
adequate. The value of collateral is intended to be assessed based on estimated realisation value. 
All corporate customers granted credit must be classified according to risk in connection with every 
significant credit approval and, unless otherwise decided, at least once a year. Risk classification reflects 
long-term risk associated with each customer and the customer's credit commitment. The DNB Group has 
extensive experience with classification systems as support for credit decisions and monitoring. Data and 
analytical tools are an integrated part of risk management. 
Credits showing a negative development are identified and followed up separately. If financial covenants 
have been breached, or if a loss event has occurred in cases where no impairment losses have been made, 
the credit will be put on a watch list for special monitoring. Loss events include serious financial problems 
on the part of the debtor, the approval of grace periods due to the debtor's financial problems or serious 
breaches of contract. In addition, customers classified as high risk are also considered as watch list

--- Page 213 ---
198 
candidates. When a customer is placed on a watch list, a new risk classification is made, the collateral 
reviewed and an action plan prepared for the customer relationship. Each time the commitment is reviewed, 
an assessment is made of whether a loss event has occurred. If a loss event has occurred, a loan loss equation 
is prepared, which in turn may result in impairment losses. 
Exposure to the limits set in the risk appetite framework is reported to group management each month. If 
the limits are exceeded, it will be immediately reported to the Board, accompanied by an action plan 
explaining how the risk will be handled. A quarterly risk report for the DNB Group is distributed to the 
Board, giving an extensive description of the risk appetite status and other developments in the risk 
situation. 
Developments in credit risk are monitored closely. Each month, the credit portfolios are analysed and 
reported along several dimensions, such as industry segment, customer segment and geography. This 
reporting is undertaken by a unit that is independent of the business units. In the internal monitoring of 
credit risk, all portfolios are measured and reported according to IRB models, independent of whether the 
portfolio is scored in models approved for use in capital adequacy calculations. 
Economic capital for credit risk is calculated for all facilities and forms the basis for assessing the 
profitability of the individual facilities.  
The DNB Group's credit risk models provide a basis for statistically based calculations of expected credit 
losses and economic capital. The calculations are based on several IRB risk parameters, with the most 
important being: 
• 
Probability of default (“PD”), which is used to measure credit quality. Customers are classified 
based on the probability of default. 
• 
Exposure at default (EAD), which is an estimated figure which includes amounts drawn under 
credit limits or loans as well as a percentage share of committed, undrawn credit lines. 
• 
Loss given default (LGD), which indicates how much the DNB Group expects to lose if the 
customer fails to meet his or her obligations, taking into account the collateral provided by the 
customer and other relevant factors. 
The DNB Group divides its portfolio into ten risk grades based on the PD for each commitment. 
Commitments in default, categorised as defaulted, are assigned a PD of 100.0 per cent. 
Validation is a key element in assuring the quality of the IRB system and can be divided into quantitative 
and qualitative validation. Quantitative validation tests the risk models, whereas qualitative validation tests 
the structure of the IRB system and whether it is used as intended. At least once a year, the Board is required 
to present a validation report detailing whether the DNB Group's credit risk is adequately classified and 
quantified. 
Market risk 
Overall risk limits are established for market risk in the risk appetite framework, expressed as the maximum 
share of economic capital. The risk appetite framework for market risk is operationalised in the form of 
limits for each type of risk. The limits for significant market risk exposures are determined by the Board. 
Limits are set at least annually and will automatically expire if not renewed. The limits are delegated by the 
Board to the CEO, who delegates them further to risk-taking entities that make investment or trading 
decisions. If limits are breached, this must be reported immediately both to whomever delegated the limits 
and to GRM.

--- Page 214 ---
199 
Administrative limits and escalation levels are set for exposures that are defined as less significant. Such 
limits are used when there is a need for operational scope of action. Administrative limits are determined 
by the Group Executive Vice Presidents. Any changes to administrative limits must be reported to GRM 
and the CRO. 
Economic capital for market risk should, at a confidence level of 99.9 per cent., cover all potential losses 
related to market risk on a one-year time horizon. Exposure included in the model for calculating economic 
capital could be either actual exposure or limits and constitutes a conservative estimate where the DNB 
Group is assumed always to be incorrectly positioned relative to market developments.  
Economic capital is calculated on the basis of expected developments in the value of an asset class or risk 
factor. To estimate annual losses, the value of each underlying instrument is simulated over a period of one 
year. Subsequent to this, losses for each potential realisation period are estimated.  
Value at Risk (“VaR”) is used to compare risk across asset classes, and to monitor the level of risk for each 
risk type. VaR is calculated for interest rate, equity and currency risk attached to both banking and trading 
activities. In 2021, the VaR for interest rate risk associated with trading activities ranged between NOK 
19.7 million and NOK 32.0 million. In 2022, the VaR for interest rate risk associated with trading activities 
ranged between NOK 8.9 million and NOK 27 million. In 2023, the VaR for interest rate risk associated 
with trading activities ranged between NOK 26.9 million and NOK 5.8 million. 
The economic capital for total market risk in the DNB Group (post-merger) was NOK 10.6 billion at 31 
December 2021, compared to NOK 10.1 billion at 31 December 2022. 
The value of items on and off the balance sheet is affected by interest rate movements. The interest rate 
sensitivity table below shows potential losses for the DNB Group excluding Poland resulting from parallel 
one percentage point changes in all interest rates. The calculations are based on a hypothetical situation 
where interest rate movements in all currencies are unfavourable for the DNB Group relative to the Bank’s 
positions. Also, all interest rate movements within the same interval are unfavourable for the DNB Group. 
The figures will thus reflect maximum losses for the DNB Group. 
The calculations are based on the DNB Group positions as at 31 December and market rates on the same 
date. The table does not include administrative interest rate risk and interest rate risk tied to non-interest-
earning assets.  
Amounts in NOK million 
Up to 1 
month 
From 1 
months 
to 3 
months 
From 3 
months 
to 1 year 
From 1 
year to 5 
years 
Over 5 
years 
Total 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
31 December 2022 
 
 
 
 
 
 
NOK 
491 
388 
82 
27 
29 
78 
USD 
30 
63 
63 
21 
9 
19 
EUR 
9 
103 
29 
13 
29 
139 
GBP 
16 
8 
3 
1 
2 
27 
SEK 
19 
25 
28 
2 
8 
66 
Other currencies 
3 
33 
9 
4 
4 
44

--- Page 215 ---
200 
Amounts in NOK million 
Up to 1 
month 
From 1 
months 
to 3 
months 
From 3 
months 
to 1 year 
From 1 
year to 5 
years 
Over 5 
years 
Total 
31 December 2021 
 
 
 
 
 
 
NOK 
798 
357 
196 
153 
344 
55 
USD 
63 
11 
63 
105 
35 
256 
EUR 
17 
55 
35 
8 
24 
41 
GBP 
3 
0 
16 
0 
1 
19 
SEK 
13 
70 
14 
5 
14 
62 
Other currencies 
9 
31 
6 
4 
4 
42 
Notes: 
(1) 
Applies to the DNB Group excluding DNB Livsforsikring AS and DNB Bank Polska S.A 
The table shows interest rate sensitivity associated with financial assets in DNB Livsforsikring, excluding 
commercial paper and bonds held to maturity. The interest rate sensitivity of a security shows potential 
changes in the security’s value resulting from a one percentage point change in interest rates. 
 
Amounts in NOK million 
Up to 1 
month 
From 1 
months 
to 3 
months 
From 3 
months 
to 1 year 
From 1 
year to 5 
years 
Over 5 
years 
Total 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
31 December 2022 
 
 
 
 
 
 
NOK 
6 
11 
74 
249 
276 
616 
USD 
1 
2 
30 
30 
144 
145 
EUR 
5 
3 
2 
10 
53 
60 
GBP 
0 
0 
1 
0 
17 
17 
Other currencies 
1 
1 
4 
0 
9 
4 
31 December 2021 
 
 
 
 
 
 
NOK 
6 
40 
76 
552 
1022 
1,696 
USD 
0 
11 
24 
91 
414 
475 
EUR 
2 
12 
6 
46 
98 
136 
GBP 
0 
0 
1 
3 
46 
48 
Other currencies 
0 
2 
14 
0 
24 
8 
 
Liquidity risk 
Liquidity risk is the risk that the DNB Group will be unable to meet its obligations as they fall due, and the 
risk that the DNB Group will be unable to meet its liquidity obligations without a substantial rise in 
appurtenant costs. Liquidity is vital to financial operations, though this risk category will often be

--- Page 216 ---
201 
conditional in the respect that it will not materialise until other events give rise to concern regarding the 
DNB Group's ability to meet its obligations. 
Liquidity risk management and measurement 
Liquidity risk is managed and measured by several techniques, as no single technique can fully quantify 
this type of risk. The techniques include the monitoring of balance sheet key ratios, average residual 
maturity on term funding and future funding requirements, including refinancing needs.  
The Bank's liquidity management is organised based on a clear authorisation and reporting structure and is 
in accordance with the regulations on prudent liquidity management. The Board of Directors regularly 
reviews the Bank's liquidity risk and determines limits and guidelines. The Board reviews the limits each 
year or more frequently if required. The limit structure for liquidity risk is in compliance with the structure 
in the Basel III framework. The limits for LCR and NSFR are part of the DNB Group's risk appetite 
framework, along with the ratio of deposits to net loans. 
Liquidity risk is managed through short and long-term limits. The short-term limits are based on the LCR 
methodology with horizons of seven, 30, and 90 days. The long-term NSFR limits set requirements for the 
share of lending and other illiquid assets which is to be financed by stable sources such as customer deposits 
or funding with a residual maturity of minimum 12 months. In addition, the bank operates with thresholds 
for the deposits-to-loans ratio and average remaining time to maturity on long-term market funding. The 
bank has an ambition to have unencumbered mortgages equivalent to at least one year redemption in senior 
and senior non-preferred debt. 
In addition to maintaining a broad deposit and funding base from both retail and corporate customers, 
liquidity management in the DNB Group aims to ensure diversified funding of other business activities. In 
many countries like Norway, with small domestic financial markets, banks rely on international funding in 
various currencies for part of their lending in the domestic market. As part of the diversification of funding 
sources, DNB Group focuses on having good relationships with a large number of international investors. 
The Bank is a regular issuer of short- and long-term debt securities in the Norwegian and international 
capital markets. 
Covered bonds are an important instrument for long-term funding. The bonds are issued by the Bank's 
subsidiaries Boligkreditt and Sbanken Boligkreditt AS and are secured by the Bank's residential mortgage 
portfolios. During periods of turmoil, covered bonds have proved to be a more robust and considerably 
lower priced funding instrument than ordinary senior bonds. 
The Bank has a short-term commercial paper program in the United States, through its USD 25 billion 
USCP Program with maturities of up to 13 months. U.S. short-term funding sources are further diversified 
through a so-called Yankee CD Program, totalling USD 25 billion, with maturities of up to 36 months. The 
certificates of deposits are issued by the Bank's New York Branch. This has helped ensure stable short-term 
funding in the U.S. market during periods of turbulence in other markets. In Europe, the Bank has a multi-
currency EUR 15 billion ECP/CD Program with maturities of up to 12 months, which is operated out of the 
head office in Oslo and provides funding from the European market.  
As a bank with a high credit rating in a relatively strong economy, the Bank attracts substantial funds from 
other banks, central banks and money market funds. These include both operating deposits and excess 
liquidity from both domestic and international banks. A large portion of these funds represents short-term 
deposits from money market funds which also have short-term deposits in central banks.  
Even though the Bank is a well-established international borrower that has enjoyed ample access to 
international markets during periods of market turbulence, it also uses the domestic market for 
diversification purposes. The Norwegian domestic covered bond market has outgrown the Norwegian

--- Page 217 ---
202 
government bond market in terms of outstanding volumes and is regarded by market participants as being 
just as liquid as the government bond market. 
As an element in ongoing liquidity management, the Bank needs to have a holding of securities that can be 
used to regulate the DNB Group's liquidity requirements and serve as collateral for operations in the 
currencies in which the bank is active. The securities are used, among other things, as collateral for short-
term loans in central banks and serve as liquidity buffers to fulfil regulatory liquidity requirements. Market 
risk in the liquidity portfolio is measured on an ongoing basis. In addition, developments in the credit rating 
of the underlying securities are followed up and reported on an ongoing basis. 
At 31 December 2023, the liquid assets totalled NOK 824 billon. The Norwegian liquidity portfolio totalled 
NOK 231 billion at 31 December 2023. At year-end 2022 the liquid assets totalled NOK 683 billon. The 
Norwegian liquidity portfolio totalled NOK 227 billion at year-end 2022. At year-end 2021 the liquid assets 
totalled NOK 576 billon. The Norwegian liquidity portfolio totalled NOK 166 billion at year-end 2021, of 
which NOK 90 billion represented Norwegian government and other public sector bonds.  
Operational risk 
The operational risk situation in 2023 was satisfactory. The level of losses was below the limit in the risk 
appetite framework. In the banking industry, there is high risk of data fraud, whereby confidential 
information goes astray or the bank is exposed to digital attacks and data vandalism. Measures to strengthen 
information security in the DNB Group have been identified in order to meet an ever-more serious threat 
scenario. Strong emphasis is being placed on strengthening the DNB Group's security solutions to counter 
digital attacks.  
The greatest operational risk is information security and is associated with extensive and increasingly 
advanced cyber-attacks. IT and payment systems are closely monitored to identify and prevent possible 
cyber-attacks and fraud attempts. IT operational performance was stable during the year, with few critical 
incidents. 
The DNB Group quantifies operational risk by measuring economic capital. For most areas the calculation 
is the same as the standardised method in CRR.  
Management of operational risk shall contribute to efficient and successful operations. The DNB Group 
has a goal of low operational risk and low annual losses. The Board has the main responsibility for 
operational risk management in the DNB Group, which is handled by the Risk Management Committee. 
This entails establishing a sound risk culture and clearly delegating responsibility for ongoing monitoring 
and control of operational risk. All managers in the DNB Group are required to be aware of and manage 
operational risk in their own processes, systems, products and services.  
The responsibility for operational risk lies in the business and support areas. The largest areas have their 
own departments working on this. The Group Operational Risk Division in GRM is the DNB Group's 
central specialist unit for operational risk management and constitutes the DNB Group's second-line 
defence for operational risk. Group Operational Risk is an independent control function with responsibility 
for the framework for operational risk management, group reporting and risk reduction through insurance. 
Group Operational Risk is also responsible for the maintenance and development of the DNB Group's risk 
management tools, which facilitate comprehensive management and measurement of risk and compliance. 
Dedicated operational risk officers have been established affiliated with Group Operational Risk to monitor 
operational risk in all business and support areas.  
The DNB Group's risk appetite sets the limits for how much operational risk the DNB Group is willing to 
accept. Risk identification and assessment, together with registration and follow-up of operational events, 
shall provide an overall picture of the operational risk and contribute to reliable measurement of risk. See 
"Risk and Capital Management―Responsibilities and organisation" for further information.

--- Page 218 ---
203 
Operational loss events in the DNB Group are registered, reported and followed up on an ongoing basis in 
the DNB Group's event database. Compliance breaches are registered in the database as well. 
The annual internal control assessment is a key element in the DNB Group's operational risk management. 
All of the DNB Group's business areas and staff and support units carry out a self-assessment of their 
current status in this field, combined with a process to identify areas of risk that more units may have in 
common. Thereafter, concrete risk-mitigating measures are identified. These processes are part of the DNB 
Group's internal control reporting. In addition, developments in operational risk are reported each quarter 
to group management and the Board of Directors as an element in the DNB Group's risk reporting. 
The DNB Group's insurance coverage is an element in operational risk management. Insurance contracts 
are entered into to limit the financial consequences of undesirable events which occur in spite of established 
security routines and other risk-mitigating measures. The insurance program also covers legal liabilities the 
DNB Group may face related to its operations. 
Business risk 
Business risk is manifested in an unexpected decline in profits. Such a decline can be caused by competitive 
conditions resulting in lower volumes and pressure on prices, competitors introducing new products, 
government regulations or negative media coverage. Losses arise if the DNB Group fails to adapt its cost 
base to such changes. 
Negative media coverage may be a consequence of other risk factors but is handled as business risk in the 
DNB Group. A damaged reputation can have an adverse impact on all business areas, independent of where 
in the DNB Group or in the rest of the financial industry the original incident occurred. 
In 2023, DNB's reputation, as measured by Traction, was lower than DNB's target. Among other things, 
increased interest rates and the extensive effort to have all customers renew their proof of identity have led 
to negative media reports and frustration among some customers.  
As business risk may arise due to various risk factors, a broad range of tools is applied to identify and report 
such risk. 
Sound strategic planning is instrumental in reducing business risk. Reputational risk is managed through 
policies and business activities, including compliance. 
The DNB Group's active commitment to corporate social responsibility and the code of ethics for 
employees also have a positive impact on business risk. 
Reputational risk is managed by monitoring media coverage, while the competitive situation is managed 
by analysing market trends and developments in market shares. 
The DNB Group has developed a model for calculating business risk per business area. The model is based 
on past fluctuations in income and costs and is structured so that if all other factors are kept constant, high-
income volatility raises the risk level and thus economic capital. Vice versa, a highly flexible cost structure 
will reduce economic capital. 
Quality of non-performing exposures by geography 
The table shows quality of non-performing exposures divided into on-balance sheet and off-balance sheet 
exposures. Further it shows the most significant geographical areas. The geographical breakdown is based 
on the residence of the counterparty. Most of the credit portfolio is linked to Norway or Norwegian 
customers. The gross carrying amount of non-performing exposures amounted to NOK 31,086 million at 
31 December 2022. The geographical area with the highest volume of non-performing exposures is

--- Page 219 ---
204 
Norway, while the areas with the highest share of non-performing exposures in relation to total exposures 
are Other countries (3 per cent) followed by the UK (2 per cent). Other countries are exposures to 
geographical areas that are not deemed material. 
 
 
Gross carrying/Nominal amount 
 
 
 
Amounts in 
NOK million 
 
Of which: Non-
performing 
Of which: 
Subject to 
impairment 
Accumula
ted 
impairme
nt 
Provisions 
on off-
balance 
sheet 
commitmen
ts and 
financial 
guarantee 
given 
Accumulated 
negative 
changes in 
fair value 
due to credit 
risk on non-
performing 
exposures  
 
Off which: 
Defaulted 
On balance 
sheet 
exposures  
2,304,914 
27,842 
27,842 
2,111,504 
(8,185) 
 
 
Norway 
1,638,441 
16,880 
16,880 
1,560,948 
(5,486) 
 
 
Germany 
226,531 
1,000 
1,000 
150,225 
(255) 
 
 
Sweden 
47,297 
8 
8 
42,221 
(26) 
 
 
UK 
35,908 
1,092 
1,092 
35,541 
(187) 
 
 
USA 
36,880 
12 
12 
35,335 
(19) 
 
 
International 
organisations 
40,133 
 
 
7,510 
 
 
 
Other 
countries 
279,724 
8,850 
8,850 
279,724 
(2,212) 
 
 
Off balance 
sheet 
exposures 
763,567 
3,244 
3,244 
 
 
(620) 
 
Norway 
512,513 
1,324 
1,324 
 
 
(310) 
 
Sweden 
67,416 
56 
56 
 
 
(59) 
 
USA  
70,046 
0 
0 
 
 
(13) 
 
UK 
28,572 
67 
67 
 
 
(9) 
 
Denmark 
12,723 
3 
3 
 
 
(13) 
 
Other 
countries 
72,298 
1,793 
1,793 
 
 
(216) 
 
Total  
3,068,482 
31,086 
31,086 
2,111,504 
(8,185) 
(620)

--- Page 220 ---
205 
MANAGEMENT 
Board of Directors 
Responsibilities and organisation 
The Board determines principal goals, strategic choices and financial plans for the DNB Group and is 
continually updated on the DNB Group’s financial position and development by approving quarterly and 
annual reports and through a monthly review of the DNB Group’s financial position and development. 
Furthermore, the Board ensures that operations are subject to adequate control and that the DNB Group’s 
capital position is satisfactory relative to the risk and scale of operations. In order to perform its 
responsibilities, the Board must make such inquiries as it considers necessary and must also supervise the 
day-to-day management of the Bank and its business in general. In accordance with the Bank’s articles of 
association, the Board must consist of between nine and eleven members. Three of the members, including 
the deputy members, shall, if required by a majority of the employees, be employed in a company in the 
DNB Group. Members are elected for terms of up to two years. The Chairperson and Vice-chairperson are 
elected separately by the annual general meeting for a term of up to two years. The current Chairperson is 
Olaug Svarva and the current Vice-chairperson is Jens Petter Olsen. The total remuneration paid to the 
Board in 2022 (excluding remuneration received as employees of the Bank) was NOK 6.45 million. Set 
forth below are details regarding the members of the Board.  
Name 
Current position 
Member since 
End of current term 
Olaug Svarva 
Chair 
2018 
2024 
Jens Petter Olsen 
Vice chair 
2019 (vice chair 
since 2023) 
2025 
Gro Bakstad 
Board member 
2019 
2025 
Kim Wahl 
Board member 
2013 
2024 
Julie Galbo 
Board member 
2020 
2024 
Christine Bosse 
Board member 
2023 
2025 
Petter-Børre Furberg 
Board Member 
2023 
2025 
Lillian Hattrem 
Board employee 
representative 
2016 
2024 
Jannicke Telle Skaanes 
Board employee 
representative 
2022 
2024 
Stian Tegler Samuelsen 
Board employee 
representative 
2020 
2024 
The business address of the Board of Directors is c/o DNB Bank ASA, Dronning Eufemias gate 30, 0191 
Oslo, Norway.

--- Page 221 ---
206 
Biographies of the Board of Directors  
Set out below are brief biographies of the members of the Board, including their relevant management 
expertise and experience, an indication of any significant principal activities performed by them outside the 
DNB Group and the names of companies and partnerships of which any member of the Board is or has 
been a member of the administrative, management or supervisory bodies or partner during the previous five 
years (not including directorships and executive management positions in subsidiaries of the Company).  
Olaug Svarva, chairperson, Ms Svarva holds an MBA and B.Sc. from the University of Denver, is an 
authorised portfolio manager from the Norwegian School of Economics and is a graduate from Trondheim 
Economic University College. She was CEO of Folketrygdfondet (the Government Pension Fund Norway) 
from 2006 to 2018, where she previously held the role of investment director for Equities. She is the former 
managing director of SpareBank 1 Aktiv Forvaltning and was head of investment management at 
SpareBank 1 Livsforsikring. Additionally, Ms Svarva worked as a financial analyst in Carnegie and the 
DNB Group.  
Other key positions of trust: Chairperson of the board of Norfund, member of the boards of the Institute of 
International Finance, Investinor AS and Freyr Battery.  
Jens Petter Olsen, Vice chair, Mr Olsen holds a master's degree in business administration (higher 
division) from the Norwegian School of Economics, as well as Master of Philosophy in finance, and 
participated in the PhD program at London Business School. He was employed in Norges Bank and Norges 
Bank Investment Management (NBIM) from 1997 to 2008 and headed the office in New York from 2000 
to 2008. He held several positions in Danske Bank from 2008 to 2018, including head of Markets Norway 
from 2011 to 2014 and head of Capital Markets from 2014 to 2018. 
Gro Bakstad, Member, Ms Bakstad holds a master’s degree in economics and business administration 
('Siviløkonom') and is a state-authorised public accountant from the Norwegian School of Economics. She 
has extensive experience within economics, finance and strategy work, and has been CEO in the transport 
group Vy since 2020. Former Chief Financial Officer of Posten Norge AS, financial adviser at Procorp, she 
has been Chief Financial Officer of Ocean Rig and Executive Vice President for the Mail Division at Posten 
Norge AS. 
Other key positions of trust: Chairperson of the board of directors of Veidekke ASA. 
Kim Wahl, Member, Mr Wahl holds an MBA from Harvard University. He has been chairperson the 
board of directors and owner of the private investment company Strømstangen AS. He was co-founder of 
the European Private Equity firm IK Investment Partners, where he was partner and vice-chairperson for 
20 years. He also has experience from the US investment bank Goldman Sachs in London and New York. 
Other key positions of trust: Chairperson of the board of directors and co-founder of the Voxtra Foundation. 
Member of the board of directors of UPM Kymmene Corporation. 
Julie Galbo, Member, Ms Galbo holds a law degree from the University of Copenhagen and has completed 
the Executive Management Program at Insead.  
She is a former member of the group management of Nordea, holding positions such as Head of Group 
Business Risk Management, Chief Risk Officer and Head of Legal Structure Program. She has been a 
member of the Senior Executive Management in Nordea Asset Management. She has further been Deputy 
Director of the Financial Supervisory Authority of Denmark and head of government capital contributions.  
Other key positions of trust: Member of the board of directors of Trifork Holding AG, Velliv, Pension & 
Livsforsikring A/S and Commonwealth Bank of Australia.

--- Page 222 ---
207 
Christine Bosse, Member Ms Bosse holds a Master in Law from the University of Copenhagen.  
She is the former Group CEO of the Danish insurance company TrygVesta, where she has held different 
positions in the period from 1990 to 2011.  
Other key positions of trust: Chair of the board of directors of Nunagreen and member of the board of 
directors of Allianze, Preventic Group and SSCP Excellence BidCo (AssistansBolaget). 
Petter-Børre Furberg, Member Mr Furberg studied at the NHH Norwegian School of Economics and 
Business Administration.  
He is presently Executive Vice President and Head of Telenor Nordics in the Norwegian telecom company 
Telenor ASA, where he has held different positions from 1998 up until today.  
Other key positions of trust: Chair of the board of directors of the Finnish telecom company DNA Oyj.  
Lillian Hattrem, Member, employee representative, Ms Hattrem has education in finance from BI 
Norwegian Business School and joined the DNB Group in 1999. 
Other key positions of trust: Chief employee representative, Finance Sector Union DNB, Member of the 
Executive Committee of the Finance Sector Union of Norway.  
Stian Tegler Samuelsen, Member, employee representative, Mr Samuelsen joined the DNB Group in 
1986, and has been chief employee representative/safety representative since 2001. 
Other key positions of trust: Chief employee representative on the board of the Finance Sector Union DNB. 
Head of the department for Buskerud in the Finance Sector Union.  
Jannicke Telle Skaanes, Member, employee representative, Ms. Skaanes has a Bachelor's degree and a 
Master's degree in Management from the BI Norwegian Business School. She joined the DNB Group in 
2006.  
Other key positions of trust: Chief employee representative at DNB and chairperson of the board of the 
Finans & Teknologi worker's union. 
Independence 
The Bank complies with applicable rules regarding the independence of the Board. 
Board committees 
To ensure the Board’s smooth functioning, the Board has established a risk management committee, an 
audit committee, and a compensation and organisation committee. See above under "Risk and Capital 
Management". 
Bank Management 
Responsibilities and organisation 
The Bank’s executive management team consists of 12 members. The CEO is appointed by the Board is 
responsible for the Bank’s day-to-day management. Responsibility for the management of the Bank is 
distributed among the business areas. The table below sets out the name, current position, year of 
appointment and business address for each of the members of the executive management team.

--- Page 223 ---
208 
Name 
Current position 
Year of 
appointment 
Business address 
Kjerstin 
Braathen 
CEO 
2019 
DNB Bank ASA 
Dronning Eufemias gate 
30, 0191 Oslo 
Ida Lerner  
CFO 
2021 
DNB Bank ASA 
Dronning Eufemias gate 
30, 0191 Oslo 
Anne Sigrun 
Moen 
Group Executive Vice 
President of People 
2021 
DNB Bank ASA 
Dronning Eufemias gate 
30, 0191 Oslo 
Per Kristian 
Næss-Fladset 
Group executive vice-
president 
Payments and Innovation 
2023 
DNB Bank ASA 
Dronning Eufemias gate 
30, 0191 Oslo  
Håkon Hansen 
Group executive vice-
president 
Wealth Management 
2018 
DNB Bank ASA 
Dronning Eufemias gate 
30, 0191 Oslo  
Sverre Krog 
Group executive vice-
president 
Risk management 
2021 
DNB Bank ASA 
Dronning Eufemias gate 
30, 0191 Oslo 
Maria Ervik 
Løvold 
Group executive vice-
president 
Technology & Services 
2019 
DNB Bank ASA 
Dronning Eufemias gate 
30, 0191 Oslo  
Even Westerveld 
Group executive vice-
president  
Communications & 
Sustainability 
2023 
DNB Bank ASA 
Dronning Eufemias gate 
30, 0191 Oslo  
Alexander 
Opstad 
Group executive vice-
president  
DNB Markets 
2019 
DNB Bank ASA 
Dronning Eufemias gate 
30, 0191 Oslo 
Harald Serck-
Hanssen 
Group executive vice-
president  
Corporate Banking  
2013 
DNB Bank ASA 
Dronning Eufemias gate 
30, 0191 Oslo  
Ingjerd Blekeli 
Spiten  
Group executive vice-
president  
Personal Banking 
2018 
DNB Bank ASA  
Dronning Eufemias gate 
30, 0191 Oslo 
Fredrik Berger 
Group executive vice-
president  
Group Compliance 
2023 
DNB Bank ASA  
Dronning Eufemias gate 
30, 0191 Oslo 
Kjerstin Braathen 
Chief Executive Officer since September 2019. Chairperson of Vipps AS. 
Former chief financial officer, Former group executive vice president for Corporate Banking Norway. Has 
many years' experience from the Shipping, Offshore and Logistics division. Joined the DNB Group in 1999. 
Prior professional experience from Hydro Agri International.  
Master in Management degree from the École Supérieure de Commerce de Nice Sophia Antipolis. 
Ida Lerner 
Chief Financial Officer since 1 November 2021.

--- Page 224 ---
209 
Background: Former Head of Risk Management, former Head of DNB CEMEA in London, and former 
Head of Customer Analysis in DNB CEMEA. Joined the DNB Group in 2007. Previous experience from 
HSBC and Nordea. 
Holds a Bachelor of Social Science with a major in Economics from the University of Stockholm. 
Anne Sigrun Moen 
Group Executive Vice President of People since 2021. 
Former Senior Advisor and Head of Division within Human Relations at the DNB Group from 2007-2018.  
Other professional experience includes positions as director of human resources in the Norwegian Tax 
Administration ("Skatteetaten"), human resources manager at DNV Maritime, principal consultant at 
DNV Learning and educational advisor at DNV Veritasskolen. Master's degree from Oslo College of 
Education and a Bachelor's degree from the University of Oslo. 
Ingjerd Blekeli Spiten 
Group Executive Vice President of Personal Banking since January 2018. 
Currently Senior Vice President Global Products at Telenor. Has previously worked as COO in Microsoft, 
and been employed in the DNB Group for eight years, most recently as head of eBusiness. Former owner 
and strategic advisor in Poio AS. Chairperson of the board of directors of DNB Eiendom AS and member 
of the board of directors of Fremtind Forsikring AS. 
Master of Science in Business from BI Norwegian Business School. 
Harald Serck-Hanssen  
Group Executive Vice President of Corporate Banking since 2019. Former head of the Shipping, Offshore 
and Logistics Division. Joined the DNB Group in 1998. Prior professional experience from StoltNielsen 
Shipping and Odfjell Group. Member of the board of directors of DigitalNorway. 
BA (Hons) degree in business studies from the University of Stirling and Advanced Management Program 
at INSEAD Fontainebleau.  
Alexander Opstad 
Group Executive Vice President of DNB Markets since 2019 
Prior positions in the DNB Group: Various positions within the Equities division of DNB Markets. Head 
of Equity Sales in London, global head of the equities division and part of the DNB Markets management 
team. Joined the DNB Group in 2005. 
Key positions of trust include: Chairperson of the board of directors of DNB Markets, Inc., member of the 
board of directors of the Norwegian Securities Dealers Association. 
Master of Science in Business from BI Norwegian Business School. 
Håkon Hansen 
Group Executive Vice President of Wealth Management & Insurance since 2018.

--- Page 225 ---
210 
Background: Head of Private Banking and former head of DNB Luxembourg for ten years. Started his 
career with the DNB Group in 1987 in what was then called Sparebanken Buskerud and thereafter 
Sparebanken NOR. Chairperson of the board of directors of DNB Livsforsikring and DNB Luxembourg 
S.A. 
Bachelor of Business Administration from BI Norwegian Business School. Has also completed a 
management program in financial investments (Master of Management) at the same school. 
Per Kristian Næss-Fladset 
Group Executive Vice President of Payments and Innovation since 2023.  
Joined DNB in 2018. Previously Division Head for Payments & Open Banking. Previous professional 
experience at Cicero Consulting and Tinde ASA.  
Holds a Bachelor in Informatics from the University of Oslo. 
Even Westerveld 
Group Executive Vice President of Communications & Sustainability since 2023. 
Background: Former division head for External Communication in 2013-2020. Re-joined the DNB Group 
in 2023. Prior experience as Head of Communications in Vipps Mobilepay, Head of People and Branding 
in Vipps, partner and consultant in Geelmuyden.Kiese. 
Holds a Master in Governmental Science. 
Maria Ervik Løvold 
Group Executive Vice President of Technology and Services since 2019. 
Background: Executive Vice President for the Product, Price and Quality division in Personal Banking. 
Head of section in and Deputy General Counsel for DNB Legal. Joined the DNB Group in 2010. Previous 
lawyer experience: Lawyer at Brækhus Advokatfirma. 
Holds a Law degree from the University of Oslo. 
Sverre Krog 
Group Executive Vice President of Risk Management since 2021. 
Background: Former Head of Division, Strategic Risk Intelligence in the DNB Group. Former Head of 
Section of Active Portfolio Management and Customer Analysis in Corporate Banking, DNB. Background 
from Corporate Finance. Joined DNB in 1999.  
Education: Master of Science in Business ('Siviløkonom') from BI Norwegian Business School. 
Fredrik Berger 
Group Executive Vice President of Group Compliance since 2023. 
Background: Head of Corporate Centre, head of CEO Office and head of section and attorney at DNB 
Legal. Joined DNB in 2011. Previous lawyer experience: Lawyer at Advokatfirmaet Hjort. 
Education: Law degree from University of Oslo.

--- Page 226 ---
211 
No company in the DNB Group has issued loans or securities to any members of the Board of Directors or 
the Bank's management that are not on ordinary terms for employees of the DNB Group. 
The DNB Group is not aware of any potential conflicts of interest between the duties to the DNB Group of 
each of the persons listed above under the headings “Board of Directors”, and “Bank Management” and 
his or her private interests or other duties. 
Shareholders 
On 1 July 2021, the Bank merged with DNB ASA by way of a transfer of DNB ASA's shares into the Bank 
as acquiring company. Following the completion of the merger, DNB ASA was dissolved and the shares 
in the Bank were simultaneously listed on Oslo Børs, with trading having commenced on 2 July 2021. The 
completion of the merger and transfer of shares did not result in any dilution of the shareholders' ownership. 
The following table sets forth as of 31 December 2023, the 20 largest shareholders of the Bank, the number 
of shares held by each shareholder and the percentage of outstanding shares represented by each 
shareholding.  
 
Shares in 1,000 
Ownership in  
per cent. 
Norwegian 
Government/Ministry 
of 
Trade, 
Industry  
and Fisheries 
 
524,488 
34.6 
DNB Savings Bank Foundation 
 
130,001 
8.6 
Folketrygdfondet  
90,325 
6.0 
The Capital Group Companies, Inc.  
70,529 
4.6 
BlackRock, Inc.  
52,368 
3.5 
Vanguard Group  
39,512 
2.6 
Deutsche Bank AG Group  
29,415 
1.9 
T. Rowe Price Group, Inc.  
24,890 
1.6 
Storebrand Kapitalforvaltning 
 
21,274 
1.4 
State Street Corporation   
18,469 
1.2 
DNB Asset Management AS 
 
17,341 
1.1 
Schroders PLC 
 
16,499 
1.1 
Ameriprise Financials, Inc. 
 
16,287 
1.1 
BNP Paribas, S.A. 
14,987 
1.0 
Kommunal Landspensjonskasse 
14,863 
1.0 
Danske Bank Group 
14,135 
0.9 
Nordea AB 
13,400 
0.9 
Svenska Handelsbanken AB 
11,618 
0.8 
Crédit Agricole S.A. 
 
10,669 
0.7 
Alecta pensionsförsäkring, ömsesidigt 
9,500 
0.6 
Total largest shareholders 
 
1,140,573 
75.2 
Other shareholders 
 
376,266 
24.8 
Total 
 
1,516,838 
100.0 
There were no share buy-backs in 2022. A share buy-back programme of up to 0.5 per cent. was announced 
on 9 February 2023. The programme was completed on 10 March 2023. A total of 5,116,200 shares were 
bought back on market places, at an average price of NOK 201.0339. Following this, DNB owns a total of 
5,116,200 own shares. The Annual General Meeting held on 25 April 2023 approved to cancel these shares. 
The 2023 Annual General Meeting also decided to redeem and cancel 2,635,618 shares held by the 
Norwegian Government, represented by the Ministry of Trade, Industry and Fisheries, so that its current 
ownership interest of 34 per cent. remains unchanged.

--- Page 227 ---
212 
At the Annual General Meeting on 25 April 2023, the Board was given authorisation for a new share buy-
back programme of 3.5 per cent. In addition, DNB Markets was authorised to repurchase 0.5 per cent. for 
hedging purposes.  
A share buy-back programme of up to 1.5 per cent. was announced on 17 July 2023. A total of 15,237,543 
shares were bought back on trading venues, for a total consideration of NOK 3.23 billion. The average price 
paid per share was NOK 212.2. A proposal will be made at the Annual General Meeting in 2024 to cancel 
these shares.  
A share buy-back programme of up to 1.0 per cent. was announced on 19 October 2023. A total of 
10,181,247 shares were bought back on trading venues for a total consideration of NOK 2.09 billion. The 
average price paid per share was NOK 205.24. A proposal will be made at the Annual General Meeting in 
2024 to cancel these shares. Following the two completed buy-back programmes, the Bank now owns a 
total of 25,418,790 of its own shares, equalling 1.65 per cent. of the shares in the Bank.  
A share buy-back programme of up to 0.75 per cent. was announced on 22 December 2023. Up to 0.495 
per cent. of the Bank’s own shares will be bought back on trading venues. The buy-backs will end, at the 
latest, on 8 March 2024. The shares that are bought back will be proposed cancelled at the Annual General 
Meeting in 2024.

--- Page 228 ---
213 
SUPERVISION AND REGULATION 
Overview  
The Bank is the result of a merger between Gjensidige NOR Sparebank ASA and Den norske Bank ASA, 
as registered in the Register of Business Enterprises on 19 January 2004, and in which Gjensidige NOR 
Sparebank ASA was the acquiring entity. This entity subsequently changed its name to DnB NOR Bank 
ASA and further changed its name to DNB Bank ASA in November 2011. The most relevant Norwegian 
legislation applicable to Norwegian commercial banks is: 
• 
the Public Limited Liability Company Act of 1997 (“PLCA”); 
• 
the Norwegian Financial Supervision Act of 1956, which regulates the supervision of, among other 
things, financial institutions and investments firms by the Financial Supervisory Authority of 
Norway (the ”NFSA”); and 
• 
the Financial Institutions Act. 
Supervisory and Other Regulatory Authorities 
Several governmental bodies are responsible for administering legislation governing financial institutions 
in Norway. 
The Ministry of Finance 
The Ministry of Finance grants all licences to engage in banking activities. The Ministry of Finance also 
issues regulations pursuant to the Financial Institutions Act on many important issues relating to financial 
institutions, including capital adequacy ratios. The Ministry of Finance may revoke any licence to engage 
in banking and insurance activities for violations of applicable laws and regulations. 
Finanstilsynet (The Financial Supervisory Authority of Norway, or NFSA) 
The NFSA was created pursuant to the Act on Financial Supervision of 7 December 1956 No. 1, which sets 
forth the responsibilities and powers of NFSA. The NFSA is an independent governmental entity with its 
own administrative staff and a board of directors. However, the Ministry of Finance oversees the activities 
of the NFSA and administrative decisions made by the NFSA may be appealed to the Ministry of Finance. 
The NFSA’s mission is to ensure that financial institutions and financial markets in Norway function safely 
and efficiently. It establishes general rules and regulations for the entire financial industry in Norway and 
grants licences to all financial institutions and limited licences to certain other companies, for example 
companies providing payments services. Certain amendments to the articles of association of such 
institutions must be approved by the NFSA. 
The NFSA is responsible primarily for supervising and inspecting, inter alia, banks, insurance companies, 
financing companies, securities brokerage firms, collective investment fund management companies, real 
estate brokers, debt collectors, auditors, accountants, insurance brokers and financial holding companies. 
Norges Bank 
Norges Bank is the executive and advisory body for Norwegian monetary, credit and foreign exchange 
policy. Norges Bank is a separate legal entity owned by the Norwegian government. Norges Bank carries 
out ordinary and central bank functions and has important functions in relation to the banking sector. Norges 
Bank is required to ensure that the financial system functions satisfactorily and may provide liquidity loans 
and make deposits with banks. Norges Bank also carries out money market operations.

--- Page 229 ---
214 
Regulatory Framework in Norway 
Overview 
The Bank and its subsidiaries are subject to the supervision of the NFSA. The NFSA prepares and/or issues 
regulations and supervises the operations of Norwegian financial institutions, among other things with 
regard to capital adequacy, accounting, governance structures and risk control and procedures. The NFSA 
has a range of tools to facilitate its supervision, such as the right to carry out site visits, and to interview the 
employees of an institution under its supervision and inspect the books and record of such institutions. In 
the event that the NFSA considers the operations of an institution to be unsound or that the institution is in 
breach of applicable laws or regulations within the NFSA’s jurisdiction, it may impose administrative 
sanctions on that institution, and it may also revoke the institution’s licence to operate. 
Norway is not a member of the EU, but as a member of the EEA, it is, through the EEA agreement, required 
to implement relevant EU directives and regulations relating to financial services in its local legislation. 
Authorisations 
Under Norwegian law, any institution that accepts deposits from the general public and provides credit 
must obtain a banking licence. The Bank, as a savings bank, was originally granted a licence according to 
the Norwegian Savings Bank Act of 24 May 1961 No. 1. However, since its conversion into a public limited 
company, the Bank is subject to the ongoing regulatory requirements of the Financial Institutions Act. 
Regulation of Banking and Insurance Activities 
The Financial Institutions Act  contains rules on incorporation, articles of association and share capital, 
governing bodies, business and dissolution/liquidation of commercial banks. The Financial Institutions Act 
also contains a requirement that banks shall make sure that the relation between market risk and other risk 
concerning the enterprise’s total assets, shares, equity certificates and other assets, including assets which 
consists of real estate, and the enterprise’s core capital is justifiable.  
A commercial bank may engage in all the business and services customary or natural for banks, and shall 
not conduct any activities other than what follows from applicable rules, the licence and the financial 
institution’s articles of association, pursuant to the Financial Institutions Act section 13-1. However, under 
the Financial Institutions Act section 13-9, a bank may, without violating the Financial Institutions Act 
section 13-1, have qualified holdings (more than 10 per cent. of the capital or the votes) in enterprises which 
cannot be part of a finance group so long as the reported value of the holding does not exceed 15 per cent. 
of the bank’s own funds pursuant to the last quarterly or yearly accounts. Such holdings may not in the 
aggregate exceed 60 per cent. of a bank’s own funds. The abovementioned does not prevent the bank from 
temporarily operating or participating in the operation of such business to the extent necessary for the bank 
to recover a claim. 
As a commercial bank, the Bank is subject to a number of specific rules under the Financial Institutions 
Act. According to these rules, the articles of association of the Bank must initially be approved by the 
NFSA. The same applies to certain types of amendments to the articles of association pursuant to Section 
7-2 of the Financial Institutions Regulation. Furthermore, according to Section 10-4 of the Financial 
Institutions Act, the Bank’s equity may not be increased, decreased or repaid by means other than through 
distribution of retained profits, unless approved by the NFSA. Resolutions regarding a decrease, increase 
or repayment of share capital are only valid when approved by the NFSA. An exemption from the 
requirement of approval is made in Section 10-2 of the Financial Institutions Regulation for increases in 
share capital of the Bank made in cash. Moreover, under the Financial Institutions Act Section 10-6, the 
distribution of share capital, dividends, owner’s shares and primary capital shall not be set higher than what 
is deemed proper and compatible with prudence and standards of fair dealing, taking into annual results,

--- Page 230 ---
215 
potential future losses or the need for further capital in the financial institution. Resolutions regarding a 
decrease, increase or repayment of share capital are only valid when approved by the NFSA.  
Risk and capital assessments in DNB Livsforsikring AS are based on requirements under Solvency II. The 
capital requirement is risk-sensitive and aims to reflect the insurance companies’ actual risk. The total risk 
consists of market risk (56 per cent.), insurance risk (28 per cent.), health risk (12 per cent.) and operational 
risk (5 per cent.) at 31 December 2023. The solvency ratio is sensitive to interest rates, volatility adjustment, 
longevity, change in best estimates and effect of changed market values. Insurance risk in DNB 
Livsforsikring includes mortality, longevity, disability, health and disaster risk. Longevity and disability 
and pure endowment constitute 47 per cent. of the total insurance risk. 
The Norwegian FSA has approved the use of transitional rules to fulfil the Solvency II capital requirement 
from 1 January 2016. The only transitional rule in use for DNB Livsforsikring is the 16-year transition 
period for the implementation of market valuation of liabilities. According to this rule, DNB Livsforsikring 
may use book values of the obligations for a transitional period of 16 years. The rule will be phased out by 
one-sixteenth per year from 1 January 2016. This rule has a relatively strong effect in periods with low 
interest rates, due to the gap between interest rates and guaranteed returns under the insurance products. 
Although current interest rates mean that the transitional rule has no effect on the solvency ratio, there can 
be no guarantee that interest rates will not decrease, therefore resulting in stronger and potentially adverse 
effects. 
Capital Requirements  
Capital adequacy and liquidity requirements – Background 
At the international level, a number of regulatory and supervisory initiatives have been implemented in 
recent years in order to increase the quantity and quality of capital and raise liquidity levels in the banking 
sector. Among such initiatives are a number of specific measures proposed by the Basel Committee on 
Banking Supervision (the “Basel Committee”) and implemented by the EU through CRD IV and CRR. 
In 2013, the EU adopted a legislative package to strengthen the regulations of the banking sector and to 
implement the Basel III agreement in the EU legal framework, which resulted in increased capital 
requirements. This package included the CRD IV and the CRR. 
On 29 March 2019 the CRD IV and the CRR were incorporated into the Agreement on the European 
Economic Area, which entered into force on 1 January 1994, (the “EEA Agreement”). Subsequently the 
Norwegian parliament passed amendments to the Financial Institutions Act and the Ministry of Finance 
adopted changes to CRR/CRD IV implementing the CRD IV and the CRR in Norwegian law. Legislation 
implementing the CRD IV and the CRR for Norwegian institutions entered into force on 31 December 
2019, implementing CRR as is and reflecting the provisions of CRD IV not already implemented in 
Norwegian legislation.  
On 23 November 2016, the European Commission published a package of legislative proposals providing 
for reform of the prudential and resolution frameworks for EU banks and credit institutions. These proposals 
covered amendments to the CRR, the CRD IV, the BRRD and Regulation (EU) No. 806/2014 establishing 
a Single Resolution Mechanism for the Banking Union. Following negotiations between the European 
Commission, European Parliament and European Council, the final legislation implementing these 
proposals was published in the Official Journal of the EU on 7 June 2019. The legislation consists of 
Regulation (EU) No. 2019/876, Directive (EU) No. 2019/878, Directive (EU) No. 2019/879 and Regulation 
(EU) No. 2019/877 and came into force on 27 June 2019 (the “EU Banking Reform Legislation”), with 
certain provisions applying from 27 June 2019 and other provisions gradually being phased in and/or being 
subject to national implementation.

--- Page 231 ---
216 
The EU Banking Reform Legislation covers multiple areas, including the Pillar 2 framework, the leverage 
ratio, mandatory restrictions on distributions, permission for reducing own funds and eligible liabilities, 
macroprudential tools, the MREL (as defined below) framework and the integration of the Financial 
Stability Board’s proposed minimum total loss-absorbing capacity into EU legislation.  
On 11 June 2021, the CRD V, CRR 2 and BRRD 2 were implemented under Norwegian law. As a result, 
these amendments entered into force from 1 June 2022. 
Capital adequacy and liquidity requirements – Norwegian requirements  
Pillar 1 Minimum Capital Requirements and buffer requirements 
The capital adequacy requirements for banks in Norway as at the date of this Base Prospectus consist of 
two pillars. Pillar 1 encompasses minimum capital requirements that are applicable generally to banks. As 
per the provisions of the Financial Institutions Act, banks must hold capital at least equal to 8 per cent. of 
their Risk Exposure Amount, within which at least 4.5 per cent. must be common equity tier 1 capital and 
at least 6 per cent. must be tier 1 capital.  
In addition, the Financial Institutions Act imposes various capital buffer requirements which must be met 
by Norwegian financial institutions, all consisting of common equity tier 1. As of the date of this Base 
Prospectus, the capital buffer requirements consist of (i) a conservation buffer of 2.5 per cent. of the Risk 
Exposure Amount, (ii) a systemic risk buffer of 4.5 per cent. of the Risk Exposure Amount (on Norwegian 
exposures, further described below) and (iii) a counter-cyclical buffer of 2.5 per cent. of the Risk Exposure 
Amount (on Norwegian exposures, further described below). In addition, financial institutions (including 
the DNB Group as a whole and the Bank) which the Norwegian authorities have designated as systemically 
important must also comply with a buffer for systemically important financial institutions of 2 per cent. of 
the Risk Exposure Amount in order to mitigate systemic risk. The buffer requirements may change over 
time, including as discussed further below. 
Under CRD IV, each Member State is responsible for setting a counter-cyclical buffer rate applicable to 
exposures in its own jurisdiction. The relevant authorities in the other Member States are required to apply 
such rate to the exposures in that jurisdiction of the banks which they regulate (with discretion whether to 
recognise a rate higher than 2.5 per cent. of REA). The counter-cyclical buffer rate applicable to a particular 
bank will be the weighted average of the counter-cyclical buffer rates in those jurisdictions where such 
bank has exposures from time to time.  
The level of the counter-cyclical buffer will be re-assessed by Norges Bank and the relevant authorities in 
each other Member State each quarter and may result in an increase or a decrease in the rate. A decision to 
increase the requirement may normally take effect no earlier than 12 months following such decision, 
whereas a decrease may take effect immediately.  
As of the date of this Base Prospectus, the counter-cyclical risk buffer in Norway is 2.5 per cent. The DNB 
Group’s effective counter-cyclical buffer rate is calculated as the weighted average of the buffer rates for 
the countries where the DNB Group has credit exposures. Since several countries in which the DNB Group 
has exposures have set the requirement lower than the requirement in Norway, the DNB Group’s effective 
counter-cyclical buffer rate requirement was approximately 2.2 per cent. as of 31 December 2023.  
As of the date of this Base Prospectus, the systemic risk buffer in Norway is 4.5 per cent. The DNB Group’s 
effective systemic buffer rate is calculated as the weighted average of the buffer rates for the countries 
where the DNB Group has credit exposures. Since several countries in which the DNB Group has exposures 
have set the requirement lower than the requirement in Norway, the DNB Group’s effective systemic buffer 
rate requirement was approximately 3.2 per cent. as of 31 December 2023.

--- Page 232 ---
217 
Pillar 2 requirements 
CRD IV permits regulators to require the banks which they regulate to hold additional capital, often referred 
to as “Pillar 2” capital requirements. The NFSA’s Pillar 2 requirements are in addition to the Pillar 1 
requirements and are expected to reflect institution-specific capital requirements relating to risks which are 
not covered or only partly covered by Pillar 1.  
Further to the NFSA’s SREP for 2023, the NFSA announced on 4 December 2023 that the Pillar 2 
requirement for the Bank and the DNB Group had been set at 2.0 per cent. of REA. In line with Article 
104a of the Capital Requirements Directive, the Pillar 2 requirement must be fulfilled with approximately 
1.1 per cent. (minimum) common equity tier 1 capital, approximately 0.4 per cent. additional tier 1 capital 
and approximately 0.5 per cent. tier 2 capital. Further, the NFSA also advised that the Bank and the DNB 
Group should hold a common equity tier 1 capital buffer of not less than 1.25 per cent. on top of the total 
common equity tier 1 capital requirement. The updated Pillar 2 requirement and Pillar 2 Guidance have 
applied since 31 December 2023. 
As of 31 December 2023, the supervisory expectation (including the Pillar 2 guidance) for the CET1 ratio 
is 16.8 per cent. and 16.7 per cent. for the DNB Group and the Bank, respectively. The supervisory 
expectation plus some headroom will be DNB’s target capital level. The headroom will reflect expected 
future capital needs including market-driven CET1 fluctuations.  
Leverage requirements 
The Basel III framework also provides for capital requirements based on total (i.e. non-risk weighted) 
assets, referred to as leverage ratio requirements. Prior to the implementation of the banking package in 
Norway on 1 June 2022, the leverage ratio requirement was in total 6 per cent., consisting of a general 
leverage ratio requirement of 3 per cent., plus a general buffer requirement of 2 per cent. for banks and an 
additional buffer requirement of 1 per cent. for systemically important banks. Upon the implementation of 
the banking package in Norway on 1 June 2022, the 2 per cent. and the 1 per cent. buffer requirements were 
removed. Thus, in Norway, as of the date of this Base Prospectus, the current requirement according to the 
Financial Institutions Act and the Financial Institutions Regulation is for banks, financial institutions, 
holding companies in financial groups and investment firms that provide certain investment services, to 
hold a leverage ratio of minimum 3 per cent. As at 31 December 2023, the leverage ratio of the Bank and 
the DNB Group was 7.1 per cent. and 6.8 per cent, respectively. 
Any entity which does not comply with the requirements in the Financial Institutions Act and the Financial 
Institutions Regulations is required, according to the Financial Institutions Act §14-6 (3), immediately to 
rectify such breach. Further, upon such breach, or if there is reason to believe that the entity will breach 
such requirement in the near future, the NFSA may invoke certain measures, including restricting dividend 
payments and interest payments on AT1 instruments.  
Liquidity requirements 
The Basel III framework also aimed to raise liquidity levels in the banking sector. CRD IV includes 
requirements relating to the liquidity coverage ratio (the “LCR”). The Norwegian Ministry of Finance has 
introduced a LCR requirement of 100 per cent. for each significant currency. However, due to the limited 
size of the domestic capital market, for banks that have U.S.$ and/or euro as other significant currencies, 
the minimum LCR for NOK is reduced to 50 per cent., with the difference being made up in additional 
U.S.$ and/or euro requirements. As a result and to ensure compliance with changes in these rules, the DNB 
Group may need to hold additional liquid assets. See “Risk Factors—Risks Related to the Legal and 
Regulatory Environments in which the DNB Group Operates—The financial services industry is subject to 
intensive regulation, including capital adequacy regulation, and the regulatory framework is subject to 
change” for more information.

--- Page 233 ---
218 
A net stable funding ratio (“NFSR”) has also been proposed with the Basel III framework. This ratio seeks 
to calculate the proportion of long-term assets which are funded by long-term stable funding, and Norway 
formally implemented NSFR liquidity rules on 1 June 2022. The Norwegian FSA had until the formal 
implementation set NSFR requirements based on the Basel Committee's final recommendations as of 2014. 
Bank winding up and crisis management 
On 2 July 2014, Directive 2014/59/EU providing for the establishment of an EU-wide framework for the 
recovery and resolution of credit institutions and investment firms (as amended, the “Bank Recovery and 
Resolution Directive” or “BRRD”), which terms shall, where the context admits, include that Directive as 
amended or superseded from time to time, including (without limitation) by BRRD 2. The BRRD is 
designed to provide authorities with a credible set of tools to intervene sufficiently early and quickly in an 
unsound or failing relevant entity (“relevant entities” being credit institutions, investment firms, certain 
financial institutions and certain holding companies) so as to ensure the continuity of the relevant entity’s 
critical financial and economic functions, while minimising the impact of a relevant entity’s failure on the 
economy and financial system. 
The BRRD, under its terms, was required to be applied by Member States from 1 January 2015, except for 
the general bail-in tool (see below) which was required to be applied from 1 January 2016. The BRRD was 
incorporated in the EEA Agreement in February 2018 and legislation implementing the BRRD in Norway 
was passed in the Norwegian Parliament in March 2018 and entered into force from 1 January 2019 at 
Chapter 20 of the Financial Institutions Act. The amendments made to BRRD by BRRD 2 were 
implemented in Norway on 1 June 2022. The legislation sets forth that any further possible supplements 
and regulation of the details for the implementation of the BRRD and related technical standards can be 
determined through regulations passed by the Ministry under the Financial Institutions Act. Following entry 
into force of the BRRD in Norway on 1 January 2019, the Bank and the DNB Group are now subject to its 
resolution tools and powers. The BRRD contains four resolution tools and powers which may be used alone 
or in combination where the relevant resolution authority considers that (a) a relevant entity is failing or 
likely to fail, (b) there is no reasonable prospect that any alternative private sector measures would prevent 
the failure of such relevant entity within a reasonable timeframe, and (c) a resolution action is in the public 
interest: (i) sale of business – which enables resolution authorities to direct the sale of the relevant entity or 
the whole or part of its business on commercial terms; (ii) bridge institution – which enables resolution 
authorities to transfer all or part of the business of the relevant entity to a “bridge institution” (an entity 
created for this purpose that is wholly or partially in public control), which may limit the capacity of the 
relevant entity to meet its repayment obligations; (iii) asset separation – which enables resolution authorities 
to transfer impaired or problem assets to one or more publicly owned asset management vehicles to allow 
them to be managed with a view to maximising their value through eventual sale or orderly wind-down 
(this can be used together with another resolution tool only); and (iv) bail-in which gives resolution 
authorities the power to write down certain claims, which would include claims in respect of securities such 
as the Notes, of unsecured creditors of a failing relevant entity (which write-down may result in the 
reduction of such claims to zero) and/or to convert certain unsecured debt claims, which would include 
securities such as the Notes, to equity or other instruments of ownership (the “general bail-in tool”), with 
such equity or other instruments also being subject to any future cancellation, transfer or dilution. 
The BRRD also provides for a Member State, in the event that the above resolution tools alone are 
insufficient to maintain financial stability, to be able to provide extraordinary public financial support 
through additional financial stabilisation tools. These consist of the public equity support and temporary 
public ownership tools. Any such extraordinary financial support must be provided in accordance with the 
EU state aid framework. 
A relevant entity will be considered as failing or likely to fail when: (i) it is, or is likely in the near future 
to be, in breach of its requirements for continuing authorisation; (ii) its assets are, or are likely in the near 
future to be, less than its liabilities; (iii) it is, or is likely in the near future to be, unable to pay its debts as 
they fall due; or (iv) it requires extraordinary public financial support (except in limited circumstances).

--- Page 234 ---
219 
In addition to the general bail-in tool, the BRRD provides for resolution authorities to have the further 
power to permanently write down or convert into equity capital instruments at the point of non-viability 
and before any other resolution action is taken (“non-viability loss absorption”). Any shares issued to 
holders of capital instruments upon any such conversion into equity may also be subject to any further 
cancellation, transfer or dilution. 
For the purposes of the application of any non-viability loss absorption measure, the point of non-viability 
under the BRRD is the point at which (i) the relevant authority determines that the relevant entity meets the 
conditions for resolution (but no resolution action has yet been taken) or (ii) the relevant authority or 
authorities, as the case may be, determine(s) that the relevant entity or its group will no longer be viable 
unless the relevant capital instruments are written-down or converted or (iii) extraordinary public financial 
support is required by the relevant entity other than, where the entity is an institution, for the purposes of 
remedying a serious disturbance in the economy of a Member State and to preserve financial stability. 
MREL 
Under the BRRD there is also a requirement for EU financial institutions to hold certain minimum levels 
of own funds and other eligible liabilities (“MREL”) which would be available to be written down or 
bailed-in in order to facilitate the rescue or resolution of a failing bank. Such requirements came into effect 
(subject to transitional provisions) in the EU from 1 January 2016. Regulation (EU) 2016/1450 of 23 May 
2016 supplementing Directive 2014/59/EU of the European Parliament and of the Council sets forth draft 
regulatory technical standards specifying the criteria relating to the methodology for setting the minimum 
requirement for own funds and eligible liabilities. In Norway, the MREL requirement is set by the NFSA. 
General rules for Norwegian MREL requirements are included in the Financial Institutions Act and the 
Financial Institutions Regulation.  
Under Norwegian law, there is a distinction between (i) instruments that are eligible and qualify for the 
fulfilment of the MREL requirement and (ii) instruments that may be bailed in (which is a broader concept). 
For example, instruments with an original maturity or a remaining maturity of less than one year may be 
bailed-in (but would not count as fulfilling the MREL requirement). The Notes issued could potentially be 
bailed-in, even if the Notes are not eligible as MREL. Noteholders should therefore be aware that a broad 
range of debt instruments may be liable to bail-in and Noteholders may lose all or some of their investment 
in any Notes that are bailed-in. 
In December 2017, an EU Directive was published which required Member States to change their 
insolvency laws by the end of 2018 to create a new class of ‘non-preferred senior’ creditors in the creditor 
hierarchy. This new class is designed to form part of the senior unsecured class, ranking ahead of tier 2 
capital and other subordinated debts, but ranking behind ordinary senior unsecured debts. It is intended that 
instruments issued as part of the new class should (subject to satisfaction of the other requisite criteria) 
constitute ‘eligible liabilities instruments’, being instruments which are not own funds (i.e. tier 1 or tier 2 
capital) but are eligible for inclusion in MREL.  
In Norway, the MREL requirement is set by the NFSA. The DNB Group is, based on the current CET1 
requirement of 15.6 per cent. (not including Pillar 2 Guidance), required to hold total MREL capital equal 
to approximately 38 per cent. of REA (adjusted for REA stemming from Boligkreditt as the covered bond 
entity), leading to a total need for MREL eligible debt of approximately EUR 14 billion. Out of this, 
approximately EUR 7.6 billion will need to be issued in the form of senior non-preferred debt, while the 
remaining part can be issued in the form of senior preferred debt.  
CRR 3/CRD VI 
On 6 December 2023, the EU countries approved the agreement on the implementation of the final parts of 
the Basel IV recommendations in the EU. The regulatory changes include a new standardised approach for

--- Page 235 ---
220 
calculating capital requirements for credit risk and a new capital requirement floor for banks using internal 
models, as well as new requirements for ESG risk assessments and enhanced supervision.  
The regulatory amendments for implementing Basel IV are set out in the so-called CRR3 and CRD6. This 
legislation has EEA relevance, and the Ministry of Finance’s goal is that the new standardised approach 
and the other amendments in the CRR3 will enter into force in Norway on the same date as in the EU, that 
is, from 1 January 2025 while the rules in the CRD6 will apply from mid-2025.  
The Ministry of Finance gave the NFSA the task of preparing a consultation paper on the implementation 
of expected EEA rules corresponding to those set out in the CRR3 and the CRD6. The NFSA is also to 
assess the effects of the rules, and whether any options available to Norway, such as national regulatory 
measures, should be used, and if so, how. 
Limitations on Large Exposures 
CRR is implemented in Norway and contains restrictions on financial institutions’ large exposures. As a 
general rule, financial institutions shall not incur an exposure, after taking into account the effect of certain 
credit risk mitigation, to a client or group of connected clients the value of which exceeds 25.0 per cent. of 
its eligible capital. 
Regulation of Investment Services Provided by the Bank (DNB Markets) 
The Bank also holds a licence as an investment firm and is therefore also regulated by the Securities Trading 
Act. The investment services provided by the Bank (other than investment advice) are performed by DNB 
Markets, which is a department within the Bank and not a separate legal entity. The Securities Trading Act 
and adherent regulations implement the EEA rules corresponding to MiFID II.  
Deposit Guarantee Schemes 
The Financial Institutions Act requires that all savings banks and commercial banks incorporated in Norway 
shall be members of the Norwegian Banks’ Guarantee Fund. The Guarantee Fund provides a deposit 
guarantee of NOK 2 million per depositor per bank, should a member bank be unable to meet its 
commitments. However, savings received by members of the Norwegian Bank’s Guarantee Fund through 
a branch established in another EEA state or through cross border activities in another EEA state is limited 
to a deposit guarantee of EUR 100,000 in accordance with the deposit guarantee level stipulated in Directive 
94/19/EC. 
PSD2 and Open Banking 
The EU’s revised payment services directive, PSD2, has been implemented in Norway. The directive was 
mainly implemented in the Financial Institutions Act and the Payment Services Regulations in March 2019. 
The technical regulations for secure customer authentication came into force on 14 September 2019, and 
this, in effect, marked the start of the provision of third-party services related to account information and 
account-to-account payments in Norway. The DNB Group is actively working to position the Bank with a 
view to protecting its existing business operations, while making the most of the potential and reducing the 
disadvantages of Open Banking. 
Regulatory Developments  
Regulation of Banks' Lending Practices 
With effect from 1 January 2021, the Home Mortgage Regulations and the Consumer Loan Regulations, 
together governing lending activities in Norway, were combined in a joint Lending Regulation that will,

--- Page 236 ---
221 
unless extended or cancelled, be in effect until 31 December 2024. The Lending Regulation contains the 
following key elements:  
• 
The interest stress test: A stress test will be applied to customers applying for a new floating rate 
mortgage. The stress test will account for an interest rate increase of 3 percentage points, with a 
floor of 7 per cent. The interest rate stress test prior to 1 January 2023 was for 5 percentage points 
(with no floor).  
• 
Total debt of the customer shall not exceed five times their gross annual income.  
• 
Loan-to-value maximum of 85 per cent., meaning that the customer needs to provide 15 per cent. 
equity.  
• 
Loan-to-value needs to be below 60 per cent. before a bank can grant instalment holidays.  
• 
Specific requirements for loans with security in assets other than houses (for example, car and boat 
loans).  
• 
The regulation is only applicable to consumers.  
Financial institutions may deviate from certain requirements based on specific thresholds (for mortgages, 
10 per cent. of granted loans within a calendar quarter). 
New Financial Contracts Act  
The new Financial Contracts Act, governing the relationship between banks and their customers, was 
adopted by the Norwegian Parliament in December 2020. The Act entered into force on 1 January 2023. 
The new Act is based on the previous one, with comprehensive amendments, including those related to 
consumer protection and technology.  
Changes in capital requirements for banks 
After being increased to 2.5 per cent. with effect from 31 December 2019, the Ministry of Finance 
announced on 13 March 2020, following advice from Norges Bank, as one of its COVID-19 measures, to 
reduce the counter-cyclical buffer to 1 per cent. with immediate effect. On 16 December 2021, Norges 
Bank decided to increase the counter-cyclical buffer requirement to 2.0 per cent. with effect from 31 
December 2022 and on 24 March 2022, Norges Bank decided to increase the counter-cyclical buffer 
requirement to 2.5 per cent. with effect from 31 March 2023 and the counter-cyclical buffer requirement 
has remained at 2.5 per cent. since then. The DNB Group’s effective counter-cyclical buffer rate is the 
weighted average of the buffer rates for the countries where the DNB Group has credit exposures. Since 
several countries in which the DNB Group has exposures have set the requirement lower than the 
requirement in Norway, the DNB Group’s effective counter-cyclical buffer rate requirement was 
approximately 2.2 per cent. as of 31 December 2023. 
New rules on securitisation 
On 23 April 2021, the Norwegian parliament, by way of amendments in the Norwegian Financial 
Institutions Act, implemented Regulation (EU) 2017/2402 (the "Securitisation Regulation”), which laid 
down a general framework for securitisation. On 13 December 2023, the EEA committee sent a draft EEA 
committee decision to the EU Commission, with respect to implementing the Securitisation Regulation in 
the EEA agreement. Such implementation will require consent from the EU Commission and all EEA 
countries. It is therefore uncertain when the Securitisation Regulation will enter into force in Norway, and 
how the final implementation will look like.

--- Page 237 ---
222 
Tax advisors’ disclosure obligation and duty of confidentiality 
In the Official Norwegian Report NOU 2019:15, the so-called Skatterådgiverutvalget (tax advisors 
committee) proposed that a new disclosure obligation be imposed on the Norwegian tax authorities. The 
disclosure obligation would apply to both tax advisors and customers, who would be obliged to disclose 
information about tax arrangements that pose a risk of aggressive tax planning, in line with international 
recommendations (BEPS). The committee proposed to implement this in Norway in the same manner as in 
the EU, to a large extent based on the EU Council Directive DAC 6. The proposal is comprehensive and 
would primarily have consequences for lawyers, accountants and others who offer tax advice. Financial 
institutions may also become subject to the disclosure obligation, should it be enacted into law. The report 
has been circulated for public comment. It is yet uncertain whether the Ministry of Finance will propose 
that the disclosure obligation be enacted into law. 
New Act on sustainability-related disclosures 
In December 2021, the Norwegian Parliament adopted a new act (the “Sustainable Finance Act”) that 
implements the EU Regulation on sustainability-related disclosures in the financial services sector 
(Sustainable Finance Disclosure Regulation – SFDR) and the EU taxonomy for sustainable activities 
(Taxonomy Regulation) in Norwegian law. Among other things, the act requires banks, insurance 
undertakings and listed companies with more than 500 employees to include information in their annual 
reports on the extent to which their activities can be classified as sustainable under the EU taxonomy. The 
Sustainable Finance Act entered into force on 1 January 2023.  Banks and other financial undertakings will 
report their taxonomy alignment from 2024 for financial year 2023. On 22 May 2023, the Norwegian 
Ministry of Finance started a public consultation on its white paper discussing the implementation of the 
Corporate Sustainability Reporting Directive (“CSRD”) into Norwegian Law. The public consultation 
closes on 4 September 2023, after which the Norwegian Ministry of Finance will propose a legislative bill 
to the Norwegian Parliament. It is expected that the CSRD reporting requirements in Norway will follow 
the EU timeline. 
IFRS 17 
In May 2017, the IASB issued the new standard IFRS 17 Insurance Contracts, which replaces IFRS 4 
Insurance Contracts and sets out new principles for recognition, measurement, presentation and disclosures 
of insurance contracts. In June 2020, the IASB adopted some amendments to the standard. The standard 
was endorsed by the EU in November 2021, but with an optional exception from the requirement for annual 
cohorts ('carve-out') for life insurance contracts that have certain characteristics. The standard is effective 
for reporting periods beginning on or after 1 January 2023, with a requirement for comparable figures. 
The new set of rules entails a new measurement method for the DNB Group's life insurance liabilities, 
whereby estimated future cashflow in the insurance contracts will be discounted using a marked-based 
interest rate. This affects the transition effect as at 1 January 2022, recognised liabilities, and future profit 
and loss. There will also be significant changes from the current presentation in the income statement, 
where operating expenses relating to insurance contracts under the new rules are included in net operating 
income in the income statement, compared with current presentation under operating expenses. 
Impact for the DNB Group 
The DNB Group applies IFRS 17 from 1 January 2023. At the same time, the DNB Group changed 
measurement of some financial instruments under IFRS 9. 
The new accounting rules will have an effect on the DNB Group's consolidated accounts, and the rules will 
mainly affect the measurement and presentation of the DNB Group's insurance contracts held by DNB 
Livsforsikring. The rules are not being introduced in the company accounts for DNB Livsforsikring. The 
transition to IFRS 17 does not therefore affect DNB Livsforsikring's capitalisation, tax base or dividend

--- Page 238 ---
223 
capacity. There are no changes in the underlying business model, operations or strategy as a result of the 
introduction of IFRS 17. 
The full implementation effect of IFRS 17, as well as the effect of the changed measurement of financial 
instruments, was NOK 9,823 million after tax, and reduced the DNB Group's equity at the time of the 
transition on 1 January 2022 accordingly. Compared with the situation under the previous rules, the one-
time effect on equity is expected to be compensated for by positive results in future periods. 
The transition to IFRS 17 does not affect the DNB Group's CET1 capital, and thus does not affect the DNB 
Group's capital adequacy, leverage ratio, maximum distributable amount (MDA) or dividend capacity. 
State loan guarantee programme for the business sector 
In October 2022, the Norwegian Ministry of Finance proposed to the Storting certain financial measures in 
response to the repercussions of the war in Ukraine and the resulting rise in energy costs. These proposed 
measures included, among others, the establishment of a temporary compensation scheme addressing 
energy costs and a temporary loan guarantee programme for business sectors. The purpose of the proposed 
loan guarantee programme, which would be managed by Export Finance Norway, is to provide companies 
in energy-intensive industries access to bank loans. 
Under the programme, when new bank loans are issued to companies facing acute liquidity shortages 
resulting from sharp increases in energy prices, the Norwegian Government would provide a guarantee for 
90 per cent of the loan amount. The proposition sets a guarantee limit of NOK 1 billion in addition to an 
allocation for impairment provisions of NOK 200 million. The EFTA approved the proposition in 
November 2022 and the programme was operational from 9 November 2022.  
Proposal to prohibit soft commissions 
To ensure increased transparency in the savings market, the NFSA has proposed introducing a ban on 
receiving or providing soft commissions when distributing savings products to retail clients. This will, for 
example, mean that distributors of savings products will no longer be able to receive soft commissions. In 
the NFSA’s view, a ban will ensure that conflicts of interest are handled in a better way and will make it 
easier for consumers to compare prices.  
DNB Asset Management has decided to implement the proposed restrictions on distribution fees and has 
amended its articles of association of its retail funds distributed in Norway accordingly. This means that 
neither DNB Bank ASA nor DNB Asset Management's other distributors in Norway will be able to receive 
soft commissions.  
The public hearing for the proposal expired 18 November 2022. As of the date of this Base Prospectus, the 
Ministry has yet to publish their assessment of the proposal.

--- Page 239 ---
224 
TAXATION 
Prospective purchasers of Notes are advised to consult their tax advisers as to the tax consequences under 
the tax laws of the country of which they are resident of a purchase of Notes, including, but not limited to, 
the consequences of receipts of interest and sale or redemption of Notes. 
NORWEGIAN TAXATION 
Payments of principal and interest on the Notes issued to persons who have no connection with Norway 
other than the holding of such Notes issued by the Issuer are, under present Norwegian law, not subject to 
Norwegian tax (except for payments to related parties in low-tax jurisdictions) and may hence be made 
without any withholding tax or deduction for any Norwegian taxes, duties, assessments or governmental 
charges. 
Capital gains or profits realised on the sale, disposal or redemption of such Notes by persons who have no 
connection with Norway other than the holding of the Notes are not, under present Norwegian law, subject 
to Norwegian taxes or duties. 
Under present Norwegian law (i) no Norwegian issue tax or stamp duty is payable in connection with the 
issues of the Notes and (ii) the Notes will not be subject to any Norwegian estate duties. 
Persons (both corporate entities and natural persons) considered domiciled in Norway for tax purposes will 
be subject to Norwegian income tax. on interest received in respect of the Notes. At the date of this Base 
Prospectus the income tax rate is 22 per cent. Likewise, capital gains or profits realised by such persons on 
the sale, disposal or redemption of the Notes will be subject to Norwegian taxation. Natural persons 
domiciled in Norway are further subject to general wealth tax, which is not described further in this 
summary. 
FOREIGN ACCOUNT TAX COMPLIANCE ACT 
Pursuant to certain provisions of the U.S. Internal Revenue Code of 1986, commonly known as "FATCA", 
a foreign financial institution (as defined by FATCA) may be required to withhold on certain payments it 
makes ("foreign passthru payments") to persons that fail to meet certain certification, reporting or related 
requirements. The Issuer is a foreign financial institution for these purposes. A number of jurisdictions 
(including Norway) have entered into, or have agreed in substance to, intergovernmental agreements with 
the United States to implement FATCA ("IGAs"), which modify the way in which FATCA applies in their 
jurisdictions. Under the provisions of IGAs as currently in effect, a foreign financial institution in an IGA 
jurisdiction would generally not be required to withhold under FATCA or an IGA from payments that it 
makes. Certain aspects of the application of the FATCA provisions and IGAs to instruments such as the 
Notes, including whether withholding would ever be required pursuant to FATCA or an IGA with respect 
to payments on instruments such as the Notes, are uncertain and may be subject to change. Even if 
withholding would be required pursuant to FATCA or an IGA with respect to payments on instruments 
such as the Notes, such withholding would not apply prior to the date that is two years after the date on 
which final regulations defining foreign passthru payments are published in the U.S. Federal Register. 
Noteholders should consult their own tax advisers regarding how these rules may apply to their investment 
in the Notes. 
THE PROPOSED FINANCIAL TRANSACTION TAX 
On 14 February 2013, the European Commission published a proposal (the "Commission's Proposal") for 
a Directive for a common financial transaction tax ("FTT") in Belgium, Germany, Greece, Spain, France, 
Italy, Austria, Portugal, Slovenia and Slovakia (together, the "participating Member States") and Estonia. 
However, Estonia has since stated that it will not participate. 
The Commission's Proposal has very broad scope and could, if introduced, apply to certain dealings in 
Notes (including secondary market transactions) in certain circumstances. Primary market transactions 
referred to in Article 5(c) of Regulation (EC) No 1287/2006 are expected to be exempt. 
Under the Commission's Proposal the FTT could apply in certain circumstances to persons both within and 
outside of the participating Member States. Generally, it would apply to certain dealings in Notes where at 
least one party is a financial institution, and at least one party is established in a participating Member State. 
A financial institution may be, or be deemed to be, "established" in a participating Member State in a broad

--- Page 240 ---
225 
range of circumstances, including (a) by transacting with a person established in a participating Member 
State or (b) where the financial instrument which is subject to the dealings is issued in a participating 
Member State. 
However, the FTT proposal remains subject to negotiation between participating Member States. It may 
therefore be altered prior to any implementation, the timing of which remains unclear. Additional EU 
Member States may decide to participate.  
Prospective holders of Notes are advised to seek their own professional advice in relation to the FTT.

--- Page 241 ---
226 
SUBSCRIPTION AND SALE 
The Dealers have in a Programme Agreement (the "Programme Agreement") dated 14 February 2024 
agreed with the Issuer a basis upon which they or any of them may from time to time agree to purchase 
Notes. Any such agreement will extend to those matters stated under "Form of the Notes" and "Terms and 
Conditions of the Notes" above. In the Programme Agreement, the Issuer has agreed to reimburse the 
Dealers for certain of their expenses in connection with the establishment and any future updates of the 
Programme and the issue of Notes under the Programme. 
The Programme Agreement provides that the obligation of any Dealer under any such agreement is subject 
to certain conditions and that, in certain circumstances, a Dealer shall be entitled to be released and 
discharged from its obligations under any such agreement prior to the issue of the relevant Notes, including 
in the event that certain conditions precedent are not delivered or met to its satisfaction on or before the 
date such Notes are issued. In this situation, the issue of the relevant Notes may not be completed. Investors 
will have no rights against the Issuer or any Dealer in respect of any expense incurred or loss suffered in 
these circumstances. 
United States 
The Notes have not been and will not be registered under the Securities Act or the securities laws of any 
state or other jurisdiction of the United States and may not be offered or sold within the United States or 
to, or for the account or benefit of, U.S. persons except in certain transactions exempt from or not subject 
to, the registration requirements of the Securities Act. Terms used in this paragraph have the meanings 
given to them by Regulation S under the Securities Act. 
The Notes in bearer form are subject to U.S. tax law requirements and may not be offered, sold or delivered 
within the United States or its possessions or to a United States person, except in certain transactions 
permitted by U.S. Treasury regulations.  Terms used in this paragraph have the meanings given to them by 
the U.S. Internal Revenue Code of 1986 and Treasury regulations promulgated thereunder.  The applicable 
Final Terms (or Pricing Supplement, in the case of Exempt Notes) will identify whether TEFRA C rules or 
TEFRA D rules apply or whether TEFRA is not applicable. 
Each Dealer has represented and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be 
required to represent and agree, that it will not offer, sell or deliver Notes (a) as part of their distribution at 
any time or (b) otherwise until 40 days after the later of the commencement of the offering and the 
completion of the distribution of all Notes of the Tranche of which such Notes are a part, within the United 
States or to, or for the account or benefit of, U.S. persons except in accordance with Regulation S of the 
Securities Act.  Each Dealer has further agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme 
will be required to agree, that it will send to each dealer to which it sells any Notes during the distribution 
compliance period a confirmation or other notice setting forth the restrictions on offers and sales of the 
Notes within the United States or to, or for the account or benefit of, U.S. persons.  Terms used in this 
paragraph have the meanings given to them by Regulation S under the Securities Act. 
In addition, until 40 days after the commencement of the offering of any Series of Notes, an offer or sale 
of such Notes within the United States by any dealer (whether or not participating in the offering) may 
violate the registration requirements of the Securities Act if such offer or sale is made otherwise than in 
accordance with an available exemption from registration under the Securities Act. 
Prohibition of Sales to EEA Retail Investors 
Each Dealer has represented and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be 
required to represent and agree, that it has not offered, sold or otherwise made available and will not offer, 
sell or otherwise make available any Notes which are the subject of the offering contemplated by this Base 
Prospectus as completed by the Final Terms (or Pricing Supplement, as the case may be) in relation thereto 
to any retail investor in the EEA. For the purposes of this provision: 
(a) 
the expression "retail investor" means a person who is one (or more) of the following: 
(i) 
a retail client as defined in point (11) of Article 4(1) of MiFID II; or

--- Page 242 ---
227 
(ii) 
a customer within the meaning of the Insurance Distribution Directive, where that 
customer would not qualify as a professional client as defined in point (10) of Article 4(1) 
of MiFID II; or 
(iii) 
not a qualified investor as defined in the Prospectus Regulation; and 
(b) 
the expression an "offer" includes the communication in any form and by any means of sufficient 
information on the terms of the offer and the Notes to be offered so as to enable an investor to 
decide to purchase or subscribe for the Notes. 
United Kingdom 
Prohibition of Sales to UK Retail Investors 
Each Dealer has represented and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be 
required to represent and agree, that it has not offered, sold or otherwise made available and will not offer, 
sell or otherwise make available any Notes which are the subject of the offering contemplated by this Base 
Prospectus as completed by the Final Terms (or Pricing Supplement, as the case may be) in relation thereto 
to any retail investor in the UK. For the purposes of this provision: 
(a) 
the expression "retail investor" means a person who is one (or more) of the following: 
(i) 
a retail client, as defined in point (8) of Article 2 of Regulation (EU) No 2017/565 as it 
forms part of UK domestic law by virtue of the EUWA; or 
(ii) 
a customer within the meaning of the provisions of the FSMA and any rules or regulations 
made under the FSMA to implement Directive (EU) 2016/97, where that customer would 
not qualify as a professional client, as defined in point (8) of Article 2(1) of UK MiFIR; 
or 
(iii) 
not a qualified investor as defined in Article 2 of the UK Prospectus Regulation; and 
(b) 
the expression an "offer" includes the communication in any form and by any means of sufficient 
information on the terms of the offer and the Notes to be offered so as to enable an investor to 
decide to purchase or subscribe for the Notes. 
Other regulatory restrictions 
Each Dealer has represented and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be 
required to represent and agree, that: 
(a) 
it has only communicated or caused to be communicated and will only communicate or cause to 
be communicated an invitation or inducement to engage in investment activity (within the meaning 
of Section 21 of the FSMA) received by it in connection with the issue or sale of any Notes in 
circumstances in which Section 21(1) of the FSMA would not, if the Issuer was not an authorised 
person, apply to the Issuer; and 
(b) 
it has complied and will comply with all applicable provisions of the FSMA with respect to 
anything done by it in relation to any Notes in, from or otherwise involving the United Kingdom. 
Norway 
Notes shall be registered in a central securities depositary authorised or recognised under Regulation (EU) 
No. 909/2014. 
Each Dealer has represented and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be 
required to represent and agree that, unless the Issuer has confirmed in writing to each Dealer that the Base 
Prospectus has been filed with the Norwegian FSA, it has not, directly or indirectly, offered or sold and 
will not, directly or indirectly, offer or sell any Notes in Norway or to residents of Norway except: 
(a) 
in respect of an offer of Notes addressed to investors subject to a minimum purchase of Notes for 
a total consideration of not less than €100,000 per investor;

--- Page 243 ---
228 
(b) 
to "professional investors" as defined in Sections 10-2 to 10-5 cf. Section 7-1 in the Norwegian 
Securities Trading Regulation of 29 June 2007 No. 876; 
(c) 
to, when aggregated with such offer or sale of any Notes in the same offering by any other Dealer, 
fewer than 150 natural or legal persons (other than "professional investors" as defined in Sections 
10-2 to 10-5 cf. Section 7-1 in the Norwegian Securities Trading Regulation of 29 June 2007 No. 
876), subject to obtaining the prior consent of the relevant Dealer or Dealers for any such offer; 
(d) 
in any other circumstances provided that no such offer of Notes shall result in a requirement for 
the registration, or the publication by the Issuer or the Dealer or Dealers of a prospectus pursuant 
to the Norwegian Securities Trading Act of 29 June 2007. 
Singapore 
Unless the Final Terms (or Pricing Supplement, as the case may be) in respect of any Notes specifies 
“Singapore Sales to Institutional Investors and Accredited Investors only” as “Not Applicable”, each Dealer 
has acknowledged, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be required to 
acknowledge, that this Base Prospectus has not been registered as a prospectus with the Monetary Authority 
of Singapore. Accordingly, each Dealer has represented, warranted and agreed, and each further Dealer 
appointed under the Programme will be required to represent, warrant and agree, that it has not offered or 
sold any Notes or caused the Notes to be made the subject of an invitation for subscription or purchase and 
will not offer or sell any Notes or cause the Notes to be made the subject of an invitation for subscription 
or purchase, and has not circulated or distributed, nor will it circulate or distribute, this Base Prospectus or 
any other document or material in connection with the offer or sale, or invitation for subscription or 
purchase, of the Notes, whether directly or indirectly, to any person in Singapore other than (i) to an 
institutional investor (as defined in Section 4A of the SFA) pursuant to Section 274 of the SFA or (ii) to an 
accredited investor (as defined in Section 4A of the SFA) pursuant to and in accordance with the conditions 
specified in Section 275 of the SFA. 
If the Final Terms (or Pricing Supplement, as the case may be) in respect of any Notes specifies “Singapore 
Sales to Institutional Investors and Accredited Investors only” as “Not Applicable”, each Dealer has 
acknowledged, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be required to acknowledge, 
that this Base Prospectus has not been registered as a prospectus with the Monetary Authority of Singapore. 
Accordingly, each Dealer has represented and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the 
Programme will be required to represent and agree, that it has not offered or sold any Notes or caused the 
Notes to be made the subject of an invitation for subscription or purchase and will not offer or sell any 
Notes or cause the Notes to be made the subject of an invitation for subscription or purchase, and has not 
circulated or distributed, nor will it circulate or distribute, this Base Prospectus or any other document or 
material in connection with the offer or sale, or invitation for subscription or purchase, of the Notes, whether 
directly or indirectly, to any person in Singapore other than (i) to an institutional investor (as defined in 
Section 4A of the SFA) pursuant to Section 274 of the SFA, (ii) to a relevant person (as defined in Section 
275(2) of the SFA) pursuant to Section 275(1) of the SFA, or any person pursuant to Section 275(1A) of 
the SFA, and in accordance with the conditions specified in Section 275 of the SFA, or (iii) otherwise 
pursuant to, and in accordance with the conditions of, any other applicable provision of the SFA. 
Switzerland 
(a) 
Each Dealer has represented, warranted and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the 
Programme will be required to represent, warrant and agree, that, subject to paragraph (b) below: 
(i) 
the Notes may not be publicly offered, directly or indirectly, in Switzerland within the 
meaning of the Swiss Financial Services Act (the "FinSA") and will not be admitted to 
trading on a trading venue (exchange or multilateral trading facility) in Switzerland; 
(ii) 
neither this Base Prospectus nor any Final Terms (or Pricing Supplement, as the case may 
be) nor any other offering or marketing material relating to any Notes (x) constitutes a 
prospectus as such term is understood pursuant to the FinSA or (y) has been or will be 
filed with or approved by a Swiss review body pursuant to article 52 of the FinSA; and

--- Page 244 ---
229 
(iii) 
neither this Base Prospectus nor any Final Terms (or Pricing Supplement, as the case may 
be) nor other offering or marketing material relating to any Notes may be publicly 
distributed or otherwise made publicly available in Switzerland. 
(b) 
Notwithstanding paragraph (a) above, in respect of any Tranche of Notes to be issued, the Issuer 
and the relevant Dealers may agree that (x) such Notes may be publicly offered in Switzerland 
within the meaning of the FinSA and/or (y) an application will be made by (or on behalf of) the 
Issuer to admit such Notes to trading on a trading venue (exchange or multilateral trading facility) 
in Switzerland, provided that (i) the Issuer is able to rely, and is relying, on an exemption from the 
requirement to prepare and publish a prospectus under the FinSA in connection with such public 
offer and/or application for admission to trading, (ii) in the case of any such public offer, the 
relevant Dealers have agreed to comply with any restrictions applicable to the offer and sale of 
such Notes that must be complied with in order for the Issuer to rely on such exemption, and (iii) 
the applicable Final Terms (or Pricing Supplement, as the case may be) will specify that such 
Notes may publicly offered in Switzerland within the meaning of the FinSA and/or the trading 
venue in Switzerland to which an application will be made by (or on behalf of) the Issuer to admit 
such Notes to trading thereon. 
Australia 
No prospectus or other disclosure document (as defined in the Corporations Act 2001 of Australia (the 
"Corporations Act")) in relation to the Notes has been, or will be, lodged with, or registered by, the 
Australian Securities and Investments Commission ("ASIC") or any other regulatory authority in Australia. 
Each Dealer has represented and agreed and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be 
required to represent and agree that it:  
(a)  
has not (directly or indirectly) offered or invited applications, and will not offer or invite 
applications, for the issue, sale or purchase of, any Notes in, to or from Australia (including an 
offer or invitation which is received by a person in Australia); and  
(b)  
has not distributed or published, and will not distribute or publish, the Base Prospectus or any 
other offering material or advertisement relating to the Notes in Australia,  
unless:  
(i) 
the aggregate consideration payable by each offeree or invitee is at least A$500,000 (or its 
equivalent in an alternative currency and, in either case, disregarding moneys lent by the 
offeror or its associates) or the offer or invitation otherwise does not require disclosure to 
investors in accordance with Part 6D.2 or Part 7.9 of the Corporations Act and complies 
with the terms of any consent granted under the Banking Act of 1959 of Australia;  
(ii) 
the offer or invitation is not made to a person who is a "retail client" within the meaning 
of section 761G of the Corporations Act;  
(iii) 
such action complies with all applicable laws, regulations and directives in Australia 
(including without limitation, the licensing requirements set out in Chapter 7 of the 
Corporations Act); and  
(iv) 
such action does not require any document to be lodged with ASIC or any other regulatory 
authority in Australia.  
This Base Prospectus is not, and under no circumstances is to be construed as, an advertisement or public 
offering of any Notes in Australia.  
In addition, each Dealer has represented and agreed and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme 
will be required to represent and agree that all offers, invitations and transfers by such Dealer which occur 
within Australia are to be in parcels of not less than A$500,000 in aggregate principal amount. Such 
restriction does not apply to transfers which occur outside Australia.

--- Page 245 ---
230 
Canada 
The Notes have not been, and will not be, qualified for sale under the securities laws of Canada or any 
province or territory thereof. Each Dealer has represented and agreed that the Notes may be sold only to, 
and it has not offered or sold and will not offer or sell Notes other than to, purchasers purchasing, or deemed 
to be purchasing, as principal that are accredited investors, as defined in National Instrument 45-106 
Prospectus Exemptions or subsection 73.3(1) of the Securities Act (Ontario), and are permitted clients, as 
defined in National Instrument 31-103 Registration Requirements, Exemptions and Ongoing Registrant 
Obligations. Any resale of the Notes must be made in accordance with an exemption from, or in a 
transaction not subject to, the prospectus requirements of applicable securities laws. 
Securities legislation in certain provinces or territories of Canada may provide a purchaser with remedies 
for rescission or damages if this Base Prospectus (including any amendment thereto) contains a 
misrepresentation, provided that the remedies for rescission or damages are exercised by the purchaser 
within the time limit prescribed by the securities legislation of the purchaser's province or territory. The 
purchaser should refer to any applicable provisions of the securities legislation of the purchaser's province 
or territory for particulars of these rights or consult with a legal advisor. 
Japan 
The Notes have not been and will not be registered under the Financial Instruments and Exchange Act of 
Japan (Act No. 25 of 1948, as amended, the "FIEA") and each Dealer has represented and agreed, and each 
further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be required to represent and agree, that it will not offer 
or sell any Notes, directly or indirectly, in Japan or to, or for the benefit of, any resident of Japan, or to 
others for re-offering or resale, directly or indirectly, in Japan or to a resident of Japan, except pursuant to 
an exemption from the registration requirements of, and otherwise in compliance with, the FIEA and any 
other applicable laws, regulations and ministerial guidelines of Japan. As used in this paragraph, "resident 
of Japan" means any person resident in Japan, including any corporation or other entity organised under 
the laws of Japan. 
Hong Kong 
Each Dealer has represented and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the Program will be 
required to represent and agree, that (i) it has not offered or sold and will not offer or sell in Hong Kong, 
by means of any document, any Notes (except for Notes which are a "structured product" as defined in the 
SFO) other than (a) to "professional investors" as defined in the SFO and any rules made under the SFO; 
or (b) in other circumstances which do not result in the document being a "prospectus" as defined in the 
Companies (Winding Up and Miscellaneous Provisions) Ordinance (Cap. 32) of Hong Kong (the 
"C(WUMP)O") or which do not constitute an offer to the public within the meaning of the C(WUMP)O; 
and (ii) it has not issued or had in its possession for the purposes of issue, and will not issue or have in its 
possession for the purposes of issue, whether in Hong Kong or elsewhere, any advertisement, invitation or 
document relating to the Notes, which is directed at, or the contents of which are likely to be accessed or 
read by, the public of Hong Kong (except if permitted to do so under the securities laws of Hong Kong) 
other than with respect to Notes which are or are intended to be disposed of only to persons outside Hong 
Kong or only to "professional investors" as defined in the SFO and any rules made under the SFO. 
Belgium 
Each Dealer has represented and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be 
required to represent and agree, that an offering of Notes may not be advertised to any individual in Belgium 
qualifying as a consumer within the meaning of Article I.1, 2° of the Belgian Code of Economic Law, as 
amended from time to time (a "Belgian Consumer") and that it has not offered, sold or resold, transferred 
or delivered, and will not offer, sell, resell, transfer or deliver, the Notes, and that it has not distributed, and 
will not distribute, any prospectus, memorandum, information circular, brochure or any similar documents 
in relation to the Notes, directly or indirectly, to any Belgian Consumer. 
Notes in bearer form (including, without limitation, definitive securities in bearer form and securities in 
bearer form underlying the Notes) shall not be physically delivered in Belgium, except to a clearing system, 
a depository or other institution for the purpose of their immobilisation in accordance with Article 4 of the 
Belgian Law of 14 December 2005 on the abolition of bearer securities.

--- Page 246 ---
231 
Italy 
The offering of the Notes has not been registered with the Commissione Nazionale per la Società e la Borsa 
("CONSOB") pursuant to Italian securities legislation and, accordingly, no Notes may be offered, sold or 
delivered, nor may copies of this Base Prospectus or of any other document relating to the Notes be 
distributed in the Republic of Italy, except: 
(i) 
to qualified investors (investitori qualificati), as defined pursuant to Article 2 of the Prospectus 
Regulation and any applicable provision of Legislative Decree No. 58 of 24 February 1998, as 
amended from time to time (the "Financial Services Act") and/or Italian CONSOB regulations; 
or 
 
(ii) 
in any other circumstances which are exempted from the rules on public offerings pursuant to 
Article 1 of the Prospectus Regulation, Article 34-ter of CONSOB Regulation No. 11971 of 14 
May 1999, as amended from time to time, and in accordance with any applicable Italian laws and 
regulations. 
 
Any offer, sale or delivery of the Notes or distribution of copies of this Base Prospectus or any other 
document relating to the Notes in the Republic of Italy under paragraph (i) or (ii) above must: 
 
(a) 
be made by an investment firm, bank or financial intermediary permitted to conduct such activities 
in the Republic of Italy in accordance with the Financial Services Act, CONSOB Regulation No. 
20307 of 15 February 2018 (as amended from time to time) and Legislative Decree No. 385 of 1 
September 1993, as amended (the "Banking Act"), and applicable laws and regulations; and 
 
(b) 
comply with any other applicable laws and regulations or requirement imposed by CONSOB, the 
Bank of Italy (including the reporting requirements, where applicable, pursuant to Article 129 of 
the Banking Act and the implementing guidelines of the Bank of Italy, as amended from time to 
time) and/or any other Italian authority. 
General 
Each Dealer has agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be required to agree, 
that it will (to the best of its knowledge and belief) comply with all applicable securities laws and 
regulations in force in any jurisdiction in which it purchases, offers, sells or delivers Notes or possesses or 
distributes this Base Prospectus and will obtain any consent, approval or permission required by it for the 
purchase, offer, sale or delivery by it of Notes under the laws and regulations in force in any jurisdiction to 
which it is subject or in which it makes such purchases, offers, sales or deliveries and none of the Issuer, 
the Arranger and any Dealer shall have any responsibility therefor. 
None of the Issuer, the Arranger and any Dealer represents that Notes may at any time lawfully be sold in 
compliance with any applicable registration or other requirements in any jurisdiction, or pursuant to any 
exemption available thereunder, or assumes any responsibility for facilitating such sale.

--- Page 247 ---
232 
GENERAL INFORMATION 
Authorisation 
The establishment of the Programme and the issue of Notes have been duly authorised by a resolution of 
the Annual General Meeting of the Issuer dated 25 April 2023.  
Listing and Admission to Trading 
Application has been made to Euronext Dublin for Notes issued under the Programme (other than Exempt 
Notes) within the period of 12 months from the date of this Base Prospectus to be admitted to trading on 
the regulated market and to be listed on the Official List. The regulated market of Euronext Dublin is a 
regulated market for the purposes of MiFID II. 
Documents Available 
For the period of 12 months from the date of this Base Prospectus, copies of the following documents will 
be available for inspection at the registered office of the Issuer and from the specified offices of the Paying 
Agents for the time being in London: 
(i) 
the constitutional documents (with an English translation thereof) of the Issuer (as the same may 
be updated from time to time); 
(ii) 
the Agency Agreement, the Deed of Covenant, the Issuer-ICSDs Agreement, the forms of the 
Temporary Bearer Global Note, the Permanent Bearer Global Note, the Registered Global Note, 
the definitive Bearer and Registered Notes, the Coupons and the Talons; 
(iii) 
the audited consolidated and non-consolidated annual financial statements of the Issuer for each of 
the financial years ended 31 December 2021 and 31 December 2022 together with the auditors' 
reports prepared in connection therewith; 
(iv) 
the most recently published audited annual financial statements of the Issuer and the most recently 
published unaudited interim financial statements (if any) of the Issuer, in each case together with 
any audit or review reports prepared in connection therewith; and 
(v) 
this Base Prospectus, any supplement to this Base Prospectus, each document incorporated by 
reference in this Base Prospectus from time to time and each Final Terms and each Pricing 
Supplement (save that Pricing Supplements relating to Exempt Notes will only be available for 
inspection by a holder of such Notes and such holder must produce evidence satisfactory to the 
Issuer and the relevant Paying Agent as to its holding of Notes and identity). 
The items listed above will also be electronically available for inspection at https://www.ir.dnb.no/funding-
and-rating/funding-programmes. 
For the avoidance of doubt, unless specifically incorporated by reference into this Base Prospectus, 
information contained on the above websites do not form part of this Base Prospectus. 
In addition, a copy of this Base Prospectus, any supplement to this Base Prospectus, each document 
incorporated by reference in this Base Prospectus from time to time and each Final Terms relating to Notes 
which are admitted to trading on the regulated market of Euronext Dublin will also be available on the 
website of Euronext Dublin (https://live.euronext.com/). 
Clearing Systems 
The Notes have been accepted for clearance through Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg. The 
appropriate Common Code and ISIN for each Tranche of Notes allocated by Euroclear, Clearstream, 
Luxembourg will be specified in the applicable Final Terms or, as the case may be, the applicable Pricing 
Supplement. If the Notes are to clear through an additional or alternative clearing system (including the 
VPS), the appropriate information will be specified in the applicable Final Terms or, as the case may be, 
the applicable Pricing Supplement. Euroclear, Clearstream, Luxembourg and the VPS are the entities in 
charge of keeping the records.

--- Page 248 ---
233 
The address of Euroclear is 1 Boulevard du Roi Albert II, B-1210 Brussels, Belgium; the address of 
Clearstream, Luxembourg is 42 Avenue J. F. Kennedy, L-1855 Luxembourg; and the address of the VPS 
is Fred. Olsens gate 1, Po. Box 1174 Sentrum, 0107 Oslo. 
Conditions for Determining Price 
The issue price and amount of the Notes of any Tranche to be issued will be determined at the time of the 
offering of such Tranche in accordance with prevailing market conditions. 
Material Change 
Since 31 December 2022 (being the last day of the financial period in respect of which the most recent 
audited financial statements of the Issuer have been published), there has been no material adverse change 
in the prospects of the Issuer.  
Since 31 December 2023 (being the last day of the financial period in respect of which the most recent 
unaudited interim financial statements of the Issuer have been published), there has been no significant 
change in the financial position or financial performance of the Issuer or the Group.  
Litigation 
Save as disclosed in "Description of the Issuer and the DNB Group-Litigation", neither the Issuer nor any 
member of the Group is or has been involved in any governmental, legal or arbitration proceedings 
(including any such proceedings which are pending or threatened of which the Issuer is aware) in the 12 
months preceding the date of this Base Prospectus which may have, or have in such period had, a significant 
effect on the financial position or profitability of the Issuer or the Group.  
Independent Auditors 
Ernst & Young AS ("Ernst & Young") of Dronning Eufemias gate 6, P.O. Box 20, NO-0051 Oslo, 
Norway, audited the financial statements of the Issuer in respect of the financial years ended 31 December 
2021 and 31 December 2022 without qualification. Ernst & Young is a member of the Norwegian Institute 
of Public Accountants and is supervised by the Norwegian FSA which is recognised by the Swiss Federal 
Council. Ernst & Young AS has not audited, reviewed or produced any report on any other information 
provided in this Base Prospectus. 
Language of this Base Prospectus 
The language of this Base Prospectus is English. Certain legislative references and technical terms have 
been cited in their original language in order that the correct technical meaning may be ascribed to them 
under applicable law. 
Post-issuance Information 
The Issuer does not intend to provide any post-issuance information in relation to any issues of Notes. 
Dealers Transacting with the Issuer 
Certain of the Dealers and their affiliates have engaged, and may in the future engage, in investment banking 
and/or commercial banking transactions with, and may perform services for the Issuer and its affiliates in 
the ordinary course of business. They have received, or may in the future receive, customary fees and 
commissions for these transactions. Certain of the Dealers and their affiliates may have positions, deal or 
make markets in the Notes issued under the Programme, related derivatives and reference obligations, 
including (but not limited to) entering into hedging strategies on behalf of the Issuer and their affiliates, 
investor clients, or as principal in order to manage their exposure, their general market risk, or other trading 
activities. 
In addition, in the ordinary course of their business activities, the Dealers and their affiliates may make or 
hold a broad array of investments and actively trade debt and equity securities (or related derivative 
securities) and financial instruments (including bank loans) for their own account and for the accounts of 
their customers. Such investments and securities activities may involve securities and/or instruments of the 
Issuer or Issuer's affiliates. Certain of the Dealers or their affiliates that have a lending relationship with the

--- Page 249 ---
234 
Issuer routinely hedge their credit exposure to the Issuer consistent with their customary risk management 
policies. Typically, such Dealers and their affiliates would hedge such exposure by entering into 
transactions which consist of either the purchase of credit default swaps or the creation of short positions 
in securities, including potentially the Notes issued under the Programme. Any such short positions could 
adversely affect future trading prices of Notes issued under the Programme. The Dealers and their affiliates 
may also make investment recommendations and/or publish or express independent research views in 
respect of such securities or financial instruments and may hold, or recommend to clients that they acquire, 
long and/or short positions in such securities and instruments. 
Irish Listing Agent 
The Irish Listing Agent is Arthur Cox Listing Services Limited and the address of its registered office is 
Arthur Cox Building, Earlsfort Terrace, Dublin 2, Ireland. Arthur Cox Listing Services Limited is acting 
solely in its capacity as listing agent for the Issuer in connection with the Notes and is not itself seeking 
admission of the Notes to the Official List or to trading on the regulated market of Euronext Dublin. 
Legal Entity Identifier (LEI) 
The Legal Entity Identifier (LEI) of the Issuer is 549300GKFG0RYRRQ1414. 
Issuer website 
The Issuer's website is https://www.dnb.no/en. Unless specifically incorporated by reference into this Base 
Prospectus, information contained on the website does not form part of this Base Prospectus. 
Validity of prospectus and prospectus supplements 
For the avoidance of doubt, the Issuer shall have no obligation to supplement this Base Prospectus after the 
end of its 12-month validity period.

--- Page 250 ---
235 
 
THE ISSUER 
DNB Bank ASA 
Dronning Eufemias gate 30 
0021 Oslo 
Norway 
 
ISSUING AND PRINCIPAL PAYING 
AGENT and TRANSFER AGENT 
REGISTRAR 
Citibank, N.A., London Branch 
Citibank Europe plc 
Citigroup Centre 
1 North Wall Quay 
Canada Square 
Dublin 
Canary Wharf 
Ireland 
London E14 5LB 
 
United Kingdom 
 
 
 
LEGAL ADVISERS 
To the Issuer as to English law 
To the Issuer as to Norwegian law 
Allen & Overy LLP 
DNB Bank ASA, Legal Department 
One Bishops Square 
Dronning Eufemias gate 30 
London E1 6AD 
0021 Oslo 
United Kingdom 
Norway 
 
To the Dealers as to English law  
To the Dealers as to Norwegian Law 
Herbert Smith Freehills LLP 
Wikborg Rein Advokatfirma AS 
Exchange House, Primrose Street 
Dronning Mauds Gate 11 
London EC2A 2EG 
PO Box 1513 Vika 
United Kingdom 
0250 Oslo 
 
Norway 
 
 
AUDITORS 
Ernst & Young AS 
Dronning Eufemias gate 6 
Oslo Atrium 
P.O. Box 20 
NO-0051 Oslo 
Norway

--- Page 251 ---
236 
DEALERS 
Deutsche Bank Aktiengesellschaft 
DNB Bank ASA 
Taunusanlage 12 
Dronning Eufemias gate 30 
60325 Frankfurt am Main 
N-0021 Oslo 
Germany 
Norway 
 
 
Goldman Sachs International 
Plumtree Court  
25 Shoe Lane  
London EC4A 4AU 
United Kingdom 
 
 
IRISH LISTING AGENT 
Arthur Cox Listing Services Limited 
Ten Earlsfort Terrace 
Dublin 2 
Ireland