--- Page 1 ---
DNB BOLIGKREDITT AS 
(incorporated in Norway) 
€60,000,000,000 
European Covered Bond (Premium) Programme 
Under this €60,000,000,000 European Covered Bond (Premium) Programme (the “Programme”), DNB Boligkreditt AS (the “Issuer”) may from time to 
time issue European covered bonds (premium) (obligasjoner med fortrinnsrett premium ("OMF premium")) in accordance with the Norwegian Act on 
financial institutions and financial groups of 10 April 2015 No. 17, Chapter 11, Sub-Chapter II and appurtenant regulations (“Covered Bonds”) 
denominated in any currency agreed between the Issuer and the relevant Dealer (as defined below). 
Covered Bonds may be issued in (i) bearer form (“Bearer Covered Bonds”), (ii) registered form (“Registered Covered Bonds”) or (iii) uncertificated 
and dematerialised book entry form, registered in accordance with section 3-1 of the Norwegian Securities Depository Act of 15 March 2019 no. 6 in a 
Securities Depository approved or acknowledged under the EU central securities depositories (CSD) regulation (Regulation (EU) No 909/2014 of 23 
July 2014 on improving securities settlement in the European Union and on central securities depositories and amending Directives 98/26/EC and 
2014/65/EU and Regulation (EU) No 236/2012) which, unless otherwise specified in the applicable Final Terms, will be the Verdipapirsentralen ASA 
(trading as Euronext Securities Oslo) (“VPS”), VP Securities Services (Værdipapircentralen A/S), the Danish central securities depository (“VP”), Nordic 
Central Securities Depository (NCSD Systems Aktiebolag), the Swedish central securities depository (“VPC”) (together, the “VP Systems Covered 
Bonds”) and/or any other clearing system as may be specified in the applicable Final Terms or Pricing Supplement (as defined below) in the case of 
Exempt Covered Bonds (as defined below).  
The maximum aggregate nominal amount of all Covered Bonds from time to time outstanding under the Programme will not exceed €60,000,000,000 
(or its equivalent in other currencies calculated as described herein). 
The Covered Bonds may be issued on a continuing basis to one or more of the Dealers specified under “Overview of the Programme” and any 
additional Dealer appointed under the Programme from time to time (each a “Dealer” and together the “Dealers”), which appointment may be for a 
specific issue or on an on-going basis. References in this base prospectus (the “Base Prospectus”) to the “relevant Dealer” shall, in the case of an 
issue of Covered Bonds being (or intended to be) subscribed by more than one Dealer, be to all Dealers agreeing to subscribe such Covered Bonds. 
An investment in Covered Bonds issued under the Programme involves certain risks. For a discussion of these risks see pages 19 – 51. 
This Base Prospectus has been approved by the Central Bank of Ireland (the “Central Bank”), as competent authority under the Prospectus Regulation 
(as defined below). The Central Bank only approves this Base Prospectus as meeting the standards of completeness, comprehensibility and consistency 
imposed by the Prospectus Regulation. Approval by the Central Bank should not be considered as an endorsement of the Issuer or of the quality of the 
Covered Bonds. Investors should make their own assessment as to the suitability of investing in the Covered Bonds. 
Such approval relates only to the Covered Bonds issued under the Programme (other than the Exempt Covered Bonds, the Swiss Domestic Covered 
Bonds and the VP Systems Covered Bonds which are not cleared through VPS, VP or VPC) that are to be admitted to trading on the regulated market 
(the “Regulated Market of Euronext Dublin”) of the Irish Stock Exchange plc trading as Euronext Dublin (“Euronext Dublin”) or on another regulated 
market in the European Economic Area (the “EEA”) for the purposes of Directive 2014/65/EU (as amended) (“MiFID II”) and/or which are to be offered 
to the public in any Member State of the EEA in circumstances that require the publication of a prospectus. 
Application has been made to Euronext Dublin for Covered Bonds issued under the Programme (other than the Exempt Covered Bonds, the Swiss 
Domestic Covered Bonds and the VP Systems Covered Bonds which are not cleared through VPS, VP or VPC) within 12 months of this Base Prospectus 
to be admitted to trading on its official list (the “Official List”) and trading on the Regulated Market of Euronext Dublin. The Regulated Market of Euronext 
Dublin is a regulated market for the purposes of MiFID II. In addition, application will be made to register the Programme on the SIX Swiss Exchange 
pursuant to article 54 of the Swiss Financial Services Act (the "FinSA"). Upon specific request, Covered Bonds (other than VP Systems Covered Bonds) 
issued under the Programme may then be listed on the SIX Swiss Exchange. 
References in this Base Prospectus to Covered Bonds being “listed” (and all related references) shall mean that such Covered Bonds are intended to 
be (i) admitted to trading on the Regulated Market of Euronext Dublin and are intended to be listed on the Official List or (ii) admitted to trading on the 
standard for bonds of the SIX Swiss Exchange, as the case may be. 
This Base Prospectus (as supplemented as at the relevant time, if applicable) is valid for 12 months from its date in relation to Covered Bonds which 
are to be admitted to trading on a regulated market in the EEA for the purposes of MiFID II. The obligation to supplement this Base Prospectus in the 
event of a significant new factor, material mistake or material inaccuracy does not apply when this Base Prospectus is no longer valid. 
The requirement to publish a prospectus under the Prospectus Regulation only applies to Covered Bonds which are to be admitted to trading on a 
regulated market in the EEA for the purposes of MiFID II. References in this Base Prospectus to “Exempt Covered Bonds” are to Covered Bonds for 
which no prospectus is required to be published under the Prospectus Regulation and which are not Swiss Domestic Covered Bonds. 
Notice of the aggregate nominal amount of Covered Bonds, interest (if any) payable in respect of Covered Bonds, the issue price of Covered Bonds 
and certain other information which is applicable to each Tranche (as defined under “Terms and Conditions of the Covered Bonds”) of Covered Bonds 
(other than in the case of Exempt Covered Bonds) will be set out in a Final Terms document (“Final Terms”) which, with respect to Covered Bonds to 
be listed on the Official List, will be delivered to the Central Bank and filed with Euronext Dublin or, with respect to Covered Bonds to be listed on the 
SIX Swiss Exchange, will be delivered to the SIX Swiss Exchange. Copies of the Final Terms in relation to Covered Bonds listed on the Official List and 
admitted to trading on the Regulated Market of Euronext Dublin will be published on the website of Euronext Dublin at 
https://www.euronext.com/en/markets/dublin. In the case of Exempt Covered Bonds, notice of the aggregate nominal amount of Covered Bonds, interest 
(if any) payable in respect of Covered Bonds, the issue price of Covered Bonds and certain other information which is applicable to each Tranche will 
be set out in a pricing supplement document (the “Pricing Supplement”). 
The Programme provides that Covered Bonds may be listed or admitted to trading, as the case may be, on such other or further stock exchanges or 
markets as may be agreed between the Issuer and the relevant Dealer. The Issuer may also issue Covered Bonds which are not listed or admitted to 
trading on any market.

--- Page 2 ---
0081160-0000146 UKO2: 2008138142.9 
2 
 
The Central Bank has neither reviewed nor approved any information in this Base Prospectus pertaining to Exempt Covered Bonds and Swiss Domestic 
Covered Bonds and the Central Bank assumes no responsibility in relation to issues of Exempt Covered Bonds and Swiss Domestic Covered Bonds. 
The Covered Bonds issued under the Programme are expected to be assigned an “AAA” rating by S&P Global Ratings Europe Limited (“S&P”) and an 
“Aaa” rating by Moody’s Investors Service Limited (“Moody’s”).  
S&P is a Dublin-based Irish company registered with the European Securities and Markets Authority as a credit rating agency under Regulation (EC) 
No. 1060/2009, as amended (the "CRA Regulation") and Moody's is established in the European Union ("EU") and registered under the CRA 
Regulation. As such, each of S&P and Moody's is included in the list of credit rating agencies published by the European Securities and Markets 
Authority ("ESMA") on its website (https://www.esma.europa.eu/supervision/credit-rating-agencies/risk) in accordance with the CRA Regulation. The 
ratings issued by S&P have been endorsed by S&P Global Ratings UK Limited and the ratings issued by Moody's have been endorsed by Moody's 
Investors Service Limited, in each case in accordance with the CRA Regulation as it forms part of UK domestic law by virtue of the European Union 
(Withdrawal) Act 2018 (as amended, the "EUWA") (the "UK CRA Regulation"). 
The Issuer may also issue covered bonds which are unrated or rated below “AAA” by S&P and/or “Aaa” by Moody’s. Details of the ratings of the Covered 
Bonds will be specified in the applicable Final Terms (or applicable Pricing Supplement, in the case of Exempt Covered Bonds). A security rating is not 
a recommendation to buy, sell or hold securities and may be subject to suspension, reduction or withdrawal at any time by the assigning rating agency. 
Amounts payable on Floating Rate Covered Bonds will be calculated by reference to one of the Copenhagen Interbank Offered Rate (“CIBOR”), the 
Euro Interbank Offered Rate (“EURIBOR”), the Norwegian Interbank Offered Rate (“NIBOR”), the Sterling Overnight Index Average (“SONIA”), the 
Secured Overnight Financing Rate (“SOFR”) or the Stockholm Interbank Offered Rate (“STIBOR”), as specified in the relevant Final Terms. As at the 
date of this Base Prospectus, each of the Danish Financial Benchmark Facility (as the administrator of CIBOR), the European Money Markets Institute 
(as the adminstrator of EURIBOR), the Norske Finansielle Referanser AS (as the administrator of NIBOR) and the Swedish Financial Benchmark Facility 
(as the administrator of STIBOR) are included in ESMA’s register of administrators and benchmarks under Article 36 of the Regulation (EU) No. 
2016/1011 (the “EU Benchmarks Regulation”). The Bank of England (as the administrator of SONIA) and the Federal Reserve Bank of New York (as 
the administrator of SOFR) are not included in ESMA's register of administrators and benchmarks under Article 36 of the EU Benchmarks Regulation. 
As far as the Issuer is aware, SONIA and SOFR do not fall within the scope of the EU Benchmarks Regulation by virtue of Article 2 of the EU Benchmarks 
Regulation. 
The date of this Base Prospectus is 27 June 2024. 
 
 
Arranger 
Barclays 
 
Dealers 
Barclays 
BNP PARIBAS 
Citigroup 
Commerzbank 
Deutsche Bank 
DNB Markets 
Goldman Sachs International 
HSBC 
Landesbank Baden-Württemberg 
Nomura 
NORD/LB 
UniCredit 
 
UBS Investment Bank

--- Page 3 ---
0081160-0000146 UKO2: 2008138142.9 
3 
 
This Base Prospectus constitutes a base prospectus in respect of all Covered Bonds 
other than Exempt Covered Bonds and Swiss Domestic Covered Bonds issued under the 
Programme for the purposes of Article 8 of the Prospectus Regulation. When used in this Base 
Prospectus, “Prospectus Regulation” means Regulation (EU) 2017/1129. 
The Issuer accepts responsibility for the information contained in this  Base Prospectus 
and the Final Terms for each Tranche of Covered Bonds issued under the Programme. To the 
best of the knowledge of the Issuer the information contained in this Base Prospectus is in 
accordance with the facts and does not omit anything likely to affect the import of such 
information. 
This Base Prospectus is to be read in conjunction with all documents which are deemed 
to be incorporated herein by reference (see “Documents Incorporated by Reference”). This Base 
Prospectus shall be read and construed on the basis that such documents are incorporated in, 
and form part of, this Base Prospectus. 
Other than in relation to the documents which are deemed to be incorporated by 
reference (see “Documents Incorporated by Reference”), the information on the websites to 
which this Base Prospectus refers does not form part of this Base Prospectus. 
Neither the Arranger nor the Dealers have independently verified (i) the information 
contained herein or (ii) any statement, representation, or warranty, or compliance with any 
covenant, of the Issuer contained in any Covered Bonds or any other agreement or document 
relating to any Covered Bonds or made in connection with the Programme, or any other 
agreement or document relating to the Programme. Accordingly, no representation, warranty or 
undertaking, express or implied, is made and no responsibility or liability is accepted by the 
Dealers or the Arranger as to (a) the accuracy or completeness of the information contained or 
incorporated in this Base Prospectus or any other information provided by the Issuer in 
connection with the Programme or (b) the execution, legality, effectiveness, adequacy, 
genuineness, validity, enforceability or admissibility in evidence of any Covered Bonds or any 
other agreement or document relating to any Covered Bonds or the Programme. No Dealer or 
the Arranger accepts any liability in relation to the information contained or incorporated by 
reference in this Base Prospectus or any other information provided by the Issuer in connection 
with the Programme. Neither the Arranger nor any Dealer assumes any fiduciary obligation to 
any investor in any Covered Bonds issued under the Programme. 
No person is or has been authorised by the Issuer, the Dealers or the Arranger to give 
any information or to make any representation not contained in or not consistent with this Base 
Prospectus or any other information supplied in connection with the Programme or the Covered 
Bonds and, if given or made, such information or representation must not be relied upon as 
having been authorised by the Issuer or any of the Dealers or the Arranger. 
Neither this Base Prospectus nor any other information supplied in  connection with the 
Programme or any Covered Bonds (i) is intended to provide the basis of any credit or other 
evaluation or (ii) should be considered as a recommendation by the Issuer, any of the Dealers 
or the Arranger that any recipient of this Base Prospectus or any other information supplied in 
connection with the Programme or any Covered Bonds should purchase any Covered Bonds. 
Each investor contemplating purchasing any Covered Bonds should make its own independent 
investigation of the financial condition and affairs, and its own appraisal of the creditworthiness, 
of the Issuer. Neither this Base Prospectus nor any other information supplied in connection 
with the Programme or the issue of any Covered Bonds constitutes an offer by or on behalf of 
the Issuer, any of the Dealers or the Arranger to any person to subscribe for or to purchase any 
Covered Bonds.

--- Page 4 ---
0081160-0000146 UKO2: 2008138142.9 
4 
 
Neither the delivery of this Base Prospectus nor the offering, sale or delivery of any 
Covered Bonds shall in any circumstances imply that the information contained herein 
concerning the Issuer is correct at any time subsequent to the date hereof or that any other 
information supplied in connection with the Programme is correct as of any time subsequent to 
the date indicated in the document containing the same. The Dealers and the Arranger expressly 
do not undertake to review the financial condition or affairs of the Issuer during the life of the 
Programme or to advise any investor in the Covered Bonds issued under the Programme of any 
information coming to their attention. 
IMPORTANT INFORMATION RELATING TO THE USE OF THIS BASE PROSPECTUS AND 
OFFERS OF COVERED BONDS GENERALLY 
This Base Prospectus does not constitute an offer to sell or the solicitation of an offer 
to buy any Covered Bonds in any jurisdiction to any person to whom it is unlawful to make the 
offer or solicitation in such jurisdiction. The distribution of this Base Prospectus and the offer 
or sale of Covered Bonds may be restricted by law in certain jurisdictions. The Issuer, the 
Dealers and the Arranger do not represent that this Base Prospectus may be lawfully distributed, 
or that any Covered Bonds may be lawfully offered, in compliance with any applicable 
registration or other requirements in any such jurisdiction, or pursuant to an exemption 
available thereunder, or assume any responsibility for facilitating any such distribution or 
offering. In particular, no action has been taken by the Issuer, the Dealers or the Arranger which 
is intended to permit a public offering of any Covered Bonds or distribution of this Base 
Prospectus in any jurisdiction where action for that purpose is required. Accordingly, no 
Covered Bonds may be offered or sold, directly or indirectly, and neither this Base Prospectus 
nor any advertisement or other offering material may be distributed or published in any 
jurisdiction, except under circumstances that will result in compliance with any applicable laws 
and regulations. Persons into whose possession this Base Prospectus or any Covered Bonds 
may come must inform themselves about, and observe, any such restrictions on the distribution 
of this Base Prospectus and the offering and sale of Covered Bonds. In particular, there are 
restrictions on the distribution of this Base Prospectus and the offer or sale of Covered Bonds 
in the United States, the EEA, the UK, Norway, Denmark, The Netherlands, Belgium, Japan and 
Switzerland. See “Subscription and Sale” below. 
The Covered Bonds may not be a suitable investment for all investors. Each potential 
investor in the Covered Bonds must determine the suitability of that investment in light of its 
own circumstances. In particular, each potential investor may wish to consider, either on its 
own or with the help of its financial and other professional advisers, whether it: 
(i) 
has sufficient knowledge and experience to make a meaningful evaluation of the 
Covered Bonds, the merits and risks of investing in the Covered Bonds and the 
information contained or incorporated by reference in this Base Prospectus or 
any applicable supplement; 
(ii) 
has access to, and knowledge of, appropriate analytical tools to evaluate, in the 
context of its particular financial situation, an investment in the Covered Bonds 
and the impact the Covered Bonds will have on its overall investment portfolio; 
(iii) 
has sufficient financial resources and liquidity to bear all of the risks of an 
investment in the Covered Bonds, including Covered Bonds where the currency 
for principal or interest payments is different from the potential investor's 
currency; 
(iv) 
understands thoroughly the terms of the Covered Bonds and is familiar with the 
behaviour of financial markets; and

--- Page 5 ---
0081160-0000146 UKO2: 2008138142.9 
5 
 
(v) 
is able to evaluate possible scenarios for economic, interest rate and other 
factors that may affect its investment and its ability to bear the applicable risks. 
Legal investment considerations may restrict certain investments. The 
investment activities of certain investors are subject to legal investment laws 
and regulations, or review or regulation by certain authorities. Each potential 
investor should consult its legal advisers to determine whether and to what 
extent (1) Covered Bonds are legal investments for it, (2) Covered Bonds can be 
used as collateral for various types of borrowing and (3) other restrictions apply 
to its purchase or pledge of any Covered Bonds. Financial institutions should 
consult their legal advisers or the appropriate regulators to determine the 
appropriate treatment of Covered Bonds under any applicable risk-based capital 
or similar rules. 
IMPORTANT – PROHIBITION OF SALES TO EEA RETAIL INVESTORS – If the Final Terms 
in respect of any Covered Bonds (or Pricing Supplement, in the case of Exempt Covered Bonds) 
includes a legend titled “Prohibition of Sales to EEA Retail Investors”, the Covered Bonds are 
not intended to be offered, sold or otherwise made available to and should not be offered, sold 
or otherwise made available to any retail investor in the EEA. For these purposes, a retail 
investor means a person who is one (or more) of: (i) a retail client as defined in point (11) of 
Article 4(1) of MiFID II); or (ii) a customer within the meaning of Directive (EU) 2016/97 (the 
“Insurance Distribution Directive”), where that customer would not qualify as a professional 
client as defined in point (10) of Article 4(1) of MiFID II; or (iii) not a qualified investor as defined 
in the Prospectus Regulation. Consequently no key information document required by 
Regulation (EU) No. 1286/2014 (as amended) (the “PRIIPs Regulation”) for offering or selling the 
Covered Bonds or otherwise making them available to retail investors in the EEA has been 
prepared and therefore offering or selling the Covered Bonds or otherwise making them 
available to any retail investor in the EEA may be unlawful under the PRIIPs Regulation. 
IMPORTANT – PROHIBITION OF SALES TO UK RETAIL INVESTORS – If the Final Terms 
in respect of any Covered Bonds (or Pricing Supplement, in the case of Exempt Covered Bonds) 
includes a legend entitled “Prohibition of Sales to UK Retail Investors”, the Covered Bonds are 
not intended to be offered, sold or otherwise made available to and should not be offered, sold 
or otherwise made available to any retail investor in the United Kingdom (“UK”). For these 
purposes, a retail investor means a person who is one (or more) of: (i) a retail client, as defined 
in point (8) of Article 2 of Regulation (EU) No 2017/565 as it forms part of domestic law by virtue 
of the European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018 (“EUWA”); or (ii) a customer within the meaning 
of the provisions of the Financial Services and Markets Act 2000 (“FSMA”) and any rules or 
regulations made under the FSMA to implement Directive (EU) 2016/97, where that customer 
would not qualify as a professional client, as defined in point (8) of Article 2(1) of Regulation 
(EU) No 600/2014 as it forms part of domestic law by virtue of the EUWA; or (iii) not a qualified 
investor as defined in Article 2 of Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 as it forms part of domestic law by 
virtue of the EUWA. Consequently no key information document required by Regulation (EU) No 
1286/2014 as it forms part of domestic law by virtue of the EUWA (the “UK PRIIPs Regulation”) 
for offering or selling the Covered Bonds or otherwise making them available to retail investors 
in the UK has been prepared and therefore offering or selling the Covered Bonds or otherwise 
making them available to any retail investor in the UK may be unlawful under the UK PRIIPs 
Regulation. 
MiFID II product governance / target market – The Final Terms in respect of any Covered 
Bonds (or Pricing Supplement, in the case of Exempt Covered Bonds) may include a legend 
titled “MiFID II product governance” which will outline the target market assessment in respect 
of the Covered Bonds and which channels for distribution of the Covered Bonds are appropriate. 
Any person subsequently offering, selling or recommending the Covered Bonds (a “distributor”)

--- Page 6 ---
0081160-0000146 UKO2: 2008138142.9 
6 
 
should take into consideration the target market assessment; however, a distributor subject to 
MiFID II is responsible for undertaking its own target market assessment in respect of the 
Covered Bonds (by either adopting or refining the target market assessment) and determining 
appropriate distribution channels. 
A determination will be made in relation to each issue about whether, for the purpose of 
the Product Governance rules under EU Delegated Directive 2017/593 (the “MiFID II Product 
Governance Rules”), any Dealer subscribing for any Covered Bonds is a manufacturer in 
respect of such Covered Bonds, but otherwise neither the Arranger nor the Dealers nor any of 
their respective affiliates will be a manufacturer for the purpose of the MiFID II Product 
Governance Rules. 
UK MiFIR product governance / target market – The Final Terms in respect of any 
Covered Bonds (or Pricing Supplement, in the case of Exempt Covered Bonds) may  include a 
legend entitled “UK MiFIR Product Governance” which will outline the target market assessment 
in respect of the Covered Bonds and which channels for distribution of the Covered Bonds are 
appropriate. Any person subsequently offering, selling or recommending the Covered Bonds (a 
“distributor”) should take into consideration the target market assessment; however, a 
distributor subject to the FCA Handbook Product Intervention and Product Governance 
Sourcebook (the “UK MiFIR Product Governance Rules”) is responsible for undertaking its own 
target market assessment in respect of the Covered Bonds (by either adopting or refining the 
target market assessment) and determining appropriate distribution channels.  
A determination will be made in relation to each issue about whether, for the purpose of 
the UK MiFIR Product Governance Rules, any Dealer subscribing for any Covered Bonds is a 
manufacturer in respect of such Covered Bonds, but otherwise neither the Arranger nor the 
Dealers nor any of their respective affiliates will be a manufacturer for the purpose of the UK 
MiFIR Product Governance Rules. 
The Covered Bonds have not been and will not be registered under the U.S. Securities 
Act of 1933, as amended (the “Securities Act”) or any U.S State securities laws and may not be 
offered or sold in the United States or to, or for the account or the benefit of, U.S. persons as 
defined in Regulation S under the Securities Act unless an exemption from the registration 
requirements of the Securities Act is available and in accordance with all applicable securities 
laws of any state of the United States and any other jurisdiction. 
The Bearer Covered Bonds of each Tranche (other than Swiss Domestic Covered Bonds) 
will initially be represented by a temporary global Covered Bond in bearer form (a “Temporary 
Bearer Global Covered Bond”) which will (i) if the temporary global Covered Bonds are intended 
to be issued in new global Covered Bond (“NGCB”) form, as specified in the applicable Final 
Terms (or applicable Pricing Supplement in the case of Exempt Covered Bonds), be delivered 
on or prior to the original issue date of the Tranche to a common safekeeper (the “Common 
Safekeeper”) for Euroclear Bank SA/NV (“Euroclear”) and Clearstream Banking S.A. 
(“Clearstream, Luxembourg”); and (ii) if the temporary global Covered Bonds are not intended 
to be issued in NGCB form, be delivered on or prior to the original issue date of the Tranche to 
a common depositary (the “Common Depositary”) for Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg. 
The Temporary Bearer Global Covered Bond will be exchangeable, as specified in the applicable 
Final Terms or, as the case may be the applicable Pricing Supplement, for either a permanent 
global Covered Bond in bearer form (a “Permanent Bearer Global Covered Bond”) or, in certain 
limited circumstances, Bearer Covered Bonds in definitive form, in each case upon certification 
as to non-U.S. beneficial ownership as required by U.S. Treasury regulations. The applicable 
Final Terms or, as the case may be, the applicable Pricing Supplement, will specify that a 
Permanent Bearer Global Covered Bond (other than Swiss Domestic Covered Bonds) either (i) 
is exchangeable (in whole but not in part) for definitive Covered Bonds upon not less than 60

--- Page 7 ---
0081160-0000146 UKO2: 2008138142.9 
7 
 
days’ notice or (ii) is only exchangeable (in whole but not in part) for definitive Covered Bonds 
following the occurrence of an Exchange Event (as defined under “Form of the Covered 
Bonds”), all as further described in “Form of the Covered Bonds” below. In respect of each 
Tranche of Swiss Domestic Covered Bonds, unless otherwise specified in the applicable Final 
Terms the Issuer will deliver a permanent Global Covered Bond which will be deposited on or 
prior to the original issue date of the Tranche with SIX SIS AG, the Swiss Securities Services 
Corporation located in Olten, Switzerland (“SIX SIS AG” or the “Intermediary” which 
expressions shall include any other clearing institution recognised by the SIX Swiss Exchange). 
Bearer Covered Bonds are subject to U.S. tax law requirements, and, subject to certain 
exceptions, may not be offered, resold or delivered within the United States to, or for the account 
or benefit of, United States persons. See “Subscription and Sale” below. 
Unless otherwise provided with respect to a particular Series (as defined under “Terms 
and Conditions of the Covered Bonds”) of Registered Covered Bonds, the Registered Covered 
Bonds of each Tranche will be represented by a permanent global Covered Bond in registered 
form, without interest coupons (a “Registered Global Covered Bond”), deposited with a common 
safekeeper for the accounts of Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg for the accounts of their 
respective participants or, in the case of Swiss Domestic Covered Bonds, deposited with the 
Intermediary and registered in the name of a nominee of the Intermediary. Prior to expiry of the 
period that ends 40 days after completion of the distribution of each Tranche of Covered Bonds, 
(the “Distribution Compliance Period”), beneficial interests in the Registered Global Covered 
Bond may not be offered or sold to, or for the account or benefit of, a U.S. person except in 
accordance with Regulation S or pursuant to any other applicable exemption from the 
registration requirements of the Securities Act. Registered Covered Bonds in definitive form 
will, at the request of the holder (save to the extent otherwise indicated in the applicable Final 
Terms (or applicable Pricing Supplement in the case of Exempt Covered Bonds)), be issued in 
exchange for interests in the Registered Global Covered Bonds upon compliance with the 
procedures for exchange as described in “Form of the Covered Bonds”. 
Each Tranche of VP Systems Covered Bonds will be issued in uncertificated and 
dematerialised book entry form, as more fully described under “Form of the Covered Bonds” 
below. On or before the issue date of each Tranche of VP Systems Covered Bonds entries may 
be made with VPS, VP or VPC (as the case may be) to evidence the debt represented by such 
VP Systems Covered Bonds to accountholders with VPS, VP or VPC (as the case may be). VP 
Systems Covered Bonds will be issued in accordance with the laws and regulations applicable 
to such VP Systems Covered Bonds from time to time. 
In this Base Prospectus, references to websites or uniform resource locators (each, a 
“URL”) are inactive textual references and are included for information purposes only. The 
contents of any such website or URL shall not form part of, or be deemed to be incorporated 
into, this Base Prospectus. Non-incorporated items are also either not relevant for investors or 
are covered elsewhere in this Base Prospectus. 
In this Base Prospectus, all references to: “U.S. dollars”, “U.S.$” and “$” refer to United 
States dollars; those to “CHF” refer to Swiss Francs; those to “NOK” refer to Norwegian kroner; 
those to “DKK” refer to Danish kroner; those to “SEK” refer to Swedish kronor; those to 
“Yen” refer to Japanese yen; those to “Sterling” and “£” refer to pounds sterling; and those to 
“euro” and “€” refer to the currency introduced at the start of the third stage of European 
economic and monetary union pursuant to the Treaty on the Functioning of the European Union, 
as amended. 
In connection with the issue of any Tranche of Covered Bonds, the Dealer or Dealers (if 
any) named as the Stabilisation Manager(s) (or persons acting on behalf of any Stabilisation

--- Page 8 ---
0081160-0000146 UKO2: 2008138142.9 
8 
 
Manager(s)) in the applicable Final Terms or Pricing Supplement may over-allot Covered Bonds 
or effect transactions with a view to supporting the market price of the Covered Bonds at a level 
higher than that which might otherwise prevail. However, stabilisation may not necessarily 
occur. Any stabilisation action may begin on or after the date on which adequate public 
disclosure of the terms of the offer of the relevant Tranche of Covered Bonds is made and, if 
begun, may cease at any time, but it must end no later than the earlier of 30 days after the issue 
date of the relevant Tranche of Covered Bonds and 60 days after the date of the allotment of the 
relevant Tranche of Covered Bonds. Any stabilisation action or over-allotment must be 
conducted by the relevant Stabilisation Manager(s) (or persons acting on behalf of any 
Stabilisation Manager(s)) in accordance with all applicable laws and rules.

--- Page 9 ---
0081160-0000146 UKO2: 2008138142.9 
9 
 
CONTENTS 
Page 
 
OVERVIEW OF THE PROGRAMME ................................................................................................... 10 
RISK FACTORS .................................................................................................................................... 19 
DOCUMENTS INCORPORATED BY REFERENCE ............................................................................ 52 
FORM OF THE COVERED BONDS ..................................................................................................... 55 
APPLICABLE FINAL TERMS ............................................................................................................... 60 
APPLICABLE PRICING SUPPLEMENT ............................................................................................... 99 
TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THE COVERED BONDS ................................................................ 118 
DESCRIPTION OF CERTAIN NORWEGIAN LEGISLATION RELATING TO COVERED BONDS .. 169 
THE ISSUER COVER POOL .............................................................................................................. 176 
CERTAIN PROVISIONS OF KEY TRANSACTION DOCUMENTS ................................................... 178 
USE OF PROCEEDS .......................................................................................................................... 188 
DESCRIPTION OF THE ISSUER ....................................................................................................... 189 
MANAGEMENT OF THE ISSUER ...................................................................................................... 191 
DESCRIPTION OF THE DNB GROUP .............................................................................................. 193 
TAXATION .......................................................................................................................................... 201 
SUBSCRIPTION AND SALE .............................................................................................................. 204 
GENERAL INFORMATION ................................................................................................................. 211 
GLOSSARY ........................................................................................................................................ 214

--- Page 10 ---
0081160-0000146 UKO2: 2008138142.9 
10 
 
OVERVIEW OF THE PROGRAMME 
The following overview does not purport to be complete and is taken from, and is qualified in 
its entirety by, the remainder of this Base Prospectus and, in relation to the terms and conditions of any 
particular Tranche of Covered Bonds, the applicable Final Terms (or, in the case of Exempt Covered 
Bonds, the applicable Pricing Supplement). 
This Overview constitutes a general description of the Programme for the purposes of Article 
25(1) of Commission Delegated Regulation (EU) No. 2019/980. 
Words and expressions defined in “Form of the Covered Bonds“ and “Terms and Conditions of 
the Covered Bonds“ shall have the same meanings in this Overview. 
 
Issuer: 
DNB Boligkreditt AS 
Issuer Legal Entity Identifier (LEI): 
5967007LIEEXZX659K67 
Risk Factors: 
There are certain factors that may affect the Issuer's ability to fulfil its 
obligations under Covered Bonds issued under the Programme. 
These are set out under “Risk Factors“ above and include 
macroeconomic conditions, business conditions in Norway, risks 
related to the Issuer Cover Pool, risks relating to the Issuer’s Hedging 
Arrangements and legal and regulatory risks relating to Covered 
Bonds. In addition, there are certain factors which are material for the 
purpose of assessing the market risks associated with Covered 
Bonds issued under the Programme. These are set out under “Risk 
Factors“ and include certain risks relating to the structure of particular 
Series of Covered Bonds and certain market risks. 
Description: 
Covered Bond Programme 
Arranger: 
Barclays Bank Ireland PLC 
Dealers: 
Barclays Bank Ireland PLC  
BNP Paribas  
Citigroup Global Markets Europe AG  
Citigroup Global Markets Limited  
Commerzbank Aktiengesellschaft 
Deutsche Bank Aktiengesellschaft  
DNB Bank ASA  
Goldman Sachs International  
HSBC Continental Europe  
Landesbank Baden-Württemberg  
Nomura Financial Products Europe GmbH

--- Page 11 ---
0081160-0000146 UKO2: 2008138142.9 
11 
 
Norddeutsche Landesbank – Girozentrale –  
UBS Europe SE  
UniCredit Bank GmbH 
and any other Dealers appointed in accordance with the Programme 
Agreement. 
Certain Restrictions: 
Each issue of Covered Bonds denominated in a currency in respect 
of which particular laws, guidelines, regulations, restrictions or 
reporting requirements apply will only be issued in circumstances 
which comply with such laws, guidelines, regulations, restrictions or 
reporting requirements from time to time (see “Subscription and 
Sale“). 
Fiscal Agent and Transfer Agent: 
Citibank, N.A. 
Registrar: 
Citigroup Global Markets Europe AG 
VPS Account Manager: 
DNB Bank ASA, Verdipapirservice 
VP Systems Account Manager: 
DNB Bank ASA, Verdipapirservice in its capacity as the VPS Account 
Manager and/or any other agent appointed by the Issuer from time to 
time in relation to the VP Systems Covered Bonds. 
Programme Size: 
Up to EUR 60,000,000,000 (or its equivalent in other currencies 
calculated as described in the Programme Agreement) outstanding 
at any time. The Issuer may increase the amount of the Programme 
in accordance with the terms of the Programme Agreement. 
Distribution: 
Covered Bonds may be distributed by way of private or public 
placement and in each case on a syndicated or non- syndicated 
basis. 
Currencies: 
Covered Bonds may be denominated in euro, Sterling, U.S. dollars, 
Swiss Francs, Yen, Norwegian Kroner, Danish Kroner, Swedish 
Kronor and, subject to any applicable legal or regulatory restrictions 
and any applicable reporting requirements, any other currency 
agreed between the Issuer and the relevant Dealer. 
Maturities: 
The Covered Bonds will have such maturities as may be agreed 
between the Issuer and the relevant Dealer, subject to such minimum 
or maximum maturities as may be allowed or required from time to 
time by the relevant central bank (or equivalent body) or any laws or 
regulations applicable to the Issuer or the relevant Specified 
Currency. 
Issue Price: 
Covered Bonds may be issued on a fully-paid basis and at an issue 
price which is at par or at a discount to, or premium over, par. 
Form of Covered Bonds: 
The Covered Bonds will be issued in bearer form, registered form or, 
in the case  of  VP  Systems  Covered  Bonds, uncertificated and

--- Page 12 ---
0081160-0000146 UKO2: 2008138142.9 
12 
 
dematerialised book entry form, as  described in “Form of the 
Covered Bonds“. VP Systems Covered Bonds will not be evidenced 
by any physical covered bond or document of title. Entitlements to VP 
Systems Covered Bonds will be evidenced by the crediting of VP 
Systems Covered Bonds to accounts with the relevant VPS, VP or 
VPC (as the case may be). 
 
Each Tranche of Bearer Covered Bonds (other than Swiss Domestic 
Covered Bonds) will be initially represented by a Temporary Bearer 
Global Covered Bond which will (i) if the global Covered Bonds are 
intended to be issued in NGCB form, as specified in the applicable 
Final Terms (or applicable Pricing Supplement, in the case of Exempt 
Covered Bonds), be delivered on or prior to the Issue Date to a 
Common Safekeeper for Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg; 
and (ii) if the global Covered Bonds are not intended to be issued in 
NGCB form, be delivered on or prior to the Issue Date to a Common 
Depositary for Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg. The 
Temporary Bearer Global Covered Bond will be exchangeable, as 
specified in the applicable Final Terms or, as the case may be, the 
applicable Pricing Supplement, for either a Permanent Bearer Global 
Covered Bond or Bearer Covered Bonds in definitive form, in each 
case upon certification as to non-U.S. beneficial ownership as 
required by U.S. Treasury regulations. In respect of each Tranche of 
Swiss Domestic Covered Bonds, unless otherwise specified in the 
applicable Final Terms, the Issuer will deliver a permanent global 
Covered Bond which will be deposited on or prior to the original issue 
date of the Tranche with the Intermediary. 
 
Bearer Covered Bonds will not be exchangeable for Registered 
Covered Bonds and vice versa. 
Clearing Systems: 
Euroclear, Clearstream, Luxembourg, VP, VPS, VPC and/or SIX SIS 
AG and/or, in relation to any Tranche of Covered Bonds, any other 
clearing system as may be specified in the relevant Final Terms or, 
as the case may be, the applicable Pricing Supplement. 
Status of the Covered Bonds: 
The Covered Bonds are unsubordinated obligations issued in 
accordance with the Financial Institutions Act and rank pari passu 
among themselves and with all other obligations of the Issuer that 
have been provided the same priority as debt instruments issued 
pursuant to the Financial Institutions Act. To the extent that claims in 
relation to the Covered Bonds and related derivative agreements are 
not met out of the assets of the Issuer that are covered in accordance 
with the Financial Institutions Act, the residual claims will rank pari 
passu with the unsecured and unsubordinated obligations of the 
Issuer. In the event of a public administration of the Issuer, the costs 
of such administration will rank ahead of a claim for payment of the 
Covered Bonds. See also “Description of Certain Norwegian 
Legislation relating to Covered Bonds”. 
Fixed Rate Covered Bonds: 
Fixed interest will be payable on such date or dates as may be agreed 
between the Issuer and the relevant Dealer and on redemption and 
will be calculated on the basis of such Day Count Fraction as may be 
agreed between the Issuer and the relevant Dealer.

--- Page 13 ---
0081160-0000146 UKO2: 2008138142.9 
13 
 
Floating Rate Covered Bonds: 
Floating Rate Covered Bonds will bear interest at a rate determined: 
 
(a) 
on the same basis as  the  floating  rate  under  a  notional 
interest rate swap transaction in the relevant Specified 
Currency governed by an agreement incorporating the 2006 
ISDA Definitions is specified in the applicable Final Terms 
(as published by the International Swaps and Derivatives 
Association, Inc., and as amended and updated as at the 
Issue Date of the first Tranche of the Covered Bonds of the 
relevant Series); or  
 
(b) 
on the basis of the reference rate set out in  the applicable 
Final Terms (or, in the case of Exempt Covered Bonds, the 
applicable Pricing Supplement). 
 
The margin (if any) relating to such floating rate will be agreed 
between the Issuer and the relevant Dealer for each Series of 
Floating Rate Covered Bonds. 
Floating Rate Covered Bonds may also have a maximum interest 
rate, a minimum interest rate or both. 
Interest on Floating Rate Covered Bonds in respect of each Interest 
Period, as agreed prior to issue by the Issuer and the relevant Dealer, 
will be payable on such Interest Payment Dates, and will be 
calculated on the basis of such Day Count Fraction, as may be 
agreed between the Issuer and the relevant Dealer. 
Benchmark Discontinuation: 
If “Benchmark Discontinuation – Independent Adviser” is specified to 
be applicable in the applicable Final Terms (or, in the case of Exempt 
Covered Bonds, the applicable Pricing Supplement) in the event that 
a Benchmark Event occurs in relation to an Original Reference Rate 
when any Rate of Interest (or any component part thereof) remains 
to be determined by reference to such Original Reference Rate, then 
the Issuer shall use its reasonable endeavours to appoint and consult 
with an Independent Adviser, as soon as reasonably practicable, with 
a view to the Issuer determining a Successor Rate, failing which an 
Alternative Rate and, in either case, an Adjustment Spread, if any, 
and any Benchmark Amendments as described in Condition 3(c) 
(Benchmark Discontinuation - Independent Adviser). 
If “Benchmark Discontinuation – ARRC” is specified to be applicable 
in the applicable Final Terms (or, in the case of Exempt Covered 
Bonds, the applicable Pricing Supplement), and the Issuer 
determines that a Benchmark Transition Event and its related 
Benchmark Replacement Date have occurred  prior  to  the  
Reference  Time  in  respect  of  any determination of the Benchmark 
on any date, the Issuer will determine a Benchmark Replacement in 
accordance with the benchmark transition provisions as described in 
Condition 3(d) (Benchmark Discontinuation – ARRC). 
Zero Coupon Covered Bonds: 
Zero Coupon Covered Bonds will be offered and sold at a discount to 
their nominal amount and will not bear interest.

--- Page 14 ---
0081160-0000146 UKO2: 2008138142.9 
14 
 
Exempt Covered Bonds 
The Issuer may agree with any Dealer that Exempt Covered Bonds 
may be issued in a form not contemplated by the Terms and 
Conditions of the Covered Bonds, in which event the relevant 
provisions will be included in the applicable Pricing Supplement. 
Redemption: 
The applicable Final Terms (or, in the case of Exempt Covered 
Bonds, the applicable Pricing Supplement) will indicate either that the 
relevant Covered Bonds cannot be redeemed prior to their stated 
maturity (other than for taxation reasons or following an event of 
default) or that such Covered Bonds will be redeemable at the option 
of the Issuer and/or the Covered Bondholders upon giving notice to 
the Covered Bondholders or the Issuer, as the case may be, on a 
date or dates specified prior to such stated maturity and at a price or 
prices as may be agreed between the Issuer and the relevant Dealer. 
Statutory Extended Maturity: 
The applicable Final Terms (or, in the case of Exempt Covered 
Bonds, the applicable Pricing Supplement) might provide that 
Statutory Extended Maturity applies to a Series of Covered Bonds.  
As regards redemption of Covered Bonds to which Statutory 
Extended Maturity so applies, if the Issuer has both (i) received a 
Statutory Maturity Extension Approval and (ii) failed to redeem the 
relevant Covered Bonds in full on the Maturity Date, the maturity of 
the principal amount outstanding of the Covered Bonds not 
redeemed will be automatically extended until the Statutory Extended 
Maturity Date, subject as otherwise provided for in the applicable 
Final Terms or, as the case may be, the applicable Pricing 
Supplement. In that event, the Issuer may redeem all or any part of 
the principal amount outstanding of the Covered Bonds on any 
Interest Payment Date falling after the Maturity Date up to and 
including the Statutory Extended Maturity Date or as otherwise 
provided for in the applicable Final Terms or, as the case may be, the 
applicable Pricing Supplement. 
As regards interest on Covered Bonds to which Statutory Extended 
Maturity so applies, if the Issuer has both (i) received a Statutory 
Maturity Extension Approval in respect of such Covered Bonds and 
(ii) failed to redeem the relevant Covered Bonds in full on the Maturity 
Date, the Covered Bonds will bear interest on the principal amount 
outstanding of the Covered Bonds from (and including) the Maturity 
Date to (but excluding) the earlier of the Interest Payment Date after 
the Maturity Date on which the Covered Bonds are redeemed in full 
or the Statutory Extended Maturity Date and will be payable in respect 
of the Interest Period ending immediately prior to the relevant  Interest  
Payment  Date  in  arrear  or  as otherwise provided for in the 
applicable Final Terms or, as the case may be, the applicable Pricing 
Supplement, on each Interest Payment Date after the Maturity Date 
at the rate provided for in the applicable Final Terms or applicable 
Pricing Supplement. 
In the case of a Series of Covered Bonds to which Statutory Extended 
Maturity so applies, those Covered Bonds may for the purposes of 
the Programme be:

--- Page 15 ---
0081160-0000146 UKO2: 2008138142.9 
15 
 
(a) 
Fixed  Interest  Covered  Bonds,  Floating  Rate  Covered 
Bonds or Zero Coupon Covered Bonds, in respect of the 
period from the Issue Date to (and including) the Maturity 
Date; and 
(b) 
Fixed Interest Covered Bonds  or  Floating  Rate  Covered 
Bonds in respect of the period from (but excluding) the 
Maturity Date to (and including) the Statutory Extended 
Maturity Date, 
as set out in the applicable Final Terms or, as the case may be, the 
applicable Pricing Supplement. 
 
In the case of Covered Bonds which are Zero Coupon Covered 
Bonds up to (and including) the Maturity Date and for which Statutory 
Extended Maturity applies, the initial outstanding principal amount on 
the Maturity Date for the above purposes will be the total amount 
otherwise payable by the Issuer but unpaid on the relevant Covered 
Bonds on the Maturity Date. 
Denomination of Covered Bonds: 
The Covered Bonds will be issued in such denominations as may be 
agreed between the Issuer and the relevant Dealer save that the 
minimum denomination of each Covered Bond will be such amount 
as may be allowed or required from time to time by the relevant 
central bank (or equivalent body) or any laws or regulations 
applicable to the relevant Specified Currency and save that the 
minimum denomination of each Covered Bond (other than Exempt 
Covered Bonds) will be at least €100,000 (or, if the Covered Bonds 
are denominated in a currency other than euro, the equivalent 
amount in such currency). 
Taxation: 
All payments in respect of the Covered Bonds will be made without 
deduction for or on account of withholding taxes imposed by any Tax 
Jurisdiction as provided in Condition 6. In the event that any such 
deduction is made, the Issuer will, save in certain limited 
circumstances provided in Condition 6, be required to pay additional 
amounts to cover the amounts so deducted. 
Negative Pledge: 
The terms of the Covered Bonds will not contain a negative pledge 
provision. 
Cross Default: 
The terms of the Covered Bonds will not contain a cross default 
provision. 
Issuer Covenants: 
Pursuant to the Conditions, the Issuer covenants in favour of the 
Covered Bondholders in connection with the value and maintenance 
of the Issuer Cover Pool and its compliance with certain other key 
obligations imposed on it under the Financing Legislation (as defined 
below) (see Condition 11 (Issuer Covenants)). 
 
Covered Bondholders do not have any rights of acceleration under 
the Conditions of the Covered Bonds in the event that the Issuer 
breaches any of the covenants given under them (see “Cross Default

--- Page 16 ---
0081160-0000146 UKO2: 2008138142.9 
16 
 
and other Events” above). In those circumstances, Covered 
Bondholders will be entitled to bring a claim against the Issuer directly 
in respect of such breach. 
Assets included in the Issuer Cover Pool may not, according to the 
Financing Legislation, be pledged or be subject to execution, 
attachment or other enforcement proceedings in favour of particular 
creditors of the Issuer, and nor may a right of set-off, right of retention 
or the like be declared an asset included in the Issuer Cover Pool, 
unless otherwise permitted under the Financing Legislation. 
Rating: 
Series of Covered Bonds issued under the Programme may be rated 
or unrated. Where a Series of Covered Bonds is rated, such rating 
will be disclosed in the applicable Final Terms (or applicable Pricing 
Supplement, in the case of Exempt Covered Bonds) and will not 
necessarily be the same as the ratings assigned to the Programme. 
A security rating is not a recommendation to buy, sell or hold 
securities and may be subject to suspension, reduction or withdrawal 
at any time by the assigning rating agency. 
Listing and admission to trading: 
Application has been made to the Central Bank of Ireland to approve 
this document as a base prospectus. Application has been made to 
Euronext Dublin for Covered Bonds issued under the Programme 
(other than the Exempt Covered Bonds, the Swiss Domestic Covered 
Bonds and the VP Systems Covered Bonds which are not cleared 
through VPS, VP or VPC) within 12 months of this Base Prospectus 
to be admitted to the Official List (the “Official List”) and trading on its 
regulated market (the “Regulated Market of Euronext Dublin”). 
Such approval relates only to the Covered Bonds issued under the 
Programme (other than the Exempt Covered Bonds, the Swiss 
Domestic Covered Bonds and the VP Systems Covered Bonds which 
are not cleared through VPS, VP or VPC) which are to be admitted 
to trading on a regulated market for the purposes of MiFID II and/or 
which are to be offered to the public in any Member State of the EEA. 
 
Applications may be made to list VP Systems Covered Bonds on the 
Oslo Stock Exchange. Any such applications will be in accordance 
with applicable laws and regulations governing the listing of VP 
Systems Covered Bonds on the Oslo Stock Exchange, from time to 
time. 
 
In addition, application will be made pursuant to article 54 FinSA to 
register the Programme on the SIX Swiss Exchange. Upon specific 
request, Covered Bonds issued under the Programme may then be 
listed on the SIX Swiss Exchange. 
 
Covered Bonds may be listed or admitted to trading, as the case may 
be, on other or further stock exchanges or markets agreed between 
the Issuer and the relevant Dealer in relation to the Series. Covered 
Bonds which are neither listed nor admitted to trading on any market 
may also be issued.

--- Page 17 ---
0081160-0000146 UKO2: 2008138142.9 
17 
 
 
The applicable Final Terms (or Pricing Supplement, in the case of 
Exempt Covered Bonds) will state whether or not the relevant 
Covered Bonds are to be listed and/or admitted to trading and, if so, 
on which stock exchanges and/or markets. 
Governing Law: 
The Covered Bonds and any non-contractual obligations arising out 
of or in connection with them shall be governed by, and construed in 
accordance with, English law except that the provisions of the 
Covered Bonds under Condition 2 and Condition 11 will be governed 
by, and construed in accordance with, Norwegian law. 
VP Systems Covered Bonds must comply with the relevant 
regulations and legislation (as amended from time to time) of VPS, 
VP or VPC (as the case may be) and the holders of VP Systems 
Covered Bonds will be entitled to the rights and are subject to the 
obligations and liabilities which arise under the relevant Danish, 
Norwegian or Swedish regulations and legislation. 
Selling Restrictions: 
There are selling restrictions on the offer, sale and transfer of the 
Covered Bonds in the United States, the EEA, the UK, Norway, 
Denmark, Sweden, The Netherlands, Belgium, Japan and 
Switzerland and such other restrictions as may be required in 
connection with the offering and sale of a particular Tranche of 
Covered Bonds. See “Subscription and Sale” below. 
United States Selling Restrictions: 
For United States securities law only, the Issuer is a Category 2 
issuer under Regulation S. Bearer Covered Bonds will be issued in 
compliance with U.S. Treasury Regulations §1.163-5(c)(2)(i)(D) (or 
any successor U.S. Treasury regulation section, including without 
limitation, successor regulations issued in accordance with IRS 
Notice 2012-20 or otherwise in connection with the United States 
Hiring Incentives to Restore Employment Act of 2010) (the “D Rules”) 
or 1.163-5(c)(2)(i)(C) (or any successor U.S. Treasury regulation 
section, including without limitation, successor regulations issued in 
accordance with IRS Notice 2012-20 or otherwise in connection with 
the United States Hiring Incentives to Restore Employment Act of 
2010) (the “C Rules”), unless the Bearer Covered Bonds are issued 
in circumstances in which the Bearer Covered Bonds will not 
constitute “registration required obligations” for U.S. federal income 
tax purposes, which circumstances will be referred to in  the  
applicable  Final  Terms  or, as  the case may be, the applicable  
Pricing  Supplement as a transaction to which TEFRA is not 
applicable. 
Issuer’s other programmes: 
As at the date of this Base Prospectus, all Covered Bonds issued by 
the Issuer under the Programme and any other mortgage covered 
bonds issued by the Issuer have, and will have, the benefit of a 
statutory preference under the Financial Institutions Act and the 
Financial Institutions Regulation on the Issuer Cover Pool. As at the 
date of this Base Prospectus, the Issuer maintains one Cover Pool in 
respect of the covered bonds issued under the Programme and any 
other mortgage covered bonds that it may issue from time to time. 
The Issuer may, in accordance with the relevant provisions of the

--- Page 18 ---
0081160-0000146 UKO2: 2008138142.9 
18 
 
Financial Institutions Act, maintain more than one Cover Pool in the 
future (which may involve a split or reorganisation of the existing 
Issuer Cover Pool) (see “Description of Certain Norwegian 
Legislation Relating to Covered Bonds - Register requirements and 
investor information”) and, if it does so, the Issuer will identify against 
which Issuer Cover Pool the relevant Covered Bondholders will have 
a preferential claim. Insofar as only one Issuer Cover Pool is 
maintained by the Issuer, Covered Bondholders will share the benefit 
of such Cover Pool with all other covered bondholders.

--- Page 19 ---
0081160-0000146 UKO2: 2008138142.9 
19 
 
RISK FACTORS 
The Issuer believes that the following factors may affect its ability to fulfil its obligations under 
Covered Bonds issued under the Programme. All of these factors are contingencies which may or may 
not occur. Factors which the Issuer believes may be material for the purpose of assessing the market 
risks associated with Covered Bonds or affect the value of the Issuer Cover Pool issued under the  
Programme are also described below. 
The Issuer believes that the factors described below represent the principal risks inherent in 
investing in Covered Bonds issued under the Programme, but the Issuer may be unable to pay interest, 
principal or other amounts on or in connection with any Covered Bonds or the value of the Issuer Cover 
Pool may be affected for other reasons which may not be considered significant risks by the Issuer 
based on information currently available to it and which it may not currently be able to anticipate. 
Prospective investors should also read the detailed information set out elsewhere in this Base 
Prospectus and reach their own views prior to making any investment decision. 
A. 
Risks Relating to the Macroeconomic Conditions  
Negative economic developments and conditions in Norway and the markets in which the DNB 
Group and the Issuer operate may adversely affect the DNB Group’s and the Issuer’s business and 
results of operations and are likely to continue to do so if those conditions persist or recur. 
 The performance of the Issuer and the DNB Group and the level of mortgage borrowing in 
Norway depend on business conditions and economic activity in Norway. In particular, borrowing levels 
are heavily dependent on customer confidence, employment trends, the state of the economy, and 
market interest rates. The Issuer’s performance is significantly influenced by general economic 
conditions in Norway as well as general global economic conditions as they may affect both the general 
economic conditions in Norway (being an open and relatively small economy) and particular sectors of 
the economy that are important to the DNB Group's (including the Issuer’s) business, such as the 
offshore oil and gas sector, shipping and real estate. As the DNB Group currently conducts the majority 
of its business in Norway, its performance is significantly influenced by the level and cyclical nature of 
business activity in Norway, which is in turn affected by both domestic and international economic 
factors (for example, interest rates, inflation and fluctuations in the price of oil and gas), geopolitical 
events (including the Russian invasion of Ukraine as discussed under "— The DNB Group’s business, 
financial condition and results of operations may be adversely affected by the Russian invasion of 
Ukraine and other geopolitical risks" below) and political events, including trade policy disagreements, 
for example, between the United States and China, which have a negative impact on the global financial 
markets.  
Mainland GDP in Norway grew by 3.7 per cent. in 2022 and is estimated to have grown by 1.1 
per cent. in 2023 (Source: Norges Bank, 20 June 2024). Estimated GDP for 2024 and the coming years 
is uncertain, however recent estimates from Norges Bank suggest growth of 0.8 per cent. in 2024, 
growth of 1.3 per cent. in 2025 and growth of 1.2 per cent. in 2026 (Source: Norges Bank, 20 June 
2024). In its World Economic Outlook Update, the International Monetary Fund ("IMF") notes that global 
economic growth is projected to remain at 3.1 per cent. in 2024 and increase to 3.2 per cent. in 2025. 
The forecast for 2024 to 2025 is, however, below the historical average of 3.8 per cent. (between 2000 
and 2019), with elevated central bank policy rates to fight inflation, a withdrawal of fiscal support amid 
high debt weighing on economic activity, and low underlying productivity growth (Source: The World 
Economic Outlook Update: Moderating Inflation and Steady Growth Open Path to Soft Landing, January 
2024, The IMF, 30 January 2024).  
Rising inflation has become a significant issue, both in Norway and globally. However, the 
inflation path in Norway is on a downward trajectory, and in May 2024 the twelve month inflation rate in 
Norway was 3.0 per cent. (Source: Statistics Norway, 10 June 2024), with May 2024 being the fifth

--- Page 20 ---
0081160-0000146 UKO2: 2008138142.9 
20 
 
month in a row with lower inflation. The main driver of inflation has been higher prices on food and 
beverages, while lower electricity prices have had a disinflationary effect. Core inflation in Norway (i.e. 
inflation adjusted for tax changes and excluding electricity and fuel) was 4.1 per cent. in May 2024 on 
a twelve-month basis (Source: Statistics Norway, 10 June 2024). Inflation is not, however, coming down 
at the same pace as expected by Norges Bank, and continued high inflation may delay potential interest 
rate cuts and potentially also trigger increased policy rates. This may have a detrimental effect on the 
growth of the Norwegian economy and, in turn, on the DNB Group’s customers. Thus, higher inflation 
rates may create a risk that real income for households in Norway could decrease in 2024 and the 
following years. This may have an adverse effect on the Issuer’s customers which could, in turn, 
adversely affect the Issuer’s business, financial condition and results of operations and its ability to 
perform its obligations under the Covered Bonds. Higher wages as a result of higher inflation will also 
lead to higher nominal costs for the DNB Group. 
The unemployment rate in Norway has been at a historically low level in a European context. 
Due to the outbreak of COVID-19, the unemployment rate increased significantly in the second quarter 
of 2020, but has since decreased. As at 31 May 2024, the registered unemployment rate was 2.0 per 
cent. (Source: Labour and Welfare agency, 31 May 2024). The registered unemployment rate is 
expected to reach 2.0 per cent. as at 31 December 2024, 2.2 per cent. as at 31 December 2025 and 
2.3 per cent. as at 31 December 2026 (Source: Norges Bank, 20 June 2024). Although it is not possible 
to accurately predict the unemployment rate in future periods, a persistent lower or volatile oil price 
environment, together with any further waves of infection and/or new variants of COVID-19 or 
macroeconomic consequences from either the Russian invasion of Ukraine and related economic 
sanctions or general financial instability, could have a material adverse effect on the unemployment 
rate in Norway. 
The state of the Norwegian economy depends to a large extent on the performance of the oil 
and gas industry. The outbreak of COVID-19 and the consequent significant decrease in demand for 
oil, coupled with the decision of the Organization of the Petroleum Exporting Countries (“OPEC”) to 
remove all limits on oil production in March 2020, caused a sharp drop in oil prices in the first half of 
2020. Since then, crude oil prices have been increasing due to OPEC production agreements, economic 
recovery and as a result of the conflict between Russia and Ukraine - with Brent crude oil prices reaching 
U.S.$139.13 per barrel on 7 March 2022, the highest level in almost 14 years.  
Despite better than expected oil demand growth in 2023, combined with continued OPEC 
production cuts, Brent crude oil prices declined to approximately U.S.$72 per barrel in mid-June 2023 
as global oil supply was higher than expected. In November 2023, OPEC increased its production cuts 
for the first quarter of 2024. In a subsequent meeting in June 2024, OPEC decided to continue to roll 
their cuts through the third quarter of 2024. During this meeting, the United Arab Emirates was granted 
an increase in their production quotas of 300 kb/b. These additional volumes will significantly soften the 
global oil market balance if they are introduced. If OPEC were to introduce new production cuts or 
change their strategy from price-focused to volume-focused, this could result in significant fluctuations 
in oil prices. Furthermore, escalating geopolitical risks, particularly in the Middle East and the conflict 
between Russia and Ukraine, also pose a potential threat to global oil supply.  
European natural gas prices also experienced unprecedented volatility in 2022, particularly as 
a result of the conflict between Russia and Ukraine. Gas prices increased in the first half of 2022, with 
prices reaching historic highs in August 2022. Since then, European gas prices have been declining. 
The combination of record high liquefied natural gas (“LNG”) imports to Europe and decreased demand 
has more than balanced the European gas market and pushed gas inventories to record high seasonal 
levels. 
The global LNG market is expected to remain relatively tight in 2024, but significant supply 
additions are expected between late 2025 and 2030, primarily driven by expanding U.S. and Qatar LNG

--- Page 21 ---
0081160-0000146 UKO2: 2008138142.9 
21 
 
export capacity. As a result, there is a significant risk of the global LNG balance moving from tightness 
to oversupply over the next five years.  
With the loss of Russian gas import volumes, the European gas market has become highly 
dependent on sourcing a significant share of its gas consumption from the global LNG market. 
Consequently, European gas prices are strongly interlinked with the global LNG market, which is at risk 
of moving from tightness to oversupply within the next five years.  
The result of the volatility referred to above and the ongoing geopolitical uncertainty means that 
the level of oil and gas investments is highly uncertain, thereby directly impacting the operations and 
profitability of the DNB Group's clients in the oil, gas and offshore industry, which, as of 31 March 2024, 
accounted for approximately 3.0 per cent. of total exposure at default (excluding credit institutions) for 
the DNB Group. Investments in oil and gas in Norway decreased by 7.2 per cent. in 2022 and 
subsequently increased by an estimated 10.5 per cent. in 2023 (Source: Norges Bank, 20 June 2024). 
Norges Bank has estimated that there will be a 19.0 per cent. increase in 2024, a 4.0 per cent. decrease 
in 2025 and a 3.0 per cent. decrease in 2026 (Source: Norges Bank, 20 June 2024). Significant 
reductions and/or volatility in oil and gas prices could have a significant impact on oil and gas 
investments in 2024 and beyond. Low oil and gas prices, high volatility in oil and gas prices and reduced 
oil- and gas-related investments would likely have a material adverse effect on the Norwegian economy 
and the Issuer’s business, financial condition and results of operations and its ability to perform its 
obligations under the Covered Bonds. 
Any or all of the conditions described above could have a material adverse effect on the DNB 
Group’s, including the Issuer, business, financial condition and results of operations, and measures 
implemented by the DNB Group might not be adequate to reduce any credit, market and liquidity risks. 
Norwegian households are exposed to a decrease in housing prices and increases in interest 
rates may impact the customers’ ability to service the loans 
Housing prices have risen steadily in Norway over the last two decades. Although housing 
prices dropped in 2017 due to a low oil price environment and in 2020 as a result of the COVID-19 
pandemic, prices recovered in both instances. Housing prices in Norway reached an all-time high in 
May 2024, and have increased 8.2 per cent. so far in 2024 (Source: Housing price statistics, Real Estate 
Norway, 5 June 2024). The increase so far in 2024 is a reflection of robust household income and high 
demand for housing. Housing prices have increased 2.1 per cent. in the last two years, 9.5 per cent. in 
the last three years and 24.9 per cent. in the last five years. 
Norges Bank estimates that housing prices will increase by 3.3 per cent. in 2024, 6.9 per cent. 
in 2025 and 7.9 per cent. in 2026 (Source: Norges Bank, 20 June 2024). These estimates are, however, 
uncertain. A decline in the value of retail real estate, whether as a result of developments in the broader 
economy and/or a reduction in the availability of credit or otherwise, could reduce the value of the 
collateral for these loans significantly and, if accompanied by weakened economic conditions and/or 
higher unemployment, could have a material adverse effect on the quality of the DNB Group's and the 
Issuer’s retail real estate loans, and could also affect the Issuer by reducing the value of the Issuer 
Cover Pool relative to the statutory asset coverage requirement. Further, a general decline in the 
Norwegian economy could result in bankruptcies and lay-offs, which, in turn, could lead to a material 
increase in impairments recorded by the DNB Group and the Issuer on its loan portfolio within this 
sector.  
Norwegian customers have historically demonstrated a preference for floating rate mortgages, 
where lenders can increase the interest rate on two months written notice. Due to this, increases in 
interest rates could weaken the liquidity situation of certain borrowers and thereby their ability to make 
timely payments on their mortgages. Increases in the central bank policy rate generally leads to an 
increase in interest rate for borrowers. Due to the negative effects of the COVID-19 pandemic, Norges

--- Page 22 ---
0081160-0000146 UKO2: 2008138142.9 
22 
 
Bank, the central bank in Norway, cut the key policy rate to 0 per cent. in May 2020. After the negative 
effects from the COVID-19 pandemic tapered off and the Norwegian economy recovered to an extent, 
Norges Bank started increasing the key policy rate. Following the rising inflation, the key policy rate has 
increased further, and is now at 4.50 per cent. Norges Bank signalled on 20 June 2024 that the key 
policy rate will likely be kept at that level for some time ahead, and its updated rate path did not indicate 
any cuts before 2025 (Source: Norges Bank, 20 June 2024). 
As of 31 March 2024, floating rate mortgages constitute 95.1 per cent. of the total Issuer Cover 
Pool. Further, household debt ratios in Norway are high, both historically and compared with other 
countries. Such high household debt levels in Norway increases the sensitivity of borrowers to higher 
inflation and interest rate hikes. 
Should a continued decrease in housing prices materialise, and/or household indebtedness 
increase and/or interest rates increase from their current low levels, there could be a material increase in 
mortgage defaults, including mortgages issued by the Issuer, which in turn could have a material 
adverse effect on the Issuer’s business, financial condition and results of operations. 
The DNB Group’s business, financial condition and results of operations may be adversely 
affected by the Russian invasion of Ukraine and other geopolitical risks. 
The geopolitical tension between Russia and Ukraine increased in 2021 as Russian military 
activity in the region increased and Russia demanded guarantees that the North Atlantic Treaty 
Organization (“NATO”) should not be expanded. As a result, several NATO countries have increased 
military troops in the eastern parts of Europe. On 24 February 2022, Russia launched a large-scale 
invasion of Ukraine. This conflict has impacted and is expected to continue to impact energy prices and 
energy supply in Europe, which is largely dependent on Russian natural gas and on crude oil. In 
addition, NATO and other countries have implemented unprecedented economic and other sanctions 
against Russia in response to the invasion of Ukraine. Examples of such sanctions include a prohibition 
on doing business with certain Russian companies, large financial institutions, officials and oligarchs 
and a commitment by certain countries and the European Union to remove selected Russian banks 
from the Society for Worldwide Interbank Financial Telecommunications (“SWIFT”), the electronic 
banking network that connects banks globally. Many Western companies have also announced the 
cessation of their Russian businesses and/or their unwillingness to retain interests in Russian assets or 
to continue dealings with Russian or related counterparties, even where such action is not required by 
current sanction regimes. The scope and scale of such economic sanctions and voluntary actions by 
companies remain subject to rapid and unpredictable change and may have considerable negative 
impacts on global macroeconomic conditions and on European economies and counterparties. 
Moreover, existing concerns about market volatility, rising commodity prices, disruptions to supply 
chains, high rates of inflation and the risk of regional or global recessions or “stagflation” (i.e., recession 
or reduced rates of economic growth coupled with high rates of inflation) have been exacerbated by 
Russia’s invasion of Ukraine. Any of the above factors may have a material adverse effect on the 
Norwegian economy, the DNB Group’s customers and the DNB Group’s business, financial condition 
and results of operations. 
At present, it is difficult to ascertain how long the conflict between Russia and Ukraine may last, 
or how severe its impacts may become. If the conflict is prolonged, escalates or expands (including if 
additional countries become involved), or if additional economic sanctions or other measures are 
imposed, or if volatility in commodity prices or disruptions to supply chains worsen, regional and global 
macroeconomic conditions and financial markets could be impacted more severely, which in turn could 
have a more severe effect on the Norwegian economy, the DNB Group’s customers and the DNB 
Group’s business, financial condition and results of operations. 
Deteriorating trade relations or other geopolitical events, such as the conflict between Israel 
and Hamas, could result in volatility in oil prices and, in turn, negatively impact the global economy.

--- Page 23 ---
0081160-0000146 UKO2: 2008138142.9 
23 
 
This conflict, which began in October 2023, is ongoing and may spread further into the region which 
could affect trade flows via the Suez Canal, which account for 10-15 per cent. of global trade flows, as 
well as energy prices generally. 
In turn, sluggish global growth and declining world trade could have a dampening impact on 
Norwegian export industries and the Norwegian shipping industry. 
As a result of the various global macroeconomic trends, such as recession or reduced rates of 
growth, the DNB Group may experience reductions in business activity, increased funding costs, 
decreased liquidity, decreased access to the wholesale funding markets, decreased asset values, 
additional credit impairment losses and lower profitability and revenues, which could have a material 
adverse effect on the DNB Group’s business, financial condition and results of operations. 
The consequences of the outbreak of COVID-19 (and possibly other contagious diseases) have 
had, and may continue to have, an adverse impact on the DNB Group, including the Issuer 
The outbreak of a novel strain of coronavirus, COVID-19, had a significant adverse impact on 
global macroeconomic conditions, financial and commodities markets and the economic environments 
in which the DNB Group operates, including in Norway, throughout 2020, 2021 and parts of early 2022. 
Global GDP contracted in 2020 in response to the economic slowdown caused by the spread of COVID-
19. If the COVID-19 pandemic worsens again, or there are further significant outbreaks of the pandemic, 
or other diseases emerge that give rise to similar effects, this could have a further adverse impact on 
the global economy, the Norwegian economy and/or the DNB Group's business, results of operations 
and/or prospects. Impacts to the DNB Group could include: (i) volatility in the financial markets in which 
it operates (which has, in the past, had adverse effects on consumer confidence and consumption 
levels, both in industrial and retail segments in the countries in which the DNB Group operates); (ii) 
volatility in oil and gas prices; (iii) impacts to the operations of the DNB Group's counterparties, who 
may as a result default on their obligations due to the DNB Group (such as repayments); and (iv) 
impacts to the DNB Group's ability to conduct its business. As a result of the foregoing factors, further 
outbreaks and/or mutations of the COVID-19 virus and/or outbreaks of any other contagious diseases, 
including consequences of government actions intended to counter the effects of such outbreaks, may 
have a material adverse effect on the Issuer and the DNB Group's business, loan portfolio, financial 
condition (including capital and liquidity), results of operations and prospects.  
The DNB Group’s and the Issuer’s customers are affected by developments in trading partner 
nations  
Although Norway is not a member of the EU, economic developments within the EU significantly 
affect Norway and the DNB Group as the EU is one of Norway's principal trading partners and Norway 
is a member of the broader EEA. Economic conditions in the EU have been materially adversely 
affected by the COVID-19 pandemic during 2020 and 2021 and may be adversely affected by the 
macroeconomic consequences from the Russian invasion of Ukraine and related economic sanctions. 
In addition, EU member states and public finances in Europe face many challenges, including those 
related to demographic and political trends. Economic conditions in the EU are further subject to the 
risks of slowdown and volatility as a result of the UK’s exit from EU, and uncertainty as to whether and 
to what extent this exit may also negatively impact the European markets. On 8 July 2021, the EFTA 
countries (Norway, Iceland and Liechtenstein) entered into a new free trade agreement with the UK. 
The free trade agreement covers trade in goods, services and investment, digital trade, capital 
movements, government procurement, intellectual property, competition subsidies, small and medium-
sized enterprises, good regulatory practices and regulatory cooperation, recognition of professional 
qualifications, trade and sustainable developments.  
Adverse economic developments have affected the DNB Group's business in a number of 
ways, and such developments may continue to affect, among other things, the income, wealth, liquidity,

--- Page 24 ---
0081160-0000146 UKO2: 2008138142.9 
24 
 
businesses and/or financial condition of the DNB Group's customers, which, in turn, could reduce the 
credit quality of the DNB Group's loan (including mortgage loan) portfolio and demand for the DNB 
Group's financial products and services. 
B. 
Risks Relating to the Issuer’s business and the Issuer’s portfolio  
The Issuer and the DNB Group face competition in the Norwegian residential mortgage market 
The Issuer and the DNB Group face intense competition in the residential mortgage market in 
Norway, primarily from financial institutions based in Norway and the Nordic region. Competition for 
customer lending and deposits is affected by customer demand, technological changes, the impact of 
consolidation in the banking industry, regulatory actions and other factors. The Issuer and the DNB 
Group may face pricing pressure in certain areas of their operations in the future as competitors seek 
to increase market share by reducing prices or offering new services at low prices. The Norwegian 
banking market in particular has witnessed intensifying competition, which has resulted in narrower 
lending spreads and could make it more difficult for the Issuer to originate new residential Mortgage 
Loans (as defined below) that meet the eligibility criteria under the Norwegian covered bond legislation.  
Further, the DNB Group’s competitors are principally commercial banks, saving banks and 
investment banks. The recurrence of a financial crisis could introduce additional competitive challenges, 
as during such crises many national governments seek to provide support in a variety of forms to banks 
organised in their jurisdictions. Depending on the level of government support and the financial strength 
of the banks in question, this support could strengthen the competitive position of these banks and 
intensify the competition faced by the DNB Group, including the Issuer. Competition has further 
increased with the emergence of additional distribution channels such as internet and mobile telephone 
banking, digital banking and payment platforms. 
In addition, the conflict between Russia and Ukraine have resulted in substantial fluctuations in 
the global markets. High levels of uncertainty have coincided with lower or negative growth and tighter 
financial conditions. If the DNB Group, including the Issuer, is unable to provide a competitive product 
and service offerings and successfully respond to technological developments, it may fail to attract new 
customers and/or retain existing customers, experience decreases in its interest income and fee and 
commission income, and/or lose market share, the occurrence of any of which could have a material 
adverse effect on its business, financial condition and results of operations. Although the DNB Group 
believes that it is in a strong position to continue to compete in the markets in which it operates, there 
can be no assurance that it will be able to continue to do so. 
There can be no assurance that existing or increased competition in the Norwegian banking 
sector will not adversely affect the Issuer’s results of operations, financial condition and business 
prospects and its ability to perform its obligations under the Covered Bonds. 
Credit risk relating to the Issuer’s collateral under Mortgage Loans in the Issuer Cover Pool and the 
Issuer’s derivative agreements 
The following mortgage products (collectively, the “Mortgage Loans”) are offered by the Issuer: 
(i) Floating Interest Rate Home Equity Credit Line (rammekreditt); (ii) Floating Interest Rate Mortgage 
Loans; and (iii) Fixed Interest Rate Mortgage Loans that are subject to a fixed interest rate for a specified 
period of time (three, five or ten years). 
There are many circumstances that affect the level of credit risk under the Mortgage Loans, 
including early repayments, withdrawals and final payments of interest and principal amounts, changes 
in economic conditions, both domestically and internationally, changes regarding taxation, interest rate 
developments, inflation and political changes. Borrowers may default as a result of interest rate

--- Page 25 ---
0081160-0000146 UKO2: 2008138142.9 
25 
 
increases or as a result of in changes in their own personal circumstances (e.g. following redundancy 
or divorce). 
If the real property comprising the collateral is foreclosed upon, and the defaulting borrower 
does not respond to a notice to pay within two weeks, a court order may be needed to establish the 
borrower’s obligation to pay and to force an auction or public sale of the foreclosed property. The 
Issuer’s ability to liquidate the collateral is thus dependent upon receipt of a court order, on the success 
of the auction or public sale process, on other relevant circumstances in the mortgage market and on 
prevailing levels of demand for the relevant real property. Usually, prices obtained after foreclosure are 
lower compared with prices obtained upon a voluntary sale. 
Credit risk also arises under the Issuer’s derivative agreements to the extent they have a 
positive fair value on the balance sheet. Because all derivative agreements (both those with a current 
positive fair value and current negative fair value) are entered into with the Bank, the Issuer is therefore 
exposed to the credit risk of the Bank under its derivative agreements. 
Default in respect of the Mortgage Loans or derivative financial instruments that comprise the 
Issuer Cover Pool could jeopardise the Issuer’s ability to make payments in full or on a timely basis on 
the Covered Bonds. If a material amount of assets in the Issuer Cover Pool were to default, there is no 
guarantee that the required level of assets within the Issuer Cover Pool could be maintained or that the 
Issuer would be able to substitute non-defaulting assets for the defaulting assets. Any such failure could 
adversely affect the Issuer’s results of operations, financial condition and business prospects and its 
ability to perform its obligations under the Covered Bonds. 
Market risk 
The Issuer is exposed to market risk related to its assets and liabilities and its hedging strategy 
(pursuant to which it swaps covered bonds denominated in foreign currencies to NOK and to fixed rate 
to floating rate short-term interest). 
Though the Issuer seeks to address currency and interest rate risk through swap agreements 
with the Bank, it may be exposed to currency risk and greater interest rate risk if for any reason the 
Bank no longer continues to perform the function of swap provider. See “Risks related to the obligations 
of the Bank as Servicer, swap provider, liquidity provider and lender” and “Risks related to Hedging 
Arrangements – Reliance on currency swaps” and “– Reliance on interest rate swaps”. 
Furthermore, the Issuer is exposed to basis risk, i.e. the risk, arising from the Issuer's hedging 
relationships with the Bank, that the change in price/value of the hedging  instrument may not entirely 
match the change in price/value of the item being hedged, due to the fact that the instrument has 
different duration, liquidity risk, yield curve, etc. This imperfect correlation between the hedging 
instrument and the hedging object creates fluctuations in the Issuer's comprehensive income, which 
could have a material impact on the Issuer's results of operations. 
Liquidity risks 
The Mortgage Loans which constitute the primary assets of the Issuer Cover Pool are to a large 
extent made on longer contractual terms than the Issuer’s borrowing. Therefore, the Issuer is 
dependent on the ability to refinance its borrowings upon maturity and draw from the Overdraft Facility 
in place with the Bank. If the average maturity of the Mortgage Loans in the Issuer Cover Pool were to 
increase significantly beyond the historical average, or if the Bank fails to perform its obligations as 
liquidity provider under the Overdraft Facility for any reason, or the Overdraft Facility becomes fully 
drawn or no longer in place, the Issuer may encounter difficulties in meeting its payment obligations as 
they fall due. See “Risks relating to the obligations of the Bank as Servicer, swap provider, liquidity 
provider and lender”.

--- Page 26 ---
0081160-0000146 UKO2: 2008138142.9 
26 
 
During the past several years, including during the COVID-19 pandemic, the war between 
Russia and Ukraine and the turbulence in financial markets in first quarter of 2023, turmoil and 
uncertainty in the financial markets have at times made it more expensive for certain borrowers to obtain 
funding or made funding inaccessible for periods of time. Depending on overall market conditions, there 
is a risk that the Issuer will either be unable to refinance its borrowings as they fall due, or that it will be 
required to do so at a cost significantly higher than originally anticipated. This could adversely impact 
the Issuer’s results of operations, financial condition and ability to perform its obligations under the 
Covered Bonds. 
Risks relating to the obligations of the Bank as Servicer, swap provider, liquidity provider and lender 
The Issuer relies on the Bank to service all of the Mortgage Loans in the Issuer Cover Pool on 
behalf of the Issuer in accordance with the Service Agreement. If in the future the Bank is unable to 
perform its obligations as Servicer for any reason, the appointment of a new servicer would be required. 
However, if such appointment is required, the transfer of the servicing function could result in delays 
and/or losses in collections under the Mortgage Loans in the Issuer Cover Pool. 
The Issuer may in the future purchase mortgages from sellers other than the Bank, who may 
then service the mortgage loans they have sold to the Issuer. Though such sellers are expected to be 
members of the DNB Group and any servicing arrangements would be on terms substantially similar to 
those contained in the Service Agreement between the Issuer and the Bank and would contain a right 
on the part of the Issuer to terminate upon material breach by the servicer, the addition of a new servicer 
and in particular any breach by, or failure of, that servicer to perform its obligations could create 
operational and administrative difficulties for the Issuer and could adversely affect the Issuer’s results 
of operations, financial condition and business prospects and its ability to perform its obligations under 
the Covered Bonds. 
Additionally, the Issuer is reliant on the Bank as a swap provider under the Issuer’s derivatives 
contracts, and as the provider of an overdraft facility under the Service Agreement. See “Certain 
Provisions of Key Transaction Documents”. If the Bank is unable to perform the function of swap 
provider, liquidity provider and/or lender for any reason, it could be difficult for the Issuer to find a 
replacement swap provider, liquidity provider or lender, in particular a swap provider, liquidity provider 
or lender, that would ensure the credit ratings of the Issuer, which may result in greater risk exposure 
or losses for the Issuer, and which could adversely affect the Issuer’s results of operations, financial 
condition and business prospects and its ability to perform its obligations under the Covered Bonds. 
No due diligence on Mortgage Loans 
The Issuer has not undertaken, nor will it undertake, any investigations, searches or other 
actions in respect of the Mortgage Loans and other assets originated by the Bank contained or to be 
contained in the Issuer Cover Pool, but instead fully relies on the warranties of the Bank under the 
Master Sale Agreement and/or Service Agreement. Accordingly, there can be no assurance that 
Mortgage Loans actually in the Issuer Cover Pool at any given time complied, at the time of transfer 
into the Issuer Cover Pool, with the eligibility criteria under Norwegian covered bond legislation. 
The Issuer is exposed to changes in the rating methodologies applied by the rating agencies 
Any adverse changes to rating methodologies may materially and adversely affect the Issuer’s 
operations or financial condition, the Issuer’s willingness or ability to leave individual transactions 
outstanding and the Issuer’s reputation in the capital markets. 
Risks related to bribery, money laundering activities and sanctions violations, especially in its operations 
in emerging markets, and compliance with anti-money laundering and anti-terrorism financing rules 
involves significant cost and effort

--- Page 27 ---
0081160-0000146 UKO2: 2008138142.9 
27 
 
The DNB Group, including the Issuer, is subject to rules and regulations regarding anti-bribery, 
anti-money laundering, anti-terrorist financing and economic sanctions. In general, the risk that banks 
will be subjected to or used for bribery or money laundering has increased worldwide. High employee 
turnover, difficulties in consistently implementing related policies and technology systems and the 
general business conditions mean that the risk of money laundering and other financial crimes is higher 
in emerging markets. Although these risks are higher in emerging markets than in Norway and other 
more developed markets, they may also arise in any of the markets in which the DNB Group, including 
the Issuer, operates. Monitoring compliance with anti-money laundering and anti-terrorism financing 
rules can put a significant financial burden on the DNB Group and pose significant technical problems. 
Currently more than 500 people in the DNB Group are working to prevent financial crime but anti-money 
laundering efforts are a work in progress and the authorities’ requirements and expectations have 
become more stringent. There can be no assurance that DNB Group, including the Issuer, will at all 
times meet regulatory expectations in the implementation of its anti-money laundering policies and 
procedures and otherwise comply with relevant law and regulation.  
Any violation of anti-money laundering or anti-terrorism financing rules, or even the suggestion 
of violations, may have severe legal and reputational consequences for the DNB Group and could, as 
a result, have a material adverse effect on the DNB Group’s and the Issuer’s financial condition and 
results of operations  
The DNB Group, including the Issuer, is increasingly dependent on information technology 
systems, which may fail, may not be adequate to the tasks at hand or may no longer be available. 
Banks and their activities are increasingly dependent on highly sophisticated information and 
communication technology (“ICT”) systems, including a significant shift away from physical bank 
branches and towards greater reliance on internet websites and the development and use of new 
applications on smartphones. Internet banking is increasingly important to the DNB Group, including 
the Issuer, as its customers shift away from branch operations and toward internet banking platforms, 
including mobile banking. ICT systems are vulnerable to a number of problems, such as software or 
hardware malfunctions, interruptions in network availability, hacking, human error, physical damage to 
vital ICT centres and computer viruses. Incidents of instability of ICT systems or network unavailability 
could have an adverse effect on the DNB Group’s and the Issuer’s business. In addition, harmonising 
ICT systems across the DNB Group to create a consistent ICT architecture poses significant challenges. 
ICT systems need regular upgrading to meet the needs of changing business and regulatory 
requirements and to keep pace with possible expansion into new markets and the greater use, 
development and reliance on information and communication technology more broadly. The DNB Group 
may not be able to implement necessary upgrades on a timely basis, and upgrades may fail to function 
as planned. In addition to costs that may be incurred as a result of any failure of its ICT systems or 
technical issues associated with, as well as the general cost of, upgrading its ICT systems, the DNB 
Group could face fines from bank regulators if its ICT systems fail to enable it to comply with applicable 
banking or reporting regulations, including data protection regulations. 
The DNB Group maintains back-up systems for its operations, with one of those back-up 
systems being located in Norway outside of its premises. However, there are limited scenarios, for 
example in the event of a major catastrophe resulting in the failure of its information systems, where 
the DNB Group could lose certain recently entered data with regard to its Norwegian operations or could 
lose more significant portions of data with regard to its international operations. 
The DNB Group is reliant on its outsourcing contracts for the maintenance and operation of its 
ICT systems. Should these companies become unwilling or unable to fulfil their obligations under the 
relevant outsourcing contract, the DNB Group could find the effective functioning of its ICT systems 
compromised. In particular, the DNB Group and its customers have been, and may in the future 
become, affected by network problems, which relate to third-party suppliers, and which have affected

--- Page 28 ---
0081160-0000146 UKO2: 2008138142.9 
28 
 
and might affect in the future certain of the DNB Group’s internet banking and cash machine functions, 
resulting in service interruptions and adverse media coverage. A major disruption to the DNB Group’s 
ICT systems, whether under the scenarios outlined above or under other scenarios, could have a 
material adverse effect on the normal operation of the DNB Group’s business and thus on its financial 
condition and results of operations. 
Cybercrime 
Similar to all major financial institutions, the DNB Group’s activities have been, and are 
expected to continue to be, subject to an increasing risk of ICT crime in the form of Trojan attacks and 
denial of service attacks, the nature of which is continually evolving. Cybersecurity risks are foremost 
related to the DNB Group’s internet bank users and include potential unauthorised access to privileged 
and sensitive customer information, including internet bank credentials as well as account and credit 
card information. The DNB Group has made investments to address threats from cyber-attacks; 
however, there can be no assurance that these investments will be successful in part or in full, or without 
significant additional expenditures. The DNB Group may experience security breaches or unexpected 
disruptions to its systems and services in the future, which could in turn, result in liabilities or losses to 
the DNB Group, its customers and/or third parties and have an adverse effect on the DNB Group’s 
business, reputation and results of operations. 
C. 
Risks relating to the Issuer Cover Pool  
Non-compliance with overcollateralisation rules 
The act on financial institutions and financial groups of 10 April 2015 No 17 (the “Financial 
Institutions Act”) Section 11-11 requires the value of the assets in the Issuer Cover Pool to at all times 
exceed the value of the bonds with a preferential claim over the Issuer Cover Pool, (taking into account 
the effects of covered bond swaps).  
The regulation on financial institutions and financial groups of 9 December 2016 No 1502 
issued by the Norwegian Ministry of Finance (the  “Ministry”) under the authority conferred on it by the 
Financial Institutions Act (as amended from time to time) (the “Financial Institutions Regulation”) 
Section 11-7 states that the value of a Cover Pool shall be at least 105 per cent. of the value of the 
covered bonds which are secured by the relevant Cover Pool (overcollateralisation). 
The Issuer covenants under the Terms and Conditions of the Covered Bonds that at any time, 
the nominal par value (the “Value”) of the loans in the Issuer Cover Pool (but excluding the nominal par 
value of each loan within the Issuer Cover Pool which is in arrears for 90 days or longer as well as that 
part of any mortgage that exceeds the relevant upper limit set forth in Norwegian legislation for the loan 
to value ratios (“LTVs”) for the respective type of Collateral) will not be less than 105 per cent. of the 
outstanding principal amount of all Covered Bonds issued under the Programme and any other 
mortgage covered bonds of the Issuer in issue at the relevant time. 
Despite an increase in housing prices over the past several years, there has been a decline in 
the collateral value of a limited number of the Issuer’s loans (due to declining housing  prices for certain 
houses within specific segments of the market (e.g. the high price segment and non urban areas) or 
because the collateral securing a particular loan has degraded somewhat), with the result that the LTVs 
have in certain cases exceeded the 80 per cent. requirement which was then in effect. When calculating 
overcollateralisation according to Norwegian legal requirements, the portion of the loans exceeding the 
80 per cent. limit (for Residential Mortgages) and the 60 per cent. limit (for Other Property Mortgages) 
should not be included in the calculation. In addition, defaulted loans should not be included. 
As at 31 March 2024, the Issuer had NOK 2 billion of loans that were not eligible to be included 
in the overcollateralisation calculation. These assets represent Mortgage Loans that are included in the

--- Page 29 ---
0081160-0000146 UKO2: 2008138142.9 
29 
 
Issuer Cover Pool, but they are not eligible when calculating overcollateralisation pursuant to the 
Financial Institutions Act because they (i) represent the value in excess of 80 per cent. LTV (only loans 
within 80 per cent. LTV are eligible when calculation the overcollateralisation) or (ii) might be non-
performing. In the event of a significant decrease in housing prices, or a significant increase in non-
performing loans, the amount of Mortgage Loans not eligible when calculating the overcollateralisation 
could materially increase, thereby reducing the overcollateralisation coverage. Failure to maintain 
sufficient quality and quantity of assets in the Issuer Cover Pool could result in the Issuer being unable 
to issue further Covered Bonds or refinance existing Covered Bonds. 
Public Administration of the Issuer 
Pursuant to the provisions of the Financial Institutions Act, credit institutions (kredittforetak) 
such as the Issuer are not subject to ordinary bankruptcy proceedings but may instead be placed under 
public administration. Public administration entails that an institution’s governing bodies are replaced 
by an administrative board appointed by the NFSA which assumes control over the institution. The 
administrative board will attempt either to restructure and continue the institution's business or, in the 
absence of viable alternatives, to liquidate the institution and distribute its assets to its creditors. The 
NFSA may pass resolutions in relation to the implementation of the public administration. 
In the event of public administration of the Issuer, the Issuer expects that timely payments will 
be made on the Covered Bonds provided the Issuer Cover Pool is essentially in compliance with the 
statutory requirements. There can be no assurance, however, that such timely payments will be made. 
The administrative board may take any action considered necessary to ensure that the holders of the 
Covered Bonds and the swap providers receive timely payment on the Covered Bonds and any swaps, 
including selling assets in the Issuer Cover Pool and issuing new covered bonds and entering into new 
derivative instruments with a right of priority in respect of the assets in the Issuer Cover Pool. If the 
Issuer is unable to make the contractual payments due to Covered Bondholders and swap providers, 
the administrative board will set a date to halt payments. When a halt to payments is introduced, further 
administration of the Issuer will continue in accordance with Norwegian bankruptcy law. The 
administrative board will inform the Covered Bondholders and, if applicable, the swap providers at the 
earliest opportunity of any such halt to payments and the date on which such halt to payments will be 
introduced, and it will consult with them in relation to any material decisions in respect thereof. 
The amount of claims with a preferential right to priority over the assets in the Issuer Cover 
Pool will be calculated as at the date on which the halt to payments was introduced and as the 
discounted value of the relevant claim, including both principal and interest. 
The public administration board may, with the agreement of the relevant Swap Provider, agree 
to continue the currency swaps following the introduction of a halt to payments on the Covered Bonds 
if that would be in the best interests of the relevant parties. 
To the extent that Covered Bondholders are not fully paid from the proceeds of the liquidation 
of the assets comprising the Issuer Cover Pool, they will be able to apply for the balance of their claims 
as unsecured creditors of the Issuer and will be entitled to receive payment from the proceeds of the 
liquidation of the other assets of the Issuer not comprising the Issuer Cover Pool. The Covered 
Bondholders would in such case rank pari passu with any other covered bondholders, providers of 
covered bond swaps and the other unsecured, unsubordinated creditors of the Issuer (except to the 
extent claims of such creditors are preferred by law) and, as a result, may not receive all amounts owed 
by the Issuer to such Covered Bondholders. 
The Issuer Cover Pool consists of limited assets 
The Issuer Cover Pool consists of Mortgage Loans which are secured by interests in property, 
claims which the Issuer holds, or may acquire, against providers of Covered Bond swaps and certain

--- Page 30 ---
0081160-0000146 UKO2: 2008138142.9 
30 
 
substitute assets. All assets in the Issuer Cover Pool must comply with the terms of the Financial 
Institutions Act with appurtenant regulations. The Financial Institutions Regulation Section 11-4 
determines the maximum LTV ratio of mortgages in accordance with Article 129 of the CRR at the point 
they are included in the Issuer Cover Pool (at the date of this Base Prospectus, the value is 80 per cent. 
of the prudent market value in the case of Residential Mortgages). At the date of this Base Prospectus, 
all of the properties securing Mortgage Loans in the Issuer Cover Pool are in Norway. The value of the 
Issuer Cover Pool may therefore decline in the event of a more general downturn in the value of property 
in Norway, which usually happens concurrently with a general downturn in the economy, the latter of 
which could lead to increased impairments and thereby could adversely affect the Issuer’s results of 
operations, financial condition and business prospects and its ability to perform its obligations under the 
Covered Bonds. 
Limited description of the Issuer Cover Pool 
Covered Bondholders will receive only limited statistics and other information in relation to the 
Mortgage Loans in the Issuer Cover Pool, which will be set out in the most recent Issuer Report available 
immediately preceding the relevant issuance. See “Certain Information Regarding the Issuer Cover 
Pool”. Issuer Reports are published by the Issuer quarterly and reflect Issuer Cover Pool data 
determined at 31 March, 30 June, 30 September and 31 December in each year.  
Covered Bondholders will not receive detailed statistics or information in relation to the 
mortgages or other assets contained or to be contained in the Issuer Cover Pool, as it is expected  that 
the constitution of the Issuer Cover Pool may, subject to eligibility criteria under Norwegian covered 
bond legislation, change from time to time due to, for example, the purchase or origination of further 
mortgages by the Issuer from time to time and repayment by borrowers of mortgages. Incomplete 
statistics and/or information could, if relied upon, provide an inaccurate picture of the Issuer Cover Pool 
which in turn could adversely affect the position of the Investors. In addition, although the Issuer 
currently only maintains one Cover Pool, the Issuer may, in accordance with the relevant provisions of 
the Financial Institutions Act, maintain more than one Cover Pool in the future (which may involve a 
split or reorganisation of the existing Issuer Cover Pool) (see “Description of Certain Norwegian 
Legislation Relating to Covered Bonds - Register requirements and investor information”) and, if it does 
so, the Issuer will identify against which Issuer Cover Pool the relevant Covered Bondholders will have 
a preferential claim. 
Although an independent monitor appointed under the Financial Institutions Act will monitor the 
Issuer’s compliance with some of the requirements of the Financial Institutions Act, the report of such 
monitor is not publicly available. There is no assurance that the characteristics of the Issuer Cover Pool 
will not change after the date of the most recent quarterly investor report included or incorporated by 
reference in the Base Prospectus. Any changes in the characteristics of the Issuer Cover Pool after the 
date of the most recent quarterly investor report, could adversely affect the position of the investors. 
Borrowers under interest-only mortgages may not be able to pay the increased amounts falling due 
over the term remaining after the interest-only term 
Though borrowers under interest-only mortgages make interest payments over the entire term 
of the mortgage, they repay all principal amounts over the shorter term remaining after the end of the 
interest-only term. The interest-only term typically ends no more than five years after the mortgage is 
originated. The ability of a borrower to repay the principal amounts due over the remaining term of an 
interest-only mortgage depends on, amongst other things, the financial standing of the borrower, tax 
laws in force during the term of the mortgage and general economic conditions at the time. There can 
be no assurance that a borrower will have sufficient funds to pay the increased amounts falling due over 
the term remaining after the interest-only term. In addition, if real estate prices decrease significantly 
from the levels prevailing at the time an interest-only mortgage loan was originated, borrowers may 
have difficulty refinancing the principal balance of a mortgage loan at the end of the interest-only term.

--- Page 31 ---
0081160-0000146 UKO2: 2008138142.9 
31 
 
If for any reason a significant number of borrowers cannot pay the increased amounts due on an 
interest-only mortgage loan after the end of the interest-only term, this may have a material adverse 
effect on the Issuer’s business, financial condition and results of operations. 
Even though the DNB Group (including the Issuer) generally has not implemented payment 
holidays or forbearance measures, a certain amount of the Issuer Cover Pool is interest-only. As at 31 
March 2024, interest-only residential mortgages comprised 23.6 per cent. of the Issuer Cover Pool. 
Under the Lending Regulations, the interest-only part of a residential mortgage has to be within 60 per 
cent. of the LTV. 
Overdraft Facility 
In order to maintain its credit ratings in respect of the Covered Bonds, the Issuer draws on an 
overdraft facility from the Bank to ensure that, at the time of issue, the Covered Bonds benefit from 
structural subordination of amounts drawn under such overdraft facility, as such amounts do not rank 
as priority claims on the Issuer Cover Pool. There is no certainty that the overdraft facility from the Bank 
will continue for the life of the Covered Bonds or that the Bank will meet its obligations under such 
facility. To the extent that the overdraft facility is not maintained, or if the Bank is unable to meet its 
obligations thereunder, the amount of overcollateralisation of the Issuer Cover Pool could be reduced. 
If the amount of overcollateralisation of the Issuer Cover Pool is reduced for any of these reasons, or if 
the overcollateralisation of the Issuer Cover Pool is reduced for any other reason, this could adversely 
affect the Issuer’s results of operations, financial condition and business prospects, and its ability to 
perform its obligations under the Covered Bonds. 
Geographic concentration risks 
Certain geographic regions of Norway from time to time will experience weaker regional 
economic conditions and housing markets or be directly or indirectly affected by natural disasters or 
civil disturbances. Mortgage Loans in the Issuer Cover Pool in such areas will experience higher rates 
of loss and delinquency than Mortgage Loans in the Issuer Cover Pool generally. While the Mortgage 
Loans are not particularly geographically concentrated in areas in which the oil and gas industry is 
present (e.g. the Stavanger region), there is a concentration in the Oslo area (where the volatility in the 
housing prices historically has been highest). 
The ability of borrowers to make payments on the Mortgage Loans in the Issuer Cover Pool 
may also be affected by factors which do not necessarily affect property values, such as adverse 
economic conditions generally in particular geographic areas or industries (such as oil and gas), or 
affecting particular segments of the borrowing community (such as borrowers relying on commission 
income and self-employed borrowers). Such occurrences may accordingly affect the actual rates of 
delinquencies, foreclosures and losses with respect to the Mortgage Loans in the Issuer Cover Pool. 
The Mortgage Loans underlying certain series of Covered Bonds may be concentrated in 
certain regions. Such concentration may present the risk considerations described above in addition to 
those generally present for similar securities without such concentration. 
Appraisals 
Appraisals or valuation of the properties securing the Mortgage Loans in the Issuer Cover Pool 
take one of three forms: (1) in the case of a loan to finance (rather than refinance) the acquisition of a 
property, the transaction sale price determines the valuation for mortgage lending purposes, (2) an 
independent appraisal conducted by a licensed appraiser or a real estate agent is obtained or (3) a 
valuation from Eiendomsverdi, an automated valuation model provider which compiles information on 
nearly all residential property transactions in Norway, is used. Such an automated valuation model does 
not consider the current state or physical condition of a property, which may be worse than the condition

--- Page 32 ---
0081160-0000146 UKO2: 2008138142.9 
32 
 
assumed by such model. For the ongoing valuation of the collateral underlying the Issuer Cover Pool, 
which takes place quarterly for investor information and rating agency reporting purposes, the 
automated valuation model is used. 
In the case of those Mortgage Loans in the Issuer Cover Pool for which an appraisal conducted 
by a licensed appraiser or estate agent was used, such appraisal reflects the individual appraiser or 
estate agent’s judgment as to value, based on the market values of comparable homes sold within the 
recent past in comparable nearby locations and on the estimated replacement cost. 
No assurance can be given that values of the properties underlying the Mortgage Loans in the 
Issuer Cover Pool have remained or will remain at the levels which existed on the dates of appraisal 
(or, where applicable, on the dates of appraisal updates) of the related Mortgage Loans. See “The 
Issuer is subject to risks relating to the Norwegian mortgage market”. 
The appraisal relates both to the land and to the structure; in fact, a significant portion of the 
appraised value of a property may be attributable to the value of the land. Because of the unique 
locations and special features of certain properties, identifying comparable properties in nearby 
locations may be difficult. The appraised values of such properties will be based to a greater extent on 
adjustments made by the appraisers to the appraised values of reasonably similar properties rather 
than on objectively verifiable sales data. As a result, such appraisals could be more likely to overvalue 
certain properties and therefore overstate the value of the collateral underlying the Issuer Cover Pool. 
Consequently, there can be no assurance that, upon enforcement, all amounts owed by a 
borrower under a Mortgage Loan in the Issuer Cover Pool can be recovered from the proceeds of a 
sale of the property securing the related Mortgage Loan, or that foreclosure proceeds will be at least 
equal to the appraised value of such property. Any shortfalls on enforcement may have a material 
adverse effect on the Issuer’s results of operations, financial condition and its ability to perform its 
obligations under the Covered Bonds. 
Underwriting guidelines 
The Mortgage Loans in the Issuer Cover Pool were originated by the Issuer, the Bank or other 
entities from whom the Issuer has purchased mortgage loans, in each case pursuant to certain 
established underwriting guidelines and, in certain cases, based on exceptions to those guidelines.  
Although these guidelines have been designed to identify and appropriately assess the 
repayment risks associated with the origination of the Mortgage Loans in the Issuer Cover Pool, it 
cannot be ensured in all cases that the interest and principal payments due on a Mortgage Loan in  the 
Issuer Cover Pool will be paid or repaid when due, or at all, or whether the value of the property securing 
the relevant Mortgage Loan will be sufficient to otherwise provide for recovery of such amounts. To the 
extent exceptions were made to an originator’s underwriting guidelines in originating a Mortgage Loan, 
those exceptions may increase the risk that principal and interest amounts may not be received or 
recovered and compensating factors, if any, which may have formed the basis for making an exception 
to the underwriting guidelines, may not in fact compensate for any additional risk. 
Any increased risk that principal and interest amounts may not be received or recovered in 
respect of the Mortgage Loans in the Issuer Cover Pool could have a material adverse effect on the 
Issuer’s business, financial condition and results of operations and its ability to perform its obligations 
under the Covered Bond. 
D. 
Risks relating to Hedging Arrangements 
The Issuer may enter into currency swaps and/or interest rate swaps in order to hedge certain 
risks that exist in respect of the Issuer Cover Pool and the Covered Bonds.

--- Page 33 ---
0081160-0000146 UKO2: 2008138142.9 
33 
 
If either the Issuer or a swap provider fails to make timely payments of amounts due under  the 
Covered Bond Swaps, or certain other events occur in relation to either the Issuer or a swap provider 
and any applicable grace period expires, then a termination event will occur under the relevant swap 
agreement. If the Issuer defaults under a swap agreement due to non-payment or otherwise, the 
relevant swap provider will not be obliged to make further payments under that swap (unless the Issuer 
has satisfied in full all its payment or delivery obligations under the relevant swap agreement) and may 
terminate the swap(s) entered into under that swap agreement. If a swap agreement is terminated for 
any of these reasons, the Issuer will be exposed to changes in currency exchange rates and/or interest 
rates. Unless a replacement swap is entered into, the Issuer may have insufficient funds to perform its 
obligations under the Covered Bonds. 
In addition, under certain circumstances the Issuer may have difficulty finding a new or 
replacement swap provider, in particular a swap provider that will maintain the credit ratings of the 
Covered Bonds, which may affect the outstanding Covered Bonds negatively. See also “Risks- Relating 
to the Issuer - Risks relating to the obligations of the Bank as Servicer, swap provider, liquidity provider 
and lender”. Further, if at some point in the future the Issuer introduces deferral of payment mechanics 
into the swaps and the substitute assets available to the Issuer on a payment date are insufficient to 
make the payment ordinarily required in full under one or more Covered Bond Swaps, the payment 
obligations of both the Issuer and the swap provider on that payment date may be reduced accordingly 
and will be deferred. 
Reliance on currency swaps 
The Issuer may rely on one or more swap providers under the currency swaps to provide the 
Issuer with amounts to be used for payment on Covered Bonds denominated in currencies other than 
NOK. As at the date of this Base Prospectus, the Bank is the Currency Swap Provider under all 
Currency Swaps. If the Issuer fails to make timely payments of amounts due or certain other events 
occur in relation to the Issuer under a Currency Swap and any applicable grace period expires, then 
the Issuer will default under that Currency Swap. If the Issuer defaults under a Currency Swap due to 
non-payment or otherwise, the relevant Currency Swap provider will not be obliged to make further 
payments under that Currency Swap (unless the Issuer has satisfied in full all its payment or delivery 
obligations under the relevant Currency Swap) and may terminate that Currency Swap. If a Currency 
Swap Provider is not obliged to make payments, if it exercises any right of termination it may have 
under the relevant Currency Swap or if it defaults in its obligations to make payments under a Currency 
Swap, the Issuer will be exposed to changes in currency exchange rates and in the associated interest 
rates on the currencies, if applicable.  
Reliance on interest rate swaps 
In order to hedge the Issuer’s interest rate risks in NOK and/or other currencies, to the extent 
that these have not already been hedged by a Currency Swap, the Issuer may enter into Interest Rate 
Swaps. If the Issuer fails to make timely payments of amounts due or certain other events occur in 
relation to the Issuer under an Interest Rate Swap and any applicable grace period has expired, then 
the Issuer will have defaulted under that Interest Rate Swap. If the Issuer defaults under an Interest 
Rate Swap due to non-payment or otherwise, the relevant Interest Rate Swap provider will not be 
obliged to make further payments under that Interest Rate Swap (unless the Issuer has satisfied in full 
all its payment or delivery obligations under the relevant Interest Rate Swap) and may terminate that 
Interest Rate Swap. If an Interest Rate Swap provider is not obliged to make payments, if it exercises 
any right of termination it may have under the relevant Interest Rate Swap Agreement, or if it defaults 
in its obligations to make payments under an Interest Rate Swap, the Issuer will be exposed to changes 
in interest rates.

--- Page 34 ---
0081160-0000146 UKO2: 2008138142.9 
34 
 
Termination payments for swaps 
If any of the swap agreements are terminated as described above, the Issuer may, as a result, 
be obliged to make a termination payment to the relevant swap provider. The amount of the termination 
payment will be based on the cost of entering into replacement interest rate swaps and/or currency 
swaps, as the case may be. There can be no assurance that the Issuer will have sufficient funds 
available to make such termination payment. Any termination payment to be made by the Issuer to a 
swap provider will rank pari passu with payments due to the Covered Bondholders. 
Potential amendments to the swap agreements, replacement of the Bank as swap provider and future 
swap agreements 
The Issuer and the Bank as the existing swap provider may agree to make certain amendments 
to the existing swap agreements. Furthermore, under certain circumstances, the Issuer may find a 
replacement for the Bank as swap provider. If and when, in the context of one or more particular 
issuances of Covered Bonds, the Issuer enters into any additional swap agreement with the Bank or 
any swap agreement with a counterparty other than the Bank, the terms of the swap agreement will be 
negotiated with the relevant swap provider at that time. As a result of such negotiations, the terms of a 
swap agreement may contain terms that adversely affect the Issuer’s results of operations, financial 
condition and business prospects and its ability to perform its obligations under the Covered Bonds. 
E. 
Risks relating to the structure of a particular issue of Covered Bonds 
Covered Bonds subject to optional redemption by the Issuer 
An optional redemption feature is likely to limit the market value of Covered Bonds. During any 
period when the Issuer may elect to redeem Covered Bonds, the market value of such Covered Bonds 
generally will not rise substantially above the price at which they can be redeemed. This also may be 
true prior to any redemption period. 
The Issuer may be expected to redeem Covered Bonds when its cost of borrowing is lower 
than the interest rate on the Covered Bonds. At those times, an investor generally would not be able to 
reinvest the redemption proceeds at an effective interest rate as high as the interest rate on the Covered 
Bonds being redeemed and may only be able to do so at a significantly lower rate. Potential investors 
should consider reinvestment risk in light of other investments available at that time. 
Covered Bonds issued with variable interest rates are likely to have more volatile market values than 
more standard securities 
Covered Bonds with variable interest rates can be volatile investments. If they are structured to 
include caps or floors, or any combination of those features or other similar related features, their market 
values may be even more volatile than those for securities that do not include those features. Such 
volatility could have a material adverse effect on the value of and return on any such Covered Bonds. 
Reform and regulation of “benchmarks” may adversely affect the value of Covered Bonds linked to or 
referencing such “benchmarks” 
Benchmarks such as EURIBOR and other types of rates and indices which are deemed 
“benchmarks” (each a “Benchmark” and together, the “Benchmarks”), to which the interest on 
securities may be linked, are subject to ongoing national and international regulatory reforms. Some of 
these reforms are already effective while others are still to be implemented. These reforms and changes 
may cause a benchmark to perform differently than it has done in the past or to be discontinued. Any 
change in the performance of a benchmark or its discontinuation, could have a material adverse effect

--- Page 35 ---
0081160-0000146 UKO2: 2008138142.9 
35 
 
on any Covered Bonds referencing or linked to such benchmark, including possible adverse tax 
consequences for certain Covered Bondholders . 
The EU Benchmarks Regulation applies, subject to certain transitional provisions, to the 
provision of benchmarks, the contribution of input data to a benchmark and the use of a benchmark, 
within the EEA. Regulation (EU) No. 2016/1011 as it forms part of the domestic law of the UK by virtue 
of the EUWA (the “UK Benchmarks Regulation”) applies to the provision of benchmarks, the 
contribution of input data to a benchmark and the use of a benchmark, within the UK. The EU 
Benchmarks Regulation or the UK Benchmarks Regulation, as applicable, could have a material impact 
on any Covered Bonds linked to EURIBOR or another benchmark rate or index, in particular, if the 
methodology or other terms of the benchmark are changed in order to comply with the terms of the EU 
Benchmarks Regulation or UK Benchmarks Regulation, and such changes could (among other things) 
have the effect of reducing or increasing the rate or level, or affecting the volatility of the published rate 
or level, of the benchmark. More broadly, any of the international, national or other proposals for reform, 
or the general increased regulatory scrutiny of benchmarks, could increase the costs and risks of 
administering or otherwise participating in the setting of a benchmark and complying with any such 
regulations or requirements. Such factors may have the effect of discouraging market participants from 
continuing to administer or contribute to certain "benchmarks", trigger changes in the rules or 
methodologies used in certain "benchmarks" or lead to the discontinuance or unavailability of quotes of 
certain "benchmarks".   
The euro risk free-rate working group for the euro area has published a set of guiding principles 
and high level recommendations for fallback provisions in, among other things, new euro denominated 
cash products (including bonds) referencing EURIBOR. The guiding principles indicate, amongst other 
things, that continuing to reference EURIBOR in relevant contracts (without robust fallback provisions) 
may increase the risk to the euro area financial system. On 11 May 2021, the euro risk-free rate working 
group published its recommendations on EURIBOR fallback trigger events and fallback rates. 
 On 29 November 2017, the Bank of England and the UK Financial Conduct Authority 
announced that, from January 2018, its working group on Sterling risk-free rates has been mandated 
with implementing a broad-based transition to SONIA over the next four years across sterling bond, 
loan and derivative markets so that SONIA is established as the primary sterling interest rate benchmark 
by the end of 2021. On 4 December 2023, the working group issued its final statement, announcing 
completion of its mandate. 
 Alternative reference rates may be (or may be derived from) risk-free rates, which may perform 
very differently from the relevant predecessor LIBOR rates (which include an interbank lending margin).  
Based on the foregoing, prospective investors should in particular be aware that: 
(a) 
any of these reforms or pressures described above or any other changes to a 
relevant interest rate benchmark (including EURIBOR) could affect the level of 
the published rate, including to cause it to be lower and/or more volatile than it 
would otherwise be; 
(b) 
if EURIBOR is discontinued or is otherwise unavailable, then the rate of interest 
on the Covered Bonds will be determined for a period by the fallback provisions 
provided for under Condition 3 (Interest) of the Terms and Conditions of the 
Covered Bonds, although such provisions, being dependent in part upon the 
provision by reference banks of offered quotations for leading banks in the 
Euro-zone interbank market, may not operate as intended (depending on 
market circumstances and the availability of rates information at the relevant 
time) and may in certain circumstances result in the effective application of a

--- Page 36 ---
0081160-0000146 UKO2: 2008138142.9 
36 
 
fixed rate based on the rate which applied in the previous period when 
EURIBOR was available; and 
(c) 
if EURIBOR or any other relevant interest rate benchmark is discontinued, 
there can be no assurance that the applicable fallback provisions under the 
Swap Agreements would operate to allow the transactions under the Swap 
Agreements to effectively mitigate interest rate risk in respect of the Covered 
Bonds. 
In addition, it should be noted that broadly divergent interest rate calculation methodologies 
may develop and apply as between the Covered Bonds and/or the Swap Agreements due to applicable 
fallback provisions or other matters and the effects of this are uncertain but could include a reduction in 
the amounts available to the Issuer to meet its payment obligations in respect of the Covered Bonds. 
Moreover, any of the above matters or any other significant change to the setting or existence 
of EURIBOR or any other relevant interest rate benchmark could affect the ability of the Issuer to meet 
its obligations under the Covered Bonds and/or could have a material adverse effect on the value or 
liquidity of, and the amount payable under, the Covered Bonds. No assurance may be provided that 
relevant changes will not occur with respect to EURIBOR or any other relevant interest rate benchmark 
and/or that such benchmarks will continue to exist. Investors should consider these matters when 
making their investment decision with respect to Covered Bonds that have a floating rate of interest. 
Investors should consult their own independent advisors and make their own assessment about 
the potential risks imposed by the Benchmark Regulation reforms or possible cessation or reform of 
certain reference rates in making any investment decision with respect to any Covered Bonds linked to 
or referencing a Benchmark. 
If any Benchmark is discontinued, the rate of interest on the affected Covered Bonds will be 
changed in ways that may be adverse to holders of such Covered Bonds, without any requirement that 
the consent of such holders be obtained 
If “Benchmark Discontinuation – Independent Adviser” is specified to be applicable in the 
applicable Final Terms (or, in the case of Exempt Covered Bonds, the applicable Pricing Supplement) 
in the event that the Issuer determines that a Benchmark Event occurs in relation to an Original 
Reference Rate when any Rate of Interest (or any component part thereof) remains to be determined 
by reference to such Original Reference Rate, then the Issuer shall use its reasonable endeavours to 
appoint and consult with an Independent Adviser, as soon as reasonably practicable, with a view to the 
Issuer determining a Successor Rate, failing which an Alternative Rate. If any such Successor Rate or 
Alternative Rate is determined in such manner and the Issuer, following consultation with the 
Independent Adviser and acting in good faith, determines that amendments to the Terms and 
Conditions of the Covered Bonds and/or the Agency Agreement are necessary to ensure the proper 
operation of such Successor Rate and/or Alternative Rate, then the Issuer shall, subject to giving notice 
thereof, without any requirement for the consent or approval of Covered Bondholders, vary the Terms 
and Conditions of the Covered Bonds and/or the Agency Agreement to give effect to such amendments 
with effect from the date specified in such notice. 
If a Successor Rate or Alternative Rate is determined by the Issuer, the Terms and  Conditions 
of the Covered Bonds also provide that an Adjustment Spread may be determined by the Issuer to be 
applied to such Successor Rate or Alternative Rate, as the case may be. The aim of the Adjustment 
Spread is to reduce or eliminate, so far as is practicable, any economic prejudice or benefit (as the case 
may be) to Covered Bondholders as a result of the replacement of the relevant Original Reference Rate 
with the Successor Rate or the Alternative Rate. However, there is no guarantee that such an 
Adjustment Spread will be determined or applied, or that the application of an Adjustment Spread will 
either reduce or eliminate economic prejudice to Covered Bondholders. If no Adjustment Spread is

--- Page 37 ---
0081160-0000146 UKO2: 2008138142.9 
37 
 
determined, a Successor Rate or Alternative Rate may nonetheless be used to determine the Rate of 
Interest. 
If an Independent Adviser is not appointed or a Successor Rate, Alternative Rate or any 
Benchmark Amendment is not determined pursuant to the Terms and Conditions of the Covered Bonds, 
other fallback provisions under the Terms and Conditions of the Covered Bonds may be required to be 
used, which may in certain circumstances result in the Rate of Interest for an Interest Period continuing 
to apply at the Rate of Interest applicable to the immediately preceding Interest Period, resulting in the 
relevant Covered Bonds becoming, in effect, fixed rate securities. Even if a Successor Rate or 
Alternative Rate and associated Adjustment Spread and/or Benchmark Amendments (if any) are 
determined pursuant to the Terms and Conditions of the Covered Bonds the overall Rate of Interest 
payable on the relevant Covered Bonds may be less than it would have been had no Benchmark Event 
occurred, for example, if the Successor Rate or Alternative Rate is (unlike a term rate such as 
EURIBOR) a “risk free” rate. 
If “Benchmark Discontinuation – ARRC” is specified to be applicable in the applicable Final 
Terms (or, in the case of Exempt Covered Bonds, the applicable Pricing Supplement) for a Floating 
Rate Covered Bond, if the Issuer determines that a Benchmark Transition Event and its related 
Benchmark Replacement Date have occurred with respect to the then-current Benchmark, the 
Benchmark Replacement will replace the then-current Benchmark for all purposes relating to the 
Covered Bonds in respect of all determinations on such date and for all determinations on all 
subsequent dates. In connection with the implementation of a Benchmark Replacement, the Issuer will 
have the right to make Benchmark Replacement Conforming Changes from time to time, without any 
requirement for the consent or approval of Covered Bondholders. 
The selection of a Benchmark Replacement, and any decisions, determinations or elections 
made by the Issuer in connection with implementing a Benchmark Replacement with respect to the 
relevant Covered Bonds in accordance with the benchmark transition provisions, including with respect 
to Benchmark Replacement Conforming Changes, could adversely affect the rate of interest on such 
Covered Bonds, which could adversely affect the return on, value of and market for such Covered 
Bonds. Further, there is no assurance that the characteristics of any Benchmark Replacement will be 
similar to the Benchmark, or that any Benchmark Replacement will produce the economic equivalent of 
the Benchmark as a reference rate for interest on such Covered Bonds. 
The Terms and Conditions of the Covered Bonds, as further described in Condition 3(d) 
(Benchmark Discontinuation – ARRC), provides for a “waterfall” of alternative rates to be used to 
determine the rate of interest on the relevant Covered Bonds if a Benchmark Transition Event and 
related Benchmark Replacement Date occur. Uncertainty surrounding the establishment of market 
conventions related to the calculation of interest by reference to the Secured Overnight Financing Rate 
(“SOFR”) may adversely affect the value of and return on the relevant Covered Bonds. 
The additional alternative rates referenced in the definition of “Benchmark Replacement” in 
Condition 3(d) (Benchmark Discontinuation – ARRC) also are uncertain. In particular, the ISDA Fallback 
Rate, which is the rate referenced in the ISDA Definitions at the time of a Benchmark Transition Event 
and related Benchmark Replacement Date, may change over time. If each alternative rate referenced 
in the definition of “Benchmark Replacement” is unavailable or indeterminable, the Issuer will determine 
the Benchmark Replacement that will apply to the relevant Covered Bonds.  
Any determination, decision or election that may be made by the Issuer pursuant to Condition 
3(c) (Benchmark Discontinuation - Independent Adviser) or Condition 3(d) (Benchmark Discontinuation 
- ARRC) will become effective without consent from the Covered Bondholders. In making these 
potentially subjective determinations, the Issuer may have economic interests that are adverse to the 
interests of the Covered Bondholders, and such determinations may adversely affect the value of and 
return on the relevant Covered Bonds.

--- Page 38 ---
0081160-0000146 UKO2: 2008138142.9 
38 
 
Any of the above changes or any other consequential changes to benchmarks as a result of 
EU, UK, or other international, national, or other proposals for reform or other initiatives or 
investigations, or any further uncertainty in relation to the timing and manner of implementation of such 
changes could have a material adverse effect on the trading market for, liquidity of, value of and return 
on any such affected Covered Bonds. 
The market continues to develop in relation to risk free rates (including overnight rates) as 
reference rates for Floating Rate Covered Bonds. 
Where the applicable Final Terms or Pricing Supplement for a Series of Floating Rate Covered 
Bonds identify that the Rate of Interest for such Covered Bonds will be determined by reference to 
SONIA or SOFR, the Rate of Interest will be determined on the basis of Compounded Daily SONIA, 
Compounded Daily SOFR, or by reference to a specified index (all as further described in the Terms 
and Conditions of the Covered Bonds). Investors should be aware that the market continues to develop 
in relation to the use of SONIA and SOFR as a reference rate in the capital markets and their adoption 
as an alternative to Sterling or U.S. Dollar LIBOR. In particular, market participants and relevant working 
groups are exploring alternative reference rates based on SONIA and SOFR, including term SONIA 
and SOFR reference rates (which seek to measure the market's forward expectation of an average 
SONIA and SOFR rate over a designated term). The nascent development of SONIA and SOFR rates 
as interest reference rates for the bond markets, as well as continued development of SONIA and SOFR 
based rates for such market and the market infrastructure for adopting such rates, could result in 
reduced liquidity or increased volatility or could otherwise affect the market price of any SONIA- or 
SOFR-referenced Floating Rate Covered Bonds issued under the Programme. 
The use of Compounded Daily SONIA and SOFR as a reference rate for Covered Bonds 
continues to develop both in terms of the substance of the calculation and in the development and 
adoption of market infrastructure for the issuance and trading of bonds referencing Compounded Daily 
SONIA and SOFR. In particular, investors should be aware that several different SOFR methodologies 
have been used in SOFR linked covered bonds issued to date and no assurance can be given that any 
particular methodology, including the compounding formula in the Terms and Conditions of the Covered 
Bonds, will gain widespread market acceptance. 
The market or a significant part thereof may adopt an application of SONIA or SOFR that differs 
significantly from that set out in the Terms and Conditions as applicable to the Covered Bonds. 
Furthermore, the Issuer may in the future issue Covered Bonds referencing SONIA or SOFR that differ 
materially in terms of interest determination when compared with the Covered Bonds. In addition, the 
manner of adoption or application of SONIA or SOFR reference rates in the Eurobond markets may 
differ materially compared with the application and adoption of SONIA or SOFR in other markets, such 
as the derivatives or SOFR and loan markets. Covered Bondholders should carefully consider how 
any mismatch between the adoption of SONIA reference rates across these markets may impact any 
hedging or other financial arrangements which they may put in place in connection with any acquisition, 
holding or disposal of Covered Bonds referencing SONIA or SOFR. 
Overnight rates differ from inter-bank offered rates (IBORs) in a number of material respects and have 
a limited history. 
Overnight rates differ from IBORs in a number of material respects, including that overnight 
rates are backwards-looking, compounded, risk-free overnight rates, whereas IBORs are expressed on 
the basis of a forward-looking term and include a risk-element based on inter-bank lending. As such, 
investors should be aware that EURIBOR and SONIA or SOFR may behave materially differently as 
interest reference rates for the Covered Bonds. Furthermore, SOFR is a secured rate that represents 
overnight secured funding transactions, and therefore will perform differently over time to LIBOR, which 
was an unsecured rate. For example, since publication of SOFR began on 3 April 2018, daily changes

--- Page 39 ---
0081160-0000146 UKO2: 2008138142.9 
39 
 
in SOFR have, on occasion, been more volatile than daily changes in comparable benchmarks or other 
market rates. 
Publication of SONIA and SOFR began in April 2018 and they therefore have a limited history. 
The future performance of SONIA and SOFR may therefore be difficult to predict based on the limited 
historical performance. The level of SONIA and SOFR during the term of the Covered Bonds may bear 
little or no relation to the historical level of SONIA or SOFR. Prior observed patterns, if any, in the 
behaviour of market variables and their relation to SONIA and SOFR such as correlations, may change 
in the future. 
Furthermore, the Rate of Interest is only capable of being determined at the end of the relevant 
Reference Period or Interest Period (as applicable) and immediately prior to the relevant Interest 
Payment Date. It may be difficult for Covered Bondholders to estimate reliably the amount of interest 
which will be payable on the Covered Bonds, and some investors may be unable or unwilling to trade 
such Covered Bonds without changes to their IT systems, both of which factors could adversely impact 
the liquidity of the Covered Bonds and consequently the value of the Covered Bonds. 
The administrator of SONIA or SOFR may make changes that could change the value of SONIA or 
SOFR or discontinue SONIA or SOFR. 
The Bank of England or The New York Federal Reserve (or a successor), as administrators of 
SONIA or SOFR, respectively, may make methodological or other changes that could change the value 
of SONIA or SOFR, including changes related to the method by which SONIA or SOFR is calculated, 
eligibility criteria applicable to the transactions used to calculate SONIA or SOFR, or timing related to 
the publication of SONIA or SOFR. In addition, the administrator may alter, discontinue or suspend 
calculation or dissemination of SONIA or SOFR (in which case a fallback method of determining the 
interest rate on the Covered Bonds will apply). The administrator has no obligation to consider the 
interests of Covered Bondholders when calculating, adjusting, converting, revising or discontinuing 
SONIA or SOFR. 
If the Covered Bonds include a feature to convert the interest basis from a fixed rate to a floating rate, 
or vice versa, this may affect the secondary market and the market value of the Covered Bonds 
concerned 
Fixed/Floating Rate Covered Bonds bear interest at a rate that converts from a fixed rate to a 
floating rate, or from a floating rate to a fixed rate. Such a feature to convert the interest basis, and any 
conversion of this interest basis, may affect the secondary market in, and the market value of, such 
Covered Bonds as the change of interest basis may result in a lower interest return for Covered 
Bondholder. Where the Covered Bonds convert from a fixed rate to a floating rate, the spread on the 
Fixed/Floating Rate Covered Bonds may be less favourable than then prevailing spreads on 
comparable Floating Rate Covered Bonds tied to the same reference rate. In addition, the new floating 
rate at any time may be lower than the rates on other Covered Bonds. Where the Covered Bonds 
convert from a floating rate to a fixed rate, the fixed rate may be lower than then prevailing rates on 
other fixed rate Covered Bonds of the Issuer at the time and could affect the market value of an 
investment in the relevant Covered Bonds.  
Covered Bonds issued at a substantial discount or premium may experience price volatility in response 
to changes in market interest rates 
The market values of securities issued at a substantial discount or premium to their nominal 
amount tend to fluctuate more in relation to general changes in interest rates than do prices for 
conventional interest-bearing securities. Generally, the longer the remaining term of the securities, the 
greater the price volatility as compared to conventional interest-bearing securities with comparable

--- Page 40 ---
0081160-0000146 UKO2: 2008138142.9 
40 
 
maturities. Such volatility could have a material adverse effect on the value of and return on any such 
Covered Bonds. 
Extendable obligations under the Covered Bonds 
The applicable Final Terms (or Pricing Supplement in the case of Exempt Covered Bonds) may 
also provide that Statutory Extended Maturity shall apply to a Series of Covered Bonds. 
If the Issuer has both (i) received approval from the NFSA to extend the maturity of the relevant 
Covered Bonds by 12 months and (ii) failed to redeem the relevant Covered Bonds in full on the Maturity 
Date, the maturity of the principal amount outstanding of the Covered Bonds not redeemed will be 
automatically extended until the Statutory Extended Maturity Date, subject as otherwise provided for in 
the applicable Final Terms or, as the case may be, the applicable Pricing Supplement. NFSA approval 
to such extension is dependent on certain criteria being met (see further “Description of Certain 
Norwegian Legislation Relating to Covered Bonds - Extension of Maturity”).  
In the event of any such extension of the maturity, the Issuer may redeem all or part of the 
principal amount outstanding of the Covered Bonds on any Interest Payment Date falling after the 
Maturity Date, up to and including the Statutory Extended Maturity Date or as otherwise provided for in 
the applicable Final Terms or, as the case may be, the applicable Pricing Supplement. In that event 
also, the Covered Bonds will bear interest on the principal amount outstanding of the Covered Bonds 
in accordance with the applicable Final Terms or, as the case may be, the applicable Pricing 
Supplement, save in respect of Zero Coupon Covered Bonds. 
The extension of the maturity of the principal amount outstanding of the Covered Bonds from 
the Maturity Date to the Statutory Extended Maturity Date will not result in any right of the Covered 
Bondholders to accelerate payments or take action against the Issuer, and no payment will be payable 
to the Covered Bondholders in that event other than as set out in the “Terms and Conditions of the 
Covered Bonds” as completed by the applicable Final Terms, or as the case may be, the applicable 
Pricing Supplement. As a result of any such extension of the maturity of the principal amount 
outstanding of the Covered Bonds from the Maturity Date to the Statutory Extended Maturity Date, the 
relevant investors may receive their principal back later than expected. 
In respect of any Covered Bonds issued with a specific use of proceeds, such as a "Green Bond", there 
can be no assurance that such use of proceeds will be suitable for the investment criteria of an investor.  
There can be no assurance that Green Covered Bonds will satisfy any investor requirements 
or expectations  
The applicable Final Terms or, as the case may be, the applicable Pricing Supplement relating 
to any specific Tranche of Covered Bonds may provide that it will be the Issuer's intention to apply an 
amount equal to the net proceeds from an offer of those Covered Bonds specifically to advance loans 
to the Issuer's customers on a targeted basis for the purpose of the financing and/or refinancing by such 
customers of assets, projects and activities that promote climate-friendly and other environmental 
purpose ("Green Projects" and Covered Bonds issued thereunder to be "Green Covered Bonds"), in 
line with the DNB Green Finance Framework, which is intended substantially to adhere to the Green 
Bond Principles as published by the International Capital Market Association (ICMA) (the "Principles"). 
Prospective investors should have regard to the information in this Base Prospectus and/or the 
applicable Final Terms or, as the case may be, the applicable Pricing Supplement regarding such use 
of proceeds and must determine for themselves the relevance of such information for the purpose of 
any investment in such Green Covered Bonds together with any other investigation such investor 
deems necessary. None of the Issuer, the Arranger and the Dealers makes any assurance or 
representation as to whether any Green Projects will satisfy, whether in whole or in part, any present or 
future investor expectations or requirements as regards any investment criteria or guidelines with which

--- Page 41 ---
0081160-0000146 UKO2: 2008138142.9 
41 
 
such investor or its investments are required to comply, whether by any present or future applicable law 
or regulations or by its own by-laws or other governing rules or investment portfolio mandates (in 
particular with regard to any direct or indirect environmental, sustainability or social impact of any 
projects or uses, or the subject of or related to, the relevant Green Projects).   
There can be no formal or consensus definition of a ‘green' (or similar) security  
There is currently no clearly defined definition (legal, regulatory or otherwise) of, nor market 
consensus as to what constitutes, a "green" or "sustainable" or an equivalently-labelled project or as to 
what precise attributes are required for a particular project to be defined as "green" or "sustainable" or 
such other equivalent label nor can any assurance be given that such a clear definition or consensus 
will develop over time. In addition, the DNB Green Finance Framework is subject to change in all 
respects at any time without notice. Accordingly, no assurance is or can be given to investors that any 
projects or uses that are the subject of, or related to, any Green Projects will meet any or all investor 
expectations regarding such "green“, "sustainable" or other equivalently-labelled performance 
objectives (including Regulation (EU) 2020/852 on the establishment of a framework to facilitate 
sustainable investment (the so called EU Taxonomy)) or that any adverse environmental, social and/or 
other impacts will not occur during the implementation of any projects or uses the subject of, or related 
to, any Green Projects.  
Any Green Covered Bonds issued under the Programme will not be compliant with the EuGB 
Regulation and will not qualify as "European Green Bonds". Any Green Covered Bonds issued under 
the Programme will only comply with the criteria and processes set out in the DNB Green Finance 
Framework. Covered Bonds issued as Green Covered Bonds under the Programme may not at any 
time be eligible for the Issuer to be entitled to use the designation of "European green bond" or "EuGB"  
On 6 July 2021, the European Commission proposed a regulation on a voluntary European 
Green Bond Standard (the "EU Green Bond Standard"). The standard will use the definitions of green 
economic activities in the so called EU Taxonomy to define what is considered a green investment. On 
1 March 2023, it was published that a preliminary political agreement had been reached on the final 
provisions for the regulation, which introduces a voluntary standard. To this extent, Regulation (EU) 
2023/2631 of the European Parliament and of the Council of 22 November 2023 on European Green 
Bonds and optional disclosures for bonds marketed as environmentally sustainable and for 
sustainability-linked bonds (the "EuGB Regulation") introduces the "European Green Bond Standard" 
or ("EuGBS") as a designation which can be used on a voluntary basis by bond issuers using definitions 
of green economic activities in the EU Taxonomy to define what is considered a green investment. The 
EuGB Regulation was published on 22 November 2023 and will apply from 21 December 2024 
There can be no assurance of suitability or reliability of any second party opinion  
None of the Issuer, the Arranger and the Dealers makes any assurance or representation as to 
the suitability or reliability for any purpose whatsoever of any opinion or certification of any third party 
(whether or not solicited by the Issuer) which may or may not be made available in connection with the 
issue of any Covered Bonds, the DNB Green Finance Framework generally, or any Green Projects to 
fulfil any environmental, sustainability, social and/or other criteria. Any such opinion or certification is 
not, nor shall be deemed to be, incorporated in and/or form part of this Base Prospectus. Any such 
opinion or certification is not, nor should be deemed to be, a recommendation by the Issuer, the 
Arranger, the Dealers or any other person to buy, sell or hold any such Green Covered Bonds. Any 
such opinion or certification is only current as of the date that opinion was initially issued. Prospective 
investors must determine for themselves the relevance of any such opinion or certification and/or the 
information contained therein and/or the provider of such opinion or certification for the purpose of any 
investment in such Green Covered Bonds. Currently, the providers of such opinions and certifications 
are not subject to any specific regulatory or other regime or oversight.

--- Page 42 ---
0081160-0000146 UKO2: 2008138142.9 
42 
 
The Covered Bondholders will have no recourse against the Issuer, the Arranger or any of the 
Dealers or the provider of any such opinion or certification for the contents of any such opinion or 
certification. A withdrawal of any such opinion or certification may affect the value of any Green Covered 
Bonds, may result in the delisting of such Green Covered Bonds from any dedicated "green“, 
"environmental“, "sustainable" or other equivalently labelled segment of any stock exchange or 
securities market and/or may have consequences for certain investors with portfolio mandates to invest 
in green, social, sustainable or other equivalently-labelled assets.  
There can be no assurance that Green Covered Bonds will be admitted to trading on any 
dedicated sustainable (or similar) segment of any stock exchange or market, that any admission 
obtained will be maintained or that admission of Green Covered Bonds to any such segment will indicate 
that any particular objectives or investment criteria of any investor will be met  
In the event that any such Green Covered Bonds are listed or admitted to trading on any 
dedicated "green", "environmental“, "sustainable" or other equivalently-labelled segment of any stock 
exchange or securities market (whether or not regulated), no representation or assurance is given by 
the Issuer, the Arranger, the Dealers or any other person that such listing or admission satisfies, whether 
in whole or in part, any present or future investor expectations or requirements as regards any 
investment criteria or guidelines with which such investor or its investments are required to comply, 
whether by any present or future applicable law or regulations or by its own by-laws or other governing 
rules or investment portfolio mandates, in particular with regard to any direct or indirect environmental, 
sustainability or social impact of any projects or uses, the subject of or related to, any Green Projects. 
Furthermore, the criteria for any such listings or admission to trading may vary from one stock exchange 
or securities market to another. Nor is any representation or assurance given or made by the Issuer, 
the Arranger, the Dealers or any other person that any such listing or admission to trading will be 
obtained in respect of any such Green Covered Bonds or, if obtained, that any such listing or admission 
to trading will be maintained during the life of the Green Covered Bonds. The criteria for acceptance 
onto any such market may change from time to time. In the event of any actual or anticipated removal 
of the Covered Bonds from any such market, or if access to any such market is sought and refused, 
that could have a material adverse effect on the market price of any Green Covered Bonds.  
There can be no assurance that Green Projects will be completed or meet their objectives  
While it is the intention of the Issuer to apply an amount equal to the proceeds of any Green 
Covered Bonds in, or substantially in, the manner described in this Base Prospectus and/or the 
applicable Final Terms or, as the case may be, the applicable Pricing Supplement, there can be no 
assurance that the relevant project(s) or use(s) that are the subject of, or related to, any Green Projects 
will be capable of being implemented in or substantially in such manner and/or in accordance with any 
timing schedule and that accordingly such proceeds (or amounts equal thereto) will be totally disbursed 
for the specified Green Projects. Nor can there be any assurance that such Green Projects will be 
completed within any specified period or at all or with the results or outcome (whether or not related to 
the environment) as originally expected or anticipated by the Issuer.  
Accordingly, no assurance is or can be given by the Issuer, the Arranger or the Dealers to 
investors in Green Covered Bonds that any projects or uses the subject of, or related to, any Green 
Projects will meet any or all investor expectations regarding such "green“, "environmental“, 
"sustainable" or other equivalently-labelled performance objectives or that any adverse environmental, 
green, social and/or other impacts will not occur during the implementation of any projects or uses the 
subject of, or related to, any Green Projects.  
There is no obligation on the Arranger or Dealers to verify Green Projects or monitor the use of 
proceeds of Green Covered Bonds and Covered Bondholders shall have no recourse to them

--- Page 43 ---
0081160-0000146 UKO2: 2008138142.9 
43 
 
None of the Arranger and the Dealers is responsible for (i) any assessment of any eligibility 
criteria relating to Green Covered Bonds, (ii) any verification of whether the relevant advance of loans 
by the Issuer or the Green Projects will satisfy the relevant eligibility criteria, (iii) the monitoring of the 
use of proceeds (or amounts equal thereto) in connection with the issue of any Green Covered Bonds, 
(iv) the allocation of the proceeds by the Issuer to particular Green Projects, (v) any assessment of the 
Green Projects criteria or (vi) the contents of any Green Covered Bonds framework developed by the 
Issuer or any second party opinion or certificate thereon, and no investor in any Covered Bonds will 
have any recourse to the Arranger or the Dealers in connection therewith. There are no rights and/or 
events of default applicable to the Green Covered Bonds in the event that proceeds are not applied in 
line with the Green Finance Framework.   
There is no obligation or assurance that an amount equal to the proceeds of issue of Green 
Covered Bonds will be applied for the purposes of financing or refinancing Green Projects, and any 
failure in application of such proceeds (or equal amounts) will not constitute a default or otherwise 
enable Covered Bondholders to take any enforcement action against the Issuer  
The proceeds from Green Covered Bonds will be managed by the Issuer in a portfolio approach. 
While it is the intention of the Issuer to apply an amount equal to the net proceeds of any Green Covered 
Bonds for financing and/or refinancing Green Projects, the Issuer will be under no contractual obligation 
to do so (including that the Terms and Conditions of Green Covered Bonds will not contain any such 
requirement on, or covenant by, the Issuer nor any event of default should the Issuer fail to apply the 
proceeds or amounts equal thereto for such purpose). Unallocated net proceeds from Green Covered 
Bonds will be held in the Issuer’s treasury liquidity portfolio, in cash or other short term liquid 
instruments, at the Issuer’s own discretion and as set out in the Green Finance Framework. Any such 
event or failure will not prejudice the prudential treatment of any Covered Bonds or constitute an event 
of default under the Green Covered Bonds or otherwise trigger any other consequences under the 
terms and conditions of the Green Covered Bonds. 
Covered Bondholders have no recourse to the Issuer, and the Issuer shall not have any 
obligations, in the event that the proceeds of issue of Green Covered Bonds or amounts equal thereto 
are not applied on the basis described herein  
Any such event or failure by the Issuer to apply an amount equal to the proceeds of any issue 
of Green Covered Bonds to finance and/or refinance any Green Projects, and/or any failure by any such 
customer to apply those funds to Green Projects as aforesaid, and/or withdrawal of any opinion or 
certification in connection with any Green Covered Bonds, or any opinion or certification attesting that 
the Issuer or any of its customers is not complying in whole or in part with any matters for which such 
opinion or certification is opining or certifying on and/or any Green Covered Bonds no longer being 
listed or admitted to trading on any stock exchange or securities market or any particular segment 
thereof as aforesaid and/or any failure by the Issuer to provide or publish any reporting or any impact 
assessment on the use of proceeds (or amounts equal thereto) from any issue of Green Covered Bonds 
will not: 
i) 
constitute an event of default under the relevant Green Covered Bonds or a breach or 
violation of any term thereof, or constitute a default by the Issuer for any other purpose, 
or permit any Covered Bondholder to accelerate the Green Covered Bonds or take any 
other enforcement action against the Issuer;   
ii) 
create any right or obligation for the Issuer to redeem the relevant Green Covered 
Bonds;   
iii) 
create an option for the Covered Bondholders to redeem the relevant Green Covered 
Bonds;

--- Page 44 ---
0081160-0000146 UKO2: 2008138142.9 
44 
 
iv) 
result in any step-up or increased payments of interest, principal or any other amounts 
in respect of any Green Covered Bonds, create any other incentive to redeem the 
relevant Green Covered Bonds, or otherwise affect the Terms and Conditions of any 
Green Covered Bonds;  
v) 
otherwise affect or impede the ability of the Issuer to apply the proceeds of such Green 
Covered Bonds to cover losses in any part of the DNB Group; or  
vi) 
give rise to any claim of a Covered Bondholder against the Issuer, the Arranger and/or 
any Dealer.  
Any such event or failure to apply an amount equal to the proceeds of any issue of Green 
Covered Bonds for any Green Projects as aforesaid and/or withdrawal of any such opinion or 
certification or any such opinion or certification attesting that the Issuer is not complying in whole or in 
part with any matters for which such opinion or certification is opining or certifying on and/or any such 
Green Covered Bonds no longer being listed or admitted to trading on any stock exchange or securities 
market as aforesaid may have a material adverse effect on the value of such Green Covered Bonds 
and also potentially the value of any other Green Covered Bonds which are intended to finance Green 
Projects and/or result in adverse consequences for certain investors with portfolio mandates to invest 
in securities to be used for a particular purpose. Furthermore, any failure by the Issuer or the DNB 
Group to meet any sustainability targets it may be required to meet or may set itself from time to time 
shall not constitute an event of default under any Green Covered Bonds or otherwise result in any Green 
Covered Bonds being redeemed prior to their maturity date.  
No link between Green Covered Bonds and any Green Projects funded out of the proceeds of 
issue thereof   
Amounts of interest, principal or other amounts payable in respect of any Green Covered Bonds 
will not be impacted by the performance of the Green Projects funded out of the proceeds of issue (or 
amounts equal thereto) of such Green Covered Bonds or by any other Green Projects or other green, 
social or sustainable assets of the Issuer or the DNB Group.  
Further, the tenor of the amounts advanced by the Issuer for the purposes of financing or 
refinancing Green Projects may not match the maturity date of the Green Covered Bonds issued to fund 
such advances. The subsequent redemption of relevant advances by the Issuer, or the project(s) or 
use(s) the subject of, or related to, any Green Projects before the maturity date of any Green Covered 
Bonds issued to fund such advances shall not lead to the early redemption of such Green Covered 
Bonds or any other Covered Bonds nor create any obligation or incentive of the Issuer to redeem the 
Green Covered Bonds at any time or be a factor in the Issuer’s determination as to whether or not to 
exercise any early redemption rights it may have from time to time.  
Material adverse impact on trading and/or market price  
If any of the risks outlined in this risk factor materialise, this may have a material adverse effect 
on the value of such Green Covered Bonds and also potentially the value of any other Covered Bonds 
and/or result in adverse consequences for certain investors with portfolio mandates to invest in 
securities to be used for a particular purpose (including, without limitation, if such investors are required 
to dispose of their Green Covered Bonds as a result of such Covered Bonds not meeting any investment 
criteria or objectives set by or for such investor, which could lead to increased volatility and/or material 
decreases in the market price of Green Covered Bonds). 
F. 
Risks relating to the Legal and Regulatory Environments in which the Issuer operates  
The Issuer is subject to extensive regulation that is subject to change

--- Page 45 ---
0081160-0000146 UKO2: 2008138142.9 
45 
 
The Issuer’s business operations are governed by law and regulations in Norway and are 
subject to supervision by the NFSA. Changes in law, regulation or the practices, policies and guidelines 
of the NFSA could materially affect the Issuer’s business or the value of its assets, which may have a 
particular strong effect due to the Issuer’s position in Norway as the largest provider of mortgage loans 
in the Norwegian retail market. 
Further, rules implemented in the EU do not have direct effect in Norway. EU Directives and 
Regulations are implemented if within the scope of the EEA Agreement, and if the relevant rules are 
not subject to veto by the Norwegian government. The NFSA also takes a conservative approach when 
relevant EU rules are to be implemented in Norwegian law, often opting for the strictest option if there 
is room for national discretion. This might lead to stricter future changes in Norway compared with 
countries within the EU. 
Changes in the supervision and regulation of financial institutions, particularly in Norway, could 
materially affect the DNB Group’s and the Issuer’s business, the products and services offered or the 
value of its assets. Areas where changes or developments in regulation and/or oversight could have an 
adverse impact include, but are not limited to (i) general changes in government and regulatory policies 
or regimes which may significantly influence investment decisions or may increase the costs of doing 
business in the Nordic markets and other European markets, and such other markets where the DNB 
Group carries out its business, (ii) changes in the capital adequacy framework and imposition of onerous 
compliance obligations, (iii) changes in competition and pricing environments, (iv) differentiation among 
financial institutions by governments with respect to the extension of guarantees of customer deposits 
and the terms attaching to such guarantees, (v) expropriation, nationalisation, confiscation of assets 
and changes in legislation relating to foreign ownership, and (vi) changes in legislation relating to the 
issuance of covered bonds or the risk weight of residential mortgages under capital adequacy 
calculations. Any such changes to the current supervision, regulation or legislation could adversely 
affect the DNB Group’s and the Issuer’s business operations and its operating results and could impair 
the Issuer’s ability to perform its obligations under the Covered Bonds. 
For a summary of the regulation of covered bond issuers in Norway, see “Certain Norwegian 
Legislation Relating to Covered Bonds”. 
Lending Regulations 
With effect from 1 January 2021, the Home Mortgage Regulations and the Consumer Loan 
Regulations, together governing lending activities in Norway, were combined in a joint Lending 
Regulation that will, unless extended or cancelled, be in effect until 31 December 2024.  
The Lending Regulation contains the following key elements:  
(i) 
An interest stress test will be applied to customers applying for a new floating rate 
mortgage. The stress test will account for an interest rate increase of three percentage 
points, with a floor of seven per cent. The interest rate stress test prior to 1 January 
2023 was for five percentage points (with no floor).  
(ii) 
Total debt of the customer shall not exceed five times their gross annual income. 
(iii) 
A maximum LTV of 85 per cent. for loans secured with residential mortgages, meaning 
that the customer needs to provide 15 per cent. equity. 
(iv) 
LTV needs to be below 60 per cent. for loans secured with residential mortgages 
without mandatory instalments (e.g. revolving loans).

--- Page 46 ---
0081160-0000146 UKO2: 2008138142.9 
46 
 
(v) 
Mortgage loans having an LTV of more than 60 per cent. require at least 2.5 per cent 
annual amortization. 
(vi) 
Specific requirements for loans with security in assets other than houses (for example, 
car and boat loans. 
(vii)  
The regulation is only applicable to consumers. 
(viii) 
Financial institutions may deviate from certain requirements based on specific 
thresholds (for mortgages, 10 per cent. of granted loans within a calendar quarter).  
Developments in the Norwegian housing market may cause the government to either impose 
stricter regulation or loosen the restrictions. Stricter regulation of home mortgages may significantly 
reduce growth in housing prices, and may also lead to housing prices dropping, reducing the value of 
the Cover Pool. Looser regulation may lead to higher housing prices, creating a risk of a bubble in the 
housing market. Both of these scenarios could adversely affect the Issuer’s business operations and its 
operating results and could impair the Issuer’s ability to perform its obligations under the Covered 
Bonds. Further, tighter regulation of lending practices by banks could lead to the provision of credit from 
new sources or in new forms that are not covered by the regulation, thus increasing competition in the 
mortgage market. Increased competition may cause the DNB Group and the Issuer to fail to attract new 
customers and/or retain existing customers. 
The DNB Group may be impacted by changes in accounting policies or accounting standards and the 
interpretation of such policies and standards 
From time to time, the International Accounting Standards Board (the “IASB”) changes the 
financial accounting and reporting standards that govern the preparation of the Issuer's financial 
statements. Further, changes may take place in the interpretation of, or differences of opinion may arise 
between the Issuer and competent authorities with regard to the application of, such standards. These 
changes can be difficult to predict and can materially impact how the Issuer records and reports its 
financial condition and results of operations. In some cases, the Issuer may be required to apply a new 
or revised standard, or alter the application of an existing standard retroactively, rendering a 
restatement of prior period financial statements necessary. Any such change in the Issuer’s accounting 
policies or applicable accounting standards could materially affect its reported financial condition and/or 
results of operations. 
Changes to the capital requirements framework - CRR 3/CRD 6  
On 6 December 2023, the EU approved the agreement on the implementation of the Basel IV 
recommendations in the EU (CRR3 and CRD6). The regulatory changes include a new standardised 
approach for calculating capital requirements for credit risk, new restrictions on the use of internal 
models (including a new capital requirement floor, new input floors on loss given default (including 
national options for setting higher input floors) and not allowing advanced internal models for large 
corporates), a revision of the market risk framework, and new requirements for environmental, social 
and governance (ESG) risk assessments and enhanced supervision. 
A consultation paper on the implementation of CRR3 into Norwegian law, prepared by the 
NFSA, was sent on public consultation in June 2024 with the deadline being 4 September 2024. In the 
consultation paper, the NFSA has assessed the effects of CRR3 for Norwegian banks and whether any 
options available to Norway, such as national regulatory measures, should be used and, if so, how. 
With regards to national options in CRR3, the NFSA proposes (i) to continue the current valuation 
principles for real estate when calculating the LTV ratio for the cover pool in covered bond vehicles, (ii) 
that the new capital requirement floor for IRB banks shall only apply at the highest level of consolidation, 
(iii) that IRB banks shall not be allowed to utilise the transitional arrangement for calculating the new

--- Page 47 ---
0081160-0000146 UKO2: 2008138142.9 
47 
 
capital requirement floor, (iv) that loans to customers with mortgages on four or more residential 
properties should follow the main rule of categorisation as "loans secured by residential property" (and 
not be categorised as corporate exposures) and (v) that credit assessments assuming the institution 
will receive state aid in a crisis should not be permitted during a transition period.  
The Ministry has stated that the goal is to have the CRR3 in force from 1 January 2025. The 
NFSA is also tasked with preparing a consultation paper on the implementation of CRD6. 
Implementation of CRR3 could materially affect the Issuer’s capital requirements. 
Possible new risk weight floors on residential mortgages and commercial real estate 
On 3 June 2024, the NFSA also put forward a proposal to change the risk weight floors for IRB 
banks in accordance with CRR Article 458, which states that if the relevant authority identifies changes 
in the intensity of macroprudential or systemic risk in the financial system with the potential to have 
serious negative consequences to the financial system and the real economy in the relevant country, 
and which that authority considers that cannot be addressed by means of other macroprudential tools, 
it shall notify the European Commission and the European Systemic Risk Board. The NFSA’s proposal 
implies an increase in risk-weight floors for IRB banks from 20 per cent. to 25 per cent. for residential 
mortgages and from 35 per cent. to 45 per cent. for commercial real estate. It is uncertain whether the 
Ministry of Finance will adopt the NFSA’s proposal. The proposal, if adopted, will have a negative effect 
on both the Bank’s and the Issuer’s CET1 ratios. The proposal is now on public consultation until 4 
September 2024.  
G. 
Risks relating to the markets generally 
An active secondary market in respect of the Covered Bonds may never be established or may be 
illiquid, which would adversely affect the value at which an investor could sell its Covered Bonds 
Covered Bonds may have no established trading market when issued, and one may never 
develop. If a market does develop for the Covered Bonds, it may not be very liquid. Therefore, investors 
may not be able to sell their Covered Bonds easily or at prices that will provide them with a yield 
comparable to similar investments that have a developed secondary market. This is particularly the 
case for Covered Bonds that are especially sensitive to interest rate, currency or market risks, are 
designed for specific investment objectives or strategies or have been structured to meet the investment 
requirements of limited categories of investors. These types of Covered Bonds generally would have a 
more limited secondary market and more price volatility than conventional debt securities. Any such 
illiquidity may have an adverse effect on the market value of Covered Bonds. 
The Covered Bonds have not been, and will not be, registered under the Securities Act and 
they are subject to certain restrictions on the resale and other transfer thereof as set forth under 
“Subscription and Sale”. 
Weak market conditions in the secondary market for instruments similar to the Covered Bonds may 
adversely affect the market value of the Covered Bonds 
Generally weak global credit market conditions could contribute to a lack of liquidity in the 
secondary market for instruments similar to the Covered Bonds. In addition, the current liquidity crisis 
has limited the primary market for a number of financial products, including instruments similar to the 
Covered Bonds. While some measures have been taken by governments, there can be no assurance 
that the market for securities similar to the Covered Bonds will recover at the same time or to the same 
degree as such other recovering global credit market sectors. 
An investor holding Covered Bonds which are not denominated in the investor’s home currency will  be 
exposed to movements in exchange rates that could adversely affect the value of its holding. In addition,

--- Page 48 ---
0081160-0000146 UKO2: 2008138142.9 
48 
 
the imposition of exchange controls in relation to any Covered Bonds could result in an investor not 
receiving payments on those Covered Bonds 
The Issuer will pay principal and interest on the Covered Bonds in the Specified Currency. This 
presents certain risks relating to currency conversions if an investor’s financial activities are  
denominated principally in a currency or currency unit (the “Investor’s Currency”) other than the 
Specified Currency. These include the risk that exchange rates may significantly change (including 
changes due to devaluation of the Specified Currency or revaluation of the Investor’s Currency) and the 
risk that authorities with jurisdiction over the Investor’s Currency may impose or modify exchange 
controls. An appreciation in the value of the Investor’s Currency relative to the Specified Currency would 
decrease (i) the Investor’s Currency-equivalent yield on the Covered Bonds, (ii) the Investor’s Currency-
equivalent value of the principal payable on the Covered Bonds and (iii) the Investor’s Currency-
equivalent market value of the Covered Bonds. 
Government and monetary authorities may impose (as some have done in the past) exchange 
controls that could adversely affect an applicable exchange rate. As a result, investors may receive less 
interest or principal than expected, or no interest or principal. 
The value of Covered Bonds may be adversely affected by movements in market interest rates 
Interest rate risk occurs when the interest rate payable on assets and liabilities for a fixed period 
do not coincide. Investments in Covered Bonds with fixed interest involve a risk that subsequent 
changes in market interest rates may adversely affect the value of fixed interest Covered Bonds. 
Investments in Covered Bonds with floating interest involve a risk of adverse changes in the interest 
rate payable on the Covered Bonds. 
A failure of the market for securities similar to Covered Bonds to recover could adversely affect 
the market value of the Covered Bonds. 
Credit ratings assigned to the Covered Bonds may not reflect all risks associated with an investment in 
those Covered Bonds 
Actual ratings at issue will be specified in the applicable Final Terms or Pricing Supplement, as 
the case may be, and expected ratings from Moody’s and S&P are included on the cover page of this 
Base Prospectus. There is no guarantee that such ratings will be assigned or maintained or that such 
credit ratings reflect the potential impact of all risks related to an investment in the Covered Bonds. 
Accordingly, a credit rating is not a recommendation to buy, sell or hold Covered Bonds and may be 
revised, suspended or withdrawn by the relevant rating agency at any time. Any such revision, 
suspension or withdrawal could adversely affect the market value of the Covered Bonds. The Issuer 
may, at any time, vary the rating agencies from whom credit ratings of the Covered Bonds are obtained 
or reduce the aggregate number of credit rating agencies from whom credit ratings of the Covered 
Bonds are obtained. 
In general, European regulated investors are restricted under the CRA Regulation from using 
credit ratings for regulatory purposes in the EEA, unless such ratings are issued by a credit rating 
agency established in the EEA and registered under the CRA Regulation (and such registration has not 
been withdrawn or suspended, subject to transitional provisions that apply in certain circumstances). 
Such general restriction will also apply in the case of credit ratings issued by third country non-EEA 
credit rating agencies, unless the relevant credit ratings are endorsed by an EEA-registered credit rating 
agency or the relevant third country rating agency is certified in accordance with the CRA Regulation 
(and such endorsement action or certification, as the case may be, has not been withdrawn or 
suspended, subject to transitional provisions that apply in certain circumstances). The list of registered 
and certified rating agencies published by the European Securities and Markets Authority (“ESMA”) on 
its website (http://www.esma.europa.eu/page/List-registered-and-certified-CRAs) in accordance with

--- Page 49 ---
0081160-0000146 UKO2: 2008138142.9 
49 
 
the CRA Regulation is not conclusive evidence of the status of the relevant rating agency included in 
such list, as there may be delays between certain supervisory measures being taken against a relevant 
rating agency and the publication of the updated ESMA list.  
Investors regulated in the UK are subject to similar restrictions under the UK CRA Regulation. 
As such, UK regulated investors are required to use for UK regulatory purposes ratings issued by a 
credit rating agency established in the UK and registered under the UK CRA Regulation. In the case of 
ratings issued by third country non-UK credit rating agencies, third country credit ratings can either be: 
(a) endorsed by a UK registered credit rating agency; or (b) issued by a third country credit rating agency 
that is certified in accordance with the UK CRA Regulation. Note this is subject, in each case, to (a) the 
relevant UK registration, certification or endorsement, as the case may be, not having been withdrawn 
or suspended, and (b) transitional provisions that apply in certain circumstances. In the case of third 
country ratings, for a certain limited period of time, transitional relief accommodates continued use for 
regulatory purposes in the UK, of existing pre-2021 ratings, provided the relevant conditions are 
satisfied.  
If the status of the rating agency rating the Covered Bonds changes for the purposes of the 
CRA Regulation or the UK CRA Regulation, relevant regulated investors may no longer be able to use 
the rating for regulatory purposes in the EEA or the UK, as applicable, and the Covered Bonds may 
have a different regulatory treatment, which may impact the value of the Covered Bonds and their 
liquidity in the secondary market. 
Certain information with respect to the credit rating agencies and ratings referred to in this 
Base Prospectus and/or the Final Terms or the Pricing Supplement, as the case may be, is set out in 
the first page of this Base Prospectus and will be disclosed in the Final Terms or the Pricing Supplement, 
as the case may be. 
Credit ratings may be subject to change 
The Issuer’s credit ratings are important to its business. There can be no assurance that the 
rating agencies will not downgrade the ratings of the Issuer or the ratings of the Issuer’s debt 
instruments (including Covered Bonds issued under the Programme) either as a result of the financial 
position of the Group (as defined under “Description of the Issuer”) or changes to applicable rating 
methodologies used by S&P and Moody’s and any other relevant rating agency (see “The Issuer is 
exposed to changing methodology by rating agencies”). A rating agency’s evaluation of the Issuer may 
also be based on a number of factors not entirely within the control of the Issuer, such as conditions 
affecting the financial services industry generally. Any reduction in the Issuer’s credit ratings or the 
ratings of its debt instruments could adversely affect its liquidity and competitive position, undermine 
confidence in the Group, increase its borrowing costs, limit its access to the capital markets, or limit the 
range of counterparties willing to enter into transactions with the Group. Such development could have 
a material adverse effect on the Group’s business, financial situation, results of operations, liquidity 
and/or prospects. 
H. 
Risks relating to Covered Bonds generally  
Covered Bonds are obligations of the Issuer only 
The Covered Bonds will constitute obligations of the Issuer only and have the benefit of a 
statutory preference under the Norwegian Financial Institutions Act Chapter 11 and Financial 
Instutitions Regulation Chapter 11 with appurtenant regulations. An investment in the Covered Bonds 
involves a reliance on the creditworthiness of the Issuer. The Covered Bonds are not guaranteed by 
the Bank or any member of the DNB Group or any other person.

--- Page 50 ---
0081160-0000146 UKO2: 2008138142.9 
50 
 
In addition, an investment in the Covered Bonds involves the risk that subsequent changes in 
the actual or perceived creditworthiness of the Issuer may adversely affect the market value of the 
relevant Covered Bonds. 
There can be no assurance that the Issuer Cover Pool will be sufficient to pay in full the amounts 
payable under the Covered Bonds. 
No events of default 
The Terms and Conditions of the Covered Bonds do not include any events of default relating 
to the Issuer, the occurrence of which would entitle Covered Bondholders to accelerate the Covered 
Bonds, and Covered Bondholders will only be paid the scheduled interest payments under the Covered 
Bonds as and when they fall due under the Terms and Conditions of the Covered Bonds. 
No gross-up 
Under the Terms and Conditions of the Covered Bonds, all payments in respect of the Covered 
Bonds will be made without deduction for or on account of withholding taxes imposed by the Kingdom 
of Norway or any political subdivision or any authority thereof or therein having power to tax unless such 
withholding or deduction is required by law, in which case such deduction will be made  by the Issuer. 
In the event that any such withholding or deduction is required by law, the Terms and Conditions 
require the Issuer to pay additional amounts in respect of such withholding or deduction subject to 
customary exceptions (see Condition 6 (Taxation)). If the withholding or deduction arises as a result of 
one of the circumstances described in paragraphs (i) to (v) of Condition 6 (Taxation), the Issuer will not 
be required to pay such additional amounts and affected investors will receive interest payments net of 
such withholding. If however the Issuer is required to pay additional amounts, it will have the option 
under Condition 5(b) (Redemption for Tax Reasons) to redeem the relevant Covered Bonds early. 
The value of the Covered Bonds could be adversely affected by a change in English law, Norwegian 
law or administrative practice 
The Terms and Conditions of the Covered Bonds are governed by English law, other than 
Condition 2 (Status of the Covered Bonds) and Condition 11 (Issuer Covenants) which are governed 
by Norwegian law, in each case, in effect as at the date of issue of the relevant Covered Bonds. No 
assurance can be given as to the impact of any possible judicial decision or change in English law, 
Norwegian law or English or Norwegian administrative practice after the date of issue of the relevant 
Covered Bonds. 
In particular, the Financial Institutions Act with appurtenant regulations are relatively new 
legislation in Norway and, for this reason, there is little available case law on it. It is uncertain how the 
Financial Institutions Act with appurtenant regulations will be interpreted or whether changes or 
amendments will be made to it which will affect Covered Bonds issued under the Programme. 
Meetings of Covered Bondholders 
The Terms and Conditions of the Covered Bonds contain provisions for calling meetings of 
Covered Bondholders to consider and vote upon matters affecting their interests generally, or to pass, 
resolutions in writing or through the use of electronic consents. These provisions permit defined 
majorities to bind all Covered Bondholders, including Covered Bondholders who did not attend and vote 
at the relevant meeting or, as the case may be, did not sign the written resolution or give their consent 
electronically, and including those Covered Bondholders who voted in a manner contrary to the majority. 
Certain significant modifications may be made following approval of a quorum of one or more persons 
holding or representing not less than two-thirds in aggregate nominal amount of the Covered Bonds for

--- Page 51 ---
0081160-0000146 UKO2: 2008138142.9 
51 
 
the time being outstanding, including modifying the date of maturity of the Covered Bonds or any date 
for payment of interest thereof, reducing or cancelling the amount of principal or the rate of interest 
payable in respect of the Covered Bonds or altering the currency of payment of the Covered Bonds. 
Conflicting interests of other creditors 
Although the rights of the holders of Covered Bonds (along with the holders of covered bonds 
issued under any other mortgage covered bonds issued by the Issuer) and the counterparties to 
derivatives agreements included in the Issuer Cover Pool have a preferential right with respect to such 
other creditors against the Issuer Cover Pool, they will rank junior to (i) costs incurred in connection with 
the operation, management, collection and realisation of the Issuer Cover Pool, which will be covered 
before the claims of the holders of Covered Bonds, and (ii) claims relating to the fees and expenses of 
a public administrator which, pursuant to the Norwegian Act on Liens of 8 February 1980 No 2 (the 
“Liens Act”), are secured by a first priority lien on each Cover Pool of the Issuer. Such liens will be 
limited to 700 times the standard Norwegian court fee (NOK 1,277 at the date of this Base Prospectus, 
leading to a total maximum liens of NOK 893,900 as of the date of this Base Prospectus) in respect of 
the Issuer Cover Pool. 
To the extent that Covered Bondholders are not fully paid from the proceeds of the liquidation 
of the assets comprising the Issuer Cover Pool, they will be able to apply for the balance of their claims 
as unsecured creditors of the Issuer and will be entitled to receive payment from the proceeds of the 
liquidation of the other assets of the Issuer not comprising the Issuer Cover Pool. The Covered 
Bondholders would in such case rank pari passu with any other covered bondholders (including, as at 
the date of this Base Prospectus, those under any other covered bonds which may be issued by the 
Issuer in accordance with the Financial Institutions Act), providers of covered bond swaps and the other 
unsecured, unsubordinated creditors of the Issuer and, as a result, may not receive all amounts owed 
by the Issuer to such Covered Bondholders. 
Investors who hold less than the minimum Specified Denomination may be unable to sell their of 
Covered Bonds and may be adversely affected if definitive Covered Bonds are subsequently to be 
issued 
In relation to any issue of Bearer Covered Bonds which have denominations consisting of a 
minimum Specified Denomination plus one or more higher integral multiples of another smaller amount, 
it is possible that such Covered Bonds may be traded in amounts in excess of the minimum Specified 
Denomination that are not integral multiples of such minimum Specified Denomination. In such a case 
a holder who, as a result of trading such amounts, holds an amount which is less than the minimum 
Specified Denomination in their account with the relevant clearing system would not be able to sell the 
remainder of such holding without first purchasing a principal amount of Covered Bonds such that its 
holding amounts to (at least) a Specified Denomination. Further, a holder who, as a result of trading 
such amounts, holds an amount which is less than the minimum Specified Denomination in their account 
with the relevant clearing system at the relevant time may not receive a definitive bearer Covered Bond 
in respect of such holding (should definitive bearer Covered Bonds be printed) and would need to 
purchase a principal amount of Covered Bonds such that its holding amounts to (at least) a Specified 
Denomination. 
If definitive Covered Bonds are issued, holders should be aware that definitive Covered Bonds 
which have a denomination that is not an integral multiple of the minimum Specified Denomination may 
be illiquid and difficult to trade.

--- Page 52 ---
0081160-0000146 UKO2: 2008138142.9 
52 
 
DOCUMENTS INCORPORATED BY REFERENCE 
The following documents, which have previously been published, shall be incorporated in, and 
form part of, this Base Prospectus: 
(a) 
the audited annual financial statements of the Issuer for each of the financial years 
ended 
31 
December 
2022 
(which 
can 
be 
viewed 
online 
at 
https://www.ir.dnb.no/sites/default/files/results/Annual_Report_DNB_Boligkreditt_202
2.pdf) 
and 
31 
December 
2023 
(which 
can 
be 
viewed 
online 
at 
https://www.ir.dnb.no/sites/default/files/DNB_Boligkreditt_Annual_report_2023.pdf), 
including the information set out at the following pages of the Issuer’s ‘Annual Report 
2022’ and ‘Annual Report 2023’. The audited annual financial statements of the Issuer 
are prepared in accordance with International Financial Reporting Standards as 
adopted by the EU (“IFRS”): 
 
 
2022 
2023 
Income statement/Comprehensive income 
page 8 
page 8 
Balance sheet 
page 9 
page 9 
Statement of changes in equity 
page 10 
page 10 
Cash flow statement 
page 11 
page 11 
Accounting principles and explanatory notes 
pages 12-38 
pages 12-37 
Auditor’s report 
pages 40-43 
pages 39-42 
(b) 
the unaudited interim financial statements of the Issuer as at, and for the three-month  
period 
ended 
31 
March 
2024 
(which 
can 
be 
viewed 
online 
at 
https://www.ir.dnb.no/sites/default/files/results/Quarterly%20Report%20DNB%20Boli
gkreditt%201Q24.pdf), including the information set out at the following pages of the 
Issuer’s ‘First quarter report 2024’: 
 
Comprehensive income 
page 7 
Balance sheet 
page 7 
Statement of changes in equity 
page 8 
Cash flow statement 
page 9 
Notes 
pages 9-14 
The interim financial statements are prepared in accordance with IAS 34 Interim 
Financial Reporting; 
(c) 
the section “Terms and Conditions of the Covered Bonds” from the following 
prospectuses relating to the Programme (i) Base Prospectus dated 19 June 2009 
(pages 
46-76 
inclusive) 
(which 
can 
be 
viewed 
online 
at 
https://www.bourse.lu/programme- 
documents/Programme-DNBBoligkreditt/13421); 
(ii) Base Prospectus dated 17 June 2010 (pages 49-79 inclusive) (which can be viewed 
online 
at 
https://www.bourse.lu/programme-documents/Programme-
DNBBoligkreditt/13421); (iii) Base Prospectus dated 8 June 2012 (pages 60-92 
inclusive) (which can be viewed online at https://www.bourse.lu/programme- 
documents/Programme-DNBBoligkreditt/13421); (iv) Base Prospectus dated 1 July 
2013 
(pages 
64-96 
inclusive) 
(which 
can 
be 
viewed 
online 
at 
https://www.bourse.lu/programme-documents/Programme-DNBBoligkreditt/13421); 
(v) Base Prospectus dated 27 June 2014 (pages 82-114 inclusive) (which can be 
viewed 
online 
at 
https://ise-prodnr-eu-west-1-data-integration.s3-eu-west-
1.amazonaws.com/legacy/Base+Prospectus_183d8f56-5a1f-4192-8c96-
3f6f966efeb9.PDF); (vi) Base Prospectus dated 1 July 2015 (pages 85-115 inclusive) 
(which  can be viewed online at https://ise-prodnr-eu-west-1-data-integration.s3-eu-west-
1.amazonaws.com/legacy/Base+Prospectus_5fdd3974-98d4-4fe6-b24c-

--- Page 53 ---
0081160-0000146 UKO2: 2008138142.9 
53 
 
a6bbf831b709.PDF); (vii) Base Prospectus dated 29 June 2016 (pages 86-116 
inclusive) (which can be viewed online at https://ise-prodnr-eu-west-1-data-
integration.s3-eu-west-1.amazonaws.com/legacy/Base+Prospectus_32777e7e-efaa-
4396-955d-a44482b7f3a3.PDF); (viii) Base Prospectus dated 22 June 2017 (pages 88-
118 inclusive) (which  can be viewed online at https://ise-prodnr-eu-west-1-data-
integration.s3-eu-west-
1.amazonaws.com/legacy/Final+Base+Prospectus+22.06.17_d11121be-9bb7-435c-
a264-a6c27a94f6f4.PDF); (ix) Base Prospectus dated 22 June 2018 (pages 94-127 
inclusive)  (which can be viewed online at https://ise-prodnr-eu-west-1-data-integration.s3-
eu-west-1.amazonaws.com/legacy/Base+Prospectus_591482b9-ac44-4837-977b-
64e46f2d83e9.PDF); (x) Base Prospectus dated 21 June 2019 (pages 88-118 inclusive) 
(which can be viewed online at https://ise-prodnr-eu-west-1-data-integration.s3-eu-
west-1.amazonaws.com/legacy/Base+Prospectus_cbe9de5a-4e7f-4e0d-b04e-
060ae137e288.PDF); (xi) Base Prospectus dated 17 June 2020 (pages  96-138 
inclusive) (which can be viewed online at https://ise-prodnr-eu-west-1-data-
integration.s3-eu-west-1.amazonaws.com/legacy/Base+Prospectus_f407ea78-46b2-
4ad1-954e-2bd11c516bb2.PDF); (xii) Base Prospectus dated 18 June 2021 (pages  
115-165 
inclusive) 
(which 
can 
be 
viewed 
online 
at 
https://www.ir.dnb.no/sites/default/files/UKO2-%232002792046-
v1%20DNB%20Boligkreditt%20CB%202021%20Update%20-
%20Base%20Prospectus%20(FINAL%20VERSION).pdf), 
(xiii) 
Base 
Prospectus 
dated 25 July 2022 (pages 115-165 inclusive) (which can be viewed online at 
https://www.ir.dnb.no/sites/default/files/UKO2-%232004978289-
v1%20DNB%20Boligkreditt%20CB%202022%20update%20-
%20Base%20Prospectus%20(FINAL).pdf); and (xiv) Base Prospectus dated 10 July 
2023 
(pages 
117-167 
inclusive) 
(which 
can 
be 
viewed 
online 
at 
https://www.ir.dnb.no/sites/default/files/UKO2-%232006616020-
v1%20DNB%20Boligkreditt%20CB%202023%20-
%20Base%20Prospectus%20(Final).pdf). 
The information incorporated by reference that is not included in the cross-reference list, is 
considered as additional information and is not required by the relevant schedules of Commission 
Delegated Regulation. 
Following the publication of this Base Prospectus a supplement to the Base Prospectus may 
be prepared by the Issuer and approved by the Central Bank in accordance with Article 23 of the 
Prospectus Regulation. Statements contained in any such supplement (or contained in any document 
incorporated by reference therein) shall, to the extent applicable, be deemed to modify or supersede 
statements contained in this Base Prospectus or in a document which is incorporated by reference in 
this Base Prospectus. Any statement so modified or superseded shall not, except as so modified or 
superseded, constitute a part of this Base Prospectus. 
In the event of any significant new factor arising or any material mistake or material inaccuracy 
relating to the information included in this Base Prospectus which is capable of affecting the assessment 
of any Covered Bonds or any change in the condition of the Issuer which is material in the context of 
the Programme or the issue of any Covered Bonds, the Issuer will prepare and publish a supplement 
to this Base Prospectus or publish a new prospectus for use in connection with any subsequent issue 
of Covered Bonds. Furthermore, the Issuer has undertaken to the Dealers in the Programme Agreement 
(as defined in “Subscription and Sale”) that it will, in connection with the listing of the Covered Bonds 
on the Official List, so long as any Covered Bond remains outstanding and listed on such exchange, in 
the event of any material adverse change in the financial condition of the Issuer which is not reflected 
in this Base Prospectus, prepare and publish a further supplement to this Base Prospectus or publish

--- Page 54 ---
0081160-0000146 UKO2: 2008138142.9 
54 
 
a new prospectus for use in connection with any subsequent issue of the Covered Bonds to be listed 
on the Official List.

--- Page 55 ---
0081160-0000146 UKO2: 2008138142.9 
55 
 
FORM OF THE COVERED BONDS 
The Covered Bonds of each Series will be in bearer form, registered form or, in the case of VP 
Systems Covered Bonds, uncertificated and dematerialised book entry form. 
Each Tranche of Bearer Covered Bonds (other than Swiss Domestic Covered Bonds) will 
initially be represented by a Temporary Bearer Global Covered Bond without Coupons or Talons (each 
as defined in “Terms and Conditions of the Covered Bonds”) which will (i) if the global Covered Bonds 
are intended to be issued in NGCB form, as specified in the applicable Final Terms (or in the case of 
Exempt Covered Bonds, the applicable Pricing Supplement), be delivered on or prior to the original 
issue date of the Tranche to a Common Safekeeper for Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg; and 
(ii) if the global Covered Bonds are not intended to be issued in NGCB Form, be delivered on or prior to 
the original issue date of the Tranche to a Common Depositary for, Euroclear and Clearstream, 
Luxembourg. Interests in the Temporary Bearer Global Covered Bond will be exchanged either for 
interests in a Permanent Bearer Global Covered Bond or, where specified in the applicable Final Terms 
or, as the case may be, the applicable Pricing Supplement (subject to such notice period as is specified 
in the Final Terms or, as the case may be, the applicable Pricing Supplement), for definitive Bearer 
Covered Bonds on or after the date (the “Exchange Date”) which is the later of (i) 40 days after the 
Temporary Bearer Global Covered Bond is issued and (ii) 40 days after completion of the distribution 
of the relevant Tranche. Such exchange will be made only upon delivery of written certification to 
Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg, as the case may be, to the effect that the beneficial owner 
of such Covered Bonds is not a U.S. person or other person who has purchased such Covered Bonds 
for resale to, or on behalf of, U.S. persons and Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg, as the case 
may be, has given a like certification (based on the certification it has received) to the Fiscal Agent. In 
respect of each Tranche of Swiss Domestic Covered Bonds, unless otherwise specified in the 
applicable Final Terms, the Issuer will deliver a permanent global Covered Bond (the “Swiss Global 
Covered Bond”) which will be deposited on or prior to the original issue date of the Tranche with the 
Intermediary. 
If an interest or principal payment date for any Covered Bonds (which are not Swiss Domestic 
Covered Bonds) occurs whilst such Covered Bonds are represented by a Temporary Bearer Global 
Covered Bond, the related interest or principal payment will be made only to the extent that certification 
of non-U.S. beneficial ownership has been received as described in the immediately preceding 
paragraph unless such certification has already been given. The holder of a Temporary Bearer Global 
Covered Bond (which is not a Swiss Domestic Covered Bond) will not be entitled to collect any payment 
of interest or principal due on or after the Exchange Date unless, upon due certification, exchange of 
the Temporary Bearer Global Covered Bond is improperly withheld or refused. Payments of principal 
or interest (if any) on a Permanent Bearer Global Covered Bond (which is not a Swiss Domestic 
Covered Bond) will be made through Euroclear or Clearstream, Luxembourg (against presentation or 
surrender, as the case may be, of the Permanent Bearer Global Covered Bond if the Permanent Bearer 
Global Covered Bond is not intended to be issued in NGCB form) without any further requirement for 
certification. Pursuant to the Agency Agreement (as defined under “Terms and Conditions of the 
Covered Bonds” below) the Fiscal Agent shall arrange that, where a further Tranche of Covered Bonds 
is issued, the Covered Bonds of such Tranche shall be assigned a common code and ISIN by Euroclear 
and Clearstream, Luxembourg which are different from the common code and ISIN assigned to Covered 
Bonds of any other Tranche of the same Series until at least expiry of the Distribution Compliance 
Period applicable to the Covered Bonds of such Tranche. 
The applicable Final Terms or, as the case may be, the applicable Pricing Supplement will 
specify that either (i) a Permanent Bearer Global Covered Bond (other than Swiss Domestic Covered 
Bonds) will be exchangeable (free of charge), in whole but not in part, for definitive Bearer Covered 
Bonds with, where applicable, Coupons and Talons attached upon not less than 60 days’ written notice 
from Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg (acting on the instructions of any holder of an interest 
in such Permanent Bearer Global Covered Bond) to the Fiscal Agent as described therein or (ii) a

--- Page 56 ---
0081160-0000146 UKO2: 2008138142.9 
56 
 
Permanent Bearer Global Covered Bond will be exchangeable (free of charge), in whole but not in part, 
for definitive Bearer Covered Bonds with, where applicable, Coupons and Talons attached only upon 
the occurrence of an Exchange Event as described therein. 
The applicable Final Terms will not specify that Temporary or Permanent Global Covered 
Bonds are exchangeable upon notice for definitive Covered Bonds where such Covered Bonds are 
issued having denominations consisting of a minimum Specified Denomination plus one or more higher 
integral multiples of a smaller amount. 
“Exchange Event” means (i) the Issuer has been notified that either Euroclear or Clearstream, 
Luxembourg has been closed for business for a continuous period of 14 days (other than by reason of 
holiday, statutory or otherwise) or has announced an intention permanently to cease business or has in 
fact done so and no alternative clearing system satisfactory to the Issuer, the Fiscal Agent, the other 
Paying Agents and the Covered Bondholders is available or, unless otherwise specified in the 
applicable Final Terms or as the case may be, the applicable Pricing Supplement (ii) the Issuer has or 
will become obliged to pay additional amounts as provided for or referred to in Condition 6 (Taxation) 
which would not be required were the Covered Bonds represented by the Permanent Bearer Global 
Covered Bond in definitive bearer form and a certificate to such effect signed by two Directors of the 
Issuer has been given to the Fiscal Agent. The Issuer will promptly give notice to Covered Bondholders 
in accordance with Condition 13 (Notices) if an Exchange Event occurs. In the event of the occurrence 
of an Exchange Event, Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg (acting on the instructions of any 
holder of an interest in such Permanent Bearer Global Covered Bond) or the Covered Bondholders may 
give notice to the Fiscal Agent requesting exchange and in the event of the occurrence of an Exchange 
Event as described in (ii) above, the Issuer may also give notice to the Fiscal Agent and the Covered 
Bondholders requesting exchange. Any such exchange shall occur not later than 30 days after the date 
of receipt of the first relevant notice by the Fiscal Agent. 
Bearer Covered Bonds which are denominated in Swiss Francs (“Swiss Domestic Covered 
Bonds”), unless otherwise specified in the applicable Final Terms, will be represented upon issue by a 
Swiss Global Covered Bond which will be deposited with SIX SIS AG, the Swiss Securities Services 
Corporation located in Olten, Switzerland (“SIX SIS AG”) or, as the case may be, with any other 
intermediary in Switzerland recognised for such purposes by SIX Swiss Exchange AG (SIX SIS AG or 
any such other intermediary, the “Intermediary”), until final redemption or the printing of definitive 
Covered Bonds. Payments of principal, interest (if any) or any other amounts on a Swiss Global Covered 
Bond will be made through the Intermediary without any requirement for certification. 
Once the Swiss Global Covered Bond is deposited with the Intermediary and entered into the 
accounts of one or more participants of the Intermediary, the Swiss Domestic Covered Bonds will 
constitute intermediated securities (Bucheffekten) (“Intermediated Securities”) in accordance with the 
provisions of the Swiss Federal Intermediated Securities Act (Bucheffektengesetz). 
Each holder (as such term shall be construed in accordance with the following paragraph) of 
Swiss Domestic Covered Bonds shall have a quotal co-ownership interest (Miteigentumsanteil) in the 
Swiss Global Covered Bond to the extent of their claim against the Issuer, provided that for so long as 
the Swiss Global Covered Bond remains deposited with the Intermediary the co-ownership interest shall 
be suspended and the Swiss Domestic Covered Bonds may only be transferred or otherwise disposed 
of in accordance with the provisions of the Swiss Federal Intermediated Securities Act 
(Bucheffektengesetz), i.e., by the entry of the transferred Swiss Domestic Covered Bonds in a securities 
account of the transferee. 
The records of the Intermediary will determine the number of Swiss Domestic Covered Bonds 
held through each participant in that Intermediary. In respect of the Swiss Domestic Covered Bonds 
held in the form of Intermediated Securities, the holders of the Swiss Domestic Covered Bonds will be 
the persons holding the Swiss Domestic Covered Bonds in a securities account. The term “holders” as

--- Page 57 ---
0081160-0000146 UKO2: 2008138142.9 
57 
 
used herein shall, in relation to any such Swiss Domestic Covered Bonds held in the form of 
Intermediated Securities, be construed accordingly. 
Holders of Swiss Domestic Covered Bonds do not have the right to request the printing and 
delivery of definitive Covered Bonds. Interests in the Swiss Global Covered Bonds will be 
exchangeable, in whole but not in part, for definitive Covered Bonds if the Principal Swiss Paying Agent 
(i) determines that the presentation of definitive Covered Bonds is required by Swiss or other applicable 
laws and regulations in connection with the enforcement of rights or (ii) deems the printing and delivery 
of definitive Covered Bonds to be useful or desirable for any other reason. Should the Principal Swiss 
Paying Agent so determine, it shall provide for the printing of definitive Covered Bonds without cost to 
the holders. Upon delivery of the definitive Covered Bonds, the Swiss Global Covered Bond will be 
cancelled and the definitive Covered Bonds shall be delivered to the holders against cancellation of the 
Swiss Domestic Covered Bonds in the holders' securities accounts. 
The following legend will appear on all Bearer Covered Bonds (other than Temporary Bearer 
Covered Bonds), Coupons and Talons relating to such Covered Bonds where TEFRA D is specified in 
the applicable Final Terms or Pricing Supplement, as the case may be: 
“ANY UNITED STATES PERSON WHO HOLDS THIS OBLIGATION WILL BE SUBJECT TO 
LIMITATIONS UNDER THE UNITED STATES INCOME TAX LAWS INCLUDING THE LIMITATIONS 
PROVIDED IN SECTIONS 165(j) AND 1287(a) OF THE INTERNAL REVENUE CODE.” 
The sections referred to provide that United States holders, with certain exceptions, will not be 
entitled to deduct any loss on bearer Covered Bonds or interest coupons and will not be entitled to 
capital gains treatment of any gain on any sale, disposition, redemption or payment of principal in 
respect of bearer Covered Bonds or coupons. 
Unless otherwise provided with respect to a particular Series of Registered Covered Bonds, 
Registered Covered Bonds will initially be represented by a Registered Global Covered Bond which will 
be deposited with a custodian for, and registered in the name of a common depositary or a common 
safekeeper as the case may be for the accounts of Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg. Prior to 
expiry of the Distribution Compliance Period applicable to each Tranche of Covered Bonds, beneficial 
interests in a Registered Global Covered Bond may not be offered or sold to, or for the account or  
benefit of, a U.S. person save as otherwise provided in Condition 9 (Transfer and Exchange of 
Registered Covered Bonds) and may not be held otherwise than through Euroclear or Clearstream, 
Luxembourg and such Registered Global Covered Bond will bear a legend regarding such restrictions 
on transfer. 
Persons holding beneficial interests in Registered Global Covered Bonds will be entitled or 
required, as the case may be, under the circumstances described below, to receive physical delivery of 
definitive Covered Bonds in fully registered form. 
Payments of principal on the Registered Covered Bonds will be made on the relevant payment 
date to the persons shown on the Register at the close of business on the business day (being for this 
purpose a day on which banks are open for business in Brussels) immediately prior to the relevant 
payment date. Payments of interest on the Registered Covered Bonds will be made on the relevant 
payment date to the person in whose name such Covered Bonds are registered on the Record Date 
(as defined in Condition 4(c) (Presentation of Covered Bonds and Coupons)) immediately preceding 
such payment date. 
Payments of the principal of, and interest (if any) on, the Registered Global Covered Bonds 
deposited with a common depositary or common safekeeper for Euroclear and Clearstream, 
Luxembourg, will be made to such common depositary or common safekeeper. None of the Issuer, any 
Paying Agent and the Registrar will have any responsibility or liability for any aspect of the records

--- Page 58 ---
0081160-0000146 UKO2: 2008138142.9 
58 
 
relating to or payments made on account of beneficial ownership interests in the Registered Global 
Covered Bonds or for maintaining, supervising or reviewing any records relating to such beneficial 
ownership interests. 
For so long as any of the Covered Bonds are represented by a Bearer Global Covered Bond 
held on behalf of Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg and/or SIX SIS AG or so long as any of 
the Covered Bonds is represented by a registered global Covered Bond deposited with a common 
depositary or common safekeeper for Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg or so long as the 
Covered Bond is a VP Systems Covered Bond, each person who is for the time being shown in the 
records of Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg, SIX SIS AG, VPS, VP or VPC, as the case may 
be, as the holder of a particular nominal amount of such Covered Bonds (in which regard any certificate 
or other document issued by Euroclear, Clearstream, Luxembourg, SIX SIS AG, VPS, VP or VPC as to 
the nominal amount of such Covered Bonds standing to the account of any person shall be conclusive 
and binding for all purposes save in the case of manifest error) shall be treated by the Issuer, the Fiscal 
Agent and any other Paying Agent as the holder of such nominal amount of such Covered Bonds for all 
purposes other than (in the case only of Covered Bonds not being VP Systems Covered Bonds) with 
respect to the payment of principal or interest on the Covered Bonds, for which purpose, (i) in the case 
of Covered Bonds represented by a Bearer Global Covered Bond, the bearer of the relevant Global 
Bearer Covered Bond or, (ii) in the case of Covered Bonds represented by a registered global Covered 
Bond, deposited with a common depositary or common safekeeper for Euroclear and Clearstream, 
Luxembourg, such common depositary or common safekeeper shall be treated by the Issuer, the Fiscal 
Agent and any other Paying Agent as the holder of such Covered Bonds in accordance with and subject 
to the terms of the relevant global Covered Bond (and the expressions “Covered Bondholder” and 
“holder of Covered Bonds” and related expressions shall be construed accordingly). 
Covered Bonds which are represented by a Bearer Global Covered Bond will only be 
transferable in accordance with the rules and procedures for the time being of Euroclear, Clearstream, 
Luxembourg or SIX SIS AG. 
No beneficial owner of an interest in a Registered Global Covered Bond will be able to exchange 
or transfer such interest, except in accordance with the applicable procedures of Euroclear and 
Clearstream, Luxembourg, in each case to the extent applicable. 
Each Tranche of VP Systems Covered Bonds will be issued in uncertificated and 
dematerialised book entry form. Legal title to the VP Systems Covered Bonds will be evidenced by book 
entries in the records of VPS, VP or VPC (as the case may be). VP Systems Covered Bonds will be 
issued with the benefit of the Agency Agreement. On the issue of such VP Systems Covered Bonds, 
the Issuer will send a letter to the Fiscal Agent, with copies sent to the other Paying Agents and the VP 
Systems Account Manager (the “VP Systems Letter”), which letter will set out the terms of the relevant 
issue of VP Systems Covered Bonds in the form of Final Terms (or, in the case of Exempt Covered 
Bonds, the applicable Pricing Supplement) attached thereto. On delivery of a copy of such VP Systems 
Letter by the VP Systems Account Manager including the applicable Final Terms (or, in the case of 
Exempt Covered Bonds, the applicable Pricing Supplement) to VPS, VP or VPC (as the case may be) 
and notification to VPS, VP or VPC (as the case may be) of the subscribers and their VPS, VP or VPC 
(as the case may be) account details by the relevant Dealer, the account operator acting on behalf of 
the Issuer will credit each subscribing account holder with VPS, VP or VPC (as the case may be) with 
a nominal amount of VP Systems Covered Bonds equal to the nominal amount thereof for which it has 
subscribed and paid. 
Settlement of sale and purchase transactions in respect of VP Systems Covered Bonds in VPS, 
VP or VPC (as the case may be) will take place in accordance with market practice at the time of the 
relevant transaction. Transfers of interests in the relevant VP Systems Covered Bonds will take place 
in accordance with the rules and procedures for the time being of VPS, VP or VPC (as the case may 
be).

--- Page 59 ---
0081160-0000146 UKO2: 2008138142.9 
59 
 
Any reference herein to Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg and/or SIX SIS AG and/or 
VPS, VP or VPC (as the case may be) shall, whenever the context so permits, be deemed to include a 
reference to any additional or alternative clearing system approved by the Issuer, the Fiscal Agent, the 
other Paying Agents and the Covered Bondholders.

--- Page 60 ---
0081160-0000146 UKO2: 2008138142.9 
60 
 
APPLICABLE FINAL TERMS 
Set out below is the form of Final Terms which will be completed for each Tranche of Covered 
Bonds, other than the Swiss Domestic Covered Bonds and Exempt Covered Bonds, issued under the 
Programme. 
1[PROHIBITION OF SALES TO EEA RETAIL INVESTORS – The Covered Bonds are not 
intended to be offered, sold or otherwise made available to and should not be offered, sold or otherwise 
made available to any retail investor in the European Economic Area (“EEA”). For these purposes, a 
retail investor means a person who is one (or more) of: (i) a retail client as defined in point (11) of Article 
4(1) of Directive 2014/65/EU (as amended) (“MiFID II”); (ii) a customer within the meaning of Directive 
(EU) 2016/97 (the “Insurance Distribution Directive”) where that customer would not qualify as a 
professional client as defined in point (10) of Article 4(1) of MiFID II; or (iii) not a qualified investor as 
defined in the Prospectus Regulation. Consequently no key information document required by 
Regulation (EU) No. 1286/2014 (as amended) (the “PRIIPs Regulation”) for offering or selling the 
Covered Bonds or otherwise making them available to retail investors in the EEA has been prepared 
and therefore offering or selling the Covered Bonds or otherwise making them available to any retail 
investor in the EEA may be unlawful under the PRIIPs Regulation.] 
2[PROHIBITION OF SALES TO UK RETAIL INVESTORS – The Covered Bonds are not 
intended to be offered, sold or otherwise made available to and should not be offered, sold or otherwise 
made available to any retail investor in the United Kingdom (“UK”). For these purposes, a retail investor 
means a person who is one (or more) of: (i) a retail client, as defined in point (8) of Article 2 of Regulation 
(EU) No 2017/565 as it forms part of domestic law by virtue of the European Union (Withdrawal) Act 
2018 (“EUWA”); (ii) a customer within the meaning of the provisions of the Financial Services and 
Markets Act 2000 (“FSMA”) and any rules or regulations made under the FSMA to implement Directive 
(EU) 2016/97, where that customer would not qualify as a professional client, as defined in point (8) of 
Article 2(1) of Regulation (EU) No 600/2014 as it forms part of domestic law by virtue of the EUWA; or 
(iii) not a qualified investor as defined in Article 2 of Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 as it forms part of 
domestic law by virtue of the EUWA. Consequently no key information document required by Regulation 
(EU) No 1286/2014 as it forms part of domestic law by virtue of the EUWA (the “UK PRIIPs 
Regulation”) for offering or selling the Covered Bonds or otherwise making them available to retail 
investors in the UK has been prepared and therefore offering or selling the Covered Bonds or otherwise 
making them available to any retail investor in the UK may be unlawful under the UK PRIIPs Regulation.] 
3[MIFID II product governance / Professional investors and ECPs only target market – 
Solely for the purposes of [the/each] manufacturer's product approval process, the target market 
assessment in respect of the Covered Bonds has led to the conclusion that: (i) the target market for the 
Covered Bonds is eligible counterparties and professional clients only, each as defined in [Directive 
2014/65/EU (as amended) (“MiFID II”)][MiFID II]; and (ii) all channels for distribution of the Covered 
Bonds to eligible counterparties and professional clients are appropriate. [Consider any negative target 
market]. Any person subsequently offering, selling or recommending the Covered Bonds (a 
“distributor”) should take into consideration the manufacturer['s/s'] target market assessment; 
however, a distributor subject to MiFID II is responsible for undertaking its own target market 
assessment in respect of the Covered Bonds (by either adopting or refining the manufacturer['s/s'] target 
market assessment) and determining appropriate distribution channels.] 
3[UK MIFIR product governance / Professional investors and ECPs only target market – 
Solely for the purposes of [the/each] manufacturer’s product approval process, the target market 
assessment in respect of the Covered Bonds has led to the conclusion that: (i) the target market for the 
Covered Bonds is only eligible counterparties, as defined in the FCA Handbook Conduct of Business 
Sourcebook, and professional clients, as defined in Regulation (EU) No 600/2014 as it forms part of 
domestic law by virtue of the [European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018/EUWA]; and (ii) all channels for 
distribution of the Covered Bonds to eligible counterparties and professional clients are appropriate.

--- Page 61 ---
0081160-0000146 UKO2: 2008138142.9 
61 
 
[Consider any negative target market]. Any person subsequently offering, selling or recommending the 
Covered Bonds (a distributor) should take into consideration the manufacturer[’s/s’] target market 
assessment; however, a distributor subject to the FCA Handbook Product Intervention and Product 
Governance Sourcebook (the “UK MiFIR Product Governance Rules”) is responsible for undertaking 
its own target market assessment in respect of the Covered Bonds (by either adopting or refining the 
manufacturer[’s/s’] target market assessment) and determining appropriate distribution channels.] 
 
[Date] 
DNB Boligkreditt AS 
Legal entity identifier (LEI): 5967007LIEEXZX659K67 
Issue of [Aggregate Nominal Amount of Tranche] [Title of Covered Bonds] under the 
€60,000,000,000 European Covered Bond (Premium) Programme  
PART A – CONTRACTUAL TERMS 
[Terms used herein shall be deemed to be defined as such for the purposes of the Conditions 
set forth in the Base Prospectus dated 27 June 2024 [and the supplements to the Base Prospectus to 
the Base Prospectus dated [date]] which [together] constitute[s] a base prospectus for the purposes of 
the Prospectus Regulation (the “Base Prospectus”). This document constitutes the Final Terms of the 
Covered Bonds described herein for the purposes of the Prospectus Regulation and must be read in 
conjunction with the Base Prospectus in order to obtain all the relevant information. These Final Terms 
[,/and] the Base Prospectus [and the supplement[s]] [has]/[have] been published on the website of 
Euronext Dublin at https://www.euronext.com/en/markets/dublin.] 
[The following alternative language applies if the first Tranche of a Series which is being 
increased was issued under a Base Prospectus with an earlier date.] 
[Terms used herein shall be deemed to be defined as such for the purposes of the Conditions 
(the “Conditions”) set forth in the Base Prospectus dated [19 June 2009 / 17 June 2010 / 8 June 2012 
/ 1 July 2013 / 27 June 2014 / 1 July 2015 / 29 June 2016 / 22 June 2017 / 22 June 2018 / 21 June 
2019 / 17 June 2020 / 18 June 2021 / 25 July 2022 / 10 July 2023] and the supplement to it dated [date]] 
which are incorporated by reference in the Base Prospectus dated 27 June 2024. This document 
constitutes the Final Terms of the Covered Bonds described herein for the purposes of the Prospectus 
Regulation and must be read in conjunction with the Base Prospectus dated 27 June 2024 [and the 
supplement[s] to the Base Prospectus dated [date]] which [together] constitute[s] a base prospectus for 
the purposes of the Prospectus Regulation (the “Base Prospectus”), including the Conditions 
incorporated by reference in the Base Prospectus, in order to obtain all the relevant information. These 
Final Terms[,/and] the Base Prospectus [and the supplement[s]] [has]/[have] been published on the 
website of Euronext Dublin at https://www.euronext.com/en/markets/dublin.] 
[Include whichever of the following apply or specify as “Not Applicable” (N/A). Note that the 
numbering should remain as set out below, even if “Not Applicable” is indicated for individual 
paragraphs or sub-paragraphs. Italics denote directions for completing the Final Terms.] 
 
1 
Legend to be included on front of the Final Terms if the Covered Bonds potentially constitute “packaged” products and no key 
information document will be prepared or the issuer wishes to prohibit offers to EEA and UK retail investors for any other reason, in 
which case the selling restriction should be specified to be “Applicable”. 
2 
Legend to be included on the front of the Final Terms if the Covered Bonds potentially constitute “packaged” products and no key 
information document will be prepared in the UK or the issuer wishes to prohibit offers to UK retail investors for any other reason, in 
which case the selling restriction should be specified to be “Applicable”. 
3 
Legend to be included on front of the Final Terms if following the ICMA 1 “all bonds to all professionals” target market approach.

--- Page 62 ---
0081160-0000146 UKO2: 2008138142.9 
62 
 
 
Issuer: 
DNB Boligkreditt AS 
 
(i) 
Series Number: 
[] 
(ii) 
Tranche Number: 
[] 
(iii) 
Date on which the Covered Bonds will  
be consolidated and form a single 
Series: 
The Covered Bonds will be consolidated 
and form a single Series with [identify earlier 
Tranches] on [the Issue Date/exchange of 
the Temporary Global Covered Bond for 
interests in the Permanent Global Covered 
Bond, as referred to in paragraph 20 below, 
which is expected to occur on or about 
[date]/[Not Applicable] 
 
Specified Currency or Currencies: 
[] 
 
Aggregate Nominal Amount: 
Series: 
Tranche: 
[] 
[] 
[] 
 
Issue Price: 
[] per cent. of the Aggregate Nominal 
Amount [plus accrued interest from [insert 
date] (if applicable)] 
 
(i) 
Specified Denominations: 
[] 
 
(N.B. Covered Bonds must have a minimum 
denomination 
of 
EUR 
100,000 
(or 
equivalent)) 
 
(Note – where multiple denominations 
above €100,000 or equivalent are being 
used the following sample wording should 
be followed: 
 
“[€100,000] 
and 
integral 
multiples 
of 
[€1,000] in excess thereof up to and 
including [€199,000]. No Covered Bonds in 
definitive form will be issued with a 
denomination above [€199,000].”)) 
 
(In the case of Registered Covered Bonds, 
this means the minimum integral amount in 
which transfers can be made) 
(ii) 
Calculation Amount: 
[] 
 
(If only one Specified Denomination, insert 
the Specified Denomination. If more than 
one Specified Denomination, insert the

--- Page 63 ---
0081160-0000146 UKO2: 2008138142.9 
63 
 
highest common factor. Note: There must 
be a common factor in the case of two or 
more Specified Denominations.) 
 
(i) 
Issue Date: 
[] 
(ii) 
Interest Commencement Date: 
[specify/Issue Date/Not Applicable] 
(N.B. An Interest Commencement Date will 
not be relevant for Zero Coupon Covered 
Bonds.) 
(a) 
Period to Maturity Date: 
[specify/Issue Date/Not Applicable] 
(b) 
Period from Maturity Date up to 
Statutory Extended Maturity 
Date: 
[specify/Maturity Date/Not Applicable] 
 
(i) 
Maturity Date: 
[Fixed rate – specify date/Floating Rate – 
Interest Payment Date falling in or nearest 
to [specify month and year]] 
(ii) 
Statutory Extended Maturity: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
[The Statutory Extended Maturity Date is 
[Fixed rate – specify date/Floating Rate – 
Interest Payment Date falling in or nearest 
to [specify month and year]; in each case 
falling 12 months after the Maturity Date]. 
 
In accordance with the Conditions and 
these Final Terms, if the Issuer has both (i) 
received a Statutory Maturity Extension 
Approval in respect of the Covered Bonds 
and (ii) failed to redeem the Covered Bonds 
in full on the Maturity Date, the maturity of 
the principal amount outstanding of the 
Covered Bonds 
will automatically be 
extended up to the Statutory Extended 
Maturity Date without constituting an event 
of default or giving holders of the Covered 
Bonds any right to accelerate payments on 
the Covered Bonds. In that event, the 
interest rate payable on, and the interest 
periods and Interest Payment Dates, in 
respect of the Covered Bonds, will change 
from those that applied up to the Maturity 
Date and the Issuer may redeem all or part 
of the principal amount outstanding of those 
Covered Bonds on any Interest Payment 
Date falling after the Maturity Date up to and 
including the Statutory Extended Maturity 
Date, all in accordance with the Conditions

--- Page 64 ---
0081160-0000146 UKO2: 2008138142.9 
64 
 
and these Final Terms. See Conditions 3(f) 
and 5(i).] 
 
Interest Basis: 
 
(i) 
Period to (and including) Maturity Date: 
[[] per cent. Fixed Rate] 
[[[] month] [EURIBOR / SONIA / SOFR / 
STIBOR / NIBOR / CIBOR] +/- [] per cent. 
Floating Rate] 
[Zero Coupon] 
(further particulars specified in paragraph 
[13/14/15] below) 
(ii) 
Period  from  (but  excluding)  Maturity 
Date up to (and including) Statutory 
Extended Maturity Date: 
[Not Applicable] 
[[] per cent. Fixed Rate] 
[[[] month] [EURIBOR / SONIA / SOFR / 
STIBOR / NIBOR / CIBOR] +/- [] per cent. 
Floating Rate] 
 
(further particulars specified in paragraph 
[13/14/15] below) 
 
Redemption Basis: 
Subject to any purchase and cancellation or 
early redemption, the Covered Bonds will be 
redeemed on the Maturity Date at 100 per 
cent. of their nominal amount. 
 
Change of Interest Basis: 
[Specify the date when any fixed to floating 
rate change occurs or cross refer to 
paragraphs 13 and 14 below and identify 
there.]/[Not Applicable] 
 
Put/Call Options: 
[Not Applicable] 
 
[Investor Put] 
 
[Issuer Call] 
 
[(further particulars specified in paragraph 
[16/17] below)] 
PROVISIONS RELATING TO INTEREST (IF ANY) PAYABLE 
 
Fixed Rate Covered Bond Provisions 
 
(i) 
To Maturity Date: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(ii) 
From Maturity Date up to Statutory 
Extended Maturity Date: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
(If (i) and (ii) above are not applicable, select 
Not Applicable in the remaining sub- 
paragraphs of this paragraph) 
(i) 
Rate(s) of Interest: 
 
(a) 
To Maturity Date: 
[[] per cent. per annum payable in arrear 
on each Interest Payment Date]/[Not 
Applicable]

--- Page 65 ---
0081160-0000146 UKO2: 2008138142.9 
65 
 
(b) 
From Maturity Date up 
to Statutory Extended 
Maturity Date: 
[Not Applicable]/[[] per cent. per annum 
payable in arrear on each Interest Payment 
Date] 
(ii) 
Interest Payment Date(s): 
 
(a) 
To Maturity Date: 
[[] in each year up to and including the 
Maturity 
Date]/[specify 
other 
periodicity]/[Not Applicable] 
 
(N.B. This will need to be amended in the 
case of long or short coupons) 
(b) 
From Maturity Date up 
to Statutory Extended 
Maturity Date: 
[Not Applicable]/[[]] 
(iii) 
Fixed Coupon Amount(s): 
 
(a) 
To Maturity Date: 
[[] 
per 
Calculation 
Amount]/[Not 
Applicable] 
(b) 
From Maturity Date up 
to Statutory Extended 
Maturity Date: 
[Not Applicable]/[Amount] per Calculation 
(iv) 
Broken Amount(s): 
 
(a) 
To Maturity Date: 
[[] per Calculation Amount, payable on the 
Interest Payment Date falling [in/on] 
[]]/[Not Applicable] 
(b) 
From Maturity Date up 
to Statutory Extended 
Maturity Date: 
[Not 
Applicable]/[[] 
per 
Calculation 
Amount, payable on the Interest Payment 
Date falling [in/on] []] 
(v) 
Day Count Fraction: 
 
(a) 
To Maturity Date: 
[Actual/Actual 
(ICMA)]/[30/360]/[Not 
Applicable] 
(b) 
From Maturity Date up 
to Statutory Extended 
Maturity Date: 
[Not 
Applicable]/[Actual/Actual 
(ICMA)]/ 
[30/360]/[Not Applicable] 
(vi) 
Determination Date(s): 
 
(a) 
To Maturity Date: 
[[] in each year]/[Not Applicable] 
 
[Insert regular interest payment dates, 
ignoring issue date or maturity date in the 
case of a long or short first or last coupon

--- Page 66 ---
0081160-0000146 UKO2: 2008138142.9 
66 
 
 
N.B. This will need to be amended in the 
case of regular interest payment dates 
which are not of equal duration 
 
N.B. Only relevant where Day Count 
Fraction is Actual/Actual] 
(b) 
From Maturity Date up 
to Statutory Extended 
Maturity Date: 
[Not Applicable] 
[[] in each year] 
 
[Insert regular interest payment dates, 
ignoring maturity date or statutory extended 
maturity date in the case of a long or short 
first or last coupon 
 
N.B. This will need to be amended in the 
case of regular interest payment dates 
which are not of equal duration 
 
N.B. Only relevant where Day Count 
Fraction is Actual/ Actual] 
 
Floating Rate Covered Bond Provisions 
 
(i) 
To Maturity Date: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(ii) 
From Maturity Date up to Statutory 
Extended Maturity Date: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
(If (i) and (ii) above are not applicable, select 
Not Applicable in the remaining sub- 
paragraphs of this paragraph) 
(i) 
Specified 
Period(s)/Specified 
Interest Payment Dates: 
 
(a) 
To Maturity Date: 
[][, subject to adjustment in accordance 
with the Business Day Convention set out in 
(ii) below/ not subject to any adjustment, as 
the Business Day Convention in (ii) below is 
specified 
to 
be 
Not 
Applicable]/[Not 
Applicable] 
(b) 
From Maturity Date up 
to Statutory Extended 
Maturity Date: 
[Not Applicable]/[][, subject to adjustment 
in accordance with the Business Day 
Convention set out in (ii) below/ not subject 
to any adjustment, as the Business Day 
Convention in (ii) below is specified to be 
Not Applicable] 
(ii) 
Business Day Convention:

--- Page 67 ---
0081160-0000146 UKO2: 2008138142.9 
67 
 
(a) 
To Maturity Date: 
[Floating 
Rate 
Convention/Following 
Business 
Day 
Convention/Modified 
Following 
Business 
Day 
Convention/Preceding 
Business 
Day 
Convention]/[Not Applicable] 
(b) 
From Maturity Date up 
to Statutory Extended 
Maturity Date: 
[Not 
Applicable] 
[Floating 
Rate 
Convention/Following 
Business 
Day 
Convention/Modified Following Business 
Day Convention/ Preceding Business Day 
Convention/[Not Applicable] 
(iii) 
Additional Business Centre(s): 
 
(a) 
To Maturity Date: 
[]/[Not Applicable] 
(b) 
From Maturity Date up 
to Statutory Extended 
Maturity Date: 
[Not Applicable]/[] 
(iv) 
Manner in which the Rate of 
Interest and Interest Amount is 
to be determined: 
 
(a) 
To Maturity Date: 
[Screen 
Rate 
Determination]/[ISDA 
Determination]/[Not Applicable] 
(b) 
From Maturity Date up 
to Statutory Extended 
Maturity Date: 
[Not 
Applicable]/[Screen 
Rate 
Determination]/ISDA Determination] 
(v) 
Party 
responsible 
for 
calculating the Rate of Interest 
and Interest Amount (if not the 
Fiscal Agent): 
 
(a) 
To Maturity Date: 
[Not Applicable]/[] 
(b) 
From Maturity Date up 
to Statutory Extended 
Maturity Date: 
[Not Applicable]/[] 
(vi) 
Screen Rate Determination 
 
(a) 
To Maturity Date: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
− 
Reference 
Rate 
[[month] [EURIBOR / SONIA / SOFR / 
STIBOR / NIBOR / CIBOR]]/[Not Applicable] 
− 
Relevant 
Financial 
Centre: 
[]

--- Page 68 ---
0081160-0000146 UKO2: 2008138142.9 
68 
 
− 
Interest 
Determination 
Date(s): 
[]/[] London Banking Days prior to the 
end of each Interest Period]/[Not Applicable] 
 
(In the case of EURIBOR): [Second day on 
which T2 is open prior to the start of each 
Interest Period] 
 
(In 
the 
case 
of 
SONIA): 
[Condition 
3(b)(ii)(C) applies][The date falling [] 
London Banking Days prior to the relevant 
Interest Payment Date or other date on 
which the relevant payment of interest falls 
due] 
 
(In the case of SOFR): [Condition 3(b)(ii)(D) 
applies][The 
date 
falling 
[] 
U.S. 
Government Securities Business Days prior 
to the relevant Interest Payment Date or 
other date on which the relevant payment 
falls due] 
 
(In 
the 
case 
of 
STIBOR): 
[Second 
Stockholm business day prior to the start of 
each Interest Period] 
(In the case of NIBOR): [Second Oslo 
business day prior to the start of each 
Interest Period] 
 
(In the case of CIBOR): [First day of each 
Interest Period] 
− 
Index 
Determination: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
− 
Relevant 
Number: 
[[5/[]] 
[[London 
Banking 
Days]/[U.S. 
Government Securities Business Days]/[Not 
Applicable] 
 
(If ‘Index Determination’ is ‘Not Applicable’, 
delete ‘Relevant Number’ and complete the 
remaining bullets below) 
 
(If ‘Index Determination’ is ‘Applicable’, 
insert number of days (expected to be five 
or greater) as the Relevant Number, and the 
remaining bullets below will each be ‘Not 
Applicable’) 
− 
“D”: 
[365/[]]/[Not Applicable]

--- Page 69 ---
0081160-0000146 UKO2: 2008138142.9 
69 
 
− 
Observation 
Method: 
[Lag/Lock-out/Observation 
Shift/Not 
Applicable] 
− 
Lag Period: 
[5/[] 
[London 
Banking 
Days] 
[U.S. 
Government Securities Business Days]] 
[Not Applicable] 
− 
Observation 
Shift Period: 
[5/[] 
[London 
Banking 
Days] 
[U.S. 
Government Securities Business Days]] 
[Not Applicable] 
 
(N.B. 
A 
minimum 
of 
5 
relevant 
business/banking days should be specified 
for the Lag Period or Observation Shift 
Period, unless otherwise agreed with the 
Fiscal Agent/Calculation Agent) 
− 
Relevant 
Screen Page: 
[]/[Not Applicable] 
 
(In the case of EURIBOR, if not Reuters 
Screen EURIBOR 01 (or any successor 
page) ensure it is a page which shows a 
composite rate or amend the fallback 
provisions appropriately) 
− 
Specified 
Time: 
[] 
− 
“p”: 
[[] 
[London 
Banking 
Days/U.S. 
Government Securities Business Days]/ 
[Not Applicable] 
(b) 
From Maturity Date up to 
Statutory Extended Maturity 
Date: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
− 
Reference Rate: 
[[[] month] [EURIBOR / SONIA / SOFR / 
STIBOR / NIBOR / CIBOR]/[Not Applicable] 
− 
Relevant Financial 
Centre: 
[] 
− 
Interest 
Determination 
Date(s): 
[]/[] London Banking Days prior to the 
end of each Interest Period]/[Not Applicable] 
 
(In the case of EURIBOR): [Second day on 
which T2 is open prior to the start of each 
Interest Period] 
 
(In 
the 
case 
of 
SONIA): 
[Condition 
3(b)(ii)(C) applies] [The date falling []

--- Page 70 ---
0081160-0000146 UKO2: 2008138142.9 
70 
 
London Banking Days prior to the relevant 
Interest Payment Date or other date on 
which the relevant payment of interest falls 
due] 
 
(In the case of SOFR): [Condition 3(b)(ii)(D) 
applies] 
[The 
date 
falling 
[] 
U.S. 
Government Securities Business Days prior 
to the relevant Interest Payment Date or 
other date on which the relevant payment 
falls due] 
 
(In 
the 
case 
of 
STIBOR): 
[Second 
Stockholm business day prior to the start of 
each Interest Period] 
 
(In the case of NIBOR): [Second Oslo 
business day prior to the start of each 
Interest Period] 
(In the case of CIBOR): [First day of each 
Interest Period] 
− 
Index 
Determination: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
− 
Relevant Number: 
[[5/[]] 
[[London 
Banking 
Days]/[U.S. 
Government Securities Business Days]/[Not 
Applicable] 
 
(If ‘Index Determination’ is ‘Not Applicable’, 
delete ‘Relevant Number’ and complete the 
remaining bullets below) 
 
(If ‘Index Determination’ is ‘Applicable’, 
insert number of days (expected to be five 
or greater) as the Relevant Number, and the 
remaining bullets below will each be ‘Not 
Applicable’) 
− 
“D”: 
[365/[]]/[Not Applicable] 
− 
Observation 
Method: 
[Lag/Lock-out/Observation 
Shift/Not 
Applicable] 
− 
Lag Period: 
[5/[] 
[London 
Banking 
Days] 
[U.S. 
Government Securities Business Days]] 
[Not Applicable] 
− 
Observation Shift 
Period: 
[5/[] 
[London 
Banking 
Days] 
[U.S. 
Government Securities Business Days]] 
[Not Applicable]

--- Page 71 ---
0081160-0000146 UKO2: 2008138142.9 
71 
 
 
(N.B. 
A 
minimum 
of 
5 
relevant 
business/banking days should be specified 
for the Lag Period or Observation Shift 
Period, unless otherwise agreed with the 
Fiscal Agent/Calculation Agent) 
− 
Relevant 
Screen 
Page: 
[]/[Not Applicable] 
 
(In  the  case  of  EURIBOR,  if  not Reuters 
Screen  EURIBOR  01  (or   any   successor 
page) ensure it is a page which shows a 
composite rate or amend the fallback 
provisions appropriately) 
− 
Specified Time: 
[] 
− 
“p”: 
[[] 
[London 
Banking 
Days/U.S.  
Government Securities Business Days]/Not 
Applicable] 
(vii) 
ISDA Determination 
 
(a) 
To Maturity Date: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
− 
Floating Rate 
Option: 
[]/[Not Applicable] 
− 
Designated 
Maturity: 
[]/[Not Applicable] 
− 
Reset Date: 
[]/[Not Applicable] 
 
(In the case of EURIBOR based option, the 
first day of the Interest Period) 
 
(N.B. The fallback provisions applicable to 
ISDA Determination under the 2006 ISDA 
Definitions are reliant upon the provision by 
reference banks of offered quotations for 
EURIBOR which, depending on market 
circumstances, may not be available at the 
relevant time) 
(b) 
From Maturity Date up 
to Statutory Extended 
Maturity Date: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
− 
Floating Rate 
Option: 
[]/[Not Applicable] 
− 
Designated 
Maturity: 
[]/[Not Applicable]

--- Page 72 ---
0081160-0000146 UKO2: 2008138142.9 
72 
 
− 
Reset Date: 
[]/[Not Applicable] 
 
(In the case of EURIBOR based option, the 
first day of the Interest Period) 
(viii) 
Linear Interpolation: 
 
(a) 
To Maturity Date: 
[Not Applicable/Applicable - the Rate of 
Interest for the [long/short] [first/last] Interest 
Period shall be calculated using Linear 
Interpolation (specify for each short or long 
interest period)] 
(b) 
From Maturity Date up 
to Statutory Extended 
Maturity Date: 
[Not Applicable/Applicable - the Rate of 
Interest for the [long/short] [first/last] Interest 
Period shall be calculated using Linear 
Interpolation (specify for each short or long 
interest period)] 
(ix) 
Margin(s): 
 
(a) 
To Maturity Date: 
[[+/-][] 
per 
cent. 
per 
annum]/[Not 
Applicable] 
(b) 
From Maturity Date up 
to Extended Maturity 
Date: 
[Not Applicable]/[[+/-][] per cent. per 
annum] 
(x) 
Minimum Rate of Interest: 
 
(a) 
To Maturity Date: 
[0 per cent.]/[[] per cent. per annum]/[Not 
Applicable] 
(b) 
From Maturity Date up 
to Statutory Extended 
Maturity Date: 
[Not Applicable]/[[] per cent. per annum] 
(xi) 
Maximum Rate of Interest: 
 
(a) 
To Maturity Date: 
[Not Applicable]/[] per cent. per annum 
(b) 
From Maturity Date up 
to Statutory Extended 
Maturity Date: 
[Not Applicable]/[] per cent. per annum 
(xii) 
Day Count Fraction: 
 
(a) 
To Maturity Date: 
[Not Applicable]/[Actual/365] 
 
[Actual/Actual] 
 
[Actual/365 (Fixed)] 
 
[Actual/365 (Sterling)] 
 
[Actual/360] 
 
[30/360]/[360/360]/[Bond Basis] 
 
[30E/360]/[Eurobond Basis]

--- Page 73 ---
0081160-0000146 UKO2: 2008138142.9 
73 
 
(b) 
From Maturity Date up 
to Statutory Extended 
Maturity Date: 
[Not Applicable]/[Actual/365] 
[Actual/365 (Fixed)] 
[Actual/365 (Sterling)] 
 
[Actual/360] 
 
[30/360]/[360/360]/[Bond Basis] 
 
[30E/360]/[Eurobond Basis] 
(xiii) 
Benchmark Discontinuation – 
Independent Adviser: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(xiv) 
Benchmark Discontinuation – 
ARRC: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
(If the Reference Rate for the Floating Rate 
Covered Bonds is “SOFR”, “Benchmark 
Discontinuation 
– 
ARRC” 
should 
be 
specified as applicable) 
 
Zero Coupon Covered Bond Provisions 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
(If 15 is not applicable, select Not Applicable 
in the remaining sub-paragraphs of this 
paragraph) 
(i) 
Accrual Yield: 
[[] per cent. per annum]/[Not Applicable] 
(ii) 
Reference Price: 
[]/[Not Applicable] 
(iii) 
Day Count Fraction in relation to Early 
Redemption 
Amounts 
and 
late 
payment: 
[30/360] 
[Actual/360] 
[Actual/365] 
[Not Applicable] 
PROVISIONS RELATING TO REDEMPTION 
 
 
Issuer Call 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
(If 16 is not applicable, select Not Applicable 
in the remaining sub-paragraphs of this 
paragraph) 
(i) 
Optional Redemption Date(s): 
[]/[Not Applicable] 
(ii) 
Optional Redemption Amount(s): 
[[] 
per 
Calculation 
Amount]/[Not 
Applicable] 
(iii) 
If redeemable in part: 
 
Minimum Redemption Amount: 
[[] 
per 
Calculation 
Amount]/[Not 
Applicable] 
Higher Redemption Amount: 
[[] 
per 
Calculation 
Amount]/[Not 
Applicable]

--- Page 74 ---
0081160-0000146 UKO2: 2008138142.9 
74 
 
(iv) 
Notice period (if other than as set out in 
the Conditions): 
[Minimum period: [] days Maximum period: 
[] days] 
[Not Applicable] 
 
(N.B. when setting notice periods, the Issuer 
is advised to consider the practicalities of 
distribution 
of 
information 
through 
intermediaries, 
for 
example, 
clearing 
systems (which require a minimum of 5 
clearing system business days’ notice for a 
call) and custodians, as well as any other 
notice requirements which may apply, for 
example, as between the Issuer and the 
Fiscal Agent or the Covered Bondholders) 
 
Investor Put 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
(If 17 is not applicable, select Not Applicable 
in the remaining sub-paragraphs of this 
paragraph) 
(i) 
Optional Redemption Date(s): 
[]/[Not Applicable] 
(ii) 
Optional Redemption Amount(s): 
[[] 
per 
Calculation 
Amount]/[Not 
Applicable] 
 
(NB: If the Optional Redemption Amount is 
other 
than 
a 
specified 
amount 
per 
Calculation Amount, the Covered Bonds will 
need to be Exempt Covered Bonds) 
(iii) 
Notice period (if other than as set out in 
the Conditions): 
[]/[Not Applicable] 
 
(N.B. When setting notice periods, the 
Issuer 
is 
advised 
to 
consider 
the 
practicalities of distribution of information 
through 
intermediaries, 
for 
example, 
clearing systems (which require a minimum 
of 15 clearing system business days’ notice 
for a put) and custodians, as well as any 
other notice requirements which may apply, 
for example, as between the Issuer and the 
Fiscal Agent or the Covered Bondholders) 
 
Final Redemption Amount of each Covered 
Bond: 
[] per Calculation Amount 
 
Early Redemption Amount(s) per Calculation 
Amount payable on redemption for taxation 
reasons or on event of default: 
[] per Calculation Amount

--- Page 75 ---
0081160-0000146 UKO2: 2008138142.9 
75 
 
GENERAL PROVISIONS APPLICABLE TO THE COVERED BONDS 
 
Form of Covered Bonds: 
 
(i) 
Form: 
[Bearer Covered Bonds: 
 
Temporary Bearer Global Covered Bond 
exchangeable for a Permanent Bearer 
Global 
Covered 
Bond 
which 
is 
exchangeable for Definitive Bearer Covered 
Bonds [on not less than 60 days’ notice 
given at any time/only upon an Exchange 
Event]] 
 
[Temporary Bearer Global Covered Bond 
exchangeable for Definitive Covered Bonds 
on and after the Exchange Date on [] days’ 
notice given at any time] 
 
[Registered Covered Bonds:  
Registered Global Covered Bond [] 
nominal amount registered in the name of [a 
common depositary for Euroclear and 
Clearstream, 
Luxembourg/a 
common 
safekeeper for Euroclear and Clearstream, 
Luxembourg] 
/ 
Definitive 
Registered 
Covered Bonds (specify nominal amounts)] 
 
[VP Systems Covered Bonds issued in 
uncertificated and dematerialised book 
entry form] 
(ii) 
New Global Covered Bond: 
[Yes] [No] 
 
Additional Financial Centre(s): 
[Not 
Applicable/indicate 
the 
Additional 
Financial Centres] 
 
(Note that this paragraph relates to the date 
of payment, and not the end dates of 
Interest Periods for the purposes of 
calculating the amount of interest to which 
item 14(iii) relates) 
 
Talons for future Coupons to be attached to 
Definitive Covered Bonds (and dates on which 
such Talons mature): 
[Yes, as the Covered Bonds have more than 
27 coupon payments, Talons may be 
required if, on exchange into definitive form 
more than 27 coupon payments are still to 
be made/No.]

--- Page 76 ---
0081160-0000146 UKO2: 2008138142.9 
76 
 
RESPONSIBILITY 
[[] has been extracted from []. The  Issuer confirms that such  information has been accurately 
reproduced and that, so far as it is aware and is able to ascertain from information published by [], no 
facts have been omitted which would render the reproduced information inaccurate or misleading.] 
Signed on behalf of the Issuer: 
 
 
By: .............................................. 
Duly authorised

--- Page 77 ---
0081160-0000146 UKO2: 2008138142.9 
77 
 
PART B – OTHER INFORMATION 
 
 LISTING AND ADMISSION TO TRADING 
(i) 
Listing and admission to trading: 
[Insert name of stock exchange on which listing 
has been, or will be, obtained, for example “The 
Official List of Euronext Dublin” or “The Oslo 
Stock Exchange”] 
 
[Application has been made for the Covered 
Bonds to be admitted to trading on the 
regulated market of [Euronext Dublin]/[the Oslo 
Stock Exchange] and listed on the official list of 
[Euronext Dublin/Oslo Stock Exchange] with 
effect from [].] 
 
(Where documenting a fungible issue use:) 
[The original Covered Bonds were admitted to 
trading on the regulated market of [Euronext 
Dublin]/[the 
Oslo 
Stock 
Exchange] 
and 
admitted to the official list of [Euronext Dublin] 
[the Oslo Stock Exchange] on [].] 
(ii) 
Estimate 
of 
total 
expenses 
related to admission to trading: 
[] 
 
 RATINGS: 
 
 
The Covered Bonds to be issued [[have 
been]/[are expected to be ]] rated [insert 
details] by [insert the legal name of the relevant 
credit rating agency entity(ies)]].] 
 
[[Each of] [insert name of relevant UK CRA] 
[is][are] established in the United Kingdom and 
[is][are] 
registered 
in 
accordance 
with 
Regulation (EC) No. 1060/2009 as it forms part 
of domestic law by virtue of the European 
Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018 (the “UK CRA 
Regulation”).] [[insert name of relevant UK 
CRA] is not established in the EEA and has not 
applied for registration under Regulation (EC) 
No. 1060/2009 (as amended) (the “CRA 
Regulation”). The ratings issued by [insert 
name of relevant UK CRA] have been 
endorsed by [insert name of relevant EEA 
CRA] in accordance with the CRA Regulation. 
[insert name of relevant EEA CRA] is 
established in the EEA and registered under 
the CRA Regulation.]

--- Page 78 ---
0081160-0000146 UKO2: 2008138142.9 
78 
 
 
 INTERESTS OF NATURAL AND LEGAL PERSONS INVOLVED IN THE ISSUE: 
[Save for the fees [of [insert relevant fee disclosure]] payable to the [Managers/Dealers], so 
far as the Issuer is aware, no person involved in the issue of the Covered Bonds has an 
interest material to the offer. The [Managers/Dealers] and their affiliates have engaged, and 
may in the future engage, in investment banking and/or commercial banking transactions 
with, and may perform other services for the Issuer and its affiliates in the ordinary course 
of business.] [Amend as appropriate if there are other interests] 
 
 REASONS FOR THE OFFER AND ESTIMATED NET PROCEEDS: 
(i) 
Reasons for the offer: 
[General Corporate Purposes/Green Covered 
Bonds/] 
(ii) 
Estimated net proceeds: 
[] 
 
 YIELD: (Fixed Rate Covered Bonds only) 
Indication of yield: 
[]/[Not Applicable] 
 
 OPERATIONAL INFORMATION: 
 
(i) 
ISIN: 
[] 
(ii) 
Common Code: 
[] 
(iii) 
CFI: 
[[See/[[include code], as updated, as set out 
on] the website of the Association of National 
Numbering Agencies (ANNA) or alternatively 
sourced 
from 
the 
responsible 
National 
Numbering Agency that assigned the ISIN/Not 
Applicable/Not Available] 
(iv) 
FISN: 
[[See/[[include code], as updated, as set out 
on] the website of the Association of National 
Numbering Agencies (ANNA) or alternatively 
sourced 
from 
the 
responsible 
National 
Numbering Agency that assigned the ISIN/Not 
Applicable/Not Available] 
(v) 
Any clearing system(s) other 
than 
Euroclear, 
Clearstream, 
Luxembourg (together with the 
address of each such clearing 
system) 
and 
the 
relevant 
identification number(s): 
[Not Applicable/(give name(s) and number(s))/ 
Verdipapirsentralen, 
Norway. 
VPS 
identification 
number: 
[]./ 
Vaerdipapircentralen, 
Denmark. 
VP 
identification number: []./VPC, Sweden, VPC 
identification number: [].] The Issuer shall be 
entitled to obtain certain information from the 
register maintained by VPS, VP or VPC (as the 
case may be) for the purposes of performing its 
obligations under the issue of VPS, VP or VPC 
(as the case may be) Covered Bonds] 
(vi) 
Delivery: 
Delivery [against/free of] payment

--- Page 79 ---
0081160-0000146 UKO2: 2008138142.9 
79 
 
(vii) 
Names 
and 
addresses 
of 
additional Paying Agent(s) (if 
any): 
[] 
(viii) 
Intended to be held in a manner 
which would allow Eurosystem 
eligibility: 
[Yes. Note that the designation “yes” simply 
means that the Covered Bonds are intended 
upon issue to be deposited with one of the 
ICSDs as common safekeeper[, and registered 
in the name of a nominee of one of the ICSDs 
acting as common safekeeper,] (include this 
text for registered Covered Bonds)] and does 
not necessarily mean that the Covered Bonds 
will be recognised as eligible collateral for 
Eurosystem monetary policy and intra-day 
credit operations by the Eurosystem either 
upon issue or at any or all times during their life. 
Such recognition will depend upon the ECB 
being satisfied that Eurosystem eligibility 
criteria have been met.]/ 
 
[No. Whilst the designation is specified as “no” 
at the date of the Final Terms, should the 
Eurosystem eligibility criteria be amended in 
the future such that the Covered Bonds are 
capable of meeting them the Covered Bonds 
may then be deposited with one of the ICSDs 
as common safekeeper[, and registered in the 
name of a nominee of one of the ICSDs acting 
as common safekeeper,] (include this text for 
registered Covered Bonds)]. Note that this 
does not necessarily mean that the Covered 
Bonds will be recognised as eligible collateral 
for Eurosystem monetary policy and intra-day 
credit operations by the Eurosystem either 
upon issue or at any or all times during their life. 
Such recognition will depend upon the ECB 
being satisfied that Eurosystem eligibility 
criteria have been met.] 
 
 DISTRIBUTION 
 
(i) 
Method of distribution: 
[Syndicated]/[Non-syndicated] 
(ii) 
If 
syndicated, 
names 
of 
Managers: 
[Not Applicable/give names] 
(iii) 
If 
non-syndicated, 
name 
of 
relevant Dealer: 
[Not Applicable/give names] 
(iv) 
U.S. Selling restrictions: 
[TEFRA D/TEFRA C/TEFRA not applicable] 
(v) 
Prohibition of Sales to EEA Retail 
Investors: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable]

--- Page 80 ---
0081160-0000146 UKO2: 2008138142.9 
80 
 
(If the Covered Bonds clearly do not constitute 
“packaged” products, “Not Applicable” should 
be specified. If the Covered Bonds may 
constitute “packaged” products, “Applicable” 
should be specified.) 
(vi) 
Prohibition of Sales to UK Retail 
Investors: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(If the Covered Bonds clearly do not constitute 
“packaged” products, “Not Applicable” should 
be specified. If the Covered Bonds may 
constitute “packaged” products, “Applicable” 
should be specified.) 
(vii) 
[Prohibition of Sales to Belgium 
Consumers: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(N.B. advice should be taken from Belgian 
counsel before disapplying this selling 
restriction)]

--- Page 81 ---
0081160-0000146 UKO2: 2008138142.9 
81 
 
Set out below is the form of Final Terms which will be completed for each Tranche of Swiss 
Domestic Covered Bonds, issued under the Programme. 
3[PROHIBITION OF SALES TO EEA RETAIL INVESTORS – The Swiss Domestic Covered 
Bonds are not intended to be offered, sold or otherwise made available to and[, with effect from such 
date,] should not be offered, sold or otherwise made available to any retail investor in the European 
Economic Area (“EEA”). For these purposes, a retail investor means a person who is one (or more) of: 
(i) a retail client as defined in point (11) of Article 4(1) of Directive 2014/65/EU (as amended) (“MiFID 
II”); (ii) a customer within the meaning of Directive (EU) 2016/97 (the “Insurance Distribution 
Directive”), where that customer would not qualify as a professional client as defined in point (10) of 
Article 4(1) of MiFID II; or (iii) not a qualified investor as defined in the Prospectus Regulation. 
Consequently no key information document required by Regulation (EU) No. 1286/2014 (as amended) 
(the “PRIIPs Regulation”) for offering or selling the Swiss Domestic Covered Bonds or otherwise 
making them available to retail investors in the EEA has been prepared and therefore offering or selling 
the Swiss Domestic Covered Bonds or otherwise making them available to any retail investor in the 
EEA may be unlawful under the PRIIPs Regulation.] 
[PROHIBITION OF SALES TO UK RETAIL INVESTORS – The Swiss Domestic Covered 
Bonds are not intended to be offered, sold or otherwise made available to and should not be offered, 
sold or otherwise made available to any retail investor in the United Kingdom (“UK”). For these 
purposes, a retail investor means a person who is one (or more) of: (i) a retail client, as defined in point 
(8) of Article 2 of Regulation (EU) No 2017/565 as it forms part of domestic law by virtue of the European 
Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018 (“EUWA”); (ii) a customer within the meaning of the provisions of the 
FSMA and any rules or regulations made under the FSMA to implement Directive (EU) 2016/97, where 
that customer would not qualify as a professional client, as defined in point (8) of Article 2(1) of 
Regulation (EU) No 600/2014 as it forms part of domestic law by virtue of the EUWA; or (iii) not a 
qualified investor as defined in Article 2 of Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 as it forms part of domestic law 
by virtue of the EUWA. Consequently no key information document required by Regulation (EU) No 
1286/2014 as it forms part of domestic law by virtue of the EUWA (the “UK PRIIPs Regulation”) for 
offering or selling the Covered Bonds or otherwise making them available to retail investors in the UK 
has been prepared and therefore offering or selling the Covered Bonds or otherwise making them 
available to any retail investor in the UK may be unlawful under the UK PRIIPs Regulation.] 
[MIFID II product governance / target market – [appropriate target market legend to be 
included]] 
[UK MIFIR product governance / target market – [appropriate target market legend to be 
included]] 
NO PROSPECTUS IS REQUIRED IN ACCORDANCE WITH REGULATION (EU) 2017/1129 
(THE “PROSPECTUS REGULATION”) FOR THE ISSUE OF COVERED BONDS DESCRIBED 
BELOW. FINAL TERMS COMPLETED FOR ANY TRANCHE OF SWISS DOMESTIC COVERED 
BONDS ISSUED UNDER THE PROGRAMME DO NOT CONSTITUTE FINAL TERMS FOR  THE 
PURPOSES OF THE PROSPECTUS REGULATION.

--- Page 82 ---
0081160-0000146 UKO2: 2008138142.9 
82 
 
[Date] 
DNB Boligkreditt AS 
Legal entity identifier (LEI): 5967007LIEEXZX659K67 
Issue of [Aggregate Nominal Amount of Tranche] [Title of Covered Bonds] under the 
€60,000,000,000 European Covered Bond (Premium) Programme 
PART A – CONTRACTUAL  
TERMS 
This document constitutes the Final Terms of the Covered Bonds described herein and must 
be read in conjunction with the Base Prospectus dated 27 June 2024 [and the supplement[s] to it dated 
[date]] (the “Base Prospectus”). Full information on the Issuer and the offer of the Covered Bonds is 
only available on the basis of the combination of these Final Terms and the Base Prospectus. Copies 
of the Base Prospectus may be obtained from [address]. 
[The following language applies if the first Tranche of a Series which is being increased was 
issued under a Base Prospectus with an earlier date.] 
Terms used herein shall be deemed to be defined as such for the purposes of the Conditions 
(the “Conditions”) set forth in the Base Prospectus dated [original date] which are incorporated by 
reference in the Base Prospectus. 
[Include whichever of the following apply or specify as “Not Applicable” (N/A). Note that the 
numbering should remain as set out below, even if “Not Applicable” is indicated for individual 
paragraphs or sub-paragraphs. Italics denote directions for completing the Final Terms.] 
 
1 
Legend to be included on front of the Final Terms if the Covered Bonds potentially constitute “packaged” products and no key information 
document will be prepared or the issuer wishes to prohibit offers to EEA and UK retail investors for any other reason, in which case the 
selling restriction should be specified to be “Applicable”. 
 
 
Issuer: 
DNB Boligkreditt AS 
 
(i) 
Series Number: 
[ 
] 
 
(ii) 
Tranche Number: 
[ 
] 
 
(iii) 
Date on which the Covered Bonds 
will  be consolidated and form a 
single Series: 
The Covered Bonds will be consolidated and 
form a single Series with [identify earlier 
Tranches] on [the Issue Date]/[Not Applicable] 
 
Specified Currency or Currencies: 
Swiss Francs (CHF) 
 
Aggregate Nominal Amount: 
 
 
Series: 
[ 
] 
 
Tranche: 
[ 
] 
 
Issue Price: 
[ 
] per cent. of the Aggregate Nominal 
Amount [plus accrued interest from [insert date] 
(if applicable)]

--- Page 83 ---
0081160-0000146 UKO2: 2008138142.9 
83 
 
 
(i) 
Specified Denominations: 
CHF [ ] 
 
(ii) 
Calculation Amount: 
CHF [ ] 
(If only one Specified Denomination, insert the 
Specified Denomination. If more than one 
Specified Denomination, insert the highest 
common factor. Note: There must be a common 
factor in the case of two or more Specified 
Denominations.) 
 
(i) 
Issue Date: 
[ 
] 
 
(ii) 
Interest Commencement Date: 
[specify/Issue Date/Not Applicable] 
(N.B. An Interest Commencement Date will not 
be relevant for Zero Coupon Covered Bonds.) 
 
(a) 
Period to Maturity Date: 
[specify/Issue Date/Not Applicable] 
 
(b) 
Period from Maturity Date 
up to Statutory Extended 
Maturity Date: 
[specify/Maturity Date/Not Applicable] 
 
(i) 
Maturity Date: 
[Fixed rate – specify date/Floating Rate – 
Interest Payment Date falling in or nearest to 
[specify month and year]] 
 
(ii) 
Statutory Extended Maturity: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
 
[The Statutory Extended Maturity Date is [Fixed 
rate – specify date/Floating Rate – Interest 
Payment Date falling in or nearest to [specify 
month and year]; in each case falling 12 months 
after the Maturity Date]. 
 
 
In accordance with the Conditions and these 
Final Terms, if the Issuer has both (i) received a 
Statutory Maturity Extension Approval in 
respect of the Covered Bonds and (ii) failed to 
redeem the Covered Bonds in full on the 
Maturity Date, the maturity of the principal 
amount outstanding of the Covered Bonds will 
automatically be extended up to the Statutory 
Extended Maturity Date without constituting an 
event of default or giving holders of the Covered 
Bonds any right to accelerate payments on the 
Covered Bonds. In that event, the interest rate 
payable on, and the interest periods and 
Interest Payment Dates, in respect of the 
Covered Bonds, will change from those that 
applied up to the Maturity Date and the Issuer 
may redeem all or part of the principal amount

--- Page 84 ---
0081160-0000146 UKO2: 2008138142.9 
84 
 
outstanding of those Covered Bonds on an 
Interest Payment Date falling in any month after 
the Maturity Date up to and including the 
Statutory Extended Maturity Date, all in 
accordance with the Conditions and these Final 
Terms. See Conditions 3(f) and 5(i). 
 
Interest Basis: 
 
(i) 
Period to (and including) Maturity 
Date: 
[[ 
] per cent. Fixed Rate] 
 
 
[[[ 
] month] [EURIBOR / SONIA / SOFR / 
STIBOR / NIBOR / CIBOR] +/-  
[ 
] per cent. Floating Rate] 
 
 
[Zero Coupon] 
 
 
(further particulars specified in paragraph 
[13/14/15] below) 
 
(ii) 
Period  from  (but  excluding)  
Maturity Date up to (and including) 
Statutory Extended Maturity Date: 
[Not Applicable] 
[ 
] per cent. Fixed Rate] 
[[[ 
] month] [EURIBOR / SONIA / SOFR / 
STIBOR / NIBOR / CIBOR] +/- 
[ 
] per cent. Floating Rate] 
(further particulars specified in paragraph 
[13/14/15] below) 
 
Redemption Basis: 
Subject to any purchase and cancellation or 
early redemption, the Covered Bonds will be 
redeemed on the Maturity Date at [100] per 
cent. of their nominal amount. 
 
Change of Interest Basis: 
[Specify the date when any fixed to floating rate 
change occurs or cross refer to paragraphs 13 
and 
14 
below 
and 
identify 
there.]/[Not 
Applicable] 
 
Put/Call Options: 
[Not Applicable] 
 
 
[Investor Put] 
 
 
[Issuer Call] 
 
 
[(further particulars specified in paragraph 
[16/17] below)] 
PROVISIONS RELATING TO INTEREST (IF ANY) PAYABLE 
 
Fixed Rate Covered Bond Provisions 
 
 
(i) 
To Maturity Date: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
(ii) 
From Maturity Date up to Statutory 
Extended Maturity Date: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(If  (i)  and  (ii)  above  are  not  applicable, 
select Not Applicable in the remaining sub- 
paragraphs of this paragraph)

--- Page 85 ---
0081160-0000146 UKO2: 2008138142.9 
85 
 
 
(i) 
Rate(s) of Interest: 
 
 
(a) 
To Maturity Date: 
[[ 
] per cent. per annum payable in arrear 
on 
each 
Interest 
Payment 
Date]/[Not 
Applicable] 
 
(b) 
From Maturity 
Date up to 
Statutory 
Extended 
Maturity Date: 
[Not Applicable]/ 
[[ 
] per cent. per annum payable in arrear 
on each Interest Payment Date] 
 
(ii) 
Interest Payment Date(s): 
 
 
(a) 
To Maturity Date: 
[[ 
] in each year up to and including the 
Maturity Date]/[specify other periodicity]/[Not 
Applicable] 
 
 
(N.B. This will need to be amended in the case 
of long or short coupons) 
 
(b) 
From Maturity 
Date up to 
Statutory 
Extended 
Maturity Date: 
[Not Applicable]/[[ ]] 
 
(iii) 
Fixed Coupon Amount(s): 
 
 
(a) 
To Maturity Date: 
[[ 
] 
per 
Calculation 
Amount]/[Not 
Applicable] 
 
(b) 
From Maturity 
Date up to 
Statutory 
Extended 
Maturity Date: 
[Not Applicable]/[] ] per Calculation Amount 
 
(iv) 
Broken Amount(s): 
 
 
(a) 
To Maturity Date: 
[[ 
] per Calculation Amount, payable on 
the Interest Payment Date falling [in/on] 
[ 
]]/[Not Applicable] 
 
(b) 
From Maturity 
Date up to 
Statutory 
Extended 
Maturity Date: 
[Not Applicable]/[[ 
] 
per 
Calculation 
Amount, payable on the Interest Payment Date 
falling [in/on] [ 
 
]] 
 
(v) 
Day Count Fraction:

--- Page 86 ---
0081160-0000146 UKO2: 2008138142.9 
86 
 
 
(a) 
To Maturity Date: 
[Actual/Actual 
(ICMA)]/[30/360]/ 
[Not 
Applicable] 
 
(b) 
From Maturity 
Date up to 
Statutory 
Extended 
Maturity Date: 
[Not 
Applicable]/[Actual/Actual 
(ICMA)]/ 
[30/360]/[Not Applicable] 
 
(vi) 
Determination Date(s): 
 
 
(a) 
To Maturity Date: 
[ 
] in each year]/[Not Applicable] 
 
 
[Insert regular interest payment dates, ignoring 
issue date or maturity date in the case of a long 
or short first or last coupon 
 
 
N.B. This will need to be amended in the case 
of regular interest payment dates which are not 
of equal duration 
 
 
N.B. Only relevant where Day Count Fraction is 
Actual/Actual] 
 
(b) 
From Maturity 
Date up to 
Statutory 
Extended 
Maturity Date: 
[Not Applicable] 
[      ] in each year] 
[Insert regular interest payment dates, ignoring 
maturity date or statutory extended maturity 
date in the case of a long or short first or last 
coupon 
 
 
N.B. This will need to be amended in the case 
of regular interest payment dates which are not 
of equal duration 
 
 
N.B. Only relevant where Day Count Fraction is 
Actual/Actual] 
 
Floating Rate Covered Bond Provisions 
 
 
(i) 
To Maturity Date: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
(ii) 
From Maturity Date up to 
Statutory Extended Maturity Date: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(If (i) and (ii) above are not applicable, select 
Not 
Applicable 
in 
the 
remaining 
sub- 
paragraphs of this paragraph) 
 
(i) 
Specified 
Period(s)/Specified 
Interest Payment Dates:

--- Page 87 ---
0081160-0000146 UKO2: 2008138142.9 
87 
 
 
(a) 
To Maturity Date: 
[ 
][, subject to adjustment in accordance 
with the Business Day Convention set out in (ii) 
below/ not subject to any adjustment as the 
Business Convention in (ii) below is specified to 
be Not Applicable]/[Not Applicable] 
 
(b) 
From Maturity 
Date up to 
Statutory 
Extended 
Maturity Date: 
[Not Applicable]/[ 
][, 
subject 
to 
adjustment in accordance with the Business 
Day Convention set out in (ii) below / not subject 
to any adjustment as the Business Convention 
in (ii) below is specified to be Not Applicable] 
 
(ii) 
Business 
Day 
Convention: 
 
 
(a) 
To Maturity Date: 
[Floating Rate Convention/Following Business 
Day Convention/Modified Following Business 
Day 
Convention/Preceding 
Business 
Day 
Convention/[specify other]]/[Not Applicable] 
 
(b) 
From Maturity 
Date up to 
Statutory 
Extended 
Maturity Date: 
Not 
Applicable] 
[Floating 
Rate 
Convention/Following 
Business 
Day 
Convention/Modified Following Business Day 
Convention/Preceding 
Business 
Day 
Convention/[specify other]]/[Not Applicable] 
 
(iii) 
Additional 
Business 
Centre(s): 
 
 
(a) 
To Maturity Date: 
[ 
]/[Not Applicable] 
 
(b) 
From Maturity 
Date up to 
Statutory 
Extended 
Maturity Date: 
[Not Applicable]/[ 
] 
 
(iv) 
Manner in which the Rate 
of Interest and Interest 
Amount 
is 
to 
be 
determined: 
 
 
(a) 
To Maturity Date: 
[Screen 
Rate 
Determination]/[ISDA 
Determination]/[Not Applicable] 
 
(b) 
From Maturity 
Date up to 
Statutory 
Extended 
Maturity Date: 
[Not 
Applicable]/[Screen 
Rate 
Determination]/ISDA Determination] 
 
(v) 
Party 
responsible 
for 
calculating the Rate of

--- Page 88 ---
0081160-0000146 UKO2: 2008138142.9 
88 
 
Interest 
and 
Interest 
Amount (if not the Fiscal 
Agent): 
 
(a) 
To Maturity Date: 
[Not Applicable]/[ 
] 
 
(b) 
From Maturity 
Date up to 
Statutory 
Extended Maturity 
Date: 
[Not Applicable]/[ 
] 
 
(vi) 
Screen 
Rate 
Determination: 
 
 
(a) 
To Maturity Date: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
− 
Reference 
Rate: 
[[[ 
] month] [EURIBOR / SONIA / SOFR / 
STIBOR / NIBOR / CIBOR]]/[Not Applicable] 
 
− 
Relevant 
Financial 
Centre: 
[          ] 
 
− 
Interest 
Determination 
Date(s): 
[ 
]/[   ] London Banking Days prior to the 
end of each Interest Period]/[Not Applicable] 
(In the case of EURIBOR): [Second day on 
which T2 is open prior to the start of each 
Interest Period] 
 
 
(In the case of SONIA): [Condition 3(b)(ii)(C) 
applies] [The date falling [    ] London Banking 
Days prior to the relevant Interest Payment 
Date or other date on which the relevant 
payment of interest falls due] 
 
 
(In the case of SOFR): [Condition 3(b)(ii)(D) 
applies][The date falling [   ] U.S. Government 
Securities Business Days prior to the relevant 
Interest Payment Date or other date on which 
the relevant payment falls due] 
(In the case of STIBOR): [Second Stockholm 
business day prior to the start of each Interest 
Period] 
(In the case of NIBOR): [Second Oslo business 
day prior to the start of each Interest Period] 
(In the case of CIBOR): [First day of each 
Interest Period]

--- Page 89 ---
0081160-0000146 UKO2: 2008138142.9 
89 
 
 
− 
Index 
Determination: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
− 
Relevant 
Number: 
[[5/[   ]] [[London Banking Days]/[U.S. 
Government Securities Business Days]/[Not 
Applicable] 
(If ‘Index Determination’ is ‘Not Applicable’, 
delete ‘Relevant Number’ and complete the 
remaining bullets below) 
(If ‘Index Determination’ is ‘Applicable’, insert 
number of days (expected to be five or greater) 
as the Relevant Number, and the remaining 
bullets below will each be ‘Not Applicable’) 
 
− 
“D”: 
[365/[   ]]/[Not Applicable] 
 
− 
Observation 
Method: 
[Lag/Lock-out/Observation Shift/Not Applicable] 
 
− 
Lag Period: 
[5/[   ] [London Banking Days] [U.S. Government 
Securities Business Days]] [Not Applicable] 
 
− 
Observation 
Shift Period: 
[5/[   ] [London Banking Days] [U.S. Government 
Securities Business Days]] [Not Applicable] 
(N.B. 
A 
minimum 
of 
5 
relevant 
business/banking days should be specified for 
the Lag Period or Observation Shift Period, 
unless otherwise agreed with the Fiscal 
Agent/Calculation Agent) 
 
− 
Relevant 
Screen 
Page: 
[ 
]/[Not Applicable] 
(In the case of EURIBOR, if not Reuters Screen 
EURIBOR 01 (or any successor page) ensure it 
is a page which shows a composite rate or 
amend the fallback provisions appropriately) 
 
− 
Specified 
Time: 
[ 
] 
 
− 
“p”: 
[[ ] [London Banking Days/U.S.  Government 
Securities Business Days]/Not Applicable] 
 
(b) 
From 
Maturity 
Date 
up 
to 
Statutory 
Extended 
Maturity Date: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable]

--- Page 90 ---
0081160-0000146 UKO2: 2008138142.9 
90 
 
 
− 
Reference 
Rate: 
[[[ 
] month] [EURIBOR / SONIA / SOFR / 
STIBOR / NIBOR / CIBOR]/[Not Applicable] 
(Either EURIBOR, STIBOR, NIBOR, CIBOR or 
other, 
although 
additional 
information 
is 
required if other – including the fallback 
provisions in the Agency Agreement) 
 
− 
Relevant 
Financial 
Centre: 
[          ] 
 
− 
Interest 
Determinatio
n Date(s): 
[ 
]/[    ] London Banking Days prior to the 
end of each Interest Period]/[Not Applicable] 
(In the case of EURIBOR): [Second day on 
which T2 is open prior to the start of each 
Interest Period] 
(In the case of SONIA): [Condition 3(b)(ii)(C) 
applies][The date falling [   ] London Banking 
Days prior to the relevant Interest Payment 
Date or other date on which the relevant 
payment of interest falls due] 
(In the case of SOFR): [Condition 3(b)(ii)(D) 
applies][The date falling [   ] U.S. Government 
Securities Business Days prior to the relevant 
Interest Payment date or other date on which 
the relevant payment falls due] 
(In the case of STIBOR): [Second Stockholm 
business day prior to the start of each Interest 
Period] 
(In the case of NIBOR): [Second Oslo business 
day prior to the start of each Interest Period] 
(In the case of CIBOR): [First day of each 
Interest Period] 
 
− 
Index 
Determination: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
− 
Relevant 
Number: 
[[5/[   ]] [[London Banking Days]/[U.S. 
Government Securities Business Days]/[Not 
Applicable] 
(If ‘Index Determination’ is ‘Not Applicable’, 
delete ‘Relevant Number’ and complete the 
remaining bullets below)

--- Page 91 ---
0081160-0000146 UKO2: 2008138142.9 
91 
 
(If ‘Index Determination’ is ‘Applicable’, insert 
number of days (expected to be five or greater) 
as the Relevant Number, and the remaining 
bullets below will each be ‘Not Applicable’) 
 
− 
“D”: 
[365/[   ]]/[Not Applicable] 
 
− 
Observation 
Method: 
[Lag/Lock-out/Observation Shift/Not Applicable] 
 
− 
Lag Period: 
[5/[   ] [London Banking Days] [U.S. Government 
Securities Business Days]] [Not Applicable] 
 
− 
Observation 
Shift Period: 
[5/[   ] [London Banking Days] [U.S. Government 
Securities Business Days]] [Not Applicable] 
(N.B. 
A 
minimum 
of 
5 
relevant 
business/banking days should be specified for 
the Lag Period or Observation Shift Period, 
unless otherwise agreed with the Fiscal 
Agent/Calculation Agent) 
 
− 
Relevant 
Screen 
Page: 
[ 
]/[Not Applicable] 
(In  the  case  of  EURIBOR,  if  not Reuters 
Screen  EURIBOR  01  (or   any   successor 
page) ensure it is a page which shows a 
composite rate or amend the fallback provisions 
appropriately) 
 
− 
Specified 
Time: 
[ 
] 
 
− 
“p”: 
[[ ] [London Banking Days/U.S.  Government 
Securities Business Days]/Not Applicable] 
 
(vii) 
ISDA Determination 
 
(a) 
To Maturity Date: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
− 
Floating Rate 
Option: 
[ 
]/[Not Applicable] 
− 
Designated 
Maturity: 
[ 
]/[Not Applicable] 
− 
Reset Date: 
[ 
]/[Not Applicable] 
(In the case of EURIBOR based option, the first 
day of the Interest Period) 
(N.B. The fallback provisions applicable to ISDA 
Determination under the 2006 ISDA Definitions 
are reliant upon the provision by reference

--- Page 92 ---
0081160-0000146 UKO2: 2008138142.9 
92 
 
banks of offered quotations for EURIBOR 
which, depending on market circumstances, 
may not be available at the relevant time) 
(b) 
From 
Maturity 
Date 
up 
to 
Statutory 
Extended 
Maturity Date: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
− 
Floating Rate 
Option: 
[ 
]/[Not Applicable] 
− 
Designated 
Maturity: 
[ 
]/[Not Applicable] 
− 
Reset Date: 
[ 
]/[Not Applicable] 
− 
 
(In the case of EURIBOR based option, the first 
day of the Interest Period) 
(viii) 
Linear Interpolation: 
 
(a) 
To Maturity Date: 
[Not Applicable/Applicable - the Rate of Interest 
for the [long/short] [first/last] Interest Period 
shall be calculated using Linear Interpolation 
(specify for each short or long interest period)] 
(b) 
From 
Maturity 
Date 
up 
to 
Statutory 
Extended 
Maturity Date: 
[Not Applicable/Applicable - the Rate of Interest 
for the [long/short] [first/last] Interest Period 
shall be calculated using Linear Interpolation 
(specify for each short or long interest period)] 
(ix) 
Margin(s): 
 
(a) 
To Maturity Date: 
[[+/-][ 
] per cent. per annum]/[Not Applicable] 
(b) 
From 
Maturity 
Date 
up 
to 
Statutory 
Extended 
Maturity Date: 
[Not Applicable]/[[+/-][ 
] per cent. per annum] 
(x) 
Minimum Rate of Interest: 
 
(b) 
To Maturity Date: 
[0 per cent.]/[[ 
] per cent. per annum]/[Not 
Applicable] 
(b) 
From 
Maturity 
Date 
up 
to 
Statutory 
Extended 
Maturity Date: 
[Not Applicable]/[[ 
] per cent. per annum]

--- Page 93 ---
0081160-0000146 UKO2: 2008138142.9 
93 
 
(xi) 
Maximum 
Rate 
of 
Interest: 
 
(a) 
To Maturity Date: 
[Not Applicable]/[ 
] per cent. per annum 
(b) 
From 
Maturity 
Date 
up 
to 
Statutory 
Extended 
Maturity Date: 
[Not Applicable]/[ 
] per cent. per annum 
(xii) 
Day Count Fraction: 
 
(a) 
To Maturity Date: 
[Not Applicable]/[Actual/365] 
[Actual/Actual] 
Actual/365 (Fixed) 
Actual/365 (Sterling) 
Actual/360 
[30/360]/[360/360]/[Bond Basis] 
[30E/360]/[Eurobond Basis] 
 
(b) 
From Maturity Date
up 
to 
Statutory 
Extended Maturity 
Date: 
[Not Applicable]/[Actual/365] 
[Actual/Actual] 
Actual/365 (Fixed) 
Actual/365 (Sterling) 
Actual/360 
[30/360]/[360/360]/[Bond Basis] 
[30E/360]/[Eurobond Basis] 
 
(xiii) 
Benchmark Discontinuation 
– Independent Adviser: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
(xiv) 
Benchmark Discontinuation 
– ARRC 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(If the Reference Rate for the Floating Rate 
Covered 
Bonds 
is 
“SOFR”, 
“Benchmark 
Discontinuation – ARRC” should be specified as 
applicable) 
 
Zero Coupon Covered Bond Provisions 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub- 
paragraphs of this paragraph) 
 
(i) 
Accrual Yield: 
[ 
] per cent. per annum 
 
(ii) 
Reference Price: 
[ 
] 
 
(iii) 
Day Count Fraction in relation to 
Early Redemption Amounts and late 
payment: 
[30/360] 
[Actual/360] 
[Actual/365] 
[Not Applicable]

--- Page 94 ---
0081160-0000146 UKO2: 2008138142.9 
94 
 
PROVISIONS RELATING TO REDEMPTION 
 
Issuer Call 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub- 
paragraphs of this paragraph) 
 
(i) 
Optional Redemption Date(s): 
[ 
] 
 
(ii) 
Optional Redemption Amount(s): 
[ 
] per Calculation Amount 
 
(iii) 
If redeemable in part: 
 
 
(a) 
Minimum 
Redemption 
Amount: 
[ 
] per Calculation Amount 
 
(b) 
Higher 
Redemption 
Amount: 
[ 
] per Calculation Amount 
 
(iv) 
Notice period (if other than as set 
out in the Conditions): 
Minimum period:[ 
] days 
Maximum period: [ 
] days 
(N.B. when setting notice periods, the Issuer is 
advised 
to 
consider 
the 
practicalities 
of 
distribution of information through intermediaries, 
for example, clearing systems (which require a 
minimum of 5 clearing system business days’ 
notice for a call) and custodians, as well as any 
other notice requirements which may apply, for 
example, as between the Issuer and the Fiscal 
Agent or the Covered Bondholders) 
 
Investor Put 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub- 
paragraphs of this paragraph) 
 
(i) 
Optional Redemption Date(s): 
[ 
] 
 
(ii) 
Optional Redemption Amount(s) of 
each Covered Bond and method, if 
any, 
of 
calculation 
of 
such 
amount(s): 
[ 
] per Calculation Amount 
 
(iii) 
Notice period (if other than as set 
out in the Conditions): 
[ 
] 
(N.B. When setting notice periods, the Issuer is 
advised 
to 
consider 
the 
practicalities 
of 
distribution of information through intermediaries, 
for example, clearing systems (which require a 
minimum of 15 clearing system business days’ 
notice for a put) and custodians, as well as any 
other notice requirements which may apply, for

--- Page 95 ---
0081160-0000146 UKO2: 2008138142.9 
95 
 
example, as between the Issuer and the Fiscal 
Agent or the Covered Bondholders) 
 
Final Redemption Amount of each Covered 
Bond: 
[ 
] per Calculation Amount 
 
Early 
Redemption 
Amount(s) 
per 
Calculation Amount payable on redemption 
for taxation reasons or on event of default: 
[ 
] per Calculation Amount 
(N.B if the Final Redemption Amount is 100 per 
cent. of the nominal value (i.e. par), the Early 
Redemption Amount is likely to be par (but 
consider). If however, the Final Redemption 
Amount is other than 100 per cent. of the nominal 
value, consideration should be given as to what 
the Early Redemption amount should be.) 
GENERAL PROVISIONS APPLICABLE TO THE COVERED BONDS 
 
Form of Covered Bonds: 
Swiss Global Covered Bond 
 
Additional Financial Centre(s): 
[Not Applicable/indicate the Additional Financial 
Centres] 
(Note that this paragraph relates to the date of 
payment, and not the end dates of Interest 
Periods for the purposes of calculating the 
amount of interest to which items 14(iii)) 
 
Talons for future Coupons to be attached to 
Definitive Covered Bonds (and dates on 
which such Talons mature): 
[Yes/No. If yes, give details] 
RESPONSIBILITY 
[[         ] has been extracted from [      ]. The Issuer confirms that such information has been accurately 
reproduced and that, so far as it is aware and is able to ascertain from information published by [      ], 
no facts have been omitted which would render the reproduced information inaccurate or misleading. 
Signed on behalf of the Issuer: 
 
 
By: .............................................. 
Duly authorised

--- Page 96 ---
0081160-0000146 UKO2: 2008138142.9 
96 
 
PART B – OTHER INFORMATION 
 
 
LISTING AND ADMISSION TO TRADING:  
 
(i) 
Listing and admission to trading: 
Application has been made for the Covered 
Bonds to be admitted to trading pursuant to the 
standard for bonds of the SIX Swiss Exchange 
with effect from [ 
]. The last trading day is 
expected to be [ 
]. 
Application for definitive listing pursuant to the 
standard for bonds of the SIX Swiss Exchange 
will be made as soon as practicable and, if 
granted, will only be granted after the Issue Date. 
Representation 
In accordance with Article 58a of the Listing Rules 
of the SIX Swiss Exchange, [ 
] 
has 
been 
appointed by the Issuer as representative to lodge 
the listing application with the Regulatory Board 
of the SIX Swiss Exchange. 
Documents Available 
Copies of these Final Terms and the Base 
Prospectus are available at [ 
].] 
 
(ii) 
Estimate of total expenses related 
to admission to trading: 
[ 
] 
 
RATINGS: 
The Covered Bonds to be issued [[have 
been]/[are expected to be ]] rated [insert details]
by [insert the legal name of the relevant credit 
rating agency entity(ies)]].][Not Applicable] 
[[Each of] [insert name of relevant UK CRA] 
[is][are] established in the United Kingdom and 
[is][are] registered in accordance with Regulation 
(EC) No. 1060/2009 as it forms part of domestic 
law by virtue of the European Union (Withdrawal) 
Act 2018 (the “UK CRA Regulation”).] [[insert 
name of relevant UK CRA] is not established in 
the EEA and has not applied for registration under 
Regulation (EC) No. 1060/2009 (as amended) 
(the “CRA Regulation”). The ratings issued by 
[insert name of relevant UK CRA] have been 
endorsed by [insert name of relevant EEA CRA] 
in accordance with the CRA Regulation. [insert 
name of relevant EEA CRA] is established in the 
EEA and registered under the CRA Regulation.] 
 
INTERESTS OF NATURAL AND LEGAL PERSONS INVOLVED IN THE ISSUE:

--- Page 97 ---
0081160-0000146 UKO2: 2008138142.9 
97 
 
[Save for the fees [of [insert relevant fee disclosure]] payable to the [Managers/Dealers], so far
as the Issuer is aware, no person involved in the issue of the Covered Bonds has an interest
material to the offer. The [Managers/Dealers] and their affiliates have engaged, and may in the
future engage, in investment banking and/or commercial banking transactions with, and may
perform other services for the Issuer and its affiliates in the ordinary course of business.]
[Amend as appropriate if there are other interests] 
 
REASONS FOR THE OFFER, ESTIMATED NET PROCEEDS AND TOTAL EXPENSES: 
 
(i) 
[Reasons for the offer: 
[ 
] 
 
(ii) 
Estimated net proceeds:] 
[ 
] 
 
YIELD: (Fixed Rate Covered Bonds only) 
Indication of yield: 
[ 
]/[Not Applicable] 
 
HISTORIC INTEREST RATES: (Floating Rate Covered Bonds only) 
 
Details of historical [EURIBOR/STIBOR/NIBOR/CIBOR] rates can be obtained from [Reuters
(or any successor page)].]/[Not Applicable] 
 
OPERATIONAL INFORMATION: 
 
 
(i) 
ISIN: 
[ 
] 
 
(ii) 
Common Code: 
[ 
] 
 
(iii) 
Swiss Security Number: 
[ 
] 
 
(iv) 
Any clearing system(s) other than 
SIX SIS AG (together with the
address of each such clearing 
system) 
and 
the 
relevant 
identification number(s): 
[Not 
Applicable/(give 
name(s) 
and 
number(s))/Verdipapirsentralen, Norway. VPS
identification number: [ ]./ Vaerdipapircentralen, 
Denmark. VP identification number: [ 
]./VPC, 
Sweden, VPC identification number: [ 
].] 
The 
Issuer shall be entitled to obtain certain 
information from the register maintained by VPS, 
VP or VPC (as the case may be) for the purposes 
of performing its obligations under the issue of 
VPS, VP or VPC (as the case may be) Covered 
Bonds]*** 
 
(v) 
Delivery: 
Delivery [against/free of] payment 
 
(vi) 
Names and addresses of additional 
Paying Agent(s) (including, in the 
case of Swiss Domestic Covered 
Bonds, the Principal Swiss Paying 
Agent and any other Swiss Paying 
Agents) (if any): 
 
 
DISTRIBUTION 
 
 
(i) 
Method of distribution: 
[Syndicated]/[Non-syndicated]

--- Page 98 ---
0081160-0000146 UKO2: 2008138142.9 
98 
 
 
(ii) 
If syndicated, names of Managers: [Not Applicable/give names] 
 
(iii) 
Date of Subscription Agreement: 
[ 
] 
 
(iv) 
If non-syndicated, name of relevant 
Dealer: 
[Not Applicable/give name] 
 
(v) 
U.S. Selling restrictions: 
[TEFRA D/TEFRA D (Swiss Exception)/TEFRA 
C/TEFRA not applicable] 
 
(vi) 
Prohibition of Sales to EEA Retail 
Investors: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(If the Swiss Domestic Covered Bonds clearly do 
not 
constitute 
“packaged” 
products, 
“Not 
Applicable” should be specified. If the Swiss 
Domestic 
Covered 
Bonds 
may 
constitute 
“packaged” products, “Applicable” should be 
specified.) 
 
(vii) 
Prohibition of Sales to UK Retail 
Investors: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(If the Swiss Domestic Covered Bonds clearly do 
not 
constitute 
“packaged” 
products, 
“Not 
Applicable” should be specified. If the Swiss 
Domestic 
Covered 
Bonds 
may 
constitute 
“packaged” products, “Applicable” should be 
specified.) 
 
(viii) 
[Prohibition of Sales to Belgium 
Consumers: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable]  
(N.B. advice should be taken from Belgian 
counsel before disapplying this selling restriction)] 
 
ADDITIONAL INFORMATION 
 
 
(i) 
No Material Change: 
There has been no material change in the Issuer’s 
assets and liabilities, financial position, profits or 
losses since (insert date of most recent annual or 
interim financial statements) 
 
(ii) 
Notices: 
For so long as any Swiss Global Covered Bond 
representing the Covered Bonds is deposited with 
the Intermediary [and in the event that the 
Covered Bonds are no longer listed on the SIX 
Swiss Exchange], any notices or publications to 
be made to holders will be made as provided in 
Condition 13 by publishing the relevant notice on 
the following website: [ ]. 
 
(iii) 
Notices to the Issuer: 
[specify/Not Applicable]

--- Page 99 ---
0081160-0000146 UKO2: 2008138142.9 
99 
 
APPLICABLE PRICING SUPPLEMENT  
Set out below is the form of Pricing Supplement which will be completed for each Tranche of 
Exempt Covered Bonds, whatever the denomination of those Exempt Covered Bonds under the 
Programme. 
NO PROSPECTUS IS REQUIRED IN ACCORDANCE WITH REGULATION (EU) 2017/1129 
FOR THE ISSUE OF COVERED BONDS DESCRIBED BELOW. 
4[PROHIBITION OF SALES TO EEA RETAIL INVESTORS – The Exempt Covered Bonds are 
not intended to be offered, sold or otherwise made available to and[, with effect from such date,] should 
not be offered, sold or otherwise made available to any retail investor in the European Economic Area 
(“EEA”). For these purposes, a retail investor means a person who is one (or more) of: (i) a retail client 
as defined in point (11) of Article 4(1) of Directive 2014/65/EU (as amended) (“MiFID II”); (ii) a customer 
within the meaning of Directive (EU) 2016/97 (the “Insurance Distribution Directive”), where that 
customer would not qualify as a professional client as defined in point (10) of Article 4(1) of MiFID II; or 
(iii) not a qualified investor as defined in the Prospectus Regulation. Consequently no key information 
document required by Regulation (EU) No. 1286/2014 (as amended) (the “PRIIPs Regulation”) for 
offering or selling the Exempt Covered Bonds or otherwise making them available to retail investors in 
the EEA has been prepared and therefore offering or selling the Exempt Covered Bonds or otherwise 
making them available to any retail investor in the EEA may be unlawful under the PRIIPs Regulation.] 
5[PROHIBITION OF SALES TO UK RETAIL INVESTORS – The Exempt Covered Bonds are 
not intended to be offered, sold or otherwise made available to and should not be offered, sold or 
otherwise made available to any retail investor in the United Kingdom (“UK”). For these purposes, a 
retail investor means a person who is one (or more) of: (i) a retail client, as defined in point (8) of Article 
2 of Regulation (EU) No 2017/565 as it forms part of domestic law by virtue of the European Union 
(Withdrawal) Act 2018 (“EUWA”); (ii) a customer within the meaning of the provisions of the FSMA and 
any rules or regulations made under the FSMA to implement Directive (EU) 2016/97, where that 
customer would not qualify as a professional client, as defined in point (8) of Article 2(1) of Regulation 
(EU) No 600/2014 as it forms part of domestic law by virtue of the EUWA; or (iii) not a qualified investor 
as defined in Article 2 of Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 as it forms part of domestic law by virtue of the 
EUWA. Consequently no key information document required by Regulation (EU) No 1286/2014 as it 
forms part of domestic law by virtue of the EUWA (the “UK PRIIPs Regulation”) for offering or selling 
the Exempt Covered Bonds or otherwise making them available to retail investors in the UK has been 
prepared and therefore offering or selling the Exempt Covered Bonds or otherwise making them 
available to any retail investor in the UK may be unlawful under the UK PRIIPs Regulation. 
[MIFID II product governance / target market – [appropriate target market legend to be 
included]] 
[UK MIFIR product governance / target market – [appropriate target market legend to be 
included]] 
 
[Date]

--- Page 100 ---
0081160-0000146 UKO2: 2008138142.9 
100 
 
DNB Boligkreditt AS 
Issue of [Aggregate Nominal Amount of Tranche] [Title of Covered Bonds] under the 
€60,000,000,000 European Covered Bond (Premium) Programme 
PART A – CONTRACTUAL TERMS 
Any person making or intending to make an offer of the Covered Bonds may only do so in circumstances 
in which no obligation arises for the Issuer or any Dealer to publish a prospectus pursuant to Article 3 
of the Prospectus Regulation or to supplement a prospectus pursuant to Article 23 of the Prospectus 
Regulation, in each case, in relation to such offer. 
This document constitutes the Pricing Supplement for the Covered Bonds described herein. This 
document must be read in conjunction with the Base Prospectus dated 27 June 2024 [as supplemented 
by the supplement[s] dated [date[s]]] (the “Base Prospectus”). Full information on the Issuer and the 
offer of the Covered Bonds is only available on the basis of the combination of this Pricing Supplement 
and the Base Prospectus. Copies of the Base Prospectus may be obtained from [  ]. 
Terms used herein shall be deemed to be defined as such for the purposes of the Conditions (the 
“Conditions”) set forth in the Base Prospectus dated 27 June 2024 [and the supplements to the Base 
Prospectus] which are incorporated by reference in the Base Prospectus. 
 
 
4 
Legend to be included on front of the Pricing Supplement if the Covered Bonds potentially constitute “packaged” 
products and no key information document will be prepared or the issuer wishes to prohibit offers to EEA and UK retail 
investors for any other reason, in which case the selling restriction should be specified to be “Applicable”. 
5 
Legend to be included on the front of the Pricing Supplement if the Covered Bonds potentially constitute “packaged” 
products and no key information document will be prepared in the UK or the issuer wishes to prohibit offers to UK retail 
investors for any other reason, in which case the selling restriction should be specified to be “Applicable”.  
[Include whichever of the following apply or specify as “Not Applicable” (N/A). Note that the numbering 
should remain as set out below, even if “Not Applicable” is indicated for individual paragraphs or sub-
paragraphs. Italics denote directions for completing the Pricing Supplement.] 
 
 
Issuer: 
[specify/Not Applicable] 
 
(i) 
Series Number: 
[ 
] 
 
(ii) 
Tranche Number: 
[ 
] 
 
(iii) 
Date on which the Covered Bonds 
will be consolidated and form a 
single Series: 
The Covered Bonds will be consolidated and form 
a single Series with [identify earlier Tranches] on 
[the Issue Date/exchange of the Temporary 
Global Covered Bond for interests in the 
Permanent Global Covered Bond, as referred to 
in paragraph 20 below, which is expected to occur 
on or about [date]/[Not Applicable] 
 
Specified Currency or Currencies: 
[ 
] 
 
Aggregate Nominal Amount:

--- Page 101 ---
0081160-0000146 UKO2: 2008138142.9 
101 
 
 
Series: 
[ 
] 
 
[Tranche: 
[ 
] 
 
Issue Price: 
[ 
] per cent. of the Aggregate Nominal 
Amount [plus accrued interest from [insert date] (if 
applicable)] 
 
(i) 
Specified Denominations: 
[ 
] 
(N.B. Covered Bonds must have a minimum 
denomination of EUR 100,000 (or equivalent)) 
(Note – where multiple denominations above 
€100,000 or equivalent are being used the 
following sample wording should be followed: 
“[€100,000] and integral multiples of [€1,000] in 
excess thereof up to and including [€199,000]. No 
Covered Bonds in definitive form will be issued 
with a denomination above [€199,000].”)) 
(In the case of Registered Covered Bonds, this 
means the minimum integral amount in which 
transfers can be made) 
 
(ii) 
Calculation Amount: 
[ 
] 
(If only one Specified Denomination, insert the 
Specified Denomination. If more than one 
Specified Denomination, insert the highest 
common factor. Note: There must be a common 
factor in the case of two or more Specified 
Denominations.) 
 
(i) 
Issue Date: 
[ 
] 
 
(ii) 
Interest Commencement Date: 
(N.B. An Interest Commencement Date will not be 
relevant for Zero Coupon Covered Bonds.) 
 
(a) 
Period to Maturity Date: 
[specify/Issue Date/Not Applicable] 
 
(b) 
Period from Maturity Date 
up to Statutory Extended 
Maturity Date: 
[specify/Maturity Date/Not Applicable] 
 
(i) 
Maturity Date: 
[Fixed rate – specify date/Floating Rate – Interest 
Payment Date falling in or nearest to [specify 
month and year]] 
 
(ii) 
Statutory Extended Maturity: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
[The Statutory Extended Maturity Date is [Fixed
rate – specify date/Floating Rate – Interest

--- Page 102 ---
0081160-0000146 UKO2: 2008138142.9 
102 
 
Payment Date falling in or nearest to [specify 
month and year]; in each case falling 12 months 
after the Maturity Date].  
In accordance with the Conditions and this Pricing 
Supplement, if the Issuer has both (i) received a 
Statutory Maturity Extension Approval in respect 
of the Covered Bonds and (ii) failed to redeem the 
Covered Bonds in full on the Maturity Date, the 
maturity of the principal amount outstanding of the 
Covered Bonds will automatically be extended up 
to the Statutory Extended Maturity Date without 
constituting an event of default or giving holders 
of the Covered Bonds any right to accelerate 
payments on the Covered Bonds. In that event, 
the interest rate payable on, and the interest 
periods and Interest Payment Dates, in respect of 
the Covered Bonds, will change from those that 
applied up to the Maturity Date and the Issuer 
may redeem all or part of the principal amount 
outstanding of those Covered Bonds on an 
Interest Payment Date falling in any month after 
the Maturity Date up to and including the Statutory 
Extended Maturity Date, all in accordance with 
the Conditions and this Pricing Supplement 
Terms. See Conditions 3(f) and 5(i).] 
 
Interest Basis: 
 
 
(i) 
Period to (and including) Maturity 
Date: 
[[ 
] per cent. Fixed Rate] 
[[[ 
] month] [EURIBOR / SONIA / SOFR /
STIBOR / NIBOR / CIBOR / specify other] +/- [
 
] per cent. Floating Rate] 
[Zero Coupon] 
(further 
particulars 
specified 
in 
paragraph 
[13/14/15] below) 
 
(ii) 
Period from (but excluding) Maturity 
Date up  
to (and including) 
Statutory Extended Maturity Date: 
[Not Applicable] 
[[ 
] per cent. Fixed Rate] 
[[[ 
] month] [EURIBOR / SONIA /  
 
 
SOFR / STIBOR / NIBOR / CIBOR / specify other] 
+/- [ 
] per cent. Floating Rate] 
(further 
particulars 
specified 
in 
paragraph 
[13/14/15] below) 
 
Redemption Basis: 
Subject to any purchase and cancellation or early 
redemption, the Covered Bonds will be redeemed

--- Page 103 ---
0081160-0000146 UKO2: 2008138142.9 
103 
 
on the Maturity Date at [100] per cent. of their 
nominal amount. 
 
Change of Interest Basis: 
[Specify the date when any fixed to floating rate 
change occurs or cross refer to paragraphs 13 
and 14 below and identify there.]/[Not Applicable] 
 
Put/Call Options: 
[Not Applicable] 
[Investor Put] 
[Issuer Call] 
[(further particulars specified in paragraph 
[16/17] below)] 
PROVISIONS RELATING TO INTEREST (IF ANY) PAYABLE 
 
Fixed Rate Covered Bond Provisions 
 
(I) 
To Maturity Date: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(II) 
From 
Maturity 
Date 
up 
to 
Statutory 
Extended Maturity Date: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(If (I) and (II) above are not applicable, select Not 
Applicable in the remaining sub- paragraphs of 
this paragraph) 
 
(i) 
Rate(s) of Interest: 
 
 
(a) 
To Maturity Date: 
[[ 
] per cent. per annum payable in arrear 
on each Interest Payment Date]/[Not Applicable] 
 
(b) 
From Maturity Date up to 
Statutory 
Extended 
Maturity Date: 
[Not Applicable]/ 
[[ 
] per cent. per annum payable in arrear 
on each Interest Payment Date] 
 
(ii) 
Interest Payment Date(s): 
 
 
(a) 
To Maturity Date: 
[[ 
] in each year up to and including the 
Maturity Date]/[specify other periodicity]/[Not 
Applicable] 
(N.B. This will need to be amended in the case of 
long or short coupons) 
 
(b) 
From Maturity Date up to 
Statutory 
Extended 
Maturity Date: 
[Not Applicable]/[[ ]] 
 
(iii) 
Fixed Coupon Amount(s): 
 
 
(a) 
To Maturity Date: 
[[ 
] 
per 
Calculation 
Amount]/[Not 
Applicable]

--- Page 104 ---
0081160-0000146 UKO2: 2008138142.9 
104 
 
 
(b) 
From Maturity Date up to 
Statutory 
Extended 
Maturity Date: 
[Not Applicable]/[ 
] per Calculation Amount 
 
(iv) 
Broken Amount(s): 
 
 
(a) 
To Maturity Date: 
[[ 
] per Calculation Amount, payable on the 
Interest Payment Date falling [in/on] [ 
]]/[Not 
Applicable] 
 
(b) 
From Maturity Date up to 
Statutory 
Extended 
Maturity Date: 
[Not Applicable]/[[ 
] 
per 
Calculation 
Amount, payable on the Interest Payment Date 
falling [in/on] [  
]] 
 
(v) 
Day Count Fraction: 
 
 
(a) 
To Maturity Date: 
[Actual/Actual (ICMA)]/[30/360]/[Not Applicable] 
 
(b) 
From Maturity Date up to 
Statutory 
Extended 
Maturity Date: 
[Not 
Applicable]/[Actual/Actual 
(ICMA)]/[30/360]/[Not Applicable] 
 
(vi) 
Determination Date(s): 
 
 
(a) 
To Maturity Date: 
[[ 
] in each year]/[Not Applicable] 
[Insert regular interest payment dates, ignoring 
issue date or maturity date in the case of a long 
or short first or last coupon 
N.B. This will need to be amended in the case of 
regular interest payment dates which are not of 
equal duration 
N.B. Only relevant where Day Count Fraction is 
Actual/Actual] 
 
(b) 
From Maturity Date up to 
Statutory 
Extended 
Maturity Date: 
[Not Applicable]  
[ 
] in each year] 
[Insert regular interest payment dates, ignoring 
maturity date or statutory extended maturity date 
in the case of a long or short first or last coupon 
N.B. This will need to be amended in the case of 
regular interest payment dates which are not of 
equal duration 
N.B. Only relevant where Day Count Fraction is 
Actual/Actual] 
 
(vii) 
Other terms relating to the  method 
of calculating interest for Fixed Rate 
[None/Give details]

--- Page 105 ---
0081160-0000146 UKO2: 2008138142.9 
105 
 
Covered Bonds which are Exempt 
Covered Bonds: 
 
Floating Rate Covered Bond Provisions 
 
(I) 
To Maturity Date: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(II) 
From 
Maturity 
Date 
up 
to 
Statutory 
Extended Maturity Date: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(If (I) and (II) above are not applicable, select Not 
Applicable in the remaining sub- paragraphs of 
this paragraph) 
 
(i) 
Specified 
Period(s)/Specified 
Interest Payment Dates: 
 
 
(a) 
To Maturity Date: 
[ ][, subject to adjustment in accordance with the 
Business Day Convention set out in (ii) below/ not 
subject to any adjustment, as the Business Day 
Convention in (ii) below is specified to be Not 
Applicable]/[Not Applicable] 
 
(b) 
From Maturity Date up to 
Statutory 
Extended 
Maturity Date: 
[Not Applicable]/[ ][, subject to adjustment in 
accordance with the Business Day Convention 
set out in (ii) below/ not subject to any adjustment, 
as the Business Day Convention in (ii) below is 
specified to be Not Applicable] 
 
(ii) 
Business Day Convention: 
 
 
(a) 
To Maturity Date: 
[Floating Rate Convention/Following Business 
Day Convention/Modified Following Business 
Day 
Convention/Preceding 
Business 
Day 
Convention]/[Not Applicable] 
 
(b) 
From Maturity Date up to 
Statutory 
Extended 
Maturity Date: 
[Not 
Applicable] 
[Floating 
Rate 
Convention/Following 
Business 
Day 
Convention/Modified Following Business Day 
Convention/Preceding 
Business 
Day 
Convention/[specify other]]/[Not Applicable] 
 
(iii) 
Additional Business Centre(s): 
 
 
(a) 
To Maturity Date: 
[          ]/[Not Applicable] 
 
(b) 
From Maturity Date up to 
Statutory 
Extended 
Maturity Date: 
[Not Applicable]/[         ] 
 
(iv) 
Manner in which the Rate of Interest 
and Interest Amount is to be 
determined:

--- Page 106 ---
0081160-0000146 UKO2: 2008138142.9 
106 
 
 
(a) 
To Maturity Date: 
[Screen 
Rate 
Determination]/[ISDA 
Determination]/[Not Applicable] 
 
(b) 
From Maturity Date up to 
Statutory 
Extended 
Maturity Date: 
[Not 
Applicable]/[Screen 
Rate 
Determination]/ISDA Determination] 
 
(v) 
Party responsible for calculating the 
Rate of Interest and Interest Amount 
(if not the Fiscal Agent): 
 
 
(a) 
To Maturity Date: 
[Not Applicable]/[            ] 
 
(b) 
From Maturity Date up to 
Statutory 
Extended 
Maturity Date: 
[Not Applicable]/[ 
] 
 
(vi) 
Screen Rate Determination: 
 
 
(a) 
To Maturity Date: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
− 
Reference Rate: 
[[[ 
] month] [EURIBOR / SONIA / SOFR /
STIBOR / NIBOR / CIBOR/specify other]]/[Not 
Applicable] 
 
− 
Relevant 
Financial 
Centre: 
[        ] 
 
− 
Interest Determination 
Date(s): 
[ 
]/[Not Applicable] 
(In the case of EURIBOR): [Second day on which 
T2 is open prior to the start of each Interest 
Period] 
(In the case of SONIA): [Condition 3(b)(ii)(C) 
applies] 
(In the case of SOFR, specify): [Condition 
3(b)(ii)(D) applies] 
(In the case of STIBOR): [Second Stockholm 
business day prior to the start of each Interest 
Period] 
(In the case of NIBOR): [Second Oslo business 
day prior to the start of each Interest Period] 
(In the case of CIBOR): [First day of each Interest 
Period] 
 
− 
Index Determination: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
− 
Relevant Number: 
[[5/[    ]] [[London Banking Days][U.S. Government 
Securities Business Days]/[Not Applicable]

--- Page 107 ---
0081160-0000146 UKO2: 2008138142.9 
107 
 
(If ‘Index Determination’ is ‘Not Applicable’ delete 
‘Relevant Number’ and complete the remaining 
bullets below) 
(If ‘Index Determination’ is ‘Applicable’ insert
number of days (expected to be five or greater) as 
the Relevant Number, and the remaining bullets 
below will each be ‘Not Applicable’) 
 
− 
“D”: 
[365/[     ]]/[Not Applicable] 
 
− 
Observation Method: 
[Lag/Lock-out/Observation Shift/Not Applicable] 
 
− 
Lag Period: 
[5/[    ] [London Banking Days] [U.S. Government 
Securities Business Days]][Not Applicable]      
 
− 
Observation 
Shift 
Period: 
[5/[    ] [London Banking Days] [U.S. Government 
Securities Business Days]][Not Applicable] 
(N.B. A minimum of 5 relevant business/banking 
days should be specified for the Lag Period or 
Observation Shift Period, unless otherwise 
agreed with the Fiscal Agent/Calculation Agent) 
 
− 
Relevant Screen Page: [ 
]/[Not Applicable] 
(In the case of EURIBOR, if not Reuters Screen 
EURIBOR 01 (or any successor page) ensure it is 
a page which shows a composite rate or amend 
the fallback provisions appropriately) 
 
− 
Specified Time: 
[ 
] 
 
− 
“p”: 
[[ ] [London Banking Days/U.S.  Government 
Securities Business Days]/Not Applicable] 
 
(b) 
From Maturity Date up to 
Statutory 
Extended 
Maturity Date: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
− 
Reference Rate: 
[[[ 
] month] [EURIBOR / SONIA / SOFR /
STIBOR / NIBOR / CIBOR]/[Not Applicable]  
(Either EURIBOR, STIBOR, NIBOR, CIBOR or
other, although additional information is required 
if other – including the fallback provisions in the 
Agency Agreement) 
 
− 
Relevant 
Financial 
Centre: 
[    ] 
 
− 
Interest Determination 
Date(s): 
[ 
]/[Not Applicable]

--- Page 108 ---
0081160-0000146 UKO2: 2008138142.9 
108 
 
(In the case of EURIBOR): [Second day on which 
T2 is open prior to the start of each Interest 
Period] 
(In the case of SONIA): [Condition 3(b)(ii)(C) 
applies] 
(In the case of SOFR): [Condition 3(b)(ii)(D) 
applies] 
(In the case of STIBOR): [Second Stockholm 
business day prior to the start of each Interest 
Period] 
(In the case of NIBOR): [Second Oslo business 
day prior to the start of each Interest Period] 
(In the case of CIBOR): [First day of each Interest 
Period] 
 
− 
Index Determination: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
− 
Relevant Number: 
[[5/[       ]] [[London Banking Days]/[U.S.
Government Securities Business Days]/[Not 
Applicable] 
(If ‘Index Determination’ is ‘Not Applicable’, delete 
‘Relevant Number’ and complete the remaining 
bullets below) 
(If ‘Index Determination’ is ‘Applicable’, insert 
number of days (expected to be five or greater) as 
the Relevant Number, and the remaining bullets 
below will each be ‘Not Applicable’) 
 
− 
“D”: 
[365/      ]]/[Not Applicable] 
 
− 
Observation Method: 
[Lag/Lock-out/Onservation Shift/Not Applicable] 
 
− 
Lag Period: 
[5/[    ] [London Banking Days] [U.S. Government 
Securities Business Days]][Not Applicable] 
 
− 
Observation 
Shift 
Period: 
[5/[    ] [London Banking Days] [U.S. Government 
Securities Business Days]][Not Applicable] 
(N.B. A minimum of 5 relevant business/banking 
days should be specified for the Lag Period or 
Observation Shift Period, unless otherwise 
agreed with the Fiscal Agent/Calculation Agent) 
 
− 
Relevant Screen Page: [ 
]/[Not Applicable] 
(In the case of EURIBOR, if not Reuters Screen 
EURIBOR 01 (or any successor page) ensure it is

--- Page 109 ---
0081160-0000146 UKO2: 2008138142.9 
109 
 
a page which shows a composite rate or amend 
the fallback provisions appropriately) 
 
− 
Specified Time: 
[ 
] 
 
− 
“p”: 
[[ ] [London Banking Days/U.S. Government 
Securities Business Days]/Not Applicable] 
 
(vii) 
ISDA Determination 
 
 
(a) 
To Maturity Date: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
− 
Floating Rate Option: 
[ 
]/[Not Applicable] 
 
− 
Designated Maturity: 
[ 
]/[Not Applicable] 
 
− 
Reset Date: 
[ 
]/[Not Applicable] 
(In the case of EURIBOR based option, the first 
day of the Interest Period) 
(N.B. The fallback provisions applicable to ISDA 
Determination under the 2006 ISDA Definitions 
are reliant upon the provision by reference banks 
of offered quotations for EURIBOR which,
depending on market circumstances, may not be 
available at the relevant time) 
 
(b) 
From Maturity Date up to 
Statutory 
Extended 
Maturity Date: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
− 
Floating Rate Option: 
[ 
]/[Not Applicable] 
 
− 
Designated Maturity: 
[ 
]/[Not Applicable] 
 
− 
Reset Date: 
[ 
]/[Not Applicable] 
(In the case of EURIBOR based option, the first 
day of the Interest Period) 
 
(viii) 
Linear Interpolation: 
 
 
(a) 
To Maturity Date: 
[Not Applicable/Applicable - the Rate of Interest 
for the [long/short] [first/last] Interest Period shall 
be calculated using Linear Interpolation (specify 
for each short or long interest period)] 
 
(b) 
From Maturity Date up to 
Statutory 
Extended 
Maturity Date: 
[Not Applicable/Applicable - the Rate of Interest 
for the [long/short] [first/last] Interest Period shall 
be calculated using Linear Interpolation (specify 
for each short or long interest period)] 
 
(ix) 
Margin(s):

--- Page 110 ---
0081160-0000146 UKO2: 2008138142.9 
110 
 
 
(a) 
To Maturity Date: 
[[+/-][ 
] per cent. per annum]/[Not Applicable] 
 
(b) 
From Maturity Date up to 
Statutory 
Extended 
Maturity Date: 
[Not Applicable]/[[+/-][ 
] per cent. per annum] 
 
(x) 
Minimum Rate of Interest: 
 
 
(a) 
To Maturity Date: 
[0 per cent.]/[[ 
] per cent. per annum]/[Not 
Applicable] 
 
(b) 
From Maturity Date up to 
Statutory 
Extended 
Maturity Date: 
[Not Applicable]/[[ 
] per cent. per annum] 
 
(xi) 
Maximum Rate of Interest: 
 
 
(a) 
To Maturity Date: 
[Not Applicable]/[       ] per cent. per annum 
 
(b) 
From Maturity Date up to 
Statutory 
Extended 
Maturity Date: 
[Not Applicable]/[       ] per cent. per annum 
 
(xii) 
Day Count Fraction: 
 
 
(a) 
To Maturity Date: 
[Not Applicable]/[Actual/365] 
[Actual/Actual] 
Actual/365 (Fixed) 
Actual/365 (Sterling) 
Actual/360 
[30/360]/[360/360]/[Bond Basis] 
[30E/360]/[Eurobond Basis] 
 
(b) 
From Maturity Date up to 
Statutory 
Extended 
Maturity Date: 
[Not Applicable]/[Actual/365] 
[Actual/Actual] 
Actual/365 (Fixed) 
Actual/365 (Sterling) 
Actual/360 
[30/360]/[360/360]/[Bond Basis] 
[30E/360]/[Eurobond Basis]

--- Page 111 ---
0081160-0000146 UKO2: 2008138142.9 
111 
 
 
(xiii) 
Fallback 
provisions, 
rounding 
provisions and any other terms 
relating to the method of calculating 
interest on Floating Rate Covered 
Bonds which are Exempt Covered 
Bonds, if different from those set out 
in the Conditions: 
[ 
] 
 
(xiv) 
Benchmark 
Discontinuation 
–
Independent Adviser: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
(xv) 
Benchmark 
Discontinuation 
–
ARRC: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(If the Reference Rate for the Floating Rate 
Covered 
Bonds 
is 
“SOFR” 
“Benchmark 
Discontinuation – ARRC” should be specified as 
applicable) 
 
Zero Coupon Covered Bond Provisions 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(If 15 is not applicable, select Not Applicable in 
the remaining sub-paragraphs of this paragraph) 
 
(i) 
Accrual Yield: 
[[ 
] per cent. per annum]/[Not Applicable] 
 
(ii) 
Reference Price: 
[ 
]/[Not Applicable] 
 
(iii) 
Any 
other 
formula/basis 
of 
determining amount payable for 
Zero Coupon Covered Bonds which 
are Exempt Covered Bonds: 
[ 
] 
 
(iv) 
Day Count Fraction in relation to 
Early Redemption Amounts and late 
payment: 
[30/360] 
[Actual/360] 
[Actual/365] 
[Not Applicable] 
PROVISIONS RELATING TO REDEMPTION 
 
Issuer Call 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(If 16 is not applicable, select Not Applicable in 
the remaining sub-paragraphs of this paragraph) 
 
(i) 
Optional Redemption Date(s): 
[ 
]/[Not Applicable] 
 
(ii) 
Optional Redemption Amount(s): 
[[ 
] 
per 
Calculation 
Amount]/[Not 
Applicable] 
 
(iii) 
If redeemable in part:

--- Page 112 ---
0081160-0000146 UKO2: 2008138142.9 
112 
 
 
Minimum Redemption Amount: 
[[ 
] 
per 
Calculation 
Amount]/[Not 
Applicable] 
 
Higher Redemption Amount: 
[[ 
] 
per 
Calculation 
Amount]/[Not 
Applicable] 
 
(iv) 
Notice period (if other than as set 
out in the Conditions): 
[Minimum period:[ ] days Maximum period: [ ] 
days] [Not Applicable] 
(N.B. when setting notice periods, the Issuer is 
advised 
to 
consider 
the 
practicalities 
of 
distribution of information through intermediaries, 
for example, clearing systems (which require a 
minimum of 5 clearing system business days’ 
notice for a call) and custodians, as well as any 
other notice requirements which may apply, for 
example, as between the Issuer and the Fiscal 
Agent or the Covered Bondholders) 
 
Investor Put 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(If 17 is not applicable, select Not Applicable in 
the remaining sub-paragraphs of this paragraph) 
 
(i) 
Optional Redemption Date(s): 
[ 
]/[Not Applicable] 
 
(ii) 
Optional Redemption Amount(s): 
[[ 
] 
per 
Calculation 
Amount]/[Not 
Applicable] 
 
(iii) 
Notice period (if other than as set 
out in the Conditions): 
[ 
]/[Not Applicable] 
(N.B. When setting notice periods, the Issuer is 
advised 
to 
consider 
the 
practicalities 
of 
distribution of information through intermediaries, 
for example, clearing systems (which require a 
minimum of 15 clearing system business days’ 
notice for a put) and custodians, as well as any 
other notice requirements which may apply, for 
example, as between the Issuer and the Fiscal 
Agent or the Covered Bondholders) 
 
Final Redemption Amount of each Covered 
Bond: 
[ 
] per Calculation Amount 
 
Early 
Redemption 
Amount(s) 
per 
Calculation Amount payable on redemption 
for taxation reasons or on event of default: 
[ 
] per Calculation Amount 
(N.B if the Final Redemption Amount is 100 per 
cent. of the nominal value (i.e. par), the Early 
Redemption Amount is likely to be par (but 
consider). If, however, the Final Redemption 
Amount is other than 100 per cent. of the nominal 
value, consideration should be given as to what 
the Early Redemption Amount should be.)

--- Page 113 ---
0081160-0000146 UKO2: 2008138142.9 
113 
 
GENERAL PROVISIONS APPLICABLE TO THE COVERED BONDS 
 
Form of Covered Bonds: 
 
 
(i) 
Form: 
[Bearer Covered Bonds: 
Temporary 
Bearer 
Global 
Covered 
Bond 
exchangeable for a Permanent Bearer Global 
Covered Bond which is exchangeable for 
Definitive Bearer Covered Bonds [on not less than 
60 days’ notice given at any time/only upon an 
Exchange Event]] 
[Temporary 
Bearer 
Global 
Covered 
Bond 
exchangeable for Definitive Covered Bonds on 
and after the Exchange Date on [ 
] 
days’ 
notice given at any time] 
[Registered Covered Bonds: 
Registered Global Covered Bond [ 
] 
nominal amount registered in the name [a 
common 
depositary 
for 
Euroclear 
and 
Clearstream, Luxembourg/a common safekeeper 
for Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg] / 
Definitive Registered Covered Bonds (specify 
nominal amounts)] 
[VP 
Systems 
Covered 
Bonds 
issued 
in 
uncertificated and dematerialised book entry 
form] 
 
(ii) 
New Global Covered Bond: 
[Yes] [No] 
 
Additional Financial Centre(s): 
[Not Applicable/indicate the Additional Financial 
Centres] 
(Note that this paragraph relates to the date of 
payment, and not the end dates of Interest 
Periods for the purposes of calculating the 
amount of interest to which item 14(iii)) relates) 
 
Talons for future Coupons to be attached to 
Definitive Covered Bonds (and dates on 
which such Talons mature): 
[Yes, as the Covered Bonds have more than 27 
coupon payments, Talons may be required if, on 
exchange into definitive form more than 27 
coupon payments are still to be made/No.] 
 
RESPONSIBILITY 
The Issuer accepts responsibility for the information contained in this Pricing Supplement. [Relevant 
third party information] has been extracted from [specify source]. The Issuer confirms that such 
information has been accurately reproduced and that, so far as it is aware and is able to ascertain from

--- Page 114 ---
0081160-0000146 UKO2: 2008138142.9 
114 
 
information published by [specify source], no facts have been omitted which would render the 
reproduced information inaccurate or misleading. 
Signed on behalf of the Issuer: 
 
 
 
By: .............................................. 
Duly authorised

--- Page 115 ---
0081160-0000146 UKO2: 2008138142.9 
115 
 
PART B – OTHER INFORMATION 
 
LISTING AND ADMISSION TO TRADING 
 
(i) 
Listing and admission to trading: 
[Not Applicable][ 
] 
 
(ii) 
Estimate of total expenses related 
to admission to trading: 
[Not Applicable][ 
] 
 
RATINGS: 
The Covered Bonds to be issued [[have 
been]/[are expected to be ]] rated [insert details]
by [insert the legal name of the relevant credit 
rating agency entity(ies)]].][Not Applicable] 
[[Each of] [insert name of relevant UK CRA] 
[is][are] established in the United Kingdom and 
[is][are] registered in accordance with Regulation 
(EC) No. 1060/2009 as it forms part of domestic 
law by virtue of the European Union (Withdrawal) 
Act 2018 (the “UK CRA Regulation”).] [[insert 
name of relevant UK CRA] is not established in 
the EEA and has not applied for registration under 
Regulation (EC) No. 1060/2009 (as amended) 
(the “CRA Regulation”). The ratings issued by 
[insert name of relevant UK CRA] have been 
endorsed by [insert name of relevant EEA CRA] 
in accordance with the CRA Regulation. [insert 
name of relevant EEA CRA] is established in the 
EEA and registered under the CRA Regulation.] 
 
INTERESTS OF NATURAL AND LEGAL PERSONS INVOLVED IN THE ISSUE: 
 
[Save for the fees [of [insert relevant fee disclosure]] payable to the [Managers/Dealers], so far
as the Issuer is aware, no person involved in the issue of the Covered Bonds has an interest
material to the offer. The [Managers/Dealers] and their affiliates have engaged, and may in the
future engage, in investment banking and/or commercial banking transactions with, and may
perform other services for the Issuer and its affiliates in the ordinary course of business.]
[Amend as appropriate if there are other interests] 
 
 
OPERATIONAL INFORMATION: 
 
(i) 
ISIN: 
[ 
] 
 
(ii) 
Common Code: 
[ 
] 
 
(iii) 
CFI: 
[[See/[[include code], as updated, as set out on] 
the website of the Association of National 
Numbering Agencies (ANNA) or alternatively 
sourced from the responsible National Numbering 
Agency that assigned the ISIN/Not Applicable/Not 
Available]

--- Page 116 ---
0081160-0000146 UKO2: 2008138142.9 
116 
 
 
(iv) 
FISN: 
[[See/[[include code], as updated, as set out on] 
the website of the Association of National 
Numbering Agencies (ANNA) or alternatively 
sourced from the responsible National Numbering 
Agency that assigned the ISIN/Not Applicable/Not 
Available] 
 
(v) 
Any clearing system(s) other than 
Euroclear, 
Clearstream, 
Luxembourg (together with the 
address of each such clearing 
system) 
and 
the 
relevant 
identification number(s): 
[Not 
Applicable/(give 
name(s) 
and 
number(s))/Verdipapirsentralen, Norway. VPS
identification number: [ ]./ 
Vaerdipapircentralen, Denmark. VP identification 
number: [ ]./VPC, Sweden, VPC identification 
number: [ ].] The Issuer shall be entitled to obtain 
certain information from the register maintained 
by VPS, VP or VPC (as the case may be) for the 
purposes of performing its obligations under the 
issue of VPS, VP or VPC (as the case may be) 
Covered Bonds] 
 
(vi) 
Delivery: 
Delivery [against/free of] payment 
 
(vii) 
Names and addresses of additional 
Paying Agent(s) (if any): 
[ 
] 
 
(viii) 
Intended to be held in a manner 
which would allow Eurosystem 
eligibility: 
[Yes. Note that the designation “yes” simply 
means that the Covered Bonds are intended upon 
issue to be deposited with one of the ICSDs as 
common safekeeper[, and registered in the name 
of a nominee of one of the ICSDs acting as 
common safekeeper,] (include this text for 
registered Covered Bonds)] and does not 
necessarily mean that the Covered Bonds will be 
recognised as eligible collateral for Eurosystem 
monetary policy and intra-day credit operations by 
the Eurosystem either upon issue or at any or all 
times during their life. Such recognition will 
depend upon the ECB being satisfied that 
Eurosystem eligibility criteria have been met.]/ 
[No. Whilst the designation is specified as “no” at 
the date of the Pricing Supplement, should the 
Eurosystem eligibility criteria be amended in the 
future such that the Covered Bonds are capable 
of meeting them the Covered Bonds may then be 
deposited with one of the ICSDs as common 
safekeeper[, and registered in the name of a 
nominee of one of the ICSDs acting as common 
safekeeper,] (include this text for registered 
Covered Bonds)]. Note that this does not 
necessarily mean that the Covered Bonds will be 
recognised as eligible collateral for Eurosystem 
monetary policy and intra-day credit operations by

--- Page 117 ---
0081160-0000146 UKO2: 2008138142.9 
117 
 
the Eurosystem either upon issue or at any or all 
times during their life. Such recognition will 
depend upon the ECB being satisfied that 
Eurosystem eligibility criteria have been met.] 
 
DISTRIBUTION 
 
(i) 
Method of distribution: 
[Syndicated]/[Non-syndicated] 
 
(ii) 
If syndicated, names of Managers: [Not Applicable/give names] 
 
(iii) 
Date of Subscription Agreement: 
[ 
] 
 
(iv) 
If non-syndicated, name of relevant 
Dealer: 
[Not Applicable/give name] 
 
(v) 
U.S. Selling restrictions: 
[TEFRA D/TEFRA C/TEFRA not applicable] 
 
(vi) 
Prohibition of Sales to EEA Retail 
Investors: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(If the Exempt Covered Bonds clearly do not 
constitute “packaged” products, “Not Applicable” 
should be specified. If the Exempt Covered Bonds 
may constitute “packaged” products, “Applicable” 
should be specified.) 
 
(vii) 
Prohibition of Sales to UK Retail 
Investors: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(If the Exempt Covered Bonds clearly do not 
constitute “packaged” products, “Not Applicable” 
should be specified. If the Exempt Covered Bonds 
may constitute “packaged” products, “Applicable” 
should be specified.) 
 
(viii) 
[Prohibition of Sales to Belgium 
Consumers: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(N.B. advice should be taken from Belgian 
counsel before disapplying this selling restriction)]

--- Page 118 ---
0081160-0000146 UKO2: 2008138142.9 
118 
 
 
TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THE COVERED BONDS 
The following are the Terms and Conditions of the Covered Bonds which will be incorporated 
by reference into each global Covered Bond and each definitive Covered Bond, in the latter case only 
if permitted by the relevant stock exchange or other relevant authority (if any) and agreed by the Issuer 
and the relevant Dealer(s) at the time of issue but, if not so permitted and agreed, such definitive 
Covered Bond will have endorsed thereon or attached thereto such Terms and Conditions. The 
following Terms and Conditions will be applicable to each VP Systems Covered Bonds. VP Systems 
Covered Bonds will not be evidenced by any physical covered bond or document of title other than 
statements of account made by VPS, VP or VPC (as the case may be). Ownership of VP Systems 
Covered Bonds will be recorded and transfer effected only through the book entry system and register 
maintained by VPS, VP or VPC (as the case may be). The Applicable Pricing Supplement in relation to 
any Tranche of Exempt Covered Bonds may specify other Terms and Conditions, replace or modify the 
following Terms and Conditions for the purpose of such Covered Bonds. The applicable Final Terms 
(or the relevant provisions thereof) will be endorsed upon, or attached to, each global Covered Bond 
and definitive Covered Bond. Reference should be made to “Applicable Final Terms” or “Applicable 
Pricing Supplement” for a description of the content of the Final Terms or the Pricing Supplement, as 
the case may be, which will specify which of such terms are to apply in relation to the relevant Covered 
Bonds. 
This Covered Bond is one of a Series (as defined below) of Covered Bonds issued by DNB 
Boligkreditt AS (the “Issuer”) pursuant to an Agency Agreement (as amended and restated on 20 June 
2008, 19 June 2009, 17 June 2010, 17 June 2011, 8 June 2012, 1 July 2013, 27 June 2014, 1 July 
2015, 5 February 2018, 22 June 2018, 17 June 2020, 18 June 2021, 25 July 2022, 10 July 2023 and 
27 June 2024 and as may be further amended or supplemented from time to time, the “Agency 
Agreement”) dated 25 June 2007 between the Issuer, Citibank, N.A. as fiscal agent and the other 
agents named in it and with the benefit of a Deed of Covenant (as amended and restated on 1 July 
2013 and as further amended, restated, modified and/or supplemented from time to time, the “Deed of 
Covenant”) dated 25 June 2007 executed by the Issuer in relation to the Covered Bonds. 
References herein to the “Covered Bonds” shall be references to the Covered Bonds of this 
Series and shall mean: 
(i) 
in relation to any Covered Bonds represented by a global Covered Bond, units of each 
Specified Denomination in the Specified Currency; 
(ii) 
(in the case of Bearer Covered Bonds) definitive Bearer Covered Bonds issued in 
exchange (or part exchange) for a global Covered Bond; 
(iii) 
(in the case of Registered Covered Bonds) definitive Registered Covered Bonds; 
(iv) 
any global Covered Bond; 
(v) 
Bearer Covered Bonds which are denominated in Swiss Francs (“Swiss Domestic 
Covered Bonds”) unless otherwise specified in the applicable Final Terms will be 
represented by a permanent global Covered Bond (a “Swiss Global Covered Bond”) 
which will be deposited with SIX SIS AG, the Swiss Securities Services Corporation 
located in Olten, Switzerland (“SIX SIS AG” or, as the case may be, any other 
intermediary in Switzerland recognised for such purposes by SIX Swiss Exchange AG 
(“SIX Swiss Exchange”) or any such other intermediary, the “Intermediary”) until final 
redemption or the printing of the definitive Covered Bonds; and

--- Page 119 ---
0081160-0000146 UKO2: 2008138142.9 
119 
 
 
(vi) 
Covered Bonds registered in accordance with section 3-1 of the Norwegian Securities 
Depository Act of 15 March 2019 no. 6 in a Securities Depository approved or 
acknowledged under the EU central securities depositories (CSD) regulation 
(Regulation (EU) No 909/2014 of 23 July 2014 on improving securities settlement in 
the European Union and on central securities depositories and amending Directives 
98/26/EC and 2014/65/EU and Regulation (EU) No 236/2012) which, unless otherwise 
specified in the applicable Final Terms, will be the Verdipapirsentralen ASA (trading as 
Euronext Securities Oslo) (“VPS”), VP Securities Services (Værdipapircentralen A/S), 
the Danish central securities depository (“VP”), Nordic Central Securities Depository 
(NCSD Systems Aktiebolag), the Swedish central securities depository (“VPC”) and/or 
any other clearing system as may be specified in the applicable Final Terms (as the 
case may be) (together “VP Systems Covered Bonds”). 
The fiscal agent, the paying agents, the registrar, the transfer agents and the calculations 
agent(s) for the time being (if any) are referred to below respectively as the “Fiscal Agent”, the “Paying 
Agents” (which expression shall include the Fiscal Agent), the “Registrar”, the “Transfer Agents” and 
the “Calculation Agent(s)”. Each Tranche of VP Systems Covered Bonds will be created and held in 
uncertificated book entry form in accounts with VPS, VPC or VP (as the case may be). The Bank, 
Verdipapirservice (the “VPS Account Manager”) and/or any other agent appointed by the Issuer from 
time to time (together with the VPS Account Manager, each being a “VP Systems Account Manager”) 
will act as agent of the Issuer in respect of all dealings with VPS, VP or VPC (as the case may be) in 
relation to VP Systems Covered Bonds. 
In respect of Swiss Domestic Covered Bonds, the principal Swiss paying agent (the “Principal 
Swiss Paying Agent”) and the other Swiss paying agents (the “Swiss Paying Agents”, which 
expression shall include the Principal Swiss Paying Agent) will be specified in the applicable Final 
Terms, which entities shall act as Fiscal Agent and Paying Agents, respectively, in respect of the Swiss 
Domestic Covered Bonds and the expressions “Fiscal Agent” and “Paying Agents” as used herein 
shall be construed accordingly. In respect of each issue of Swiss Domestic Covered Bonds, the Issuer 
shall enter into a Supplemental Agency Agreement (substantially in the form of Schedule 12 to the 
Agency Agreement) with, inter alia, the Principal Swiss Paying Agent and any other Swiss Paying 
Agents. 
Interest bearing definitive Bearer Covered Bonds have interest coupons (“Coupons”) and, if 
indicated in the applicable Final Terms, talons for further Coupons (“Talons”) attached on issue. Any 
reference herein to Coupons or coupons shall, unless the context otherwise requires, be deemed to 
include a reference to Talons or talons. Registered Covered Bonds, in definitive or global form, do not 
have Coupons attached on issue. 
The final terms for this Covered Bond (or the relevant provisions thereof) are set out in Part A 
of the Final Terms which are (except in the case of VP Systems Covered Bonds) attached to or 
endorsed on this Covered Bond which complete these Terms and Conditions (the “Conditions”) or if 
this Covered Bond is a Covered Bond which is neither admitted to trading on a regulated market in the 
European Economic Area nor offered in the European Economic Area in circumstances where a 
prospectus is required to be published under the Prospectus Regulation nor a Swiss Domestic Covered 
Bond (an “Exempt Covered Bond”), the final terms (or relevant provisions thereof) are set out in Part 
A of the Pricing Supplement and may specify other terms and conditions which shall, to the extent so 
specified or to the extent inconsistent with the Conditions, replace or modify the Conditions for the 
purposes of this Covered Bond. References to the “applicable Final Terms” are to Part A of the Final 
Terms (or the relevant provisions thereof) which are (except in the case of VP Systems Covered Bonds) 
attached to or endorsed on this Covered Bond. Any reference in these Conditions to “applicable Final 
Terms” shall be deemed to include a reference to “applicable Pricing Supplement” where relevant. 
The expression “Prospectus Regulation” means Regulation (EU) 2017/1129.

--- Page 120 ---
0081160-0000146 UKO2: 2008138142.9 
120 
 
 
Any reference to “Covered Bondholders” or “Bondholders” shall mean the holders of the 
Covered Bonds, and such expression shall, in relation to any Covered Bonds represented by a global 
Covered Bond and in relation to VP Systems Covered Bonds, be construed as provided below; any 
reference herein to “Couponholders” means the holders of the Coupons, and shall, unless the context 
otherwise requires, include the holders of Talons). VP Systems Covered Bonds are in dematerialised 
form: any references in these Terms and Conditions to Coupons and Talons shall not apply to VP 
Systems Covered Bonds and no global or definitive Covered Bonds will be issued in respect thereof. 
These Terms and Conditions shall be construed accordingly. 
As used herein, “Tranche” means Covered Bonds which are identical in all respects (including 
as to listing and admission to trading) and “Series” means a Tranche of Covered Bonds together with 
any further Tranche or Tranches of Covered Bonds which (i) are expressed to be consolidated and form 
a single series and (ii) have the same terms and conditions or terms and conditions which are the same 
in all respects save for the amount and date of the first payment of interest thereon and the date from 
which interest starts to accrue. 
The Covered Bondholders and the Couponholders are entitled to the benefit of the Deed of 
Covenant made by the Issuer. The original of the Deed of Covenant is held by the common  depositary 
for Euroclear (as defined below) and Clearstream, Luxembourg (as defined below). 
Copies of the Agency Agreement and the Deed of Covenant are available for inspection during 
normal business hours at the specified office of each of the Paying Agents, the Registrar and the 
Transfer Agents. 
If this Covered Bond is admitted to trading on the regulated market of Euronext Dublin, the 
applicable 
Final 
Terms 
will 
be 
published 
on 
the 
website 
of 
Euronext 
Dublin 
at 
https://www.euronext.com/en/markets/dublin. If this Covered Bond is an Exempt Covered Bond, the 
applicable Pricing Supplement will only be obtainable by a Covered Bondholder holding one or more 
Covered Bonds and such Covered Bondholder must produce evidence satisfactory to the Issuer and 
the relevant Paying Agent as to its holding of such Covered Bonds and identity. The Covered 
Bondholders and the Couponholders are deemed to have notice of all the provisions of the Agency 
Agreement and the applicable Final Terms which are applicable to them. The statements in these Terms 
and Conditions include summaries of, and are subject to, the detailed provisions of the Agency 
Agreement. 
Words and expressions defined in the Agency Agreement or used in the applicable Final Terms 
shall have the same meanings where used in the Conditions unless the context otherwise requires or 
unless otherwise stated and provided that in the event of any inconsistency between the Agency 
Agreement and the applicable Final Terms, the applicable Final Terms will prevail. 
1 
Form, Denomination and Title 
The Covered Bonds are in bearer form (“Bearer Covered Bonds”), registered form 
(“Registered Covered Bonds”) or, in the case of VP Systems Covered Bonds, uncertificated book 
entry form, as specified in the applicable Final Terms and, in the case of definitive Covered Bonds, 
serially numbered, in the Specified Currency and the Specified Denomination(s). Save as provided in 
Condition 9 (Transfer and Exchange of Registered Covered Bonds), Covered Bonds of one Specified 
Denomination may not be exchanged for Covered Bonds of another Specified Denomination. 
Bearer Covered Bonds may not be exchanged for Registered Covered Bonds and vice versa. 
VP Systems Covered Bonds may not be exchanged for Bearer Covered Bonds or Registered Covered 
Bonds and vice versa.

--- Page 121 ---
0081160-0000146 UKO2: 2008138142.9 
121 
 
 
This Covered Bond is a Fixed Rate Covered Bond, a Floating Rate Covered Bond or a Zero 
Coupon Covered Bond, depending upon the Interest Basis shown in the applicable Final Terms. 
Where the applicable Final Terms specifies that Statutory Extended Maturity applies to a Series 
of Covered Bonds, those Covered Bonds may be Fixed Rate Covered Bonds or Floating Rate Covered 
Bonds, depending upon the Interest Basis shown in the applicable Final Terms in respect of the period 
from the Issue Date to and including the Maturity Date, and Fixed Rate Covered Bonds or Floating Rate 
Covered Bonds, depending upon the Interest Basis shown in the applicable Final Terms in respect of 
the period from the Maturity Date up to and including the Statutory Extended Maturity Date, subject as 
specified in the applicable Final Terms. 
Definitive Bearer Covered Bonds are issued with Coupons attached, unless they are Zero 
Coupon Covered Bonds and Statutory Extended Maturity is not specified in the applicable Final Terms 
to the relevant Series of Covered Bonds, in which case references to Coupons and Couponholders in 
these Terms and Conditions are not applicable. 
Subject as set out below, title to the Bearer Covered Bonds and Coupons will pass by delivery, 
and title to the Registered Covered Bonds will pass upon registration of transfers in accordance with 
the provisions of the Agency Agreement. The Issuer and the Replacement Agent (as defined in the 
Agency Agreement), the Registrar, any Transfer Agent and any Paying Agent will (except as otherwise 
required by law) deem and treat the bearer of any Bearer Covered Bond or Coupon and the registered 
holder of any Registered Covered Bond as the absolute owner thereof (whether or not overdue and 
notwithstanding any notice of ownership or writing thereon or notice of any previous loss or theft thereof) 
for all purposes but, in the case of any global Covered Bond, without prejudice to the provisions set out 
in the next succeeding paragraph, and the expressions “Covered Bondholder” and “holder of 
Covered Bonds” and related expressions shall be construed accordingly. The holder of a VP Systems 
Covered Bonds will be the person evidenced as such by a book entry in the records of VPS, VP or VPC 
(as the case may be). Title to the VP Systems Covered Bonds will pass by registration in the registers 
between the direct or indirect accountholders at VPS, VP or VPC (as the case may be) in accordance 
with the rules and procedures of VPS, VP or VPC (as the case may be). Where a nominee is so 
evidenced, it shall be treated by the Issuer as the holder of the relevant VP Systems Covered Bonds. 
For so long as any of the Covered Bonds is represented by a bearer global Covered Bond held 
on behalf of Euroclear Bank SA/NV (“Euroclear”) and/or Clearstream Banking S.A. (“Clearstream, 
Luxembourg”) and/or SIX SIS AG or for so long as any of the Covered Bonds is represented by a 
registered global Covered Bond deposited with a common depositary or common safekeeper for 
Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg or its nominee is the registered holder of a Registered Global 
Covered Bond or so long as the Covered Bond is a VP Systems Covered Bond, each person (other 
than Euroclear or Clearstream, Luxembourg) who is for the time being shown in the records of Euroclear 
or Clearstream, Luxembourg, SIX SIS AG, VPS, VP or VPC, as the case may be, as the holder of a 
particular nominal amount of such Covered Bonds (in which regard any certificate or other document 
issued by such clearing system as to the nominal amount of such Covered Bonds standing to the 
account of any person shall, save in the case of manifest error, be conclusive and binding for all 
purposes, including any form of statement or print out of electronic records provided by the relevant 
clearing system in accordance with its usual procedures and in which the holder of a particular nominal 
amount of such Covered Bonds is clearly identified together with the amount of such holding) shall be 
treated by the Issuer, the Fiscal Agent, the Replacement Agent and any other Paying Agent as the 
holder of such nominal amount of such Covered Bonds for all  purposes other than (in the case only of 
Covered Bonds not being VP Systems Covered Bonds) with respect to the payment of principal or 
interest on the Covered Bonds, for which purpose, (i) in the case of Covered Bonds represented by a 
bearer global Covered Bond, the bearer of the relevant bearer global Covered Bond or, (ii) in the case 
of Covered Bonds represented by a registered global Covered Bond, deposited with a common 
depositary or common safekeeper for Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg, such common 
depositary or common safekeeper, shall be treated by the Issuer, the Fiscal Agent and any other Paying

--- Page 122 ---
0081160-0000146 UKO2: 2008138142.9 
122 
 
 
Agent as the holder of such Covered Bonds in accordance with and subject to the terms of the relevant 
global Covered Bond and the expressions “Covered Bondholder” and “holder of Covered Bonds” 
and related expressions shall be construed accordingly. 
Swiss Domestic Covered Bonds will be represented upon issue by a Swiss Global Covered 
Bond which will be deposited with the Intermediary until final redemption or the printing of definitive 
Covered Bonds. 
Once the Swiss Global Covered Bond is deposited with the Intermediary and entered into the 
accounts of one or more participants of the Intermediary, the Swiss Domestic Covered Bond will 
constitute intermediated securities (Bucheffekten) (“Intermediated Securities”) in accordance with the 
provisions of the Swiss Federal Intermediated Securities Act (Bucheffektengesetz). 
Each holder (as such term shall be construed in accordance with the following paragraph) of 
Swiss Domestic Covered Bonds shall have a quotal co-ownership interest (Miteigentumsanteil) in the 
Swiss Global Covered Bond to the extent of their claim against the Issuer, provided that for so long as 
the Swiss Global Covered Bond remains deposited with the Intermediary the co-ownership interest shall 
be suspended and the Swiss Domestic Covered Bonds may only be transferred or otherwise disposed 
of in accordance with the provisions of the Swiss Federal Intermediated Securities Act 
(Bucheffektengesetz), i.e., by the entry of the transferred Swiss Domestic Covered Bonds in a securities 
account of the transferee. 
The records of the Intermediary will determine the number of Swiss Domestic Covered Bonds 
held through each participant in that Intermediary. In respect of the Swiss Domestic Covered Bonds 
held in the form of Intermediated Securities, the holders of the Swiss Domestic Covered Bonds will be 
the persons holding the Swiss Domestic Covered Bonds in a securities account. The term “holders” as 
used herein shall, in relation to any such Swiss Domestic Covered Bonds held in the form of 
Intermediated Securities, be construed accordingly. 
Holders of Swiss Domestic Covered Bonds do not have the right to request the printing and 
delivery of definitive Covered Bonds. Interests in the Swiss Global Covered Bonds will be 
exchangeable, in whole but not in part, for definitive Covered Bonds if the Principal Swiss Paying Agent 
(i) determines that the presentation of definitive Covered Bonds is required by Swiss or other applicable 
laws and regulations in connection with the enforcement of rights or (ii) deems the printing and delivery 
of definitive Covered Bonds to be useful or desirable for any other reason. Should the Principal Swiss 
Paying Agent so determine, it shall provide for the printing of definitive Covered Bonds without cost to 
the holders. Upon delivery of the definitive Covered Bonds, the Swiss Global Covered bond will be 
cancelled and the definitive Covered Bonds shall be delivered to the holders against cancellation of the 
Swiss Domestic Covered Bonds in the holders' securities accounts. 
Covered Bonds which are represented by a global Covered Bond and VP Systems Covered 
Bonds will be transferable only in accordance with the rules and procedures for the time being of 
Euroclear, Clearstream, Luxembourg, SIX SIS AG, VPS, VP and/or VPC, as the case may be. 
References to Euroclear, Clearstream, Luxembourg, SIX SIS AG, VPS, VP and/or VPC shall, 
whenever the context so permits, be deemed to include a reference to any additional or alternative 
clearing system approved by the Issuer and the Fiscal Agent. 
If specified in the applicable Final Terms, a Temporary Bearer Covered Bond or a Permanent 
Bearer Covered Bond may be issued in new global Covered Bond form (a “New Global Covered Bond” 
or a “NGCB”).

--- Page 123 ---
0081160-0000146 UKO2: 2008138142.9 
123 
 
 
2 
Status of the Covered Bonds 
The Covered Bonds are unsubordinated obligations issued in accordance with Chapter 11, 
Sub-chapter II of the Norwegian Act on financial institutions and financial groups of 10 April 2015 No 17 
(the “Financial Institutions Act”), and rank pari passu among themselves and with all other obligations 
of the Issuer that have been provided the same priority as debt instruments issued pursuant to the 
Financial Institutions Act. To the extent that claims in relation to the Covered Bonds and relating 
derivative agreements are not met out of the assets of the Issuer that are covered in accordance with 
the Financial Institutions Act, the residual claims will rank pari passu with the unsecured and 
unsubordinated obligations of the Issuer. 
3 
Interest 
(a) 
Interest on Fixed Rate Covered Bonds 
Each Fixed Rate Covered Bond bears interest on its outstanding nominal amount from (and 
including) the Interest Commencement Date at the rate(s) per annum equal to the Rate(s) of Interest. 
Interest will be payable in arrear on the Interest Payment Date(s) in each year up to (and including) the 
Maturity Date. 
The amount of interest payable on each Interest Payment Date in respect of the Fixed  Interest 
Period ending on (but excluding) such date will amount to the Fixed Coupon Amount. Payments of 
interest on any Interest Payment Date will, if so specified in the applicable Final Terms, amount to the 
Broken Amount(s) so specified. 
As used in these Terms and Conditions, “Fixed Interest Period” means the period from (and 
including) an Interest Payment Date (or the Interest Commencement Date) to (but excluding) the next 
(or first) Interest Payment Date. 
If interest is required to be calculated for a period other than a Fixed Interest Period or if no 
Fixed Coupon Amount is specified in the applicable Final Terms, such interest shall be calculated by 
applying the Rate of Interest to each Calculation Amount, multiplying such sum by the applicable Day 
Count Fraction, and rounding the resultant figure to the nearest sub-unit of the relevant Specified 
Currency, half of any such sub-unit being rounded upwards or otherwise in accordance with applicable 
market convention. 
“Day Count Fraction” means, in respect of the calculation of an amount of interest in 
accordance with this Condition 3(a): 
(i) 
if “Actual/Actual (ICMA)” is specified in the applicable Final Terms: 
(a) 
in the case of Covered Bonds where the number of days in the relevant 
period from (and including) the most recent Interest Payment Date (or, 
if none, the Interest Commencement Date) to (but excluding) the 
relevant payment date (the “Accrual Period”) is equal to or shorter 
than the Determination Period during which the Accrual Period ends, 
the number of days in such Accrual Period divided by the product of 
(1) the number of days in such Determination Period and (2) the 
number of Determination Dates (as specified in the applicable Final 
Terms) that would occur in one calendar year; or 
(b) 
in the case of Covered Bonds where the Accrual Period is longer than 
the Determination Period during which the Accrual Period ends, the 
sum of:

--- Page 124 ---
0081160-0000146 UKO2: 2008138142.9 
124 
 
 
(1) 
the number of days in such Accrual Period falling in the 
Determination Period in which the Accrual Period begins 
divided by the product of (x) the number of days in such 
Determination Period and (y) the number of Determination 
Dates (as specified in the applicable Final Terms) that would 
occur in one calendar year; and 
(2) 
the number of days in such Accrual Period falling in the next 
Determination Period divided by the product of (x) the number 
of days in such Determination Period and (y) the number of 
Determination Dates that would occur in one calendar year; 
and 
(ii) 
if “30/360” is specified in the applicable Final Terms, the number of days in the 
period from (and including) the most recent Interest Payment Date (or, if none, 
the Interest Commencement Date) to (but excluding) the relevant payment 
date (such number of days being calculated on the basis of a year of 360 days 
with 12 30-day months) divided by 360. 
In these Terms and Conditions: 
“Determination Period” means the period from (and including) a Determination Date to (but 
excluding) the next Determination Date (including, where either the Interest Commencement Date or 
the final Interest Payment Date is not a Determination Date, the period commencing on the first 
Determination Date prior to, and ending on the first Determination Date falling after, such date); and 
“sub-unit” means, with respect to any currency other than euro, the lowest amount of such 
currency that is available as legal tender in the country of such currency and, with respect to euro, 
means one cent. 
(b) 
Interest on Floating Rate Covered Bonds 
(i) 
Interest Payment Dates 
Each Floating Rate Covered Bond bears interest on its outstanding nominal amount 
from (and including) the Interest Commencement Date and such interest will be 
payable in arrear on either: 
(A) 
the Specified Interest Payment Date(s) in each year specified in the applicable 
Final Terms; or 
(B) 
if no Specified Interest Payment Date(s) is/are specified in the applicable Final 
Terms, each date (each such date, together with each Specified  Interest 
Payment Date, an “Interest Payment Date”) which falls the number of months 
or other period specified as the Specified Period in the applicable Final Terms 
after the preceding Interest Payment Date or, in the case of the first Interest 
Payment Date, after the Interest Commencement Date. 
Such interest will be payable in respect of each Interest Period (which expression shall, 
in these Terms and Conditions, mean the period from (and including) an Interest 
Payment Date (or the Interest Commencement Date) to (but excluding) the next (or 
first) Interest Payment Date (or, if the Issuer elects to redeem the Covered Bonds on 
any earlier redemption date, the relevant redemption date)).

--- Page 125 ---
0081160-0000146 UKO2: 2008138142.9 
125 
 
 
If a Business Day Convention is specified in the applicable Final Terms and (x) if there 
is no numerically corresponding day in the calendar month in which an Interest 
Payment Date should occur or (y) if any Interest Payment Date would otherwise fall on 
a day which is not a Business Day, then, if the Business Day Convention  specified is: 
(1) 
in any case where Specified Periods are specified in accordance with 
Condition 3(b)(i)(B) above, the Floating Rate Convention, such Interest 
Payment Date (i) in the case of (x) above, shall be the last day that is a 
Business Day in the relevant month and the provisions of (B) below shall apply 
mutatis mutandis or (ii) in the case of (y) above, shall be postponed to the next 
day which is a Business Day unless it would thereby fall into the next calendar 
month, in which event (A) such Interest Payment Date shall be brought forward 
to the immediately preceding Business Day and (B) each subsequent Interest 
Payment Date shall be the last Business Day in the month which falls the 
Specified Period after the preceding applicable Interest Payment Date 
occurred; or 
(2) 
the Following Business Day Convention, such Interest Payment Date shall be 
postponed to the next day which is a Business Day; or 
(3) 
the Modified Following Business Day Convention, such Interest Payment Date 
shall be postponed to the next day which is a Business Day unless it would 
thereby fall into the next calendar month, in which event such Interest Payment 
Date shall be brought forward to the immediately preceding Business Day; or 
(4) 
the Preceding Business Day Convention, such Interest Payment Date shall be 
brought forward to the immediately preceding Business Day.  
In these Terms and Conditions, “Business Day” means a day which is both: 
(A) 
a day on which commercial banks and foreign exchange markets settle 
payments and are open for general business (including dealing in foreign 
exchange and foreign currency deposits) in London and any Additional 
Business Centre specified in the applicable Final Terms; and 
(B) 
either (1) in relation to any sum payable in a Specified Currency other than 
euro, a day on which commercial banks and foreign exchange markets settle 
payments and are open for general business (including dealing in foreign 
exchange and foreign currency deposits) in the principal financial centre of the 
country of the relevant Specified Currency (if other than London and any 
Additional Business Centre and which if the Specified Currency is Australian 
dollars or New Zealand dollars shall be Sydney and Auckland, respectively) or 
(2) in relation to interest payable in euro, a day on which the Trans-European 
Automated Real-Time Gross Settlement Express Transfer System or any 
successor or replacement for that system (“T2”) is open. 
(ii) 
Rate of Interest 
The Rate of Interest payable from time to time in respect of Floating Rate Covered 
Bonds will be determined in the manner specified in the applicable Final Terms. 
(A) 
ISDA Determination for Floating Rate Covered Bonds

--- Page 126 ---
0081160-0000146 UKO2: 2008138142.9 
126 
 
 
Where ISDA Determination is specified in the applicable Final Terms as the 
manner in which the Rate of Interest is to be determined, the Rate of Interest 
for each Interest Period will be the relevant ISDA Rate plus or minus (as 
indicated in the applicable Final Terms) the Margin (if any). For the purposes 
of this sub-paragraph (A), “ISDA Rate” for an Interest Period means a rate 
equal to the Floating Rate that would be determined by the Fiscal Agent or, 
where the applicable Final Terms specifies a Calculation Agent, the Calculation 
Agent under an interest rate swap transaction if the Fiscal Agent or, where the 
applicable Final Terms specifies a Calculation Agent, the Calculation Agent 
were acting as Calculation Agent (as such term is defined in the ISDA 
Definitions) for that swap transaction under the terms of an agreement 
incorporating the 2006 ISDA Definitions, as published by the International 
Swaps and Derivatives Association, Inc. and as amended and updated as at 
the Issue Date of the first Tranche of the Covered Bonds (the “ISDA 
Definitions”) and under which: 
(1) 
the Floating Rate Option is as specified in the applicable Final  Terms; 
(2) 
the Designated Maturity is a period specified in the applicable Final 
Terms; and 
(3) 
the relevant Reset Date is either (i) if the applicable Floating Rate 
Option is based on the Euro-zone inter-bank offered rate 
(“EURIBOR”), the first day of that Interest Period or (ii) in any other 
case, as specified in the applicable Final Terms. 
For the purposes of this Condition 3(b)(ii)(A), “Floating Rate”, “Floating Rate 
Option”, “Designated Maturity” and “Reset Date” have the meanings given 
to those terms in the ISDA Definitions. 
Notwithstanding anything in the ISDA Definitions to the contrary, the Fiscal 
Agent will have no obligation to exercise any discretion (including in 
determining EURIBOR or the fallback rate) and, to the extent the ISDA 
Definitions requires the Fiscal Agent to exercise any such discretion, the Issuer 
will provide written direction to the Fiscal Agent specifying how such discretion 
should be exercised and the Fiscal Agent will be entitled to conclusively rely 
on that direction and will be fully protected if it acts in accordance therewith. 
(B) 
Screen Rate Determination for Floating Rate Covered Bonds (other than 
Floating Rate Covered Bonds which specify the Reference Rate as SONIA or 
SOFR) 
Unless Condition 3(b)(ii)(C) or Condition 3(b)(ii)(D) applies, where Screen Rate 
Determination is specified in the applicable Final Terms as the manner in which 
the Rate of Interest is to be determined, the Rate of Interest for each Interest 
Period will, subject as provided below, be either: 
(1) 
the offered quotation; or 
(2) 
the arithmetic mean (rounded if necessary to the fifth decimal place, 
with 0.000005 being rounded upwards) of the offered quotations, 
(expressed as a percentage rate per annum) for the Reference Rate which 
appears or appear, as the case may be, on the Relevant Screen Page (or such

--- Page 127 ---
0081160-0000146 UKO2: 2008138142.9 
127 
 
 
replacement page on that service which displays the information) as at the 
Specified Time on the Interest Determination Date in question plus or minus 
(as indicated in the applicable Final Terms) the Margin (if any), all as 
determined by the Fiscal Agent or, where the applicable Final Terms specifies 
a Calculation Agent, the Calculation Agent. If five or more of such offered 
quotations are available on the Relevant Screen Page, the highest (or, if there 
is more than one such highest quotation, one only of such quotations) and the 
lowest (or, if there is more than one such lowest quotation, one only of such 
quotations) shall be disregarded by the Fiscal Agent or, where the applicable 
Final Terms specifies a Calculation Agent, the Calculation Agent for the 
purpose of determining the arithmetic mean (rounded as provided above) of 
such offered quotations. 
If the Relevant Screen Page is not available or if, in the case of (1) above, no 
such offered quotation appears or, in the case of (2) above, fewer than three 
such offered quotations appear, in each case at the Specified Time, the Issuer 
shall request the principal London office of each of the Reference Banks to 
provide the Fiscal Agent or, where the applicable Final Terms specifies a 
Calculation Agent, the Calculation Agent with its offered quotation (expressed 
as a percentage rate per annum) for the Reference Rate at approximately the 
Specified Time on the Interest Determination Date in question. If two or more 
of the Reference Banks provide the Fiscal Agent or, where the applicable Final 
Terms specifies a Calculation Agent, the Calculation Agent with such offered 
quotations, the Rate of Interest for such Interest Period shall be the arithmetic 
mean (rounded if necessary to the fifth decimal place with 0.000005 being 
rounded upwards) of such offered quotations plus or minus (as appropriate) 
the Margin (if any), all as determined by the Fiscal Agent or, where the 
applicable Final Terms specifies a Calculation Agent, the Calculation Agent. 
“Reference Banks” means (i) in the case of a determination of EURIBOR, the 
principal Euro-zone office of four major banks in the Euro-zone inter-bank 
market, or (ii) in the case of a determination of a Reference Rate that is not 
EURIBOR, the principal office of four major banks in the inter-bank market of 
the Relevant Financial Centre, in each case selected by the Issuer. 
If on any Interest Determination Date one only or none of the Reference Banks 
provides the Fiscal Agent or, where the applicable Final Terms specifies a 
Calculation Agent, the Calculation Agent with such offered quotations as 
provided in the preceding paragraph, the Rate of Interest for the relevant 
Interest Period shall be the rate per annum which the Fiscal Agent or, where 
the applicable Final Terms specifies a Calculation Agent, the Calculation Agent 
determines as being the arithmetic mean (rounded if necessary to the fifth 
decimal place, with 0.000005 being rounded upwards) of the rates, as 
communicated to (and at the request of) the Fiscal Agent or, where the 
applicable Final Terms specifies a Calculation Agent, the Calculation Agent by 
the Reference Banks or any two or more of them, at which such banks were 
offered, at approximately the Specified Time on the relevant Interest 
Determination Date, deposits in the Specified Currency for a period equal to 
that which would have been used for the Reference Rate by leading banks in 
the Euro-zone inter-bank market (if the Reference Rate is EURIBOR), the 
Stockholm inter-bank market (if the Reference Rate is STIBOR), the Oslo inter-
bank market (if the Reference Rate is NIBOR) or the Copenhagen inter-bank 
market (if the Reference Rate is CIBOR) plus or minus (as appropriate) the 
Margin (if any) or, if fewer than two of the Reference Banks provide the Fiscal

--- Page 128 ---
0081160-0000146 UKO2: 2008138142.9 
128 
 
 
Agent or, where the applicable Final Terms specifies a Calculation Agent, the 
Calculation Agent with such offered rates, the offered rate for deposits in the 
Specified Currency for a period equal to that which would have been used for 
the Reference Rate, or the arithmetic mean (rounded as provided above) of 
the offered rates for deposits in the Specified Currency for a period equal to 
that which would have been used for the Reference Rate, at which, at 
approximately the Specified Time on the relevant Interest Determination Date, 
any one or more banks (which bank or banks is or are in the opinion of the 
Issuer suitable for such purpose) informs the Fiscal Agent or, where the 
applicable Final Terms specifies a Calculation Agent, the Calculation Agent it 
is quoting to leading banks in the Euro-zone inter-bank market (if the 
Reference Rate is EURIBOR), the Stockholm inter-bank market (if the 
Reference Rate is STIBOR), the Oslo inter-bank market  (if the Reference Rate 
is NIBOR) or the Copenhagen inter-bank market (if the Reference Rate is 
CIBOR) plus or minus (as appropriate) the Margin (if any), provided that, if the 
Rate of Interest cannot be determined in accordance with the foregoing 
provisions of this paragraph, the Rate of Interest shall be determined as at the 
last preceding Interest Determination Date (though substituting, where a 
different Margin is to be applied to the relevant Interest Period from that which 
applied to the last preceding Interest Period, the Margin relating to the relevant 
Interest Period, in place of the Margin relating to that last preceding Interest 
Period). 
For the purposes of this Condition 3(b)(ii)(B), “Reference Rate” means (i) the 
Euro-zone interbank offered rate (“EURIBOR”), (ii) the Stockholm interbank 
offered rate (“STIBOR”), (iii) the Oslo interbank offered rate (“NIBOR”) or (iv) 
the Copenhagen interbank offered rate (“CIBOR”), in each case as specified 
in the applicable Final Terms. 
(C) 
Screen Rate Determination for Floating Rate Covered Bonds referencing 
SONIA and not using Index Determination 
(1) 
Where (i) Screen Rate Determination is specified in the applicable 
Final Terms as the manner in which the Rate of Interest is to be 
determined, (ii) “SONIA” is specified in the applicable Final Terms as 
the “Reference Rate” and (iii) “Index Determination” is specified to be 
“Not Applicable”, the Rate of Interest for each Interest Period will, 
subject as provided below, be Compounded Daily SONIA plus or 
minus (as specified in the applicable Final Terms) the Margin (if any), 
all as determined by the Fiscal Agent or, where the applicable Final 
Terms specifies a Calculation Agent, the Calculation Agent. 
(2) 
For the purposes of this Condition 3(b)(ii)(C): 
”Compounded Daily SONIA”, with respect to an Interest Period, will 
be calculated by the Fiscal Agent or, where the applicable Final Terms 
specifies a Calculation Agent, the Calculation Agent, on the Interest 
Determination Date in accordance with the following formula, and the 
resulting percentage will be rounded, if necessary, to the fourth 
decimal place, with 0.00005 being rounded upwards:

--- Page 129 ---
0081160-0000146 UKO2: 2008138142.9 
129 
 
 
“d” means, for any Interest Period, the number of calendar days:  
(1) 
where “Lag” is specified as the Observation Method in the 
applicable Final Terms, such Interest Period; or 
(2) 
where “Observation Shift” is specified as the Observation 
Method in the applicable Final Terms, the relevant Reference 
Period; 
“D” is the number specified as such in the applicable Final Terms (or, 
if no such number is specified, 365); 
“do” means:  
(1) 
where “Lag” is specified as the Observation Method in the 
applicable Final Terms, for any Interest Period, the number of 
London Banking Days in such Interest Period; or 
(2) 
where “Observation Shift” is specified as the Observation 
Method in the applicable Final Terms, the number of London 
Banking Days in the relevant Reference Period; 
“i” means, for any Interest Period, a series of whole numbers from one 
to do, each representing the relevant London Banking Day in 
chronological order from, and including, the first London Banking Day 
in:  
(1) 
where “Lag” is specified as the Observation Method in the 
applicable Final Terms, such Interest Period to, and including, 
the last London Banking Day in such Interest Period; or 
(2) 
where “Observation Shift” is specified as the Observation 
Method in the applicable Final Terms, the relevant Reference 
Period to, and including, the last London Banking Day in such 
Reference Period; 
“Interest Determination Date” means, in respect of any Interest 
Period, the date falling “p” London Banking Days prior to the Interest 
Payment Date for such Interest Period (or the date falling “p” London 
Banking Days prior to such earlier date, if any, on which the Covered 
Bonds are due and payable); 
“London Banking Day” or “LBD” means any day on which 
commercial banks are open for general business (including dealing in 
foreign exchange and foreign currency deposits) in London; 
“ni” for any London Banking Day “i”, the number of calendar days from, 
and including, such London Banking Day “i” up to, but excluding, the 
following London Banking Day; 
“p” for any Interest Period, means:  
(1) 
where “Lag” is specified as the Observation Method in the 
applicable Final Terms, the number of London Banking Days

--- Page 130 ---
0081160-0000146 UKO2: 2008138142.9 
130 
 
 
specified as the “Lag Period” in the applicable Final Terms (or, 
if no such number is so specified, five London Banking Days); 
or 
(2) 
where “Observation Shift” is specified as the Observation 
Method in the applicable Final Terms, the number of London 
Banking Days specified as the “Observation Shift Period” in 
the applicable Final Terms (or, if no such number is specified, 
five London Banking Days); 
“Reference Period” means, in respect of an Interest Period, the period 
from, and including, the date falling “p” London Banking Days prior to 
the first day of such Interest Period (and the first Interest Period shall 
begin on and include the Interest Commencement Date) and ending 
on, but excluding, the date which is p London Banking Days prior to 
the Interest Payment Date for such Interest Period (or the date falling 
“p” London Banking Days prior to such earlier date, if any, on which 
the Covered Bonds become due and payable); 
“SONIA Reference Rate” means, in respect of any London Banking 
Day, a reference rate equal to the daily Sterling Overnight Index 
Average (“SONIA”) rate for such London Banking Day as provided by 
the administrator of SONIA to authorised distributors and as then 
published on the Relevant Screen Page (or if the Relevant Screen 
Page is unavailable, as otherwise is published by such authorised 
distributors) on the London Banking Day immediately following such 
London Banking Day; and 
“SONIAi” means the SONIA Reference Rate for: 
(1) 
where “Lag” is specified as the Observation Method in the 
applicable Final Terms, the London Banking Day falling p 
London Banking Days prior to the relevant London Banking 
Day “i”; or 
(2) 
where “Observation Shift” is specified as the Observation 
Method in the applicable Final Terms, the relevant London 
Banking Day “I”. 
For the avoidance of doubt, the formula for the calculation of 
Compounded Daily SONIA only compounds the SONIA Reference 
Rate in respect of any London Banking Day. The SONIA Reference 
Rate applied to a day that is a non-London Banking Day will be taken 
by applying the SONIA Reference Rate for the previous London 
Banking Day but without compounding. 
(3) 
If, in respect of any London Banking Day in the relevant 
Reference Period, the Fiscal Agent or, where the applicable 
Final Terms specifies a Calculation Agent, the Calculation 
Agent determines that the SONIA Reference Rate is not 
available on the Relevant Screen Page or has not otherwise 
been published by the relevant authorised distributors, such 
SONIA Reference Rate shall be:

--- Page 131 ---
0081160-0000146 UKO2: 2008138142.9 
131 
 
 
(A) 
the sum of (A) the Bank of England's Bank Rate (the 
“Bank Rate”) prevailing at close of business on the 
relevant London Banking Day; plus (B) the mean of 
the spread of the SONIA Reference Rate to the Bank 
Rate over the previous five London Banking Days on 
which a SONIA Reference Rate has been published, 
excluding the highest spread (or, if there is more than 
one highest spread, one only of those highest 
spreads) and lowest spread (or, if there is more than 
one lowest spread, one only of those lowest spreads); 
or 
(B) 
if the Bank Rate is not published by the Bank of 
England at close of business on the relevant London 
Banking Day, either (A) the SONIA Reference Rate 
published on the Relevant Screen Page (or otherwise 
published by the relevant authorised distributors) for 
the first preceding London Banking Day on which the 
SONIA Reference Rate was published on the 
Relevant Screen Page (or otherwise published by the 
relevant authorised distributors) or (B) if this is more 
recent, the latest SONIA Reference Rate Determined 
under (3(A) above, 
and, in each case, references to “SONIA Reference Rate” in 
this Condition 3(b)(ii)(C) shall be construed accordingly.  
(4) 
If the Rate of Interest cannot be determined in accordance 
with the foregoing provisions of this Condition 3(b)(ii)(C), the 
Rate of Interest shall be (A) that determined as at the last 
preceding Interest Determination Date (though substituting, 
where a different Margin is to be applied to the relevant 
Interest Period from that which applied to the last preceding 
Interest Period, the Margin relating to the relevant Interest 
Period, in place of the Margin relating to that last preceding 
Interest Period) or (B) if there is no such preceding Interest 
Determination Date, the initial Rate of Interest which would 
have been applicable to the Covered Bonds for the first 
Interest Period had the Covered Bonds been in issue for a 
period equal in duration to the scheduled first Interest Period 
but ending on (and excluding) the Interest Commencement 
Date (but applying the Margin (if any) applicable to the first 
Interest Period). 
(D) 
Screen Rate Determination for Floating Rate Covered Bonds referencing 
SONIA and using Index Determination 
(1) 
Where (i) Screen Rate Determination is specified in the applicable 
Final Terms as the manner in which the Rate of Interest is to be 
determined and (ii) “SONIA” is specified in the applicable Final Terms 
as the “Reference Rate” and (iii) “Index Determination” is specified to 
be “Applicable”, the Rate of Interest for each Interest Period will, 
subject as provided below, be the Compounded Daily SONIA Rate 
plus or minus (as specified in the applicable Final Terms) the Margin

--- Page 132 ---
0081160-0000146 UKO2: 2008138142.9 
132 
 
 
(if any), all as determined by the Fiscal Agent or, where the applicable 
Final Terms specifies a Calculation Agent, the Calculation Agent. 
(2) 
For the purposes of this Condition 3(b)(ii)(D): 
“Compounded Daily SONIA Rate” means the rate of return of a daily 
compound interest investment (with the daily Sterling overnight 
reference rate as reference rate for the calculation of interest) 
(expressed as a percentage and rounded if necessary to the fourth 
decimal place, with 0.00005 being rounded upwards) determined by 
the Fiscal Agent or, where the applicable Final Terms specifies a 
Calculation Agent, the Calculation Agent, by reference to the screen 
rate or index for compounded daily SONIA rates administered by the 
administrator of the SONIA reference rate that is published or 
displayed by such administrator or other information service from time 
to time on the relevant Interest Determination Date, as further specified 
in the applicable Final Terms (the “SONIA Compounded Index”) and 
in accordance with the following formula: 
 
where: 
“d” is the number of calendar days from (and including) the day in 
relation to which SONIA Compounded IndexStart is determined to (but 
excluding) the day in relation to which SONIA Compounded IndexEnd 
is determined; 
“London Banking Day” means any day on which commercial banks 
are open for general business (including dealing in foreign exchange 
and foreign currency deposits) in London; 
“Relevant Number” is the number specified as such in the applicable 
Final Terms (or, if no such number is specified, five); 
“SONIA Compounded IndexStart” means, in respect of an Interest 
Period, the SONIA Compounded Index determined in relation to the 
day falling the Relevant Number of London Banking Days prior to the 
first day of such Interest Period; and 
“SONIA Compounded IndexEnd” means, in respect of an Interest 
Period, the SONIA Compounded Index determined in relation to the 
day falling the Relevant Number of London Banking Days prior to (A) 
the Interest Payment Date for such Interest Period, or (B) such other 
date on which the relevant payment of interest falls due (but which by 
its definition or the operation of the relevant provisions is excluded 
from such Interest Period).   
(3) 
If, subject to Condition 3(c), the relevant SONIA Compounded Index 
is not published or displayed by the administrator of the SONIA 
reference rate or other information service by 5.00 p.m. (London time) 
(or, if later, by the time falling one hour after the customary or

--- Page 133 ---
0081160-0000146 UKO2: 2008138142.9 
133 
 
 
scheduled time for publication thereof in accordance with the then-
prevailing operational procedures of the administrator of the SONIA 
reference rate or of such other information service, as the case may 
be) on the relevant Interest Determination Date, the Compounded 
Daily SONIA Rate for the applicable Interest Period for which the 
SONIA Compounded Index is not available shall be "Compounded 
Daily SONIA” determined in accordance with Condition 3(b)(ii)(C) 
above as if "Index Determination" were specified in the applicable 
Final Terms, as being "Not Applicable", and for these purposes: (i) the 
"Observation Method" shall be deemed to be "Observation Shift" and 
(ii) the "Observation Shift Period" shall be deemed to be equal to the 
Relevant Number of London Banking Days, as if those alternative 
elections had been made in the applicable Final Terms. 
(E) 
Screen Rate Determination for Floating Rate Covered Bonds referencing 
SOFR and not using Index Determination  
(1) 
Where (i) Screen Rate Determination is specified in the applicable 
Final Terms as the manner in which the Rate of Interest is to be 
determined, (ii) “SOFR” is specified in the applicable Final Terms as 
the “Reference Rate” and (iii) “Index Determination” is specified to be 
“Not Applicable”, the Rate of Interest for each Interest Period will, 
subject as provided below and subject to Condition 3(d), be the 
Benchmark plus or minus (as specified in the applicable Final Terms) 
the Margin (if any), all as determined by the Fiscal Agent or, where the 
applicable Final Terms specifies a Calculation Agent, the Calculation 
Agent. 
(2) 
For the purposes of this Condition 3(b)(ii)(D): 
“Benchmark” means Compounded Daily SOFR, which is a 
compounded average of daily SOFR, as determined for each Interest 
Period in accordance with the specific formula and other provisions set 
out in this Condition 3(b)(ii)(D). 
Daily SOFR rates will not be published in respect of any day that is not 
a U.S. Government Securities Business Day, such as a Saturday, 
Sunday or holiday. For this reason, in determining Compounded Daily 
SOFR in accordance with the specific formula and other provisions set 
forth herein, the daily SOFR rate for any U.S. Government Securities 
Business Day that immediately precedes one or more days that are 
not U.S. Government Securities Business Days in the Observation 
Period will be multiplied by the number of calendar days from and 
including such U.S. Government Securities Business Day to, but 
excluding, the following U.S. Government Securities Business Day. 
If the Issuer determines that a Benchmark Transition Event and its 
related Benchmark Replacement Date have occurred in respect of 
Compounded Daily SOFR (or the daily SOFR used in the calculation 
hereof) prior to the relevant SOFR Determination Time, then the 
provisions under Condition 3(d) below will apply. 
“Interest Determination Date” means, in respect of any Interest 
Period, the date falling “p” U.S. Government Securities Business Days

--- Page 134 ---
0081160-0000146 UKO2: 2008138142.9 
134 
 
 
prior to the Interest Payment Date for such Interest Period (or the date 
falling “p” U.S. Government Securities Business Days prior to such 
earlier date, if any, on which the Covered Bonds are due and payable); 
“U.S. Government Securities Business Day” means any day except 
for a Saturday, a Sunday or a day on which the Securities Industry and 
Financial Markets Association recommends that the fixed income 
departments of its members be closed for the entire day for purposes 
of trading in U.S. government securities; 
“Observation Period” in respect of each Interest Period means the 
period from, and including, the date falling “p” U.S. Government 
Securities Business Days preceding the first date in such Interest 
Period to, but excluding, the date falling “p” U.S. Government 
Securities Business Days preceding the Interest Payment Date for 
such Interest Period (or the date falling “p” U.S. Government Securities 
Business Days prior to such earlier date, if any, on which the Covered 
Bonds are due and payable); 
“p” for any Interest Period, means:  
(1) 
where “Lag” is specified as the Observation Method in the 
applicable Final Terms, the number of U.S. Government 
Securities Business Days specified as the “Lag Period” in the 
applicable Final Terms (or, if no such number is specified, five 
U.S. Government Securities Business Days); 
(2) 
where “Lock-out” is specified as the Observation Method in the 
applicable Final Terms, zero U.S. Government Securities 
Business Days; or 
(3) 
where “Observation Shift” is specified as the Observation 
Method in the applicable Final Terms, the number of U.S. 
Government Securities Business Days specified as the 
“Observation Shift Period” in the applicable Final Terms (or, if 
no such number is specified, five U.S. Government Securities 
Business Days); 
“SOFR” with respect to any U.S. Government Securities Business 
Day, means: 
(A) 
the Secured Overnight Financing Rate published for such U.S. 
Government Securities Business Day as such rate appears on 
the SOFR Administrator's Website at 3:00 p.m. (New York 
time) on the immediately following U.S. Government 
Securities Business Day (the “SOFR Determination Time”); 
or 
(B) 
if the rate specified above does not so appear, the Secured 
Overnight Financing Rate as published in respect of the first 
preceding U.S. Government Securities Business Day for 
which the Secured Overnight Financing Rate was published 
on the SOFR Administrator's Website;

--- Page 135 ---
0081160-0000146 UKO2: 2008138142.9 
135 
 
 
“SOFR Administrator” means the Federal Reserve Bank of New York 
(or a successor administrator of the Secured Overnight Financing 
Rate); 
“SOFR Administrator's Website” means the website of the SOFR 
Administrator , or any successor source; and 
”Compounded Daily SOFR” with respect to any Interest Period, 
means the rate of return of a daily compound interest investment 
computed in accordance with the following formula (and the resulting 
percentage will be rounded, if necessary, to the nearest one hundred-
thousandth of a percentage point, with 0.000005 being rounded 
upwards to 0.00001): 
 
where: 
“do” means: 
(1) 
where “Lag” or “Lock-out” is specified as the Observation 
Method in the applicable Final Terms, the number of U.S. 
Government Securities Business Days in the relevant Interest 
Period; or 
(2) 
where “Observation Shift” is specified as the Observation 
Method in the applicable Final Terms, the number of U.S. 
Government Securities Business Days in the relevant 
Observation Period; 
“i” is a series of whole numbers from one to do, each representing the 
relevant U.S. Government Securities Business Day in chronological 
order from, and including, the first U.S. Government Securities 
Business Day in:  
(1) 
where “Lag” or “Lock-out” is specified as the Observation 
Method in the applicable Final Terms, the relevant Interest 
Period; or 
(2) 
where “Observation Shift” is specified as the Observation 
Method in the applicable Final Terms, the relevant 
Observation Period; 
“SOFRi” means the SOFR for: 
(1) 
where “Lag” is specified as the Observation Method in the 
applicable Final Terms, the U.S. Government Securities 
Business Day falling “p” U.S. Government Securities Business 
Days prior to the relevant U.S. Government Securities 
Business Day “i”;

--- Page 136 ---
0081160-0000146 UKO2: 2008138142.9 
136 
 
 
(2) 
where “Lock-out” is specified as the Observation Method in the 
applicable Final Terms: 
(i) 
in respect of each U.S. Government Securities 
Business Day “I” that is a Reference Day, the SOFR 
in respect of the U.S. Government Securities 
Business Day immediately preceding such Reference 
Day; or 
(ii) 
in respect of each U.S. Government Securities 
Business Day “i” that is not a Reference Day (being a 
U.S. Government Securities Business Day in the 
Lock-out Period), the SOFR in respect of the U.S. 
Government Securities Business Day immediately 
preceding the last Reference Day of the relevant 
Interest Period (such last Reference Day coinciding 
with the Interest Determination Date); or 
(3) 
where “Observation Shift” is specified as the Observation 
Method in the applicable Final Terms, the relevant U.S. 
Government Securities Business Day “i”; and 
“ni” for any U.S. Government Securities Business Day “i” in the 
relevant Observation Period, is the number of calendar days from, and 
including, such U.S. Government Securities Business Day “i” to, but 
excluding, the following U.S. Government Securities Business Day 
(“i+1”); and 
“d” is the number of calendar days in:  
(1) 
where “Lag” or “Lock-out” is specified as the Observation 
Method in the applicable Final Terms, the relevant Interest 
Period; or 
(2) 
where “Observation Shift” is specified as the Observation 
Method in the applicable Final Terms, the relevant 
Observation Period. 
(F) 
Screen Rate Determination for Floating Rate Covered Bonds referencing 
SOFR and using Index Determination 
(1) 
Where (i) Screen Rate Determination is specified in the applicable 
Final Terms as the manner in which the Rate of Interest is to be 
determined, (ii) “SOFR” is specified in the applicable Final Terms as 
the “Reference Rate” and (iii) “Index Determination” is specified to be 
“Applicable”, the Rate of Interest for each Interest Period will, subject 
as provided below and subject to Condition 3(d), be the Compounded 
SOFR for such Interest Period plus or minus (as specified in the 
applicable Final Terms) the Margin (if any), all as determined by the 
Fiscal Agent or, where the applicable Final Terms specifies a 
Calculation Agent, the Calculation Agent. 
(2) 
For the purposes of this Condition 3(b)(ii)(F):

--- Page 137 ---
0081160-0000146 UKO2: 2008138142.9 
137 
 
 
“Compounded SOFR” means, with respect to an Interest Period, the 
rate (expressed as a percentage and rounded if necessary to the 
fourth decimal place, with 0.00005 being rounded upwards determined 
in accordance with the following formula by the Fiscal Agent or, where 
the applicable Final Terms specifies a Calculation Agent, the 
Calculation Agent: 
 
where: 
“dc” is the number of calendar days from (and including) the day in 
relation to which SOFR IndexStart is determined to (but excluding) the 
day in relation to which SOFR IndexEnd is determined; 
“Relevant Number” is the number specified as such in the applicable 
Final Terms (or, if no such number is specified, five); 
“SOFR” means the daily secured overnight financing rate as provided 
by the SOFR Administrator on the SOFR Administrator’s Website; 
“SOFR Administrator” means the Federal Reserve Bank of New York 
(or a successor administrator of the Secured Overnight Financing 
Rate); 
“SOFR Administrator’s Website” means the website of the SOFR 
Administrator, or any successor source; 
“SOFR Index”, with respect to any U.S. Government Securities 
Business Day, means the SOFR index value as published by the 
SOFR Administrator as such index appears on the SOFR 
Administrator’s Website at or around 3:00 p.m. (New York time) on 
such U.S. Government Securities Business Day (the “SOFR 
Determination Time”); 
“SOFR IndexStart”, with respect to an Interest Period, is the SOFR 
Index value for the day which is the Relevant Number of U.S. 
Government Securities Business Days preceding the first day of such 
Interest Period;  
“SOFR IndexEnd”, with respect to an Interest Period, is the SOFR 
Index value for the day which is the Relevant Number of U.S. 
Government Securities Business Days preceding (A) the Interest 
Payment Date for such Interest Period; or (B) such other date on which 
the relevant payment of interest falls due (but which by its definition or 
the operation of the relevant provisions is excluded from such Interest 
Period); and 
“U.S. Government Securities Business Day” means any day except 
for a Saturday, Sunday or a day on which the Securities Industry and 
Financial Markets Association recommends that the fixed income

--- Page 138 ---
0081160-0000146 UKO2: 2008138142.9 
138 
 
 
departments of its members be closed for the entire day for purposes 
of trading in U.S. government securities. 
(3) 
If, subject to Condition 3(d), as at any relevant SOFR Determination 
Time, the relevant SOFR Index is not published or displayed on the 
SOFR Administrator’s Website by the SOFR Administrator, the 
Compounded SOFR for the applicable Interest Period for which the 
relevant SOFR Index is not available shall be deemed to be the 
"Compounded Daily SOFR" for such Interest Period determined in 
accordance 
with 
Condition 
3(b)(ii)(E) 
above 
as 
if 
"Index 
Determination" were specified in the applicable Final Terms, as being 
"Not Applicable", and for these purposes: (i) the "Observation Method" 
shall be deemed to be "Observation Shift" and (ii) the "Observation 
Shift Period" shall be deemed to be equal to the Relevant Number of 
U.S. Government Securities Business Days, as if such alternative 
elections had been made in the applicable Final Terms. 
(iii) 
Minimum Rate of Interest and/or Maximum Rate of Interest 
If the applicable Final Terms specifies a Minimum Rate of Interest for any Interest 
Period, then, in the event that the Rate of Interest in respect of such Interest Period 
determined in accordance with the provisions of paragraph (ii) above is less than such 
Minimum Rate of Interest, the Rate of Interest for such Interest Period shall be such 
Minimum Rate of Interest. 
If the applicable Final Terms specifies a Maximum Rate of Interest for any Interest 
Period, then, in the event that the Rate of Interest in respect of such Interest Period 
determined in accordance with the provisions of paragraph (ii) above is greater than 
such Maximum Rate of Interest, the Rate of Interest for such Interest Period shall be 
such Maximum Rate of Interest. 
(iv) 
Determination of Rate of Interest and Calculation of Interest Amounts 
The Fiscal Agent or, where the applicable Final Terms specifies a Calculation Agent, 
the Calculation Agent will at or as soon as practicable after each time at which the Rate 
of Interest is to be determined, determine the Rate of Interest for the relevant Interest 
Period. 
The Fiscal Agent or, where the applicable Final Terms specifies a Calculation Agent, 
the Calculation Agent will calculate the amount of interest (the “Interest Amount”) 
payable per Calculation Amount in respect of the Floating Rate Covered Bonds for the 
relevant Interest Period. Each Interest Amount shall be calculated by applying the Rate 
of Interest to the Calculation Amount, multiplying such sum by the applicable Day Count 
Fraction, and rounding the resultant figure to the nearest sub-unit of the relevant 
Specified Currency, half of any such sub-unit being rounded upwards or otherwise in 
accordance with applicable market convention. 
“Day Count Fraction” means, in respect of the calculation of an amount of interest in 
accordance with this Condition 3(b): 
(i) 
if “Actual/365” or “Actual/Actual” is specified in the applicable Final Terms,  the 
actual number of days in the Interest Period divided by 365 (or, if any portion 
of that Interest Period falls in a leap year, the sum of (A) the actual number of 
days in that portion of the Interest Period falling in a leap year divided by 366

--- Page 139 ---
0081160-0000146 UKO2: 2008138142.9 
139 
 
 
and (B) the actual number of days in that portion of the Interest Period falling 
in a non-leap year divided by 365); 
(ii) 
if “Actual/365 (Fixed)” is specified in the applicable Final Terms, the actual 
number of days in the Interest Period divided by 365; 
(iii) 
if “Actual/365 (Sterling)” is specified in the applicable Final Terms, the actual 
number of days in the Interest Period divided by 365 or, in the case of an 
Interest Payment Date falling in a leap year, 366; 
(iv) 
if “Actual/360” is specified in the applicable Final Terms, the actual number of 
days in the Interest Period divided by 360; 
(v) 
if “30/360”, “360/360” or “Bond Basis” is specified in the applicable Final Terms, 
the number of days in the Interest Period divided by 360 (the number of days 
to be calculated on the basis of a year of 360 days with 12 30-day months 
(unless (a) the last day of the Interest Period is the 31st day of a month but the 
first day of the Interest Period is a day other than the 30th or 31st day of a 
month, in which case the month that includes that last day shall not be 
considered to be shortened to a 30-day month, or (b) the last day of the Interest 
Period is the last day of the month of February, in which case the month of 
February shall not be considered to be lengthened to a 30-day month)); and 
(vi) 
if “30E/360” or “Eurobond Basis” is specified in the applicable Final Terms, the 
number of days in the Interest Period divided by 360 (the number of days to be 
calculated on the basis of a year of 360 days with 12 30-day months, without 
regard to the date of the first day or last day of the Interest Period unless, in 
the case of the final Interest Period, the Maturity Date is the last day of the 
month of February, in which case the month of February shall not be 
considered to be lengthened to a 30-day month). 
(v) 
Linear Interpolation 
Where Linear Interpolation is specified as applicable in respect of an Interest Period in 
the applicable Final Terms, the Rate of Interest for such Interest Period shall be 
calculated by the Fiscal Agent or, where the applicable Final Terms specifies a 
Calculation Agent, the Calculation Agent by straight line linear interpolation by 
reference to two rates based on the relevant Reference Rate (where Screen Rate 
Determination is specified as applicable in the applicable Final Terms) or the relevant 
Floating Rate Option (where ISDA Determination is specified as applicable in the 
applicable Final Terms), one of which shall be determined as if the Designated Maturity 
were the period of time for which rates are available next shorter than the length of the 
relevant Interest Period and the other of which shall be determined as if the Designated 
Maturity were the period of time for which rates are available next longer than the length 
of the relevant Interest Period provided however that if there is no rate available for a 
period of time next shorter or, as the case may be, next longer, then the Fiscal Agent 
or, where the applicable Final Terms specifies a Calculation Agent, the Calculation 
Agent shall determine such rate at such time and by reference to such sources as it 
determines appropriate. 
“Designated Maturity” means, in relation to the Screen Rate Determination, the period 
of time designated in the Reference Rate. 
(vi) 
Notification of Rate of Interest and Interest Amounts

--- Page 140 ---
0081160-0000146 UKO2: 2008138142.9 
140 
 
 
The Fiscal Agent or, where the applicable Final Terms specifies a Calculation Agent, 
the Calculation Agent will cause the Rate of Interest and each Interest Amount for each 
Interest Period and the relevant Interest Payment Date to be notified to the Issuer, the 
Fiscal Agent, each of the other Paying Agents, the Covered Bondholders and any stock 
exchange on which the relevant Floating Rate Covered Bonds are for the time being 
listed and, in the case of VP Systems Covered Bonds, VPS, VP, VPC or any other 
relevant clearing system (as the case may be) and each VP Systems Account Manager 
and notice thereof to be published in accordance with Condition 13 (Notices) as soon 
as possible after their determination but in no event later than the fourth London 
Business Day (as defined below) thereafter. Each Interest Amount and Interest 
Payment Date so notified may subsequently be amended (or appropriate alternative 
arrangements made by way of adjustment) without prior notice in  the event of an 
extension or shortening of the Interest Period. Any such amendment will be promptly 
notified to each stock exchange on which the relevant Floating Rate Covered Bonds 
are for the time being listed and to the Covered Bondholders in accordance with 
Condition 13 (Notices). For the purposes of this paragraph, the expression “London 
Business Day” means a day (other than a Saturday or a Sunday) on which banks and 
foreign exchange markets are open for general business in London. 
(vii) 
Determination or Calculation by Fiscal Agent 
If for any reason at any relevant time where the applicable Final Terms specifies a 
Calculation Agent, the Calculation Agent defaults in its obligation to determine the Rate 
of Interest or any Interest Amount in accordance with the above provisions or as 
otherwise specified in the applicable Final Terms, as the case may be, and in each 
case in accordance with paragraph (iv) above, the Fiscal Agent shall determine the 
Rate of Interest at such rate as, in its absolute discretion (having such regard as it shall 
think fit to the foregoing provisions of this Condition, but subject always to any Minimum 
Rate of Interest or Maximum Rate of Interest specified in the applicable Final Terms), 
it shall deem fair and reasonable in all the circumstances or, as the case may be, the 
Fiscal Agent shall calculate the Interest Amount(s) in such manner as it shall deem fair 
and reasonable in all the circumstances and each such determination or calculation 
shall be deemed to have been made by the Calculation Agent. 
(viii) 
Certificates to be Final 
All certificates, communications, opinions, determinations, calculations, quotations and 
decisions given, expressed, made or obtained for the purposes of the provisions of this 
Condition 3(b), whether by the Fiscal Agent or, where the applicable Final Terms 
specifies a Calculation Agent, the Calculation Agent, shall (in the absence of wilful 
default, bad faith or manifest error) be binding on the Issuer, the Fiscal Agent, the other 
Paying Agents, the Registrar, the Transfer Agents and all Covered Bondholders and 
Couponholders and (in the absence as aforesaid) no liability to the Issuer, the Covered 
Bondholders or the Couponholders shall attach to the Fiscal Agent or, where the 
applicable Final Terms specifies a Calculation Agent, the Calculation Agent in 
connection with the exercise or non-exercise by it of its powers, duties and discretions 
pursuant to such provisions. 
(ix) 
Exempt Covered Bonds 
In the case of Exempt Covered Bonds which are also Floating Rate Covered Bonds 
where the applicable Pricing Supplement identifies that Screen Rate Determination 
applies to the calculation of interest, if the Reference Rate from time to time is specified 
in the applicable Pricing Supplement as being other than EURIBOR, the Rate of

--- Page 141 ---
0081160-0000146 UKO2: 2008138142.9 
141 
 
 
Interest in respect of such Exempt Covered Bonds will be determined as provided in 
the applicable Pricing Supplement. 
(c) 
Benchmark Discontinuation - Independent Adviser 
This Condition 3(c) applies only if “Benchmark Discontinuation – Independent Adviser” is 
specified to be applicable in the applicable Final Terms and where Screen Rate  Determination 
is specified in the applicable Final Terms as the manner in which the Rate of Interest is to be 
determined. This Condition 3(c) shall not apply to the Covered Bonds for which the Reference 
Rate is specified in the applicable Final Terms as being “SOFR”. 
Notwithstanding the provisions above in Condition 3, if the Issuer determines that a Benchmark 
Event occurs in relation to an Original Reference Rate when any Rate of Interest (or any 
component part thereof) remains to be determined by reference to such Original Reference 
Rate, the then following provisions of this Condition 3(c) shall apply. 
(i) 
The Issuer shall use its reasonable endeavours to appoint and consult with an 
Independent Adviser, as soon as reasonably practicable, with a view to the Issuer 
determining a Successor Rate, failing which an Alternative Rate (in accordance with 
Condition 3(c)(ii)(B) and, in either case, an Adjustment Spread, if any (in accordance 
with Condition 3(c)(iii) and any Benchmark Amendments (in accordance with Condition 
3(c)(iv). 
An Independent Adviser appointed pursuant to this Condition 3(c) shall act in good faith 
and in a commercially reasonable manner and (in the absence of fraud) shall have no 
liability whatsoever to the Issuer, the Fiscal Agent, the Paying Agents or the Covered 
Bondholders for any determination made by it or for any advice given to the Issuer in 
connection with any determination made by the Issuer, pursuant to this Condition 3(c). 
(ii) 
If the Issuer, following consultation with the Independent Adviser and acting in good 
faith, determines that: 
(A) 
there is a Successor Rate, then such Successor Rate shall (subject to 
adjustment as provided in Condition 3(c)(iii)) subsequently be used in place of 
the Original Reference Rate to determine the Rate of Interest (or the relevant 
component part thereof) for all future payments of interest on the Covered 
Bonds (subject to the operation of this Condition 3(c)); or 
(B) 
there is no Successor Rate but that there is an Alternative Rate, then such 
Alternative Rate shall (subject to adjustment as provided in Condition 3(c)(iii)) 
subsequently be used in place of the Original Reference Rate to determine the 
Rate of Interest (or the relevant component part thereof) for all future payments 
of interest on the Covered Bonds (subject to the operation of this Condition 
3(c)). 
(iii) 
If the Issuer, following consultation with the Independent Adviser and acting in good 
faith, determines (A) that an Adjustment Spread is required to be applied to the 
Successor Rate or the Alternative Rate (as the case may be) and (B) the quantum of, 
or a formula or methodology for determining, such Adjustment Spread, then such 
Adjustment Spread shall be applied to the Successor Rate or the Alternative Rate (as 
the case may be) for each subsequent determination of a relevant Rate of Interest (or 
a component part thereof) by reference to such Successor Rate or Alternative Rate (as 
applicable).

--- Page 142 ---
0081160-0000146 UKO2: 2008138142.9 
142 
 
 
(iv) 
If any Successor Rate, Alternative Rate or Adjustment Spread is determined in 
accordance with this Condition 3(c) and the Issuer, following consultation with the 
Independent Adviser and acting in good faith, determines (i) that amendments to these 
Conditions and/or the Agency Agreement are necessary to ensure the proper operation 
of such Successor Rate, Alternative Rate and/or Adjustment Spread (such 
amendments, the “Benchmark Amendments”) and (ii) the terms of the Benchmark 
Amendments, then the Issuer shall, subject to giving notice thereof in accordance with 
Condition (c)(v), without any requirement for the consent or approval of Covered 
Bondholders, vary these Conditions and/or the Agency Agreement to give effect to 
such Benchmark Amendments with effect from the date specified in such notice. 
In connection with any such variation in accordance with this Condition (c)(iv), the 
Issuer shall comply with the rules of any stock exchange on which the Instruments are 
for the time being listed or admitted to trading. 
(v) 
Any Successor Rate, Alternative Rate, Adjustment Spread and the specific terms of 
any Benchmark Amendments, determined under this Condition (c) will be notified 
promptly by the Issuer to the Fiscal Agent, the Paying Agents and, in accordance with 
Condition 13 (Notices), the Covered Bondholders. Such notice shall be irrevocable and 
shall specify the effective date of the Benchmark Amendments, if any. 
(vi) 
No later than notifying the Fiscal Agent of the same, the Issuer shall deliver to the Fiscal 
Agent a certificate signed by two duly authorised officers of the Issuer: 
(A) 
confirming (i) that a Benchmark Event has occurred, (ii) the Successor Rate 
or, as the case may be, the Alternative Rate and, (iii) where applicable, any 
Adjustment Spread and/or the specific terms of any Benchmark Amendment, 
in each case as determined in accordance with the provisions of this Condition 
3(c); and 
(B) 
certifying that the Benchmark Amendments are necessary to ensure the proper 
operation of such Successor Rate, Alternative Rate and/or Adjustment Spread. 
The Successor Rate or Alternative Rate and the Adjustment Spread (if any) and the 
Benchmark Amendments (if any) specified in such certificate will (in the absence of 
manifest error or bad faith in the determination of the Successor Rate or Alternative 
Rate and the Adjustment Spread (if any) and the Benchmark Amendments (if any)) be 
binding on the Issuer, the Fiscal Agent, the Paying Agents and the Covered 
Bondholders. 
(vii) 
Without prejudice to the obligations of the Issuer under Condition (c)(i), (ii), (iii) and (iv), 
the Original Reference Rate and the fallback provisions provided for in Condition 
3(b)(ii)(B) will continue to apply unless and until (i) an Independent Adviser is appointed 
and (ii) either a Successor Rate or Alternative Rate is determined, and any Adjustment 
Spread and Benchmark Amendments are determined, in each case pursuant to this 
Condition 3(c). 
(viii) 
As used in this Condition 3(c): 
“Adjustment Spread” means either a spread (which may be positive or negative), or 
the formula or methodology for calculating a spread, in either case, which the Issuer, 
following consultation with the Independent Adviser and acting in good faith, 
determines is required to be applied to the Successor Rate or the relevant Alternative 
Rate (as the case may be) and is the spread, formula or methodology which:

--- Page 143 ---
0081160-0000146 UKO2: 2008138142.9 
143 
 
 
(A) 
in the case of a Successor Rate, is formally recommended, or formally provided 
as an option for parties to adopt, in relation to the replacement of the Original 
Reference Rate with the Successor Rate by any Relevant Nominating Body; 
or 
(B) 
(if no such recommendation has been made, or in the case of an Alternative 
Rate), the Issuer determines, following consultation with the Independent 
Adviser and acting in good faith, is customarily applied to the relevant 
Successor Rate or Alternative Rate (as the case may be) in international debt 
capital markets transactions to produce an industry-accepted replacement rate 
for the Original Reference Rate; or 
(C) 
(if no such recommendation has been made, or in the case of an Alternative 
Rate), the Issuer determines, following consultation with the Independent 
Adviser and acting in good faith, is recognised or acknowledged as being the 
industry standard for over-the-counter derivative transactions which reference 
the Original Reference Rate, where such rate has been replaced by the 
Successor Rate or the Alternative Rate (as the case may be); or 
(D) 
(if the Issuer determines that no such industry standard is recognised or 
acknowledged),the Issuer, in its discretion, following consultation with the 
Independent Adviser and acting in good faith, determines to be appropriate to 
reduce or eliminate, to the extent reasonably practicable in the circumstances, 
any economic prejudice or benefit (as the case may be) to Covered 
Bondholders as a result of the replacement of the Original Reference Rate with 
the Successor Rate or the Alternative Rate (as the case may be). 
“Alternative Rate” means an alternative benchmark or screen rate which the Issuer 
determines in accordance with Condition 3(c)(ii)(B) has replaced the Original 
Reference Rate in customary market usage in the international debt capital markets for 
the purposes of determining rates of interest (or the relevant component part thereof) 
for the same interest period and in the same Specified Currency as the Covered Bonds. 
“Benchmark Amendments” has the meaning given to it in Condition 3(c)(iv).  
“Benchmark Event” means, with respect to an Original Reference Rate, any one or 
more of the following: 
(1) 
the Original Reference Rate ceasing to exist or be published as a result of  the 
Original Reference Rate ceasing to be calculated or administered; or 
(2) 
the making of a public statement by the administrator of the Original Reference 
Rate that it has ceased or will cease to publish the Original Reference Rate 
permanently or indefinitely (in circumstances where no successor 
administrator has been appointed that will continue publication of the Original 
Reference Rate); or 
(3) 
the making of a public statement by the supervisor of the administrator of the 
Original Reference Rate that the Original Reference Rate has been or will be 
permanently or indefinitely discontinued; or 
(4) 
the making of a public statement by the supervisor of the administrator of the 
Original Reference Rate as a consequence of which the Original Reference 
Rate will be prohibited from being used, is no longer representative of its

--- Page 144 ---
0081160-0000146 UKO2: 2008138142.9 
144 
 
 
underlying market or that its use will be subject to restrictions or adverse 
consequences, in each case in circumstances where the same shall be 
applicable to the Covered Bonds; or 
(5) 
it has or will, prior to the next Interest Determination Date, become unlawful for 
any Paying Agent, the Calculation Agent or the Issuer to calculate any 
payments due to be made to any Covered Bondholder using the Original 
Reference Rate (including, without limitation, under Regulation (EU) 
2016/1011, if applicable); 
(6) 
provided that in the case of paragraphs (2) to (4) above, the Benchmark Event 
shall occur on: 
(A) 
in the case of (2) above, the date of the cessation of the publication of 
the Original Reference Rate; 
(B) 
in the case of (3) above, the discontinuation of the Original Reference 
Rate; or 
(C) 
in the case of (4) above, the date on which the Original Reference Rate 
is prohibited from use, is deemed no longer to be representative or 
becomes subject to restrictions or adverse consequences (as 
applicable), 
and not (in any such case), the date of the relevant public statement (unless 
the date of the relevant public statement coincides with the relevant date in (A), 
(B), or (C) above, as applicable).   
“Independent Adviser” means an independent financial institution of international 
repute or an independent financial adviser with appropriate expertise appointed by the 
Issuer under Condition 3(c)(i). 
“Original Reference Rate” means the originally-specified benchmark or screen rate 
(as applicable) used to determine the Rate of Interest (or any component part thereof) 
on the Covered Bonds (provided that if, following one or more Benchmark Events, such 
originally specified benchmark or screen rate (or any Successor Rate or Alternative 
Rate which has replaced it) has been replaced by a (or a further) Successor Rate or 
Alternative Rate and a Benchmark Event subsequently occurs in respect of such 
Successor Rate or Alternative Rate, the term “Original Reference Rate” shall be 
deemed to include any such Successor Rate or Alternative Rate). 
“Relevant Nominating Body” means, in respect of a benchmark or screen rate (as 
applicable): 
(i) 
the central bank for the currency to which the benchmark or screen rate (as 
applicable) relates, or any central bank or other supervisory authority which is 
responsible for supervising the administrator of the benchmark or screen rate 
(as applicable); or 
(ii) 
any working group or committee sponsored by, chaired or co-chaired by or 
constituted at the request of (a) the central bank for the currency to which the 
benchmark or screen rate (as applicable) relates, (b) any central bank or other 
supervisory authority which is responsible for supervising the administrator of 
the benchmark or screen rate (as applicable), (c) a group of the

--- Page 145 ---
0081160-0000146 UKO2: 2008138142.9 
145 
 
 
aforementioned central banks or other supervisory authorities or (d) the 
Financial Stability Board or any part thereof. 
“Successor Rate” means a successor to or replacement of the Original Reference 
Rate which is formally recommended by any Relevant Nominating Body. 
(d) 
Benchmark Discontinuation - ARRC 
This Condition 3(d) applies only if the Reference Rate is specified as SOFR in the applicable 
Final Terms and “Benchmark Discontinuation – ARRC” is specified to be applicable in the 
applicable Final Terms and where Screen Rate Determination is specified in the applicable 
Final Terms as the manner in which the Rate of Interest is to be determined. 
If the Issuer determines on or prior to the relevant Reference Time that a Benchmark Transition 
Event and its related Benchmark Replacement Date have occurred with respect to the then-
current Benchmark, the Benchmark Replacement will replace the then-current Benchmark for 
all purposes relating to the Covered Bonds in respect of all determinations on such date and 
for all determinations on all subsequent dates. In connection with the implementation of a 
Benchmark Replacement, the Issuer will have the right to make Benchmark Replacement 
Conforming Changes from time to time, without any requirement for the consent or approval of 
Covered Bondholders. 
Any determination, decision or election that may be made by the Issuer pursuant to this 
Condition 3(d), including any determination with respect to a tenor, rate or adjustment or of the 
occurrence or non-occurrence of an event, circumstance or date and any decision to take or 
refrain from taking any action or any selection: 
(i) 
will be conclusive and binding absent manifest error; 
(ii) 
will be made in the sole discretion of the Issuer; and 
(iii) 
notwithstanding anything to the contrary in the documentation relating to the Covered 
Bonds, shall become effective without consent from the holders of the Covered Bonds 
or any other party. 
“Benchmark” means, initially, Compounded Daily SOFR or Compounded SOFR, as the case 
may be; provided that if the Issuer determines on or prior to the Reference Time that a 
Benchmark Transition Event and its related Benchmark Replacement Date have occurred with 
respect to Compounded Daily SOFR or, as the case may be, Compounded SOFR (or the 
relevant published SOFR rate used in the calculation thereof), as the case may be, or the then-
current Benchmark, then “Benchmark” shall mean the applicable Benchmark Replacement. 
“Benchmark Replacement” means: 
(i) 
the first alternative set forth in the order below that can be determined by the Issuer as 
of the Benchmark Replacement Date: 
(A) 
the sum of: (a) Term SOFR and (b) the Benchmark Replacement Adjustment; 
(B) 
the sum of: (a) Compounded Daily SOFR (as determined in accordance with 
Condition 3(b)(ii)(D) above) and (b) the Benchmark Replacement Adjustment; 
(C) 
the sum of: (a) the alternate rate of interest that has been selected or 
recommended by the Relevant Governmental Body as the replacement for the

--- Page 146 ---
0081160-0000146 UKO2: 2008138142.9 
146 
 
 
then-current Benchmark for the applicable Corresponding Tenor and (b) the 
Benchmark Replacement Adjustment; 
(D) 
the sum of: (a) the ISDA Fallback Rate and (b) the Benchmark Replacement 
Adjustment; or 
(E) 
the sum of: (a) the alternate rate of interest that has been selected by the Issuer 
as the replacement for the then-current Benchmark for the applicable 
Corresponding Tenor giving due consideration to any industry-accepted rate 
of interest as a replacement for the then-current Benchmark for U.S. dollar-
denominated floating rate covered bonds at such time and (b) the Benchmark 
Replacement Adjustment; 
(ii) 
In the case of Covered Bonds where the Reference Rate is SOFR, “Benchmark 
Replacement” means the first alternative set forth in the order below that can be 
determined by the Issuer as of the Benchmark Replacement Date: 
(A) 
the sum of: (a) the alternate rate of interest that has been selected or 
recommended by the Relevant Governmental Body as the replacement for the 
then-current Benchmark and (b) the Benchmark Replacement Adjustment; 
(B) 
the sum of: (a) the ISDA Fallback Rate and (b) the Benchmark Replacement 
Adjustment; or 
(C) 
the sum of: (a) the alternate rate of interest that has been selected by the Issuer 
as the replacement for the then-current Benchmark giving due consideration 
to any industry-accepted rate of interest as a replacement for the then-current 
Benchmark for U.S. dollar-denominated floating rate covered bonds at such 
time and (b) the Benchmark Replacement Adjustment; 
“Benchmark Replacement Adjustment” means the first alternative set forth in the order below 
that can be determined by the Issuer as of the Benchmark Replacement Date: 
(i) 
the spread adjustment, or method for calculating or determining such spread 
adjustment, (which may be a positive or negative value or zero) that has been selected 
or recommended by the Relevant Governmental Body for the applicable Unadjusted 
Benchmark Replacement; 
(ii) 
if the applicable Unadjusted Benchmark Replacement is equivalent to the ISDA 
Fallback Rate, the ISDA Fallback Adjustment; or 
(iii) 
the spread adjustment (which may be a positive or negative value or zero) that has 
been selected by the Issuer giving due consideration to any industry-accepted spread 
adjustment, or method for calculating or determining such spread adjustment, for the 
replacement of the then-current Benchmark with the applicable Unadjusted Benchmark 
Replacement for U.S. dollar-denominated floating rate covered bonds at such time; 
“Benchmark Replacement Conforming Changes” means, with respect to any Benchmark 
Replacement, any technical, administrative or operational changes (including changes to the 
timing and frequency of determining rates and making payments of interest, rounding of 
amounts or tenors, and other administrative matters) that the Issuer decides may be 
appropriate to reflect the adoption of such Benchmark Replacement in a manner substantially 
consistent with market practice (or, if the Issuer decides that adoption of any portion of such 
market practice is not administratively feasible or if the Issuer determines that no market

--- Page 147 ---
0081160-0000146 UKO2: 2008138142.9 
147 
 
 
practice for use of the Benchmark Replacement exists, in such other manner as the Issuer 
determines is reasonably necessary); 
“Benchmark Replacement Date” means the earliest to occur of the following events with 
respect to the then-current Benchmark (including, in the case of Compounded Daily SOFR, the 
daily published component used in the calculation thereof): 
(i) 
in the case of paragraph (i) or (ii) of the definition of “Benchmark Transition Event”, the 
later of (a) the date of the public statement or publication of information referenced 
therein and (b) the date on which the administrator of the Benchmark permanently or 
indefinitely ceases to provide the Benchmark (or such component); or 
(ii) 
in the case of paragraph (iii) of the definition of “Benchmark Transition Event”, the date 
of the public statement or publication of information referenced therein. 
For the avoidance of doubt, if the event that gives rise to the Benchmark Replacement Date 
occurs on the same day as, but earlier than, the Reference Time in respect of any 
determination, the Benchmark Replacement Date will be deemed to have occurred prior to the 
Reference Time for such determination; 
“Benchmark Transition Event” means the occurrence of one or more of the following events 
with respect to the then-current Benchmark (including, in the case of Compounded Daily SOFR, 
the daily published component used in the calculation thereof): 
(i) 
a public statement or publication of information by or on behalf of the administrator of 
the Benchmark (or such component) announcing that such administrator has ceased 
or will cease to provide the Benchmark (or such component), permanently or 
indefinitely, provided that, at the time of such statement or publication, there is no 
successor administrator that will continue to provide the Benchmark (or such 
component); or 
(ii) 
a public statement or publication of information by the regulatory supervisor for the 
administrator of the Benchmark (or such component), the central bank for the currency 
of the Benchmark (or such component), an insolvency official with jurisdiction over the 
administrator for the Benchmark (or such component), a resolution authority with 
jurisdiction over the administrator for the Benchmark (or such component) or a court or 
an entity with similar insolvency or resolution authority over the administrator for the 
Benchmark, which states that the administrator of the Benchmark (or such component) 
has ceased or will cease to provide the Benchmark (or such component) permanently 
or indefinitely, provided that, at the time of such statement or publication, there is no 
successor administrator that will continue to provide the Benchmark (or such 
component); or 
(iii) 
a public statement or publication of information by the regulatory supervisor for the 
administrator of the Benchmark announcing that the Benchmark is no longer 
representative; 
“Corresponding Tenor” with respect to a Benchmark Replacement means a tenor (including 
overnight) having approximately the same length (disregarding business day adjustment) as 
the applicable tenor for the then-current Benchmark; 
“Interpolated Benchmark” with respect to the Benchmark means the rate determined for the 
Corresponding Tenor by interpolating on a linear basis between: (A) the Benchmark for the 
longest period (for which the Benchmark is available) that is shorter than the Corresponding

--- Page 148 ---
0081160-0000146 UKO2: 2008138142.9 
148 
 
 
Tenor and (B) the Benchmark for the shortest period (for which the Benchmark is available) 
that is longer than the Corresponding Tenor; 
“ISDA Definitions” means the 2006 ISDA Definitions published by the International Swaps and 
Derivatives Association, Inc. or any successor thereto, as amended or supplemented from time 
to time, or any successor definitional booklet for interest rate derivatives published from time to 
time; 
“ISDA Fallback Adjustment” means the spread adjustment (which may be a positive or 
negative value or zero) that would apply for derivatives transactions referencing the ISDA 
Definitions to be determined upon the occurrence of an index cessation event with respect to 
the Benchmark for the applicable tenor; 
“ISDA Fallback Rate” means the rate that would apply for derivatives transactions referencing 
the ISDA Definitions to be effective upon the occurrence of an index cessation date with respect 
to the Benchmark for the applicable tenor excluding the applicable ISDA Fallback Adjustment; 
“Reference Time” with respect to any determination of the Benchmark means (i) if the 
Benchmark is Compounded Daily SOFR or Compounded SOFR, the SOFR Determination 
Time (as defined in Condition 3(b)(ii)(D) or, as the case may be, Condition 3(b)(ii)(E)), and (ii) 
if the Benchmark is not Compounded Daily SOFR or Compounded SOFR, the time determined 
by the Issuer after giving effect to the Benchmark Replacement Conforming Changes; 
“Relevant Governmental Body” means the Federal Reserve Board and/or the Federal 
Reserve Bank of New York, or a committee officially endorsed or convened by the Federal 
Reserve Board and/or the Federal Reserve Bank of New York or any successor thereto; 
“Term SOFR” means the forward-looking term rate for the applicable Corresponding Tenor 
based on SOFR (as defined in Condition 3(b)(ii)(D) above) that has been selected or 
recommended by the Relevant Governmental Body; and 
“Unadjusted Benchmark Replacement” means the Benchmark Replacement excluding the 
Benchmark Replacement Adjustment. 
Any Benchmark Replacement, Benchmark Replacement Adjustment and the specific terms of 
any Benchmark Replacement Conforming Changes, determined under this Condition 3(d) will 
be notified promptly by the Issuer to the Fiscal Agent, the Paying Agents and, in accordance 
with Condition 13, the Covered Bondholders. Such notice shall be irrevocable and shall specify 
the effective date on which such changes take effect. 
No later than notifying the Fiscal Agent of the same, the Issuer shall deliver to the Fiscal Agent 
a certificate signed by two authorised signatories of the Issuer: 
(i) 
confirming (i) that a Benchmark Transition Event has occurred, (ii) the relevant 
Benchmark Replacement and, (iii) where applicable, any Benchmark Replacement 
Adjustment and/or the specific terms of any relevant Benchmark Replacement 
Conforming Changes, in each case as determined in accordance with the provisions 
of this Condition 3(d); and 
(ii) 
certifying that the relevant Benchmark Replacement Conforming Changes are 
necessary to ensure the proper operation of such Benchmark Replacement and/or 
Benchmark Replacement Adjustment.

--- Page 149 ---
0081160-0000146 UKO2: 2008138142.9 
149 
 
 
The Benchmark Replacement and the Benchmark Replacement Adjustment (if any) and the 
Benchmark Replacement Conforming Changes (if any) specified in such certificate will (in the 
absence of manifest error in the determination of the Benchmark Replacement and the 
Benchmark Replacement Adjustment (if any) and the Benchmark Replacement Conforming 
Changes (if any) and without prejudice to the Fiscal Agent's ability to rely on such certificate as 
aforesaid) be binding on the Issuer, the Fiscal Agent, the Paying Agents and the Covered 
Bondholders. 
In connection with any such variation in accordance with this Condition 3(d), the Issuer shall 
comply with the rules of any stock exchange on which the Covered Bonds are for the time being 
listed or admitted to trading. 
(e) 
Accrual of Interest 
Subject as provided in Condition 3(f) (Interest Rate and Payments from the Maturity Date in the 
event of extension of maturity of the Covered Bonds up to the Statutory Extended Maturity 
Date), each Covered Bond (or in the case of the redemption of part only of a Covered Bond, 
that part only of such Covered Bond) will cease to bear interest (if any) from the date for its 
redemption unless, upon due presentation thereof, payment of principal is improperly withheld 
or refused. In such event, interest will continue to accrue in accordance with these Terms and 
Conditions. 
(f) 
Interest Rate and Payments from the Maturity Date in the event of extension of maturity of the 
Covered Bonds up to the Statutory Extended Maturity Date 
(i) 
If Statutory Extended Maturity is specified in the applicable Final Terms as applying to 
a Series of Covered Bonds and the maturity of those Covered Bonds is extended 
beyond the Maturity Date in accordance with Condition 5(i) (Extension of Maturity up 
to Statutory Extended Maturity Date), the Covered Bonds shall bear interest from (and 
including) the Maturity Date to (but excluding) the earlier of the relevant Interest 
Payment Date after the Maturity Date on which the Covered Bonds are redeemed in 
full or the Statutory Extended Maturity Date, subject to Condition 3(e) (Accrual of 
Interest). In that event, interest shall be payable on those Covered Bonds at the rate 
determined in accordance with Condition 3(f)(ii) on the principal amount outstanding of 
the Covered Bonds in arrear on the Interest Payment Date in each month after the 
Maturity Date in respect of the Interest Period ending immediately prior to the relevant 
Interest Payment Date, subject as otherwise provided in the applicable Final Terms. 
The final Interest Payment Date shall fall no later than the Statutory Extended Maturity 
Date. 
(ii) 
If Statutory Extended Maturity is specified in the applicable Final Terms as applying to 
a Series of Covered Bonds and the maturity of those Covered Bonds is extended 
beyond the Maturity Date in accordance with Condition 5(i) (Extension of Maturity up 
to Statutory Extended Maturity Date), the rate of interest payable from time to time in 
respect of the principal amount outstanding of the Covered Bonds on each Interest 
Payment Date after the Maturity Date in respect of the Interest Period ending 
immediately prior to the relevant Interest Payment Date will be as specified in the 
applicable Final Terms and, where applicable, determined by the Fiscal Agent or, 
where the applicable Final Terms specifies a Calculation Agent, the Calculation Agent 
so specified, two Business Days after the Maturity Date in respect of the first such 
Interest Period and thereafter as specified in the applicable Final Terms. 
(iii) 
In the case of Covered Bonds which are Zero Coupon Covered Bonds up to (and 
including) the Maturity Date and for which Statutory Extended Maturity is specified

--- Page 150 ---
0081160-0000146 UKO2: 2008138142.9 
150 
 
 
under the applicable Final Terms, for the purposes of this Condition 3(f) the principal 
amount outstanding shall be the total amount otherwise payable by the Issuer on the 
Maturity Date less any payments made by the Issuer in respect of such amount in 
accordance with these Conditions. 
4 
Payments 
(a) 
Method of Payment 
Subject as provided below: 
(i) 
payments in a Specified Currency other than euro will be made by credit or transfer to 
an account in the relevant Specified Currency (which, in the case of a payment in 
Japanese Yen to a non-resident of Japan, shall be a non-resident account) maintained 
by the payee with, or, at the option of the payee, by a cheque in such Specified 
Currency drawn on, a bank in the principal financial centre of the country of such 
Specified Currency (which, if the Specified Currency is Australian dollars or New 
Zealand dollars, shall be Sydney and Auckland respectively); and 
(ii) 
payments in euro will be made by credit or transfer to a euro account (or any other 
account to which euro may be credited or transferred) specified by the payee or, at the 
option of the payee, by a euro cheque. 
References to “Specified Currency” will include any successor currency under applicable law. 
(b) 
Payments Subject to Fiscal and Other Laws 
Payments will be subject in all cases, but without prejudice to the provisions of Condition 6, to 
(i) any fiscal or other laws and regulations applicable thereto in any jurisdiction, and (ii) any withholding 
or deduction required pursuant to an agreement described in Section 1471(b) of the U.S. Internal 
Revenue Code of 1986 (the “Code”) or otherwise imposed pursuant to Sections 1471 through 1474 of 
the Code, any regulations or agreements thereunder, any official interpretations thereof or any law 
implementing an intergovernmental approach thereto. 
(c) 
Presentation of Covered Bonds and Coupons 
Payments of principal in respect of definitive Bearer Covered Bonds will (subject as provided 
below) be made in the manner provided in paragraph (a) above only against presentation and surrender 
(or in the case of part payment of any sum due only, endorsement) of definitive Bearer Covered Bonds, 
and payments of interest in respect of definitive Bearer Covered Bonds will (subject as provided below) 
be made as aforesaid only against presentation and surrender (or in the case of part payment of any 
sum due only, endorsement) of Coupons, in each case at the specified office of any Paying Agent 
outside the United States (which expression, as used herein, means the United States of America 
(including the States and the District of Columbia, its territories, its possessions and other areas subject 
to its jurisdiction)). 
Except as provided below, all payments of interest and principal with respect to Bearer Covered 
Bonds will be made at such paying agencies outside the United States as the Issuer may appoint from 
time to time and to accounts outside the United States. 
Fixed Rate Covered Bonds in definitive bearer form (other than Long Maturity Covered Bonds 
(as defined below)) should be presented for payment together with all unmatured Coupons appertaining 
thereto (which expression shall for this purpose include Coupons falling to be issued on exchange of 
matured Talons), failing which the amount of any missing unmatured Coupon (or, in the case of payment 
not being made in full, the same proportion of the amount of such missing  unmatured Coupon as the

--- Page 151 ---
0081160-0000146 UKO2: 2008138142.9 
151 
 
 
sum so paid bears to the sum due) will be deducted from the sum due for payment. Each amount of 
principal so deducted will be paid in the manner mentioned above against surrender of the relative 
missing Coupon at any time before the expiry of 10 years after the Relevant Date (as defined in 
Condition 6 (Taxation)) in respect of such principal (whether or not such Coupon would otherwise have 
become void under Condition 7 (Prescription)) or, if later, five years from the date on which such Coupon 
would otherwise have become due, but in no event thereafter. 
Upon any Fixed Rate Covered Bond in definitive bearer form becoming due and repayable prior 
to its Maturity Date, all unmatured Talons (if any) appertaining thereto will become void and no further 
Coupons will be issued in respect thereof. 
Upon the date on which any Floating Rate Covered Bond or Long Maturity Covered Bond in 
definitive bearer form becomes due and repayable, unmatured Coupons and Talons (if any) relating 
thereto (whether or not attached) shall become void and no payment or, as the case may be, exchange 
for further Coupons shall be made in respect thereof. A “Long Maturity Covered Bond” is a Fixed Rate 
Covered Bond (other than a Fixed Rate Covered Bond which on issue had a Talon attached) whose 
nominal amount on issue is less than the aggregate interest payable thereon provided that such 
Covered Bond shall cease to be a Long Maturity Covered Bond on the Interest Payment Date on which 
the aggregate amount of interest remaining to be paid after that date is less than the nominal amount 
of such Covered Bond. 
If the due date for redemption of any definitive Bearer Covered Bond is not an Interest Payment 
Date, interest (if any) accrued in respect of such definitive Bearer Covered Bond from (and including) 
the preceding Interest Payment Date or Interest Commencement Date, as the case may be, shall be 
payable only against surrender of the relevant definitive Bearer Covered Bond. 
Payments of principal and interest (if any) in respect of Covered Bonds represented by any 
bearer global Covered Bond will (subject as provided below) be made in the manner specified above in 
relation to definitive Bearer Covered Bonds and otherwise in the manner specified in the relevant bearer 
global Covered Bond against presentation or surrender, as the case may be, of such bearer global 
Covered Bond at the specified office of any Paying Agent outside the United States. A record  of each 
payment made against presentation or surrender of such bearer global Covered Bond, distinguishing 
between any payment of principal and any payment of interest, will be made on such bearer global 
Covered Bond by such Paying Agent and such record shall be prima facie evidence that the payment 
in question has been made. 
The holder of a global Covered Bond shall be the only person entitled to receive payments in 
respect of Covered Bonds represented by such global Covered Bond and the Issuer will be discharged 
by payment to, or to the order of, the holder of such global Covered Bond in respect of each amount so 
paid. Each of the persons shown in the records of Euroclear or Clearstream, Luxembourg as the 
beneficial holder of a particular nominal amount of Covered Bonds represented by such global Covered 
Bond must look solely to Euroclear or Clearstream, Luxembourg, as the case may be, for their share 
of each payment so made by the Issuer to, or to the order of, the holder of such global Covered Bond. 
Notwithstanding the foregoing, if any amount of principal and/or interest in respect of Bearer Covered 
Bonds is payable in U.S. dollars, such U.S. dollar payments of principal and/or interest in respect of 
such Bearer Covered Bonds will be made at the specified office of a Paying Agent in the United States 
if: 
(i) 
the Issuer has appointed Paying Agents with specified offices outside the United States 
with the reasonable expectation that such Paying Agents would be able to make 
payment in U.S. dollars at such specified offices outside the United States of the full 
amount of principal and interest on the Covered Bonds in the manner provided above 
when due;

--- Page 152 ---
0081160-0000146 UKO2: 2008138142.9 
152 
 
 
(ii) 
payment of the full amount of such principal and interest at all such specified offices 
outside the United States is illegal or effectively precluded by exchange controls or 
other similar restrictions on the full payment or receipt of principal and interest in U.S. 
dollars; and 
(iii) 
such payment is then permitted under United States law without involving, in the 
opinion of the Issuer, adverse tax consequences to the Issuer. 
Payments of principal in respect of Registered Covered Bonds (whether in definitive or global 
form) will be made in the manner provided in paragraph (a) above to the persons in whose name such 
Covered Bonds are registered (i) where in global form, at the close of the business day (being for this 
purpose a day on which Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg are open for business) before the 
relevant due date, and (ii) where in definitive form, at the close of business on the business  day (being 
for this purpose a day on which banks are open for business in the city where the Registrar is located) 
immediately prior to the relevant payment date against presentation and surrender (or, in the case of 
part payment of any sum due only, endorsement) of such Covered Bonds at the specified office of the 
Registrar or the Transfer Agent. 
Payments of interest due on a Registered Covered Bond (whether in definitive or global form) 
and payments of principal on a Registered Covered Bond, will be made in the manner specified in 
paragraph (a) to the person in whose name such Covered Bond is registered (i) where in global form, 
at the close of the business day (being for this purpose a day on which Euroclear and Clearstream, 
Luxembourg are open for business) before the relevant due date, and (ii) where in definitive form, at 
the close of business on the fifteenth day (whether or not such fifteenth day is a business day (being 
for this purpose a day on which banks are open for business in the city where the specified office of the 
Registrar is located) (the “Record Date”)) prior to such due date. In the case of payments by cheque, 
cheques will be mailed to the holder (or the first named of joint holders) at such holder’s registered 
address on the business day (as described above) immediately preceding the due date. 
If payment in respect of any Registered Covered Bonds is required by credit or transfer as 
referred to in paragraph (a) above, application for such payment must be made by the holder to the 
Registrar not later than the relevant Record Date. 
Payments of principal and interest in respect of VP Systems Covered Bonds will be made to 
the Covered Bondholders shown in the records of VPS, VP, VPC or any other relevant clearing system 
(as the case may be), in accordance with and subject to the rules and regulations from time to time 
governing VPS, VP, VPC or any other relevant clearing system (as the case may be). 
(d) 
Payment Day 
If the date for payment of any amount in respect of any Covered Bond or Coupon is not a 
Payment Day, the holder thereof shall not be entitled to payment until the next following Payment Day 
in the relevant place and shall not be entitled to further interest or other payment in respect of such 
delay. For these purposes, “Payment Day” means any day which is (subject to Condition 7 
(Prescription)): 
(i) 
a day on which commercial banks and foreign exchange markets settle payments and 
are open for general business (including dealing in foreign exchange and foreign 
currency deposits) in: 
(A) 
in the case of Covered Bonds in definitive form, the relevant place of 
presentation; and 
(B) 
any Additional Financial Centre specified in the applicable Final Terms; and

--- Page 153 ---
0081160-0000146 UKO2: 2008138142.9 
153 
 
 
(ii) 
either (1) in relation to any sum payable in a Specified Currency other than euro, a day 
on which commercial banks and foreign exchange markets settle payments and are 
open for general business (including dealings in foreign exchange and foreign currency 
deposits) in the principal financial centre of the country of the relevant Specified 
Currency (if other than the place of presentation and any Additional Financial Centre 
and which, if the Specified Currency is Australian dollars or New Zealand dollars, shall 
be Sydney and Auckland respectively) or (2) in relation to any sum payable in euro, a 
day on which T2 is open. 
(e) 
Interpretation of Principal and Interest 
Any reference in these Terms and Conditions to principal in respect of the Covered Bonds shall 
be deemed to include, as applicable: 
(i) 
any additional amounts which may be payable with respect to principal under Condition 
3 (Interest) or Condition 6 (Taxation); 
(ii) 
the Final Redemption Amount of the Covered Bonds; 
(iii) 
the Early Redemption Amount of the Covered Bonds; 
(iv) 
the Optional Redemption Amount(s) (if any) of the Covered Bonds; 
(v) 
in relation to Zero Coupon Covered Bonds, the Amortised Face Amount (as defined in 
Condition 5(e) (Early Redemption Amounts)); and 
(vi) 
any premium and any other amounts (other than interest) which may be payable by the 
Issuer under or in respect of the Covered Bonds. 
Any reference in these Terms and Conditions to interest in respect of the Covered Bonds shall 
be deemed to include, as applicable, any additional amounts which may be payable with respect to 
interest under Condition 6 (Taxation) or under any undertaking or covenant given in addition thereto, or 
in substitution therefor, pursuant to the Agency Agreement. 
(f) 
Payments in respect of Swiss Domestic Covered Bonds 
Notwithstanding the foregoing provisions of this Condition 4, payments of principal and interest 
in respect of Swiss Domestic Covered Bonds shall be made only at the offices of any Swiss Paying 
Agent in Switzerland in freely disposable Swiss Francs without collection costs and whatever the 
circumstances may be, irrespective of nationality, domicile or residence of the holder of Covered Bonds 
and without requiring any certification, affidavit or the fulfilment of any other formality. Payments on the 
Swiss Domestic Covered Bonds will also be made irrespective of any present or future transfer 
restrictions and regardless of any bilateral or multilateral payment or clearing agreement which may be 
applicable at any time to such payment. 
The receipt in full by the Principal Swiss Paying Agent of the due and punctual payment of the 
funds in Swiss Francs in Zürich in the manner provided by these Conditions and in the applicable Final 
Terms shall release the Issuer from its obligations under the Swiss Domestic Covered Bonds for the 
payment of principal and interest due on the respective payment dates to the extent of such payments, 
except to the extent that there is default in the subsequent payment thereof to the holders of Covered 
Bonds or Coupons (as the case may be).

--- Page 154 ---
0081160-0000146 UKO2: 2008138142.9 
154 
 
 
5 
Redemption and Purchase 
(a) 
At Maturity 
Unless previously redeemed or purchased and cancelled as specified below, each Covered 
Bond will be redeemed by the Issuer at its Final Redemption Amount specified in the applicable Final 
Terms in the relevant Specified Currency on the Maturity Date, subject as provided below if Statutory 
Extended Maturity is specified in the applicable Final Terms. 
(b) 
Redemption for Tax Reasons 
The Covered Bonds may be redeemed at the option of the Issuer in whole, but not in part, at 
any time (if this Covered Bond is not a Floating Rate Covered Bond) or on any Interest Payment Date 
(if this Covered Bond is a Floating Rate Covered Bond), on giving not less than 30 nor more than 60 
days’ notice to the Fiscal Agent (and, in the case of VP Systems Covered Bonds, each VP Systems 
Account Manager) and, in accordance with Condition 13 (Notices), the Covered Bondholders (which 
notice shall be irrevocable), if: 
(i) 
on the occasion of the next payment due under the Covered Bonds, the Issuer has or 
will become obliged to pay additional amounts as provided or referred to  in  Condition 
6 (Taxation) as a result of any change in, or amendment to, the laws or regulations of 
the Kingdom of Norway or any political subdivision or any authority thereof or any 
authority or agency therein having power to tax, or any change in the application or 
official interpretation of such laws or regulations, which change or amendment 
becomes effective on or after the Issue Date of the first Tranche of the Covered Bonds; 
and 
(ii) 
such obligation cannot be avoided by the Issuer taking reasonable measures available 
to it, 
provided that no such notice of redemption shall be given earlier than 90 days prior to the earliest  date 
on which the Issuer would be obliged to pay such additional amounts were a payment in respect of the 
Covered Bonds then due. 
Prior to the publication of any notice of redemption pursuant to this Condition, the Issuer shall 
deliver to the Fiscal Agent and, in the case of VP Systems Covered Bonds, to each VP Systems Account 
Manager a certificate signed by two Directors of the Issuer stating that the Issuer is entitled to effect 
such redemption and setting forth a statement of facts showing that the conditions precedent to the right 
of the Issuer so to redeem have occurred, and an opinion of independent legal advisers of recognised 
standing to the effect that the Issuer has or will become obliged to pay such additional amounts as a 
result of such change or amendment. 
Covered Bonds redeemed pursuant to this Condition 5(b) will be redeemed at their Early 
Redemption Amount referred to in paragraph (e) below together (if appropriate) with interest accrued 
to (but excluding) the date of redemption. 
(c) 
Redemption at the Option of the Issuer (Issuer Call) 
If Issuer Call is specified in the applicable Final Terms, the Issuer shall, having given: 
(i) 
not less than 5 nor more than 30 Business Days’ notice to the Covered Bondholders in 
accordance with Condition 13 (Notices); and

--- Page 155 ---
0081160-0000146 UKO2: 2008138142.9 
155 
 
 
(ii) 
not less than 4 Business Days before the giving of the notice referred to in (i), notice to 
the Fiscal Agent and (in the case of a redemption of Registered Covered Bonds) the 
Registrar and (in the case of a redemption of VP Systems Covered Bonds) each VP 
Systems Account Manager, 
(which notices shall be irrevocable and shall specify the date fixed for redemption), redeem all or some 
only of the Covered Bonds then outstanding on any Optional Redemption Date and at the Optional 
Redemption Amount(s) specified in the applicable Final Terms together, if appropriate, with interest 
accrued to (but excluding) the relevant Optional Redemption Date. Any such redemption must be of a 
nominal amount not less than the Minimum Redemption Amount or not more than a Higher Redemption 
Amount in each case as may be specified in the applicable Final Terms. In the case of a partial 
redemption of Covered Bonds, the Covered Bonds (or, as the case may be, parts of  Registered 
Covered Bonds) to be redeemed (“Redeemed Covered Bonds”) will, be selected individually by lot 
without involving any part only of a Bearer Covered Bond, in the case of Redeemed Covered Bonds 
represented by definitive Covered Bonds, and in accordance with the rules of Euroclear and/or 
Clearstream, Luxembourg (to be reflected in the records of Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg 
as either a pool factor or a reduction in nominal amount, at their discretion) and/or SIX SIS AG, as the 
case may be, in the case of Redeemed Covered Bonds represented by a global Covered Bond and in 
accordance with the rules of VPS, VP, VPC or any other relevant clearing system (as the case may be), 
in the case of VP Systems Covered Bonds, in each case not more than 30 days prior to the date fixed 
for redemption (such date of selection being hereinafter called the “Selection Date”). In the case of 
Redeemed Covered Bonds represented by definitive Covered Bonds, a list of the serial numbers of 
such Redeemed Covered Bonds will be published in accordance with Condition 13 (Notices) not less 
than 15 days prior to the date fixed for redemption.  The aggregate nominal amount of Redeemed 
Covered Bonds represented by definitive Covered Bonds shall bear the same proportion to the 
aggregate nominal amount of all Redeemed Covered Bonds as the aggregate nominal amount of 
definitive Covered Bonds outstanding bears to the aggregate nominal amount of the Covered Bonds 
outstanding, in each case on the Selection Date, provided that such first mentioned nominal amount 
shall, if necessary, be rounded downwards to the nearest integral multiple of the Calculation Amount, 
and the aggregate nominal amount of Redeemed  Covered Bonds represented by a global Covered 
Bond shall be equal to the balance of the Redeemed Covered Bonds. No exchange of the relevant 
global Covered Bond will be permitted during the period from (and including) the Selection Date to (and 
including) the date fixed for redemption pursuant to this paragraph (c) and notice to that effect shall be 
given by the Issuer to the Covered Bondholders in accordance with Condition 13 (Notices) at least 5 
days prior to the Selection Date. 
(d) 
Redemption at the Option of the Covered Bondholders (Investor Put) 
If Investor Put is specified in the applicable Final Terms, upon the holder of any Covered Bond 
giving to the Issuer in accordance with Condition 13 (Notices) not less than 15 nor more than 30 days’ 
notice the Issuer will, upon the expiry of such notice, redeem, subject to, and in accordance with, the 
terms specified in the applicable Final Terms, in whole (but not in part), such Covered Bond on the 
Optional Redemption Date and at the Optional Redemption Amount together, if appropriate, with 
interest accrued to (but excluding) the Optional Redemption Date. 
If this Covered Bond is in definitive form and held outside Euroclear or Clearstream, 
Luxembourg, to exercise the right to require redemption of this Covered Bond the holder of this Covered 
Bond must deliver such Covered Bond at the specified office of any Paying Agent, in the case of Bearer 
Covered Bonds, or any Transfer Agent or the Registrar in the case of Registered Covered Bonds at 
any time during normal business hours of such Paying Agent, Transfer Agent or the Registrar falling 
within the notice period, accompanied by a duly completed and signed notice of exercise in the form 
(for the time being current) obtainable from any specified office of any Paying Agent, Transfer Agent or 
the Registrar (a “Put Notice”) and in which the holder must specify a bank account (or, if payment is by 
cheque, an address) to which payment is to be made under this Condition.

--- Page 156 ---
0081160-0000146 UKO2: 2008138142.9 
156 
 
 
If this Covered Bond is represented by a global Covered Bond or is a Covered Bond in definitive 
form and held through Euroclear or Clearstream, Luxembourg or SIX SIS AG, to exercise the right to 
require redemption of this Covered Bond the holder of this Covered Bond must, within the notice period, 
give notice to the Fiscal Agent or the Registrar of such exercise in accordance with the standard 
procedures of Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg or SIX SIS AG (which may include notice 
being given on their instruction by Euroclear or Clearstream, Luxembourg, SIX SIS AG or any common 
depositary for them to the Fiscal Agent by electronic means) in a form acceptable to Euroclear, 
Clearstream, Luxembourg or SIX SIS AG, as the case may be, from time to time and, if this Covered 
Bond is represented by a global Covered Bond in bearer form, at the same time present or procure the 
presentation of the relevant global Covered Bond to the Fiscal Agent for notation accordingly. 
If this Covered Bond is a VP Systems Covered Bonds, to exercise the right to require 
redemption of the VP Systems Covered Bonds, the holder of the VP Systems Covered Bonds, must, 
within the notice period, give notice to the relevant account operator of such exercise in accordance 
with the standard procedures of VPS, VP, VPC or any other relevant clearing system (as the case may 
be) from time to time. 
Any Put Notice given by a holder of any Covered Bond pursuant to this paragraph shall be 
irrevocable. 
(e) 
Early Redemption Amounts 
For the purpose of paragraph (b) above: 
(i) 
each Covered Bond (other than a Zero Coupon Covered Bond) will be redeemed at its 
Early Redemption Amount; and 
(ii) 
each Zero Coupon Covered Bond will be redeemed at an amount (the “Amortised 
Face Amount”) calculated in accordance with the following formula: 
Early Redemption Amount per Calculation Amount = RP x (1 + AY)y  
where: 
“RP” means the Reference Price per Calculation Amount; “AY” means the Accrual 
Yield expressed as a decimal; and 
“y” is a fraction the numerator of which is equal to the number of days (calculated on 
the basis of a 360-day year consisting of 12 months of 30 days each) from (and 
including) the Issue Date of the first Tranche of the Covered Bonds to (but excluding) 
the date fixed for redemption or (as the case may be) the date upon which such 
Covered Bond becomes due and repayable and the denominator of which is 360, or 
on such other calculation basis as may be specified in the applicable Final Terms. 
(f) 
Purchases 
The Issuer, DNB ASA or any of their respective subsidiaries may at any time purchase 
beneficially or procure others to purchase beneficially for its account Covered Bonds (provided that, in 
the case of definitive Bearer Covered Bonds, all unmatured Coupons and Talons appertaining thereto 
are purchased therewith) at any price in the open market or otherwise. Such Covered Bonds may be 
held, reissued, resold or, at the option of the Issuer, DNB ASA or any of their respective subsidiaries, 
surrendered to any Paying Agent and/or the Registrar for cancellation. 
(g) 
Cancellation

--- Page 157 ---
0081160-0000146 UKO2: 2008138142.9 
157 
 
 
All Covered Bonds which are redeemed will forthwith be cancelled (together with, in the case 
of definitive Bearer Covered Bonds, all unmatured Coupons attached thereto or surrendered therewith 
at the time of redemption). The details of all Covered Bonds so cancelled and the Covered Bonds 
purchased and cancelled pursuant to Condition 5(f) (Purchases) (together, in the case of definitive 
Bearer Covered Bonds, with all unmatured Coupons cancelled therewith) shall be forwarded to the 
Fiscal Agent and, in the case of VP Systems Covered Bonds, shall be deleted from the records of VPS, 
VP, VPC or any other relevant clearing system (as the case may be) and cannot be reissued or resold. 
(h) 
Late payment on Zero Coupon Covered Bonds 
If the amount payable in respect of any Zero Coupon Covered Bond upon redemption of such 
Zero Coupon Covered Bond pursuant to paragraph (a), (b), (c) or (d) above is improperly withheld or 
refused, the amount due and repayable in respect of such Zero Coupon Covered Bond shall be the 
amount calculated as provided in paragraph (e)(ii) above as though the references therein to the date 
fixed for the redemption were replaced by references to the date which is the earlier of: 
(i) 
the date on which all amounts due in respect of such Zero Coupon Covered Bond have 
been paid; and 
(ii) 
five days after the date on which the full amount of the moneys payable in respect of 
such Zero Coupon Covered Bonds has been received by the Fiscal Agent or the 
Registrar and notice to that effect has been given to the Covered Bondholders in 
accordance with Condition 13 (Notices). 
(i) 
Extension of Maturity up to Statutory Extended Maturity Date 
(i) 
Statutory Extended Maturity may be specified in the applicable Final Terms as applying 
to a Series of Covered Bonds. 
(ii) 
If Statutory Extended Maturity is specified in the applicable Final Terms as applying to 
a Series of Covered Bonds and the Issuer has both (i) received approval from the 
Financial Supervisory Authority of Norway (Nw. Finanstilsynet) to extend the maturity 
of the Covered Bonds by 12 months (a “Statutory Maturity Extension Approval”) and 
(ii) failed to redeem all of those Covered Bonds in full on the Maturity Date, the maturity 
of the Covered Bonds and the date on which such Covered Bonds will be due and 
repayable for the purposes of these Terms and Conditions will be automatically 
extended until the Statutory Extended Maturity Date, subject as otherwise provided for 
in the applicable Final Terms. In that event, the Issuer may redeem all or any part of 
the principal amount outstanding of the Covered Bonds on any Interest Payment Date 
falling after the Maturity Date up to and including the Statutory Extended Maturity Date 
or as otherwise provided for in the applicable Final Terms. The Issuer shall give to the 
Covered Bondholders (in accordance with Condition 13 (Notices)) and the Paying 
Agents, notice of its intention to redeem all or any of the principal amount outstanding 
of the Covered Bonds in full at least five Business Days prior to the relevant Interest 
Payment Date or, as applicable, the Extended Maturity Date. Any failure by the Issuer 
to notify such persons shall not affect the validity or effectiveness of any redemption by 
the Issuer on the relevant Interest Payment Date or as applicable, the Statutory 
Extended Maturity Date or give rise to rights in any such person. Accordingly, such 
Paying Agent will notify Clearstream, Luxembourg and Euroclear of the Issuer’s 
intention to redeem the Covered Bonds in whole, redeem the Covered Bonds in part, 
or extend the Maturity Date, promptly upon receipt of such instruction from the Issuer 
(and in any event by no later than three Business Days prior to the Maturity Date of the 
Covered Bonds).

--- Page 158 ---
0081160-0000146 UKO2: 2008138142.9 
158 
 
 
(iii) 
In the case of Covered Bonds which are Zero Coupon Covered Bonds up to (and 
including) the Maturity Date to which Statutory Extended Maturity is specified under  
the applicable Final Terms, for the purposes of this Condition 5(i) the  principal amount 
outstanding shall be the total amount otherwise payable by the Issuer on the Maturity 
Date less any payments made by the Issuer in respect of such amount in accordance 
with these Terms and Conditions. 
(iv) 
Any extension of the maturity of Covered Bonds under this Condition 5(i) shall be 
irrevocable. Where this Condition 5(i) applies, any failure to redeem the Covered Bonds 
on the Maturity Date or any extension of the maturity of Covered Bonds under this 
Condition 5(i) shall not constitute an event of default for any purpose or give any 
Covered Bondholder any right to receive any payment of interest, principal or otherwise 
on the relevant Covered Bonds other than as expressly set out in these Terms and 
Conditions. 
(v) 
In the event of the extension of the maturity of  Covered  Bonds  under  this  Condition 
5(i), interest rates, interest periods and interest payment dates on the Covered Bonds 
from (and including) the Maturity Date to (but excluding) the Statutory Extended 
Maturity Date shall be determined and made in accordance with the applicable Final 
Terms and Condition 3(f) (Interest Rate and Payments from the Maturity Date in the 
event of extension of maturity of the Covered Bonds up to the Statutory Extended 
Maturity Date). 
(vi) 
If the Issuer redeems part and not all of the principal amount outstanding of Covered 
Bonds on any Interest Payment Date falling after the Maturity Date, the redemption 
proceeds shall be applied rateably across the Covered Bonds and the principal amount 
outstanding on the Covered Bonds shall be reduced by the level of that redemption. 
(vii) 
If the maturity of any Covered Bonds is extended up to the Statutory Extended Maturity 
Date in accordance with this Condition 5(i), subject as otherwise provided for in the  
applicable Final Terms, for so long as any of those Covered Bonds remains in issue, 
the Issuer shall not issue any further mortgage Covered Bonds, unless the proceeds 
of issue of such further mortgage Covered Bonds are applied by the Issuer on issue in 
redeeming in whole or in part the relevant Covered Bonds in accordance with the terms 
hereof. 
(viii) 
This Condition 5(i) shall only apply to Covered Bonds to which (a) Statutory Extended 
Maturity is specified in the applicable Final Terms and (b) the Issuer has both (i) 
received a Statutory Maturity Extension Approval in respect of such Covered Bonds 
and (ii) failed to redeem those Covered Bonds in full on the Maturity Date.  
6 
Taxation 
All payments of principal and interest in respect of the Covered Bonds and Coupons by or on 
behalf of the Issuer will be made without withholding or deduction for or on account of any present or 
future taxes, duties, assessments or governmental charges of whatever nature imposed or levied by or 
on behalf of any Tax Jurisdiction unless such withholding or deduction is required by law. In such event, 
the Issuer will pay such additional amounts as shall be necessary in order that the net amounts received 
by the holders of the Covered Bonds or Coupons after such withholding or deduction shall equal the 
respective amounts of principal and interest which would otherwise have been receivable in respect of 
the Covered Bonds or Coupons, as the case may be, in the absence of such withholding or deduction; 
except that no such additional amounts shall be payable with respect to any Covered Bond or Coupon: 
(i) 
presented for payment in Norway; or

--- Page 159 ---
0081160-0000146 UKO2: 2008138142.9 
159 
 
 
(ii) 
the holder of which is liable for such taxes, duties, assessments or governmental 
charges in respect of such Covered Bond or Coupon by reason of their having some 
connection with a Tax Jurisdiction other than the mere holding of such Covered Bond 
or Coupon; or 
(iii) 
presented for payment more than 30 days after the Relevant Date (as defined below) 
except to the extent that the holder thereof would have been entitled to an additional 
amount on presenting the same for payment on such thirtieth day assuming that day 
to have been a Payment Day (as defined in Condition 4(d) (Payment Day)); or 
(iv) 
where such withholding or deduction is required pursuant to an agreement described 
in Section 1471(b) of the Code or otherwise imposed pursuant to Sections 1471 
through 1474 of the Code, any regulations or agreement thereunder, any official 
interpretations thereof or any law implementing an intergovernmental approach 
thereto; or 
(v) 
presented for payment by or on behalf of a holder who have been be able to avoid such 
withholding or deduction by presenting the relevant Covered Bond or Coupon to 
another Paying Agent in a Member State of the European Union. 
As used herein, 
(i) 
the “Tax Jurisdiction” means the Kingdom of Norway or any political subdivision or 
any authority thereof or therein having power to tax; and 
(ii) 
the “Relevant Date” means the date on which such payment first becomes due, except 
that, if the full amount of the moneys payable has not been duly received by the Fiscal 
Agent or the Registrar or, in the case of VP Systems Covered Bonds, the holders of 
the VP Systems Covered Bonds, as the case may be, on or prior to such due date, it 
means the date on which, the full amount of such moneys having been so received, 
notice to that effect is duly given to the Covered Bondholders in accordance with 
Condition 13 (Notices). 
7 
Prescription 
The Covered Bonds (whether in bearer, registered or uncertificated book entry form) and 
Coupons will become void unless presented for payment within a period of 10 years (in the case of 
principal) and five years (in the case of interest) after the Relevant Date (as defined in Condition 6 
(Taxation)) therefor. 
There shall not be included in any Coupon sheet issued on exchange of a Talon any Coupon 
the claim for payment in respect of which would be void pursuant to this Condition or Condition 4(c) 
(Presentation of Covered Bonds and Coupons) or any Talon which would be void pursuant to Condition 
4(c) (Presentation of Covered Bonds and Coupons). 
8 
Replacement of Covered Bonds, Coupons and Talons 
Should any Covered Bond, Coupon or Talon be lost, stolen, mutilated, defaced or destroyed, it 
may be replaced at the specified office of the Replacement Agent upon payment by the claimant of 
such costs and expenses as may be incurred in connection therewith and on such terms as to evidence 
and indemnity as the Issuer may reasonably require. Mutilated or defaced Covered Bonds, Coupons or 
Talons must be surrendered before replacements will be issued.

--- Page 160 ---
0081160-0000146 UKO2: 2008138142.9 
160 
 
 
9 
Transfer and Exchange of Registered Covered Bonds 
(a) 
Form of Registered Covered Bonds 
Registered Covered Bonds will initially be represented by a permanent global Covered Bond in 
registered form, without interest coupons (the “Registered Global Covered Bond”), registered in the 
name of a common depositary or common safekeeper, as the case may be for the accounts of Euroclear 
and Clearstream, Luxembourg. 
Subject as otherwise provided in this Condition 9, Registered Covered Bonds in definitive form 
may be exchanged or transferred in whole or in part in the authorised denominations for one or more 
definitive Registered Covered Bonds of like aggregate nominal amount. 
(b) 
Exchange of interests in Registered Global Covered Bonds for Registered Covered Bonds in 
definitive form 
Interests in the Registered Global Covered Bond will be exchangeable for Registered Covered 
Bonds in definitive form if (i) Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg, as the case may be, notifies 
the Issuer that it is unwilling or unable to continue as depositary for such Registered Global Covered 
Bond or (ii) the Issuer has been notified that either Euroclear or Clearstream, Luxembourg has been 
closed for business for a continuous period of 14 days (other than by reason of holiday, statutory or 
otherwise) or has announced its intention permanently to cease business or has in fact done so, and 
a successor depositary or alternative clearing system satisfactory to the Issuer, the Fiscal Agent, the 
other Paying Agents and the Covered Bondholders is not available, or (iii) a payment default has 
occurred and is continuing with respect to such Covered Bonds, or (iv) if the applicable Final Terms so 
permit, a written request for one or more Registered Covered Bonds in definitive form is made by a 
holder of a beneficial interest in a Registered Global Covered Bond; provided that in the case of (iv) 
such written notice or request, as the case may be, is submitted to the Registrar by the beneficial owner 
not later than 60 days prior to the requested date of such exchange. Upon the occurrence of any of the 
events described in the preceding sentence, the Issuer will cause the appropriate Registered Covered 
Bonds in definitive form to be delivered provided that, notwithstanding the above, no Registered 
Covered Bonds in definitive form will be issued until the expiry of the period that ends 40 days after 
completion of the distribution of each Tranche of Covered Bonds, as certified by the relevant Dealer, in 
the case of a non-syndicated issue, or by the Lead Manager, in the case of a syndicated issue (the 
“Distribution Compliance Period”). 
(c) 
Transfers of Registered Global Covered Bonds 
Transfers of a Registered Global Covered Bond shall be limited to transfers of such Registered 
Global Covered Bond, in whole but not in part, in accordance with the procedures of Euroclear and 
Clearstream, Luxembourg and in accordance with the terms and conditions specified in the Agency 
Agreement. 
(d) 
Exchanges and transfers of Registered Covered Bonds generally 
Registered Covered Bonds may not be exchanged for Bearer Covered Bonds and vice versa. 
Holders of Registered Covered Bonds in definitive form may exchange such Covered Bonds 
for interests in a Registered Global Covered Bond of the same type at any time. 
Transfers of beneficial interests in Registered Global Covered Bonds will be effected by 
Euroclear or Clearstream, Luxembourg, as the case may be, and, in turn, by participants in such 
clearing systems acting on behalf of beneficial transferors and transferees of such interests. A beneficial 
interest in a Registered Global Covered Bond will be transferable and exchangeable for Covered Bonds

--- Page 161 ---
0081160-0000146 UKO2: 2008138142.9 
161 
 
 
in definitive form or for a beneficial interest in another Registered Global Covered Bond only in 
accordance with the rules and operating procedures for the time being of Euroclear or Clearstream, 
Luxembourg, as the case may be (the “Applicable Procedures”). 
Upon the terms and subject to the conditions set forth in the Agency Agreement, a Registered 
Covered Bond in definitive form may be transferred in whole or in part (in the authorised denominations 
set out in the applicable Final Terms) by the holder or holders surrendering the Registered Covered 
Bond for registration of the transfer of the Registered Covered Bond (or the relevant part of the 
Registered Covered Bond) at the specified office of the Registrar or any Transfer Agent, with the form 
of transfer thereon duly executed by the holder or holders thereof or their attorney or attorneys duly 
authorised in writing and upon the Registrar or, as the case may be, the relevant Transfer Agent, after 
due and careful enquiry, being satisfied with the documents of title and the identity of the person making 
the request and subject to such reasonable regulations as the Issuer, the Fiscal Agent and the Registrar, 
or as the case may be, the relevant Transfer Agent prescribe. Subject as provided above, the Registrar 
or, as the case may be, the relevant Transfer Agent will, within three business days (being for this 
purpose a day on which banks are open for business in the city where the specified office of the 
Registrar or, as the case may be, the relevant Transfer Agent is located) of the request (or such longer 
period as may be required to comply with any applicable fiscal or other laws or regulations) authenticate 
and deliver, or procure the authentication and delivery of, at its specified office to the transferee or (at 
the risk of the transferee) send by mail to such address as the transferee may request, a new Registered 
Covered Bond in definitive form of a like aggregate nominal amount to the Registered Covered Bond 
(or the relevant part of the Registered Covered Bond) transferred. In the case of the transfer of part only 
of a Registered Covered Bond in definitive form, a new Registered Covered Bond in definitive form 
in respect of the balance of the Registered Covered Bond not transferred will be so authenticated and 
delivered or (at the risk of the transferor) sent to the transferor. 
Exchanges or transfers by a holder of a Registered Covered Bond in definitive form for an 
interest in, or to a person who takes delivery of such Covered Bond through, a Registered Global 
Covered Bond will be made no later than 60 days after the receipt by the Registrar or as the case  may 
be, relevant Transfer Agent of the Registered Covered Bond in definitive form to be so exchanged or 
transferred and, if applicable, upon receipt by the Registrar of a written certification from the transferor. 
(e) 
Registration of transfer upon partial redemption 
In the event of a partial redemption of Covered Bonds under Condition 5 (Redemption and 
Purchase), the Issuer shall not be required to register the transfer of any Registered Covered Bond,  or 
part of a Registered Covered Bond, called for partial redemption. 
(f) 
Closed Periods 
No Covered Bondholder may require the transfer of a Registered Covered Bond to be 
registered during the period of 30 days ending on the due date for any payment of principal or interest 
on that Covered Bond. 
(g) 
Costs of exchange or registration 
The costs and expenses of effecting any exchange or registration of transfer pursuant to the 
foregoing provisions (except for the expenses of delivery by other than regular mail (if any) and, if the 
Issuer shall so require, for the payment of a sum sufficient to cover any tax or other governmental 
charge or insurance charges that may be imposed in relation thereto which will be borne by the Covered 
Bondholder) will be borne by the Issuer.

--- Page 162 ---
0081160-0000146 UKO2: 2008138142.9 
162 
 
 
10 
Fiscal Agent, Paying Agents, Transfer Agents, Registrar and VP Systems Account 
Manager 
The names of the initial Fiscal Agent, the initial Registrar and the other initial Paying Agents 
and the initial Transfer Agents and their initial specified offices are set out below. If any additional Paying 
Agents, Registrars or Transfer Agents are appointed in connection with any Series, the names of such 
Paying Agents, Registrars or Transfer Agents, as the case may be, will be specified in Part B of the 
applicable Final Terms. 
The Issuer is entitled to vary or terminate the appointment of any Paying Agent or the Registrar 
or any Transfer Agent or any VP Systems Account Manager or any Calculation Agent and/or appoint 
additional or other Paying Agents or additional or other Registrars, Transfer Agents, VP Systems 
Account Managers or Calculation Agents and/or approve any change in the specified office through 
which any Paying Agent, Registrar, Transfer Agent, VP Systems Account Manager or Calculation Agent 
acts, provided that (other than in the case of Swiss Domestic Covered Bonds): 
(i) 
so long as the Covered Bonds are listed on any stock exchange or admitted to listing 
by any other relevant authority there will at all times be a Paying Agent (which may be 
the Fiscal Agent), in the case of Bearer Covered Bonds, and a Transfer Agent (which 
may be the Registrar), in the case of Registered Covered Bonds, with a specified office 
in such place as may be required by the rules and regulations of such stock exchange 
or other relevant authority; 
(ii) 
there will at all times be a Paying Agent (which may be the Fiscal Agent) with a specified 
office in a city in continental Europe outside Norway; 
(iii) 
there will at all times be a Fiscal Agent; 
(iv) 
there will at all times be a Transfer Agent having a specified office in a place approved 
by the Fiscal Agent; 
(v) 
there will at all times be a Registrar with a specified office outside the United Kingdom 
and, so long as the Covered Bonds are listed on any stock exchange, in such place as 
may be required by the rules and regulations of the relevant stock exchange; and 
(vi) 
in the case of VP Systems Covered Bonds issued from time to time, there will at all 
times be a VP Systems Account Manager authorised to act as an account operating 
institution with VPS, VP, VPC or any other relevant clearing system (as the case may 
be) and one or more Calculation Agent(s) where the Terms and Conditions of the 
relevant VP Systems Covered Bonds so require. 
In addition, the Issuer shall forthwith appoint a Paying Agent having a specified office in New 
York City in the circumstances described in the eleventh paragraph of Condition 4(c) (Presentation of 
Covered Bonds and Coupons). Notice of any variation, termination, appointment or change will be given 
to the Covered Bondholders promptly in accordance with Condition 13 (Notices). In the case of Swiss 
Domestic Covered Bonds, the Issuer will at all times maintain a Paying Agent having a specified office 
in Switzerland and will at no time appoint a Paying Agent having a specified office outside Switzerland. 
In acting under the Agency Agreement, the Paying Agents act solely as agents of the Issuer 
and do not assume any obligation to, or relationship of agency or trust with, any Covered Bondholders 
or Couponholders. The Agency Agreement contains provisions permitting any entity into which any 
Paying Agent is merged or converted or with which it is consolidated or to which it transfers all or 
substantially all of its assets to become the successor paying agent.

--- Page 163 ---
0081160-0000146 UKO2: 2008138142.9 
163 
 
 
11 
Issuer Covenants 
(i) 
Maintenance of the Issuer Cover Pool: 
For so long as the Covered Bonds are outstanding, the Value (as defined below) of the 
Issuer Cover Pool (as defined below) will at all times exceed 105 per cent. of the 
outstanding principal amount of the Covered Bonds issued under the Issuer’s 
€60,000,000,000 European Covered Bond (Premium) Programme and any other 
mortgage covered bonds of the Issuer in issue at such time. 
(ii) 
Other Issuer Covenants: 
For so long as any of the Covered Bonds are outstanding, save where the Norwegian 
Supplementary Regulations (as defined below) provide otherwise, the Issuer shall 
ensure that: 
(A) 
Composition of the Issuer Cover Pool 
(1) 
the Cover Pool (as defined under the Financial Institutions Act) 
maintained or to be maintained by the Issuer under the Financial 
Institutions Act shall comply with the requirements of the Financial 
Institutions Act and shall only include loans secured (i) by Residential 
Mortgages, (ii) by mortgages over second homes or (iii) by mortgages 
over joint debt of housing cooperatives secured by mortgages over the 
real property of such entity (in addition to receivables in the form of 
derivatives agreements specified under the Financial Institutions Act); 
and  
(2) other eligible assets as set out in Article 129 of Regulation 575/2013; 
(B) 
Loan-to-Value Ratio 
(1) 
the Value of each loan forming part of the Issuer Cover Pool which falls 
within the meaning of a specific category of mortgages under the 
Financial Institutions Act shall not exceed the percentage applicable to 
such category of mortgages (as prescribed under the Financial 
Institutions Act) of the Property Value of the property securing such 
loan at the time at which the loan is contributed to the Issuer Cover 
Pool; and 
(2) 
if at any time the Value of a loan forming part of the Issuer Cover Pool 
which falls within the meaning of a specific category of mortgages 
under the Financial Institutions Act exceeds the percentage applicable 
to such category of mortgages (as prescribed under the Financial 
Institutions Act) of the Property Value of the property securing such 
loan, only such applicable percentage of the Property Value will be 
counted towards the overall valuation of the Issuer Cover Pool, 
provided that, for the purposes of this Condition 11, “Value” shall mean 
nominal par value and shall, at any time, exclude the nominal par value of each 
loan within the Issuer Cover Pool which is in arrears for 90 days or longer at 
such time, “Property Value” shall mean the most recent valuation of the 
relevant property on which the relevant loan is secured, and at no time shall 
the Issuer Cover Pool include asset-backed securities that do not comply with

--- Page 164 ---
0081160-0000146 UKO2: 2008138142.9 
164 
 
 
the requirements of paragraph 1 Article 80 of Guideline ECB/2014/60 of the 
European Central Bank; 
(C) 
Interest Cover 
the amounts receivable by the Issuer in respect of the Issuer Cover Pool and 
under the related derivative contracts entered into by the Issuer shall be at 
least equal to or exceed the amounts payable by the Issuer under the Covered 
Bonds and the related derivative contracts entered into by the Issuer; 
(D) 
Interest Rate, Liquidity and Foreign Exchange Risks 
the Issuer’s interest rate, liquidity and foreign exchange risks shall be hedged 
or otherwise limited in accordance with the terms of the Financial Institutions 
Act; 
(E) 
Valuations 
save as expressly provided in this Condition 11, all valuations required under 
the Financial Institutions Act shall be made in compliance with the terms of the 
Financial Institutions Act; 
(F) 
Register 
a statutory register (the “Statutory Register”) of the Covered Bonds and the 
Issuer Cover Pool shall be maintained by the Issuer in accordance with the 
terms of the Financial Institutions Regulation; 
(G) 
No Encumbrance, etc. 
assets in the Issuer Cover Pool shall not be pledged, or subject to execution, 
attachment or other enforcement proceedings in favour of particular creditors 
of the Issuer, or subject to a right of set-off, right of retention or the like; and 
(H) 
Monitor 
the independent cover pool monitor appointed by the Issuer under the 
Financial Institutions Act (the “Monitor”) shall be (1) given all relevant 
information about the Issuer’s business and such other further information as 
may be requested by the Monitor, (2) given full access to the Statutory 
Register, (3) facilitated to conduct investigations at the Issuer’s premises, 
and (4) paid reasonable remuneration by the Issuer, in each case, in 
accordance with the terms of the Financial Institutions Act. 
All references to the Financial Institutions Act in this Condition 11 shall, unless the 
context requires otherwise, include the Regulations on financial institutions and 
financial groups of 9 December 2016 No. 1502 issued by the Ministry under the 
authority conferred on it by the Financial Institutions Act (the “Financial Institutions 
Regulations”) and any other supplementary regulations laid down pursuant to the 
Financial Institutions Act (any and all such regulations, the “Norwegian 
Supplementary Regulations”).

--- Page 165 ---
0081160-0000146 UKO2: 2008138142.9 
165 
 
 
12 
Exchange of Talons 
On and after the Interest Payment Date on which the final Coupon comprised in any Coupon 
sheet matures, the Talon (if any) forming part of such Coupon sheet may be surrendered at the specified 
office of the Fiscal Agent or any other Paying Agent in exchange for a further Coupon sheet including 
(if such further Coupon sheet does not include Coupons to (and including) the final date for the payment 
of interest due in respect of the Covered Bond to which it appertains) a further Talon, subject to the 
provisions of Condition 7 (Prescription). 
13 
Notices 
All notices regarding the Covered Bonds (other than VP Systems Covered which are not 
cleared through VPS, VP or VPC and Swiss Domestic Covered Bonds) will be deemed to be validly 
given (i) if published in a leading English language daily newspaper of general circulation in London or 
(ii), in the case of Covered Bonds admitted to the Official List of Euronext Dublin, if published in a 
manner which complies with the rules and regulations of Euronext Dublin. It is expected that any such 
publication in a newspaper will be made in the Financial Times or any other daily newspaper in London. 
The Issuer shall also ensure that notices are duly published in a manner which complies with the rules 
of any stock exchange (or other relevant authority) on which the Covered Bonds are for the time being 
listed or by which they have been admitted to trading including publication on the website of the relevant 
stock exchange or relevant authority if required by those rules. Any such notice will be deemed to have 
been given on the date of the first publication in all required newspapers. If publication as provided 
above is not practicable, a notice will be given in such other manner, and will be deemed to have been 
given on such date, as the Fiscal Agent shall approve. 
Until such time as any definitive Covered Bonds are issued, so long as any Global Covered 
Bonds representing the Covered Bonds are held in their entirety on behalf of Euroclear and/or 
Clearstream, Luxembourg, as the case may be, be substituted for such publication in such 
newspaper(s) the delivery of the relevant notice to Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg as the 
case may be, for communication by them to the holders of the Covered Bonds and, in addition, for so 
long as any Covered Bonds are listed on a stock exchange or are admitted to trading by another relevant 
authority and the rules of that stock exchange or relevant authority so require, such notice  will be 
published on the website of the relevant stock exchange or relevant authority and/or in a daily 
newspaper of general circulation in the place or places required by those rules. Any such notice shall 
be deemed to have been given to the holders of the Covered Bonds on the second day after the day 
on which the said notice was given to Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg, as the case may be. 
Notices to be given by any holder of the Covered Bonds (other than VP Systems Covered 
Bonds and Swiss Domestic Covered Bonds) shall be in writing and given by lodging the same, together 
with the relative Covered Bond or Covered Bonds, with the Fiscal Agent. Whilst any of the Covered 
Bonds is represented by a global Covered Bond, such notice may be given by any holder of a Covered 
Bond to the Fiscal Agent and/or Registrar via Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg, as the case 
may be, in such manner as the Fiscal Agent and/or Registrar and/or Euroclear and/or Clearstream, 
Luxembourg, as the case may be, may approve for this purpose. 
All notices regarding Swiss Domestic Covered Bonds will, save where another means of 
effective communication has been specified in the applicable Final Terms, be deemed to be validly 
given (i) if published in a leading daily newspaper with national circulation in Switzerland (which is 
expected to be the Neue Zurcher Zeitung), (ii) in the case of Swiss Domestic Covered Bonds 
represented by a Swiss Global Covered Bonds, if delivered to SIX SIS AG for communication by it to 
the persons shown in its records as having interests therein or (iii) in the case of Swiss Domestic 
Covered Bonds admitted to trading on the standard for bonds of the SIX Swiss Exchange, if published 
in electronic form on the internet website of the SIX Swiss Exchange (www.six-group.com) under the 
section headed ‘‘Official Notices’’ or otherwise in accordance with the regulations of the SIX Swiss

--- Page 166 ---
0081160-0000146 UKO2: 2008138142.9 
166 
 
 
Exchange. Provided that, in the case of Swiss Domestic Covered Bonds listed on any other stock 
exchange or admitted to trading by another relevant authority and the rules of that stock exchange or 
relevant authority so require, such notice will be published in a daily newspaper of general circulation 
in the place or places required by those rules. Any notice so given will be deemed to have been validly 
given on the date of such publication (or, if published more than once, on the date of first such 
publication) or, as the case may be, on the date of such delivery. 
In the case of VP Systems Covered Bonds, notices shall be given in accordance with the 
procedures of VPS, VP, VPC or any other relevant clearing system (as the case may be). 
14 
Meetings of Covered Bondholders 
(a) 
Holders of Bearer Covered Bonds and/or Registered Covered Bonds 
The Agency Agreement contains provisions for convening meetings of the Covered 
Bondholders (which meetings may be held at a physical place, by way of teleconference or 
videoconference (or similar electronic platform) or a combination of the foregoing) to consider any 
matter affecting their interests, including the sanctioning by Extraordinary Resolution of a modification 
of the Covered Bonds, the Coupons or any of the provisions of the Agency Agreement. Such a meeting 
may be convened by the Issuer and shall be convened by the Issuer or the Covered Bondholders if 
required in writing by Covered Bondholders holding not less than 5 per cent. in nominal amount of the 
Covered Bonds for the time being remaining outstanding (as defined in the Agency Agreement). The 
quorum at any such meeting for passing an Extraordinary Resolution is one or more persons holding 
or representing not less than 50 per cent. in nominal amount of the Covered Bonds for the time being 
outstanding (as defined in the Agency Agreement), or at any adjourned meeting one or more persons 
being or  representing Covered Bondholders whatever the nominal amount of the Covered Bonds so 
held or represented, except that at any meeting the business of which includes the modification of 
certain provisions of the Covered Bonds or Coupons or the Agency Agreement (including modifying the 
date of maturity of the Covered Bonds or any date for payment of interest thereof, reducing or cancelling 
the amount of principal or the rate of interest payable in respect of the Covered Bonds or altering the 
currency of payment of the Covered Bonds or Coupons), the quorum shall be one or more persons 
holding or representing not less than two-thirds in aggregate nominal amount of the Covered Bonds for 
the time being outstanding (as defined in the Agency Agreement), or at any adjourned such meeting 
one or more persons holding or representing not less than one-third in aggregate nominal amount of 
the Covered Bonds for the time being outstanding (as defined in the Agency Agreement). An 
Extraordinary Resolution passed at any meeting of the Covered Bondholders shall be binding on all the 
Covered Bondholders, whether or not they are present at the meeting, and on all Couponholders. 
(b) 
Holders of VP Systems Covered Bonds 
The Agency Agreement contains provisions for convening meetings of the Covered 
Bondholders to consider any matter affecting their interests, including the sanctioning by Extraordinary 
Resolution of a modification of the VP Systems Covered Bonds or any of the provisions of the Agency 
Agreement. Such a meeting may be convened by the Issuer or the Covered Bondholders and shall be 
convened by the Issuer if required in writing by Covered Bondholders holding not less than 5 per cent. 
in nominal amount of the VP Systems Covered Bonds for the time being remaining outstanding. The 
quorum at any such meeting for passing an Extraordinary Resolution is one or more persons holding a 
certificate (dated no earlier than 14 days prior to the meeting) from either VPS, VP, VPC or any other 
relevant clearing system (as the case may be) or a VP Systems Account Manager stating that the holder 
is entered into the records of VPS, VP, VPC or any other relevant clearing system (as the case may 
be) as a Covered Bondholder or representing not less than 50 per cent. in nominal amount of the VP 
Systems Covered Bonds for the time being outstanding and providing an undertaking that no transfers 
or dealing have taken place or will take place in the relevant VP Systems Covered Bonds until the 
conclusion of the meeting, or at any adjourned meeting one or more persons being or representing

--- Page 167 ---
0081160-0000146 UKO2: 2008138142.9 
167 
 
 
Covered Bondholders whatever the nominal amount of the Covered Bonds so held or represented, 
except that at any meeting the business of which includes the modification of certain provisions of the 
VP Systems Covered Bonds or the Agency Agreement (including modifying the date of maturity of the 
VP Systems Covered Bonds or any date for payment of interest thereof, reducing or cancelling the 
amount of principal or the rate of interest payable in respect of the VP Systems Covered Bonds or 
altering the currency of payment of the VP Systems Covered Bonds), the quorum shall be one or more 
persons holding or representing not less than two-thirds in aggregate nominal amount of the Covered 
Bonds for the time being outstanding, or at any adjourned such meeting one or more persons holding 
or representing not less than one-third in aggregate nominal amount of the Covered Bonds for the time 
being outstanding. An Extraordinary Resolution passed at any meeting of the Covered Bondholders 
shall be binding on all the Covered Bondholders, whether or not they are present at the meeting. 
For the purposes of a meeting of Covered Bondholders, the person named in the certificate 
from VPS, VP, VPC or any other relevant clearing system (as the case may be) or a VP Systems 
Account Manager described above shall be treated as the holder of the VP Systems Covered Bonds 
specified in such certificate provided that they have given an undertaking not to transfer the VP Systems 
Covered Bonds so specified (prior to the close of the meeting) and the Fiscal Agent shall be entitled  to 
assume that any such undertaking is validly given, shall not enquire as to its validity and enforceability, 
shall not be obliged to enforce any such undertaking and shall be entitled to rely on the same. 
15 
Further Issues 
The Issuer shall be at liberty from time to time without the consent of the Covered Bondholders 
or Couponholders to create and issue further covered bonds (“Further Covered Bonds”) having terms 
and conditions the same as the Covered Bonds or the same in all respects save for the amount and 
date of the first payment of interest thereon and the date which interest starts to accrue and so that the 
same shall be consolidated and form a single Series with the outstanding Covered Bonds. 
16 
Contracts (Rights of Third Parties) Act 1999 
No person shall have any right to enforce any term or condition of the Covered Bonds under 
the Contracts (Rights of Third Parties) Act 1999. 
17 
Governing law and submission to jurisdiction 
(a) 
The Agency Agreement, the Covered Bonds and the Coupons and any non-contractual 
obligations arising out of or in connection with any of them shall be governed by, and 
construed in accordance with, English law except that the provisions of the Covered 
Bonds under Condition 2 and Condition 11 are governed by, and shall be construed in 
accordance with, Norwegian law. VP Systems Covered Bonds must comply with the 
relevant regulations and legislation (as amended from time to time) of VPS, VP or VPC 
(as the case may be) and the holders of VP Systems Covered Bonds will be entitled to 
the rights and are subject to the obligations and liabilities which arise under (i) the 
Norwegian Securities Depository Act of 15 March 2019 no. 6 and any related 
regulations and legislation, in the case of Covered Bonds registered in a Securities 
Depository approved or acknowledged under the EU central securities depositories 
(CSD) regulation (Regulation (EU) No 909/2014 of 23 July 2014 on improving securities 
settlement in the European Union and on central securities depositories and amending 
Directives 98/26/EC and 2014/65/EU and Regulation (EU) No 236/2012) which, unless 
otherwise specified in the applicable Final Terms, will be VPS, (ii) the relevant 
regulations and legislation in Sweden, in the case of Covered Bonds registered at VPC, 
and (iii) the relevant regulations and legislation in Denmark, in the case of Covered 
Bonds registered at VP.

--- Page 168 ---
0081160-0000146 UKO2: 2008138142.9 
168 
 
 
(b) 
The Issuer agrees, for the exclusive benefit of the Paying Agents, the Covered 
Bondholders and the Couponholders, that the courts of England are to have jurisdiction 
to settle any disputes which may arise out of or in connection with the Agency 
Agreement, the Covered Bonds and/or the Coupons and that accordingly any suit, 
action or proceedings (together referred to as “Proceedings”) arising out of or in 
connection with the Agency Agreement, the Covered Bonds and the Coupons may be 
brought in such courts. 
The Issuer hereby irrevocably waives any objection which it may have now or hereafter 
to the laying of the venue of any such Proceedings in any such court and any claim that any 
such Proceedings have been brought in an inconvenient forum and hereby further irrevocably 
agrees that a judgment in any such Proceedings brought in the courts of England shall be 
conclusive and binding upon it and may be enforced in the courts of any other jurisdiction. 
Nothing contained in this Condition shall limit any right to take Proceedings against the 
Issuer in any other court of competent jurisdiction, nor shall the taking of Proceedings in one or 
more jurisdictions preclude the taking of Proceedings in any other jurisdiction, whether 
concurrently or not. 
The Issuer appoints DNB Bank ASA (London Branch) at its registered office for the 
time being at 20 St Dunstan’s Hill, London EC3R SHY as its agent for service of process, and 
undertakes that, in the event of DNB Bank ASA (London Branch) ceasing so to act or ceasing 
to be registered in England, it will appoint another person approved by the Fiscal Agent as its 
agent for service of process in England in respect of any Proceedings. 
Nothing herein shall affect the right to serve proceedings in any other manner permitted 
by law.

--- Page 169 ---
0081160-0000146 UKO2: 2008138142.9 
169 
 
 
DESCRIPTION OF CERTAIN NORWEGIAN LEGISLATION RELATING TO COVERED BONDS  
The following presents certain features of Norwegian law governing the issuance of covered 
bonds in Norway at the date of this Base Prospectus. The following does not purport to be, and is not, 
a complete description of all aspects of the Norwegian legislative and regulatory framework pertaining 
to covered bonds. 
As of the date of this Base Prospectus, the main legislation which governs covered bonds is 
Chapter 11, sub-chapter II of the Financial Institutions Act and Chapter 11 of the Financial Institutions 
Regulations. Both the Financial Institutions Act and the Financial Institutions Regulation have been 
updated to comply with Directive (EU) 2019/2162 and changes to the CRR, which entered into force on 
8 July 2022. The updates to the Financial Institutions Act and the Financial Institutions Regulation also 
came into force on 8 July 2022. 
For the avoidance of doubt, references in this section to “covered bonds” are to European 
covered bonds (premium) issued by a Credit Institution (as defined below) under any of its programmes 
and references in this section to “Cover Pool” are to a cover pool with respect to any such covered 
bonds. 
Financial Institutions Act 
Under the Financial Institutions Act Section 11-5, certain Norwegian Credit Institutions (“Credit 
Institution” as defined by the Financial Institutions Act) may issue covered bonds (obligasjoner med 
fortrinnsrett), as defined in Section 11-6 of the Financial Institutions Act, provided that the articles of 
association comply with prescribed mandatory requirements. The covered bonds can be issued either 
as covered bonds (ordinary) or European covered bonds (premium). In order for the relevant Credit 
Institution to issue European covered bonds (premium), it must comply with (i) the requirements given 
in or pursuant to Sections 11-7 to 11-15 of the Financial Institutions Act and (ii) any special requirements 
for overcollateralisation, composition and valuation of the collateral laid down by the Ministry in 
regulations. 
A Credit Institution must hold a licence issued by the Ministry (or pursuant to delegation, the 
NFSA). According to the Financial Institutions Act Section 2-8 the licence confers the right to receive 
repayable funds other than deposits from the public and to provide credit and furnish guarantees for its 
own account. A Credit Institution is also required to obtain additional approvals in order to issue covered 
bonds, as further described below. The Issuer is a Credit Institution as defined by the Financial 
Institutions Act, has received the required licence, has articles of association that meet the mandatory 
requirements and, consequently, may issue covered bonds. 
The Financial Institutions Act Section 11-15 provides that holders of covered bonds (and also 
counterparties under derivatives contracts entered into for hedging purposes in relation to the covered 
bonds) have an exclusive and prioritised right of claim, on a pari passu basis between themselves and 
the counterparties under derivatives agreements relating to the covered bonds, over a pool of certain 
security assets. 
Under Norwegian law, an issuer of bonds, such as an issuer of covered bonds, must register 
the bonds in electronic book entry form by registration in accordance with Section 3-1 of the Norwegian 
Securities Depository Act of 15 March 2019 no. 6 in a Securities Depository approved or acknowledged 
under the EU central securities depositories (CSD) regulation (Regulation (EU) No 909/2014 of 23 July 
2014 on improving securities settlement in the EU and on central securities depositories and amending 
Directives 98/26/EC and 2014/65/EU and Regulation (EU) No 236/2012) if the bonds are issued in 
Norway. If the bonds are issued outside Norway, and (a) if in NOK, they can only be subscribed for by 
entities not residing in Norway, or (b) if in a currency other than NOK, there is no requirement for VPS 
registration.

--- Page 170 ---
0081160-0000146 UKO2: 2008138142.9 
170 
 
 
Notification and approval 
Credit Institutions that want to issue covered bonds that are not covered by an existing licence 
shall send an application for approval of a new covered bond programme to the NFSA. When applying 
for a licence pursuant to Section 3-1 of the Financial Institutions Act, the relevant Credit Institution shall 
provide certain information as mentioned in Section 11-7 of the Financial Institutions Act. The 
information required includes establishing that (i) the relevant Credit Institution has a satisfactory 
operating plan for the issuance of covered bonds, (ii) the relevant Credit Institution has satisfactory 
routines, processes and methods for safeguarding investor protection with regard to approval, change, 
renewal and refinancing of loans or other assets that are included in the relevant Cover Pool, (iii) 
persons who are to lead or perform tasks under the relevant Credit Institution’s covered bond 
programme, have satisfactory qualifications and knowledge of the issuance of covered bonds and 
administration of the program, and (iv) the administrative organisation of the relevant Credit Institution’s 
Cover Pool and the procedures in place to monitor such Cover Pool meets the requirements set out in 
the Financial Institutions Act. 
A Credit Institution shall notify the NFSA no later than 30 days before issuing covered bonds 
for the first time under the new regulation.  
On 23 August 2022, the NFSA approved the Issuer’s application of a new covered bond 
programme to issue European covered bonds (premium) under the new regulation.  
Register requirements and investor information 
According to Section 11-13 of the Financial Institutions Act, a Credit Institution must maintain a 
register of the covered bonds they issue and of the Cover Pool assigned thereto (the “Statutory 
Register”). The register shall at all times contain up-to-date information on all transactions undertaken 
under the relevant covered bond programme, as well as the value of the bonds and the Cover Pool for 
each of its covered bond programmes. The relevant Credit Institution shall publish information that 
enables investors to assess the profile and risk of its covered bond programme. If the maturity of its 
outstanding covered bonds can be extended in accordance with Section 11-12 of the Financial 
Institutions Act, a Credit Institution shall also publish information on the maturity extension structure, 
including which events provide the basis for extension of the maturity.  
The information shall be published on the webpage of the relevant Credit Institution, be updated 
as a minimum every quarter and include, as a minimum, the information set out in Section 11-9 of the 
Financial Institutions Regulation. The required information includes (i) the value of the relevant Cover 
Pool and outstanding covered bonds, (ii) a list of ISIN codes for all covered bond issues under that 
covered bond programme, to which an ISIN has been attributed, (iii) the geographical distribution and 
types of receivables in the relevant Cover Pool and the size of the receivables and the valuation method 
used, (iv) further information on market risk, including interest rate risk and currency risk, as well as 
credit and liquidity risk, (v) the maturity structure of the receivables in the relevant Cover Pool and 
outstanding bonds with preferential rights, including an overview of the extension triggers if applicable, 
(vi) the level of required and available coverage, and the levels of statutory, contractual and voluntary 
overcollateralisation, and (vii) the percentage of loans where a default is considered to have occurred 
in accordance with Article 178 of the CRR and in any case where the loans are more than 90 days past 
due. 
In accordance with the Financial Institutions Act, a Credit Institution may establish a separate 
Statutory Register for the issue of covered bonds relating to a different Cover Pool. If there is more than 
one Cover Pool, the relevant Credit Institution must identify against which Cover Pool a covered 
bondholder will hold a preferential claim. Where a Credit Institution has made two or more issues of 
covered bonds which have a preferential claim against different Cover Pools, substitute assets shall be 
held in separate bank accounts for each Cover Pool. As at the date of this Base Prospectus, the Issuer

--- Page 171 ---
0081160-0000146 UKO2: 2008138142.9 
171 
 
 
has only one Cover Pool, which is used for the Programme and any other mortgage covered bonds that 
it may issue from time to time. The Issuer may, in accordance with the relevant provisions of the 
Financial Institutions Act, maintain more than one Cover Pool in the future (which may involve a split or 
reorganisation of the existing Issuer Cover Pool) and, if it does so, the Issuer will identify against which 
Issuer Cover Pool the relevant Covered Bondholders will have a preferential claim. 
Each Statutory Register must comply with requirements in the Financial Institutions Regulation 
Section 11-5 and at all times contain detailed information on, amongst other things, the nominal value 
of the covered bonds, the related derivatives agreements and the assets which constitute the Cover 
Pool. Consequently, any Statutory Register must be updated on a regular basis to include any changes 
in relevant information. 
Such registration is not in itself conclusive evidence of the contents of the Cover Pool pertaining 
to the covered bonds, but shall, according to statements in the preparatory works to the Norwegian 
legislation concerning covered bonds, serve as strong evidence. 
Benefit of a prioritised claim 
Pursuant to Section 11-15 of the Financial Institutions Act, in case of crisis management or 
liquidation under public administration of a Credit Institution, the holders of covered bonds issued by 
the relevant Credit Institution (and also counterparties under derivatives contracts entered into for 
hedging purposes in relation to the covered bonds) have an exclusive, equal and pro rata prioritised 
claim over the Cover Pool pertaining to such covered bonds. 
Credit Institutions are not subject to ordinary bankruptcy proceedings. Instead, Credit 
Institutions experiencing financial difficulties may be placed under public administration. The prioritised 
claims will rank ahead of all other claims, save for claims relating to the fees and expenses of an 
administrative board appointed under a public administration. According to the provisions of Section 6-
4 of the Liens Act, a future administrative board of the Credit Institution will have a first priority lien over 
all of the assets included in the Cover Pool as security for fees and expenses incurred by the 
administrative board in connection with the administration of the Credit Institution, ranking ahead of the 
claims of holders of covered bonds and of the counterparties to the relevant derivatives agreements. 
Such liens will, however, be limited to 700 times the standard Norwegian court fee (NOK 1,277 at the 
date of this Base Prospectus, leading to a total maximum liens of NOK 893,900 as at the date of this 
Base Prospectus) in respect of each Cover Pool. Pursuant to the Financial Institutions Regulation, costs 
incurred by the administrative board in administering a Cover Pool may be recovered by the estate 
before holders of covered bonds receive payments from loans and receivables in the Cover Pool. 
By virtue of the priority established by the Financial Institutions Act, claims of the holders of 
covered bonds and of the counterparties to the relevant derivatives agreements against a Credit 
Institution which has issued covered bonds will rank ahead of claims of all other creditors of the Credit 
Institution with respect to the Cover Pool pertaining to such covered bonds and derivative agreements 
(save for the priority described above granted to an administrative board in respect of costs, fees and 
expenses). 
Payment obligations attached to the relevant covered bonds shall not be subject to automatic 
acceleration of maturity in case of crisis management or liquidation under public administration of the 
Credit Institution. 
Pursuant to Section 11-10 (3) of the Financial Institutions Act, loans and receivables that are 
part of the relevant Cover Pool may not be pledged or made subject to disbursement, arrest or other 
coercive transaction in favour of some of the relevant Credit Institution's creditors. Nor can a right of 
set-off, right of retention or the like be declared or agreed in claims that are included in the relevant 
Cover Pool. However, an exemption to the prohibition against set-off has been made for European

--- Page 172 ---
0081160-0000146 UKO2: 2008138142.9 
172 
 
 
covered bonds (premium) in relation to derivative agreements, as further described in the Financial 
Institutions Regulation Section 11-6. 
Extension of Maturity 
Section 11-8 of the Financial Institutions Regulation states that the maturity of covered bonds 
may be extended by the relevant issuer by 12 months, subject to consent from the NFSA. Such NFSA 
consent will be granted if (i) it is reasonable to assume that the relevant issuer will, in the near future, 
be subject to a “crisis” (as referred to in the second pararagh of Section 20-15 of the Financial 
Institutions Act), and that there is no reasonable prospect that other measures may prevent the relevant 
issuer from being affected by the “crisis”, or (ii) the Norwegian Ministry of Finance has resolved to place 
the relevant issuer under resolution or public administration proceedings in accordance with the first 
paragraph of Section 20-15 of the Financial Institutions Act or the first paragraph of Section 20-29 of 
the Financial Institutions Act respectively.  
The maturity can only be extended if there is reasonable reason to assume that the obligations 
may be covered within 12 months. Further, such maturity extension may only be granted if the maturity 
extension does not affect the ranking of the covered bond investors. If such consent is given by the 
NFSA, the amount outstanding of the relevant covered bonds not redeemed will automatically be 
extended. 
Cover Pool – composition of assets 
Pursuant to Section 11-8 of the Financial Institutions Act and the first paragraph of Section 11-
4 of the Financial Institutions Regulation, a Cover Pool for covered bonds (premium) may only consist 
of receivables that meet the requirements set out in Article 129 of the CRR. Issuances under European 
covered bond (premium) programmes must meet the requirements of both Section 11-8 of the Financial 
Institutions Act and Section 11-4 of the Financial Institutions Regulation, while issuances under covered 
bonds (ordinary) programmes must only meet the requirements of Section 11-8 of the Financial 
Institutions Act.  
Article 129 of the CRR sets out detailed requirements for eligible assets to be included in the 
Cover Pool for European covered bonds (premium). For Residential Mortgages (defined below), the 
maximum LTV ratio is 80 per cent. The applicable LTV ratios are further described below.  
Receivables that meet the requirements set out in Article 129 of the CRR includes loans 
secured by mortgages (“Mortgages”) over certain classes of assets, such as real property, loans 
granted to or guaranteed by certain governmental bodies (“Government Loans”), receivables in the 
form of certain derivatives agreements and certain supplemental assets. 
The Mortgages may include residential mortgages, mortgages over other title documents 
relating to residences (together with the former, “Residential Mortgages”) and mortgages over other 
real property (“Other Property Mortgages”). The real property and the registered assets which serve 
as security for the loans included in a Cover Pool must be located in a member state of the European 
Economic Area (“EEA”), and the loan must be granted in the country where the property is located or, 
in relation to governmental loans, in the country where the borrower or the guarantor is domiciled. 
Cover Pool – segregation and protection 
Pursuant to Section 11-10 of the Financial Institutions Act, the relevant Credit Institution shall 
at all times be able to identify all receivables that are included in its Cover Pool. Receivables that are 
included in the relevant Cover Pool shall be subject to legally binding and enforceable segregation from 
the other activities of the relevant Credit Institution. If the relevant Credit Institution has several Cover 
Pools, the requirement for segregation also applies between each such Cover Pool. Covered bonds

--- Page 173 ---
0081160-0000146 UKO2: 2008138142.9 
173 
 
 
issued under various covered bond programmes shall have a preferential right to coverage in separate 
Cover Pools. 
The relevant Credit Institution shall have procedures in place to monitor that the physical assets 
provided as collateral for receivables included in the relevant Cover Pool are insured against the risk of 
damage. The relevant Cover Pool must also be sufficiently risk diversified. 
LTV ratios (and other restrictions) 
Pursuant to Section 11-4 of the Financial Institutions Regulation, with reference to the 
requirements set out in Article 129 of the CRR, when calculating the value of Cover Pool assets 
consisting of loans secured by Mortgages, the following LTV requirements apply: 
(1) 
Loans secured by Residential Mortgages may not exceed 80 per cent. of the value of 
the property; and 
(2) 
Loans secured by Other Property Mortgages may not exceed 60 per cent. of the value 
of the property. 
In addition, the relevant Credit Institution must at all times have a liquidity buffer as further described 
below. 
Over-collateralisation and Valuations 
Section 11-7 of the Financial Institutions Regulation requires that a Credit Institution shall at all 
times have an overcollateralisation of at least five per cent. of the nominal value of outstanding bonds 
with a preferential right to coverage in the relevant Cover Pool.  
The calculation of the value of Cover Pool assets consisting of loans secured by real property 
or other registered assets is required to be made on a prudent basis, and such prudent value may not 
exceed the market value of each individual asset according to the Financial Institutions Act Section 11-
9. The estimation of the value is required to be made by a competent and independent person (i.e., a 
person without involvement in the credit granting process) and be documented, and such 
documentation is required to include information on who performed the calculation and the principles 
on which the calculation was based. The value of residential property may, however, be based on 
statistical models according to requirements set out in a separate regulation. Defaulted loans shall be 
disregarded for purposes of the valuation. 
The value basis as mentioned above shall be monitored and, if necessary, renewed in 
accordance with rules laid down by the Ministry in regulations. 
Derivative agreements shall be valued at a satisfactory market value in line with the principles 
for measuring fair value in IFRS 13. 
Balance and liquidity requirements 
In order to ensure compliance with the above-mentioned requirement that the value of a Cover 
Pool must at least be 105 per cent. of the value of the covered bonds which are secured by the Cover 
Pool, each Credit Institution issuing covered bonds is required to establish systems for continued control 
of the development of the value of the Cover Pool assets, and to monitor the development of the relevant 
market situations. If developments in the market situation or in the situation pertaining to an individual 
asset so warrants, the Credit Institution is required to ensure that a renewed calculation of the value is 
performed.

--- Page 174 ---
0081160-0000146 UKO2: 2008138142.9 
174 
 
 
Furthermore, Section 11-12 of the Financial Institutions Act requires that the relevant Credit 
Institution ensures that the cash flow from the Cover Pool at all times is sufficient to enable such Credit 
Institution to honour its payment obligations to the holders of covered bonds, its payment obligations to 
counterparties under related derivatives agreements and expected costs for operation and liquidation 
of the covered bond programme to which each Cover Pool relates. The relevant Credit Institution may 
enter into interest rate and currency contracts to meet this requirement. 
The relevant Credit Institution shall at all times have a liquidity buffer ("Liquidity Buffer") in the 
Cover Pool that at least corresponds to the net liquidity outflow in the relevant covered bond programme 
for the next 180 days. When calculating the Liquidity Buffer, the relevant Credit Institution may take into 
account the relevant extended maturity period (such period as described in “Extension of Maturity” 
above). 
The Liquidity Buffer shall consist of assets that qualify as level 1, level 2A or level 2B truncated 
in accordance with Article 460 of the CRR. In addition, short-term exposures to credit institutions in risk 
class 1 or 2 and short-term deposits in credit institutions that qualify for risk class 1, 2 or 3 may be 
included. Assets in default are not allowed to be included in the Liquidity Buffer. 
The relevant Credit Institution is required to maintain liquid assets exceeding projected net 
liquidity outflows over a period of 30 days under stressed conditions under Regulation (EU) 2015/61 
(the “LCR Regulation”), incorporated in Norwegian law through the Regulation on Capital Requirement 
and National Adaptation of CRR/CRD IV (regulation number FOR-2014-08-22-1097). The liquidity 
requirements set forth by the transposition of the Covered Bond Directive and the liquidity requirements 
set forth in the LCR Regulation are coordinated to avoid duplication, as assets included in the cover 
pool liquidity buffer may be counted towards the LCR Regulation liquidity requirement 
Monitor 
Before a Credit Institution issues covered bonds, the relevant Credit Institution must, according 
to Section 11-14 of the Financial Institutions Act, appoint a Cover Pool monitor ("Monitor") to perform 
ongoing monitoring of the relevant Cover Pool. The relevant Credit Institution shall notify the NFSA of 
who is appointed as Monitor. 
The Monitor is required to monitor the relevant Cover Pool and the Statutory Register. The 
Monitor shall regularly inform the NFSA of its findings and assessments. It shall at least every three 
months control that the requirements for the relevant Cover Pool, overcollateralisation, liquidity, 
registration and investor information are met. Furthermore, it shall annually provide the NFSA with an 
account of the controls performed. If the Monitor has reason to believe that the relevant Credit Institution 
has not met the requirements, the Monitor shall notify the NFSA as soon as possible.  
The relevant Credit Institution has a duty to provide the Monitor with all relevant information 
about its business. The Monitor shall have full access to the relevant Credit Institution's register and 
may demand further information from the relevant Credit Institution. The Monitor also has the right to 
conduct investigations at the offices of the relevant Credit Institution. 
The Monitor must be a state-authorised public accountant. Following Section 11-5 of the 
Financial Institutions Regulation, the appointed external or internal auditor of the relevant Credit 
Institution cannot be the Monitor. 
As at the date of this Base Prospectus, the Issuer's Monitor pursuant to Section 11-14 of the 
Financial Institutions Act is PwC. 
Cover Pool administration in the event of public administration

--- Page 175 ---
0081160-0000146 UKO2: 2008138142.9 
175 
 
 
Credit Institutions experiencing financial difficulties may be placed under public administration 
if the conditions for resolution are otherwise met but the Ministry of Finance does not consider that 
resolution would be in the public interest. Public administration entails that the institution’s former 
governing bodies are replaced by a public administration board (an “administrative board”) which 
assumes control over the institution. The administrative board will attempt to either restructure the 
institution and continue its business, or in the absence of viable alternatives, liquidate the institution and 
distribute its assets to the creditors. 
Public administration does not in itself give the right to accelerate claims. If a Credit Institution 
which has issued covered bonds is placed under public administration pursuant to the Financial 
Institutions Act, and the Cover Pool meets the requirements of the Financial Institutions Act and the 
Financial Institutions Regulation, the administrative board must, according to the Financial Institutions 
Act Section 11-15 ensure that, to the extent possible, the holders of covered bonds and  counterparties 
to related derivatives agreements receive timely payment of their respective claims, such payments to 
be made from the Cover Pool for the duration of the public administration of the Credit Institution. 
If the administrative board is unable to make timely payments to the covered bondholders or 
the counterparties to the related derivatives agreements, the administrative board must set a date for 
suspension of payments, and inform interested parties of this as soon as possible. If suspension of 
payments is initiated, further administration of the Credit Institution will be conducted in accordance with 
general Norwegian bankruptcy legislation. The claims of the covered bondholders and counterparties 
to related derivatives agreements, in respect of all series of covered bonds in issue, will continue to 
have a prioritised claim against the relevant Cover Pool.

--- Page 176 ---
0081160-0000146 UKO2: 2008138142.9 
176 
 
 
THE ISSUER COVER POOL  
Composition of assets 
The Financial Institutions Act and Financial Institutions Regulation prescribes that a Cover Pool 
may only consist of certain assets, which include loans secured by various types of mortgages, and 
requires that loans secured by the Residential Mortgages in such Cover Pool do not exceed 80 per 
cent. of the value of the collateral security and that loans secured by Other Mortgages in the relevant 
Cover Pool do not exceed 60 per cent. of the value of the collateral security. See “Description of Certain 
Norwegian Legislation Relating to Covered Bonds”. As of the date of this Base Prospectus, the Issuer 
Cover Pool primarily consists of Residential Mortgages, but also mortgages over second homes, 
mortgages over joint debt of housing cooperatives and receivables in the form of certain derivative 
agreements (hedging the interest rate and foreign currency risk in the Issuer Cover Pool) and amounts 
held by the Issuer on deposit with the Bank. 
A substantial majority (83.5 per cent. as of 31 March 2024) of the Mortgage Loans in the Issuer 
Cover Pool consists of Mortgage Loans secured by privately owned dwellings. Mortgage Loans secured 
by dwellings owned by housing cooperatives (shares in housing cooperatives) account for most of the 
remaining part (13.4 per cent. as of 31 March 2024) of the Mortgage Loans in the Issuer Cover Pool. 
Furthermore, a small part of the Mortgage Loans in the Issuer Cover Pool (2.9 per cent. as of 31 March 
2024) consists of Mortgage Loans collateralised by buildings owned by housing cooperatives 
(mortgages over joint debt of housing cooperatives). It is not expected that the proportion of joint debt 
of housing cooperatives will exceed 5 per cent. of the Issuer Cover Pool in the future. As from March 
2011, the Issuer began to include loans secured by mortgages over second homes in the Issuer Cover 
Pool. The Issuer has not included loans secured by second homes in the Issuer Cover Pool since 
January 2013, however this may be reconsidered at a future point in time. As of 31 March 2024, these 
mortgage loans amounted to 0.1 per cent. of the Issuer Cover Pool. All properties securing Mortgage 
Loans in the Issuer Cover Pool are located in Norway. 
The amount of derivative contracts in the Issuer Cover Pool fluctuates with market conditions. 
The amount on deposit with the Bank is modest and fluctuates with the Issuer's general 
business. 
The Issuer covenants under the Terms and Conditions of the Covered Bonds that the Cover 
Pool maintained by the Issuer under the Financial Institutions Act will comply with the requirements of 
the Financial Institutions Act and will only include loans secured by Residential Mortgages, mortgages 
over second homes or mortgages over joint debt of housing cooperatives in addition to receivables in 
the form of certain derivatives agreements specified under the Financial Institutions Act and substitute 
assets (as defined under the Financial Institutions Act) (together the “Issuer Cover Pool”). All 
references to the Cover Pool under the Financial Institutions Act shall be construed as the Issuer Cover 
Pool with respect to the Issuer, the Programme, the Covered Bonds and any matters relating to the 
Issuer, the Programme and the Covered Bonds. 
Valuation of assets 
The Financial Institutions Regulation requires that the value of a Cover Pool at all times must 
be at least 105 per cent. of the value of the covered bonds which are secured by such Cover Pool 
(overcollateralisation). See “Description of Certain Norwegian Legislation Relating to Covered Bonds – 
Overcollateralisation and Valuations”. Furthermore, the Issuer covenants under the Terms and 
Conditions of the Covered Bonds that at any time, the nominal par value (the “Value”) of the loans in 
the Issuer Cover Pool (but excluding the nominal par value of each loan within the Issuer Cover Pool 
which is in arrears for 90 days or longer as well as that part of any mortgage that exceeds the relevant

--- Page 177 ---
0081160-0000146 UKO2: 2008138142.9 
177 
 
 
upper limit set forth in Norwegian legislation for the LTV for the respective type of Collateral) will not be 
less than 105 per cent. of the outstanding principal amount of all Covered Bonds issued under the 
Programme and any other mortgage covered bonds of the Issuer in issue at the relevant time.

--- Page 178 ---
0081160-0000146 UKO2: 2008138142.9 
178 
 
 
CERTAIN PROVISIONS OF KEY TRANSACTION DOCUMENTS 
Origination and Purchase of Mortgages 
The Issuer originates new Mortgage Loans directly in its own name using the Bank’s branch 
and retail network, and also purchases Mortgage Loans from the Bank and may purchase mortgages 
from other members of the DNB Group. Increasingly, Mortgage Loans for inclusion in the Issuer Cover 
Pool are originated by the Issuer itself. The Mortgage Loans originated or purchased by the Issuer for 
inclusion in the Issuer Cover Pool include loans secured (i) by Residential Mortgages (as defined by 
Norwegian legislation), (ii) by mortgages over second homes and (iii) by mortgages over joint debt of 
housing cooperatives. 
Mortgage Loans purchased from the Bank are purchased under the Transfer Agreement (as 
defined below) and serviced by the Bank as described below. In the future, Mortgage Loans may be 
purchased from other members of the DNB Group under agreements entered into with those members 
for a consideration determined on a similar basis to that paid to the Bank under the Transfer Agreement 
(as defined below) and containing similar representations and warranties and would be serviced by 
either the Bank or the member of the DNB Group that sold the Mortgage Loans, in each case to a 
servicing standard similar to that in the Service Agreement (as defined below) although such service 
agreement would not contain certain functions, for example, an overdraft facility. 
Mortgage Loans originated by the Issuer are serviced by the Bank as described below. In 
respect of these Mortgage Loans, the Bank makes representations and warranties as to the nature of 
the Mortgage Loans and security and manner of origination in the Service Agreement similar to the 
Warranties under the Transfer Agreement, as set out below. 
Transfer Agreement 
General 
Pursuant to the terms of a transfer agreement entered into by the Issuer (as “purchaser“) and 
the Bank (as seller) on 18 December 2015 (the “Transfer Agreement”), the Seller has agreed to sell, 
and the Issuer has agreed to purchase Mortgage Loans. 
Mortgage Loans purchased by the Issuer and included in the Issuer Cover Pool (the “Qualified 
Residential Mortgages”) cannot exceed the specified percentage of the value of the mortgaged 
property (loan-to-loan-ratio) and satisfy requirements in accordance with the Financing Legislation as 
specified in the section titled “Certain Norwegian Legislation Relating to Covered Bonds”. 
Consideration 
The consideration payable in respect of Qualified Residential Mortgages purchased by the 
Issuer amounts to the total principal sum of the Qualified Residential Mortgages being transferred (the 
“Transferred Mortgages”) on the relevant transfer date plus total accrued interest in respect of the 
Transferred Mortgages for the period up until the transfer of the Transferred Mortgages is completed. 
In accordance with Norwegian legislation, the Transferred Mortgages are transferred at fair value. 
Therefore, the amount payable may vary slightly from the total principal amount plus total accrued 
interest. 
The consideration payable in respect of the Qualified Residential Mortgages purchased by the 
Issuer prior to the first issue by the Issuer of covered bonds was funded by the Seller (as defined below) 
in the form of equity, subordinated loans and an overdraft facility advanced by the Seller (the “Overdraft 
Facility”, which is part of the Service Agreement). As of 31 March 2024, the Issuer had drawn NOK

--- Page 179 ---
0081160-0000146 UKO2: 2008138142.9 
179 
 
 
245 billion of the NOK 325 billion Overdraft Facility. For a further description of the Overdraft Facility, 
see “Service Agreement”. In the event of the Issuer’s compulsory liquidation, entry by the Issuer into a 
voluntary arrangement or other such agreement with its creditors or otherwise in connection with the 
Issuer’s liquidation, claims by the Seller for any amounts payable in respect of the Overdraft Facility 
shall be subordinate to the claims of the Covered Bondholders. 
Registration and Transfer of Legal Title 
The transfer and assignment of each Qualified Residential Mortgage purchased by the Issuer 
shall be effected by the relevant Qualified Residential Mortgage being entered into the Issuer’s register 
of assets held within the Issuer Cover Pool in accordance with the Financing Legislation (the “Statutory 
Register”), entered into the Issuer’s accounts and deregistered in the loan register and accounts of the 
Seller. 
If the Issuer has originated the Qualified Residential Mortgage itself, the loan will on origination 
be included in the Statutory Register. 
The Seller shall notify each borrower under the Transferred Mortgages, in writing, of the transfer 
to the Issuer at its earliest convenience following the transfer (the “Transfer Notices”). 
Representations and Warranties 
The Issuer has not made (nor will it make) any of the investigations which a prudent purchaser 
would normally make in relation to the acquisition of secured loans. In addition, the Issuer has not made 
(nor will it make) any investigations as to whether (i) the Transferred Mortgages are advanced in 
accordance with the relevant legislation; or (ii) the secured loans are validly established with the 
necessary legal protection; or (iii) the secured loans can be subject to legal measures if a borrower 
under a Qualifying Loan defaults on its obligations. 
In relation to the Transferred Mortgages and their collateral security, the Issuer will rely entirely 
on the representations and warranties (each a “Warranty” and together the “Warranties”) given by the 
Bank or the relevant member of the DNB Group acting as seller (each a “Seller”) to the Issuer. The 
Warranties given by the Seller under the Transfer Agreement are that: 
(a) 
The Seller has all creditor rights to each of the loans and these rights are included in 
the transfer of the loans to the Issuer. The Seller confirms that none of the loans are 
encumbered with transfer restrictions; 
(b) 
All of the loans secured by collateral are validly established and binding on the 
borrowers and the guarantors in question. The loans and the collateral may be enforced 
in accordance with the terms of both the debt certificates and the collateral documents; 
(c) 
All collateral documents cover repayments of the respective loans’ principal sums, 
interest, costs and expenses; 
(d) 
All necessary registrations are complete, or will be complete as soon as new loans 
have been established, to secure the Issuer’s legal remedy with respect to the loans 
secured by collateral, The Seller will also ensure that necessary notifications are and/or 
will be given to the individual borrowers about the Issuer’s acquisition of the secured 
loans; 
(e) 
All requirements stipulated in the Financing Legislation whereby loans can be deemed 
to be Qualified Residential Mortgages are fulfilled on the transfer date, and all collateral

--- Page 180 ---
0081160-0000146 UKO2: 2008138142.9 
180 
 
 
which the Seller shall introduce into the Issuer’s Cover Pool will be introduced there in 
accordance with the Financing Legislation as soon as possible; and 
(f) 
The individual transferred loan agreements will not obligate the Issuer to grant 
additional loans to any of the borrowers. 
The Seller will immediately inform the Issuer in the event that one or more of the above- 
mentioned Warranties is breached. 
The Issuer and the Seller each represent and warrant that each loan has been and will be 
transferred and assigned in accordance with the Act on Financial Contracts (No. 59 of 16 June 2020) 
and all other applicable laws. 
Repurchase by the Seller on Breach of Warranty 
If there is a breach of any Warranty given by the Seller, as determined conclusively by the 
courts, the Seller shall be required to repurchase the relevant secured loan immediately from the Issuer 
for a consideration equal to the then remaining principal sum of the relevant Mortgage Loan plus any 
accrued interest for the period until the relevant loan is transferred to the Seller. The Seller shall also 
be required to refund any costs incurred by the Issuer as a result of such repurchase. 
Governing Law 
The Transfer Agreement is governed by Norwegian Law. 
Service Agreement 
Pursuant to the terms of a service and management agreement entered into between the Issuer 
and the Bank as servicer (the “Servicer”) on 18 December 2015 (as amended or supplemented from 
time to time, the “Service Agreement”), the Servicer has agreed to, amongst other things, (i) carry out 
the marketing, sales and distribution of mortgages on behalf of the Issuer; (ii) manage the Issuer Cover 
Pool with respect to mortgages the Issuer has directly originated and mortgages the Issuer has 
purchased from the Bank and (iii) provide an overdraft facility to the Issuer of, as of 31 March 2024, an 
amount up to NOK 325 billion (of which NOK 245 billion had been drawn as of 31 March 2024). Any 
mortgages not originated by the Issuer or purchased from the Bank are to be serviced by either the 
Bank or the member of the DNB Group that sold the mortgage, in each case to a servicing standard 
similar to that in the Service Agreement, as set out below, although such service agreement would not 
contain certain functions such as, for example, an overdraft facility. 
Marketing, Sale and Distribution of Mortgages 
As a part of its duties under the Service Agreement, the Servicer has agreed to undertake the 
marketing, sales and distribution of mortgages on behalf of the Issuer (including product development, 
granting credit lines, issuing documents, concluding loan agreements and agreements for furnishing 
security and establishing any necessary legal protection). 
Servicing of the Loans 
The Servicer has agreed to manage the Issuer Cover Pool in a prudent manner, in accordance 
with the terms of the Service Agreement and the Financing Legislation, other relevant legislation (which 
includes but is not limited to capital requirement rules based on internal measurements, legislation 
regarding the use of information and communication technology and personal data legislation) and the 
duty to act honestly, fairly and professionally and in the best interests of the Issuer. The Servicer’s role 
includes, but is not limited to, the following tasks:

--- Page 181 ---
0081160-0000146 UKO2: 2008138142.9 
181 
 
 
(a) 
providing assistance to the Issuer in obtaining all relevant approvals, permits, consents 
and licences required for its operation; 
(b) 
monitoring the size of the Issuer Cover Pool to ensure that it comprises only assets 
which meet the eligibility criteria in the Financing Legislation; 
(c) 
monitoring the LTV ratio of mortgages to ensure that this does not exceed  80 per cent. 
in the case of loans secured by Residential Mortgages or 60 per cent. in the case of 
loans secured by mortgages over second homes and mortgages over joint debt of 
housing cooperatives, when the mortgages are included in the Issuer Cover Pool; 
(d) 
monitoring the Issuer Cover Pool to ensure that the requirements set out in the 
Financing Legislation relating to, amongst other things, location, risk and  classification 
are complied with at all times; 
(e) 
monitoring the overcollateralisation and maturity of the assets in the Issuer Cover Pool 
to ensure that the value of the Issuer Cover Pool at all times exceeds the value of the 
Covered Bonds, and that the interest returns from the Issuer Cover Pool at all times 
exceed the sum of the costs linked with the Covered Bonds, taking into account the 
cash flows from the interest rate and currency swaps concluded; 
(f) 
providing regular reports to demonstrate to the Issuer compliance with the Financing 
Legislation; 
(g) 
establishing and maintaining registers showing records of all mortgages, derivative 
contracts, substitute collateral assets and covered bonds owned or issued by the 
Issuer, specifying such details as are required by the Financial Institutions Act (and 
allowing access to such registers to the Issuer, the Issuer’s auditors and the Monitor 
appointed in respect of the Covered Bonds); and 
(h) 
administering and maintaining the accounts of the Issuer separately from those of the 
Servicer. 
Collection and Enforcement Procedures 
The Servicer will, on behalf of the Issuer, send out instalment payment notices in accordance 
with the procedures that apply for the Bank’s own loans and that are otherwise employed by an ordinary, 
prudent credit institution. 
The Servicer has also agreed to comply with similar procedures in respect of sending payment 
reminders if the loan is in arrears, debt recovery and taking any legal steps to protect the Issuer’s 
interests in defaulted mortgages and the collateral security, or the Issuer’s interest in other parts of the 
Issuer Cover Pool. The Servicer will keep the Issuer continuously informed of which loans are in default 
and what steps are being taken in respect of such defaulting loans. The Servicer will also ensure that 
any sums recovered on behalf of the Issuer are credited to the defaulted loan account directly or within 
two working days of such sum being recovered by the Servicer. 
Fees 
Under the Service Agreement, the Bank as Servicer is authorised to set prices for borrowers 
(both interest rates and charges) on all Mortgage Loans covered by the Service Agreement. The Issuer 
is to retain a minimum level of earnings on all Mortgage Loans encompassed by the Service Agreement 
to cover costs and return on equity (“Minimum Earnings”, as described below). Net interest and

--- Page 182 ---
0081160-0000146 UKO2: 2008138142.9 
182 
 
 
commission income in excess of the Minimum Earnings on the same Mortgage Loans is to accrue to 
the Bank and constitute the fee payable to the Bank under the Service Agreement. 
The Minimum Earnings shall cover: 
(a) 
operating expenses according to the current budget; 
(b) 
normalised losses on each budget date (calculated by using the DNB Group’s IRB 
models for the type of mortgage portfolio held by the Issuer); 
(c) 
a return on allocated capital in accordance with the required rate of return (cost of 
capital) related to the Mortgage Loans, as set by the DNB Group; and 
(d) 
calculated interest on surplus capital according to budget (equity in excess of allocated 
capital), corresponding to the average internal transfer rate (the ordinary internal 
transfer rate set by DNB Group Treasury in Group Finance) for the relevant settlement 
period shall be deducted. 
If the Bank sets prices for customers which are not sufficient to cover the Minimum Earnings to 
be retained by the Issuer, the Bank is required to pay the differential to the Issuer (a “negative” portfolio 
commission). 
Duty of Confidentiality 
The Servicer, and all officers and employees of the Servicer, have a duty of confidentiality 
pursuant to the Financial Institutions Act Section 16-2. The Servicer will effect the necessary measures 
to prevent unauthorised and illegal use of personal data and to prevent accidental loss or destruction 
of such information. 
Termination and Cancellation of the Service Agreement 
The Issuer may terminate the appointment of the Servicer with immediate effect by letter to the 
Servicer (and a copy to any relevant rating agency) in the event that: 
(a) 
the Servicer is in default of its payment obligations towards the Issuer under the Service 
Agreement and such breach continues for at least seven days after the Issuer has 
notified the Servicer of the defaulted payments or the Servicer itself has become aware 
of the default; 
(b) 
the Servicer is in default of other obligations under the Service Agreement and the 
Monitor or the NFSA is of the opinion that the default is material relative to the holders 
of Covered Bonds and such default continues for a period of 14 days after the Servicer 
has been given written notice of the default, demanding that it be remedied, or the 
Servicer itself has become aware of the default; 
(c) 
the Servicer is placed under public administration; 
(d) 
it becomes illegal for the Servicer to perform all or a major portion of its obligations 
under the Service Agreement; or 
(e) 
it becomes impossible for the Servicer to fulfil its obligations as set out in other 
agreements, hereunder but not limited to, borrowing programmes, ISDA/CSA or the 
Rider, bank accounts/cash management agreement etc.

--- Page 183 ---
0081160-0000146 UKO2: 2008138142.9 
183 
 
 
In addition, subject to the fulfilment of certain conditions including, without limitation, that a 
Substitute Servicer satisfactory to the Issuer be appointed by the Issuer, the Servicer may voluntarily 
resign by giving not less than 12 months’ notice of termination to the Issuer. 
Appointment of a Substitute Servicer 
In circumstances where its appointment is terminated, the Servicer will: 
(a) 
ensure that all computer files relating to the managed Mortgage Loans with their 
collateral, accounts, papers, registers, correspondence and other documents 
possessed by the Servicer on behalf of the Issuer, are delivered immediately to the 
Issuer or the Issuer’s authorised representative; 
(b) 
ensure that all monies and other assets held on behalf of the Issuer are delivered to 
the Issuer or the Issuer’s authorised representative; 
(c) 
perform such other acts as are reasonably requested by the Issuer so that a transition 
to the Substitute Servicer (as defined in the Service Agreement) may take place in the 
best possible manner; 
(d) 
co-operate with and assist the Issuer and the Substitute Servicer (as defined in the 
Service Agreement) to ensure an effective transfer of the Servicer function (including 
ensuring that payments from borrowers are paid into the new accounts); and 
(e) 
notify public authorities, insurance companies, borrowers and all relevant third parties 
of the change of Servicer. 
Overdraft Facility 
The Issuer has a committed overdraft facility with the Servicer (the “Overdraft Facility”). The 
limit of the Overdraft Facility is, as of 31 March 2024, NOK 325 billion, and, as of 31 March 2024, the 
drawn amount was NOK 245 billion. 
The Overdraft Facility is an integrated part of the Service Agreement between the Issuer and 
the Bank. The Service Agreement and, therefore, the Overdraft Facility, may only be terminated by the 
Servicer with the consent of the Issuer, subject always to the right of the Bank to resign as Servicer as 
described above. 
Initially, apart from providing working capital to enable the Issuer to meet its daily ordinary 
business expenses, the main function of the Facility was to finance the Issuer’s purchases of Mortgage 
Loans from the Bank. The build-up of the Issuer Cover Pool of these Mortgage Loans was very rapid 
and had to be financed by unsecured debt until the Issuer could issue covered bonds in the capital 
markets. Neither the domestic nor the European covered bond markets had the capacity to provide the 
necessary funding for this rapid increase in the Issuer Cover Pool. 
Increasingly, purchases of Mortgage Loans from the Seller have been phased out. Instead, 
eligible Mortgage Loans are originated directly by the Issuer through the Servicer’s branch network and 
the Servicer’s employees acting on behalf of the Issuer. Still, the origination of new Mortgage Loans 
requires temporary unsecured debt financing in order to run smoothly. 
In addition, a major reason for the Issuer having recourse to unsecured debt from the Bank 
relates to the overcollateralisation percentage of the Issuer Cover Pool necessary to support a rating of 
the Covered Bonds in line with the Issuer's strategy. Unsecured debt finances overcollateralisation of 
the Issuer Cover Pool. As at 31 March 2024, the nominal overcollateralisation of the Issuer Cover Pool

--- Page 184 ---
0081160-0000146 UKO2: 2008138142.9 
184 
 
 
was 64.7 per cent., a level which is significantly higher than that required by the Financial Institutions 
Act and the rating agencies. 
Governing Law 
The Service Agreement is governed by Norwegian Law. 
Derivative Contracts 
General 
The Financial Institutions Act Section 11-8 allows for the inclusion of derivative contracts in the 
relevant Cover Pool provided that they are held for hedging purposes and pursuant to further 
requirements set out in the Financial Institutions Regulation. Such derivative contracts shall be well 
documented and kept separate in accordance with the Financial Institutions Act Section 11-10 and shall 
not be able to be terminated by crisis management or liquidation during public administration of the 
Credit Institution. 
Pursuant to the requirements of the Financial Institutions Regulation Section 11-3, any such 
derivative contract can only be entered into with a counterparty which is: (i) a clearing house established 
in the EEA or the OECD area; (ii) a state or central bank in the EEA or OECD area; or (iii) a credit 
institution established in the EEA or OECD area. Each counterparty must comply with the credit rating 
requirements applicable to it, as set out in the Financial Institutions Act. 
The derivative contracts must be in writing. There must be documentation that shows that the 
volume of interest rate and currency derivatives corresponds to the Credit Institution's hedged interest 
rate and currency risk. The derivative contracts shall be valued at a satisfactory market value in line 
with the principles for measuring fair value in IFRS 13. 
In addition, pursuant to the Financial Institutions Regulation, derivative contracts must be 
allocated to the relevant Cover Pool and the corresponding covered bonds to which they relate. The 
Statutory Register must, in relation to each derivative contract, set out information relating to: (i) the 
name, identity and company number of the swap counterparty and its most recent rating; (ii) the address 
of the swap counterparty; (iii) the original and the remaining amounts owed under the derivative  
contract; (iv) the payment structure and the cash flow set out in the derivative contract; (v) the identity 
and address of any owner of collateral provided in respect of the derivative contact and (vi) any other 
claims the Issuer may have against the owner of such collateral. 
The European Markets Infrastructure Regulation (“EMIR”) (EU) No 648/2012 of the European 
Parliament and of the Council of 4 July 2012 imposes requirements on all types and sizes of entities 
that enter into any form of derivative contract. EMIR also establishes common organisational, conduct 
of business and prudential standards for central counterparties (CCPs) and trade repositories. 
EMIR requires entities that enter into any form of derivative contract, including interest rate, 
foreign exchange, equity, credit and commodity derivatives, to: 
(i) 
report every derivative contract that they enter into to a trade repository; 
(ii) 
implement new risk management standards, including operational processes and 
margining, for all bilateral over-the-counter (OTC) derivatives i.e. trades that are not 
cleared by a CCP; and 
(iii) 
clear, via a CCP, those OTC derivatives subject to a mandatory clearing obligation.

--- Page 185 ---
0081160-0000146 UKO2: 2008138142.9 
185 
 
 
The EMIR requirements entered into force in Norway on 1 July 2017, except for the Level 2 
requirements that entered into force on 1 January 2019 and is further amended from time to time. The 
DNB group has been granted exemption from clearing obligation for intragroup transactions under 
article 4(2) of EMIR, which implies that derivative transactions between the Bank and the Issuer are 
exempted from clearing. 
Currency Swaps 
If a particular Tranche of Covered Bonds is issued in a denomination other than NOK, the Issuer 
will enter into a currency swap by executing an ISDA Master Agreement (including a schedule, 
confirmations and credit support annex) (each such agreement a “Currency Swap Agreement” and 
each of the transactions thereunder, a “Currency Swap”) with a currency swap provider (a “Currency 
Swap Provider”), for the purpose of hedging any currency exchange risk. As at the date of this Base 
Prospectus, the Bank is the Currency Swap Provider under all Currency Swaps and, as such, all the 
Currency Swaps may be entered into under the same ISDA Master Agreement. A credit support annex 
has been put in place ensuring that the Bank will post collateral in the case of a downgrade below 
certain levels. In such a case, right and title of the collateral will be transferred to the Issuer. 
Under the terms of the Currency Swap Agreement, in the event that the relevant rating of the 
Currency Swap Provider or any guarantor of the Currency Swap Provider's obligations is downgraded 
by Moody's and/or Standard and Poor's (each a “Rating Agency” and together the “Rating Agencies”) 
below the rating specified in the Currency Swap Agreement (in accordance with the Rating Agencies’ 
criteria) for the Currency Swap Provider or any guarantor of the Currency Swap Provider's obligations, 
the Currency Swap Provider will, in accordance with the Currency Swap Agreement, be required to take 
certain remedial measures which may include posting collateral for its obligations under the Currency 
Swap, arranging for its obligations under the Currency Swap to be transferred to an entity with ratings 
required by the relevant Rating Agency, procuring another entity with the ratings required by the relevant 
Rating Agency to become co-obligor or guarantor in respect of its obligations under the Currency Swap, 
or taking such other action (as confirmed by the relevant Rating Agency) as will result in the rating of 
the Covered Bonds then outstanding following the taking of such action being maintained at, or restored 
to, the level at which it was immediately prior to such downgrade. Any failure to take such steps will 
allow the Issuer to terminate the Currency Swap Agreement. 
The Currency Swap Agreement may also be terminated in certain other circumstances, 
including (without limitation) pursuant to any other events of default and termination events set out in 
the Currency Swap Agreement (each referred to as a “Currency Swap Early Termination Event”), 
including: 
(a) 
at the option of any party to the Currency Swap Agreement, if there is a failure by the 
other party to make timely payments of any amounts due under the Currency Swap 
Agreement; and 
(b) 
upon the occurrence of the insolvency of the Currency Swap Provider or any guarantor 
of the Currency Swap Provider's obligations. 
Upon the termination of the Currency Swap pursuant to a Currency Swap Early Termination 
Event, the Issuer or the Currency Swap Provider may be liable to make a termination payment to the 
other in accordance with the provisions of the Currency Swap Agreement. 
The Currency Swap Agreement is (and each Currency Swap thereunder will be) governed by 
English law. 
The Issuer may decide to introduce deferral of payment mechanics into its currency swaps at 
some point in the future. Should the Issuer introduce deferral of payment mechanics into the currency

--- Page 186 ---
0081160-0000146 UKO2: 2008138142.9 
186 
 
 
swaps, if the substitute assets available to the Issuer on a payment date are insufficient to make the 
payment ordinarily required in full, the payment obligations of both the Issuer and the swap counterparty 
on that payment date will be reduced accordingly and will be deferred. 
Interest Rate Swaps 
To provide a hedge against the variance between the rates of interest payable on the assets in 
the Issuer Cover Pool and the rate of interest payable by the Issuer in respect of a Tranche of Covered 
Bonds, the Issuer may also enter into an interest rate swap by executing an ISDA Master Agreement 
(including a schedule, confirmations and credit support annex) (each such agreement an “Interest Rate 
Swap Agreement” and each of the transactions thereunder, an “Interest Rate Swap”) with an interest 
rate swap provider (an “Interest Rate Swap Provider”). As at the date of this Base Prospectus, the 
Bank is the Interest Rate Swap Provider under all Interest Rate Swaps and, as such, all the Interest 
Rate Swaps may be entered into under the same ISDA Master Agreement. A credit support annex has 
been put in place ensuring that the Bank will post collateral in the case of a downgrade below certain 
levels. In such a case, right and title of the collateral will be transferred to the Issuer. 
Under the terms of the Interest Rate Swap Agreement, in the event that the relevant rating of 
the Interest Rate Swap Provider or any guarantor of the Interest Rate Swap Provider’s obligations is 
downgraded by a Rating Agency below the rating specified in the Interest Rate Swap Agreement (in 
accordance with the Rating Agencies’ criteria) for the Interest Rate Swap Provider or any guarantor of 
the Interest Rate Swap Provider’s obligations, the Interest Rate Swap Provider will, in accordance with 
the Interest Rate Swap Agreement, be required to take certain remedial measures which may include 
posting collateral for its obligations under the Interest Rate Swap, arranging for its obligations under the 
Interest Rate Swap to be transferred to an entity with ratings required by the relevant Rating Agency, 
procuring another entity with the ratings required by the relevant Rating Agency to become co-obligor 
or guarantor in respect of its obligations under the Interest Rate Swap, or taking such other action (as 
confirmed by the relevant Rating Agency) as will result in the rating of the Covered Bonds then 
outstanding following the taking of such action being maintained at, or restored to, the level at which it 
was immediately prior to such ratings downgrade. Any failure to take such steps will allow the Issuer to 
terminate the Interest Rate Swap Agreement. 
The Interest Rate Swap Agreement may also be terminated in certain other circumstances, 
including (without limitation) pursuant to any other events of default and termination events set out in 
the Interest Rate Swap Agreement (each referred to as an “Interest Rate Swap Early Termination 
Event”), including: 
(a) 
at the option of any party to the Interest Rate Swap Agreement, if there is a failure by 
the other party to make timely payments of any amounts due under the Interest Rate 
Swap Agreement; and 
(b) 
upon the occurrence of the insolvency of the Interest Rate Swap Provider or any 
guarantor of the Interest Swap Provider’s obligations. 
Upon the termination of the Interest Rate Swap pursuant to an Interest Rate Swap Early 
Termination Event, the Issuer or the Interest Rate Swap Provider may be liable to make a termination 
payment to the other in accordance with the provisions of the Interest Rate Swap Agreement. 
The Interest Rate Swap Agreement is (and each Interest Rate Swap thereunder will be) 
governed by English law. 
The Issuer may decide to introduce deferral of payment mechanics into its interest rate swaps 
at some point in the future.

--- Page 187 ---
0081160-0000146 UKO2: 2008138142.9 
187 
 
 
Should the Issuer introduce deferral of payment mechanics into the interest rate swaps, if the 
substitute assets available to the Issuer on a payment date are insufficient to make the payment 
ordinarily required in full, the payment obligations of both the Issuer and the swap counterparty on that 
payment date will be reduced accordingly and will be deferred. 
Restrictions on Use of Derivative Contracts 
The Issuer uses derivatives, including the swaps described above, strictly for hedging 
purposes, and these derivatives are designated as hedging instruments. Derivatives are not used in 
trading activities or for speculative purposes. 
Interest rate risk is governed by Section 11-1 of the Financial Institutions Regulation and 
liquidity risk by Section 11-2 of the Financial Institutions Regulation. 
In addition, the Issuer complies with restrictions on currency-related derivative activities under 
the Financial Institutions Act. In respect of assets within the Issuer Cover Pool, the Issuer complies with 
the currency matching requirements set out in the Financial Institutions Act and provisions applicable 
to cover assets derivative contracts.

--- Page 188 ---
0081160-0000146 UKO2: 2008138142.9 
188 
 
 
USE OF PROCEEDS  
The net proceeds from each Tranche of Covered Bonds will, unless otherwise specified in the 
applicable Final Terms or, in the case of Exempt Covered Bonds, the applicable Pricing Supplement, be 
used by the Issuer for its general corporate purposes, which may include a repayment of part of amounts 
outstanding under the overdraft facility from the Bank.  
If so specified in the applicable Final Terms or, in the case of Exempt Covered Bonds, the 
applicable Pricing Supplement, an amount equal to the net proceeds of Covered Bonds issued by the 
Issuer may be used to finance or refinance, in whole or in part, a portfolio of Eligible Green Loans under 
the Issuer's green finance framework, as amended from time to time (the "DNB Green Finance 
Framework") (available on the Issuer's website at https://www.ir.dnb.no/funding-and-rating/green-
bond-framework and in effect at the time of issuance of the Green Covered Bonds). Such Covered 
Bonds will be referred to as "Green Covered Bonds". Any information, on, or accessible though the 
Issuer's website and the information in the DNB Green Finance Framework is not incorporated by 
reference, and does not constitute part of, this Base Prospectus and should not be relied upon in 
connection with making any investment decision with respect to Green Bonds. The net proceeds from 
Green Covered Bonds will be managed by the Issuer in a portfolio approach, and allocations and use 
of proceeds are allocated and monitored by DNB's internal green finance committee. The committee 
consists of members from several departments, including Group Treasury, Personal Banking/DNB 
Boligkreditt, Large Customers & International, the Corporate Responsibility & Public Affairs Department 
and Group Credit Risk Management.  
Eligible Green Loans include those which support the transition to a low-carbon and climate 
resilient economy, specifically with respect to financing and refinancing projects related to (i) new or 
existing green residential buildings in Norway, (ii) renewable energy (including wind power, solar power, 
hydropower and electricity transmission and storage) and (iii) clean transportation (including the 
development, manufacture, retrofit and purchase of zero direct (tailpipe) CO2 emissions vehicles, public 
and mass transportation as well as related components and infrastructure). Eligible Green Loans will 
be assessed and monitored according to the DNB Green Finance Framework available on the Issuer's 
website.   
The estimated net amount of proceeds of each Tranche of Covered Bonds (other than Exempt 
Covered Bonds) will be stated in the applicable Final Terms.

--- Page 189 ---
0081160-0000146 UKO2: 2008138142.9 
189 
 
 
DESCRIPTION OF THE ISSUER  
The Issuer is a limited company incorporated under the laws of the Kingdom of Norway and 
was originally established in Norway as a finance company on 14 June 2003 with registration number 
985 621 551. The Issuer’s visiting and registered address is Dronning Eufemias gate 30, N-0191 Oslo, 
Norway, and its mailing address is Postboks 1600 Sentrum, N-0021 Oslo, Norway. The telephone 
number of the Issuer is (+47) 915 04800. The Issuer was formerly known as DnB NOR Boligkreditt AS 
and changed its name to DNB Boligkreditt AS in November 2011. 
The Issuer is a wholly-owned subsidiary of the Bank and is reported as part of the Personal 
Banking Norway business area in the DNB Group’s consolidated accounts. The Issuer is an important 
funding vehicle for the DNB Group. Pursuant to article 1 of its articles of association, the main object of 
the Issuer is to originate and acquire loans secured by Residential Mortgages, loans secured by 
mortgages over second homes and loans secured by mortgages over joint debt of housing 
cooperatives. The NFSA granted the Issuer a licence to operate as a finance company on 11 August 
2005, and licensed it to become a Mortgage Credit Institution on 9 May 2007. The Issuer operates 
under the Financial Institutions Act. For further information on the regulatory environment in which the 
Issuer operates, see “Description of Certain Norwegian Legislation relating to Covered Bonds”. 
Operations 
As of the date of this Base Prospectus, the Issuer has six full time employees. The main task 
of the staff is to administer and monitor the Issuer Cover Pool, ensuring that the Issuer Cover Pool is at 
all times compliant with all the requirements of Norwegian covered bond legislation and the rating 
agencies. In addition, the staff administers the Service Agreement with the Bank and performs certain 
compliance and anti-money laundering tasks. The staff completes financial reporting, risk reporting and 
analysis on the Issuer as well as provides reports to, and communicates with, the rating agencies. All 
other activities, including origination paperwork relating to all residential mortgages originated or 
purchased by the Issuer and all other lending operations, are performed by the Bank pursuant to the 
Service Agreement, as more fully described under “Certain Provisions of Key Transaction Documents 
– Service Agreement” above. 
Since August 2005, the Issuer has acquired Mortgage Loan portfolios from the Bank at fair 
value (as agreed between the Bank and the Issuer). In addition, as the size of the Issuer Cover Pool 
has increased, the Issuer has increasingly originated, and continues to increasingly originate, Mortgage 
Loans directly in its own name using the Bank’s distribution channels and origination services. As at 31 
March 2024, the Issuer had a Mortgage Loan portfolio with a nominal value of NOK 682.0 billion. This 
portfolio is financed (i) by the Issuer through issuances of Covered Bonds, and (ii) by the Bank through 
subordinated loan capital and equity as well as through unsecured senior debt that does not benefit 
from statutory priority over the Issuer Cover Pool. 
Since 31 December 2010, the Issuer has acquired Mortgage Loans exclusively from companies 
within the DNB Group (although the Issuer is permitted to acquire Mortgage Loans from other entities 
if it enters into new sale and purchase agreements with such entities). For further information, see 
“Certain Provisions of Key Transaction Documents – Transfer Agreement”. 
All Covered Bonds issued by the Issuer currently share the benefit of a shared Cover Pool 
As at the date of this Base Prospectus, all covered bonds issued under the Programme and 
any other mortgage covered bonds issued by the Issuer (which rank pari passu with the Issuer’s 
derivative contracts) have, and will have, the benefit of a statutory preference under the Financial 
Institutions Act and the Regulations on the Issuer Cover Pool. As at the date of this Base Prospectus, 
the Issuer maintains only one Cover Pool in respect of the covered bonds issued under the Programme

--- Page 190 ---
0081160-0000146 UKO2: 2008138142.9 
190 
 
 
and any other mortgage covered bonds that it may issue from time to time. The Issuer may, in 
accordance with the relevant provisions of the Financial Institutions Act, maintain more than one Cover 
Pool in the future (which may involve a split or reorganisation of the existing Issuer Cover Pool) (see 
“Description of Certain Norwegian Legislation Relating to Covered Bonds - Register requirements and 
investor information”) and, if it does so, the Issuer will identify against which Issuer Cover Pool the 
relevant Covered Bondholders will have a preferential claim. Insofar as only one Cover Pool is 
maintained by the Issuer, the Covered Bondholders will share the benefit of such Cover Pool with all 
other covered bondholders. 
Loans not included in the Issuer Cover Pool 
As at 31 March 2024, the Issuer had NOK 24,526 million of loans that were not included in the 
Issuer Cover Pool but were owned by the Issuer. These assets represent Mortgage Loans that have 
been sold to the Issuer but were not eligible to be included in the Issuer Cover Pool, for example due 
to some Mortgage Loans being transferred before the Financial Institutions Act was finalised and those 
Mortgage Loans not satisfying the final eligibility criteria. These ineligible Mortgage Loans are funded 
by the Issuer from equity, subordinated debt or the overdraft facility, in each case provided by the Bank. 
In the event of public administration of the Issuer, the Covered Bondholders’ claim on these assets 
which do not comprise part of the Issuer Cover Pool would not have a priority status and the Covered 
Bondholders’ claims would rank, against these assets only, pari passu with all other claims of 
unsubordinated creditors of the Issuer. 
Derivative instruments 
The Issuer enters into derivative instruments with the Bank and may enter into derivative 
instruments with other parties, comprising interest rate swaps and currency swaps, for the purpose of 
hedging interest rate and currency risk relating to the Issuer’s funding and lending operations as 
described in “Certain Provisions of Key Transaction Documents – Derivative Contracts” above. 
Financial information 
The Issuer was initially established with a share capital of NOK 200,000. The first financial 
period of the Issuer ran from 14 June 2003 to 31 December 2003. The Issuer did not conduct any 
business between 14 June 2003 and 31 December 2004. 
The Issuer finances the origination of new Mortgage Loans and the purchase of Mortgage 
Loans through (i) Covered Bonds; (ii) subordinated loan capital from the Bank; (iii) increases in share 
capital (which was last increased to NOK 5,257,000,000 at a general meeting on 6 February 2019); and 
(iv) unsecured senior debt under the overdraft facility described in “Certain Provisions of Key 
Transaction Documents – Service Agreement” above. In a general meeting 16 April 2021, the 
shareholders of the Issuer enacted to reduce the share capital to NOK 4,527,000,000. The capital 
reduction was approved by the Norwegian FSA on 1 July 2021 and completed in accordance with the 
provisions of the Norwegian Companies Act on 1 September 2021. 
The Issuer’s financial statements are prepared and presented in accordance with IFRS. 
Corporate Governance 
The Issuer’s corporate governance principles are based on the DNB Group’s corporate 
governance policy. DNB Group’s policy follows the Norwegian Accounting Act and the Norwegian Code 
of Practice for Corporate Governance.

--- Page 191 ---
0081160-0000146 UKO2: 2008138142.9 
191 
 
 
MANAGEMENT OF THE ISSUER  
BOARD OF DIRECTORS 
The Issuer’s Board of Directors consists of three members appointed by the general meeting 
of the Issuer. The current directors are as follows: 
 
Carl Henrik Lars Lidman 
Chairman of the Board of Directors; Head of Capital Management in 
the Bank 
Bjørn Hauge Spjeld 
Member of the Board of Directors; Head of Financial and Risk 
Management Personal Banking in the Bank 
Karianne Kvernmo Wasenden Member of the Board of Directors; Head of Legal, Children and Familiy 
Department, Oslo Municipality 
The Issuer does not consider the activities outside the Issuer of any of the persons listed in the 
table above to be significant with respect to the Issuer. 
The address of the members of the board and the executive management is the registered 
address of the Issuer. 
The Board of Directors is required to conduct its functions in accordance with the applicable 
rules of procedure adopted at the meeting of the Board of Directors held on 12 February 2009. 
Auditors 
The Issuer’s current statutory auditor is Ernst & Young AS of Dronning Eufemias gate 6, 0051 
Oslo, with company registration number 976 389 387. Ernst & Young AS is also the current statutory 
auditor of the DNB Group. 
The Issuer’s financial statements as of and for the years ended 31 December 2023, 31 
December 2022 and 31 December 2021 were audited by Ernst & Young AS. 
The auditor’s statements for the financial years ended 31 December 2023, 31 December 2022 
and 31 December 2021 were unqualified. 
The Issuer’s auditors have not audited, reviewed or produced any report on any other 
information provided in this Base Prospectus. 
Conflict of interest within administration, management, and supervisory bodies 
Under Norwegian law, two out of three of the Issuer’s board members may be appointed from 
the DNB Group. The Bank employs two of the three current members and the actual composition of the 
board is in accordance with the relevant regulations. Although the Issuer is a wholly owned subsidiary 
of the Bank, the Issuer’s primary business is to issue Covered Bonds on behalf of the DNB Group, and 
therefore the Issuer does not believe that conflicts of interest will arise. As at the date of this Base 
Prospectus, the Issuer is not aware of any potential conflicts of interest relating to responsibilities of 
members of the Board of Directors of the Issuer and their private interests or other duties. 
Jurisdiction

--- Page 192 ---
0081160-0000146 UKO2: 2008138142.9 
192 
 
 
The Issuer is incorporated under the laws of the Kingdom of Norway and operates under the 
Financial Institutions Act. Should the Issuer conduct operations outside Norwegian jurisdiction, such 
operations will also be governed by the laws and regulations of the country in question. 
Shareholders, Management and Employees 
The Issuer is a wholly owned subsidiary of the Bank, which is the holding company of the DNB 
Group with shares listed on the Oslo Stock Exchange. 
The following persons are members of the Issuer’s management: 
Hans Olav Rønningen, Chief Executive Officer 
Roar Sørensen, Head of Finance and Risk Reporting  
Torild Aamnes, Head of Company Secretariat 
The Issuer does not consider the activities outside the Issuer of any of the persons listed in the 
table above to be significant with respect to the Issuer.

--- Page 193 ---
0081160-0000146 UKO2: 2008138142.9 
193 
 
 
DESCRIPTION OF THE DNB GROUP 
DNB Group 
The DNB Group, which includes the Bank and its subsidiaries, is Norway's largest bank group 
as measured by total assets. The Bank offers corporate, retail and investment banking services and 
products to customers in Norway and internationally. As at 31 December 2023, the DNB Group had 
approximately 2 million private individuals and approximately 237,000 corporate customers. 
The DNB Group offers a range of financial services including lending, deposits, foreign 
exchange and interest rate products, investment banking products, life insurance and pension saving 
products, equity funds, asset management and securities operations as well as real estate brokering. 
The Bank is the holding company of the DNB Group, and its shares are listed on the Oslo Stock 
Exchange. As of the date of this Base Prospectus, the Norwegian government held 34 per cent. of the 
Bank’s shares. 
As of the date of this prospectus, the DNB Group had the following legal structure (reflecting 
the major companies of the Group): 
 
Banking activities are organised in the Bank and its subsidiaries. Asset management activities 
are organised under DNB Asset Management Holding AS and DNB Livsforsikring AS offers life 
insurance and pension saving products.

--- Page 194 ---
0081160-0000146 UKO2: 2008138142.9 
194 
 
 
DNB Group 
Introduction 
The DNB Group is Norway’s largest bank group as measured by total assets (with NOK 3,896 
billion in total assets as at 31 March 2024). The DNB Group’s market share of loans to households 
stood at 23.2 per cent. at 29 February 2024, while the market share of bank deposits from households 
was 29.8 per cent. at the same date. 
DNB Boligkreditt is 100 per cent. owned by the Bank and is instrumental in securing the DNB 
Group’s access to long-term funding through the issue of covered bonds, with the goal of securing DNB 
Group’s access to lower-priced funding and thus greater competitive power. 
Business overview 
The DNB Group’s customer areas are Personal Banking, Business Banking Norway and Large 
Corporates & International. The DNB Group also provides investment banking services through DNB 
Markets and cross-sells certain asset management and life insurance products offered by the Insurance 
and Asset Management companies, for which the DNB Group receives fee and commission income. 
The Bank is also a large private settlement bank in Norway. 
Customers’ use of digital services is increasing, and the Bank is continuing to digitalise its 
products and services. Further, in response to a higher self-service ratio, a large number of branches 
have been closed down over the last few years.  
A substantial majority of the DNB Group’s lending, deposits and income is attributable to 
Norway. 
Reporting structure - Business segments 
A description of the DNB Group’s business segments for financial reporting purposes as of the 
date of this Base Prospectus is set out below. 
Personal customers 
This segment includes the DNB Group's personal customers in Norway. The customers are 
offered a wide range of services through Norway's largest distribution network, comprising branch 
offices, telephone banking, digital banking, mobile banking solutions, real estate broking as well as 
external channels such as post offices and in-store postal outlets. 
Personal Customers includes sales of products and services to personal customers in Norway, 
both digital and physical, with the exception of certain fixed interest residential mortgages recorded 
under Traditional Pension Products, where returns accrue to the policyholders. In the DNB Group’s 
consolidated accounts, DNB Boligkreditt is reported with the Personal customers business area. 
Residential Mortgage Loans are by far the most important lending product of Personal Banking. 
Business Banking Norway 
The segment is responsible for serving small and medium sized enterprises in Norway. 
Customers in this segment range from small businesses and start-up companies to relatively large 
corporate customers, and the product offerings are adapted to the customers’ different needs.

--- Page 195 ---
0081160-0000146 UKO2: 2008138142.9 
195 
 
 
Large Corporates & International 
Large Corporates & International serves large corporate customers in Norway and is 
responsible for the DNB Group’s international operations. International initiatives are based on expertise 
within the business area’s strategic priority areas, which are shipping, energy and seafood. 
Other operations  
Other operations includes the results from risk management in DNB Markets and from 
traditional pension products in DNB Livsforsikring AS. In addition, the other operations segment 
includes group items not allocated to the customer segments, such as market-making and other trading 
activities in fixed income, currencies and commodities (FICC) as well as equities, including risk 
management of the risk inherent in customer transactions. DNB Markets' trading activities support the 
customer activities. 
Merger between the Issuer and Sbanken Boligkreditt AS  
On 30 March 2022, the Bank completed a purchase of a substantial amount of the shares of 
Sbanken ASA, a pure-play Norwegian digital bank with 476,000 retail customers as of 31 December 
2020. Pursuant to a compulsory acquisition of the remaining shares, Sbanken ASA became a wholly 
owned subsidiary of the Bank in April 2022. Following the completion of the acquisition, the Bank and 
Sbanken ASA merged in May 2023. The process of merging Sbanken Boligkreditt AS and the Issuer 
was completed in September 2023.  
The cover pool of Sbanken Boligkreditt AS was significantly smaller than that of the Issuer, and 
was to some extent different from the Issuer Cover Pool. For example, the overcollateralisation was 
lower (nominal overcollateralisation of 13.6 per cent. for Sbanken Boligkreditt AS’ cover pool as of 31 
March 2023, compared to 91.0 per cent. for the Issuer Cover Pool as of the same date). Further, the 
average maturity of the mortgages in Sbanken Boligkreditt AS’ cover pool was higher than that of the 
mortgages in the Issuer Cover Pool. 
Upon the merger between the Issuer and Sbanken Boligkreditt AS, the covered bondholders of 
Sbanken Boligkreditt AS had the benefit of a statutory preference under the Financial Institutions Act 
and the Financial Institutions Regulation on the Issuer Cover Pool. Mortgages that previously were a 
part of the Sbanken Boligkreditt AS Cover Pool are not yet included in the Issuer Cover Pool. Part of 
these mortgages will be included in the Issuer Cover Pool within the end of the third quarter of 2024. 
More information about the Bank 
The DNB Group’s and the Bank’s current financial statements may be found on the website of 
the Bank at www.dnb.no. Please note that the reference to the website of the Bank has been provided 
solely for informational purposes and its contents are not incorporated by reference in this Base 
Prospectus. 
Capital adequacy and liquidity requirements 
In 2013, the EU adopted a legislative package to strengthen the regulations of the banking 
sector and to implement the Basel III agreement in the EU legal framework. This package included the 
directive of the European Parliament and of the Council on prudential requirements for credit institutions 
and investment firms dated 26 June 2013 and published in the Official Journal of the EU on 27 June 
2013, the “CRD IV” and regulation 575/2013 of the European Parliament and of the Council of 26 June 
2013 on prudential requirements for credit institutions and investment firms, the “CRR”). On 29 March 
2019, the EEA committee decided to incorporate the CRD IV and the CRR in the EEA Agreement.

--- Page 196 ---
0081160-0000146 UKO2: 2008138142.9 
196 
 
 
The Norwegian authorities, to a large extent, provided for early implementation of the capital 
requirements in the Financial Institutions Act, and regulations passed thereunder. The new rules came 
into force on 1 July 2013 and required a gradual increase in the formal capital requirements. With effect 
from 31 December 2019, those parts of CRD IV and CRR that were not already part of Norwegian law, 
were implemented in Norwegian law. In June 2021, the Norwegian Parliament passed legislations 
implementing Directive (EU) 2019/878 (“CRD5”) and Regulation (EU) 2019/876 (“CRR2”) into 
Norwegian law, which entered into force on 1 June 2022. 
The capital adequacy requirements for financial institutions in Norway, as at the date of this 
Base Prospectus, consist of two pillars. Pillar 1 encompasses minimum capital requirements as 
specified in the Financial Institutions Act, which are based on EU legislation. As per the provisions of 
the Financial Institutions Act, financial institutions must hold capital at least equal to 8 per cent. of their 
risk exposure amount (“REA”), within which at least 4.5 per cent. must be common equity tier 1 (“CET1”) 
capital and at least 6 per cent. must be Tier 1 capital. 
In addition to this, the Financial Institutions Act imposes various capital buffer requirements 
which must be met by Norwegian financial institutions, all consisting of CET1 capital. As at 31 March 
2024, the capital buffer requirements consist of (i) a conservation buffer of 2.5 per cent. of the REA, (ii) 
a systemic risk buffer of 4.5 per cent. of the REA (on Norwegian exposures) and (iii) a counter-cyclical 
buffer of 2.5 per cent. of the REA (on Norwegian exposures). Financial institutions (including the Issuer, 
the Bank and the DNB Group), which the Norwegian authorities have designated as systemically 
important, must also comply with a buffer for systemically important financial institutions of 2 per cent. 
of the REA to mitigate systemic risk. 
The DNB Group's effective counter-cyclical buffer and systemic risk buffer rates are calculated 
as the weighted average of the buffer rates for the countries where the DNB Group has credit 
exposures. Since several countries in which the DNB Group has exposures have set the requirement 
lower than the requirement in Norway, the DNB Group's effective counter-cyclical buffer and systemic 
risk buffer rates were approximately 2.2 per cent. and 3.2 per cent., respectively, as of 31 March 2024. 
In accordance with CRD IV, the Financial Institutions Act permits regulators to require the banks 
which they regulate to hold additional capital, often referred to as "Pillar 2" capital requirements. The 
NFSA's Pillar 2 requirements are in addition to the Pillar 1 requirements and are expected to reflect 
institution-specific capital requirements relating to risks which are not covered or only partly covered by 
Pillar 1. Further to the NFSA's supervisory review and evaluation process for 2023, the NFSA 
announced on 4 December 2023 that the Pillar 2 requirement for the Issuer, the Bank and the DNB 
Group had been set at 2.0 per cent. of REA. In line with Article 104a of the Capital Requirements 
Directive, the Pillar 2 requirement must be fulfilled with approximately 1.1 per cent. (minimum) CET1 
capital, approximately 0.4 per cent. additional tier 1 capital and approximately 0.5 per cent. tier 2 capital. 
Further, the NFSA also advised that the Bank and the DNB Group should hold a CET1 capital buffer 
("Pillar 2 Guidance") of not less than 1.25 per cent. on top of the total CET1 capital requirement. 
As of 31 March 2024, the total regulatory CET1 capital ratio expectation for the Issuer, the Bank 
and the DNB Group was 16.3 per cent., 16.7 per cent. and 16.8 per cent., respectively, including the 
Pillar 2 Guidance. In addition, the Issuer has a requirement of Tier 1 capital of 1.5 per cent. (which is 
not met by issuance of AT1 instruments, as opposed to the Tier 1 capital requirement for the Bank and 
the DNB Group), thus leading to a Tier 1 capital requirement of 17.8 per cent. As of 31 March 2024, the 
Issuer, the Bank and the DNB Group had a CET1 capital ratio of 19.76 per cent., 20.1 per cent. and 
19.0 per cent., respectively.  
The Basel III framework also provides for capital requirements based on total (i.e. non-risk 
weighted) assets, referred to as leverage ratio requirements. Prior to the implementation of the banking 
package in Norway on 1 June 2022, the leverage ratio requirement was in total 6 per cent., consisting 
of a general leverage ratio requirement of 3 per cent., plus a general buffer requirement of 2 per cent.

--- Page 197 ---
0081160-0000146 UKO2: 2008138142.9 
197 
 
 
for banks and an additional buffer requirement of 1 per cent. for systemically important banks. Upon the 
implementation of the banking package in Norway on 1 June 2022, the 2 per cent. and the 1 per cent. 
buffer requirements were removed. Thus, in Norway, as of the date of this Prospectus, the current 
requirement according to the Financial Institutions Act and the Financial Institutions Regulation is for 
banks, financial institutions, holding companies in financial groups and investment firms that provide 
certain investment services, to hold a leverage ratio of minimum 3 per cent. As at 31 March 2024, the 
leverage ratio of the Issuer and the DNB Group was 4.7 per cent. and 6.2 per cent, respectively.  
Any entity which does not comply with the requirements in the Financial Institutions Act and the 
Financial Institutions Regulations is required, according to the Financial Institutions Act §14-6 (3), 
immediately to rectify such breach. Further, upon such breach, or if there is reason to believe that the 
entity will breach such requirement in the near future, the NFSA may invoke certain measures, including 
restricting dividend payments and interest payments on AT1 instruments. 
With the introduction of CRR2 in 2022, the Issuer is also subject to the Net Stable Funding 
Ratio (NSFR) requirement. The Issuer has previously measured and reported on NSFR, but with effect 
from year-end 2022 the Issuer will also be subject to full NSFR requirement of 100 per cent stable 
funding. 
Based on CRR, the Norwegian Financial Supervisory Authority (NFSA) concluded in 2022 that 
the Issuer should have a Pillar 3 reporting as from year-end 2022. Previously there has not been a 
separate Pillar 3 requirement for the Issuer.

--- Page 198 ---
0081160-0000146 UKO2: 2008138142.9 
198 
 
 
Norwegian Macro-Economic Conditions and the Norwegian Housing Mortgage Market 
The Norwegian economy 
The macroeconomic environment in Norway is of primary importance to the DNB Group in 
general and to the Issuer in particular. The table below (Sources: Statistics Norway, Norges Bank, 
Labour and Welfare Agency) sets out (i) details of GDP, (ii) the headline consumer price index (“CPI”) 
and (iii) the rate of unemployment. 
 
2019 
2020 
2021 
2022 
2023(1) 
Norway 
 
 
 
 
 
Mainland GDP growth rate  
2.7 
(3.1) 
4.2 
3.7 
 
1.1 
CPI growth rate __  
2.2 
1.3 
3.5 
5.8 
5.5 
Registered Unemployment 
rate ________________ (2) 
2.3 
5.0 
3.2 
1.8 
 
 
1.8 
 
Sources: Statistics Norway (2019-2022) and Norges Bank (2024) 
 
Notes: 
(1) 
2023 figures preliminary 
(2) 
Yearly average 
Mainland GDP in Norway grew by 3.7 per cent. in 2022 and is estimated to have grown by 1.1 
per cent. in 2023 (Source: Norges Bank, 20 June 2024). Estimated GDP for 2024 and the coming years 
is uncertain, however recent estimates from Norges Bank suggest growth of growth of 0.8 per cent. in 
2024, growth of 1.3 per cent. in 2025 and growth of 1.2 per cent. in 2026 (Source: Norges Bank, 20 
June 2024). High inflation, rising interest rates and reduced consumer spending are the most significant 
factors negatively currently impacting GDP in Norway).  
The unemployment rate in Norway has been at a historically low level in a European context. 
Due to the outbreak of COVID-19, the unemployment rate increased significantly in the second quarter 
of 2020, but has since decreased. As at 31 May 2024, the registered unemployment rate was 2.0 per 
cent. (Source: Labour and Welfare agency, 31 May 2024). The registered unemployment rate is 
expected to reach 2.0 per cent. as at 31 December 2024, 2.2 per cent. as at 31 December 2025 and 
2.3 per cent. as at 31 December 2026 (Source: Norges Bank, 20 June 2024). Although it is not possible 
to accurately predict the unemployment rate in future periods, a persistent lower or volatile oil price 
environment, together with any further waves of infection and/or new variants of COVID-19 or 
macroeconomic consequences from either the Russian invasion of Ukraine and related economic 
sanctions or general financial instability, could have a material adverse effect on the unemployment 
rate in Norway. 
Housing prices have risen steadily in Norway over the last two decades. Although housing 
prices dropped in 2017 due to a low oil price environment and in 2020 as a result of the COVID-19 
pandemic, prices recovered in both instances. Housing prices in Norway reached an all-time high in 
May 2024, and have increased 8.2 per cent. so far in 2024 (Source: Housing price statistics, Real Estate 
Norway, 5 June 2024). The increase so far in 2024 is a reflection of robust household income and high 
demand for housing. Housing prices have increased 2.1 per cent. the last two years, 9.5 per cent. the 
last three years and 24.9 per cent. the last five years.

--- Page 199 ---
0081160-0000146 UKO2: 2008138142.9 
199 
 
 
Norges Bank estimates that housing prices will increase by 3.3 per cent. in 2024, 6.9 per cent. 
in 2025 and 7.9 per cent. in 2026 (Source: Norges Bank, 20 June 2024). These estimates are, however, 
uncertain. A decline in the value of retail real estate, whether as a result of developments in the broader 
economy and/or a reduction in the availability of credit or otherwise, could reduce the value of the 
collateral for these loans significantly and, if accompanied by weakened economic conditions and/or 
higher unemployment, could have a material adverse effect on the quality of the DNB Group's and the 
Issuer’s retail real estate loans, and could also affect the Issuer by reducing the value of the Issuer 
Cover Pool relative to the statutory asset coverage requirement. Further, a general decline in the 
Norwegian economy could result in bankruptcies and lay-offs, which, in turn, could lead to a material 
increase in impairments recorded by the DNB Group and the Issuer on its loan portfolio within this 
sector. 
Regulation of the Norwegian Residential Mortgage Market 
Pursuant to the Financial Institutions Act, any entity conducting financial activities in Norway, 
such as granting loans secured by residential mortgages, must be authorised by the Norwegian 
authorities and is subject to regulatory requirements in its capacity as a financial institution pursuant to 
the Financial Institutions Act. 
Credit Institutions, such as the Issuer, must have their registered office and head office in 
Norway. The relevant mortgage company is subject to capital adequacy requirements set out in the 
Financial Institutions Act and regulations issued thereunder. The capital adequacy requirements specify 
that the mortgage company must, at all times, maintain a satisfactory capital ratio based on the credit 
risk, market risk and the operational risk relating to the company. The relevant mortgage company’s 
articles of association must be approved by such Norwegian authorities and may not be amended 
without approval from the authorities. A mortgage company is further subject to several requirements, 
in particular, extensive reporting requirements. See “Description of Certain Norwegian Legislation 
Relating to Covered Bonds”. 
With effect from 1 January 2021, the Home Mortgage Regulations and the Consumer Loan 
Regulations, together governing lending activities in Norway, were combined in a joint Lending 
Regulation that will, unless extended or cancelled, be in effect until 31 December 2024. An evaluation 
of the Lending Regulation is expected to be sent for public consultation in Q3 of 2024.  
The Lending Regulations contain the following key elements: 
(i) 
An interest stress test will be applied to customers applying for a new floating rate 
mortgage. The stress test will account for an interest rate increase of three percentage 
points, with a floor of seven per cent. The interest rate stress test prior to 1 January 
2023 was for five percentage points (with no floor).  
(ii) 
Total debt of the customer shall not exceed five times their gross annual income. 
(iii) 
A maximum LTV of 85 per cent. for loans secured with residential mortgages, meaning 
that the customer needs to provide 15 per cent. equity. 
(iv) 
LTV needs to be below 60 per cent. for loans secured with residential mortgages 
without mandatory instalments (e.g. revolving loans).  
(v) 
Mortgage loans having an LTV of more than 60 per cent. require at least 2.5 per cent 
annual amortization. 
(vi) 
Specific requirements for loans with security in assets other than houses (for example, 
car and boat loans.

--- Page 200 ---
0081160-0000146 UKO2: 2008138142.9 
200 
 
 
(vii)  
The regulation is only applicable to consumers. 
(viii) 
Financial institutions may deviate from certain requirements based on specific 
thresholds (for mortgages, 10 per cent. of granted loans within a calendar quarter. 
There is a separate 8 per cent. quota for loans with mortgages located in Oslo. The 
quotas do not apply to refinancing).

--- Page 201 ---
0081160-0000146 UKO2: 2008138142.9 
201 
 
 
TAXATION 
Prospective purchasers of Covered Bonds are advised to consult their tax advisers as to the 
tax consequences under the tax laws of the country of which they are residents of a purchase of 
Covered Bonds, including, but not limited to, the consequences of receipts of interest and sale or 
redemption of Covered Bonds. 
FOREIGN ACCOUNT TAX COMPLIANCE ACT 
Pursuant to certain provisions of the U.S. Internal Revenue Code of 1986, commonly known as 
“FATCA”, a “foreign financial institution” (as defined by FATCA) may be required to withhold on certain 
payments it makes (“foreign passthru payments”) to persons that fail to meet certain certification, 
reporting or related requirements. The Issuer is a foreign financial institution for these purposes. A 
number of jurisdictions (including Norway) have entered into, or have agreed in substance to, 
intergovernmental agreements with the United States to implement FATCA (“IGAs”), which modify the 
way in which FATCA applies in their jurisdictions. Under the provisions of IGAs as currently in effect, a 
foreign financial institution in an IGA jurisdiction would generally not be required to withhold under 
FATCA or an IGA from payments that it makes. Certain aspects of the application of the FATCA 
provisions and IGAs to instruments such as Covered Bonds, including whether withholding would ever 
be required pursuant to FATCA or an IGA with respect to payments on instruments such as Covered 
Bonds, are uncertain and may be subject to change. Even if withholding would be required pursuant to 
FATCA or an IGA with respect to payments on instruments such as Covered Bonds, such withholding 
would not apply prior to the date that is two years after the date on which final regulations defining 
foreign passthru payments are published in the U.S. Federal Register and Covered Bonds issued on or 
prior to the date that is six months after the date on which final regulations defining foreign passthru 
payments are published generally would be grandfathered for purposes of FATCA withholding unless 
materially modified after such date. However, if additional Covered Bonds (as described under “Terms 
and Conditions of the Covered Bonds—Further Issues”) that are not distinguishable from previously 
issued Covered Bonds are issued after the expiration of the grandfathering period and are subject to 
withholding under FATCA, then withholding agents may treat all Covered Bonds, including the Covered 
Bonds offered prior to the expiration of the grandfathering period, as subject to withholding under 
FATCA. Holders should consult their own tax advisers regarding how these rules may apply to their 
investment in the Covered Bonds. In the event any withholding would be required pursuant to FATCA 
or an IGA with respect to payments on the Covered Bonds, no person will be required to pay additional 
amounts as a result of the withholding. 
NORWEGIAN TAXATION 
Payments of principal and interest on the Covered Bonds issued under the Programme to 
persons who have no connection with Norway other than the holding of such Covered Bonds issued by 
the Issuer are, under present Norwegian law, not subject to Norwegian tax, and may hence be made 
without any withholding tax or deduction for any Norwegian taxes, duties, assessments or governmental 
charges. 
Capital gains or profits realised on the sale, disposal or redemption of such Covered Bonds by 
persons who have no connection with Norway other than the holding of the Covered Bonds are not, 
under present Norwegian law, subject to Norwegian taxes or duties. 
Under present Norwegian law, no Norwegian issue tax or stamp duty is payable in connection 
with the issues of the Covered Bonds, and the Covered Bonds will not be subject to any Norwegian 
estate duties.

--- Page 202 ---
0081160-0000146 UKO2: 2008138142.9 
202 
 
 
Persons (both corporate entities and natural persons) considered domiciled in Norway for tax 
purposes will be subject to Norwegian income tax on interest received in respect of the Covered Bonds. 
At the date of this Base Prospectus, the ordinary income tax rate is 22 per cent (25 per cent for corporate 
entities that are subject to the Norwegian finance tax rate). Likewise, capital gains or profits realised by 
such persons on the sale, disposal or redemption of the Covered Bonds will be subject to Norwegian 
taxation. Natural persons domiciled in Norway are further subject to general wealth tax, which is not 
described further in this summary. 
With effect from 1 July 2021, Norway has introduced withholding tax of 15 per cent. (unless a 
lower rate is provided in an applicable tax treaty) on interest payments made to related enterprises 
resident within low-tax jurisdictions. For recipients of interest payments who are related enterprises and 
tax resident within a low-tax jurisdiction within the EEA, the withholding tax is not applicable if the 
recipient fulfils certain substance requirements (including that such related enterprise must be genuinely 
established and perform genuine economic activities). The withholding tax only applies to interest 
payments made to such related enterprises (i.e. (a) a company or entity that, directly or indirectly, is at 
least 50 per cent. owned or controlled, by the Issuer, (b) a company or entity that, directly or indirectly, 
owns or controls at least 50 per cent. of the Issuer, or (c) a company or entity that, directly or indirectly, 
is at least 50 per cent. owned or controlled by a company or entity that, directly or indirectly, owns or 
controls at least 50 per cent. of the Issuer).  
As the new rules only include interests paid to related parties there shall be no withholding tax 
on interest payments on the Covered Bonds. 
IRELAND TAXATION 
The following is a summary based on the laws and practices currently in force in Ireland of Irish 
withholding tax on interest and addresses the tax position of investors who are the absolute beneficial 
owners of the Covered Bonds. Particular rules not discussed below may apply to certain classes of 
taxpayers holding Covered Bonds, including dealers in securities and trusts. The summary does not 
constitute tax or legal advice and the comments below are of a general nature only and it does not 
discuss all aspects of Irish taxation that may be relevant to any particular holder of Covered Bonds. 
Prospective investors in the Covered Bonds should consult their professional advisers on the tax 
implications of the purchase, holding, redemption or sale of the Covered Bonds and the receipt of 
payments thereon under the laws of their country of residence, citizenship or domicile. 
Withholding Tax 
Tax at the standard rate of income tax (currently 20 per cent.) is required to be withheld from 
payments of Irish source interest. The Issuer will not be obliged to withhold Irish income tax from 
payments of interest on the Covered Bonds so long as such payments do not constitute Irish source 
income. Interest paid on the Covered Bonds may be treated as having an Irish source if: 
(a) 
the Issuer is resident in Ireland for tax purposes; or 
(b) 
the Issuer has a branch or permanent establishment in Ireland, the assets or income 
of which are used to fund the payments on the Covered Bonds; or 
(c) 
the Issuer is not resident in Ireland for tax purposes but the register for the Covered 
Bonds is maintained in Ireland or (if the Covered Bonds are in bearer form) the Covered 
Bonds are physically held in Ireland. 
It is anticipated that, (i) the Issuer is not and will not be resident in Ireland for tax purposes; (ii) 
the Issuer does not and will not have a branch or permanent establishment in Ireland; (iii) payments 
under the Covered Bonds will not be derived from Irish sources or assets; and (iv) bearer Covered

--- Page 203 ---
0081160-0000146 UKO2: 2008138142.9 
203 
 
 
Bonds will not be physically located in Ireland and the Issuer will not maintain a register of any registered 
Covered Bonds in Ireland. 
Encashment Tax 
Irish tax will be required to be withheld at the standard rate of income tax (currently 25 per cent.) 
on any interest, dividends or annual payments payable out of or in respect of the stocks, funds, shares 
or securities of a company not resident in Ireland, where such interest, dividends or annual payments 
are collected or realised by a bank or encashment agent in Ireland. 
Encashment tax will not apply where the beneficial holder of the Covered Bonds (i) is not 
resident in Ireland and has made a declaration in the prescribed form to the encashment agent or bank 
or (ii) is a company which is within the charge to Irish corporation tax in respect of the payment. 
Irish Land 
In the event that the Covered Bonds derive their value or the greater part of their value directly 
or indirectly from any immovable property situated in Ireland, Irish stamp duty and/or capital gains tax 
may arise on documents effecting a transfer of the Covered Bonds. 
PROPOSED FINANCIAL TRANSACTIONS TAX (“FTT”) 
On 14 February 2013, the European Commission published a proposal (the “Commission’s 
proposal”) for a Directive for a common FTT in Belgium, Germany, Estonia, Greece, Spain, France, 
Italy, Austria, Portugal, Slovenia and Slovakia (the “participating Member States”). However, Estonia 
has since stated that it will not participate. 
The Commission’s Proposal has very broad scope and could, if introduced apply to certain 
dealings in the Covered Bonds (including secondary market transactions) in certain circumstances. 
Primary market transactions referred to in Article 5(c) of Regulation (EC) No 1287/2006 are expected 
to be exempt. 
Under the Commission’s Proposal the FTT could apply in certain circumstances to persons 
both within and outside of the participating Member States. Generally, it would apply to certain dealings 
in the Covered Bonds where at least one party is a financial institution, and at least one party is 
established in a participating Member State. A financial institution may be, or be deemed to be, 
“established” in a participating Member State in a broad range of circumstances, including (a) by 
transacting with a person established in a participating Member State or (b) where the financial 
instrument which is subject to the dealings is issued in a participating Member State. 
However, the FTT proposal remains subject to negotiation between the participating Member 
States. It may therefore be altered prior to any implementation, the timing of which remains unclear. 
Additional EU Member States may decide to participate. Prospective holders of the Covered Bonds are 
advised to seek their own professional advice in relation to the FTT.

--- Page 204 ---
0081160-0000146 UKO2: 2008138142.9 
204 
 
 
SUBSCRIPTION AND SALE 
The Dealers have in a Programme Agreement dated 25 June 2007 (as amended and restated 
on 20 June 2008, 19 June 2009, 17 June 2010, 17 June 2011, 8 June 2012, 1 July 2013, 27 June 2014, 
1 July 2015, 22 June 2017, 22 June 2018, 21 June 2019, 17 June 2020, 18 June 2021, 25 July 2022 
and 27 June 2024 and as further amended or supplemented from time to time, the “Programme 
Agreement”) agreed with the Issuer a basis upon which they or any of them may from time to time 
agree to purchase Covered Bonds. Any such agreement will extend to those matters stated under “Form 
of the Covered Bonds” and “Terms and Conditions of the Covered Bonds” above. In the Programme 
Agreement, the Issuer has agreed to reimburse the Dealers for certain of their expenses in connection 
with the establishment and any future updates of the Programme and the issue of Covered Bonds under 
the Programme. The Dealers are entitled in certain circumstances to be released and discharged from 
their obligations under the Programme Agreement prior to the closing of the issue of the relevant 
Covered Bonds, including in the event that certain conditions precedent are not delivered or met to their 
satisfaction on the relevant issue date. In this situation, the issuance of the relevant Covered Bonds 
may not be completed. Investors will have no rights against the Issuer or Dealers in respect of any 
expense incurred or loss suffered in these circumstances 
United States 
The Covered Bonds have not been and will not be registered under the Securities Act or the 
securities laws of any state or other jurisdiction of the United States and may not be offered or sold 
within the United States or to, or for the account or benefit of, U.S. persons except in certain transactions 
exempt from or not subject to the registration requirements of the Securities Act. Terms used in this 
paragraph have the meanings given to them by Regulation S of the Securities Act. 
The Covered Bonds are subject to U.S. tax law requirements and may not be offered, sold or 
delivered within the United States or its possessions or to a United States person, except in certain 
transactions permitted by U.S. Treasury regulations. Terms used in this paragraph have the meanings 
given to them by the U.S. Internal Revenue Code of 1986 and Treasury regulations promulgated 
thereunder. The applicable Final Terms (or Pricing Supplement in the case of Exempt Covered Bonds) 
will identify whether TEFRA C rules or TEFRA D rules apply or whether TEFRA is not applicable. 
Each Dealer has represented and agreed and each further Dealer appointed under the 
Programme will be required to represent and agree that, except as permitted by the Programme 
Agreement, it will not offer, sell or deliver Covered Bonds of any Series (i) as part of the distribution 
thereof at any time or (ii) until 40 days after the later of the commencement of the offering and the 
completion of the distribution, as determined by the Paying Agents, of all Covered Bonds of the Tranche 
of which such Covered Bonds are a part within the United States or to, or for the account or benefit of, 
U.S. persons except in accordance with Regulations S of the Securities Act. Each Dealer has further 
agreed that it will have sent to each dealer to which it sells the Covered Bonds during the Distribution 
Compliance Period a confirmation or other notice setting forth the restrictions on offers and sales of the 
Covered Bonds within the United States or to, or for the account or benefit of, U.S. persons 
Until 40 days after the commencement of the offering of any Series of Covered Bonds, an offer 
or sale of such Covered Bonds within the United States by any dealer (whether or not participating in 
the offering) may violate the registration requirements of the Securities Act if such offer or sale is made 
otherwise than in accordance with an available exemption from registration under the Securities Act. 
In addition in respect of Swiss Domestic Covered Bonds, each Dealer has represented, 
warranted and agreed and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be required to 
represent, warrant and agree that (i) the Swiss Domestic Covered Bonds will be offered and sold in 
accordance with practices and documentation customary in Switzerland, (ii) each Dealer will use

--- Page 205 ---
0081160-0000146 UKO2: 2008138142.9 
205 
 
 
reasonable efforts to sell the Swiss Domestic Covered Bonds within Switzerland, (iii) more than 80 per 
cent. by value of the Covered Bonds included in an offering that includes Swiss Domestic Covered 
Bonds are or will be offered and sold to persons who are not distributors (as defined in the United States 
Treasury Regulation Section 1.163-5(c)(2)(i)(D)(4) (or any successor U.S. Treasury regulation section, 
including without limitation, successor regulations issued in accordance with IRS Notice 2012-20 or 
otherwise in connection with the United States Hiring Incentives to Restore Employment Act of 2010)) 
by distributors (as so defined) maintaining an office located in Switzerland and (iv) the issuance of the 
Swiss Domestic Covered Bonds may be subject to guidelines or restrictions imposed by governmental, 
banking or securities authorities in Switzerland and each Dealer agrees to comply with such guidelines 
and restrictions. 
Prohibition of Sales to EEA Retail Investors 
Unless the Final Terms in respect of any Covered Bonds (or Pricing Supplement, in the case 
of Exempt Covered Bonds) specifies “Prohibition of Sales to EEA Retail Investors” as “Not Applicable”, 
each Dealer has represented, warranted and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the 
Programme will be required to represent and agree, that it has not offered, sold  or otherwise made 
available and will not offer, sell or otherwise make available any Covered Bonds which are the subject 
of the offering contemplated by this Base Prospectus as completed by the Final Terms (or Pricing 
Supplement, as the case may be) in relation thereto to any retail investor in the EEA. For the purposes 
of this provision: 
(a) 
the expression “retail investor” means a person who is one (or more) of the following: 
(i) 
a retail client as defined in point (11) of Article 4(1) of MiFID II; 
(ii) 
a customer within the meaning of the Insurance Distribution Directive, where 
that customer would not qualify as a professional client as defined in point (10) 
of Article 4(1) of MiFID II; or 
(iii) 
not a qualified investor as defined in the Prospectus Regulation; and 
(b) 
the expression an “offer” includes the communication in any form and by any means 
of sufficient information on the terms of the offer and the Covered Bonds to be offered 
so as to enable an investor to decide to purchase or subscribe for the Covered Bonds. 
If the Final Terms in respect of any Covered Bonds (or Pricing Supplement, in the case of 
Exempt Covered Bonds) specified “Prohibition of Sales to EEA Retail Investors” as “Not Applicable”, in 
relation to each Member State of the European Economic Area, each Dealer has represented, 
warranted and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be required to 
represent, warrant and agree, that it has not made and will not make an offer of Covered Bonds which 
are the subject of the offering contemplated by this Base Prospectus as completed by the final terms in 
relation thereto to the public in that Member State except that it may make an offer of such Covered 
Bonds to the public in that Member State: 
(a) 
at any time to any legal entity which is a qualified investor as defined in the Prospectus 
Regulation; 
(b) 
at any time to fewer than 150 natural or legal persons (other than qualified investors as 
defined in the Prospectus Regulation) subject to obtaining the prior consent of the 
relevant Dealer or Dealers nominated by the Issuer for any such offer; or 
(c) 
at any time in any other circumstances falling within Article 1(4) of the Prospectus 
Regulation,

--- Page 206 ---
0081160-0000146 UKO2: 2008138142.9 
206 
 
 
provided that no such offer of Covered Bonds referred to in (a) to (c) above shall require the 
Issuer or any Dealer to publish a base prospectus pursuant to Article 3 of the Prospectus Regulation, 
or supplement a base prospectus pursuant to Article 23 of the Prospectus Regulation. 
For the purposes of this provision: 
• 
the expression an offer of Covered Bonds to the public in relation to any Covered 
Bonds in any Member State means the communication in any form and by any means 
of sufficient information on the terms of the offer and the Covered Bonds to be offered 
so as to enable an investor to decide to purchase or subscribe for the Covered Bonds; 
and 
• 
the expression Prospectus Regulation means Regulation (EU) 2017/1129. 
United Kingdom 
Unless the Final Terms in respect of any Covered Bonds (or Pricing Supplement, in the case 
of Exempt Covered Bonds) specifies “Prohibition of Sales to UK Retail Investors” as “Not Applicable”, 
each Dealer has represented, warranted and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the 
Programme will be required to represent and agree, that it has not offered, sold or otherwise made 
available and will not offer, sell or otherwise make available any Covered Bonds which are the subject 
of the offering contemplated by this Base Prospectus as completed by the Final Terms (or Pricing 
Supplement, as the case may be) in relation thereto to any retail investor in the UK.  For the purposes 
of this provision: 
(a) 
the expression “retail investor” means a person who is one (or more) of the following: 
(i) 
a retail client, as defined in point (8) of Article 2 of Regulation (EU) No 2017/565 
as it forms part of domestic law by virtue of the EUWA; or 
(ii) 
a customer within the meaning of the provisions of the FSMA and any rules or 
regulations made under the FSMA to implement Directive (EU) 2016/97, where 
that customer would not qualify as a professional client, as defined in point (8) 
of Article 2(1) of Regulation (EU) No 600/2014 as it forms part of domestic law 
by virtue of the EUWA; or 
(iii) 
not a qualified investor as defined in Article 2 of the UK Prospectus Regulation; 
and 
(b) 
the expression an “offer” includes the communication in any form and by any means of 
sufficient information on the terms of the offer and the Covered Bonds to be offered so 
as to enable an investor to decide to purchase or subscribe for the Covered Bonds.  
If the Final Terms in respect of any Covered Bonds (or Pricing Supplement, in the case of 
Exempt Covered Bonds) specifies “Prohibition of Sales to UK Retail Investors” as “Not Applicable”, 
each Dealer has represented, warranted and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the 
Programme will be required to represent, warrant and agree, that it has not made and will not make an 
offer of Covered Bonds which are the subject of the offering contemplated by this Base Prospectus as 
completed by the final terms in relation thereto to the public in the UK except that it may make an offer 
of such Covered Bonds to the public in the UK: 
(A) 
at any time to any legal entity which is a qualified investor as defined in Article 2 of the 
UK Prospectus Regulation;

--- Page 207 ---
0081160-0000146 UKO2: 2008138142.9 
207 
 
 
(B) 
at any time to fewer than 150 natural or legal persons (other than qualified investors as 
defined in Article 2 of the UK Prospectus Regulation) in the UK subject to obtaining the 
prior consent of the relevant Dealer or Dealers nominated by the Issuer for any such 
offer; or 
(C) 
at any time in any other circumstances falling within section 86 of the FSMA, 
provided that no such offer of Covered Bonds referred to in (A) to (C) above shall require the 
Issuer or any Dealer to publish a prospectus pursuant to section 85 of the FSMA or supplement a 
prospectus pursuant to Article 23 of the UK Prospectus Regulation. 
For the purposes of this provision: 
• 
the expression an offer of Covered Bonds to the public in relation to any Covered Bonds 
means the communication in any form and by any means of sufficient information on 
the terms of the offer and the Covered Bonds to be offered so as to enable an investor 
to decide to purchase or subscribe for the Covered Bonds; and  
• 
the expression UK Prospectus Regulation means Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 as it 
forms part of domestic law by virtue of the EUWA. 
Other regulatory restrictions 
Each Dealer has further represented, warranted and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed 
under the Programme will be required to represent, warrant and agree, that: 
(a) 
in relation to any Covered Bonds which have a maturity of less than one year, (i) it is a 
person whose ordinary activities involve it in acquiring, holding, managing or disposing 
of investments (as principal or agent) for the purposes of its business and (ii) it has 
not offered or sold and will not offer or sell any Covered Bonds other than to persons 
whose ordinary activities involve them in acquiring, holding, managing or disposing of 
investments (as principal or as agent) for the purposes of their businesses or who it is 
reasonable to expect will acquire, hold, manage or dispose of investments (as principal 
or agent) for the purposes of their businesses where the issue of the Covered Bonds 
would otherwise constitute a contravention of Section 19 of the FSMA by the Issuer; 
(b) 
it has only communicated or caused to be communicated and will only communicate or 
cause to be communicated an invitation or inducement to engage in investment activity 
(within the meaning of Section 21 of the FSMA) received by it in connection with the 
issue or sale of any Covered Bonds in circumstances in which Section 21(1) of the 
FSMA does not apply to the Issuer; and 
(c) 
it has complied and will comply with all applicable provisions of the FSMA with respect 
to anything done by it in relation to any Covered Bonds in, from or otherwise involving 
the UK. 
Norway 
Each Dealer has represented, warranted and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under 
the Programme will be required to represent, warrant and agree, that it has not, directly or indirectly, 
offered or sold and will not, directly or indirectly, offer or sell any Covered Bonds in Norway, unless the 
Issuer has confirmed in writing to each Dealer that a prospectus in relation to the Covered Bonds filed 
with and approved by the competent authority in Norway or, where appropriate, approved in another

--- Page 208 ---
0081160-0000146 UKO2: 2008138142.9 
208 
 
 
Relevant State and notified to the competent authority in Norway, all in accordance with the Prospectus 
Regulation, except that it may offer or sell Covered Bonds in Norway at any time: 
(a) 
in respect of an offer of Covered Bonds addressed to investors subject to a minimum 
purchase of Covered Bonds for a total consideration of not less than €100,000 per 
investor cf. the Prospectus Regulation Article 1 no. 4 (c) as incorporated into Norwegian  
law pursuant to Section 7-1 of the Securities Trading Act of 29 June 2007 No. 75. (the 
“Securities Trading Act”); or 
(b) 
to any legal entity which is a “qualified investor” as defined in the Prospectus Regulation 
Article 2 (e), cf. Article 1 no. 4 (a), as incorporated into Norwegian law pursuant to 
Section 7-1 of the Securities Trading Act; 
(c) 
to, when aggregated with such offer or sale of any Covered Bonds in the same offering 
by any other Dealer, fewer than 150 natural or legal persons (other than qualified 
investors as defined in the Prospectus Regulation Article 2 (e), cf. Article 1 no. 4 (b), 
as incorporated into Norwegian law pursuant to Section 7-1 of the Securities Trading 
Act) subject to obtaining the prior consent of the relevant Dealer or Dealers for any 
such offer; or 
(d) 
in any other circumstances which do not require the registration or publication by the 
Issuer or the Dealer of a prospectus pursuant to the Prospectus Regulation Article 1 
no. 4 and no. 6 as incorporated into Norwegian law pursuant to Section 7-1 of the 
Securities Trading Act. Covered Bonds shall be registered in accordance with section 
3-1 of the Norwegian  Securities Depository Act of 15 March 2019 no. 6 in a Securities 
Depository approved or acknowledged under the EU central securities depositories 
(CSD) regulation (Regulation (EU) No 909/2014 of 23 July 2014 on improving securities 
settlement in the EU and on central securities depositories and amending Directives 
98/26/EC and 2014/65/EU and Regulation (EU) No 236/2012) which unless otherwise 
specified in the Final Terms will be VPS. 
Denmark 
Each Dealer has represented, warranted and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under 
the Programme will be required to represent, warrant and agree, that it has not offered or sold and will 
not offer, sell or deliver any Covered Bonds directly or indirectly in the Kingdom of Denmark by way of 
a public offering, unless in compliance with, as applicable, the Prospectus Regulation, the Danish 
Consolidated Act No. 2014 of 1 November 2021 on Capital Markets, as amended, supplemented or 
replaced from time to time, and Executive Orders issued thereunder and in compliance with Executive 
Order No. 191 of 31 January 2022, as amended, supplemented or replaced from time to time, issued 
pursuant to the Danish Consolidated Act No. 2497 of 15 December 2021 on Financial Business, as 
amended, supplemented or replaced from time to time. 
The Netherlands 
Any Exempt Covered Bonds (or any interest therein) are not and may not, directly or indirectly, 
be offered, sold, pledged, delivered or transferred in the Netherlands, on their issue date or at any time 
thereafter, and neither this Base Prospectus or any other document in relation to any offering of any 
Exempt Covered Bonds (or any interest therein) may be distributed or circulated in the Netherlands, 
other than to qualified investors as defined in the Prospectus Regulation, provided that these parties 
acquire any Exempt Covered Bonds for their own account or that of another qualified investor. 
Each Dealer has represented, warranted and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under 
the Programme will be required to represent, warrant and agree, that bearer Zero Coupon Covered

--- Page 209 ---
0081160-0000146 UKO2: 2008138142.9 
209 
 
 
Bonds in definitive bearer form and other bearer securities in definitive form on which interest does not 
become due and payable during their term but only at maturity (savings certificates or spaarbewijzen 
as defined in the Dutch Savings Certificates Act (Wet inzake spaarbewijzen), the “SCA”) may only be 
transferred and accepted, directly or indirectly, within, from or into the Netherlands through the 
mediation of either the Issuer or a member of Euronext Amsterdam N.V. with due observance of the 
provisions of the SCA and its implementing regulations (which include registration requirements). No 
such mediation is required, however, in respect of (i) the initial issue of such securities to the first holders 
thereof, (ii) the transfer and acceptance by individuals who do not act in the conduct of a profession or 
business, and (iii) the issue and trading of such securities if they are physically issued outside the 
Netherlands and are not distributed in the Netherlands in the course of primary trading or immediately 
thereafter. 
Belgium 
Other than in respect of Covered Bonds for which “Prohibition of Sales to Belgian Consumers” 
is specified as “Not Applicable” in the applicable Final Terms (or Pricing Supplement, in the case of 
Exempt Covered Bonds), each Dealer has represented, warranted and agreed, and each further Dealer 
appointed under the Programme will be required to represent, warrant and agree, that an offering of 
Covered Bonds may not be advertised to any individual in Belgium qualifying as a consumer within the 
meaning of Article I.1 of the Belgian Code of Economic Law, as amended from time to time (a “Belgian 
Consumer”) and that it has not offered, sold or resold, transferred or delivered, and will not offer, sell, 
resell, transfer or deliver, the Covered Bonds, and that it has not distributed, and will not distribute, any 
prospectus, memorandum, information circular, brochure or any similar documents in relation to the 
Covered Bonds, directly or indirectly, to any Belgian Consumer. 
Japan 
The Covered Bonds have not been and will not be registered under the Financial Instruments 
and Exchange Act of Japan (Act No. 25 of 1948, as amended, the “FIEA”) and each Dealer has 
represented, warranted and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be 
required to represent, warrant and agree, that it has not offered or sold and will not offer or sell any 
Covered Bonds, directly or indirectly, in Japan or to, or for the benefit of, any resident of Japan (as 
defined under Item 5, Paragraph 1, Article 6 of the Foreign Exchange and Foreign Trade Act (Act No. 
228 of 1949, as amended)), or to others for re-offering or resale, directly or indirectly, in Japan or to, or 
for the benefit of, a resident of Japan, except pursuant to an exemption from the registration 
requirements of, and otherwise in compliance with, the FIEA and any other applicable laws, regulations 
and ministerial guidelines of Japan. 
Switzerland 
This Base Prospectus is not intended to constitute an offer or solicitation to purchase or invest 
in the Covered Bonds. The Covered Bonds may not be publicly offered, directly or indirectly, in 
Switzerland within the meaning of the Swiss Financial Services Act (“FinSA”) and no application has or 
will be made to admit the Covered Bonds to trading on any trading venue (exchange or multilateral 
trading facility) in Switzerland. Neither this Base Prospectus nor any other offering or marketing material 
relating to the Covered Bonds constitutes a prospectus pursuant to the FinSA, and neither this Base 
Prospectus nor any other offering or marketing material relating to the Covered Bonds may be publicly 
distributed or otherwise made publicly available in Switzerland. 
General 
Each Dealer has agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be 
required to agree, that it will (to the best of its knowledge and belief) comply with all applicable securities 
laws and regulations in force in any jurisdiction in which it purchases, offers, sells or delivers Covered

--- Page 210 ---
0081160-0000146 UKO2: 2008138142.9 
210 
 
 
Bonds or possesses or distributes this Base Prospectus and will obtain any consent, approval or 
permission required by it for the purchase, offer, sale or delivery by it of Covered Bonds under the laws 
and regulations in force in any jurisdiction to which it is subject or in which it makes such purchases, 
offers, sales or deliveries and neither the Issuer, the Fiscal Agent, the Arranger nor any other Dealer 
shall have any responsibility therefor. 
None of the Issuer, the Fiscal Agent, the Arranger nor any of the Dealers represents that 
Covered Bonds may at any time lawfully be sold in compliance with any applicable registration or other 
requirements in any jurisdiction, or pursuant to any exemption available thereunder, or assumes any 
responsibility for facilitating such sale.

--- Page 211 ---
0081160-0000146 UKO2: 2008138142.9 
211 
 
 
GENERAL INFORMATION 
Authorisation 
The establishment and the subsequent updates of the Programme and the issue of Covered 
Bonds have been duly authorised by a resolution of the meeting of the Board of Directors of the Issuer 
dated 18 January 2024. 
Approval, Listing of Covered Bonds and Admission to Trading on the Regulated Market 
Application has been made to Euronext Dublin for Covered Bonds issued under the Programme 
(other than the Exempt Covered Bonds, the Swiss Domestic Covered Bonds and VP Systems Covered 
Bonds which are not cleared through VPS, VP or VPC) within 12 months of this Base Prospectus to be 
admitted to the Official List and trading on the Regulated Market of Euronext Dublin. 
Documents Available 
For the period of 12 months following the date of the Base Prospectus, copies of the following 
documents will, when published, be available from https://www.ir.dnb.no/funding-and-rating/funding-
programmes:  
(i) 
the constitutional documents (with an English translation thereof) of the Issuer; 
(ii) 
the Agency Agreement, the Deed of Covenant, the forms of the Temporary Bearer 
Global Covered Bonds, the Permanent Bearer Global Covered Bonds, the definitive 
Bearer Covered Bond, the Registered Covered Bond, the Swiss Global Covered Bond, 
the Coupons and the Talons; 
(iii) 
a copy of this Base Prospectus; and 
(iv) 
any future prospectuses, information memoranda, supplements, Final Terms and 
Pricing Supplements (in the case of Exempt Covered Bonds) (save that Pricing 
Supplements will only be available for inspection by a holder of such Covered Bond 
and such holder must produce evidence satisfactory to the Issuer and the Paying Agent 
as to its holding of Covered Bonds and identity) to the Base Prospectus and any other 
documents incorporated herein or therein by reference. 
Clearing Systems 
The Covered Bonds have been accepted for clearance through Euroclear, Clearstream, 
Luxembourg and SIX SIS AG. The appropriate Common Code, ISIN and Swiss Security Number (as 
appropriate) for each Tranche of Covered Bonds allocated by Euroclear, Clearstream, Luxembourg and 
SIX SIS AG will be specified in the applicable Final Terms, or as the case may be, the applicable Pricing 
Supplement. If the Covered Bonds are to clear through VPS, VP or VPC and are to be listed on the 
Regulated Market of Euronext Dublin, Investors with accounts in Euroclear and/or Clearstream, 
Luxembourg may hold Covered Bonds in their accounts with such clearing systems and the relevant 
clearing system will be shown in the records of, as the case may be VPS, VP or VPC as the holder of 
the relevant amount of the Covered Bonds. If the Covered Bonds are to clear through an additional or 
alternative clearing system (including VPS, VP or VPC), the appropriate information will be specified in 
the applicable Final Terms or Pricing Supplement. Euroclear, Clearstream, Luxembourg, SIX SIS AG, 
VPS, VP and VPC are the entities in charge of keeping the records.

--- Page 212 ---
0081160-0000146 UKO2: 2008138142.9 
212 
 
 
The address of Euroclear is 1 Boulevard du Roi Albert II, B.1210 Brussels, Belgium; the address 
of Clearstream, Luxembourg is 42 Avenue J. F. Kennedy, L-1855 Luxembourg; the address of SIX SIS 
AG is Baslerstrasse 100, CH-4600 Olten, Switzerland; the address of the VPS is Fred. Olsens gate 1, 
Po. Box 1174 Sentrum, 0107 Oslo; the address of the VP is Helgeshøj Alle´ 61, DK- 2630 Taastrup, 
Denmark; and the address of the VPC is Regeringsgaten 65, SE-103 97 Stockholm, Sweden. 
Conditions for Determining Price 
The issue price and amount of the Covered Bonds of any Tranche to be issued under the 
Programme will be determined by the Issuer and the relevant Dealer at the time of the issue of such 
Tranche in accordance with prevailing market conditions. 
Language of this Base Prospectus 
The language of this Base Prospectus is English. Certain legislative references and technical 
terms have been cited in their original language in order that the correct technical meaning may be 
ascribed to them under applicable law. 
Yield 
In relation to any Tranche of Fixed Rate Covered Bonds, an indication of the yield in respect of 
such Covered Bonds will be specified in the applicable Final Terms (or Pricing Supplement in the case 
of Exempt Covered Bonds). The yield is calculated at the Issue Date of the Covered Bonds on the basis 
of the relevant Issue Price. The yield indicated will be calculated as the yield to maturity as at the Issue 
Date of the Covered Bonds and will not be an indication of future yield. 
Material Change and Significant Change 
Since 31 December 2023, there has been no material adverse change in the financial position 
or prospects of the Issuer and, since 31 March 2024, there has been no significant change in the 
financial performance or position of the Issuer. 
Litigation 
The Issuer is not nor has it been involved in any governmental, legal or arbitration proceedings 
(including any such proceedings which are pending or threatened of which the Issuer is aware) in the 
12 months preceding the date of this Base Prospectus which may have, or have in such period had, a 
significant effect on the financial position or profitability of the Issuer. 
Further Information relating to the Issuer Cover Pool 
The Issuer provides Issuer Reports at three-month intervals shortly after Issuer Cover Pool data 
is determined. Issuer Cover Pool data is currently determined at 31 December, 31 March, 30 June and 
30 September in each year. The Issuer Reports shall be posted on the Issuer's website at: 
https://www.ir.dnb.no/funding-and-rating/cover-pool-data. The Issuer's website and the contents 
thereof do not form any part of this Base Prospectus. 
Auditors 
The Issuer's accounts for each of the financial year ended 31 December 2022 and 31 
December 2023 were audited by Ernst & Young AS of Oslo Atrium, Dronning Eufemias gate 6, 0051 
Oslo, state authorised public accountants who were appointed to act for the Issuer with effect from 30 
April 2008. Ernst & Young AS is a member of the Norwegian Institute of Public Accountants and is 
supervised by Norwegian Finanstilsynet which is recognised by the Swiss Federal Council.

--- Page 213 ---
0081160-0000146 UKO2: 2008138142.9 
213 
 
 
Irish Listing Agent 
The Irish Listing Agent is Arthur Cox Listing Services Limited and the address of its registered 
office is Arthur Cox Building, Ten Earlsfort Terrace, Dublin 2, Ireland. Arthur Cox Listing Services 
Limited is acting solely in its capacity as listing agent for the Issuer in connection with the Covered 
Bonds and is not itself seeking admission of the Covered Bonds to the Official List or to trading on the 
Regulated Market of Euronext Dublin.

--- Page 214 ---
0081160-0000146 UKO2: 2008138142.9 
214 
 
 
GLOSSARY 
In this Base Prospectus, the following defined terms have the meanings set out below: 
 “Accrual Period” shall mean the period from (and including) the most recent Interest Payment 
Date (or, if none, the Interest Commencement Date) to (but excluding) the relevant Payment Date. 
“Agency Agreement” shall mean the agency agreement (as amended and restated on 20 June 
2008, 19 June 2009, 17 June 2010, 17 June 2011, 8 June 2012, July 2013, 27 June 2014, 1 July 2015, 
5 February 2018, 22 June 2018, 17 June 2020, 18 June 2021, 25 July 2022, 10 July 2023 and 27 June 
2024 and as may be further amended or supplemented from time to time) dated 25 June 2007 between 
the Issuer, Fiscal Agent and the other agents. 
“Amortised Face Amount” shall have the meaning given to it in Condition 5(e) (Early 
Redemption Amounts) of the Terms and Conditions of the Covered Bonds. 
“Applicable Procedures” shall mean, in relation to the transfer and/or exchange of a beneficial 
interest in the Registered Global Covered Bond, the rules and operating procedures for the time being 
of Euroclear or Clearstream, Luxembourg, as the case may be. 
“Bank” shall mean DNB Bank ASA. 
“Basel Committee” shall mean the Basel Committee on Banking Supervision. 
“Basel III” shall mean the changes approved by the Basel Committee to the Basel II regulatory 
capital and liquidity framework in 2011. 
“Bearer Covered Bonds” shall mean Covered Bonds issued in bearer form.  
“Beneficial Owner” shall mean the actual purchaser of a Registered Covered Bond. 
“Bank Recovery and Resolution Directive” or “BRRD” shall mean Directive EU 2014/59/EU 
of the European Parliament and of the Council of 15 May 2014 establishing a framework for the recovery 
and resolution of credit institutions and investment firms. 
“Business Day” shall have the meaning given to it in Condition 3 (Interest) of the Terms and 
Conditions of the Covered Bonds. 
“Calculation Agent(s)” shall mean any calculation agent appointed in accordance with the 
Agency Agreement. 
“Central Bank” shall mean the Central Bank of Ireland as competent authority under the 
Prospectus Regulation. 
“CET1” shall mean common equity tier 1. 
“Clearstream, Luxembourg” shall mean Clearstream Banking, S.A.  
“Code” shall mean the Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended. 
“Common Depositary” shall mean the common depositary who receives the Temporary 
Bearer Global Covered Bonds (which are not intended to be issued in NGCB form) on or prior to the 
original issue date of the Tranche.

--- Page 215 ---
0081160-0000146 UKO2: 2008138142.9 
215 
 
 
“Common Safekeeper” shall mean the common safekeeper who receives the Temporary 
Bearer Global Covered Bonds (which are intended to be issued in NGCB form) on or prior to the original 
issue date of the Tranche. 
“Conditions” shall mean the conditions set forth in this Base Prospectus. 
“Couponholders” shall mean the holders of the Coupons, and unless the context requires 
otherwise, the holders of Talons. 
“Coupons” shall mean the interest coupons on interest bearing definitive Bearer Covered 
Bonds. 
“Covered Bond Directive” shall mean Directive (EU) 2019/2162. 
“Covered Bondholder” shall mean the holder of Covered Bonds. 
“Covered Bonds” shall mean those European covered bonds (premium) issued by the Issuer 
under the Programme in accordance with the Financial Institutions Act. 
“Cover Pool” shall mean a cover pool as defined in the Financial Institutions Act (including, for 
the avoidance of doubt, the relevant Issuer Cover Pool).  
“CPI” shall mean consumer price index. 
“Credit Institution” shall mean Norwegian financial enterprises which are licensed as a 
mortgage company (kredittforetak) under the Financial Institutions Act Section 2-8, which may issue 
covered bonds. 
“Currency Swap Agreement” shall mean a currency swap entered into by the Issuer by 
executing an ISDA Master Agreement (including a schedule, confirmations and credit support annex) 
(each of the transactions thereunder, a “Currency Swap”) with a currency swap provider (a “Currency 
Swap Provider”). 
“Currency Swap Early Termination Event” shall mean the termination of the Currency  Swap 
Agreement in certain circumstances, including (without limitation) pursuant to any other events of 
default and termination events set out in the Currency Swap Agreement (each referred to as a Currency 
Swap Early Termination Event), including (a) at the option of any party to the Currency Swap 
Agreement, if there is a failure by the other party to make timely payments of any amounts due under 
the Currency Swap Agreement; and (b) upon the occurrence of the insolvency of the Currency Swap 
Provider or any guarantor of the Currency Swap Provider's obligations. 
“Day Count Fraction” shall have the meaning given to it in Condition 3 (Interest) of the  Terms 
and Conditions of the Covered Bonds. 
“Deed of Covenant” shall mean the deed of covenant (as amended and restated on 1 July 
2013 and as further amended or supplemented from time to time) executed by the Issuer in relation to 
the Covered Bonds on 25 June 2007. 
“Dealer” shall mean each entity specified as such in the Programme. 
“Determination Period” shall mean the period from (and including) a Determination Date to 
(but excluding) the next Determination Date (including, where either the Interest Commencement Date 
or the final Interest Payment Date is not a Determination Date, the period commencing on the first 
Determination Date prior to, and ending on the first Determination Date falling after such date).

--- Page 216 ---
0081160-0000146 UKO2: 2008138142.9 
216 
 
 
“Distribution Compliance Period” shall mean the period that ends 40 days after completion 
of the distribution of each Tranche of Covered Bonds, as certified by the relevant Dealer or, as the case 
may be, the Lead Manager. 
“DNB Group” shall mean the Bank and its subsidiaries.  
“EEA” shall mean European Economic Area. 
“EMIR” shall mean the European Markets Infrastructure Regulation (EU) No 648/2012.  
“EU” shall mean European Union. 
“EURIBOR” shall mean the Euro-zone inter-bank offered rate. 
“Euro-zone” means the region comprised of Member States of the EU that adopt the single 
currency in accordance with the Treaty establishing the European Communities, as amended. 
“Euroclear” shall mean Euroclear Bank SA/NV. 
“Exchange Date” shall mean the date on which interests in the Temporary Bearer Global 
Covered Bond are exchanged either for interests in a Permanent Bearer Global Covered Bond or for 
definitive Bearer Covered Bonds as the case may be. 
“Exchange Event” shall mean (i) the Issuer has been notified that either Euroclear or 
Clearstream, Luxembourg has been closed for business for a continuous period of 14 days (other than 
by reason of holiday, statutory or otherwise) or has announced an intention permanently to cease 
business or has in fact done so and no alternative clearing system satisfactory to the Issuer, the Fiscal 
Agent, the other Paying Agents and the Covered Bondholder is available or, unless otherwise specified 
in the applicable Final Terms, or as the case may be, the applicable Pricing Supplement, (ii) the Issuer 
has or will become obliged to pay additional amounts as provided for or referred to in Condition 6 
(Taxation) which would not be required were the Covered Bonds represented by the Permanent Bearer 
Global Covered Bond in definitive bearer form and a certificate to such effect signed by two Directors 
of the Issuer has been given to the Fiscal Agent. 
“FIEA” shall mean the Financial Instruments and Exchange Act of Japan (Act No. 25 of 1948, 
as amended). 
“Financial Institutions” shall mean the Norwegian financial enterprises (finansforetak) as 
defined in the Financial Institutions Act which may issue covered bonds. 
“Financial Institutions Act” shall mean the Norwegian Act on financial institutions and financial 
groups of 10 April 2015 No 17 (finansforetaksloven). 
“Financing Legislation” shall mean the Financial Institutions Act and the Financial Institutions 
Regulation. 
“Financial Institutions Regulation” shall mean the Regulations on financial institutions and 
financial groups of 9 December 2016 No. 1502 issued by the Ministry under the authority conferred on 
it by the Financial Institutions Act. 
“Fiscal Agent” shall mean Citibank, N.A. or any successor agent appointed in accordance with 
the Agency Agreement.

--- Page 217 ---
0081160-0000146 UKO2: 2008138142.9 
217 
 
 
“Fixed Interest Period” shall mean the period from (and including) as Interest Payment Date 
(or the Interest Commencement Date) to (but excluding) the next (or first) Interest Payment Date. 
“Fixed Rate Covered Bond” shall mean Covered Bonds which provide for interest based on a 
fixed rate. 
“Floating Rate Covered Bond” shall mean Covered Bonds which provide for interest based 
on a floating rate. 
“Further Covered Bonds” shall mean further covered bonds created and issued by the Issuer 
from time to time having terms and conditions the same as the Covered Bonds or the same in all 
respects save for the amount and date of the first payment of interest thereon and so that the same 
shall be consolidated and form a single Series with the outstanding Covered Bonds. 
“Government Loans” shall mean a loan guaranteed by certain governmental bodies which, 
pursuant to the Financial Institutions Act, can be included in a Cover Pool. 
“Green Covered Bonds” shall mean Covered Bonds for which the “Reasons for the Offer” in 
Part B of the applicable Final Terms (or, in the case of Exempt Covered Bonds, the applicable Pricing 
Supplement) are stated to be for “green” purposes as described in the ”Use of Proceeds” section. 
“Group” shall mean the DNB group. 
“IFRS” shall mean International Financial Reporting Standards. 
“Insurance Distribution Directive” shall mean Directive (EU) 2016/97. 
“Interest Amount” shall mean the amount of interest payable per Calculation Amount on the 
Floating Rate Covered Bonds for the relevant Interest Period as calculated by the Fiscal Agent or, where 
the applicable Final Terms (or Pricing Supplement in the case of Exempt Covered Bonds) specifies a 
Calculation Agent, the Calculation Agent. 
“Interest Payment Date” shall have the meaning given to it in Condition 3 (Interest) of the 
Terms and Conditions of the Covered Bonds. 
“Interest Rate Swap Agreement” shall mean an interest swap entered into by the Issuer by 
executing an ISDA Master Agreement (including a schedule, confirmations and credit support annex) 
(each of the transactions thereunder, an “Interest Rate Swap”) with an interest rate swap provider (an 
“Interest Rate Swap Provider”). 
“Interest Rate Early Termination Event” shall mean the termination of the Interest Rate Swap 
Agreement in certain circumstances including (without limitation) pursuant to any other events of default 
and termination events set out in the Interest Rate Swap Agreement (each referred to as an Interest 
Rate Swap Early Termination Event), including (a) at the option of any party to the Interest Rate Swap 
Agreement, if there is a failure by the other party to make timely payments of any amounts due under 
the Interest Rate Swap Agreement; and (b) upon the occurrence of the insolvency of the Interest Rate 
Swap Provider or any guarantor of the Interest Swap Provider’s obligations. 
“Intermediary” means SIX SIS AG or any other clearing institution recognised by the SIX Swiss 
Exchange. 
“Investor’s Currency” shall mean the currency or currency unit in which an investor’s financial 
activities are denominated principally, other than a Specified Currency.

--- Page 218 ---
0081160-0000146 UKO2: 2008138142.9 
218 
 
 
“Investor Put” shall mean the option of the Covered Bondholders to redeem certain Covered 
Bonds. 
“IRS” shall mean the United States Internal Revenue Service. 
“ISDA Rate” shall have the meaning given to it in Condition 3 (Interest) of the Terms and 
Conditions of the Covered Bonds. 
“ISDA Definitions” shall have the meaning given to it in Condition 3 (Interest) of the Terms and 
Conditions of the Covered Bonds. 
“Issuer” shall mean DNB Boligkreditt AS. 
“Issuer Call” shall mean the option of the Issuer to redeem certain Covered Bonds. 
“Issuer Cover Pool” shall mean the cover pool maintained by the Issuer in accordance with 
the terms of the Financial Institutions Act (as amended by the Terms and Conditions of the Covered 
Bonds) which only consists of loans secured (i) by Residential Mortgages and (ii) by mortgages over 
second homes or joint debt of housing cooperatives secured by mortgages over real property of such 
entities, receivables in the form of certain derivatives agreements specified under the Financial 
Institutions Act and supplemental assets (as defined under the Financial Institutions Act). 
“LCR” shall mean the Liquidity Coverage Ratio.  
"Lending Regulations” shall mean the Norwegian lending regulations of 9 December 2020 
No 2648 issued by the Norwegian Ministry of Finance under the authority conferred on it by the Financial 
Institutions Act (as amended from time to time). 
“LIBOR” shall mean the London inter-bank offered rate. 
“London Business Day” shall mean a day (other than a Saturday or a Sunday) on which banks 
and foreign exchange markets are open for general business in London. 
“Long Maturity Covered Bond” shall mean a Fixed Rate Covered Bond (other than a Fixed 
Rate Covered Bond which on issue had a Talon attached) whose nominal amount on issue is less than 
the aggregate interest payable thereon provided that such Covered Bond shall cease to be a Long 
Maturity Covered Bond on the Interest Payment Date on which the aggregate amount of interest 
remaining to be paid after that date is less than the nominal amount of such Covered Bond. 
“LTVs” shall mean loan to value ratios. 
“Maturity Date” shall mean the scheduled maturity date of such Covered Bonds as set out in 
the applicable Final Terms or, as the case may be, the applicable Pricing Supplement. 
“MiFID II” shall mean Directive 2014/65/EU (as amended) of the European Parliament and of 
the Council on markets in financial instruments of 15 May 2014. 
“Ministry” shall mean the Norwegian Ministry of Finance.  
“Monitor” shall mean an independent Cover Pool monitor appointed by the relevant issuer 
under the Financial Institutions Act. 
“Moody’s” shall mean Moody’s Investor Services Limited.

--- Page 219 ---
0081160-0000146 UKO2: 2008138142.9 
219 
 
 
“Mortgage Loans” shall mean the following mortgage products which are offered: (i) Floating 
Interest Rate Home Equity Credit Line (rammekreditt); (ii) Floating Interest Rate Mortgage Loans; and 
(iii) Fixed Interest Rate Mortgage Loans that are subject to a fixed interest rate for a specified period of 
time (three, five or ten years). 
“Mortgages” shall mean the various types of mortgages which, pursuant to the Financial 
Institutions Act, may be the subject of security for loans that can be included in a Cover Pool. 
“NFSA” means the Financial Supervisory Authority of Norway (Nw. Finanstilsynet). 
“NGCB” and “New Global Covered Bond” shall mean those global Covered Bonds which are 
issued in new global Covered Bond form. 
“Norwegian Supplementary Regulations” shall mean any regulations laid down pursuant to 
the Financial Institutions Act. 
“NSFR” shall mean the Net Stable Funding Ratio. 
“OECD” shall mean the Organisation for Economic Co-operation and Development. 
“Official List” means the official list of Euronext Dublin. 
“Old Financial Institutions Act” shall mean the Norwegian Act on financing activity and 
financial institutions of 10 June 1988 No. 40. 
“Other Property Mortgages” shall mean mortgages over other real property to the extent not 
Residential Mortgages. 
“Overdraft Facility” shall mean the overdraft facility advanced by the Bank to the Issuer under 
the terms of the Service Agreement. 
“Paying Agent” shall mean Citibank, N.A. and any additional or successor paying agent(s) 
appointed in accordance with the terms of the Agency Agreement. 
“Paying Agents” shall mean the Paying Agent and the Fiscal Agent. 
“Payment Day” shall have the meaning given to it in Condition 4 (Payments) of the Terms and 
Conditions of the Covered Bonds. 
“Permanent Bearer Global Covered Bond” shall mean a permanent global Covered Bond.  
“PRIIPs Regulation” shall mean Regulation (EU) No. 1286/2014 (as amended). 
“Principal Swiss Paying Agent”, in respect of Swiss Domestic Covered Bonds, has the 
meaning given to it in the applicable Final Terms. 
“Proceedings” shall mean any suit, action or proceedings arising out of or in connection with 
the Agency Agreement, the Covered Bonds and/or the Coupons. 
“Programme” shall mean the €60,000,000,000 European Covered Bond (Premium) 
Programme of DNB Boligkreditt AS. 
“Programme Agreement” shall mean the Programme Agreement (as amended and restated 
on 20 June 2008, 19 June 2009, 17 June 2010, 17 June 2011, 8 June 2012, 1 July 2013, 27 June 2014, 
1 July 2015, 22 June 2017, 22 June 2018, 21 June 2019, 17 June 2020, 18 June 2021, 25 July 2022

--- Page 220 ---
0081160-0000146 UKO2: 2008138142.9 
220 
 
 
and 27 June 2024 and as further amended or supplemented from time to time) between the Issuer and 
Barclays Bank Ireland PLC and the other dealers named therein dated 25 June 2007. 
“Prospectus Regulation” shall mean Regulation (EU) 2017/1129. 
“Qualified Residential Mortgages” shall mean all Mortgage Loans purchased by the Issuer 
and included in a Cover Pool. 
“Record Date” shall have the meaning ascribed to it in Condition 4(c) (Presentation of Covered 
Bonds and Coupons) of the Terms and Conditions of the Covered Bonds. 
“Redeemed Covered Bonds” shall mean Covered Bonds (or, as the case may be, parts of 
Registered Covered Bonds) to be redeemed. 
“Reference Banks” means (i) in the case of a determination of EURIBOR, the principal Euro-
zone office of four major banks in the Euro-zone inter-bank market or (ii) in the case of a determination 
of a Reference Rate that is not EURIBOR, the principal office of four major banks in the inter-bank 
market of the Relevant Financial Centre, in each case selected by the Issuer. 
“Registered Covered Bonds” shall mean Covered Bonds issued in registered form without 
interest coupons. 
“Registrar” shall mean Citigroup Global Markets Europe AG or any successor registrar 
appointed in accordance with the Agency Agreement. 
“Regulated Market of Euronext Dublin” means the regulated market of Euronext Dublin.  
“Relevant Date” shall mean the date on which such payment first becomes due, except that, if 
the full amount of the moneys payable has not been duly received by the Fiscal Agent or the Registrar 
or, in the case of VP Systems Covered Bonds, the holders of the VP Systems Covered Bonds, as the 
case may be, on or prior to such due date, it means the date on which, the full amount of such moneys 
having been so received, notice to that effect is duly given to the Covered Bondholders in accordance 
with the Condition 13 (Notices). 
“Relevant State” shall mean each Member State of the European Economic Area and the UK. 
“Residential Mortgages” shall have the meaning ascribed to it in the Financial Institutions Act.  
“RWAs” shall mean risk-weighted assets. 
“SEC” shall mean the United States Securities and Exchange Commission.  
“Securities Act” shall mean the U.S. Securities Act of 1933, as amended. 
“Selection Date” shall have the meaning given to it in Condition 5 (Redemption and Purchase) 
of the Terms and Conditions of the Covered Bonds. 
“Series” shall mean a Tranche of Covered Bonds together with any further Tranche or Tranches 
of Covered Bonds which are (i) expressed to be consolidated and form a single series and (ii) identical 
in all respects (including as to listing) except for their respective Issue Dates, Interest Commencement 
Dates and/or Issue Prices. 
“Service Agreement” shall mean the service agreement (as amended or supplemented from 
time to time and which replaced the service agreement entered into on 16 February 2011) between the 
Bank and the Issuer entered into on 18 December 2015.

--- Page 221 ---
0081160-0000146 UKO2: 2008138142.9 
221 
 
 
“SIX Swiss Exchange” shall mean SIX Swiss Exchange AG. 
“Specified Currency” shall mean each of Euro, Sterling, U.S. dollars, Swiss Francs, Yen, 
Norwegian kroner, Danish kroner, Swedish kronor and, subject to any applicable legal or regulatory 
restrictions and any applicable reporting requirements, any other currency agreed between the Issuer 
and the relevant Dealer. 
“S&P” shall mean S&P Global Ratings Europe Limited, a division of The McGraw-Hill 
Companies Inc. 
“Statutory Extended Maturity Date” shall mean the date, as specified in the applicable Final 
Terms, to which the Issuer’s obligation to pay the amount outstanding on the Maturity Date is extended 
in the event the Issuer receives a Statutory Maturity Extension Approval. 
“Statutory Maturity Extension Approval” shall have the meaning given to it in Condition 5(i)(ii) 
(Redemption and Purchase - Extension of Maturity up to Statutory Extended Maturity Date) of the Terms 
and Conditions of the Covered Bonds. 
“Statutory Register” shall mean the register of the Covered Bonds and the Issuer Cover Pool 
maintained by the Issuer in accordance with the terms of the Financial Institutions Act and the Financial 
Institutions Regulation. 
“Swiss Domestic Covered Bonds” shall mean Bearer Covered Bonds which are denominated 
in Swiss Francs, unless otherwise specified in the applicable Final Terms. 
“Swiss Global Covered Bonds” shall mean Swiss Domestic Covered Bonds which are 
represented upon issue by a permanent global covered bond and are deposited with the Intermediary. 
“Swiss Paying Agent”, in respect of Swiss Domestic Covered Bonds, has the meaning given 
to it in the applicable Final Terms. 
“T2” shall mean the Trans-European Automated Real-Time Gross Settlement Express Transfer 
System or any successor or replacement for that system. 
 “Talons” shall mean talons for further Coupons. 
“Treasury Regulations” shall mean the Treasury regulations promulgated under the Code. 
“Temporary Bearer Global Covered Bond” shall mean the temporary global Covered Bond 
in bearer form which will initially represent the Bearer Covered Bonds of each Tranche. 
“Terms and Conditions of the Covered Bonds” shall mean in relation to the Covered Bonds, 
the terms and conditions to be endorsed on, attached to, or incorporated by reference into, the Covered 
Bonds, and any reference to a particular numbered Condition shall be construed in relation to the 
Covered Bonds accordingly. 
“Transfer Agents” shall mean Citibank, N.A. and any additional or successor transfer agent(s) 
appointed in accordance with the terms of the Agency Agreement. 
“Transfer Agreement” shall mean the transfer agreement (as amended or supplemented from 
time to time and which replaced the transfer agreement entered into on 16 February 2011) between the 
Bank and the Issuer entered into on 18 December 2015. 
“Transferred Mortgages” shall mean the Qualified Residential Mortgages being transferred.

--- Page 222 ---
0081160-0000146 UKO2: 2008138142.9 
222 
 
 
“Tranche” shall mean Covered Bonds which are identical in all respects (including as to listing). 
“United States person” shall mean a United States person for the U.S. federal income tax 
purposes. 
“VP” shall mean VP Securities Services (Værdipapircentralen A/S), the Danish central 
securities depository. 
“VPC” shall mean Nordic Central Securities Depository (NCSD Systems Aktiebolag), the 
Swedish central securities depository. 
“VPS” shall mean the Norwegian Central Securities Depository, the Verdipapirsentralen ASA 
(trading as Euronext Securities Oslo).  
“VPS Account Manager” shall mean DNB Bank ASA, Verdipapirservice. 
“VP Systems Account Manager” shall mean DNB Bank ASA, Verdipapirservice in its capacity 
as the VPS Account Manager and/or any other agent appointed by the Issuer from time to time in 
relation to the VP Systems Covered Bonds. 
“VP Systems Covered Bonds” shall mean Covered Bonds issued in uncertified book entry 
form cleared through VPS, VP, VPC or any other relevant clearing system. 
“VP Systems Letter” shall mean letter sent by the Issuer to the Fiscal Agent on the issue of 
VP Systems Covered Bonds which sets out the terms of relevant issue of VP Systems Covered Bonds 
in the form of Final Terms or Pricing Supplement, as the case may be, attached thereto. 
“Zero Coupon Covered Bonds” shall mean Covered Bonds which provide that no interest is 
payable.

--- Page 223 ---
0081160-0000146 UKO2: 2008138142.9 
223 
 
 
THE ISSUER 
DNB Boligkreditt AS 
Dronning Eufemias gate 30 
c/o DNB Bank ASA 
N-0191 Oslo 
Norway 
 
THE FISCAL AGENT 
Citibank, N.A. 
Citigroup Centre 
Canada Square 
Canary Wharf 
London E14 5LB 
United Kingdom 
 
TRANSFER AGENT 
REGISTRAR 
Citibank, N.A. 
Citigroup Global Markets 
Citigroup Centre 
Europe AG 
Canada Square 
Reuterweg 16 
Canary Wharf 
60323 Frankfurt 
London E14 5LB 
Germany 
United Kingdom 
 
 
LEGAL ADVISERS 
To the Issuer as to Norwegian law 
Ingrid de la Forest 
Attorney at law 
DNB Bank ASA 
Dronning Eufemias gate 30 
N-0191 Oslo 
Norway 
 
To the Dealers as to English law 
To the Dealers as to Norwegian law 
Allen Overy Shearman Sterling LLP 
Wikborg Rein Advokatfirma AS 
One Bishops Square 
London E1 6AD 
Dronning Mauds Gate 11 
PO Box 1513 Vika 
United Kingdom 
N-0117 Oslo 
 
Norway 
 
AUDITOR 
To the Issuer 
Ernst & Young AS 
Oslo Atrium Dronning Eufemias Gate 6 
NO-0051 Oslo 
Norway

--- Page 224 ---
0081160-0000146 UKO2: 2008138142.9 
224 
 
 
DEALERS 
 
Barclays Bank Ireland PLC 
One Molesworth Street 
Dublin 2, D02 RF29 
Ireland 
 
BNP Paribas 
Citigroup Global Markets Europe AG 
16, boulevard des Italiens 
Reuterweg 16 
75009 Paris 
60323 Frankfurt am Main 
France 
Germany 
 
Citigroup Global Markets Limited 
Commerzbank Aktiengesellschaft 
Citigroup Centre 
Kaiserstraße 16 (Kaiserplatz) 
Canada Square 
60311 Frankfurt am Main 
Canary Wharf 
Germany 
London E14 5LB 
 
United Kingdom 
 
 
Deutsche Bank Aktiengesellschaft 
DNB Bank ASA 
Taunusanlage 12 
Dronning Eufemias gate 30 
60325 Frankfurt am Main 
N-0191 Oslo 
Germany 
Norway 
 
Goldman Sachs International 
HSBC Continental Europe 
Plumtree Court 
38, Avenue Kléber 
25 Shoe Lane 
75116 Paris 
London EC4A 4AU 
United Kingdom 
France 
 
Landesbank Baden-Württemberg 
Nomura Financial Products Europe GmbH 
Am Hauptbahnhof 2 
Rathenauplatz 1 
70173 Stuttgart 
60313 Frankfurt-am-Main 
Germany 
Germany 
 
Norddeutsche Landesbank – Girozentrale – 
UBS Europe SE 
Friedrichswall 10 
Bockenheimer Landstraße 2-4 
30159 Hannover 
60306 Frankfurt am Main 
Germany 
Germany 
 
UniCredit Bank GmbH 
Arabellastrasse 12 
81925 Munich 
Germany 
 
 
 
Printed by Allen Overy Shearman Sterling LLP 
UKO2: 2008138142.9