--- Page 1 ---
BASE PROSPECTUS 
 
 
DOMETIC GROUP AB (PUBL) 
(incorporated in Sweden as a public company with limited liability under registration number 556829-4390) 
€1,500,000,000 
Euro Medium Term Note Programme 
Under the Euro Medium Term Note Programme described in this Base Prospectus (the "Programme"), Dometic Group AB (publ) (the "Issuer" or "Dometic"), subject to 
compliance with all relevant laws, regulations and directives, may from time to time issue Euro Medium Term Notes (the "Notes"). The aggregate nominal amount of Notes 
outstanding will not at any time exceed €1,500,000,000 (or the equivalent in other currencies). 
This Base Prospectus has been approved by the Central Bank of Ireland as competent authority under Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 (the "Prospectus Regulation"). The 
Central Bank of Ireland only approves this Base Prospectus as meeting the standards of completeness, comprehensibility and consistency imposed by the Prospectus 
Regulation. Such approval should not be considered as an endorsement of either the Issuer or the quality of the Notes that are the subject of this Base Prospectus and investors 
should make their own assessment as to the suitability of investing in the Notes. Such approval relates only to the Notes which are to be admitted to trading on a regulated 
market for the purposes of Directive 2014/65/EU (as amended or superseded, "EU MiFID II") or which are to be offered to the public in any Member State of the European 
Economic Area (the "EEA"). Application will be made to the Irish Stock Exchange Plc trading as Euronext Dublin (the "Euronext Dublin") for Notes issued under the 
Programme during the period of 12 months from the date of this Base Prospectus to be admitted to the official list (the "Official List") and trading on its regulated market 
(the "Regulated Market"). This prospectus constitutes a "Base Prospectus" for the purpose of the Prospectus Regulation. References in this Base Prospectus to the Notes 
being "listed" (and all related references) shall mean that the Notes have been admitted to the Official List and have been admitted to trading on the Regulated Market of 
Euronext Dublin. The relevant Final Terms in respect of the issue of any Notes will specify whether or not such Notes will be listed on the Official List and admitted to 
trading on the regulated market of Euronext Dublin. 
Notice of the aggregate nominal amount of Notes, interest (if any) payable in respect of Notes, the issue price of Notes and any other terms and conditions not contained 
herein which are applicable to each Tranche (as defined under "Terms and Conditions of the Notes" and collectively, the "Conditions") of Notes will be set forth in a Final 
Terms document ("Final Terms"). Each Final Terms, with respect to Notes to be listed on Euronext Dublin, will be delivered to the Central Bank of Ireland and Euronext 
Dublin. Each Series (as defined in "Overview of the Programme – Method of Issue") of Notes in bearer form will be represented on issue by a temporary global note in bearer 
form (each a "temporary Global Note") or a permanent global note in bearer form (each a "permanent Global Note" and, together with the temporary Global Note, the 
"Global Notes"). If the Global Notes are stated in the applicable Final Terms to be issued in new global note ("NGN") form, the Global Notes will be delivered on or prior 
to the original issue date of the relevant Tranche to a common safekeeper (the "Common Safekeeper") for Euroclear Bank SA/NV ("Euroclear") and Clearstream Banking 
S.A. ("Clearstream, Luxembourg"). Notes in registered form will be represented by registered certificates (each a "Certificate"), one Certificate being issued in respect of 
each Noteholder's entire holding of Registered Notes of one Series. Registered Notes issued in global form will be represented by registered global certificates ("Global 
Certificates"). If a Global Certificate is held under the New Safekeeping Structure (the "NSS") the Global Certificate will be delivered on or prior to the original issue date 
of the relevant Tranche to a Common Safekeeper for Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg. 
Global Notes which are not issued in NGN form ("Classic Global Notes" or "CGNs") and Global Certificates which are not held under the NSS will be deposited on the 
issue date of the relevant Tranche with a common depositary on behalf of Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg (the "Common Depositary"). The provisions governing 
the exchange of interests in Global Notes for other Global Notes and definitive Notes are described in "Summary of Provisions Relating to the Notes while in Global Form". 
Tranches of Notes may be rated or unrated. A rating is not a recommendation to buy, sell or hold securities and may be subject to suspension, reduction or withdrawal at any 
time by the assigning rating agency. Whether or not each credit rating applied for in relation to the relevant Series of Notes will be issued by a credit rating agency established 
in the European Union and registered under Regulation (EC) No 1060/2009, as amended (the "EU CRA Regulation") will be disclosed in the Final Terms. In general, 
European regulated investors are restricted from using a rating for regulatory purposes if such rating is not issued by a credit rating agency established in the European Union 
and registered under the EU CRA Regulation (or is endorsed and published or distributed by subscription by such a credit rating agency in accordance with the EU CRA 
Regulation). In general, Investors regulated in the UK are restricted from using a rating for regulatory purposes if such rating is not issued by a credit rating agency established 
in the UK and registered under the Regulation (EC) No.1060/2009 as it forms part of domestic law by virtue of the European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018 ("EUWA") (the 
"UK CRA Regulation") or (1) the rating is provided by a credit rating agency not established in the UK but is endorsed by a credit rating agency established in the UK and 
registered under the UK CRA Regulation or (2) the rating is provided by a credit rating agency not established in the UK which is certified under the UK CRA Regulation. 
A security rating is not a recommendation to buy, sell or hold securities and may be subject to suspension, revision or withdrawal at any time by the assigning rating agency. 
Amounts payable under some of the Notes may be calculated by reference to the Euro Interbank Offered Rate ("EURIBOR") or the Stockholm Interbank Offered Rate 
("STIBOR"), which are provided by the European Money Markets Institute ("EMMI") and the Swedish Financial Benchmark Facility AB ("SFB"), respectively. As at the 
date of this Base Prospectus, EMMI does appear on the register of administrators and benchmarks established and maintained by the European Securities and Markets 
Authority ("ESMA") pursuant to Article 36 of the Benchmark Regulation (Regulation (EU) 2016/1011) (as amended or supplemented, the "Benchmark Regulation"). As 
at the date of this Base Prospectus, the SFB do not appear on the register of administrators and benchmarks established and maintained by ESMA pursuant to Article 36 of 
the Benchmark Regulation. Prospective investors should have regard to the factors described under the section headed "Risk Factors" in this Base Prospectus. On 27 December 
2021, the SFB filed its application with the Swedish Financial Supervisory Authority (the "SFSA") to operate as an authorised administrator pursuant to Article 34 of the 
Benchmark Regulation. The transitional provisions of the Benchmark Regulation apply while the application is being evaluated by the SFSA.  
This Prospectus will be valid as a base prospectus under the Prospectus Regulation for 12 months from its date. The obligation to supplement this Prospectus in the event of 
significant new factors, material mistakes or material inaccuracies will not apply following the expiry of that period. 
Dealers 
BNP Paribas 
Deutsche Bank 
Nordea Bank Abp 
SEB 
Arranger for the Programme 
Nordea Bank Abp 
 
The date of this Base Prospectus is 15 June 2023.

--- Page 2 ---
10259586815-v13 
- i - 
70-41054509 
 
This Base Prospectus comprises a base prospectus for the purposes of the Prospectus Regulation. 
The Issuer (the "Responsible Person") accepts responsibility for the information contained in this Base 
Prospectus. To the best of the knowledge of the Issuer the information contained in this Base Prospectus is 
in accordance with the facts and makes no omission likely to affect the import of such information. 
This Base Prospectus is to be read in conjunction with all documents which are incorporated herein by 
reference (see "Documents Incorporated by Reference"). 
No person has been authorised to give any information or to make any representation other than 
those contained in this Base Prospectus or in connection with the issue or sale of the Notes and, if 
given or made, such information or representation must not be relied upon as having been authorised 
by the Issuer, the Trustee, any of the Agents or any of the Dealers or the Arranger (as defined in 
"Overview of the Programme"). Neither the delivery of this Base Prospectus nor any sale made in 
connection herewith shall, under any circumstances, create any implication that there has been no 
change in the affairs of the Issuer since the date hereof or the date upon which this Base Prospectus 
has been most recently amended or supplemented or that there has been no adverse change in the 
financial position of the Issuer since the date hereof or the date upon which this Base Prospectus has 
been most recently amended or supplemented or that any other information supplied in connection 
with the Programme is correct as of any time subsequent to the date on which it is supplied or, if 
different, the date indicated in the document containing the same. 
Neither the Dealers nor any of their respective affiliates have authorised the whole or any part of this 
Base Prospectus and none of them makes any representation or warranty or accepts any 
responsibility as to the accuracy or completeness of the information contained in this Base Prospectus 
or any responsibility for any acts or omissions of the Issuer or any other person (other than the 
relevant Dealer) in connection with any issue and offering of the Notes under the Programme. 
In the case of any Notes which are to be admitted to trading on a regulated market within the 
European Economic Area or a Member State of the European Economic Area in circumstances 
which require the publication of a prospectus under the Prospectus Regulation, the minimum 
specified denomination shall be €100,000 (or its equivalent in any other currency as at the date of 
issue of the Notes). Subject thereto, Notes will be issued in such denominations as may be specified in 
the relevant Final Terms, subject to compliance with all applicable legal and/or regulatory 
requirements. 
The distribution of this Base Prospectus and the offering or sale of the Notes in certain jurisdictions 
may be restricted by law. Persons into whose possession this Base Prospectus comes are required by 
the Issuer, the Dealers and the Arranger to inform themselves about and to observe any such 
restriction. 
The Notes have not been and will not be registered under the United States Securities Act of 1933, as 
amended (the "Securities Act") or with any securities regulatory authority of any state or other 
jurisdiction of the United States and Notes in bearer form are subject to U.S. tax law requirements. 
Subject to certain exceptions, Notes may not be offered, sold or (in the case of Notes in bearer form) 
delivered within the United States or to U.S. persons (as defined in Regulation S under the Securities 
Act ("Regulation S")). For a description of certain restrictions on offers and sales of Notes and on 
distribution of this Base Prospectus, see "Subscription and Sale". 
This Base Prospectus does not constitute an offer of, or an invitation by or on behalf of the Issuer or 
the Dealers to subscribe for, or purchase, any Notes. 
EU MIFID II product governance / target market – The Final Terms in respect of any Notes will 
include a legend entitled "EU MiFID II Product Governance" which will outline the target market 
assessment in respect of the Notes and which channels for distribution of the Notes are appropriate. 
Any person subsequently offering, selling or recommending the Notes (a "distributor") should take 
into consideration the target market assessment; however, a distributor subject to Directive 
2014/65/EU (as amended, "EU MiFID II") is responsible for undertaking its own target market 
assessment in respect of the Notes (by either adopting or refining the target market assessment) and 
determining appropriate distribution channels.

--- Page 3 ---
10259586815-v13 
- ii - 
70-41054509 
 
A determination will be made in relation to each issue about whether, for the purpose of the EU 
MiFID Product Governance rules under EU Delegated Directive 2017/593 (the "EU MiFID Product 
Governance Rules"), any Dealer subscribing for any Notes is a manufacturer in respect of such Notes, 
but otherwise neither the Arranger nor the Dealers nor any of their respective affiliates will be a 
manufacturer for the purpose of the EU MIFID Product Governance Rules.  
UK MIFIR PRODUCT GOVERNANCE / PROFESSIONAL INVESTORS AND ECPS ONLY 
TARGET MARKET – The Final Terms in respect of any Notes will include a legend entitled "UK 
MiFIR Product Governance" which will outline the target market assessment in respect of the Notes 
and which channels for distribution of the Notes are appropriate. Any distributor should take into 
consideration the target market assessment; however, a distributor subject to the FCA Handbook 
Product Intervention and Product Governance Sourcebook (the "UK MiFIR Product Governance 
Rules") is responsible for undertaking its own target market assessment in respect of the Notes (by 
either adopting or refining the target market assessment) and determining appropriate distribution 
channels. 
A determination will be made in relation to each issue about whether, for the purpose of the UK 
MiFIR Product Governance Rules, any Dealer subscribing for any Notes is a manufacturer in respect 
of such Notes, but otherwise neither the Arranger nor the Dealers nor any of their respective affiliates 
will be a manufacturer for the purpose of the UK MiFIR Product Governance Rules. 
IMPORTANT – PROHIBITION OF SALES TO EEA RETAIL INVESTORS – If the Final Terms 
in respect of any Notes includes a legend entitled "Prohibition of Sales to EEA Retail Investors", the 
Notes are not intended to be offered, sold or otherwise made available to and should not be offered, 
sold or otherwise made available to any retail investor in the EEA. For these purposes, a retail 
investor means a person who is one (or more) of: (i) a retail client as defined in point (11) of Article 
4(1) of EU MiFID II; or (ii) a customer within the meaning of Directive (EU) 2016/97 (the "Insurance 
Distribution Directive") where that customer would not qualify as a professional client as defined in 
point (10) of Article 4(1) of EU MiFID II. Consequently, no key information document required by 
Regulation (EU) No 1286/2014 (as amended the "PRIIPs Regulation") for offering or selling the 
Notes or otherwise making them available to retail investors in the EEA has been prepared and 
therefore offering or selling the Notes or otherwise making them available to any retail investor in 
the EEA may be unlawful under the PRIIPs Regulation. 
PROHIBITION OF SALES TO UK RETAIL INVESTORS – If the Final Terms in respect of any 
Notes includes a legend entitled "Prohibition of Sales to UK Retail Investors", the Notes are not 
intended to be offered, sold or otherwise made available to and should not be offered, sold or 
otherwise made available to any retail investor in the UK. For these purposes, a retail investor means 
a person who is one (or more) of: (i) a retail client as defined in point (8) of Article 2 of Regulation 
(EU) No 2017/565 as it forms part of domestic law by virtue of the EUWA; or (ii) a customer within 
the meaning of the provisions of the Financial Services and Markets Act 2000 (the "FSMA") and any 
rules or regulations made under the FSMA to implement Directive (EU) 2016/97, where that 
customer would not qualify as a professional client, as defined in point (8) of Article 2(1) of Regulation 
(EU) No 600/2014 as it forms part of domestic law by virtue of the EUWA. Consequently, no key 
information document required by the PRIIPs Regulation as it forms part of domestic law by virtue 
of the EUWA (the "UK PRIIPs Regulation") for offering or selling the Notes or otherwise making 
them available to retail investors in the UK has been prepared and therefore offering or selling the 
Notes or otherwise making them available to any retail investor in the UK may be unlawful under 
the UK PRIIPs Regulation. 
To the fullest extent permitted by law, none of the Dealers, the Arranger, the Agents or the Trustee 
accept any responsibility for the contents of this Base Prospectus or for any other statement, made 
or purported to be made by the Arranger, a Dealer, the Agents or the Trustee or on its behalf in 
connection with the Issuer on the issue and offering of the Notes. The Arranger, each Dealer, the 
Agents and the Trustee accordingly disclaim all and any liability whether arising in tort or contract 
or otherwise (save as referred to above) which it might otherwise have in respect of this Base 
Prospectus or any such statement. Neither this Base Prospectus nor any other financial statements 
are intended to provide the basis of any credit or other evaluation and should not be considered as a 
recommendation by any of the Issuer, the Arranger, the Dealers, the Agents or the Trustee that any 
recipient of this Base Prospectus or any other financial statements should purchase the Notes. Each 
potential purchaser of Notes should determine for itself the relevance of the information contained

--- Page 4 ---
10259586815-v13 
- iii - 
70-41054509 
 
in this Base Prospectus and its purchase of Notes should be based upon such investigation as it deems 
necessary. None of the Dealers, the Arranger, the Agents or the Trustee undertakes to review the 
financial condition or affairs of the Issuer during the life of the arrangements contemplated by this 
Base Prospectus nor to advise any investor or potential investor in the Notes of any information 
coming to the attention of any of the Dealers, the Arranger, the Agents or the Trustee. 
In connection with the issue of any Tranche (as defined in "Overview of the Programme – Method of 
Issue"), the Dealer or Dealers (if any) named as the stabilisation manager(s) (the "Stabilisation 
Manager(s)") (or any person acting on behalf of any Stabilisation Manager(s)) in the applicable Final 
Terms may over-allot Notes or effect transactions with a view to supporting the market price of the 
Notes at a level higher than that which might otherwise prevail. However, stabilisation may not occur. 
Any stabilisation action may begin on or after the date on which adequate public disclosure of the 
terms of the offer of the relevant Tranche is made and, if begun, may cease at any time, but it must 
end no later than the earlier of 30 days after the issue date of the relevant Tranche and 60 days after 
the date of the allotment of the relevant Tranche. Any stabilisation action or over-allotment must be 
conducted by the relevant Stabilisation Manager(s) (or any person acting on behalf of any 
Stabilisation Manager(s)) in accordance with all applicable laws and rules. 
In this Base Prospectus, unless otherwise specified or the context otherwise requires, references to 
"EUR", "€" and "euro" are to the currency introduced at the start of the third stage of the European 
Economic and monetary union, and as defined in Article 2 of the Council Regulation (EC) No. 974/98 
of 3 May 1998 on the introduction of the euro, as amended, to "£" and "Sterling" are to pounds 
sterling, to "SEK" are to the currency of the Kingdom of Sweden and to "U.S.$", "$" and "U.S. 
dollars" are to United States dollars. 
This Base Prospectus contains certain forward-looking statements. The words "anticipate", 
"believe", "expect", "plan", "intend", "targets", "aims", "estimate", "project", "will", "would", 
"may", "could", "continue" and similar expressions are intended to identify forward-looking 
statements. All statements other than statements of historical fact included in this Base Prospectus, 
including, without limitation, those regarding the financial position, business strategy, management 
plans and objectives for future operations of Dometic are forward-looking statements. These 
forward-looking statements involve known and unknown risks, uncertainties and other factors, 
which may cause Dometic's actual results, performance or achievements, or industry results, to be 
materially different from those expressed or implied by these forward-looking statements. These 
forward-looking statements are based on numerous assumptions regarding the Dometic's present 
and future business strategies and the environment in which it expects to operate in the future. 
Important factors that could cause their actual results, performance or achievements to differ 
materially from those in the forward-looking statements include, among other factors described in 
this Base Prospectus: 
• 
changes in international, national and local economic, political, business, industry and tax 
conditions; 
• 
changes in underlying consumer behaviour; 
• 
the ability of Dometic to renew contracts with key customers; 
• 
changes in technology; 
• 
changes in regulation; 
• 
the ability to generate the funds needed to service Dometic's debt; 
• 
the effects of operating and financial restrictions in Dometic's debt instruments and other factors 
affecting Dometic's leverage; 
• 
the ability of Dometic to successfully develop and expand the range of products offered; 
• 
the ability of Dometic to retain or replace key personnel; and 
• 
changes in Dometic's business strategy, development and investment plans.

--- Page 5 ---
10259586815-v13 
- iv - 
70-41054509 
 
Additional factors that could cause actual results, performance or achievements to differ materially 
include, but are not limited to, those discussed under "Risk Factors". Any forward-looking 
statements made by or on behalf of Dometic speak only as at the date they are made. The Issuer does 
not undertake to update forward-looking statements to reflect any changes in their expectations with 
regard thereto or any changes in events, conditions or circumstances on which any such statement is 
based. 
Certain figures included in this Base Prospectus have been subject to rounding adjustments; accordingly, 
figures shown for the same category presented in different tables may vary slightly and figures shown as 
totals in certain tables may not be an arithmetic aggregation of the figures which precede them. 
The Notes are complex financial instruments and such instruments may be purchased by investors as a way 
to reduce risk or enhance yield with an understood, measured, appropriate addition of risk to their overall 
portfolios. Each potential investor in the Notes must determine the suitability of that investment in light of 
its own circumstances. In particular, each potential investor should: 
(a) 
have sufficient knowledge and experience to make a meaningful evaluation of the Notes, the merits 
and risks of investing in the Notes and the information contained in this Base Prospectus or any 
applicable supplement; 
(b) 
have access to, and knowledge of, appropriate analytical tools to evaluate, in the context of its 
particular financial situation, an investment in the Notes and the impact the Notes will have on its 
overall investment portfolio; 
(c) 
have sufficient financial resources and liquidity to bear all of the risks of an investment in the Notes, 
including where the currency for principal and interest payments is different from the potential 
investor's currency; 
(d) 
understand thoroughly the terms of the Notes and be familiar with the behaviour of any relevant 
financial markets; and 
(e) 
be able to evaluate (either alone or with the help of a financial adviser) possible scenarios for 
economic, interest rate and other factors that may affect its investment and its ability to bear the 
applicable risks. 
PROSPECTUS SUPPLEMENT - If at any time the Issuer shall be required to prepare a prospectus 
supplement pursuant to Article 23 of the Prospectus Regulation, the Issuer will prepare and make available 
an appropriate amendment or supplement to this Base Prospectus which, in respect of any subsequent issue 
of Notes to be listed on the Official List and admitted to trading on the Regulated Market, shall constitute 
a prospectus supplement as required by Article 23 of the Prospectus Regulation.

--- Page 6 ---
10259586815-v13 
- v - 
70-41054509 
 
DOCUMENTS INCORPORATED BY REFERENCE 
The following documents have been filed with the Central Bank of Ireland and Euronext Dublin and shall 
be deemed to be incorporated in, and to form part of, this Base Prospectus: 
1. 
the audited annual consolidated financial statements of the Issuer in respect of the year ended 31 
December 2022 (the "2022 Financial Statements") and the audit report from 
PricewaterhouseCoopers AB in respect of the 2022 Financial Statements, as set out on 81–86 
(inclusive) and 91–131 (inclusive) of the Issuer's annual report for 2022:  
https://www.dometicgroup.com/globalassets/4-dometicgroup/investors/financial-
reports/2022/dometic-annual-report-2022-en16_9.pdf?ref=9A8D663788  
2. 
the audited annual consolidated financial statements of the Issuer in respect of the year ended 31 
December 2021 (the "2021 Financial Statements") and the audit report from 
PricewaterhouseCoopers AB in respect of the 2020 Financial Statements, as set out on 80–85 
(inclusive) and 90–126 (inclusive) of the Issuer's annual report for 2021:  
https://www.dometicgroup.com/globalassets/4-dometicgroup/investors/financial-
reports/2021/dometic-annual-report-2021-en.pdf?ref=8D343B8BDE  
3. 
the unaudited interim consolidated financial statements of the Issuer in respect of the three-month 
period ended 31 March 2023 (the "2023 Interim Financial Statements") as set out on pages 8–
18 (inclusive) of the Issuer's interim report for the first three months of 2023:  
https://www.dometicgroup.com/globalassets/4-dometicgroup/investors/financial-
reports/2023/dometic-q12023-report-eng.pdf?ref=4B144DA9D8   
4. 
the terms and conditions set forth in the Base Prospectus dated 8 June 2021 ("the 2021 
Conditions") in relation to the Programme as set out on pages 25 – 60 (inclusive):  
https://ise-prodnr-eu-west-1-data-integration.s3-eu-west-1.amazonaws.com/202106/e05f8d7c-
a96e-4926-8748-8db69a87926f.PDF  
5. 
the terms and conditions set forth in the Base Prospectus dated 16 May 2018 ("the 2018 
Conditions") in relation to the Programme as set out on pages 23 – 56 (inclusive):  
https://ise-prodnr-eu-west-1-data-integration.s3-eu-west-
1.amazonaws.com/legacy/FBProspectus_ea8f1b82-17e0-4eb3-96e4-24d099190184.pdf  
save, that any statement contained in a document which is incorporated by reference herein shall be 
modified or superseded for the purpose of this Base Prospectus to the extent that a statement contained 
herein modifies or supersedes such earlier statement (whether expressly, by implication or otherwise). Any 
statement so modified or superseded shall not, except as so modified or superseded, constitute a part of this 
Base Prospectus. 
Copies of the documents specified above as containing information incorporated by reference in this Base 
Prospectus may be inspected, free of charge, from the Issuer's website at www.dometicgroup.com. For the 
avoidance of doubt, any information incorporated by reference in the information incorporated by reference 
from 1 to 3 above shall not be incorporated in or to form part of, this Base Prospectus. Non-incorporated 
parts are either not relevant for an investor or are covered elsewhere in this Base Prospectus. 
The 2021 Financial Statements and the 2022 Financial Statements were prepared in accordance with 
International Financial Reporting Standards ("IFRS") as endorsed in the Union based on Regulation (EC) 
No 1606/2002.

--- Page 7 ---
10259586815-v13 
 
70-41054509 
 
CONTENTS 
 
Page 
OVERVIEW OF THE PROGRAMME ................................................................................................... 1 
RISK FACTORS .................................................................................................................................... 5 
TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THE NOTES ................................................................................... 24 
SUMMARY OF PROVISIONS RELATING TO THE NOTES WHILE IN GLOBAL FORM .............. 58 
USE OF PROCEEDS ........................................................................................................................... 63 
DESCRIPTION OF THE GROUP ........................................................................................................ 64 
TAXATION ......................................................................................................................................... 88 
SUBSCRIPTION AND SALE .............................................................................................................. 90 
FORM OF FINAL TERMS .................................................................................................................. 93 
GENERAL INFORMATION ............................................................................................................. 105

--- Page 8 ---
- 1 - 
OVERVIEW OF THE PROGRAMME 
The following overview is qualified in its entirety by the more detailed information contained elsewhere in 
this Base Prospectus. Capitalised terms used herein and not otherwise defined have the respective 
meanings given to them in the "Terms and Conditions of the Notes".   
Issuer: 
Dometic Group AB (publ) 
Issuer Legal Entity Identifier 
(LEI): 
549300STIPMK5VSA7Y59 
Description: 
Euro Medium Term Note Programme 
Size: 
Up to €1,500,000,000 (or the equivalent in other currencies at the 
date of issue) aggregate nominal amount of Notes outstanding at any 
one time. 
Arranger: 
Nordea Bank Abp 
Dealers: 
BNP Paribas 
Deutsche Bank Aktiengesellschaft 
Nordea Bank Abp 
Skandinaviska Enskilda Banken AB (publ) 
The Issuer may from time to time terminate the appointment of any 
dealer under the Programme or appoint additional dealers either in 
respect of one or more Tranches or in respect of the whole 
Programme. References in this Base Prospectus to "Permanent 
Dealers" are to the persons listed above as Dealers and to such 
additional persons that are appointed as dealers in respect of the 
whole Programme (and whose appointment has not been terminated) 
and references to "Dealers" are to all Permanent Dealers and all 
persons appointed as a dealer in respect of one or more Tranches. 
Trustee: 
Deutsche Trustee Company Limited 
Issuing and Paying Agent: 
Deutsche Bank AG, London Branch 
Registrar and Transfer Agent: 
Deutsche Bank Luxembourg S.A. 
Method of Issue: 
The Notes will be issued on a syndicated or non-syndicated basis. 
The Notes will be issued in series (each a "Series") having one or 
more issue dates and on terms otherwise identical (or identical other 
than in respect of the first payment of interest), the Notes of each 
Series being intended to be interchangeable with all other Notes of 
that Series. Each Series may be issued in tranches (each a 
"Tranche") on the same or different issue dates. The specific terms 
of each Tranche (which will be completed, where necessary, with 
the relevant terms and conditions and, save in respect of the issue 
date, issue price, first payment of interest and nominal amount of the 
Tranche, will be identical to the terms of other Tranches of the same 
Series) will be completed in the final terms (the "Final Terms"). 
Issue Price: 
Notes may be issued at their nominal amount or at a discount or 
premium to their nominal amount. 
Form of Notes: 
The Notes may be issued in bearer form ("Bearer Notes") or in 
registered form ("Registered Notes") only. Each Tranche of Bearer 
Notes will be represented on issue by a temporary Global Note if (i)

--- Page 9 ---
- 2 - 
definitive Notes are to be made available to Noteholders following 
the expiry of 40 days after their issue date or (ii) such Notes have an 
initial maturity of more than one year and are being issued in 
compliance with TEFRA D (as defined in "– Selling Restrictions" 
below), otherwise such Tranche will be represented by a permanent 
Global Note. Registered Notes will be represented by Certificates, 
one Certificate being issued in respect of each Noteholder's entire 
holding of Registered Notes of one Series. Certificates representing 
Registered Notes that are registered in the name of a nominee for 
one or more clearing systems are referred to as "Global 
Certificates". 
Clearing Systems: 
Clearstream, Luxembourg, Euroclear and, in relation to any 
Tranche, such other clearing system as may be agreed between the 
Issuer, the Issuing and Paying Agent, the Trustee and the relevant 
Dealer. 
Initial Delivery of Notes: 
On or before the issue date for each Tranche, if the relevant Global 
Note is a NGN or the relevant Global Certificate is held under the 
NSS, the Global Note or Global Certificate will be delivered to a 
Common Safekeeper for Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg. 
On or before the issue date for each Tranche, if the relevant Global 
Note is a CGN or the relevant Global Certificate is not held under 
the NSS, the Global Note representing Bearer Notes or the Global 
Certificate representing Registered Notes may be deposited with a 
common depositary for Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg. 
Global Notes or Global Certificates may also be deposited with any 
other clearing system or may be delivered outside any clearing 
system provided that the method of such delivery has been agreed 
in advance by the Issuer, the Issuing and Paying Agent, the Trustee 
and the relevant Dealer. Registered Notes that are to be credited to 
one or more clearing systems on issue will be registered in the name 
of nominees or a common nominee for such clearing systems. 
Currencies: 
Subject to compliance with all relevant laws, regulations and 
directives, Notes may be issued in any currency agreed between the 
Issuer and the relevant Dealers. 
Maturities: 
The Notes will have such maturities as may be agreed between the 
relevant Issuer and the relevant Dealer, subject to such minimum or 
maximum maturities as may be allowed or required from time to 
time by the relevant central bank (or equivalent body) or any laws 
or regulations applicable to the relevant Issuer or the relevant 
Specified Currency. 
Specified Denomination: 
Definitive Notes will be in such denominations as may be specified 
in the relevant Final Terms save that (i) in the case of any Notes 
which are to be admitted to trading on a regulated market within the 
EEA or offered to the public in an EEA State in circumstances which 
require the publication of a prospectus under the Prospectus 
Regulation, the minimum specified denomination shall be €100,000 
(or its equivalent in any other currency as at the date of issue of the 
Notes); and (ii) unless otherwise permitted by then current laws and 
regulations, Notes (including Notes denominated in sterling) which 
have a maturity of less than one year and in respect of which the 
issue proceeds are to be accepted by the Issuer in the UK or whose 
issue otherwise constitutes a contravention of section 19 of the 
FSMA will have a minimum denomination of £100,000 (or its 
equivalent in other currencies).

--- Page 10 ---
- 3 - 
Fixed Rate Notes: 
Fixed interest will be payable in arrear on the date or dates in each 
year specified in the relevant Final Terms. 
Floating Rate Notes: 
Floating Rate Notes will bear interest determined separately for each 
Series on the basis of the reference rate set out in the applicable Final 
Terms. 
Interest periods will be specified in the relevant Final Terms. 
Zero Coupon Notes: 
Zero Coupon Notes (as defined in "Terms and Conditions of the 
Notes") may be issued at their nominal amount or at a discount to it 
and will not bear interest. 
Interest Periods and Interest 
Rates: 
The length of the interest periods for the Notes and the applicable 
interest rate or its method of calculation may differ from time to time 
or be constant for any Series. Notes may have a maximum interest 
rate, a minimum interest rate, or both. The use of interest accrual 
periods permits the Notes to bear interest at different rates in the 
same interest period. All such information will be set out in the 
relevant Final Terms. 
Benchmark Discontinuation: 
In relation to Floating Rate Notes referencing a benchmark, if a 
Benchmark Event occurs in relation to an Original Reference Rate 
when any Rate of Interest (or any component part thereof) remains 
to be determined by reference to such Original Reference Rate, then 
the Issuer shall use its reasonable endeavours to appoint and consult 
with an Independent Adviser, as soon as reasonably practicable, to 
advise the Issuer in determining a Successor Rate, failing which an 
Alternative Rate and, in either case, an Adjustment Spread, and any 
Benchmark Amendments as described in Condition 6(i). 
For the avoidance of doubt, this is additional to existing fallbacks 
relating to Floating Rate Notes as described in Condition 6(b). 
Redemption: 
Unless permitted by then current laws and regulations, Notes 
(including Notes denominated in sterling) which have a maturity of 
less than one year and in respect of which the issue proceeds are to 
be accepted by the Issuer in the UK or whose issue otherwise 
constitutes a contravention of section 19 of the FSMA must have a 
minimum redemption amount of £100,000 (or its equivalent in other 
currencies). 
Optional Redemption: 
The Final Terms issued in respect of each issue of Notes will state 
whether such Notes may be redeemed prior to their stated maturity 
at the option of the Issuer (either in whole or in part) and/or the 
holders, and if so the terms applicable to such redemption. 
Status of Notes: 
The Notes will constitute unsubordinated and unsecured obligations 
of the Issuer all as described in Condition 3 (Status). 
Negative Pledge: 
The terms of the Notes will contain a negative pledge provision as 
further described in Condition 4 (Negative Pledge). 
Cross Default: 
The terms of the Notes will contain a cross default provision as 
further described in Condition 11 (Event of Default). 
Ratings: 
Tranches of Notes will be rated or unrated. Where a Tranche of 
Notes is to be rated, such rating will be specified in the relevant Final 
Terms. 
 
Whether or not a rating in relation to any Tranche of Notes will be 
treated as having been issued by a credit rating agency established

--- Page 11 ---
- 4 - 
in the European Union and registered the EU CRA Regulation will 
be disclosed in the relevant Final Terms. 
 
A rating is not a recommendation to buy, sell or hold securities and 
may be subject to suspension, reduction or withdrawal at any time 
by the assigning rating agency. 
Early Redemption: 
Except as provided in "– Optional Redemption" above, Notes will 
be redeemable at the option of the Issuer prior to maturity only for 
tax reasons. See Condition 7 (Redemption, Purchase and Options). 
Withholding Tax: 
All payments of principal and interest in respect of the Notes will be 
made free and clear of withholding taxes of Sweden unless the 
withholding is required by law. In such event, the Issuer shall, 
subject to customary exceptions, pay such additional amounts as 
shall result in receipt by the Noteholder of such amounts as would 
have been received by it had no such withholding been required, all 
as described in Condition 9 (Taxation). 
Governing Law: 
English. 
Listing and Admission to 
Trading: 
Application has been made to list Notes issued under the Programme 
on the Official List and to admit them to trading on the regulated 
market of Euronext Dublin or as otherwise specified in the relevant 
Final Terms and references to listing shall be construed accordingly. 
As specified in the relevant Final Terms, a Series of Notes may be 
unlisted.   
Selling Restrictions: 
There are restrictions on the offer, sale and transfer of the Notes in 
the United States, the EEA, the UK and Japan. See "Subscription 
and Sale". 
 
The Issuer is Category 2 for the purposes of Regulation S under the 
Securities Act, as amended. 
 
The Notes will be issued in compliance with U.S. Treas. Reg. 
§1.163-5(c)(2)(i)(D) (or any successor rules in substantially the 
same form as such rules for purposes of Section 4701 of the U.S. 
Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended (the "Code")) 
("TEFRA D") unless (i) the relevant Final Terms states that Notes 
are issued in compliance with U.S. Treas. Reg. §1.163-5(c)(2)(i)(C) 
(or any successor rules in substantially the same form as such rules 
for purposes of Section 4701 of the Code) ("TEFRA C") or (ii) the 
Notes are issued other than in compliance with TEFRA D or TEFRA 
C but in circumstances in which the Notes will not constitute 
"registration required obligations" under the United States Tax 
Equity and Fiscal Responsibility Act of 1982 ("TEFRA"), which 
circumstances will be referred to in the relevant Final Terms as a 
transaction to which TEFRA is not applicable.

--- Page 12 ---
- 5 - 
RISK FACTORS  
The Issuer believes that the following factors may affect its ability to fulfil its obligations under the Notes 
issued under the Programme. All of these factors are contingencies which may or may not occur. 
Factors which the Issuer believes are material for the purpose of assessing the market risks associated with 
Notes issued under the Programme are also described below. 
The Issuer believes that the factors described below represent the principal risks inherent in investing in 
Notes issued under the Programme, but the Issuer may be unable to pay interest, principal or other amounts 
on or in connection with any Notes for other reasons and the Issuer does not represent that the statements 
below regarding the risks of holding any Notes are exhaustive. Prospective investors should also read the 
detailed information set out elsewhere in this Base Prospectus (including any documents incorporated by 
reference herein) and reach their own views prior to making any investment decision. 
1. FACTORS THAT MAY AFFECT THE ISSUER'S ABILITY TO FULFIL ITS OBLIGATIONS 
UNDER OR IN CONNECTION WITH NOTES ISSUED UNDER THE PROGRAMME  
Industry and Business-Related Risks  
The demand for the Group's products is dependent on macroeconomic conditions, consumer spending 
and sentiment towards the products 
The Group's business is primarily focused on providing products that are used in leisure vehicles 
(Recreational Vehicles ("RVs") and pleasure boats), trucks and premium cars, or used in connection with 
other leisure activities. Consumer purchases of these products tend to decline during economic downturns 
when disposable income is lower. Since the 1970s, major declines in the global financial markets or any 
challenging conditions in the macroeconomic environment have negatively impacted consumer spending 
and the Group believes this has adversely affected the sales of its products during such periods. Some of 
the Group's markets are particularly susceptible to general economic conditions because sales of RVs and 
pleasure boats depend on discretionary consumer spending.  
In addition to this, geopolitical events, including the impact of the war in Ukraine on the Group, which may 
impact customer demand for the Group's products, as well as economies and financial markets in which the 
Group operates. For the year ended 31 December 2022 total net sales in Ukraine, Russia and Belarus 
amounted to SEK 19 million (0.06 per cent. of the Group's total net sales). As a result of the war in Ukraine, 
the Group ceased all business activities in Ukraine, Russia and Belarus in March 2022 and recorded a 
decrease of SEK 22 million in operating profit (EBITA) before amortisation of acquisition-related 
intangible assets and items affecting comparability in the three months ended 31 March 2022 due to the 
write down of assets. 
Accordingly, the Group is particularly vulnerable to economic downturns or other adverse events that have 
a negative effect on consumer confidence in any of the markets in which it operates (whether as a result of 
actual or perceived economic slowdowns), especially those which have a negative effect on the American 
and European economies, as Group sales in the US, Canada and Europe accounted for, in aggregate, 88 per 
cent. of the Group's total net sales for the year ended 31 December 2022 and 86 per cent. for the three 
months ended 31 March 2023 as compared to 89 per cent. for the year ended 31 December 2021 and 89 per 
cent. for the three months ended 31 March 2022. Accordingly, an economic downturn or geopolitical events 
affecting any of the Group's key markets could have a material adverse effect on the Group's business, 
financial condition and results of operations. 
Inflation and Interest Rate risks 
Economies across Europe and globally are currently experiencing significant inflationary pressures. This 
has been exacerbated by the sanctions put in place as a response to the ongoing war in Ukraine, which has 
further increased energy and fuel prices. Such inflationary pressures are expected to continue and may 
increase in the medium term. In response to rising inflation, interest rates have increased. The Group's main 
current cost item is interest costs. Interest rate risk is the risk of the Group's financing costs increasing due 
to changes in the market interest rate. The Group runs stress test analysis to monitor interest rate risk.

--- Page 13 ---
- 6 - 
Nevertheless, a significant increase in interest rates would increase, and has increased, the cost of funding 
of the Group and has had an adverse effect on the Group's operations, results and financial position.  
Rising inflation may have a direct and indirect impact on customers' ability to purchase and consequently 
on demand for the Group's products. In addition, inflationary pressures may negatively affect the cost of 
project developments and operating costs, or acquisitions. 
The market for the Group's products is competitive and competitors may be better equipped for 
competing in the market 
The Group operates in many niche markets with different competitors in each business area and region 
respectively. The Group faces price competition as well as competition in respect of, amongst others, 
product development, design, quality and service offering. The Group's competitors may be able to succeed 
in marketing, product development or other innovation, which may result in increased competitive 
pressures for some of the Group's operations. Several of the Group's competitors focus only on a small 
range of products and therefore may outpace the Group in developing new or advanced products in their 
specialised product areas. There is a risk that the Group will need to make costly investments, restructurings 
or price cuts in order to adapt to a new competitive situation (for example if a competitor enters one of the 
Group's niche markets with a better product or can produce products at a lower price) which could 
negatively impact the Group's current margins. 
If the Group fails to continue to innovate and provide customers with products to meet their expectations, 
the Group's competitiveness in the marketplace may be materially adversely affected. If the Group is unable 
to anticipate consumer preferences, or if the Group is unable to modify its products in line with customer 
needs, the Group may lose customers or become subject to greater pricing pressures and the Group's 
operating results may also suffer. Any failure on the Group's part to innovate and design new products or 
modify existing products may hurt the Group's brands and could result in a decrease of market shares and 
net sales. There is a risk that the Group will not be able to continue designing products that meet customers' 
needs in a cost-effective and timely basis, or at all. Furthermore, the Group may not be able to focus on the 
right projects for innovation, or successfully develop or offer new competitive products. 
If the Group does not compete successfully and is unable to continue designing new and competitive 
products, its share of industry sales, sales volumes and selling prices may be adversely affected, which in 
turn could have a material adverse effect on the Group's business, financial condition and results of 
operations. 
Demand for the Group's products is dependent on consumer demand for underlying products and 
consumers' attitude towards leisure activity 
The sales of the Group's products depend on underlying consumer demand, especially within RV and 
Marine (the market for pleasure boats) for all sales channels. Should consumer costs for fuel increase and 
then remain at a higher level for an extended period of time, consumer demand in the RV and Marine 
sectors could decline as a result. Other factors which increase the costs for consumers to operate RVs or 
boats could also have the effect of reducing consumer demand in these sectors. Demand may increase or 
decrease significantly as a result of changes in customers' taste and desire for certain products. Customers 
of the Group's products often consider owning and using an RV to be a lifestyle choice rather than only a 
specific holiday alternative. Should the Group's customers no longer view owning an RV as a lifestyle, or 
if customers' attitudes towards the industry become negative for any reason, for example following a major 
incident causing safety concerns relating to the Group, its products, RVs or leisure activity in general or 
other scandals affecting one or several of the Group's customers, the Group may experience a decrease in 
demand. If consumer demand were to decline it could have a material adverse effect on the Group's 
business, financial condition and results of operations. 
The Group's ability to meet demand for its products may be limited by unanticipated shifts in customer 
demand or delivery failures by the Group's suppliers 
Although the Group has flexible manufacturing operations that can respond to surges in demand, even when 
all of the Group's manufacturing / assembly sites are running at full production, there is a risk that the Group

--- Page 14 ---
- 7 - 
will not be able to satisfy unanticipated, exceptionally high levels of demand, or where there are unexpected 
supply chain constraints. Also, certain of the Group's products have a high order to delivery lead time of 
between 45 and 65 days, which inhibits the Group's capacity to respond quickly to changes in customer 
demand. Further, the Group's ability to meet customer demand may be limited by supply constraints of key 
materials. The Group's inability to meet customer demand for the Group's products could have a material 
adverse effect on the Group's business, financial condition and results of operations. 
There is a consolidation trend among OEMs that could cause pricing pressure and the loss of major 
customers which could have a material adverse effect on the business of the Group 
In the recent decades there has been gradual consolidation among original equipment manufacturers 
("OEMs") across business areas. In particular, there has been increased consolidation among RV OEMs, 
resulting in more concentrated purchasing power, which leads to pricing pressure on suppliers to OEMs in 
the Americas segment. There is a risk that the Group may experience increasing price pressure due to 
consolidation among OEMs, which could have a material adverse effect on the Group's business, financial 
condition and results of operations. 
The Group's ten largest customers, the vast majority of which were RV OEM customers, represented 14 
per cent. of the Group's total net sales for the year ended 31 December 2022 and 15 per cent. for the three 
months ended 31 March 2023 (as compared to 26 per cent. for the year ended 31 December 2021 and the 
three months ended 31 March 2022). Customer concentration is higher in the Americas segment than in 
EMEA and Asia Pacific ("APAC") segments and the ongoing consolidation trend among OEMs is stronger 
in the Americas segment. A decision by any of these major customers—whether motivated by competitive 
conditions, financial difficulties, change of ownership, change of management or otherwise—to 
significantly decrease the products purchased from the Group, or to change its business relations with the 
Group, could have a material adverse effect on the Group's business, financial condition and results of 
operations. If the consolidation trend continues or increases, there is a risk that any problems related to the 
loss of one or several customers would be exacerbated. 
Volatility and disruption of the capital and credit markets and adverse changes in the global economy 
may adversely impact the ability of consumers to access financing negatively, which could have a 
material adverse effect on the Group's business, financial condition and results of operations 
Consumers of the Group's products, especially end-consumers of RVs and pleasure boats, generally depend 
on consumer financing to make large purchases. Volatility and disruption of the capital and credit markets 
and adverse changes in the United States, European and global economies may negatively impact the end-
consumers' ability to access financing, which may have a material adverse effect on the Group's sales, 
profitability and financial condition. For example, during the global economic and financial downturn 
which began in 2008, consumers who sought to purchase RVs or pleasure boats incorporating the Group's 
products experienced a significant decline in the availability of financing. The subsequent improvement in 
the availability of financing from banks and financial providers was a major driver for the recovery in the 
sales of many of the Group's products, including in the RV business segment. Any disruptions to or a stall 
in the growth of the financial markets or a decline in the availability of financing, may materially adversely 
impact the Group's sales. Furthermore, the availability of financing may affect the liquidity of the Group's 
independent distributors and customers, which could also have a material adverse effect on the Group's 
sales. The marine business area is susceptible to similar pressures during an economic downturn as many 
lenders tighten lending to end-consumer financing of marine products and exit the market for marine 
floorplan financing, which provides credit to dealers and manufacturers. Due to the above, the Group may 
be especially impacted by the limited availability of credit to consumers. The occurrence or continuation 
of such market disruptions could have a material adverse effect on the Group's business, financial condition 
and results of operations. 
Changes in weather patterns and seasonal weather fluctuations may have a material adverse effect on 
the Group's business, financial condition and results of operations 
A majority of the Group's sales and expenses are affected by higher demand in the summer seasons, with a 
subsequent drop during autumn starting in August when the year's major season is coming to an end. The 
revenue pattern applies in Australia but during another part of the year given the country's position in the 
southern hemisphere. This is greater with regards to the Group's sales through the Group's distribution sales

--- Page 15 ---
- 8 - 
channel ("Distribution") and the Group's secondary market supplies of standalone aftermarket products, 
replacement products, service, spare parts and consumables sales channel ("Service and Aftermarket") 
(but less so for its OEM sales), which comprised 56 per cent. of the Group's total sales for the year ended 
31 December 2022, and 56 per cent. for the three months ended 31 March 2023 as compared to 50 per cent. 
for the year ended 31 December 2021 and 56 per cent. for the three months ended 31 March 2022. Because 
the market for several of the Group's products primarily relates to activities enjoyed in good weather in the 
summer months, a majority of the Group's Distribution and Service and Aftermarket sales occur in spring 
and summer. During these seasons the Group's Distribution and Service and Aftermarket sales are in turn 
affected by general weather conditions, which impact consumers' desire to spend time outdoors. The 
Group's operations may be adversely affected by unseasonably cool weather in the months of May through 
July, which has the effect of diminishing customer demand for the Group's products and decreasing its sales 
volumes. Seasonal weather fluctuations could therefore have a material adverse effect on the Group's 
business, financial condition and results of operations. 
Seasonal fluctuations can result in significant differences in the Group's quarter-to-quarter results, as well 
as, to a lesser extent, and depending on the occurrence of bad weather during a large part of the spring and 
summer season, year-on-year results. Although there has been demand for the Group's products throughout 
the year, in the past three financial years 39 per cent. in 2020, 43 per cent. in 2021 and 47 per cent. in 2022 
of the Group's total sales occurred in the five months from March through July. As the Group's year-end 
figures in the audited financial statements level such seasonality, such annual figures should not be relied 
upon as a benchmark of future sales and operating results measured on a quarterly basis. Similarly, quarterly 
sales results should not be annualised for an indication of yearly sales results. 
The Group's cash requirements for the year typically peak in April through July. As the Group purchases 
direct materials and builds up finished goods inventory in advance of the summer selling season, the 
Group's inventory levels are substantially based on the Group's expectations for future net sales. However, 
net sales visibility is low and there is a risk that the Group will fail to achieve expected net sales during the 
summer selling season if the Group makes the wrong assumptions in respect of the upcoming demand. If 
the Group fails to accurately estimate demand during the busy selling season, it could have a material 
adverse effect on the Group's business, financial condition and results of operations. 
Inefficiencies in supply chain and inventory management may have a material adverse effect on the 
Group's results of operations 
Inventory represents a large proportion of the Group's assets and inventory is costly to move, warehouse 
and handle. Efficient supply chain and inventory management is therefore important to the Group's 
business. Any disruption to the existing supply chain or inefficiency in managing inventory (including 
errors or omissions in forecasting or ordering by the Group or its customers) may result in excessive or 
insufficient inventory of a particular product or group of products. Even though the Group can sell products 
from earlier seasons, the wide product range offered by the Group can lead to excess inventory which 
exposes the Group to the risk that inventory may need to be impaired or discarded due to the Group's 
inability to sell the inventory. Conversely, insufficient inventory exposes the Group to the risk of having to 
purchase materials, components and finished products at higher prices in order to be able to deliver on time, 
to incur high costs for express freight, to pay penalties for not delivering on time or resulting in inability to 
meet customer demands. Accordingly, disruption to, or inefficiencies in, supply chain and inventory 
management could have a material adverse effect on the Group's business, financial condition and results 
of operations. 
Design or manufacturing defects in the Group's products or other defects may cause the Group to incur 
higher material costs and/or reputational issues as a result of product liability or warranty claims or 
related to recalls or reworks 
In the event that one of the Group's products is alleged to contain a design or manufacturing defect, the 
Group could be required to incur costs related to product liability, warranty claims, recalling or reworking 
such product. A recall could divert managerial and financial resources and may adversely affect the Group's 
reputation with its customers as a manufacturer of safe, quality products. The Group has experienced a 
number of recalls in the past, both in the United States and also in the European market. Though the Group 
has product recall insurance for all of its manufacturing / assembly sites, the Group's insurance policies, 
including product liability and product recall policies, have limits that, if exceeded, may result in substantial

--- Page 16 ---
- 9 - 
costs for the Group. In addition, warranty claims are not covered by the product liability insurance and 
certain product liability claims may also not be covered by the product liability insurance. Further, warranty 
expense is recorded on the date that net sales is recognised and requires significant assumptions about what 
costs will be incurred in the future. For example, the Group determines provisions for warranties based on 
historical costs for repairs. The Group may be required to record material adjustments to accruals and 
expenses in the future if actual costs for these warranties are different from the Group's assumptions. The 
Group's warranty costs have been 1.4 per cent., 1.6 per cent., and 1.8 per cent. of its net sales for the years 
ended 31 December 2022, 2021 and 2020, respectively and 1.3 per cent. and 1.3 per cent. for the three 
months ended 31 March 2023 and 2022, respectively. Provisions for recalled products are based on 
estimations of future cash flow required to regulate commitments. Such estimations are based on the nature 
of the recall, the legal process, and the likely extent of damages as well as the progress of the process. If 
these liabilities were to increase unexpectedly, however, they could substantially reduce profits and have a 
material adverse effect on the Group's operations. Even if a product liability claim is not successful or is 
not fully pursued, the negative publicity surrounding a product recall or any assertion that the Group's 
products caused property damage or personal injury could significantly damage the brand identity and the 
Group's reputation. Design or manufacturing defects, warranty or product liability claims, whether they 
result in liability or not, could have a material adverse effect on the Group's business, financial condition 
and results of operations. 
Price volatility or significant supply interruptions in direct materials could have a material adverse effect 
on the Group 
In the manufacture of its products, the Group depends on direct materials, which are comprised of purchased 
component parts, semi manufactures, external products and raw materials such as steel, stainless steel, 
aluminium, copper and plastics. Direct materials typically accounts for approximately 65 per cent. of the 
Group's cost of goods sold. 
An increase in the prices of direct materials may significantly increase the Group's cost of goods sold and 
may negatively impact the Group's margins if it is unable to effectively pass such price increases on to its 
customers. To the extent the cost of certain direct materials (e.g. aluminium, for awnings and windows and 
doors) increases substantially or freight costs due to fuel surcharges or otherwise, the Group's profitability 
could decline. Since the start of 2021 supply chain disturbances, as well as inflation and rising raw material 
prices and freight costs, as well as the availability of critical components impacted the Group's profitability 
and cash flow. Meanwhile as raw material prices and freight costs decreased in the end of 2022 and 2023, 
critical components availability remains a challenge. 
If the Group increases its own prices in response to increases in the prices or quantities of direct materials 
or components the Group requires, or encounters significant supply interruptions, the Group's competitive 
position could be materially adversely affected, which may result in depressed sales. Although the Group 
typically tries to pass increases in prices of direct materials on to its customers through price increases, 
there may be a delay before the Group can pass such price changes on to its customers. The ability to 
transfer increases in prices of direct materials to customers depends on the term and type of contract entered 
into with the customers in each business area. In general the Group includes a clause in customer contracts 
which enables renegotiation of prices in situations when costs levels change as a result of, for example, 
freight limitations, raw material price developments or currency movements. The notice period differs 
depending on customer type. In commercial passenger vehicles ("CPVs"), OEM long-term contracts are 
standard which limits the possibility to pass on price increases. 
Additionally, the Group's purchases of direct materials and components from international suppliers are 
subject to risks associated with changes in, and application of, laws, regulations and policies, including 
those related to tariffs (such as anti-dumping and countervailing duties) and other trade barriers. 
If the prices of the Group's direct materials continue to increase, and if the Group is unable to pass on such 
price increases to its consumers or if trade barriers limit the Group's access to direct materials, this could 
have a material adverse effect on the Group's business, financial condition and results of operations.

--- Page 17 ---
- 10 - 
The Group's production operations exposes the Group to operational risks in the form of service 
interruptions caused by breakdowns in machinery and industrial accidents 
The Group operates 24 manufacturing / assembly sites in 11 countries (see further "Description of the 
Group – Manufacturing/assembly"). Machines located at one or more of these manufacturing / assembly 
sites could fail, leading to interruptions in service. These interruptions in service could cause product 
delivery delays if production cannot be taken over by other of the Group's facilities. It is also possible that 
repeated or extended delays could damage the Group's reputation and thus lead to a loss of customers. 
Shifting production to another facility could also lead to increased costs associated with moving materials 
and products to a distant facility. 
Operating machinery also carries the risk of industrial accidents which could injure, or even cause deaths. 
In the event of an industrial accident, the Group may be faced with claims for damages, which are costly 
and time-consuming to defend. Should the Group be found liable, and should insurance coverage prove to 
be insufficient, the Group could be financially responsible, in whole or in part, for the injury suffered. A 
disruption in service at the Group's manufacturing / assembly sites or an industrial accident or injury could 
have a material adverse effect on the Group's business, financial condition and results of operations. 
A force majeure event affecting the Group's major manufacturing / assembly sites may materially affect 
the Group's ability to operate and produce saleable products and a part of the Group's manufacturing 
capacity could be shut down for an extended period 
The incidence and severity of force majeure events such as floods or natural disasters, fires, terrorism, 
power loss or other similar events, are inherently unpredictable, and could impede the Group's ability to 
operate its business and lead to the Group incurring substantial losses. In such a situation, the Group's 
manufacturing capacity could be reduced for an extended period and the Group could experience a loss of 
direct materials, work in process or finished goods inventory. The Group's property damage and business 
interruption insurance may be insufficient to mitigate the losses from any such event. The Group may also 
be unable to recover the value of the lost products or work-in-progress, as well as the sales opportunities 
from the products the Group would be unable to produce, and the delivery of its products to customers 
could be delayed and, if the delay is prolonged, could permit the Group's customers to terminate the 
purchase. Any of these events could harm the Group's results of operations and financial condition. Also, 
certain force majeure events such as war, riots, flooding, earthquakes or typhoons in certain areas where 
the Group has a high concentration of sales could lessen demand for its products in those areas and could 
have a material adverse effect on the Group's business, financial condition and results of operations. 
The Group's contractual counterparts may fail to fulfil their contractual obligations 
The Group produces a majority of its products in-house and is dependent on external suppliers' availability, 
production, quality assurance and delivery in order to manufacture, sell and deliver goods. Incorrect and 
delayed deliveries or even non-deliveries from suppliers of various types could mean that the Group's 
deliveries in turn are delayed, incomplete or incorrect or that they have to be discontinued, which could 
result in reduced sales and an adverse impact on the Group's customer relations. Such disruptions in supplier 
deliveries could have a material adverse effect on the Group's business, financial position and results of 
operations. 
Additionally, the Group's dealers, distributors or customers may fail to fulfil their obligations towards the 
Group, including the ability to sell and/or deliver the Group's products to consumers and to pay for any 
products delivered fully and on time. Should the Group's counterparts fail to fulfil contractual obligations 
to the Group, it could have a material adverse effect on the Group's business, financial condition and results 
of operations. 
Strikes and other industrial actions, as well as the negotiation of a new collective bargaining agreement, 
could disrupt the Group's operations or make it more costly to operate its facilities 
The Group is exposed to the risk of strikes and other industrial actions in accordance with applicable 
regulations within all of its regions. The Group is a member of employer organisations, and is thereby 
bound by collective bargaining agreements with employee organisations, as well as local collective

--- Page 18 ---
- 11 - 
bargaining agreements with the same trade unions. The collective bargaining agreements provide for annual 
salary increases and include general terms and conditions on, among other things, vacation entitlements, 
notice periods, working hours and insurance benefits. The Group may in the future experience lengthy 
consultations with trade unions, strikes, work stoppages or other industrial actions called by the trade unions 
according to law, which could result in the Group being unable to serve customers in a timely manner. 
Strikes and other industrial actions, and the negotiation of new collective bargaining agreements or salary 
increases in the future, could disrupt the Group's operations and make it more costly to operate its facilities, 
which in turn could have a material adverse effect on the Group's business, financial condition and results 
of operations. 
Strategic Risks 
Loss of the Group's management and other key employees, or an inability to attract such management 
or other key employees, could impact the Group's business 
The Group depends significantly on the continued services of its existing management and key employees 
and on its ability to recruit, retain and train skilled personnel within production, product development and 
specialised areas, particularly professionals with experience in the business and operations of the Group 
and of the markets in which it operates. If these qualified and skilled employees leave or if the Group is 
unable to attract, retain, train and motivate additional qualified and skilled employees (for example through 
the development program for management or other initiatives for training talents), the Group may 
experience difficulties conducting its operations. If the Group were to lose any of its key employees and 
either fail to replace them or experience significant expense or delay in replacing them, this could have a 
material adverse effect on the Group's business, financial condition and results of operations. 
Damage to the Group's reputation may result in the Group losing business or growth opportunities 
The Group is dependent on its reputation. The Group's reputation can influence the purchase decision of 
both new customers and existing customers. For example, quality issues, operational or logistics problems 
and the loss of a well-known customer or supplier could damage the Group's reputation and, thereby, have 
an adverse effect on the Group's ability to retain existing customers or attract new customers. In addition, 
the Group faces the risk that its employees and other persons affiliated with the Group, may take actions 
that are unethical, criminal (including, but not limited to, with respect to violation of applicable anti-
corruption or anti-bribery legislation) or otherwise contravene the Group's internal guidelines and policies. 
Customers or suppliers could associate the Group with such misconduct, which could have a material 
adverse effect on the Group's reputation, business, financial condition and results of operations. 
Disruptions or breaches in the Group's IT systems may make it difficult to conduct business 
The Group's production is dependent on the reliability, functionality, maintenance, operation and 
continuing development of its IT systems at its offices and manufacturing / assembly sites. Furthermore, 
IT systems are required for the Group to purchase, sell and deliver products and to invoice customers. The 
Group's IT systems are also important for maintaining accurate accounting and financial reporting systems. 
Disruptions, for example, as a consequence of upgrades to existing IT systems, or deficiencies in the 
function of the Group's IT systems, could disrupt the Group's ability to conduct its business, which could 
have a material adverse effect on the Group's business, financial condition and results of operations. the 
Group is also dependent on having an advanced IT system to be able to be competitive in the market. The 
quality and effective utilisation of the information generated by its IT systems, and the Group's success in 
implementing new systems and upgrades, affects, among other things, the Group's ability to: 
• 
conduct its business and carry out sales to its customers, including via e-commerce; 
• 
purchase, sell, ship and invoice products efficiently and on a timely basis; 
• 
maintain a cost-efficient operating model; and 
• 
manage its inventory and accounts receivable.

--- Page 19 ---
- 12 - 
The integrity of the Group's IT systems is vulnerable to disruption due to forces beyond the Group's control. 
Further there is a risk that the Group's backup systems will not operate properly if and when required. Any 
disruption to or infiltration of the Group's IT systems could have a major impact on the Group's ability to 
service customers' needs, or result in negative publicity, which could have a material adverse effect on the 
Group's business, financial condition and results of operations. 
The Group operates in a global environment and is consequently exposed to local business risk in many 
countries as well as risk associated with different legal systems and various regulations 
The Group operates in a global environment and is consequently exposed to various complex, demanding 
and evolving legal, administrative and regulatory requirements, relating to, among other things, government 
procurement regulations, regulations regarding the protection of classified information, regulations 
prohibiting bribery and other corrupt practices, regulations regarding the pricing of labour and other costs 
in contracts, regulations on lobbying or similar activities, regulations pertaining to internal controls over 
financial reporting, environmental, trade, competition and anti-trust laws and regulations, and any other 
applicable laws or regulations. Failure to comply with applicable laws or regulations or acts of misconduct 
could subject the Group to fines, penalties, and suspension or debarment from contracting, or negative 
effects on its reputation, which could weaken its ability to win contracts and result in reduced net sales and 
profits. A substantial portion of the Group's production capacity is in China. The Chinese legal system, in 
particular, continues to evolve rapidly and the interpretation of many laws and regulations entails 
uncertainties which may limit the protection available to foreign investments. Additionally, to resort to 
administrative and court proceedings to enforce legal protection granted by law or to enforce contractual 
rights may not always be successful. Administrative authorities and courts have significant discretion in 
interpreting and implementing statutory and contractual terms, circumstances unrelated to the legal merits 
of a particular matter or dispute may influence their determination. It is therefore more difficult to assess 
the outcome of any proceedings and the level of protection that is available than it would be in other legal 
systems. Accordingly, the factors outlined above could have a material adverse effect on the Group's 
business, financial condition and results of operations. 
Moreover, trade restrictions introduced by way of laws, policies, measures, controls or other actions 
implemented by the authorities in the countries in which the Group operates, or in other countries where 
the Group may operate in the future, as well as sanctions or other measures by associations and 
organisations, such as the European Union and the United Nations, may restrict the Group's operations, 
delay or prevent planned investments or otherwise have a material adverse effect on the Group's financial 
results. 
The Group may not be able to develop and implement systems, policies and practices to completely manage 
these risks or comply with applicable regulations without incurring additional costs. If any of these risks 
materialise it could have a material adverse effect on the Group's business, financial condition or results of 
operations. 
The Group's insurance coverage, contractual indemnifications and limitations on liability could prove 
inadequate 
The Group's insurance coverage, contractual indemnifications and limitations on liability may not 
adequately protect the Group against liability for certain events, or against direct and consequential losses 
resulting from a business interruption. Moreover, there is a risk that the Group will not be able to maintain 
insurance at levels that it deems adequate, that no insurance coverage is available or that contracts do not 
contain adequate limitations on liability. There is also a risk that such insurance, indemnification and 
limitations on liability will not adequately protect the Group against liability from all of the hazards and 
risks the Group encounters in operating its business. 
The occurrence of an event against which the Group is not fully insured or otherwise contractually protected 
or the failure of a customer or insurer to meet its indemnification towards end customers or insurance 
obligations, could result in substantial losses. In addition, there is a risk that insurance will not be available 
to cover any or all of these risks, or, even if available, those insurance premiums or other costs will rise 
significantly in the future, so as to make the cost of such insurance prohibitive. Any future damage caused 
by the Group's products or services that are not covered by insurance, are in excess of policy limits, are

--- Page 20 ---
- 13 - 
subject to substantial deductibles, or are not limited by contractual limitations on liability, could have a 
material adverse effect on the Group's business, financial condition and results of operations. 
Acquisitions may expose the Group to risks and the Group may not realise the expected benefits of past 
or future acquisitions in the medium to long term 
As part of the Group's growth strategy, the Group has in the past and may in the future acquire or invest in 
additional complementary companies to further build product range or geographical reach. Acquisitions 
may expose the Group to risks relating to, among other things, integration, negative effects on relationships 
with key customers, inability to retain key employees as well as difficulties in or unanticipated costs for 
combining the operations. There is also a risk that integration processes may take longer than expected and 
that anticipated synergies do not materialise, in whole or in part. The integration process may be complex, 
costly and time-consuming. 
In addition, it is possible that the companies that the Group has acquired, or which the Group may acquire 
in the future, have liabilities in respect of former or existing operations which the Group has not been able 
to identify and assess through due diligence. In some cases, the Group has not received indemnities or 
otherwise obtained insurance coverage for environmental and other issues which may have existed at the 
time the Group acquired the companies, as may be the case in relation to potential future acquisitions. Any 
substantial liability for remediation or damages as a result of such issues could require significant levels of 
expenditures. 
Past and future divestments of a business may expose the Group to risks, including risks pertaining to terms 
and conditions for the divestment of a business, such as warranties, indemnifications and undertakings in 
favour of the purchaser with respect to the business divested. 
If any of these risks related to past or future acquisitions or divestments were to materialise, it could have 
a material adverse effect on the Group's business, financial condition and results of operations. 
The Group's actual future results may differ materially from what is expressed or implied by the financial 
targets presented in the Base Prospectus, and investors should not place undue reliance on these targets 
The financial targets set forth in this Base Prospectus (see "Description of the Group – Financial Targets") 
are the Group's expectations for the medium to long term, including net sales growth, EBIT margin net 
debt/EBITDA (leverage) and dividend. The actual results of the Group may differ materially from what is 
expressed or implied by the medium and long term financial targets. These financial targets are based upon 
a number of assumptions, which are inherently subject to significant business, operational, economic and 
other risks, many of which are outside of the Group's control. These assumptions may not continue to reflect 
the commercial, regulatory and economic environment in which the Group operates. If the assumptions 
underlying the expected market growth prove to be inaccurate and actual growth is much lower, the Group 
may be unable to meet its target. Similarly, for reasons both within and outside of the Group's control the 
Group may not be in a position to achieve net sales growth in line with the market. Accordingly, such 
assumptions used for setting the Group's financial targets may change or may not materialise at all. In 
addition, unanticipated events may have a material adverse effect on the actual results that the Group 
achieves in future periods whether or not its assumptions otherwise prove to be correct. As a result, the 
Group's actual results may vary materially from these targets and investors should not place undue reliance 
on them. 
Financial Risks 
The Group's international operations subject it to risks associated with foreign currency fluctuations 
Currency risk refers to the risk of exchange-rate fluctuations having an adverse effect on the Group's 
consolidated income statement, balance sheet or cash flow. Foreign exchange exposure occurs in 
conjunction with materials and services being bought or sold in currencies other than the respective 
subsidiary's functional reporting currency (transaction exposure) and when non-Swedish subsidiaries' 
assets, liabilities and operations are translated into the Group's reporting currency, SEK (translation 
exposure). The Group's global operations give rise to significant cash flow in foreign currency. The Group

--- Page 21 ---
- 14 - 
is principally exposed to changes in euro, U.S. dollar, Australian dollar, Chinese yuan and U.K. pound 
sterling compared to SEK. In addition, currency exchange-rate fluctuations can have a significant impact 
on the Group's capital structure and financial costs, with respect to external and intercompany indebtedness 
denominated in currencies other than SEK. There is a risk that fluctuations in foreign currency exchange 
rates, particularly the strengthening of SEK against major currencies could have a material adverse effect 
on the Group's business, financial condition and results of operations. 
The Group's tax liabilities could change due to any successful challenge of the Group's past or current 
tax positions or as a result of changes in tax laws 
The Group operates through a number of subsidiaries in several countries and the Group and its subsidiaries 
are from time to time subject to tax reviews and audits. The tax strategies applied by the Group are based 
on interpretations of the current tax laws, treaties and regulations of the various countries involved and the 
requirements of the relevant tax authorities. There is a risk that tax audits or reviews may result in the 
reduction of tax losses carry forwards or imposition of additional tax, which may be due to for example 
acquisitions, capital restructurings and intra-group reorganisations and transactions. 
In the event that the Group's interpretation of tax laws, treaties and regulations or their applicability is 
incorrect, if one or more governmental authorities successfully make negative tax adjustments with regard 
to a Group entity or if the applicable laws, treaties, regulations or governmental interpretations thereof or 
administrative practice in relation thereto change, including with retroactive effect, the Group's past or 
current tax positions may be challenged. In the event tax authorities were to succeed with such claims, this 
could result in an increased tax cost, including tax surcharges and interest which could have a material 
adverse effect on the Group's business, financial condition and results of operations. Sweden's interest 
deduction limitation rules which include a cap for a deduction of net interest expenses at 30 per cent. of tax 
EBITDA, with certain exceptions. These rules may restrict the deductibility of interest expenses and 
increase the Group's tax burden. 
The Group's tax burden could increase if tax authorities consider that the Group does not act in 
accordance with applicable rules on transfer pricing 
The jurisdictions in which the Group operates have rules on transfer pricing, that require intra-group 
transactions to be conducted on arm's length terms. The transfer pricing strategies applied by the Group are 
based on the OECD Transfer Pricing Guidelines, national regulations and documented principles to 
determine intra-group transfer prices, which are monitored by the Group's tax function. Transactions 
conducted between the Group companies, such as distribution of products, IT costs, research and 
development ("R&D") services, the Group's cash-pool and intra-group loans, are, according to the Group, 
made on a commercial basis by application of international guidelines and national regulations. The Group's 
transfer pricing practices are from time to time subject to tax reviews. In the event the tax authorities in the 
jurisdictions where the Group operates consider the transfer prices not to be on arm's length terms and were 
to succeed with such claims, this could result in an increased tax cost, including tax surcharges and interest 
which could have a material adverse effect on the Group's business, financial condition and results of 
operations. 
Tax losses could be partly or fully restricted, either as a result of future changes in tax laws or, under 
the current rules, as a result of a change of control 
Tax losses may be restricted or forfeited either as a result of future changes in Swedish tax law or, under 
the current rules, as a result of a change of control through which one holder obtains the decisive influence 
or several holders together hold shares, acquired during a specific time frame, representing more than 50 
per cent. of the votes calculated in a certain manner. Such a change of control would forfeit historical tax 
losses carry forward, to the extent they exceed 200 per cent. of the acquisition cost for the decisive influence 
(under a special calculation where contributions and other transfers of value may reduce the purchase price 
in a certain manner). The forfeiture or restriction on the use of the Group's tax loss carry forwards may have 
a significant impact on the Group's tax burden, including a potential imposition of tax surcharges, and could 
have a material adverse effect on the Group's business, financial condition and results of operations. 
The Group has tax loss carry forwards in several countries, amounting to in total SEK 1,266 million as of 
31 December 2022, out of which tax losses in all the Group entities incorporated in Sweden amount to SEK

--- Page 22 ---
- 15 - 
1,022 million. Deferred tax assets have been recognised in relation to SEK 1,038 million of the tax losses. 
Tax losses which are not activated cannot be utilised within the five upcoming years. 
The Group's balance sheet includes significant intangible assets including goodwill, and if these are 
impaired and required to be written down, it could have a material adverse effect on the Group's financial 
condition 
The Group has significant amounts of goodwill and brands that have indefinite life and which are not 
amortised. As of 31 December 2022, the goodwill and trademark assets amounted to SEK 28,106 million 
in the aggregate as compared to SEK 25,947 million in the aggregate as of 31 December 2021. In 
accordance with IFRS, goodwill and intangible assets that are not amortised, but are subject to at least an 
annual impairment test. Pursuant to IFRS, an impairment test should be performed more frequently if there 
are indicators of impairment, for example: 
• 
significant adverse changes that have taken place or are expected in the near future in the market, 
economic or legal environment in which the Group operates or in its markets; 
• 
increases in interest rates or other market rates of return that may materially affect the discount rate 
used in calculating the asset's recoverable amount; 
• 
the carrying amount of our net assets exceeding our market capitalisation; 
• 
management's forecasts of future net cash inflows or operating profit showing a significant decline 
from previous budgets and forecasts; 
• 
actual net cash outflows or operating profit or loss being significantly worse than budgeted; and 
• 
operating losses or net cash outflows being forecast. 
Should the Group's assumptions and estimates about future economic and financial market conditions, 
operating performance in the Group's cash generating units, or any other of its assumptions and estimates, 
including those listed above, prove to be incorrect, a future impairment test may require the Group to write 
down these assets, generating future impairment charges, and such write-down and impairment charges 
could be material. Any future impairment charges that the Group is required to record could have a material 
adverse effect on the Group's business, financial condition and results of operations. 
The Group's indebtedness or future additional indebtedness could adversely affect its financial condition, 
ability to operate its business, react to changes in the economy or its industry and pay its debts 
The Group now has a significant amount of indebtedness. As at 31 December 2022, the Group had SEK 
14,977 million of net debt and SEK 15,228 million as at 31 March 2023 (as compared to SEK 12,531 
million as at 31 December 2021 and SEK 13,965 million as at 31 March 2022). The Group requires a 
significant amount of cash to service its debt obligations. 
The Group's indebtedness could have important consequences to its business, including: 
• 
making it more difficult for the Group to satisfy its obligations with respect to its indebtedness; 
• 
increasing the Group's vulnerability to general adverse economic and industry conditions; 
• 
requiring the Group to dedicate a substantial portion of its cash flow from operations to payments 
on its indebtedness, thereby limiting cash flow available to fund working capital, capital 
expenditures or other general corporate requirements; 
• 
limiting the Group's flexibility in planning for, or reacting to, changes in tax regulations, its 
business and the industry and making it more vulnerable to economic downturns and adverse 
industry conditions;

--- Page 23 ---
- 16 - 
• 
compromising the Group's ability to exploit business opportunities and to react to competitive 
pressures, as compared to less indebted competitors; and 
• 
limiting the Group's ability to obtain additional financing to fund future working capital, capital 
expenditures, other general corporate requirements and acquisitions. 
The Group's ability to make scheduled payments, to refinance its debt on favourable terms or at all, to fund 
future operations and required capital expenditures will depend on the Group's future operating 
performance and ability to generate sufficient cash. Some aspects of the Group's future results depend on 
economic, financial and competitive factors and other factors beyond its control. Should the Group fail to 
meet its obligations under its indebtedness or breach any undertaking or covenant, it could have a material 
adverse effect on its business, financial condition and results of operations. 
Legal and Regulatory Risks 
The Group is subject to stringent environmental laws and other regulations, and the violation of, or the 
cost of compliance with, such laws and regulations could have a material adverse effect on the Group's 
operations and cash flows 
The Group is subject to stringent environmental laws and regulations as a result of the nature of its business, 
including the use of chemicals at its manufacturing / assembly sites. Chemicals currently and historically 
used at some of the Group manufacturing / assembly sites include solvents/degreasing agents, cooling 
agents (for filling of air conditioners and refrigerators) and petroleum products. Solvents used for 
degreasing are currently mainly alkaline and phosphorous based. Numerous governmental and regulatory 
bodies enforce laws and regulations on a wide range of environmental, occupational safety and health, 
nuisance, zoning, land use and other regulatory matters. The Group's failure to comply with these 
increasingly stringent laws and regulations could subject the Group to future liabilities or result in the 
limitation or suspension of the sale or production of products. These laws may also provide for strict liability 
for damage to natural resources or threats to public health and safety, which can render a party liable without 
proof of negligence or fault and, if imposed by way of fine or penalty, is generally not something for which 
insurance can be procured. The Group may also be liable for clean-up costs and replacement costs and 
subject to litigation claims under these regimes. The Group has acquired, or may in the future acquire, 
certain manufacturing / assembly sites with existing environmental issues about which it has no knowledge 
and over which the Group has no control prior to its purchase of the facility, or divest certain manufacturing 
/ assembly sites with environmental issues, and become liable for noncompliance with environmental laws. 
If the Group is unable to refute rulings or conclusions against it or to remedy any violations, the regulatory 
authorities may impose fines, criminal and administrative penalties or severe sanctions, including but not 
limited to enjoining the Group from carrying on certain of its business activities. The Group may also be 
required to pay damages to private parties, including property owners located near the Group's 
manufacturing / assembly sites, due to non-compliance with environmental laws and regulations, or if the 
Group's operations or contamination from its sites cause them personal injury, result in physical damage to 
their property or interfere with the enjoyment of their property rights. 
The Group incurs, and expects to continue to incur, capital and operating costs to comply with the applicable 
environmental laws and regulations, the technical requirements of which are becoming increasingly 
complex and stringent and therefore more difficult to comply with. Stricter enforcement of existing laws 
and regulations, the introduction of new laws and regulations, the discovery of previously unknown 
contamination or the imposition of new or increased requirements could require the Group to incur costs or 
become the basis of new or increased liabilities that could reduce earnings and cash available for operations. 
If any such liabilities are not covered by insurance or otherwise exceed the Group's environmental liability 
reserves, they could have a material adverse effect on the Group's business, financial condition and results 
of operations. 
In addition, the Group faces the risk of environmental accidents associated with the Group's operations, 
which could result in material costs and liabilities. The Group's operations routinely involve the handling 
of significant amounts of chemical substances, some of which are classified as hazardous and subject the 
Group to specific handling requirements, including, for example, chromate, which is used in the Group's 
absorption refrigerators. As is the case with manufacturers in general, if a release or threat of release of 
hazardous materials occurs on or from the Group's properties or any associated offsite disposal location, or

--- Page 24 ---
- 17 - 
if contamination from prior activities is discovered at any properties owned or operated by the Group, the 
Group may be held liable for response costs and damages to natural resources, which could have a material 
adverse effect on the Group's business, financial condition and results of operations. 
The Group is exposed to the risk of litigation, investigations and other proceedings 
The Group is involved in various claims and lawsuits incidental to its business, including those involving 
labour relations, product liability and environmental matters, among others. The Group is also party to a 
number of pending lawsuits. See also "Description of the Group – Litigation and arbitration". Disputes, 
claims, investigations and proceedings may lead to the Group having to pay damages or cease certain 
practices. Group companies may become involved in disputes within the framework of their normal 
business activities and risk being subject to various claims. In addition, Group companies (or Group 
companies' officers, directors, employees or affiliates) may become subject to criminal investigations and 
proceedings. Disputes, claims, investigations and proceedings of this kind can be time consuming, disrupt 
normal operations, involve large claim amounts and result in considerable costs. Moreover, it can be 
difficult to predict the outcome of complex disputes, claims, investigations and proceedings. Given the 
inherent uncertainty of litigation, there is a risk that existing litigation or any future disputes, claims, 
investigations and proceedings could have a material adverse effect on the Group's business, financial 
condition and results of operations. 
The Group's business operations could be negatively impacted if it fails to adequately protect its 
intellectual property rights or if third parties claim that the Group is in violation of their intellectual 
property rights 
The Group markets and sells its products under one main brand, Dometic, as well as a number of supporting 
brands such as Igloo. With the acquisition of SeaStar Solutions ("SeaStar") in 2017, Kampa UK Limited 
("Kampa") in 2018, and Twin Eagles, Enerdrive, Frontrunner, Valterra, and Buttner Zampsolar, Igloo, 
Cadac International ("Cadac") and NDS Energy in 2021, these brands were added to the portfolio along 
with a number of other secondary tradenames. The Group is dependent on these brands which are protected 
by approximately 1,700 trademark registrations and pending applications. In addition to its trademark 
registrations, the Group's patent and design portfolio contains approximately 3,200 individual patents, 
utility models and design applications and/or granted registrations in countries all over the world. Failure 
to protect these brands and supporting brand names and other intellectual property rights or to prevent their 
unauthorised use by third parties could have a material adverse effect on the Group's business. These 
protections may not be adequate to prevent competitors from copying or reverse engineering the Group's 
products, or from developing and marketing products that are substantially equivalent or superior to the 
Group's own. 
In addition, the Group faces the risk of claims that it is infringing third parties' intellectual property rights. 
Any such claim, even if it is without merit, could be expensive and time-consuming, could cause the Group 
to cease making, using or selling certain products that incorporate the disputed intellectual property, could 
require the Group to redesign its products, if feasible, could divert management time and attention and 
could require the Group to enter into costly royalty or licensing arrangements. If any of the above risks 
were to materialise, it could have a material adverse effect on the Group's business, financial condition and 
results of operations. 
The Group is subject to competition law risks which could have a material adverse effect on its business, 
financial condition and results of operations 
The Group operates a consumer focussed business and so it is subject to competition laws in the 
jurisdictions in which it operates. Contractual conditions and prices in agreements that are used in the 
Group's operations may be subject to restrictions under such competition laws. Competition authorities 
have the power to initiate ex-post regulation procedures and to require a party to cease applying contractual 
terms and prices that are found to be anti-competitive. Competition authorities also have the power to 
impose fines and other sanctions as a result of non-compliance with relevant regulatory requirements.

--- Page 25 ---
- 18 - 
To the extent the Group is unable to ensure compliance with applicable competition laws, the Group may 
be materially adversely affected by the regulatory sanctions, remedies and claims for damages as well as 
inability to enforce contractual terms that are found to be anti-competitive. 
2. FACTORS WHICH ARE MATERIAL FOR THE PURPOSE OF ASSESSING THE MARKET 
RISKS ASSOCIATED WITH NOTES ISSUED UNDER THE PROGRAMME 
Risks related to the structure of a particular issue of Notes 
A wide range of Notes may be issued under the Programme. A number of these Notes may have features 
which contain particular risks for potential investors. Set out below is a description of the most common 
such features. 
Notes subject to optional redemption by the Issuer 
The Issuer may issue Notes which are subject to optional redemption by the Issuer. An optional redemption 
feature is likely to limit the market value of Notes. During any period when the Issuer may elect to redeem 
Notes, the market value of such Notes generally will not rise substantially above the price at which they 
can be redeemed. This also may be true prior to any redemption period. 
The Issuer may be expected to redeem Notes when its cost of borrowing is lower than the interest rate on 
the Notes. At those times, an investor generally would not be able to reinvest the redemption proceeds at 
an effective interest rate as high as the interest rate on the Notes being redeemed and may only be able to 
do so at a significantly lower rate. Potential investors should consider reinvestment risk in light of other 
investments available at that time. 
With respect to the Clean-Up Call Option by the Issuer (Condition 7(i)), there is no obligation on the Issuer 
to inform investors if and when the 80 per cent. threshold of the nominal amount of Notes of a particular 
Series of Notes has been reached or is about to be reached, and the Issuer's right to redeem will exist 
notwithstanding that immediately prior to the serving of a notice in respect of the exercise of the Clean-Up 
Call Option, the Notes may have been trading significantly above par, thus potentially resulting in a loss of 
capital invested. 
Notes which are issued at a substantial discount or premium may experience price volatility in response 
to changes in market interest rates 
The Issuer may issue Notes at a substantial discount or premium. The market values of securities issued at 
a substantial discount (such as Zero Coupon Notes) or premium to their nominal amount tend to fluctuate 
more in relation to general changes in interest rates than do prices for conventional interest-bearing 
securities. Generally, the longer the remaining term of the securities, the greater the price volatility as 
compared to conventional interest-bearing securities with comparable maturities. 
Discontinuation or reformation of certain base rates described herein as "benchmarks," including 
EURIBOR 
The Euro Interbank Offered Rate ("EURIBOR") and other interest rates or other types of rates and indices 
which are used to determine the amounts payable under financial instruments or the value of such financial 
instruments ("benchmarks") are the subject of ongoing national and international regulatory scrutiny. This 
has resulted in regulatory reform and changes to existing benchmarks, with further changes anticipated. 
These reforms and changes may affect the manner of administration of benchmarks, with the result that 
they may perform differently than in the past, or benchmarks could be eliminated entirely, or there could 
be other consequences which cannot be predicted.  
It is not possible to predict with certainty whether, and to what extent, EURIBOR and/or other benchmark 
rates will continue to be supported going forwards. This may cause EURIBOR and/or other benchmark 
rates to perform differently than they have done in the past and may have other consequences which cannot 
be predicted. 
The "Terms and Conditions of the Notes" set out below provide for certain fallback arrangements in the 
event that a published benchmark, such as EURIBOR, (including any page on which such benchmark may 
be published (or any successor service)) becomes unavailable, including the possibility that the rate of 
interest could be set by reference to a successor rate or an alternative reference rate following the Issuer's

--- Page 26 ---
- 19 - 
consultation with an Independent Adviser (as defined below) and that such successor rate or alternative 
reference rate may be adjusted (if required) in order to reduce or eliminate, to the extent reasonably 
practicable in the circumstances, any economic prejudice or benefit (as applicable) to investors arising out 
of the replacement of the relevant benchmark. In certain circumstances, the ultimate fallback of interest for 
a particular Interest Period may result in the rate of interest for the last preceding Interest Period being used. 
This may result in the effective application of a fixed rate for Floating Rate Notes based on the rate which 
was last observed on the Relevant Screen Page. In addition, due to the uncertainty concerning the 
availability of successor rates and alternative reference rates and the involvement of an Independent 
Adviser, the relevant fallback provisions may not operate as intended at the relevant time. 
Any such consequences could have a material adverse effect on the value of and return on any such Notes. 
Moreover, any of the above matters or any other significant change to the setting or existence of any relevant 
reference rate could affect the ability of the relevant Issuer to meet its obligations under the Floating Rate 
Notes or could have a material adverse effect on the value or liquidity of, and the amount payable under, 
the Floating Rate Notes. Investors should consider these matters when making their investment decision 
with respect to the relevant Floating Rate Notes. 
Fixed/Floating Rate Notes 
The Issuer may issue Fixed/Floating Rate Notes which may bear interest at a rate that the Issuer may elect 
to convert from a fixed rate to a floating rate, or from a floating rate to a fixed rate. The conversion of the 
interest basis may affect the secondary market in, and the market value of, such Notes where the change of 
interest basis results in a lower interest return for Noteholders. Where the relevant Notes convert from a 
fixed rate to a floating rate, the spread on the relevant Fixed/Floating Rate Notes may be less favourable 
than then prevailing spreads on comparable Floating Rate Notes tied to the same reference rate. In addition, 
the new floating rate at any time may be lower than the rates on other Notes. Where the relevant Notes 
convert from a floating rate to a fixed rate, the fixed rate may be lower than then prevailing rates on the 
relevant Notes and could affect the market value of an investment in the relevant Notes. 
Risks related to all Notes issued under the Programme 
Set out below is a brief description of certain risks relating to all Notes issued under the Programme. 
Claims of Noteholders under the Notes are effectively subordinated to those of certain other creditors 
of the Issuer and to creditors of the Issuer's subsidiaries 
Notes issued under the Programme will be unsecured and unsubordinated obligations of the Issuer. The 
Notes will rank equally with all of the Issuer's other unsecured and unsubordinated indebtedness; however, 
the Notes will be effectively subordinated to the Issuer's secured indebtedness, if any, to the extent of the 
value of the assets securing such transactions, and will be subject to certain preferential obligations under 
Swedish law, such as wages of employees. 
Generally, lenders and trade and other creditors of the Issuer's subsidiaries are entitled to payment of their 
claims from the assets of such subsidiaries before these assets would be available for distribution to the 
Issuer, as direct or indirect shareholder, which would then allow for the Issuer to make payments under the 
Notes. Any debt that the Issuer's subsidiaries may incur in the future will also rank structurally senior to 
Notes issued under the Programme. 
A significant part of the Group's assets and revenues are generated by the Issuer's subsidiaries. The 
subsidiaries are legally separated from the Issuer and the subsidiaries' ability to make payments to the Issuer 
is restricted by, among other things, the availability of funds, corporate restrictions and local law. 
Furthermore, in the event of insolvency, liquidation or a similar event relating to one of the subsidiaries, all 
creditors of such subsidiary would be entitled to payment in full out of the assets of such subsidiary before 
any entity within the Group, as a shareholder, would be entitled to any payments. Thus, Notes issued under 
the Programme are structurally subordinated to the liabilities of the subsidiaries of the Issuer. 
The Notes will constitute unsecured obligations of the Issuer 
The Issuer's obligations under the Notes will be unsecured. Accordingly, any claims against the Issuer under 
the Notes would be unsecured claims. The Issuer's ability to pay such claims will depend upon, among 
other factors, its liquidity, overall financial strength and its ability and that of the Group's subsidiaries to

--- Page 27 ---
- 20 - 
generate cash flows, which could be affected by, inter alia, the circumstances described in these risk factors. 
Any such factors could affect the Issuer's ability to make payment of interest and principal under the Notes. 
The Terms and Conditions of the Notes may be modified 
The Terms and Conditions the Notes contain provisions for calling meetings of Noteholders to consider 
matters affecting their interests generally. These provisions permit defined majorities to bind all 
Noteholders including Noteholders who did not attend and vote at the relevant meeting and Noteholders 
who voted in a manner contrary to the majority. 
The Terms and Conditions of the Notes also provide that the Trustee may, without the consent of 
Noteholders, agree to (i) certain modifications of, or to the waiver or authorisation of any breach or 
proposed breach of, any of the provisions of Notes or (ii) the substitution of another company as principal 
debtor under any Notes in place of the Issuer or the Guarantor, in the circumstances described in Condition 
12 (Meetings of Noteholders: Modification, Waiver and Substitution). 
Notes where denominations involve integral multiples 
In relation to any issue of Notes which have denominations consisting of a minimum Specified 
Denomination plus one or more higher integral multiples of another smaller amount, it is possible that such 
Notes may be traded in amounts that are not integral multiples of such minimum Specified Denomination. 
In such a case a holder who, as a result of trading such amounts, holds an amount which is less than the 
minimum Specified Denomination in his account with the relevant clearing system at the relevant time may 
not receive a definitive bearer Note in respect of such holding (should definitive Notes be printed) and 
would need to purchase a principal amount of Notes such that its holding amounts to a Specified 
Denomination. 
If definitive Notes are issued, holders should be aware that definitive Notes which have a denomination 
that is not an integral multiple of the minimum Specified Denomination may be illiquid and difficult to 
trade. 
Change of law 
The Terms and Conditions of the Notes are based on English law in effect as at the date of issue of the 
relevant Notes. No assurance can be given as to the impact of any possible judicial decision or change to 
English law or administrative practice after the date of issue of the relevant Notes. 
Eligibility of the Notes for Eurosystem Monetary Policy 
The New Global Note form has been introduced to allow for the possibility of debt instruments to be held 
in a manner which will allow Eurosystem eligibility. This means that any such Notes are upon issue 
deposited with one of the international central securities depositories as common safekeeper and does not 
necessarily mean that such Notes will be recognised as eligible collateral for Eurosystem monetary policy 
and intra-day credit operations by the Eurosystem ("Eurosystem Eligible Collateral") either upon issue, 
or at any or all times during their life. Such recognition will depend upon satisfaction of the Eurosystem 
eligibility criteria and other obligations (including the provision of further information) as specified by the 
European Central Bank from time to time. The Issuer does not give any representation, warranty, 
confirmation or guarantee to any investor that such Notes will, either upon issue, or at any or all times 
during their life, satisfy all or any requirements for Eurosystem eligibility and be recognised as Eurosystem 
Eligible Collateral. Any potential investor in any such Notes should make their own conclusions and seek 
their own advice with respect to whether or not any such Notes constitute Eurosystem Eligible Collateral. 
Because the Global Notes and the Global Certificates are held by or on behalf of Euroclear and 
Clearstream, Luxembourg, investors will have to rely on their procedures for transfer, payment and 
communication with the Issuer 
Notes issued under the Programme may be represented by one or more Global Notes or Global Certificates. 
Such Global Notes or Global Certificates will be deposited with (in the case of a CGN or a Note not to be 
held under the NSS) a common depositary for Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg, or (in the case of 
NGN or a Note to be held under the NSS) Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg as common safekeeper. 
Except in the circumstances described in the relevant Global Note or Global Certificate, investors will not 
be entitled to receive Definitive Notes. Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg will maintain records of

--- Page 28 ---
- 21 - 
the beneficial interests in the Global Notes or Global Certificates. While the Notes are represented by one 
or more Global Notes or Global Certificates, investors will be able to trade their beneficial interests only 
through Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg. 
While the Notes are represented by one or more Global Notes or Global Certificates, the Issuer will 
discharge its payment obligations under the Notes by making payments to (in the case of CGN or a Note 
that is not to be held under the NSS) the common depositary for Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg, 
or (in the case of NGN or a Note that is to be held under the NSS) Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg 
as common safekeeper for distribution to their account holders. A holder of a beneficial interest in a Global 
Note or a Global Certificate must rely on the procedures of Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg to 
receive payments under the relevant Notes. The Issuer has no responsibility or liability for the records 
relating to, or payments made in respect of, beneficial interests in the Global Notes or the Global Registered 
Notes. 
Judgments entered against Swedish entities in the courts of a state which is not subject to the Brussels 
Regulations or the Lugano Convention may not be recognised or enforceable in Sweden 
A judgment entered against a company incorporated in Sweden in the courts of a state which is not, under 
the terms of (i) Regulation (EU) No. 1215/2012 of the European Parliament and of the Council of 12 
December 2012 on jurisdiction and the recognition and enforcement of judgments in civil and commercial 
matters (the "2012 Brussels Regulation") or (ii) the Convention on jurisdiction and the recognition and 
enforcement of judgments in civil and commercial matters made at Lugano on 30 October 2007 (the 
"Lugano Convention"), a Member State (as defined in the 2012 Brussels Regulation) or a Contracting 
State (as defined in the Lugano Convention), would not be recognised or enforceable in Sweden as a matter 
of law without a retrial on its merits (but will be of persuasive authority as a matter of evidence before the 
courts of law, administrative tribunals or executive or other public authorities of Sweden).  
Uncertainty regarding whether English court judgments relating to the Notes would be enforceable in 
Sweden 
As of the date hereof, the only treaty providing for reciprocal recognition and enforcement of judgments 
rendered in connection with civil and commercial disputes between the United Kingdom and Sweden is the 
Hague Convention of 30 June 2005 on Choice of Court Agreements (the "Hague Convention"). Pursuant 
to the provisions of the Hague Convention, a judgment entered against a Swedish entity in the courts of a 
Contracting State (as defined in the Hague Convention) and which is enforceable in such Contracting State, 
will be directly enforceable in Sweden only upon the satisfaction of certain requirements, one of which is 
that the relevant judgment relates to an agreement which includes an exclusive choice of court provision 
(as described in the Hague Convention). As such, a judgement entered against the Issuer based on an 
asymmetric jurisdiction clause (i.e. a jurisdiction clause which is non-exclusive), as is the case in relation 
to the terms and conditions of the Notes, is likely to fall outside of the application of the Hague Convention 
and would most likely not be recognised or enforceable in Sweden as a matter of right without a retrial on 
its merits. As a result, a final judgment in the courts of England or in any other jurisdiction which does not 
have an applicable treaty with Sweden providing for reciprocal recognition and enforcement of judgments 
relating to the Notes, would most likely not be enforceable in Sweden. 
Risks related to the market generally 
Set out below is a brief description of certain market risks, including liquidity risk, exchange rate risk, 
interest rate risk and credit risk. 
There is no active trading market for the Notes and the nature of any trading market that may develop 
may not be favourable. 
Notes may have no established trading market when issued, and one may never develop. If a market for the 
Notes does develop (for example, because the Issuer makes a large allocation to a limited number of 
investors), it may not be liquid and may be sensitive to changes in financial markets. Therefore, investors 
may not be able to sell their Notes easily or at prices that will provide them with a yield comparable to 
similar investments that have a developed secondary market. There is no assurance as to the liquidity of the 
trading market for the Notes. Even if an active trading market for the Notes develops, the Notes may trade 
at a discount from their initial offering price. Factors that could cause the Notes to trade at a discount 
include:

--- Page 29 ---
- 22 - 
(i) 
an increase in prevailing interest rates; 
(ii) 
a decline in the Issuer's creditworthiness; 
(iii) 
currency volatility; 
(iv) 
a weakness in the market for similar securities; 
(v) 
a decline in general economic conditions; 
(vi) 
actual or anticipated fluctuations in the Group's operating results; and 
(vii) 
the Group's perceived business prospects. 
This is particularly the case should the Issuer be in financial distress, which may result in any sale of the 
Notes having to be at a substantial discount to their principal amount or for Notes that are especially 
sensitive to interest rate, currency or market risks, are designed for specific investment objectives or 
strategies or have been structured to meet the investment requirements of limited categories of investors. 
These types of Notes generally would have a more limited secondary market and more price volatility than 
conventional debt securities. Illiquidity may have a severely adverse effect on the market value of Notes. 
Exchange rate risks 
The Issuer will pay principal and interest on the Notes in the Specified Currency. This presents certain risks 
relating to currency conversions if an investor's financial activities are denominated principally in a 
currency or currency unit (the "Investor's Currency") other than the Specified Currency. These include 
the risk that exchange rates may significantly change (including changes due to devaluation of the Specified 
Currency or revaluation of the Investor's Currency) and the risk that authorities with jurisdiction over the 
Investor's Currency may impose or modify exchange controls. An appreciation in the value of the Investor's 
Currency relative to the Specified Currency would decrease (i) the Investor's Currency-equivalent yield on 
the Notes, (ii) the Investor's Currency-equivalent value of the principal payable on the Notes and (iii) the 
Investor's Currency-equivalent market value of the Notes. 
Government and monetary authorities may impose (as some have done in the past) exchange controls that 
could adversely affect an applicable exchange rate or the ability of the Issuer to make payments in respect 
of the Notes. As a result, investors may receive less interest or principal than expected, or no interest or 
principal. 
Interest rate risks 
Investment in Fixed Rate Notes involves the risk that if market interest rates subsequently increase above 
the relevant rate paid on the Fixed Rate Notes, this will adversely affect the value of the Fixed Rate Notes. 
Credit ratings may not reflect all risks 
One or more independent credit rating agencies may assign credit ratings to the Issuer or the Notes. The 
ratings may not reflect the potential impact of all risks related to structure, market, additional factors 
discussed above, and other factors that may affect the value of the Notes. A credit rating is not a 
recommendation to buy, sell or hold securities and may be revised, suspended or withdrawn by the rating 
agency at any time. 
In general, European regulated investors are restricted under the EU CRA Regulation from using credit 
ratings for regulatory purposes, unless such ratings are issued by a credit rating agency established in the 
EU and registered under the EU CRA Regulation (and such registration has not been withdrawn or 
suspended, subject to transitional provisions that apply in certain circumstances). Such general restriction 
will also apply in the case of credit ratings issued by non-EU credit rating agencies, unless the relevant 
credit ratings are endorsed by an EU-registered credit rating agency or the relevant non-EU rating agency 
is certified in accordance with the EU CRA Regulation (and such endorsement action or certification, as 
the case may be, has not been withdrawn or suspended, subject to transitional provisions that apply in 
certain circumstances). The list of registered and certified rating agencies published by the ESMA on its 
website in accordance with the EU CRA Regulation is not conclusive evidence of the status of the relevant 
rating agency included in such list, as there may be delays between certain supervisory measure being taken

--- Page 30 ---
- 23 - 
against a relevant rating agency and the publication of the updated ESMA list. Certain information with 
respect to the credit rating agencies and ratings will be disclosed in the Final Terms if applicable. 
Investors regulated in the UK are subject to similar restrictions under the UK CRA Regulation. As such, 
UK regulated investors are required to use for UK regulatory purposes ratings issued by a credit rating 
agency established in the UK and registered under the UK CRA Regulation. In the case of ratings issued 
by third country non-UK credit rating agencies, third country credit ratings can either be: (a) endorsed by 
a UK registered credit rating agency; or (b) issued by a third country credit rating agency that is certified 
in accordance with the UK CRA Regulation. In each case, this is subject to (i) the relevant UK registration, 
certification or endorsement, as the case may be, not having been withdrawn or suspended, and (ii) 
transitional provisions that apply in certain circumstances. Furthermore, in the case of third country ratings, 
for a certain limited period of time, transitional relief accommodates continued use for regulatory purposes 
in the UK, of existing pre-2021 ratings, provided the relevant conditions are satisfied. 
If the status of the rating agency rating the Notes changes for the purposes of the EU CRA Regulation or 
the UK CRA Regulation, relevant regulated investors may no longer be able to use the rating for regulatory 
purposes in the EU or the UK, as applicable, and the Notes may have a different regulatory treatment, which 
may impact the value of the Notes and their liquidity in the secondary market. 
Inflation risk 
The value of future payments of interest and principal may be reduced as a result of inflation as the real 
rate of interest on an investment in the Notes will be reduced by rising inflation rates and may be negative 
if the inflation rate rises above the nominal rate of interest on the Notes.

--- Page 31 ---
- 24 - 
TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THE NOTES 
The following is the text of the terms and conditions that, subject to completion in accordance with the 
provisions of Part A of the relevant Final Terms, shall be applicable to the Notes in definitive form (if any) 
issued in exchange for the Global Note(s) or Global Certificate(s) representing each Series. Either (i) the 
full text of these terms and conditions together with the relevant provisions of Part A of the Final Terms or 
(ii) these terms and conditions as so completed, amended, supplemented or varied (and subject to 
simplification by the deletion of non-applicable provisions), shall be endorsed on such Bearer Notes or on 
the Certificates relating to such Registered Notes. Those definitions will be endorsed on the definitive Notes 
or Certificates, as the case may be. References in the Conditions to "Notes" are to the Notes of one Series 
only, not to all Notes that may be issued under the Programme. 
Notes issued under the Programme are issued in series (each a "Series") and each Series may comprise one 
or more tranches (each a "Tranche") of Notes. Each Tranche is the subject of a final terms (the "Final 
Terms") which completes these terms and conditions (the "Conditions"). The Notes are constituted by a 
Trust Deed (as amended or supplemented as at the date of issue of the Notes (the "Issue Date"), the "Trust 
Deed") dated 1 June 2022 between the Issuer and Deutsche Trustee Company Limited (the "Trustee", 
which expression shall include all persons for the time being the trustee or trustees under the Trust Deed) 
as trustee for the Noteholders (as defined below). These Conditions include summaries of, and are subject 
to, the detailed provisions of the Trust Deed, which includes the form of the Bearer Notes, Certificates, 
Coupons and Talons referred to below. An Agency Agreement (as amended or supplemented as at the Issue 
Date, the "Agency Agreement") dated 16 May 2018 has been entered into in relation to the Notes between 
the Issuer, the Trustee, Deutsche Bank AG, London Branch as initial issuing and paying agent and the other 
agents named in it. The issuing and paying agent, the other paying agents, the registrar, the transfer agents 
and the calculation agent(s) for the time being (if any) are referred to below respectively as the "Issuing 
and Paying Agent", the "Paying Agents" (which expression shall include the Issuing and Paying Agent), 
the "Registrar", the "Transfer Agents" (which expression shall include the Registrar) and the 
"Calculation Agent(s)" (the Paying Agents, the Transfer Agents and the Calculation Agent(s) together, the 
"Agents"). Copies of the Trust Deed and the Agency Agreement are available for inspection either 
electronically upon request or during usual business hours at the principal office of the Trustee (presently 
at Winchester House, 1 Great Winchester Street, London EC2N 2DB, United Kingdom) and at the specified 
offices of the Paying Agents and the Transfer Agents. 
The Noteholders, the holders of the interest coupons (the "Coupons") relating to interest bearing Notes in 
bearer form and, where applicable in the case of such Notes, talons for further Coupons (the "Talons") (the 
"Couponholders") are entitled to the benefit of, are bound by, and are deemed to have notice of, all the 
provisions of the Trust Deed and are deemed to have notice of those provisions applicable to them of the 
Agency Agreement. 
As used in these Conditions, "Tranche" means Notes which are identical in all respects. 
1. 
Form, Denomination and Title 
The Notes are issued in bearer form ("Bearer Notes") or in registered form ("Registered Notes") 
in each case in the Specified Denomination(s) shown hereon. 
This Note is a Fixed Rate Note, a Floating Rate Note, a Zero Coupon Note or a combination of any 
of the foregoing, depending upon the interest and redemption/payment basis shown hereon. 
Bearer Notes are serially numbered and are issued with Coupons (and, where appropriate, a Talon) 
attached, save in the case of Zero Coupon Notes in which case references to interest (other than in 
relation to interest due after the Maturity Date), Coupons and Talons in these Conditions are not 
applicable. 
Registered Notes are represented by registered certificates ("Certificates") and, save as provided 
in Condition 2(c), each Certificate shall represent the entire holding of Registered Notes by the 
same holder. 
Title to the Bearer Notes and the Coupons and Talons shall pass by delivery. Title to the Registered 
Notes shall pass by registration in the register that the Issuer shall procure to be kept by the 
Registrar in accordance with the provisions of the Agency Agreement (the "Register"). Except as

--- Page 32 ---
- 25 - 
ordered by a court of competent jurisdiction or as required by law, the holder (as defined below) 
of any Note, Coupon or Talon shall be deemed to be and may be treated as its absolute owner for 
all purposes whether or not it is overdue and regardless of any notice of ownership, trust or an 
interest in it, any writing on it (or on the Certificate representing it) or its theft or loss (or that of 
the related Certificate) and no person shall be liable for so treating the holder. 
In these Conditions, "Noteholder" means the bearer of any Bearer Note or the person in whose 
name a Registered Note is registered (as the case may be), "holder" (in relation to a Note, Coupon 
or Talon) means the bearer of any Bearer Note, Coupon or Talon or the person in whose name a 
Registered Note is registered (as the case may be) and capitalised terms have the meanings given 
to them hereon, the absence of any such meaning indicating that such term is not applicable to the 
Notes. 
2. 
No Exchange of Notes and Transfers of Registered Notes 
(a) 
No Exchange of Notes: Registered Notes may not be exchanged for Bearer Notes. Bearer 
Notes of one Specified Denomination may not be exchanged for Bearer Notes of another 
Specified Denomination. Bearer Notes may not be exchanged for Registered Notes. 
(b) 
Transfer of Registered Notes: One or more Registered Notes may be transferred upon the 
surrender (at the specified office of the Registrar or any Transfer Agent) of the Certificate 
representing such Registered Notes to be transferred, together with the form of transfer 
endorsed on such Certificate, (or another form of transfer substantially in the same form 
and containing the same representations and certifications (if any), unless otherwise 
agreed by the Issuer), duly completed and executed and any other evidence as the Registrar 
or Transfer Agent may reasonably require. In the case of a transfer of part only of a holding 
of Registered Notes represented by one Certificate, a new Certificate shall be issued to the 
transferee in respect of the part transferred and a further new Certificate in respect of the 
balance of the holding not transferred shall be issued to the transferor. All transfers of 
Notes and entries on the Register will be made subject to the detailed regulations 
concerning transfers of Notes scheduled to the Agency Agreement. The regulations may 
be changed by the Issuer, with the prior written approval of the Registrar and the Trustee. 
A copy of the current regulations will be made available by the Registrar to any Noteholder 
upon request. 
(c) 
Exercise of Options or Partial Redemption in Respect of Registered Notes: In the case 
of an exercise of an Issuer's or Noteholders' option in respect of, or a partial redemption 
of, a holding of Registered Notes represented by a single Certificate, a new Certificate 
shall be issued to the holder to reflect the exercise of such option or in respect of the 
balance of the holding not redeemed. In the case of a partial exercise of an option resulting 
in Registered Notes of the same holding having different terms, separate Certificates shall 
be issued in respect of those Notes of that holding that have the same terms. New 
Certificates shall only be issued against surrender of the existing Certificates to the 
Registrar or any Transfer Agent. In the case of a transfer of Registered Notes to a person 
who is already a holder of Registered Notes, a new Certificate representing the enlarged 
holding shall only be issued against surrender of the Certificate representing the existing 
holding. 
(d) 
Delivery of New Certificates: Each new Certificate to be issued pursuant to Conditions 
2(b) or (c) shall be available for delivery within three business days of receipt of the form 
of transfer or Exercise Notice (as defined in Condition 7(e)) and surrender of the 
Certificate for exchange. Delivery of the new Certificate(s) shall be made at the specified 
office of the Transfer Agent or of the Registrar (as the case may be) to whom delivery or 
surrender of such form of transfer, Exercise Notice or Certificate shall have been made or, 
at the option of the holder making such delivery or surrender as aforesaid and as specified 
in the relevant form of transfer, Exercise Notice or otherwise in writing, be mailed by 
uninsured post at the risk of the holder entitled to the new Certificate to such address as 
may be so specified, unless such holder requests otherwise and pays in advance to the 
relevant Transfer Agent the costs of such other method of delivery and/or such insurance 
as it may specify. In this Condition 2(d), "business day" means a day, other than a

--- Page 33 ---
- 26 - 
Saturday or Sunday, on which banks are open for business in the place of the specified 
office of the relevant Transfer Agent or the Registrar (as the case may be). 
(e) 
Transfers Free of Charge: Transfers of Notes and Certificates on registration, transfer, 
exercise of an option or partial redemption shall be effected without charge by or on behalf 
of the Issuer, the Registrar or the Transfer Agents, but upon payment of any tax or other 
governmental charges that may be imposed in relation to it (or the giving of such 
indemnity as the Registrar or the relevant Transfer Agent may require). 
(f) 
Closed Periods: No Noteholder may require the transfer of a Registered Note to be 
registered (i) during the period of 15 days prior to any date on which Notes may be called 
for redemption by the Issuer at its option pursuant to Condition 7(d), (ii) after any such 
Note has been called for redemption or (iii) during the period of seven days ending on 
(and including) any Record Date. 
3. 
Status 
The Notes and any Coupons relating to them constitute (subject to Condition 4) unsecured 
obligations of the Issuer and shall at all times rank pari passu and without any preference among 
themselves. The payment obligations of the Issuer under the Notes and any Coupons relating to 
them shall, save for such exceptions as may be provided by applicable legislation and subject to 
Condition 4, at all times rank at least equally with all other unsecured and unsubordinated 
obligations of the Issuer, present and future. 
4. 
Negative Pledge 
So long as any of the Notes remains outstanding, the Issuer undertakes that it will not, and it will 
procure that none of its Material Subsidiaries will, create, assume or permit to subsist, as security 
for any Financial Indebtedness, any Security other than any Permitted Security upon, or with 
respect to, the whole or any part of any of its present or future business, undertaking, assets or 
revenues (including any uncalled capital), unless, in any such case, the Issuer and/or the relevant 
Material Subsidiary, as the case may be, shall simultaneously with, or prior to, the creation or 
assumption of such Security and, in any other case, promptly, take any and all action necessary to 
procure that all amounts payable under the Notes by the Issuer are secured equally and rateably 
therewith to the satisfaction of the Trustee or that such other Security is provided or such other 
arrangement (whether or not including the giving of Security) is made as the Trustee shall, in its 
absolute discretion, deem not materially less beneficial to the interests of the Noteholders or as 
shall be approved by an Extraordinary Resolution (as defined in the Trust Deed) of the Noteholders. 
5. 
Limitation of Indebtedness 
(a) 
Limitation of Indebtedness: So long as any of the Notes remain outstanding, the Issuer 
undertakes that it will not, and will procure that none of its Material Subsidiaries will, after 
the Issue Date, incur any additional Financial Indebtedness (except for any Permitted 
Financial Indebtedness) if, on the date of the incurrence of such additional Financial 
Indebtedness (the "Incurrence Date"), immediately after giving effect to the incurrence 
of such additional Financial Indebtedness (taking into account the application of the net 
proceeds of such incurrence) the Interest Cover Ratio would be less than 2.0 to 1.0 (the 
"Limitation of Indebtedness Covenant"). 
(b) 
Suspension of Limitation of Indebtedness: If on any date following the Issue Date of the 
first Tranche of the Notes: 
(i) 
the Issuer receives an Investment Grade Rating from any Rating Agency; and 
(ii) 
no Event of Default (as defined in Condition 11) has occurred and is continuing 
under these Conditions (the foregoing conditions in (i) and (ii) being referred to 
collectively as the "Suspension Condition"), 
then, beginning on that day, and subject to the provisions of Condition 5(c), Condition 
5(a) of these Conditions will cease to be effective and will not be applicable to the Issuer 
and its Material Subsidiaries.

--- Page 34 ---
- 27 - 
(c) 
Reinstatement: Notwithstanding the foregoing, if the Issuer and its Material Subsidiaries 
are not subject to the Limitation of Indebtedness Covenant with respect to the Notes for 
any period of time as a result of the Suspension Condition having been met and, 
subsequently, the Issuer ceases to have an Investment Grade Rating from any Rating 
Agency, then the Issuer and its Material Subsidiaries will again be subject to the Limitation 
of Indebtedness Covenant in Condition 5(a). Notwithstanding the foregoing, in the event 
of any such reinstatement of the Limitation of Indebtedness Covenant in Condition 5(a), 
no action taken or omitted to be taken by the Issuer or any Material Subsidiary prior to 
such reinstatement will give rise to any default or event of default under these Conditions, 
and all Financial Indebtedness incurred during the period (the "Suspension Period") from 
an Investment Grade Status Commencement Date to the relevant Investment Grade Status 
End Date, will be classified to have been incurred pursuant to clause (c) of the definition 
of "Permitted Financial Indebtedness". In addition, in the event of any such reinstatement, 
the Issuer and its Material Subsidiaries will be permitted, without causing a default or 
event of default under these Conditions, to honour any contractual commitments or take 
any actions, as long as the contractual commitments were entered into during the 
Suspension Period and not in anticipation of the occurrence of an Investment Grade Status 
End Date. 
6. 
Interest and other Calculations 
(a) 
Interest on Fixed Rate Notes: Each Fixed Rate Note bears interest on its outstanding 
nominal amount from the Interest Commencement Date at the rate per annum (expressed 
as a percentage) equal to the Rate of Interest, such interest being payable in arrear on each 
Interest Payment Date. The amount of interest payable shall be determined in accordance 
with Condition 6(f). 
(b) 
Interest on Floating Rate Notes: 
(i) 
Interest Payment Dates: Each Floating Rate Note bears interest on its outstanding 
nominal amount from the Interest Commencement Date at the rate per annum 
(expressed as a percentage) equal to the Rate of Interest, such interest being 
payable in arrear on each Interest Payment Date. The amount of interest payable 
shall be determined in accordance with Condition 6(f). Such Interest Payment 
Date(s) is/are either shown hereon as Specified Interest Payment Dates or, if no 
Specified Interest Payment Date(s) is/are shown hereon, Interest Payment Date 
shall mean each date which falls the number of months or other period shown 
hereon as the Interest Period after the preceding Interest Payment Date or, in the 
case of the first Interest Payment Date, after the Interest Commencement Date. 
(ii) 
Business Day Convention: If any date referred to in these Conditions that is 
specified to be subject to adjustment in accordance with a Business Day 
Convention would otherwise fall on a day that is not a Business Day, then, if the 
business day convention (the "Business Day Convention") specified is (A) the 
floating rate business day convention (the "Floating Rate Business Day 
Convention"), such date shall be postponed to the next day that is a Business Day 
unless it would thereby fall into the next calendar month, in which event (x) such 
date shall be brought forward to the immediately preceding Business Day and (y) 
each subsequent such date shall be the last Business Day of the month in which 
such date would have fallen had it not been subject to adjustment, (B) the 
following business day convention (the "Following Business Day Convention"), 
such date shall be postponed to the next day that is a Business Day, (C) the 
modified following business day convention (the "Modified Following Business 
Day Convention"), such date shall be postponed to the next day that is a Business 
Day unless it would thereby fall into the next calendar month, in which event such 
date shall be brought forward to the immediately preceding Business Day or 
(D) the preceding business day convention (the "Preceding Business Day 
Convention"), such date shall be brought forward to the immediately preceding 
Business Day.

--- Page 35 ---
- 28 - 
(iii) 
Rate of Interest: The Rate of Interest in respect of Floating Rate Notes for each 
Interest Accrual Period shall be determined in accordance with the Screen Rate 
Determination provisions below. 
(A) 
Screen Rate Determination 
(x) 
Where Screen Rate Determination is specified hereon as the 
manner in which the Rate of Interest is to be determined, the 
Rate of Interest for each Interest Accrual Period will, subject as 
provided below, be either: 
(1) 
the offered quotation; or 
(2) 
the arithmetic mean of the offered quotations, 
(expressed as a percentage rate per annum) for the Reference 
Rate which appears or appear, as the case may be, on the 
Relevant Screen Page as at either 11.00 a.m. (Brussels time in 
the case of EURIBOR or Stockholm time in the case of 
STIBOR) on the Interest Determination Date in question as 
determined by the Calculation Agent. If five or more of such 
offered quotations are available on the Relevant Screen Page, 
the highest (or, if there is more than one such highest quotation, 
one only of such quotations) and the lowest (or, if there is more 
than one such lowest quotation, one only of such quotations) 
shall be disregarded by the Calculation Agent for the purpose of 
determining the arithmetic mean of such offered quotations. 
(y) 
if the Relevant Screen Page is not available or if, sub-paragraph 
(x)(1) applies and no such offered quotation appears on the 
Relevant Screen Page or if sub-paragraph (x)(2) above applies 
and fewer than three such offered quotations appear on the 
Relevant Screen Page in each case as at the time specified above, 
subject as provided below, the Issuer (or an independent 
investment bank, commercial bank or stockbroker appointed by 
the Issuer) shall request, (i) if the Reference Rate is EURIBOR, 
the principal Euro-zone office of each of the Reference Banks or 
(ii) if the Reference Rate is STIBOR, the principal Swedish 
office of each of the Reference Banks to provide the Calculation 
Agent with its offered quotation (expressed as a percentage rate 
per annum) for the Reference Rate if the Reference Rate is 
EURIBOR, at approximately 11.00 a.m. (Brussels time) or, if 
the Reference Rate is STIBOR, at approximately 11.00 a.m. 
(Stockholm time) on the Interest Determination Date in 
question. If two or more of the Reference Banks provide the 
Calculation Agent with such offered quotations, the Rate of 
Interest for such Interest Accrual Period shall be the arithmetic 
mean of such offered quotations as determined by the 
Calculation Agent; and 
(z) 
if paragraph (y) above applies and the Issuer (or an independent 
investment bank, commercial bank or stockbroker appointed by 
the Issuer) determines that fewer than two Reference Banks are 
providing offered quotations, subject as provided below, the 
Rate of Interest shall be the arithmetic mean of the rates per 
annum (expressed as a percentage) as communicated to the 
Calculation Agent (at the request of the Issuer (or an 
independent investment bank, commercial bank or stockbroker 
appointed by the Issuer)) by the Reference Banks or any two or 
more of them, at which such banks were offered, if the Reference 
Rate is EURIBOR, at approximately 11.00 a.m. (Brussels time)

--- Page 36 ---
- 29 - 
or, if the Reference Rate is STIBOR, at approximately 11.00 
a.m. (Stockholm time) on the relevant Interest Determination 
Date, deposits in the Specified Currency for a period equal to 
that which would have been used for the Reference Rate by 
leading banks in, if the Reference Rate is EURIBOR, the Euro-
zone inter-bank market, or, if the Reference Rate is STIBOR, the 
Swedish inter-bank market, as the case may be, or, if fewer than 
two of the Reference Banks provide the Calculation Agent with 
such offered rates, the offered rate for deposits in the Specified 
Currency for a period equal to that which would have been used 
for the Reference Rate, or the arithmetic mean of the offered 
rates for deposits in the Specified Currency for a period equal to 
that which would have been used for the Reference Rate, at 
which, if the Reference Rate is EURIBOR, at approximately 
11.00 a.m. (Brussels time) or, if the Reference Rate is STIBOR, 
at approximately 11.00 a.m. (Stockholm time) on the relevant 
Interest Determination Date, any one or more banks (which bank 
or banks is or are in the opinion of the Issuer suitable for such 
purpose) informs the Issuer it is quoting to leading banks in, if 
the Reference Rate is EURIBOR, the Euro-zone inter-bank 
market or, if the Reference Rate is STIBOR, the Swedish inter-
bank market, as the case may be, provided that, if the Rate of 
Interest cannot be determined in accordance with the foregoing 
provisions of this paragraph, the Rate of Interest shall be 
determined as at the last preceding Interest Determination Date 
(though substituting, where a different Margin or Maximum or 
Minimum Rate of Interest is to be applied to the relevant Interest 
Accrual Period from that which applied to the last preceding 
Interest Accrual Period, the Margin or Maximum or Minimum 
Rate of Interest relating to the relevant Interest Accrual Period, 
in place of the Margin or Maximum or Minimum Rate of Interest 
relating to that last preceding Interest Accrual Period). 
(B) 
Linear Interpolation 
Where Linear Interpolation is specified hereon as applicable in respect 
of an Interest Accrual Period, the Rate of Interest for such Interest 
Accrual Period shall be calculated by the Calculation Agent by straight 
line linear interpolation by reference to two rates based on the relevant 
Reference Rate, one of which shall be determined as if the Applicable 
Maturity were the period of time for which rates are available next shorter 
than the length of the relevant Interest Accrual Period and the other of 
which shall be determined as if the Applicable Maturity were the period 
of time for which rates are available next longer than the length of the 
relevant Interest Accrual Period provided however that if there is no 
rate available for the period of time next shorter or, as the case may be, 
next longer, then the Calculation Agent shall determine such rate at such 
time and by reference to such sources as it determines appropriate. 
"Applicable Maturity" means: the period of time designated in the 
Reference Rate. 
(c) 
Zero Coupon Notes: Where a Note the Interest Basis of which is specified to be a Zero 
Coupon Note is repayable prior to the Maturity Date and is not paid when due, the amount 
due and payable prior to the Maturity Date shall be the Early Redemption Amount of such 
Note. As from the Maturity Date, the Rate of Interest for any overdue principal of such a 
Note shall be a rate per annum (expressed as a percentage) equal to the Amortisation Yield 
(as described in Condition 7(b)(i)). 
(d) 
Accrual of Interest: Interest shall cease to accrue on each Note on the due date for 
redemption unless, upon due presentation, payment is improperly withheld or refused, in

--- Page 37 ---
- 30 - 
which event interest shall continue to accrue (both before and after judgment) at the Rate 
of Interest in the manner provided in this Condition 6 to the Relevant Date. 
(e) 
Margin, Maximum/Minimum Rates of Interest, Redemption Amounts and Rounding: 
(i) 
If any Margin is specified hereon (either (x) generally, or (y) in relation to one or 
more Interest Accrual Periods), an adjustment shall be made to all Rates of 
Interest, in the case of (x), or the Rates of Interest for the specified Interest Accrual 
Periods, in the case of (y), calculated in accordance with Condition 6(b) above by 
adding (if a positive number) or subtracting the absolute value (if a negative 
number) of such Margin, subject always to the next paragraph. 
(ii) 
If any Maximum or Minimum Rate of Interest or Redemption Amount is specified 
hereon, then any Rate of Interest or Redemption Amount shall be subject to such 
maximum or minimum, as the case may be. 
(iii) 
For the purposes of any calculations required pursuant to these Conditions (unless 
otherwise specified), (x) all percentages resulting from such calculations shall be 
rounded, if necessary, to the nearest one hundred-thousandth of a percentage point 
(with 0.000005 of a percentage point being rounded up), (y) all figures shall be 
rounded to seven significant figures (provided that if the eighth significant figure 
is a 5 or greater, the seventh significant shall be rounded up) and (z) all currency 
amounts that fall due and payable shall be rounded to the nearest unit of such 
currency (with half a unit being rounded up), save in the case of yen, which shall 
be rounded down to the nearest yen. For these purposes "unit" means the lowest 
amount of such currency that is available as legal tender in the countries of such 
currency. 
(f) 
Calculations: The amount of interest payable per Calculation Amount in respect of any 
Note for any Interest Accrual Period shall be equal to the product of the Rate of Interest, 
the Calculation Amount specified hereon, and the Day Count Fraction for such Interest 
Accrual Period, unless an Interest Amount (or a formula for its calculation) is applicable 
to such Interest Accrual Period, in which case the amount of interest payable per 
Calculation Amount in respect of such Note for such Interest Accrual Period shall equal 
such Interest Amount (or be calculated in accordance with such formula). Where any 
Interest Period comprises two or more Interest Accrual Periods, the amount of interest 
payable per Calculation Amount in respect of such Interest Period shall be the sum of the 
Interest Amounts payable in respect of each of those Interest Accrual Periods. In respect 
of any other period for which interest is required to be calculated, the provisions above 
shall apply save that the Day Count Fraction shall be for the period for which interest is 
required to be calculated. 
(g) 
Determination and Publication of Rates of Interest, Interest Amounts, Final 
Redemption Amounts, Early Redemption Amounts and Optional Redemption Amounts: 
The Calculation Agent shall, as soon as practicable on each Interest Determination Date, 
or such other time on such date as the Calculation Agent may be required to calculate any 
rate or amount, obtain any quotation or make any determination or calculation, determine 
such rate and calculate the Interest Amounts for the relevant Interest Accrual Period, 
calculate the Final Redemption Amount, Early Redemption Amount, Optional 
Redemption Amount (Call) or Optional Redemption Amount, obtain such quotation or 
make such determination or calculation, as the case may be, and cause the Rate of Interest 
and the Interest Amounts for each Interest Accrual Period and the relevant Interest 
Payment Date and, if required to be calculated, the Final Redemption Amount, Early 
Redemption Amount, Optional Redemption Amount (Call), Optional Redemption 
Amount to be notified to the Trustee, the Issuer, each of the Paying Agents, the 
Noteholders, any other Calculation Agent appointed in respect of the Notes that is to make 
a further calculation upon receipt of such information and, if the Notes are listed on a stock 
exchange and the rules of such exchange or other relevant authority so require, such 
exchange or other relevant authority as soon as possible after their determination but in no 
event later than (i) the commencement of the relevant Interest Period, if determined prior 
to such time, in the case of notification to such exchange of a Rate of Interest and Interest

--- Page 38 ---
- 31 - 
Amount, or (ii) in all other cases, the fourth Business Day after such determination. Where 
any Interest Payment Date or Interest Period Date is subject to adjustment pursuant to 
Condition 6(b)(ii), the Interest Amounts and the Interest Payment Date so published may 
subsequently be amended (or appropriate alternative arrangements made with the consent 
of the Trustee by way of adjustment) without notice in the event of an extension or 
shortening of the Interest Period. If the Notes become due and payable under Condition 
11, the accrued interest and the Rate of Interest payable in respect of the Notes shall 
nevertheless continue to be calculated as previously in accordance with this Condition but 
no publication of the Rate of Interest or the Interest Amount so calculated need be made 
unless the Trustee otherwise requires. The determination of any rate or amount, the 
obtaining of each quotation and the making of each determination or calculation by the 
Calculation Agent(s) shall (in the absence of manifest error) be final and binding upon all 
parties. 
(h) 
Calculation Agent: The Issuer shall procure that there shall at all times be one or more 
Calculation Agents if provision is made for them hereon and for so long as any Note is 
outstanding (as defined in the Trust Deed). Where more than one Calculation Agent is 
appointed in respect of the Notes, references in these Conditions to the Calculation Agent 
shall be construed as each Calculation Agent performing its respective duties under the 
Conditions. If the Calculation Agent is unable or unwilling to act as such or if the 
Calculation Agent fails duly to establish the Rate of Interest for an Interest Accrual Period 
or to calculate any Interest Amount, Final Redemption Amount, Early Redemption 
Amount, Optional Redemption Amount (Call) or Optional Redemption Amount, as the 
case may be, or to comply with any other requirement, the Issuer shall (with the prior 
written approval of the Trustee) appoint a leading bank or financial institution engaged in 
the interbank market (or, if appropriate, money, swap or over-the-counter index options 
market) that is most closely connected with the calculation or determination to be made 
by the Calculation Agent (acting through its principal London office or any other office 
actively involved in such market) to act as such in its place. The Calculation Agent may 
not resign its duties without a successor having been appointed as aforesaid. 
(i) 
Benchmark Discontinuation: 
(i) 
Independent Adviser 
If a Benchmark Event occurs in relation to an Original Reference Rate when any 
Rate of Interest (or any component part thereof) remains to be determined by 
reference to such Original Reference Rate, the Issuer shall use its reasonable 
endeavours to appoint and consult with an Independent Adviser, as soon as 
reasonably practicable, to advise the Issuer in determining a Successor Rate, 
failing which an Alternative Rate (in accordance with Condition 6(i)(ii)) and, in 
either case, an Adjustment Spread and any Benchmark Amendments (in 
accordance with Condition 6(i)(iv)). 
In making such determination, the Independent Adviser shall act in good faith and 
in a commercially reasonable manner as an expert and (in the absence of bad faith 
or fraud) shall have no liability whatsoever to the Issuer, the Trustee, the Paying 
Agents, the Noteholders or the Couponholders for any determination made by it 
or for any advice given to the Issuer in connection with any determination made 
by the Issuer, pursuant to this Condition 6(i). 
If (i) the Issuer is unable to appoint an Independent Adviser; or (ii) the Issuer fails 
to determine a Successor Rate or, failing which, an Alternative Rate in accordance 
with this Condition 6(i) prior to the relevant Interest Determination Date, the Rate 
of Interest applicable to the next succeeding Interest Accrual Period shall be equal 
to the Rate of Interest last determined in relation to the Notes in respect of the 
immediately preceding Interest Accrual Period. If there has not been a first 
Interest Payment Date, the Rate of Interest shall be the initial Rate of Interest. 
Where a different Margin or Maximum or Minimum Rate of Interest is to be 
applied to the relevant Interest Accrual Period from that which applied to the last 
preceding Interest Accrual Period, the Margin or Maximum or Minimum Rate of

--- Page 39 ---
- 32 - 
Interest relating to the relevant Interest Accrual Period shall be substituted in 
place of the Margin or Maximum or Minimum Rate of Interest relating to that last 
preceding Interest Accrual Period. For the avoidance of doubt, this paragraph 
shall apply to the relevant next succeeding Interest Accrual Period only and any 
subsequent Interest Accrual Periods are subject to the subsequent operation of, 
and to adjustment as provided in, the first paragraph of this Condition 6(i). 
(ii) 
Successor Rate or Alternative Rate 
If the Issuer, following consultation with the Independent Adviser, acting in good 
faith and in a commercially reasonable manner determines that: 
(A) 
there is a Successor Rate, then such Successor Rate and the applicable 
Adjustment Spread shall subsequently be used in place of the Original 
Reference Rate to determine the Rate of Interest (or the relevant 
component part thereof) for all future payments of interest on the Notes 
(subject to the operation of this Condition 6(i)); or 
(B) 
there is no Successor Rate but that there is an Alternative Rate, then such 
Alternative Rate and the applicable Adjustment Spread shall 
subsequently be used in place of the Original Reference Rate to 
determine the Rate of Interest (or the relevant component part thereof) 
for all future payments of interest on the Notes (subject to the operation 
of this Condition 6(i)). 
(iii) 
Adjustment Spread 
The Adjustment Spread (or the formula or methodology for determining, the 
Adjustment Spread) shall be applied to the Successor Rate or the Alternative Rate 
(as the case may be). 
(iv) 
Benchmark Amendments 
If any Successor Rate or Alternative Rate and, in either case, the applicable 
Adjustment Spread is determined in accordance with this Condition 6(i) and the 
Issuer, following consultation with the Independent Adviser and acting in good 
faith and in commercially reasonable manner determines (i) that amendments to 
these Conditions and/or the Trust Deed are necessary to ensure the proper 
operation of such Successor Rate or Alternative Rate and/or (in either case) the 
applicable 
Adjustment 
Spread 
(such 
amendments, 
the 
"Benchmark 
Amendments") and (ii) the terms of the Benchmark Amendments, then the Issuer 
shall, subject to giving notice thereof in accordance with Condition 6(i)(v), 
without any requirement for the consent or approval of Noteholders, vary these 
Conditions and/or the Trust Deed to give effect to such Benchmark Amendments 
with effect from the date specified in such notice. 
At the request of the Issuer, but subject to receipt by the Trustee of a certificate 
signed by two authorised signatories of the Issuer pursuant to Condition 6(i)(v), 
the Trustee shall (at the expense of the Issuer), without any requirement for the 
consent or approval of the Noteholders, be obliged to concur with the Issuer in 
effecting any Benchmark Amendments (including, inter alia, by the execution of 
a deed supplemental to or amending the Trust Deed), provided that the Trustee 
shall not be obliged so to concur if in the opinion of the Trustee doing so would 
impose more onerous obligations upon it or expose it to any additional duties, 
responsibilities or liabilities or reduce or amend the protective provisions afforded 
to the Trustee in these Conditions or the Trust Deed (including, for the avoidance 
of doubt, any supplemental trust deed) in any way. 
In connection with any such variation in accordance with this Condition 6(i)(iv), 
the Issuer shall comply with the rules of any stock exchange on which the Notes 
are for the time being listed or admitted to trading.

--- Page 40 ---
- 33 - 
(v) 
Notices, etc. 
Any Successor Rate, Alternative Rate, Adjustment Spread and the specific terms 
of any Benchmark Amendments, determined under this Condition 6(i) will be 
notified promptly by the Issuer to the Trustee, the Calculation Agent, the Paying 
Agents and, in accordance with Condition 18, the Noteholders. Such notice shall 
be irrevocable and shall specify the effective date of the Benchmark 
Amendments, if any. 
No later than notifying the Trustee of the same, the Issuer shall deliver to the 
Trustee a certificate signed by two authorised signatories of the Issuer confirming 
(a)(i) that a Benchmark Event has occurred, (ii) the Successor Rate or, as the case 
may be, the Alternative Rate, (iii) the applicable Adjustment Spread and (iv) the 
specific terms of the Benchmark Amendments (if any), in each case as determined 
in accordance with the provisions of this Condition 6(i), and (b) certifying that 
the Benchmark Amendments (if any) are, in the Issuer's opinion (following 
consultation with the Independent Adviser and acting in good faith), necessary to 
ensure the proper operation of such Successor Rate or Alternative Rate and (in 
either case) the applicable Adjustment Spread. 
The Trustee shall be entitled to rely on such certificate (without liability to any 
person) as sufficient evidence thereof. The Successor Rate or Alternative Rate 
and the Adjustment Spread and the Benchmark Amendments (if any) specified in 
such certificate will (in the absence of manifest error or bad faith in the 
determination of the Successor Rate or Alternative Rate and the Adjustment 
Spread and the Benchmark Amendments (if any) and without prejudice to the 
Trustee's ability to rely on such certificate as aforesaid) be binding on the Issuer, 
the Trustee, the Calculation Agent, the Paying Agents and the Noteholders. 
(vi) 
Survival of Original Reference Rate 
Without prejudice to the obligations of the Issuer under Conditions 6(i)(i), (ii), 
(iii) and (iv), the Original Reference Rate and the fallback provisions provided 
for in Conditions 6(b)(iii)(B)(y) and (z) will continue to apply unless and until a 
Benchmark Event has occurred. 
7. 
Redemption, Purchase and Options 
(a) 
Final Redemption: Unless previously redeemed, purchased and cancelled as provided 
below, each Note shall be finally redeemed on the Maturity Date specified hereon at its 
Final Redemption Amount (which, unless otherwise provided hereon, is its nominal 
amount). 
(b) 
Early Redemption: 
(i) 
Zero Coupon Notes: 
(A) 
The Early Redemption Amount payable in respect of any Zero Coupon 
Note upon redemption of such Note pursuant to Condition 7(c), 
Condition 7(d) or Condition 7(e) or upon it becoming due and payable as 
provided in Condition 11 shall be the amortised face amount (calculated 
as provided below) (the "Amortised Face Amount") of such Note unless 
otherwise specified hereon. 
(B) 
Subject to the provisions of sub-paragraph (C) below, the Amortised 
Face Amount of any such Note shall be the scheduled Final Redemption 
Amount of such Note on the Maturity Date discounted at a rate per 
annum (expressed as a percentage) equal to the Amortisation Yield 
(which, if none is shown hereon, shall be such rate as would produce an 
Amortised Face Amount equal to the issue price of the Notes if they were 
discounted back to their issue price on the Issue Date) compounded 
annually.

--- Page 41 ---
- 34 - 
(C) 
If the Early Redemption Amount payable in respect of any such Note 
upon its redemption pursuant to Condition 7(c), Condition 7(d) or 
Condition 7(e) or upon it becoming due and payable as provided in 
Condition 11 is not paid when due, the Early Redemption Amount due 
and payable in respect of such Note shall be the Amortised Face Amount 
of such Note as defined in sub-paragraph (B) above, except that such sub-
paragraph shall have effect as though the date on which the Note becomes 
due and payable were the Relevant Date. The calculation of the 
Amortised Face Amount in accordance with this sub-paragraph shall 
continue to be made (both before and after judgment) until the Relevant 
Date, unless the Relevant Date falls on or after the Maturity Date, in 
which case the amount due and payable shall be the scheduled Final 
Redemption Amount of such Note on the Maturity Date together with 
any interest that may accrue in accordance with Condition 6(c). 
Where such calculation is to be made for a period of less than one year, it shall be 
made on the basis of the Day Count Fraction shown hereon. 
(ii) 
Other Notes: The Early Redemption Amount payable in respect of any Note 
(other than Notes described in (i) above), upon redemption of such Note pursuant 
to Condition 7(c) or Condition 7(e) or upon it becoming due and payable as 
provided in Condition 11, shall be the Final Redemption Amount unless otherwise 
specified hereon. 
(c) 
Redemption for Taxation Reasons: The Notes may be redeemed at the option of the Issuer 
in whole, but not in part, on any Interest Payment Date (if this Note is a Floating Rate 
Note) or at any time (if this Note is not a Floating Rate Note), on giving not less than 30 
nor more than 60 days' notice to the Noteholders (which notice shall be irrevocable) at 
their Early Redemption Amount (as described in Condition 7(b) above) (together with 
interest accrued to the date fixed for redemption), if (i) the Issuer satisfies the Trustee 
immediately before the giving of such notice that it has or will become obliged to pay 
additional amounts as described under Condition 9 as a result of any change in, or 
amendment to, the laws or regulations of Sweden or any political subdivision or any 
authority thereof or therein having power to tax, or any change in the application or official 
interpretation of such laws or regulations (including a holding by a court of competent 
jurisdiction), which change or amendment becomes effective on or after the issue date of 
the first Tranche of the Notes, and (ii) such obligation cannot be avoided by the Issuer 
taking reasonable measures available to it, provided that no such notice of redemption 
shall be given earlier than 90 days prior to the earliest date on which the Issuer would be 
obliged to pay such additional amounts were a payment in respect of the Notes then due. 
Prior to the publication of any notice of redemption pursuant to this Condition 7(c), the 
Issuer shall deliver to the Trustee a certificate signed by two authorised signatories of the 
Issuer stating that the obligation referred to in (i) above cannot be avoided by the Issuer 
taking reasonable measures available to it and the Trustee shall be entitled to accept and 
rely without liability upon such certificate as sufficient evidence of the satisfaction of the 
condition precedent set out in (ii) above, in which event it shall be conclusive and binding 
on Noteholders and Couponholders. 
(d) 
Redemption at the Option of the Issuer: If Call Option is specified hereon, the Issuer may, 
on giving not less than 15 nor more than 30 days' irrevocable notice to the Noteholders (or 
such other notice period as may be specified hereon) (the "Call Option Notice") redeem 
all or, if so provided, some of the Notes on any Optional Redemption Date. Any such 
redemption of Notes shall be at their Optional Redemption Amount (Call), together with 
interest accrued to the date fixed for redemption. Any such redemption must relate to 
Notes of a nominal amount at least equal to the Minimum Redemption Amount to be 
redeemed specified hereon and no greater than the Maximum Redemption Amount to be 
redeemed specified hereon. 
All Notes in respect of which a Call Option Notice is given shall be redeemed on the date 
specified in the Call Option Notice in accordance with this Condition.

--- Page 42 ---
- 35 - 
In the case of a partial redemption the Call Option Notice shall also contain the certificate 
numbers of the Bearer Notes, or in the case of Registered Notes shall specify the nominal 
amount of Registered Notes drawn and the holder(s) of such Registered Notes, to be 
redeemed, which shall have been drawn in such place and in such manner as shall be 
reasonable and appropriate, subject to compliance with any applicable laws and stock 
exchange or other relevant authority requirements. 
The "Make Whole Redemption Price" will, in respect of any Note, be: 
(A) 
if "Sterling Make Whole Redemption Amount" is specified as being 
applicable in the relevant Final Terms, an amount equal to the higher of 
(i) 100 per cent. of the principal amount of such Note to be redeemed and 
(ii) the principal amount of such Note to be redeemed multiplied by the 
price (expressed as a percentage), as reported in writing to the Issuer by 
the Determination Agent, at which the Gross Redemption Yield on such 
Note at the Reference Date is equal to the Gross Redemption Yield at the 
Quotation Time on the Reference Date of the Reference Bond, plus the 
Redemption Margin (if any); or 
(B) 
if "Non-Sterling Make Whole Redemption Amount" is specified as 
being applicable in the relevant Final Terms, an amount equal to the 
higher of (i) 100 per cent. of the principal amount of such Note to be 
redeemed and (ii) the principal amount of such Note to be redeemed 
multiplied by the price (expressed as a percentage), as reported in writing 
to the Issuer by the Determination Agent, at which the yield to maturity 
(or, if Par Call Commitment Date is specified in the applicable Final 
Terms, to the Par Call Commencement Date) on such Note on the 
Reference Date is equal to the Reference Bond Rate at the Quotation 
Time on the Reference Date, plus the Redemption Margin (if any), 
all as determined by the Determination Agent. 
Where the Make-Whole Redemption Amount is specified in the Final Terms any such 
notice of redemption may, at the Issuer's discretion, be subject to one or more conditions 
precedent, in which case such notice shall state that, in the Issuer's discretion, the Optional 
Redemption Date (Call) may be delayed until such time as any or all such conditions shall 
be satisfied (or waived by the Issuer in its sole discretion), or such redemption may not 
occur and such notice may be rescinded in the event that any or all such conditions shall 
not have been satisfied (or waived by the Issuer in its sole discretion) by the Optional 
Redemption Date (Call), or by the Optional Redemption Date (Call) so delayed. The Issuer 
shall notified the Agents, the Trustee and the Noteholders no later than three business days 
in advance of the Optional Redemption Date (Call) that the Optional Redemption Date 
(Call) is delayed and as soon as practicable thereafter but no later than three business days 
in advance of such delayed Optional Redemption Date (Call) of any such delayed Optional 
Redemption Date (Call) and shall notify the Agents, the Trustee and the Noteholders of 
any such rescission of its notice of redemption no less than three business days prior to 
such Optional Redemption Date (Call) or Optional Redemption Date (Call) so delayed.  
(e) 
Redemption at the Option of Noteholders: If Put Option is specified hereon, the Issuer 
shall, at the option of the holder of any such Note, upon the holder of such Note giving 
not less than 15 nor more than 30 days' notice to the Issuer (or such other notice period as 
may be specified hereon) redeem such Note on the Optional Redemption Date(s) at its 
Optional Redemption Amount specified hereon (which may be the Early Redemption 
Amount (as described in Condition 7(b) above)), together with interest accrued to the date 
fixed for redemption. 
To exercise such option the holder must deposit (in the case of Bearer Notes) such Note 
(together with all unmatured Coupons and unexchanged Talons) with any Paying Agent 
or (in the case of Registered Notes) the Certificate representing such Note(s) with the 
Registrar or any Transfer Agent at its specified office, together with a duly completed 
option exercise notice ("Exercise Notice") in the form obtainable from any Paying Agent,

--- Page 43 ---
- 36 - 
the Registrar or any Transfer Agent (as applicable) within the notice period. No Note or 
Certificate so deposited and option exercised may be withdrawn (except as provided in 
the Agency Agreement) without the prior consent of the Issuer. 
(f) 
Redemption at the Option of Noteholders (Change of Control): If Change of Control Put 
Event is specified hereon and a Change of Control Put Event occurs, the holder of any 
such Note will have the option (a "Change of Control Put Option") (unless prior to the 
giving of the relevant Change of Control Put Event Notice the Issuer has given notice of 
redemption under Condition 7(c) or 7(d) above) to require the Issuer to redeem or, at the 
Issuer's option, purchase (or procure the purchase of) that Note on the Change of Control 
Put Date (as defined below) at its principal amount together with interest accrued to (but 
excluding) the Change of Control Put Date. 
A "Change of Control Put Event" will be deemed to occur if: 
(i) 
any person or any persons acting in concert (the "Relevant Person") acquire(s) 
(A) more than 50 per cent. of the issued or allotted ordinary share capital of the 
Issuer or (B) shares in the capital of the Issuer carrying more than 50 per cent. of 
the voting rights normally exercisable at a general meeting of the Issuer (each 
such event being, a "Change of Control"), provided that a Change of Control 
shall be deemed not to have occurred if all or substantially all of the shareholders 
of the Relevant Person are, or immediately prior to the event which would 
otherwise have constituted a Change of Control were, the shareholders of the 
Issuer with the same (or substantially the same) pro rata interest in the share 
capital of the Relevant Person as such shareholders have, or as the case may be, 
had in the share capital of the Issuer; 
(ii) 
on the date (the "Relevant Announcement Date") that is the earlier of (1) the 
date of the first public announcement of the relevant Change of Control and (2) 
the date of the earliest Relevant Potential Change of Control Announcement (if 
any), the Notes carry: 
(A) 
an investment grade credit rating (Baa3/BBB-, or their respective 
equivalents, or better), from any Rating Agency and such rating is, within 
the Change of Control Period, either downgraded to a non-investment 
grade credit rating (Ba1/BB+, or their respective equivalents, or worse) 
(a "Non-Investment Grade Rating") or withdrawn and is not, within 
the Change of Control Period, subsequently (in the case of a downgrade) 
upgraded or (in the case of a withdrawal) reinstated to an investment 
grade credit rating by such Rating Agency; or 
(B) 
a Non-Investment Grade Rating from any Rating Agency and such rating 
is, within the Change of Control Period, either downgraded by one or 
more rating categories (from Ba1 to Ba2 being or such similar lowering) 
or withdrawn and is not, within the Change of Control Period, 
subsequently (in the case of a downgrade) upgraded or (in the case of a 
withdrawal) reinstated to its earlier credit rating or better by such Rating 
Agency; or 
(C) 
no credit rating and a Negative Rating Event also occurs within the 
Change of Control Period, 
provided that if, on the Relevant Announcement Date, the Notes carry a credit 
rating from more than one Rating Agency, at least one of which is investment 
grade, then sub paragraph (A) will apply; and 
(iii) 
in making any decision to downgrade or withdraw a credit rating pursuant to 
paragraphs (A) and (B) above or not to award a credit rating of at least investment 
grade as described in paragraph (ii) of the definition of Negative Rating Event, 
the relevant Rating Agency announces publicly or confirms in writing to the 
Issuer that such decision(s) resulted, in whole or in part, from the occurrence of

--- Page 44 ---
- 37 - 
the Change of Control or the Relevant Potential Change of Control 
Announcement. 
If the rating designations employed by any of Moody's, Fitch or S&P are changed from 
those which are described in paragraph (ii) of the definition of "Change of Control Put 
Event" above, or if a rating is procured from a Substitute Rating Agency, the Issuer shall 
determine, the rating designations of Moody's, Fitch or S&P or such Substitute Rating 
Agency (as appropriate) as are most equivalent to the prior rating designations of Moody's, 
Fitch or S&P and this Condition 7(f) shall be construed accordingly. 
Promptly upon the Issuer becoming aware that a Change of Control Put Event has occurred 
the Issuer shall give notice (a "Change of Control Put Event Notice") to the Noteholders 
in accordance with Condition 18 specifying the nature of the Change of Control Put Event 
and the procedure for exercising the Change of Control Put Option. 
To exercise the Change of Control Put Option, the holder of a Bearer Note must deliver 
such Note to the specified office of any Paying Agent at any time during normal business 
hours of such Paying Agent falling within the period (the "Change of Control Put 
Period") of 30 days after a Change of Control Put Event Notice is given, accompanied by 
a duly signed and completed notice of exercise in the form (for the time being current) 
obtainable from the specified office of any Paying Agent (a "Change of Control Put 
Notice"). The Note should be delivered together with all Coupons appertaining thereto 
maturing after the date which is seven days after the expiration of the Change of Control 
Put Period (the "Change of Control Put Date"), failing which the Paying Agent will 
require payment from or on behalf of the Noteholder of an amount equal to the face value 
of any missing such Coupon. Any amount so paid will be reimbursed to the Noteholder 
against presentation and surrender of the relevant missing Coupon (or any replacement 
therefor issued pursuant to Condition 16) at any time after such payment, but before the 
expiry of the period of five years from the date on which such Coupon would have become 
due, but not thereafter. The Paying Agent to which such Note and Change of Control Put 
Notice are delivered will issue to the Noteholder concerned a non-transferable receipt in 
respect of the Note so delivered. Payment in respect of any Note so delivered will be made 
on the Change of Control Put Date by transfer to the bank account duly specified in the 
Change of Control Put Notice. A Change of Control Put Notice, once given, shall be 
irrevocable. For the purposes of these Conditions, receipts issued pursuant to this 
Condition 7(f) shall be treated as if they were Notes. 
To exercise the Change of Control Put Option, the holder of a Registered Note must 
deposit the Certificate evidencing such Note(s) with the Registrar or any Transfer Agent 
at its specified office, together with a duly signed and completed Change of Control Put 
Notice obtainable from the Registrar or any Transfer Agent within the Change of Control 
Put Period. No Certificate so deposited and option so exercised may be withdrawn without 
the prior consent of the Issuer. Payment in respect of any Certificate so deposited will be 
made on the Change of Control Put Date by transfer to the bank account duly specified in 
the Change of Control Put Notice. 
The Issuer shall redeem or purchase (or procure the purchase of) the relevant Notes on the 
Change of Control Put Date unless previously redeemed (or purchased) and cancelled. 
If 80 per cent. or more in principal amount of the Notes then outstanding have been 
redeemed or purchased pursuant to this Condition 7(f), the Issuer may, on giving not less 
than 30 nor more than 60 days' notice to the Noteholders (such notice being given within 
30 days after the Change of Control Put Date), redeem or purchase (or procure the 
purchase of), at its option, all but not some only of the remaining outstanding Notes at 
their principal amount, together with interest accrued to (but excluding) the date fixed for 
such redemption or purchase. 
The Trustee is under no obligation to ascertain whether a Change of Control Put Event or 
Change of Control or any event which could lead to the occurrence of or could constitute 
a Change of Control Put Event or Change of Control has occurred, and, until it shall have 
received written notice pursuant to the Trust Deed to the contrary, the Trustee may assume

--- Page 45 ---
- 38 - 
without liability that no Change of Control Put Event or Change of Control or other such 
event has occurred. 
(g) 
Purchases: The Issuer and its Subsidiaries as defined in the Trust Deed may at any time 
purchase Notes (provided that all unmatured Coupons and unexchanged Talons relating 
thereto are attached thereto or surrendered therewith) in the open market or otherwise at 
any price. 
(h) 
Cancellation: All Notes purchased by or on behalf of the Issuer or any of its Subsidiaries 
may be surrendered for cancellation, in the case of Bearer Notes, by surrendering each 
such Note together with all unmatured Coupons and all unexchanged Talons to the Issuing 
and Paying Agent and, in the case of Registered Notes, by surrendering the Certificate 
representing such Notes to the Registrar and, in each case, if so surrendered, shall, together 
with all Notes redeemed by the Issuer, be cancelled forthwith (together with all unmatured 
Coupons and unexchanged Talons attached thereto or surrendered therewith). Any Notes 
so surrendered for cancellation may not be reissued or resold and the obligations of the 
Issuer in respect of any such Notes shall be discharged. 
(i) 
Clean-Up Call Option: If Clean-Up Call Option is specified hereon and 80 per cent. or 
more in principal amount of the Notes originally issued (which shall for this purpose 
include any further Notes issued pursuant to Condition 17) have been redeemed (other 
than in accordance with Condition 7(d)) or purchased and cancelled, the Issuer may, on 
giving not less than 30 nor more than 60 days' notice to the Noteholders in accordance 
with Condition 18, redeem or, at the Issuer's option, purchase (or procure the purchase of) 
on any Interest Payment Date (if this Note is a Floating Rate Note) or at any time (if this 
Note is not a Floating Rate Note), all but not some only of the Notes then outstanding at 
the Clean-Up Redemption Amount specified hereon together with interest accrued (if any) 
to (but excluding) the date fixed for redemption. The notice referred to in the preceding 
sentence shall be irrevocable and shall specify the date fixed for redemption. 
8. 
Payments and Talons 
(a) 
Bearer Notes: Payments of principal and interest in respect of Bearer Notes shall, subject 
as mentioned below, be made against presentation and surrender of the relevant Notes (in 
the case of all payments of principal and, in the case of interest, as specified in Condition 
8(f)(v)) or Coupons (in the case of interest, save as specified in Condition 8(f)(ii)), as the 
case may be, at the specified office of any Paying Agent outside the United States by 
transfer to an account denominated in the relevant currency maintained by the payee with 
a Bank. 
(b) 
Registered Notes: 
(i) 
Payments of principal in respect of Registered Notes shall be made against 
presentation and surrender of the relevant Certificates at the specified office of 
any of the Transfer Agents or of the Registrar and in the manner provided in 
paragraph (ii) below. 
(ii) 
Interest on Registered Notes shall be paid to the person shown on the Register at 
the close of business on the fifteenth day before the due date for payment thereof 
(the "Record Date"). Payments of interest on each Registered Note shall be made 
in the relevant currency by transfer to an account in the relevant currency 
maintained by the payee with a Bank. 
(c) 
Payments in the United States: Notwithstanding the foregoing, if any Bearer Notes are 
denominated in U.S. dollars, payments in respect thereof may be made at the specified 
office of any Paying Agent in New York City in the same manner as aforesaid if (i) the 
Issuer shall have appointed Paying Agents with specified offices outside the United States 
with the reasonable expectation that such Paying Agents would be able to make payment 
of the amounts on the Notes in the manner provided above when due, (ii) payment in full 
of such amounts at all such offices is illegal or effectively precluded by exchange controls 
or other similar restrictions on payment or receipt of such amounts and (iii) such payment

--- Page 46 ---
- 39 - 
is then permitted by United States law, without involving, in the opinion of the Issuer, any 
adverse tax consequence to the Issuer. 
(d) 
Payments subject to Laws: All payments are subject in all cases to any applicable fiscal 
or other laws, regulations and directives in the place of payment, but without prejudice to 
the provisions of Condition 9. No commission or expenses shall be charged to the 
Noteholders or Couponholders in respect of such payments. 
(e) 
Appointment of Agents: The Issuing and Paying Agent, the Paying Agents, the Registrar, 
the Transfer Agents and the Calculation Agent initially appointed by the Issuer and their 
respective specified offices are listed below. The Issuing and Paying Agent, the Paying 
Agents, the Registrar, the Transfer Agents and the Calculation Agent act solely as agents 
of the Issuer and do not assume any obligation or relationship of agency or trust for or 
with any Noteholder or Couponholder. The Issuer reserves the right at any time with the 
prior written approval of the Trustee to vary or terminate the appointment of the Issuing 
and Paying Agent, any other Paying Agent, the Registrar, any Transfer Agent or the 
Calculation Agent(s) and to appoint additional or other Paying Agents or Transfer Agents, 
provided that the Issuer shall at all times maintain (i) an Issuing and Paying Agent, (ii) a 
Registrar in relation to Registered Notes, (iii) a Transfer Agent in relation to Registered 
Notes and (iv) one or more Calculation Agent(s) where the Conditions so require. 
In addition, the Issuer shall forthwith appoint a Paying Agent in New York City in respect 
of any Bearer Notes denominated in U.S. dollars in the circumstances described in 
paragraph (c) above. 
Notice of any such change or any change of any specified office shall promptly be given 
by the Issuer to the Noteholders. 
(f) 
Unmatured Coupons and unexchanged Talons: 
(i) 
Upon the due date for redemption of Bearer Notes which comprise Fixed Rate 
Notes, such Notes should be surrendered for payment together with all unmatured 
Coupons (if any) relating thereto, failing which an amount equal to the face value 
of each missing unmatured Coupon (or, in the case of payment not being made in 
full, that proportion of the amount of such missing unmatured Coupon that the 
sum of principal so paid bears to the total principal due) shall be deducted from 
the Final Redemption Amount, Early Redemption Amount, Optional Redemption 
Amount (Call), Optional Redemption Amount or Clean-Up Redemption Amount, 
as the case may be, due for payment. Any amount so deducted shall be paid in the 
manner mentioned above against surrender of such missing Coupon within a 
period of 10 years from the Relevant Date for the payment of such principal 
(whether or not such Coupon has become void pursuant to Condition 10). 
(ii) 
Upon the due date for redemption of any Bearer Note comprising a Floating Rate 
Note, unmatured Coupons relating to such Note (whether or not attached) shall 
become void and no payment shall be made in respect of them. 
(iii) 
Upon the due date for redemption of any Bearer Note, any unexchanged Talon 
relating to such Note (whether or not attached) shall become void and no Coupon 
shall be delivered in respect of such Talon. 
(iv) 
Where any Bearer Note that provides that the relative unmatured Coupons are to 
become void upon the due date for redemption of those Notes is presented for 
redemption without all unmatured Coupons, and where any Bearer Note is 
presented for redemption without any unexchanged Talon relating to it, 
redemption shall be made only against the provision of such indemnity as the 
Issuer may require. 
(v) 
If the due date for redemption of any Note is not a due date for payment of interest, 
interest accrued from the preceding due date for payment of interest or the Interest 
Commencement Date, as the case may be, shall only be payable against

--- Page 47 ---
- 40 - 
presentation (and surrender if appropriate) of the relevant Bearer Note or 
Certificate representing it, as the case may be. Interest accrued on a Note that only 
bears interest after its Maturity Date shall be payable on redemption of such Note 
against presentation of the relevant Note or Certificate representing it, as the case 
may be. 
(g) 
Talons: On or after the Interest Payment Date for the final Coupon forming part of a 
Coupon sheet issued in respect of any Bearer Note, the Talon forming part of such Coupon 
sheet may be surrendered at the specified office of the Issuing and Paying Agent in 
exchange for a further Coupon sheet (and if necessary another Talon for a further Coupon 
sheet) (but excluding any Coupons that may have become void pursuant to Condition 10). 
(h) 
Non-Business Days: If any date for payment in respect of any Note or Coupon is not a 
business day, the holder shall not be entitled to payment until the next following business 
day nor to any interest or other sum in respect of such postponed payment. In this 
paragraph, "business day" means a day (other than a Saturday or a Sunday) on which 
banks and foreign exchange markets are open for business in the relevant place of 
presentation, in such jurisdictions as shall be specified as "Financial Centres" hereon and: 
(i) 
(in the case of a payment in a currency other than euro) where payment is to be 
made by transfer to an account maintained with a bank in the relevant currency, 
on which foreign exchange transactions may be carried on in the relevant currency 
in the principal financial centre of the country of such currency or 
(ii) 
(in the case of a payment in euro) which is a TARGET Business Day. 
9. 
Taxation 
All payments of principal and interest by or on behalf of the Issuer in respect of the Notes and the 
Coupons shall be made free and clear of, and without withholding or deduction for, any taxes, 
duties, assessments or governmental charges of whatever nature imposed, levied, collected, 
withheld or assessed by Sweden or any authority therein or thereof having power to tax, unless 
such withholding or deduction is required by law. In that event, the Issuer shall pay such additional 
amounts as shall result in receipt by the Noteholders and Couponholders of such amounts as would 
have been received by them had no such withholding or deduction been required, except that no 
such additional amounts shall be payable with respect to any Note or Coupon: 
(a) 
Other connection: to, or to a third party on behalf of, a holder who is liable to such taxes, 
duties, assessments or governmental charges in respect of such Note or Coupon by reason 
of his having some connection with Sweden other than the mere holding of the Note or 
Coupon or 
(b) 
Presentation more than 30 days after the Relevant Date: presented (or in respect of which 
the Certificate representing it is presented) for payment more than 30 days after the 
Relevant Date except to the extent that the holder of it would have been entitled to such 
additional amounts on presenting it for payment on the thirtieth day. 
Notwithstanding any other provision of these Conditions, any amounts to be paid on the Notes and 
the Coupons by or on behalf of the Issuer will be paid net of any deduction or withholding imposed 
or required pursuant to an agreement described in Section 1471(b) of the U.S. Internal Revenue 
Code of 1986, as amended (the "Code"), or otherwise imposed pursuant to Section 1471 through 
1474 of the Code (or any regulations thereunder or official interpretations thereof) or an 
intergovernmental agreement between the United States and another jurisdiction facilitating the 
implementation thereof (or any fiscal or regulatory legislation, rules or practices implementing 
such an intergovernmental agreement) (any such withholding or deduction, a "FATCA 
Withholding"). Neither the Issuer nor any other person will be required to pay any additional 
amounts in respect of a FATCA Withholding. 
References in these Conditions to (i) "principal" shall be deemed to include any premium payable 
in respect of the Notes, Final Redemption Amounts, Early Redemption Amounts, Optional 
Redemption Amount (Call), Optional Redemption Amounts, Amortised Face Amounts, Clean-Up

--- Page 48 ---
- 41 - 
Redemption Amount and all other amounts in the nature of principal payable pursuant to Condition 
7 or any amendment or supplement to it, (ii) "interest" shall be deemed to include all Interest 
Amounts and all other amounts payable pursuant to Condition 6 or any amendment or supplement 
to it and (iii) "principal" and/or "interest" shall be deemed to include any additional amounts that 
may be payable under this Condition or any undertaking given in addition to or in substitution for 
it under the Trust Deed. 
10. 
Prescription 
Claims against the Issuer for payment in respect of the Notes and Coupons (which, for this purpose, 
shall not include Talons) shall be prescribed and become void unless made within 10 years (in the 
case of principal) or five years (in the case of interest) from the appropriate Relevant Date in respect 
of them. 
11. 
Events of Default 
If any of the following events ("Events of Default") occurs and is continuing, the Trustee at its 
discretion may, and if so requested by holders of at least one-fifth in nominal amount of the Notes 
then outstanding or if so directed by an Extraordinary Resolution shall, subject in each case to its 
being indemnified and/or secured and/or prefunded to its satisfaction, give notice to the Issuer that 
the Notes are, and they shall immediately become, due and payable at their Early Redemption 
Amount together (if applicable) with accrued interest: 
(a) 
Non-Payment: default is made for more than 14 days (in the case of interest) or seven 
days (in the case of principal) in the payment on the due date of interest or principal in 
respect of any of the Notes; or 
(b) 
Breach of Other Obligations: the Issuer does not perform or comply with any one or more 
of its other obligations in the Notes or the Trust Deed which default is (i) in the opinion 
of the Trustee incapable of remedy or (ii) in the opinion of the Trustee capable of remedy 
and is not remedied within 30 days after written notice of such default shall have been 
given to the Issuer by the Trustee; or 
(c) 
Cross-Default: (A) any other present or future Financial Indebtedness of the Issuer or any 
of its Material Subsidiaries becomes due and payable prior to its stated maturity by reason 
of any actual default, event of default or the like (howsoever described), or (B) any such 
Financial Indebtedness is not paid when due or, as the case may be, within any originally 
applicable grace period, or (C) the Issuer or any of its Material Subsidiaries fails to pay 
when due any amount payable by it under any present or future guarantee for, or indemnity 
in respect of, any moneys borrowed or raised, provided that the aggregate amount of the 
relevant Financial Indebtedness and the amount payable under the guarantees and 
indemnities in respect of which one or more of the events mentioned above in this 
Condition 11(iii) have occurred equals or exceeds EUR35,000,000 (or its equivalent in 
any other currency); or 
(d) 
Enforcement Proceedings: a distress, attachment, execution or other legal process is 
levied, enforced or sued out on or against any part of the property, assets or revenues of 
the Issuer or any of its Material Subsidiaries, where the value of such property, assets or 
revenues exceeds EUR 35,000,000 (or its equivalent in any other currency or currencies) 
and is not discharged or stayed within 90 days; or 
(e) 
Security Enforced: any mortgage, charge, pledge, lien or other encumbrance, present or 
future, created or assumed by the Issuer or any of its Material Subsidiaries becomes 
enforceable and any step is taken to enforce it (including the taking of possession or the 
appointment of a receiver, manager or other similar person) provided that the amount of 
indebtedness giving rise to such enforcement equals or exceeds EUR 35,000,000 (or its 
equivalent in any other currency or currencies); or 
(f) 
Insolvency: any of the Issuer or any of its Material Subsidiaries is (or is deemed by law 
or a court to be) insolvent or bankrupt or unable to pay its debts, stops, suspends or 
threatens to stop or suspend payment of all or a material part of its debts, proposes or

--- Page 49 ---
- 42 - 
makes a general assignment or an arrangement or composition with or for the benefit of 
the relevant creditors in respect of any of such debts or a moratorium is agreed or declared 
or comes into effect in respect of or affecting all or a substantial part of the debts of the 
Issuer or any of its Material Subsidiaries except, in each case, for the purposes of and 
pursuant to a reconstruction, amalgamation, reorganisation or merger or consolidation 
whilst solvent; or 
(g) 
Winding-up: (i) an order is made or an effective resolution is passed for the winding up, 
liquidation or dissolution of the Issuer or any of its Material Subsidiaries or (ii) the Issuer 
or any of its Material Subsidiaries applies or petitions for a winding up or administration 
order in respect of itself or ceases or through an official action of its board of directors 
threatens to cease to carry on all or substantially all of its business or operations, except, 
in each of the cases set out in (i) and (ii), for the purpose of and pursuant to a reconstruction, 
amalgamation, reorganisation, merger or consolidation (i) on terms approved in writing 
by the Trustee in its sole discretion or by an Extraordinary Resolution (as defined in the 
Trust Deed) of the Noteholders or (ii) in the case of a Material Subsidiary, whereby the 
undertaking and assets of the Material Subsidiary are transferred or otherwise vested in 
the Issuer and/or any other Subsidiary of the Issuer; or 
(h) 
Authorisation and Consents: any action, condition or thing (including the obtaining or 
effecting of any necessary consent, approval, authorisation, exemption, filing, licence, 
order, recording or registration) at any time required to be taken, fulfilled or done in order 
(i) to enable the Issuer lawfully to enter into, exercise its rights and perform and comply 
with its obligations under the Notes and the Trust Deed, (ii) to ensure that those obligations 
are legally binding and enforceable and (iii) to make the Notes and the Trust Deed 
admissible in evidence in the courts of England is not taken, fulfilled or done; or 
(i) 
Illegality: it is or will become unlawful for the Issuer to perform or comply with any one 
or more of its obligations under any of the Notes or the Trust Deed; or 
(j) 
Analogous Events: any event occurs that under the laws of any relevant jurisdiction has 
an analogous effect to any of the events referred to in paragraphs (iv) to (vii) above, 
provided that in the case of paragraphs (ii), (iii), (vii) (insofar as it relates to a Material 
Subsidiary), (viii) and (insofar as it relates to any of the paragraphs specifically mentioned in the 
proviso) (x) the Trustee shall have certified that in its opinion such event is materially prejudicial 
to the interests of the Noteholders. 
12. 
Meetings of Noteholders, Modification, Waiver and Substitution 
(a) 
Meetings of Noteholders: The Trust Deed contains provisions for convening meetings of 
Noteholders to consider any matter affecting their interests, including the sanctioning by 
Extraordinary Resolution (as defined in the Trust Deed) of a modification of any of these 
Conditions or any provisions of the Trust Deed. Such a meeting may be convened by the 
Trustee on request by Noteholders holding not less than 10 per cent. in nominal amount 
of the Notes for the time being outstanding, subject as provided in the Trust Deed. The 
quorum for any meeting convened to consider an Extraordinary Resolution shall be two 
or more persons holding or representing a clear majority in nominal amount of the Notes 
for the time being outstanding, or at any adjourned meeting two or more persons being or 
representing Noteholders whatever the nominal amount of the Notes held or represented, 
unless the business of such meeting includes consideration of proposals, inter alia, (i) to 
amend the dates of maturity or redemption of the Notes or any date for payment of interest 
or Interest Amounts on the Notes, (ii) to reduce or cancel the nominal amount of, or any 
premium payable on redemption of, the Notes, (iii) to reduce the rate or rates of interest 
in respect of the Notes or to vary the method or basis of calculating the rate or rates or 
amount of interest or the basis for calculating any Interest Amount in respect of the Notes 
(other than any change made pursuant to and in accordance with Condition 6(i)), (iv) to 
vary any method of, or basis for, calculating the Final Redemption Amount, the Early 
Redemption Amount, the Optional Redemption Amount (Call), the Optional Redemption 
Amount or the Clean-Up Redemption Amount, including the method of calculating the 
Amortised Face Amount, (v) to vary the currency or currencies of payment or

--- Page 50 ---
- 43 - 
denomination of the Notes, or (vi) to modify the provisions concerning the quorum 
required at any meeting of Noteholders or the majority required to pass the Extraordinary 
Resolution, in which case the necessary quorum shall be two or more persons holding or 
representing not less than 75 per cent., or at any adjourned meeting not less than 25 per 
cent., in nominal amount of the Notes for the time being outstanding. Any Extraordinary 
Resolution duly passed shall be binding on Noteholders (whether or not they were present 
at the meeting at which such resolution was passed) and on all Couponholders. 
The Trust Deed provides that a resolution in writing signed by or on behalf of the holders 
of not less than 75 per cent. in nominal amount of the Notes outstanding shall for all 
purposes be as valid and effective as an Extraordinary Resolution passed at a meeting of 
Noteholders duly convened and held. Such a resolution in writing may be contained in one 
document or several documents in the same form, each signed by or on behalf of one or 
more Noteholders. 
The consent or approval of the Noteholders shall not be required for any Benchmark 
Amendments (as defined in Condition 6(i)(iv)) made pursuant to Condition 6(i). 
(b) 
Modification of the Trust Deed: The Trustee may agree, without the consent of the 
Noteholders or Couponholders, to (i) any modification of any of the provisions of the Trust 
Deed that is of a formal, minor or technical nature or is made to correct a manifest error, 
and (ii) any other modification (except as mentioned in the Trust Deed), and any waiver 
or authorisation of any breach or proposed breach, of any of the provisions of the Trust 
Deed that is in the opinion of the Trustee not materially prejudicial to the interests of the 
Noteholders. Any such modification, authorisation or waiver shall be binding on the 
Noteholders and the Couponholders and, if the Trustee so requires, such modification shall 
be notified to the Noteholders as soon as practicable. 
(c) 
Substitution: The Trust Deed contains provisions permitting the Trustee to agree, subject 
to such amendment of the Trust Deed and such other conditions as the Trustee may require, 
but without the consent of the Noteholders or the Couponholders, to the substitution of the 
Issuer's successor in business or any Subsidiary of the Issuer in place of the Issuer, or of 
any previous substituted company, as principal debtor under the Trust Deed and the Notes. 
In the case of such a substitution the Trustee may agree, without the consent of the 
Noteholders or the Couponholders, to a change of the law governing the Notes, the 
Coupons, the Talons and/or the Trust Deed provided that such change would not in the 
opinion of the Trustee be materially prejudicial to the interests of the Noteholders. 
(d) 
Entitlement of the Trustee: In connection with the exercise of its functions (including but 
not limited to those referred to in this Condition) the Trustee shall have regard to the 
interests of the Noteholders as a class and shall not have regard to the consequences of 
such exercise for individual Noteholders or Couponholders and the Trustee shall not be 
entitled to require, nor shall any Noteholder or Couponholder be entitled to claim, from 
the Issuer any indemnification or payment in respect of any tax consequence of any such 
exercise upon individual Noteholders or Couponholders. 
13. 
Definitions 
In these Conditions, unless the context otherwise requires, the following defined terms shall have 
the meanings set out below: 
"Acquired Entity or Business" means in relation to any four fiscal quarter period for the purposes 
of calculating the Interest Cover Ratio, any person or business acquired by any member of the 
Group during such four fiscal quarter period.

--- Page 51 ---
- 44 - 
"Adjustment Spread" means either (a) a spread (which may be positive, negative or zero) or (b) 
a formula or methodology for calculating a spread, in each case to be applied to the Successor Rate 
or the Alternative Rate (as the case may be) and is the spread, formula or methodology which: 
(i) 
in the case of a Successor Rate, is formally recommended in relation to the replacement 
of the Original Reference Rate with the Successor Rate by any Relevant Nominating Body 
or (if no such recommendation has been made, or in the case of an Alternative Rate); 
(ii) 
the Issuer, following consultation with the Independent Adviser, determines, is 
customarily applied to the relevant Successor Rate or the Alternative Rate (as the case 
may be) in international debt capital markets transactions to produce an industry-accepted 
replacement rate for the Original Reference Rate; or (if the Issuer determines that no such 
spread is customarily applied); or 
(iii) 
the Issuer, following consultation with the Independent Adviser, determines is recognised 
or acknowledged as being the industry standard for over-the-counter derivative 
transactions which reference the Original Reference Rate, where such rate has been 
replaced by the Successor Rate or the Alternative Rate (as the case may be). 
"Alternative Rate" means an alternative to the Reference Rate which the Issuer, following 
consultation with the Independent Adviser, determines in accordance with Condition 6(i)(ii) has 
replaced the Original Reference Rate is customarily applied in international debt capital markets 
transactions for the purposes of determining rates of interest (or the relevant component part 
thereof) for the same interest period and in the same Specified Currency as the Notes. 
"Amortisation Yield" shall be as set out in the relevant Final Terms. 
"Bank" means a bank in the principal financial centre for such currency or, in the case of euro, in 
a city in which banks have access to the TARGET System. 
"Benchmark Amendments" has the meaning given to it in Condition 6(i)(iv). 
"Benchmark Event" means: 
(i) 
the Original Reference Rate ceasing to be published for a period of at least 5 Business 
Days or ceasing to exist; or 
(ii) 
a public statement by the administrator of the Original Reference Rate that it has ceased 
or that it will cease publishing the Original Reference Rate permanently or indefinitely (in 
circumstances where no successor administrator has been appointed that will continue 
publication of the Original Reference Rate); or 
(iii) 
a public statement by the supervisor of the administrator of the Original Reference Rate 
that the Original Reference Rate has been or will be permanently or indefinitely 
discontinued; or 
(iv) 
a public statement by the supervisor of the administrator of the Original Reference Rate 
as a consequence of which the Original Reference Rate will be prohibited from being used 
either generally, or in respect of the Notes; or 
(v) 
it has become unlawful for any Paying Agent, the Calculation Agent the Issuer or other 
party to calculate any payments due to be made to any Noteholder using the Original 
Reference Rate, 
provided that in the case of sub-paragraphs (ii), (iii) and (iv), the Benchmark Event shall occur 
on the date of the cessation of publication of the Original Reference Rate, the discontinuation of 
the Original Reference Rate, or the prohibition of use of the Original Reference Rate, as the case 
may be, and not the date of the relevant public statement. 
"Business Centre" shall be as set out in the relevant Final Terms.

--- Page 52 ---
- 45 - 
"Business Day" means: 
(i) 
in the case of a currency other than euro, a day (other than a Saturday or Sunday) on which 
commercial banks and foreign exchange markets settle payments in the principal financial 
centre for such currency and/or 
(ii) 
in the case of euro, a day on which the TARGET System is operating (a "TARGET 
Business Day") and/or 
(iii) 
in the case of a currency and/or one or more Business Centres a day (other than a Saturday 
or a Sunday) on which commercial banks and foreign exchange markets settle payments 
in such currency in the Business Centre(s) or, if no currency is indicated, generally in each 
of the Business Centres. 
"Calculation Amount" shall be as set out in the relevant Final Terms. 
"Change of Control Period" means the period commencing on the Relevant Announcement Date 
and ending 90 days after the Change of Control (or such longer period for which the Notes are 
under consideration (such consideration having been announced publicly within the period ending 
90 days after the Change of Control) for rating review or, as the case may be, rating by a Rating 
Agency, such period not to exceed 60 days after the public announcement of such consideration). 
"Consolidated EBITDA" means, in respect of any relevant period, the profit of the Group after: 
(i) 
adding back corporation tax or other taxes on income or gains (deducting if positive); 
(ii) 
adding back net financial items (deducting if positive); 
(iii) 
adding back or deducting any loss or gain against book value arising on a disposal of any 
asset; 
(iv) 
adding back (or deducting if positive) any amortisation or write-down or upward 
revaluation or intangible assets (for the avoidance of doubt including goodwill); 
(v) 
adding back (or deducting if positive) any depreciation or write-down or upward 
revaluation of fixed assets; and 
(vi) 
before taking into account (i) any dividends paid in that period by members of the Group 
and (ii) any Extraordinary Costs. 
"DA Selected Bond" means the selected government security or securities agreed between the 
Issuer and an investment bank or financial institution of international standing determined to be 
appropriate by the Issuer (which, for the avoidance of doubt, could be the Determination Agent, if 
applicable) as having an actual or interpolated maturity comparable with the remaining term of the 
Notes (or, if Par Call Commencement Date is specified in the applicable Final Terms, the period 
to the Par Call Commencement Date), that would be utilised, at the time of selection and in 
accordance with customary financial practice, in pricing new issues of corporate debt securities 
denominated in the Specified Currency and of a comparable maturity to the remaining term of the 
Notes (or, if Par Call Commencement Date is specified in the applicable Final Terms, the period 
to the Par Call Commencement Date). 
"Day Count Fraction" means, in respect of the calculation of an amount of interest on any Note 
for any period of time (from and including the first day of such period to but excluding the last) 
(whether or not constituting an Interest Period or an Interest Accrual Period, the "Calculation 
Period"): 
(i) 
if "Actual/Actual" or "Actual/Actual - ISDA" is specified hereon, the actual number of 
days in the Calculation Period divided by 365 (or, if any portion of that Calculation Period 
falls in a leap year, the sum of (A) the actual number of days in that portion of the 
Calculation Period falling in a leap year divided by 366 and (B) the actual number of days 
in that portion of the Calculation Period falling in a non-leap year divided by 365)

--- Page 53 ---
- 46 - 
(ii) 
if "Actual/365 (Fixed)" is specified hereon, the actual number of days in the Calculation 
Period divided by 365 
(iii) 
if "Actual/365 (Sterling)" is specified hereon, the actual number of days in the Calculation 
Period divided by 365 or, in the case of an Interest Payment Date falling in a leap year, 
366 
(iv) 
if "Actual/360" is specified hereon, the actual number of days in the Calculation Period 
divided by 360 
(v) 
if "30/360", "360/360" or "Bond Basis" is specified hereon, the number of days in the 
Calculation Period divided by 360, calculated on a formula basis as follows: 
Day Count Fraction = 
[360x(Y2-Y1)]+[30x(M2-M1)]+(D2-D1)
360
 
where: 
"Y1" is the year, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the Calculation Period 
falls; 
"Y2" is the year, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately following the last 
day included in the Calculation Period falls; 
"M1" is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the 
Calculation Period falls; 
"M2" is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately 
following the last day included in the Calculation Period falls; 
"D1" is the first calendar day, expressed as a number, of the Calculation Period, unless 
such number would be 31, in which case D1 will be 30; and 
"D2" is the calendar day, expressed as a number, immediately following the last day 
included in the Calculation Period, unless such number would be 31 and D1 is greater than 
29, in which case D2 will be 30 
(vi) 
if "30E/360" or "Eurobond Basis" is specified hereon, the number of days in the 
Calculation Period divided by 360, calculated on a formula basis as follows: 
Day Count Fraction = 
[360x(Y2-Y1)]+[30x(M2-M1)]+(D2-D1)
360
 
where: 
"Y1" is the year, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the Calculation Period 
falls; 
"Y2" is the year, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately following the last 
day included in the Calculation Period falls; 
"M1" is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the 
Calculation Period falls; 
"M2" is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately 
following the last day included in the Calculation Period falls; 
"D1" is the first calendar day, expressed as a number, of the Calculation Period, unless 
such number would be 31, in which case D1 will be 30; and 
"D2" is the calendar day, expressed as a number, immediately following the last day 
included in the Calculation Period, unless such number would be 31, in which case D2 will 
be 30

--- Page 54 ---
- 47 - 
(vii) 
if "30E/360 (ISDA)" is specified hereon, the number of days in the Calculation Period 
divided by 360, calculated on a formula basis as follows: 
Day Count Fraction = 
[360x(Y2-Y1)]+[30x(M2-M1)]+(D2-D1)
360
 
where: 
"Y1" is the year, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the Calculation Period 
falls; 
"Y2" is the year, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately following the last 
day included in the Calculation Period falls; 
"M1" is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the 
Calculation Period falls; 
"M2" is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately 
following the last day included in the Calculation Period falls; 
"D1" is the first calendar day, expressed as a number, of the Calculation Period, unless (i) 
that day is the last day of February or (ii) such number would be 31, in which case D1 will 
be 30; and 
"D2" is the calendar day, expressed as a number, immediately following the last day 
included in the Calculation Period, unless (i) that day is the last day of February but not 
the Maturity Date or (ii) such number would be 31, in which case D2 will be 30 
(viii) 
if "Actual/Actual-ICMA" is specified hereon, 
(a) 
if the Calculation Period is equal to or shorter than the Determination Period 
during which it falls, the number of days in the Calculation Period divided by the 
product of (x) the number of days in such Determination Period and (y) the 
number of Determination Periods normally ending in any year; and 
(b) 
if the Calculation Period is longer than one Determination Period, the sum of: 
(x) 
the number of days in such Calculation Period falling in the 
Determination Period in which it begins divided by the product of (1) the 
number of days in such Determination Period and (2) the number of 
Determination Periods normally ending in any year; and 
(y) 
the number of days in such Calculation Period falling in the next 
Determination Period divided by the product of (1) the number of days 
in such Determination Period and (2) the number of Determination 
Periods normally ending in any year 
where: 
"Determination Agent" means an investment bank or financial institution of international 
standing selected by the Issuer. 
"Determination Period" means the period from and including a Determination Date in any year 
to but excluding the next Determination Date. 
"Determination Date" means the date(s) specified as such hereon or, if none is so specified, the 
Interest Payment Date(s). 
"Disposed Entity or Business" means in relation to any four fiscal quarter period for the purposes 
of calculating the Interest Cover Ratio, any person or business sold, transferred or otherwise 
disposed by any member of the Group during such four fiscal quarter period. 
"Early Redemption Amount" shall be as set out in the relevant Final Terms.

--- Page 55 ---
- 48 - 
"EURIBOR" means, in respect of any specified currency and any specified period, the interest 
rate benchmark known as the Euro zone interbank offered rate which is calculated and published 
by a designated distributor (currently Thomson Reuters) in accordance with the requirements from 
time to time of the European Money Markets Institute (or any other person which takes over the 
administration of that rate) based on estimated interbank borrowing rates for a number of 
designated currencies and maturities which are provided, in respect of each such currency, by a 
panel of contributor banks (details of historic EURIBOR rates can be obtained from the designated 
distributor). 
"Extraordinary Costs" means, in relation to any relevant period, any one-off, non-recurring costs 
(including costs associated with any acquisition, disposal or restructuring of the business of, any 
other subsidiary or division forming part of, the Group) incurred in, but in aggregate not exceeding 
SEK 150,000,000 (or its equivalent in another currency or currencies) in such relevant period, in 
each case provided that such costs are reported as extraordinary costs or items affecting 
comparability in the relevant Financial Report. 
"Euro-zone" means the region comprised of member states of the European Union that adopt the 
single currency in accordance with the Treaty establishing the European Community, as amended. 
"Final Redemption Amount" shall be as set out in the relevant Final Terms. 
"Finance Lease" means lease or hire purchase contract, a liability under which would, in 
accordance with IFRS, be treated as a balance sheet liability (other than a lease or hire purchase 
contract which would, in accordance with IFRS in force prior to 1 January 2019 have been treated 
as an operating lease). 
"Financial Indebtedness" means any indebtedness for or in respect of: 
(i) 
moneys borrowed; 
(ii) 
any amount raised by acceptance under any acceptance credit facility or dematerialised 
equivalent; 
(iii) 
any amount raised pursuant to any note purchase facility or the issue of bonds, notes, 
debentures, loan stock or any similar instrument; 
(iv) 
the amount of any liability in respect of any Finance Lease; 
(v) 
receivables sold or discounted (other than any receivables to the extent they are sold on a 
non-recourse basis); 
(vi) 
any amount raised under any other transaction (including any forward sale or purchase 
agreement) of a type not referred to in any other paragraph of this definition having the 
commercial effect of a borrowing; 
(vii) 
any derivative transaction entered into in connection with protection against or benefit 
from fluctuation in any rate or price (and, when calculating the value of any derivative 
transaction, only the marked to market value (or, if any actual amount is due as a result of 
the termination or close-out of that derivative transaction, that amount) shall be taken into 
account); 
(viii) 
any counter-indemnity obligation in respect of a guarantee, indemnity, bond, standby or 
documentary letter of credit or any other instrument issued by a bank or financial 
institution; and 
(ix) 
without double counting, the amount of any liability in respect of any guarantee or 
indemnity for any of the items referred to in paragraphs (i) to (viii) above. 
"Financial Net Payable" means, in respect of any relevant period, the sum of all interest payable, 
fees payable and other recurring finance charges accrued in respect of interest bearing liabilities of 
the Group (including the interest element of payments in respect of any Finance Leases but 
excluding liabilities to other members of the Group and pension liabilities) during that period (but

--- Page 56 ---
- 49 - 
excluding any one-off financial fees), less any interest accrued to any member of the Group during 
that period. 
"Financial Report" means the annual audited consolidated financial statements of the Group, the 
annual audited unconsolidated financial statements of the Issuer or any Subsidiary (as relevant) 
and the quarterly interim consolidated reports of the Group (which may be unaudited) or the 
quarterly interim unconsolidated reports of the Issuer or any Subsidiary (as relevant) (which may 
be unaudited). 
"Gross Redemption Yield" means, with respect to a security, the gross redemption yield on such 
security, expressed as a percentage and calculated by the Determination Agent on the basis set out 
by the United Kingdom Debt Management Office in the paper "Formulae for Calculating Gilt 
Prices from Yields" page 5, Section One: Price/Yield Formulae "Conventional Gilts; Double-dated 
and Undated Gilts with Assumed (or Actual) Redemption on a Quasi-Coupon Date" (published 8 
June 1998 and updated on 15 January 2002 and 16 March 2005, and as further amended, updated, 
supplemented or replaced from time to time) or, if such formula does not reflect generally accepted 
market practice at the time of redemption, a gross redemption yield calculated in accordance with 
generally accepted market practice at such time as determined by the Issuer following consultation 
with an investment bank or financial institution of international standing determined to be 
appropriate by the Issuer (which, for the avoidance of doubt, could be the Determination Agent, if 
applicable). 
"Group" means the Issuer and its Subsidiaries for the time being. 
"Hedging Obligations" means the obligations of the Issuer or Material Subsidiary pursuant to a 
Hedging Transaction. 
"Hedging Transaction" means a transaction entered into by the Issuer or a Material Subsidiary 
for the purpose of hedging any risk to which any member of the Group is exposed in its ordinary 
course of trading or its interest rate or currency management operations which are carried out in 
the ordinary course of business and for non-speculative purposes including, but not limited to: 
(i) 
interest rate swap agreements, (whether from fixed to floating or from floating to fixed), 
interest rate cap agreements and interest rate collar agreements; 
(ii) 
other agreements or arrangements designed to manage interest rates or interest rate risk; 
(iii) 
a securities repurchase or resale agreement or reverse repurchase or resale agreement, a 
securities borrowing agreement or any agreement relating to securities which is similar in 
effect to any of the foregoing, and, for purposes of this definition, the term securities means 
any capital stock, share, debenture or other debt or equity instrument, or any derivative 
thereof, whether issued by any private or public company, any government or agency or 
instrumentality thereof or any supranational, international or multilateral organisation; and 
(iv) 
other agreements or arrangements designed to protect the Issuer against fluctuations in 
currency exchange rates or commodity prices. 
"IFRS" means the international financial reporting standards (IFRS) within the meaning of 
Regulation 1606/2002/EC (or as otherwise adopted or amended from time to time); 
"Independent Adviser" means an independent financial institution of international repute or an 
independent financial adviser with appropriate expertise appointed by the Issuer under Condition 
6(i)(i). 
"Interest Accrual Period" means the period beginning on (and including) the Interest 
Commencement Date and ending on (but excluding) the first Interest Period Date and each 
successive period beginning on (and including) an Interest Period Date and ending on (but 
excluding) the next succeeding Interest Period Date.

--- Page 57 ---
- 50 - 
"Interest Amount" means: 
(i) 
in respect of an Interest Accrual Period, the amount of interest payable per Calculation 
Amount for that Interest Accrual Period and which, in the case of Fixed Rate Notes, and 
unless otherwise specified hereon, shall mean the Fixed Coupon Amount or Broken 
Amount specified hereon as being payable on the Interest Payment Date ending the 
Interest Period of which such Interest Accrual Period forms part; and 
(ii) 
in respect of any other period, the amount of interest payable per Calculation Amount for 
that period. 
"Interest Basis" shall be as set out in the relevant Final Terms. 
"Interest Commencement Date" means the Issue Date or such other date as may be specified 
hereon. 
"Interest Cover Ratio" means as of the relevant Incurrence Date the ratio of (x) the aggregate 
amount of the Consolidated EBITDA of the Issuer for the period of its most recent four consecutive 
fiscal quarters ending prior to the date of such determination for which Financial Reports are 
available to (y) the aggregate amount of the Financial Net Payable of the Issuer for such four fiscal 
quarters (each of (x) and (y) to be calculated in accordance with IFRS by a responsible accounting 
or financial officer of the Issuer (using their reasonable judgment) on a pro forma basis (including 
a pro forma application of the net proceeds therefrom), as if the relevant additional Financial 
Indebtedness had been incurred at the beginning of such four fiscal quarter period and, provided 
that, Consolidated EBITDA shall be adjusted to reflect the Consolidated EBITDA of any Acquired 
Entity or Business or Disposed Entity or Business, as if such entity or business had been acquired 
or disposed of (as applicable) at the beginning of such four quarter fiscal period). 
"Interest Determination Date" means, with respect to a Rate of Interest and Interest Accrual 
Period, the date specified as such hereon or, if none is so specified, (i) the first day of such Interest 
Accrual Period if the Specified Currency is Sterling or (ii) the day falling two Business Days in 
London for the Specified Currency prior to the first day of such Interest Accrual Period if the 
Specified Currency is neither Sterling nor euro or (iii) the day falling two TARGET Business Days 
prior to the first day of such Interest Accrual Period if the Specified Currency is euro. 
"Interest Period" means the period beginning on and including the Interest Commencement Date 
and ending on but excluding the first Interest Payment Date and each successive period beginning 
on and including an Interest Payment Date and ending on but excluding the next succeeding 
Interest Payment Date unless otherwise specified hereon. 
"Interest Period Date" means each Interest Payment Date unless otherwise specified hereon. 
"Investment Grade Rating" means a rating of at least BBB- (or equivalent thereof) in the case of 
S&P or Fitch and a rating of at least Baa3 (or equivalent thereof) in the case of Moody's or the 
equivalent rating in the case of any other Rating Agency. 
"Investment Grade Status Commencement Date" means the date on which the Limitation of 
Indebtedness Covenant is suspended in accordance with the terms of Condition 5(b). 
"Investment Grade Status End Date" means the first date following an Investment Grade Status 
Commencement Date on which the Limitation of Indebtedness Covenant is reinstated in 
accordance with the terms of Condition 5(c). 
"Margin" shall be as set out in the relevant Final Terms. 
"Material Subsidiaries" means any Subsidiary of the Issuer whose net sales according to the latest 
Financial Report amount to at least one per cent. of the Group's consolidated net sales. 
"Maturity Date" shall be as set out in the relevant Final Terms. 
"Maximum Rate of Interest" shall be as set out in the relevant Final Terms.

--- Page 58 ---
- 51 - 
"Maximum Redemption Amount" shall be as set out in the relevant Final Terms. 
"Minimum Rate of Interest" shall be as set out in the relevant Final Terms. 
"Minimum Redemption Amount" shall be as set out in the relevant Final Terms. 
a "Negative Rating Event" shall be deemed to have occurred if at such time as there is no rating 
assigned to the Notes by a Rating Agency (i) the Issuer does not, either prior to, or not later than 
21 days after, the occurrence of the Change of Control seek, and thereafter throughout the Change 
of Control Period use all reasonable endeavours to obtain, a rating of the Notes, or any other 
unsecured and unsubordinated debt of the Issuer or (ii) if the Issuer does so seek and use such 
endeavours, it is unable to obtain such a rating of at least investment grade by the end of the Change 
of Control Period. 
"Optional Redemption Amount" shall be as set out in the relevant Final Terms. 
"Optional Redemption Amount (Call)" means, in respect of any Note, its principal amount, the 
Make Whole Redemption Price and/or such other amount as may be specified in the relevant Final 
Terms and in each case the Optional Redemption Amount (Call) shall be specified in the Final 
Terms and may constitute different amounts which depend on the date of the Call Option Notice. 
"Optional Redemption Date" shall be as set out in the relevant Final Terms. 
"Original Reference Rate" means the originally-specified Reference Rate used to determine the 
Rate of Interest (or any component part thereof) on the Notes. 
"Par Call Commencement Date" shall be as specified in the relevant Final Terms. 
"Permitted Financial Indebtedness" means: 
(i) 
any Financial Indebtedness of the Issuer or a Material Subsidiary in existence on the date 
the first Tranche of the Notes are issued; 
(ii) 
any Financial Indebtedness owed by a member of the Group to another member of the 
Group; 
(iii) 
any Financial Indebtedness arising in the ordinary course of business with suppliers of 
goods; 
(iv) 
any Financial Indebtedness of the Issuer or a Material Subsidiary issued in exchange for, 
or the net proceeds of which are used to renew, refund, refinance, replace, exchange, 
defease or discharge other Financial Indebtedness of any member of the Group; provided 
that: 
(a) 
the aggregate principal amount of such refinancing Financial Indebtedness does 
not exceed the principal amount of the Financial Indebtedness renewed, refunded, 
refinanced, replaced, exchanged, defeased or discharged (including all accrued 
interest on the Financial Indebtedness and the amount of all fees and expenses, 
including premiums, incurred in connection therewith); and 
(b) 
such refinancing Financial Indebtedness has a final maturity date that is no earlier 
than the final maturity date of the Financial Indebtedness being renewed, 
refunded, refinanced, replaced exchanged, defeased or discharged; 
(v) 
any Financial Indebtedness of any company which becomes a member of the Group after 
the date on which the first Tranche of the Notes are issued, where the Financial 
Indebtedness is incurred prior to the date on which that company becomes a member of 
the Group, provided that the principal amount of the Financial Indebtedness has not 
increased in contemplation of or since, such acquisition;

--- Page 59 ---
- 52 - 
(vi) 
the incurrence by the Issuer or the Material Subsidiary of Hedging Obligations for bona 
fide hedging purposes and not for speculative purposes (as determined in good faith by the 
board of directors or senior management of such Material Subsidiary as the case may be); 
(vii) 
the incurrence by the Issuer or any Material Subsidiary of Financial Indebtedness in 
respect of workers' compensation claims, self-insurance obligations, captive insurance 
companies, bankers' acceptances, performance and surety bonds in the ordinary course of 
business; 
(viii) 
customer deposits and advance payments received in the ordinary course of business from 
customers for goods and services purchased in the ordinary course of business; 
(ix) 
the incurrence by the Issuer or any Material Subsidiary of Financial Indebtedness in 
respect of any Securitised Indebtedness; 
(x) 
any leasing arrangement entered into in the ordinary course of business in an aggregate 
amount not exceeding SEK 150,000,000 (or its equivalent in any other currency or 
currencies) at any time; 
(xi) 
Financial Indebtedness incurred by members of the Group in China in an aggregated 
amount not exceeding SEK 350,000,000 (or its equivalent in any other currency or 
currencies) at any time; and 
(xii) 
other Financial Indebtedness not permitted under paragraphs (i) to (x) above in an 
aggregate amount not exceeding SEK 750,000,000 (or its equivalent in any other currency 
or currencies) at any time. 
"Permitted Security" means: 
(i) 
any netting or set-off arrangement entered into by any member of the Group in the ordinary 
course of its banking arrangements for the purpose of netting debit and credit balances; 
(ii) 
any payment or close out netting or set-off arrangement pursuant to any Hedging 
Transaction; 
(iii) 
any Security arising by operation of law and in the ordinary course of trading; 
(iv) 
any Security to secure the performance of statutory obligations, trade contracts, insurance, 
surety or appeal bonds, workers compensation obligations, leases, performance bonds or 
other obligations of a like nature incurred in the ordinary course of business (including 
Security to secure letters of credit issued to assure payment of such obligations); 
(v) 
any Security on insurance policies and proceeds thereof, or other deposits, to secure 
insurance premium financings; 
(vi) 
any Security arising out of condemnation or eminent domain proceedings or any 
compulsory purchase order affecting real property; 
(vii) 
any limited recourse Security in respect of the ownership interests in, or assets owned by, 
any joint ventures securing obligations of such joint ventures; 
(viii) 
any Security for Financial Indebtedness in existence on the date the first Tranche of the 
Notes are issued; 
(ix) 
any Security on the assets or property of a person existing at the time that such person is 
acquired as a Subsidiary by the Issuer, provided that such Security: (i) was not created in 
contemplation of such acquisition; and (ii) does not extend to any other assets or property 
of the Issuer or any Subsidiary of the Issuer (other than those of the person acquired and 
its Subsidiaries (if any)); 
(x) 
any Security already existing on assets or property acquired or to be acquired by the Issuer 
or a Subsidiary of the Issuer, provided that such Security was not created in

--- Page 60 ---
- 53 - 
contemplation of such acquisition and does not extend to any other assets or property 
(other than the proceeds of such acquired assets or property); 
(xi) 
any Security arising under any retention of title, hire purchase or conditional sale 
arrangement or arrangements having similar effect in respect of goods supplied to a 
member of the Group in the ordinary course of trading and on the supplier's standard or 
usual terms and not arising as a result of any default or omission by any member of the 
Group; 
(xii) 
any Security arising in connection with any court proceedings which do not constitute an 
Event of Default; 
(xiii) 
any Security created as security for any Securitised Indebtedness; 
(xiv) 
Security for taxes and governmental charges not yet due or contested by appropriate 
proceedings in good faith; 
(xv) 
any Security created on or over any property to secure Financial Indebtedness of a Material 
Subsidiary to the Issuer or to another Material Subsidiary; 
(xvi) 
any Security arising as a consequence of any lease permitted pursuant to paragraph (x) of 
the definition of "Permitted Financial Indebtedness"; 
(xvii) 
any Security securing Financial Indebtedness listed under paragraph (x) of the definition 
of Permitted Financial Indebtedness; 
(xviii) any Security securing Financial Indebtedness the principal amount of which (when 
aggregated with the principal amount of any other Financial Indebtedness which has the 
benefit of Security given by the Issuer and its Material Subsidiaries other than any 
permitted under paragraphs (i) to (xviii) above and paragraph (xx) below) does not exceed 
SEK 750,000,000 (or its equivalent in another currency or currencies); and 
(xix) 
any Security created on and over any property for the sole purpose of extending, renewing 
or replacing in whole or part, Financial Indebtedness secured by any Security referred to 
in paragraphs (i) to (xix) above, inclusive, or in this paragraph, provided, however, that 
the principal amount of Financial Indebtedness secured in such extension, renewal or 
replacement does not exceed the principal amount of Financial Indebtedness secured at 
the time of such extension, renewal or replacement and that such extension, renewal or 
replacement shall be limited to all or a part of the property subject to such Security so 
extended, renewed or replaced (plus improvements on such property); 
"Quotation Time" shall be as set out in the relevant Final Terms. 
"Rate of Interest" means the rate of interest payable from time to time in respect of this Note and 
that is either specified or calculated in accordance with the provisions hereon. 
"Rating Agency" means any of Moody's Investors Service ("Moody's"), S&P Global Ratings 
Europe Limited ("S&P") or Fitch, Inc. ("Fitch"), as the case may be, and, in each case, their 
respective successors or any other rating agency (each a "Substitute Rating Agency") of 
equivalent international standing specified by the Issuer; provided that references herein to a 
Rating Agency shall only be to such Rating Agency as shall have been appointed by or on behalf 
of the Issuer to maintain a rating and shall not extend to any such Rating Agency providing ratings 
on an unsolicited basis. 
"Redemption Amount" means, as appropriate, the Final Redemption Amount, the Early 
Redemption Amount, the Optional Redemption Amount and/or the Optional Redemption Amount 
(Call) or such other amount in the nature of a redemption amount as may be specified in the relevant 
Final Terms. 
"Redemption Margin" shall be as set out in the relevant Final Terms.

--- Page 61 ---
- 54 - 
"Reference Banks" means, in the case of a determination of EURIBOR, the principal Euro-zone 
office of four major banks in the Euro-zone inter-bank market, and, in the case of a determination 
of STIBOR, the principal Swedish office of four major banks in the Swedish inter-bank market, in 
each case selected by the Issuer (or an independent investment bank, commercial bank or 
stockbroker appointed by the Issuer) or as specified hereon. 
"Reference Bond" shall be as set out in the relevant Final Terms or, if not so specified or to the 
extent that such Reference Bond specified in the Final Terms is no longer outstanding on the 
relevant Reference Date, the DA Selected Bond. 
"Reference Bond Price" means, with respect to any Reference Date, (i) the arithmetic average of 
the Reference Government Bond Dealer Quotations for such date of redemption, after excluding 
the highest and lowest such Reference Government Bond Dealer Quotations, or (ii) if fewer than 
five such Reference Government Bond Dealer Quotations are received, the arithmetic average of 
all such quotations. 
"Reference Bond Rate" means, with respect to any Reference Date, the rate per annum equal to 
the yield to maturity or interpolated yield to maturity (on the relevant day count basis) of the 
Reference Bond, assuming the price for the Reference Bond (expressed as a percentage of its 
principal amount) equal to the Reference Bond Price for such Reference Date. 
"Reference Date" means the date which is two business days prior to the despatch of the notice of 
redemption under Condition 7(d) or such other date as may be specified in the relevant Final Terms. 
"Reference Government Bond Dealer" means each of five banks selected by the Issuer which 
are (i) primary government securities dealers, and their respective successors, or (ii) market makers 
in pricing corporate bond issues. 
"Reference Government Bond Dealer Quotations" means, with respect to each Reference 
Government Bond Dealer and any Reference Date, the arithmetic average, as determined by the 
Determination Agent of the bid and offered prices for the Reference Bond (expressed in each case 
as a percentage of its principal amount) quoted in writing to the Determination Agent by each 
Reference Government Bond Dealer at the Quotation Time on the Reference Date. 
"Reference Rate" means the rate specified as such hereon. 
"Relevant Potential Change of Control Announcement" means any public announcement or 
statement by the Issuer, any actual or potential bidder or any adviser acting on behalf of any actual 
or potential bidder relating to any potential Change of Control where within 180 days following 
the date of such announcement or statement, a Change of Control occurs. 
"Relevant Date", in respect of any Note or Coupon, means the date on which payment in respect 
of it first becomes due or (if any amount of the money payable is improperly withheld or refused) 
the date on which payment in full of the amount outstanding is made or (if earlier) the date seven 
days after that on which notice is duly given to the Noteholders that, upon further presentation of 
the Note (or relative Certificate) or Coupon being made in accordance with the Conditions, such 
payment will be made, provided that payment is in fact made upon such presentation. 
"Relevant Nominating Body" means, in respect of a Reference Rate: 
(i) 
the central bank for the currency to which the Reference Rate relates, or any central bank 
or other supervisory authority which is responsible for supervising the administrator of the 
Reference Rate; or 
(ii) 
any working group or committee sponsored by, chaired or co-chaired by or constituted at 
the request of (a) the central bank for the currency to which the Reference Rate relates, (b) 
any central bank or other supervisory authority which is responsible for supervising the 
administrator of the Reference Rate, (c) a group of the aforementioned central banks or 
other supervisory authorities or (d) the Financial Stability Board or any part thereof.

--- Page 62 ---
- 55 - 
"Relevant Screen Page" means such page, section, caption, column or other part of a particular 
information service as may be specified hereon (or any successor or replacement page, section, 
caption, column or other part of a particular information service). 
"Security" means a mortgage, charge, pledge, lien or other security interest securing any obligation 
of any person or any other agreement or arrangement having a similar effect. 
"Securitised Indebtedness" means any Financial Indebtedness incurred in respect of or in 
connection with any securitisation, asset-backed or similar financing arrangement relating to assets 
and/or receivables of the Issuer or any of its Material Subsidiaries and where the recourse of the 
holders of such Financial Indebtedness against the Issuer or the relevant Material Subsidiary is 
limited solely to such assets, receivables or any income generated from such assets or receivables. 
"Specified Currency" means the currency specified as such hereon or, if none is specified, the 
currency in which the Notes are denominated. 
"Specified Interest Payment Date" shall be as set out in the relevant Final Terms. 
"STIBOR" means, in respect of any specified currency and any specified period, the interest rate 
benchmark known as the Stockholm interbank offered rate which is calculated and published by a 
designated distributor (currently Thomson Reuters) in accordance with the requirements from time 
to time of the Swedish Bankers' Association (or any other person which takes over the 
administration of that rate) based on estimated interbank borrowing rates for a number of 
designated currencies and maturities which are provided, in respect of each such currency, by a 
panel of contributor banks (details of historic STIBOR rates can be obtained from the designated 
distributor). 
"Subsidiary" means, in relation to any company or corporation, a company or corporation: 
(i) 
which is controlled, directly or indirectly, by the first mentioned company or corporation; 
(ii) 
more than half the issued share capital of which is beneficially owned, directly or 
indirectly by the first mentioned company or corporation; 
(iii) 
more than half of the votes of which is controlled by the first mentioned company or 
corporation; or 
(iv) 
which is a Subsidiary of another Subsidiary of the first mentioned company or corporation, 
and for this purpose, a company or corporation shall be treated as being controlled by another if 
that other company or corporation is able to direct its affairs and/or to control the composition of 
its board of directors or equivalent body. 
"Successor Rate" means a successor to or replacement of the Original Reference Rate which is 
formally recommended by any Relevant Nominating Body. 
"TARGET System" means the Trans-European Automated Real-Time Gross Settlement Express 
Transfer (known as TARGET2) System which was launched on 19 November 2007 or any 
successor thereto. 
14. 
Enforcement 
At any time after the Notes become due and payable, the Trustee may, at its discretion and without 
further notice, take such steps and/or actions and/or institute such proceedings against the Issuer 
as it may think fit to enforce the terms of the Trust Deed, the Notes and the Coupons, but it need 
not take or institute any such steps and/or actions and/or proceedings unless (a) it shall have been 
so directed by an Extraordinary Resolution or so requested in writing by Noteholders holding at 
least one-fifth in nominal amount of the Notes outstanding, and (b) it shall have been indemnified 
and/or secured and/or prefunded to its satisfaction. No Noteholder or Couponholder may proceed 
directly against the Issuer unless the Trustee, having become bound so to proceed, fails to do so 
within a reasonable time and such failure is continuing.

--- Page 63 ---
- 56 - 
15. 
Indemnification of the Trustee 
The Trust Deed contains provisions for the indemnification of the Trustee and for its relief from 
responsibility. The Trustee is entitled to enter into business transactions with the Issuer and any 
entity related to the Issuer without accounting for any profit. 
The Trustee may rely without liability to Noteholders or Couponholders on a report, confirmation 
or certificate or any advice of any accountants, financial advisers, financial institution or any other 
expert, whether or not addressed to it and whether their liability in relation thereto is limited (by 
its terms or by any engagement letter relating thereto entered into by the Trustee or in any other 
manner) by reference to a monetary cap, methodology or otherwise. The Trustee may accept and 
shall be entitled to rely on any such report, confirmation or certificate or advice and such report, 
confirmation or certificate or advice shall be binding on the Issuer, the Trustee and the Noteholders. 
16. 
Replacement of Notes, Certificates, Coupons and Talons 
If a Note, Certificate, Coupon or Talon is lost, stolen, mutilated, defaced or destroyed, it may be 
replaced, subject to applicable laws, regulations and stock exchange or other relevant authority 
regulations, at the specified office of the Issuing and Paying Agent (in the case of Bearer Notes, 
Coupons or Talons) and of the Registrar (in the case of Certificates) or such other Paying Agent or 
Transfer Agent, as the case may be, as may from time to time be designated by the Issuer for the 
purpose and notice of whose designation is given to Noteholders, in each case on payment by the 
claimant of the fees and costs incurred in connection therewith and on such terms as to evidence, 
security and indemnity (which may provide, inter alia, that if the allegedly lost, stolen or destroyed 
Note, Certificate, Coupon or Talon is subsequently presented for payment or, as the case may be, 
for exchange for further Coupons, there shall be paid to the Issuer on demand the amount payable 
by the Issuer in respect of such Notes, Certificates, Coupons or further Coupons) and otherwise as 
the Issuer may require. Mutilated or defaced Notes, Certificates, Coupons or Talons must be 
surrendered before replacements will be issued. 
17. 
Further Issues 
The Issuer may from time to time without the consent of the Noteholders or Couponholders create 
and issue further securities having the same terms and conditions as the Notes in all respects (or in 
all respects except for the first payment of interest on them) and so that such further issue shall be 
consolidated and form a single series with an outstanding Series. References in these Conditions 
to the Notes include (unless the context requires otherwise) any other securities issued pursuant to 
this Condition and forming a single series with the Notes. 
18. 
Notices 
Notices required to be given to the holders of Registered Notes pursuant to the Conditions shall be 
mailed to them at their respective addresses in the Register and deemed to have been given on the 
fourth weekday (being a day other than a Saturday or a Sunday) after the date of mailing. Notices 
required to be given to the holders of Bearer Notes pursuant to the Conditions shall be valid if 
published in a daily newspaper of general circulation in London (which is expected to be the 
Financial Times). So long as the Notes are listed and/or admitted to trading, notices required to be 
given to the holders of the Notes pursuant to the Conditions shall also be published (if such 
publication is required) in a manner which complies with the rules and regulations of any stock 
exchange or other relevant authority on which the Notes are listed/and or admitted to trading. If in 
the opinion of the Trustee any such publication is not practicable, notice required to be given 
pursuant to the Conditions shall be validly given if published in another leading daily English 
language newspaper with general circulation in Europe. Any such notice shall be deemed to have 
been given on the date of such publication or, if published more than once or on different dates, on 
the first date on which publication is made, as provided above. 
Couponholders shall be deemed for all purposes to have notice of the contents of any notice given 
to the holders of Bearer Notes in accordance with this Condition.

--- Page 64 ---
- 57 - 
19. 
Contracts (Rights of Third Parties) Act 1999 
No person shall have any right to enforce any term or condition of the Notes under the Contracts 
(Rights of Third Parties) Act 1999. 
20. 
Governing Law and Jurisdiction 
(a) 
Governing Law: The Trust Deed, the Notes, the Coupons and the Talons and any non-
contractual obligations arising out of or in connection with them are governed by, and 
shall be construed in accordance with, English law. 
(b) 
Jurisdiction: The Courts of England are to have jurisdiction to settle any disputes that 
may arise out of or in connection with any Notes, Coupons or Talons and accordingly any 
legal action or proceedings arising out of or in connection with any Notes, Coupons or 
Talons ("Proceedings") may be brought in such courts. The Issuer has in the Trust Deed 
irrevocably submitted to the jurisdiction of such courts. 
(c) 
Service of Process: The Issuer has in the Trust Deed irrevocably appointed an agent in 
England to receive, for it and on its behalf, service of process in any Proceedings in 
England.

--- Page 65 ---
- 58 - 
SUMMARY OF PROVISIONS RELATING TO THE NOTES WHILE IN GLOBAL FORM 
1. 
Initial Issue of Notes 
If the Global Notes or the Global Certificates are stated in the applicable Final Terms to be issued 
in NGN form or to be held under the NSS (as the case may be), the Global Notes or the Global 
Certificates will be delivered on or prior to the original issue date of the Tranche to a Common 
Safekeeper. Depositing the Global Notes or the Global Certificates with the Common Safekeeper 
does not necessarily mean that the Notes will be recognised as eligible collateral for Eurosystem 
monetary policy and intra-day credit operations by the Eurosystem either upon issue, or at any or 
all times during their life. Such recognition will depend upon satisfaction of the Eurosystem 
eligibility criteria. 
Global Notes which are issued in CGN form and Global Certificates which are not held under the 
NSS may be delivered on or prior to the original issue date of the Tranche to a Common Depositary. 
If the Global Note is a CGN, upon the initial deposit of a Global Note with a Common Depositary 
or, if the Global Certificate is not held under the NSS, registration of Registered Notes in the name 
of any nominee for Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg and delivery of the relative Global 
Certificate to the Common Depositary, Euroclear or Clearstream, Luxembourg will credit each 
subscriber with a nominal amount of Notes equal to the nominal amount thereof for which it has 
subscribed and paid. If the Global Note is a NGN, the nominal amount of the Notes shall be the 
aggregate amount from time to time entered in the records of Euroclear or Clearstream, 
Luxembourg. The records of such clearing system shall be conclusive evidence of the nominal 
amount of Notes represented by the Global Note and a statement issued by such clearing system at 
any time shall be conclusive evidence of the records of the relevant clearing system at that time. 
Notes that are initially deposited with the Common Depositary may also be credited to the accounts 
of subscribers with (if indicated in the relevant Final Terms) other clearing systems through direct 
or indirect accounts with Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg held by such other clearing 
systems. Conversely, Notes that are initially deposited with any other clearing system may 
similarly be credited to the accounts of subscribers with Euroclear, Clearstream, Luxembourg or 
other clearing systems. 
2. 
Relationship of Accountholders with Clearing Systems 
Each of the persons shown in the records of Euroclear, Clearstream, Luxembourg or any other 
permitted clearing system ("Alternative Clearing System") as the holder of a Note represented 
by a Global Note or a Global Certificate must look solely to Euroclear, Clearstream, Luxembourg 
or any such Alternative Clearing System (as the case may be) for his share of each payment made 
by the Issuer to the bearer of such Global Note or the holder of the underlying Registered Notes, 
as the case may be, and in relation to all other rights arising under the Global Notes or Global 
Certificates, subject to and in accordance with the respective rules and procedures of Euroclear, 
Clearstream, Luxembourg, or such Alternative Clearing System (as the case may be). Such persons 
shall have no claim directly against the Issuer in respect of payments due on the Notes for so long 
as the Notes are represented by such Global Note or Global Certificate and such obligations of the 
Issuer will be discharged by payment to the bearer of such Global Note or the holder of the 
underlying Registered Notes, as the case may be, in respect of each amount so paid. 
3. 
Exchange 
3.1 
Temporary Global Notes 
Each temporary Global Note will be exchangeable, free of charge to the holder, on or after its 
Exchange Date: 
(i) 
if the relevant Final Terms indicates that such Global Note is issued in compliance with 
TEFRA C or in a transaction to which TEFRA is not applicable (as to which, see 
"Overview of the Programme – Selling Restrictions"), in whole, but not in part, for the 
Definitive Notes defined and described below; and

--- Page 66 ---
- 59 - 
(ii) 
otherwise, in whole or in part upon certification as to non-U.S. beneficial ownership in the 
form set out in the Agency Agreement for interests in a permanent Global Note or, if so 
provided in the relevant Final Terms, for Definitive Notes. 
3.2 
Permanent Global Notes 
Each permanent Global Note will be exchangeable, free of charge to the holder, on or after its 
Exchange Date in whole but not, except as provided under paragraph 3.4 below, in part for 
Definitive Notes if the permanent Global Note is held on behalf of Euroclear or Clearstream, 
Luxembourg or an Alternative Clearing System and any such clearing system is closed for business 
for a continuous period of 14 days (other than by reason of holidays, statutory or otherwise) or 
announces an intention permanently to cease business or in fact does so. 
In the event that a Global Note is exchanged for Definitive Notes, such Definitive Notes shall be 
issued in Specified Denomination(s) only. A Noteholder who holds a principal amount of less than 
the minimum Specified Denomination will not receive a definitive Note in respect of such holding 
and would need to purchase a principal amount of Notes such that it holds an amount equal to one 
or more Specified Denominations. 
3.3 
Global Certificates 
If the Final Terms state that the Notes are to be represented by a Global Certificate on issue, the 
following will apply in respect of transfers of Notes held in Euroclear or Clearstream, Luxembourg 
or an Alternative Clearing System. These provisions will not prevent the trading of interests in the 
Notes within a clearing system whilst they are held on behalf of such clearing system, but will limit 
the circumstances in which the Notes may be withdrawn from the relevant clearing system. 
Transfers of the holding of Notes represented by any Global Certificate pursuant to Condition 2(b) 
may only be made in part: 
(i) 
if the relevant clearing system is closed for business for a continuous period of 14 days 
(other than by reason of holidays, statutory or otherwise) or announces an intention 
permanently to cease business or does in fact do so; or 
(ii) 
if principal in respect of any Notes is not paid when due; or 
(iii) 
with the consent of the Issuer, 
provided that, in the case of the first transfer of part of a holding pursuant to paragraph 3.3(i) or 
3.3(ii) above, the Registered Holder has given the Registrar not less than 30 days' notice at its 
specified office of the Registered Holder's intention to effect such transfer. 
3.4 
Delivery of Notes 
If the Global Note is a CGN, on or after any due date for exchange the holder of a Global Note 
may surrender such Global Note to or to the order of the Issuing and Paying Agent. In exchange 
for any Global Note, or the part thereof to be exchanged, the Issuer will (i) in the case of a 
temporary Global Note exchangeable for a permanent Global Note, deliver, or procure the delivery 
of, a permanent Global Note in an aggregate nominal amount equal to that of the whole or that part 
of a temporary Global Note that is being exchanged or, in the case of a subsequent exchange, 
endorse, or procure the endorsement of, a permanent Global Note to reflect such exchange or (ii) 
in the case of a Global Note exchangeable for Definitive Notes, deliver, or procure the delivery of, 
an equal aggregate nominal amount of duly executed and authenticated Definitive Notes or if the 
Global Note is a NGN, the Issuer will procure that details of such exchange be entered pro rata in 
the records of the relevant clearing system. In this Base Prospectus, "Definitive Notes" means, in 
relation to any Global Note, the definitive Bearer Notes for which such Global Note may be 
exchanged (if appropriate, having attached to them all Coupons in respect of interest that have not 
already been paid on the Global Note and a Talon). Definitive Notes will be security printed in 
accordance with any applicable legal and stock exchange requirements in or substantially in the 
form set out in the Schedules to the Trust Deed. On exchange in full of each permanent Global 
Note, the Issuer will, if the holder so requests, procure that it is cancelled and returned to the holder 
together with the relevant Definitive Notes.

--- Page 67 ---
- 60 - 
3.5 
Exchange Date 
"Exchange Date" means, in relation to a temporary Global Note, the day falling after the expiry 
of 40 days after its issue date and, in relation to a permanent Global Note, a day falling not less 
than 60 days after that on which the notice requiring exchange is given and on which banks are 
open for business in the city in which the specified office of the Issuing and Paying Agent is located 
and in the city in which the relevant clearing system is located. 
4. 
Amendment to Conditions 
The temporary Global Notes, permanent Global Notes and Global Certificates contain provisions 
that apply to the Notes that they represent, some of which modify the effect of the terms and 
conditions of the Notes set out in this Base Prospectus. The following is a summary of certain of 
those provisions: 
4.1 
Payments 
No payment falling due after the Exchange Date will be made on any Global Note unless exchange 
for an interest in a permanent Global Note or for Definitive Notes is improperly withheld or 
refused. Payments on any temporary Global Note issued in compliance with TEFRA D before the 
Exchange Date will only be made against presentation of certification as to non-U.S. beneficial 
ownership in the form set out in the Agency Agreement. All payments in respect of Notes 
represented by a Global Note in CGN form will be made against presentation for endorsement and, 
if no further payment falls to be made in respect of the Notes, surrender of that Global Note to or 
to the order of the Issuing and Paying Agent or such other Paying Agent as shall have been notified 
to the Noteholders for such purpose. If the Global Note is a CGN, a record of each payment so 
made will be endorsed on each Global Note, which endorsement will be prima facie evidence that 
such payment has been made in respect of the Notes. If the Global Note is a NGN or if the Global 
Certificate is held under the NSS, the Issuer shall procure that details of each such payment shall 
be entered pro rata in the records of the relevant clearing system and in the case of payments of 
principal, the nominal amount of the Notes recorded in the records of the relevant clearing system 
and represented by the Global Note or the Global Certificate will be reduced accordingly. Payments 
under a NGN will be made to its holder. Each payment so made will discharge the Issuer's 
obligations in respect thereof. Any failure to make the entries in the records of the relevant clearing 
system shall not affect such discharge. For the purpose of any payments made in respect of a Global 
Note, the relevant place of presentation shall be disregarded in the definition of "business day" set 
out in Condition 8(h) (Non-Business Days). 
All payments in respect of Notes represented by a Global Certificate will be made to, or to the 
order of, the person whose name is entered on the Register at the close of business on the record 
date which shall be on the Clearing System Business Day immediately prior to the date for 
payment, where "Clearing System Business Day" means Monday to Friday inclusive except 25 
December and 1 January. 
4.2 
Prescription 
Claims against the Issuer in respect of Notes that are represented by a permanent Global Note will 
become void unless it is presented for payment within a period of 10 years (in the case of principal) 
and five years (in the case of interest) from the appropriate Relevant Date (as defined in Condition 
13 (Definitions)). 
4.3 
Meetings 
The holder of a permanent Global Note or of the Notes represented by a Global Certificate shall 
(unless such permanent Global Note or Global Certificate represents only one Note) be treated as 
being two persons for the purposes of any quorum requirements of a meeting of Noteholders and, 
at any such meeting, the holder of a permanent Global Note shall be treated as having one vote in 
respect of each integral currency unit of the Specified Currency of the Notes. (All holders of 
Registered Notes are entitled to one vote in respect of each integral currency unit of the Specified 
Currency of the Notes comprising such Noteholder's holding, whether or not represented by a 
Global Certificate.)

--- Page 68 ---
- 61 - 
4.4 
Cancellation 
Cancellation of any Note represented by a permanent Global Note that is required by the 
Conditions to be cancelled (other than upon its redemption) will be effected by reduction in the 
nominal amount of the relevant permanent Global Note. 
4.5 
Purchase 
Notes represented by a permanent Global Note may only be purchased by the Issuer or any of its 
subsidiaries if they are purchased together with the rights to receive all future payments of interest 
thereon. 
4.6 
Issuer's Option 
Any option of the Issuer provided for in the Conditions of any Notes while such Notes are 
represented by a permanent Global Note shall be exercised by the Issuer giving notice to the 
Noteholders within the time limits set out in and containing the information required by the 
Conditions, except that the notice shall not be required to contain the serial numbers of Notes drawn 
in the case of a partial exercise of an option and accordingly no drawing of Notes shall be required. 
In the event that any option of the Issuer is exercised in respect of some but not all of the Notes of 
any Series, the rights of accountholders with a clearing system in respect of the Notes will be 
governed by the standard procedures of Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg (to be reflected 
in the records of Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg as either a pool factor or a reduction in 
nominal amount, at their discretion) or any other Alternative Clearing System (as the case may be). 
4.7 
Noteholders' Options 
Any option of the Noteholders provided for in the Conditions of any Notes while such Notes are 
represented by a permanent Global Note may be exercised by the holder of the permanent Global 
Note giving notice to the Issuing and Paying Agent within the time limits relating to the deposit of 
Notes with a Paying Agent set out in the Conditions substantially in the form of the notice available 
from any Paying Agent, except that the notice shall not be required to contain the serial numbers 
of the Notes in respect of which the option has been exercised, and stating the nominal amount of 
Notes in respect of which the option is exercised and at the same time, where the permanent Global 
Note is a CGN, presenting the permanent Global Note to the Issuing and Paying Agent, or to a 
Paying Agent acting on behalf of the Issuing and Paying Agent, for notation. Where the Global 
Note is a NGN or where the Global Certificate is held under the NSS, the Issuer shall procure that 
details of such exercise shall be entered pro rata in the records of the relevant clearing system and 
the nominal amount of the Notes recorded in those records will be reduced accordingly. 
4.8 
NGN nominal amount 
Where the Global Note is a NGN, the Issuer shall procure that any exchange, payment, 
cancellation, exercise of any option or any right under the Notes, as the case may be, in addition to 
the circumstances set out above shall be entered in the records of the relevant clearing systems and 
upon any such entry being made, in respect of payments of principal, the nominal amount of the 
Notes represented by such Global Note shall be adjusted accordingly. 
4.9 
Trustee's Powers 
In considering the interests of Noteholders while any Global Note is held on behalf of, or 
Registered Notes are registered in the name of any nominee for, a clearing system, the Trustee may 
have regard to any information provided to it by such clearing system or its operator as to the 
identity (either individually or by category) of its accountholders with entitlements to such Global 
Note or Registered Notes and may consider such interests as if such accountholders were the 
holders of the Notes represented by such Global Note or Global Certificate. 
4.10 
Notices 
So long as any Notes are represented by a Global Note or a Global Certificate and such Global 
Note or Global Certificate is held on behalf of a clearing system, notices to the holders of Notes of 
that Series may be given by delivery of the relevant notice to that clearing system for

--- Page 69 ---
- 62 - 
communication by it to entitled accountholders in substitution for publication as required by the 
Conditions or by delivery of the relevant notice to the holder of the Global Note or Global 
Certificate, except that so long as the Notes are listed on Euronext Dublin's regulated market and 
the rules of that exchange so require, notices shall also be published either on the website of 
Euronext Dublin or in a leading newspaper having general circulation in London (which is 
expected to be the Financial Times) and, in any case, such notices shall be deemed to have been 
given to the Noteholders in accordance with Condition 18 (Notices) on the date of delivery to 
Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg and/or any other relevant clearing system. 
5. 
Electronic Consent and Written Resolution 
While any Global Note is held on behalf of, or any Global Certificate is registered in the name of 
any nominee for, a clearing system, then: 
(a) 
approval of a resolution proposed by the Issuer or the Trustee (as the case may be) given 
by way of electronic consents communicated through the electronic communications 
systems of the relevant clearing system(s) in accordance with their operating rules and 
procedures by or on behalf of the holders of not less than 75 per cent. in nominal amount 
of the Notes outstanding (an "Electronic Consent" as defined in the Trust Deed) shall, for 
all purposes (including matters that would otherwise require an Extraordinary Resolution 
to be passed at a meeting for which the Special Quorum was satisfied), take effect as an 
Extraordinary Resolution passed at a meeting of Noteholders duly convened and held, and 
shall be binding on all Noteholders and holders of Coupons and Talons whether or not 
they participated in such Electronic Consent; and 
(b) 
where Electronic Consent is not being sought, for the purpose of determining whether a 
Written Resolution (as defined in the Trust Deed) has been validly passed, the Issuer and 
the Trustee shall be entitled to rely on consent or instructions given in writing directly to 
the Issuer and/or the Trustee, as the case may be, by (a) accountholders in the clearing 
system with entitlements to such Global Note or Global Certificate and/or, where (b) the 
accountholders hold any such entitlement on behalf of another person, on written consent 
from or written instruction by the person identified by that accountholder as the person for 
whom such entitlement is held. For the purpose of establishing the entitlement to give any 
such consent or instruction, the Issuer and the Trustee shall be entitled to rely on any 
certificate or other document issued by, in the case of (a) above, Euroclear, Clearstream, 
Luxembourg or any other relevant alternative clearing system (the "relevant clearing 
system") and, in the case of (b) above, the relevant clearing system and the accountholder 
identified by the relevant clearing system for the purposes of (b) above. Any resolution 
passed in such manner shall be binding on all Noteholders and Couponholders, even if the 
relevant consent or instruction proves to be defective. Any such certificate or other 
document shall be conclusive and binding for all purposes. Any such certificate or other 
document may comprise any form of statement or print out of electronic records provided 
by the relevant clearing system (including Euroclear's EUCLID or Clearstream, 
Luxembourg's CreationOnline system) in accordance with its usual procedures and in 
which the accountholder of a particular principal or nominal amount of the Notes is clearly 
identified together with the amount of such holding. Neither the Issuer nor the Trustee 
shall be liable to any person by reason of having accepted as valid or not having rejected 
any certificate or other document to such effect purporting to be issued by any such person 
and subsequently found to be forged or not authentic.

--- Page 70 ---
- 63 - 
USE OF PROCEEDS 
The net proceeds from the issue of each Tranche of Notes will be applied by the Issuer for general corporate 
purposes and for the repayment of some of the financial indebtedness incurred by the Group.

--- Page 71 ---
- 64 - 
DESCRIPTION OF THE GROUP  
History and Overview 
The Group provides branded solutions for mobile living in the application areas of Food & Beverage, 
Climate, Power & Control and Other. The Group's products include: (i) mobile coolers, refrigerators, mini 
bars, barbecue grills and other cooking products in the Food & Beverage area; (ii) air conditioners, awnings, 
vents, tents and other heating solutions in the Climate area; (iii) steering systems for boats, solar panels and 
batteries in the Power & Control area; and (iv) sanitation solutions, spare parts and complementary products 
in the Other applications area. The Group uses three sales channels, OEM, Distribution and Service and 
Aftermarket, to distribute its products. OEM customers are manufacturers of RVs, trucks, premium cars, 
pleasure boats and work boats while the Service and Aftermarket comprises upgrade and replacement 
products, parts and consumables as well as refined Service and Aftermarket products sold through various 
distributors, dealers and retailers to RV, CPVs, Marine and other end-users. Distribution products include 
off-the-shelf products sold through physical and digital wholesalers and retailers as well as through the 
Group's business-to-customer ("B2C") e-commerce. 
The Group operates 24 manufacturing / assembly sites in 11 countries, sells its products in approximately 
100 countries. The Group markets and sells its products under one main brand, Dometic, as well as 
supporting brands such as Igloo. Dometic has a long history of acquiring companies and during 2021 and 
2022 Dometic completed ten acquisitions.  
The Group's headquarters are located in Solna, Sweden. The Group has three main distribution hubs in 
Emsdetten, Germany and in Goshen and Litchfield, U.S.  
The Group was established as a subsidiary of the Swedish company AB Electrolux, under the name the 
Group Sales Corporation, in 1968 to sell refrigerators for RVs and other leisure equipment. The product 
portfolio and geographic reach has grown through a series of 51 acquisitions in the last 49 years. The 
origination of business dates back to 1922 with the invention of absorption refrigerators. Historically newly 
acquired companies were run independently but since 2001 the Group has increased focus on integrating 
companies that are acquired. 
The Group is consolidated into five segments: (i) Americas; (ii) EMEA; (iii) APAC (iv) Global; and (v) 
Marine. The Americas, EMEA and APAC segments focus on the businesses related to RVs and CPVs and 
on stand-alone outdoor products in their respective geographic locations. The Global segment focuses on 
products for the residential and hospitality markets, on mobile deliveries and on the Igloo business globally. 
The Marine segment focuses on the complete product offering for customers in the Marine industry. 
Primarily, each segment is a profit and loss unit and is steered based on common key performance indicators 
such as sales, profitability, cost efficiency, investments, capital efficiency and cash flow.  
The following chart presents an overview of the Group's organisation as at the date of this Base Prospectus: 
 
The Group's registered office is in Stockholm and its registered address is Dometic Group AB (publ), 
Hemvärnsgatan 15, 171 54 Solna, Sweden and its telephone number is +46 (0) 8 501 025 00. 
Legal group structure 
The Issuer (registration number 556829-4390) is a Swedish public limited liability company which was 
founded on 1 December 2010, registered with the Swedish Companies Registration Office on 6 December 
2010 and its ordinary shares have been listed on the Nasdaq Stockholm's regulated market since 25

--- Page 72 ---
- 65 - 
November 2015. As of 31 December 2022, the share capital of the Issuer amounted to SEK 798,750, divided 
into 319,499,993 shares. All shares are of the same class and carry equal rights in all respects. The Issuer's 
business is conducted in accordance with the Swedish Companies Act (Sw: aktiebolagslagen (2005:551)).  
To ensure that the control over the Issuer is not abused, the Issuer complies with Swedish Companies Act. 
In addition, the Issuer acts in accordance with the rules of procedure of its Board of Directors (the "Board") 
and the instructions for the committees and the chief executive officer ("CEO") adopted by the Issuer's 
Board of Directors. 
The Issuer is currently the parent company of 80 subsidiaries, including subsidiaries in the United States, 
Germany, China, Hong Kong, Sweden and Canada. 
The table below shows the Group's Material Subsidiaries (as defined in the Terms and Conditions), ranked 
by net sales for the year ended 31 December 2022, and the share/voting percentage that the Issuer directly 
or indirectly holds in each such Material Subsidiary. 
 
Dividend and Dividend Policy 
As part of the Group's financial targets over a business cycle, the Board has adopted the following dividend 
policy:  
• 
Dividend of at least 40 per cent. of net profit for the period. 
The Board shall consider a number of additional factors, including the Issuer's future profits, investment 
needs, liquidity and development opportunities, as well as general economic and business conditions when 
proposing a dividend. The dividend for 2022 was SEK 1.30 (2.45) per share, corresponding to a payout 
ratio of 23 per cent. of the 2022 net profit. The payout ratio for the 2018–2022 period was 37 per cent. 
Strategy 
The Group aims to be the leader in its niche for branded solutions for mobile living within Climate, Food 
& Beverage, Power & Control and Other application areas. The Group's strategy is focused on profitable 
growth by prioritising the following: 
Expansion in mobile living – expanding the scope of mobile living through organic growth and through 
acquisitions, by increasing presence in Service and Aftermarket and expanding the outdoor business; 
Product leadership through innovation – developing smart and reliable products with outstanding design, 
global products, and modularity and design for consumables, service parts and upgrade kits; and 
Subsidiary
Country
Shares and voting 
rights (%)
US111A Dometic Corporation
USA
100
US813 Igloo Products Corp.
USA
100
DE411 Dometic Germany GmbH
Germany 
100
CA511 Dometic Marine Canada Inc.
Canada
100
US512 Sierra International LLC
USA
100
AU411 Dometic Australia PTY LTD
Australia
100
DE113 Dometic Germany Krautheim GmbH
Germany 
100
DE111A Dometic GmbH
Germany 
100
US513 Inca Products Acquisitions Corp.
USA
100
US151 Valterra Products LLC
USA
100
US152 Valterra Power US, LLC
USA
100
FR101 Dometic S.A.S
France
100
US113A Twin Eagles (part of US111A)
USA
100
AU121 Dometic Power & Control Pty Ltd (Enerdrive)
Australia
100
GB111A Dometic UK Ltd.
UK
100
US511 Marine Acquisition (US) Inc.
USA
100
SE411 Dometic Scandinavia
Sweden
100
IT131 Dometic Italy Marine S.r.l.
Italy
100
IT121 Dometic Italy S.r.l.
Italy
100

--- Page 73 ---
- 66 - 
Continuous cost reductions – reducing complexity in the Group's activities by instituting common 
processes and improving competitiveness, optimising manufacturing and distribution footprint and 
digitalisation across the Group. 
Dometic’s Board of Directors has adopted the following medium to long-term financial targets over a 
business cycle: 
• 
Average annual net sales growth of 10 per cent., including organic growth and mergers and 
acquisitions.  
• 
Operating (EBITA) margin of 18–19 per cent. before amortisation of acquisition-related intangible 
assets and items affecting comparability.  
• 
Net debt to EBITDA leverage ratio of around 2.5x.  
• 
Dividend of at least 40 per cent. of net profit for the period. 
See "Risk Factors - The Group's actual future results may differ materially from what is expressed or 
implied by the financial targets presented in this Base Prospectus, and investors should not place undue 
reliance on these targets". 
Recent Developments 
Dometic has refinanced part of its credit facilities agreement with its bank group. A floating rate term loan 
of USD 210 million previously expiring in 2024, was replaced with a USD 220 million floating rate term 
loan with a 3 year maturity including two 1-year extension options. A revolving credit facility of EUR 200 
million previously expiring in 2024 was replaced with a 3 year maturity including two 1-year extension 
options. In addition, Dometic has signed a 3.5 year floating rate term loan of USD 44 million with Svensk 
Exportkredit. These new credit facilities were signed on 31 March 2023. Furthermore, a 3.25 year private 
placement bond of SEK 750 million was signed in May 2023. 
Eva Karlsson, head of Dometic Group Operations was appointed President of the EMEA segment from 16 
May 2023. Eva Karlsson replaces Henrik Fagrenius who will be leaving the Company on 1 July 2023, for 
another external assignment. Anders Fransson has been appointed as new head of Group Operations and 
will join Dometic on 1 October 2023. Leif Hultman has been appointed as interim Head of Global 
Operations until that time.  
Application areas 
The Group is divided into four application areas: Food & Beverage, Climate, Power & Control and Other 
applications. The following chart provides an overview of (i) each application area's contribution to the net 
sales of each segment; (ii) each application area's contribution to the net sales of the total Group; (iii) each 
segment's contribution to the net sales of the total Group; and (iv) each distribution channel's contribution 
to the net sales of the total Group, each for the year ended 31 December 2022:  
 
For the year ended 31 December 2022 
 
Food & 
Beverage 
Climate 
Power & 
Control 
Other 
applications 
Total 
 
(per cent.) 
Americas 
22 
44 
15 
19 
23 
EMEA 
36 
47 
12 
5 
27 
APAC 
41 
33 
19 
7 
8 
Marine 
3 
19 
59 
19 
22 
Global 
99 
0 
0 
1 
20 
Total 
39 
29 
21 
11 
100 
 
 
 
 
 
 
OEM 
 
 
 
 
44 
Service and Aftermarket 
 
 
 
 
27 
Distribution 
 
 
 
 
29 
 
 
 
 
 
100

--- Page 74 ---
- 67 - 
Food & Beverage  
For the year ended 31 December 2022, the Food & Beverage application area generated 39 per cent. of the 
Group's net sales (as compared to 29 per cent. for the year ended 31 December 2021). For the three months 
ended 31 March 2023, Food & Beverage generated 40 per cent. of the Group's net sales (as compared to 38 
per cent. for the three months ended 31 March 2022).  
In the Food & Beverage application area, the Group provides products and solutions for leisure and 
professional mobile food and beverage applications, such as mobile coolers, refrigerators, mini bars, 
barbecue grills and other cooking products for use in recreational vehicles, pleasure and workboats, trucks 
and premium cars and for a variety of other uses.  
Power & Control 
For the year ended 31 December 2022, the Power & Control application area generated 21 per cent. of the 
Group's net sales (as compared to 21 per cent. for the year ended 31 December 2021). For the three months 
ended 31 March 2023, the Power & Control application area generated 22 per cent. of the Group's net sales 
(as compared to 20 per cent. for the three months ended 31 March 2022). 
In the Power & Control application area, the Group provides products and solutions for leisure and 
professional mobile power and control applications, such as steering systems for boats, solar panels and 
batteries for use in recreational vehicles, pleasure and workboats, trucks and premium cars and for a variety 
of other uses.  
Climate  
For the year ended 31 December 2022, the Climate application area generated 29 per cent. of the Group's 
net sales (as compared to 37 per cent. for the year ended 31 December 2021). For the three months ended 
31 March 2023, Climate generated 29 per cent. of the Group's net sales (as compared to 32 per cent. for the 
three months ended 31 March 2022).  
In the Climate application area, the Group provides products and solutions for leisure and professional 
mobile climate and temperature control applications, such as air conditioners, awnings, vents, tents and 
other heating solutions for use in recreational vehicles, pleasure and workboats, trucks and premium cars 
and for a variety of other uses.  
Other  
For the year ended 31 December 2022, the Other applications area generated 11 per cent. of the Group's 
net sales (as compared to 13 per cent. for the year ended 31 December 2021). For the three months ended 
31 March 2023, the Other application area generated 10 per cent. of the Group's net sales (as compared to 
10 per cent. for the three months ended 31 March 2022). 
In the Other application area, the Group provides products and solutions for leisure and professional mobile 
applications, such as sanitation solutions, spare parts and complementary products for use in recreational 
vehicles, pleasure and workboats, trucks and premium cars and for a variety of other uses. 
Segments 
The Group is divided into five segments: Americas, EMEA, APAC, Global and Marine. The table below 
sets out the businesses included in each segment:  
Segment(s) 
Businesses included in each segment 
Americas, EMEA and APAC 
Products and solutions for: 
• 
Recreational vehicles (RV) 
• 
Commercial and passenger vehicles (CPV) 
• 
Stand-alone outdoor products  
Global  
• Other global verticals (Residential, Hospitality, 
Mobile deliveries)

--- Page 75 ---
- 68 - 
 
 
• 
Igloo business  
Marine 
• 
The complete product offering for customers 
in the Marine industry 
 
Americas 
The Americas segment accounted for net sales of SEK 6,780 million for the year ended 31 December 2022 
and SEK 1,234 million for the three months ended 31 March 2023 (as compared to SEK 5,970 million for 
the year ended 31 December 2021 and SEK 1,927 million for the three months ended 31 March 2022). This 
segment had an EBITA before items affecting comparability of SEK 330 million and SEK -61 million in 
the same periods (as compared to SEK 398 million for the year ended 31 December 2021 and SEK 130 
million for the three months ended 31 March 2022) which represented an EBITA margin of 2.6 per cent. 
and -5.0 per cent. respectively. This segment is comprised of applicable business areas in North America, 
Latin America and the Caribbean. Selected customers of this segment include Forest River, Thor, Camping 
world, Daimler/Freightliner and John Deere. The United States represented 97 per cent. of the Group's net 
sales in the Americas segment for the year ended 31 December 2022 (compared to 95 per cent. for the year 
ended 31 December 2021). 
Food & Beverage 
For the year ended 31 December 2022, the Food & Beverage application area accounted for 22 per cent. of 
the net sales for the Americas segment, and 21 per cent. for the three months ended 31 March 2023 (as 
compared to 26 per cent. for the year ended 31 December 2021 and 23 per cent. for the three months ended 
31 March 2022). Selected Food & Beverage products sold to customers in the Americas segment include 
refrigerators, minibars, cooling compartments and mobile cooling products.  
Climate  
For the year ended 31 December 2022, the Climate application area accounted for 44 per cent. of the net 
sales for the Americas segment and 40 per cent. for the three months ended 31 March 2022 (as compared 
to 46 per cent. for the year ended 31 December 2021 and 44 per cent. for the three months ended 31 March 
2022). Selected Climate products sold to customers in the Americas segment include air conditioners, 
awnings and heating products.  
Power & Control 
For the year ended 31 December 2022, the Power & Control application area accounted for 15 per cent. of 
the net sales for the Americas segment and 16 per cent. for the three months ended 31 March 2023 (as 
compared to 9 per cent. for the year ended 31 December 2021 and 15 per cent. for the three months ended 
31 March 2022). Selected Power & Control products sold to customers in the Americas segment include 
batteries, control panels and energy solutions. 
Other  
For the year ended 31 December 2022, the Other application area accounted for 19 per cent. of the net sales 
for the Americas segment and 24 per cent. for the three months ended 31 March 2023 (as compared to 19 
per cent. for the year ended 31 December 2021 and 18 per cent. for the three months ended 31 March 2022). 
Selected Other products sold to customers within the Americas segment include sanitation solutions and 
complementary products. 
EMEA 
The EMEA segment accounted for net sales of SEK 7,970 million for the year ended 31 December 2022 
and SEK 2,170 million for the three months ended 31 March 2023 (as compared to SEK 6,981 million for 
the year ended 31 December 2021 and SEK 2,179 million for the three months ended 31 March 2022). The 
segment had an EBITA before items affecting comparability of SEK 838 million and SEK 185 million in

--- Page 76 ---
- 69 - 
the same periods (as compared to SEK 948 million for the year ended 31 December 2021 and SEK 385 
million for the three months ended 31 March 2022) which represented an EBITA margin of 12.1 per cent. 
and 8.5 per cent. respectively. This segment is comprised of applicable business areas in Europe, the Middle 
East and Africa. Selected customers of this segment include Trigano, Knaus Tabbert, Daimler, Scania, 
Volkswagen, MAN and Amazon. For the year ended 31 December 2022, 73 per cent. of the segment's net 
sales came from three countries: Germany, the UK and France, of which Germany was the single largest 
country with 63 per cent. of the net sales (as compared to 66 per cent. for the year ended 31 December 
2021). 
Food & Beverage 
For the year ended 31 December 2022, the Food & Beverage application area accounted for 36 per cent. of 
the net sales and 37 per cent. for the three months ended 31 March 2023 for the EMEA segment (as 
compared to 36 per cent. for the year ended 31 December 2021 and 35 per cent. for the three months ended 
31 March 2022). Selected Food & Beverage products sold to customers in the EMEA segment include 
refrigerators, cooling compartments, cooking products and mobile cooling products.  
Climate 
For the year ended 31 December 2022, the Climate application area accounted for 47 per cent. of the net 
sales for the EMEA segment and 47 per cent. for the three months ended 31 March 2023 (as compared to 
49 per cent. for the year ended 31 December 2021 and 49 per cent. for the three months ended 31 March 
2022). Selected Climate products sold to customers in the EMEA segment include air conditioners, parking 
coolers, windows, awnings and air conditioning service stations.  
Power & Control 
For the year ended 31 December 2022, the Power & Control application area accounted for 12 per cent. of 
the net sales for the EMEA segment and 11 per cent. for the three months ended 31 March 2023 (as 
compared to 9 per cent. for the year ended 31 December 2021 and 12 per cent. for the three months ended 
31 March 2022). Selected Power & Control products sold to customers in the EMEA segment include 
batteries, control panels and energy solutions. 
Other  
For the year ended 31 December 2022, the Other application area accounted for 5 per cent. of the net sales 
for the EMEA segment and 5 per cent. for the three months ended 31 March 2023 (as compared to 6 per 
cent. for the year ended 31 December 2021 and 4 per cent. for the three months ended 31 March 2022). 
Selected Other products sold to customers in the EMEA segment include toilets and complementary 
products. 
APAC 
The APAC segment accounted for net sales of SEK 2,231 million for the year ended 31 December 2022 
and SEK 501 million for the three months ended 31 March 2023 (as compared to SEK 1,916 million for 
the year ended 31 December 2021 and SEK 535 million for the three months ended 31 March 2022). The 
segment had an EBITA before items affecting comparability of SEK 555 million and SEK 130 million in 
the same period (as compared to SEK 525 million for the year ended 31 December 2021 and SEK 136 
million for the three months ended 31 March 2022) which represented an EBITA margin of 21.2 per cent. 
and 25.9 per cent. respectively. Selected customers of the APAC segment include Jayco, New Age 
Caravans, SAIC, Super Retail Group and Anaconda. Australia represented 81 per cent. of the net sales of 
the APAC segment for the year ended 31 December 2022 as compared to 77 per cent. for the year ended 
31 December 2021. 
Food & Beverage 
For the year ended 31 December 2022, the Food & Beverage application area accounted for 41 per cent. of 
the net sales for the APAC segment and 36 per cent. for the three months ended 31 March 2023 (as 
compared to 46 per cent. for the year ended 31 December 2021 and 43 per cent. for the three months ended 
31 March 2022). Selected Food & Beverage products sold to customers in the APAC segment include 
refrigerators, minibars, mobile cooling products and cooking products.

--- Page 77 ---
- 70 - 
Climate 
For the year ended 31 December 2022, Climate application area accounted for 33 per cent. of the net sales 
for the APAC region and 35 per cent. for the three months ended 31 March 2023 (as compared to 37 per 
cent. for the year ended 31 December 2021 and 33 per cent. for the three months ended 31 March 2022). 
Selected Climate products sold to customers in the APAC segment include air conditioners, windows, doors 
and awnings. 
Power & Control 
For the year ended 31 December 2022, the Power & Control application area accounted for 19 per cent. of 
the net sales for the APAC segment and 21 per cent. for the three months ended 31 March 2023 (as 
compared to 12 per cent. for the year ended 31 December 2021 and 17 per cent. for the three months ended 
31 March 2022). Selected Power & Control products sold to customers in the APAC segment include 
batteries, solar panels and energy solutions. 
Other  
For the year ended 31 December 2022, Other application area accounted for 7 per cent. of the net sales for 
the APAC segment and 8 per cent. for the three months ended 31 March 2023 (as compared to 5 per cent. 
for the year ended 31 December 2021 and 7 per cent. for the three months ended 31 March 2022). Selected 
Other products sold to customers in the APAC segment include sanitation solutions and complementary 
products. 
Global 
The Global segment consists of the Igloo business and other global verticals (Residential, Hospitality and 
Mobile Deliveries). The Global segment accounted for net sales of SEK 318 million for the year ended 31 
December 2022, and SEK 1,628 million for the three months ended 31 March 2023 (as compared to SEK 
1,201 million for the year ended 31 December 2021 and SEK 1,390 million for the three months ended 31 
March 2022). The Global segment had an EBITA before items affecting comparability of SEK 464 million 
and SEK 130 million in the same period (as compared to SEK 102 million for the year ended 31 December 
2021 and SEK 91 million for the three months ended 31 March 2022) which represented an EBITA margin 
of 12.0 per cent. and 8.0 per cent. respectively. Selected customers of the Global segment include Wallmart, 
Costco and Supervalu. 
Food & Beverage 
For the year ended 31 December 2022, the Food & Beverage application area accounted for 99 per cent. of 
the net sales for the Global segment, and 98 per cent. for the three months ended 31 March 2023 (as 
compared to 95 per cent. for the year ended 31 December 2021 and 99 per cent. for the three months ended 
31 March 2022). Selected Food & Beverage application area products sold to customers within the Global 
segment include mobile cooling products, refrigerators, minibars and barbeque grills.  
Climate  
For the year ended 31 December 2022, the Climate application area accounted for 0 per cent. of the net 
sales for the Global segment and 0 per cent. for the three months ended 31 March 2022 (as compared to 0 
per cent. for the year ended 31 December 2021 and 0 per cent. for the three months ended 31 March 2023). 
Selected Climate application area products sold to customers within the Global segment include air 
conditioners. 
Power & Control 
For the year ended 31 December 2022, the Power & Control application area accounted for 0 per cent. of 
the net sales for the Global segment and 0 per cent. for the three months ended 31 March 2023 (as compared 
to 0 per cent. for the year ended 31 December 2021 and 0 per cent. for the three months ended 31 March 
2022).

--- Page 78 ---
- 71 - 
Other  
For the year ended 31 December 2022, Other application areas accounted for 1 per cent. of the net sales for 
the Global segment and 1 per cent. for the three months ended 31 March 2023 (as compared to 4 per cent. 
for the year ended 31 December 2021 and 1 per cent. for the three months ended 31 March 2022). Selected 
Other application area products sold to customers within the Global segment include sanitation solutions 
and complementary products. 
Marine 
The Marine segment accounted for net sales of SEK 6,695 million for the year ended 31 December 2022 
and SEK 1,756 million for the three months ended 31 March 2023 (as compared to SEK 5,404 million for 
the year ended 31 December 2021 and SEK 1,486 million for the three months ended 31 March 2022). The 
segment had an EBITA before items affecting comparability of SEK 1,743 million and SEK 462 million in 
the same period (as compared to SEK 1,375 million for the year ended 31 December 2021 and SEK 371 
million for the three months ended 31 March 2022) which represented an EBITA margin of 24.8 per cent. 
and 26.3 per cent. respectively. Selected customers of the Marine segment include West Marine, Yamaha, 
Benetau and Seabreeze. 
Food & Beverage 
For the year ended 31 December 2022, the Food & Beverage application area accounted for 3 per cent. of 
the net sales for the Marine segment, and 3 per cent. for the three months ended 31 March 2023 (as 
compared to 4 per cent. for the year ended 31 December 2021 and 3 per cent. for the three months ended 
31 March 2022). Selected Food & Beverage application area products sold to customers within the Marine 
segment include refrigerators and mobile cooling products.  
Climate  
For the year ended 31 December 2022, the Climate application area accounted for 19 per cent. of the net 
sales for the Marine segment and 22 per cent. for the three months ended 31 March 2023 (as compared to 
19 per cent. for the year ended 31 December 2021 and 19 per cent. for the three months ended 31 March 
2022). Selected Climate application area products sold to customers within the Marine segment include air 
conditioners, blinds, windows and heating products. 
Power & Control 
For the year ended 31 December 2022, the Power & Control application area accounted for 59 per cent. of 
the net sales for the Marine segment and 60 per cent. for the three months ended 31 March 2023 (as 
compared to 56 per cent. for the year ended 31 December 2021 and 59 per cent. for the three months ended 
31 March 2022). Selected Power & Control application area products sold to customers within the Marine 
segment include steering systems and fuel systems. 
Other  
For the year ended 31 December 2022, the Other application area accounted for 19 per cent. of the net sales 
for the Marine segment and 19 per cent. for the three months ended 31 March 2023 (as compared to 21 per 
cent. for the year ended 31 December 2021 and 19 per cent. for the three months ended 31 March 2022). 
Selected Other products sold to customers within the Marine segment include sanitation solutions and 
complementary products. 
Financial Highlights 
The table below sets out certain of the Group's financial highlights for the yearly and quarterly periods 
indicated:

--- Page 79 ---
- 72 - 
 
 
The Group's net sales totalled SEK 29,764 million for the year ended 31 December 2022 and SEK 7,289 
million for the three months ended 31 March 2023 (as compared to SEK 21,516 million for the year ended 
31 December 2021 and SEK 7518 million for the three months ended 31 March 2022). The Group's 
operating profit (EBITA) totalled SEK 3,399 million for the year ended 31 December 2022 and SEK 821 
million for the three months ended 31 March 2023 (as compared to SEK 3,225 million for the year ended 
31 December 2021 and SEK 955 million for the three months ended 31 March 2022). Operating profit 
(EBITA) before items affecting comparability amounted to SEK 3,931 million for the year ended 31 
December 2022 and SEK 847 million for the three months ended 31 March 2023 (as compared to SEK 
3,348 million for the year ended 31 December 2021 and SEK 1,114 million for the three months ended 31 
March 2022). 
The Group's items affecting comparability totalled SEK -532 million for the year ended 31 December 2022 
(as compared to SEK -123 million for the year ended 31 December 2021), of which SEK 499 million related 
to the global restructuring program of the Group and SEK 33 million related to other items.  
The Group's financial items amounted to a net loss of SEK 351 million for the year ended 31 December 
2022 (as compared to a net loss of SEK 499 million for the year ended 31 December 2021). Financial items 
amounted to a net expense of SEK 196 million for the three months ended 31 March 2023 (as compared to 
a net expense of SEK 127 million for the three months ended 31 March 2022). 
The Group's taxes totalled SEK 654 million for the year ended 31 December 2022 (as compared to SEK 
630 million for the year ended 31 December 2021). The Group's taxes totalled SEK 137 million for the 
three months ended 31 March 2023 (as compared to SEK 192 million for the three months ended 31 March 
2022). 
The Group's cash flow from financing, including paid interest, amounted to SEK -570 million for the year 
ended 31 December 2022 (as compared to SEK 4,028 million for the year ended 31 December 2021). The 
cash flow in 2022 included an increase in net borrowings (which amounted to SEK 1,000 million for the 
year ended 31 December 2022 as compared to SEK 2,062 million for the year ended 31 December 2021). 
The Group's cash flow from financing, including paid interest, amounted to SEK -129 million for the three 
months ended 31 March 2023 (as compared to SEK --149 million for the three months ended 31 March 
2022). 
In addition, the Group had unutilised loan facilities under its revolving credit facility amounting to SEK 
2,170 million as of 31 December 2022. These credit facilities may terminate upon the occurrence of certain 
customary event, including in connection with a change of control of the Group or a delisting of the Issuer 
from Nasdaq Stockholm. For further details of the Group's credit/loan facilities, please see Note 21 of 
Dometic's 2022 Annual Financial Statements. 
Q1 2023
Q4 2022
Q3 2022 Q2 2022
Q1 2022
Q4 2021
Q3 2021
Q2 2021
Q1 2021
Q4 2020
Q3 2020
Q2 2020
Q1 2020
EBITA before items affecting comparability (i.a.c.) 
847
430
1057
1330
1 114
632
879
1 036
801
536
763
437
498
EBITA margin before i.a.c. 
11,6%
7,0%
14,0%
15,70%
14,8%
11,4%
15,9%
18,6%
16,5%
12,7%
17,1%
13,1%
11,9%
Net Sales Growth/ Organic growth 
-13%
-11%
-6%
-1%
7%
2%
11%
66%
22%
15%
-3%
-38%
-14%
Net Debt/ EBITDA 
3.2x
3.0x
3.0x
2.9x
2.7x
2,6x
1.5x
1.4x
2.3x
2.0x
2.8x
3.1x
2.8x
EBITA before i.a.c.
Americas 
-61
-60
100
160
130
72
91
128
107
40
96
7
-31
EMEA 
185
-62
162
352
385
93
257
350
247
85
229
176
197
APAC 
130
129
151
136
136
149
131
141
104
115
48
39
78
Marine
462
422
469
485
371
292
362
390
331
291
381
205
239
Global
130
1
174
197
91
25
37
29
12
4
9
10
15
847
430
1 057
1 330
1 114
632
879
1 036
801
536
763
437
498
Net Sales
Americas 
1234
1192
1718
1944
1 927
1 516
1 724
1 438
1 292
1 235
1 258
828
1 126
EMEA 
2170
1602
1871
2319
2 179
1 520
1 733
2 050
1 678
1 279
1 514
1 287
1 549
APAC 
501
586
567
524
535
546
516
466
433
434
280
272
328
Marine
1756
1651
1828
1750
1 486
1 272
1 373
1 427
1 332
1 202
1 328
864
1 103
Global
1628
1142
1592
1962
1 390
688
199
190
124
63
84
78
93
7 289
6 172
7 576
8 498
7 518
5 542
5 545
5 571
4 858
4 213
4 466
3 329
4 199
(unless otherwise stated)
Amounts in SEK million

--- Page 80 ---
- 73 - 
Credit rating 
The long-term obligations of the Issuer are rated BB- by S&P Global Ratings Europe Limited ("S&P") and 
Ba2 by Moody's Investors Service ("Moody's"). S&P and Moody's are each established in the European 
Union and registered under Regulation (EC) No. 1060/2009, as amended. 
Sales, marketing and branding 
The Group incurred sales and marketing expenses of SEK 2,185 million, (7.3 per cent. of net sales) for the 
year ended 31 December 2022 (as compared to SEK 1,593 million (7.4 per cent. of net sales) for the year 
ended 31 December 2021) and SEK 562 million (2 per cent. of net sales) for the three months ended 31 
March 2023 (as compared to SEK 524 million (7 per cent. of net sales) for the three months ended 31 March 
2022). 
The Group sells its products in approximately 100 countries. The responsibility for sales rest in the segments 
organisations with the largest sales organisations in Australia, China, France, Germany, Italy, the Nordic 
countries, Spain, the UK and the United States. 
The Group has three main go-to-market channels:  
• 
Distribution Stand-alone outdoor products through Distribution channels (such as physical and 
digital wholesalers and retailers, as well as the Issuer's B2C e-commerce). As well as Direct-To-
Consumer stand-alone products sold through Dometic.com and other supporting brand websites; 
• 
Service and Aftermarket products sold through a network of independent service dealers and 
service providers as well as through the Group's own service organisation; and 
• 
OEM Installed products through OEM manufacturers (in the RV, Marine and CPV vertical 
markets). 
The Group markets and sells its products under one main brand, Dometic, as well as (i) SeaStar and Sierra, 
a leading supplier of Service and Aftermarket parts as well as new equipment to the marine industry, (ii) 
Igloo, the world's largest brand of passive cooling boxes, and (iii) supporting brands providing solutions in 
mobile cooling, mobile cooking, mobile power as well as rest and storage.  
Product management and product development 
Product management ("Product Management") is a multi-disciplinary function within the Group that 
guides the strategic and tactical efforts of a product to ensure that a marketable product is delivered to the 
end user. Product Management's primary purpose is to gather market intelligence, perform 
customer/consumer research, and translate customer/consumer 'needs' and 'wants' into requirements. 
Product Management is a bridge between Sales and Product Development. 
Product development ("Product Development") is a focused function within the Group responsible for 
generating the product or solution that meets the requirements articulated by Project Management in terms 
of quality, performance and cost. 
In 2022, the Group's R&D costs amounted to SEK 531 million for the various business areas (equal to 1.8 
per cent. of net sales), compared to SEK 412 million in 2021 (1.9 per cent. of net sales) and SEK 336 
million in 2020 (2.1 per cent. of net sales). As of 31 March 2023, the Group's R&D costs amounted to SEK 
144 million (equal to 2.0 per cent. of net sales) for the various business areas. 
The current product development portfolio includes 98 active product development projects of various size 
and complexity. In addition to this, there are many small product improvements each year. The Group has 
a detailed and formal process on how to develop a product from idea to launch, called 'DPDP' (Dometic 
Product Development Process). All new products are required to have a separate and substantial business 
case that includes a multi-year plan, investment requirements and payback period. Including the 
development and industrialisation period, a new product usually takes 12 to 24 months to develop before it 
is launched in the targeted market. 
The Group's patent and design portfolio contains approximately 3,200 individual patents, utility models 
and design applications and/or granted registrations in countries all over the world. The patent strategy is

--- Page 81 ---
- 74 - 
to ensure that the Group is first with new innovations and has the freedom to operate versus its competitors. 
In recent years, there have been increased efforts with patents in order to reduce costs, increase number of 
inventions and improve the internal resource management. 
Manufacturing / assembly 
The Group operates a total of 24 manufacturing / assembly sites in the United States, Canada, Mexico, 
Europe, South Africa and China. The Group has actively sought to optimise its global manufacturing / 
assembly footprint and this has led to the closure / relocation of eight assembly sites since 2018. Four sites 
have been added through acquired businesses in 2021 and 2022. The Group believes that it has a balanced 
footprint and its current focus is on improving the sites through implementation of lean and automation. 
The current footprint is designed to balance customer proximity requirements with global cost benefits. For 
products such as air conditioners, cooling boxes, premium car board bars, generators, heaters, furnaces and 
sanitation, the Group has one global manufacturing site as it sees clear benefits from a global set-up. Other 
products such as refrigeration for RVs, awnings, air conditioners for Marine, cooking equipment and 
windows and doors have regional sites as proximity to the customers and flexibility is more important for 
these types of products. In these cases, the Group endeavours to locate manufacturing sites close to its 
customers in order to provide better customer service, particularly to facilitate customisation or design, 
delivery and after sales service. For example, the Group often integrates the OEM customers with resident 
engineers who sit at the customers' manufacturing and R&D sites so that the Group can customise products 
to meet customers' specific needs. This proximity to customers also helps to reduce transportation costs. 
Approximately 85 per cent. of the Group's products are manufactured in-house. This level of vertical 
integration is chosen to optimise cost and efficiency. As a result of this, certain products are almost 
completely produced by the Group and sourced components mainly include raw materials or basic 
components. For these products, the Group considers itself to have high technical core competence and 
have a competitive manufacturing process. In other products, the scope of the manufacturing / assembly is 
limited to assembly and testing. Such products include sourced key components and the Group's rationale 
is that the supplier bases have better know-how of the manufacturing process and have a more cost-effective 
production of the components whereas the Group has the engineering and design know-how for the finished 
product. 
The following table sets forth the manufacturing / assembly sites that the Group operates, including the 
main products which are manufactured at each site, as of 31 December 2022: 
Location 
Main products 
Canada 
 
Vancouver, British Columbia 
Marine – hydraulic & electronic steering 
China 
 
Shenzhen 
Mobile cooling, power electronics mainly for CPV 
Zhuhai 
Refrigerators, air conditioners for RV, Trucks 
 
Germany 
 
Dillenburg 
Lights 
Krautheim 
Windows and doors 
Siegen 
RV refrigerators 
 
Hungary 
 
Jászberény 
Compact refrigerators and mobile cooling boxes 
Italy 
 
Forli 
Generators 
Milan 
Marine air conditioners

--- Page 82 ---
- 75 - 
 
Purchasing and logistics 
The Group sources a wide range of materials, components and finished products on a global basis. In total, 
the Group uses approximately 2,900 (excluding acquisitions from 2021) suppliers to purchase 
approximately 65,000 components on an annual basis. The Group has a global purchasing function with 
regional execution and the purchasing organisation reports directly to the Head of Group Operations. The 
Group's supplier footprint is spread across mainly Europe, Asia and North America, with the largest 
supplier origin countries being China, United States, Germany, Taiwan, Italy, Mexico, Taiwan and Canada. 
The Group has operational purchasing functions and warehouses in each of the 24 manufacturing / assembly 
sites and orders direct material from the global supplier base. 
The Group has a global supply chain network and sources from suppliers in 47 countries. For the year ended 
31 December 2022, total direct material expenses (consisting of raw materials and manufacturing supplies) 
amounted to SEK 16,018 million (as compared to SEK 10,412 million for the year ended 31 December 
2021). The majority of the supply chain network is related to components or semi-finished components as 
well as externally traded products (purchasing finished products designed by the Group but manufactured 
by third-party manufacturers). The Group's part of the OEM supply chain is set up to take on orders where 
the manufacturing / assembly sites deliver directly to the OEM customers with lead times of a couple of 
weeks (from order to delivery). The Group prepares monthly/weekly forecasts on upcoming deliveries 
based on customer production schedules. The Group's Service and Aftermarket supply chain is typically 
set up to build stock where the manufacturing / assembly sites deliver to the Group's central distribution 
centres, shortening lead times down to 1 to 3 days (from order to delivery, provided products are available 
in the distribution centres). The Group prepares yearly/monthly forecasts based on historical sales statistics 
and sales company inputs. 
For the year ended 31 December 2022, the Group's 20 largest suppliers accounted for 24 per cent. of the 
total direct materials expenses (as compared to 25 per cent. for the year ended 31 December 2021). From a 
Location 
Main products 
Mexico 
 
Monterrey 
Air Conditioners for RV 
Tijuana 
Plastic valves 
 
Slovakia 
 
Filakovo 
Kitchen appliances, sinks, air conditioning systems and 
blinds 
South Africa 
 
Johannesburg  
Roof racks 
 
Sweden 
 
Tidaholm 
Window components 
UK 
 
Selsey 
Blinds and fabrics 
United States 
 
Big Prairie, Ohio 
Sanitation 
Cerritos, California 
Grills 
Greenbrier, Tennessee 
Water heaters, ranges 
Katy, Texas 
Passive cooling boxes 
Limerick, Pennsylvania 
Marine – mechanical steering 
Manchester, Vermont 
Blinds and fabrics 
Pompano Beach, Florida 
Marine – air conditioning 
Sparta, Tennessee 
Marine – fuel systems 
Stuart, Florida 
Marine – digital integration boating systems

--- Page 83 ---
- 76 - 
longer-term perspective the Group is not critically dependent on any supplier but has several key suppliers 
for strategic components. The Group monitors these suppliers continuously to minimise the risk of 
becoming heavily dependent on one supplier. 
The ability to transfer increases in prices of direct materials to customers depends on the term and type of 
contract entered into with the customers in each business area. In general the Group includes a clause in 
customer contracts which enables renegotiation of prices in situations when costs levels change as a result 
of, for example, freight limitations, raw material price developments or currency movements. The notice 
period differs depending on customer type. In CPV OEM-channel long-term contracts are standard which 
limits the possibility to pass on price increases. 
The Group has three main distribution centres for finished products: Emsdetten in Germany, and Goshen 
and Litchfield in the United States. In addition, the Group has a number of local warehouses in key countries 
across the EMEA, Americas and APAC segments to enable fast delivery of finished products to respond to 
local market needs. For large customers, especially in the OEM sector, the Group has direct deliveries from 
the manufacturing / assembly sites. The Group external logistics suppliers for ocean, truck and air transport, 
these suppliers are mainly managed by logistics functions regionally with some coordination and 
collaboration globally. 
Employees 
The Group is committed to ensuring that the workplaces are attractive. Key areas include creating diverse 
work environments and ensuring that the Group complies with its equal opportunity policy when hiring and 
when providing development opportunities to its employees to enable them to reach their full potential. 
As of 31 December 2022, the Group had an average number of 8,834 employees (as of 31 December 2021, 
7,650 employees). 65 per cent. of the Group's employees are located in China, Germany and the United 
States. Certain of the Issuer's subsidiaries, primarily in Europe and the United States, have entered into 
collective bargaining agreements with trade unions either directly or through membership of employer 
organisations. Most of these agreements are nationwide and locked for, on average, 3 years. The Group 
takes a constructive approach to union relationships where there are unionised sites and has been able to 
secure the co-operation in close dialogue with both unions and co-workers to create a positive and 
constructive work environment. 
Dometic's values 
The Group's values set the standards for how the Group operates and how it interacts both internally and 
with external parties. Four core values provide direction for the leaders and employees: Passion for 
Products, Ownership, Responsibility and Teamwork, together, this is referred to as the 'Dometic Way'. The 
Group also has Group-wide Code of Conduct that applies to all employees in all entities. The Code of 
Conduct focuses on healthy workplaces and business conditions that are in line with international laws and 
regulations. To ensure compliance with its Code of Conduct, the Group has established a whistle-blower 
function called the 'Dometic SpeakUp Line'. It offers employees in all entities the ability to report potential 
misconduct in their own language. For the sake of integrity and confidentiality the whistle-blower tool is 
managed by an external vendor and can be reached via a free-of-charge telephone number or via the 
internet. 
Information technology ("IT") 
The Group aims to set the standard for digital channels / platforms in the mobile living industry. To succeed 
with its digital transformation, the Group seeks to redefine the role of IT and is in the ongoing process of 
establishing a Group-wide IT-architecture that utilises common platforms, focusing on a seamless 
information-flow. The Group's efforts and priorities are focused on the following four areas: 
• 
Global Enterprise Resource Planning ("ERP") & Customer Relationship Management ("CRM") 
platforms – common business operating model & integrated global supply chain; 
• 
Collaboration platform – to create an efficient and mobile organisation that enables data driven 
decision making; 
• 
E-commerce / Order Handling – to create efficiency, customer intimacy and new sales channels; 
and

--- Page 84 ---
- 77 - 
• 
Internet Of Things / Smart Products – redefining the role of IT in product development with focus 
on customer experience and new revenue streams. 
Intellectual property 
The Group holds a large number of trademarks, domain names, utility models, registered designs and 
patents, which are of importance for product development and to maintain competitiveness. The Group's 
patent and design portfolio contains approximately 3,200 individual patents, utility models and design 
applications and/or granted registrations in countries all over the world. The management of the Group 
believes that it is the broad scope of the portfolio that is of importance from a strategic and competitive 
perspective. 
The Group markets and sells its products under one main global brand, Dometic, as well as other global 
brands such as Igloo. As a result of the acquisition of SeaStar in 2017 and Kampa in December 2018, 
SeaStar, Kampa were added to the portfolio along with a number of other secondary tradenames. The 
acquisitions of Twin Eagles, Enerdrive, Frontrunner, Valterra, Buttner Zampsolar, Cadac and NDS Energy 
added new brands to the portfolio. These will initially be double branded. The exception is the acquisition 
of Igloo, where the existing Igloo brand will remain. 
The Group is the holder of approximately 1,700 trademark registrations or pending applications, as well as 
approximately 250 active domain name registrations including dometicgroup.com, dometicgroup.se and 
mobicool.com. The Group has an established trademark and domain name policy pursuant to which the 
Group focuses on already existing trademarks and does not normally register slogans, product names and 
feature names. 
Since 2009, the Group has strived towards a centralised organisation for the administration of intellectual 
property rights where the ownership of intellectual property rights has been allocated to Dometic Sweden 
AB. Dometic Sweden AB shall hold and control the development, enhancement, maintenance and 
protection of the intellectual property rights of the Group. As a result, the majority, but not all, of the 
Group's intellectual property rights have been transferred from Group companies to Dometic Sweden AB. 
In addition to the internal efforts, the Group uses external patent/intellectual property attorneys in several 
countries, such as United States, Germany, Italy, China, Australia and Sweden, to assist it with maintenance 
and registrations. 
In connection with the intellectual property rights transfers, limited re-registrations of the Group's registered 
intellectual property rights have been made. Due to cost efficiency, Group companies remain the registered 
holder of such registrations and in the event a registration is subject to a dispute, the registration will be re-
registered to Dometic Sweden AB. Therefore, while certain existing intellectual property rights owned by 
Group companies are not necessarily recorded in the relevant registries in the name of Dometic Sweden 
AB, beneficial ownership of most Group intellectual property (Igloo and Seastar being the main exceptions) 
nevertheless remains with Dometic Sweden AB. All new registrations (other than Igloo and Seastar related 
registrations) are made with Dometic Sweden AB as registered holder. 
In quantitative terms, trademarks on the balance sheet as at 31 December 2022, defined as the allocation of 
cost of acquisition over the fair value of the acquired brands, comprise 17 per cent. of total intangible fixed 
assets. 
Insurance 
Where possible and cost attractive, the Group has arranged for Group wide insurance to cover the Group. 
Certain types of insurance (for example, car and travel insurance) are, however, difficult or impossible to 
arrange centrally and in those cases local insurance policies have been arranged in line with the Group 
insurance policies. Mandatory policies, such as worker's compensation and automobile liability, are 
purchased locally and comply with local laws and regulations. 
The Group's insurance includes policies for the Issuer and its subsidiaries, and covers (i) general product 
liability, (ii) product recalls, (iii) property and business interruption, (iv) crime, (v) marine cargo, (vi) 
directors and officers liability and (vii) employment practice liability, which are provided by a variety of 
Swedish and international insurers. As mentioned, the Group assesses that the Group's insurance coverage 
is in line with the coverage held by other companies in the sector and that the insurance coverage is adequate 
for the risks normally associated with the Group's business. However, there can be no guarantee that the

--- Page 85 ---
- 78 - 
Group would not suffer losses that are not covered by the Group's insurance. See also "Risk factors – Risks 
related to the Group – Design or manufacturing defects in the Group's products or other defects may cause 
the Group to incur material costs and/or reputational issues as a result of product liability or warranty 
claims or related to recalls or reworks". 
Regulation 
Environment 
The Group's operations routinely involve the handling of significant amounts of chemical substances, some 
of which are classified as hazardous and subject the Group to significant environmental regulations. 
Chemicals used, currently and historically, at the majority of the Group's manufacturing / assembly sites 
include solvents/degreasing agents, cooling agents (for filling of air conditioners and refrigerators) and PU-
foam components. Solvents used for degreasing are currently mainly alkaline and phosphorous based. 
However, some chemicals, which are classified as hazardous, are of greater concern from an environmental 
perspective and have been in use, and are still in use, in a number of facilities. An example of this is 
chromate, which is used in the Group's absorption refrigerators. The phase out of this substance commenced 
in 2020. 
The Group is subject to a number of European Union, national, regional, state and local laws and regulations 
on a wide range of environmental, occupational safety and health, nuisance, zoning, land use and other 
regulatory matters. 
The Group's operations require it to maintain certain environmental permits for the production of its 
products, including, air emissions permits, stormwater permits, wastewater discharge permits, hazardous 
waste handling and disposal permits, and chemicals handling and storage permits. In addition, the Group's 
production units have generally been certified according to ISO9001 Quality Management System and 
ISO14001 Environmental Management System. 
Compliance matters are handled centrally through the adoption of guidelines and establishment of standards 
and principles and locally by each respective Group company responsible for implementation, follow up 
and handling of day-to-day matters. See also "Risk factors - The Group is subject to stringent environmental 
laws and other regulations, and the violation of, or the cost of compliance with, such laws and regulations 
could have a material adverse effect on the Group's operations and cash flows". 
Product safety 
The Group operates in many markets across the world and its products are subject to a number of regulatory 
standards relating to both the product design and production. These include legislation relating to restricted 
substances, testing of gas appliances (global) and electrical safety (global). In addition, the Group's products 
are often found in the interface between various legislations depending on their classification which may 
also differ in different countries. As a consequence there may be overlapping requirements that may create 
challenges for the Group to place its products in the market. Furthermore, the legislative landscape is 
constantly changing and due to its global operations several non-harmonised rules could apply. The Group 
closely monitors the development of the legislative landscape to ensure that it is aware of upcoming 
changes. To meet these challenges, the Group has increased its efforts to closely monitor ongoing matters, 
implemented specific software for more stringent follow up and engaged external consultants for deeper 
knowledge around more complex requirements. Product compliance is an integral part of the business and 
is managed on a Group level, by the Dometic Compliance Board as well as and on regional and local level 
by Compliance Managers. 
Health and safety 
The Group works to safeguard a healthy and safe environment for all employees. This means that every 
employee at Dometic is expected to take responsibility for Health and Safety in every step in his/her daily 
work. Managers in Dometic are required to provide a clear and visible leadership built on respect and 
concern for employees and partners. To ensure awareness among employees, the Group provides a global 
health and safety ("H&S") e-learning program to all factory employees. The Group's H&S guideline is a 
key component of the factory management systems and aims to ensure a common high standard across the 
Group. Another component of the factory management systems is the 'Dometic Loss Prevention Guideline' 
(DLPG), which is designed to guide the Group's production sites on safety and security measures to reduce

--- Page 86 ---
- 79 - 
risk, ensure compliance with industry practices, and maintain high standards for safety, environment, 
quality and delivery.  
Our H&S guideline requires the creation, operation and continuous improvement of a management system 
for occupational health and safety that is based on the ISO standard 45001. Many locations have their health 
and safety management system certified by external companies according to the standard. Moreover, the 
Group conducts regular assessments of all production sites with third parties to analyse potential risks. In 
2022, third-party audits resumed after Covid 19 travel restrictions were lifted. H&S, DLPG and 
International Organisation for Standardisation remote audits were carried out, focusing on increasing 
control of the working environment, and implementing preventive measures based on the results of the 
audits. 
The main focus during 2022 was on risk identification, mitigation, and elimination, and to strengthening 
local procedures in line with the H&S Guideline. The H&S organisation has been strengthened with more 
local and regional HSE (Health, Safety, Environment) resources supporting Dometic’s operations. 
Additionally, a review and update of the H&S Guideline was completed. In 2022, Dometic implemented 
the AFA Försäkring Information System on Work Environment incident reporting system for Health, Safety 
& Environment with a full roll out across the company in January 2023. The new incident system will 
enable the group to further learn from events that occur and promote an open climate where reporting of 
incidents, accidents or other events or risks is a natural part and an important foundation to constantly 
improve. 
In 2022, the Group established more programmes to support the organisation e.g. the EMEA EHS 
Campaign for raising awareness and to develop safer behaviours among the Group's employees, the Marine 
“spot the hazard” programme which helps identify and track unsafe conditions within facilities and the 
Americas programme which makes the workplaces more ergonomic. 
In 2022, like other businesses, Dometic was impacted by the pandemic. Dometic managed to coordinate its 
Health & Safety efforts efficiently by taking rigorous measures and sharing best practices in order to avoid 
potential spreading in its factories. 
In 2022, Dometic continued the improvement of its safety and reached an all-time low Lost Time Injury 
Frequency Rate of 1.6 - which corresponds to 25 lost time injuries and an improvement of 31 per cent. 
compared to the baseline year.  
Litigation and arbitration 
At any given time, the Group may be party to litigation or subject to non-litigated claims arising out of the 
normal operation of its business, such as ordinary warranty claims, claims related to products delayed in 
transport, other product claims (such as claims that the Group has provided products that do not meet 
specifications), and claims from employees related to work injury or wrongful dismissal. Save as described 
below, the Group does not expect any liability arising from any of the claims or litigations to have a material 
impact on the Group's results of operations, liquidity, capital resources or financial position. The outcome 
of legal proceedings, however, can be extremely difficult to predict with certainty, and the Group can offer 
no assurances in this regard. For further information, see "Risk factors – The Group is exposed to the risk 
of litigation, investigations and other proceedings". 
ACON Igloo Holdings LLC, the seller of Igloo, filed a lawsuit against Dometic in the fourth quarter of 
2022, making certain claims related to the Stock Purchase Agreement ("SPA"). Dometic is confident that 
the lawsuit lacks any merit, is vehemently contesting this lawsuit and has filed a motion to stay the 
proceedings and compel ACON’s compliance with the dispute resolution provisions of the SPA. 
Additionally, Dometic has filed counterclaims against ACON related to its conduct under, and non-
compliance with, the SPA.  
Corporate governance 
Corporate governance in the Group is based on the Swedish Companies Act, the Swedish Annual Accounts 
Act, the Nordic Main Market Rulebook for Issuers of Shares and the Swedish Corporate Governance Code 
(the "Code"), and other applicable Swedish and foreign laws, rules and regulations as well as internal 
regulations in terms of the Group's governing documents. The Code is published on the website of the 
Swedish Corporate Governance Board, which administers the Code: www.corporategovernanceboard.se.

--- Page 87 ---
- 80 - 
The Code applies to all Swedish companies with shares listed on a regulated market in Sweden. The Issuer 
is not obliged to comply with every rule in the Code as the Code itself provides for the possibility to deviate 
from the rules, provided that any such deviations and the chosen alternative solutions are described, and 
the reasons therefore are explained in the corporate governance report (according to the so-called "comply 
or explain principle"). 
Shareholders' meeting 
Pursuant to the Swedish Companies Act ((2005:551) (Sw. aktiebolagslagen)), the shareholders' meeting is 
the Issuer's ultimate decision-making body and the shareholders exercise their voting rights at such 
meetings. At the annual shareholders' meeting, shareholders have the opportunity to ask questions about 
the Issuer and the Group and the results for the past year. The annual shareholders' meeting of the Issuer is 
held in Stockholm, Sweden, usually in April or May.  
At the shareholders' meeting, the shareholders exercise their voting rights in key issues, such as the adoption 
of income statements and balance sheets, appropriation of the Issuer's results, discharge from liability of 
the members of the Board and the CEO, election of members of the Board and external auditor and 
remuneration to the members of the Board and the external auditor. Participation in decision-making 
requires the shareholder's presence at the meeting, either personally or through a proxy. 
Board of directors 
The Board is the second-highest decision-making body of the Issuer after the shareholders' meeting and the 
highest executive body of the Issuer. According to the Swedish Companies Act, the Board is responsible 
for the organisation of the Issuer and the management of the Issuer's affairs, which means that the Board is 
responsible for, among other things, making decisions concerning major investments and operational 
changes, setting targets and establishing strategies, securing routines and systems for evaluation of such 
targets, continuously assessing the financial condition and profits as well as evaluating the operating 
management. The Board is also responsible for ensuring that annual reports and interim reports are prepared 
in a timely manner. Moreover, the Board appoints the CEO. The chairman of the Board has a leading role 
and is responsible for ensuring that the Board's work is well organised and performed efficiently. 
Members of the Board are elected by the annual shareholders' meeting for the period until the end of the 
next annual shareholders' meeting. According to the Issuer's Articles of Association, the members of the 
Board elected by the shareholders' meeting shall be not less than three and not more than eight members 
with not more than three deputy members. The chairman of the Board is elected by the annual shareholders' 
meeting and shall have a special responsibility for leading the work of the Board and for ensuring that the 
work of the Board is efficiently organised. 
The Board consists of eight ordinary members, including the chairman of the Board, with no deputy 
members, all of whom are elected for the period up until the end of the annual shareholders' meeting 2023. 
The address of each of the members of the Board is the registered office of the Issuer: Dometic Group AB 
(publ), Hemvärnsgatan 15, 171 54 Solna, Sweden. 
There are no conflicts of interest or potential conflicts of interest between the obligations of the members 
of the Board and their private interests and/or other undertakings. 
The table below shows the members of the Board as at the date of this Base Prospectus: 
FREDRIK CAPPELEN 
Born 1957. Chairman of the board since 2013. Chairman of the Remuneration Committee. 
Education: 
M.Sc. in Economics from Uppsala University. Studies in political 
science at Uppsala University. 
Other current 
assignments: 
Chairman of the board of directors of Transcom WorldWide AB, Eterna 
Invest AB, Ideal of Sweden AB, Rossignol Group S.A. and Zacco AS. 
Previous assignments  
(last five years): 
Chairman of the board of directors of Dustin Group AB, Byggmax Group 
AB, Granngården AB, Svedbergs AB, Sanitec Oy, Terveystalo Oy and 
KonfiDents GmbH. Chairman and deputy chairman of the board of 
directors of Munksjö AB. Member of the board of directors of Carnegie 
Investment Bank AB and Cramo Oy. CEO and President of Nobia AB. 
CEO and member of the Group management of STORA Building-

--- Page 88 ---
- 81 - 
products AB. Vice President Marketing and Sales and member of Group 
management of STORA Finepaper AB. CEO of Kauko GmbH and 
Kauko International. 
RAINER E. SCHMÜCKLE 
Born 1959. Board member since 2011. Member of the Remuneration Committee. 
Education: 
Degree in Industrial Engineering at the University of Karlsruhe. 
Other current 
assignments: 
Chairman of the board of directors of STIGA C (Luxembourg) and 
STIGA SpA (Italy). Member of the board of directors of Autoneum AG 
(Switzerland), Kunstoffteile Schwanden AG (Switzerland), ACPS 
Automotive (Netherlands) and Canoo Inc. (USA). 
Previous assignments  
(last five years): 
Member of the board of directors of Wittur GmbH, Frostbite Holding 
AB and MAN Truck&Bus AG. CEO of MAG IAS GmbH. COO 
Automotive of Johnson Controls, Inc. and COO of Mercedes Cars of 
Daimler AG. President and CEO of Freightliner Corporation 
PATRIK FRISK 
Born 1963. Board member since 2023. Member of the Remuneration Committee. 
Education: 
High School Degree. 
Other current 
assignments: 
Member of the board of directors of First North USWE 
Previous assignments (last 
five years): 
Member of the board of directors of Gildan Activewear and Two Ten 
Footwear Foundation CEO of Under Armour, CEO and President of the 
Aldo Group and several managerial positions at VF Corporation (among 
others, as the President Outdoor & Actionsports EMEA responsible for 
The North Face, Vans, Jansport, Reef and Protec (2009-2011), President 
Timberland Inc. (2011-2014), President Outdoor Americas (2014) 
responsible for The North Face, Timberland, Smartwool, Jansport och 
Lucy), Nordic Snow Sports, Designer Labels, Peak Performance and 
W.I. Gore and Associates. 
ERIK OLSSON 
Born 1962. Board member since 2015. Chairman of the Audit Committee. 
Education: 
B.Sc. in Business Administration and Economics, Gothenburg School of 
Business, Economics and Law 
Other current 
assignments: 
The Chairman of Will Scot Mobile Mini, Inc. The Chairman of Ritchie 
Bros. Auctioneers, Inc. Member of the board of the non-profit 
organisation St Mary’s Food Bank Alliance 
Previous assignments (last 
five years): 
CEO and member of the board of directors of Mobile Mini Inc. CEO and 
member of the board of directors of RSC Holdings, Inc. Various senior 
positions in the United States, Brazil, and Sweden with the Atlas Copco 
Group. 
HELÉNE VIBBLEUS 
Born 1958. Board member since 2017. Member of the Audit Committee. 
Education: 
B.Sc. in Business Administration and Economics from Linköping 
University. 
Other current 
assignments: 
Vice President, Internal Audit, Chief Audit Executive, CAE of Autoliv 
Inc., Member of the board of directors of Segulah Medical Acceleration 
AB 
Previous assignments (last 
five years): 
Member of the board of directors of Trelleborg AB, TradeDoubler AB, 
Scandi Standard AB, Marine Harvest ASA (Norway), Renewable 
Energy Corporation ASA (Norway), Orio AB, Swedbank Sjuhärad AB 
and of Tyréns AB. Deputy chairman of the board of directors of Swedish 
International Development Cooperation Agency (SIDA). Chairman of 
the board of directors of Nordic Growth Market NGM AB and of Invisio 
Communications AB. Chief Audit Executive, CAE of Elekta AB. Senior 
Vice President Group Controller of AB Electrolux. Partner and member 
of the board of directors of PricewaterhouseCoopers, Sweden 
JACQUELINE HOOGERGRUGGE 
Born 1963. Board member since 2017. Member of the Audit Committee. 
Education: 
M.Sc. in Chemical Engineering from Rijks Universiteit Groningen.

--- Page 89 ---
- 82 - 
Other current 
assignments: 
Member of the board of directors of Broadview B.V., BA Glass I- 
Serviços de Gestão e Investimentos S.A. and Koninklijke jumbo Food 
Groep B.V. 
Previous assignments (last 
five years): 
President Operations of Cloetta. Member of the board of directors of 
Swedish Match AB, IKEA Industries AB and Cederroth International. 
VP Operations Medical Division and VP Procurement Worldwide Baby 
Division at Danone. Procurement Director, Factory Director, Supply 
Chain Manager, Operations Manager and Services Manager of Unilever. 
Sales Manager Hydrocarbon Sector, Marketing Co-ordinator and 
Process Engineer of Fluor Daniel. 
PETER SJÖLANDER 
Born 1959. Board member since 2017. 
Education: 
M.Sc. in Economics from Gothenburg University 
Other current assignments: 
Senior Executive Advisor of Altor. Industrial Advisor to EQT AB. 
Chairman of the board of directors of Eton Holding I AB, Eton 
Holding III AB, Eton Group AB and Eton AB, Grundéns 1911 
Holding AB and Grundéns Rainwear AB and Super Dry Plc. Board 
Member of R&R AS 
Previous assignments: 
CEO of Helly Hansen Group AS. SVP, Product & Brand Europe, 
CMO Global Brand & Global Licensing of AB Electrolux. General 
Manager Central Europe (CEMEA) NIKE and Global Business 
Director, Nike ACG of Nike Inc. European Director of Footwear, 
Marketing Director European. Outdoor and Director of Marketing 
Nordics of Nike Europe BV. Marketing and Buying Director of 
Intersport AG. Brand Director of Mölnlycke AB, Project and Site 
manager ABV Construction AB. Chairman of Revolution Race AB. 
Member of the board of directors of Fiskars Oy, Helly Hansen Group 
AS, Swims AS, Stokke AS, BTX Group A/S, OBH Nordica Group 
AB, Varier AS, Fit Flop Ltd, F&S Ltd and Stadium AB. Senior advisor 
to F&S (London, UK) 
MENGMENG DU 
Born 1980. Board member since 2021. 
Education: 
Master of Economics and Business Administration from Stockholm 
School of Economics as well as a Master of Computer Science from 
Royal Institute of Technology in Stockholm. 
Other current assignments: 
Startup advisor and a member of the board of Clas Ohlson, Tryg and 
Swappie. 
Previous assignments: 
Member of the Swedish National Innovation Council. Board member 
of Netonnet, Saminvest, Finnair Plc, Livförsäkringsbolaget Skandia, 
Filippa K Group AB, Skånska Byggvaror AB and Qliro Group AB 
(publ), as well as a number of managerial positions at Spotify. COO 
at Acast. VP product development at Stardoll and management 
consultant at Bain & Company. 
 
The CEO and the Group Management 
The CEO is subordinated to the Board and is responsible for the everyday management and operations of 
the Group. The division of work between the Board and the CEO is set out in the rules of procedure for the 
Board and the CEO's instructions issued by the Board. The CEO is also responsible for the preparation of 
reports and compiling information for the Board's meetings and for presenting such materials at the Board 
meetings. 
According to the instructions for the financial reporting, the CEO is responsible for the financial reporting 
in the Group and consequently shall ensure that the Board receives adequate information for the Board to 
be able to evaluate the Group's financial condition.

--- Page 90 ---
- 83 - 
The CEO shall continuously keep the Board informed of developments in the Group's operations, the 
development of sales, the Group's result and financial condition, liquidity and credit status, important 
business events and all other events, circumstances or conditions which can be assumed to be of significance 
to the Issuer's shareholders. 
There are no conflicts of interest or potential conflicts of interest between the obligations of the CEO and 
the group management of the Group ("Group Management") and their private interests and/or other 
undertakings. 
The table below shows the CEO and the members of the Group Management as at the date of this Base 
Prospectus and when they were first appointed. 
 
Name 
Position 
First Appointed 
Business Address 
Juan Vargues .......... 
CEO 
2018 
Dometic Group AB (publ), 
Hemvärnsgatan 15,  
SE-17154 Solna, Sweden 
Stefan Fristedt ........ 
CFO 
2019 
Dometic Group AB (publ), 
Hemvärnsgatan 15,  
SE-17154 Solna, Sweden 
Oliver Bahr ............ 
 
President segment 
Americas 
2021 
Dometic Corporation  
Suite 250, Rosemont 
Illinois 60018, USA 
Eric B. Fetchko 
President segment 
Marine 
2022 
Dometic Marine 3831 No. 6 RD. 
Richmond, British Columbia V6V 
1P6, Canada 
Chialing Hsueh ....... 
President segment 
APAC 
2016 
DOMETIC ASIA CO., LIMITED, 
Suites 2207-2211,  
22/F, Tower one, The Gateway,  
25 Canton Road, TST, Kln.  
Hong Kong 
Anton Lundqvist .... 
Chief Technology 
Officer 
2018 
Dometic Group AB (publ), 
Hemvärnsgatan 15,  
SE-17154 Solna, Sweden 
Anna Smieszek ....... 
Group General 
Counsel 
2015 
Dometic Group AB (publ), 
Hemvärnsgatan 15,  
SE-17154 Solna, Sweden 
Jenny Evelius ......... 
Head of Group HR  
2023 
Dometic Group AB (publ), 
Hemvärnsgatan 15,  
SE-17154 Solna, Sweden 
Eva Karlsson .......... 
Head of segment 
EMEA 
2023 
Dometic Group AB (publ), 
Hemvärnsgatan 15,  
SE-17154 Solna, Sweden 
 
The table below includes further information on the CEO and the members of the Group Management as 
at the date of this Base Prospectus: 
JUAN VARGUES 
Born 1959. CEO since 2018. 
Education: 
Management Education IMD Lausanne (CH), Executive MBA Lund 
University (EFL), High School Degree in Mechanical Engineering Tekniska 
Vuxengymnasiet, Gothenburg 
Other current 
assignments 
Board member of Novax 
 
 
STEFAN FRISTEDT 
Born 1966. CFO since 2019. 
Education: 
Bachelor's degree in Business Administration and Economics from the 
University of Lund, MBA from the University of Lund. 
Other current 
assignments

--- Page 91 ---
- 84 - 
 
 
OLIVER BAHR 
Born 1978, President of the Americas segment since 2021. 
Education: 
B.Sc. in Marketing from Johnson & Wales University, USA. 
Other current 
assignments 
 
CHIALING HSUEH 
Born 1963. President APAC since 2016. 
Education: 
M.Sc. in Hotel Management, University of Massachusetts, USA. B.Sc., 
Soochow University, Taiwan. 
Other current 
assignments 
 
 
 
 
ANTON 
LUNDQVIST 
Born 1970. Chief Technology Officer since 2018. 
Education: 
PhD. Chemical Engineering and Tech. Lic, Chemical Engineering – 
Electrochemistry, KTH (Royal Institute of Technology, Stockholm). M.Sc. 
Chemical Engineering – Energy Technology from KTH Royal Institute of 
Technology. 
Other current 
assignments: 
 
 
ANNA SMIESZEK 
Born 1964. Group General Counsel since 2015. 
Education: 
Masters of Laws from University of Silesia and Stockholm University. PhD 
studies at Oxford University, Diploma Program in International Law from 
Stockholm University. 
Other current 
assignments: 
 
 
JENNY EVELIUS 
Born 1967. Head of Group HR since 2023. 
Education: 
MSc Business Administration – Stockholm School of Economics, Sweden. 
Other current 
assignments: 
 
 
EVA KARLSSON 
Born 1966. Head of the EMEA segment since 2023. 
Education: 
Management Education IMD Lausanne (CH), M.Sc. in Mechanical 
Engineering from Chalmers University of Technology. 
Other current 
assignments: 
Board member of NIBE. 
 
Brian Garofalow, Dometic CMO, left the Company on 6 January 2023 for another external assignment. An 
interim CMO has been appointed and the recruitment process for a permanent CMO has started. 
Internal control and Risk Management 
Internal control's financial reporting within the Group is designed, in line with the generally accepted COSO 
framework,1 to ensure reliable financial reporting. In addition to financial reporting, internal control 
procedures support the organisation in managing identified risks and processes within the organisation. The 
Group has developed an internal system for internal control with control functions, such as financial and 
business control, functions for quality control, internal control and internal audit, in line with the generally 
accepted three lines of responsibility model. 
 
1  
The 2013 COSO (The Committee of Sponsoring Organisations of the Treadway Commission) Framework and Appendices.

--- Page 92 ---
- 85 - 
 
Internal audit 
The Group's internal audit function is governed and led by the Head of Internal Audit and Internal Control 
with segment Internal Auditors in each segment. The Head of Internal Audit reports to the chairman of the 
audit committee and to the Chief Financial Officer ("CFO"). The function has a risk-based and dynamic 
approach, where besides providing reasonable assurance of the effectiveness of the corporate governance, 
risk management and internal control, it seeks to add value to the operations by identifying weaknesses that 
can lead to non-compliance with the Group's policies and guidelines, unexpected losses and inefficiency. 
Internal audit reports quarterly to the audit committee. 
The Group uses segment internal audit plans based on the outcome of the annual global and segment risk 
assessments to secure internal audit targeting and input from segment senior management to capture 
business needs. Since 2017, internal audits have been conducted systematically in line with a defined 
internal audit process that includes several steps resulting in formal internal audit reports and follow up on 
agreed actions. Internal audit plans are presented by the Head of Internal Audit and approved by the audit 
committee. The Group's internal audit policy is approved by the Board and a global internal audit instruction 
is guiding how internal audit shall be performed in each region. 
Audit committee 
The Group has an audit committee consisting of three members: Magnus Yngen (chairman), Heléne 
Vibbleus and Jacqueline Hoogerbrugge. The audit committee shall, without it affecting the responsibilities 
and tasks of the Board, monitor the Group's financial reporting, monitor the effectiveness of the Group's 
internal controls, internal auditing and risk management, keep informed of the auditing of the annual report 
and the consolidated accounts, review and monitor the impartiality and independence of the auditors and 
pay close attention to whether the auditors are providing other services besides audit services for the Group, 
and assist in the preparation of proposals for the shareholders' meeting's decision on election of auditors. 
Control environment 
The control environment at the Group constitutes the framework for the direction and culture communicated 
to the organisation by the Board and Group Management. Internal guidance and control in accordance with 
established frameworks is a part of the management work. The Board and Group Management define and 
formulate decision-making channels, authority and responsibility which are communicated throughout the 
organisation. The Board also strives to ensure that governance documents, such as internal policies and 
guidelines, cover identified and significant areas, and that they provide proper guidance for the relevant 
employees in the Group. 
Risk assessment 
Risk management within the Group comprise a risk framework including a risk management process and a 
risk universe for identification, assessment, and prioritisation of risks, and for providing risk response i.e. 
risk mitigating actions as well as effective monitoring. The risk universe is a universe of risks that could 
impact the Group's ability to achieve established strategic and other objectives including financial targets

--- Page 93 ---
- 86 - 
as well as to achieve objectives of internal control over financial reporting (i.e. to provide reasonable 
assurance of the accurate, reliable and relevant external financial reporting, that is prepared in accordance 
with laws, accounting standards and other requirements applicable to listed companies).  
The Group has a Risk Committee which comprises the members of Group Management. Strategic risks are 
assessed top-down by Group Management, while execution, compliance and regulatory and reporting risks 
are assessed bottom-up by Regional Management and process and risk owners, as well as top down by 
Group Management and global process and risk owners, as applicable. The Risk Committee discusses and 
makes decisions on risk mitigating actions and the members of Group Management act as global process 
and risk owners as applicable. The work of the Risk Committee is regularly reported to the Audit Committee 
and annually to the Board of Directors. 
 
Control activities 
The Group maintains a comprehensive financial reporting system which enables comprehensive monitoring 
of Group performance. Financial reports for the different legal entities and regions are reviewed on a 
continuous basis by the central finance function. This entails a thorough monitoring of the financial results 
in accordance with the financial reporting calendar for the financial year. 
Financial data is reported by approximately eighty reporting units and the CFO as well as other 
representatives of the central finance function meet the region managers and review the region's results 
every month in accordance with the routines for reporting that are stipulated in the Group's finance manual. 
These reports are the basis for the Group's consolidated financial reporting. 
Business reviews are carried out on a quarterly basis, where the CEO, the CFO and relevant representatives 
of the central functions meet the management of the respective region to discuss the business. 
The product portfolio is reviewed on a monthly and quarterly basis as part of the internal process for product 
development. Larger projects are reviewed at least on a quarterly basis. 
The Group has implemented an internal control framework, so called Minimum Internal Control 
Requirements ("MICR"), which covers eight key processes (entity level controls, purchase to pay, 
production, inventory, order to cash, payroll, fixed assets and financial closing). The MICR framework was 
rolled-out in 2016 and further developed during 2017-2020. In 2020 the IT MICR key process (local entities 
and global IT) was added to the MICR internal control framework. MICR self-assessments are conducted 
on entity level. MICR is supported by segment Internal Control Coordinators and evaluated by the Head of 
Internal Audit and Internal Control. Additionally, in 2021, testing of the MICR self-assessments were 
performed on selected legal entities and selected controls by the segment Internal Control Coordinators and 
Internal Auditors.    
Description of alternative performance measures 
This section provides further information relating to alternative performance measures ("APMs") for the 
purposes of the guidelines (the "Guidelines") published by the European Securities and Markets Authority

--- Page 94 ---
- 87 - 
("ESMA"). Certain of the financial measures included in the "Description of the Group" above can be 
characterised as APMs and we set out below a summary of the APM used, the definition, bases of 
calculation and reconciliation of such APMs and the rationale for their inclusion. 
The Issuer believes that the presentation of these APMs is helpful to investors because these and other 
similar measures are used by certain investors as supplemental measures of performance and liquidity. 
However, these measures are not measures of financial performance under IFRS and should not be 
considered in isolation or as a substitute for operating profit, cash flow from operating activities or other 
financial measures of the Group's results of operations or liquidity computed in accordance with IFRS. 
Other companies, including those in the Group's industry, may calculate these measures differently from 
the Group. As all companies do not calculate such measures in the same manner, the presentation of these 
measures pertaining to the Group may not be comparable to other similarly titled measures of other 
companies. 
Measure 
Definition 
EBITDA ............................................................ 
Operating profit (EBIT) before Depreciation and 
Amortisation. 
Depreciation 
also 
includes 
depreciation of right-of-use assets as of January 1, 
2019, when IFRS 16 Leases came into effect. 
EBITDA margin ................................................. 
 
EBITDA divided by net sales. 
 
Items affecting comparability ............................. 
Items affecting comparability are events or 
transactions with significant financial effects, 
which are relevant for understanding the financial 
performance when comparing profits for the current 
period with previous periods. Items included are for 
example 
restructuring 
programmes, expenses 
related to major revaluations, gains and losses from 
acquisitions 
or 
disposals 
of 
subsidiaries. 
Net debt ............................................................. 
Total borrowings including pensions and accrued 
interest 
less 
cash 
and 
cash 
equivalents 
Net debt/EBITDA (Leverage Ratio)  ................... 
Net debt excluding pensions, leasing and accrued 
interest divided by EBITDA before items affecting 
comparability and including acquisitions proforma. 
Net Sales Growth/Organic growth ...................... 
Sales growth excluding acquisitions/divestments 
and currency translation effects. Quarters calculated 
at comparable currency, applying latest period 
average rate.   
Operating cash flow............................................ 
Cashflow from operations after investments in fixed 
assets 
excluding 
income 
tax 
paid. 
Paid 
interest/received interest is a part of the net 
cashflow of financing. 
Operating profit (EBIT) ...................................... 
Operating profit; earnings before financial items 
and taxes. 
Operating profit (EBIT) margin .......................... 
Operating profit divided by net sales.

--- Page 95 ---
- 88 - 
TAXATION  
The following summaries do not purport to be a comprehensive description of all tax considerations that 
could be relevant for Noteholders. These summaries are intended as general information only and each 
prospective Noteholders should consult a professional tax adviser with respect to the tax consequences of 
an investment in the Notes. These summaries are based on tax legislation and published case law in force 
as of the date of this document. They do not take into account any developments or amendments thereof 
after that date, whether or not such developments or amendments have retroactive effect. 
Taxation in the Kingdom of Sweden 
The following summary outlines certain Swedish tax consequences relating to holders of Notes. The 
summary is based on the laws of the Kingdom of Sweden as currently in effect and is intended to provide 
general information only. The summary does not address, inter alia, situations where the Notes are held in 
an investment savings account (Sw. investeringssparkonto) or the rules regarding reporting obligations 
for, among others, payers of interest. Investors should consult their professional tax advisers regarding the 
Swedish tax and other tax consequences (including the applicability and effect of tax treaties for the 
avoidance of double taxation) of acquiring, owning and disposing of Notes in their particular 
circumstances. 
Holders not tax resident in the Kingdom of Sweden 
Payments of any principal amount or any amount that is considered to be interest for Swedish tax purposes 
to a holder of Notes should not be subject to Swedish income tax, provided that such a holder (i) is not 
resident in the Kingdom of Sweden for Swedish tax purposes and (ii) does not have a permanent 
establishment in the Kingdom of Sweden to which the Notes are effectively connected. 
Swedish withholding tax, or Swedish tax deduction, is not imposed on payments of any principal amount 
or any amount that is considered to be interest for Swedish tax purposes, except for certain payments of 
interest (and other return on Notes) to a private individual (or an estate of a deceased individual) who is (or 
was) resident in Sweden for Swedish tax purposes (see "Holders tax resident in the Kingdom of Sweden" 
below). 
Holders tax resident in the Kingdom of Sweden 
In general, for Swedish corporations and private individuals (and estates of deceased individuals) with 
residence in the Kingdom of Sweden for Swedish tax purposes, all capital income (for example, income 
that is considered to be interest for Swedish tax purposes and capital gains on Notes) will be taxable. 
Specific tax consequences may be applicable to certain categories of corporations, for example life 
insurance companies. Moreover, specific tax consequences may be applicable if, and to the extent that, a 
holder of Notes realises a capital loss on a Note and to any currency exchange gains or losses. 
If amounts that are deemed as interest for Swedish tax purposes are paid by a legal entity domiciled in the 
Kingdom of Sweden, including a Swedish branch, or in certain cases a clearing institution within the EEA, 
to a private individual (or an estate of a deceased individual) with residence in the Kingdom of Sweden for 
Swedish tax purposes, Swedish preliminary taxes are normally withheld by such legal entity on such 
payments. Swedish preliminary taxes should normally also be withheld on other returns on Notes (but not 
capital gains), if the return is paid out together with such a payment of interest referred to above. 
FATCA  
Pursuant to certain provisions of the U.S. Internal Revenue Code of 1986, commonly known as FATCA, a 
"foreign financial institution" may be required to withhold on certain payments it makes ("foreign passthru 
payments") to persons that fail to meet certain certification, reporting, or related requirements. The Issuer 
is a foreign financial institution for these purposes. A number of jurisdictions (including Sweden) have 
entered into, or have agreed in substance to, intergovernmental agreements with the United States to 
implement FATCA ("IGAs"), which modify the way in which FATCA applies in their jurisdictions. Certain 
aspects of the application of the FATCA provisions and IGAs to instruments such as the Notes, including 
whether withholding would ever be required pursuant to FATCA or an IGA with respect to payments on 
instruments such as the Notes, are uncertain and may be subject to change. Even if withholding would be 
required pursuant to FATCA or an IGA with respect to payments on instruments such as the Notes, 
proposed regulations have been issued that provide that such withholding would not apply prior to the date

--- Page 96 ---
- 89 - 
that is two years after the date on which final regulations defining "foreign passthru payments" are 
published in the U.S. Federal Register. In the preamble to the proposed regulations, the U.S. Treasury 
Department indicated that taxpayers may rely on these proposed regulations until the issuance of final 
regulations. Additionally, Notes characterised as debt (or which are not otherwise characterised as equity 
and have a fixed term) for U.S. federal tax purposes that are issued on or prior to the date that is six months 
after the date on which final regulations defining "foreign passthru payments" are filed with the U.S. Federal 
Register generally would be "grandfathered" for purposes of FATCA withholding unless materially 
modified after such date (including by reason of a substitution of the Issuer). However, if additional notes 
(as described under "Terms and Conditions of the Notes—Further Issues") that are not distinguishable from 
previously issued Notes are issued after the expiration of the grandfathering period and are subject to 
withholding under FATCA, then withholding agents may treat all Notes, including the Notes offered prior 
to the expiration of the grandfathering period, as subject to withholding under FATCA. Holders should 
consult their own tax advisors regarding how these rules may apply to their investment in the Notes. In the 
event any withholding would be required pursuant to FATCA or an IGA with respect to payments on the 
Notes, the Issuer will not be required to pay additional amounts as a result of the withholding.

--- Page 97 ---
- 90 - 
SUBSCRIPTION AND SALE 
Summary of Dealer Agreement 
Subject to the terms and on the conditions contained in a dealer agreement dated 15 June 2023 (the "Dealer 
Agreement") between the Issuer, the Permanent Dealers and the Arranger, the Notes will be offered on a 
continuous basis by the Issuer to the Permanent Dealers. However, the Issuer has reserved the right to sell 
Notes directly on its own behalf to Dealers that are not Permanent Dealers. The Notes may be resold at 
prevailing market prices, or at prices related thereto, at the time of such resale, as determined by the relevant 
Dealer. The Notes may also be sold by the Issuer through the Dealers, acting as agents of the Issuer. The 
Dealer Agreement also provides for Notes to be issued in syndicated Tranches that are jointly and severally 
underwritten by two or more Dealers. 
The Issuer will pay each relevant Dealer a commission as agreed between them in respect of Notes 
subscribed by it. The Issuer has agreed to reimburse the Arranger for its expenses incurred in connection 
with the establishment of the Programme and the Dealers for certain of their activities in connection with 
the Programme. The commissions in respect of an issue of Notes on a syndicated basis will be stated in the 
relevant Final Terms. 
The Issuer has agreed to indemnify the Dealers against certain liabilities in connection with the offer and 
sale of the Notes. The Dealer Agreement entitles the Dealers to terminate any agreement that they make to 
subscribe Notes in certain circumstances prior to payment for such Notes being made to the Issuer. 
Selling Restrictions 
United States 
The Notes have not been and will not be registered under the Securities Act and may not be offered or sold 
within the United States or to, or for the account or benefit of, U.S. persons except in certain transactions 
exempt from the registration requirements of the Securities Act. Terms used in this paragraph have the 
meanings given to them by Regulation S under the Securities Act ("Regulation S"). 
Notes in bearer form having a maturity of more than one year are subject to U.S. tax law requirements and 
may not be offered, sold or delivered within the United States or its possessions or to a United States person, 
except in certain transactions permitted by U.S. Treasury regulations. Terms used in this paragraph have 
the meanings given to them by the U.S. Internal Revenue Code and regulations thereunder. 
Each Dealer has represented and agreed that, except as permitted by the Dealer Agreement, it has not 
offered, sold or delivered and will not offer, sell or deliver the Notes of any identifiable Tranche (i) as part 
of their distribution at any time or (ii) otherwise until 40 days after completion of the distribution of such 
Tranche as determined, and certified to the Issuer, by the Issuing and Paying Agent, or in the case of Notes 
issued on a syndicated basis, the Lead Manager, within the United States or to, or for the account or benefit 
of, U.S. persons, and it will have sent to each dealer to which it sells Notes during the distribution 
compliance period a confirmation or other notice setting forth the restrictions on offers and sales of the 
Notes within the United States or to, or for the account or benefit of, U.S. persons. Terms used in this 
paragraph have the meanings given to them by Regulation S. 
In addition, until 40 days after the commencement of the offering of the Notes, an offer or sale of Notes 
within the United States by any dealer (whether or not participating in the offering) may violate the 
registration requirements of the Securities Act. 
Prohibition of Sales to EEA Retail Investors 
Unless the Final Terms in respect of any Notes specifies the "Prohibition of Sales to EEA Retail Investors" 
as "Not Applicable", each Dealer has represented and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the 
Programme will be required to represent and agree, that it has not offered, sold or otherwise made available 
and will not offer, sell or otherwise make available any Notes which are the subject of the offering 
contemplated by this Base Prospectus as completed by the Final Terms in relation thereto to any retail 
investor in the EEA. For the purposes of this provision, the expression "retail investor" means a person who 
is one (or more) of the following:

--- Page 98 ---
- 91 - 
(i) 
a retail client as defined in point (11) of Article 4(1) of Directive 2014/65/EU (as amended, 
"EU MiFID II"); or 
(ii) 
a customer within the meaning Directive (EU) 2016/97 ("Insurance Distribution 
Directive"), where that customer would not qualify as a professional client as defined in 
point (10) of Article 4(1) of EU MiFID II. 
Prohibition of Sales to UK Retail Investors 
Unless the Final Terms in respect of any Notes specifies the "Prohibition of Sales to UK Retail Investors" 
as "Not Applicable", each Dealer has represented and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the 
Programme will be required to represent and agree, that it has not offered, sold or otherwise made available 
and will not offer, sell or otherwise make available any Notes which are the subject of the offering 
contemplated by this Base Prospectus as completed by the Final Terms in relation thereto to any retail 
investor in the UK. For the purposes of this provision, the expression "retail investor" means a person who 
is one (or more) of the following: 
(i) 
a retail client, as defined in point (8) of Article 2 of Regulation (EU) No 2017/565 as it 
forms part of domestic law by virtue of the EUWA; or 
(ii) 
a customer within the meaning of the provisions of the FSMA and any rules or regulations 
made under the FSMA to implement Directive (EU) 2016/97, where that customer would 
not qualify as a professional client, as defined in point (8) of Article 2(1) of Regulation 
(EU) No 600/2014 as it forms part of domestic law by virtue of the EUWA. 
United Kingdom 
Each Dealer has represented and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be 
required to represent and agree, that: 
(i) 
in relation to any Notes which have a maturity of less than one year, (a) it is a person 
whose ordinary activities involve it in acquiring, holding, managing or disposing of 
investments (as principal or agent) for the purposes of its business and (b) it has not offered 
or sold and will not offer or sell any Notes other than to persons whose ordinary activities 
involve them in acquiring, holding, managing or disposing of investments (as principal or 
agent) for the purposes of their businesses or who it is reasonable to expect will acquire, 
hold, manage or dispose of investments (as principal or agent) for the purposes of their 
businesses where the issue of the Notes would otherwise constitute a contravention of 
section 19 of the FSMA by the Issuer; 
(ii) 
it has only communicated or caused to be communicated and will only communicate or 
cause to be communicated any invitation or inducement to engage in investment activity 
(within the meaning of section 21 of the FSMA) received by it in connection with the issue 
or sale of any Notes in circumstances in which section 21(1) of the FSMA does not apply 
to the Issuer; and 
(iii) 
it has complied and will comply with all applicable provisions of the FSMA with respect 
to anything done by it in relation to any Notes in, from or otherwise involving the UK. 
Japan 
The Notes have not been and will not be registered under the Financial Instruments and Exchange Act of 
Japan (Act No. 25 of 1948, as amended, the "FIEA") and, accordingly, each Dealer has represented and 
agreed that has not, directly or indirectly, offered or sold and will not, directly or indirectly, offer or sell 
any Notes in Japan or to, or for the benefit of, any resident of Japan or to others for re-offering or resale, 
directly or indirectly, in Japan or to any resident of Japan, except pursuant to an exemption from the 
registration requirements of, and otherwise in compliance with, the FIEA and other relevant laws and 
regulations of Japan. As used in this paragraph, "resident of Japan" means any person resident in Japan, 
including any corporation or other entity organised under the laws of Japan.

--- Page 99 ---
- 92 - 
General 
These selling restrictions may be modified by the agreement of the Issuer and the Dealers following a 
change in a relevant law, regulation or directive. Any such modification will be set out in the Final Terms 
issued in respect of the issue of Notes to which it relates or in a supplement to this Base Prospectus. 
No representation is made that any action has been taken in any jurisdiction that would permit a public 
offering of any of the Notes, or possession or distribution of the Base Prospectus or any other offering 
material or any Final Terms, in any country or jurisdiction where action for that purpose is required. 
Each Dealer has agreed that it shall, to the best of its knowledge, comply with all relevant laws, regulations 
and directives in each jurisdiction in which it purchases, offers, sells or delivers Notes or has in its 
possession or distributes the Base Prospectus, any other offering material or any Final Terms therefore in 
all cases at its own expense.

--- Page 100 ---
- 93 - 
FORM OF FINAL TERMS 
The form of Final Terms that will be issued in respect of each Tranche, subject only to the deletion of non-
applicable provisions, is set out below: 
[EU MIFID II product governance / Professional investors and ECPs only target market – Solely for 
the purposes of [the/each] manufacturer's product approval process, the target market assessment in respect 
of the Notes has led to the conclusion that: (i) the target market for the Notes is eligible counterparties and 
professional clients only, each as defined in Directive 2014/65/EU (as amended or superseded, "EU MiFID 
II"); and (ii) all channels for distribution of the Notes to eligible counterparties and professional clients are 
appropriate. [Consider any negative target market]. Any person subsequently offering, selling or 
recommending the Notes (a "distributor") should take into consideration the manufacturer['s/s'] target 
market assessment; however, a distributor subject to EU MiFID II is responsible for undertaking its own 
target market assessment in respect of the Notes (by either adopting or refining the manufacturer['s/s'] target 
market assessment) and determining appropriate distribution channels.] 
[UK MIFIR product governance / Professional investors and ECPs only target market – Solely for 
the purposes of [the/each] manufacturer's product approval process, the target market assessment in respect 
of the Notes has led to the conclusion that: (i) the target market for the Notes is only eligible counterparties, 
as defined in the FCA Handbook Conduct of Business Sourcebook ("COBS"), and professional clients, as 
defined in Regulation (EU) No 600/2014 as it forms part of domestic law by virtue of the [European Union 
(Withdrawal) Act 2018 ("EUWA")]/[EUWA] ("UK MiFIR"); and (ii) all channels for distribution of the 
Notes to eligible counterparties and professional clients are appropriate. [Consider any negative target 
market]. 
Any 
[person 
subsequently 
offering, 
selling 
or 
recommending 
the 
Notes 
(a 
"distributor")][distributor] should take into consideration the manufacturer['s/s'] target market assessment; 
however, a distributor subject to the FCA Handbook Product Intervention and Product Governance 
Sourcebook (the "UK MiFIR Product Governance Rules") is responsible for undertaking its own target 
market assessment in respect of the Notes (by either adopting or refining the manufacturer['s/s'] target 
market assessment) and determining appropriate distribution channels.] 
[PROHIBITION OF SALES TO EEA RETAIL INVESTORS – The Notes are not intended to be 
offered, sold or otherwise made available to and should not be offered, sold or otherwise made available to 
any retail investor in the European Economic Area ("EEA"). For these purposes, a retail investor means a 
person who is one (or more) of: (i) a retail client as defined in point (11) of Article 4(1) of [Directive 
2014/65/EU (as amended, "EU MiFID II")] [EU MiFID II]; (ii) a customer within the meaning of Directive 
(EU) 2016/97 (the "Insurance Distribution Directive"), where that customer would not qualify as a 
professional client as defined in point (10) of Article 4(1) of EU MiFID II. Consequently, no key 
information document required by Regulation (EU) No 1286/2014 (as amended, the "PRIIPs Regulation") 
for offering or selling the Notes or otherwise making them available to retail investors in the EEA has been 
prepared and therefore offering or selling the Notes or otherwise making them available to any retail 
investor in the EEA may be unlawful under the PRIIPs Regulation.] 
[PROHIBITION OF SALES TO UK RETAIL INVESTORS – The Notes are not intended to be offered, 
sold or otherwise made available to and should not be offered, sold or otherwise made available to any 
retail investor in the United Kingdom ("UK"). For these purposes, a retail investor means a person who is 
one (or more) of: (i) a retail client, as defined in point (8) of Article 2 of Regulation (EU) No 2017/565 as 
it forms part of domestic law by virtue of the [European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018] / [EUWA]; (ii) a 
customer within the meaning of the provisions of the Financial Services and Markets Act 2000 (the 
"FSMA") and any rules or regulations made under the FSMA to implement Directive (EU) 2016/97, where 
that customer would not qualify as a professional client, as defined in point (8) of Article 2(1) of Regulation 
(EU) No 600/2014 as it forms part of domestic law by virtue of the EUWA. Consequently no key 
information document required by Regulation (EU) No 1286/2014 as it forms part of domestic law by virtue 
of the EUWA (the "UK PRIIPs Regulation") for offering or selling the Notes or otherwise making them 
available to retail investors in the UK has been prepared and therefore offering or selling the Notes or 
otherwise making them available to any retail investor in the UK may be unlawful under the UK PRIIPs 
Regulation.]

--- Page 101 ---
- 94 - 
Final Terms dated [•] 
DOMETIC GROUP AB (PUBL) 
Legal Entity Identifier (LEI): 549300STIPMK5VSA7Y59 
Issue of [Aggregate Nominal Amount of Tranche] [Title of Notes] 
under the [insert Programme Amount] [Euro Medium Term Note Programme] 
PART A – CONTRACTUAL TERMS 
[Terms used herein shall be deemed to be defined as such for the purposes of the Conditions set forth in the 
Base Prospectus dated 15 June 2023 [and the supplement(s) to it dated [●]] which [together] constitute[s] 
a base prospectus (the "Base Prospectus") for the purposes of Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 (the 
"Prospectus Regulation"). This document constitutes the Final Terms of the Notes described herein for 
the purposes of the Prospectus Regulation and must be read in conjunction with the Base Prospectus in 
order to obtain all the relevant information. The Base Prospectus has been published on the website of the 
Issuer (www.dometicgroup.com) and the website of Euronext Dublin.]2 
[Terms used herein shall be deemed to be defined as such for the purposes of the Conditions set forth in the 
Base Prospectus dated [16 May 2018]/[8 June 2021] (the "Conditions") which are incorporated by 
reference in the Base Prospectus dated 15 June 2023. This document constitutes the Final Terms of the 
Notes described herein for the purposes of Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 (the "Prospectus Regulation") and 
must be read in conjunction with the Base Prospectus dated 15 June 2023 [and the supplement(s) to it dated 
[•]] which [together] constitute[s] a base prospectus (the "Base Prospectus") for the purposes of the 
Prospectus Regulation. The Base Prospectus has been published on the website of the Issuer 
(www.dometicgroup.com) and the website of Euronext Dublin.] 3  
1. 
(i) 
Issuer: 
Dometic Group AB (publ) 
2. 
(i) 
Series Number: 
[•] 
 
(ii) 
Tranche Number: 
[•] 
 
(iii) 
Date on which the Notes 
become fungible: 
[Not Applicable/The Notes shall be consolidated, 
form a single series and be interchangeable for trading 
purposes with the [insert description of the Series] on 
[insert date/the Issue Date/exchange of the Temporary 
Global Note for interests in the Permanent Global 
Note, as referred to in paragraph [22] below [which is 
expected to occur on or about [insert date]]].] 
3. 
Specified Currency or Currencies: 
[•] 
4. 
Aggregate Nominal Amount: 
[•] 
 
(i) 
Series: 
[•] 
 
(ii) 
Tranche: 
[•] 
5. 
Issue Price: 
[•] per cent. of the Aggregate Nominal Amount [plus 
accrued interest from [insert date] (if applicable)] 
 
2  
Delete where the Notes are neither admitted to trading on a regulated market within the EEA nor offered 
in EEA in circumstances where a prospectus is required to be published under the Prospectus 
Regulation 
3  
Delete where the Notes are neither admitted to trading on a regulated market within the EEA nor offered 
in the EEA in circumstances where a prospectus is required to be published under the Prospectus 
Regulation

--- Page 102 ---
- 95 - 
6. 
(i) 
Specified Denominations: 
[•] 
 
(ii) 
Calculation Amount: 
[•] 
7. 
(i) 
Issue Date: 
[•] 
 
(ii) 
Interest Commencement Date 
[Specify/Issue Date/Not Applicable] 
8. 
Maturity Date: 
[Specify date or (for Floating Rate Notes) Interest 
Payment Date falling in or nearest to the relevant 
month and year] 
9. 
Interest Basis: 
[[•] per cent. Fixed Rate] 
 
 
[[•] month [EURIBOR/STIBOR] +/– [•] per cent. 
Floating Rate] 
 
 
[Zero Coupon] 
 
 
(See paragraph [14/15/16] below) 
10. 
Redemption/Payment Basis: 
Subject to any purchase and cancellation or early 
redemption, the Notes will be redeemed on the 
Maturity Date at [[•]/[100]] per cent. of their nominal 
amount. 
11. 
Change of Interest Basis: 
[Specify the date when any fixed to floating rate 
change occurs or refer to paragraphs 14 and 15 below 
and identify there/Not Applicable] 
12. 
Put/Call Options: 
[Investor Put] 
 
 
[Change of Control Put] 
 
 
[Issuer Call] 
[Clean-Up Call] 
 
 
[(See paragraph [17/18/19/20] below)] 
13. 
[Date [Board] approval for issuance of 
Notes obtained: 
[•] 
(N.B Only relevant where Board (or similar) 
authorisation is required for the particular tranche of 
Notes)] 
PROVISIONS RELATING TO INTEREST (IF ANY) PAYABLE 
14. 
Fixed Rate Note Provisions 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-
paragraphs of this paragraph) 
 
(i) 
Rate[(s)] of Interest: 
[•] per cent. per annum payable in arrear on each 
Interest Payment Date] 
 
(ii) 
Interest Payment Date(s): 
[•] in each year 
 
(iii) 
Fixed Coupon Amount[(s)]: 
[•] per Calculation Amount 
 
(iv) 
Broken Amount(s): 
[•] per Calculation Amount, payable on the Interest 
Payment Date falling [in/on] [•]

--- Page 103 ---
- 96 - 
 
(v) 
Day Count Fraction: 
[Actual/Actual] [Actual/Actual – ISDA] 
 
 
[Actual/365 (Fixed)] 
 
 
[Actual/365 (Sterling)] 
 
 
[Actual/360] 
 
 
[30/360] [360/360] [Bond Basis] 
 
 
[30E/360] [Eurobond Basis] 
 
 
[30E/360 (ISDA)] 
 
 
[Actual/Actual-ICMA] 
 
(vi) 
Determination Dates: 
[[•] in each year (insert regular interest payment dates, 
ignoring issue date or maturity date in the case of a 
long or short first or last coupon. N.B. only relevant 
where Day Count Fraction is Actual/Actual (ICMA))] 
15. 
Floating Rate Note Provisions 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-
paragraphs of this paragraph) 
 
(i) 
Interest Period(s): 
[[•] [, subject to adjustment in accordance with the 
Business Day Convention set out in (iv) below/, not 
subject to any adjustment[, as the Business Day 
Convention in (v) below is specified to be Not 
Applicable]]] 
 
(ii) 
Specified Interest Payment 
Dates: 
[[•] in each year[, subject to adjustment in accordance 
with the Business Day Convention set out in (iv) 
below/, not subject to any adjustment[, as the Business 
Day Convention in (v) below is specified to be Not 
Applicable]]] 
 
(iii) 
Interest Period Date: 
[Not Applicable]/ [[•] in each year[, subject to 
adjustment in accordance with the Business Day 
Convention set out in (v) below/, not subject to any 
adjustment[, as the Business Day Convention in (v) 
below is specified to be Not Applicable]]] 
 
(iv) 
First Interest Payment Date: 
[•] 
 
(v) 
Business Day Convention: 
[Floating Rate Convention/Following Business Day 
Convention/ Modified Following Business Day 
Convention/Preceding Business Day Convention] 
[Not Applicable] 
 
(vi) 
Business Centre(s): 
[•] 
 
(vii) 
Manner in which the Rate(s) 
of 
Interest 
is/are 
to 
be 
determined: 
Screen Rate Determination 
 
(viii) 
Party 
responsible 
for 
calculating the Rate(s) of 
Interest 
and/or 
Interest 
Amount(s) 
(if 
not 
the 
[Agent]): 
[•]

--- Page 104 ---
- 97 - 
 
(ix) 
Screen Rate Determination: 
 
 
– 
Reference Rate: 
[[•]month [EURIBOR/STIBOR]] 
 
– 
Interest 
Determination 
Date(s): 
[•] 
 
– 
Relevant 
Screen 
Page: 
[•] 
 
(xi) 
Linear Interpolation: 
[Not Applicable/Applicable – the Rate of Interest for 
the [long/short] [first/last] Interest Period shall be 
calculated using Linear Interpolation (specify for each 
short or long interest period)] 
 
(xii) 
Margin(s): 
[+/-][ ] per cent. per annum 
 
(xiii) 
Minimum Rate of Interest: 
[•] per cent. per annum 
 
(xiv) 
Maximum Rate of Interest: 
[•] per cent. per annum 
 
(xv) 
Day Count Fraction: 
[Actual/Actual] [Actual/Actual – ISDA] 
 
 
[Actual/365 (Fixed)] 
 
 
[Actual/365 (Sterling)] 
 
 
[Actual/360] 
 
 
[30/360] [360/360] [Bond Basis] 
 
 
[30E/360] [Eurobond Basis] 
 
 
[30E/360 (ISDA)] 
 
 
[Actual/Actual-ICMA] 
16. 
Zero Coupon Note Provisions 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-
paragraphs of this paragraph) 
 
(i) 
Amortisation Yield: 
[•] per cent. per annum 
 
(ii) 
[Day 
Count 
Fraction 
in 
relation to Early Redemption 
Amounts: 
[Actual/Actual] [Actual/Actual – ISDA] / [Actual/365 
(Fixed)] / [Actual/365 (Sterling)] / [Actual/360] / 
[30/360] [360/360] [Bond Basis] / [30E/360] 
[Eurobond 
Basis] 
/ 
[30E/360 
(ISDA)] 
/ 
[Actual/Actual-ICMA]] 
PROVISIONS RELATING TO REDEMPTION 
17. 
Call Option 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-
paragraphs of this paragraph) 
 
(i) 
Optional Redemption Date(s): 
[•]

--- Page 105 ---
- 98 - 
 
(ii) 
Optional 
Redemption 
Amount(s) (Call) of each 
Note: 
[[•] per Calculation Amount[/Sterling Make Whole 
Redemption Amount/Non-Sterling Make Whole 
Redemption Amount]] (include this option where one 
Optional Redemption Amount (Call) is required) 
[If the Call Option Notice is dated before the date 
falling [•] days/months prior to the Maturity Date: [•] 
per Calculation Amount[/Sterling Make Whole 
Redemption Amount/Non-Sterling Make Whole 
Redemption Amount] 
If the Call Option Notice is dated on or after the date 
falling [•] days/months prior to the Maturity Date: [•] 
per [Calculation Amount/Sterling Make Whole 
Redemption Amount/Non-Sterling Make Whole 
Redemption Amount]] (include this option where 
more than one Optional Redemption Amount (Call) is 
required) 
 
(iii) 
Reference Bond: 
[[•] (Where Make-Whole Redemption Amount may be 
calculated to the Par Call Commencement Date, 
include Reference Bond relating to such Par Call 
Commencement Date)] 
 
(iv) Par Call Commencement Date: 
[Not applicable/[•]] 
 
(v) 
Quotation Time 
[[•]] 
 
(vi) 
Redemption Margin: 
[[•]] 
 
(vii) 
Reference Date: 
[[•]/ As per the Conditions] 
 
(viii) 
If redeemable in part: 
 
 
(a) 
Minimum 
Redemption Amount: 
[•] per Calculation Amount 
 
(b) 
Maximum 
Redemption Amount: 
[•] per Calculation Amount 
 
(ix) 
Notice period: 
[•] days 
18. 
Put Option 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-
paragraphs of this paragraph) 
 
(i) 
Optional Redemption 
Date(s): 
[•] 
 
(ii) 
Optional Redemption 
Amount(s) of each Note: 
[•] per Calculation Amount 
 
(iii) 
Notice period: 
[•] days 
19. 
Change of Control Put Option 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-
paragraphs of this paragraph) 
 
(i) 
Optional Redemption 
Amount(s) of each Note: 
[•] per Calculation Amount

--- Page 106 ---
- 99 - 
 
(ii) 
Put Period: 
[•] 
 
(iii) 
Put Date: 
[•] 
20. 
Clean-Up Call Option 
 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-
paragraphs of this paragraph) 
 
(i) 
Clean-Up Redemption 
Amount:  
[•] per Calculation Amount 
21. 
Final Redemption Amount of each 
Note 
[•][Par] per Calculation Amount 
22. 
Early Redemption Amount 
 
 
Early Redemption Amount(s) per 
Calculation 
Amount 
payable 
on 
redemption for taxation reasons or on 
event of default or other early 
redemption: 
[•]/[Par] per Calculation Amount 
GENERAL PROVISIONS APPLICABLE TO THE NOTES 
23. 
Form of Notes: 
Bearer Notes: 
[Temporary Global Note exchangeable for a 
Permanent Global Note which is exchangeable for 
Definitive Notes in the limited circumstances 
specified in the Permanent Global Note] 
 
 
[Permanent Global Note exchangeable for Definitive 
Notes in the limited circumstances specified in the 
Permanent Global Note] 
 
 
Registered Notes: 
[Regulation S Global Note (U.S.$/€[•] nominal 
amount) registered in the name of a nominee for [a 
common depositary for Euroclear and Clearstream, 
Luxembourg/a common safekeeper for Euroclear and 
Clearstream, Luxembourg]] 
24. 
New Global Note: 
[Yes] [No] 
25. 
New Safekeeping Structure: 
[Yes] [No] 
26. 
Financial Centre(s): 
[Not Applicable/give details. Note that this paragraph 
relates to the date of payment, and not the end dates 
of interest periods for the purposes of calculating the 
amount of interest, to which sub-paragraph 15(v) 
relates] 
27. 
Talons for future Coupons to be 
attached to Definitive Notes (and dates 
on which such Talons mature): 
[No/Yes. As the Notes have more than 27 coupon 
payments, talons may be required if, on exchange into 
definitive form, more than 27 coupon payments are 
still to be made.]

--- Page 107 ---
- 100 - 
THIRD PARTY INFORMATION 
[(Relevant third party information) has been extracted from (specify source). [Each of the] [The] Issuer 
confirms that such information has been accurately reproduced and that, so far as it is aware, and is able to 
ascertain from information published by (specify source), no facts have been omitted which would render 
the reproduced information inaccurate or misleading.] 
Signed on behalf of the Issuer: 
 
By:  .......................................................................  
Duly authorised

--- Page 108 ---
- 101 - 
PART B – OTHER INFORMATION 
1. 
LISTING AND ADMISSION TO TRADING 
 
(i) 
Admission to trading: 
[Application has been made by the Issuer (or on its 
behalf) for the Notes to be admitted to trading on [the 
regulated market of Euronext Dublin and listed on the 
official list of Euronext Dublin] with effect from [•].] 
[Application is expected to be made by the Issuer (or 
on its behalf) for the Notes to be admitted to trading 
on [the regulated market of Euronext Dublin and listed 
on the official list of Euronext Dublin] with effect 
from [•].] [Not Applicable.] 
 
 
(Where documenting a fungible issue need to indicate 
that original Notes are already admitted to trading.) 
 
(ii) 
Estimate of total expenses 
related 
to 
admission 
to 
trading: 
[•] 
2. 
RATINGS 
 
Ratings: 
[[The Notes to be issued [have been/are expected to 
be] rated]/[The following ratings reflect ratings 
assigned to Notes of this type issued under the 
Programme generally]]: 
 
 
[S & P: [•]] 
 
 
[Moody's: [•]] 
 
 
[[Fitch: [•]] 
 
 
[[Other]: [•]] 
 
 
[[•] is established in the EEA and registered under 
Regulation (EU) No 1060/2009, as amended (the "EU 
CRA Regulation").] 
 
 
[[•] is established in the EEA and has applied for 
registration under Regulation (EU) No 1060/2009, as 
amended (the "EU CRA Regulation"), although 
notification of the corresponding registration decision 
has not yet been provided by the [relevant competent 
authority] 
/[European 
Securities 
and 
Markets 
Authority].] 
 
 
[[•]is established in the EEA and is neither registered 
nor has it applied for registration under Regulation 
(EU) No 1060/2009, as amended (the "EU CRA 
Regulation").] 
 
 
[[•] is not established in the EEA but the rating it has 
given to the Notes is endorsed by [insert legal name of 
credit rating agency], which is established in the EEA 
and registered under Regulation (EU) No 1060/2009, 
as amended (the "EU CRA Regulation").]

--- Page 109 ---
- 102 - 
 
 
[[•] is not established in the EEA but is certified under 
Regulation (EU) No 1060/2009, as amended (the "EU 
CRA Regulation").] 
 
 
[[•] is not established in the EEA and is not certified 
under Regulation (EU) No 1060/2009, as amended 
(the "EU CRA Regulation") and the rating it has 
given to the Notes is not endorsed by a credit rating 
agency established in the EEA and registered under 
the EU CRA Regulation.] 
 
 
(The above disclosure should reflect the rating 
allocated to Notes of the type being issued under the 
Programme generally or, where the issue has been 
specifically rated, that rating.) 
(Need to include brief explanation of the meaning of 
the rating if this has previously been published by the 
rating provider) 
3. 
INTERESTS OF NATURAL AND LEGAL PERSONS INVOLVED IN THE 
ISSUE/OFFER 
 
(Need to include a description of any interest, including a conflict of interest, that is material to 
the issue/offer, detailing the persons involved and the nature of the interest. May be satisfied by 
the inclusion of the statement below:) 
 
[Save for any fees payable to the [Managers/Dealers], so far as the Issuer is aware, no person 
involved in the offer of the Notes has an interest material to the offer. The [Managers/Dealers] 
and their affiliates have engaged, and may in the future engage, in investment banking and/or 
commercial banking transactions with, and may perform other services for, the Issuer and its 
affiliates in the ordinary course of business. (Amend as appropriate if there are other interests)] 
 
[(When adding any other description, consideration should be given as to whether such matters 
described constitute "significant new factors" and consequently trigger the need for a 
supplement to the Base Prospectus under Article 23 of the Prospectus Regulation.)] 
4. 
REASONS FOR THE OFFER AND ESTIMATED NET PROCEEDS 
 
Reasons for the offer:                              [See "Use of Proceeds" in Base Prospectus/Give 
details] 
[See "Use of Proceeds" wording in the Base 
Prospectus – if reasons for the offer different from 
what is disclosed in the Base Prospectus, give details 
here] 
 
Estimated net proceeds:                          [•] 
5. 
[Fixed Rate Notes only – YIELD 
 
Indication of yield: 
[•] 
 
 
The yield is calculated at the Issue Date on the basis of 
the Issue Price. It is not an indication of future yield. ] 
6. 
OPERATIONAL INFORMATION 
 
ISIN: 
[•]

--- Page 110 ---
- 103 - 
 
Common Code: 
[•] 
 
[FISN: 
[•], as updated, as set out on the website of the 
Association 
of 
National 
Numbering 
Agencies 
(ANNA) or alternatively sourced from the responsible 
National Numbering Agency that assigned the 
ISIN/Not Applicable] 
 
[CFI Code: 
[•], as updated, as set out on the website of the 
Association 
of 
National 
Numbering 
Agencies 
(ANNA) or alternatively sourced from the responsible 
National Numbering Agency that assigned the 
ISIN/Not Applicable] 
 
Any clearing system(s) other than 
Euroclear 
Bank 
SA/NV 
and 
Clearstream Banking S.A. and the 
relevant identification number(s): 
[Not Applicable/give name(s) and number(s)] 
 
Delivery: 
Delivery [against/free of] payment 
 
Names and addresses of additional 
Paying Agent(s) (if any): 
[•] 
 
[Intended to be held in a manner which 
would allow Eurosystem eligibility: 
[Yes. Note that the designation "yes" simply means 
that the Notes are intended upon issue to be deposited 
with one of the ICSDs as common safekeeper [(and 
registered in the name of a nominee of one of the 
ICSDs acting as common safekeeper)] [include this 
text for registered notes] and does not necessarily 
mean that the Notes will be recognised as eligible 
collateral for Eurosystem monetary policy and intra 
day credit operations by the Eurosystem either upon 
issue or at any or all times during their life. Such 
recognition will depend upon the ECB being satisfied 
that Eurosystem eligibility criteria have been met.]/ 
 
 
[No. Whilst the designation is specified as "no" at the 
date of these Final Terms, should the Eurosystem 
eligibility criteria be amended in the future such that 
the Notes are capable of meeting them the Notes may 
then be deposited with one of the ICSDs as common 
safekeeper [(and registered in the name of a nominee 
of one of the ICSDs acting as common safekeeper) 
[include this text for registered notes]. Note that this 
does not necessarily mean that the Notes will then be 
recognised as eligible collateral for Eurosystem 
monetary policy and intra day credit operations by the 
Eurosystem at any time during their life. Such 
recognition will depend upon the ECB being satisfied 
that Eurosystem eligibility criteria have been met.]] 
7. 
DISTRIBUTION 
 
(i) 
Method of distribution: 
[Syndicated/Non-syndicated] 
 
(ii) 
If syndicated: 
 
 
(A) 
Names of Managers: 
[Not Applicable/give names]

--- Page 111 ---
- 104 - 
 
(B) 
Stabilisation 
Manager(s) (if any): 
[Not Applicable/give names] 
 
(iii) 
If non-syndicated, name of 
Dealer: 
[Not Applicable/give name] 
 
(iv) 
US Selling Restrictions: 
[Reg. S Compliance Category [1/2/3]; 
TEFRA C/ TEFRA D/ TEFRA not applicable] 
 
(v) 
Prohibition of Sales to EEA 
Retail Investors: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(If the Notes clearly do not constitute "packaged" 
products, "Not Applicable" should be specified. If the 
Notes may constitute "packaged" products and no key 
information document will be prepared, "Applicable" 
should be specified.) 
 
(vi) 
Prohibition of Sales to UK 
Retail Investors: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(If the Notes clearly do not constitute "packaged" 
products, "Not Applicable" should be specified. If the 
Notes may constitute "packaged" products and no key 
information document will be prepared, "Applicable" 
should be specified.)

--- Page 112 ---
- 105 - 
GENERAL INFORMATION 
(1) 
This Base Prospectus has been approved by the Central Bank of Ireland. Application will be made 
to Euronext Dublin for Notes issued under the Programme to be admitted to the Official List and 
to trading on the regulated market of Euronext Dublin. However, Notes may be issued pursuant to 
the Programme which will not be listed on Euronext Dublin or any other stock exchange or which 
will be listed on such stock exchange as the Issuer and the relevant Dealer(s) agree. 
(2) 
The establishment of the Programme was authorised by a resolution of the board of directors of 
the Issuer and passed on 25 April 2018. The update of the Programme was authorised by a 
resolution of the board of directors of the Issuer and passed on 25 May 2023. 
(3) 
There has been no significant change in the financial performance or financial position of the Issuer 
or of the Group since 31 March 2023 and no material adverse change in the prospects of the Issuer 
or of the Group since 31 December 2022. 
(4) 
Except as disclosed in the section of this Base Prospectus entitled "Description of the Group – 
Litigation and Arbitration" neither the Issuer nor any of its subsidiaries has been involved in any 
governmental, legal or arbitration proceedings (including any such proceedings which are pending 
or threatened of which the Issuer is aware) during the 12 months preceding the date of this Base 
Prospectus which may have or has had in the recent past significant effects on the financial position 
or profitability of the Issuer or the Group. 
(5) 
Each Bearer Note having a maturity of more than one year, Coupon and Talon will bear the 
following legend: "Any United States person who holds this obligation will be subject to 
limitations under the United States income tax laws, including the limitations provided in Sections 
165(j) and 1287(a) of the Internal Revenue Code". 
(6) 
Notes have been accepted for clearance through the Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg 
systems (which are the entities in charge of keeping the records). The Common Code, the 
International Securities Identification Number (ISIN), the Financial Instruments Short Name 
(FISN), the Classification of Financial Instruments (CFI) Code and (where applicable) the 
identification number for any other relevant clearing system for each Series of Notes will be set 
out in the relevant Final Terms. 
(7) 
The Legal Entity Identifier (LEI) code for the Issuer is 549300STIPMK5VSA7Y59. 
(8) 
The website of the Issuer is www.dometicgroup.com. The information on the website of the Issuer 
does not form part of this Prospectus, except where that information has been incorporated by 
reference into this Prospectus. 
(9) 
The address of Euroclear is 1 Boulevard du Roi Albert II, B-1210 Brussels, Belgium and the 
address of Clearstream, Luxembourg is 42 Avenue JF Kennedy, L-1855 Luxembourg.  
(10) 
Where information in this Base Prospectus has been sourced from third parties this information 
has been accurately reproduced and as far as the Issuer is aware and is able to ascertain from the 
information published by such third parties no facts have been omitted which would render the 
reproduced information inaccurate or misleading. The source of third party information is 
identified where used. 
(11) 
The issue price and the amount of the relevant Notes will be determined, before filing of the 
relevant Final Terms of each Tranche, based on the prevailing market conditions. The Issuer does 
not intend to provide any post-issuance information in relation to any issues of Notes. 
(12) 
For so long as Notes may be issued pursuant to this Base Prospectus and/or any of the Notes is 
outstanding, the following documents will be available at www.dometicgroup.com:  
(i) 
the Trust Deed (which includes the form of the Global Notes, the definitive Bearer Notes, 
the Certificates, the Coupons and the Talons); 
(ii) 
the Agency Agreement;

--- Page 113 ---
- 106 - 
(iii) 
 the Memorandum and Articles of Association of the Issuer; 
(iv) 
the published annual report and audited accounts of the Issuer and the Group for the years 
ended 31 December 2021 and 31 December 2022, including the audited consolidated 
annual accounts for the two years ended 31 December 2021 and 31 December 2022; 
(v) 
the published interim report of the Issuer and the Group for the three months ended 31 
March 2023 including the unaudited interim financial statements for the three months 
ended 31 March 2023; 
(vi) 
each Final Terms; and 
(vii) 
a copy of this Base Prospectus together with any Supplement to this Base Prospectus or 
further Prospectus. 
This Base Prospectus, the Final Terms for Notes that are listed on the Official List and admitted to 
trading on the regulated market of Euronext Dublin will be published on the website of Euronext 
Dublin. 
 (13) 
PricewaterhouseCoopers AB of Torsgatan 21, 113 97 Stockholm, Sweden, (Chartered 
Accountants) a member of the Swedish Organisation of Certified Public Accountants (FAR in 
Sweden, the institute for the accounting profession in Sweden) has audited and rendered 
unqualified audit reports on the accounts of the Issuer for the three years ended 31 December 2022. 
(14) 
Certain of the Dealers and their affiliates have engaged, and may in the future engage, in investment 
banking and/or commercial banking transactions with, and may perform services to the Issuer 
and/or its affiliates in the ordinary course of business. 
(15) 
The language of the Base Prospectus is English. Certain legislative references and technical terms 
have been cited in their original language in order that the correct technical meaning may be 
ascribed to them under applicable law. 
(16) 
The Irish Listing Agent is Walkers Listing Services Limited and the address of its registered office 
is 5th Floor, The Exchange, Georges Dock, IFSC, Dublin 1 Ireland. Walkers Listing Services 
Limited is acting solely in its capacity as listing agent for the Issuer in connection with the Notes 
and is not itself seeking admission of the Notes to the Official List or to trading on the regulated 
market of Euronext Dublin. 
(17) 
Except where such information has been incorporated by reference into this Prospectus, the 
contents of the Issuer's website, any website mentioned in this Prospectus or any website directly 
or indirectly linked to these websites have not been verified and do not form part of this Prospectus 
and investors should not rely on such information.

--- Page 114 ---
Registered Office of the Issuer 
Dometic Group AB (publ) 
Hemvärnsgatan 15 
171 54 Solna 
Sweden 
The Trustee 
Deutsche Trustee Company Limited 
Winchester House 
1 Great Winchester Street 
London EC2N 2DB 
United Kingdom 
Dealers 
BNP Paribas 
16, boulevard des Italiens 
75009 Paris 
France 
Deutsche Bank Aktiengesellschaft 
Taunusanlage 12 
60325 Frankfurt am Main 
Germany 
Nordea Bank Abp 
Satamarandakatu 5  
00020 Nordea  
Helsinki  
Finland 
Skandinaviska Enskilda Banken AB (publ) 
Kungsträdgårdsgatan 8 
SE-106 40 Stockholm 
Sweden 
Issuing and Paying Agent 
Deutsche Bank AG, London Branch 
Winchester House 
1 Great Winchester Street 
London EC2N 2DB 
United Kingdom 
Registrar and Transfer Agent 
Deutsche Bank Luxembourg S.A. 
2 Boulevard Konrad Adenauer 
L-1115 Luxembourg 
Arranger 
Nordea Bank Abp 
Satamarandakatu 5  
00020 Nordea  
Helsinki  
Finland 
Irish Listing Agent 
Walkers Listing Services Limited 
5th Floor, The Exchange, Georges Dock, 
IFSC, Dublin 1 
Ireland

--- Page 115 ---
Auditors 
PricewaterhouseCoopers AB 
Torsgatan 21 
SE-113 21 Stockholm 
Sweden 
Legal Advisers to the Issuer 
in respect of English law 
in respect of Swedish law 
Clifford Chance LLP 
10 Upper Bank Street 
London E14 5JJ 
United Kingdom 
Advokatfirman Vinge 
Smålandsgatan 20 
111 46 Stockholm 
Sweden 
To the Dealers and the Trustee as to English law 
Linklaters LLP 
One Silk Street 
London EC2Y 8HQ 
United Kingdom