--- Page 1 ---
BASE PROSPECTUS  
This document constitutes a base prospectus in respect of non-equity securities within the meaning of Article 
8 of Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 (the "Base Prospectus"). 
 
DRIVER UK MASTER S.A.   
 
acting for and on behalf of its Compartment 7 
(incorporated with limited liability in Luxembourg with registered number B 162 723) 
as Issuer   
GBP 7,000,000,000 Programme for the Issuance of Asset Backed Notes (the "Programme") 
Under this Programme, Driver UK Master S.A., acting for and on behalf of its Compartment 7 (the "Issuer") 
may from time to time issue asset backed floating rate Class A Notes and asset backed floating rate Class B 
Notes (together, the "Notes") denominated in GBP (subject always to compliance with all legal and/or 
regulatory requirements).  
The Issuer will issue the relevant Class of Notes in series with the same or different issue dates, interest rates 
and scheduled repayment dates (but having the same interest payment dates) (each a "Series"). For each 
Series of Class A Notes, the Issuer will deliver a global registered note to a Common Safekeeper for 
Clearstream, Luxembourg and Euroclear. For each Series of Class B Notes, the Issuer will deliver a global 
registered note to a Common Depositary for Clearstream, Luxembourg and Euroclear. 
For each issue of Notes, final terms to this Base Prospectus (each such final terms referred to as "Final 
Terms") will be provided as a separate document. The Final Terms must be read in conjunction with the Base 
Prospectus. 
The proceeds of any Initial Notes and any Further Notes will be used to finance the purchase by the Issuer 
of receivables arising against Obligors under financing agreements for the acquisition of vehicles granted to 
such Obligors by Volkswagen Financial Services (UK) Limited ("VWFS" or the "Seller") pursuant to the terms 
and under the conditions of the Receivables Purchase Agreement.  
Each Note entitles the holder to demand the payment of a particular amount of interest and/or principal only, 
if and to the extent such amounts have been received by the Issuer as Collections, from the Cash Collateral 
Account, from the enforcement of the Security with respect to the Receivables and from the Swap 
Agreements. In case of payment in full by the respective Obligors in accordance with the underlying Financing 
Contract and/or utilisation of the Cash Collateral Account to the extent any shortfall of Receivables is fully 
covered thereby, and subject to receipt in full of the amounts payable under the Swap Agreements each 
holder of a Note is entitled to payment of the principal amount plus interest calculated at a percentage rate 
per annum being the sum (subject to a floor of zero) of Compounded Daily SONIA plus the applicable Margin, 
in each case with reference to the principal amount of each Note remaining outstanding immediately prior to 
the time of each payment and published pursuant to Notes Condition 10 (Notices). Payments of principal and 
interest on each Class of Notes and Series of Notes will be made monthly in arrear on the 25th day of each 
month in each year or, if such date is not a Business Day, on the next following Business Day unless that day 
falls in the next calendar month in which case the date will be the first preceding day that is a Business Day. 
This Base Prospectus has been approved by the Commission de Surveillance du Secteur Financier (the 
"CSSF") of Luxembourg in its capacity as competent authority under Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 (the 
"Prospectus Regulation"). The CSSF only approves this Base Prospectus as meeting the standards of 
completeness, comprehensibility and consistency imposed by the Prospectus Regulation and the 
Luxembourg law dated 16 July 2019 on prospectuses for securities (loi du 16 juillet 2019 relative aux 
prospectus pour valeurs mobilières) (the "Luxembourg Prospectus Law"). Such approval should not be 
considered as an endorsement of the quality of the Notes that are subject to this Base Prospectus or an 
endorsement of the Issuer that is subject to this Base Prospectus. Investors should make their own 
assessment as to the suitability of investing in the Notes. In the context of such approval, the CSSF neither 
assumes any responsibility nor gives any undertaking as to the economic and financial soundness of the 
transaction and the quality or solvency of the Issuer in line with Article 6(4) of the Luxembourg Prospectus 
Law. Application will be made to the Luxembourg Stock Exchange for the Notes to be listed on the official list 
of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange and admitted to trading on the Luxembourg Stock Exchange’s regulated 
market upon their issuance. The Luxembourg Stock Exchange's regulated market is a regulated market for

--- Page 2 ---
- ii - 
 
 
 
the purpose of Directive 2014/65/EU. This Base Prospectus constitutes, a base prospectus for the purpose 
of Article 8 of the Prospectus Regulation, and, will be published in electronic form on the website of the 
Luxembourg Stock Exchange (www.luxse.com).The validity of this Base Prospectus will expire on 22 
November 2024. After such date there is no obligation of the Issuer to issue supplements to this Base 
Prospectus in the event of significant new factors, material mistakes or material inaccuracies. This Base 
Prospectus is published on the website of Circumference FS (Luxembourg) S.A. (https://circumferencefs-
luxembourg.com). 
Any websites referred to in this Base Prospectus does not form part of this Base Prospectus and has not 
been scrutinised or approved by the CSSF, except for any website referred to in the section of this Base 
Prospectus headed "DOCUMENTS INCORPORATED BY REFERENCE". 
Each of the Notes will be in the denomination of at least GBP 100,000 (or an amount in GBP equivalent to 
EUR 100,000) and will be governed by the laws of Germany and will be represented by a global registered 
note (the "Global Note"), without interest coupons, issued in respect of each Series of Class A Notes and 
each Series of Class B Notes. The Global Note representing each Series of Class A Notes will be deposited 
with a Common Safekeeper for Clearstream, Luxembourg and Euroclear under the new safekeeping structure 
("NSS") and the Global Note representing each Series of Class B Notes will be deposited with a Common 
Depositary for Clearstream, Luxembourg and Euroclear in the form of a classical global note ("CGN"). The 
Notes represented by the Global Notes will not be exchangeable for definitive Notes. The Class A Notes are 
intended to be held in a manner which will allow Eurosystem eligibility. This does not mean that the Class A 
Notes will be recognised as eligible collateral for Eurosystem monetary policy and intra-day credit operations 
by the Eurosystem either upon issue or at any or all times during their life and the Class A Notes will not 
satisfy all of the applicable criteria that are currently in force to be recognised as Eurosystem eligible collateral 
on issue. Such recognition will depend upon, inter alia, satisfaction of the Eurosystem eligibility criteria. See 
"OVERVIEW OF THE TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THE NOTES - GLOBAL NOTES." 
Ratings have been assigned to the relevant Notes by Fitch Ratings Limited ("Fitch") and S&P Global Ratings 
UK Limited ("S&P"). In general, European regulated investors are restricted from using a rating for regulatory 
purposes if such rating is not issued or endorsed by a credit rating agency established in the European Union 
"EU" and registered or certified under Regulation (EC) No 1060/2009 of the European Parliament (the "CRA 
Regulation"), as amended by Regulation (EU) No 513/2011 and by Regulation (EU) No 462/2013 ("CRA3") 
and UK regulated investors are restricted from using a rating for regulatory purposes if such rating is not 
issued or endorsed by a credit rating agency established in the UK and registered or certified under CRA3 as 
it forms part of domestic law of the United Kingdom by virtue of the European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018 
("EUWA") and as amended by the Credit Rating Agencies (Amendment, etc) (EU Exit) Regulations 2019 (the 
"UK CRA Regulation"). Each of Fitch and S&P is established in the United Kingdom and registered under 
the UK CRA Regulation. The ratings issued by Fitch and S&P have been endorsed by Fitch Ratings Ireland 
Limited and S&P Global Ratings Europe Limited, respectively. Each of Fitch Ratings Ireland Limited and S&P 
Global Ratings Europe Limited is established in the European Union and registered under the CRA 
Regulation. The assignment of ratings to the Notes or an outlook on these ratings is not a recommendation 
to invest in the Notes and may be revised, suspended or withdrawn at any time.  
SONIA 
EU Benchmarks Regulation 
Amounts payable under the Notes are calculated by reference to Compounded Daily SONIA, which is 
provided by the Bank of England (the "SONIA administrator"). As at the date of this Base Prospectus, the 
SONIA administrator does not appear on the register of administrators and benchmarks established and 
maintained by the European Securities and Markets Authority ("ESMA") pursuant to Article 36 of Regulation 
(EU) 2016/1011 of the European Parliament and of the Council of 8 June 2016 on indices used as 
benchmarks in financial instruments and financial contracts or to measure the performance of investment 
funds and amending Directives 2008/48/EC and 2014/17/EU and Regulation (EU) No 596/2014 (the "EU 
Benchmarks Regulation"). As far as the Issuer is aware, Article 2 of the EU Benchmarks Regulation applies, 
such that the SONIA administrator, is not currently required to obtain authorisation or registration (or, if located 
outside the European Union, recognition, endorsement or equivalence).

--- Page 3 ---
- iii - 
 
 
 
UK Benchmarks Regulation 
As at the date of this Base Prospectus, the Bank of England, as administrator of SONIA, does not appear on 
the register of administrators and benchmarks established and maintained by the Financial Conduct Authority 
("FCA") pursuant to the Benchmarks Regulation as it forms part of domestic law of the United Kingdom by 
virtue of the EUWA (the "UK Benchmarks Regulation"). The Bank of England is exempt under Article 2 of 
the UK Benchmarks Regulation but has issued a statement of compliance with the principles for financial 
benchmarks issued in 2013 by the International Organisation of Securities Commissions. 
Responsibility of Prospective Investors 
The purchase of Notes is only suitable for investors that have adequate knowledge and experience in such 
structured investments and have the necessary background and resources to evaluate all risks related with 
the investment that are able to bear the risk of loss of their investment (up to a total loss of the investment) 
without the necessity to liquidate the investment in the meantime and that are able to assess the tax aspects 
of such investment independently. 
Furthermore, each potential investor should on the basis of its own and independent investigation and help 
of its professional advisors (the consultation of which the investor may deem necessary) be able to assess if 
the investment in the Notes is in compliance with its financial requirements, targets and situation (or if it is 
acquiring the Notes in a fiduciary capacity, the beneficiary's), is in compliance with its principles for 
investments, guidelines or any restrictions applicable to it arising from legal investment laws and regulations 
or review or regulation by certain authorities (regardless of whether it acquires the Notes for itself or as a 
trustee) and is an appropriate investment for the purchaser (or for any beneficiary if acting as a trustee), 
notwithstanding the risks of such investment. 
EU Securitisation Regulation, UK Securitisation Regulation and U.S. Risk Retention Rules  
EU Securitisation Regulation and UK Securitisation Regulation 
VWFS is the "originator" for the purposes of Article 2(3) of the UK Securitisation Regulation and the EU 
Securitisation Regulation. VWFS is legally bound to comply with the provisions of the UK Securitisation 
Regulation and contractually agrees to comply with the provisions of the EU Securitisation Regulation. 
All Receivables included in the Portfolio have been originated by VWFS and are sold to the Issuer by VWFS 
in its capacity as Seller.  
VWFS shall, whilst any of the Instruments remain outstanding retain for the life of such Instruments a material 
net economic interest of not less than 5 per cent. with respect to the Transaction in accordance with Article 
6(3)(d) of the UK Securitisation Regulation and Article 6(3)(d) of the EU Securitisation Regulation. 
VWFS undertakes that it will not reduce, hedge or otherwise mitigate its credit exposure to the material net 
economic interest for the purposes of Article 6(1) of the UK Securitisation Regulation and Article 6(1) of the 
EU Securitisation Regulation and: 
(a) 
with respect to the UK Securitisation Regulation, until such time as UK regulatory technical 
standards are published jointly by the FCA and PRA, Article 12 of the Commission Delegated 
Regulation specifying the risk retention requirements pursuant to the UK Securitisation 
Regulation (the "Commission Delegated Regulation") (BTS 625/2014 as amended by 
Annex R of The Technical Standards (Capital Requirements) (EU Exit) (No. 3) Instrument 
2019) and, pursuant to Article 43(7) of the UK Securitisation Regulation, until regulatory 
technical standards are adopted jointly by the FCA and PRA, provided that the level of 
retention may reduce over time in compliance with Article 10 (2) of the Commission 
Delegated Regulation.  
(b) 
for the purposes of the EU Securitisation Regulation, Article 7 of the Commission Delegated 
Regulation (EU) 2023/2175 of 7 July 2023 on supplementing the Securitisation Regulation 
with regard to regulatory technical standards specifying in greater detail the risk retention 
requirements for originators, sponsors, original lenders and services (the "RRTS") adopted 
by the Commission pursuant to Article 6(7) of the EU Securitisation Regulation, provided 
that the level of retention may reduce over time in compliance with Article 10 (2) of the RRTS.

--- Page 4 ---
- iv - 
 
 
 
As at the Initial Issue Date and any Further Issue Date, such interest will be comprised of a retention of the 
first loss tranche equivalent to no less than 5 per cent. of the nominal amount of the securitised exposures. 
After the Closing Date, the Servicer, on behalf of the Issuer, will prepare Servicer Reports wherein relevant 
information with regard to the Purchased Receivables will be disclosed publicly together with an overview of 
the retention of the material net economic interest by the Seller for the purposes of which the Seller will 
provide the Issuer with all information reasonably required in accordance with the Securitisation Regulation 
(EU) Disclosure Requirements and the Securitisation Regulation (UK) Disclosure Requirements. 
The Lead Manager and each Lender and Noteholder, to the extent the EU Securitisation Regulation or UK 
Securitisation Regulation is applicable to it, are required to independently assess and determine the 
sufficiency of the information described in the preceding two paragraphs for the purposes of complying with 
Article 5 et seq. of the EU Securitisation Regulation or Article 5 et seq. of the UK Securitisation Regulation 
and neither the Issuer nor VWFS makes any representation that the information described above is sufficient 
in all circumstances for such purposes. 
Each prospective investor is required to independently assess and determine the sufficiency of the information 
described in the preceding paragraphs of this section and in this Base Prospectus generally for the purposes 
of complying with Article 5 et seq. of the EU Securitisation Regulation or Article 5 et seq. of the UK 
Securitisation Regulation and none of the Issuer, the Seller (in its capacity as the Seller and the Servicer), 
the Arranger, the Swap Counterparties, the Lead Manager nor the Transaction Parties makes any 
representation that the information described above or in this Base Prospectus generally is sufficient in all 
circumstances for such purposes. In addition, each prospective investor should ensure that it complies with 
the implementing provisions in respect of the EU Securitisation Regulation or UK Securitisation Regulation 
as applicable in its relevant jurisdiction. Prospective investors who are uncertain as to the requirements which 
apply to them in respect of their relevant jurisdiction should seek guidance from their regulator and/or 
independent legal advice on the issue.  
As at the Closing Date the originator is not established in the EU and so the Transaction will not qualify as an 
EU STS securitisation on the basis that the requirements of Article 18 of the EU Securitisation Regulation are 
not fulfilled. In accordance with Article 27(1) of the UK Securitisation Regulation as amended by the 
Securitisation (Amendment) (EU Exit) Regulations 2019, the Seller will provide a notification to the FCA 
notifying the FCA that the Transaction would meet the UK STS criteria (the "UK STS Notification"). The FCA 
is obliged to maintain on its website a list of all securitisations which the originators and sponsors have notified 
as meeting the STS requirements in accordance with Article 27(5) of the UK Securitisation Regulation. For 
this 
purpose, 
the 
FCA 
has 
set 
up 
a 
register 
on 
an 
interim 
basis 
under 
http://data.fca.org.uk/#/sts/stssecuritisations.  
The Issuer and VWFS as the originator hereby designate this Base Prospectus as the "transaction summary" 
for the purposes of Article 7(1)(c) of the UK Securitisation Regulation. 
U.S. Risk Retention Rules 
The issuance of the Notes was not designed to comply with the U.S. Risk Retention Rules other than the 
exemption under Section _.20 of the U.S. Risk Retention Rules and no other steps have been taken by the 
Issuer, the Seller, Arranger, the Lead Manager or any of their affiliates or any other party to accomplish such 
compliance. 
The Seller accepts responsibility for the information set out in this section "EU Securitisation Regulation, 
UK Securitisation Regulation and U.S. Risk Retention Rules". 
Prohibition of Sales to EEA Retail Investors 
The Notes are not intended to be offered, sold or otherwise made available to and should not be offered, sold 
or otherwise made available to any retail investor in the European Economic Area ("EEA"). For these 
purposes, a retail investor means a person who is one (or more) of: (i) a retail client as defined in point (11) 
of Article 4(1) of Directive 2014/65/EU (as amended, "MiFID II"); (ii) a customer within the meaning of Directive 
2016/97/EU (as amended, the "Insurance Distribution Directive"), where that customer would not qualify 
as a professional client as defined in point (10) of Article 4(1) of MiFID II; or (iii) not a qualified investor as 
defined in Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 (as amended, the "Prospectus Regulation"). Consequently no key 
information document required by Regulation (EU) No 1286/2014 (as amended, the "PRIIPs Regulation")

--- Page 5 ---
- v - 
 
 
 
for offering or selling the Notes or otherwise making them available to retail investors in the EEA has been 
prepared and therefore offering or selling the Notes or otherwise making them available to any retail investor 
in the EEA may be unlawful under the PRIIPs Regulation. 
Prohibition of Sales to UK Retail Investors 
The Notes are not intended to be offered, sold or otherwise made available to and should not be offered, sold 
or otherwise made available to any retail investor in the United Kingdom. For these purposes, a retail investor 
means a person who is one (or more) of: (i) a retail client as defined in point (8) of Article 2 of Regulation (EU) 
No 2017/565 as it forms part of domestic law of the United Kingdom by virtue of the EUWA; or (ii) a customer 
within the meaning of the provisions of the FSMA and any rules or regulations made under the FSMA to 
implement in the Insurance Distribution Directive, where that customer would not qualify as a professional 
client, as defined in point (8) of Article 2(1) of Regulation the PRIPPs Regulation as it forms part of domestic 
law of the United Kingdom by virtue of the EUWA; or (iii) not a qualified investor as defined in Article 2 of 
Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 as it forms part of domestic law of the United Kingdom by virtue of the EUWA. 
Consequently no key information document required by Regulation (EU) No 1286/2014 as it forms part of 
domestic law of the United Kingdom by virtue of the EUWA for offering or selling the Notes or otherwise 
making them available to retail investors in the United Kingdom has been prepared and therefore offering or 
selling the Notes or otherwise making them available to any retail investor in the United Kingdom may be 
unlawful under the PRIIPs Regulation. 
UK MIFIR product governance / Professional investors and ECPs only target market  
 
Solely for the purposes of the manufacturer’s product approval process, the target market assessment 
pursuant to the FCA Handbook Conduct of Business Sourcebook ("COBS") in respect of the Notes has led 
to the conclusion that: (a) the target market for the Notes is only: (i) eligible counterparties, as defined in: (x) 
COBS; and (y) as at the Closing Date, Directive 2015/65/EU ("EU MIFID II"); and (ii) professional clients, as 
defined in: (x) Regulation (EU) No 600/2014 as it forms part of domestic law of the United Kingdom by virtue 
of the EUWA ("UK MiFIR"); and (y) as at the Closing Date, EU MIFID II; and (b) all channels for distribution 
of the Notes to eligible counterparties and professional clients are appropriate, noting the responsibility of the 
manufacturer under COBS only. Any person subsequently offering, selling or recommending the Notes (a 
"distributor") should take into consideration the manufacturer’s target market assessment; however, a 
distributor subject to the FCA Handbook Product Intervention and Product Governance Sourcebook (the "UK 
MiFIR Product Governance Rules") or, as the case may be, EU MIFID II is responsible for undertaking its 
own target market assessment in respect of the Notes (by either adopting or refining the manufacturer’s target 
market assessment) and determining appropriate distribution channels.  
The Seller has internal policies and procedures in relation to the granting of credit, administration of credit-
risk bearing portfolios and risk mitigation. The policies and procedures of the Seller in this regard broadly 
include the following: 
(a) criteria for the granting of credit and the process for approving, amending, renewing and re-financing 
credits, as to which please see further the section of the Base Prospectus headed "BUSINESS 
PROCEDURES OF VOLKSWAGEN FINANCIAL SERVICES (UK) LIMITED" and "ADMINISTRATION OF 
THE PURCHASED RECEIVABLES UNDER THE SERVICING AGREEMENT"; 
(b) systems in place to administer and monitor the various credit-risk bearing portfolios and exposures, as to 
which we note that the Portfolio will be serviced in line with the usual servicing procedures of the Seller – 
please see further the section of the Base Prospectus headed "ADMINISTRATION OF THE PURCHASED 
RECEIVABLES UNDER THE SERVICING AGREEMENT"; 
(c) diversification of credit portfolios given the Seller's target market and overall credit strategy, as to which, 
in relation to the Portfolio, please see the section of the Base Prospectus headed "THE PURCHASED 
RECEIVABLES POOL"; and 
(d) policies and procedures in relation to risk mitigation techniques, as to which please see further the sections 
of the Base Prospectus headed "BUSINESS PROCEDURES OF VOLKSWAGEN FINANCIAL SERVICES 
(UK) LIMITED" and " ADMINISTRATION OF THE PURCHASED RECEIVABLES UNDER THE SERVICING 
AGREEMENT".

--- Page 6 ---
- vi - 
 
 
 
For a discussion of certain significant factors affecting investments in the Notes, see "RISK 
FACTORS". 
For reference to the definitions of capitalised terms appearing in this Base Prospectus and certain 
interpretation rules, see "THE MASTER DEFINITIONS SCHEDULE".  
ARRANGER 
 
Lloyds Bank 
Corporate Markets  
 
 
LEAD MANAGER 
 
 
Lloyds Bank 
Corporate Markets  
 
 
 
Base Prospectus dated 22 November 2023

--- Page 7 ---
- vii - 
 
 
 
The Issuer accepts full responsibility for the information contained in this Base Prospectus and any Final 
Terms notwithstanding that the Seller and Servicer, the Security Trustee, the relevant Swap Counterparty, 
the Principal Paying Agent, the Interest Determination Agent, the Cash Administrator, the Account Bank or 
any other party expressly accepts responsibility for its own description or information which it provides in this 
Base Prospectus (being, in the case of the Security Trustee the information under the section "SECURITY 
TRUSTEE", in the case of each Swap Counterparty the information under its name in the section "SWAP 
COUNTERPARTIES", in the case of the Principal Paying Agent, Interest Determination Agent and Cash 
Administrator 
the 
information 
under 
the 
section 
"PRINCIPAL 
PAYING 
AGENT, 
INTEREST 
DETERMINATION AGENT AND CASH ADMINISTRATOR" and in the case of the Account Bank under the 
section "ACCOUNT BANK"), provided that, with respect to any information included herein and specified to 
be sourced from a third party (i) the Issuer confirms that any such information has been accurately reproduced 
and as far as the Issuer is aware and is able to ascertain from the information available to it from such third 
party, no facts have been omitted, the omission of which would render the reproduced information inaccurate 
or misleading and (ii) the Issuer has not independently verified any such information sourced from a third 
party and accepts no responsibility for the accuracy thereof. The Issuer has taken all reasonable care to 
ensure that the information given in this Base Prospectus and the Final Terms is to the best of its knowledge 
in accordance with the facts and does not omit anything likely to affect its import. The Issuer has taken all 
reasonable care to ensure that the information in this Base Prospectus and any Final Terms is true and 
accurate in all material respects and that there are no other material facts the omission of which would make 
misleading any statement herein, whether of fact or opinion. Volkswagen Financial Services (UK) Limited as 
the Seller and Servicer accepts responsibility for any information in this Base Prospectus and, if any, in the 
Final Terms relating to the Purchased Receivables, the Security, the disclosure of servicing related risk 
factors, risk factors relating to the Purchased Receivables, the information contained in "DESCRIPTION OF 
THE PORTFOLIO", "THE PURCHASED RECEIVABLES POOL", "BUSINESS PROCEDURES OF 
VOLKSWAGEN 
FINANCIAL 
SERVICES 
(UK) 
LIMITED", 
"THE 
SELLER 
AND 
SERVICER", 
"ADMINISTRATION OF THE PURCHASED RECEIVABLES UNDER THE SERVICING AGREEMENT", 
"BUSINESS AND ORGANISATION OF VOLKSWAGEN FINANCIAL SERVICES (UK) LIMITED" and the 
paragraphs on pages iii and iv headed "EU Securitisation Regulation, UK Securitisation Regulation and 
U.S. Risk Retention Rules" (the "VWFS Information"). Subject to the foregoing, Volkswagen Financial 
Services (UK) Limited as Seller and Servicer has taken all reasonable care to ensure that the information 
given in the VWFS Information is to the best of its knowledge, in accordance with the facts and does not omit 
anything likely to affect its import. The Lead Manager accepts full responsibility for the information contained 
in "WEIGHTED AVERAGE LIFE OF THE NOTES", (subject to the qualifications in such section) except that 
to the extent there is any inaccuracy resulting from information provided by VWFS to the Lead Manager, in 
which case VWFS is solely responsible for such information. 
No person has been authorised to give any information or to make any representations, other than those 
contained in this Base Prospectus, in connection with the issue and sale of the Notes and, if given or made, 
such information or representations must not be relied upon as having been authorised by the Issuer, 
Volkswagen Financial Services (UK) Limited, the Security Trustee, the Servicer, the Lead Manager, the Swap 
Counterparties or by the Arranger shown on the cover page or any other parties described in this Base 
Prospectus. The Arranger and the Lead Manager do not constitute an underwriting syndicate or otherwise 
take responsibility for the subscription, sale or other matters in connection with the issue of any Notes under 
this Base Prospectus except to the extent that any of the Arranger, the Swap Counterparties or the Lead 
Manager takes part in such issue as manager, underwriter, selling agent or in similar capacity. The delivery 
of this Base Prospectus does not imply any assurance by the Issuer, Volkswagen Financial Services (UK) 
Limited, the Security Trustee, the Servicer, the Swap Counterparties, the Lead Manager or by the Arranger 
shown on the cover page or any other parties described in this Base Prospectus that this Base Prospectus 
will continue to be correct at all times during the one-year period of validity except that the Issuer will publish 
a supplement to this Base Prospectus if and when required pursuant to Article 23 of the Prospectus 
Regulation. Any such supplement will be published on the website of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange 
(www.luxse.com) and on the website of Circumference FS (Luxembourg) S.A. (https://circumferencefs-
luxembourg.com).  
The Notes have not been and will not be registered under the U.S. Securities Act of 1933, as amended from 
time to time (the "Securities Act"). Subject to certain exceptions, the Notes may not be offered, sold or 
delivered within the United States or to U.S. persons (within the meaning of Regulation S under the Securities 
Act).

--- Page 8 ---
- viii - 
 
 
 
The Notes at all times may not be purchased, without the prior consent of the Seller, by any person except 
for persons that are not "U.S. persons" as defined in the U.S. Risk Retention Rules ("Risk Retention U.S. 
Persons"). "U.S. Risk Retention Rules" means Regulation RR (17 C.F.R Part 246) implementing the risk 
retention requirements of Section 15G of the U.S. Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended.  Prospective 
investors should note that the definition of "U.S. person" in the U.S. Risk Retention Rules is substantially 
similar to, but not identical to, the definition of "U.S. person" in Regulation S. Each purchaser of Notes, 
including beneficial interests therein, will be deemed to, and in certain circumstances will be required to, 
represent and agree that (1) it is not a Risk Retention U.S. Person (2) it is acquiring such Note or a beneficial 
interest therein for its own account and not with a view to distribute such Note to a U.S. Person; and (3) it is 
not acquiring such Note or a beneficial interest therein as part of a scheme to evade the requirements of the 
U.S. Risk Retention Rules.  Each prospective investor will be required to make these representations if such 
representations have not been previously made, as a condition to placing any offer to purchase the Notes. 
The Issuer, VWFS and the Lead Manager will rely on these representations, without further investigation. 
The Notes may not be offered, or sold within the United States or to, or for the account or benefit of, U.S. 
Persons except (i) pursuant to an exemption from, or in a transaction not subject to the registration 
requirements of, the Securities Act and (ii) without the prior consent of the Seller, in accordance with an 
exemption from the U.S. Risk Retention Rules. 
The issuance of the Notes was not designed to comply with the U.S. Risk Retention Rules other than the 
exemption under Section _.20 of the U.S. Risk Retention Rules and no other steps have been taken by the 
Issuer, the Seller, Arranger, the Lead Manager or any of their affiliates or any other party to accomplish such 
compliance. 
Neither the delivery of this Base Prospectus or any Final Terms, nor any offering, sale or delivery of any Notes 
shall, under any circumstances, create any implication (i) that the information in this Base Prospectus is 
correct at any time subsequent to the date hereof, or (ii) that there has been no adverse change in the financial 
situation of the Issuer or with respect to Volkswagen Financial Services (UK) Limited since the date of this 
Base Prospectus or the balance sheet date of the most recent relevant financial statements or (iii) that any 
other information supplied in connection with the issue of the Notes is correct at any time subsequent to the 
date on which it is supplied or, if different, the date indicated in the document containing the same. This does 
not affect the obligation of the Issuer to file a supplement in accordance with Article 23 of the Prospectus 
Regulation. Any such supplement will be published on the website of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange 
(www.luxse.com) and on the website of Circumference FS (Luxembourg) S.A. (https://circumferencefs-
luxembourg.com). 
No action has been taken by the Issuer, the Lead Manager and the Arranger other than as set out in this 
Base Prospectus that would permit a public offering of the Notes, or possession or distribution of this Base 
Prospectus, any Final Terms or any other offering material in any country or jurisdiction where action for that 
purpose is required. Accordingly, no Notes may be offered or sold, directly or indirectly, and neither this Base 
Prospectus (or any part hereof) or any Final Terms, nor any advertisement or other offering materials may be 
issued, distributed or published in any country or jurisdiction except in compliance with applicable laws, 
orders, rules and regulations, and the Issuer, the Lead Manager and the Arranger have represented that all 
offers and sales by them have been made on such terms. The Notes are not intended for investment by retail 
investors and this Base Prospectus has not been prepared for distribution to retail investors. 
Neither this Base Prospectus nor any Final Terms constitute an offer to sell or the solicitation of an offer to 
buy any securities other than the securities to which it relates or an offer to sell or the solicitation of any offer 
to buy any of the securities offered hereby or thereby in any circumstances in which such offer or solicitation 
is unlawful. The distribution of this Base Prospectus (or of any part thereof) or any Final Terms and the offering 
and sale of the Notes in certain jurisdictions may be restricted by law. Persons into whose possession this 
Base Prospectus (or any part thereof) comes are required by the Issuer, the Lead Manager and the Arranger 
to inform themselves about and to observe any such restrictions. Neither this Base Prospectus nor any Final 
Terms constitute, or may be used for, or in connection with, an offer or solicitation by anyone in any jurisdiction 
in which such offer or solicitation is not authorised or to any person to whom it is unlawful to make such offer 
or solicitation. For a further description of certain restrictions on offerings and sales of the Notes and 
distribution of this Base Prospectus (or of any part thereof) or any Final Terms see "SUBSCRIPTION AND 
SALE". 
THE NOTES REPRESENT OBLIGATIONS OF THE ISSUER ONLY AND DO NOT REPRESENT AN 
INTEREST IN OR OBLIGATION OF ANY OF THE ARRANGER, THE LEAD MANAGER, THE SELLER,

--- Page 9 ---
- ix - 
 
 
 
THE SERVICER (IF DIFFERENT), THE RELEVANT SWAP COUNTERPARTY, THE SECURITY TRUSTEE, 
THE ACCOUNT BANK, THE CASH ADMINISTRATOR, THE REGISTRAR, THE PRINCIPAL PAYING 
AGENT, THE INTEREST DETERMINATION AGENT, THE CORPORATE SERVICES PROVIDER, THE 
DATA PROTECTION TRUSTEE, OR ANY OF THEIR RESPECTIVE AFFILIATES OR ANY OTHER PARTY 
(OTHER THAN THE ISSUER) TO THE TRANSACTION DOCUMENTS. IT SHOULD BE NOTED FURTHER 
THAT THE NOTES WILL ONLY BE CAPABLE OF BEING SATISFIED AND DISCHARGED FROM THE 
ASSETS OF THE ISSUER. NEITHER THE NOTES NOR THE UNDERLYING PURCHASED 
RECEIVABLES WILL BE INSURED OR GUARANTEED BY ANY GOVERNMENTAL AUTHORITY OR BY 
ANY OF THE ARRANGER, THE LEAD MANAGER, THE SELLER, THE SERVICER (IF DIFFERENT), THE 
RELEVANT SWAP COUNTERPARTY, THE SECURITY TRUSTEE, THE ACCOUNT BANK, THE CASH 
ADMINISTRATOR, THE REGISTRAR, THE PRINCIPAL PAYING AGENT, THE DATA PROTECTION 
TRUSTEE, THE INTEREST DETERMINATION AGENT, THE CORPORATE SERVICES PROVIDER, OR 
ANY OF THEIR RESPECTIVE AFFILIATES OR ANY OTHER PARTY (OTHER THAN THE ISSUER) TO 
THE TRANSACTION DOCUMENTS OR BY ANY OTHER PERSON OR ENTITY EXCEPT AS DESCRIBED 
HEREIN. 
THE NOTES OFFERED HEREBY HAVE NOT BEEN AND WILL NOT BE REGISTERED UNDER THE 
UNITED STATES SECURITIES ACT OF 1933, AS AMENDED (THE "SECURITIES ACT"), OR ANY STATE 
SECURITIES LAWS, NOR HAS THE ISSUER BEEN REGISTERED UNDER THE UNITED STATES 
INVESTMENT COMPANY ACT OF 1940 (THE "INVESTMENT COMPANY ACT"). THE ISSUER WILL BE 
RELYING ON AN EXCLUSION OR EXEMPTION FROM THE DEFINITION OF "INVESTMENT COMPANY" 
UNDER THE INVESTMENT COMPANY ACT CONTAINED IN SECTION 3(C)(1) OF THE INVESTMENT 
COMPANY ACT, ALTHOUGH THERE MAY BE ADDITIONAL STATUTORY OR REGULATORY 
EXCLUSIONS OR EXEMPTIONS AVAILABLE TO THE ISSUER. THE ISSUER IS BEING STRUCTURED 
SO AS NOT TO CONSTITUTE A "COVERED FUND" FOR PURPOSES OF REGULATIONS ADOPTED 
UNDER SECTION 13 OF THE BANK HOLDING COMPANY ACT OF 1956, AS AMENDED, COMMONLY 
KNOWN AS THE "VOLCKER RULE." 
If you are in any doubt about the contents of this document you should consult your stockbroker, 
bank manager, legal advisor, accountant or other financial adviser. 
An investment in the Notes that are the subject of this Base Prospectus is only suitable for financially 
sophisticated investors who are capable of evaluating the merits and risks of such investment and 
who have sufficient resources to be able to bear any losses which may result from such investment 
(including the total loss of the amount invested in the Notes together with the expenses incurred for 
purchasing and holding the Notes). 
It should be remembered that the price of securities and the expected income from them may 
decrease. 
Neither the Arranger nor the Swap Counterparties nor the Lead Manager have verified the information 
contained herein. Accordingly, no representation, warranty or undertaking, express or implied, is 
made and no responsibility or liability is accepted by any of the Arranger, the Swap Counterparties 
or the Lead Manager as to the accuracy or completeness of the information contained in this Base 
Prospectus and any Final Terms. In making an investment decision, investors must rely on their own 
examination of the terms of this Base Prospectus, including the merits and risks involved.

--- Page 10 ---
CONTENTS 
 
CLAUSE 
PAGE 
GENERAL DESCRIPTION OF THE PROGRAMME 
1 
RISK FACTORS 
2 
STRUCTURE DIAGRAM 
40 
PRINCIPAL FEATURES OF THE NOTES 
41 
TRANSACTION OVERVIEW 
44 
THE PARTIES 
44 
THE NOTES 
46 
THE SECURITY 
66 
IMPORTANT TRANSACTION DOCUMENTS AND TRANSACTION FEATURES 
68 
EU AND UK RISK RETENTION AND SECURITISATION REGULATION REPORTING 
75 
USE OF PROCEEDS 
80 
DOCUMENTS INCORPORATED BY REFERENCE 
81 
OVERVIEW OF THE TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THE NOTES 
82 
ABSTRACT OF THE OTHER PRINCIPAL TRANSACTION DOCUMENTS 
94 
TAXATION 
102 
VERIFICATION BY PCS 
106 
DESCRIPTION OF THE PORTFOLIO 
108 
THE PURCHASED RECEIVABLES POOL 
119 
DELINQUENCIES 
128 
HISTORICAL PERFORMANCE DATA 
171 
WEIGHTED AVERAGE LIFE OF THE NOTES 
193 
THE SELLER AND SERVICER 
196 
BUSINESS PROCEDURES OF VOLKSWAGEN FINANCIAL SERVICES (UK) LIMITED 
199 
ADMINISTRATION OF THE PURCHASED RECEIVABLES UNDER THE SERVICING 
AGREEMENT 
208 
SECURITY TRUSTEE 
214 
DATA PROTECTION TRUSTEE 
215 
PRINCIPAL PAYING AGENT, INTEREST DETERMINATION AGENT, CASH ADMINISTRATOR, 
REGISTRAR AND ACCOUNT BANK 
216 
SWAP COUNTERPARTIES 
217 
RATINGS 
219 
THE ISSUER 
221 
CORPORATE ADMINISTRATION AND ACCOUNTS 
225 
TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THE CLASS A NOTES 
226 
TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THE CLASS B NOTES 
240

--- Page 11 ---
- ii - 
 
 
FORM OF FINAL TERMS 
254 
TRUST AGREEMENT 
257 
INCORPORATED TERMS MEMORANDUM 
277 
SUBSCRIPTION AND SALE 
315 
Prohibition of Sales to EEA Retail Investors 
316 
Prohibition of Sales to UK Retail Investors 
317 
GENERAL INFORMATION 
318

--- Page 12 ---
GENERAL DESCRIPTION OF THE PROGRAMME 
The Programme is a GBP 7,000,000,000 Programme for the issuance of the Notes under which the Issuer 
may from time to time issue asset backed floating rate notes denominated in GBP (subject always to 
compliance with all legal and/or regulatory requirements). The applicable terms to any Notes will be agreed 
between the Issuer and the relevant purchaser prior to the issue of the Notes and will be set out in the Terms 
and the Notes Conditions attached to the relevant Global Note representing such Notes, as completed by the 
applicable Final Terms attached to such Global Note (see "TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THE NOTES - 
1. FORM AND NOMINAL AMOUNT OF THE NOTES" below for further detail). In addition the Issuer may 
request Advances under Schuldschein Loans.

--- Page 13 ---
- 2 - 
 
 
RISK FACTORS 
THE PURCHASE OF THE NOTES MAY INVOLVE SUBSTANTIAL RISKS AND BE SUITABLE ONLY FOR 
INVESTORS WHO HAVE THE KNOWLEDGE AND EXPERIENCE IN FINANCIAL AND BUSINESS 
MATTERS NECESSARY TO ENABLE THEM TO EVALUATE THE RISKS AND THE MERITS OF AN 
INVESTMENT IN THE NOTES. PRIOR TO MAKING AN INVESTMENT DECISION, PROSPECTIVE 
INVESTORS 
SHOULD 
CAREFULLY 
CONSIDER 
IN 
LIGHT 
OF 
THEIR 
OWN 
FINANCIAL 
CIRCUMSTANCES AND INVESTMENT OBJECTIVES ALL THE INFORMATION SET FORTH IN THIS 
BASE PROSPECTUS AND, IN PARTICULAR, THE CONSIDERATIONS SET FORTH BELOW. 
PROSPECTIVE INVESTORS SHOULD MAKE SUCH INQUIRIES AS THEY DEEM NECESSARY WITHOUT 
RELYING ON THE ISSUER, THE ARRANGER OR THE LEAD MANAGER. 
The Issuer believes that the following factors may affect its ability to fulfil its obligations under the Notes. 
These factors are contingencies which may or may not occur and the Issuer is not in a position to express a 
view on the likelihood of any such contingency occurring. 
The Issuer believes that the risks described in this section are the material risks inherent in investing in Notes 
but the inability of the Issuer to pay interest, principal or other amounts on or in connection with the Notes 
may occur for other reasons. Accordingly, prospective investors should consider the detailed information set 
out elsewhere in this Base Prospectus. Although the Issuer believes that the various structural elements 
described in this document mitigate some of these risks for Noteholders, there can be no assurance that 
these measures will be sufficient to ensure payment to Noteholders of interest, principal or any other amounts 
on or in connection with the Notes on a timely basis or at all. Additional risks and uncertainties not presently 
known to the Issuer or that the Issuer currently believes to be immaterial could also have a material impact 
on the Issuer's financial strength. 
I.  
RISKS FACTORS WHICH ARE SPECIFIC AND MATERIAL TO THE ISSUER 
No Recourse to other Compartments and Non-Petition Clause 
The Notes are limited recourse contractual obligations of the Issuer solely in respect of Compartment 7 within 
the meaning of the Luxembourg Securitisation Law. Pursuant to Article 62(2) of the Luxembourg 
Securitisation Law, where an individual compartment's assets are insufficient for the purpose of meeting the 
Issuer's obligations under a respective issuance, it is not possible for the noteholders in that compartment's 
issuance to obtain the satisfaction of the debt owed to them by the Issuer from assets belonging to another 
compartment. Recourse of the Noteholders in respect of claims against the Issuer under or in relation to the 
Notes will be strictly limited to the net assets allocated to Compartment 7 (the "Compartment 7 Assets") 
and shall not extend to the remainder of the Issuer's estate. Furthermore, the other parties to the Transaction 
Documents are not liable for the obligations of the Issuer and no third party guarantees the fulfilment of the 
Issuer's obligations under the Notes. Consequently, the Noteholders have no rights of recourse against such 
third parties.  
In this context, it is possible that any proceeds from the realisation by the Security Trustee of the security 
upon the occurrence of a Foreclosure Event prove insufficient to enable the Issuer to meet all payments due 
in respect of the Notes, taking into account the Order of Priority and the Noteholders will then have no further 
claim against the assets of any other compartment or any non-compartmental assets of the Issuer. 
Consequently, in case of enforcement of the claims under the Notes, to the extent that the proceeds from the 
liquidation of the Compartment 7 Assets proves insufficient to make all payments due in respect of the Notes 
(the "Shortfall"), any claims arising against the Issuer due to such Shortfall shall be extinguished and neither 
the Noteholders nor any person on their behalf shall have the right to petition for the winding up of the Issuer 
to recover the Shortfall amount.  
Finally, should the Issuer be declared bankrupt, the Luxembourg court will appoint a bankruptcy trustee 
("curateur") who shall be the sole legal representative of Driver UK Master S.A. and obliged to take such 
action as he deems to be in the best interests of Driver UK Master S.A. and of all creditors of Driver UK Master 
S.A. The conditions for opening bankruptcy proceedings are the cessation of payments ("cessation des 
paiements") and the loss of creditworthiness ("ébranlement du credit"). The failure of controlled management 
proceedings may also constitute grounds for the opening of bankruptcy proceedings. Certain preferred 
creditors of Driver UK Master S.A. (including the Luxembourg tax authorities) may have a privilege that ranks 
senior to the rights of the Noteholders in such circumstances. This may further reduce the available assets of

--- Page 14 ---
- 3 - 
 
 
Compartment 7, therefore increasing the risk of the Issuer not being able to meet in full its payment obligations 
against the Noteholders under Luxembourg law. As a result, the Noteholders may face the risk of not being 
able to receive any income in respect of their investment or, at worst, of being unable to recover their initial 
investment.  
Furthermore, the enforcement of the payment obligations under the Notes shall solely be effected by the 
Security Trustee in accordance with the Trust Agreement.  
Risk in respect of payments made and Security provided during the "suspect period" 
Driver UK Master S.A. is a public limited liability company (société anonyme) incorporated under the laws of 
Luxembourg, has its registered office in Luxembourg and is managed by its Board of Directors, professionally 
residing in Luxembourg. Accordingly, bankruptcy proceedings with respect to Driver UK Master S.A. would 
likely proceed under, and be governed by, the bankruptcy laws of Luxembourg. Driver UK Master S.A. can 
be declared bankrupt upon petition by a creditor of Driver UK Master S.A. or at the initiative of the court or at 
the request of Driver UK Master S.A. in accordance with the relevant provisions of Luxembourg insolvency 
law. Under Luxembourg law, a company is bankrupt ("en faillite") when it is unable to meet its current liabilities 
and when its creditworthiness is impaired. The conditions for opening bankruptcy proceedings are the 
cessation of payments ("cessation des paiements") and the loss of creditworthiness ("ébranlement du credit"). 
The failure of controlled management proceedings may also constitute grounds for the opening of bankruptcy 
proceedings. Other insolvency proceedings under Luxembourg law include controlled management and 
moratorium of payments ("gestion controlée et sursis de paiement") of the Issuer, composition proceedings 
("concordat") and judicial liquidation proceedings ("liquidation judicaire"). 
Under Luxembourg bankruptcy law, certain acts deemed to be abnormal if carried out by the bankrupt party 
during the so-called "suspect period" or ten days preceding the "suspect period" may be unenforceable 
against the bankruptcy estate of such party. Whilst the unenforceability is compulsory in certain cases, it is 
optional in other cases. The "suspect period" is the period that lapses between the date of cessation of 
payments ("cessation de paiements"), as determined by the bankruptcy court, and the date of the court order 
declaring the bankruptcy. The "suspect period" cannot exceed six months. 
Under Article 445 of the Luxembourg Code of Commerce, (a) a contract for the transfer of movable or 
immovable property entered into or carried out without consideration, or a contract or transaction entered into 
or carried out with considerably insufficient consideration for the insolvent party; (b) a payment, whether in 
cash or by transfer, assignment, sale, set-off or otherwise for debts not yet due, or a payment other than in 
cash or bills of exchange for debts due or (c) a contractual or judiciary mortgage, pledge, or charge on the 
debtor's assets for previous debts, would each be unenforceable against the bankruptcy estate if carried out 
during the "suspect period" or ten days preceding the "suspect period".  
Under Article 448 of the Luxembourg Code of Commerce, transactions entered into by the bankrupt debtor 
with the intent to deprive its creditors are null and void, regardless of the date on which they were made.  
Under Article 446 of the Luxembourg Code of Commerce, any payments made by the bankrupt debtor in the 
"suspect period" may be rescinded if the creditor was aware of the cessation of payment of the debtor. 
If the Issuer is declared bankrupt, a competent court in Luxembourg may consider that the Issuer's entry into 
the Transaction and the Transaction Documents has been carried out within the so-called "suspect period". 
In such case, any payment of principal or interest in respect of the Notes could be unenforceable against the 
Issuer, in application of sub (b) of Article 445 of the Luxembourg Code of Commerce and Noteholders could 
face the risk of non-recovery of payments due under the Notes.  
According to Article 61(4) second paragraph of the Luxembourg Securitisation Law and without prejudice to 
the provisions of the law of 5 August 2005 on financial collateral arrangements, the validity and perfection of 
each of the security interests mentioned under item (c) of Article 445 of the Luxembourg Code of Commerce 
cannot be challenged by a bankruptcy receiver with respect to Article 445 of the Luxembourg Code of 
Commerce and such security interests are enforceable even if they were granted by the company during the 
suspect period or ten days preceding the "suspect period", if (i) the articles of incorporation of the company 
granting the security interests are governed by the Luxembourg Securitisation Law and (ii) the company 
granted the respective security interest no later than the issue date of the securities or at the conclusion of 
the agreements secured by such security interest. In other words, the Security Documents entered into in 
accordance with Article 61(4) second paragraph of the Luxembourg Securitisation Law and hence no later

--- Page 15 ---
- 4 - 
 
 
than the date of the issue of the Notes or the conclusion of the agreements secured by the security could not 
be challenged by a bankruptcy receiver even if granted by the Issuer during the "suspect period" or ten days 
preceding such "suspect period".

--- Page 16 ---
- 5 - 
 
 
II. 
RISKS RELATED TO THE NATURE OF THE NOTES 
Liability and Limited Recourse under the Notes, the Schuldschein Loans and the Subordinated Loan 
All payment obligations of the Issuer acting for and on behalf of its Compartment 7 under the Notes, the 
Schuldschein Loans and the Subordinated Loan constitute limited recourse obligations to pay only the 
respective Available Distribution Amount which includes, inter alia, amounts received by the Issuer from the 
Purchased Receivables and under the other Transaction Documents. The Available Distribution Amount may 
not be sufficient to pay amounts accrued under the Notes, which may result in an Interest Shortfall as defined 
in the Incorporated Terms Memorandum, however, an Interest Shortfall other than non-payment of interest 
on the most senior Class of the Notes will not constitute a Foreclosure Event in accordance with clause 17 
(Foreclosure on the Security; Foreclosure Event; Enforcement Event) of the Trust Agreement. The Notes 
shall not give rise to any payment obligation in addition to the foregoing. The enforcement of the payment 
obligations under the Notes, the Schuldschein Loans and the Subordinated Loan shall only be effected by 
the Security Trustee in accordance with the Trust Agreement. A Foreclosure Event will, following the service 
of an Enforcement Notice by the Security Trustee, result in the enforcement of the collateral held by the 
Security Trustee. If the Security Trustee enforces the claims under the Notes and/or the Schuldschein Loans 
and/or the Subordinated Loan, such enforcement will be limited to those assets which were transferred to the 
Security Trustee and to any other assets of the Issuer. To the extent that such assets, or the proceeds of the 
realisation thereof, prove ultimately insufficient to satisfy the claims of all Noteholders or the Lenders or the 
Subordinated Lender in full, then any shortfall arising shall be extinguished and neither any Noteholder, nor 
the Security Trustee shall have any further claims against the Issuer. Such assets and proceeds shall be 
deemed to be "ultimately insufficient" at such time when no further assets are available and no further 
proceeds can be realised therefrom to satisfy any outstanding claims of the Noteholders, and neither assets 
nor proceeds will be so available thereafter. 
If any of the events which require the Security Trustee to take action should occur, the Security Trustee will 
have legal access to the Security only. The Security Trustee itself is not a guarantor, nor have any guarantees 
been given by other Transaction Parties, with respect to which the Security Trustee could assert claims on 
behalf of the Noteholders and/or the Lenders and/or the Subordinated Lender. 
Subordination of Notes 
Holders of a Series of Class A Notes will rank pari passu with the Lenders of Senior Schuldschein Loans and, 
therefore, bear the risk to incur losses, when the proceeds of the enforcement of the Security should not be 
sufficient to satisfy all claims of the holders of the Class A Notes and the Lenders of the Senior Schuldschein 
Loans. 
Holders of a Series of Class B Notes will bear more credit risk with respect to the Issuer than holders of a 
Series of Class A Notes and will incur losses, if any, prior to holders of a Series of Class A Notes and the 
Lenders of Senior Schuldschein Loans because of the subordination of the Series of Class B Notes in relation 
to the Series of Class A Notes and the Senior Schuldschein Loans. Furthermore, holders of a Series of Class 
B Notes will rank pari passu with the Lenders of Junior Schuldschein Loans and, therefore, bear the risk to 
incur losses, when the proceeds of the enforcement of the Security should not be sufficient to satisfy all claims 
of the holders of the Class B Notes and the Lenders of the Junior Schuldschein Loans. 
No payment of interest will be made on each Series of Class B Notes until all of the Issuer’s expenses 
(including applicable fees for Agents), and all interest on each Series of Class A Notes and each Senior 
Schuldschein Loan are paid in full, and no payment of principal will be made on a Series of Class B Notes 
until the principal amount of each Series of Class A Notes and each Senior Schuldschein Loan is paid in full. 
In particular, following the end of the Revolving Period and prior to the occurrence of a Foreclosure Event 
leading to an Enforcement Event, on each Payment Date the Issuer shall pay from the Available Distribution 
Amount (provided that, prior to the occurrence of a Foreclosure Event leading to an Enforcement Event, the 
payment of interest due and payable on each Series of Class B Notes and the Junior Schuldschein Loans 
has been paid) the Senior Instrument Amortisation Amount, which comprises a payment of principal in respect 
of the Senior Instruments until the Instrument Principal Amount Outstanding of such Senior Instrument equals 
the Senior Instrument Targeted Balance. Payments on each Junior Instrument will be made from any amounts 
remaining from the Available Distribution Amount only after the payment of principal on each Senior

--- Page 17 ---
- 6 - 
 
 
Instrument and until the Instrument Principal Amount Outstanding of each Junior Instrument equals the Junior 
Instrument Targeted Balance.  
A Foreclosure Event leading to an Enforcement Event will occur inter alia if the Issuer defaults in the payment 
of any interest on the most senior Class of Notes when the same becomes due and payable, and such default 
continues for a period of five (5) Business Days. If a Foreclosure Event leading to an Enforcement Event has 
occurred, the Issuer will not pay interest or principal on any Notes other than the Class A Notes until all of the 
Issuer’s expenses and all interest and principal due on the Class A Notes are paid in full.  
Noteholders may have less control over modifications 
In respect of modifications, waivers or consents relating to the provisions of the Transaction Documents, the 
votes of the Noteholders will be treated as a single class together with the votes of the Lenders. It is possible 
that the interests of the Lenders will not be aligned with the interests of a Series or Class of Notes and, whilst 
the Transaction Documents provide that all amendments to the Transaction Documents which are materially 
prejudicial to the interests of Noteholders and Lenders need to be consented to by all Noteholders and 
Lenders, it is possible that, in relation to votes on certain matters, the Security Trustee is not able to given an 
instruction which has been approved by the holders of a Series or Class of Notes because the Lenders do 
not also approve such instruction. The provisions of the Transaction Documents do not include drag-along 
rights or “snooze you lose” provisions which means that instructions may not be given if not approved by all 
Lenders and Noteholders. 
Interest Rate Risk / Risk of Swap Counterparty Insolvency 
Noteholders may be subject to interest rate risk 
Payments in respect of the Purchased Receivables made to the Seller by an Obligor under a Financing 
Contract comprise monthly amounts calculated with respect to a fixed interest rate which may be different to 
Compounded Daily SONIA plus margin, which is the interest rate (being subject to a floor of zero) payable on 
the Class A Notes and the Class B Notes.  
The Issuer will hedge afore-described interest rate risk and will use payments made by the Swap 
Counterparties to make payments on the Notes on each Payment Date, in each case calculated with respect 
to the swap notional amount which is equal to the outstanding Nominal Instrument Amount on the relevant 
Series of Notes, following payment on the immediately preceding Payment Date.  
During those periods in which the floating rates payable by a Swap Counterparty under a Swap Agreement 
are substantially greater than the fixed rates payable by the Issuer under such Swap Agreement, the Issuer 
will be more dependent on receiving payments from such Swap Counterparty in order to make interest 
payments on the relevant Series of Notes. If the Swap Counterparty fails to pay any amounts when due under 
a Swap Agreement, the Collections from Receivables and the General Cash Collateral Amount may be 
insufficient to make the required payments on the respective Series of Notes and the Noteholders may 
experience delays and/or reductions in the interest and principal payments on the respective Series of Notes. 
During periods in which the floating rates payable by a Swap Counterparty under a Swap Agreement 
(including periods in which the floating amount payable by the Swap Counterparty is a negative number as a 
result of the quoted negative floating rate exceeding the spread), are less than the fixed rate payable by the 
Issuer under such Swap Agreement, the Issuer will be obliged to make a payment to such Swap Counterparty. 
The Swap Counterparty's claims for payment (including certain termination payments required to be made by 
the Issuer upon a termination of a Swap Agreement) under such Swap Agreement will be higher in priority 
than all payments on the Instruments. If a payment under a Swap Agreement is due to the Swap Counterparty 
on any Payment Date, the Purchased Receivables and the General Cash Collateral Amount may be 
insufficient to make the required payments on the Notes and the Noteholders may experience delays and/or 
reductions in the interest and principal payments under the Notes. 
Termination of the Swap Agreements 
The Swap Counterparty may become insolvent or may suffer from a rating downgrade, in which case it would 
have to be replaced or, in case of a certain rating downgrade would have to provide collateral. A Swap 
Agreement may also be terminated by either party due to an event of default or a termination event. However, 
there can be no assurance that a guarantor or replacement Swap Counterparty will be found or that the

--- Page 18 ---
- 7 - 
 
 
amount of collateral will be sufficient to meet the Swap Counterparty's obligations. In such events the 
Noteholders may experience delays and/or reductions in the interest and principal payments due in respect 
of such Series of Notes. 
The enforceability of a contractual provision which alters the priorities of payments to subordinate the claim 
of a Swap Counterparty (to the claims of other creditors of its counterparty) upon the occurrence of an 
insolvency of or other default by a Swap Counterparty has been challenged in the English and U.S. courts. 
However this is an aspect of cross border insolvency law which remains untested. Whilst the priority issue is 
considered largely resolved in England and Wales, concerns still remain that the English and U.S. courts will 
diverge in their approach which, in the case of an unfavourable decision in the U.S., may adversely affect the 
Issuer's ability to make payments on the Notes. If a creditor of the Issuer (such as the Swap Counterparty) or 
a related entity becomes subject to insolvency proceedings in any jurisdiction outside England and Wales 
(including, but not limited to, the US), and it is owed a payment by the Issuer, a question arises as to whether 
the insolvent creditor or any insolvency official appointed in respect of that creditor could successfully 
challenge the validity and/or enforceability of subordination provisions included in the Transaction Documents 
(such as a provision of the relevant Order of Priority which refers to the ranking of the Swap Counterparty's 
rights in respect of certain amounts under the Swap Agreements). In particular there is a risk that such 
subordination provisions would not be upheld under US bankruptcy law. Such laws may be relevant in certain 
circumstances with respect to a range of entities which may act as a Swap Counterparty, including US 
established entities and certain non-US established entities with assets or operations in the US (although the 
scope of any such proceedings may be limited if the relevant non-US entity is a bank with a licensed branch 
in a US state). In general, if a subordination provision included in the Transaction Documents was successfully 
challenged under the insolvency laws of any relevant jurisdiction outside England and Wales and any relevant 
foreign judgment or order was recognised by the English courts, such actions may adversely affect the rights 
of the Noteholders, the rating and/or the market value of the Notes and/or the ability of the Issuer to satisfy 
its obligations under the Notes. 
Risks in connection with the application of the German Debenture Act (Gesetz über 
Schuldverschreibungen aus Gesamtemissionen)   
A Noteholder is subject to the risk to be outvoted and to lose rights towards the Issuer against his will in the 
case that the Noteholders agree pursuant to the Notes Conditions to amendments of the Notes Conditions 
by majority vote according to the Gesetz über Schuldverschreibungen aus Gesamtemissionen 
(Schuldverschreibungsgesetz - SchVG) (German Debenture Act). In the case of an appointment of a 
Noteholder's representative for all Noteholders a particular Noteholder may lose, in whole or in part, the 
possibility to enforce and claim his rights against the Issuer regardless of other Noteholders. 
Modification of Notes Conditions 
Notwithstanding the provisions of the German Debenture Act (Gesetz über Schuldverschreibungen aus 
Gesamtemissionen (Schuldverschreibungsgesetz - SchVG)) the Issuer and Noteholders have specified that 
as long as the Notes are outstanding, the Notes Conditions of any Series may only be modified through 
contractual agreement to be concluded between the Issuer and all the Noteholders of each Series with a 
prior notification to the Rating Agencies, to the extent such Series is rated, as provided for in Section 4 of the 
German Debenture Act or by a Noteholder's resolution adopted with unanimous consent of the Noteholders 
of such Series pursuant to Sections 5 to 22 of the aforementioned act. 
The Servicer (on behalf of the Issuer) may in certain circumstances agree to amendments to the Notes 
Conditions and/or the Trust Agreement for the purpose of effecting a Benchmark Rate Modification (a 
"Proposed Amendment"), subject to and in accordance with the detailed provisions of Notes Condition 12 
(Amendments to the Conditions and Benchmark Rate Modification). 
In relation to any such Proposed Amendment, the Issuer is required to give at least 30 calendar days' notice 
of the proposed modification to the Noteholders of each Class of Notes in accordance with Notes Condition 
10 (Notices) and to the Lenders of each Schuldschein Loan in accordance with Loan Condition 9 (Notices). 
However, Noteholders and Lenders should be aware that, in relation to each Proposed Amendment, unless 
Noteholders and Lenders representing at least 10 per cent. of the aggregate Instrument Principal Amount 
Outstanding of the Senior Instruments or the Junior Instruments have contacted the Issuer in writing (or 
otherwise in accordance with the then current practice of any applicable clearing system through which Notes 
may be held) within such notification period notifying the Security Trustee that such Noteholders and Lenders

--- Page 19 ---
- 8 - 
 
 
do not consent to the modification, the modification in respect of such Senior Instrument or Junior Instrument 
will be passed without Noteholder and Lender consent. 
If Noteholders and Lenders  representing at least 10 per cent. of the aggregate Instrument Principal Amount 
Outstanding of the Senior Instruments or Junior Instruments have notified the Issuer in writing (or otherwise 
in accordance with the then current practice of any applicable clearing system through which  Notes may be 
held) within the notification period referred to above that they do not consent to the Proposed Amendment, 
then such Proposed Amendment will not be made in respect of each Series of Notes and each Schuldschein 
Loan unless Noteholders of such Series of Notes or Lenders of such Schuldschein Loan unanimously consent 
in favour of the Proposed Amendment. The Issuer is also required to obtain the consent of any other 
Transaction Creditors (other than the Swap Counterparties) whose consent is required to be obtained in order 
to make the Benchmark Rate Modification in accordance with the provisions of the Incorporated Terms 
Memorandum in so far they are materially and adversely affected by such modifications. 
The Issuer will also be entitled to amend any term or provision of the Notes Conditions with the consent of 
the Security Trustee, but without the consent of any Noteholder, any Swap Counterparty, the Subordinated 
Lender, the Arranger, the Lead Manager or any other Person if it is advised by a third party authorised under 
Article 28 of the UK Securitisation Regulation, as applicable, or a reputable international law firm that such 
amendments are required for the Transaction to comply with the EU Securitisation Regulation or the UK 
Securitisation Regulation, as applicable, or any regulatory and/or implementing technical standards adopted 
under the EU Securitisation Regulation or any directions, secondary legislation, guidance, regulatory 
technical standards, implementing technical standards and related documents published by the FCA and the 
PRA of the United Kingdom under the UK Securitisation Regulation. Any such amendment shall only become 
valid, by giving ten (10) Business Days prior notice to the Noteholders, to the Lenders and the Rating 
Agencies in writing, including by e-mail. Insofar as such amendments relate to the originator or Seller, any 
amendments in order to comply with the EU Securitisation Regulation shall not result in any non-compliance 
with the UK Securitisation Regulation and insofar as such amendments relate to the Issuer, any amendments 
in order to comply with the UK Securitisation Regulation shall not result in any non-compliance with the EU 
Securitisation Regulation. 
There is no guarantee that any changes made to the Transaction Documents and the Notes Conditions 
pursuant to the obligations imposed on the Security Trustee, as described above, would not be prejudicial to 
the Noteholders. 
Weighted average life of Class A Notes and Class B Notes 
The weighted average life of each of the Class A Notes and the Class B Notes is volatile. In the event that 
the Purchased Receivables are prematurely terminated, in arrear, or otherwise settled early, the principal 
repayment of the Class A Notes and the Class B Notes may be earlier or later than expected and, therefore, 
the yield on the Notes may be adversely affected by a higher or lower than anticipated rate of prepayment of 
the Purchased Receivables. The rate of prepayment of the Purchased Receivables cannot be predicted and 
is influenced by a wide variety of economic and other factors, including prevailing interest rates, the buoyancy 
of the auto finance market, the availability of alternative financing and local and regional economic conditions. 
Therefore, no assurance can be given as to the level of prepayment that the Purchased Receivables will 
experience. Based on assumed rates of prepayment the approximate average lives and principal payment 
windows of each Class of Notes are set out in the section entitled "WEIGHTED AVERAGE LIFE OF THE 
NOTES". 
However, the actual characteristics and performance of the Purchased Receivables will differ from such 
assumptions and any difference will affect the percentages of the initial amount outstanding of the Notes 
which are outstanding over time and the weighted average lives of the Notes. See the sections "WEIGHTED 
AVERAGE LIFE OF THE NOTES" and "THE PURCHASED RECEIVABLES POOL". 
Ratings of each Class of Notes 
The Issuer has not requested a rating of any Class of Notes by any rating agency other than the Rating 
Agencies. However, rating organisations other than the Rating Agencies may seek to rate any Class of Notes 
and, if such "shadow ratings" or "unsolicited ratings" are lower than the comparable ratings assigned to such 
Class of Notes by the Rating Agencies, such shadow or unsolicited ratings could have an adverse effect on

--- Page 20 ---
- 9 - 
 
 
the value of any Class of Notes. Future events, including events affecting the Account Bank, the Seller and 
the Servicer (if different) could also have an adverse effect on the rating of any Class of Notes. 
A security rating is not a recommendation to buy, sell or hold securities and may be subject to revision or 
withdrawal at any time by the rating organisation. The ratings assigned to any Class of Notes should be 
evaluated independently from similar ratings on other types of securities. There is no assurance that the 
ratings will continue for any period of time or that they will not be lowered, reviewed, suspended or withdrawn 
by the Rating Agencies. In the event that the ratings initially assigned to any Class of Notes by the Rating 
Agencies are subsequently withdrawn or lowered for any reason, no person or entity is obliged to provide 
any additional support or credit enhancement to the Notes.

--- Page 21 ---
- 10 - 
 
 
III. 
RISKS RELATED TO THE PURCHASED RECEIVABLES 
Credit Risk of the Parties 
The ability of the Issuer to make any principal and interest payments in respect of the Instruments depends 
to a large extent upon the ability of the parties to the Transaction Documents to perform their contractual 
obligations. In particular, and without limiting the generality of the foregoing, the timely payment of amounts 
due in respect of the Instruments depends on the ability of the Servicer to collect the Purchased Receivables 
and on the maintenance of the level of interest rate protection offered by the Swap Agreements.  
Risk of Late Payment of Monthly Instalments 
In the event of late payment (which could be caused by the Obligor's financial or personal reasons, including 
loss or reduction of earnings, illness (including any illness arising in connection with an epidemic or a 
pandemic), divorce and other similar factors, which may, individually or in combination lead to in change in 
the economic situation of such Obligor) made in relation to Purchased Receivables becoming due in the 
respective Monthly Period, the risk of late payment under the Notes is in part mitigated for the Noteholders 
by payments from the General Cash Collateral Amount to the extent that funds are available therein. The 
Obligors’ failure to make timely payments in relation to Purchased Receivables may adversely affect the 
Issuer's ability to make payments on the Notes. See also "RISK FACTOR – Risks related to the Purchased 
Receivables –  Future developments in the Corona Pandemic may have a material negative impact on 
the performance of the Issuer under the Notes". 
Future developments in the Corona Pandemic may have a material negative impact on the 
performance of the Issuer under the Notes 
In December 2019, a novel strain of coronavirus which causes a respiratory disease in humans ("COVID-19") 
was reported in Wuhan, China. The World Health Organization declared COVID-19 to constitute a global 
pandemic (the "Corona Pandemic"). Governments worldwide had implemented measures to contain the 
spread of the virus including domestic and international travel bans, quarantines and restrictions on public 
gatherings and commercial activity.  
Risk of late payment or non-payment of monthly instalments and Residual Values 
UK Government initiatives 
In response to the Corona Pandemic a number of governments had taken steps to mandate or encourage 
payment holidays or provide other relief for consumers in direct or indirect financial difficulty as a result of the 
effects of the Corona Pandemic.  
In the UK, the FCA published a package of measures to support motor finance consumers through the Corona 
Pandemic (as amended from time to time, the "FCA Guidance"). These included, without limitation, payment 
deferrals for certain customers and restriction on repossessions of motor vehicles. Although the majority of 
this guidance has now expired, the Tailored Support Guidance ("TSG") still remains in place. The TSG 
supplements the FCA's temporary guidance, and whilst the TSG was originally issued in the context of the 
Corona Pandemic, the FCA clarified that the TSG remains also relevant in the case of borrowers in financial 
difficulty due to other circumstances, such as the rising cost of living (see the FCA's June 2022 "Dear CEO" 
letter). There are proposals to incorporate aspects of the TSG into the FCA Handbook, and to introduce 
targeted additional changes to support consumers in financial difficulty (see the "Vulnerable Customers and 
Borrowers in Financial Difficulty" section below).  
Financing Contracts 
The Issuer does not have any rights in, over or to the vehicles that are financed by the Financing Contracts - 
it only has rights in connection with the sale proceeds of those vehicles. Accordingly, in the event of any 
insolvency of VWFS, the Issuer is reliant on any administrator or liquidator of VWFS taking appropriate steps 
to sell such vehicles. Because the sale proceeds have been transferred to the Issuer, this will be of no value 
to VWFS' creditors as a whole and therefore an administrator or liquidator will not have any financial incentive 
to take such steps. This risk is mitigated by the inclusion of a provision in the Servicing Agreement providing 
that the Issuer (or the Servicer on behalf of the Issuer) will pay, in accordance with the Order of Priority, any 
administrator or liquidator's costs and expenses in selling such vehicles and an Administrator Recovery

--- Page 22 ---
- 11 - 
 
 
Incentive fee; however there can be no certainty that any administrator or liquidator would take such actions 
and no contractual obligations on VWFS to do so that would be enforceable against VWFS or an administrator 
or liquidator thereof after the commencement of the administration or liquidation of VWFS. 
Furthermore, following an Insolvency Event which occurs in respect of VWFS it will no longer be required to 
repurchase Redelivery Purchased Receivables pursuant to the Redelivery Repurchase Agreement. The 
realisation proceeds relating to Vehicles which are the subject of Redelivery Financing Contracts may be 
lower than the Redelivery Repurchase Price paid by VWFS under the Redelivery Repurchase Agreement. 
Right to Vehicles and reliance on residual value 
Under Financing Contracts which are PCP Agreements, at the end of the term of the PCP Agreement, an 
Obligor may either settle the contract by paying the balloon payment (and thereby purchase the Vehicle) or, 
subject to the Vehicle being in a condition acceptable to VWFS and within the agreed mileage, return the 
Vehicle to VWFS in full and final settlement of the PCP Agreement. Where the Obligor chooses not to return 
the Vehicle, title in the Vehicle passes to the Obligor when the Obligor pays the additional "option to purchase" 
fee to VWFS (which does not form part of the Receivables). Where the Obligor chooses to return the Vehicle, 
VWFS then acts as the Obligor's agent in selling the Vehicle and the sale proceeds of the Vehicle are applied 
to settle the Final Rental Amount. The Issuer will be exposed to the risk that due to economic, market and 
social factors in the used vehicle market, including industry specific effects such as the potential impact of an 
increasingly negative sentiment around diesel vehicles, the residual value of the Vehicle may be less than 
anticipated at the outset of the Financing Contract and thus less than the Final Rental Amount. In such cases, 
the Issuer's ability to make payments on the Notes may be affected.  
Market Value of Purchased Receivables 
There is no assurance that the market value of the Purchased Receivables will at any time be equal or greater 
than the Nominal Instrument Amount outstanding for any Class of Notes and Series of Notes. 
Commingling Risk 
VWFS, as the Servicer, is entitled to commingle funds representing Collections with its own funds during 
each Monthly Period in accordance with the following procedure: 
(a) 
if and so long as the Monthly Remittance Condition is satisfied, VWFS will be entitled to commingle 
funds representing Collections with its own funds during each Monthly Period and will be required to 
make a single deposit of such monthly Collections to the Distribution Account on each Payment Date; 
and 
(b) 
if and so long as the Monthly Remittance Condition is not satisfied, VWFS will be entitled to 
commingle funds representing Collections with its own funds during each Monthly Period only in 
accordance with the procedure outlined in detail in "ADMINISTRATION OF THE PURCHASED 
RECEIVABLES UNDER THE SERVICING AGREEMENT - Commingling". 
Commingled funds may be used or invested by VWFS at its own risk and for its own benefit until the next 
relevant Payment Date. If VWFS were unable to remit those funds or were to become insolvent, losses or 
delays in distributions to Noteholders may occur.  
Risk of Change of Servicer 
In the event VWFS is replaced as Servicer, there may be losses or delays in processing payments or losses 
on the Purchased Receivables due to a disruption in servicing during a transfer to a successor Servicer, or 
because the successor Servicer is not as experienced as VWFS. This may cause delays in payments or 
losses under the Notes. There is no guarantee that a successor Servicer will provide the servicing at the 
same level as VWFS. The Servicer will, however, not be released from its obligations under the Servicing 
Agreement until a successor Servicer has entered into a new servicing agreement with the Issuer. 
Risk of Non-Existence of Receivables 
If any of the Receivables have not come into existence at the time of their transfer to the Issuer under the 
relevant Receivables Purchase Agreement or belong to another Person other than the Seller, such transfer 
would not result in the Issuer acquiring title to such Receivable. The Issuer would not receive adequate value

--- Page 23 ---
- 12 - 
 
 
in return for its purchase price payment.  This risk, however, will be mitigated by contractual representations 
and warranties and the contractual obligation that (i) if such Receivable had not come into existence, VWFS 
shall pay to the Issuer an amount equal to the amount paid by the Issuer for such non-existent Receivable on 
the relevant Purchase Date or (ii) if such Receivable belongs to another person, VWFS shall pay to the Issuer 
an amount equal to the Settlement Amount for such non-existing Receivable on the Repurchase Date. Such 
Settlement Amount will be equal to the present value of the Purchased Receivable on the last calendar day 
of the month prior to the Repurchase Date in which the buying back shall become effective using, as 
applicable, the Discount Rate. 
Equitable Assignment 
Assignment by VWFS to the Issuer of the benefit of the Receivables derived from Financing Contracts 
governed by the laws of England and Wales will take effect in equity only because no notice of the assignment 
will be given to Obligors. 
The giving of notice to the Obligor of the assignment (whether directly or indirectly) to the Issuer would have 
the following consequences: 
(a) 
notice to the Obligor would "perfect" the assignment so that the Issuer would take priority over any 
interest of a later encumbrance or assignee of VWFS' rights who has no notice of the assignment to 
the Issuer; 
(b) 
notice to an Obligor would mean that the Obligor should no longer make payment to VWFS as 
creditor under the Financing Contract but should make payment instead to the Issuer. If the Obligor 
were to ignore a notice of assignment and pay VWFS for its own account, the Obligor might still be 
liable to the Issuer for the amount of such payment. However, for so long VWFS remains the Servicer 
under the Servicing Agreement, VWFS also is the agent of the Issuer for the purposes of the 
collection of the Receivables and will, accordingly, be accountable to the Issuer for any amount paid 
to VWFS in respect of the Receivables; 
(c) 
notice to the Obligor would prevent VWFS and the Obligor amending the relevant Financing Contract 
without the involvement of the Issuer. However, VWFS will undertake for the benefit of the Issuer 
that VWFS will not waive any breach under, or amend the terms of, any of the Financing Contracts, 
other than in accordance with VWFS' Customary Operating Practices; and 
(d) 
lack of notice to the Obligor means that the Issuer will have to join VWFS as a party to any legal 
action which the Issuer may want to take against any Obligor. VWFS as Seller will, however, 
undertake for the benefit of the Issuer that VWFS will lend its name to, and take such other steps as 
may be required by the Issuer or the Security Trustee in relation to any action in respect of the 
Purchased Receivables and VWFS grants the Issuer a power of attorney in this regard. 
Until notice is given to the Obligor, equitable set-off rights (such as for misrepresentation or breach of contract 
as referred to in "Liability For Misrepresentations And Breach Of Contract" below) may accrue in favour of an 
Obligor in respect of his obligation to make payments under the relevant Financing Contract. Exercise of such 
rights by the Obligor may, therefore, result in the Issuer receiving less money than anticipated from the 
Receivables, which may in turn lead to reduced amounts being available to pay the Noteholders. The 
assignment of any Receivables to the Issuer will be subject both to any prior equities which have arisen in 
favour of the Obligor and to any equities which may arise in the Obligor's favour after the assignment until 
such time (if ever) as he receives actual notice of the assignment. 
Notification Events have been put in place in the transaction to mitigate the risk deriving from the equitable 
assignment but there can be no certainty as to the timing and effectiveness of such Notification Events. 
Changes to the UK regulatory structure 
The FCA is responsible for the consumer credit regime in the UK. The FCA regulates firms in the sector both 
prudentially and through extensive conduct of business requirements ensuring that business across the 
sector is conducted in a way which advances the interests of all users and participants. HM Treasury 
oversees the regime and is responsible for the legislative framework. In June 2022 HM Treasury announced 
its intention to reform consumer credit regime. It plans to modernise the regime to cut costs for businesses 
and simplify rules for consumers. In a consultation response published in July 2023, HM Treasury confirmed

--- Page 24 ---
- 13 - 
 
 
that the reform will aim to be proportionate, aligned with current and future regulatory frameworks, forward-
looking, deliverable and simplified, and that HM Treasury will consult further on the detail of the reforms in 
2024. The timetable for reform is likely to be two to three years. 
The FCA has been the regulator since April 2014 and it is still evolving its practices in connection with the 
consumer credit regime. In light of this it is possible that it will take further action to impose stricter rules on 
current practices of regulated firms. It is possible that through the actions it takes as regulator it will have an 
effect on the Financing Contracts, the Seller, and the Issuer and their respective businesses and operations, 
which may, in turn, affect the Issuer's ability to make payments in full on the Notes when due. 
Regulatory framework 
The regulatory framework for consumer credit in the UK consists of the Financial Services and Markets Act 
2000 ("FSMA") and its secondary legislation, including the Financial Services and Markets Act (Regulated 
Activities) Order 2001 (the "RAO"), retained provisions in the Consumer Credit Act 1974, as amended by the 
Consumer Credit Act 2006, and its retained associated secondary legislation (the "CCA"), and rules and 
guidance in the FCA Handbook, including the Consumer Credit Sourcebook ("CONC"). Article 60B of the 
RAO defines a regulated credit agreement as an agreement between an individual ("A") and any other person 
("B") under which B provides A with credit of any amount and which is not an exempt agreement under 
articles 60C to 60HA of the RAO. Article 60C of the RAO contains an exemption for consumer credit contracts 
exceeding the value of £25,000, which are entered into wholly or predominantly for the debtor's business 
purposes. 
The application of the CCA to the Financing Contracts which are regulated by the CCA (the "Regulated 
Financing Contracts") will have several consequences including the following: 
(a) 
Voluntary Terminations 
At any time before the last payment falls due in respect of the relevant Regulated Financing 
Contract, the Obligor may, pursuant to sections 99 and 100 of the CCA, terminate the 
relevant Regulated Financing Contract. Obligors do not have to state a reason for exercising 
their rights under this section. Generally Obligors may take advantage of the right of 
voluntary termination when they are in financial difficulty, or when the residual value of the 
Vehicle on part-exchange is less than the amount that would be payable on Early 
Settlement. In order to terminate the Regulated Financing Contract, the Obligor is required 
to notify VWFS. On and upon notification the Obligor must return the vehicle, at its own 
expense, to an address as reasonably required by VWFS, together with everything supplied 
with the vehicle. 
In such a case VWFS is entitled to: 
(i) 
all arrears of payments due and damages incurred for any other breach of the 
Regulated Financing Contract by the Obligor prior to such termination; 
(ii) 
the amount (if any) by which one half of the total amount which would have been 
payable under the Regulated Financing Contract if it had run its course exceeds the 
aggregate of sums already paid by the Obligor and amounts due from the Obligor 
under the Regulated Financing Contract immediately before exercise by the Obligor 
of its statutory right of termination; 
(iii) 
possession of the relevant vehicle subject to the Regulated Financing Contract 
being terminated; and 
(iv) 
any other sums due but unpaid by the Obligor under the Regulated Financing 
Contract.  
Following the Voluntary Termination of a Financing Contract, VWFS will take possession of 
the relevant vehicle and will sell such Vehicle in accordance with its Customary Operating 
Practices. VWFS will apply (a) any amounts received per paragraphs (i) and (ii) above and 
(b) any proceeds from the sale of the vehicle to reduce the receivables balance of the 
Financing Contract that remains outstanding following the Voluntary Termination. Following

--- Page 25 ---
- 14 - 
 
 
such application, any remaining amounts of receivables balance on the Financing Contract 
that has been the subject of the Voluntary Termination will be written-off and reduced to 
zero. 
Following the end of the Revolving Period, if an Obligor exercises its rights to terminate a 
Financing Contract pursuant to sections 99 and 100 of the CCA, it is possible that the Notes 
may be redeemed earlier than anticipated. 
Furthermore if an Obligor terminates a Financing Contract pursuant to sections 99 and 100 
of the CCA, it is possible that the Issuer will not receive the full amount of the principal 
amount outstanding on the relevant Purchased Receivable and an amount of principal will 
accordingly be written-off. This in turn could trigger losses in respect of the Notes. 
(b) 
Early Settlement of Regulated Financing Contracts 
The Obligor has a statutory right to discharge his payment liability, and obtain title to the 
Vehicle, under the Regulated Financing Contract in advance of its scheduled final repayment 
date by paying VWFS all unpaid scheduled payments through to the scheduled final 
repayment date together with all other amounts due and payable under the relevant 
Regulated Financing Contract less a rebate calculated pursuant to the provisions of the 
Consumer Credit (Early Settlement) Regulations 2004 (the "Early Settlement 
Regulations") (see sub-paragraph (d) below). 
In addition, from 1 February 2011 the Obligors under a Regulated Financing Contract 
entered into after 11 June 2010 have a right to make partial early repayments of the 
Regulated Financing Contract. One or more partial early repayment(s) may be made at any 
time during the life of the relevant Regulated Financing Contract, subject to the Obligor 
taking certain steps as outlined in Section 94 of the CCA. The provisions on partial early 
settlement are largely the same as those for full early settlement and the framework operates 
in much the same way. 
(c) 
Termination of Regulated Financing Contracts 
VWFS has the right to terminate the Regulated Financing Contract in the event of an 
unremedied material breach of agreement by the Obligor. In such case VWFS is entitled to 
repossess the vehicle (however, where the Obligor has paid at least one-third of the total 
amount payable, the vehicle becomes "protected" under the CCA with the consequences 
described in "Protected Goods" below) and recover either: 
(i) 
 
(1) 
all arrears of payments due and damages incurred for any breach of the 
Regulated Financing Contract by the Obligor prior to such termination; 
(2) 
all VWFS' expenses of recovering or trying to recover the Vehicle, storing 
it and tracing the Obligor and any shortfall relating to the sale or other 
disposal of vehicle (including all expenses of sale); and 
(3) 
any other sums due but unpaid by the Obligor under the Regulated 
Financing Contract less a rebate calculated pursuant to the provisions of 
the Early Settlement Regulations (see below). 
(ii) 
or such lesser amount as a court considers will compensate VWFS for its loss. 
Court decisions have conflicted on whether the amount payable by the obligors on 
termination by the lender (for example, for repudiatory breach by the Obligor) is restricted to 
the amount calculated by the one-half formula for termination by the Obligor. The Financing 
Contracts provide that the amount payable by the Obligor on termination by VWFS is the 
outstanding balance of the total amount payable under the Financing Contract less any 
statutory rebate for early settlement and less any proceeds of sale or estimated value of the

--- Page 26 ---
- 15 - 
 
 
vehicle so the Financing Contracts reflect those court decisions favourable to VWFS on this 
point. 
(d) 
Rebate on Early Settlement or on Termination of a Regulated Financing Contract by VWFS 
In the case of Regulated Financing Contracts, a rebate of credit charges may be due on 
early settlement. The amount of the rebate is calculated in accordance with the Early 
Settlement Regulations. The rebate is available only in the circumstances specified in the 
Early Settlement Regulations. No such rebate is required where the Obligor exercises his 
right to terminate a Regulated Financing Contract as described in (a) above, as the Obligor 
may terminate the relevant Regulated Financing Contract, without discharging in full the total 
amount payable under the Regulated Financing Contract. 
(e) 
Time Orders 
If, with regards to a Regulated Financing Contract, certain default or enforcement 
proceedings are taken or notice of early termination is served on an Obligor, the Obligor can 
apply to the court for a time order to change the timing of payments under his Regulated 
Financing Contract or to repay the outstanding sum by lower instalments than provided for 
in his Regulated Financing Contract. Under the provisions of the CCA the court has a wide 
discretion to make an order incorporating such amendments to the relevant Regulated 
Financing Contract as it considers fit, in order to achieve the objectives of the time order. 
(f) 
Bona fide purchaser   
A disposition of the vehicle by the Obligor to a bona fide private purchaser without notice of 
the Financing Contract will transfer to the purchaser VWFS' title to the vehicle.  
(g) 
Interpretation of technical rules 
VWFS has interpreted certain technical rules under the CCA in a way common with many 
other lenders in the vehicle finance market. If such interpretation were held to be incorrect 
by a court or other dispute resolution authority, then the Financing Contract would be 
unenforceable without a court order. If such interpretation were challenged by a significant 
number of Obligors, then this could lead to significant disruption and shortfall in the income 
of the Issuer. Court decisions have been made on technical rules under the CCA against 
certain lenders, but such decisions are very few and are generally county court decisions 
which are not binding on other courts. Where agreements are unenforceable without a court 
order due to minor documentary defects, lenders have historically pursued such debts as 
though they are simply enforceable, until such time as those defects were raised by the 
borrower and/or the court in any claim. To mitigate the risks associated with this approach, 
lenders currently rely on the decision in McGuffick v Royal Bank of Scotland [2010] 1 All ER 
634, in which the High Court ruled that, in relation to agreements which were unenforceable 
by reason of failures to provide copies under sections 77 and 78 of the CCA, steps which 
fell short of obtaining a court judgment against the borrower were not "enforcement" within 
the meaning of the CCA.   
(h) 
Enforcement of improperly executed or modified Regulated Financing Contracts 
If a Regulated Financing Contract has been "improperly executed" (as such term is used in 
the CCA) or improperly modified in accordance with the provisions of the CCA, it may be 
unenforceable unless a court order has been obtained. A Regulated Financing Contract may 
be completely unenforceable in circumstances where (i) there is no Regulated Financing 
Contract signed by the Obligor; and/or (ii) the form and content of certain prescribed pre-
contract information and the agreement do not conform to the relevant detailed provisions 
of the CCA. 
(i) 
"Unfair relationship" 
The court has power under section 140A of the CCA to determine that the relationship 
between a lender and a customer arising out of the credit agreement (whether alone or with

--- Page 27 ---
- 16 - 
 
 
any related agreement) is unfair to the consumer. In applying the new unfair relationship 
test, the courts are able to consider a wider range of circumstances surrounding the 
transaction, including the lender's conduct before and after making the agreement. There is 
no statutory definition of "unfair" as the intention is for the test to be flexible and subject to 
judicial discretion. The Supreme Court has given general guidance in respect of unfair 
relationships in Plevin v Paragon Personal Finance Ltd [2014] 1 WLR 4222. Whilst the court 
acknowledged that it is not possible to state a precise or universal test for an unfair 
relationship, which must depend on the court’s judgment of all the relevant facts, the court 
did give guidance on the nature of the test which should be applied.  The Supreme Court 
acknowledged that what must be unfair is the relationship between the debtor and the 
creditor. Although the court is concerned with hardship to the debtor, there may be features 
which operate harshly against the debtor but it does not necessarily follow that the 
relationship is unfair because the features in question may be required in order to protect a 
legitimate interest of the creditor. The FCA principles are also relevant and apply to the way 
contract terms are used in practice and not just the way they are drafted. Once an Obligor 
alleges that an unfair relationship exists, the burden of proof is on the lender to prove the 
contrary.  
(j) 
Financial Ombudsman Service 
The Financial Ombudsman Service is an out-of-court dispute resolution scheme with 
jurisdiction to determine complaints against authorised persons under the FSMA relating to 
conduct in the course of specified regulated activities including in relation to consumer credit. 
Under FSMA, the Financial Ombudsman Service is required to make decisions on, among 
others, complaints relating to the terms in agreements on the basis of what, in the 
Ombudsman's opinion, would be fair and reasonable in all the circumstances of the case, 
taking into account, among others, law and guidance. Complaints brought before the 
Financial Ombudsman Service for consideration must be decided on a case-by-case basis, 
with reference to the particular facts of any individual case. Each case would first be 
adjudicated by an adjudicator. Either party to the case may appeal against the adjudication. 
In the event of an appeal, the case proceeds to a final decision by the Ombudsman. The 
Financial Ombudsman Service may order a money award to an Obligor, which may 
adversely affect the value at which the Financing Contracts in the Receivables could be 
realised and accordingly the ability of the Issuer to meet its obligations under the Notes. 
From 1 April 2023, the compensation limit for complaints referred to the Financial 
Ombudsman Service on or after 1 April 2023 is £415,000 where the complaint relates to an 
act or omission arising on or after 1 April 2019 and £190,000 for complaints relating to acts 
or omissions arising before that date. The jurisdiction of the Financial Ombudsman Service 
has applied since 6 April 2007. 
(k) 
Private rights of action under the FSMA 
An Obligor who is a private person may be entitled to claim damages for loss suffered as a 
result of any contravention by an FCA authorised person of a rule under the FSMA. From 1 
April 2014, such rules include rules in the FCA Consumer Credit Sourcebook (CONC), which 
transposes certain requirements previously made under the CCA and in OFT guidance. The 
Obligor may set off the amount of the claim for contravention of CONC against the amount 
owing under the Regulated Financing Contract or any other credit agreement he has taken 
with the authorised person (or exercise analogous rights in Scotland). Any such set-off may 
adversely affect the Issuer's ability to make payments in full when due on the Notes. 
(l) 
Enforcement action by the FCA 
The FCA has a broad range of enforcement powers under the FSMA which it can take 
against authorised firms where the firm breaches a requirement of the FSMA.  These powers 
include the ability to order restitution and implement consumer redress schemes under 
Section 404 of FSMA. In addition where a lender or broker does not have the relevant 
permission an agreement will be unenforceable against the customer without an order of the 
FCA.

--- Page 28 ---
- 17 - 
 
 
(m) 
Servicing Requirements 
VWFS has to comply with certain post contract information requirements under the CCA. 
Failure to comply with these requirements can have a significant impact. For example: (a) 
the credit agreement is unenforceable against the customer for any period when the lender 
fails to comply with requirements as to periodic statements, arrears notices or default notices 
(although any such unenforceability may be cured prospectively by the lender complying 
with requirements as to periodic statements, arrears notices and default notices); (b) the 
customer is not liable to pay interest or default fees for any period when the lender fails to 
comply with requirements as to periodic statements or arrears notices; and (c) interest on 
default fees is restricted to nil until the 29th day after the day on which a notice of default fees 
is given and then to simple interest (i.e. interest may only be calculated on the principal 
amount of the default fee). 
Liability for misrepresentations and breach of contract 
(a) 
Regulated Financing Contracts 
Under section 75 of the CCA, an Obligor may make a claim against VWFS as well as a supplier in 
respect of any misrepresentations made by the supplier in a transaction between the supplier and 
the Obligor during negotiations between them before execution of the relevant Regulated Financing 
Contract or for a breach of contract. This liability arises in relation to, for example, insurance products 
where the creditor can be liable to the Obligor for misrepresentation or breach of contract by an 
insurer (or a dealer on its behalf) in relation to an insurance contract between the insurer and the 
Obligor and financed by a Regulated Finance Contract.  
In all the above circumstances, VWFS normally has a right to be reimbursed by the supplier for any 
amount paid to the Obligor in respect of the Obligor's claim and any costs (including legal costs) 
incurred in defending the claim. 
Equitable (or equivalent or analogous) set-off rights (such as for misrepresentation or breach of 
contract) may accrue in favour of an Obligor in respect of its obligation to make payments under the 
relevant Financing Contract. Exercise of such rights by the Obligors may, therefore, result in the 
Issuer receiving less money than anticipated from the Receivables, which may in turn lead to reduced 
amounts being available to pay the Noteholders.  
In addition under section 56 of the CCA where a credit broker, such as a dealer, carries out 
antecedent negotiations with an Obligor those negotiations will be deemed to be carried out in the 
capacity of agent of the creditor as well as in his actual capacity.  As a result VWFS will be potentially 
liable in respect of any misrepresentations made by any credit broker involved in introducing an 
Obligor to VWFS. This liability arises in relation to the Vehicle, and applies for example, to the dealer's 
promise to the Obligor on the quality or fitness of the Vehicle, and can extend, for example, to the 
dealer's promise to apply a part-exchange allowance to discharge an existing credit agreement. If 
any such pre-contractual statement is a misrepresentation or implied condition in the regulated 
consumer credit contract, then the Obligor is entitled to, amongst other things, rescind the contract 
and return the goods, and to treat the contract as repudiated by VWFS and accept such repudiation 
by notice, and is not liable to make any further payments, and may claim repayment of the amounts 
paid by the Obligor under the contract and damages such as the cost of hiring an alternative vehicle. 
The Obligor may set-off the amount of any such money claim against the amount owing by the 
Obligor under the credit agreement or any other credit agreement he has taken with VWFS (or 
exercise analogous rights in Scotland). 
(b) 
All Financing Contracts including Regulated Financing Contracts 
Under the Supply of Goods (Implied Terms) Act 1973 an Obligor may also make a claim for breach 
of contract against VWFS or, potentially, terminate the Financing Contract for repudiatory breach if 
the vehicle the subject of the Financing Contract is not of satisfactory quality (which includes an 
assessment of whether it is fit for its intended purpose) or as described. Under the terms of each 
Financing Contract, there is one clause which purports to restrict VWFS' liability for any loss, injury 
or damage (other than death or personal injury) caused by VWFS' negligence or breach of contract. 
This clause is expressly stated to be subject to the relevant implied terms of the Supply of Goods

--- Page 29 ---
- 18 - 
 
 
(Implied Terms) Act 1973 in relation to title, conformity of the vehicles in question as to description, 
sample, quality and fitness for a particular purpose. 
For Financing Contracts entered into on or after 1 October 2015 by Obligors (acting wholly or mainly 
outside that Obligor's trade, business, craft or profession) equivalent protections are contained in the 
Consumer Rights Act 2015 (the "CRA15"). Where the Obligor makes the contract other than in the 
course of a business this exclusion does not affect the Obligor's statutory rights, either under the 
Supply of Goods (Implied Terms) Act 1973 or the CRA15, that the goods be of satisfactory quality fit 
for their intended purpose and as described. Where the Obligor makes the contract in the course of 
a business the exclusion of liability will only be binding if it meets a statutory test of reasonableness. 
In the above circumstances, VWFS will normally have a right to claim against the dealer or supplier 
for any amount paid to the Obligor in respect of the Obligor's claim and any costs (including legal 
costs) incurred in defending the claim. If any such case arises and the Obligor's claim is successful, 
VWFS would also ordinarily seek to sell the Vehicle back to the dealer.  
Protected Goods 
If, under a Regulated Financing Contract, the Obligor has paid VWFS one-third or more of the total amount 
payable under the relevant Regulated Financing Contract, the vehicle becomes "protected" pursuant to 
section 90 of the CCA and VWFS is not entitled to repossess it, unless VWFS first obtains an order from the 
court to this effect. If, however, the Obligor terminates the Regulated Financing Contract, the vehicle ceases 
to be "protected" and VWFS may effect repossession unless the court grants the Obligor a "time order" 
rescheduling the Obligor's outstanding liabilities under the Regulated Financing Contract, or otherwise 
exercises any other discretion which it may have under the CCA. In the event any of the vehicles owned by 
Obligors are protected, this could potentially cause delays in recovering amounts due from the Obligors and 
consequently may reduce amounts available to Noteholders. 
Other Risks Resulting from Consumer Legislation 
(a) 
Consumer Rights Act 2015 ("CRA15") 
For transactions entered into on and after 1 October 2015, the CRA15 applies to all Financing 
Contracts involving consumers.A term shall be regarded as unfair if, contrary to the requirement of 
good faith, it causes a significant imbalance in the parties' rights and obligations arising under the 
contract to the detriment of the consumer. It should be noted that there is no strict definition as to 
what will constitute an "unfair" term, although Schedule 2 of the CRA15 provides a (non-exhaustive) 
list of terms that may potentially be deemed to be unfair. The assessment of unfairness will take into 
account all the circumstances attending the conclusion of the contract. In addition there is a 
requirement for terms to the transparent and prominent. 
Ultimately, only a court can decide whether a term is fair; however, it will take into account any 
relevant guidance published by the Competition and Markets Authority or the FCA.  
The CRA15 also extends protection to announcements or other communications, whether or not in 
writing, that may be seen by the consumer that are related to the Financing Agreement. The CRA15 
makes both consumer contracts and consumer notices unenforceable if they fail the fairness test; 
introduces a more stringent test for fairness by making main subject matter of the contract or terms 
which set the price subject to the fairness test if they are not both transparent and prominent; and 
introduces new terms into the list of potentially unfair clauses in consumer contracts. 
No assurance can be given that the implementation of the CRA15 or changes to FCA guidance will 
not have an adverse effect on the Receivables, VWFS, the Servicer, the Issuer and their respective 
businesses and operations. The broad and general wording of the CRA15 makes any assessment 
of the fairness of terms largely subjective and makes it difficult to predict whether or not a court would 
find a term to be unfair. It is therefore possible that any agreements made with consumers may 
contain unfair terms, which may result in the possible unenforceability of those unfair terms. This may 
adversely affect the ability of the Issuer to dispose of Receivables, or any part thereof, in a timely 
manner and/or the realisable value of the Receivables, or any part thereof, and accordingly affect the 
ability of the Issuer to meet its obligations under the Notes when due.

--- Page 30 ---
- 19 - 
 
 
No assurance is given that future changes to the CRA15, the manner in which the CRA15 is applied, 
interpreted or enforced, or changes to guidance relating to the CRA15 will not have an adverse effect 
on the Receivables, VWFS, the Servicer, the Issuer and their respective businesses and operations. 
This may adversely affect the ability of the Issuer to dispose of Receivables, or any part thereof, in a 
timely manner and/or the realisable value of the Receivables, or any part thereof, and accordingly 
affect the ability of the Issuer to meet its obligations under the Notes when due. 
(b) 
Unfair Commercial Practices Directive 2005 
On 11 May 2005, the European Parliament and the Council adopted the Unfair Commercial Practices 
Directive (SI 2005/29/EC) (the "UCPD"). The UCPD is a maximum harmonisation Directive, which 
means that (except for financial services and immoveable property) Member States may not impose 
more stringent provisions than those provided for by the UCPD. 
The UCPD seeks to harmonise unfair trading laws in all Member States by: (i) introducing a general 
prohibition on traders not to treat consumers unfairly; (ii) obliging businesses not to mislead 
consumers through acts or omissions or through subjecting them to aggressive commercial practices 
such as high pressure selling techniques; and (iii) introducing a prohibition of specified practices that 
will be deemed unfair in all circumstances. The UCPD has a wide scope in that it prohibits unfair 
business-to-consumer practices in all sectors, however, it only focuses on the protection of economic 
interests. Other interests such as health, safety, taste or decency are outside its scope. 
The UCPD is intended to protect only the collective interests of consumers; it does not seek to provide 
individual consumers with a private right of action. 
The Consumer Protection from Unfair Trading Regulations 2008 (SI 2008/1277) (the "Consumer 
Protection Regulations"), which implement the UCPD, came into force on 26 May 2008. 
The Consumer Protection Regulations are comprised of three key restrictions: 
(i) 
Regulation 3 sets out a general prohibition of unfair commercial practices, so as to catch all 
practices which do not fall into the specific prohibitions of misleading and aggressive 
practices or the specifically banned practices. In accordance with Regulation 3, a 
commercial practice is "unfair" if: 
(1) 
the practice contravenes the requirements of "professional diligence" (which is the 
special skill and care a trader may be reasonably expected to exercise commensurate 
with honest market practice or the general principle of good faith in its field of activity); 
and 
(2) 
the practice materially distorts or is likely to materially distort the economic behaviour 
of the average consumer with regard to the product in question. 
(ii) 
Regulations 5 to 7 set out specific prohibitions in respect of misleading actions or omissions, 
and aggressive practices, respectively. 
(iii) 
Schedule 1 to the Consumer Protection Regulations contains a list of 31 specified 
commercial practices that are in all circumstances to be deemed unfair. Evidence of their 
effect, or likely effect, on the average consumer is not required in order to prove a breach 
under the Consumer Protection Regulations. 
Enforcers (such as the Competition and Markets Authority and local trading standards authorities) may take 
civil enforcement action in respect of a breach of the Consumer Protection Regulations and consumers also 
have a right to redress for prohibited practices, including a right to unwind agreements, claim damages or 
obtain a discount. 
The Consumer Protection Regulations have been incorporated into the Digital Markets, Competition and 
Consumers Bill which is currently passing through the Houses of Parliament. The Bill provides ministers with 
regulation making powers to amend the list of automatically unfair practices set out in Schedule 18 of the bill.  
The Government issued a consultation paper in September 2023 seeking views on practices which should 
be added to Schedule 18 and also seeking input on extending the private right of action to other elements of

--- Page 31 ---
- 20 - 
 
 
the Consumer Protection Regulations including misleading omissions, breaches of professional diligence and 
the listed automatically unfair practices. 
The Consumer Protection Regulations require the Competition and Markets Authority and local trading 
standards authorities to enforce the Consumer Protection Regulations by prosecution or by seeking an 
enforcement order to prevent a business from carrying on unfair practices. In addition, the FCA addresses 
unfair practices in its regulation of consumer finance. No assurance can be given that any regulatory action 
or guidance in respect of the Consumer Protection Regulations will not have a Material Adverse Effect on the 
Financing Contracts and accordingly on the Issuer's ability to make payments in full when due on the Notes. 
FCA ongoing work in the motor finance market sector 
The FCA has been looking at the motor finance market to develop its understanding of the relevant products 
and how they are sold, and to assess whether the products cause harm to consumers and if the market is 
functioning as well as it could. The FCA published its final findings in March 2019. In particular, the FCA found 
that commission models allowing broker discretion on interest rates have the potential for significant customer 
harm in terms of higher interest charges. The FCA refers in particular to Increasing Difference in Charges 
("Increasing DiC") and Reducing Difference in Charges ("Reducing DiC", and together with the Increasing 
DiC, the "DiC" Models) commission models, which 'can provide strong incentives' for brokers to arrange 
finance at higher interest rates. With DiC models, brokers are paid a fee which is linked to the interest rate 
payable by the customer. The contract between the lender and broker sets a minimum (for Increasing DiC) 
or maximum (for Decreasing DiC) interest rate and the fee is a proportion of the difference in interest charges 
between the actual interest rate and the minimum/maximum interest rate. On 28 July 2020, the FCA published 
a policy statement (PS 20/8) confirming its previous proposals for  a ban on motor finance discretionary 
commission models where the amount of the commission is linked to the interest rate the customer pays and 
which the dealer or broker has the power to set. This includes Increasing DiC and Reducing DiC models, as 
well as scaled commission models. Such a prohibition aims to address consumer harm by removing the 
financial incentive for brokers or dealers to increase a customer’s interest rate. PS 20/8 also contained the 
final updates to the rules and guidance on commission disclosure to customers. The FCA's final rule changes, 
and new rules introducing a ban on discretionary commission models have applied since 28 January 2021. 
The FCA has also introduced new disclosure rules relating to commission paid by customers which also 
applied from this date. In addition, the FCA published a "Dear CEO" letter on 20 January 2020 entitled 
"PORTFOLIO STRATEGY: MOTOR FINANCE PROVIDERS" setting out its supervisory strategy for the 
period to August 2021. 
No assurance can be given that changes will not be made to the regulatory regime and developments 
described above in respect of the vehicle finance market in the United Kingdom generally, the Seller's 
particular sector in that market or specifically in relation to the Seller, whether arising from the FCA review 
into the motor finance industry or otherwise. Additionally, this may have a Material Adverse Effect on the 
Seller, the Issuer and/or the Servicer and their respective businesses and operations and may in turn 
adversely affect the Issuer's ability to make payments in full when due on the Notes. 
Breathing Space Regulations 
On 17 November 2020, the Debt Respite Scheme (Breathing Space Moratorium and Mental Health 
Crisis Moratorium) (England and Wales) Regulations 2020 (the "Breathing Space Regulations") were 
made which implemented a new breathing space scheme from 4 May 2021. The scheme allows 
individuals in England and Wales struggling with problem debt an extra 60 days to get their finances 
under control, while they receive debt advice via professional debt advice providers in order to enter an 
appropriate debt solution. The scheme also provides for an alternative means to access the protections 
of a moratorium where individuals are receiving mental health crisis treatment, which enables the 
protections to be in place for the duration of their crisis treatment. No interest and fees on debts can be 
charged and almost all enforcement action is paused during the moratorium period. However individuals 
are not protected from enforcement action on any debts arising from failure to pay ongoing household 
liabilities, such as rent or mortgage payments.  
On 24 December 2020, the Government published guidance to provide support to creditors and debt 
advisors in understanding the Breathing Space Regulations. On 26 February 2021 the FCA published 
a policy statement (PS 21/1) outlining changes to the FCA Handbook as a result of the Breathing Space

--- Page 32 ---
- 21 - 
 
 
Regulations. The changes amend certain parts of CONC to clarify how the rules apply where the 
Breathing Space Regulations also apply.  
The breathing space includes almost all personal debts and therefore the Seller is required to implement 
the requirements of the scheme for customers that meet the eligibility criteria for entry into the scheme, 
therefore this could result in adverse consequences for Noteholders' investment in the Notes including 
reduced or delayed payments on the Notes or a reduction in the credit quality or credit rating of the 
Notes. 
On 13 May 2022, HM Treasury published a consultation and draft regulations (the Debt Respite Scheme 
(Statutory Debt Repayment Plan etc) (England and Wales) Regulations 2022) ("the Draft DRS 
Regulations"). The Draft DRS Regulations would introduce statutory debt repayment plans ("SDRPs"), 
a new form of debt solution complementing the debt respite scheme provided by the Financial Guidance 
and Claims Act 2018. The aim of an SDRP is to enable a person in problem debt to repay their debts 
under a single statutory agreement to a manageable timetable (up to ten years), while being protected 
from creditor action. SDRPs will only be accessible through the debt advice function of a local authority 
or from private debt advice providers authorised by the FCA. Any debt or liability owed by the debtor 
when applying for the SDRP will be a "qualifying debt" unless it is a "non-eligible debt". Some types of 
non-eligible debts are mandatorily excluded from an SDRP but this is not expected to include motor 
finance agreements as the scope is likely to be the same as the Breathing Space Regulations.  While 
an SDRP is in effect, creditors cannot take enforcement steps in respect of a qualifying debt. The draft 
regulations also create "priority debts" which benefit from a prioritised payment allocation. The current 
proposal is that this will include hire-purchase payments. If at least 25% by value of creditors object to 
a provisional SDRP, the Insolvency Service will review whether it is fair and reasonable before making 
it final. In November 2022, HM Treasury published a consultation response which stated that the 
government would base further decisions on the future of the SDRP on the outcomes of the 
government’s review of the personal insolvency framework, noting that no decision on reform has been 
made. The breathing space moratoria and, if implemented, the SDRPs could result in adverse 
consequences for Noteholders, including reduced or delayed payments on the Notes or a reduction in 
the credit quality or credit rating of the Notes.  
In Scotland, eligible individuals are currently afforded similar legal protection as set out above under the 
Bankruptcy (Scotland) Act 2016 although the moratorium period of 6 months is longer than in England 
and Wales and does not make any accommodation for mental health crisis. The Scottish Government 
has however introduced The Bankruptcy and Diligence (Scotland) Bill which, if enacted, will permit 
regulations to be made for the introduction of a similar form of moratorium in Scotland as currently exists 
under the Breathing Space Regulations. It is anticipated that the Bill will come into force by summer 
2024, although regulations on the proposed moratorium will likely follow later. 
Vulnerable Customers and Borrowers in Financial Difficulty 
In February 2021, the FCA published final guidance on the fair treatment of vulnerable customers (the “VC 
Guidance”). The VC Guidance reflects the FCA's focus on firms understanding the needs of their target 
market and customer base, ensuring that staff have the right skills and capability to recognise and respond 
to the needs of vulnerable customers and monitoring and assessing whether they are meeting and responding 
to the needs of customers with characteristics of vulnerability. The VC Guidance outlines the FCA’s 
expectations on how firms can comply with the FCA’s Principles for Business as regards vulnerable 
customers.  
During the Coronavirus pandemic the FCA issued guidance to firms in the context of treatment of customers 
who were experiencing payment difficulties in the form of the credit payment deferral guidance on 24 April 
2020 and updated with effect from 17 July 2020 and the tailored support guidance published in draft on 2 
November 2020 and updated on 19 November 2020.  In addition, the FCA also launched the Borrowers in 
Financial Difficulty Project ("BiFD Project") in March 2021 to ensure firms continue to support customers in 
financial difficulty. The findings from the BiFD Project will shape the FCA’s work and enforcement activity in 
relation to any firm who is not meeting the FCA’s requirements.

--- Page 33 ---
- 22 - 
 
 
Furthermore, the FCA published a "Dear CEO" letter on 16 June 2022 entitled "The rising cost of living – 
acting now to support consumers" reminding firms of the requirement to treat borrowers fairly in accordance 
with existing principles, rules and guidance (including the VC Guidance).  In December 2022 the FCA 
published its report into Borrowers in Financial Difficulty and followed this up in May 2023 with a consultation 
which proposes amendments to the FCA Handbook (the FCA has stated that it does not propose to transfer 
parts of the TSG into the FCA Handbook which are not relevant outside the context of the pandemic) to 
strengthen the protections for borrowers in financial difficulty. The proposals include incorporating aspects of 
the existing FCA guidance introduced during the Coronavirus pandemic into the FCA Handbook and to 
support firms acting to deliver good outcomes for customers as required by the Consumer Duty principle (See 
Consumer Duty below). 
VWFS has, as of 1 November 2023, received notice from the FCA of its intention to commence an 
investigation under section 168 of FSMA (the "Section 168 Investigation") into its non-current practices with 
respect to the treatment of customers in default or in arrears difficulties during the period from 1 January 2017 
to 31 July 2023 (the "Relevant Period"). The details of the investigation are confidential, but VWFS is 
permitted to provide this disclosure in accordance with its contractual obligations including its corporate 
warranty given in clause 10.2(e) of the Receivables Purchase Agreement (the "Corporate Warranty").  
VWFS understands from the FCA that the Section 168 Investigation stems from a series of workstreams 
which VWFS has undertaken with assistance from an external audit firm (the "External Advisors") in 
response to concerns raised by the FCA in the context of the BifFD Project.  
VWFS believes that its policies and procedures are generally fit for purpose noting that some enhancements 
should be made to better align with regulatory expectations and many of those enhancements have already 
been delivered. 
VWFS has already undertaken a data-led approach with respect to the analysis of 5.5 million customer 
contracts included in the Relevant Period and, together with its external advisers, proposed a remediation 
pool of approximately 95,000 customer contracts (comprising both current customer contracts with live 
balances and terminated customer contracts) (the "Remediation Pool") in respect of which it will make a 
distress and inconvenience payment based on the arrears status of the contract to the affected customers 
(the "Remediation Exercise"). No Purchased Receivables in the Remediation Pool will be sold to the Issuer. 
Whilst VWFS does not seek to, and cannot, pre-judge the outcome of the Section 168 Investigation, if the 
Section 168 Investigation is adversely determined VWFS does not believe that the Section 168 Investigation 
will impact the Corporate Warranty.   
VWFS will, when appropriate to do so, update the Issuer with progress of the Section 168 Investigation and, 
in connection with each Additional Purchase Date, will confirm if the Corporate Warranty is no longer accurate. 
The requirements in both the VC Guidance and the BiFD Project and any changes to the FCA Handbook may 
impose additional compliance costs, which may have an adverse effect on the Servicer and its businesses 
and operations, which may in turn adversely affect the Issuer's ability to make payments of interest and/or 
principal due on the Notes.  
Consumer Duty  
The FCA new rules and guidance relating to"consumer duty" ("Consumer Duty") have applied since 31 July 
2023.  The Consumer Duty establishes higher expectations for the standard of care that firms provide to retail 
clients which apply to all retail customers and which includes all customers who are within the scope of the 
CONC.  
The Consumer Duty has three key elements: (1) A Consumer Principle, which states that a firm must act to 
deliver good outcomes for retail customers; (2) 'Cross-cutting Rules', which develop and clarify the Consumer 
Principle's overarching expectations of firm conduct and set out how it should apply in practice; and (3) the 
'Four outcomes', a suite of rules and guidance that set more detailed expectations for firm conduct in relation 
to four specific outcomes for the key elements of the firm-customer relationship – Products and Services, 
Price and Value, Consumer Understanding and Customer Support. The FCA has been clear that it sees the 
introduction of this consumer duty as a paradigm shift in the expectations of firms setting a higher standard 
than Principle 6 (Treating Customers Fairly) of the FCA’s Principles for Businesses.

--- Page 34 ---
- 23 - 
 
 
The FCA had also previously said (in Feedback Statement 19/02) that they would consider the potential merits 
and unintended consequences of introducing a private right of action for breaches of the FCA's Principles, 
including any new Principles the FCA might propose. Currently, section 138D of FSMA allows the FCA to 
determine, for each of their rules, whether individuals have a right of action for damages for loss caused by 
a breach of that rule (subject to some limited exceptions). This right applies to most FCA rules, but does not 
currently apply for breaches of FCA Principles The FCA have noted that it could allow the right for private 
persons to bring private action for breaches of FCA Principles, including the Consumer Principle, and the 
wider Consumer Duty, through an amendment to the FCA Handbook. 
The FCA view a private right of action as part of a wider range of mechanisms through which firms are 
accountable for their breaches of FCA rules, and consumers can access redress. The FCA has stated that, 
whilst there are potential benefits to a private right of action for a breach of the Consumer Duty Principle, it is 
not currently intending to provide for a private right of action for breaches of any part of the Consumer Duty 
although this will be kept under review.  
Principles-based regulation presents many challenges to firms – introducing a Consumer Duty to this regime 
will likely act to intensify these challenges but any more specific effect that this will have on the Notes will only 
become clearer once the new rules are published. The implementation of these new rules may impose 
additional compliance and business costs, which may have a material adverse effect on the Servicer and/or 
the Issuer and their respective businesses and operations, which may in turn adversely affect the Issuer's 
ability to make payments of interest and/or principal due on the Notes. 
Scottish Receivables 
Certain of the Financing Contracts have been entered into with Obligors who are (a) consumers and (b) 
located in Scotland and certain of the vehicles financed pursuant to the Financing Contracts are located in 
Scotland. In such circumstances, there is a risk that the Scottish courts could apply Scots law based on 
regulations 5 and 8 of the Unfair Terms in Consumer Contracts Regulations 1999 and from 1 October 2015 
the CRA15. 
If a Scottish court were to declare that a Financing Contract was in fact governed by Scots law (a "Scottish 
Financing Contract"), the Scots court may declare that such Scottish Financing Contract had always been 
governed by Scots law, and that the Scottish Financing Contract should therefore be interpreted as a matter 
of Scots law. There is therefore a risk that the transfer under English law of Receivables derived from Scottish 
Financing Contracts ("Scottish Receivables") sold by VWFS to the Issuer may not be considered to be a 
valid transfer by the Scots courts. 
To mitigate this risk, VWFS will declare trusts (each a "Scottish Trust") in favour of the Issuer over the 
Scottish Receivables and the Vehicles relating thereto and the Issuer will be the beneficiary under each 
Scottish Trust. To the extent a Scots court considers the Financing Contract to be governed by Scots law, 
legal title to the relevant Scottish Receivable will remain with VWFS because no formal assignation of the 
Scottish Receivable duly intimated to the relevant Obligor(s) will have been made. The legal position of the 
Issuer under each Scottish Trust is substantially in accordance with that set out above in relation to the holding 
of an equitable interest in the Purchased Receivables governed by the laws of England and Wales. 
The fixed charge granted by the Issuer in favour of the Security Trustee over the Issuer's assets provides for, 
among other things, an Assignation in Security of the Issuer's interest in Scottish Trusts. 
Reliance on Warranties 
Under the Receivables Purchase Agreement, in the event of a breach of a warranty given by VWFS in relation 
to a Receivable and such breach materially and adversely affects the interests of the Issuer, the Noteholders 
and/or the Lenders, the Seller shall have until the end of the Monthly Period which includes the sixtieth (60th) 
day (or, if the Seller elects, an earlier date) after the date that the Seller became aware or was notified of 
such breach to cure or correct such breach (the "Cure Period"). The Issuer's sole remedy will be to require 
the Seller to take one of the following remedial actions: 
(a) 
remedy the matter giving rise to such breach if such is capable of remedy provided that, if a remedy 
within the relevant Cure Period (as defined above) is not practicable, the Seller may remedy such 
breach by the last day of the following calendar month; or

--- Page 35 ---
- 24 - 
 
 
(b) 
repurchase the relevant Purchased Receivable at a price equal to, or, in case of a breach of clause 
10.1(h) (Warranties and Representations) of the Receivables Purchase Agreement, pay to the Issuer 
the Settlement Amount of such Purchased Receivable at the end of the calendar month immediately 
preceding such repurchase provided that, if it is not practicable to repurchase such Purchased 
Receivable within the relevant Cure Period (as defined above), the Seller may repurchase such 
Purchased Receivable on the immediately following Payment Date.  
The Servicer shall immediately notify the Issuer and the Security Trustee if the Servicer becomes aware of 
any breach of the Seller's representations and warranties set out in clause 10.1 or 10.2 (Warranties and 
Representations) of the Receivables Purchase Agreement. 
Additionally, each of the Issuer and Security Trustee agree to notify VWFS promptly upon becoming aware 
of any breach of representation or warranty set out in clause 10.1 (Warranties and Representations) of the 
Receivables Purchase Agreement in relation to a Purchased Receivable. This will not constitute an obligation 
of the Issuer and/or the Security Trustee to investigate whether any such breach has occurred. 
If the Seller breaches any warranty given in respect of itself in the Receivables Purchase Agreement as at 
each Additional Purchase Date and the breach materially and adversely affects the interests of the Issuer, 
the Lenders and/or the Noteholders, the Issuer may require VWFS to remedy the matter giving rise to such 
breach if such matter is capable of remedy provided that, if a remedy within the relevant Cure Period (as 
defined above) is not practicable, the Seller may remedy such breach by the last day of the following calendar 
month. The Seller also agrees, subject to certain exclusions and limitations, to indemnify the Issuer and the 
Security Trustee for any breach of its obligations under the Receivables Purchase Agreement and the other 
Transaction Documents to which it is a party, its failure to comply with any applicable law, rule or regulation 
imposed upon it by the laws of England and Wales or Scotland or the non-conformity of any Financing 
Contract with such law, rule or regulation or any product liability claim for damages for personal injury or 
damage to property or other similar or related claim, liability or action proceedings in respect of which are 
commenced in the courts of England and Wales or Scotland, arising in connection with any Receivable or 
Vehicle related thereto or Financing Contract. 
Reliance on Servicing and Collection Procedures 
VWFS, in its capacity as Servicer, will carry out the servicing, collection and enforcement of the Receivables, 
including foreclosure on the Receivables in accordance with the Servicing Agreement (see 
"ADMINISTRATION OF THE PURCHASED RECEIVABLES UNDER THE SERVICING AGREEMENT"). 
Accordingly, the Noteholders are relying on the business judgment and practices of VWFS as they exist from 
time to time, in its capacity as Servicer to collect and enforce claims against the Obligors. 
Conflicts of Interest 
VWFS, the Arranger, the Lead Manager, the Security Trustee and the relevant Swap Counterparty are acting 
in a number of capacities in connection with the transaction. These parties will have only those duties and 
responsibilities expressly agreed to by them in the relevant agreement and will not, by virtue of their or any 
of their Affiliates' acting in any other capacity, be deemed to have any other duties or responsibilities or be 
deemed to be held to a standard of care other than as expressly provided with respect to each agreement to 
which they are a party. The aforementioned parties in their various capacities in connection with the 
Transaction may enter into business dealings from which they may derive revenues and profits without any 
duty to account therefore in connection with the transaction. 
VWFS, in particular, may hold and/or service claims against the Obligors other than the Purchased 
Receivables. The interests or obligations of the aforementioned parties in their respective capacities with 
respect to such other claims may in certain aspects conflict with the interests of the Noteholders. 
The aforementioned parties may engage in commercial relationships, in particular, be lender, provide general 
banking, investment and other financial services to the Obligors and other parties. In such relationships the 
aforementioned parties are not obliged to take into account the interests of the Noteholders.  
In the event that any of the above parties were to fail to perform their obligations (including any failure to 
deliver reports that it is required to prepare) under the respective agreements to which they are a party 
(including any failure arising from circumstances beyond their control such as epidemics or pandemics), 
Noteholders may be adversely affected.

--- Page 36 ---
- 25 - 
 
 
Fixed Charges may take effect as Floating Charges 
Pursuant to the terms of the Deed of Charge and Assignment, the Issuer has purported to grant fixed charges 
over, among other things, its interests in the Purchased Receivables and their Ancillary Rights, its rights and 
benefits in the Accounts from time to time. 
English law relating to the characterisation of fixed charges is unsettled. The fixed charges purported to be 
granted by the Issuer (other than by way of assignment in security) may take effect under English law as 
floating charges only if, for example, it is determined that the Security Trustee has not been provided sufficient 
control over the charged assets (although it should be noted that there is no equivalent concept of 
recharacterisation of fixed security as floating security under Scots law). If the charges take effect as floating 
charges instead of fixed charges, then, as a matter of law, certain claims would have priority over the claims 
of the Security Trustee in respect of the floating charge assets. 
The interest of the Transaction Creditors in property and assets over which there is a floating charge will rank 
behind the expenses of any administrator or liquidator and the claims of certain preferential creditors on 
enforcement of the Security. Section 251 of the Enterprise Act 2002 abolishes Crown Preference in relation 
to all insolvencies (and thus reduces the categories of preferential debts that are to be paid in priority to debts 
due to the holder of a floating charge) but a new Section 176A of the Insolvency Act 1986 requires a 
"prescribed part" (up to a maximum amount of £600,000, or £800,000 in relation to floating charges which 
come into existence on or after 6 April 2020) of the floating charge realisations available for distribution to be 
set aside to satisfy the claims of unsecured creditors and from 1 December 2020 HMRC obtained preferential 
status as a secondary preferential creditor in respect of certain taxes (eg, VAT, PAYE, employee NICs, 
student loan deductions and construction industry scheme deductions). This means that the expenses of any 
administration, the claims of preferential creditors and the beneficiaries of the prescribed part will be paid out 
of the proceeds of enforcement of the floating charge ahead of amounts due to Noteholders. The prescribed 
part will not be relevant to property subject to a valid fixed security interest or to a situation in which there are 
no unsecured creditors. 
Termination for Good Cause (Kündigung aus wichtigem Grund) 
As a general principle of German law, a contract may always be terminated for good cause (Kündigung aus 
wichtigem Grund) and such right may not be totally excluded nor may it be subject to unreasonable restrictions 
or consent from a third party. This may also have an impact on several limitations on the right of the parties 
to terminate any of the German Transaction Documents for good cause. 
Employees 
Some Obligors may be employees of VWFS. Consequently, they may have a right of set-off against amounts 
due under the Purchased Receivables against unpaid wages or other cash benefits. Any such set-off may 
adversely affect the Issuer’s ability to make payments in full when due on the notes. 
Historical and Other Information 
The historical information set out in particular in "DESCRIPTION OF THE PORTFOLIO" is based on the 
historical experience and present procedures of the Seller. None of the Issuer, the relevant Swap 
Counterparty, the Arranger, the Lenders, the Lead Manager, the Security Trustee, the Agents, or the 
Corporate Services Provider has undertaken or will undertake any investigation or review of, or search to 
verify the historical information. There can be no assurances as to the future performance of the Purchased 
Receivables. Any deterioration of the future performance of the Purchased Receivables may result in the 
Issuer not receiving sufficient Collections to redeem part or all of the Notes.

--- Page 37 ---
- 26 - 
 
 
IV. 
LEGAL, MACRO-ECONOMIC AND REGULATORY RISKS RELATING TO THE NOTES 
General market volatility 
Developments such as the UK's departure from the European Union, consumer energy price inflation and 
disruption to global supply chains, alongside elevated global demand for goods and supply shortages of 
specific goods have led to recent inflationary pressure and rises in UK interest rates. Continuing inflationary 
pressure may result in further interest rate increases over time. There are also geopolitical risks, for example 
around the conflict in Ukraine, which could impact the UK economy, in particular by further increasing energy 
and oil prices (and therefore petrol and diesel retail prices) and which could lead to further impacts on supply 
chains and further increases in the cost of living and inflation. 
No assurance can be given that any of the matters outlined above would not adversely affect the ability of the 
Issuer to satisfy its obligations under the Notes and/or the market value and/or liquidity of the Notes in the 
secondary market. 
Adverse macroeconomic and geopolitical developments may have a material negative impact on the 
performance of the Issuer under the Notes 
The ongoing geopolitical developments, including the current uncertainty in the banking sector, the war in 
Ukraine and the sanctions imposed by the United States, the United Kingdom, the European Union, in 
particular, against Russia, may result in an adverse impact on global economic, financial, political, social or 
government conditions which may result or has already resulted in (including but not limited to) limited access 
to workplaces, and limited availability of key personnel, higher inflation, higher interest rates, higher cost of 
living, declining access to credit, lower or stagnating wages, increasing unemployment, changes in 
government regulatory, fiscal or tax policies, including changes in applicable tax rates and the modification of 
existing or adoption of new tax legislation, sanctions regimes, removal of subsidies, reduced public spending, 
increases in fuel prices, weakness in energy markets or a loss of consumer confidence. Such conditions may 
have an adverse impact on both the operational business of VWFS and the financial performance of the 
Purchased Lease Receivables, which may in turn adversely affect the Issuer's ability to make payments of 
interest and/or principal due on the Notes. 
Market and Liquidity Risk for the Notes 
The secondary markets in general are currently experiencing severe disruptions resulting from reduced 
investor demand for asset-backed securities and increased investor yield requirements for those securities. 
As a result, the secondary market for asset-backed securities experiencing extremely limited liquidity. These 
conditions may continue or worsen in the future. Limited liquidity in the secondary market for asset-backed 
securities has had a severe adverse effect on the market value of asset-backed securities and may continue 
to have a severe adverse effect on the market value of asset-backed securities, especially those securities 
that are more sensitive to prepayment, credit or interest rate risk and those securities that have been 
structured to meet the investment requirements of limited categories of investors. Consequently, any 
purchaser of the Notes must be prepared to hold such Notes for an indefinite period of time or until final 
redemption or maturity of such Notes. The market values of the Notes are likely to fluctuate and could 
decrease. Any such fluctuation or decrease may be significant and could result in significant losses to 
investors in the Notes.  
Investors should be aware that the market continues to develop in relation to the Sterling Overnight Index 
Average (SONIA) as a reference rate in the capital markets and its adoption as an alternative to interbank 
offered rates such as Sterling LIBOR. In particular, market participants and relevant working groups are 
exploring alternative reference rates based on SONIA, including term SONIA reference rates (which seek to 
measure the market's forward expectation of an average SONIA over a designated term).. As a result, the 
market or a significant part thereof may adopt an application of SONIA that differs significantly from that set 
out in the Notes Conditions and used in relation to Notes that reference a SONIA rate issued under this Base 
Prospectus. Equally in such circumstances it may be difficult for the Issuer to find any future required Swap 
Counterparty to properly hedge its interest rate exposures should the Swap Counterparty need to be replaced 
and the Notes at that time use an application of SONIA that differs from products then prepared to be hedged 
by such swap providers. Interest on Notes which reference a SONIA rate is only capable of being determined 
at the end of the relevant Observation Period and immediately prior to the relevant Payment Date. It may be 
difficult for investors in Notes which reference a SONIA rate to reliably estimate the amount of interest which 
will be payable on such Notes. In addition, the manner of adoption or application of SONIA reference rates in

--- Page 38 ---
- 27 - 
 
 
the bond markets may differ materially compared with the application and adoption of SONIA in other markets, 
such as the derivatives and loan markets. Investors should carefully consider how any mismatch between the 
adoption of SONIA reference rates across these markets may impact any hedging or other financial 
arrangements which they may put in place in connection with any acquisition, holding or disposal of Notes 
referencing SONIA. Investors should carefully consider these matters when making their investment decision 
with respect to any such Notes. 
Changes or uncertainty in respect of SONIA may affect the value and payment of interest under the 
Notes 
Various interest rates and other indices which are deemed to be "benchmarks", including SONIA, are the 
subject of recent national and international regulatory reforms and proposals for reform. Some of these 
reforms are already effective whilst others are still to be implemented including the EU Benchmarks 
Regulation. 
Under the EU Benchmarks Regulation, which applied as from 1 January 2018 in general, new requirements 
apply with respect to the provision of a wide range of benchmarks (including compounded daily SONIA), the 
contribution of input data to a benchmark and the use of a benchmark within the European Union. In particular, 
the EU Benchmarks Regulation, among other things, (i) requires benchmark administrators to be authorised 
or registered (or, if non-EU-based, to be subject to an equivalent regime or otherwise recognised or endorsed) 
and to comply with extensive requirements in relation to the administration of benchmarks and (ii) prevent 
certain uses by EU-supervised entities of benchmarks of administrators that are not authorised or registered 
(or, if non-EU based, deemed equivalent or recognised or endorsed). The scope of the EU Benchmarks 
Regulation is wide and applies to many interest rates, foreign exchange rate indices and other indices where 
used to determine the amount payable under or the value or performance of certain financial instruments 
traded on a trading venue (EU regulated market, EU multilateral trading facility, EU organised trading facility) 
or via a systematic internaliser, certain financial contracts and investment funds.  
The UK Benchmarks Regulation contains similar requirements with respect to the UK, in particular the 
requirement for benchmark administrators to be authorised or registered (or, if non-UK-based, to be subject 
to an equivalent regime or otherwise recognised or endorsed) and to comply with extensive requirements in 
relation to the administration of benchmarks and prevent certain uses by UK-supervised entities of 
benchmarks of administrators that are not authorised or registered (or, if non-UK based, deemed equivalent 
or recognised or endorsed). Pursuant to section 20 of the Financial Services Act 2021,the transitional period 
for third country has extentend benchmarks from 31 December 2022 to 31 December 2025. 
Based on the foregoing, investors should be aware that any of these reforms or pressures described above 
or any other changes to a relevant interest rate benchmark could affect the level of the published rate, 
including to cause it to be lower and/or more volatile than it would otherwise be, or may cause such 
benchmarks to be discontinued entirely or to perform differently than in the past (as a result of a change in 
methodology or otherwise), create disincentives for market participants to continue to administer or participate 
in certain benchmarks or have other consequences which cannot be predicted.  
The Senior Instrument Interest Rate and the Junior Instrument Interest Rate will be determined on the basis 
of Compounded Daily SONIA (as defined in the Notes Conditions). Compounded Daily SONIA is a 
backwards-looking, compounded, risk-free overnight rate and its use as a reference rate for debt securities 
is relatively new and is subject to change and development, both in terms of the substance of the calculation 
and in the development and adoption of market infrastructure for the issuance and trading of bonds 
referencing Compounded Daily SONIA. 
These reforms, benchmarks reforms at a European or UK level and other pressures may cause one or more 
interest rate benchmarks to disappear entirely or to perform differently than in the past (as a result of a change 
in methodology or otherwise), create disincentives for market participants to continue to administer or 
participate in certain benchmarks or have other consequences which cannot be predicted. In particular, 
investors should be aware that: 
(a) 
any of these reforms or pressures described above or any other changes to a relevant interest rate 
benchmark (including Compounded Daily SONIA) could affect the level of the published rate, 
including to cause it to be lower and/or more volatile than it would otherwise be;

--- Page 39 ---
- 28 - 
 
 
(b) 
if SONIA is discontinued and an amendment as described in paragraph (c) below has not been made, 
then the rate of interest on the Notes will be determined for each applicable interest period by the 
fall-back provisions provided for under the definition of SONIA, although such provisions, being 
dependent in part upon the provision by the Bank of England's Bank Rate (the "Bank Rate"), may 
not operate as intended (depending on market circumstances and the availability of rates information 
at the relevant time) and may result in the effective application of a fixed rate based on the rate which 
applied in the previous period when SONIA was available; 
(c) 
while an amendment may be made under Notes Condition 12 (Amendments to Conditions and 
Benchmark Rate Modification) to change the Compounded Daily SONIA rate on the Notes to an 
alternative base rate under certain circumstances broadly related to SONIA disruption or 
discontinuation and subject to certain conditions, there can be no assurance that any such 
amendment will be made or, if made, that it (i) will fully or effectively mitigate all relevant interest rate 
risks or result in an equivalent methodology for determining the interest rates on the Notes or (ii) will 
be made prior to any date on which any of the risks described in this risk factor may become relevant; 
and 
(d) 
if SONIA is discontinued or is otherwise unavailable, and whether or not an amendment is made 
under Notes Condition 12 (Amendments to Conditions and Benchmark Rate Modification) to change 
the Compounded Daily SONIA rate on the Notes as described in paragraph (b) above there can be 
no assurance that the applicable fall-back provisions under the Swap Agreements would operate to 
allow the transactions to effectively mitigate interest rate risk in respect of the Notes and may in 
certain circumstances result in the effective application of a fixed rate based on the rate which applied 
in the previous period when SONIA was available. 
Investors should note the various circumstances under which a Benchmark Rate Modification may be made, 
which are specified in Notes Condition 12 (Amendments to Conditions and Benchmark Rate Modification). 
As noted above, these events broadly relate to SONIA's disruption or discontinuation, but also include, inter 
alia, any public statements by the regulatory supervisor of the administrator of the Applicable Benchmark 
Rate to that effect, and a Benchmark Rate Modification may also be made if the Issuer (or the Servicer) 
reasonably expects any of these events to occur. Investors should also note the various options permitted as 
an Alternative Benchmark Rate as set out in Notes Condition 12 (Amendments to Conditions and Benchmark 
Rate Modification). 
Moreover, any of the above matters (including an amendment to change the SONIA rate as described in 
paragraph (2) above) or any other significant change to the setting or existence of SONIA could affect the 
ability of the Issuer to meet its obligations under the Notes and/or could have a Material Adverse Effect on 
the value or liquidity of, and the amount payable under, the Notes. Changes in the manner of administration 
of SONIA could result in adjustment to the Notes Conditions, early redemption, delisting or other 
consequences in relation to the Notes. No assurance may be provided that relevant changes will not occur 
with respect to SONIA or any other relevant interest rate benchmark and/or that such benchmarks will 
continue to exist. Investors should consider these matters when making their investment decision with respect 
to the Notes. 
Risk Retention and Due Diligence Requirements 
Regulation (EU) No 2017/2402 dated 12 December 2017 and any relevant regulatory and/or implementing 
technical standards adopted by the European Commission in relation thereto, any relevant regulatory and/or 
implementing technical standards applicable in relation thereto pursuant to any transitional arrangements 
made pursuant to the EU Securitisation Regulation, and in each case, any relevant guidance published by 
the European Banking Authority, the European Securities and Markets Authority (or, in either case, any 
predecessor authority), the European Commission and by national competent authorities (the "EU 
Securitisation Regulation") applies from 1 January 2019 subject to certain transitional and grandfathering 
provisions. 
Regulation (EU) No 2017/2402 dated 12 December 2017, as it forms part of domestic law of the United 
Kingdom by virtue of the EUWA, and any implementing laws or regulations in force in the United Kingdom in 
relation to the EU Securitisation Regulation or amending the EU Securitisation Regulation (together with 
applicable directions, secondary legislation, guidance, binding technical standards and related documents 
published by the FCA and the PRA of the United Kingdom) apply in the UK (the "UK Securitisation

--- Page 40 ---
- 29 - 
 
 
Regulation"). The UK's financial services regulators, being the Bank of England, PRA and FCA, have been 
granted temporary transitional powers to delay or modify firms' regulatory obligations where they have 
changed as a result of a statutory instrument made under Section 8 of the EUWA and standstill directions 
have been issued for a temporary period with respect to a number of provisions of the UK Securitisation 
Regulation. 
Investors, to which the EU Securitisation Regulation or UK Securitisation Regulation is applicable, should 
make themselves aware of the requirements of Articles 5 et seq. of the EU Securitisation Regulation or UK 
Securitisation Regulation, in addition to any other regulatory requirements applicable to them with respect to 
their investment in the Notes. 
Risk Retention 
Article 6 of the EU Securitisation Regulation provides for a direct obligation on originators to retain a net 
economic interest. Article 5 (1)(c) of the EU Securitisation Regulation requires institutional investors as 
defined in Article 2 (12) of the EU Securitisation Regulation, which term also includes an insurance or 
reinsurance undertaking as defined in the EU Solvency II Regulation and an alternative investment fund 
manager as defined in the EU AIFM Regulation, to verify that, if established in the European Union, the 
originator, sponsor or original lender retains on an ongoing basis a material net economic interest in 
accordance with Article 6 of the EU Securitisation Regulation and the risk retention is disclosed to the 
institutional investor in accordance with Article 7(1)(e) of the EU Securitisation Regulation. The originator is 
not established in the European Union but has contractually agreed to comply with Article 6 of the EU 
Securitisation Regulation.  
Article 6 of the UK Securitisation Regulation provides for a direct obligation on originators to retain a net 
economic interest. Article 5 (1)(c) of the UK Securitisation Regulation requires institutional investors as 
defined in Article 2 (12) of the UK Securitisation Regulation, which term also includes an insurance or 
reinsurance undertaking as defined in the UK Solvency II Regulation and an alternative investment fund 
manager as defined in the UK AIFM Regulation, to verify that, if established in the United Kingdom, the 
originator, sponsor or original lender retains on an ongoing basis a material net economic interest in 
accordance with Article 6 of the UK Securitisation Regulation and the risk retention is disclosed to the 
institutional investor in accordance with Article 7(1)(e) of the UK Securitisation Regulation. 
With respect to the commitment of the originator to retain a material net economic interest with respect to the 
Transaction, VWFS is the "originator" for the purposes of Article 2(3) of the UK Securitisation Regulation 
and the EU Securitisation Regulation. VWFS is legally bound to comply with the provisions of the UK 
Securitisation Regulation and contractually agrees to comply with the provisions of the EU Securitisation 
Regulation. VWFS shall, whilst any of the Instruments remain outstanding retain for the life of such 
Instruments a material net economic interest of not less than 5 per cent. with respect to the Transaction in 
accordance with: 
(a) 
in the case of the EU Securitisation Regulation, Article 6(3)(d) of the EU Securitisation 
Regulation and Article 7 of the Commission Delegated Regulation (EU) 2023/2175 of 7 July 
2023 on supplementing the Securitisation Regulation with regard to regulatory technical 
standards specifying in greater detail the risk retention requirements for originators, 
sponsors, original lenders and services (the "RRTS") adopted by the Commission pursuant 
to Article 6(7) of the EU Securitisation Regulation, provided that the level of retention may 
reduce over time in compliance with Article 10(2) of the RRTS, and 
(b) 
in the case of the UK Securitisation Regulation, Article 6(3)(d) of the UK Securitisation 
Regulation and Article 43(7) of the UK Securitisation Regulation until such time as UK 
regulatory technical standards are published jointly by the FCA and PRA, the Commission 
Delegated Regulation (BTS 625/2014 as amended by Annex R of The Technical Standards 
(Capital Requirements) (EU Exit) (No. 3) Instrument 2019), 
through retention of the first loss tranche being the sum of (i) amounts required for overcollateralisation 
purposes (which shall include, for the avoidance of doubt, amounts standing to the credit of the Accumulation 
Account from time to time) and (ii) the amount as set forth in connection with the issuance of the relevant 
Notes and the advances under the relevant Schuldschein Loans for the endowment of the Cash Collateral 
Account to equal the Specified General Cash Collateral Account Balance, such sum being equivalent to no

--- Page 41 ---
- 30 - 
 
 
less than 5 per cent. of the nominal value of the securitised exposures as at the Issue Date. The Seller has 
prepared a table as set out in the section "THE PURCHASED RECEIVABLES POOL" of this Base 
Prospectus with a view to reflect that it complies with Article 6(3)(d) of the UK Securitisation Regulation and 
Article 6(3)(d) of the EU Securitisation Regulation. The first loss tranche retained by the Seller will have the 
characteristics set out in the table titled " RETENTION ACCORDING TO ARTICLE 6(3)(D) OF THE UK 
SECURITISATION REGULATION AND ARTICLE 6(3)(D) OF THE EU SECURITISATION REGULATION" 
in the section "THE PURCHASED RECEIVABLES POOL". 
The Servicer Reports will also set out monthly confirmation as to the Seller's continued holding of the first 
loss tranche. 
It should be noted that there is no certainty that references to the retention obligations of the Seller in this 
Base Prospectus will constitute explicit disclosure (on the part of the Seller) or adequate due diligence (on 
the part of the Noteholders) for the purposes of Article 5 of the EU Securitisation Regulation or the UK 
Securitisation Regulation. 
Due diligence 
Article 5 of the EU Securitisation Regulation and the UK Securitisation Regulation places an obligation on 
institutional investors (as defined in the EU Securitisation Regulation and the UK Securitisation Regulation) 
before investing in a securitisation and thereafter, to analyse, understand and stress test their securitisation 
positions and monitor on an ongoing basis in a timely manner performance information on the exposures 
underlying their securitisation positions. After the Closing Date, the Servicer (on behalf of the Issuer) will 
prepare Servicer Reports wherein relevant information with regard to the Purchased Receivables will be 
disclosed publicly together with an overview of the retention of the material net economic interest by the Seller 
in accordance with Article 7(1)(e) of the EU Securitisation Regulation and the UK Securitisation Regulation.  
Prospective investors should note that there can be no assurance that the information in this Base Prospectus 
or to be made available to investors in accordance with Article 7 of the EU Securitisation Regulation or the 
UK Securitisation Regulation will be adequate for any prospective institutional investors to comply with their 
due diligence obligations under the EU Securitisation Regulation or the UK Securitisation Regulation.  
Where the relevant retention requirements are not complied with in any material respect and there is 
negligence or omission in the fulfilment of the due diligence obligations on the part of a credit institution that 
is investing in the Notes, a proportionate additional risk weight of no less than 250 per cent. of the risk weight 
(with the total risk weight capped at 1250 per cent.) which would otherwise apply to the relevant securitisation 
position will be imposed on such credit institution, progressively increasing with each subsequent infringement 
of the due diligence provisions. Noteholders should make themselves aware of the provisions of the CRD IV 
Package and make their own investigation and analysis as to the impact of the CRD IV Package on any 
holding of Notes. 
If the Seller does not comply with its obligations under Article 6 of the EU Securitisation Regulation or Article 
6 of the UK Securitisation Regulation, the ability of the Noteholders to sell and/or the price investors receive 
for, the Notes in the secondary market may be adversely affected. 
Relevant investors, to which the EU Securitisation Regulation or the UK Securitisation Regulation is 
applicable, are required to independently assess and determine the sufficiency of the information described 
above for the purposes of complying with the CRD IV Package or Article 5 of the EU Securitisation Regulation 
and Article 5 of the UK Securitisation Regulation and none of the Issuer, the Seller, the Lead Manager nor 
the Arranger makes any representation that the information described above is sufficient in all circumstances 
for such purposes. 
Noteholders should take their own advice and/or seek guidance from their regulator on compliance with, and 
the application of, the provisions of the CRD IV Package and Article 6 of the EU Securitisation Regulation 
and Article 6 of the UK Securitisation Regulation in particular.

--- Page 42 ---
- 31 - 
 
 
Edinburgh Reforms  
On 9 December 2022, the Chancellor of the Exchequer of the United Kingdom set out a series of reforms the 
"Edinburgh Reforms", that will reshape the UK’s financial services regulatory framework, repeal retained EU 
law ("REUL") and deliver a “Smarter Regulatory Framework” for financial services tailored to the UK. 
The Financial Services and Markets Act 2023 ("FSMA 2023"), which received Royal Assent on 29 June 2023, 
establishes a framework for the revocation of REUL relating to financial services. REUL will be revoked and 
replaced, with much of the detail rules being transposed into rules to be overseen by the FCA and/or the 
PRA.  The UK Government is taking a phased approach to the revocation of REUL, with policy areas 
organised by tranches, such that individual areas will not be revoked until the FCA and/or the PRA have 
consulted on and put in place new rules.  
On 11 July 2023, HM Treasury published a near-final version of a draft statutory instrument, “The 
Securitisation Regulations 2023”, together with an explanatory policy note.  The Securitisation Regulations 
2023 empowers the FCA and the PRA to make certain rules which will replace some requirements that are 
currently contained in the UK Securitisation Regulation, with rules to be set out in the PRA Rulebook and the 
FCA Handbook.  
Consultations on proposed rules (the "Rules") were published by the PRA on 27 July 2023 and by the FCA 
on 7 August 2023. The Securitisation Regulations 2023, together with the Rules, when final, will replace the 
current UK Securitisation Regulation.   
The timing and all of the details for the implementation of securitisation-specific reforms are not yet finalised 
although The Securitisation Regulations 2023 are expected to be laid before Parliament by the end of 2023.  
The FCA and PRA intend to publish their respective Rules in Q2 of 2024, subject to the progress of The 
Securitisation Regulations.   
Some divergence between the EU and UK regimes exist already and the risk of more divergence in the future 
between EU and UK regimes may therefore be likely. UK investors who are uncertain as to the requirements 
that will need to be complied with in order to avoid the consequences of non-compliance should seek 
guidance from their regulator and/or take independent advice. 
It is not certain whether the impact of a possible change to law (including as a result of the implementation of 
the Edinburgh Reforms), or their interpretation or administration, or the published practices of the United 
Kingdom tax authorities or tax authorities of any other relevant taxing jurisdiction, or any divergence of English 
law from EU law over time, after the date of this Base Prospectus could adversely affect the ability of the 
Issuer to make payments under the Notes, the market value of the Notes, and/or VWFS’s ability to perform 
its obligations under the Transaction Documents. 
Each potential investor is required to independently assess and determine the sufficiency of the information 
described above and in this Base Prospectus generally for the purposes of complying with Article 5 of the UK 
Securitisation Regulation and any corresponding national measures which may be relevant to investors and 
none of the Issuer, Lead Manager, the Arranger, the Seller, or any of the other Transaction Parties makes 
any representation that any such information described above or elsewhere in this Base Prospectus is 
sufficient in all circumstances for such purposes. 
Securitisation Regulation and simple, transparent and standardised securitisation 
The UK Securitisation Regulation makes provision for a securitisation transaction to be designated a simple, 
transparent and standardised transaction in the UK (a "UK STS securitisation"). In order to obtain this 
designation, a transaction is required to comply with the requirements set out in Articles 20, 21 and 22 of the 
UK Securitisation Regulation (the "UK STS Criteria") and one of the originator or sponsor in relation to such 
transaction is required to file a STS notification to the FCA confirming the compliance of the relevant 
transaction with the UK STS Criteria.  
The EU Securitisation Regulation also makes provision for a securitisation transaction to be designated a 
simple, transparent and standardised transaction (an "EU STS securitisation"). In order to obtain this 
designation, a transaction is required to comply with the requirements set out in Articles 20, 21 and 22 of the 
EU Securitisation Regulation (the "EU STS Criteria"). As at the Closing Date the originator is not established 
in the EU and so the Transaction will not qualify as an EU STS securitisation on the basis that the

--- Page 43 ---
- 32 - 
 
 
requirements of Article 18 of the EU Securitisation Regulation are not fulfilled. The Notes will not be eligible 
as high quality liquid assets for the purposes of Liquidity Coverage Ratio as it applies in the EU from such 
date. The Transaction is not intended to be designated as an EU STS securitisation for the purposes of the 
EU Securitisation Regulation. 
Although the Transaction has been structured to comply with the requirements for simple, transparent and 
standardised securitisations transactions as set out in Articles 20, 21 and 22 of the UK Securitisation 
Regulation and will be certified as such by Prime Collateralised Securities Limited ("PCS"), in its capacity as 
third party verification agent authorised pursuant to Article 28 of the UK Securitisation Regulation, no 
guarantee can be given that it maintains this status throughout its lifetime. Noteholders and potential investors 
should verify the current status of the Programme on the website of the FCA. Non-compliance with such 
status may result in higher capital requirements for investors as an investment in the Notes would not benefit 
from Articles 243, 260, 262 and 264 of the UK CRR. Furthermore, non-compliance could result in various 
administrative sanctions and/or remedial measures being imposed on the Issuer which may be payable or 
reimbursable by the Issuer. As the Order of Priority does not foresee a reimbursement of the Issuer for the 
payment of any of such administrative sanctions and/or remedial measures the repayment of the Notes may 
be adversely affected. 
The Servicer (on behalf of the Seller as the originator for the purposes of the UK Securitisation Regulation), 
and the Issuer, (as SSPE for the purposes of the UK Securitisation Regulation), have used the services of 
PCS, a third party authorised pursuant to Article 28 of the UK Securitisation Regulation, to verify whether the 
securitisation transaction described in this Base Prospectus complies with Articles 19 to 22 of the UK 
Securitisation Regulation and the compliance with such requirements will be verified by PCS. 
However, none of the Issuer, VWFS (in its capacity as the Seller and the Servicer), the Arranger, the Lead 
Manager or the Swap Counterparty gives any explicit or implied representation or warranty as to (i) inclusion 
in the list administered by the FCA within the meaning of Article 27 of the UK Securitisation Regulation, (ii) 
that the securitisation transaction described in this Base Prospectus does or continues to comply with the UK 
Securitisation Regulation, (iii) that this securitisation transaction does or continues to be recognised or 
designated as 'STS' or 'simple, transparent and standardised' within the meaning of Article 18 of the UK 
Securitisation Regulation after the date of this Base Prospectus. 
The verification by PCS does not affect the liability of the Seller, as originator and the Issuer, as SSPE in 
respect of their legal obligations under the UK Securitisation Regulation. Furthermore, the use of such 
verification by PCS shall not affect the obligations imposed on institutional investors as set out in Article 5 of 
the UK Securitisation Regulation. Notwithstanding PCS’ verification of compliance of a securitisation with 
Articles 19 to 22 of the UK Securitisation Regulation, such verification by PCS does not ensure the compliance 
of a securitisation with the general requirements of the UK Securitisation Regulation. A verification does not 
remove the obligation placed on investors to assess whether a securitisation labelled as 'STS' or 'simple, 
transparent and standardised' has actually satisfied the criteria. Investors must not solely or mechanistically 
rely on any UK STS notification or PCS’ verification to this extent.  
Prospective investors should carefully consider (and, where appropriate, take independent advice) in relation 
to the capital charges associated with an investment in the Notes. In particular, investors should carefully 
consider the effects of the change (and likely increase) to the capital charges associated with an investment 
in the Notes for credit institutions and investment firms, depending on the particular exposure. These effects 
may include, but are not limited to, a decrease in demand for the Notes in the secondary market, which may 
lead to a decreased price for the Notes. It may also lead to decreased liquidity and increased volatility in the 
secondary market. Prospective investors are themselves responsible for monitoring and assessing changes 
to the UK risk retention rules and their regulatory capital requirements. 
Litigation in connection with the NOx issue in the UK 
On 18 September 2015, the US Environmental Protection Agency (EPA) publicly announced in a "Notice of 
Violation" that irregularities in relation to nitrogen oxide ("NOx") emissions had been discovered in emissions 
tests on certain Volkswagen group vehicles with 2.0 litre diesel engines in the USA. In this context, 
Volkswagen Aktiengesellschaft announced that noticeable discrepancies between the figures recorded in 
testing and those measured in actual road use had been identified in type EA 189 diesel engines and that 
this engine type had been installed in roughly eleven million vehicles worldwide.

--- Page 44 ---
- 33 - 
 
 
On 25 May 2022, it was announced that the Volkswagen Group had reached an out of court settlement in 
respect of the Litigation in England & Wales involving EA189 diesel engines (the "VW NOx Emissions Group 
Litigation"), ending the litigation. The claims in the VW NOx Emissions Group Litigation (including against 
VWFS) were dismissed by the High Court on 25 May 2022, the settlement applies to the circa 91,000 claims 
in the VW NOx Emissions Group Litigation. No admissions in respect of liability, causation or loss have been 
made by any of the defendants as part of the settlement. It has no bearing on any other claims in England & 
Wales or any other jurisdiction.  
  
Further, Volkswagen Aktiengesellschaft, VWFS and other Volkswagen Group entities have been notified of 
other threatened claims in England & Wales and Scotland in relation to certain other diesel engine vehicles 
leased or sold in England, Wales, Northern Ireland and Scotland since 2009. No Claim Forms have been 
served yet on any Volkswagen Group entity and the claims are uncertain in scope. As such, it is not 
practicable to provide an estimate of the financial effect of these future proceedings.   
 
See also "RISK FACTOR - OTHER RISKS RESULTING FROM CONSUMER LEGISLATION – (B) 
UNFAIR COMMERCIAL PRACTICES DIRECTIVE 2005", and "RISK FACTOR - REGULATORY 
FRAMEWORK  – (I) UNFAIR RELATIONSHIP" and "RISK FACTOR - LIABILITY FOR 
MISREPRESENTATIONS AND BREACH OF CONTRACT". 
U.S. Risk Retention 
The Transaction will not involve risk retention by the Seller for the purposes of the U.S. Risk Retention Rules, 
but rather will be made in reliance on an exemption provided for in Section __.20 of the U.S. Risk Retention 
Rules regarding non-U.S. transactions. Such non-U.S. transactions must meet certain requirements, 
including that (1) the transaction is not required to be and is not registered under the Securities Act; (2) no 
more than 10 per cent. of the dollar value (or equivalent amount in the currency in which the securities are 
issued) of all classes of securities issued in the securitisation transaction are sold or transferred to U.S. 
persons (in each case, as defined in the U.S. Risk Retention Rules) or for the account or benefit of U.S. 
persons (as defined in the U.S. Risk Retention Rules and referred to in this Base Prospectus as "Risk 
Retention U.S. Persons"); (3) neither the sponsor nor the issuer of the securitisation transaction is organised 
under U.S. law or is a branch located in the United States of a non-U.S. entity; and (4) no more than 25 per 
cent. of the underlying collateral was acquired from a majority-owned affiliate or branch of the sponsor or 
issuer organised or located in the United States. 
The Notes sold as part of the initial distribution may not be purchased by Risk Retention U.S. Persons in the 
transaction. Prospective investors should note that whilst the definition of U.S. person in the U.S. Risk 
Retention Rules is substantially similar to the definition of U.S. person under Regulation S, the definitions are 
not identical and persons who are not “U.S. persons” under Regulation S may be “U.S. persons” under the 
U.S. Risk Retention Rules. 
There can be no assurance that the exemption provided for in Section __.20 of the U.S. Risk Retention Rules 
regarding non-U.S. transactions will be available.  Failure of the offering of the Notes to comply with the U.S. 
Risk Retention Rules (regardless of the reason for such failure to comply) could give rise to regulatory action 
which may adversely affect the Notes.  Furthermore, the impact of the U.S. Risk Retention Rules on the 
securitisation market generally is uncertain, and a failure by a transaction to comply with the risk retention 
requirements of the U.S. Risk Retention Rules could negatively affect the market value and secondary market 
liquidity of the Notes. 
Basel Capital Accord and regulatory capital requirements 
The European authorities have now incorporated the Basel III framework into EU law, primarily through 
Directive 2013/36/EU of the European Parliament and of the Council of 26 June 2013 on access to the activity 
of credit institutions and the prudential supervision of credit institutions and investment firms, amending 
Directive 2002/87/EC and repealing Directive 2006/48/EC and 2006/49/EC (Capital Requirements Directive 
– "CRD"), as amended by Directive (EU) 2019/878 of 20 May 2019 (the "CRD V"), and the CRR, as amended 
by Regulation (EU) 2019/876 of 20 May 2019 (the "CRR II"). The changes under CRD V and CRR II may 
have an impact on the capital requirements in respect of the Notes and/or on incentives to hold the Notes for 
investors that are subject to requirements that follow the relevant framework and, as a result, may affect the 
liquidity and/or value of the Notes. 
Under the EUWA, the CRR (as it had effect immediately before the end of the transition period under the 
Withdrawal Act) became part of the domestic law of the United Kingdom by virtue of the EUWA, and was

--- Page 45 ---
- 34 - 
 
 
amended to ensure it functioned in a UK context. As elements of CRD V and CRR II did not apply before the 
end of the Transition Period, this means that some, but not all, of the amendments made by CRR II became 
UK law and the UK has also implemented some, but not all, of the CRD V Directive. The Prudential Regulation 
Authority (the "PRA") intends to implement those of the Basel III standards which make it equivalent to the 
remainder of CRR II on 1 January 2022, but this may change and there is no guarantee the UK would replicate 
CRR II or the associated Basel III standards exactly. The UK Government has presented a draft Financial 
Services Bill to UK Parliament (the "FS Bill") which will, among other things, establish the framework for the 
UK implementation of the Basel III standards that remain to be implemented in the UK. The PRA launched a 
consultation paper in February 2021 setting out their proposed rules to implement such outstanding Basel III 
standards in the UK. 
The Basel Committee on Banking Supervision has finalised a package of reforms to the Basel III framework 
("Basel 3.1"). The implementation date of the Basel 3.1 standards is 1 January 2025, and most of these 
revisions are not included in CRR II or CRD V, and have not yet been legislated for in the EU or the UK. The 
FS Bill will allow the UK authorities to implement Basel 3.1, and the UK authorities have stated that they will 
work towards a UK implementation timetable consistent with the 1 January 2025 implementation date. 
Additionally, Regulation (EU) No 2015/61 of 10 October 2014 (the "LCR Regulation") sets out assumed 
asset inflow and outflow rates to better reflect actual experience in times of stress. On 19 November 2018, 
Delegated Regulation (EU) 2018/1620 amending the LCR Regulation (the "Delegated Regulation") entered 
into force, pursuant to which, inter alia, (i) the calculation of the expected liquidity outflows and inflows on 
repurchase agreements, reverse repurchase agreements and collateral swaps shall be aligned with the 
international liquidity standard developed by Basel Committee on Banking Supervision; (ii) the treatment of 
certain reserves held with third-country central banks shall be amended and (iii) transactions exposures of 
securitisations, which qualify as simple, transparent and standardised securitisations in accordance with the 
EU Securitisation Regulation and the UK Securitisation Regulation, shall qualify as Level 2B high quality liquid 
assets, if they additionally fulfil the conditions laid down in Article 13 of the LCR Regulation. The Delegated 
Regulation applied in the EU and the UK as from 30 April 2020 and applies in the UK by virtue of the EUWA. 
The CRD V, the CRR II, the LCR Regulation and the Delegated Regulation may have negative implications 
on the cost of regulatory capital for certain investors and thereby on the overall return from an investment of 
the Notes and the liquidity of the Notes. Therefore, investors should consult their own advisers as to the 
regulatory capital requirements in respect of the Notes and as to the consequences to and effect on them by 
the CRD V, the CRR II, the LCR Regulation and the Delegated Regulation. No predictions can be made as 
to the precise effects of such matters on any investor or otherwise. 
There can be no guarantee that the regulatory capital treatment of the Notes for investors will not be affected 
by any future implementation of and changes to the CRD V, or other regulatory or accounting changes. 
Recovery and Resolution Proceedings 
As a result of the Banking Recovery and Resolution Directive 2014/59/EU of 15 May 2014 (the "BRRD"), it is 
possible that a credit institution or investment firm with its head office in an EEA state and/or certain group 
companies (such institution, investment firm or group company could encompass any Swap Counterparty) 
could be subject to certain resolution actions in that state.  
Directive ((EU) 2019/879) ("BRRD II") was required to be transposed into national law in the UK and EU by 
28 December 2020. BRRD II amends the BRRD by, amongst other matters, providing EU Member States 
with the power to ensure that their resolution authorities have the power to suspend payment or delivery 
obligations and enforcement action by secured creditors, including an exemption to include a contractual 
recognition of bail-in clause in certain circumstances and introducing requirements on the contractual 
recognition of resolution stay powers.  
In respect of the UK, the majority of BRRD II was transposed into the domestic law of the United Kingdom 
with effect from 28 December 2020, such date falling within the transition period agreed under the Withdrawal 
Agreement. BRRD II forms part of domestic law of the United Kingdom by virtue of the EUWA and has been 
amended through the Bank Recovery and Resolution (Amendment) (EU Exit) Regulations 2020 
(2020/1350/EU) to ensure it operates in a UK context. The UK authorities did not implement those BRRD II 
requirements that did not need to be complied with by firms until after the end of the transition period, and 
certain requirements will be transposed through FCA rules.

--- Page 46 ---
- 35 - 
 
 
Any such resolution action may affect the ability of any relevant entity to satisfy its obligations under the 
Transaction Documents (including the Swap Agreements) and there can be no assurance that Noteholders 
will not be adversely affected as a result. 
Change of Law 
The structure of the issue of the Instruments and the related transaction is based on Luxembourg, English 
and German law (including tax law) in effect as at the date of this Base Prospectus. No assurance can be 
given as to the impact of any possible judicial decision or changes to any relevant law, the interpretation 
thereof or administrative practice after the date of this Base Prospectus. Any negative judicial decision or 
change to any relevant law, the interpretation thereof or administrative practice could negatively affect 
payment under the Notes.

--- Page 47 ---
- 36 - 
 
 
V. 
RISKS RELATED TO TAXATION  
The Common Reporting Standard 
Directive 2014/107/EU on Administrative Cooperation in the Field of Taxation ("DAC II") implements the 
Common Reporting Standard ("CRS") in a European context and creates a mandatory obligation for all EU 
Member States to exchange financial account information in respect of residents in other EU Member States 
on an annual basis.  
For the purposes of complying with its obligations under CRS and DAC II, if any, the Issuer shall be entitled 
to require Noteholders to provide any information regarding their and, in certain circumstances, their 
controlling persons' tax status, identity or residence in order to satisfy any reporting requirements which the 
Issuer may have as a result of CRS and DAC II and Noteholders will be deemed, by their holding, to have 
authorised the automatic disclosure of such information by the Issuer (or any nominated service provider) or 
any other person to the relevant tax authorities who will exchange the information with the tax authorities of 
other participating jurisdictions, as applicable. Failure by the Issuer to comply with its CRS and DAC II 
obligations, if any, may result in the Issuer being deemed to be non-compliant in respect of its CRS obligations 
and monetary penalties may be imposed as a result under applicable law. Such monetary penalties may lead 
to an inability of the Issuer to pay fully or partially interest on the Notes and or to redeem part or all of the 
Notes. 
Transactions on the Notes could be subject to the European financial transaction tax, if adopted  
On 14 February 2013, the EU Commission adopted a proposal (the "Commission's Proposal") for a Council 
Directive on a common financial transaction tax ("FTT") in Austria, Belgium, Estonia, France, Germany, 
Greece, Italy, Portugal, Spain, Slovakia and Slovenia (the "participating Member States"). However, Estonia 
has since stated that it will not participate.  
The Commission's Proposal has very broad scope and could, if introduced, apply to certain dealings in the 
Notes (including secondary market transactions) in certain circumstances. The issuance and subscription of 
Notes should, however, be exempt.  
Under the Commission’s Proposal the FTT could apply in certain circumstances to persons both within and 
outside of the participating Member States. Generally, it would apply to certain dealings in the Notes where 
at least one party is a financial institution, and at least one party is established in a participating Member 
State. A financial institution may be, or be deemed to be, "established" in a participating Member State in a 
broad range of circumstances, including (a) by transacting with a person established in a participating Member 
State or (b) where the financial instrument which is subject to the dealings is issued in a participating Member 
State. 
However, the FTT is still subject to negotiation between participating Member States. It may therefore be 
altered prior to any implementation, the timing of which remains unclear. Additional EU Member States may 
decide to participate. 
U.S. Foreign Account Tax Compliance Act 
Pursuant to certain provisions of the U.S. Internal Revenue Code of 1986, commonly known as FATCA, a 
"foreign financial institution" may be required to withhold on certain payments it makes ("foreign passthru 
payments") to persons that fail to meet certain certification, reporting or related requirements. The Issuer 
may be a foreign financial institution for these purposes.  
A number of jurisdictions (including Luxembourg and the United Kingdom) have entered into, or agreed in 
substance to, intergovernmental agreements with the United States to implement FATCA ("IGAs"), which 
modify the way in which FATCA applies in their jurisdictions. Under the provisions of the IGAs as currently in 
effect, a foreign financial institution in an IGA jurisdiction would generally not be required to withhold under 
FATCA or an IGA from payments that it makes.  
Certain aspects of the application of the FATCA provisions and IGAs to instruments such as the Notes, 
including whether withholding would ever be required pursuant to FATCA or an IGA with respect to payments 
on instruments such as the Notes, are uncertain and may be subject to change. Even if withholding would be 
required pursuant to FATCA or an IGA with respect to payments on instruments such as the Notes, such

--- Page 48 ---
- 37 - 
 
 
withholding would not apply prior to the date that is two years after the date on which final regulations defining 
foreign passthru payments are published in the U.S. Federal Register, and Notes characterised as debt (or 
which are not otherwise characterised as equity and have a fixed term) for U.S. federal tax purposes that are 
issued on or prior to the date that is six months after the date on which final regulations defining "foreign 
passthru payments" are filed with the U.S. Federal Register generally would be "grandfathered" for the 
purposes of FATCA withholding unless materially modified after such date (including by reason of a 
substitution of the Issuer). In the event any withholding would be required pursuant to FATCA or an IGA with 
respect to payments on the Notes, no person will be required to pay additional amounts as a result of the 
withholding.  
Prospective holders of the Notes should consult their own tax advisors with respect to the FATCA 
rules and the application of FATCA to such holder in light of such holder's individual circumstances. 
No gross up of payments 
The Notes will not provide for gross-up of payments in the event that the payments on the Notes become 
subject to withholding taxes, so that if the Issuer would have to withhold or deduct amounts on account of tax 
from payments due under the Notes, the Noteholders would receive reduced payments only. 
ATAD Laws and ATAD 3 Proposal  
The Issuer is liable to Luxembourg corporate income tax on its worldwide net profits. The Luxembourg laws 
of 21 December 2018, which implements the Council Directive (EU) 2016/1164 of 12 July 2016 laying down 
rules against tax avoidance practices that directly affect the functioning of the internal market (commonly 
known as "ATAD") and the Luxembourg law of 20 December 2019 implementing the Council Directive (EU) 
2017/952 of 29 May 2019 regarding hybrid mismatches with third countries (commonly known as “ATAD 2”), 
together known as the "ATAD Laws", introduced new tax measures into Luxembourg law, including among 
others a limitation as regards so-called “exceeding borrowing costs” and hybrid mismatch rules. Whilst certain 
exemptions and safe harbour provisions (for example, exceeding borrowing costs up to 3 million euro will 
always remain deductible) exist in relation to the limitation respectively the denial of exceeding borrowing 
costs, these new rules may in certain situations result in the limitation of the deduction of payments to 
investors for Luxembourg tax purposes, which may adversely affect the income tax position of the Issuer and 
as such affect generally its ability to make payments to the holders of the Notes. According to the December 
infringement package published by the European Commission on 2 December 2021, the European 
Commission sent a reasoned opinion to Luxembourg asking it to correctly transpose the ATAD into its local 
laws regarding the treatment of securitisation vehicles subject to and compliant with the Securitisation 
Regulation. Under current Luxembourg law and contrary to the wording of the ATAD, securitisation companies 
covered by the Securitisation Regulation are excluded from the scope of the interest deduction limitation 
rules. The reasoned opinion follows a formal notice sent to Luxembourg on 14 May 2020. In response, 
Luxembourg adopted a bill of law on 9 March 2022 to remove securitisation vehicles subject to and compliant 
with the EU Securitisation Regulation from the list of financial undertakings that are out of the scope of the 
interest deduction limitation rule as from 1 January 2023. The outcome of such bill of law and the impacts on 
the Issuer, if any, remains uncertain as at the date of this Base Prospectus.  It is possible that any such impact 
as well as whether such outcome/impacts ultimately will or will not have as well a retroactive effect remain 
uncertain and may as such negatively impact this Base Prospectus or alter the tax position of the Issuer.  
In any case, clarifications as regards the ATAD Laws and their interpretation may be enacted after the date 
of this Base Prospectus, possibly with retroactive effect, and could alter the tax position of the Issuer. In 
addition, the Issuer may take positions with respect to certain tax issues resulting from the ATAD Laws which 
may depend on legal conclusions not yet resolved by the courts. Should any such positions be successfully 
challenged by the applicable tax authority, there could be a materially adverse effect on the Issuer and its 
ability to make payments to the holders of the Notes.   
In addition, on 22 December 2021, the Council of the European Union published the proposal for a Council 
Directive laying down rules to prevent the misuse of shell entities for tax purposes and amending Directive 
2011/16/EU (the “ATAD 3 Proposal”). Under the ATAD 3 Proposal, reporting obligations would be imposed 
on certain entities resident in a Member State for tax purposes. If these entities qualify as shell entities, they 
would not be able to access the benefits of the tax treaty network of its Member State nor to qualify for benefits 
under Council Directive 2011/96EU of 30 November 2011, as amended (known as the EU parent-subsidiary 
directive) and/or Council Directive 2003/49/EC of 3 June 2003, as amended (known as the EU interest and

--- Page 49 ---
- 38 - 
 
 
royalties directive). Furthermore, they would not be entitled to a certificate of tax residence to the extent that 
such certificate serves to obtain any of these benefits. Member States are expected to apply the provisions 
of the ATAD 3 Proposal as from 1 January 2024.   
Securitisation companies covered by and compliant with Article 2 point 2 of the EU Securitisation Regulation 
are excluded from the scope of the current version of the ATAD 3 Proposal. However, the ATAD 3 Proposal 
is still subject to negotiation and the final text of the ATAD 3 Proposal as well as its implementation into local 
laws remain currently uncertain. Consequently, the possible impacts of the ATAD 3 Proposal on the Issuer 
remain currently unknown. 
Therefore, prospective holders of the Notes should make an investment decision only after careful 
consideration, with its independent advisers, as to the consequences of the ATAD Laws as well as to the 
evolution of the ATAD 3 Proposal and its potential impacts on the Issuer. 
DEBRA Directive Proposal 
Further, on 11 May 2022, the Council of the European Union published the proposal for a Council Directive 
on laying down rules on a debt-equity bias reduction allowance and on limiting the deductibility of interest for 
corporate income tax purposes (“DEBRA Directive Proposal”). The DEBRA Directive Proposal aims, 
amongst other things, to introduce a limitation on “exceeding borrowing costs”, as defined in ATAD, up to 
85%. The interest deduction limitation rule under the DEBRA Directive Proposal would be applicable prior to 
the ATAD interest deduction limitation rule and the taxpayer would only be entitled to deduct the lower of the 
deductible exceeding borrowing costs under, respectively, the DEBRA Directive Proposal and the ATAD in 
any tax period. Any difference between the higher and lower amount of exceeding borrowing costs would 
then be carried forward or back to the extent permitted under ATAD. However, securitisation companies 
covered by and compliant with Article 2 point 2 of the EU Securitisation Regulation are excluded from the 
scope of the current version of the DEBRA Directive Proposal. Member States are expected to apply the 
provisions of the DEBRA Directive Proposal as from 1 January 2024.  
The Debra Directive Proposal is still subject to negotiation and might be amended in the future. In addition, 
the implementation into local laws of the final text of the DEBRA Directive Proposal remains unknown. 
Consequently, the possible impacts of the DEBRA Directive Proposal on the Issuer is currently uncertain.

--- Page 50 ---
- 39 - 
 
 
VI. 
RISK RELATING TO THE CHARACTERISTICS OF THE NOTES 
Eurosystem Eligibility  
The Notes are currently not Eurosystem eligible.  However, the Class A Notes are intended to be held in a 
manner which would allow Eurosystem eligibility.  This means that the Class A Notes are intended upon issue 
to be deposited with one of Euroclear or Clearstream, Luxembourg as Common Safekeeper, but does not 
necessarily mean that the Class A Notes in the future will be recognised as eligible collateral for Eurosystem 
monetary policy and intra-day credit operations by the Eurosystem ("Eurosystem eligible collateral") at any 
or all times during their life.  Such recognition will depend upon such satisfaction of all of the other Eurosystem 
eligibility criteria set out in the Guideline (EU) 2015/510 of the European Central Bank (the "ECB") of 19 
December 2014 on the implementation of the Eurosystem monetary policy framework (ECB/2014/60) 
(recast), which applies since 1 May 2015, as amended by Guideline (EU) 2019/1032 of the ECB of 10 May 
2019 (ECB/2019/11) and Guideline (EU) 2020/1690 of the ECB of 25 September 2020 (ECB/2020/45). It is 
not expected that the Class A Notes and the Class B Notes will satisfy the Eurosystem eligibility criteria.  
Neither the Issuer, the Lead Manager nor the Arranger gives any representation, warranty, confirmation or 
guarantee to any investor in the Class A Notes that the Class A Notes will, either upon issue, or any or at all 
times during their life, satisfy all or any requirements for Eurosystem eligibility and be recognised as 
Eurosystem eligible collateral. Any prospective investor in the Class A Notes should consult its professional 
advisers with respect to whether or not the Class A Notes may constitute Eurosystem eligible collateral at any 
point of time during the life of the Class A Notes. 
Bank of England Eligibility 
Certain investors in the Class A Notes may wish to consider the use of the Class A Notes as eligible securities 
for the purposes of the Bank of England's Discount Window Facility ("DWF") and the Term Funding Scheme 
with additional incentives for small and medium sized enterprises ("TFSME"). Recognition of the Class A 
Notes as eligible securities for the purposes of the DWF and the TFSME will depend upon satisfaction of the 
eligibility criteria as specified by the Bank of England. If the Class A Notes do not satisfy the criteria specified 
by the Bank of England, there is a risk that the Class A Notes will not be eligible DWF of TFSME collateral. 
In addition, whilst central bank schemes such as, amongst others, the Bank of England's Sterling Monetary 
Framework, the Funding for Lending Scheme, the Term Funding Scheme or the European Central Bank's 
liquidity scheme have provided an important source of liquidity in respect of eligible securities, as at the date 
of this Base Prospectus, use of such schemes (other than TFSME) is now restricted to the maintenance of 
existing drawings by participants. 
None of the Issuer, the Arranger or the Lead Manager gives any representation, warranty, confirmation or 
guarantee to any investor in the Class A Notes that the Class A Notes will, either upon issue, or at any or all 
times during their life, satisfy all or any requirements for the DWF or TFSME eligibility and be recognised as 
eligible DWF or TFSME collateral. Any potential investor in the Class A Notes should make its own 
determinations and seek its own advice with respect to whether or not the Class A Notes constitute eligible 
DWF or TFSME collateral.

--- Page 51 ---
- 40 - 
 
 
 
STRUCTURE DIAGRAM 
 
 
 
Subordinated Loan  
Repayment of loan 
subordinated to 
obligations vis-à-vis 
Noteholders 
Interest  
and principal 
on Notes and 
Schuldschein 
Loans 
Proceeds 
from  
Issue of the 
Notes and 
drawings 
under the 
Schuldschein 
Loans 
Purchase 
Price 
Sale and transfer of 
Receivables pursuant to the 
receivables purchase 
agreement/distribution of 
collected receivables proceeds 
Payments 
to 
provide 
the 
specified general 
cash 
collateral 
account balance 
Payments 
in respect 
of losses 
Shareholding 
Floating Rate 
Payments 
Cash 
Collateral 
Account 
Charitable 
Trust 
Affiliate of 
Volkswagen 
AG 
(Subordinated 
Lender) 
Volkswagen Financial 
Services (UK) Limited 
(Seller/Servicer) 
Class A  
Noteholders and Senior 
Schuldschein Loan 
Lenders 
Driver UK Master  
(Purchaser/Issuer) 
Swap 
Counterparties 
 
Fixed rate 
payments 
Class B 
Noteholders and Junior 
Schuldschein Loan 
Lenders

--- Page 52 ---
- 41 - 
 
 
 
PRINCIPAL FEATURES OF THE NOTES 
 
Revolving Period 
The period from (and including) the Initial Issue Date and ending on 
(and including) the earlier of (i) the Instrument Revolving Period 
Expiration Date of the last outstanding Instrument and (ii) the 
occurrence of an Early Amortisation Event  
 
Ratings on date of Base 
Prospectus and Expected 
Ratings on Further Issue Date 
for all Series of Class A Notes 
AAA (sf) by S&P 
AAAsf by Fitch 
 
 
Ratings on date of Base 
Prospectus and Expected 
Ratings on Further Issue Date 
for all Series of Class B Notes, 
to the extent rated 
At least A+(sf) by S&P 
At least A+sf by Fitch 
 
The ratings issued by Fitch and S&P have been endorsed by Fitch 
Ratings Ireland Limited and S&P Global Ratings Europe Limited, 
respectively.  
 
Form 
All Series of Class A Notes are represented by global registered notes 
held under the NSS. 
 
All Series of Class B Notes are represented by global registered notes 
held by a Common Depositary for Euroclear and Clearstream 
Luxembourg. 
 
Listing and Admission to 
Trading 
Application has been made for listing on the official list of the 
Luxembourg Stock Exchange and for admission to trading of the Notes 
at the regulated market of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange 
 
Clearing 
Clearstream, Luxembourg/ Euroclear

--- Page 53 ---
- 42 - 
 
 
 
KEY MINIMUM REQUIRED RATING DURING THE TERM OF THE TRANSACTION 
 
 
Short-term ratings 
 
Long-term ratings 
Account Bank Required Rating 
"F1" from Fitch or 
 
"A" from Fitch and 
 
"A-1" from S&P and 
 
"A" from S&P or 
 
 
 
"A+" from S&P and 
Eligible Swap Counterparty 
 
"F1" from Fitch or "F3" 
from Fitch and which 
either posts collateral in 
the amount and manner 
set forth in the Swap 
Agreements or obtains a 
guarantee from a person 
having the ratings set or 
 
"A" from Fitch or "BBB-" from 
Fitch and which either posts 
collateral in the amount and 
manner set forth in the Swap 
Agreements 
or 
obtains 
a 
guarantee from a person having 
the ratings set and 
 
 
(i) Having a rating of not 
less 
than 
the 
counterparty ratings for 
the 
S&P 
Collateral 
Framework Option then 
in effect pursuant to the 
Swap Agreement; or (ii) 
having the Minimum S&P 
Collateralised 
Counterparty Rating and 
posts collateral in the 
amount and manner set 
forth 
in 
the 
Swap 
Agreements 
or 
(iii) 
obtaining a guarantee 
from a party having the 
minimum 
required 
counterparty ratings for 
the 
S&P 
Collateral 
Framework Option then 
in effect; 
 
(i) Having a rating of not less 
than the counterparty ratings for 
the S&P Collateral Framework 
Option then in effect pursuant to 
the Swap Agreement; or (ii) 
having 
the 
Minimum 
S&P 
Collateralised 
Counterparty 
Rating and posts collateral in the 
amount and manner set forth in 
the Swap Agreements or (iii) 
obtaining a guarantee from a 
party 
having 
the 
minimum 
required counterparty ratings for 
the S&P Collateral Framework 
Option then in effect; 
Monthly 
Remittance 
Condition 
shall no longer be satisfied if any of 
the following events occur: 
 
Volkswagen 
AG 
no 
longer has a short-term 
rating for unsecured and 
unguaranteed debt of at 
least "F2" by Fitch; or 
 
Volkswagen AG no longer has a 
long-term rating for unsecured 
and unguaranteed debt of at 
least "BBB" by Fitch; or  
 
 
 
 
The profit and loss sharing 
agreement 
(Gewinnabführungsvertrag) 
between Volkswagen AG and 
the Parent ceases to be in effect; 
or 
 
 
 
 
Either the Parent holds less than 
100 per cent. of the shares of 
Volkswagen Finance Overseas 
B.V. (or any of its successors 
within the VW Group as parent

--- Page 54 ---
- 43 - 
 
 
 
of 
the 
Servicer), 
or 
(B) 
Volkswagen Finance Overseas 
B.V. (or any of its successors 
within the VW Group as parent 
of the Servicer) holds less than 
100 per cent. of the shares of the 
Servicer. 
 
 
The 
parent 
of 
Volkswagen 
Finance 
Overseas 
B.V. 
such 
parent company being in 
turn the parent of the 
Servicer (or any of its 
successors within the VW 
Group as parent of the 
Servicer, as applicable) 
no longer has a short-
term rating for unsecured 
and unguaranteed debt 
of at least "A-2" from S&P  
 
The 
parent 
of 
Volkswagen 
Finance Overseas B.V. such 
parent company being in turn 
the parent of the Servicer (or any 
of its successors within the VW 
Group as parent of the Servicer, 
as applicable) no longer has a 
long-term rating for unsecured 
and unguaranteed debt of at 
least "BBB" from S&P, or 
 
 
 
 
where the parent of Volkswagen 
Finance Overseas B.V. such 
parent company being in turn 
the parent of the Servicer (or any 
of its successors within the VW 
Group as parent of the Servicer, 
as applicable) is not the subject 
of an S&P short-term rating, it 
has a long-term rating for 
unsecured and unguaranteed 
debt of at least "BBB+" from 
S&P, or 
S&P notifies the Issuer and/or 
the Servicer that VWFS is no 
longer deemed eligible under 
the applicable rating criteria by 
S&P, or 
the profit and loss sharing 
agreement 
(Gewinnabführungsvertrag) 
between Volkswagen AG and 
the 
parent 
of 
Volkswagen 
Finance Overseas B.V. such 
parent company being in turn 
the parent of the Servicer (or any 
of its successors within the VW 
Group as parent of the Servicer, 
as applicable) ceases to be in 
effect.

--- Page 55 ---
- 44 - 
 
 
 
TRANSACTION OVERVIEW 
The following "TRANSACTION OVERVIEW" must be read in conjunction with, and is qualified in its entirety 
by reference to, the more detailed information appearing elsewhere in this Base Prospectus and in the 
relevant Final Terms. For a discussion of significant risk factors to be construed in connection with an 
investment in the Notes, see "RISK FACTORS". Capitalised terms not specifically defined in this 
TRANSACTION OVERVIEW shall have the meanings ascribed to them in clause 1 of the Master Definitions 
Schedule set out in the Incorporated Terms Memorandum which is dated on or about the date of this Base 
Prospectus and signed, for purposes of identification, by each of the Transaction Parties.   
 
THE PARTIES 
Issuer 
Driver UK Master S.A., acting for and on behalf of its Compartment 
7, a securitisation company within the meaning of the Luxembourg 
law of 22 March 2004 on securitisation as amended ("Luxembourg 
Securitisation Law"), incorporated under the form of a public 
limited liability company (Société Anonyme), with registered office at 
22-24 Boulevard Royal, L-2449 Luxembourg registered with the 
trade and companies register under number B 162 723. The Issuer 
has elected in its Articles of Incorporation (Statuts) to be governed 
by the Luxembourg Securitisation Law. The exclusive purpose of the 
Issuer is to enter into one or more securitisation transactions, each 
via a separate compartment ("Compartment") within the meaning 
of the Luxembourg Securitisation Law. The Instruments will be 
funding the seventh securitisation transaction (the "Transaction") of 
the Issuer. 
 
Foundation 
Stichting CarLux, a foundation duly incorporated and validly existing 
under the laws of The Netherlands, having its registered office at 
Museumlaan 2, 3581HK Utrecht, The Netherlands and registered 
with the trade register of the Chamber of Commerce in Amsterdam 
under number 34283304 (the "Foundation"). The Foundation owns 
all of the issued shares representing one hundred per cent (100%) 
of the Issuer. The Foundation does not have shareholders and 
would distribute any profits received from the Issuer (if any) to 
charitable organisations. 
Driver UK Master 
Compartment 7 
Compartment 7 of Driver UK Master S.A. relating to the Transaction 
and the issue of the Notes has been created by a decision of the 
board of directors of Driver UK Master S.A. taken on 29 August 
2023. 
 
Seller 
Volkswagen 
Financial 
Services 
(UK) 
Limited 
("VWFS"), 
incorporated under the laws of the England as a company with 
limited liability (see the section "THE SELLER AND SERVICER") 
having its corporate seat at Milton Keynes, United Kingdom and its 
registered offices at Brunswick Court, Yeomans Drive, Blakelands, 
Milton Keynes with registered number 02835230.  
 
Servicer 
VWFS, incorporated under the laws of England as a company with 
limited liability having its corporate seat at Milton Keynes, United 
Kingdom and its registered offices at Brunswick Court, Yeomans 
Drive, Blakelands, Milton Keynes with registered number 02835230.  
 
Arranger 
Lloyds Bank Corporate Markets plc, 25 Gresham Street, London, 
EC2V 7HN, United Kingdom. 
 
Lead Manager 
Lloyds Bank Corporate Markets plc, 25 Gresham Street, London, 
EC2V 7HN, United Kingdom.

--- Page 56 ---
- 45 - 
 
 
 
Swap Counterparties 
ING Bank N.V., Bijlmerdreef 106, 1102 CT Amsterdam, the 
Netherlands, and Crédit Agricole Corporate and Investment Bank, 
12 place des Etats-Unis, CS 70052, 92547 Montrouge Cedex, 
France. 
Subordinated Lender 
VWFS, incorporated under the laws of England as a company with 
limited liability having its corporate seat at Milton Keynes, United 
Kingdom and its registered offices at Brunswick Court, Yeomans 
Drive, Blakelands, Milton Keynes with registered number 02835230.  
 
Cash Collateral Account Bank 
/ Distribution Account Bank / 
Accumulation Account Bank / 
Counterparty Downgrade 
Collateral Account Bank / 
Cash Administrator / Principal 
Paying Agent and Interest 
Determination Agent 
 
The Bank of New York Mellon, London Branch, 160 Queen Victoria 
Street, London EC4V 4LA, United Kingdom. 
Security Trustee 
Intertrust Trustees GmbH, Eschersheimer Landstraße 14, 60322 
Frankfurt am Main, Germany. 
 
Registrar 
The Bank of New York Mellon SA/NV, Luxembourg Branch, Vertigo 
Building – Polaris, 2-4 rue Eugène Ruppert L-2453 Luxembourg, the 
Grand Duchy of Luxembourg. 
 
Corporate Services Provider 
Circumference FS (Luxembourg) S.A., 22-24 Boulevard Royal, L-
2449 Luxembourg. 
 
Data Protection Trustee 
Data Custody Agent Services B.V., Basisweg 10, 1043 AP 
Amsterdam, The Netherlands. 
 
Rating Agencies 
Fitch Ratings Limited, 30 North Colonnade, London, E14 5GN; and 
 
S&P Global Ratings UK Limited, 20 Canada Square, Canary Wharf, 
London E14 5LH, United Kingdom. 
 
Clearing Systems 
Clearstream Banking société anonyme, 42 Avenue JF Kennedy, L-
1885 Luxembourg and Euroclear Bank NV./SA., 1 Boulevard du Roi 
Albert II, B-1210 Brussels, Belgium.

--- Page 57 ---
- 46 - 
 
 
 
THE NOTES 
Class A Notes and Class B Notes 
The subject of this Base Prospectus are the Notes which 
may be issued under the Programme by the Issuer on any 
date prior to 25 November 2031 (the "Programme 
Maturity Date"), all as further described herein. With 
respect to payment of interest and principal, all Series of 
Class A Notes rank pari passu amongst themselves and 
with the Senior Schuldschein Loans but rank senior to all 
Series of Class B Notes and Junior Schuldschein Loans. 
With respect to payment of interest and principal, all 
Series of Class B Notes rank pari passu amongst 
themselves and with the Junior Schuldschein Loans but 
rank junior to all Series of Class A Notes and the Senior 
Schuldschein Loans. 
 
Issue Dates 
Series of Class A Notes and Series of Class B Notes may 
be issued on any Payment Date prior to the Programme 
Maturity Date. 
 
Capital structure as at the  
Closing Date 
The capital structure with regards to the Closing Date 
shall be as follows: 
Senior Instrument Increase Amount: 
70.88% 
Junior Instrument Increase Amount: 
10.80% 
Subordinated 
Loan 
increase 
percentage 
12.32% 
Initial 
 
Receivables 
Overcollateralisation Percentage: 
6.00% 
Total: 
100% 
 
Capital structure for Tap-Ups 
The capital structure with regards to the issuance of 
Further Instruments under this Base Prospectus shall be 
as follows: 
Senior Instrument Increase Amount: 
70.88%* 
Junior Instrument Increase Amount: 
10.80%* 
Subordinated Loan increase percentage 
16.178% 
Further 
Receivables 
Overcollateralisation Percentage: 
2.142 %* 
Total: 
100%*  
 
* Percentages are in relation to the Further Discounted Receivables Balance and may be 
varied in accordance with the Further Receivables Overcollateralisation Percentage 
Variation Option 
Furthermore, along with each issuance of Further 
Instruments under the Transaction the Cash Collateral 
Account balance shall be increased so as to be equal to 
1.45 per cent. of the aggregate outstanding principal

--- Page 58 ---
- 47 - 
 
 
 
amount of all Instruments after application of the 
applicable Order of Priority on such Further Issuer Date .  
 
 
Issue Price 
The issue price at which a Series of Notes of any Class of 
Notes will be sold is set out in the relevant Final Terms. 
 
Denomination 
Each of the Notes will be issued in a principal amount of 
at least GBP 100,000 or an amount in GBP equivalent to 
EUR 100,000. 
 
Interest and Principal 
Class A Notes 
 
 
Each Series of the Class A Notes entitle the Class A 
Noteholders thereof to receive from the Available 
Distribution Amount on each Payment Date: 
 
(a) 
interest at the rate equivalent to the sum (subject 
to a floor of zero) of Compounded Daily SONIA 
plus a rate specified in the Final Terms for the 
relevant Series (the "Senior Instrument Interest 
Rate") on the Nominal Instrument Amount of the 
Class A Notes outstanding immediately prior to 
such Payment Date; and 
(b) 
thereafter, on and from the first Payment Date 
after the Instrument Revolving Period Expiration 
Date in respect of such Series, from the 
remaining Available Distribution Amount on each 
Payment Date (and prior to the occurrence of an 
Enforcement Event, provided that (A) the 
payment of interest due and payable on the 
Senior Schuldschein Loans, the Class B Notes 
and the Junior Schuldschein Loans has been 
paid and (B) the balance of the Cash Collateral 
Account equals the Specified General Cash 
Collateral Account Balance), payment of the 
Senior Instrument Amortisation Amount which 
comprises: 
1. where on the relevant Payment Date some of 
the outstanding Senior Instruments but not all 
Senior 
Instruments 
are 
Amortising 
Instruments, then for any Senior Instrument 
which on the relevant Payment Date qualifies 
as an Amortising Instrument for the first time 
(such Payment Date with respect to such 
Senior Instrument referred to as the "Senior 
Instrument Amortisation Date"), the Senior 
Instrument Amortisation Amount applicable 
to such Senior Instrument with respect to all 
Payment Dates following such qualification 
shall be determined as the lesser of (i) the 
principal amount outstanding of such Senior 
Instrument and (ii) the product of (1) the 
positive difference between (A) the Senior 
Instrument Available Redemption Collections 
and (B) the sum of the Senior Instrument 
Amortisation Amounts in respect of the other 
Amortising Instruments with an earlier Senior 
Instrument Amortisation Date and (2) the

--- Page 59 ---
- 48 - 
 
 
 
Amortisation Factor applicable to such 
Amortising Instruments; or 
 
2. if on the relevant Payment Date all Senior 
Instruments are Amortising Instruments, the 
Senior Instrument Amortisation Amount for 
any Senior Instrument will be determined as 
the product of (i) the Senior Instrument 
Principal Payment Amount multiplied by (ii) 
the ratio of the principal amount outstanding 
of the relevant Amortising Senior Instruments 
on such Payment Date as numerator and the 
sum of the principal amount outstanding of all 
Senior Instruments on such Payment Date as 
denominator. 
 
Class B Notes 
 
Each Series of the Class B Notes entitle the Class B 
Noteholders thereof to receive on each Payment Date, out 
of the amounts remaining from the Available Distribution 
Amount on each Payment Date: 
 
(a) 
after payment of interest due and payable on the 
Senior Instruments, interest at the rate equivalent 
to the sum (subject to a floor of zero) of 
Compounded Daily SONIA plus a rate specified 
in the Final Terms for the relevant Series (the 
"Junior Instrument Interest Rate") on the 
Nominal Instrument Amount of the Class B Notes 
the outstanding immediately prior to such 
Payment Date; and  
(b) 
thereafter, on and from the first Payment Date 
after the Instrument Revolving Period Expiration 
Date in respect of such Series, from the 
remaining Available Distribution Amount (and 
prior to the occurrence of an Enforcement Event, 
provided that (A) the payment of interest due and 
payable on the Class A Notes, the Class B Notes, 
the Senior Schuldschein Loans and the Junior 
Schuldschein Loans have been paid, (B) the 
payment of the Senior Instrument Amortisation 
Amount and the Senior Instrument Accumulation 
Amount has been paid and (C) the balance of the 
Cash Collateral Account equals the Specified 
General Cash Collateral Account Balance), on 
each Payment Date, payment of the Junior 
Instrument 
Amortisation 
Amount, 
which 
comprises: 
1. where on the relevant Payment Date some of 
the outstanding Junior Instruments but not all 
Junior 
Instruments 
are 
Amortising 
Instruments, then for any Junior Instrument 
which on the relevant Payment Date qualifies 
as an Amortising Instrument for the first time 
(such Payment Date with respect to such 
Junior Instrument referred to as the "Junior 
Instrument Amortisation Date"), the Junior 
Instrument Amortisation Amount applicable 
to such Junior Instrument with respect to all

--- Page 60 ---
- 49 - 
 
 
 
Payment Dates following such qualification 
shall be determined as the lesser of (i) the 
principal amount outstanding of such Junior 
Instrument and (ii) the product of (1) the 
positive difference between (A) the Junior 
Instrument Available Redemption Collections 
and (B) the sum of the Junior Instrument 
Amortisation Amounts in respect of the other 
Amortising Instruments with an earlier Junior 
Instrument Amortisation Date and (2) the 
Amortisation Factor applicable to such 
Amortising Instrument; or 
 
2. on the relevant Payment Date all Junior 
Instruments are Amortising Instruments, the 
Junior Instrument Amortisation Amount for 
any Junior Instrument will be determined as 
the product of (i) the Junior Instrument 
Principal Payment Amount multiplied by (ii) 
the ratio of the principal amount outstanding 
of the relevant Amortising Junior Instruments 
on such Payment Date as numerator and the 
sum of the principal amount outstanding of all 
Junior Instruments on such Payment Date as 
denominator. 
 
With respect to payments of interest and principal, 
particular attention should be paid to the risk factor 
descriptions as set forth in "RISK FACTORS" and in 
particular the risk factor outlined under "RISK FACTORS 
– Liability and Limited Recourse under the Notes". 
 
Interest Period 
Unless otherwise mutually agreed by the parties, the 
period from (and including) a Payment Date to (but 
excluding) the next succeeding Payment Date provided 
that the initial Interest Period in respect of the Notes 
issued on the Initial Issue Date was the period from (and 
including) the Initial Issue Date to (but excluding) the first 
Payment Date. 
 
Ratings 
As at the date of this Base Prospectus the Class A Notes 
are rated AAA (sf) by S&P and AAAsf by Fitch. As at the 
date of this Base Prospectus the Class B Notes are rated, 
to the extent rated, at least A+sf by Fitch and at least 
A+(sf) by S&P. The ratings issued by Fitch and S&P have 
been endorsed by Fitch Ratings Ireland Limited and S&P 
Global Ratings Europe Limited, respectively.  
 
The ratings of the Class A Notes indicate the ultimate 
payment of principal and the timely payment of interest. 
The ratings of the Class B Notes indicate the ultimate 
payment of principal and the timely payment of interest. 
The ratings should not be regarded as a recommendation 
by the Issuer, the Seller, the Servicer (if different from the 
Seller), the Arranger, the Lead Manager, the Security 
Trustee, the Principal Paying Agent, the Interest 
Determination Agent, the Registrar, the Data Protection 
Trustee, the Swap Counterparties, the Account Bank or 
the Rating Agencies to buy, sell or hold the Notes; the 
ratings are subject to revision or withdrawal at any time.

--- Page 61 ---
- 50 - 
 
 
 
 
Discount Rate 
8.60%. 
The Discount Rate shall include an amount equal to the 
Interest Compensation Rate which is available to pay 
Interest Compensation Required Amounts on any 
Payment Date. 
Discount Rate Variation Option 
Under the Receivables Purchase Agreement the Issuer 
grants to the Seller an option to vary the Discount Rate 
with respect to: 
(a) 
the Purchased Receivables included in the 
Portfolio; and 
(b) 
the Additional Receivables to be purchased during 
the Revolving Period. 
See "DESCRIPTION OF THE PORTFOLIO – Variation 
of Discount Rate". 
Discounted Receivables Balance 
The Discounted Receivables Balance means, in respect 
of each Purchased Receivable, its scheduled cash flow 
(including amounts of overdue Principal and interest under 
the relevant Financing Contract) discounted as at the 
relevant date at the Discount Rate. For the avoidance of 
doubt, the Discounted Receivables Balance shall exclude 
a Purchased Receivable which becomes a Written-Off 
Purchased Receivable. 
Further Receivables 
Overcollateralisation Percentage 
2.142 per cent.  
Further Receivables 
Overcollateralisation Percentage 
Variation Option 
Under the Receivables Purchase Agreement the Issuer 
grants to the Seller an option to vary the Further 
Receivables 
Overcollateralisation 
Percentage 
with 
respect to issuances of Further Instruments. 
See "DESCRIPTION OF THE PORTFOLIO – Variation 
of 
Further 
Receivables 
Overcollateralisation 
Percentage". 
Order of Priority 
All payments of the Issuer under the Transaction 
Documents have to be made subject to, and in 
accordance with, the Order of Priority. See "TRUST 
AGREEMENT". 
 
Foreclosure Event 
Any of the following events: 
(a) 
with respect to Driver UK Master S.A. an 
Insolvency Event occurs; or 
(b) 
the Issuer defaults in the payment of any interest 
on the most senior Instrument then outstanding 
when the same becomes due and payable, and 
such default continues for a period of five 
Business Days; or 
(c) 
the Issuer defaults in the payment of principal of 
any Instrument on the Final Maturity Date. 
It is understood that interest and principal on the Notes 
other than interest on the most senior Notes will not be

--- Page 62 ---
- 51 - 
 
 
 
due and payable on any Payment Date prior to the Final 
Maturity Date except to the extent there are sufficient 
funds in the Available Distribution Amount to pay such 
amounts in accordance with the Order of Priority. 
Payment Dates 
Each 25th day of a calendar month or, if such day is not a 
Business Day, then the next following Business Day, 
unless that day falls in the next calendar month, in which 
case the date will be the first preceding day that is a 
Business Day, (each a "Payment Date"). 
 
Business Day 
Business Day means any day on which the T2 System is 
open for business, provided that this day is also a day on 
which banks are open for business in London and 
Luxembourg. 
 
Revolving Period 
The Revolving Period means the period from (and 
including) the Initial Issue Date and ending on (and 
including) the earlier of (i) the Instrument Revolving Period 
Expiration Date of the last outstanding Instrument and (ii) 
the occurrence of an Early Amortisation Event. 
 
Instrument Revolving Period Expiration 
Date 
The Instrument Revolving Period Expiration Date means 
(a) with respect to each Schuldschein Loan the revolving 
period expiration date as specified for such Schuldschein 
Loan in the Loan Conditions; and (b) with respect to each 
Series of Notes the Instrument Revolving Period 
Expiration Date as specified for such Series in the 
applicable Final Terms, or as may have been 
subsequently extended in accordance with the Conditions. 
 
Available Distribution Amount 
The monthly distribution of the Available Distribution 
Amount on each Payment Date in accordance with the 
Order of Priority. The Available Distribution Amount on 
each Payment Date comprises: 
 
(a) 
interest accrued on the Distribution Account and the 
Accumulation Account; plus 
(b) 
amounts received as Collections received or 
collected by the Servicer, inclusive, for avoidance of 
doubt, the Monthly Collateral Part 1 and Monthly 
Collateral Part 2 (after any relevant netting); plus  
(c) 
payments from the Cash Collateral Account as 
provided for in clause 22.2 of the Trust Agreement; 
plus 
(d) 
(i) Net Swap Receipts under the Swap Agreements; 
(ii) where the relevant Swap Agreement has been 
terminated, any Swap Termination Payments due by 
the Issuer to the departing Swap Counterparty have 
been paid, (after returning any Excess Swap 
Collateral to the Swap Counterparty), and no 
replacement Swap Counterparty has been found, an 
amount equal to the lesser of (A) the Swap 
Termination Payments sitting on the Counterparty 
Downgrade Collateral Account received by the 
Issuer and (B) the Net Swap Receipts that would 
have been due from the relevant Swap Counterparty 
on such date assuming that there had been no 
termination of such Swap Agreement; plus

--- Page 63 ---
- 52 - 
 
 
 
(e) 
where the relevant Swap Agreement has been 
terminated, amounts allocated in accordance with 
clause 20.8 of the Trust Agreement; plus 
(f) 
the amounts standing to the credit of the 
Accumulation Account after the preceding Payment 
Date; plus 
(g) 
any amounts provided for or converted into another 
currency which are not used and reconverted (if 
applicable) in accordance with clause 21.7 (Order of 
Priority) of the Trust Agreement; plus 
(h) 
the Interest Compensation Shortfall Redemption 
Amount; plus 
(i) 
the Interest Compensation Ledger Release Amount, 
provided that a Credit Enhancement Increase 
Condition is in effect; plus  
(j) 
the Buffer Top-Up Amount; less 
(k) 
the Buffer Release Amount to be paid to VWFS, 
provided that no Credit Enhancement Increase 
Condition is in effect. 
For the avoidance of doubt, interest accruing on the 
Counterparty Downgrade Collateral Account (other than 
amounts payable under clause 20.9 and clause 20.10 
(Distribution Account; Accumulation Account; Account, 
Counterparty Downgrade Collateral Account; Swap 
Provisions) of the Trust Agreement), to the extent 
established, and the Cash Collateral Account will not form 
part of the Available Distribution Amount. Such accrued 
interest and earned income will be retained on the relevant 
Account and (i) in the case of the Counterparty 
Downgrade Collateral Account, interest accruing in 
respect of amounts other than Swap Termination 
Payments received by the Issuer, be paid to the relevant 
Swap Counterparty in accordance with the Swap 
Agreements; (ii) in the case of the Counterparty 
Downgrade Collateral Account, interest accruing in 
respect of Swap Termination Payments received by the 
Issuer, be paid to the Subordinated Lender and/or VWFS 
in accordance with the priority of payment set out in clause 
20.10 (Distribution Account; Accumulation Account; 
Counterparty Downgrade Collateral Account; Swap 
Provisions) unless otherwise specified in the Trust 
Agreement and (iii) in the case of interest accruing on the 
Cash Collateral Account, form part of the General Cash 
Collateral Amount and will be applied accordingly in 
accordance with clause 22 (Cash Collateral Account) of 
the Trust Agreement. 
Final Maturity Date 
For each Series of Notes, the date specified as such in the 
respective Final Terms. 
 
Distribution Account 
A Distribution Account of the Issuer will be maintained with 
the Distribution Account Bank into which the Servicer will 
remit Collections from the Purchased Receivables on the 
specified times agreed under the Servicing Agreement.

--- Page 64 ---
- 53 - 
 
 
 
Applicable Law 
The Notes are governed by German law. The English 
Transaction Documents are governed by English law, the 
German Transaction Documents are governed by 
German law and certain documents to be entered into in 
relation to Scottish Receivables are governed by Scots 
law. 
 
Tax Status of the Notes 
See "TAXATION". 
 
Selling Restrictions 
See 
"SUBSCRIPTION 
AND 
SALE 
– 
SELLING 
RESTRICTIONS". 
 
Clearing Systems 
Clearstream Luxembourg and Euroclear (see "GENERAL 
INFORMATION – PAYMENT INFORMATION"). 
 
Clearing Codes for the Notes 
The Clearing Codes for the Notes will be set out in the 
relevant Final Terms. 
 
Listing and Admission to Trading 
Application has been made for the Notes to be issued 
under the Programme to be listed on the official list of the 
Luxembourg Stock Exchange and to be admitted to 
trading at the regulated market of the Luxembourg Stock 
Exchange. 
 
 
SCHULDSCHEIN LOANS 
 
Senior Schuldschein Loans and Junior 
Schuldschein Loans 
Under the Programme Agreement, the Issuer may request 
from each Lender an Advance under a Senior 
Schuldschein Loan or a Junior Schuldschein Loan, as 
applicable. Each Schuldschein Loan shall be evidenced 
by certificate of indebtedness (Schuldschein). With 
respect to payment of interest and principal, all Senior 
Schuldschein Loans rank pari passu amongst themselves 
and with all Series of Class A Notes but rank senior to all 
Series of Class B Notes and Junior Schuldschein Loans. 
With respect to payment of interest and principal, all Junior 
Schuldschein Loans rank pari passu amongst themselves 
and with all Series of Class B Notes but rank junior to all 
Series of Class A Notes and the Senior Schuldschein 
Loans. 
 
For the avoidance of doubt, the Schuldschein Loans are 
not subject to and are not offered under this Base 
Prospectus. 
 
Issue Dates 
Senior Schuldschein Loans and Junior Schuldschein 
Loans may be advanced on any Payment Date prior to the 
Programme Maturity Date. 
 
Ratings 
The Senior Schuldschein Loans are rated, to the extent 
rated, AAA (sf) by S&P and AAAsf by Fitch and the Junior 
Schuldschein Loans are rated, to the extent rated, at least 
A+sf by Fitch and at least A+(sf) by S&P. The ratings 
issued by Fitch and S&P have been endorsed by Fitch 
Ratings Ireland Limited and S&P Global Ratings Europe 
Limited, respectively.

--- Page 65 ---
- 54 - 
 
 
 
Applicable Law 
The Schuldschein Loans are governed by German law.  
 
PURCHASED RECEIVABLES 
Purchase of Initial Receivables 
Under the Receivables Purchase Agreement, the Issuer 
will purchase and accept the assignment of the Initial 
Receivables as at the Initial Cut-off Date, which 
Receivables have the characteristics described in 
"DESCRIPTION OF THE PORTFOLIO". 
 
Initial Cut-Off Date 
31 October 2023.  
 
Purchase of Additional Receivables 
The Receivables Purchase Agreement provides that the 
Issuer will, during the Revolving Period, on any Payment 
Date (each an "Additional Purchase Date") apply the 
amount standing to the credit of the Accumulation 
Account, any proceeds obtained by the Issuer from the 
issue of Further Notes and advances under Further Loans 
and any Subordinated Loan Increase Amounts to 
purchase from VWFS any Additional Receivables if and to 
the extent offered by VWFS subject to the fulfilment of 
certain conditions. Such conditions include, inter alia, the 
requirement that (a) the Additional Receivables meet the 
Eligibility Criteria set forth in the Receivables Purchase 
Agreement and (b) that the Additional Receivables are 
subject to the first floating charge pursuant to clause 4 
(Floating Charge) of the Deed of Charge and Assignment. 
Where the Additional Receivables include Scottish 
Receivables, pending perfection under Scots law of such 
sale by duly intimated assignation, VWFS will hold the 
benefit of the Scottish Receivables and the other Scottish 
Trust Property in trust for the benefit of the Issuer on the 
terms of a Scottish Trust. 
 
In addition, at the same time as completion of such sale of 
Receivables originated by VWFS:  
 
(a) 
the Issuer and VWFS will execute a Scottish 
Declaration of Trust in respect of, inter alia, those 
of the relevant Receivables which are Scottish 
Receivables and VWFS will intimate and deliver 
such Scottish Declaration of Trust to the Issuer; 
and   
(b) 
the Issuer will assign the benefit of the Scottish 
Trust so created to the Security Trustee 
substantially in the form of the assignation in 
security as set out in the Deed of Charge and 
Assignment and the Issuer will procure that that 
assignation is intimated to the Seller and 
delivered to the Security Trustee.  
VWFS will further make certain the representations and 
warranties on each such Additional Purchase Date (as 
further described under "DESCRIPTION OF THE 
PORTFOLIO – Representations and Warranties of the 
Seller"). After the Revolving Period, the Issuer will no 
longer purchase and accept assignment of Additional 
Receivables.

--- Page 66 ---
- 55 - 
 
 
 
 
VWFS warrants to the Issuer in the Receivables Purchase 
Agreement that, as at each Purchase Date, all 
Receivables to be sold under the Receivables Purchase 
Agreement meets the Eligibility Criteria set forth in the 
Receivables Purchase Agreement. 
 
Assignment by the Seller to the Issuer of the benefit of the 
Receivables derived from Financing Contracts governed 
by the laws of England and Wales or Northern Ireland will 
take effect in equity only because no notice of the 
assignment will be given to Obligors. The assignment will 
be perfected following the occurrence of certain 
Notification Events. As described above, the Seller holds 
the benefit of the Scottish Receivables in trust for the 
Issuer prior to the occurrence of a Notification Event. 
Following the occurrence of a Notification Event the 
transfer of legal title to any Scottish Receivables to the 
Issuer would be perfected by assignations in favour of the 
Issuer entered into pursuant to the Receivables Purchase 
Agreement perfected by giving notice to the relevant 
Obligors.  
 
Remedy for breach of representation 
and warranty 
Under the Receivables Purchase Agreement, in the event 
of a breach of a warranty given by VWFS in relation to a 
Receivable and such breach materially and adversely 
affects the interests of the Issuer, the Noteholders and/or 
the Lenders, the Seller shall have until the end of the 
Monthly Period which includes the sixtieth (60th) day (or, if 
the Seller elects, an earlier date) after the date that the 
Seller became aware or was notified of such breach to 
cure or correct such breach (the "Cure Period"). The 
Issuer's sole remedy will be to require the Seller to take 
one of the following remedial actions: 
(a) 
remedy the matter giving rise to such breach if 
such is capable of remedy provided that, if a 
remedy within the relevant Cure Period (as 
defined above) is not practicable, the Seller may 
remedy such breach by the last day of the 
following calendar month; or 
(b) 
repurchase the relevant Purchased Receivable at 
a price equal to, or, in case of a breach of clause 
10.1(h) (Warranties and Representations) of the 
Receivables Purchase Agreement, pay to the 
Issuer the Settlement Amount of such Purchased 
Receivable at the end of the calendar month 
immediately preceding such repurchase provided 
that, if it is not practicable to repurchase such 
Purchased Receivable within the relevant Cure 
Period (as defined above), the Seller may 
repurchase such Purchased Receivable on the 
immediately following Payment Date.  
The Servicer shall immediately notify the Issuer and the 
Security Trustee if the Servicer becomes aware of any 
breach of the Seller's representations and warranties set 
out 
in 
clause 
10.1 
or 
10.2 
(Warranties 
and

--- Page 67 ---
- 56 - 
 
 
 
Representations) 
of 
the 
Receivables 
Purchase 
Agreement. 
Additionally, each of the Issuer and Security Trustee agree 
to notify VWFS promptly upon becoming aware of any 
breach of representation or warranty set out in clause 10.1 
(Warranties and Representations) of the Receivables 
Purchase Agreement in relation to a Purchased 
Receivable. This will not constitute an obligation of the 
Issuer and/or the Security Trustee to investigate whether 
any such breach has occurred. 
 
Seller warranty given in respect of itself 
If the Seller breaches any warranty given in respect of 
itself in the Receivables Purchase Agreement as at each 
Additional Purchase Date and the breach materially and 
adversely affects the interests of the Issuer, the 
Noteholders and/or the Lenders, the Issuer may require 
VWFS to remedy the matter giving rise to such breach if 
such matter is capable of remedy provided that, if a 
remedy within the relevant Cure Period (as defined above) 
is not practicable, the Seller may remedy such breach by 
the last day of the following calendar month. The Seller 
also agrees, subject to certain exclusions and limitations, 
to indemnify the Issuer and the Security Trustee for any 
breach of its obligations under the Receivables Purchase 
Agreement and the other Transaction Documents to which 
it is a party, its failure to comply with any applicable law, 
rule or regulation imposed upon it by the laws of England 
and Wales or Scotland or the non-conformity of any 
Financing Contract with such law, rule or regulation or any 
product liability claim for damages for personal injury or 
damage to property or other similar or related claim, 
liability or action proceedings in respect of which are 
commenced in the courts of England and Wales or 
Scotland, arising in connection with any Receivable or 
Vehicle related thereto or Financing Contract. 
Purchased Receivables 
The Initial Receivables will be sold by the Seller pursuant 
to the Receivables Purchase Agreement and arose from 
loans granted to Obligors for the financing of the vehicles 
under 
the 
Financing 
Contracts. 
See 
further 
"DESCRIPTION 
OF 
PORTFOLIO". 
Additional 
Receivables will be sold by VWFS to the Issuer pursuant 
to the Receivables Purchase Agreement, and arise from 
loans granted to Obligors for the financing of vehicles 
under the Financing Contracts. All Receivables to be sold 
under the Receivables Purchase Agreement will meet at 
the relevant Additional Purchase Date the Eligibility 
Criteria set forth in the Receivables Purchase Agreement 
(see 
"DESCRIPTION 
OF 
THE 
PORTFOLIO 
– 
ELIGIBILITY CRITERIA"). 
 
Applicable Law 
The Financing Contracts are governed by the law of 
England and Wales, Scots law or Northern Irish law. 
Form of Financing Contracts 
The Financing Contracts take the form of hire purchase 
agreements ("HP Agreements" or "HP No Balloon"),

--- Page 68 ---
- 57 - 
 
 
 
personal 
contract 
purchase 
agreements 
("PCP 
Agreements" or "PCP") and lease purchase agreements 
("Lease Purchase" or "LP") between VWFS and Obligors. 
HP Agreements 
Mainly entered into with retail Obligors, HP Agreements 
are available for both new and used vehicles. HP 
Agreements contain standard rental terms where an initial 
payment is made and then the balance is amortised in 
substantially equal monthly instalments. At the end of the 
term of the HP Agreement, after an additional "option to 
purchase" fee is paid, the Obligor owns the vehicle. 
PCP Agreements 
PCP Agreements are used for the financing of new and 
used vehicles in the retail market. PCP Agreements are 
similar to HP Agreements but with an additional larger 
"balloon" final rental payment at the end of the term of the 
PCP Agreement, where the Obligor can either settle the 
contract by paying the balloon payment (and thereby 
purchase the vehicle) or, subject to the Vehicle being in a 
condition acceptable to VWFS and within agreed mileage, 
return the Vehicle to VWFS in full and final settlement of 
the PCP Agreement. 
Where the Obligor chooses not to return the Vehicle, title 
in the Vehicle passes to the Obligor when the Obligor pays 
the additional "option to purchase" fee to VWFS (which fee 
does not form part of the Receivables). Where the Obligor 
chooses to return the vehicle, VWFS then acts as the 
Obligor's agent in selling the vehicle and the sale 
proceeds of the vehicle are applied to settle the Final 
Rental Amount. Any surplus on sale in excess of the Final 
Rental Amount is retained by VWFS as a fee for acting as 
the Obligor's agent and is not passed back to the Obligor. 
The sale proceeds of the vehicle, including any surplus on 
sale in excess of the Final Rental Amount, are transferred 
to the Issuer as PCP Recoveries and Enforcement 
Proceeds. Any shortfall between the sale proceeds and 
the Final Rental Amount is not recovered from the Obligor. 
LP Agreements 
Mainly entered into with retail Obligors, LP Agreements 
are available for both new and used vehicles. LP 
Agreements contain standard rental terms where an initial 
payment is made and then the balance is typically 
amortised in monthly instalments but with an additional 
larger "balloon" final rental payment at the end of the term 
of the LP Agreement. At the end of the term of the LP 
Agreement, after payment of the final balloon rental 
payment and an additional option to purchase fee, the 
Obligor will own the vehicle. 
Eligibility Criteria 
VWFS represents and warrants to the Issuer and to the 
Security Trustee, in respect of the Receivables to be sold 
by it under the Receivables Purchase Agreement, that 
each Receivable meets each of the following conditions: 
(a) 
that the purchase of the Receivables may not 
have the result that the Aggregate Discounted 
Receivables 
Balance 
of 
all 
Purchased 
Receivables exceeds the following concentration 
limits with respect to the percentage of 
Discounted Receivables Balance generated 
under Financing Contracts for (i) used vehicles 
(concentration limit: 60 per cent.), (ii) PCP used

--- Page 69 ---
- 58 - 
 
 
 
contracts (concentration limit: 55 per cent) and 
(iii) under Financing Contracts for non-VW group 
brand vehicles (concentration limit: 10 per cent.); 
(b) 
that none of the Obligors is an Affiliate of the 
Seller; 
(c) 
that the related Financing Contracts have been 
entered into exclusively with Obligors which, if 
they are corporate entities have their registered 
office in England, Scotland, Northern Ireland or 
Wales or, if they are individuals have their place 
of residence in England, Scotland, Northern 
Ireland or Wales; 
(d) 
that (according to the Seller's records) no 
pending bankruptcy or insolvency proceedings 
are initiated against any of the Obligors; 
(e) 
that such Purchased Receivable is denominated 
and payable in Sterling; 
(f) 
that no Purchased Receivable is overdue; 
(g) 
that the related Financing Contracts shall be 
governed by the laws of England and Wales, 
Northern Ireland or Scotland (depending on 
where the Obligor is resident or incorporated); 
(h) 
that the relevant Financing Contracts constitute 
legal valid, binding and enforceable agreements 
with full recourse to the Obligor; 
(i) 
that the status and enforceability of the 
Purchased Receivables is not impaired due to 
warranty claims or any other rights of the Obligor 
(even if the Issuer knew or could have known on 
the Cut-Off Date of the existence of such 
defences or rights); 
(j) 
that the status and enforceability of the 
Purchased Receivables is not impaired by set-off 
rights and that no Obligor maintains deposits on 
accounts with VWFS; 
(k) 
that those related Financing Contracts which are 
regulated by the Financial Services and Markets 
Act 2000 (Regulated Activities) Order 2001 
comply in all material respects with the 
requirements of the Consumer Credit Act 1974, 
as amended, (the "CCA"), associated secondary 
legislation on consumer financing and the rules 
in the Consumer Credit Sourcebook within the 
FCA Handbook and, in particular contain legally 
accurate instructions in respect of the right of 
revocation of the Obligors and that none of the 
Obligors has used its right of revocation within 
the term of revocation; 
(l) 
that such Purchased Receivable arises under a 
Financing Contract that (a) contains an obligation 
to pay a specified sum of money and is subject 
to no contingencies (other than an obligation to

--- Page 70 ---
- 59 - 
 
 
 
pay interest on overdue amounts), (b) does not 
require the Obligor under such Financing 
Contract to consent to the transfer, sale or 
assignment of the rights and duties of the Seller 
under such Financing Contract or to the sale to a 
third party of the Vehicle the subject thereof, and 
(c) does not contain a confidentiality provision 
that purports to restrict the Purchaser's or the 
Security Trustee's exercise of rights under the 
Receivables Purchase Agreement, including, 
without limitation, the right to review such 
Financing Contract; 
(m) 
that it can dispose of the Purchased Receivables 
free from rights of third parties and, to the best of 
the 
Seller's 
knowledge, 
the 
Purchased 
Receivables are not in a condition that can be 
foreseen to adversely affect the enforceability of 
the assignment; 
(n) 
the Seller is the legal and beneficial owner, free 
from any Security Interest, of the Purchased 
Receivables; 
(o) 
that such Purchased Receivable was generated 
in the ordinary course of the Seller's business 
from the sale of goods or provision of credit or 
other services to the relevant Obligor and the 
related Financing Contract was entered into in 
accordance with the Customary Operating 
Practices; 
(p) 
that other than the right to make partial early 
repayments as provided for in the CCA, there are 
no provisions in the Financing Contract related to 
such Purchased Receivable whereby the Obligor 
may reduce the amount of such Purchased 
Receivable payable by the Obligor below the 
level of the stated payments as at the date of 
commencement of such Financing Contract 
(excluding any change as a result of any change 
in the rate of Value Added Tax or the corporation 
tax or capital allowances regimes). However, at 
the discretion of the Servicer and in accordance 
with its Customary Operating Practices, the 
Obligor may be given an option to reschedule 
repayments in a manner that increases or 
decreases the term of such Financing Contract 
and the consequential finance income; provided, 
that the total capital repayment shall not be 
impacted by any such measure; 
(q) 
that the Seller had at the time of origination of the 
Financing Contract under which such Purchased 
Receivable arises the necessary licences 
pursuant to the CCA, the necessary interim 
permissions pursuant to the Financial Services 
and Markets Act 2000 and as at the date of the 
Receivables Purchase Agreement has the 
necessary permissions pursuant to the Financial 
Services and Markets Act 2000, and each 
Financing Contract that is regulated by the 
Financial Services and Markets Act 2000

--- Page 71 ---
- 60 - 
 
 
 
(Regulated Activities) Order 2001 complies with 
the CCA, any statutory instrument or regulation 
made thereunder and the rules in the Consumer 
Credit Sourcebook within the FCA Handbook, 
and the Seller has not done anything that would 
cause such Purchased Receivable to be 
unenforceable under the CCA; 
(r) 
that on the relevant Cut-Off Date at least one 
instalment has been paid in respect of each of 
the Purchased Receivables and that the 
Purchased Receivables require substantially 
equal monthly payments to be made within 
seventy-two (72) months of the date of 
origination of the Financing Contract and may 
also provide for a final balloon payment; 
(s) 
that the Seller has complied with all material laws 
and regulations under the Data Protection Rules 
with respect to such Purchased Receivable; 
(t) 
that the terms of the Financing Contract related 
to such Purchased Receivable require the 
Obligor to pay all insurance, repair/maintenance 
and taxes with respect to the related Vehicle; 
(u) 
that the Vehicle related to such Purchased 
Receivable is not recorded in the records of the 
Servicer as at such Purchase Date as having 
been (a) a total loss for insurance purposes or (b) 
stolen; 
(v) 
that the purchase of Receivables may not have 
the result that the total outstanding amount (for 
the avoidance of doubt, this refers to the 
Aggregate Discounted Receivables Balance) of 
Purchased Receivables resulting from Financing 
Contracts with one and the same Obligor 
exceeds 0.5% of the Aggregate Discounted 
Receivables Balance;  
(w) 
that each of the Purchased Receivables will 
mature no earlier than six (6) months and no later 
than seventy-one (71) months after the Cut-Off 
Date;  
(x) 
that applicable details of the Vehicle relating to 
such Purchased Receivable and the relevant 
motor finance contract have been submitted by 
VWFS for registration with HP Information Ltd; 
and 
(y) 
that the Obligor related to the Purchased 
Receivable is not: 
(i) 
an Obligor who VWFS considers as 
unlikely to pay its obligations to VWFS 
and/or to an Obligor who is past due more 
than 90 days on any material credit 
obligation to VWFS; or 
(ii) 
a credit-impaired Obligor or guarantor 
who, on the basis of information obtained

--- Page 72 ---
- 61 - 
 
 
 
(i) from the Obligor of the relevant 
Receivable, (ii) in the course of VWFS' 
servicing of the Receivables or VWFS' risk 
management procedures, or (iii) from a 
third party: 
(1) 
has been declared insolvent or had 
a court grant his creditors a final 
non-appealable 
right 
of 
enforcement or material damages 
as a result of a missed payment 
within three years prior to the date 
of origination or has undergone a 
debt-restructuring 
process 
with 
regard 
to 
his 
non-performing 
exposures within three years prior 
to the date of transfer of the 
Purchased Receivables to the 
Issuer; 
(2) 
was, at the time of origination, 
where applicable, on a public credit 
registry of persons with adverse 
credit history or, where there is no 
such public credit registry, another 
credit registry that is available to 
VWFS; or 
(3) 
has a credit assessment or a credit 
score indicating that the risk of 
contractually agreed payments not 
being made is significantly higher 
than for comparable receivables 
held by VWFS which are not 
securitised. 
Collections 
With respect to any Purchased Receivable, the following 
amounts received during the Monthly Period: 
(a) 
all payments received by the Servicer related to 
such Purchased Receivable in the form of cash, 
cheques, SWIFT payments, wire transfers, direct 
debits, bank giro credits or other form of payment 
made by an Obligor in respect of such Purchased 
Receivable, including PCP Recoveries, excess 
mileage charges, Enforcement Proceeds and 
Insurance 
Proceeds 
and 
any 
Written-Off 
Purchased Receivable Repurchase Price;  
(b) 
any payments received by the Servicer under any 
Ancillary Rights related to such Purchased 
Receivable; 
(c) 
any and all amounts received by the Servicer (or 
the Seller) (after expenses of recovery, repair and 
sale in accordance with Customary Operating 
Practices) in connection with any sale or other 
disposition of the Vehicle related to such 
Purchased Receivable, including, except where 
included in (d) below, an amount equal to any VAT 
adjustment under regulation 38 of the Value Added 
Tax Regulations 1995 that the Seller (or, the 
Servicer, exercising the Ancillary Rights assigned

--- Page 73 ---
- 62 - 
 
 
 
to the Issuer on the Issuer's behalf) is entitled to 
make in connection with any Vehicle related to 
such Purchased Receivable not including any 
amount in respect of VAT for which the Seller is 
required to account to the relevant tax authority in 
relation to such sale or other disposition;  
(d) 
any payments received by the Servicer (or the 
Seller) by way of recoveries in respect of any such 
Purchased Receivable that has become a 
Defaulted Receivable or a Terminated Receivable 
including an amount equal to any VAT adjustment 
under regulation 38 of the Value Added Tax 
Regulations 1995 that the Seller (or, the Servicer, 
exercising the Ancillary Rights assigned to the 
Issuer on the Issuer's behalf) is entitled to make in 
connection with any Vehicle related to such 
Purchased Receivable; plus 
(e) 
the aggregate Settlement Amounts paid by VWFS 
to the Issuer on such Payment Date pursuant to 
clause 11 (Repurchase) of the Receivables 
Purchase Agreement or any payment received by 
the Issuer on such Payment Date pursuant to 
clause 12 (Payment for non-existent Receivables) 
of the Receivables Purchase Agreement and 
clause 3 (Redelivery Repurchase Price) of the 
Redelivery Repurchase Agreement; 
but shall not include any payments constituting Excluded 
Amounts. For the avoidance of doubt, following the 
Monthly Collateral Start Date, Collections shall include the 
Monthly Collateral Part 1 and Monthly Collateral Part 2 
posted by VWFS onto the Distribution Account in 
accordance with its obligations under the Servicing 
Agreement, as adjusted to reflect actual Collections 
received in respect of the relevant Monthly Period. 
Ancillary Rights 
Means, in relation to a Purchased Receivable, all 
remedies for enforcing the same including, for the 
avoidance of doubt and without limitation: 
(a) the right to demand, sue for, recover, receive and 
give receipts for all amounts due and to become 
due whether or not from Obligors or guarantors 
under or relating to the Financing Contract to 
which such Purchased Receivable relates and all 
guarantees (if any) (including, for the avoidance 
of doubt, any Enforcement Proceeds received by 
the Seller or its agents); 
 
(b) the benefit of all covenants and undertakings 
from Obligors and from guarantors under the 
Financing Contract to which such Receivable 
relates and under all guarantees (if any); 
 
(c) the benefit of all causes and rights of actions 
against Obligors and guarantors under and 
relating to the Financing Contract to which such 
Receivable relates and under and relating to all 
guarantees (if any);

--- Page 74 ---
- 63 - 
 
 
 
(d) the benefit of any other rights, title, interest, 
powers and benefits of the Seller into, under, 
pursuant to or in relation to such Financing 
Contract (including the right (but not the 
obligation) to make any VAT adjustment under 
regulation 38 of the Value Added Tax Regulations 
1995 that the Seller would otherwise be entitled 
to make in connection with any Vehicle related to 
such Purchased Receivable) other than rights 
specifically relating to the Vehicle itself (with such 
rights specifically relating to the Vehicle including, 
without limitation, the right of ownership but 
excluding the rights to any PCP Recoveries and 
(as referred to above) to any VAT adjustment 
under regulation 38 of the Value Added Tax 
Regulations 1995); 
 
(e) any Insurance Proceeds received by the Seller or 
its agents pursuant to Insurance Claims in each 
case insofar as the same relate to the Financing 
Contract to which such Receivable relates; plus 
 
(f) the benefit of any rights, title, interest, powers and 
benefits of the Seller in and to PCP Recoveries 
 
Excluded Amounts 
Comprise the following, which are not sold to the Issuer: 
(a) any Supplemental Servicer Fee, (b) any credit 
protection, asset value or other insurance premiums 
payable by Obligors to the relevant insurers via the 
Servicer, (c) the VAT Component on payments received 
by the Servicer, (d) any amounts (together with any VAT 
thereon) payable by an Obligor in respect of refurbishment 
charges, wear-and-tear and other similar types of 
recoveries and charges (other than excess mileage 
charges); (e) any amount of VAT payable by an Obligor in 
respect of excess mileage charges, (f) any option to 
purchase fee specified in the Financing Contract; and (g) 
any cashflows from maintenance contracts. 
Interest Compensation Available 
Amount 
The element of the Discount Rate which with respect to 
any Payment Date is available to compensate the Issuer 
for interest shortfalls suffered by the Issuer as a result of 
the Early Settlement of Purchased Receivables during the 
relevant Monthly Period. The Interest Compensation 
Available Amount shall be calculated on each Payment 
Date as the product of (a) the Interest Compensation Rate 
divided by 12, and (b) the Future Discounted Receivables 
Balance.  
Interest Compensation Ledger 
Allocable Amount 
On each Payment Date an amount equal to the excess of 
the Interest Compensation Surplus Amount over the sum 
of (i) Buffer Top-Up Shortfall Amount and (ii) an amount 
equal to any shortfall on the Interest Compensation 
Ledger to meet the Interest Compensation Ledger 
Targeted Amount, if any, which shall be credited to the 
Interest Compensation Ledger outside the Order of 
Priority. 
Interest Compensation Interim Amount 
On each Payment Date an amount equal to the difference 
between the Interest Compensation Available Amount and 
the Interest Compensation Required Amount. If the 
Interest Compensation Interim Amount is a negative then 
an amount equal to the negative difference shall be

--- Page 75 ---
- 64 - 
 
 
 
classified 
as 
"Interest 
Compensation 
Shortfall 
Amount". If an Interest Compensation Shortfall Amount 
exists a drawing from the Interest Compensation Ledger 
shall be made in an amount equal to the Interest 
Compensation Shortfall Amount, until the balance of the 
Interest Compensation Ledger is equal to zero and such 
amount shall be classified as "Interest Compensation 
Shortfall Redemption Amount" and shall form part of the 
Available 
Distribution 
Amount. 
If 
the 
Interest 
Compensation Interim Amount is positive then such 
positive amount shall be classified as "Interest 
Compensation Surplus Amount" which may be 
released to VWFS or the Issuer in accordance with the 
definition of Interest Compensation Ledger Allocable 
Amount. 
 
Interest Compensation Required 
Amount 
On each Payment Date the aggregate amount for all 
Financing Contracts that have been subject to Early 
Settlement during the relevant Monthly Period calculated 
as the Discounted Receivables Balance for the Financing 
Contract subject to Early Settlement less the net present 
value of the future payments for the same Financing 
Contract calculated using the relevant internal rate of 
return (rather than the Discount Rate). 
Interest Compensation Ledger 
The ledger maintained on the Cash Collateral Account. 
The Interest Compensation Ledger will not form part of the 
General 
Cash 
Collateral 
Amount. 
The 
Interest 
Compensation Ledger will be available to pay Interest 
Compensation Shortfall Redemption Amount on any 
Payment Date. VWFS will be entitled to receive any 
Interest Compensation Ledger Release Amounts outside 
of the Order of Priority prior to the occurrence of a Credit 
Enhancement Increase Condition. Upon the occurrence of 
a Credit Enhancement Increase Condition the Interest 
Compensation Ledger Release Amount will form part of 
the Available Distribution Amount.  
Interest Compensation Ledger Release 
Amount 
Means: 
(a) 
if no Credit Enhancement Increase Condition is in 
effect: 
(i) 
on any Payment Date prior to the exercise of 
the Clean-Up Call Option, the amount 
standing to the credit of the Interest 
Compensation Ledger in excess of the 
Interest Compensation Ledger Targeted 
Amount; or 
(ii) 
following the exercise of the Clean-Up Call 
Option, the balance standing to the credit of 
the Interest Compensation Ledger, 
which shall be paid to the Seller; and 
(b) 
if a Credit Enhancement Increase Condition is in 
effect, the balance standing to the credit of the 
Interest Compensation Ledger will form part of the 
Available Distribution Amount.

--- Page 76 ---
- 65 - 
 
 
 
Interest Compensation Ledger Targeted 
Amount 
means GBP 4,000,000. 
Buffer Top-Up Amount 
On any Payment Date and subject to the Buffer Top-Up 
Conditions being satisfied, the Buffer Top-Up Amount will 
be included as part of the Available Distribution Amount 
and available to be applied in accordance with the Order 
of Priority to compensate for any Buffer Top-Up Shortfall 
Amount on such date.  
The Buffer Top-Up Amount shall be calculated as the 
lesser of: 
(a) 
the Interest Compensation Surplus Amount; and 
(b) 
the Buffer Top-Up Shortfall Amount, 
For the avoidance of doubt, if on any Payment Date the 
Buffer Top-Up Conditions are not satisfied the Buffer Top-
Up Amount shall be equal to zero. 
Buffer Top-Up Conditions 
is deemed to be in effect, on the relevant Payment Date, 
if: 
(a) 
an Interest Compensation Surplus Amount exists; 
and 
(b) 
prior to the exercise of the Clean-Up Call, the 
balance standing to the credit of the Interest 
Compensation Ledger is at least equal to the 
Interest Compensation Ledger Targeted Amount 
or will after having deducted from the Interest 
Compensation Surplus Amount an amount equal 
to the shortfall on the Interest Compensation 
Ledger to meet the Interest Compensation Ledger 
Targeted Amount prior to the deduction of the 
Buffer Top-Up Shortfall Amount from the Interest 
Compensation Surplus Amount.  
Buffer Top-Up Shortfall Amount 
means, on any Payment Date, the product of: 
(a) 
the Future Discounted Receivables Balance; and  
(b) 
the Buffer Top-Up Shortfall Rate. 
Buffer Top-Up Shortfall Rate 
means, on any Payment Date, (a) a percentage rate per 
annum calculated as (i) the weighted average (calculated 
based on the outstanding principal amount of the Notes 
and the outstanding principal amount of the Subordinated 
Loan at the end of the Monthly Period) of the fixed rates 
(stated as a percentage) payable by the Issuer under the 
Swap Agreements and the Subordinated Loan, plus (ii) the 
Servicer Fee at a rate of 1 per cent. per annum, plus (iii) 
0.03 per cent. for any administrative cost and fees plus (iv) 
the Interest Compensation Rate, minus (v) the Discount 
Rate, divided by (b) 12, provided that the rate so 
calculated may in no event be less than zero. 
Retained Profit Ledger 
The Issuer will establish the Retained Profit Ledger on the 
Closing Date. On each Payment Date the Retained Profit 
Ledger will be credited with the Retained Profit Amount in 
accordance with the applicable Order of Priority. Amounts 
may be debited from the Retained Profit Ledger from time

--- Page 77 ---
- 66 - 
 
 
 
to time to pay corporate income taxes in respect of the 
Retained Profit Amount and for any dividend payments to 
the Issuer's shareholder. 
Redelivery Repurchase Agreement 
The Issuer will enter into a Redelivery Repurchase 
Agreement with VWFS. Subject to an Insolvency Event 
not having occurred in respect of VWFS if, on any day 
during a Monthly Period, a Financing Contract related to a 
Purchased Receivable becomes a Redelivery Financing 
Contract 
(such 
Purchased 
Receivable 
being 
a 
"Redelivery Purchased Receivable"), then on the 
Payment Date falling after the end of such Monthly Period 
(or, at the option of VWFS, on the second Payment Date 
falling after the end of such Monthly Period) (such date 
being the "Redelivery Repurchase Date") VWFS shall 
repurchase the Redelivery Purchased Receivable from 
the Issuer for a price equal to the Redelivery Repurchase 
Price. The Redelivery Repurchase Price is an amount 
equal to (i) the outstanding principal balance of a 
Redelivery Purchased Receivable as at the first day of the 
Monthly Period in which such Purchased Receivable 
becomes a Redelivery Purchased Receivable together 
with any arrears outstanding on such date but excluding 
any future interest payments (calculated on the basis of 
the Obligor internal rate of return) multiplied by (ii) one (1) 
minus the Replenished Receivables Overcollateralisation 
Percentage. 
Written-Off Purchased Receivables 
If during any Monthly Period, the Seller classifies any 
Purchased Receivable under a Financing Contract as a 
Written-Off Purchased Receivable, it may repurchase 
from the Issuer the benefit of all such Written-Off 
Purchased Receivables on the following Payment Date (or 
on any Payment Date thereafter) and on the Payment 
Date on which such Written-Off Purchased Receivable is 
repurchased pay consideration of £1 per Purchased 
Receivable so repurchased, paid into the Distribution 
Account in arrear on such Payment Date.  
 
 
THE SECURITY 
Security for the obligations of the 
Issuer 
The Issuer, acting for and on behalf of its Compartment 7 
will enter into a Trust Agreement, a Deed of Charge and 
Assignment and an assignation in security, governed by 
the laws of Germany, England and Scotland, as 
applicable.  
 
Under the Trust Agreement, the Issuer has instructed and 
authorised the Security Trustee to act as trustee 
(Treuhänder) for the benefit of the Transaction Creditors 
pursuant to the terms of the Trust Agreement and the 
Deed of Charge and Assignment.  
 
In the Trust Agreement, the Issuer undertakes to pay the 
Security Trustee, under the same terms and conditions, 
an amount equal to the aggregate of all its undertakings, 
liabilities and obligations to all the Transaction Creditors 
(including the holders of the Notes) pursuant to the 
Transaction Documents (the "Trustee Claim").

--- Page 78 ---
- 67 - 
 
 
 
 
 
To provide collateral for the respective Trustee Claim, the 
Issuer assigns to the Security Trustee all its claims and 
other rights arising from the German Transaction 
Documents (with the exception of claims and other rights 
arising from the Trust Agreement) for the avoidance of 
doubt (including the rights to unilaterally alter a legal 
relationship (unselbständige Gestaltungsrechte)) and 
from all present and future German law contracts the 
Issuer has entered or may enter into in connection with the 
Transaction Documents. 
 
 
In addition, the Issuer pledges to the Security Trustee all 
its present and future claims against the Security Trustee 
arising under the Trust Agreement.  
In addition, the Instruments are secured and share the 
same Security with the other Secured Obligations of the 
Issuer as set out in the Deed of Charge and Assignment 
(as supplemented) and the Assignation in Security.  
The Security granted by the Issuer pursuant to the Deed 
of Charge and Assignment and the supplements thereto 
includes: 
 
 
(a) 
an assignment by way of first fixed security of the 
Benefit of all of its present and future right, title 
and interest to, in and under the English 
Receivables and the Northern Irish Receivables; 
 
(b) 
an assignment by way of first fixed security of the 
Benefit of all of its present and future right, title 
and interest to, in and under: 
 
(i) 
the Charged Transaction Documents; 
 
(ii) 
each other contract, agreement, deed 
and document, present and future, to 
which the Issuer is or becomes a party, 
including, without limitation, all rights to 
receive payment of any amounts which 
may become payable to the Issuer 
thereunder and all payments received 
by the Issuer thereunder from time to 
time, all rights to serve notices and/or 
make demands thereunder and/or to 
take such steps as are required to cause 
payments to become due and payable 
thereunder and all rights of action in 
respect of any breach thereof and all 
rights to receive damages or obtain 
other relief in respect thereof; 
 
(c) 
a first fixed charge over the Benefit of the 
Accounts of the Issuer, other than any such 
accounts situated outside England and Wales 
(and any replacement therefor), and all of its 
other book debts, present and future, the 
proceeds of the same and all other moneys due 
and payable to it and the benefit of all rights,

--- Page 79 ---
- 68 - 
 
 
 
securities and guarantees of any nature enjoyed 
or held by it in relation to any of the foregoing; and 
 
(d) 
a first floating charge over the whole of the 
Issuer's undertaking and all the Issuer's property, 
assets and rights whatsoever and wheresoever 
present and future including the Issuer's uncalled 
capital (excluding any property or assets from 
time to time or for the time being effectively 
charged by way of fixed charge or assigned by 
way of security, but excepting from the foregoing 
exclusion the whole of the Issuer's undertaking, 
property assets and rights situated in Scotland or 
otherwise governed by Scots law all of which are 
charged by the floating charge). 
 
In addition, as continuing security for the payment or 
discharge of the Secured Obligations, the Issuer granted 
and will grant Assignations in Security in favour of the 
Security Trustee, for itself and on trust for the Transaction 
Creditors relative to the Scottish Declarations of Trust 
under which VWFS holds and will hold in trust for the 
Issuer all its present and future rights, title and interest in, 
to and under, inter alia, the Scottish Receivables. 
 
 
IMPORTANT TRANSACTION 
DOCUMENTS AND TRANSACTION FEATURES 
Servicing Agreement 
Under the Servicing Agreement between the Issuer, the 
Security Trustee and VWFS, VWFS, inter alia, agrees to: 
 
 
(a) 
service and collect the Purchased Receivables in 
accordance with the Servicing Agreement; 
 
(b) 
transfer to the Distribution Account of the Issuer 
on each Payment Date the Collections for the 
relevant Monthly Period; 
 
(c) 
undertake 
to 
facilitate 
Bank 
of 
England, 
Securitisation Regulation and EMIR reporting for 
the Issuer; and 
(d) 
perform other tasks incidental to the above.  
Servicer Replacement Event 
Any of the following events (each a "Servicer 
Replacement Event"): 
(a) 
the Servicer fails to make any payment or deposit to 
be made by it to the Distribution Account and such 
failure to pay has not been remedied within five (5) 
Business Days after the earliest of (i) receipt by the 
Servicer of a written notice from the Issuer or any 
Lender or Noteholder or (ii) the Servicer becoming 
aware of such failure to pay; 
(b) 
the Servicer fails to perform or observe in any 
material respect any material term, covenant or 
agreement hereunder applicable to it (other than as 
referred to in paragraph (a) above) and such failure

--- Page 80 ---
- 69 - 
 
 
 
shall remain unremedied for sixty (60) days (or if 
such failure is not capable of remedy, in the 
Servicer's sole discretion, five Business Days) after 
receipt by the Servicer of written notice from the 
Issuer or any Lender or Noteholder requiring the 
failure to be remedied, (which Servicer Replacement 
Event shall be deemed to occur only upon the last 
day of the relevant period); 
(c) 
any material written representation or warranty 
made by the Servicer in its capacity as such in the 
Servicing Agreement or any of the Transaction 
Documents proves to have been incorrect, in any 
material respect, when made or deemed to be made 
by reference to the facts and circumstances then 
subsisting (provided, that repurchase or exchange of 
a Receivable by VWFS in accordance with the 
Receivables Purchase Agreement shall be deemed 
to remedy such circumstances with respect to such 
Receivable), and such incorrect representation or 
warranty shall remain unremedied for sixty (60) days 
(or, if such failure is not capable of remedy, in the 
Servicer's sole discretion, five Business Days) after 
receipt by the Servicer of written notice from the 
Issuer or any Lender or Noteholder requiring the 
circumstances causing or responsible for such 
misrepresentation to be remedied (which Servicer 
Replacement Event shall be deemed to occur only 
upon the last day of the relevant period); 
(d) 
the Servicer becomes subject to an Insolvency 
Event; or 
(e) 
the Servicer fails to renew, or suffers the revocation 
of, the necessary permissions pursuant to the 
Financial Services and Markets Act 2000 or licences 
to conduct its business under the Data Protection 
Rules, and such authorisations or licences are not 
replaced or reinstated within sixty days,  
provided, however, that if a Servicer Replacement Event 
referred to under paragraph (a) to (c) above has occurred 
and was caused by an event beyond the reasonable 
control of the Servicer and if the respective delay or failure 
of performance is cured within a period of 150 days from 
the date on which the original failure to make payment, 
breach of term, covenant or agreement or breach of 
representation or warranty referred to under paragraph (a) 
to (c) occurred, a Servicer Replacement Event will be 
deemed not to have occurred. 
Account Agreement 
Under the terms of the Account Agreement, the Issuer 
holds the Accumulation Account with the Accumulation 
Account Bank, the Distribution Account with the 
Distribution Account Bank, each Counterparty Downgrade 
Collateral Account with the Counterparty Downgrade

--- Page 81 ---
- 70 - 
 
 
 
Collateral Account Bank and the Cash Collateral Account 
with the Cash Collateral Account Bank. 
Should the Account Bank cease to have the Account Bank 
Required Ratings or fail to obtain or maintain an Account 
Bank Required Guarantee, the Account Bank shall 
promptly notify the Issuer and the Security Trustee thereof 
and at its own cost (for the avoidance of doubt, this shall 
cover the legal fees as separately agreed in a side letter 
between, amongst others, the Issuer and the Account 
Bank), the Account Bank shall use all endeavours within 
its control during the remedy period as specified by the 
relevant Rating Agency which on the date of this 
Agreement is sixty (60) calendar days to assist the Issuer 
operationally to, and the Issuer shall: (i) transfer the 
Accounts held with it to an Eligible Collateral Bank or (ii) 
find an irrevocable and unconditional guarantor providing 
the Account Bank Required Guarantee. 
Cash Collateral Account 
On the Initial Issue Date, the Issuer will deposit GBP 
61,055,150 in the Cash Collateral Account as the Initial 
Cash Collateral Amount. The General Cash Collateral 
Amount shall equal at least the Specified General Cash 
Collateral Account Balance on each Payment Date. 
Counterparty Downgrade Collateral 
Account 
Each counterparty downgrade collateral account of the 
Issuer will be established with the Counterparty 
Downgrade Collateral Account Bank upon the downgrade 
of a Swap Counterparty's rating within ten (10) Business 
Days for collateral provided by the relevant Swap 
Counterparty pursuant to the Swap Agreements. Any cash 
collateral or securities collateral posted to such 
Counterparty Downgrade Collateral Account as a result of 
a ratings downgrade of the relevant Swap Counterparty 
shall be recorded on a specific collateral ledger and any 
cash collateral shall bear interest. Such collateral shall be 
segregated from the Distribution Account and from the 
general cash flow of the Issuer and shall not constitute 
Collections. Collateral posted to such Counterparty 
Downgrade Collateral Account is solely for the purposes 
of, and in connection with, collateralising the Swap 
Agreements.  
Monthly Collateral  
For the purposes of the below, the "Monthly Remittance 
Condition" shall no longer be satisfied if any of the 
following events occur:  
(a) 
(i)(A) Volkswagen AG no longer has a 
short-term rating for unsecured and 
unguaranteed debt of at least "F2" by Fitch 
or (B) Volkswagen AG no longer has a 
long-term 
rating 
for 
unsecured 
and 
unguaranteed debt of at least "BBB" by 
Fitch; or (ii) the profit and loss sharing 
agreement 
(Gewinnabführungsvertrag) 
between Volkswagen AG and the parent of 
Volkswagen Finance Overseas B.V. such 
parent company being in turn the parent of 
the Servicer (or any of its successors 
within the VW Group as parent of the 
Servicer, as applicable) ceases to be in 
effect or (iii) either (A) the Parent (or any of 
its successors within the VW Group as

--- Page 82 ---
- 71 - 
 
 
 
parent of Volkswagen Finance Overseas 
B.V.) holds less than 100 per cent. of the 
shares of Volkswagen Finance Overseas 
B.V. (or any of its successors within the 
VW Group as parent of the Servicer), or (B) 
Volkswagen Finance Overseas B.V. (or 
any of its successors within the VW Group 
as parent of the Servicer) holds less than 
100 per cent. of the shares of VWFS; or  
(b) 
either the parent of Volkswagen Finance 
Overseas B.V. such parent company 
being in turn the parent of the Servicer (or 
any of its successors within the VW Group 
as parent of the Servicer, as applicable) 
(A) (i) no longer has a short-term rating for 
unsecured and un-guaranteed debt of at 
least "A-2" from S&P or a long-term rating 
for unsecured and unguaranteed debt of 
at least "BBB" from S&P, or (ii) where the 
parent of Volkswagen Finance Overseas 
B.V. such parent company being in turn 
the parent of the Servicer (or any of its 
successors within the VW Group as 
parent  of the Servicer, as applicable) is 
not the subject of an S&P short-term 
rating, a long-term rating for unsecured 
and unguaranteed debt of at least "BBB+" 
from S&P, or (iii) S&P notifies the Issuer 
and/or the Servicer that VWFS is no 
longer 
deemed 
eligible 
under 
the 
applicable rating criteria by S&P or (B) the 
profit 
and 
loss 
sharing 
agreement 
(Gewinnabführungsvertrag) 
between 
Volkswagen AG and the parent of 
Volkswagen Finance Overseas B.V. such 
parent company being in turn the parent of 
the Servicer (or any of its successors 
within the VW Group as parent of the 
Servicer, as applicable) ceases to be in 
effect. 
VWFS, in its capacity as the Servicer, will be entitled to 
commingle funds representing Collections with its own 
funds during each Monthly Period in accordance with the 
following procedure: 
(a) 
if and as long as the Monthly Remittance 
Condition is satisfied, VWFS will be entitled to 
commingle funds representing Collections with its 
own funds during each Monthly Period and will be 
required to make a single transfer of such 
Collections to the Distribution Account on the 
relevant Payment Date;  
(b) 
if and as long as the Monthly Remittance 
Condition is not satisfied, VWFS will be entitled to 
commingle funds representing Collections with its 
own funds during each Monthly Period provided 
that, no later than fourteen (14) calendar days 
after the first day on which the Monthly Remittance

--- Page 83 ---
- 72 - 
 
 
 
Condition has not been satisfied (the "Monthly 
Collateral Start Date"), VWFS shall: 
(i) 
advance an amount equal to sum of the 
Monthly Collateral Part 1 and the Monthly 
Collateral Part 2 for the Monthly Period in 
which the Monthly Collateral Start Date falls 
plus, if the Monthly Collateral Start Date 
falls on a date prior to the Payment Date 
falling in such Monthly Period, an amount 
equal to sum of the Monthly Collateral Part 
1 and the Monthly Collateral Part 2 in 
respect of the preceding Monthly Period;   
(ii) 
for any subsequent Monthly Period in which 
the 
Monthly 
Remittance 
Condition 
continues to not be satisfied (save in 
respect of any Monthly Collateral posted 
under limb (b)(i) above): 
(1) 
on the fifteenth (15th) calendar day of 
the month preceding the first day of 
such Monthly Period, determine the 
amount representing the Monthly 
Collateral Part 1 in respect of the 
Monthly Period relating to such 
Payment Date and advance an 
amount 
equal 
to 
the 
Monthly 
Collateral Part 1 to the Distribution 
Account to be retained until the 
Payment Date relating to such 
Monthly Period; and  
(2) 
on the first (1st) calendar day of the 
Monthly Period relating to such 
Payment 
Date, 
determine 
the 
amount representing the Monthly 
Collateral Part 2 in respect of the 
Monthly Period relating to such 
Payment Date and advance an 
amount 
equal 
to 
the 
Monthly 
Collateral Part 2 to the Distribution 
Account to be retained until the 
Payment Date relating to such 
Monthly Period; 
(c) 
provided it complies with its posting obligations in 
paragraph (b) above and its obligation to transfer 
Collections to the Distribution Account on the 
relevant Payment Date in accordance with the 
Servicing Agreement, VWFS will be entitled to 
hold, use and invest at its own risk the Collections 
without segregating such funds from its other 
funds and VWFS will be required to make a single 
transfer of Collections and other amounts 
collected by it to the Distribution Account on the 
relevant Payment Date. Otherwise, Collections 
and other amounts collected by it will be required 
to be remitted by it to the Distribution Account on 
the third Business Day after receipt of such 
amounts;

--- Page 84 ---
- 73 - 
 
 
 
(d) 
on any Payment Date, VWFS' obligation to pay 
Collections for the relevant Monthly Period into the 
Distribution Account may be netted against its 
claim for repayment of the Monthly Collateral Part 
1 and the Monthly Collateral Part 2 for such 
Monthly Period and such Monthly Collateral Part 1 
and Monthly Collateral Part 2 (after netting) will 
form part of the Available Distribution Amount on 
such Payment Date. If for such Monthly Period the 
Servicer Report shows (a) that the sum of the 
Monthly Collateral Part 1 and the Monthly 
Collateral Part 2 which has been transferred to the 
Distribution Account by VWFS for the relevant 
Monthly Period exceeds the Collections received 
by VWFS for such Monthly Period, such excess 
amount shall be released to VWFS outside the 
Order of Priority on the relevant Payment Date or 
(b) that the Collections received by VWFS for such 
Monthly Period exceed the sum of Monthly 
Collateral Part 1 and the Monthly Collateral Part 2 
which has been transferred by VWFS for the 
relevant Monthly Period, an amount equal to such 
excess shall be paid into the Distribution Account 
by VWFS on the relevant Payment Date; and 
(e) 
if the Monthly Remittance Condition is satisfied 
again, any Monthly Collateral Part 1 and Monthly 
Collateral Part 2 standing to the credit of the 
Distribution Account shall be released to VWFS 
outside the Order of Priority on the next Payment 
Date following such satisfaction. 
Subordinated Loan 
The Subordinated Lender will grant the Subordinated 
Loan in a total initial nominal amount of GBP 
635,120,529.50 to the Issuer on the Closing Date. Subject 
to the terms of the Subordinated Loan Agreement, the 
Subordinated Lender may agree from time to time to grant 
additional advances up to an total amount of the 
Subordinated Loan of GBP 750,000,000, provided that the 
Subordinated Lender shall be required to grant additional 
advances to the extent required to increase the loan 
amount to the Subordinated Loan Increase Amount. The 
Subordinated Loan serves as credit enhancement and 
ranks below the Notes with respect to payment of interest 
and principal. 
 
Swap Agreements 
The Issuer will enter into each Swap Agreement with the 
relevant Swap Counterparty. Each Swap Agreement will 
hedge in respect of a particular Series of Notes or a 
particular Schuldschein Loan the interest rate risk deriving 
from fixed rate interest payments owed by the Obligors to 
the Issuer under the Receivables and floating rate interest 
payments owed by the Issuer under the relevant Series of 
Notes. 
 
 
Corporate Services Agreement 
The Issuer entered into the Corporate Services 
Agreement with Circumference FS (Luxembourg) S.A. as 
Corporate Services Provider and the Security Trustee, 
pursuant to which the Corporate Services Provider shall 
perform certain services for the Issuer, particularly taking

--- Page 85 ---
- 74 - 
 
 
 
over the accounting for the Issuer and providing the 
directors of the Issuer in any company law matters and 
providing the registered office of the Issuer. 
 
Data Protection Trust Agreement 
VWFS will appoint Data Custody Agent Services B.V., as 
Data Protection Trustee under the provisions of the Data 
Protection Trust Agreement and will make the Portfolio 
Decryption Key (which is for the identification of the names 
and addresses of the Obligors in respect of the Purchased 
Receivables) available to the Data Protection Trustee. 
The Data Protection Trustee will carefully safeguard the 
Portfolio 
Decryption 
Key 
and 
protect 
it 
against 
unauthorised access by any third party. Delivery of the 
Portfolio Decryption Key is permissible only to (i) (at the 
request of the Security Trustee) a replacement Servicer or 
(ii) to the Seller or, at the request of the Seller or the 
Security Trustee, to the replacement Data Protection 
Trustee subject to applicable data protection laws and 
banking secrecy provisions. The Data Protection Trustee 
has agreed to notify the Obligors of the assignment of the 
Purchased Receivables to the Issuer and instruct the 
Obligors to make all payments in respect of the Purchased 
Receivables to the Distribution Account of the Issuer upon 
the occurrence of a Notification Event.  
 
Risk Factors 
Prospective investors in the Notes should consider, 
among other things, certain risk factors in connection with 
the purchase of the Notes. Such risk factors as described 
in this Base Prospectus may influence the ability of the 
Issuer to pay interest, principal or other amounts on or in 
connection with any Notes. The risks in connection with 
the investment in the Notes include, inter alia, risks 
relating to the assets and the Transaction Documents, 
risks relating to the Notes and risks relating to the Issuer. 
These risk factors represent the principal risks inherent in 
investing in the Notes only. See "RISK FACTORS".

--- Page 86 ---
- 75 - 
 
 
 
EU AND UK RISK RETENTION AND SECURITISATION REGULATION REPORTING 
Retention Statement 
VWFS is the "originator" for the purposes of Article 2(3) of the UK Securitisation Regulation and the EU 
Securitisation Regulation. VWFS is legally bound to comply with the provisions of the UK Securitisation 
Regulation and contractually agrees to comply with the provisions of the EU Securitisation Regulation. 
All Receivables included in the Portfolio have been originated by VWFS and are sold to the Issuer by VWFS 
in its capacity as Seller.   
VWFS shall, whilst any of the Instruments remain outstanding retain for the life of such Instruments a material 
net economic interest of not less than 5 per cent. with respect to the Transaction in accordance with Article 
6(3)(d) of the UK Securitisation Regulation and Article 6(3)(d) of the EU Securitisation Regulation. 
VWFS undertakes that it will not reduce, hedge or otherwise mitigate its credit exposure to the material net 
economic interest for the purposes of Article 6(1) of the UK Securitisation Regulation and Article 6(1) of the 
EU Securitisation Regulation and: 
(a) 
with respect to the UK Securitisation Regulation, until such time as UK regulatory technical 
standards are published jointly by the FCA and PRA, Article 12 of the Commission Delegated 
Regulation specifying the risk retention requirements pursuant to the UK Securitisation 
Regulation (the "Commission Delegated Regulation") (BTS 625/2014 as amended by 
Annex R of The Technical Standards (Capital Requirements) (EU Exit) (No. 3) Instrument 
2019) and, pursuant to Article 43(7) of the UK Securitisation Regulation, until regulatory 
technical standards are adopted jointly by the FCA and PRA, provided that the level of 
retention may reduce over time in compliance with Article 10 (2) of the Commission 
Delegated Regulation.  
(b) 
for the purposes of the EU Securitisation Regulation, Article 7 of the Commission Delegated 
Regulation (EU) 2023/2175 of 7 July 2023 on supplementing the Securitisation Regulation 
with regard to regulatory technical standards specifying in greater detail the risk retention 
requirements for originators, sponsors, original lenders and services (the "RRTS") adopted 
by the Commission pursuant to Article 6(7) of the EU Securitisation Regulation, provided 
that the level of retention may reduce over time in compliance with Article 10(2) of the RRTS.  
As at the Initial Issue Date and any Further Issue Date, such interest will be comprised of a retention of the 
first loss tranche equivalent to no less than 5 per cent. of the nominal amount of the securitised exposures.  
VWFS has prepared a table as set out in the section "THE PURCHASED RECEIVABLES POOL" of this 
Base Prospectus with a view to reflect that it complies with Article 6(3)(d) of the UK Securitisation Regulation 
and Article 6(3)(d) of the EU Securitisation Regulation. The first loss tranche retained by the Seller will have 
the characteristics set out in the table titled "Retention according to Article 6(3)(d) of the UK Securitisation 
Regulation and Article 6(3)(d) of the EU Securitisation Regulation" in the section "THE PURCHASED 
RECEIVABLES POOL". 
The Seller (as originator) confirms that the Purchased Receivables are originated in the ordinary course of 
the business of VWFS pursuant to underwriting standards which are no less stringent than those which also 
apply to Financing Contracts which will not be securitised. In particular, the Seller (as originator) represents 
and warrants that it has in place (i) effective systems to apply its standard criteria for granting the Purchased 
Receivables and (ii) processes for approving and, where relevant, amending, renewing and re-financing the 
Purchased Receivables, in order to ensure that granting of the Purchased Receivables is based on a thorough 
assessment of each Obligor's creditworthiness taking appropriate account of factors relevant to verifying the 
prospect of the Obligor meeting its obligations under the relevant agreement.  
The Servicer, on behalf of the Issuer, will prepare Servicer Reports wherein relevant information with regard 
to the Purchased Receivables will be disclosed publicly together with an overview of the retention of the 
material net economic interest by the Seller for the purposes of which the Seller will provide the Issuer with

--- Page 87 ---
- 76 - 
 
 
 
all information reasonably required in accordance with the Securitisation Regulation (EU) Disclosure 
Requirements and the Securitisation Regulation (UK) Disclosure Requirements. 
The Lead Manager and each Lender and Noteholder, to the extent the EU Securitisation Regulation or UK 
Securitisation Regulation is applicable to it, are required to independently assess and determine the 
sufficiency of the information described in the preceding two paragraphs for the purposes of complying with 
Article 5 et seq. of the EU Securitisation Regulation or Article 5 et seq. of the UK Securitisation Regulation 
and neither the Issuer nor VWFS makes any representation that the information described above is sufficient 
in all circumstances for such purposes. 
Each prospective investor is required to independently assess and determine the sufficiency of the information 
described in the preceding paragraphs of this section and in this Base Prospectus generally for the purposes 
of complying with Article 5 et seq. of the EU Securitisation Regulation or Article 5 et seq. of the UK 
Securitisation Regulation and none of the Issuer, the Seller (in its capacity as the Seller and the Servicer), 
the Arranger, the Swap Counterparties, the Lead Manager nor the Transaction Parties makes any 
representation that the information described above or in this Base Prospectus generally is sufficient in all 
circumstances for such purposes. In addition, each prospective investor should ensure that it complies with 
the implementing provisions in respect of the EU Securitisation Regulation or UK Securitisation Regulation 
as applicable in its relevant jurisdiction. Prospective investors who are uncertain as to the requirements which 
apply to them in respect of their relevant jurisdiction should seek guidance from their regulator and/or 
independent legal advice on the issue.  
Reporting Entity – EU Disclosure Requirements 
VWFS, in its capacity as originator, has been designated as the entity responsible for fulfilling the information 
requirements under Article 7 of the EU Securitisation Regulation pursuant to Article 7(2) of the EU 
Securitisation Regulation. VWFS in its capacity as Servicer will perform all of VWFS' obligations under the 
Securitisation Regulation (EU) Disclosure Requirements. As to the information made available to prospective 
investors by the Servicer, reference is made to the information set out herein and forming part of this Base 
Prospectus and to the Servicer Reports that are prepared pursuant to the Servicing Agreement. 
For further information in relation to the provision of information, see the section entitled "General 
Information". 
Reporting Entity – UK Disclosure Requirements 
VWFS, in its capacity as originator, has been designated as the entity responsible for fulfilling the information 
requirements under Article 7 of the UK Securitisation Regulation pursuant to Article 7(2) of the UK 
Securitisation Regulation. VWFS in its capacity as Servicer will perform all of VWFS' obligations under the 
Securitisation Regulation (UK) Disclosure Requirements. As to the information made available to prospective 
investors by the Servicer, reference is made to the information set out herein and forming part of this Base 
Prospectus and to the Servicer Reports that are prepared pursuant to the Servicing Agreement. 
The Seller, as originator, is responsible for compliance with Article 7 of the UK Securitisation Regulation in 
accordance with Article 22(5) of the UK Securitisation Regulation. 
For further information in relation to the provision of information, see the section entitled "General 
Information". 
Securitisation Regulation – EU Disclosure Requirements 
Under the Servicing Agreement VWFS as Servicer undertakes to the Issuer that, pursuant to the EU 
Securitisation Regulation, it will make the information available to the Noteholders, to the Lenders, to 
competent authorities, as referred to in Article 29 of the EU Securitisation Regulation and to potential 
Noteholders and Lenders, that the Issuer is required to make available pursuant to and in compliance with 
the Securitisation Regulation (EU) Disclosure Requirements. The Servicer will make such information 
available via the EU Securitisation Repository.

--- Page 88 ---
- 77 - 
 
 
 
Securitisation Regulation – UK Disclosure Requirements 
Under the Servicing Agreement VWFS as Servicer undertakes to the Issuer that, pursuant to the UK 
Securitisation Regulation, it will make the information available to the Noteholders, to the Lenders, to the FCA 
and to potential Noteholders and Lenders, that the Issuer is required to make available pursuant to and in 
compliance with the Securitisation Regulation (UK) Disclosure Requirements. The Servicer will make such 
information available on the website of the European Data Warehouse (UK) (https://editor.eurodw.co.uk/). 
There is no requirement to report to a UK securitisation repository where the prospectus has not been 
approved by the FCA.  
For further information in relation to the provision of information, see the section entitled "General 
Information".  
Article 7 of the EU Securitisation Regulation 
For the purposes of the Securitisation Regulation (EU) Disclosure Requirements the Servicer (on behalf of 
VWFS as the originator for the purposes of the EU Securitisation Regulation) confirms and (where applicable) 
will make available the following information via the EU Securitisation Repository: 
(a) 
For the purposes of Article 7(1)(a) and (e) of the EU Securitisation Regulation, information on the 
Purchased Receivables will be made available before pricing of the Instruments and on a monthly 
basis the Servicer will make available information on the Purchased Receivables and an investor 
report (such information to be provided simultaneously) in accordance with the Securitisation 
Regulation (EU) Disclosure Requirements. 
(b) 
Before pricing of the Instruments, for the purposes of compliance with Article 7(1)(b) of the EU 
Securitisation Regulation, and within 15 days of the Closing Date, the Servicer will make available 
certain Transaction Documents and the Base Prospectus. It is not possible to make final 
documentation available before pricing of the Instruments and so the Servicer has made the Base 
Prospectus and draft Receivables Purchase Agreement, Redelivery Repurchase Agreement, 
Servicing Agreement, Agency Agreement, Account Agreement, Subordinated Loan Agreement, 
Trust Agreement, Incorporated Terms Memorandum, Deed of Charge and Assignment and template 
Swap Agreements. Such Transaction Documents in final form will be available after the Closing Date 
to investors on an ongoing basis and to potential investors on request. 
(c) 
For the purposes of Article 7(1)(f) of the EU Securitisation Regulation the Issuer will, without delay, 
publish any inside information relating to the Transaction. The Servicer is not required to comply with 
Article 7(1)(f) of the EU Securitisation Regulation. 
(d) 
For the purposes of Article 7(1)(g) of the EU Securitisation Regulation and pursuant to its obligation 
to comply with the Securitisation Regulation (EU) Disclosure Requirements, the Servicer will, without 
delay, publish information in respect of any significant event such as (i) a material breach of the 
obligations laid down in the Transaction Documents, (ii) a change in the structural features that can 
materially impact the performance of the securitisation, (iii) a change in the risk characteristics of the 
Transaction or the Purchased Receivables that can materially impact the performance of the 
securitisation, (iv) if competent authorities have taken remedial or administrative actions and (v) any 
material amendments to the Transaction Documents. 
Article 7 and Article 22 of the UK Securitisation Regulation 
For the purposes of the Securitisation Regulation (UK) Disclosure Requirements the Servicer (on behalf of 
the Seller as the originator for the purposes of the UK Securitisation Regulation) confirms and (where 
applicable) will make available the following information: 
(a) 
Before pricing of the Instruments, for the purpose of compliance with Article 22(1) of the UK 
Securitisation Regulation, the Servicer will make available to investors and potential 
investors information on static and dynamic historical default and loss performance, for a 
period of at least 5 years. In this regard, see the section "HISTORICAL PERFORMANCE 
DATA" of this Base Prospectus.

--- Page 89 ---
- 78 - 
 
 
 
(b) 
For the purpose of compliance with Article 22(2) of the UK Securitisation Regulation, the 
Servicer confirms that a sample of Financing Contracts has been externally verified by an 
appropriate and independent party prior to the date of this Base Prospectus (see also the 
section "THE PURCHASED RECEIVABLES POOL") (as well as an agreed upon 
procedures review, amongst other things, of the conformity of the Financing Contracts in the 
Portfolio with certain of the Eligibility Criteria (where applicable)). For the purposes of the 
verification a confidence level of at least 95% was applied. The Servicer confirms no 
significant adverse findings have been found. The independent party has also performed 
agreed upon procedures on the data included in the stratification tables in the section "THE 
PURCHASED RECEIVABLES" in order to verify that the stratification tables are accurate. 
The Servicer confirms no significant adverse findings have been found. Based on the review 
by the independent party, the Servicer confirms that to the best of its knowledge such 
information is accurate and in accordance with the facts and does not omit anything likely to 
affect its import.   
(c) 
Before pricing of the Instruments, for the purpose of compliance with Article 22(3) of the UK 
Securitisation Regulation, the Servicer will make available a cashflow liability model of the 
Transaction on Intex which precisely represents the contractual relationship between the 
Purchased Receivables and the payments flowing between the Seller and investors in the 
Instruments. Such cashflow model will be available after the Closing Date to investors on an 
ongoing basis and to potential investors on request. 
(d) 
For the purpose of compliance with Article 22(4) of the UK Securitisation Regulation, the 
Servicer confirms that, so far as it is aware, information on environmental performance of 
the Vehicles relating to the Purchased Receivables is not available to be reported pursuant 
to Article 22(4) of the UK Securitisation Regulation. The Servicer confirms that once 
information on environmental performance of the Vehicles relating to the Purchased 
Receivables is available and able to be reported, it will make such information available to 
investors on an ongoing basis in order to comply with the requirements of Article 22(4) of 
the UK Securitisation Regulation.  
(e) 
Before pricing of the Instruments and within 15 days of the Closing Date, for the purposes 
of compliance with Article 22(5) and Article 7(1)(b) of the UK Securitisation Regulation, the 
Servicer will make available certain Transaction Documents and the Base Prospectus. It is 
not possible to make final documentation available before pricing of the Instruments and so 
the Servicer has made available the Base Prospectus and draft Receivables Purchase 
Agreement, Redelivery Repurchase Agreement, Servicing Agreement, Agency Agreement, 
Account Agreement, Subordinated Loan Agreement, Trust Agreement, Incorporated Terms 
Memorandum, Deed of Charge and Assignment and template Swap Agreements on the 
website of the European Data Warehouse (UK) (https://editor.eurodw.co.uk/). Such 
Transaction Documents in final form will be available after the Closing Date to investors on 
an ongoing basis and to potential investors on request. 
(f) 
Before pricing of the Instruments in initial form and on or around the Closing Date in final 
form, for the purposes of compliance with Article 7(1)(d) of the UK Securitisation Regulation, 
the Servicer will make available the UK STS notification referred to in Article 27 of the UK 
Securitisation Regulation on the website of the European Data Warehouse (UK) 
(https://editor.eurodw.co.uk/). 
(g) 
For the purposes of Article 7(1)(a) and (e) of the UK Securitisation Regulation, information 
on the Purchased Receivables will be made available before pricing of the Instruments and 
on a monthly basis the Servicer will make available information on the Purchased 
Receivables and an investor report (such information to be provided simultaneously) in 
accordance with the Securitisation Regulation (UK) Disclosure Requirements.  
(h) 
For the purposes of Article 7(1)(f) of the UK Securitisation Regulation the Issuer will, without 
delay, publish any inside information relating to the Transaction. The Servicer is not required 
to comply with Article 7(1)(f) of the UK Securitisation Regulation.

--- Page 90 ---
- 79 - 
 
 
 
(i) 
For the purposes of Article 7(1)(g) of the UK Securitisation Regulation and pursuant to its 
obligation to comply with the Securitisation Regulation (UK) Disclosure Requirements, the 
Servicer will, without delay, publish information in respect of any significant event such as (i) 
a material breach of the obligations laid down in the Transaction Documents, (ii) a change 
in the structural features that can materially impact the performance of the securitisation, (iii) 
a change in the risk characteristics of the Transaction or the Purchased Receivables that 
can materially impact the performance of the securitisation, (iv) if the Transaction ceases to 
meet the STS requirements or if the FCA has taken remedial or administrative actions and 
(v) any material amendments to the Transaction Documents.

--- Page 91 ---
- 80 - 
 
 
 
USE OF PROCEEDS 
The aggregate gross proceeds from the issuance of the Notes and the borrowings under the Schuldschein 
Loans and the Subordinated Loan will be used on the Closing Date to (i) finance the purchase of the Initial 
Receivables and (ii) to pay costs related to the issue of the Notes and the Schuldschein Loans and refinance 
the costs related to the receipt of the Subordinated Loan. 
The aggregate gross proceeds from the issuance of any Further Notes and the borrowings under the Further 
Loans and the Subordinated Loan will be used to finance the purchase by the Issuer of receivables arising 
against Obligors under financing agreements for the acquisition of vehicles granted to such Obligors by VWFS 
during the Revolving Period pursuant to the terms and under the conditions of the Receivables Purchase 
Agreement.

--- Page 92 ---
- 81 - 
 
 
 
DOCUMENTS INCORPORATED BY REFERENCE 
This Base Prospectus should be read and construed in conjunction with: 
(a) 
The Issuer's 2022 Financial Statements (defined below); and 
(b) 
The Issuer's 2023 Financial Statements (defined below). 
The following information, which has been published and filed with the Commission de Surveillance du 
Secteur Financier, shall be deemed to be incorporated by reference in, and to form part of, this Base 
Prospectus and have been published on the website of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange (www.luxse.com) 
and on the website of Circumference FS (Luxembourg) S.A. https://circumferencefs-luxembourg.com 
The information incorporated by reference above is available as follows: 
Section of Base 
Prospectus 
Document incorporated by reference 
The Issuer, Financial 
Statements 
The Issuer's audited annual financial statements for the year ended 30 June 
2022 (the "2022 Financial Statements"), prepared in accordance with 
Luxembourg legal and regulatory requirements relating to the preparation 
of annual accounts (Page numbers refer to the PDF page numbers and not 
the actual document): 
 
Page 
Management report ............................................................................... 3-7 
Audit report ....................................................................................... ...8-12 
Balance sheet as at 30 June 2022 ................................................ …13-17 
Profit and loss account for the year ended 30 June 2022 .. …………18-19 
Notes to the accounts……………………………………………. …….20-29 
Link to 2022 Financial Statements  
 
The Issuer, Financial 
Statements 
The Issuer's audited annual financial statements for the year ended 30 June 
2023 (the "2023 Financial Statements"), prepared in accordance with 
Luxembourg legal and regulatory requirements relating to the preparation 
of annual accounts (Page numbers refer to the PDF page numbers and not 
the actual document): 
 
Page 
Management report ............................................................................. 3 - 7 
Audit report ........................................................................................ 8 - 12 
Balance sheet as at 30 June 2023 ............................................... .. 13 - 17 
Profit and loss account for the year ended 30 June 2023 ........... ... 18 - 19 
Notes to the accounts…………………………………………………. 20 – 29 
Link to 2023 Financial Statements 
 
The non-incorporated parts of the documents incorporated by reference which for the avoidance of doubt are 
not mentioned in the cross-reference lists above are either not relevant for an investor or covered in another 
part of this Base Prospectus.

--- Page 93 ---
- 82 - 
 
 
 
OVERVIEW OF THE TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THE NOTES 
General Abstract of the Conditions of the Notes 
The Notes do not represent obligations of VWFS or any other party other than the Issuer acting for and on 
behalf of its Compartment 7. 
Denomination 
The issue in the aggregate Nominal Instrument Amount of up to GBP 7,000,000,000 consists of transferable 
Notes with a Nominal Instrument Amount of at least GBP 100,000 or an amount in GBP equivalent to EUR 
100,000 each, ranking equally among themselves. The Class A Notes and the Senior Schuldschein Loans 
rank equally among themselves and senior to the Class B Notes and the Junior Schuldschein Loans and the 
Subordinated Loan. The Class B Notes and the Junior Schuldschein Loans rank equally among themselves. 
Registered Global Notes 
Each Series of Notes will be represented by a global registered note signed by two duly authorised directors 
of the Issuer (each a "Global Note") without coupons as described in further detail in Notes Condition 1(b) of 
the terms and conditions applicable to such Series. 
Each Global Note for any Series of Class A Notes shall be deposited with a Common Safekeeper for 
Clearstream, Luxembourg and Euroclear and be held in book-entry form only. Each Global Note for any 
Series of Class B Notes shall be deposited with a Common Depositary for Clearstream, Luxembourg and 
Euroclear and be held in book-entry form only. The interests in the Notes are transferable according to 
applicable rules and regulations of Clearstream, Luxembourg and Euroclear. None of the Global Notes will 
be exchangeable for definitive Notes. 
The aggregate principal amount of Notes of a Series of Class A Notes or a Series of Class B Notes 
represented by the relevant Global Note issued with respect to such Series shall be the aggregate amount 
from time to time entered in the records of both ICSDs. The records of the ICSDs (which expression means 
the records that each ICSD holds for its customers which reflect the amount of such customer's interest in 
the Notes) shall be conclusive evidence of the aggregate principal amount of Notes represented by the Global 
Notes and, for these purposes, a statement issued by an ICSD stating the aggregate principal amount of the 
Notes so represented at any time shall be conclusive evidence of the records of the relevant ICSD at that 
time. On any redemption or payment of an instalment or interest being made in respect of, or purchase and 
cancellation of, any of the Notes represented by the Global Notes the Issuer shall procure that details of any 
redemption, payment or purchase and cancellation (as the case may be) in respect of the Global Notes shall 
be entered accordingly in the records of the ICSDs and, upon any such entry being made, the aggregate 
principal amount of the Notes recorded in the records of the ICSDs and represented by the Global Notes shall 
be reduced by the aggregate principal amount of the Notes so redeemed or purchased and cancelled or by 
the aggregate amount of such instalment so paid. 
Payments of Principal and Interest 
Payments of principal and interest, if any, on the Notes shall be made by the Principal Paying Agent on behalf 
of the Issuer for further payment to Clearstream, Luxembourg and Euroclear or to its order for credit to the 
relevant account holders of Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg. All payments in respect of any Note 
made by, or on behalf of, the Issuer to, or to the order of Euroclear or Clearstream, Luxembourg shall 
discharge the liability of the Issuer under such Note to the extent of sums so paid. 
The Issuer shall have the right to request, by notice to the holders of any Series of the Class A Notes or any 
Series of Class B Notes, as applicable, to be delivered in accordance with Notes Condition 10 not later than 
one month prior to the then current revolving period expiration date applicable to such Series of Class A Notes 
or such Series of Class B Notes (each a "Instrument Revolving Period Expiration Date", where the first 
such date for each Series will be set out in the relevant Final Terms), the extension of such current Instrument 
Revolving Period Expiration Date together with an amendment to the Margin with respect to such extension 
period (if relevant) and the extension of the relevant Final Maturity Date for a period specified in the notice 
which shall equal to the period specified in such notice for the extension of the current Instrument Revolving

--- Page 94 ---
- 83 - 
 
 
 
Period Expiration Date. The extended relevant Instrument Revolving Period Expiration Date and the new 
Margin, if any, for the period for which such Instrument Revolving Period Expiration Date has been extended 
shall become effective only if (A) the Issuer received confirmation from the Rating Agencies that the rating of 
the relevant Series of Class A Notes or Series of Class B Notes, as applicable and to the extent rated will not 
be affected by such amendments, or the Rating Agencies have confirmed that the assignment of new ratings 
are not lower than for the then outstanding Notes before the Instrument Revolving Period Expiration Date 
was extended, or, as applicable, the Issuer has received a new rating confirmation stating the same rating for 
the relevant Series of Class A Notes or Series of Class B Notes as applicable and to the extent rated prior to 
the amendments and (B) by no later than the third Business Day prior to the then current Instrument Revolving 
Period Expiration Date, the Issuer acting for and on behalf of its Compartment 7 has confirmed by notice to 
the holders in the form prescribed in Notes Condition 10 that it has received such reaffirmation and that it 
agrees to the requested amendments and (C) the Notes have the benefit of an interest rate swap with an 
Eligible Swap Counterparty under which the interest payments due under the relevant Series of Notes are 
hedged to the extended Final Maturity Date of the Notes.  
Each Series of Notes is scheduled to be redeemed in full on the Payment Date specified to be the scheduled 
repayment date for such Series in the relevant Final Terms (each a "Scheduled Repayment Date"), provided 
that whenever with respect to a Series of Notes the relevant Instrument Revolving Period Expiration Date is 
extended, the relevant Scheduled Repayment Date shall be extended automatically for the same period as 
the relevant Instrument Revolving Period Expiration Date applicable to such Series of Notes.  
Subject to the occurrence of an Enforcement Event all payments of interest on and principal of each Series 
of Notes will be due and payable at the latest in full on the respective Final Maturity Date of such Series of 
Notes as set out in the relevant Final Terms (each a "Final Maturity Date") provided that whenever the 
Instrument Revolving Period Expiration Date is extended in accordance with the Notes Conditions, the 
relevant Final Maturity Date shall be extended automatically for the same period as the Instrument Revolving 
Period Expiration Date applicable to such Series of Notes. 
On 25 December 2023 and thereafter until the final payment date, on the 25th day of each calendar month or, 
in the event such day is not a Business Day, on the next following Business Day, unless such day falls in the 
next calendar month, in which case the date will be the first preceding day that is a Business Day (the 
"Payment Date") the Issuer shall, subject to Condition 5(d) of the Notes Conditions, pay to each Noteholder 
interest on the nominal amount of Notes outstanding immediately prior to the respective Payment Date at the 
interest rate applicable to such Series of Class A Notes or Series of Class B Notes, as applicable (as specified 
in the relevant Final Terms), and shall make repayments of the principal amount of the relevant Notes by 
paying to the Noteholders of any Senior Instrument which is an Amortising Instrument the relevant Senior 
Instrument Amortisation Amount or of any Junior Instrument which is an Amortising Instruments the relevant 
Junior Instrument Amortisation Amount. 
The Available Distribution Amount on each Payment Date shall equal the sum of the following amounts: 
(a) 
interest accrued on the Distribution Account and the Accumulation Account; plus 
(b) 
amounts received as Collections received or collected by the Servicer, inclusive, for avoidance of doubt, 
the Monthly Collateral Part 1 and Monthly Collateral Part 2 (after any relevant netting); plus  
(c) 
payments from the Cash Collateral Account as provided for in clause 22.2 of the Trust Agreement; plus 
(d) 
(i) Net Swap Receipts under the Swap Agreements; (ii) where the relevant Swap Agreement has been 
terminated, any Swap Termination Payments due by the Issuer to the departing Swap Counterparty 
have been paid, (after returning any Excess Swap Collateral to the Swap Counterparty), and no 
replacement Swap Counterparty has been found, an amount equal to the lesser of (A) the Swap 
Termination Payments sitting on the Counterparty Downgrade Collateral Account received by the Issuer 
and (B) the Net Swap Receipts that would have been due from the relevant Swap Counterparty on such 
date assuming that there had been no termination of such Swap Agreement; plus 
(e) 
where the relevant Swap Agreement has been terminated, amounts allocated in accordance with clause 
20.8 of the Trust Agreement; plus 
(f) 
the amounts standing to the credit of the Accumulation Account after the preceding Payment Date; plus

--- Page 95 ---
- 84 - 
 
 
 
(g) 
any amounts provided for or converted into another currency which are not used and reconverted (if 
applicable) in accordance with clause 21.7 (Order of Priority) of the Trust Agreement; plus 
(h) 
the Interest Compensation Shortfall Redemption Amount; plus 
(i) 
the Interest Compensation Ledger Release Amount, provided that a Credit Enhancement Increase 
Condition is in effect; plus  
(j) 
the Buffer Top-Up Amount; less 
(k) 
the Buffer Release Amount to be paid to VWFS, provided that no Credit Enhancement Increase 
Condition is in effect. 
For the avoidance of doubt, interest accruing on the Counterparty Downgrade Collateral Account (other than 
amounts payable under clause 20.9 and clause 20.10 (Distribution Account; Accumulation Account; Account, 
Counterparty Downgrade Collateral Account; Swap Provisions) of the Trust Agreement), to the extent 
established, and the Cash Collateral Account will not form part of the Available Distribution Amount. Such 
accrued interest and earned income will be retained on the relevant Account and (i) in the case of the 
Counterparty Downgrade Collateral Account, interest accruing in respect of amounts other than Swap 
Termination Payments received by the Issuer, be paid to the relevant Swap Counterparty in accordance with 
the Swap Agreements; (ii) in the case of the Counterparty Downgrade Collateral Account, interest accruing 
in respect of Swap Termination Payments received by the Issuer, be paid to the Subordinated Lender and/or 
VWFS in accordance with the priority of payment set out in clause 20.10 (Distribution Account; Accumulation 
Account; Counterparty Downgrade Collateral Account; Swap Provisions) unless otherwise specified in the 
Trust Agreement and (iii) in the case of interest accruing on the Cash Collateral Account, form part of the 
General Cash Collateral Amount and will be applied accordingly in accordance with clause 22 (Cash 
Collateral Account) of the Trust Agreement. 
Order of Priority  
On each Payment Date, to the extent of the respective Available Distribution Amount in accordance with the 
Order of Priority of distributions set forth below, the Issuer will pay to the holders of any Senior Instrument 
which are an Amortising Instrument an aggregate amount in respect of principal equal to the Senior 
Instrument Amortisation Amount. The Senior Instrument Amortisation Amount comprises: 
(a) where on the relevant Payment Date some of the outstanding Senior Instruments but not all Senior 
Instruments are Amortising Instruments, then for any Senior Instrument which on the relevant 
Payment Date qualifies as an Amortising Instrument for the first time (such Payment Date with 
respect to such Senior Instrument referred to as the "Senior Instrument Amortisation Date"), the 
Senior Instrument Amortisation Amount applicable to such Senior Instrument with respect to all 
Payment Dates following such qualification shall be determined as the lesser of (i) the principal 
amount outstanding of such Senior Instrument and (ii) the product of (1) the positive difference 
between (A) the Senior Instrument Available Redemption Collections and (B) the sum of the Senior 
Instrument Amortisation Amounts in respect of the other Amortising Instruments with an earlier 
Senior Instrument Amortisation Date and (2) the Amortisation Factor applicable to such Amortising 
Instruments; or 
 
(b) if on the relevant Payment Date all Senior Instruments are Amortising Instruments, the Senior 
Instrument Amortisation Amount for any Senior Instrument will be determined as the product of (i) 
the Senior Instrument Principal Payment Amount multiplied by (ii) the ratio of the principal amount 
outstanding of the relevant Amortising Senior Instruments on such Payment Date as numerator and 
the sum of the principal amount outstanding of all Senior Instruments on such Payment Date as 
denominator. 
 
On each Payment Date, to the extent of the respective Available Distribution Amount in accordance with the 
Order of Priority of distributions set forth below, the Issuer will pay to the holders of any Series of Class B 
Notes which are an Amortising Junior Instrument an aggregate amount in respect of principal equal to the 
Junior Instrument Amortisation Amount. The Junior Instrument Amortisation Amount comprises:

--- Page 96 ---
- 85 - 
 
 
 
(a) 
where on the relevant Payment Date some of the outstanding Junior Instruments but not all Junior 
Instruments are Amortising Instruments, then for any Junior Instrument which on the relevant 
Payment Date qualifies as an Amortising Instrument for the first time (such Payment Date with 
respect to such Junior Instrument referred to as the "Junior Instrument Amortisation Date"), the 
Junior Instrument Amortisation Amount applicable to such Junior Instrument with respect to all 
Payment Dates following such qualification shall be determined as the lesser of (i) the principal 
amount outstanding of such Junior Instrument and (ii) the product of (1) the positive difference 
between (A) the Junior Instrument Available Redemption Collections and (B) the sum of the Junior 
Instrument Amortisation Amounts in respect of the other Amortising Instruments with an earlier Junior 
Instrument Amortisation Date and (2) the Amortisation Factor applicable to such Amortising 
Instrument; or 
(b) 
if on the relevant Payment Date all Junior Instruments are Amortising Instruments, the Junior 
Instrument Amortisation Amount for any Junior Instrument will be determined as the product of (i) the 
Junior Instrument Principal Payment Amount multiplied by (ii) the ratio of the principal amount 
outstanding of the relevant Amortising Junior Instruments on such Payment Date as numerator and 
the sum of the principal amount outstanding of all Junior Instruments on such Payment Date as 
denominator. 
Order of Priority of Distributions 
In respect of the Notes, distributions will be made on each Payment Date from the Available Distribution 
Amount and, subject to clause 21 of the Trust Agreement, the Cash Collateral Account, according to the 
following Order of Priority, provided that any distributions arising from a Term Takeout shall not be distributed 
according to the following Order of Priority but shall be distributed in the following order: first to the then 
outstanding Senior Instruments, until the Redeemable Amount of all then outstanding Senior Instruments has 
been redeemed in full, second, to the then outstanding Junior Instruments, until the Redeemable Amount of 
all then outstanding Junior Instruments has been redeemed in full, third, to the Subordinated Loan and fourth 
to the Seller by way of a success fee, 
On each Payment Date prior to the occurrence of an Enforcement Event: 
(a) 
first, amounts due and payable in respect of taxes (if any) by the Issuer (for the avoidance of doubt, 
corporate income taxes payable in respect of the Retained Profit Amount will first be paid from the 
amounts standing to the credit of the Retained Profit Ledger); 
(b) 
second, amounts (excluding any payments under the Trustee Claim) due and payable (i) to the 
Security Trustee under the Agreement or the Deed of Charge and Assignment and (ii) pari passu to 
any successor of the Security Trustee (if applicable) appointed pursuant to clauses 30 (Termination 
by the Security Trustee for Good Cause) and 31 (Replacement of the Security Trustee) of the Trust 
Agreement or under any agreement replacing the Trust Agreement; 
(c) 
third, to the Servicer the Servicer Fee; 
(d) 
fourth, of equal rank amounts due and payable (i) to the directors of the Issuer; (ii) to the Corporate 
Services Provider under the Corporate Services Agreement; (iii) to each Agent under the Agency 
Agreement; (iv) to the Account Bank and the Cash Administrator under the Account Agreement; (v) 
to the Rating Agencies the fees for the monitoring of the Programme; (vi) to the Lead Manager under 
the Programme Agreement; (vii) to the Data Protection Trustee under the Data Protection Trust 
Agreement; (viii) to the Issuer in respect of other administration costs and expenses of the Issuer, 
including, without limitation, any costs relating to the listing of the Notes on the official list of the 
Luxembourg Stock Exchange, any costs relating to any auditors' fees, any tax filing fees and any 
annual return or exempt company status fees and any Administrator Recovery Incentive; and (ix) to 
the Issuer the Retained Profit Amount to be credited to the Retained Profit Ledger; 
(e) 
fifth, on a pro rata and pari passu basis, amounts due and payable by the Issuer to the (respective) 
Swap Counterparty in respect of any Net Swap Payments or any Swap Termination Payments under 
the Swap Agreements (if any and provided that the Swap Counterparty is not the Defaulting Party

--- Page 97 ---
- 86 - 
 
 
 
(as defined in the relevant Swap Agreement) and there has been no termination of the transaction 
under the Swap Agreement due to a termination event relating to the Swap Counterparty's 
downgrade); 
(f) 
sixth, on a pro rata and pari passu basis, amounts due and payable in respect of (a) interest accrued 
during the immediately preceding Interest Period on the Senior Instruments plus (b) Interest 
Shortfalls (if any) pari passu and ratebly as to each other on the Senior Instruments; 
(g) 
seventh, on a pro rata and pari passu basis, amounts due and payable in respect of (a) interest 
accrued during the immediately preceding Interest Period on the Junior Instruments plus (b) Interest 
Shortfalls (if any) pari passu and ratebly as to each other  on the Junior Instruments; 
(h) 
eighth, to the Cash Collateral Account, until the General Cash Collateral Amount is equal to the 
Specified General Cash Collateral Account Balance; 
(i) 
ninth, on a pro rata and pari passu basis, (1) the Senior Instrument Amortisation Amount to each 
Amortising Senior Instrument and (2) an amount no less than zero equal to the Senior Instrument 
Accumulation Amount; 
(j) 
tenth, on a pro rata and pari passu basis, (1) the Junior Instrument Amortisation Amount to each 
Amortising Junior Instrument and (2) an amount no less than zero equal to the Junior Instrument 
Accumulation Amount; 
(k) 
eleventh, by the Issuer to the Swap Counterparty, any payments under the Swap Agreements other 
than those made under item fifth above;  
(l) 
twelfth, to the Subordinated Lender amounts due and payable in respect of accrued and unpaid 
interest on the Subordinated Loan (including, without limitation, overdue interest); 
(m) 
thirteenth, to the Subordinated Lender, principal amounts until the aggregate principal amount of the 
Subordinated Loan has been reduced to zero; and 
(n) 
fourteenth, to pay all remaining excess to VWFS by way of a final success fee. 
On any Payment Date after satisfaction of the amounts in clause 20.3 (Distribution Account; Accumulation 
Account; Counterparty Downgrade Collateral Account; Swap Provisions) of the Trust Agreement, any positive 
difference between the General Cash Collateral Amount and the Specified Cash Collateral Account Balance 
shall be distributed prior to the occurrence of an Enforcement Event according to the following Order of 
Priority, provided that no Credit Enhancement Increase Condition is in effect and provided that for any 
Payment Date on which a Term Takeout occurs, the Specified General Cash Collateral Account Balance shall 
be calculated by using the aggregate outstanding principal amount of the Instruments following the 
redemption of the Instruments that occurs on such Payment Date as a result of such Term Takeout: 
(a) 
first, to the Subordinated Lender, amounts payable in respect of accrued and unpaid interest on the 
Subordinated Loan (including, without limitation, overdue interest); 
(b) 
second, to the Subordinated Lender, until the aggregate principal amount of the Subordinated Loan 
has been reduced to zero; and  
(c) 
third, to pay all remaining excess to VWFS by way of a final success fee. 
Following the occurrence of an Enforcement Event, distributions will be made by the Security Trustee from 
the Available Distribution Amount and any proceeds from the enforcement of the Security, in accordance with 
the following Order of Priority: 
(a) 
first, amounts due and payable in respect of taxes (if any) by the Issuer (for the avoidance of doubt, 
corporate income taxes payable in respect of the Retained Profit Amount will first be paid from the 
amounts standing to the credit of the Retained Profit Ledger);

--- Page 98 ---
- 87 - 
 
 
 
(b) 
second, amounts (excluding any payments under the Trustee Claim) due and payable (i) to the 
Security Trustee under the Trust Agreement or the Deed of Charge and Assignment, (ii) pari passu 
to any successor of the Security Trustee (if applicable) appointed pursuant to clauses 30 (Termination 
by the Security Trustee for Good Cause) and 31 (Replacement of the Security Trustee) of the Trust 
Agreement or under any agreement replacing the Trust Agreement and (iii) any fees, costs, 
expenses, indemnities and other amounts due and payable to any receiver, manager, receiver and 
manager, administrator or administrative receiver appointed in respect of the Issuer in accordance 
with the Deed of Charge and Assignment; 
(c) 
third, to the Servicer the Servicer Fee; 
(d) 
fourth, of equal rank amounts due and payable (i) to the directors of the Issuer; (ii) to the Corporate 
Services Provider under the Corporate Services Agreement; (iii) to each Agent under the Agency 
Agreement; (iv) to the Account Bank and the Cash Administrator under the Account Agreement; (v) 
to the Rating Agencies the fees for the monitoring of the Programme; (vi) to the Lead Manager under 
the Programme Agreement; (vii) to the Data Protection Trustee under the Data Protection Trust 
Agreement; (viii) to the Issuer in respect of other administration costs and expenses of the Issuer, 
including, without limitation, any costs relating to the listing of the Notes on the official list of the 
Luxembourg Stock Exchange, any costs relating to any auditors' fees, any tax filing fees and any 
annual return or exempt company status fees and any Administrator Recovery Incentive; and (ix) to 
the Issuer the Retained Profit Amount to be credited to the Retained Profit Ledger; 
(e) 
fifth, amounts payable by the Issuer to the Swap Counterparty in respect of any Net Swap Payments 
or any Swap Termination Payments under the Swap Agreements (if any and provided that the Swap 
Counterparty is not the Defaulting Party (as defined in the relevant Swap Agreement) and there has 
been no termination of the transaction under the Swap Agreement due to a termination event relating 
to the Swap Counterparty's downgrade);  
(f) 
sixth, pari passu and rateably to each other amounts due and payable in respect of (a) interest 
accrued on the Senior Instruments during the immediately preceding Interest Period plus (b) Interest 
Shortfalls (if any) pari passu and rateably as to each other on all Senior Instruments; 
(g) 
seventh, pari passu and on a pro-rata basis, to each Senior Instrument the amount of principal due 
on such Senior Instruments until all Senior Instruments have been redeemed in full; 
(h) 
eighth, pari passu and rateably to each other amounts due and payable in respect of (a) interest 
accrued on the Junior Instruments during the immediately preceding Interest Period plus (b) Interest 
Shortfalls (if any) pari passu and rateably as to each other on all Junior Instrument; 
(i) 
ninth, pari passu and on a pro-rata basis, to each Junior Instrument the amount of principal due on 
such Junior Instrument until all Junior Instruments have been redeemed in full; 
(j) 
tenth, by the Issuer to the Swap Counterparty, any payments under the Swap Agreements other than 
those made under item fifth above;  
(k) 
eleventh, to the Subordinated Lender amounts due and payable in respect of accrued and unpaid 
interest on the Subordinated Loan (including, without limitation, overdue interest); 
(l) 
twelfth, to the Subordinated Lender, principal amounts until the aggregate principal amount of the 
Subordinated Loan has been reduced to zero; and 
(m) 
thirteenth, to pay all remaining excess to VWFS by way of a final success fee. 
Cash Collateral Account 
On the Initial Issue Date, the Issuer will deposit  the Initial Cash Collateral Amount in the Cash Collateral 
Account. On each Payment Date, the Specified General Cash Collateral Account Balance will be equal to 
the greater of (a) 1.45 per cent. of the aggregate nominal amount of the Instruments outstanding as at the 
end of the Monthly Period and (b) the lesser of (i) 0.60 per cent. of the Maximum Discounted Receivables

--- Page 99 ---
- 88 - 
 
 
 
Balance, and (ii) the aggregate nominal amount of the Instruments outstanding as of the end of the Monthly 
Period. The Issuer has agreed to keep the Cash Collateral Account at all times with a bank that has the 
Account Bank Required Ratings. In the event that the Account Bank ceases to have the Account Bank 
Required Ratings, the Account Bank shall, at its own cost (for the avoidance of doubt, it shall cover the legal 
fees as separately agreed between the Issuer and the Account Bank), within sixty (60) calendar days of the 
occurrence of such downgrade, do one of the following: (i) procure the transfer of the Accounts held with it 
to an Eligible Collateral Bank, or (ii) find an irrevocable and unconditional guarantor providing the Account 
Bank Required Guarantee.   
On each Payment Date, prior to the occurrence of a Foreclosure Event, the General Cash Collateral Amount 
shall be used: 
(a) 
to cover any shortfalls in the amounts payable under items first through seventh of the Order of 
Priority set out in clause 21.3 of the Trust Agreement; 
(b) 
to make payment of the amounts due and payable under clause 21.4 of the Trust Agreement; and 
(c) 
on the earlier of (i) the Final Maturity Date or (ii) the date on which the Aggregate Discounted 
Receivables Balance has been reduced to zero, to make payment of the amounts due and payable 
under items ninth, tenth, eleventh, twelfth, thirteenth and fourteenth of the Order of Priority set out 
in clause 21.3 of the Trust Agreement. 
For the avoidance of doubt, the Servicer is entitled to utilise the General Cash Collateral Amount for the 
purposes of the Clean-Up Call Option. In connection with the exercise of the Clean-Up Call Option, VWFS 
shall ensure that all amounts outstanding under the Instruments and any obligations ranking pari passu with 
or senior to the Instruments in the Order of Priority are discharged in full. 
On each Payment Date following the occurrence of an Enforcement Event, the General Cash Collateral 
Amount and the balance standing to the credit of the Interest Compensation Ledger and the Retained Profit 
Ledger shall be applied in accordance with clause 21.5 (Order of Priority) of the Trust Agreement. 
Upon the earliest to occur of (i) the Final Maturity Date; (ii) the date on which all then outstanding Instruments 
and the Subordinated Loan have been fully redeemed and repaid respectively, or (iii) of the date on which 
the Clean-Up Call Option has been exercised, the Cash Collateral Account shall be closed and VWFS shall 
be entitled to the sums remaining in the Cash Collateral Account together with the interests accrued thereof 
(except for any Retained Profit Amounts remaining in the Cash Collateral Account, to which the Issuer is 
entitled). After closing of the Cash Collateral Account, VWFS is entitled to any Purchased Receivables still 
being collected. 
On each Payment Date the Retained Profit Ledger will be credited with the Retained Profit Amount in 
accordance with the applicable Order of Priority. Amounts may be debited from the Retained Profit Ledger 
from time to time to pay corporate income taxes in respect of the Retained Profit Amount and for any 
dividend payments to the Issuer's shareholder. 
Optional Redemption of the Instruments / Clean-Up Call Option 
Under the Receivables Purchase Agreement, VWFS will have the right at its option but not the obligation, to 
require the Issuer to exercise the Clean-Up Call Option and to repurchase the Purchased Receivables from 
the Issuer at any time when the Aggregate Discounted Receivables Balances of all outstanding Purchased 
Receivables as at the end of the most recent Monthly Period is less than 10 per cent. of the Maximum 
Discounted Receivables Balance, provided that all payment obligations under the Instruments, and any 
obligations ranking pari passu with or senior to the Instruments in the Order of Priority, will be met in full on 
the exercise of such option. VWFS shall give one month prior written notice of its intention to require the 
exercise of the Clean-Up Call Option. Such notice shall be published in accordance with Notes Condition 10 
and Loan Condition 9 (Notices) the "Clean-Up Call Option Notice") and, in addition shall be published in the 
Servicer Report.

--- Page 100 ---
- 89 - 
 
 
 
The Clean-Up Call Option Settlement Amount shall be the lesser of: 
(a) 
an amount equal to the outstanding Discounted Receivables Balance which would have become due 
if the Clean-Up Call Option had not been exercised, calculated on the last calendar day of the month 
in which the repurchase is to become effective; and  
(b) 
an amount equal to the theoretical present value of the Purchased Receivables remaining to be paid 
in the future, calculated using a discount rate equal to (i) the weighted average (based on the principal 
amount outstanding of all the Instruments and the Subordinated Loan outstanding principal amount 
as of the end of the relevant Monthly Period) of the fixed rates under the Swap Agreements and the 
Subordinated Loan, plus (ii) the Servicer Fee at a rate of 1 per cent. per annum, and plus (iii) 0.03 
per cent. for administrative costs and fees. It shall be calculated on the last calendar day of the month 
in which the repurchase is to become effective. 
For the purposes of calculating the Clean-Up Call Option Settlement Amount, the risk of losses inherent to 
the relevant Purchased Receivables shall be taken into account on the basis of the risk status of such 
Purchased Receivables assessed by VWFS immediately prior to the buyback becoming effective. The Clean-
Up Call Option Settlement Amount shall be due on the Payment Date following the Clean-Up Call Option 
Notice and, for the purposes of the definition of Collections shall be treated as a Settlement Amount.  
Sale of Receivables to other Secured Vehicles 
The Issuer may on any Payment Date, for the purpose of a Term Takeout, offer to sell and assign to any 
member of Volkswagen Group or to a securitisation vehicle nominated by the Seller (in each case, the 
"Transferee") any or all Purchased Receivables (the "Term Takeout Receivables") provided that the Rating 
Agencies will have confirmed (by way of press release or otherwise) that the sale of the Term Takeout 
Receivables will not in and of itself result in a downgrade, withdrawal or qualification of the rating assigned 
to Instruments prior to the Term Takeout. If accepted by the Transferee, the purchase price to be paid by the 
Transferee acquiring the Term Takeout Receivables will be required to be: 
(a) 
no less than the outstanding Discounted Receivables Balance of the Term Takeout Receivables 
as at the respective Payment Date less an amount equal to the sum of (i) the amount of over-
collateralisation applied to the Term Takeout in accordance with the capital structure of applicable 
term transaction and (ii) the amount required as cash collateral for the applicable term transaction; 
(b) 
in any event no less than the Aggregate Redeemable Amount; and  
(c) 
paid to the Distribution Account, provided that the purchase price will not be distributed according 
to the applicable Order of Priority and it will be distributed, firstly, to the then outstanding Senior 
Instruments, until the Redeemable Amount of all then outstanding Senior Instruments has been 
redeemed in full, secondly, to the then outstanding Junior Instruments, until the Redeemable 
Amount of all then outstanding Junior Instruments has been redeemed in full, thirdly, to the 
Subordinated Loan and fourthly to the Seller by way of a final success fee. 
The selection of Term Takeout Receivables will be made on a random basis and the proceeds from any Term 
Takeout will be paid into the Distribution Account but will not be applied according to the Order of Priority but 
instead be distributed as separately provided in clause (c) above. Any such randomly selected Term Takeout 
Receivable shall comply with the same warranties and representations as set out in clause 10.1 (Warranties 
and Representations) of the Receivables Purchase Agreement at the time of the transfer to the Transferee. 
For the avoidance of doubt, in case of Non-Amortising Instruments any redemption payments will be made 
in a way to redeem Schuldschein Loans by a principal amount of at least GBP 10,000,000 (or multiples 
thereof), and a certain number of Notes in their principal amount of at least GBP 100,000 (or multiples 
thereof).  
Principal Paying Agent 
The Issuer will make payments to the Noteholders through the Principal Paying Agent. Payments shall be 
made from the accounts of the Issuer with The Bank of New York Mellon, London Branch plc as Account 
Bank without having to execute an affidavit or fulfil any formalities other than the compliance with tax, currency

--- Page 101 ---
- 90 - 
 
 
 
exchange or other regulations of the country where the distribution takes place. The Bank of New York Mellon, 
London Branch is an independent credit institution and is not Affiliate to VWFS or the Issuer and may be 
substituted as provided for in Notes Condition 9. 
Security, Security Trustee and Enforcement 
The Issuer, acting for and on behalf of its Compartment 7 has entered into a Trust Agreement, a Deed of 
Charge and Assignment and Assignations in Security. 
For the benefit of the Transaction Creditors, the Issuer has appointed the Security Trustee pursuant to the 
Trust Agreement and has instructed and authorised the Security Trustee to act as trustee (Treuhänder) for 
the benefit of the Transaction Creditors pursuant to the terms of the Trust Agreement and the Deed of Charge 
and Assignment and the Assignations in Security 
Trust Agreement  
Pursuant to the Trust Agreement, the Issuer has assigned or transferred (as applicable) to the Security 
Trustee for security purposes all its claims and other rights arising from the German Transaction Documents 
(with the exception of claims and other rights arising from the Trust Agreement) (including the rights to 
unilaterally alter a legal relationship (unselbständige Gestaltungsrechte)) and from all present and future 
German law contracts the Issuer has entered or may enter into in connection with the Notes, the Subordinated 
Loan, the Swap Agreements or the Receivables. In addition, the Issuer pledged to the Security Trustee all its 
present and future claims against the Security Trustee arising under the Trust Agreement. 
After the occurrence of an Enforcement Event, the Security Trustee will at its reasonable discretion foreclose 
or enforce or cause the foreclosure or the enforcement of the Security. 
The Issuer, acting for and on behalf of its Compartment 7 has entered into a Trust Agreement, a Deed of 
Charge and Assignment and an Assignation in Security. 
In the Trust Agreement, the Issuer has undertaken to pay the Security Trustee, under the same terms and 
conditions, an amount equal to the aggregate of all its undertakings, liabilities and obligations to all the 
Transaction Creditors (including the holders of the Notes) pursuant to the Transaction Documents (the 
"Trustee Claim"). 
To provide collateral for the Trustee Claim, the Issuer assigns to the Security Trustee all its claims and other 
rights arising from the German Transaction Documents (with the exception of claims and other rights arising 
from the Trust Agreement) for the avoidance of doubt (including the rights to unilaterally alter a legal 
relationship (unselbständige Gestaltungsrechte)) and from all present and future German law contracts the 
Issuer has entered or may enter into from time to time in connection with the Transaction Documents.  
Deed of Charge and Assignment and Assignation in Security 
In addition, the Instruments are secured and share the same Security with the other Secured Obligations of 
the Issuer as set out in the Deed of Charge and Assignment (including any supplements) and the Assignation 
in Security. 
The Security granted by the Issuer pursuant to the Deed of Charge and Assignment (including any 
supplements), includes: 
(a) 
an assignment by way of first fixed security of the Benefit of all of its present and future right, title 
and interest to, in and under the English Receivables and the Northern Irish Receivables; 
(b) 
an assignment by way of first fixed security of the Benefit of all of its present and future right, title 
and interest to, in and under: 
(i) 
the Charged Transaction Documents;

--- Page 102 ---
- 91 - 
 
 
 
(ii) 
each other contract, agreement, deed and document, present and future, to which the Issuer 
is or becomes a party, including, without limitation, all rights to receive payment of any 
amounts which may become payable to the Issuer thereunder and all payments received by 
the Issuer thereunder from time to time, all rights to serve notices and/or make demands 
thereunder and/or to take such steps as are required to cause payments to become due and 
payable thereunder and all rights of action in respect of any breach thereof and all rights to 
receive damages or obtain other relief in respect thereof; 
(c) 
a first fixed charge over the Benefit of the Accounts of the Issuer, other than any such accounts 
situated outside England and Wales (and any replacement therefor), and all of its other book debts, 
present and future, the proceeds of the same and all other moneys due and payable to it and the 
benefit of all rights, securities and guarantees of any nature enjoyed or held by it in relation to any of 
the foregoing; and 
(d) 
a first floating charge over the whole of the Issuer's undertaking and all the Issuer's property, assets 
and rights whatsoever and wheresoever present and future including the Issuer's uncalled capital 
(excluding any property or assets from time to time or for the time being effectively charged by way 
of fixed charge or assigned by way of security, but excepting from the foregoing exclusion the whole 
of the Issuer's undertaking, property assets and rights situated in Scotland or otherwise governed by 
Scots law all of which are charged by the floating charge). 
In addition, as continuing security for the payment or discharge of the Secured Obligations, the Issuer granted 
and will grant Assignations in Security in favour of the Security Trustee, for itself and on trust for the 
Transaction Creditors relative to the Scottish Declarations of Trust under which VWFS holds and will hold in 
trust for the Issuer, inter alia, all its present and future rights, title and interest in, to and under the Scottish 
Receivables. 
Servicer 
Subject to revocation by the Issuer after a Servicer Replacement Event, the Issuer has appointed VWFS as 
the Servicer to provide the Services to the Issuer in relation to the Financing Contracts and the Receivables, 
and also to exercise certain of the Issuer's rights in respect of the Financing Contracts and the Receivables, 
all as further described below under "ADMINISTRATION OF THE PURCHASED RECEIVABLES UNDER 
THE SERVICING AGREEMENT". 
Dismissal and Replacement of the Servicer 
After a Servicer Replacement Event, the Issuer is entitled to dismiss the Servicer as outlined in the Servicing 
Agreement. 
Notices 
Notices to the Noteholders will be validly given if transmitted individually to the address set out in the Register 
for such Noteholder. 
As long as a Global Note is registered in the name of the Registered Holder notices to each respective 
Noteholder may be validly given if transmitted to Euroclear and Clearstream Luxembourg for further 
communication to the persons shown as holders of the Notes in their records. Any notice so given shall be 
deemed to have been given to all Noteholders on the seventh day after the day on which the said notice was 
given to Euroclear and Clearstream Luxembourg. 
In addition, as long as the Notes are listed on the official list of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange and the rules 
of such exchange so require, all notices to the Noteholders regarding the Notes shall be published on the 
website of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange (www.luxse.com). Any notice referred to above shall be deemed 
to have been given to all Noteholders on the seventh day after the day on which the said notice was published 
on the website of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange (www.luxse.com). Should an official listing be absent, 
then such notices shall be published in the German Federal Gazette (Bundesanzeiger). 
Taxes

--- Page 103 ---
- 92 - 
 
 
 
Payments under the Instruments shall only be made after the deduction and withholding of current or future 
taxes, levies or government charges, regardless of their nature, which are imposed, raised or collected 
(hereinafter collectively referred to as "taxes") on the basis of the applicable laws of, or for the account of, an 
authority or government agency authorised to levy taxes or of any country which claims fiscal jurisdiction, to 
the extent that such a collection is prescribed by applicable law (or pursuant to FATCA). The Issuer shall 
render an account of the deducted or withheld taxes accruing to the competent government agencies and 
shall, upon a Noteholder's or Lender's request, provide proof thereof. It is not obliged to pay any additional 
amounts as a result of the deduction or withholding. 
Limited Recourse and Non-petition 
The Instruments and the Subordinated Loan represent obligations of the Issuer only, and do not represent 
obligations of the Arranger, the Lead Manager, the Lenders, the Security Trustee, VWFS or VW Bank or any 
of its Affiliates (together the "Volkswagen Group") or any Affiliate of the Issuer or any other third person or 
entity. Neither the Arranger, nor the Lead Manager, nor the Lenders, nor the Security Trustee, nor VWFS, 
nor the Volkswagen Group, nor any Affiliate of the Issuer, nor any other third person or entity, assume any 
liability to the Noteholders if the Issuer fails to make a payment due under the Notes or the Subordinated 
Loan. 
All payment obligations of the Issuer under the Instruments and the Subordinated Loan constitute limited 
recourse obligations to pay only the Available Distribution Amount which includes, inter alia, amounts received 
by the Issuer under the Purchased Receivables and under the other Transaction Documents. The Available 
Distribution Amount may not be sufficient to pay amounts accrued under the Instruments, which may result 
in an Interest Shortfall as defined in the Master Definitions Schedule, however, an Interest Shortfall other than 
non-payment of interest on the most senior Instruments (subject to the expiry of the 5 Business Day grace 
period) will not constitute a Foreclosure Event. The Instruments shall not give rise to any payment obligation 
in addition to the foregoing. The enforcement of the payment obligations under the Instruments and the 
Subordinated Loan shall only be effected by the Security Trustee in accordance with the Trust Agreement. A 
Foreclosure Event will, following the service of an Enforcement Notice by the Security Trustee, result in the 
enforcement of the collateral held by the Security Trustee. If the Security Trustee enforces the claims under 
the Instruments and/or the Subordinated Loan, such enforcement will be limited to those assets which were 
transferred to the Security Trustee and to any other assets of the Issuer. To the extent that such assets, or 
the proceeds of the realisation thereof, prove ultimately insufficient to satisfy the claims of all Noteholders, all 
Lenders, the Subordinated Lender or Swap Counterparties in full, then any shortfall arising shall be 
extinguished and neither any Noteholder, any Lender, nor the Security Trustee shall have any further claims 
against the Issuer. Such assets and proceeds shall be deemed to be "ultimately insufficient" at such time 
when no further assets are available and no further proceeds can be realised therefrom to satisfy any 
outstanding claims of the Noteholders, and neither assets nor proceeds will be so available thereafter. 
If any of the events which require the Security Trustee to take action should occur, the Security Trustee will 
have legal access to the Security (see the section "TRUST AGREEMENT" below) only. The Security Trustee 
itself is not a guarantor, nor have any guarantees been given by other parties, with respect to which the 
Security Trustee could assert claims on behalf of the Noteholders and/or the Subordinated Lender. 
None of the Noteholders (nor any other Person acting on behalf of any of them) or the Lenders shall be 
entitled at any time until the expiry of at least one year and one day after the Final Maturity Date, to institute 
against the Issuer; or join in any institution against the Issuer of, any insolvency proceedings in connection 
with any obligations of the Issuer relating to the Instruments, save for lodging a claim in the liquidation of the 
Issuer which is initiated by another Person who is not a Noteholder or a party to any Transaction Document. 
Applicable Law, Place of Performance and Place of Jurisdiction 
The form and content of the Instruments and all of the rights and obligations of the Noteholders, the Lenders, 
the Issuer, the Principal Paying Agent and the Servicer under the Instruments shall be subject in all respects 
to the laws of Germany.  
Place of performance and venue for legal proceedings is Frankfurt am Main, Germany.

--- Page 104 ---
- 93 - 
 
 
 
For any litigation in connection with the Conditions of the Instruments, which will be initiated against the Issuer 
in a court of Germany, the Issuer has appointed Intertrust (Deutschland) GmbH, Eschersheimer Landstraße 
14, 60322 Frankfurt am Main, Germany, to accept service of process. 
Claims arising from the Instruments including claims for payment of interest and principal shall be prescribed 
in accordance with general prescription rules under German law, i.e. either (i) upon the expiry of three years 
after the end of the year in which the respective claim has come into existence and in which the creditor of 
such claim had knowledge of such claim (or did not have such knowledge due to its own gross negligence) 
or (ii) in any event upon the expiry of ten years. 
Modifications 
Save in respect of a Benchmark Rate Modification undertaken in accordance with Notes Condition 12(c) 
(Amendments to the Conditions and Benchmark Rate Modification) or Loan Condition 11.3 (Amendments to 
the Conditions and Benchmark Rate Modification), as applicable, the Conditions may only be modified 
through contractual agreement to be concluded between the Issuer and all Noteholders of each Series of the 
relevant Class of Notes or all Lenders of the relevant Schuldschein Loan as provided for in Sec. 4 of the 
German 
Debenture 
Act 
(Gesetz 
über 
Schuldverschreibungen 
aus 
Gesamtemissionen 
(Schuldverschreibungsgesetz - SchVG)) with a prior notification to the Rating Agencies (to the extent such 
Series of Notes is rated) or by a Noteholder's or Lender's, as applicable, resolution adopted with unanimous 
consent of the Noteholders of such Series of the relevant Class of Notes or the Lenders of the relevant 
Schuldschein Loan, as applicable, pursuant to Sections 5 to 22 of the aforementioned act. The German 
Debenture Act (Gesetz über Schuldverschreibungen aus Gesamtemissionen (Schuldverschreibungsgesetz - 
SchVG)) shall apply mutatis mutandis to the Schuldschein Loans. 
The Conditions and any Transaction Document may be amended for the purposes of effecting a Benchmark 
Rate Modification without the consent of the Noteholders (subject to and in accordance with the mechanism 
in Notes Condition 12s (Amendments to the Conditions and Benchmark Rate Modification) and Loan 
Condition 11 (Amendments to the Conditions and Benchmark Rate Modification)). The Issuer is required to 
provide the Transaction Creditors (including the Swap Counterparties) with at least 30 days' notice of the 
proposed modifications to the Alternative Benchmark Rate which shall apply in respect of the Conditions and 
the Swap Agreements for the purposes of determining the floating amount payable by the floating rate payer 
in respect of the Swap Agreements without a requirement for the consent of the relevant Swap Counterparty 
to such change in the benchmark rate and to such other related or consequential amendments to the 
Transaction Documents (including, if applicable, the Swap Agreements) as are necessary or advisable in the 
reasonable judgment of the Issuer to facilitate the Benchmark Rate Modification and, in the case of such other 
related or consequential amendments to the Transaction Documents, the Issuer has obtained the consent of 
any other Transaction Creditors which are not Noteholders and Lenders in accordance with the provisions of 
the Incorporated Terms Memorandum. 
The Issuer will also be entitled to amend any term or provision of the Conditions with the consent of the 
Security Trustee, but without the consent of any Noteholder, any Lender, any Swap Counterparty, the 
Subordinated Lender, the Arranger, the Lead Manager or any other Person if it is advised by a third party 
authorised under Article 28 of the UK Securitisation Regulation, as applicable, or a reputable international 
law firm that such amendments are required for the Transaction to comply with the EU Securitisation 
Regulation or the UK Securitisation Regulation, as applicable, or any regulatory and/or implementing 
technical standards adopted under the EU Securitisation Regulation or any directions, secondary legislation, 
guidance, regulatory technical standards, implementing technical standards and related documents published 
by the FCA and the PRA of the United Kingdom under the UK Securitisation Regulation. Any such amendment 
shall only become valid, by giving ten (10) Business Days prior notice to the Noteholders, to the Lenders and 
the Rating Agencies in writing, including by e-mail. Insofar as such amendments relate to the originator or 
Seller, any amendments in order to comply with the EU Securitisation Regulation shall not result in any non-
compliance with the UK Securitisation Regulation and insofar as such amendments relate to the Issuer, any 
amendments in order to comply with the UK Securitisation Regulation shall not result in any non-compliance 
with the EU Securitisation Regulation.

--- Page 105 ---
- 94 - 
 
 
 
ABSTRACT OF THE OTHER PRINCIPAL TRANSACTION DOCUMENTS 
Trust Agreement 
The Issuer has entered into the Trust Agreement with, amongst others, the Security Trustee and VWFS. 
Under the Trust Agreement the Issuer has instructed and authorised the Security Trustee to act as fiduciary 
agent for the Transaction Creditors. The Security Trustee is not affiliated with the Issuer or VWFS and 
maintains no relationships other than arm's length business relationships with the Issuer and VWFS.  
The Trust Agreement creates the Trustee Claim of the Security Trustee against the Issuer pursuant to which 
the Security Trustee shall be entitled to demand that the Issuer makes all payments owed to the Transaction 
Creditors directly or, in the event of non-performance, to the Security Trustee for transfer of such amounts to 
the respective Transaction Creditors. 
To provide collateral for the Trustee Claim, the Issuer assigns to the Security Trustee all its claims and other 
rights arising from the German Transaction Documents (with the exception of claims and other rights arising 
from the Trust Agreement) for the avoidance of doubt (including the rights to unilaterally alter a legal 
relationship (unselbständige Gestaltungsrechte)) and from all present and future German law contracts the 
Issuer has entered or may enter into from time to time in connection with the Transaction Documents. 
The Security Trustee is not obliged to monitor the performance of the duties of the Issuer under the 
Instruments, the Conditions, the Subordinated Loan or any other Transaction Documents to which the Issuer 
is a party. All rights of the Noteholders and the Lenders shall remain at all times and under all circumstances 
vested in the Noteholders and the Lenders, as applicable. 
In addition, the Issuer pledges to the Security Trustee all its present and future claims against the Security 
Trustee arising under the Trust Agreement. The parties to the Trust Agreement have agreed that the Security 
Trustee, under the Trust Agreement, shall act exclusively for the benefit of the Transaction Creditors.  
Except as expressly provided for otherwise in the Trust Agreement, the Security Trustee is not required to 
monitor the fulfilment of the Issuer's obligations under the Instruments, the Conditions or any other 
Transaction Document. 
Notwithstanding the provisions of the Trust Agreement, all rights of the Noteholders under the Notes shall 
remain at all times and under all circumstances vested in the Noteholders. 
Subject to the occurrence of a Foreclosure Event, amounts generally will not be due and payable on any 
Instrument on any Payment Date prior to the Final Maturity Date of that Instrument except to the extent there 
are sufficient funds in the Available Distribution Amount and the General Cash Collateral Amount to pay such 
amounts in accordance with the Order of Priority. 
Amounts received by the Issuer (or the Cash Administrator on its behalf) which constitute Excess Swap 
Collateral, Swap Tax Credits and Swap Replacement Proceeds (only to the extent such Swap Replacement 
Proceeds are applied directly to pay a Swap Termination Payment due and payable by the Issuer to the 
outgoing Swap Counterparty) shall, to the extent due and payable under the terms of such Swap Agreement, 
be paid by the Cash Administrator on behalf of the Issuer directly to the relevant Swap Counterparty without 
regard to the Order of Priority. 
VWFS will be entitled to amend the Trust Agreement with the consent of the Issuer if such amendment is 
notified to the Security Trustee and the Rating Agencies and that such amendment will not, according to the 
Security Trustee, be materially prejudicial to the interests of any of the Transaction Creditors, or to the extent 
that any Transaction Creditors are materially affected by such amendment, all such Transaction Creditors 
have consented to it. If the amendment relates to the amount, the currency or the timing of the cash-flow 
received by the Issuer under the Purchased Receivables, the application of such cash-flow by the Issuer, or 
the ranking of a Swap Counterparty in the Order of Priority, then the consent of the Swap Counterparty will 
be required. 
For the complete text of the Trust Agreement please see "TRUST AGREEMENT" of this Base Prospectus.

--- Page 106 ---
- 95 - 
 
 
 
Schuldschein Loans 
Under the Programme Agreement, the Issuer may request from each Lender, on the Initial Issue Date and 
each Further Issue Date, an Initial Loan or a Further Loan, as applicable, for which such Lender has accepted 
a Drawdown Request, and the respective Lender undertakes to make available to the Issuer such Initial Loan 
or Further Loan, as applicable, against delivery of a Schuldschein pursuant to clause 3.5 (Delivery and 
Payment) of the Programme Agreement.  
Each Schuldschein Loan shall be evidenced by up-to certificate of indebtedness (Schuldschein) (each a 
"Schuldschein") and which will be delivered to the respective Lender or the Corporate Services Provider on 
its behalf.  
Upon repayment of a Schuldschein Loan in full, the respective Lender (i) shall invalidate the original 
Schuldschein and send, or (ii) if the original Schuldschein is held by the Corporate Services Provider as 
custodian of the respective Lender, shall instruct the Corporate Services Provider as custodian of such Lender 
to invalidate the Schuldschein and send, a scanned copy of the Schuldschein to the Issuer with a copy to the 
Principal Paying Agent and send the original Schuldschein immediately thereafter. The repayment of any 
Schuldschein Loan shall be made by the Issuer to the account of the respective Lender specified in the 
Register. 
If and to the extent on any Issue Date an existing Schuldschein Loan is to be repaid and a new Schuldschein 
Loan is being borrowed from the same Lender, the Issuer shall be entitled to set off the amount repayable by 
it to any such Lender upon repayment of the existing Schuldschein Loan against the relevant amount to be 
disbursed in respect of the new Schuldschein Loan (rollover). For the avoidance of doubt, the Lender is not 
entitled to refuse the rollover. Any such rollover must be declared by the Issuer in the respective Drawdown 
Request.  
The Senior Schuldschein Loans constitute direct, unconditional and secured obligations of the Issuer. The 
Senior Schuldschein Loans rank pari passu among themselves and with the Class A Notes. The Junior 
Schuldschein Loan constitute direct, unconditional and secured obligations of the Issuer. The Junior 
Schuldschein Loan rank pari passu among themselves and with the Class B Notes.The Junior Schuldschein 
Loans rank junior to the Senior Schuldschein Loans and the Class A Notes but senior to the Subrodinated 
Loan with respect to payment of interest and principal as described in the Order of Priority. 
Without limiting the rights of a Lender to transfer its rights and claims under the Schuldschein Loans by the 
terms of the relevant Accession Agreement, a Lender may not assign but may transfer any rights, claims and 
obligations under a Schuldschein Loan (including the related economic risk), whether in whole or in part, to 
any third party only if:  
(a) 
it has first offered the rights and claims under the Schuldschein Loan for transfer to the Seller and the 
Seller has declined such offer; 
(b) 
any partial amounts so transferred shall be equal or higher than GBP 10,000,000 or integral multiples 
thereof;  
(c) 
the transfer does not result in any tax liabilities of the Issuer or any requirement on the Issuer to deduct 
or withhold amounts for or on account of tax from any payments in respect of this Schuldschein Loan 
and the Lender provides to the Issuer a withholding tax confirmation equivalent to that set out in clause 
5(d) (and where applicable, the request set out at clause 5(e)) of the Transfer Certificate; 
(d) 
the transfer agreement is made in writing substantially in the form of the transfer certificate set out in 
Annex 3 to the relevant Schuldschein Loan; and 
(e) 
the relevant transferee has entered into an Accession Agreement with the relevant parties thereto to 
effect the transferee's accession to the Incorporated Terms Memorandum, the Trust Agreement and 
the Programme Agreement.

--- Page 107 ---
- 96 - 
 
 
 
Following such transfer, the transferee shall assume the respective position of the original Lender and shall 
be entitled to exercise its creditors rights severally as if (to the extent) it (the transferee) would have been an 
original party to the relevant Schuldschein Loan.  
Swap Agreements 
The Issuer will enter into a Swap Agreement with respect to each Series of Notes with the swap counterparty 
for such Series of Notes (the swap counterparty so specified being the "Swap Counterparty"), as described 
in the section "THE SWAP COUNTERPARTIES" below. Each Swap Agreement will hedge the floating 
interest rate risk in respect of the applicable Series of Notes. 
If a Swap Counterparty suffers a ratings downgrade and ceases to be an Eligible Swap Counterparty, the 
Issuer may terminate the relevant Swap Agreement if the Swap Counterparty fails, within a set period of time, 
to take certain actions intended to mitigate the effects of such downgrade. Such actions could include the 
relevant Swap Counterparty collateralising its obligations as a referenced amount calculated in accordance 
with a credit support annex to the 2002 ISDA Master Agreement, transferring its obligations to a replacement 
Swap Counterparty or procuring a guarantee. 
Under each Swap Agreement relating to the Senior Instruments (except for the Senior Schuldschein Loan 
2023-2) the Issuer will undertake to pay to the respective Swap Counterparty on each Payment Date an 
amount equal to the amount of interest on the nominal amount of the Senior Instruments (except for the 
Senior Schuldschein Loan 2023-2) outstanding on each Payment Date, calculated on the basis of a fixed rate 
of interest of 5.285 per cent per annum on the basis of Act/365. The respective Swap Counterparty will 
undertake to pay to the Issuer on each Payment Date an amount equal to the floating rate of interest on such 
outstanding nominal amount of the Senior Instruments (except for the Senior Schuldschein Loan 2023-2), 
calculated on the basis of Compounded Daily SONIA plus 0.78 per cent. per annum on the basis of Act/365.  
Under the Swap Agreement relating to the Senior Schuldschein Loan 2023-2, the Issuer will undertake to pay 
to the respective Swap Counterparty on each Payment Date an amount equal to the amount of interest on 
the nominal amount of the Senior Schuldschein Loan 2023-2 outstanding on each Payment Date, calculated 
on the basis of a fixed rate of interest of 4.9640 per cent per annum on the basis of Act/365. The respective 
Swap Counterparty will undertake to pay to the Issuer on each Payment Date an amount equal to the floating 
rate of interest on such outstanding nominal amount of the Senior Schuldschein Loan 2023-2, calculated on 
the basis of Compounded Daily SONIA plus 0.85 per cent. per annum on the basis of Act/365. 
Under each Swap Agreement relating to the Junior Instruments (except for the Junior Schuldschein Loan 
2023-2) the Issuer will undertake to pay to the respective Swap Counterparty on each Payment Date an 
amount equal to the amount of interest on the nominal amount of the Junior Instruments (except for the Junior 
Schuldschein Loan 2023-2) outstanding on each Payment Date, calculated on the basis of a fixed rate of 
interest of 6.15 per cent per annum on the basis of Act/365. The respective Swap Counterparty will undertake 
to pay to the Issuer on each Payment Date an amount equal to the floating rate of interest on such outstanding 
nominal amount of the Junior Instruments (except for the Junior Schuldschein Loan 2023-2), calculated on 
the basis of Compounded Daily SONIA plus 1.70 per cent. per annum on the basis of Act/365. 
Under the Swap Agreement relating to the Junior Schuldschein Loan 2023-2, the Issuer will undertake to pay 
to the respective Swap Counterparty on each Payment Date an amount equal to the amount of interest on 
the nominal amount of the Junior Schuldschein Loan 2023-2 outstanding on each Payment Date, calculated 
on the basis of a fixed rate of interest of 5.9160 per cent per annum on the basis of Act/365. The respective 
Swap Counterparty will undertake to pay to the Issuer on each Payment Date an amount equal to the floating 
rate of interest on such outstanding nominal amount of the Junior Schuldschein Loan 2023-2, calculated on 
the basis of Compounded Daily SONIA plus 1.80 per cent. per annum on the basis of Act/365. 
Payments under each Swap Agreement will be exchanged on a net basis on each Payment Date. Payments 
made by the Issuer under the Swap Agreements, comprising (i) Net Swap Payments (being the net amounts 
with respect to regularly scheduled payments owed by the Issuer to the Swap Counterparty (but excluding 
termination payments and other amounts payable to the Swap Counterparty under the Swap Agreement)) 
and (ii) swap termination payments (other than termination payments related to an event of default under the 
Swap Agreements where the relevant Swap Counterparty is a defaulting party (as defined in the Swap

--- Page 108 ---
- 97 - 
 
 
 
Agreements), or a termination event due to the failure by the relevant Swap Counterparty to take the required 
action after a downgrade of its credit rating) rank higher in priority than all payments on the Instruments.  
Payments by the relevant Swap Counterparty to the Issuer under each Swap Agreement (except for payments 
by the relevant Swap Counterparty into any Counterparty Downgrade Collateral Account relating to such 
Swap Counterparty) will be made into the Distribution Account and will, to the extent necessary, be increased 
to ensure that such payments are free and clear of all taxes. 
The events of default applicable to the Issuer under the Swap Agreements are limited to if, among other 
things, the Issuer fails to make a payment under a Swap Agreement when due and such failure is not 
remedied within three (3) Business Days of notice of such failure being given or certain bankruptcy and 
insolvency events occurring with respect to the Issuer. 
Events of default under the Swap Agreements applicable to the relevant Swap Counterparty include, the 
following: 
(a) 
failure to make a payment under the relevant Swap Agreement when due, if such failure is not 
remedied within three Business Days (as applicable) of notice of such failure being given; or 
(b) 
the occurrence of certain bankruptcy and insolvency events. 
Termination events under each Swap Agreement include, among other things, the following: 
(a) 
illegality of the transactions contemplated by the Swap Agreements; 
(b) 
an Enforcement Event under the Trust Agreement occurs or prepayment in full, but not in part, of the 
Instruments occurs; or 
(c) 
failure of the Swap Counterparty to maintain its credit rating at certain levels required by the Swap 
Agreement, which failure may not constitute a termination event if (in the time set forth in the 
applicable Swap Agreement) the Swap Counterparty: 
(i) 
posts an amount of collateral (in the form of cash and/or securities) as calculated in 
accordance with the credit support annex to each Swap Agreement; or 
(ii) 
obtains a guarantee from an institution with an acceptable rating; or 
(iii) 
assigns its rights and obligations under the Swap Agreement to a successor Swap 
Counterparty with an acceptable rating; or 
(iv) 
takes such other action in order to maintain the rating of the Notes, or to restore the rating 
of the Notes to the level it would have been at immediately prior to such downgrade. 
A segregated Counterparty Downgrade Collateral Account in respect of each Swap Counterparty will be 
established with the Counterparty Downgrade Collateral Account Bank upon the downgrade of a Swap 
Counterparty's rating within ten (10) Business Days and security created over such account in favour of the 
Security Trustee in accordance with provisions in the Account Agreement and the Trust Agreement. Any cash 
collateral or securities collateral posted to such Counterparty Downgrade Collateral Account as a result of a 
ratings downgrade (as referred to in paragraph Termination of the Swap Agreements above) shall be recorded 
on a specific collateral ledger and any cash collateral shall bear interest. Such collateral shall be segregated 
from the Distribution Account and from the general cash flow of the Issuer and shall not constitute Collections. 
Collateral posted to such Counterparty Downgrade Collateral Account is solely for the purposes of, and in 
connection with, collateralising the Swap Agreements. 
Upon the occurrence of any event of default or termination event specified in a Swap Agreement, the non-
defaulting party (in case of an event of default), or the party affected or burdened by a termination event 
pursuant to the provisions of the Swap Agreements may, after a period of time set forth in the Swap 
Agreement, elect to terminate such Swap Agreement. If a Swap Agreement is terminated due to an event of 
default or a termination event, a Swap Termination Payment may be due to the Swap Counterparty by the

--- Page 109 ---
- 98 - 
 
 
 
Issuer out of its available funds. The amount of any such Swap Termination Payment may be based on the 
actual cost or market quotations of the cost of entering into a similar swap transaction or such other 
calculations as may be required under the Swap Agreement, in each case in accordance with the procedures 
set forth in the Swap Agreement. Any such Swap Termination Payment could, if market rates or other 
conditions have changed materially, be substantial. The Swap Termination Payment required to be made by 
the Issuer to a Swap Counterparty will rank higher in priority than all payments under the relevant Series of 
Notes except as explained above in paragraph 'Termination payment priorities and subordination'. In such 
event, the Receivables and the General Cash Collateral Amount may be insufficient to satisfy the required 
payments under the Instrument and the Noteholders or the Lenders may experience delays and/or reductions 
in the interest and principal payments due in respect of such Instrument.  
If a Swap Termination Payment is due to the Swap Counterparty, any Swap Replacement Proceeds shall, to 
the extent of that Swap Termination Payment, be remitted directly to the Counterparty Downgrade Collateral 
Account and shall be applied in payment of any Swap Termination Payments to the Swap Counterparty under 
the initial Swap Agreement without regard to the relevant Order of Priority and in accordance with the terms 
of the relevant Swap Agreement. If Swap Replacement Proceeds are insufficient to pay in full the Swap 
Termination Payment due to the initial Swap Counterparty, any shortfall shall be paid to such Swap 
Counterparty in accordance with the applicable Order of Priority. If Swap Replacement Proceeds exceed the 
Swap Termination Payment due to the initial Swap Counterparty, any excess shall be treated as part of the 
Available Distribution Amount.   
The relevant Swap Counterparty may at its own cost transfer its obligations under the Swap Agreement to a 
third party which is an Eligible Swap Counterparty. There can be no assurance that the credit quality of such 
replacement Swap Counterparty will ultimately prove as strong as that of the original Swap Counterparty. 
Servicing Agreement  
Subject to revocation by the Issuer after a Servicer Replacement Event, VWFS is instructed pursuant to the 
terms of the Servicing Agreement to act as Servicer in order to provide certain management and 
administrative services to the Issuer and the Security Trustee in relation to the portfolio of assets composed 
of the Purchased Receivables, the Servicing Agreement, any applicable laws, regulations, judgments and 
other directions or orders to which it may be subject and its Customary Operating Practices, devoting or 
procuring that there is devoted to the performance of its obligations under the Servicing Agreement at least 
the same amount of time and attention and that there is exercised the same level of skill, care and diligence 
in the performance of those obligations, the exercise of its discretions under the Servicing Agreement and its 
exercise of the rights of the Issuer and the Security Trustee in respect of the Purchased Receivables, the 
Financing Contracts and the Vehicles as it would if it were administering motor vehicle hire purchase 
agreements and personal contract purchases in respect of which it held the entire benefit (both legally and 
beneficially). 
VWFS, as the Servicer, is entitled to commingle funds such as Collections from the Purchased Receivables 
with its own funds during each Monthly Period in accordance with the following procedure: 
(a) 
if and as long as the Monthly Remittance Condition is satisfied, VWFS will be entitled to commingle 
funds representing Collections with its own funds during each Monthly Period and will be required to 
make a single deposit of such monthly Collections to the Distribution Account on each Payment Date; 
and 
(b) 
if and as long as the Monthly Remittance Condition is not satisfied, VWFS will be entitled to 
commingle funds representing Collections with its own funds during each Monthly Period only in 
accordance with the procedure outlined in detail in "ADMINISTRATION OF THE PURCHASED 
RECEIVABLES UNDER THE SERVICING AGREEMENT - Commingling". 
VWFS as Servicer undertakes to the Issuer that it will, for as long as the Class A Notes or (if possible in 
accordance with the Bank of England eligibility criteria in force from time to time) any other Class of Notes 
are intended to be held in a manner which will allow Bank of England eligibility, make loan level data in such 
a manner available as required to comply with the Bank of England eligibility criteria and transparency criteria

--- Page 110 ---
- 99 - 
 
 
 
for asset backed securities (as set out in detailed transparency requirements for asset backed securities and 
covered bonds - Market Notice dated 11 October 2019 as amended and applicable from time to time).  
EU Securitisation Regulation – EU Disclosure Requirements 
Under the Servicing Agreement VWFS as Servicer undertakes to the Issuer that, pursuant to the EU 
Securitisation Regulation, it will make the information available to the Noteholders, to the Lender, to 
competent authorities, as referred to in Article 29 of the EU Securitisation Regulation and to potential 
Noteholders and Lenders, that the Issuer is required to make available pursuant to and in compliance with 
the Securitisation Regulation (EU) Disclosure Requirements. The Servicer will make such information 
available via the EU Securitisation Repository. For the purposes of Article 7(2) of the EU Securitisation 
Regulation, the Seller and the Issuer have designated VWFS, in its capacity as originator, to fulfil the 
information requirements of Article 7(1) of the EU Securitisation Regulation. 
UK Securitisation Regulation – UK Disclosure Requirements 
Under the Servicing Agreement VWFS as Servicer undertakes to the Issuer that, pursuant to the UK 
Securitisation Regulation, it will make the information available to the Noteholders, to the Lenders, to the FCA 
and to potential Noteholders and Lenders, that the Issuer is required to make available pursuant to and in 
compliance with the Securitisation Regulation (UK) Disclosure Requirements. The Servicer will make such 
information available on the website of the European Data Warehouse (UK) (https://editor.eurodw.co.uk/). 
There is no requirement to report to a UK securitisation repository where the prospectus has not been 
approved by the FCA. For the purposes of Article 7(2) of the UK Securitisation Regulation, the Seller and the 
Issuer designate VWFS, in its capacity as originator, to fulfil the information requirements of Article 7(1) of the 
UK Securitisation Regulation. 
Information as to the present lending business procedures of VWFS are described in the sections entitled 
"BUSINESS PROCEDURES OF VOLKSWAGEN FINANCIAL SERVICES (UK) LIMITED" and 
"ADMINISTRATION OF THE PURCHASED RECEIVABLES UNDER THE SERVICING AGREEMENT" 
below, however, VWFS will be permitted to change those business procedures from time to time in its own 
discretion. 
The Servicer is permitted to delegate some or all of its duties to other entities, including its Affiliates and 
subsidiaries, although the Servicer will remain liable for the performance of any duties that it delegates to 
another entity.  
The Servicer will be entitled to receive a fee on each Payment Date for the relevant Monthly Period in 
accordance with the Order of Priority. The Servicer will pay all expenses incurred by it in connection with its 
collection activities and will not be entitled to reimbursement of those expenses. The Servicer will have no 
responsibility, however, to pay or fund any credit losses with respect to the Purchased Receivables. 
After a Servicer Replacement Event, the Issuer is entitled to dismiss the Servicer and is required to appoint 
a successor servicer in accordance with the provisions of the Servicing Agreement.  
Data Protection Trust Agreement 
In accordance with the Data Protection Trust Agreement, VWFS will: 
(a) 
make an encrypted list (with only the names and addresses and contract numbers of the respective 
Obligors) available to the Issuer (the "Data File"); and 
(b) 
deposit or cause to be deposited with the Data Protection Trustee a sealed containment key (the 
"Portfolio Decryption Key") (which is for the decryption of the Data File of the names and addresses 
of the respective Obligors for each contract number relating to a Financing Contract which relates to 
all Purchased Receivables). 
VWFS further undertakes, on or about each Payment Date, to update the encrypted list contained in the Data 
File, and to make such updated encrypted list available to the Issuer whilst at the same time ensuring that the

--- Page 111 ---
- 100 - 
 
 
 
Portfolio Decryption Key entrusted to the Data Protection Trustee remains valid and, if not, promptly make a 
new Portfolio Decryption Key available to the Data Protection Trustee. 
The Data Protection Trustee will carefully safeguard the Portfolio Decryption Key and protect it against 
unauthorised access by any third party. Delivery of the Portfolio Decryption Key is permissible only to (i) (at 
the request of the Security Trustee) a replacement Servicer or (ii) to the Seller or, at the request of the Seller 
or the Security Trustee, to the replacement Data Protection Trustee subject to applicable data protection laws 
and banking secrecy provisions. The Data Protection Trustee has agreed to notify the Obligors of the 
assignment of the Purchased Receivables to the Issuer and instruct the Obligors to make all payments in 
respect of the Purchased Receivables to the Distribution Account of the Issuer upon the occurrence of a 
Notification Event or upon delivery of a Notification Event Notice.

--- Page 112 ---
- 101 - 
 
 
 
Modifications 
Subject to clause 38 (Amendments) of the Trust Agreement, and save for any correction of a manifest or 
proven error or variation of a formal, minor or technical nature which may be made by the Security Trustee 
without the consent or sanction of any of the Noteholders, any of the Lenders, the Swap Counterparty, the 
Subordinated Lender, the Arranger, the Lead Manager or any other Person, any amendment, restatement or 
variation of a Transaction Document, is valid only if made in accordance with clause 5 (Amendments, 
Accession) of the Incorporated Terms Memorandum. 
VWFS will be entitled to unilaterally amend any term or provision of the Trust Agreement, with the consent of 
the Issuer but without the consent of any Lender, any Noteholder, any Swap Counterparties, the Subordinated 
Lender, the Arranger, the Lead Manager or any other Person; provided that such amendment shall only 
become valid: 
(a) 
if it is notified to the Security Trustee, the Rating Agencies and the Issuer and VWFS have received a 
confirmation (x) from the Security Trustee that in the sole professional judgment of the Security Trustee 
(as advised by, and/or relying upon the written opinion of, any independent merchant bank and/or legal 
advisers and/or other expert as it may need), such amendment will not be materially prejudicial to the 
interests of any such Transaction Creditor and (y) the Rating Agencies that the ratings then assigned 
to the Instruments will not be adversely affected by such amendment; and 
(b) 
if any of the amendments relate to the amount, the currency or the timing of the cash-flow received by 
the Issuer under the Purchased Receivables, the application of such cash-flow by the Issuer, or the 
ranking of the Swap Counterparties in the Order of Priority, then the consent of each Swap 
Counterparty will be required; and 
(c) 
in case of amendments which materially and adversely affect the interests of the Issuer, the Security 
Trustee, the Swap Counterparties and/or the Subordinated Lender if such Transaction Parties that are 
materially and adversely affected have consented to such amendment.  
The Conditions and any Transaction Document may be amended for the purposes of effecting a Benchmark 
Rate Modification without the consent of the Noteholders (subject to and in accordance with the mechanism 
in Notes Condition 12 (Amendments to the Conditions and Benchmark Rate Modification) and Loan Condition 
11 (Amendments to the Conditions and Benchmark Rate Modification)). Any Transaction Document may be 
amended with the consent of VWFS and the Security Trustee, but without the consent of any Noteholder, any 
Lender, any Swap Counterparty, the Subordinated Lender, the Arranger, the Lead Manager or any other 
Person if it is advised by a third party authorised under Article 28 of the UK Securitisation Regulation, as 
applicable, or a reputable international law firm that such amendments are required for the Transaction to 
comply with the EU Securitisation Regulation or the UK Securitisation Regulation, as applicable, or any 
regulatory and/or implementing technical standards adopted under the EU Securitisation Regulation or any 
directions, secondary legislation, guidance, regulatory technical standards, implementing technical standards 
and related documents published by the FCA and the PRA of the United Kingdom under the UK Securitisation 
Regulation. Any such amendment shall only become valid, by giving ten (10) Business Days prior notice to 
the Noteholders, to the Lenders and the Rating Agencies in writing, including by e-mail. Insofar as such 
amendments relate to the originator or Seller, any amendments in order to comply with the EU Securitisation 
Regulation shall not result in any non-compliance with the UK Securitisation Regulation and insofar as such 
amendments relate to the Issuer, any amendments in order to comply with the UK Securitisation Regulation 
shall not result in any non-compliance with the EU Securitisation Regulation.

--- Page 113 ---
- 102 - 
 
 
 
TAXATION 
The following information is of a general nature and is not intended as tax advice and does not purport to 
describe all of the tax considerations that may be relevant to a prospective investor in the Notes. It should be 
read in conjunction with the section entitled "RISK FACTORS". Potential investors in the Notes should satisfy 
themselves as to the overall tax consequences of purchasing, holding and/or selling the Notes and, therefore, 
should consult their professional tax advisors. 
The attention of prospective Noteholders is drawn to Notes Condition 9 (Taxes). 
Taxation in Luxembourg 
The statements herein regarding certain tax considerations effective in Luxembourg are based on the laws in 
force in the Grand Duchy of Luxembourg as of the date of this Base Prospectus and are subject to any 
changes in law. 
The following information is of a general nature only, it is not intended to be, nor should it be construed to be, 
legal or tax advice, and does not purport to be a comprehensive description of all the Luxembourg tax 
considerations which may be relevant to a decision to purchase, own or dispose of the Notes. Prospective 
investors in the Notes should therefore consult their own professional advisers as to particular circumstances, 
the effects of state, local or foreign laws, including Luxembourg tax law, to which they may be subject as a 
result of the purchase, ownership and disposition of the Notes and as to their tax position. 
Please be aware that the residence concept used under the respective headings below applies for 
Luxembourg income tax assessment purposes only. Any reference in the present section to a tax, duty, levy, 
impost or other charge or withholding of a similar nature refers to Luxembourg tax law and/or concepts only. 
Corporate income tax (impôt sur le revenu des collectivités), municipal business tax (impôt commercial 
communal), net wealth tax (impôt sur la fortune) as well as the solidarity surcharge invariably apply to most 
corporate taxpayers resident in Luxembourg for tax purposes. Any reference to a resident corporate 
Noteholder includes non-resident corporate Noteholders carrying out business activities through a permanent 
establishment or a permanent representative in Luxembourg to which assets would be attributable. Individual 
taxpayers are generally subject to personal income tax and the solidarity surcharge. Under certain 
circumstances, where an individual taxpayer acts in the course of the management of a professional or 
business undertaking, municipal business tax may apply as well. Investors may further be subject to other 
duties, levies or taxes. 
Withholding Tax 
Under Luxembourg tax law currently in effect and with the possible exception of interest paid to Luxembourg 
resident individual holders of the Notes, there is no Luxembourg withholding tax on payments of interest 
(including accrued but unpaid interest) or upon payment of principal in case of redemption or repurchase of 
the Notes. 
Payments under the Notes will only be made after deduction or withholding of any mandatory withholding or 
deductions on account of tax. The Issuer will not be required to pay additional amounts in respect of any such 
withholding or other deduction for or on account of any present or future taxes, duties or charges of whatever 
nature. See "TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THE NOTES — Condition 9 (Taxes)". 
(a) 
Non-resident Noteholders 
Under Luxembourg general tax law currently in force, there is no withholding tax on payments of 
principal, premium or interest made to non-resident Noteholders, nor on accrued but unpaid interest 
in respect of the Notes, nor is any Luxembourg withholding tax payable upon redemption, repurchase 
or exchange of the Notes held by non-resident Noteholders. 
(b) 
Resident Noteholders 
Subject to the Luxembourg law of 23 December 2005, as amended (the "Relibi Law"), there is under 
general tax laws currently in force no withholding tax on payments of principal, premium or interest

--- Page 114 ---
- 103 - 
 
 
 
made to resident Noteholders, nor on accrued but unpaid interest in respect of Notes, nor is any 
Luxembourg withholding tax payable upon redemption, repurchase or exchange of Notes held by 
Luxembourg resident Noteholders.   
Under the Relibi Law, payments of interest or similar income made or ascribed by a paying agent 
established in Luxembourg to or for the benefit of an individual beneficial owner who is resident of 
Luxembourg will be subject to a withholding tax of 20 per cent.  
The withholding tax applied in accordance with the Relibi Law will be in full discharge of income tax 
if the beneficial owner is an individual acting in the course of the management of his/her private 
wealth. Responsibility for the withholding of the tax will be assumed by the Luxembourg paying agent. 
Payments of interest under the Notes coming within the scope of the Relibi Law, as amended, would 
be subject to withholding tax of 20 per cent. 
Income Taxation 
(a) 
Non-resident Noteholders 
Non-resident Noteholders, not having a permanent establishment, a permanent representative, or a 
fixed place of business in Luxembourg to which the Notes or income thereon are attributable, are not 
subject to income taxes on income accrued or received, redemption premiums or issue discounts, 
under the Notes nor on capital gains realised on the sale, exchange or disposal of the Notes. Non-
resident corporate or individual holders acting in the course of the management of a professional or 
business undertaking, who have a permanent establishment, a permanent representative, or a fixed 
place of business in Luxembourg to which or to whom such Notes are attributable, are subject to 
Luxembourg income tax on interest accrued or received, redemption premiums or issue discounts, 
under the Notes and on any gains realised upon the sale, exchange or disposal of the Notes. 
(b) 
Resident Noteholders 
Luxembourg resident Noteholders will not be liable for any Luxembourg income tax on repayment of 
principal under the Notes. 
(i) resident individual Noteholders 
Resident individual Noteholders, acting in the course of the management of their private wealth, are 
subject to Luxembourg income tax at progressive rates in respect of interest or similar income 
received, redemption premiums or issue discounts, under the Notes, except if (i) withholding tax has 
been levied on such payments in accordance with the Relibi Law, or (ii) the individual holder of the 
Notes has opted for the application of a 20 per cent. tax in full discharge of income tax in accordance 
with the Relibi Law, which applies if a payment of interest has been made or ascribed by a paying 
agent established in an EU Member State (other than Luxembourg) or in a Member State of the 
European Economic Area (other than an EU Member State). 
A gain realised by resident individual Noteholders, acting in the course of the management of their 
private wealth, upon the sale, exchange or disposal, in any form whatsoever, of Notes is not subject 
to Luxembourg income tax, provided this sale, exchange or disposal took place more than six (6) 
months after the Notes were acquired. However, any portion of such gain corresponding to accrued 
but unpaid interest income is subject to Luxembourg income tax, except if tax has been levied on 
such interest in accordance with the Relibi Law.  
Resident Noteholders, acting in the course of the management of a professional or business 
undertaking must include interest or similar income received, redemption premiums or issue 
discounts, under the Notes, as well as any gain realised upon the sale, exchange or disposal, in any 
form whatsoever, of Notes, in their taxable basis, which will be subject to Luxembourg income tax at 
progressive rates. If applicable, the tax levied in accordance with the Relibi Law will be credited 
against his/her final tax liability.

--- Page 115 ---
- 104 - 
 
 
 
(ii) resident corporate Noteholders 
Resident corporate Noteholders must include any interest or similar income received, redemption 
premiums or issue discounts, under the Notes, as well as any gain realised upon the sale, exchange 
or disposal, in any form whatsoever, of the Notes, in their taxable income for Luxembourg income 
tax assessment purposes.  
Noteholders that are subject to and compliant with the law of 11 May 2007 on family estate 
management companies, as amended, or with the law of 17 December 2010 on undertakings for 
collective investment, as amended, or with the law of 13 February 2007 on specialised investment 
funds, as amended, or with the law of 23 July 2016 on reserved alternative investment funds, as 
amended, where the latter not exclusively investing in risk capital are subject neither to income tax 
in respect of interest or similar income received, redemption premiums or issue discounts, under the 
Notes, nor any gain realised upon the sale, exchange or disposal, in any form whatsoever, of the 
Notes. 
Net wealth taxation 
Resident corporate Noteholders as well as non-resident corporate Noteholders which maintain a permanent 
establishment, fixed place of business or a permanent representative in Luxembourg to which the Notes or 
income thereon are attributable, are subject to wealth tax on such Notes, except if the Noteholders are a 
family estate management company subject to and compliant with the law of 11 May 2007, as amended, or 
an undertaking for collective investment subject to and compliant with the law of 17 December 2010, as 
amended, or a securitisation vehicle subject to and compliant with the law of 22 March 2004 on securitisation, 
as amended, or a company subject to and compliant with the law of 15 June 2004 on venture capital vehicles, 
as amended, or a specialised investment fund subject to and compliant with the law of 13 February 2007 on 
specialised investment funds, as amended, or a pension-saving company or a pension-saving association 
subject to and compliant with the law of 13 July 2005, as amended, or a reserved alternative investment fund 
subject to and compliant with the law of 23 July 2016, as amended. 
Non-resident corporate Noteholders, not having a permanent establishment, a permanent representative, or 
a fixed place of business in Luxembourg to which the Notes or income thereon are attributable, as well as 
individual Noteholders, whether he/she is resident of Luxembourg or not, are not subject to wealth tax. 
The net wealth tax charge for a given year can be avoided or reduced if a specific reserve, equal to five times 
the net wealth tax to save, is created before the end of the subsequent tax year and maintained during the 
five following tax years. The net wealth tax reduction corresponds to one fifth of the reserve created, except 
that the maximum net wealth tax to be saved is limited to the corporate income tax amount due for the same 
tax year, including the employment fund surcharge, but before imputation of available tax credits. 
Corporate resident Noteholders will further be subject to (a) a minimum net wealth tax of EUR 4,815, if they 
hold assets such as fixed financial assets, receivables owed to affiliated companies, transferable securities, 
postal checking accounts, checks and cash, in a proportion that exceeds 90 per cent. of their total balance 
sheet value and if the total balance sheet value of these assets exceeds EUR 350,000, or (b) a minimum net 
wealth tax between EUR 535 and EUR 32,100 based on the total amount of its assets. Items (e.g., real estate 
properties or assets allocated to a permanent establishment) located in a treaty country, where the latter has 
the exclusive taxation right, are not considered for the calculation of the 90 per cent. threshold. 
Notwithstanding the above mentioned exceptions regarding net wealth tax, the minimum net wealth tax also 
applies if the resident corporate Noteholder is a securitization company subject to and compliant with the law 
of 22 March 2004 on securitization, as amended, or an investment company in risk capital subject to and 
compliant with the law of 15 June 2004 on venture capital vehicles, as amended, or a pension-saving 
company or a pension-saving association subject to and compliant with the law of 13 July 2005, as amended, 
or a reserved alternative investment fund investing exclusively in risk capital subject to and compliant with the 
law of 23 July 2016, as amended.

--- Page 116 ---
- 105 - 
 
 
 
Other taxes 
Stamp duties, value added taxes and similar taxes or duties 
Neither the issuance nor the transfer of Notes will give rise to any Luxembourg stamp duty, value-added tax, 
issuance tax, registration tax, transfer tax or similar taxes or duties, provided that the relevant issue or transfer 
agreement is not submitted to registration in Luxembourg which is not per se mandatory. 
However, a registration duty may be due upon the registration of the Notes in Luxembourg on a voluntary 
basis.  
Inheritance tax 
Where a Noteholder is a resident of Luxembourg for tax purposes at the time of his/her death, the Notes are 
included in his/her taxable estate for inheritance tax assessment purposes.  
Gift tax 
Gift tax may be due on a gift or donation of Notes if embodied in a Luxembourg deed passed in front of a 
notary or recorded in Luxembourg. 
Residence 
A holder of the Notes will not become resident, or deemed to be resident, in Luxembourg by reason only of 
the holding of such Notes or the execution, performance, delivery and/or enforcement in respect thereof. 
THE FOREGOING INFORMATION IS NOT EXHAUSTIVE; IT DOES NOT, IN PARTICULAR, DEAL WITH 
ALL TYPES OF TAXES NOR WITH THE POSITION OF INDIVIDUAL INVESTORS. PROSPECTIVE 
INVESTORS SHOULD, THEREFORE, CONSULT THEIR PROFESSIONAL ADVISORS.

--- Page 117 ---
- 106 - 
 
 
 
VERIFICATION BY PCS 
This Transaction has been verified by Prime Collateralised Securities (UK) Limited ("PCS") as being compliant 
with the criteria stemming from Articles 19, 20, 21 and 22 of the UK Securitisation Regulation (the "UK STS 
Verification"). There can be no assurance that the UK STS Verification shall not, under any circumstances, 
affect the liability of VWFS (as the originator for the purposes of the UK Securitisation Regulation) and the 
Issuer (as the SSPE for the purposes of the UK Securitisation Regulation) in respect of their legal obligations 
under the UK Securitisation Regulation, nor shall it affect the obligations imposed on institutional investors as 
set out in Article 5 of the UK Securitisation Regulation. 
  
The UK STS Verification is provided by PCS. The UK STS Verification is not a recommendation to buy, sell 
or hold securities, is not investment advice whether generally or as defined under Markets in Financial 
Instruments Directive (2004/39/EC) and is not a credit rating whether generally or as defined under the Credit 
Rating Agency Regulation (1060/2009/EC) or Section 3(a) of the United States Securities Exchange Act of 
1934 (as amended). PCS is not an "expert" as defined in the Securities Act. 
  
PCS is not a law firm and nothing in the UK STS Verification constitutes legal advice in any jurisdiction. PCS 
is authorised by the United Kingdom Financial Conduct Authority, pursuant to Article 28 of the UK 
Securitisation Regulation, to act as a third party verifying STS compliance. This authorisation covers STS 
Verifications in the United Kingdom.  
  
By providing the UK STS Verification in respect of any securities PCS does not express any views about the 
creditworthiness of the Notes or their suitability for any existing or potential investor or as to whether there 
will be a ready, liquid market for the Notes. Investors should conduct their own research regarding the nature 
of the UK STS Verification and must read the information set out in http://pcsmarket.org. In the provision of 
the UK STS Verification, PCS has based its decision on information provided directly and indirectly by the 
Seller. PCS does not undertake its own direct verification of the underlying facts stated in the prospectus, 
deal sheet, documentation or certificates for the Notes and the completion of the UK STS Verification is not 
a confirmation or implication that the information provided by or on behalf of the Seller as part of the UK STS 
Verification is accurate or complete. 
  
In completing an UK STS Verification, PCS bases its analysis on the STS criteria appearing in Articles 19 to 
22 of the UK Securitisation Regulation together with, if relevant, the appropriate provisions of Article 43, 
(together, the "UK STS Criteria"). Unless specifically mentioned in the UK STS Verification, PCS relies on 
the English version of the Securitisation Regulation. The task of interpreting individual UK STS Criteria rests 
with national competent authorities ("NCAs"). Any NCA may publish or otherwise publicly disseminate from 
time to time interpretations of specific criteria ("NCA Interpretations"). The UK STS criteria, as drafted in the 
UK Securitisation Regulation, are subject to a potentially wide variety of interpretations. In compiling an UK 
STS Verification, PCS uses its discretion to interpret the UK STS criteria based on (a) the text of the UK 
Securitisation Regulation, (b) any relevant guidelines issued by FCA and (c) any relevant NCA Interpretation. 
There can be no guarantees that any regulatory authority or any court of law interpreting the UK STS criteria 
will agree with the interpretation of PCS. There can be no guarantees that any future guidelines issued by 
FCA or NCA Interpretations may not differ in their approach from those used by PCS in interpreting any UK 
STS criterion prior to the issuance of such new guideline or interpretation. In particular, guidelines issued by 
FCA are not binding on any NCA. There can be no guarantees that any interpretation by any NCA will be the 
same as that set out in the FCA guidelines and therefore used, prior to the publication of such NCA 
interpretation, by PCS in completing an UK STS Verification. Although PCS will use all reasonable 
endeavours to ascertain the position of any relevant NCA as to UK STS criteria interpretation, PCS cannot 
guarantee that it will have been made aware of any NCA interpretation in cases where such interpretation 
has not been officially published by the relevant NCA. Accordingly, the provision of an UK STS Verification is 
only an opinion by PCS and not a statement of fact. It is not a guarantee or warranty that any national 
competent authority, court, investor or any other person will accept the STS status of the relevant 
securitisation. 
  
All PCS Services speak only as of the date on which they are issued. PCS has no obligation to monitor (nor 
any intention to monitor) any securitisation the subject of any PCS Service. PCS has no obligation and does 
not undertake to update any PCS Service to account for (a) any change of law or regulatory interpretation or

--- Page 118 ---
- 107 - 
 
 
 
(b) any act or failure to act by any person relating to those STS Criteria that speak to actions taking place 
following the close of any transaction such as, without limitation, the obligation to continue to provide certain 
mandated information.

--- Page 119 ---
- 108 - 
 
 
 
DESCRIPTION OF THE PORTFOLIO 
The Receivables Purchase Agreement 
On each Purchase Date on or after the Closing Date, VWFS may sell to the Issuer and the Issuer may 
purchase from VWFS all rights, title and interest of VWFS to the Receivables specified by VWFS in the 
relevant Notice of Sale. Each such sale is made by way of absolute assignment and, accordingly, VWFS, 
with full title guarantee, and so far as relating to the Northern Irish Receivables, as beneficial owner, and so 
far as relating to the Scottish Receivables (which will be held in trust), with absolute warrandice, assigned 
and will assign and agree to assign to (or hold in trust for) the Issuer all of its rights, title and interest in and 
to each Receivable, including to the fullest extent possible under applicable law, all Ancillary Rights related 
to such Receivables but excluding the Excluded Amounts. These will be equitable assignments until they are 
perfected following the occurrence of a Notification Event. 
VWFS is the "originator" for the purposes of Article 2(3) of the UK Securitisation Regulation and the EU 
Securitisation Regulation. VWFS is legally bound to comply with the provisions of the UK Securitisation 
Regulation and contractually agrees to comply with the provisions of the EU Securitisation Regulation. All 
Receivables included in the Portfolio have been originated by VWFS and are sold to the Issuer by VWFS in 
its capacity as Seller. 
Clean-Up Call Option 
Under the Receivables Purchase Agreement, VWFS will have the right at its option but not the obligation, to 
require the Issuer to exercise the Clean-Up Call Option and to repurchase the Purchased Receivables from 
the Issuer at any time when the Aggregate Discounted Receivables Balances of all outstanding Purchased 
Receivables as at the end of the most recent Monthly Period is less than 10 per cent. of the Maximum 
Discounted Receivables Balance, provided that all payment obligations under the Instruments, and any 
obligations ranking pari passu with or senior to the Instruments in the Order of Priority, will be met in full on 
the exercise of such option. VWFS shall give one month prior written notice of its intention to require the 
exercise of the Clean-Up Call Option. Such notice shall be published in accordance with Notes Condition 10 
and Loan Condition 9 (the "Clean-Up Call Option Notice") and, in addition shall be published in the Servicer 
Report. 
The Receivables 
The Initial Receivables to be purchased by the Issuer from the Seller on the Closing Date and the Additional 
Receivables to be purchased from VWFS on each Additional Purchase Date (together the "Purchased 
Receivables") comprise claims against Obligors in respect of payments due under Financing Contracts 
(excluding Excluded Amounts) for the provision of credit for the purchase of motor vehicles.  
Although the borrower ("Obligor") is the registered keeper of the vehicle, VWFS retains title to the vehicles. 
The Financing Contracts contain provisions entitling, but not obliging, the Obligor to purchase the vehicle at 
the end of the hire period, normally on payment of a specified purchase fee. 
The Financing Contracts are governed by English, Scots or Northern Irish law and take the form of hire 
purchase agreements ("HP Agreements" or "HP No Balloon"), personal contract purchase agreements 
("PCP Agreements" or "PCP") and lease purchase agreements ("LP" or "LP Agreements") between VWFS 
and Obligors.  
HP Agreements 
Mainly directed at retail Obligors, HP Agreements are available for both new and used vehicles. HP 
Agreements contain standard rental terms where an initial payment is made and then the balance is amortised 
in substantially equal monthly instalments. At the end of the term of the HP Agreement, after an additional 
"option to purchase" fee is paid, the Obligor owns the Vehicle.

--- Page 120 ---
- 109 - 
 
 
 
PCP Agreements 
PCP Agreements are used for the financing of new and used vehicles in the retail market. PCP Agreements 
are similar to HP Agreements but with an additional larger "balloon" final rental payment at the end of the 
term of the PCP Agreement, where the Obligor can either settle the contract by paying the balloon payment 
(and thereby purchase the vehicle) or, subject to the vehicle being in a condition acceptable to VWFS and 
within agreed mileage, return the vehicle to VWFS in full and final settlement of the PCP Agreement. 
Where the Obligor chooses not to return the vehicle, title in the vehicle passes to the Obligor when the Obligor 
pays the additional "option to purchase" fee to VWFS (which fee does not form part of the Receivables). 
Where the Obligor chooses to return the vehicle, VWFS then acts as the Obligor's agent in selling the vehicle 
and the sale proceeds of the vehicle are applied to settle the Final Rental Amount. Any surplus on sale in 
excess of the Final Rental Amount is retained by VWFS as a fee for acting as the Obligor's agent and is not 
passed back to the Obligor. The sale proceeds of the vehicle, including any surplus on sale in excess of the 
Final Rental Amount, are transferred to the Issuer as PCP Recoveries and Enforcement Proceeds. Any 
shortfall between the sale proceeds and the Final Rental Amount is not recovered from the Obligor. 
During the first six months of 2023, in respect of maturing PCP Agreements, 0.22% of the Obligors returned 
the vehicle for sale to VWFS. 
Lease Purchase Agreements 
Mainly entered into with retail Obligors, LP Agreements are available for both new and used vehicles. LP 
Agreements contain standard rental terms where an initial payment is made and then the balance is typically 
amortised in monthly instalments but with an additional larger "balloon" final rental payment at the end of the 
term of the LP Agreement. At the end of the term of the LP Agreement, after payment of the final balloon 
rental payment and an additional "option to purchase" fee is paid, the Obligor will own the vehicle. 
The Initial Receivables Purchase Price  
The Initial Receivables Purchase Price will be paid by the Issuer to VWFS as total consideration with respect 
to the Initial Receivables, discounted by the Discount Rate (together with the related Ancillary Rights) on the 
Closing Date. 
Additional Receivables Purchase Price 
The Additional Receivables Purchase Price is the purchase price in respect of the Additional Receivables 
calculated as follows: 
The Additional Receivables Purchase Price must not exceed the sum of the funds available from (without 
double counting): 
(A) 
the advance of the Further Instruments in accordance with clauses 3.2 (Requesting and Making of 
Further Loans) and 4.1 (Issue and purchase of Notes) of the Programme Agreement at the Additional 
Purchase Date; 
(B) 
the amount of funds available from the Order of Priority for the purchase of Additional Receivables 
at the Additional Purchase Date; and 
(C) 
the amount, if any, available on any Purchase Date under the Subordinated Loan. 
The Additional Receivables Purchase Price shall equal the sum of: 
1. 
the sum of the relevant Senior Instrument Increase Amount and the relevant Junior Instrument 
Increase Amount, plus (B) any Subordinated Loan Increase Amount and less (C) where applicable, 
amounts required for the endowment of the Cash Collateral Account with the respective General 
Cash Collateral Amount to equal the Specified General Cash Collateral Account Balance, plus 
2.

--- Page 121 ---
- 110 - 
 
 
 
(a) 
the Replenished Additional Discounted Receivables Balance, multiplied by  
(b) 
one (1) minus the Replenished Receivables Overcollateralisation Percentage. 
The Additional Receivables Purchase Price is to be paid by the Purchaser. The Additional Receivables 
Purchase Price shall be free of VAT and shall be debited at the Additional Purchase Date from the 
Accumulation Account (if not already netted) and/or funded from the advances of Further Loans or the 
issuance of Further Notes.  
Under the Receivables Purchase Agreement, the Issuer and VWFS agreed that any amounts due as 
Additional Receivables Purchase Price on any Further Issue Date shall be netted against any amounts due 
as Subordinated Loan Increase Amount on such Further Issue Date. Any excess after such netting shall be 
payable to the Issuer or VWFS, as the case may be. 
Representations and Warranties in relation to the Sale of the Purchased Receivables 
Under the Receivables Purchase Agreement the Seller represents and warrants to the Issuer and to the 
Security Trustee, in respect of itself (i) as at the Closing Date in relation to the Initial Receivables, and (ii) as 
at each Additional Purchase Date in relation to the relevant Additional Receivables, that:  
(a) 
the Seller is a company duly incorporated under the laws of England with full corporate power, 
authority and legal right to own its assets and conduct its business as such assets are presently 
owned and its business is presently conducted and with power to enter into the Receivables 
Purchase Agreement and the other Transaction Documents to which the Seller is a party and to 
exercise its rights and perform its obligations thereunder; 
(b) 
all corporate actions required to be done, fulfilled and performed in order (a) to enable the Seller 
lawfully to enter into, exercise its rights under and perform and comply with the obligations expressed 
to be assumed by it in each Transaction Document to which the Seller is a party or under any 
assignment, assignation or transfer made by it in respect of any Receivable assigned or transferred 
or scheduled to be assigned or transferred pursuant to the Receivables Purchase Agreement and 
(b) to ensure that the obligations expressed to be assumed by it in each Transaction Document to 
which the Seller is a party or under any such assignment, assignation or transfer are legal, valid and 
binding on it, have been done, fulfilled and performed or shall be done, fulfilled or performed prior to 
the execution of such Transaction Document, assignment, assignation or transfer (as the case may 
be); 
(c) 
the execution by the Seller of each Transaction Document to which the Seller is a party and the 
making of each assignment, assignation or transfer made by it in respect of any Purchased 
Receivables assigned or transferred or scheduled to be assigned or transferred pursuant to this 
Agreement and the exercise of its rights and the performance of its obligations in any such 
assignment, assignation or transfer does not and will not conflict with or violate: 
(i) 
its Memorandum or Articles of Association; or 
(ii) 
(to an extent or in a manner which has or is likely to have a Material Adverse Effect) any law 
to which it is subject; 
(d) 
all approvals, authorisations, consents, orders or other actions of any person or of any governmental 
or regulatory body or official required in connection with the execution and delivery of each 
Transaction Document to which the Seller is a party and/or the making of each assignment, 
assignation or transfer of Receivables in the manner contemplated herein or therein, the performance 
of the transactions contemplated by each Transaction Document to which the Seller is a party and 
the fulfilment of the terms thereof have been obtained; 
(e) 
so far as it is aware, there are no proceedings or investigations pending against it before any court, 
regulatory body, arbitral tribunal or public or administrative body or agency or ruling that would in its 
opinion if adversely determined have a material and adverse effect on the collectability of the 
Purchased Receivables, or result in any material impairment of the right or ability of the Seller to

--- Page 122 ---
- 111 - 
 
 
 
carry on its business substantially as now conducted, or result in any material liability on the part of 
the Seller, or which would render invalid the Transaction Documents to which the Seller is a party or 
the Purchased Receivables or the obligations of the Seller contemplated in those documents, or 
which would materially impair the ability of the Seller to perform its obligations under the terms of any 
Transaction Document to which it is a party; 
(f) 
the execution of any Transaction Document to which the Seller is a party or the assignment, 
assignation or transfer of any Receivables in the manner therein contemplated and the exercise by 
the Seller of its rights and the performance of its obligations thereunder with regard to such 
Receivables does not and will not conflict with, or constitute a material default under, any agreement, 
contract, mortgage, deed of charge or other instrument to which it is a party or by which it or any of 
its assets is otherwise bound; 
(g) 
all information furnished by or on behalf of the Seller in writing to any Lender and Noteholder for 
purposes of or in connection with the Transaction Documents or any transaction contemplated under 
the Transaction Documents is true and accurate in all material respects on and as at the date such 
information was furnished (except to the extent that such furnished information relates solely to an 
earlier date, in which case such information is true and accurate in all material respects on and as at 
such earlier date); 
(h) 
the Seller has not taken any corporate action nor have any other steps been taken or legal 
proceedings been started or (to the best of its knowledge and belief) threatened against it for its 
winding-up, dissolution, administration or reorganisation or for the appointment of a receiver, 
administrator, administrative receiver, trustee or similar officer of it or any or all of its assets; 
(i) 
the Seller is resident for tax purposes in the United Kingdom and will not cease to be treated as being 
resident for tax purposes in the United Kingdom by virtue of the application of section 18 of the 
Corporation Tax Act 2009. It belongs in the United Kingdom for the purposes of United Kingdom 
VAT;  
(j) 
the Seller's centre of main interests is situated in the United Kingdom and it does not have an 
establishment branch, business establishment or other fixed establishment other than in the United 
Kingdom. The terms “centre of main interest” and “establishment” have the meanings given to them: 
in Article 3(1) and Article 2(10) respectively (i) of  the EU Insolvency Regulation and (ii) in the EU 
Insolvency Regulation as it forms part of domestic law of the United Kingdom by virtue of the EUWA 
and as amended by the Insolvency (Amendment) (EU Exit) Regulations 2019 (SI 2019/146) and 
Insolvency (Amendment) (EU Exit) Regulations 2020) (SI 2020/647);  
(k) 
the Purchased Receivables are originated in the ordinary course of the business of VWFS pursuant 
to underwriting standards which are no less stringent than those which also apply to Financing 
Contracts which will not be securitised. In particular, VWFS represents and warrants that it has in 
place (i) effective systems to apply its standard criteria for granting the Purchased Receivables and 
(ii) processes for approving and, where relevant, amending, renewing and re-financing the 
Purchased Receivables, in order to ensure that granting of the Purchased Receivables is based on 
a thorough assessment of each Obligor's creditworthiness taking appropriate account of factors 
relevant to verifying the prospect of the Obligor meeting its obligations under the relevant agreement. 
Furthermore, VWFS represents and warrants that the assessment of each Obligor's creditworthiness 
shall meet the requirements of Article 8 of Directive 2008/48/EC (as it applies in the UK and EU), in 
particular, the assessment: (i) will be performed on the basis of sufficient information, where 
appropriate obtained from the Obligor and, where necessary, on the basis of a consultation of the 
relevant database, and (ii) will be repeated before any significant increase in the total amount is 
granted after the conclusion of the financial contract, in combination with an update of the Obligor's 
financial information; and 
(l) 
the Purchased Receivables comprised in the Portfolio will not include: (i) any transferable securities 
for purposes of Article 20(8) of the UK Securitisation Regulation; (ii) any securitisation positions for 
purposes of Article 20(9) of the UK Securitisation Regulation; or (iii) any derivatives for purposes of 
article 21(2) of the UK Securitisation Regulation, in each case on the basis that the Purchased

--- Page 123 ---
- 112 - 
 
 
 
Receivables have been entered into substantially on the terms of similar standard documentation for 
HP Agreements, LP Agreements and PCP Agreements. 
 
Eligibility Criteria 
Under the Receivables Purchase Agreement, the Seller represents and warrants to the Issuer and to the 
Security Trustee, in respect of the Receivables sold by it (i) on the Closing Date but as if made at the Initial 
Cut-Off Date in relation to the Initial Receivables, and (ii) as at each Additional Cut-Off Date in relation to the 
Additional Receivables, acquired on such Additional Purchase Date, that each Purchased Receivable meets 
each of the following conditions (for the avoidance of doubt, when applying the conditions below the 
Receivables have been selected randomly and not with the intention to prejudice the Lenders and the 
Noteholders): 
(a) 
that the purchase of the Receivables may not have the result that the Aggregate Discounted 
Receivables Balance of all Purchased Receivables exceeds the following concentration limits with 
respect to the percentage of Discounted Receivables Balance generated under Financing Contracts 
for (i) used vehicles (concentration limit: 60 per cent.), (ii) PCP used contracts (concentration limit: 
55 per cent) and (iii) under Financing Contracts for non-VW group brand vehicles (concentration limit: 
10 per cent.); 
(b) 
that none of the Obligors is an Affiliate of the Seller; 
(c) 
that the related Financing Contracts have been entered into exclusively with Obligors which, if they 
are corporate entities have their registered office in England, Scotland, Northern Ireland or Wales or, 
if they are individuals have their place of residence in England, Scotland, Northern Ireland or Wales; 
(d) 
that (according to the Seller's records) no pending bankruptcy or insolvency proceedings are initiated 
against any of the Obligors; 
(e) 
that such Purchased Receivable is denominated and payable in Sterling; 
(f) 
that no Purchased Receivable is overdue; 
(g) 
that the related Financing Contracts shall be governed by the laws of England and Wales, Northern 
Ireland or Scotland (depending on where the Obligor is resident or incorporated); 
(h) 
that the relevant Financing Contracts constitute legal valid, binding and enforceable agreements with 
full recourse to the Obligor; 
(i) 
that the status and enforceability of the Purchased Receivables is not impaired due to warranty claims 
or any other rights of the Obligor (even if the Issuer knew or could have known on the Cut-Off Date 
of the existence of such defences or rights); 
(j) 
that the status and enforceability of the Purchased Receivables is not impaired by set-off rights and 
that no Obligor maintains deposits on accounts with VWFS; 
(k) 
that those related Financing Contracts which are regulated by the Financial Services and Markets 
Act 2000 (Regulated Activities) Order 2001 comply in all material respects with the requirements of 
the Consumer Credit Act 1974, as amended, (the "CCA"), associated secondary legislation on 
consumer financing and the rules in the Consumer Credit Sourcebook within the FCA Handbook and, 
in particular contain legally accurate instructions in respect of the right of revocation of the Obligors 
and that none of the Obligors has used its right of revocation within the term of revocation; 
(l) 
that such Purchased Receivable arises under a Financing Contract that (a) contains an obligation to 
pay a specified sum of money and is subject to no contingencies (other than an obligation to pay 
interest on overdue amounts), (b) does not require the Obligor under such Financing Contract to 
consent to the transfer, sale or assignment of the rights and duties of the Seller under such Financing 
Contract or to the sale to a third party of the Vehicle the subject thereof, and (c) does not contain a

--- Page 124 ---
- 113 - 
 
 
 
confidentiality provision that purports to restrict the Purchaser's or the Security Trustee's exercise of 
rights under the Receivables Purchase Agreement, including, without limitation, the right to review 
such Financing Contract; 
(m) 
that it can dispose of the Purchased Receivables free from rights of third parties and, to the best of 
the Seller's knowledge, the Purchased Receivables are not in a condition that can be foreseen to 
adversely affect the enforceability of the assignment; 
(n) 
the Seller is the legal and beneficial owner, free from any Security Interest, of the Purchased 
Receivables; 
(o) 
that such Purchased Receivable was generated in the ordinary course of the Seller's business from 
the sale of goods or provision of credit or other services to the relevant Obligor and the related 
Financing Contract was entered into in accordance with the Customary Operating Practices; 
(p) 
that other than the right to make partial early repayments as provided for in the CCA, there are no 
provisions in the Financing Contract related to such Purchased Receivable whereby the Obligor may 
reduce the amount of such Purchased Receivable payable by the Obligor below the level of the 
stated payments as at the date of commencement of such Financing Contract (excluding any change 
as a result of any change in the rate of Value Added Tax or the corporation tax or capital allowances 
regimes). However, at the discretion of the Servicer and in accordance with its Customary Operating 
Practices, the Obligor may be given an option to reschedule repayments in a manner that increases 
or decreases the term of such Financing Contract and the consequential finance income; provided, 
that the total capital repayment shall not be impacted by any such measure; 
(q) 
that the Seller had at the time of origination of the Financing Contract under which such Purchased 
Receivable arises the necessary licences pursuant to the CCA, the necessary interim permissions 
pursuant to the Financial Services and Markets Act 2000 and as at the date of the Receivables 
Purchase Agreement has the necessary permissions pursuant to the Financial Services and Markets 
Act 2000, and each Financing Contract that is regulated by the Financial Services and Markets Act 
2000 (Regulated Activities) Order 2001 complies with the CCA, any statutory instrument or regulation 
made thereunder and the rules in the Consumer Credit Sourcebook within the FCA Handbook, and 
the Seller has not done anything that would cause such Purchased Receivable to be unenforceable 
under the CCA; 
(r) 
that on the relevant Cut-Off Date at least one instalment has been paid in respect of each of the 
Purchased Receivables and that the Purchased Receivables require substantially equal monthly 
payments to be made within seventy-two (72) months of the date of origination of the Financing 
Contract and may also provide for a final balloon payment; 
(s) 
that the Seller has complied with all material laws and regulations under the Data Protection Rules 
with respect to such Purchased Receivable; 
(t) 
that the terms of the Financing Contract related to such Purchased Receivable require the Obligor to 
pay all insurance, repair/maintenance and taxes with respect to the related Vehicle; 
(u) 
that the Vehicle related to such Purchased Receivable is not recorded in the records of the Servicer 
as at such Purchase Date as having been (a) a total loss for insurance purposes or (b) stolen; 
(v) 
that the purchase of Receivables may not have the result that the total outstanding amount (for the 
avoidance of doubt, this refers to the Aggregate Discounted Receivables Balance) of Purchased 
Receivables resulting from Financing Contracts with one and the same Obligor exceeds 0.5% of the 
Aggregate Discounted Receivables Balance;  
(w) 
that each of the Purchased Receivables will mature no earlier than six (6) months and no later than 
seventy-one (71) months after the Cut-Off Date;  
(x) 
that applicable details of the Vehicle relating to such Purchased Receivable and the relevant motor 
finance contract have been submitted by VWFS for registration with HP Information Ltd; and

--- Page 125 ---
- 114 - 
 
 
 
(y) 
that the Obligor related to the Purchased Receivable is not: 
(i) 
an Obligor who VWFS considers as unlikely to pay its obligations to VWFS and/or to an 
Obligor who is past due more than 90 days on any material credit obligation to VWFS; or 
(ii) 
a credit-impaired Obligor or guarantor who, on the basis of information obtained (i) from the 
Obligor of the relevant Receivable, (ii) in the course of VWFS' servicing of the Receivables or 
VWFS' risk management procedures, or (iii) from a third party: 
(1) 
has been declared insolvent or had a court grant his creditors a final non-appealable 
right of enforcement or material damages as a result of a missed payment within three 
years prior to the date of origination or has undergone a debt-restructuring process with 
regard to his non-performing exposures within three years prior to the date of transfer 
of the Purchased Receivables to the Issuer; 
(2) 
was, at the time of origination, where applicable, on a public credit registry of persons 
with adverse credit history or, where there is no such public credit registry, another 
credit registry that is available to VWFS; or 
(3) 
has a credit assessment or a credit score indicating that the risk of contractually agreed 
payments not being made is significantly higher than for comparable receivables held 
by VWFS which are not securitised. 
 
Changes to underwriting standards 
VWFS as Seller agrees that if it makes any material changes to its underwriting standards during the 
Revolving Period it will promptly provide the Issuer and the Security Trustee with details of such changes 
together with an explanation of the purpose of such changes. The Issuer will notify such changes to investors 
in accordance with Notes Condition 10 (Notices) and Loan Condition 9 (Notices) without undue delay. 
Homogeneity 
For the purposes of Article 20(8) of the UK Securitisation Regulation and Articles 1(a) to (d) of the Commission 
Delegated Regulation (EU) 2019/1851 ("HRTS") as it forms part of domestic law of the United Kingdom by 
virtue of the EUWA and as amended by the Technical Standards (Securitisation Regulation) (EU Exit) 
Instrument (No 2) 2020 (FCA 2020/54) (the "UK HRTS"), the Purchased Receivables: (i) have been 
underwritten according to similar underwriting standards, (ii) are serviced according to similar servicing 
procedures, (iii) fall within the same category of auto loans and leases and (iv) in accordance with the 
homogeneity factors set forth in Article 20(8) of the UK Securitisation Regulation and Article 3(5)(b) of the UK 
HRTS, the Obligors are all resident or incorporated in one jurisdiction, being the United Kingdom. 
Notification of Assignment to Obligors 
At any time after the occurrence of a Notification Event, each of the Issuer and the Security Trustee may: 
(a) 
give notice in its own name (and/or on behalf of the Servicer pursuant to the VWFS Power of Attorney) 
to all or any of the Obligors of the sale, assignment and assignation of all or any of the Purchased 
Receivables by delivering a Notification Event Notice; and/or 
(b) 
direct (and/or require the Servicer to direct) all or any of the Obligors to pay amounts outstanding in 
respect of Purchased Receivables directly to the Issuer, the Distribution Account or any other account 
which is specified by the Issuer or the Security Trustee; and/or 
(c) 
give instructions (and/or require the Servicer to give instructions) to immediately transfer amounts 
received in respect of Collections to the Distribution Account but (if applicable) which have not already 
been paid to the Issuer as Collections; and/or

--- Page 126 ---
- 115 - 
 
 
 
(d) 
take such other action and enter into such documents as it reasonably considers to be necessary, 
appropriate or desirable in order to recover any amount outstanding in respect of Purchased 
Receivables or to perfect, improve, protect, preserve or enforce their rights against the Obligors in 
respect of Purchased Receivables (including, without limitation, entering into supplemental transfer 
documents). 
The Purchased Receivables acquired and transferred by assignment or held in trust under the Receivables 
Purchase Agreement have characteristics that demonstrate capacity to produce funds to service payments 
due and payable on the Notes.  
However, VWFS does not warrant the solvency (credit standing) of the relevant Obligors. 
Written-Off Purchased Receivables 
If during any Monthly Period, the Seller classifies any Purchased Receivable under a Financing Contract as 
a Written-Off Purchased Receivable, it may repurchase from the Issuer the benefit of all such Written-Off 
Purchased Receivables on the following Payment Date (or on any Payment Date thereafter) and on the 
Payment Date on which such Written-Off Purchased Receivable is repurchased pay consideration of £1 per 
Purchased Receivable repurchased, paid into the Distribution Account in arrear on such Payment Date. 
Variation of Discount Rate 
The Discount Rate represents the Issuer’s costs of financing the Programme. The Discount Rate is calculated 
on the basis of (i) the expected weighted average (calculated based on the outstanding principal amount of 
the Instruments and the outstanding principal amount of the Subordinated Loan at the end of the Monthly 
Period) of the fixed rates (stated as a percentage) payable by the Issuer under the Swap Agreements and 
the Subordinated Loan, plus (ii) the Servicer Fee at a rate of 1 per cent. per annum, plus (iii) 0.03 per cent. 
for administrative costs and fees plus (iv) the Interest Compensation Rate, and plus (v) the Buffer Release 
Rate at the Closing Date (as amended by the Deed of Amendment and Restatement) and the components 
of the Discount Rate are not static for the lifetime of the Programme and will vary in connection with the 
extension of each Instrument Revolving Period Expiration Date.  
In order to ensure that the Discount Rate reflects the Issuer’s costs of financing the Programme the Issuer 
grants the Seller under the Receivables Purchase Agreement an option (the "Discount Rate Variation 
Option") to permit the Seller to vary the Discount Rate with respect to: 
(a) 
the Purchased Receivables included in the Portfolio; and 
(b) 
the Additional Receivables to be purchased during the Revolving Period. 
In exercising the Discount Rate Variation Option, the Seller shall calculate, with effect from the then current 
instrument revolving period expiration date applicable to the Instruments which have not commenced 
amortisation (the "Renewal Date"): 
(a) 
the expected weighted average (calculated based on the outstanding principal amount of the 
Instruments and the outstanding principal amount of the Subordinated Loan at the end of the Monthly 
Period immediately prior to the Renewal Date) of the fixed rates (stated as a percentage) payable by 
the Issuer under the Swap Agreements and the Subordinated Loan; plus 
(b) 
the Servicer Fee at a rate of 1 per cent. per annum; plus 
(c) 
0.03 per cent. for administrative costs and fees; plus 
(d) 
the Interest Compensation Rate; plus 
(e) 
an additional buffer to cover for potential interest rate increases,

--- Page 127 ---
- 116 - 
 
 
 
(the "New Discount Rate"). The New Discount Rate shall become the Discount Rate with effect on and from 
the relevant Renewal Date in relation to all the Purchased Receivables regardless of whether all Instruments 
are revolving or in amortisation. 
The Seller acknowledges under the Receivables Purchase Agreement that in exercising the Discount Rate 
Variation Option, the Aggregate Discounted Receivables Balance of the Portfolio will change following the 
application of the New Discount Rate and (if not remedied in accordance with this clause) this will impact the 
Senior Instrument Targeted Note Balance and the Junior Instrument Targeted Note Balance and could give 
rise to an Early Amortisation Event pursuant to limb (c) of the definition of Early Amortisation Event. 
In connection with the exercise of the Discount Rate Variation Option, in order to ensure that the Aggregate 
Discounted Receivables Balance of the Portfolio calculated on the basis of the New Discount Rate remains 
unchanged, the Seller shall: 
(a) 
calculate the Aggregate Discounted Receivables Balance of the Portfolio (excluding, for the 
avoidance of doubt, Defaulted Receivables) immediately prior to the exercise of the Discount Rate 
Variation Option (the "Current Aggregate Discounted Receivables Balance"); and 
(b) 
calculate the Aggregate Discounted Receivables Balance of the Portfolio (excluding, for the 
avoidance of doubt, Defaulted Receivables) immediately following the exercise of the Discount Rate 
Variation Option (the "New Aggregate Discounted Receivables Balance"). 
If the New Aggregate Discounted Receivables Balance is lower than the Current Aggregate Discounted 
Receivables Balance (the "Aggregate Discounted Receivables Balance Shortfall"), the Seller will offer to 
sell and the Issuer will purchase Additional Receivables at the Additional Receivables Purchase Price which 
takes into account the New Discount Rate which shall be funded exclusively through a drawing under the 
Subordinated Loan in an amount necessary to remedy the Aggregate Discounted Receivables Balance 
Shortfall (the "Borrowing Base Cure Amount"). 
The exercise of the Discount Rate Variation Option is subject to the following conditions: 
(a) 
The Discount Rate Variation Option may only be exercised in connection with the extension of the 
instrument current revolving period expiration date applicable to all Instruments which have not 
commenced amortisation and will apply to all Instruments whether or not such Instrument have 
commenced amortisation; 
(b) 
The Discount Rate Variation Option may be exercised by notice to the Issuer no later than on the 
10th Business Day falling in the month of the then current instrument revolving period expiration date 
applicable to the Instruments which have not commenced amortisation (the "Discount Rate 
Variation Option Notice") which shall specify,  
(i) 
the New Discount Rate and each component giving rise to the new Discount Rate;  
(ii) 
the Current Aggregate Discounted Receivables Balance; 
(iii) 
the New Aggregate Discounted Receivables Balance; and 
(iv) 
the Borrowing Base Cure Amount, if any. 
(c) 
The Discount Rate Variation Option shall only be effective: 
(i) 
on the relevant Renewal Date; and 
(ii) 
(a) if the Issuer has received confirmation from the Rating Agencies that the rating of the 
relevant Instruments, to the extent rated, will continue to have, for the Senior Instruments, a 
rating of AAA (sf) by S&P and AAAsf by Fitch and for the Junior Instruments, at least A+ (sf)

--- Page 128 ---
- 117 - 
 
 
 
by S&P and at least A+sf by Fitch, or, (b) the Issuer has received a new rating confirmation 
which states the same rating for the relevant Instruments, to the extent rated, as is applicable 
prior to the exercise of the Discount Rate Variation Option. 
Variation of Further Receivables Overcollateralisation Percentage 
In order to ensure that VWFS, in its capacity as originator, complies with its obligations pursuant to Article 
6(3)(d) of the UK Securitisation Regulation and Article 6(3)(d) of the EU Securitisation Regulation, the Issuer 
hereby grants the Seller an option to vary the Further Receivables Overcollateralisation Percentage (the 
"Further Receivables Overcollateralisation Percentage Variation Option") on any relevant Payment Date 
when the following conditions are satisfied: 
(a) 
the Issuer intends to issue Further Instruments on such Payment Date; 
(b) 
the sum (expressed as a percentage) of (i) one (1) minus the quotient of (x) the sum of the 
outstanding principal amount of the Senior Instruments and the outstanding principal amount of the 
Junior Instruments and the outstanding balance of the Subordinated Loan divided by (y) the sum of 
the nominal balance of the Portfolio and any amounts standing to the credit of the Accumulation 
Account and (ii) the quotient of (x) the amounts standing to the credit of the Cash Collateral Account 
divided by (y) the sum of the nominal balance of the Portfolio and any amounts standing to the credit 
of the Accumulation Account is less than 6 per cent. after having applied the Order of Priority on such 
Payment Date. 
In exercising the Further Receivables Overcollateralisation Percentage Variation Option, on each Payment 
Date the Seller shall calculate the required Further Receivables Overcollateralisation Percentage in order for 
the sum (expressed as a percentage) of (i) one (1) minus the quotient of (x) the sum of the outstanding 
principal amount of the Senior Instruments and the outstanding principal amount of the Junior Instruments 
and the outstanding balance of the Subordinated Loan divided by (y) the sum of the nominal balance of the 
Portfolio and any amounts standing to the credit of the Accumulation Account and (ii) the quotient of (x) the 
amounts standing to the credit of the Cash Collateral Account divided by (y) the sum of the nominal balance 
of the Portfolio and any amounts standing to the credit of the Accumulation Account being equal or greater 
than 6 per cent. after having applied the Order of Priority on such Payment Date (the "New Further 
Receivables Overcollateralisation Percentage").  
The New Further Receivables Overcollateralisation Percentage shall be included in the Servicer Report for 
the relevant Monthly Period. 
The Seller acknowledges that the New Further Receivables Overcollateralisation Percentage shall only apply 
to such Payment Date on which the conditions set out above have been satisfied. After such Payment Date 
the Further Receivables Overcollateralisation Percentage shall again be 2.142 per cent. 
For the sake of clarification, the Issuer acknowledges that the Seller may exercise the Further Receivables 
Overcollateralisation Percentage Variation Option on each Payment Date on which the conditions set out 
above have been satisfied, may it also be several times during the Revolving Period. 
Redelivery Repurchase Agreement 
The Issuer will enter into a Redelivery Repurchase Agreement with VWFS on the Closing Date. Subject to an 
Insolvency Event not having occurred in respect of VWFS if, on any day during a Monthly Period, a Financing 
Contract related to a Purchased Receivable becomes a Redelivery Financing Contract (such Purchased 
Receivable being a "Redelivery Purchased Receivable"), then on the Payment Date falling after the end of 
such Monthly Period (or, at the option of VWFS, on the second Payment Date falling after the end of such 
Monthly Period) (such date being the "Redelivery Repurchase Date") VWFS shall repurchase the Redelivery 
Purchased Receivable from the Issuer for a price equal to the Redelivery Repurchase Price. The Redelivery 
Repurchase Price is an amount equal to (i) the outstanding principal balance of a Redelivery Purchased

--- Page 129 ---
- 118 - 
 
 
 
Receivable as at the first day of the Monthly Period in which such Purchased Receivable becomes a 
Redelivery Purchased Receivable together with any arrears outstanding on such date but excluding any future 
interest payments (calculated on the basis of the Obligor internal rate of return) multiplied by (ii) one (1) minus 
the Replenished Receivables Overcollateralisation Percentage.  
The Seller is not obliged to repurchase any Redelivery Purchased Receivable if, on the Redelivery 
Repurchase Date, such Purchased Receivable is a Delinquent Receivable or a Defaulted Receivable or (for 
the avoidance of doubt) as a result of the Early Settlement of any Purchased Receivable during the relevant 
Monthly Period.

--- Page 130 ---
- 119 - 
 
 
 
 
THE PURCHASED RECEIVABLES POOL 
The characteristics set forth in this section are based on the portfolio of Purchased Receivables as at the 
Initial Cut-Off Date falling in October 2023. The statistical distribution of the characteristics of the portfolio of 
Purchased Receivables as at the Initial Cut-Off Date falling in October 2023 is illustrated in the tables below.  
 
As at the Initial Cut-off Date falling in October 2023, the Purchased Receivables:  
 
• 
had an original term of maturity of 7 to 71 months and a remaining term to maturity between 6 and  66 
months;   
• 
had a contract rate of up  to 16 per cent. and a weighted average contract rate of 8.12 per cent.; in 
respect of the Additional Receivables purchased on the Closing Date, were not past due; and 
• 
satisfied the other criteria set forth in the transaction documents, including the criteria set forth under 
"DESCRIPTION OF THE PORTFOLIO" in this Base Prospectus. 
The Servicer Report will contain the information outlined in the paragraph entitled "ADMINISTRATION OF 
THE PURCHASED RECEIVABLES UNDER THE SERVICING AGREEMENT - Reporting Duties of the 
Servicer" of this Base Prospectus. As part of the Servicer Report prepared by the Servicer in connection with 
the Instruments, the Servicer will compute an Instrument Factor. 
 
The composition, distribution by remaining term, distribution by contract rate and geographic distribution, in 
each case of the Purchased Receivables as at the Initial Cut-Off Date falling in October 2023, are set forth in 
the tables below. 
 
Composition of the Purchased Loan Receivables Pool as at the Initial Cut-Off Date falling in October 
2023 
 
Outstanding Aggregate Discounted Receivables Balance 
GBP 5,155,199,103.05  
Number of Financing Contracts 
278,294 
Average Outstanding Discounted Receivables Balance 
GBP 18,524.29   
Range of Outstanding Discounted Receivables Balance 
Up to GBP 300,775.19  
Weighted average contract rate 
8.12%per cent  
Range of contract rates 
Up to 16.00% per cent 
Weighted average remaining term 
34.22 months 
Range of remaining terms  
6-66 months  
Weighted average original term 
47.98 months  
Range of original terms 
7 -71 months

--- Page 131 ---
- 120 - 
 
 
1. 
Retention according to Article 6(3)(d) of the UK Securitisation Regulation and the EU Securitisation Regulation 
Type of asset 
Nominal Amount 
Percentage of Nominal 
Amount 
Portfolio sold to SPV 
5,219,638,658.88 
100.00% 
Retention (Overcollateralisation) 
373,818,129.38 
7.16% 
Retention (Cash Collateral Amount)* 
61,055,150.00 
1.17% 
  
  
  
Retention amounts 
Nominal Amount 
Percentage of Nominal 
Amount 
Minimum retention 
260,981,932.94 
5.00% 
Actual retention 
434,873,279.38 
8.33% 
 
 
2. 
Run Out Schedule 
This amortisation scenario is based on the assumptions (i) that no losses, prepayments or delinquencies occur and (ii) that the final pool cut produces similar 
cash flows as the preliminary pool cut. It should be noted that the actual amortisation of the Purchased Receivables may differ substantially from the amortisation 
scenario indicated below. 
Month 
 Amortisation  
 Balance  
11.2023 
59,527,183.45  
5,095,671,919.60  
12.2023 
60,040,171.51  
5,035,631,748.09  
01.2024 
60,526,401.57  
4,975,105,346.52  
02.2024 
60,963,319.84  
4,914,142,026.68  
03.2024 
61,400,650.32  
4,852,741,376.36  
04.2024 
90,276,317.21  
4,762,465,059.15  
05.2024 
71,070,578.82  
4,691,394,480.33  
06.2024 
75,762,731.54  
4,615,631,748.79  
07.2024 
92,313,785.01  
4,523,317,963.78  
08.2024 
100,409,724.57  
4,422,908,239.21  
09.2024 
97,849,564.61  
4,325,058,674.60  
10.2024 
112,057,141.23  
4,213,001,533.37  
11.2024 
94,520,672.13  
4,118,480,861.24  
12.2024 
89,174,340.44  
4,029,306,520.80  
01.2025 
86,781,055.20  
3,942,525,465.60  
02.2025 
85,819,603.03  
3,856,705,862.57  
03.2025 
97,583,005.23  
3,759,122,857.34  
04.2025 
119,361,692.58  
3,639,761,164.76  
05.2025 
104,605,086.28  
3,535,156,078.48  
06.2025 
113,776,885.22  
3,421,379,193.26  
07.2025 
119,782,885.50  
3,301,596,307.76  
08.2025 
111,402,917.21  
3,190,193,390.55  
09.2025 
114,962,532.25  
3,075,230,858.30  
10.2025 
121,895,557.28  
2,953,335,301.02  
11.2025 
103,795,459.04  
2,849,539,841.98  
12.2025 
104,248,693.21  
2,745,291,148.77  
01.2026 
95,416,207.91  
2,649,874,940.86  
02.2026 
101,251,989.69  
2,548,622,951.17  
03.2026 
113,563,236.42  
2,435,059,714.75  
04.2026 
135,628,124.33  
2,299,431,590.42  
05.2026 
129,310,386.91  
2,170,121,203.51  
06.2026 
136,713,810.50  
2,033,407,393.01  
07.2026 
138,047,527.50  
1,895,359,865.51  
08.2026 
138,230,086.64  
1,757,129,778.87  
09.2026 
137,854,161.34  
1,619,275,617.53  
10.2026 
141,228,578.64  
1,478,047,038.89  
11.2026 
99,026,061.30  
1,379,020,977.59  
12.2026 
93,670,522.76  
1,285,350,454.83  
01.2027 
83,536,160.32  
1,201,814,294.51  
02.2027 
89,067,037.54  
1,112,747,256.97  
03.2027 
118,657,784.79  
994,089,472.18  
04.2027 
146,815,763.39  
847,273,708.79  
05.2027 
126,336,160.14  
720,937,548.65  
06.2027 
129,612,568.12  
591,324,980.53  
07.2027 
134,769,476.35  
456,555,504.18  
08.2027 
128,219,398.24  
328,336,105.94  
09.2027 
133,060,129.20  
195,275,976.74  
10.2027 
172,499,288.36  
22,776,688.38  
11.2027 
   4,370,575.14  
18,406,113.24  
12.2027 
   2,815,170.19  
15,590,943.05  
01.2028 
   2,610,046.36  
12,980,896.69  
02.2028 
   2,592,320.94  
10,388,575.75  
03.2028 
   2,386,898.13  
   8,001,677.62  
04.2028 
   1,877,669.46  
   6,124,008.16  
05.2028 
   1,738,647.01  
   4,385,361.15  
06.2028 
   1,461,294.32  
   2,924,066.83  
07.2028 
   1,369,612.82  
   1,554,454.01  
08.2028 
      885,088.35  
      669,365.66  
09.2028 
      662,502.96  
           6,862.70  
10.2028 
           3,576.31  
           3,286.39  
11.2028 
              585.02  
           2,701.37  
12.2028 
              589.22  
           2,112.15  
01.2029 
              593.44  
           1,518.71  
02.2029 
              597.70  
              921.01  
03.2029 
              602.01  
              319.00  
04.2029 
              319.00  
  -  
05.2029 
  -  
  -  
Total 
£5,155,199,103.05

--- Page 132 ---
- 121 - 
 
 
3. 
Payment Type 
  
Total Portfolio 
Type of contract 
Type of vehicle 
Obligor type 
  
Hire Purchase 
PCP 
Lease Purchase 
New vehicle 
Used vehicle 
Retail 
Corporate 
Distribution by 
payment type 
Number of 
contracts 
Percentage 
of contracts 
Outstanding 
Discounted 
Balance 
Percentage of 
Outstanding 
Discounted 
Balance 
Number of  
Contracts 
Outstanding 
Discounted 
Balance 
Number of  
Contracts 
Outstanding 
Discounted 
Balance 
Number of  
Contracts 
Outstanding 
Discounted 
Balance 
Number of 
contracts 
Outstanding 
Discounted 
Balance 
Number of 
contracts 
Outstanding 
Discounted 
Balance 
Number of 
contracts 
Outstanding 
Discounted 
Balance 
Number of 
contracts 
Outstanding 
Discounted 
Balance 
Direct Debit 
278,061 
99.92% 
£5,150,664,251.62 
99.91% 
42,304 
£393,092,521.45 
235,137 
£4,741,050,829.75 
620 
£16,520,900.42 
131,061 
£2,795,848,717.36 
147,000 
£2,354,815,534.26 
276,170 
£5,113,857,054.49 
1,891 
£36,807,197.13 
Others 
233 
0.08% 
£4,534,851.43 
0.09% 
70 
£828,414.42 
162 
£3,676,906.87 
1 
£29,530.14 
82 
£2,016,507.14 
151 
£2,518,344.29 
232 
£4,516,076.07 
1 
£18,775.36 
Total 
278,294 
100% 
£5,155,199,103.05 
100% 
42,374 
£393,920,935.87 
235,299 
£4,744,727,736.62 
621 
£16,550,430.56 
131,143 
£2,797,865,224.50 
147,151 
£2,357,333,878.55 
276,402 
£5,118,373,130.56 
1,892 
£36,825,972.49 
 
4. 
Contract Concentration  
  
Total Portfolio 
Type of contract 
Type of vehicle 
Obligor type 
  
Hire Purchase 
PCP 
Lease Purchase 
New vehicle 
Used vehicle 
Retail 
Corporate 
Distribution by 
contract 
concentration 
Number of 
contracts 
Percentage 
of contracts 
Outstanding 
Discounted 
Balance 
Percentage of 
Outstanding 
Discounted 
Balance 
Number of  
Contracts 
Outstanding 
Discounted 
Balance 
Number of  
Contracts 
Outstanding 
Discounted 
Balance 
Number of  
Contracts 
Outstanding 
Discounted 
Balance 
Number of 
contracts 
Outstanding 
Discounted 
Balance 
Number of 
contracts 
Outstanding 
Discounted 
Balance 
Number of 
contracts 
Outstanding 
Discounted 
Balance 
Number of 
contracts 
Outstanding 
Discounted 
Balance 
1 
275,173 
98.88% 
£5,079,871,637.32 
98.54% 
41,974 
£388,539,698.26 
232,592 
£4,675,239,179.82 
607 
£16,092,759.24 
129,453 
£2,751,946,821.87 
145,720 
£2,327,924,815.45 
273,333 
£5,044,227,085.84 
1,840 
£35,644,551.48 
2 - 10 
3,121 
1.12% 
£75,327,465.73 
1.46% 
400 
£5,381,237.61 
2,707 
£69,488,556.80 
14 
£457,671.32 
1,690 
£45,918,402.63 
1,431 
£29,409,063.10 
3,069 
£74,146,044.72 
52 
£1,181,421.01 
11 - 20 
- 
0.00% 
- 
0.00% 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
21 - 50 
- 
0.00% 
- 
0.00% 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
> 50 
- 
0.00% 
- 
0.00% 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
Total 
278,294 
100% 
£5,155,199,103.05 
100% 
42,374 
£393,920,935.87 
235,299 
£4,744,727,736.62 
621 
£16,550,430.56 
131,143 
£2,797,865,224.50 
147,151 
£2,357,333,878.55 
276,402 
£5,118,373,130.56 
1,892 
£36,825,972.49 
 
5. 
Top 20 Obligors  
  
Total Portfolio 
Type of contract 
Type of vehicle 
Obligor type 
  
Hire Purchase 
PCP 
Lease Purchase 
New vehicle 
Used vehicle 
Retail 
Corporate 
Distribution by 
largest Obligor 
Number of 
contracts 
Percentage of 
contracts 
Outstanding 
Discounted 
Balance 
Percentage of 
Outstanding 
Discounted 
Balance 
Number of  
Contracts 
Outstanding 
Discounted 
Balance 
Number of  
Contracts 
Outstanding 
Discounted 
Balance 
Number of  
Contracts 
Outstanding 
Discounted 
Balance 
Number of 
contracts 
Outstanding 
Discounted 
Balance 
Number of 
contracts 
Outstanding 
Discounted 
Balance 
Number of 
contracts 
Outstanding 
Discounted 
Balance 
Number of 
contracts 
Outstanding 
Discounted 
Balance 
1 
3 
0.00% 
£358,492.48 
0.01% 
- 
- 
3 
£358,492.48 
- 
- 
3 
£358,492.48 
- 
- 
3 
£358,492.48 
- 
- 
2 
2 
0.00% 
£345,134.30 
0.01% 
1 
£107,536.76 
1 
£237,597.54 
- 
- 
1 
£107,536.76 
1 
£237,597.54 
2 
£345,134.30 
- 
- 
3 
3 
0.00% 
£341,789.74 
0.01% 
1 
£11,594.02 
2 
£330,195.72 
- 
- 
2 
£330,195.72 
1 
£11,594.02 
3 
£341,789.74 
- 
- 
4 
2 
0.00% 
£325,488.99 
0.01% 
- 
- 
2 
£325,488.99 
- 
- 
- 
- 
2 
£325,488.99 
2 
£325,488.99 
- 
- 
5 
2 
0.00% 
£321,942.41 
0.01% 
- 
- 
2 
£321,942.41 
- 
- 
2 
£321,942.41 
- 
- 
2 
£321,942.41 
- 
- 
6 
2 
0.00% 
£313,263.58 
0.01% 
- 
- 
2 
£313,263.58 
- 
- 
- 
- 
2 
£313,263.58 
2 
£313,263.58 
- 
- 
7 
2 
0.00% 
£311,399.05 
0.01% 
- 
- 
2 
£311,399.05 
- 
- 
1 
£172,946.16 
1 
£138,452.89 
2 
£311,399.05 
- 
- 
8 
1 
0.00% 
£300,775.19 
0.01% 
- 
- 
1 
£300,775.19 
- 
- 
- 
- 
1 
£300,775.19 
1 
£300,775.19 
- 
- 
9 
1 
0.00% 
£289,179.07 
0.01% 
- 
- 
1 
£289,179.07 
- 
- 
1 
£289,179.07 
- 
- 
1 
£289,179.07 
- 
- 
10 
2 
0.00% 
£274,528.08 
0.01% 
- 
- 
2 
£274,528.08 
- 
- 
1 
£158,815.89 
1 
£115,712.19 
2 
£274,528.08 
- 
- 
11 
2 
0.00% 
£272,603.94 
0.01% 
- 
- 
2 
£272,603.94 
- 
- 
2 
£272,603.94 
- 
- 
2 
£272,603.94 
- 
- 
12 
2 
0.00% 
£263,707.89 
0.01% 
- 
- 
2 
£263,707.89 
- 
- 
2 
£263,707.89 
- 
- 
2 
£263,707.89 
- 
- 
13 
1 
0.00% 
£257,093.18 
0.00% 
- 
- 
1 
£257,093.18 
- 
- 
1 
£257,093.18 
- 
- 
1 
£257,093.18 
- 
- 
14 
1 
0.00% 
£256,041.76 
0.00% 
- 
- 
1 
£256,041.76 
- 
- 
1 
£256,041.76 
- 
- 
1 
£256,041.76 
- 
- 
15 
2 
0.00% 
£250,116.15 
0.00% 
- 
- 
2 
£250,116.15 
- 
- 
1 
£244,429.95 
1 
£5,686.20 
2 
£250,116.15 
- 
- 
16 
3 
0.00% 
£248,961.09 
0.00% 
1 
£34,729.57 
2 
£214,231.52 
- 
- 
2 
£214,231.52 
1 
£34,729.57 
3 
£248,961.09 
- 
- 
17 
1 
0.00% 
£246,053.38 
0.00% 
- 
- 
1 
£246,053.38 
- 
- 
- 
- 
1 
£246,053.38 
1 
£246,053.38 
- 
- 
18 
2 
0.00% 
£243,585.41 
0.00% 
- 
- 
2 
£243,585.41 
- 
- 
1 
£63,851.19 
1 
£179,734.22 
2 
£243,585.41 
- 
- 
19 
2 
0.00% 
£241,867.29 
0.00% 
- 
- 
2 
£241,867.29 
- 
- 
- 
- 
2 
£241,867.29 
2 
£241,867.29 
- 
- 
20 
1 
0.00% 
£240,747.71 
0.00% 
- 
- 
1 
£240,747.71 
- 
- 
1 
£240,747.71 
- 
- 
1 
£240,747.71 
- 
- 
Total 1 - 20 
37 
0.01% 
£5,702,770.69 
0.11% 
3 
£153,860.35 
34 
£5,548,910.34 
- 
- 
22 
£3,551,815.63 
15 
2,150,955.06 
37 
£5,702,770.69 
- 
0.00

--- Page 133 ---
- 122 - 
 
 
6. 
Outstanding Discounted Balance 
  
Total Portfolio 
Type of contract 
Type of vehicle 
Obligor type 
  
Hire Purchase 
PCP 
Lease Purchase 
New vehicle 
Used vehicle 
Retail 
Corporate 
Distribution by Discounted 
Receivables Balance 
Number of 
contracts 
Percentage 
of contracts 
Outstanding 
Discounted 
Balance 
Percentage of 
Outstanding 
Discounted 
Balance 
Number  
of  
Contracts 
Outstanding 
Discounted 
Balance 
Number  
of  
Contracts 
Outstanding 
Discounted 
Balance 
Number  
of  
Contracts 
Outstanding 
Discounted 
Balance 
Number of 
contracts 
Outstanding 
Discounted 
Balance 
Number of 
contracts 
Outstanding 
Discounted 
Balance 
Number of 
contracts 
Outstanding 
Discounted 
Balance 
Number of 
contracts 
Outstanding 
Discounted 
Balance 
0.01 - 5,000.00 
14,580 
5.24% 
£46,015,966.85 
0.89% 
13,192 
£40,342,206.23 
1,387 
£5,669,760.10 
1 
£4,000.52 
392 
£1,402,052.77 
14,188 
£44,613,914.08 
14,347 
£45,234,768.08 
233 
£781,198.77 
5,000.01 - 10,000.00 
35,998 
12.94% 
£284,710,245.97 
5.52% 
14,265 
£105,862,474.14 
21,723 
£178,773,466.78 
10 
£74,305.05 
8,653 
£72,787,360.51 
27,345 
£211,922,885.46 
35,651 
£282,134,836.91 
347 
£2,575,409.06 
10,000.01 - 15,000.00 
67,331 
24.19% 
£852,963,890.39 
16.55% 
8,548 
£104,057,601.38 
58,734 
£748,258,568.72 
49 
£647,720.29 
27,937 
£358,986,642.43 
39,394 
£493,977,247.96 
67,036 
£849,307,984.60 
295 
£3,655,905.79 
15,000.01 - 20,000.00 
69,202 
24.87% 
£1,202,127,297.57 
23.32% 
3,661 
£62,534,913.93 
65,439 
£1,137,763,390.27 
102 
£1,828,993.37 
37,351 
£652,193,258.71 
31,851 
£549,934,038.86 
68,940 
£1,197,528,997.10 
262 
£4,598,300.47 
20,000.01 - 25,000.00 
42,484 
15.27% 
£944,759,690.35 
18.33% 
1,406 
£31,136,683.70 
40,912 
£909,884,341.14 
166 
£3,738,665.51 
26,202 
£583,291,306.29 
16,282 
£361,468,384.06 
42,225 
£938,985,313.95 
259 
£5,774,376.40 
25,000.01 - 30,000.00 
20,983 
7.54% 
£570,303,739.67 
11.06% 
564 
£15,325,798.63 
20,297 
£551,635,583.94 
122 
£3,342,357.10 
13,354 
£362,907,625.03 
7,629 
£207,396,114.64 
20,805 
£565,422,990.49 
178 
£4,880,749.18 
> 30,000.00 
27,716 
9.96% 
£1,254,318,272.25 
24.33% 
738 
£34,661,257.86 
26,807 
£1,212,742,625.67 
171 
£6,914,388.72 
17,254 
£766,296,978.76 
10,462 
£488,021,293.49 
27,398 
£1,239,758,239.43 
318 
£14,560,032.82 
Total 
278,294 
100% 
£5,155,199,103.05 
100% 
42,374 
£393,920,935.87 
235,299 
£4,744,727,736.62 
621 
£16,550,430.56 
131,143 
£2,797,865,224.50 
147,151 
£2,357,333,878.55 
276,402 
£5,118,373,130.56 
1,892 
£36,825,972.49 
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
Statistics 
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
Minimum Discounted Receivables Balance 
 £           304.04  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
Maximum Discounted Receivables Balance 
 £    300,775.19  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
Average Discounted Receivables Balance 
 £      18,524.29  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
 
7. 
Original Principal Balance 
  
Total Portfolio 
Type of contract 
Type of vehicle 
Obligor type 
  
Hire Purchase 
PCP 
Lease Purchase 
New vehicle 
Used vehicle 
Retail 
Corporate 
Distribution by Original 
Balance 
Number of 
contracts 
Percentage of 
contracts 
Outstanding 
Discounted 
Balance 
Percentage of 
Outstanding 
Discounted 
Balance 
Number  
of  
Contracts 
Outstanding 
Discounted 
Balance 
Number  
of  
Contracts 
Outstanding 
Discounted 
Balance 
Number  
of  
Contracts 
Outstanding 
Discounted 
Balance 
Number of 
contracts 
Outstanding 
Discounted 
Balance 
Number of 
contracts 
Outstanding 
Discounted 
Balance 
Number of 
contracts 
Outstanding 
Discounted 
Balance 
Number of 
contracts 
Outstanding 
Discounted 
Balance 
0.01 - 5,000.00 
4,896 
1.76% 
£13,299,318.13 
0.26% 
4,796 
£12,956,558.42 
100 
£342,759.71 
- 
- 
46 
£109,923.83 
4,850 
£13,189,394.30 
4,862 
£13,203,286.62 
34 
£96,031.51 
5,000.01 - 10,000.00 
19,307 
6.94% 
£111,344,717.86 
2.16% 
13,411 
£70,718,217.65 
5,891 
£40,593,441.77 
5 
£33,058.44 
281 
£1,608,788.99 
19,026 
£109,735,928.87 
19,180 
£110,704,187.01 
127 
£640,530.85 
10,000.01 - 15,000.00 
45,926 
16.50% 
£469,427,424.87 
9.11% 
12,715 
£114,121,428.90 
33,191 
£355,069,640.16 
20 
£236,355.81 
8,867 
£84,081,546.60 
37,059 
£385,345,878.27 
45,635 
£467,276,538.03 
291 
£2,150,886.84 
15,000.01 - 20,000.00 
69,213 
24.87% 
£1,001,911,231.22 
19.43% 
6,255 
£80,905,644.47 
62,920 
£920,418,941.33 
38 
£586,645.42 
30,835 
£428,386,071.88 
38,378 
£573,525,159.34 
68,918 
£998,607,377.48 
295 
£3,303,853.74 
20,000.01 - 25,000.00 
57,316 
20.60% 
£1,054,221,075.81 
20.45% 
2,599 
£42,726,433.50 
54,601 
£1,009,229,730.78 
116 
£2,264,911.53 
34,771 
£620,730,772.64 
22,545 
£433,490,303.17 
56,985 
£1,048,891,757.05 
331 
£5,329,318.76 
25,000.01 - 30,000.00 
36,413 
13.08% 
£815,032,563.62 
15.81% 
1,150 
£22,772,675.78 
35,117 
£788,903,861.46 
146 
£3,356,026.38 
25,015 
£545,189,284.94 
11,398 
£269,843,278.68 
36,125 
£809,304,471.49 
288 
£5,728,092.13 
> 30,000.00 
45,223 
16.25% 
£1,689,962,771.54 
32.78% 
1,448 
£49,719,977.15 
43,479 
£1,630,169,361.41 
296 
£10,073,432.98 
31,328 
£1,117,758,835.62 
13,895 
£572,203,935.92 
44,697 
£1,670,385,512.88 
526 
£19,577,258.66 
Total 
278,294 
100% 
£5,155,199,103.05 
100% 
42,374 
£393,920,935.87 
235,299 
£4,744,727,736.62 
621 
£16,550,430.56 
131,143 
£2,797,865,224.50 
147,151 
£2,357,333,878.55 
276,402 
£5,118,373,130.56 
1,892 
£36,825,972.49 
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
Statistics 
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
Minimum Original Balance 
£1,500.00   
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
Maximum Original Balance 
£339,950.00   
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
Average Original Balance 
£22,382.60   
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
 
8. 
Remaining Term  
  
Total Portfolio 
Type of contract 
Type of vehicle 
Obligor type 
  
Hire Purchase 
PCP 
Lease Purchase 
New vehicle 
Used vehicle 
Retail 
Corporate 
Distribution by 
remaining term 
(months) 
Number of 
contracts 
Percentage of 
contracts 
Outstanding 
Discounted Balance 
Percentage of 
Outstanding 
Discounted 
Balance 
Number of  
Contracts 
Outstanding 
Discounted 
Balance 
Number of  
Contracts 
Outstanding 
Discounted 
Balance 
Number of  
Contracts 
Outstanding 
Discounted 
Balance 
Number of 
contracts 
Outstanding 
Discounted Balance 
Number of 
contracts 
Outstanding 
Discounted Balance 
Number of 
contracts 
Outstanding 
Discounted Balance 
Number of 
contracts 
Outstanding 
Discounted 
Balance 
01 - 12 
24,125 
8.67% 
£267,319,738.57 
5.19% 
5,193 
£13,475,000.82 
18,908 
£253,362,871.11 
24 
£481,866.64 
11,307 
£160,493,175.02 
12,818 
£106,826,563.55 
23,909 
£265,673,663.22 
216 
£1,646,075.35 
13 - 24 
59,508 
21.38% 
£869,005,647.51 
16.86% 
9,377 
£49,882,059.45 
50,034 
£817,318,592.46 
97 
£1,804,995.60 
29,829 
£511,802,420.70 
29,679 
£357,203,226.81 
59,023 
£862,793,248.73 
485 
£6,212,398.78 
25 - 36 
86,508 
31.09% 
£1,625,907,874.02 
31.54% 
9,640 
£84,194,963.65 
76,643 
£1,535,549,949.04 
225 
£6,162,961.33 
43,466 
£916,225,538.88 
43,042 
£709,682,335.14 
85,992 
£1,614,895,898.72 
516 
£11,011,975.30 
37 - 48 
99,248 
35.66% 
£2,255,976,430.37 
43.76% 
9,410 
£114,959,097.42 
89,563 
£2,132,916,725.96 
275 
£8,100,606.99 
46,205 
£1,198,299,074.03 
53,043 
£1,057,677,356.34 
98,706 
£2,241,130,495.80 
542 
£14,845,934.57 
49 - 60 
8,903 
3.20% 
£136,957,678.10 
2.66% 
8,752 
£131,378,080.05 
151 
£5,579,598.05 
- 
- 
336 
£11,045,015.87 
8,567 
£125,912,662.23 
8,770 
£133,848,089.61 
133 
£3,109,588.49 
61 - 72 
2 
0.00% 
£31,734.48 
0.00% 
2 
£31,734.48 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
2 
£31,734.48 
2 
£31,734.48 
- 
- 
>72 
- 
0.00% 
- 
0.00% 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
Total 
278,294 
100% 
£5,155,199,103.05 
100% 
42,374 
£393,920,935.87 
235,299 
£4,744,727,736.62 
621 
£16,550,430.56 
131,143 
£2,797,865,224.50 
147,151 
£2,357,333,878.55 
276,402 
£5,118,373,130.56 
1,892 
£36,825,972.49 
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
Statistics 
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
Minimum Remaining Term 
  
6   
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
Maximum Remaining Term 
  
66   
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
Weighted Average Remaining Term 
  
34.22

--- Page 134 ---
- 123 - 
 
 
9. 
Original Term  
  
Total Portfolio 
Type of contract 
Type of vehicle 
Obligor type 
  
Hire Purchase 
PCP 
Lease Purchase 
New vehicle 
Used vehicle 
Retail 
Corporate 
Distribution by original 
term (months) 
Number of 
contracts 
Percentage 
of contracts 
Outstanding 
Discounted 
Balance 
Percentage of 
Outstanding 
Discounted 
Balance 
Number of  
Contracts 
Outstanding  
Discounted 
Balance 
Number of  
Contracts 
Outstanding  
Discounted 
Balance 
Number of  
Contracts 
Outstanding  
Discounted 
Balance 
Number of 
contracts 
Outstanding 
Discounted 
Balance 
Number of 
contracts 
Outstanding 
Discounted 
Balance 
Number of 
contracts 
Outstanding 
Discounted 
Balance 
Number of 
contracts 
Outstanding 
Discounted 
Balance 
01 - 12 
738 
0.27% 
£5,642,857.34 
0.11% 
469 
£1,748,764.96 
266 
£3,850,896.50 
3 
£43,195.88 
18 
£236,161.00 
720 
£5,406,696.34 
729 
£5,581,204.68 
9 
£61,652.66 
13 - 24 
5,331 
1.92% 
£73,653,344.11 
1.43% 
3,225 
£14,231,818.69 
2,096 
£59,152,406.57 
10 
£269,118.85 
501 
£18,528,390.81 
4,830 
£55,124,953.30 
5,268 
£72,940,885.82 
63 
£712,458.29 
25 - 36 
16,915 
6.08% 
£272,371,652.21 
5.28% 
7,351 
£45,657,526.08 
9,511 
£225,229,192.57 
53 
£1,484,933.56 
4,802 
£124,390,966.75 
12,113 
£147,980,685.46 
16,664 
£268,227,908.93 
251 
£4,143,743.28 
37 - 48 
50,234 
18.05% 
£871,249,458.70 
16.90% 
9,531 
£77,498,458.76 
40,579 
£790,241,481.30 
124 
£3,509,518.64 
13,725 
£315,744,707.35 
36,509 
£555,504,751.35 
49,711 
£862,281,319.92 
523 
£8,968,138.78 
49 - 60 
203,393 
73.09% 
£3,911,836,807.39 
75.88% 
20,131 
£235,155,374.71 
182,831 
£3,665,437,769.05 
431 
£11,243,663.63 
112,033 
£2,337,219,529.69 
91,360 
£1,574,617,277.70 
202,351 
£3,888,977,170.34 
1,042 
£22,859,637.05 
61 - 72 
1,683 
0.60% 
£20,444,983.30 
0.40% 
1,667 
£19,628,992.67 
16 
£815,990.63 
- 
- 
64 
£1,745,468.90 
1,619 
£18,699,514.40 
1,679 
£20,364,640.87 
4 
£80,342.43 
>72 
- 
0.00% 
- 
0.00% 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
Total 
278,294 
100% 
£5,155,199,103.05 
100% 
42,374 
£393,920,935.87 
235,299 
£4,744,727,736.62 
621 
£16,550,430.56 
131,143 
£2,797,865,224.50 
147,151 
£2,357,333,878.55 
276,402 
£5,118,373,130.56 
1,892 
£36,825,972.49 
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
Statistics 
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
Minimum Original Term 
7   
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
Maximum Original Term 
71   
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
Weighted Average Original Term 
47.98   
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
 
10. 
Seasoning  
  
Total Portfolio 
Type of contract 
Type of vehicle 
Obligor type 
  
Hire Purchase 
PCP 
Lease Purchase 
New vehicle 
Used vehicle 
Retail 
Corporate 
Distribution by seasoning 
(months) 
Number of 
contracts 
Percentage 
of contracts 
Outstanding 
Discounted 
Balance 
Percentage of 
Outstanding 
Discounted 
Balance 
Number of  
Contracts 
Outstanding 
Discounted 
Balance 
Number of  
Contracts 
Outstanding 
Discounted 
Balance 
Number of  
Contracts 
Outstanding 
Discounted 
Balance 
Number 
of 
contracts 
Outstanding 
Discounted 
Balance 
Number 
of 
contracts 
Outstanding 
Discounted 
Balance 
Number 
of 
contracts 
Outstanding 
Discounted 
Balance 
Number 
of 
contracts 
Outstanding 
Discounted 
Balance 
0 - 12 
118,769 
42.68% 
£2,621,032,957.84 
50.84% 
19,832 
£230,919,866.50 
98,610 
£2,380,259,593.41 
327 
£9,853,497.93 
49,586 
£1,314,539,668.57 
69,183 
£1,306,493,289.27 
118,035 
£2,601,418,187.12 
734 
£19,614,770.72 
13 - 24 
89,015 
31.99% 
£1,600,062,221.26 
31.04% 
12,604 
£111,390,772.24 
76,191 
£1,483,224,163.59 
220 
£5,447,285.43 
43,268 
£888,717,997.96 
45,747 
£711,344,223.30 
88,436 
£1,589,005,158.03 
579 
£11,057,063.23 
25 - 36 
52,892 
19.01% 
£737,592,837.83 
14.31% 
6,908 
£40,959,380.98 
45,922 
£695,556,271.89 
62 
£1,077,184.96 
28,830 
£465,350,300.38 
24,062 
£272,242,537.45 
52,491 
£732,711,107.80 
401 
£4,881,730.03 
37 - 48 
17,041 
6.12% 
£195,191,156.25 
3.79% 
2,453 
£9,330,986.28 
14,576 
£185,687,707.73 
12 
£172,462.24 
9,443 
£129,205,818.90 
7,598 
£65,985,337.35 
16,893 
£194,006,474.17 
148 
£1,184,682.08 
49 - 60 
577 
0.21% 
£1,319,929.87 
0.03% 
577 
£1,319,929.87 
- 
- 
- 
- 
16 
£51,438.69 
561 
£1,268,491.18 
547 
£1,232,203.44 
30 
£87,726.43 
61 - 72 
- 
0.00% 
- 
0.00% 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
>72 
- 
0.00% 
- 
0.00% 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
Total 
278,294 
100% 
£5,155,199,103.05 
100% 
42,374 
£393,920,935.87 
235,299 
£4,744,727,736.62 
621 
£16,550,430.56 
131,143 
£2,797,865,224.50 
147,151 
£2,357,333,878.55 
276,402 
£5,118,373,130.56 
1,892 
£36,825,972.49 
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
Statistics 
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
Minimum seasoning 
0   
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
Maximum seasoning 
55   
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
Weighted Average Seasoning 
13.83   
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
 
11. 
Geographical Region 
  
Total Portfolio 
Type of Contract 
Type of vehicle 
Obligor type 
  
Hire Purchase 
PCP 
Lease Purchase 
New vehicle 
Used vehicle 
Retail 
Corporate 
Distribution by geographic 
distribution 
Number of 
contracts 
Percentage 
of contracts 
Outstanding 
Discounted 
Balance 
Percentage of 
Outstanding 
Discounted 
Balance 
Number of  
Contracts 
Outstanding 
Discounted  
Balance 
Number of  
Contracts 
Outstanding 
Discounted  
Balance 
Number of  
Contracts 
Outstanding 
Discounted  
Balance 
Number of 
contracts 
Outstanding 
Discounted 
Balance 
Number of 
contracts 
Outstanding 
Discounted 
Balance 
Number of 
contracts 
Outstanding 
Discounted 
Balance 
Number of 
contracts 
Outstanding 
Discounted 
Balance 
East (England) 
27,142 
9.75% 
£527,160,973.50 
10.23% 
3,100 
£28,062,347.52 
23,991 
£497,707,818.58 
51 
£1,390,807.40 
13,422 
£295,182,772.64 
13,720 
£231,978,200.86 
26,996 
£523,581,859.93 
146 
£3,579,113.57 
East Midlands (England) 
15,973 
5.74% 
£311,734,709.71 
6.05% 
2,197 
£21,100,147.23 
13,750 
£289,867,981.35 
26 
£766,581.13 
7,928 
£173,913,025.10 
8,045 
£137,821,684.61 
15,874 
£309,807,219.35 
99 
£1,927,490.36 
London 
22,661 
8.14% 
£473,387,985.93 
9.18% 
3,085 
£31,650,395.24 
19,511 
£440,064,590.40 
65 
£1,673,000.29 
10,751 
£251,434,028.24 
11,910 
£221,953,957.69 
22,482 
£469,736,876.94 
179 
£3,651,108.99 
North East (England) 
12,886 
4.63% 
£218,548,413.10 
4.24% 
2,161 
£18,337,058.20 
10,718 
£200,034,455.67 
7 
£176,899.23 
6,214 
£124,062,011.09 
6,672 
£94,486,402.01 
12,835 
£217,581,242.16 
51 
£967,170.94 
North West (England) 
34,160 
12.27% 
£628,253,356.45 
12.19% 
5,074 
£45,715,612.32 
29,046 
£581,283,287.91 
40 
£1,254,456.22 
16,272 
£347,361,326.54 
17,888 
£280,892,029.91 
34,013 
£625,353,181.80 
147 
£2,900,174.65 
Northern Ireland 
3,902 
1.40% 
£71,371,228.18 
1.38% 
1,221 
£12,284,976.80 
2,672 
£58,876,483.70 
9 
£209,767.68 
1,465 
£34,364,029.23 
2,437 
£37,007,198.95 
3,806 
£69,692,946.40 
96 
£1,678,281.78 
Scotland 
41,938 
15.07% 
£709,424,674.73 
13.76% 
9,256 
£90,906,128.50 
32,647 
£617,652,272.70 
35 
£866,273.53 
15,323 
£315,627,284.16 
26,615 
£393,797,390.57 
41,721 
£705,370,574.78 
217 
£4,054,099.95 
South East (England) 
41,968 
15.08% 
£795,556,910.20 
15.43% 
5,279 
£46,580,420.41 
36,551 
£745,051,126.98 
138 
£3,925,362.81 
20,705 
£443,600,598.39 
21,263 
£351,956,311.81 
41,618 
£789,877,750.77 
350 
£5,679,159.43 
South West (England) 
20,794 
7.47% 
£379,447,202.42 
7.36% 
2,737 
£23,632,759.99 
17,965 
£353,440,136.92 
92 
£2,374,305.51 
10,806 
£222,106,416.41 
9,988 
£157,340,786.01 
20,589 
£375,584,759.16 
205 
£3,862,443.26 
Wales 
11,227 
4.03% 
£197,684,080.30 
3.83% 
1,597 
£13,599,849.97 
9,564 
£182,534,014.21 
66 
£1,550,216.12 
5,789 
£116,079,292.03 
5,438 
£81,604,788.27 
11,110 
£195,259,900.21 
117 
£2,424,180.09 
West Midlands (England) 
25,545 
9.18% 
£475,792,175.60 
9.23% 
3,834 
£36,084,442.33 
21,662 
£438,467,320.00 
49 
£1,240,413.27 
12,309 
£263,111,151.54 
13,236 
£212,681,024.06 
25,370 
£472,062,234.87 
175 
£3,729,940.73 
Yorkshire and The Humber 
20,098 
7.22% 
£366,837,392.93 
7.12% 
2,833 
£25,966,797.36 
17,222 
£339,748,248.20 
43 
£1,122,347.37 
10,159 
£211,023,289.13 
9,939 
£155,814,103.80 
19,988 
£364,464,584.19 
110 
£2,372,808.74 
Total  
278,294 
100% 
£5,155,199,103.05 
100% 
42,374 
£393,920,935.87 
235,299 
£4,744,727,736.62 
621 
£16,550,430.56 
131,143 
£2,797,865,224.50 
147,151 
£2,357,333,878.55 
276,402 
£5,118,373,130.56 
1,892 
£36,825,972.49

--- Page 135 ---
- 124 - 
 
 
12. 
Downpayment  
  
Total Portfolio 
Type of contract 
Type of vehicle 
Obligor type 
  
Hire Purchase 
PCP 
Lease Purchase 
New vehicle 
Used vehicle 
Retail 
Corporate 
Distribution by Down Payment 
Number of contracts 
Percentage 
of 
contracts 
Outstanding 
Discounted 
Balance 
Percentage 
of 
Outstanding 
Discounted 
Balance 
Number 
of 
contracts 
Outstanding 
Discounted 
Balance 
Number 
of 
contracts 
Outstanding 
Discounted 
Balance 
Number 
of 
contracts 
Outstanding 
Discounted 
Balance 
Number 
of 
contracts 
Outstanding 
Discounted 
Balance 
Number 
of 
contracts 
Outstanding 
Discounted 
Balance 
Number 
of 
contracts 
Outstanding 
Discounted 
Balance 
Number 
of 
contracts 
Outstanding 
Discounted 
Balance 
No Down Payment 
13,245 
4.76% 
£159,555,526.51 
3.10% 
6,574 
£47,326,868.80 
6,663 
£112,049,211.80 
8 
£179,445.91 
266 
£6,832,477.47 
12,979 
£152,723,049.04 
13,155 
£158,333,779.43 
90 
£1,221,747.08 
<= 1,000 
27,243 
9.79% 
£404,639,549.89 
7.85% 
5,068 
£52,141,697.48 
22,156 
£352,024,249.37 
19 
£473,603.04 
3,892 
£70,840,681.61 
23,351 
£333,798,868.28 
27,176 
£403,674,304.69 
67 
£965,245.20 
1,001 - 2,000 
26,278 
9.44% 
£398,334,828.62 
7.73% 
3,263 
£31,908,880.80 
23,001 
£366,132,159.95 
14 
£293,787.87 
7,678 
£131,274,647.17 
18,600 
£267,060,181.45 
26,197 
£396,858,649.90 
81 
£1,476,178.72 
2,001 - 3,000 
31,452 
11.30% 
£496,380,218.56 
9.63% 
3,055 
£30,000,643.97 
28,374 
£465,825,510.37 
23 
£554,064.22 
12,849 
£219,127,686.37 
18,603 
£277,252,532.19 
31,359 
£494,738,707.85 
93 
£1,641,510.71 
3,001 - 4,000 
31,887 
11.46% 
£524,245,182.28 
10.17% 
2,686 
£25,736,581.45 
29,177 
£497,940,935.55 
24 
£567,665.28 
16,291 
£281,181,373.58 
15,596 
£243,063,808.70 
31,808 
£522,818,132.49 
79 
£1,427,049.79 
4,001 - 5,000 
30,752 
11.05% 
£541,791,613.22 
10.51% 
2,723 
£26,392,844.79 
27,992 
£514,506,323.90 
37 
£892,444.53 
17,560 
£323,845,442.84 
13,192 
£217,946,170.38 
30,606 
£538,843,249.03 
146 
£2,948,364.19 
5,001 - 6,000 
25,752 
9.25% 
£471,710,700.69 
9.15% 
2,211 
£20,803,815.08 
23,503 
£450,016,520.16 
38 
£890,365.45 
16,167 
£307,686,616.02 
9,585 
£164,024,084.67 
25,623 
£469,243,029.72 
129 
£2,467,670.97 
6,001 - 7,000 
19,940 
7.17% 
£389,587,776.81 
7.56% 
1,751 
£15,687,279.99 
18,157 
£373,100,915.63 
32 
£799,581.19 
13,429 
£274,915,491.60 
6,511 
£114,672,285.21 
19,852 
£387,967,866.74 
88 
£1,619,910.07 
7,001 - 8,000 
15,122 
5.43% 
£311,710,425.63 
6.05% 
1,528 
£13,316,255.15 
13,546 
£297,170,942.76 
48 
£1,223,227.72 
10,177 
£221,986,960.67 
4,945 
£89,723,464.96 
15,029 
£309,897,162.23 
93 
£1,813,263.40 
8,001 - 9,000 
11,339 
4.07% 
£245,996,687.72 
4.77% 
1,220 
£11,027,067.07 
10,081 
£233,991,657.92 
38 
£977,962.73 
7,705 
£176,531,428.49 
3,634 
£69,465,259.23 
11,266 
£244,320,362.72 
73 
£1,676,325.00 
9,001 - 10,000 
9,467 
3.40% 
£217,479,148.60 
4.22% 
1,698 
£16,153,482.26 
7,735 
£200,340,900.74 
34 
£984,765.60 
5,826 
£149,469,951.47 
3,641 
£68,009,197.13 
9,357 
£215,126,144.38 
110 
£2,353,004.22 
10,001 - 11,000 
6,518 
2.34% 
£151,672,488.08 
2.94% 
1,146 
£10,760,443.23 
5,322 
£139,543,409.59 
50 
£1,368,635.26 
4,026 
£103,264,594.07 
2,492 
£48,407,894.01 
6,429 
£149,544,616.95 
89 
£2,127,871.13 
11,001 - 12,000 
4,718 
1.70% 
£111,394,149.42 
2.16% 
920 
£7,375,020.19 
3,759 
£102,935,446.85 
39 
£1,083,682.38 
2,996 
£80,496,763.54 
1,722 
£30,897,385.88 
4,640 
£109,660,599.01 
78 
£1,733,550.41 
12,001 - 13,000 
3,515 
1.26% 
£85,416,937.50 
1.66% 
846 
£7,031,193.74 
2,649 
£77,816,229.91 
20 
£569,513.85 
2,072 
£59,311,871.79 
1,443 
£26,105,065.71 
3,463 
£84,186,191.08 
52 
£1,230,746.42 
13,001 - 14,000 
2,679 
0.96% 
£64,695,098.26 
1.25% 
746 
£6,320,521.40 
1,905 
£57,684,401.12 
28 
£690,175.74 
1,499 
£44,540,342.70 
1,180 
£20,154,755.56 
2,620 
£63,522,091.48 
59 
£1,173,006.78 
14,001 - 15,000 
2,656 
0.95% 
£69,666,992.91 
1.35% 
824 
£6,593,736.15 
1,806 
£62,416,443.26 
26 
£656,813.50 
1,319 
£43,801,006.89 
1,337 
£25,865,986.02 
2,601 
£68,584,260.44 
55 
£1,082,732.47 
> 15,000 
15,731 
5.65% 
£510,921,778.35 
9.91% 
6,115 
£65,344,604.32 
9,473 
£441,232,477.74 
143 
£4,344,696.29 
7,391 
£302,757,888.22 
8,340 
£208,163,890.13 
15,221 
£501,053,982.42 
510 
£9,867,795.93 
Total 
278,294 
100% 
£5,155,199,103.05 
100% 
42,374 
£393,920,935.87 
235,299 
£4,744,727,736.62 
621 
£16,550,430.56 
131,143 
£2,797,865,224.50 
147,151 
£2,357,333,878.55 
276,402 
£5,118,373,130.56 
1,892 
£36,825,972.49 
  
    
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
    
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
Statistics 
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
Minimum Down Payment 
  
£0.00   
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
Maximum Down Payment 
  
£348,504.60   
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
Average Down Payment (Obligors who made a Down Payment)   
£6,062.08   
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
Average Down Payment (Total) 
£5,773.57   
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
 
13. 
Brand and Model  
  
  
Total Portfolio 
Type of contract 
Type of vehicle 
Obligor type 
  
  
Hire Purchase 
PCP 
Lease Purchase 
New vehicle 
Used vehicle 
Retail 
Corporate 
Distribution by brand & 
Model 
Model 
Number of 
contracts 
Percentage 
of contracts 
Outstanding 
Discounted Balance 
Percentage of 
Outstanding 
Discounted 
Balance 
Number 
of  
Contracts 
Outstanding 
Discounted  
Balance 
Number of  
Contracts 
Outstanding 
Discounted  
Balance 
Number of  
Contracts 
Outstanding 
Discounted  
Balance 
Number of 
contracts 
Outstanding 
Discounted Balance 
Number of 
contracts 
Outstanding 
Discounted Balance 
Number of 
contracts 
Outstanding 
Discounted Balance 
Number of 
contracts 
Outstanding 
Discounted 
Balance 
Audi 
A1 
17,000 
6.11% 
£259,233,359.88 
5.03% 
        1,344  
£9,989,050.89 
         15,656  
£249,244,308.99 
                  -  
£0.00 
           9,068  
£153,389,288.16 
           7,932  
£105,844,071.72 
         16,988  
£259,084,130.52 
                12  
£149,229.36 
  
A3 
14,571 
5.24% 
£277,630,658.95 
5.39% 
        1,416  
£12,111,663.83 
         13,155  
£265,518,995.12 
                  -  
£0.00 
           6,969  
£155,483,885.73 
           7,602  
£122,146,773.22 
         14,555  
£277,287,118.83 
                16  
£343,540.12 
  
A4 
4,575 
1.64% 
£85,985,571.50 
1.67% 
           701  
£6,335,524.07 
           3,874  
£79,650,047.43 
                  -  
£0.00 
           1,658  
£39,243,657.96 
           2,917  
£46,741,913.54 
           4,564  
£85,812,201.40 
                11  
£173,370.10 
  
A4 ALLROAD 
130 
0.05% 
£2,368,670.30 
0.05% 
             20  
£144,206.78 
              110  
£2,224,463.52 
                  -  
£0.00 
                54  
£1,258,578.05 
                76  
£1,110,092.25 
              130  
£2,368,670.30 
                  -  
£0.00 
  
A5 
4,388 
1.58% 
£94,547,775.92 
1.83% 
           569  
£5,965,116.51 
           3,819  
£88,582,659.41 
                  -  
£0.00 
           1,737  
£46,610,465.22 
           2,651  
£47,937,310.70 
           4,381  
£94,362,906.67 
                  7  
£184,869.25 
  
A6 
3,103 
1.12% 
£68,312,750.00 
1.33% 
           603  
£6,997,813.84 
           2,500  
£61,314,936.16 
                  -  
£0.00 
           1,177  
£33,395,812.88 
           1,926  
£34,916,937.12 
           3,093  
£68,049,803.66 
                10  
£262,946.34 
  
A6 ALLROAD 
83 
0.03% 
£1,980,869.41 
0.04% 
             17  
£266,157.83 
                66  
£1,714,711.58 
                  -  
£0.00 
                30  
£833,300.79 
                53  
£1,147,568.62 
                83  
£1,980,869.41 
                  -  
£0.00 
  
A7 
598 
0.21% 
£15,736,358.74 
0.31% 
           108  
£1,486,980.99 
              490  
£14,249,377.75 
                  -  
£0.00 
              198  
£6,701,242.42 
              400  
£9,035,116.32 
              598  
£15,736,358.74 
                  -  
£0.00 
  
A8 
192 
0.07% 
£5,171,517.30 
0.10% 
             60  
£857,578.60 
              132  
£4,313,938.70 
                  -  
£0.00 
                41  
£1,723,173.11 
              151  
£3,448,344.19 
              191  
£5,157,454.98 
                  1  
£14,062.32 
  
E-TRON 
864 
0.31% 
£32,192,474.00 
0.62% 
             30  
£698,741.84 
              834  
£31,493,732.16 
                  -  
£0.00 
              155  
£6,856,892.47 
              709  
£25,335,581.53 
              850  
£31,596,526.93 
                14  
£595,947.07 
  
E-TRON GT 
110 
0.04% 
£6,782,798.78 
0.13% 
               2  
£83,995.64 
              108  
£6,698,803.14 
                  -  
£0.00 
                79  
£4,922,174.23 
                31  
£1,860,624.55 
              108  
£6,650,253.82 
                  2  
£132,544.96 
  
Q2 
11,472 
4.12% 
£206,639,417.95 
4.01% 
           620  
£6,104,594.69 
         10,852  
£200,534,823.26 
                  -  
£0.00 
           6,748  
£130,727,648.92 
           4,724  
£75,911,769.03 
         11,456  
£206,334,651.35 
                16  
£304,766.60 
  
Q3 
11,195 
4.02% 
£250,659,569.75 
4.86% 
           746  
£7,532,380.70 
         10,449  
£243,127,189.05 
                  -  
£0.00 
           6,186  
£154,132,587.47 
           5,009  
£96,526,982.28 
         11,172  
£250,168,609.96 
                23  
£490,959.79 
  
Q4 
1,324 
0.48% 
£44,893,168.46 
0.87% 
             19  
£350,723.49 
           1,305  
£44,542,444.97 
                  -  
£0.00 
           1,063  
£36,251,073.85 
              261  
£8,642,094.61 
           1,316  
£44,622,809.72 
                  8  
£270,358.74 
  
Q5 
10,041 
3.61% 
£289,077,735.96 
5.61% 
           741  
£9,208,644.80 
           9,300  
£279,869,091.16 
                  -  
£0.00 
           5,579  
£180,626,122.38 
           4,462  
£108,451,613.58 
           9,996  
£287,778,068.03 
                45  
£1,299,667.93 
  
Q7 
3,418 
1.23% 
£132,480,810.45 
2.57% 
           319  
£5,899,534.02 
           3,098  
£126,553,349.94 
                  1  
£27,926.49 
           1,814  
£81,284,166.38 
           1,604  
£51,196,644.07 
           3,392  
£131,480,862.61 
                26  
£999,947.84 
  
Q8 
1,108 
0.40% 
£53,616,917.79 
1.04% 
             44  
£919,856.52 
           1,064  
£52,697,061.27 
                  -  
£0.00 
              674  
£35,242,415.01 
              434  
£18,374,502.78 
           1,101  
£53,233,752.00 
                  7  
£383,165.79 
  
R8 
56 
0.02% 
£4,075,890.40 
0.08% 
               6  
£180,278.43 
                50  
£3,895,611.97 
                  -  
£0.00 
                11  
£1,070,605.49 
                45  
£3,005,284.91 
                55  
£3,931,205.83 
                  1  
£144,684.57 
  
RS 7 
41 
0.01% 
£2,358,832.88 
0.05% 
               4  
£97,284.10 
                37  
£2,261,548.78 
                  -  
£0.00 
                16  
£1,037,488.07 
                25  
£1,321,344.81 
                41  
£2,358,832.88 
                  -  
£0.00 
  
RS E-TRON GT 
34 
0.01% 
£2,844,038.55 
0.06% 
               1  
£31,753.03 
                33  
£2,812,285.52 
                  -  
£0.00 
                19  
£1,684,626.32 
                15  
£1,159,412.23 
                33  
£2,760,224.28 
                  1  
£83,814.27 
  
RS Q3 
430 
0.15% 
£16,890,643.65 
0.33% 
             25  
£489,867.49 
              405  
£16,400,776.16 
                  -  
£0.00 
              284  
£11,276,536.77 
              146  
£5,614,106.88 
              425  
£16,729,729.91 
                  5  
£160,913.74 
  
RS Q8 
105 
0.04% 
£8,739,282.84 
0.17% 
               4  
£146,054.57 
              101  
£8,593,228.27 
                  -  
£0.00 
                76  
£6,424,730.59 
                29  
£2,314,552.25 
              102  
£8,508,162.10 
                  3  
£231,120.74 
  
RS3 
381 
0.14% 
£14,045,424.91 
0.27% 
             41  
£772,291.76 
              340  
£13,273,133.15 
                  -  
£0.00 
              189  
£7,852,515.83 
              192  
£6,192,909.08 
              379  
£13,966,971.28 
                  2  
£78,453.63 
  
RS4 
217 
0.08% 
£10,160,837.49 
0.20% 
               8  
£180,890.13 
              209  
£9,979,947.36 
                  -  
£0.00 
                91  
£4,623,534.47 
              126  
£5,537,303.02 
              217  
£10,160,837.49 
                  -  
£0.00 
  
RS5 
283 
0.10% 
£12,286,143.18 
0.24% 
             21  
£419,333.51 
              262  
£11,866,809.67 
                  -  
£0.00 
              107  
£5,221,252.60 
              176  
£7,064,890.58 
              283  
£12,286,143.18 
                  -  
£0.00 
  
RS6 
242 
0.09% 
£15,480,768.42 
0.30% 
             15  
£467,597.21 
              227  
£15,013,171.21 
                  -  
£0.00 
              111  
£7,739,859.31 
              131  
£7,740,909.11 
              238  
£15,174,944.70 
                  4  
£305,823.72 
  
S8 
1 
0.00% 
£29,112.83 
0.00% 
               -  
£0.00 
                  1  
£29,112.83 
                  -  
£0.00 
                  -  
£0.00 
                  1  
£29,112.83 
                  1  
£29,112.83 
                  -  
£0.00 
  
TT 
2,908 
1.04% 
£63,502,846.96 
1.23% 
           288  
£2,868,023.37 
           2,620  
£60,634,823.59 
                  -  
£0.00 
           1,362  
£34,810,611.25 
           1,546  
£28,692,235.71 
           2,902  
£63,372,307.33 
                  6  
£130,539.63 
Sub-Total Audi 
  
88,870 
31.93% 
£1,977,724,247.25 
38.36% 
        7,772  
£80,605,938.64 
         81,097  £1,897,090,382.12 
                  1  
£27,926.49 
         45,496  
£1,150,424,245.73 
         43,374  
£827,300,001.52 
         88,650  
£1,970,983,520.74 
              220  
£6,740,726.51 
Bentley 
BENTAYGA 
214 
0.08% 
£22,594,077.13 
0.44% 
             25  
£1,262,960.47 
              189  
£21,331,116.66 
                  -  
£0.00 
                87  
£11,199,760.06 
              127  
£11,394,317.07 
              214  
£22,594,077.13 
                  -  
£0.00 
  
Continental 
1 
0.00% 
£8,100.72 
0.00% 
               1  
£8,100.72 
                  -  
£0.00 
                  -  
£0.00 
                  -  
£0.00 
                  1  
£8,100.72 
                  1  
£8,100.72 
                  -  
£0.00 
  
CONTINENTAL FLYING SPUR 
1 
0.00% 
£8,782.80 
0.00% 
               1  
£8,782.80 
                  -  
£0.00 
                  -  
£0.00 
                  -  
£0.00 
                  1  
£8,782.80 
                  1  
£8,782.80 
                  -  
£0.00 
  
CONTINENTAL GT 
142 
0.05% 
£12,876,604.70 
0.25% 
             20  
£728,715.50 
              122  
£12,147,889.20 
                  -  
£0.00 
                28  
£4,032,003.86 
              114  
£8,844,600.84 
              140  
£12,694,628.36 
                  2  
£181,976.34 
  
CONTINENTAL GTC 
144 
0.05% 
£13,996,227.47 
0.27% 
             28  
£1,326,646.80 
              115  
£12,549,686.85 
                  1  
£119,893.82 
                36  
£4,915,425.64 
              108  
£9,080,801.83 
              141  
£13,867,421.84 
                  3  
£128,805.63 
  
FLYING SPUR 
41 
0.01% 
£4,424,926.82 
0.09% 
               6  
£238,756.00 
                35  
£4,186,170.82 
                  -  
£0.00 
                13  
£1,877,444.32 
                28  
£2,547,482.50 
                41  
£4,424,926.82 
                  -  
£0.00 
  
MULSANNE 
16 
0.01% 
£1,341,361.86 
0.03% 
               6  
£383,151.24 
                10  
£958,210.62 
                  -  
£0.00 
                  -  
£0.00 
                16  
£1,341,361.86 
                15  
£1,204,112.98 
                  1  
£137,248.88 
Sub-Total Bentley 
  
559 
0.20% 
£55,250,081.50 
1.07% 
             87  
£3,957,113.53 
              471  
£51,173,074.15 
                  1  
£119,893.82 
              164  
£22,024,633.88 
              395  
£33,225,447.62 
              553  
£54,802,050.65 
                  6  
£448,030.85 
Cupra 
ATECA 
115 
0.04% 
£3,282,232.66 
0.06% 
             11  
£130,523.48 
              104  
£3,151,709.18 
                  -  
£0.00 
                69  
£2,084,877.38 
                46  
£1,197,355.28 
              115  
£3,282,232.66 
                  -  
£0.00 
  
BORN 
687 
0.25% 
£18,786,387.04 
0.36% 
               2  
£22,181.95 
              685  
£18,764,205.09 
                  -  
£0.00 
              606  
£16,655,272.67 
                81  
£2,131,114.37 
              685  
£18,738,969.19 
                  2  
£47,417.85 
  
FORMENTOR 
2,219 
0.80% 
£51,441,191.27 
1.00% 
             79  
£856,108.19 
           2,140  
£50,585,083.08 
                  -  
£0.00 
           1,787  
£41,605,711.58 
              432  
£9,835,479.69 
           2,218  
£51,421,783.28 
                  1  
£19,407.99 
  
LEON 
134 
0.05% 
£3,065,694.81 
0.06% 
             10  
£97,850.56 
              124  
£2,967,844.25 
                  -  
£0.00 
                87  
£2,092,621.20 
                47  
£973,073.61 
              134  
£3,065,694.81 
                  -  
£0.00 
Sub-Total Cupra 
  
3,155 
1.13% 
£76,575,505.78 
1.49% 
           102  
£1,106,664.18 
           3,053  
£75,468,841.60 
                  -  
£0.00 
           2,549  
£62,438,482.83 
              606  
£14,137,022.95 
           3,152  
£76,508,679.94 
                  3  
£66,825.84 
Lamborghini 
AVENTADOR 
24 
0.01% 
£4,059,077.26 
0.08% 
               6  
£509,406.08 
                18  
£3,549,671.18 
                  -  
£0.00 
                  7  
£1,180,684.19 
                17  
£2,878,393.07 
                23  
£3,881,157.15 
                  1  
£177,920.11

--- Page 136 ---
- 125 - 
 
 
  
  
Total Portfolio 
Type of contract 
Type of vehicle 
Obligor type 
  
  
Hire Purchase 
PCP 
Lease Purchase 
New vehicle 
Used vehicle 
Retail 
Corporate 
Distribution by brand & 
Model 
Model 
Number of 
contracts 
Percentage 
of contracts 
Outstanding 
Discounted Balance 
Percentage of 
Outstanding 
Discounted 
Balance 
Number 
of  
Contracts 
Outstanding 
Discounted  
Balance 
Number of  
Contracts 
Outstanding 
Discounted  
Balance 
Number of  
Contracts 
Outstanding 
Discounted  
Balance 
Number of 
contracts 
Outstanding 
Discounted Balance 
Number of 
contracts 
Outstanding 
Discounted Balance 
Number of 
contracts 
Outstanding 
Discounted Balance 
Number of 
contracts 
Outstanding 
Discounted 
Balance 
  
GALLARDO 
- 
0.00% 
£0.00 
0.00% 
               -  
£0.00 
                  -  
£0.00 
                  -  
£0.00 
                  -  
£0.00 
                  -  
£0.00 
                  -  
£0.00 
                  -  
£0.00 
  
HURACAN 
57 
0.02% 
£7,809,428.66 
0.15% 
               7  
£577,885.47 
                50  
£7,231,543.19 
                  -  
£0.00 
                23  
£3,711,253.94 
                34  
£4,098,174.72 
                57  
£7,809,428.66 
                  -  
£0.00 
  
URUS 
89 
0.03% 
£13,037,952.58 
0.25% 
             17  
£1,379,184.23 
                70  
£11,494,089.73 
                  2  
£164,678.62 
                45  
£7,530,048.59 
                44  
£5,507,903.99 
                87  
£12,788,493.16 
                  2  
£249,459.42 
Sub-Total Lamborghini 
  
170 
0.06% 
£24,906,458.50 
0.48% 
             30  
£2,466,475.78 
              138  
£22,275,304.10 
                  2  
£164,678.62 
                75  
£12,421,986.72 
                95  
£12,484,471.78 
              167  
£24,479,078.97 
                  3  
£427,379.53 
Porsche 
718 
44 
0.02% 
£2,692,850.55 
0.05% 
               9  
£341,989.69 
                35  
£2,350,860.86 
                  -  
£0.00 
                25  
£1,517,134.25 
                19  
£1,175,716.30 
                44  
£2,692,850.55 
                  -  
£0.00 
  
911 
1,263 
0.45% 
£103,013,580.00 
2.00% 
           225  
£8,689,553.38 
           1,035  
£94,046,154.07 
                  3  
£277,872.55 
              464  
£45,630,217.57 
              799  
£57,383,362.43 
           1,254  
£102,365,746.33 
                  9  
£647,833.67 
  
911 TURBO 
2 
0.00% 
£54,015.37 
0.00% 
               1  
£5,461.47 
                  1  
£48,553.90 
                  -  
£0.00 
                  -  
£0.00 
                  2  
£54,015.37 
                  2  
£54,015.37 
                  -  
£0.00 
  
BOXSTER 
278 
0.10% 
£9,817,856.14 
0.19% 
             55  
£1,050,636.63 
              222  
£8,718,846.92 
                  1  
£48,372.59 
                48  
£2,220,570.22 
              230  
£7,597,285.92 
              277  
£9,759,943.01 
                  1  
£57,913.13 
  
CAYENNE 
1,243 
0.45% 
£67,068,658.45 
1.30% 
           185  
£4,451,307.05 
           1,054  
£62,428,033.22 
                  4  
£189,318.18 
              556  
£35,363,289.10 
              687  
£31,705,369.35 
           1,228  
£66,339,927.52 
                15  
£728,730.93 
  
CAYMAN 
562 
0.20% 
£26,174,450.56 
0.51% 
             87  
£2,149,222.92 
              472  
£23,818,162.06 
                  3  
£207,065.58 
              173  
£10,464,330.47 
              389  
£15,710,120.09 
              560  
£26,070,964.98 
                  2  
£103,485.58 
  
MACAN 
2,223 
0.80% 
£94,234,922.27 
1.83% 
           246  
£5,202,165.05 
           1,975  
£88,962,252.89 
                  2  
£70,504.33 
           1,000  
£48,120,322.69 
           1,223  
£46,114,599.58 
           2,214  
£93,875,716.41 
                  9  
£359,205.86 
  
PANAMERA 
254 
0.09% 
£14,013,203.97 
0.27% 
             37  
£1,039,488.10 
              216  
£12,894,081.85 
                  1  
£79,634.02 
                58  
£4,073,863.36 
              196  
£9,939,340.61 
              250  
£13,796,215.21 
                  4  
£216,988.76 
  
TAYCAN 
566 
0.20% 
£40,052,619.51 
0.78% 
             42  
£1,970,368.05 
              523  
£38,006,812.68 
                  1  
£75,438.78 
              305  
£22,371,823.02 
              261  
£17,680,796.49 
              549  
£38,842,422.89 
                17  
£1,210,196.62 
Sub-Total Porsche 
  
6,435 
2.31% 
£357,122,156.82 
6.93% 
           887  
£24,900,192.34 
           5,533  
£331,273,758.45 
                15  
£948,206.03 
           2,629  
£169,761,550.68 
           3,806  
£187,360,606.14 
           6,378  
£353,797,802.27 
                57  
£3,324,354.55 
Seat 
ALHAMBRA 
194 
0.07% 
£2,325,301.15 
0.05% 
           100  
£974,296.69 
                94  
£1,351,004.46 
                  -  
£0.00 
                  1  
£15,894.84 
              193  
£2,309,406.31 
              194  
£2,325,301.15 
                  -  
£0.00 
  
ALTEA XL 
- 
0.00% 
£0.00 
0.00% 
               -  
£0.00 
                  -  
£0.00 
                  -  
£0.00 
                  -  
£0.00 
                  -  
£0.00 
                  -  
£0.00 
                  -  
£0.00 
  
ALTEA 
- 
0.00% 
£0.00 
0.00% 
               -  
£0.00 
                  -  
£0.00 
                  -  
£0.00 
                  -  
£0.00 
                  -  
£0.00 
                  -  
£0.00 
                  -  
£0.00 
  
ARONA 
5,417 
1.95% 
£67,385,721.35 
1.31% 
           601  
£4,272,603.04 
           4,816  
£63,113,118.31 
                  -  
£0.00 
           2,848  
£38,893,018.47 
           2,569  
£28,492,702.88 
           5,411  
£67,317,900.95 
                  6  
£67,820.40 
  
ATECA 
3,918 
1.41% 
£59,276,658.23 
1.15% 
           522  
£4,171,131.54 
           3,396  
£55,105,526.69 
                  -  
£0.00 
           1,867  
£32,592,136.84 
           2,051  
£26,684,521.39 
           3,913  
£59,170,906.83 
                  5  
£105,751.40 
  
CUPRA ATECA 
121 
0.04% 
£2,402,356.48 
0.05% 
             23  
£271,116.36 
                98  
£2,131,240.12 
                  -  
£0.00 
                  7  
£131,877.93 
              114  
£2,270,478.55 
              121  
£2,402,356.48 
                  -  
£0.00 
  
CUPRA LEON 
23 
0.01% 
£442,350.94 
0.01% 
               2  
£20,230.91 
                21  
£422,120.03 
                  -  
£0.00 
                  4  
£75,659.33 
                19  
£366,691.61 
                23  
£442,350.94 
                  -  
£0.00 
  
IBIZA 
6,082 
2.19% 
£62,509,669.22 
1.21% 
        1,097  
£5,895,605.84 
           4,985  
£56,614,063.38 
                  -  
£0.00 
           2,899  
£35,053,293.80 
           3,183  
£27,456,375.42 
           6,080  
£62,492,774.17 
                  2  
£16,895.05 
  
LEON 
4,110 
1.48% 
£47,173,484.73 
0.92% 
        1,069  
£7,457,232.00 
           3,041  
£39,716,252.73 
                  -  
£0.00 
              921  
£12,390,320.62 
           3,189  
£34,783,164.11 
           4,108  
£47,144,035.89 
                  2  
£29,448.84 
  
LEON X-PERIENCE 
5 
0.00% 
£31,472.34 
0.00% 
               3  
£7,559.87 
                  2  
£23,912.47 
                  -  
£0.00 
                  -  
£0.00 
                  5  
£31,472.34 
                  5  
£31,472.34 
                  -  
£0.00 
  
MII 
179 
0.06% 
£1,076,731.53 
0.02% 
             66  
£177,416.33 
              113  
£899,315.20 
                  -  
£0.00 
                25  
£272,296.08 
              154  
£804,435.45 
              179  
£1,076,731.53 
                  -  
£0.00 
  
TARRACO 
876 
0.31% 
£16,674,488.14 
0.32% 
             77  
£892,237.22 
              799  
£15,782,250.92 
                  -  
£0.00 
              374  
£7,529,863.61 
              502  
£9,144,624.53 
              876  
£16,674,488.14 
                  -  
£0.00 
  
TOLEDO 
26 
0.01% 
£118,620.09 
0.00% 
             21  
£90,820.53 
                  5  
£27,799.56 
                  -  
£0.00 
                  -  
£0.00 
                26  
£118,620.09 
                26  
£118,620.09 
                  -  
£0.00 
Sub-Total Seat 
  
20,951 
7.53% 
£259,416,854.20 
5.03% 
        3,581  
£24,230,250.33 
         17,370  
£235,186,603.87 
                  -  
£0.00 
           8,946  
£126,954,361.52 
         12,005  
£132,462,492.68 
         20,936  
£259,196,938.51 
                15  
£219,915.69 
Skoda 
CITIGO 
664 
0.24% 
£3,073,785.48 
0.06% 
           297  
£895,072.98 
              367  
£2,178,712.50 
                  -  
£0.00 
                12  
£108,371.34 
              652  
£2,965,414.14 
              663  
£3,067,244.44 
                  1  
£6,541.04 
  
ENYAQ 
1,280 
0.46% 
£34,415,948.62 
0.67% 
             24  
£391,611.74 
           1,256  
£34,024,336.88 
                  -  
£0.00 
              992  
£26,413,655.32 
              288  
£8,002,293.30 
           1,273  
£34,209,160.08 
                  7  
£206,788.54 
  
FABIA 
7,625 
2.74% 
£71,706,495.17 
1.39% 
        1,262  
£5,613,428.70 
           6,363  
£66,093,066.47 
                  -  
£0.00 
           3,926  
£43,946,250.38 
           3,699  
£27,760,244.79 
           7,619  
£71,673,269.43 
                  6  
£33,225.74 
  
KAMIQ 
3,957 
1.42% 
£58,825,993.64 
1.14% 
           188  
£1,439,172.57 
           3,769  
£57,386,821.07 
                  -  
£0.00 
           2,914  
£44,167,448.77 
           1,043  
£14,658,544.87 
           3,954  
£58,786,709.29 
                  3  
£39,284.35 
  
KAROQ 
7,452 
2.68% 
£123,338,623.23 
2.39% 
           743  
£5,555,838.40 
           6,708  
£117,769,100.55 
                  1  
£13,684.28 
           4,090  
£75,885,658.72 
           3,362  
£47,452,964.51 
           7,442  
£123,173,112.02 
                10  
£165,511.21 
  
KODIAQ 
5,732 
2.06% 
£113,057,591.91 
2.19% 
           666  
£6,164,942.48 
           5,066  
£106,892,649.43 
                  -  
£0.00 
           3,184  
£69,953,082.87 
           2,548  
£43,104,509.04 
           5,723  
£112,885,247.10 
                  9  
£172,344.81 
  
OCTAVIA 
4,321 
1.55% 
£54,258,144.05 
1.05% 
        1,235  
£8,256,080.05 
           3,086  
£46,002,064.00 
                  -  
£0.00 
           1,467  
£25,219,930.77 
           2,854  
£29,038,213.28 
           4,317  
£54,212,562.64 
                  4  
£45,581.41 
  
RAPID 
43 
0.02% 
£187,423.50 
0.00% 
             23  
£71,554.09 
                20  
£115,869.41 
                  -  
£0.00 
                  -  
£0.00 
                43  
£187,423.50 
                43  
£187,423.50 
                  -  
£0.00 
  
RAPID SPACEBACK 
181 
0.07% 
£974,525.00 
0.02% 
           101  
£401,839.28 
                80  
£572,685.72 
                  -  
£0.00 
                  -  
£0.00 
              181  
£974,525.00 
              181  
£974,525.00 
                  -  
£0.00 
  
ROOMSTER 
1 
0.00% 
£4,448.13 
0.00% 
               -  
£0.00 
                  1  
£4,448.13 
                  -  
£0.00 
                  -  
£0.00 
                  1  
£4,448.13 
                  1  
£4,448.13 
                  -  
£0.00 
  
SCALA 
1,084 
0.39% 
£13,225,555.42 
0.26% 
           128  
£829,946.32 
              956  
£12,395,609.10 
                  -  
£0.00 
              576  
£7,743,014.04 
              508  
£5,482,541.38 
           1,083  
£13,214,461.46 
                  1  
£11,093.96 
  
SUPERB 
1,541 
0.55% 
£22,000,803.69 
0.43% 
           520  
£4,368,892.51 
           1,021  
£17,631,911.18 
                  -  
£0.00 
              441  
£8,782,410.45 
           1,100  
£13,218,393.24 
           1,540  
£21,991,085.91 
                  1  
£9,717.78 
  
YETI 
52 
0.02% 
£211,669.33 
0.00% 
             45  
£147,254.33 
                  7  
£64,415.00 
                  -  
£0.00 
                  -  
£0.00 
                52  
£211,669.33 
                52  
£211,669.33 
                  -  
£0.00 
  
YETI OUTDOOR 
247 
0.09% 
£1,453,563.80 
0.03% 
           151  
£626,725.79 
                96  
£826,838.01 
                  -  
£0.00 
                  -  
£0.00 
              247  
£1,453,563.80 
              245  
£1,437,687.95 
                  2  
£15,875.85 
Sub-Total Skoda 
  
34,180 
12.28% 
£496,734,570.97 
9.64% 
        5,383  
£34,762,359.24 
         28,796  
£461,958,527.45 
                  1  
£13,684.28 
         17,602  
£302,219,822.66 
         16,578  
£194,514,748.31 
         34,136  
£496,028,606.28 
                44  
£705,964.69 
Volkswagen 
AMAROK 
182 
0.07% 
£3,009,968.68 
0.06% 
           142  
£1,951,427.85 
                17  
£463,165.60 
                23  
£595,375.23 
                37  
£927,451.02 
              145  
£2,082,517.66 
              105  
£1,637,163.87 
                77  
£1,372,804.81 
  
ARTEON 
911 
0.33% 
£18,073,329.64 
0.35% 
           145  
£1,664,482.94 
              766  
£16,408,846.70 
                  -  
£0.00 
              253  
£6,113,039.65 
              658  
£11,960,289.99 
              910  
£18,049,126.08 
                  1  
£24,203.56 
  
BEETLE 
102 
0.04% 
£620,391.95 
0.01% 
             63  
£236,534.47 
                39  
£383,857.48 
                  -  
£0.00 
                  -  
£0.00 
              102  
£620,391.95 
              102  
£620,391.95 
                  -  
£0.00 
  
CADDY 
432 
0.16% 
£4,516,375.16 
0.09% 
           308  
£2,414,886.09 
                78  
£1,231,207.54 
                46  
£870,281.53 
              119  
£1,695,316.66 
              313  
£2,821,058.50 
              286  
£2,995,965.75 
              146  
£1,520,409.41 
  
CADDY CALIFORNIA 
3 
0.00% 
£60,045.37 
0.00% 
               1  
£13,355.56 
                  2  
£46,689.81 
                  -  
£0.00 
                  2  
£35,497.01 
                  1  
£24,548.36 
                  2  
£46,689.81 
                  1  
£13,355.56 
  
CADDY CALIFORNIA MAXI 
6 
0.00% 
£141,469.73 
0.00% 
               4  
£82,001.46 
                  2  
£59,468.27 
                  -  
£0.00 
                  1  
£27,879.98 
                  5  
£113,589.75 
                  6  
£141,469.73 
                  -  
£0.00 
  
CADDY MAXI 
182 
0.07% 
£2,464,083.19 
0.05% 
           113  
£1,167,617.85 
                49  
£922,585.68 
                20  
£373,879.66 
                65  
£1,043,738.60 
              117  
£1,420,344.59 
              124  
£1,829,474.13 
                58  
£634,609.06 
  
CADDY MAXI C20 
55 
0.02% 
£532,050.93 
0.01% 
             43  
£374,778.91 
                  9  
£106,534.64 
                  3  
£50,737.38 
                  -  
£0.00 
                55  
£532,050.93 
                49  
£483,006.69 
                  6  
£49,044.24 
  
CADDY MAXI LIFE 
1 
0.00% 
£7,794.24 
0.00% 
               1  
£7,794.24 
                  -  
£0.00 
                  -  
£0.00 
                  -  
£0.00 
                  1  
£7,794.24 
                  1  
£7,794.24 
                  -  
£0.00 
  
California 
493 
0.18% 
£17,351,605.28 
0.34% 
           134  
£2,345,014.11 
              351  
£14,653,113.95 
                  8  
£353,477.22 
              397  
£14,606,223.35 
                96  
£2,745,381.93 
              475  
£16,786,691.88 
                18  
£564,913.40 
  
Caravelle 
146 
0.05% 
£3,603,894.59 
0.07% 
             60  
£893,087.69 
                80  
£2,518,290.98 
                  6  
£192,515.92 
                47  
£1,389,515.42 
                99  
£2,214,379.17 
              140  
£3,497,749.24 
                  6  
£106,145.35 
  
CC 
32 
0.01% 
£167,063.10 
0.00% 
             27  
£133,745.57 
                  5  
£33,317.53 
                  -  
£0.00 
                  -  
£0.00 
                32  
£167,063.10 
                32  
£167,063.10 
                  -  
£0.00 
  
CRAFTER 
482 
0.17% 
£7,540,533.25 
0.15% 
           401  
£5,531,454.94 
                  5  
£103,276.35 
                76  
£1,905,801.96 
              155  
£2,479,597.21 
              327  
£5,060,936.04 
              233  
£3,922,216.22 
              249  
£3,618,317.03 
  
EOS 
1 
0.00% 
£3,974.52 
0.00% 
               1  
£3,974.52 
                  -  
£0.00 
                  -  
£0.00 
                  -  
£0.00 
                  1  
£3,974.52 
                  1  
£3,974.52 
                  -  
£0.00 
  
GOLF 
20,764 
7.46% 
£308,145,974.87 
5.98% 
        3,511  
£27,622,762.98 
         17,253  
£280,523,211.89 
                  -  
£0.00 
           8,130  
£143,386,747.36 
         12,634  
£164,759,227.51 
         20,744  
£307,830,094.21 
                20  
£315,880.66 
  
GOLF ALLTRACK 
4 
0.00% 
£48,707.17 
0.00% 
               1  
£2,859.28 
                  3  
£45,847.89 
                  -  
£0.00 
                  1  
£22,551.75 
                  3  
£26,155.42 
                  4  
£48,707.17 
                  -  
£0.00 
  
GOLF SV 
175 
0.06% 
£1,520,823.92 
0.03% 
             76  
£452,864.98 
                99  
£1,067,958.94 
                  -  
£0.00 
                25  
£234,574.90 
              150  
£1,286,249.02 
              175  
£1,520,823.92 
                  -  
£0.00 
  
GRAND CALIFORNIA 
25 
0.01% 
£845,088.04 
0.02% 
             10  
£153,041.45 
                13  
£609,494.92 
                  2  
£82,551.67 
                16  
£518,798.10 
                  9  
£326,289.94 
                24  
£802,818.49 
                  1  
£42,269.55 
  
ID.3 
3,246 
1.17% 
£66,965,427.97 
1.30% 
             36  
£515,553.76 
           3,210  
£66,449,874.21 
                  -  
£0.00 
           2,328  
£47,457,226.66 
              918  
£19,508,201.31 
           3,239  
£66,808,220.38 
                  7  
£157,207.59 
  
ID.4 
1,372 
0.49% 
£37,670,554.63 
0.73% 
             47  
£814,968.70 
           1,325  
£36,855,585.93 
                  -  
£0.00 
              996  
£26,975,403.72 
              376  
£10,695,150.91 
           1,363  
£37,425,724.10 
                  9  
£244,830.53 
  
ID.5 
465 
0.17% 
£15,363,138.66 
0.30% 
               6  
£127,211.43 
              459  
£15,235,927.23 
                  -  
£0.00 
              181  
£6,502,323.15 
              284  
£8,860,815.51 
              464  
£15,332,572.30 
                  1  
£30,566.36 
  
ID.BUZZ 
78 
0.03% 
£3,537,912.32 
0.07% 
               4  
£150,907.11 
                65  
£3,069,069.38 
                  9  
£317,935.83 
                74  
£3,367,234.93 
                  4  
£170,677.39 
                64  
£2,991,347.26 
                14  
£546,565.06 
  
JETTA 
15 
0.01% 
£77,019.91 
0.00% 
             14  
£71,844.34 
                  1  
£5,175.57 
                  -  
£0.00 
                  -  
£0.00 
                15  
£77,019.91 
                15  
£77,019.91 
                  -  
£0.00 
  
MULTIVAN 
82 
0.03% 
£3,170,474.78 
0.06% 
               1  
£27,216.99 
                77  
£2,970,396.97 
                  4  
£172,860.82 
                73  
£2,795,553.05 
                  9  
£374,921.73 
                79  
£3,057,790.86 
                  3  
£112,683.92 
  
PASSAT 
1,306 
0.47% 
£16,337,869.92 
0.32% 
           442  
£3,467,601.10 
              864  
£12,870,268.82 
                  -  
£0.00 
              255  
£4,511,173.28 
           1,051  
£11,826,696.64 
           1,303  
£16,291,432.32 
                  3  
£46,437.60 
  
PASSAT ALLTRACK 
7 
0.00% 
£74,984.93 
0.00% 
               2  
£10,959.15 
                  5  
£64,025.78 
                  -  
£0.00 
                  -  
£0.00 
                  7  
£74,984.93 
                  7  
£74,984.93 
                  -  
£0.00 
  
POLO 
26,634 
9.57% 
£305,108,696.04 
5.92% 
        3,522  
£20,771,405.03 
         23,112  
£284,337,291.01 
                  -  
£0.00 
         14,646  
£189,427,214.67 
         11,988  
£115,681,481.37 
         26,620  
£304,954,708.83 
                14  
£153,987.21 
  
SCIROCCO 
398 
0.14% 
£3,290,829.65 
0.06% 
           199  
£1,136,990.41 
              199  
£2,153,839.24 
                  -  
£0.00 
                  -  
£0.00 
              398  
£3,290,829.65 
              397  
£3,282,355.21 
                  1  
£8,474.44 
  
SHARAN 
377 
0.14% 
£4,968,557.99 
0.10% 
           167  
£1,603,793.46 
              210  
£3,364,764.53 
                  -  
£0.00 
                38  
£646,447.25 
              339  
£4,322,110.74 
              377  
£4,968,557.99 
                  -  
£0.00 
  
TAIGO 
2,149 
0.77% 
£40,456,373.17 
0.78% 
             59  
£520,768.47 
           2,090  
£39,935,604.70 
                  -  
£0.00 
           1,767  
£33,345,849.98 
              382  
£7,110,523.19 
           2,149  
£40,456,373.17 
                  -  
£0.00 
  
T-CROSS 
4,731 
1.70% 
£70,645,241.80 
1.37% 
           277  
£2,281,547.95 
           4,454  
£68,363,693.85 
                  -  
£0.00 
           3,280  
£50,281,656.95 
           1,451  
£20,363,584.85 
           4,725  
£70,548,066.89 
                  6  
£97,174.91 
  
Tiguan 
14,746 
5.30% 
£280,203,658.00 
5.44% 
        1,951  
£18,060,472.78 
         12,794  
£262,130,614.86 
                  1  
£12,570.36 
           7,294  
£157,771,662.54 
           7,452  
£122,431,995.46 
         14,713  
£279,453,850.29 
                33  
£749,807.71 
  
TIGUAN ALLSPACE 
1,858 
0.67% 
£40,850,370.68 
0.79% 
           178  
£2,240,031.12 
           1,680  
£38,610,339.56 
                  -  
£0.00 
           1,120  
£26,159,492.78 
              738  
£14,690,877.90 
           1,848  
£40,615,299.53 
                10  
£235,071.15 
  
Touareg 
1,148 
0.41% 
£32,773,429.35 
0.64% 
           213  
£3,049,989.24 
              934  
£29,700,081.05 
                  1  
£23,359.06 
              405  
£14,031,658.69 
              743  
£18,741,770.66 
           1,134  
£32,404,689.52 
                14  
£368,739.83 
  
TOURAN 
584 
0.21% 
£7,613,815.14 
0.15% 
           188  
£1,532,625.81 
              396  
£6,081,189.33 
                  -  
£0.00 
              155  
£2,587,579.47 
              429  
£5,026,235.67 
              583  
£7,590,570.28 
                  1  
£23,244.86 
  
TRANSPORTER 
1,765 
0.63% 
£29,948,044.82 
0.58% 
        1,061  
£12,734,617.04 
              329  
£7,546,199.54 
              375  
£9,667,228.24 
              632  
£13,019,493.33 
           1,133  
£16,928,551.49 
           1,085  
£18,525,691.56 
              680  
£11,422,353.26 
  
TRANSPORTER SHUTTLE 
122 
0.04% 
£2,411,260.92 
0.05% 
             80  
£1,299,502.47 
                30  
£785,184.06 
                12  
£326,574.39 
                13  
£321,650.70 
              109  
£2,089,610.22 
              109  
£2,122,961.78 
                13  
£288,299.14 
  
T-ROC 
14,499 
5.21% 
£260,516,477.13 
5.05% 
           953  
£8,225,464.65 
         13,546  
£252,291,012.48 
                  -  
£0.00 
           9,717  
£185,829,392.87 
           4,782  
£74,687,084.26 
         14,484  
£260,226,392.75 
                15  
£290,084.38 
  
UP 
3,024 
1.09% 
£23,354,555.07 
0.45% 
           601  
£2,384,245.12 
           2,423  
£20,970,309.95 
                  -  
£0.00 
           1,388  
£12,934,324.10 
           1,636  
£10,420,230.97 
           3,016  
£23,292,810.85 
                  8  
£61,744.22 
Sub-Total Volkswagen 
  
102,602 
36.87% 
£1,613,991,866.51 
31.31% 
      15,042  £126,079,401.02 
         86,974  £1,472,967,316.22 
              586  £14,945,149.27 
         53,610  
£950,446,269.13 
         48,992  
£663,545,597.38 
        101,187  
£1,590,892,641.71 
           1,415  
£23,099,224.80 
Other brands 
Other brands 
21,372 
7.68% 
£293,477,361.52 
5.69% 
        9,490  
£95,812,540.81 
         11,867  
£197,333,928.66 
                15  
£330,892.05 
                72  
£1,173,871.35 
         21,300  
£292,303,490.17 
         21,243  
£291,683,811.49 
              129  
£1,793,550.03 
Total Distribution by 
Brand & Model 
  
278,294 
100.00% 
£5,155,199,103.05 
100.00% 
      42,374  £393,920,935.87 
        235,299  £4,744,727,736.62 
              621  £16,550,430.56 
        131,143  
£2,797,865,224.50 
        147,151  
£2,357,333,878.55 
        276,402  
£5,118,373,130.56 
           1,892  
£36,825,972.49

--- Page 137 ---
- 126 - 
 
 
14. 
Type of Credit 
  
Total Portfolio 
Type of vehicle 
Type of Obligor 
  
New vehicle 
Used vehicle 
Retail 
Corporate 
Contract Type 
Number of 
contracts 
Percentage of 
contracts 
Outstanding 
Discounted Balance 
Percentage of 
Outstanding 
Discounted 
Balance 
Number of 
contracts 
Outstanding 
Discounted Balance 
Number of 
contracts 
Outstanding 
Discounted Balance 
Number of 
contracts 
Outstanding 
Discounted Balance 
Number of 
contracts 
Outstanding 
Discounted Balance 
Hire Purchase 
42,374 
15.23% 
£393,920,935.87 
7.64% 
1,518 
£27,166,260.63 
40,856 
£366,754,675.24 
41,287 
380,474,111.76 
1,087 
13,446,824.11 
Lease Purchase 
621 
0.22% 
£16,550,430.56 
0.32% 
326 
£8,701,074.56 
295 
£7,849,356.00 
361 
10,011,643.67 
260 
6,538,786.89 
PCP 
235,299 
84.55% 
£4,744,727,736.62 
92.04% 
129,299 
£2,761,997,889.31 
106,000 
£1,982,729,847.31 
234,754 
4,727,887,375.13 
545 
16,840,361.49 
Total 
278,294 
100.00% 
£5,155,199,103.05 
100.00% 
131,143 
£2,797,865,224.50 
147,151 
£2,357,333,878.55 
276,402 
£5,118,373,130.56 
1,892 
£36,825,972.49 
 
15. 
Type of Vehicle  
  
Total Portfolio 
Obligor type 
  
Retail 
Corporate 
Type of vehicle 
Number of 
contracts 
Percentage of 
contracts 
Outstanding 
Discounted Balance 
Percentage of 
Outstanding 
Discounted 
Balance 
Number of 
contracts 
Outstanding 
Discounted Balance 
Number of 
contracts 
Outstanding 
Discounted Balance 
New  
131,143 
47.12% 
£2,797,865,224.50 
54.27% 
130,303 
£2,777,755,629.15 
840 
£20,109,595.35 
Used 
147,151 
52.88% 
£2,357,333,878.55 
45.73% 
146,099 
£2,340,617,501.41 
1,052 
£16,716,377.14 
Total 
278,294 
100.00% 
£5,155,199,103.05 
100.00% 
276,402 
£5,118,373,130.56 
1,892 
£36,825,972.49 
 
16. 
Obligor Type  
  
Total Portfolio 
  
Obligor Type 
Number of 
contracts 
Percentage of 
contracts 
Outstanding 
Discounted Balance 
Percentage of 
Outstanding 
Discounted 
Balance 
Corporate 
1,892 
0.68% 
36,825,972.49 
0.71% 
Retail 
276,402 
99.32% 
5,118,373,130.56 
99.29% 
Total 
278,294 
100.00% 
£5,155,199,103.05 
100.00% 
 
17. 
Fuel Type 
  
Total Portfolio 
Type of Contract 
Type of vehicle 
Obligor type 
  
Hire Purchase 
PCP 
Lease Purchase 
New Vehicle 
Used Vehicle 
Retail 
Corporate 
Fuel Type 
Number 
of  
Contracts 
Percentage  
of 
Contracts 
Outstanding 
Discounted 
Balance 
Percentage 
of 
Outstanding 
Discounted 
Balance 
Number 
of  
Contracts 
Outstanding 
Discounted 
Balance 
Number 
of  
Contracts 
Outstanding 
Discounted 
Balance 
Number 
of  
Contracts 
Outstanding 
Discounted 
Balance 
Number 
of  
Contracts 
Outstanding 
Discounted 
Balance 
Number 
of  
Contracts 
Outstanding 
Discounted 
Balance 
Number 
of  
Contracts 
Outstanding 
Discounted 
Balance 
Number 
of  
Contracts 
Outstanding 
Discounted 
Balance 
Battery Electric 
11,179 
4.02% 
£326,120,837.48 
6.33% 
357 
£7,015,039.42 
10,809 
£318,662,283.80 
13 
£443,514.26 
6,952 
£202,982,925.76 
4,227 
£123,137,911.72 
11,088 
£322,455,046.28 
91 
£3,665,791.20 
Diesel 
50,874 
18.28% 
£971,095,204.72 
18.84% 
14,588 £147,448,560.60 
35,709 
£809,037,082.20 
577 
£14,609,561.92 
12,504 
£349,148,153.64 
38,370 
£621,947,051.08 
49,367 
£946,456,130.87 
1,507 
£24,639,073.85 
Hybrid 
5,142 
1.85% 
£147,759,878.00 
2.87% 
765 
£11,085,839.94 
4,371 
£136,353,072.93 
6 
£320,965.13 
2,369 
£79,199,255.15 
2,773 
£68,560,622.85 
5,108 
£146,420,890.65 
34 
£1,338,987.35 
Petrol 
211,099 
75.85% £3,710,223,182.85 
71.97% 
26,664 £228,371,495.91 
184,410 £3,480,675,297.69 
25 
£1,176,389.25 
109,318 £2,166,534,889.95 
101,781 £1,543,688,292.90 
210,839 £3,703,041,062.76 
260 
£7,182,120.09 
Total 
278,294 
100.00% £5,155,199,103.05 
100.00% 
42,374 £393,920,935.87 
235,299 £4,744,727,736.62 
621 
£16,550,430.56 
131,143 £2,797,865,224.50 
147,151 £2,357,333,878.55 
276,402 £5,118,373,130.56 
1,892 
£36,825,972.49 
 
18. 
Effective Interest Rate  
  
Total Portfolio 
Type of contract 
  
  
Type of vehicle 
Obligor type 
  
Hire Purchase 
PCP 
Lease Purchase 
New vehicle 
Used vehicle 
Retail 
Corporate 
Interest rate paid by 
Obligor 
Number 
of 
contracts 
Percentage 
of 
contracts 
Outstanding 
Discounted 
Balance 
Percentage 
of 
Outstanding 
Discounted 
Balance 
Number 
of 
contracts 
Outstanding 
Discounted 
Balance 
Number 
of 
contracts 
Outstanding 
Discounted 
Balance 
Number 
of  
Contracts 
Outstanding 
Discounted 
Balance 
Number 
of 
contracts 
Outstanding 
Discounted 
Balance 
Number 
of 
contracts 
Outstanding 
Discounted 
Balance 
Number 
of 
contracts 
Outstanding 
Discounted 
Balance 
Number 
of 
contracts 
Outstanding 
Discounted 
Balance 
< =0.50% 
3,514 
1.26% 
£44,986,274.23 
0.87% 
405 
£1,094,607.23 
3,109 
£43,891,667.00 
- 
- 
3,130 
£44,031,508.40 
384 
£954,765.83 
3,502 
£44,775,328.80 
12 
£210,945.43 
>= 0.50% - 1.00% 
2 
0.00% 
£52,252.40 
0.00% 
- 
- 
2 
£52,252.40 
- 
- 
2 
£52,252.40 
- 
- 
2 
£52,252.40 
- 
- 
>= 1.00% - 1.50% 
4 
0.00% 
£61,060.07 
0.00% 
- 
- 
4 
£61,060.07 
- 
- 
3 
£55,531.56 
1 
£5,528.51 
4 
£61,060.07 
- 
- 
>= 1.50% - 2.00% 
2 
0.00% 
£22,490.17 
0.00% 
- 
- 
2 
£22,490.17 
- 
- 
2 
£22,490.17 
- 
- 
2 
£22,490.17 
- 
-

--- Page 138 ---
- 127 - 
 
 
  
Total Portfolio 
Type of contract 
  
  
Type of vehicle 
Obligor type 
  
Hire Purchase 
PCP 
Lease Purchase 
New vehicle 
Used vehicle 
Retail 
Corporate 
Interest rate paid by 
Obligor 
Number 
of 
contracts 
Percentage 
of 
contracts 
Outstanding 
Discounted 
Balance 
Percentage 
of 
Outstanding 
Discounted 
Balance 
Number 
of 
contracts 
Outstanding 
Discounted 
Balance 
Number 
of 
contracts 
Outstanding 
Discounted 
Balance 
Number 
of  
Contracts 
Outstanding 
Discounted 
Balance 
Number 
of 
contracts 
Outstanding 
Discounted 
Balance 
Number 
of 
contracts 
Outstanding 
Discounted 
Balance 
Number 
of 
contracts 
Outstanding 
Discounted 
Balance 
Number 
of 
contracts 
Outstanding 
Discounted 
Balance 
>= 2.00% - 2.50% 
9 
0.00% 
£198,428.97 
0.00% 
- 
- 
9 
£198,428.97 
- 
- 
9 
£198,428.97 
- 
- 
9 
£198,428.97 
- 
- 
>= 2.50% - 3.00% 
2,421 
0.87% 
£50,774,531.29 
0.98% 
223 
£2,082,735.92 
2,081 
£46,019,147.97 
117 
£2,672,647.40 
2,419 
£50,721,861.72 
2 
£52,669.57 
2,192 
£47,362,435.64 
229 
£3,412,095.65 
>= 3.00% - 3.50% 
1,304 
0.47% 
£17,315,480.04 
0.34% 
2 
£2,260.10 
1,302 
£17,313,219.94 
- 
- 
1,301 
£17,272,903.95 
3 
£42,576.09 
1,303 
£17,292,054.38 
1 
£23,425.66 
>= 3.50% - 4.00% 
4,327 
1.55% 
£73,503,123.13 
1.43% 
31 
£412,219.92 
4,296 
£73,090,903.21 
- 
- 
4,305 
£72,907,571.08 
22 
£595,552.05 
4,300 
£73,146,479.03 
27 
£356,644.10 
>= 4.00% - 4.50% 
3,813 
1.37% 
£56,597,132.85 
1.10% 
- 
- 
3,813 
£56,597,132.85 
- 
- 
3,803 
£56,424,500.33 
10 
£172,632.52 
3,808 
£56,498,510.73 
5 
£98,622.12 
>= 4.50% - 5.00% 
28,397 
10.20% 
£472,223,578.67 
9.16% 
46 
£309,501.02 
28,338 
£471,665,604.84 
13 
£248,472.81 
28,342 
£471,394,649.42 
55 
£828,929.25 
28,319 
£470,847,000.58 
78 
£1,376,578.09 
>= 5.00% - 5.50% 
13,652 
4.91% 
£216,718,450.04 
4.20% 
69 
£1,152,698.16 
13,583 
£215,565,751.88 
- 
- 
13,566 
£214,909,037.09 
86 
£1,809,412.95 
13,626 
£216,193,148.76 
26 
£525,301.28 
>= 5.50% - 6.00% 
9,164 
3.29% 
£193,887,350.32 
3.76% 
200 
£2,752,881.21 
8,907 
£189,615,963.52 
57 
£1,518,505.59 
8,951 
£191,240,717.84 
213 
£2,646,632.48 
9,073 
£191,551,206.80 
91 
£2,336,143.52 
>= 6.00% - 6.50% 
11,647 
4.19% 
£263,586,464.14 
5.11% 
138 
£2,041,336.26 
11,506 
£261,491,664.53 
3 
£53,463.35 
11,528 
£262,009,149.55 
119 
£1,577,314.59 
11,599 
£262,398,453.24 
48 
£1,188,010.90 
>= 6.50% - 7.00% 
42,835 
15.39% 
£840,102,420.90 
16.30% 
4,232 
£33,175,922.84 
38,509 
£804,739,045.22 
94 
£2,187,452.84 
24,794 
£578,062,145.66 
18,041 
£262,040,275.24 
42,409 
£833,358,472.43 
426 
£6,743,948.47 
>= 7.00% - 7.50% 
4,892 
1.76% 
£94,655,562.50 
1.84% 
1,542 
£12,759,783.01 
3,320 
£81,084,351.28 
30 
£811,428.21 
1,006 
£31,493,691.72 
3,886 
£63,161,870.78 
4,777 
£92,501,622.25 
115 
£2,153,940.25 
>= 7.50% - 8.00% 
18,527 
6.66% 
£420,626,294.99 
8.16% 
1,758 
£17,711,911.89 
16,659 
£399,785,628.27 
110 
£3,128,754.83 
11,370 
£286,878,454.11 
7,157 
£133,747,840.88 
18,289 
£415,066,441.36 
238 
£5,559,853.63 
>= 8.00% - 8.50% 
5,310 
1.91% 
£74,563,022.70 
1.45% 
891 
£5,779,309.18 
4,411 
£68,602,453.33 
8 
£181,260.19 
1,190 
£23,127,804.98 
4,120 
£51,435,217.72 
5,278 
£74,112,315.60 
32 
£450,707.10 
>= 8.50% - 9.00% 
24,948 
8.96% 
£352,012,726.99 
6.83% 
7,440 
£57,774,497.09 
17,482 
£293,646,935.82 
26 
£591,294.08 
1,222 
£37,770,341.50 
23,726 
£314,242,385.49 
24,852 
£350,454,902.74 
96 
£1,557,824.25 
>= 9.00% - 9.50% 
5,041 
1.81% 
£71,837,685.78 
1.39% 
1,428 
£9,424,094.86 
3,610 
£62,352,915.25 
3 
£60,675.67 
635 
£12,699,461.69 
4,406 
£59,138,224.09 
5,018 
£71,587,203.49 
23 
£250,482.29 
>= 9.50% - 10.00% 
30,149 
10.83% 
£492,536,354.04 
9.55% 
7,558 
£69,090,204.92 
22,560 
£422,574,317.43 
31 
£871,831.69 
4,904 
£135,644,254.75 
25,245 
£356,892,099.29 
30,063 
£490,605,289.96 
86 
£1,931,064.08 
>= 10.00% 
68,336 
24.56% £1,418,938,418.83 
27.52% 
16,411 £178,356,972.26 
51,796 £1,236,356,802.67 
129 
£4,224,643.90 
8,661 
£310,948,467.61 
59,675 £1,107,989,951.22 
67,977 £1,410,288,033.16 
359 
£8,650,385.67 
Total 
278,294 
100.00% £5,155,199,103.05 
100.00% 
42,374 £393,920,935.87 
235,299 £4,744,727,736.62 
621 £16,550,430.56 
131,143 £2,797,865,224.50 
147,151 £2,357,333,878.55 
276,402 £5,118,373,130.56 
1,892 £36,825,972.49 
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
Statistics 
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
Minimum Interest rate 
0.00%   
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
Maximum Interest rate 
16.00%   
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
Weighted Average Interest rate 
8.12%   
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
 
19. 
Loan to Value 
Total Portfolio 
Type of Contract 
Type of Obligor 
Type of Vehicle 
Hire Purchase 
PCP 
Lease Purchase 
Retail 
Corporate 
New Vehicle 
Used Vehicle 
Loan to Value 
Number 
of  
Loans 
Percentage  
of Loans 
Outstanding 
Discounted  
Balance 
Percentage 
of  
Outstanding 
Discounted 
Balance 
Number 
of  
Contracts 
Outstanding 
Discounted  
Balance 
Number 
of  
Contracts 
Outstanding 
Discounted  
Balance 
Number 
of  
Contracts 
Outstanding 
Discounted  
Balance 
Number 
of  
Contracts 
Outstanding 
Discounted  
Balance 
Number 
of  
Contracts 
Outstanding 
Discounted  
Balance 
Number 
of  
Contracts 
Outstanding 
Discounted  
Balance 
Number 
of  
Contracts 
Outstanding 
Discounted  
Balance 
<= 50% 
11,171 
4.01% 
£81,781,354.59 
1.59% 
10,532 
£65,839,712.06 
600 
£14,794,906.54 
39 
£1,146,735.99 
10,862 
£79,108,246.42 
309 
£2,673,108.17 
1,112 
£19,867,770.90 
10,059 
£61,913,583.69 
50% <= 60% 
8,646 
3.11% 
£152,114,617.43 
2.95% 
3,959 
£38,031,134.46 
4,630 
£112,770,154.43 
57 
£1,313,328.54 
8,450 
£149,047,661.70 
196 
£3,066,955.73 
3,276 
£77,387,189.41 
5,370 
£74,727,428.02 
60% <= 70% 
16,549 
5.95% 
£336,155,360.03 
6.52% 
4,238 
£44,001,221.43 
12,209 
£289,664,594.14 
102 
£2,489,544.46 
16,310 
£331,524,277.18 
239 
£4,631,082.85 
8,075 
£192,603,500.46 
8,474 
£143,551,859.57 
70% <= 80% 
76,175 
27.37% £1,433,771,121.45 
27.81% 
5,314 
£57,180,821.14 
70,685 £1,372,101,372.10 
176 
£4,488,928.21 
75,759 £1,424,672,425.80 
416 
£9,098,695.65 
46,512 
£934,727,193.22 
29,663 
£499,043,928.23 
80% <= 90% 
94,483 
33.95% £1,885,923,500.24 
36.58% 
5,543 
£66,154,724.22 
88,763 £1,814,585,009.32 
177 
£5,183,766.70 
94,050 £1,875,268,264.02 
433 £10,655,236.22 
52,953 £1,140,596,732.02 
41,530 
£745,326,768.22 
90% <= 100% 
71,270 
25.61% £1,265,453,149.31 
24.55% 
12,788 £122,713,322.56 
58,412 £1,140,811,700.09 
70 
£1,928,126.66 
70,971 £1,258,752,255.44 
299 
£6,700,893.87 
19,215 
£432,682,838.49 
52,055 
£832,770,310.82 
Total 
278,294 
100.00% £5,155,199,103.05 
100.00% 
42,374 £393,920,935.87 
235,299 £4,744,727,736.62 
621 £16,550,430.56 
276,402 £5,118,373,130.56 
1,892 £36,825,972.49 
131,143 £2,797,865,224.50 
147,151 £2,357,333,878.55 
 
The Purchased Receivables have not been selected by the Seller with the aim of rendering losses on the Purchased Receivables to the Issuer, measured over the life of the Transaction, higher than the losses over the same period 
on comparable Purchased Receivables held on the balance sheet of the Seller.

--- Page 139 ---
- 128 - 
 
 
 
DELINQUENCIES 
The following data indicates, for the PCP, LP and HP portfolio of VWFS and for a given month the outstanding balance 
of the receivables which are current, one up to thirty (1-30) days, thirty-one up to sixty (31-60) days, sixty-one up to ninety 
(61-90) days, ninety-one to hundred-twenty (91-120), hundred-twenty-one to hundred-fifty (121-150), hundred-fifty-one 
to hundred-eighty (151-180) and more than hundred-eighty (180+) days in arrears, expressed as a percentage of the 
total outstanding balance of the PCP, LP and HP portfolio at the beginning of such period. 
 
The report records the oldest unpaid instalment as the starting point for the calculation of days in arrears. A payment of 
subsequent instalments does not affect the reference date for this calculation, which was the case in the old delinquency 
report. 
 
Arrear status credit portfolio VWFS in per cent. of receivables volume (rounded off to two decimal places)

--- Page 140 ---
- 129 - 
 
 
 
LP 
 
Calendar Year/Month 
Principal 
Outstanding 
Delinquent 
balance 1-30  
dpd (£) 
1-30 
dpd (%) 
Delinquent 
balance 31-60  
dpd (£) 
31-60 
dpd (%) 
Delinquent 
balance 61-90  
dpd (£) 
61-90 
dpd (%) 
Delinquent 
balance 91+  
dpd (£) 
91+ 
dpd (%) 
Delinquent 
balance 91-120  
dpd (£) 
91-120 
dpd (%) 
Delinquent 
balance 121-
150 
dpd (£) 
121-
150 
dpd (%) 
Delinquent 
balance 151-
180  
dpd (£) 
151-
180 
dpd (%) 
Delinquent 
balance 180+  
dpd (£) 
180+ 
dpd (%) 
06.2007 
439,763,273 
6,908,874 
1.57% 
3,761,636 
0.86% 
1,727,269 
0.39% 
1,914,546 
0.44% 
0.00 
813,277 
0.18% 
390,680 
0.09% 
199,887 
0.05% 
510,703 
0.12% 
07.2007 
441,931,582 
8,837,545 
2.00% 
3,584,734 
0.81% 
1,990,849 
0.45% 
2,046,977 
0.46% 
0.00 
980,223 
0.22% 
378,583 
0.09% 
293,911 
0.07% 
394,260 
0.09% 
08.2007 
441,065,570 
7,918,586 
1.80% 
4,117,393 
0.93% 
2,112,593 
0.48% 
2,023,125 
0.46% 
0.00 
901,728 
0.20% 
460,394 
0.10% 
255,093 
0.06% 
405,910 
0.09% 
09.2007 
445,320,610 
9,593,755 
2.15% 
3,965,413 
0.89% 
1,745,030 
0.39% 
2,129,698 
0.48% 
0.00 
977,520 
0.22% 
370,737 
0.08% 
313,629 
0.07% 
467,812 
0.11% 
10.2007 
446,047,914 
8,323,285 
1.87% 
4,136,552 
0.93% 
1,979,071 
0.44% 
2,010,075 
0.45% 
0.00 
784,891 
0.18% 
493,807 
0.11% 
266,710 
0.06% 
464,668 
0.10% 
11.2007 
446,586,169 
7,792,782 
1.74% 
4,294,877 
0.96% 
2,174,045 
0.49% 
2,226,763 
0.50% 
0.00 
1,062,154 
0.24% 
417,466 
0.09% 
275,944 
0.06% 
471,198 
0.11% 
12.2007 
446,199,391 
8,604,812 
1.93% 
3,770,065 
0.84% 
2,439,192 
0.55% 
2,659,553 
0.60% 
0.00 
1,281,200 
0.29% 
508,029 
0.11% 
259,652 
0.06% 
610,672 
0.14% 
01.2008 
447,981,747 
8,727,832 
1.95% 
4,099,787 
0.92% 
2,187,850 
0.49% 
3,190,150 
0.71% 
0.00 
1,503,340 
0.34% 
862,572 
0.19% 
337,716 
0.08% 
486,523 
0.11% 
02.2008 
445,222,373 
7,013,503 
1.58% 
4,181,247 
0.94% 
1,839,205 
0.41% 
2,519,086 
0.57% 
0.00 
932,827 
0.21% 
657,206 
0.15% 
455,502 
0.10% 
473,550 
0.11% 
03.2008 
452,708,878 
8,851,091 
1.96% 
4,116,429 
0.91% 
1,957,605 
0.43% 
2,614,997 
0.58% 
0.00 
998,885 
0.22% 
546,899 
0.12% 
426,449 
0.09% 
642,764 
0.14% 
04.2008 
454,244,705 
8,085,506 
1.78% 
4,288,452 
0.94% 
1,587,630 
0.35% 
3,181,860 
0.70% 
0.00 
1,625,781 
0.36% 
519,765 
0.11% 
287,546 
0.06% 
748,768 
0.16% 
05.2008 
458,636,361 
9,277,854 
2.02% 
3,857,257 
0.84% 
1,873,536 
0.41% 
3,172,871 
0.69% 
0.00 
1,154,712 
0.25% 
857,447 
0.19% 
458,999 
0.10% 
701,713 
0.15% 
06.2008 
458,740,369 
8,207,532 
1.79% 
4,503,736 
0.98% 
2,211,551 
0.48% 
2,954,204 
0.64% 
0.00 
1,023,590 
0.22% 
734,657 
0.16% 
320,067 
0.07% 
875,890 
0.19% 
07.2008 
453,312,024 
10,324,633 
2.28% 
4,440,028 
0.98% 
1,974,982 
0.44% 
3,007,770 
0.66% 
0.00 
1,166,319 
0.26% 
496,593 
0.11% 
448,268 
0.10% 
896,591 
0.20% 
08.2008 
446,571,261 
8,972,080 
2.01% 
5,551,477 
1.24% 
2,662,433 
0.60% 
3,138,829 
0.70% 
0.00 
1,048,480 
0.23% 
742,356 
0.17% 
385,574 
0.09% 
962,420 
0.22% 
09.2008 
443,844,635 
9,485,566 
2.14% 
5,727,537 
1.29% 
2,412,964 
0.54% 
3,637,566 
0.82% 
0.00 
1,529,749 
0.34% 
641,366 
0.14% 
485,944 
0.11% 
980,507 
0.22% 
10.2008 
435,183,832 
10,783,598 
2.48% 
5,661,295 
1.30% 
3,074,705 
0.71% 
3,456,473 
0.79% 
0.00 
1,258,967 
0.29% 
925,588 
0.21% 
301,143 
0.07% 
970,774 
0.22% 
11.2008 
426,404,054 
10,974,673 
2.57% 
6,211,755 
1.46% 
2,744,871 
0.64% 
3,987,012 
0.94% 
0.00 
1,689,794 
0.40% 
800,075 
0.19% 
600,187 
0.14% 
896,956 
0.21% 
12.2008 
415,199,872 
9,963,536 
2.40% 
5,653,593 
1.36% 
3,124,735 
0.75% 
3,943,563 
0.95% 
0.00 
1,325,078 
0.32% 
1,117,970 
0.27% 
569,969 
0.14% 
930,546 
0.22% 
01.2009 
406,733,033 
10,006,788 
2.46% 
7,177,007 
1.76% 
3,816,167 
0.94% 
4,527,332 
1.11% 
0.00 
1,966,264 
0.48% 
878,638 
0.22% 
711,677 
0.17% 
970,753 
0.24% 
02.2009 
396,369,571 
10,217,003 
2.58% 
6,838,118 
1.73% 
4,645,245 
1.17% 
4,484,689 
1.13% 
0.00 
1,777,573 
0.45% 
1,067,678 
0.27% 
529,703 
0.13% 
1,109,735 
0.28% 
03.2009 
384,419,884 
9,969,880 
2.59% 
5,406,532 
1.41% 
2,722,408 
0.71% 
4,832,617 
1.26% 
0.00 
2,118,558 
0.55% 
1,063,422 
0.28% 
645,183 
0.17% 
1,005,453 
0.26% 
04.2009 
372,295,626 
8,682,564 
2.33% 
5,782,107 
1.55% 
2,462,324 
0.66% 
4,799,541 
1.29% 
0.00 
1,217,876 
0.33% 
1,176,874 
0.32% 
1,125,674 
0.30% 
1,279,116 
0.34% 
05.2009 
361,733,044 
9,876,290 
2.73% 
4,388,579 
1.21% 
2,295,947 
0.63% 
5,200,516 
1.44% 
0.00 
1,697,518 
0.47% 
790,897 
0.22% 
834,988 
0.23% 
1,877,113 
0.52% 
06.2009 
352,004,689 
9,823,962 
2.79% 
4,426,253 
1.26% 
2,089,184 
0.59% 
4,426,214 
1.26% 
0.00 
1,163,155 
0.33% 
1,003,060 
0.28% 
667,200 
0.19% 
1,592,799 
0.45% 
07.2009 
342,914,272 
9,279,023 
2.71% 
4,589,669 
1.34% 
2,131,380 
0.62% 
4,587,424 
1.34% 
0.00 
1,297,779 
0.38% 
846,085 
0.25% 
821,104 
0.24% 
1,622,457 
0.47% 
08.2009 
333,010,743 
7,808,584 
2.34% 
5,220,823 
1.57% 
1,816,435 
0.55% 
4,369,921 
1.31% 
0.00 
1,414,105 
0.42% 
724,255 
0.22% 
538,671 
0.16% 
1,692,890 
0.51% 
09.2009 
323,843,289 
8,076,071 
2.49% 
4,672,069 
1.44% 
2,229,647 
0.69% 
3,775,779 
1.17% 
0.00 
1,015,800 
0.31% 
806,851 
0.25% 
446,333 
0.14% 
1,506,796 
0.47% 
10.2009 
314,381,297 
10,376,671 
3.30% 
3,390,018 
1.08% 
2,054,974 
0.65% 
3,599,196 
1.14% 
0.00 
1,138,005 
0.36% 
598,909 
0.19% 
546,824 
0.17% 
1,315,458 
0.42% 
11.2009 
305,959,001 
7,696,648 
2.52% 
4,971,556 
1.62% 
1,769,963 
0.58% 
3,559,168 
1.16% 
0.00 
1,123,817 
0.37% 
698,271 
0.23% 
394,360 
0.13% 
1,342,719 
0.44% 
12.2009 
298,370,497 
8,310,063 
2.79% 
4,547,764 
1.52% 
2,351,886 
0.79% 
3,326,362 
1.11% 
0.00 
966,732 
0.32% 
576,951 
0.19% 
418,603 
0.14% 
1,364,076 
0.46% 
01.2010 
291,265,675 
8,240,155 
2.83% 
4,307,901 
1.48% 
2,187,568 
0.75% 
3,350,137 
1.15% 
0.00 
1,324,429 
0.45% 
462,726 
0.16% 
401,540 
0.14% 
1,161,442 
0.40% 
02.2010 
283,114,871 
7,256,149 
2.56% 
4,813,134 
1.70% 
1,629,753 
0.58% 
2,764,769 
0.98% 
0.00 
781,654 
0.28% 
612,902 
0.22% 
209,224 
0.07% 
1,160,988 
0.41% 
03.2010 
272,202,273 
7,497,764 
2.75% 
4,971,727 
1.83% 
1,242,766 
0.46% 
2,713,934 
1.00% 
0.00 
680,724 
0.25% 
431,662 
0.16% 
509,455 
0.19% 
1,092,094 
0.40% 
04.2010 
262,912,234 
7,220,800 
2.75% 
3,651,630 
1.39% 
2,109,342 
0.80% 
2,612,175 
0.99% 
0.00 
676,502 
0.26% 
419,734 
0.16% 
302,271 
0.11% 
1,213,669 
0.46% 
05.2010 
254,641,915 
6,995,469 
2.75% 
2,848,858 
1.12% 
1,647,646 
0.65% 
3,171,344 
1.25% 
0.00 
1,189,956 
0.47% 
480,465 
0.19% 
397,692 
0.16% 
1,103,230 
0.43% 
06.2010 
247,765,287 
6,470,267 
2.61% 
3,439,708 
1.39% 
1,352,853 
0.55% 
3,015,861 
1.22% 
0.00 
967,190 
0.39% 
727,902 
0.29% 
358,097 
0.14% 
962,671 
0.39% 
07.2010 
248,010,722 
6,316,424 
2.55% 
2,428,084 
0.98% 
1,426,977 
0.58% 
2,949,256 
1.19% 
0.00 
752,247 
0.30% 
566,113 
0.23% 
505,541 
0.20% 
1,125,356 
0.45% 
08.2010 
248,747,543 
4,886,606 
1.96% 
3,092,659 
1.24% 
1,518,276 
0.61% 
2,563,254 
1.03% 
0.00 
485,839 
0.20% 
410,502 
0.17% 
419,368 
0.17% 
1,247,545 
0.50% 
09.2010 
249,048,106 
4,929,945 
1.98% 
2,683,327 
1.08% 
1,194,721 
0.48% 
2,608,817 
1.05% 
0.00 
825,230 
0.33% 
310,236 
0.12% 
329,928 
0.13% 
1,143,423 
0.46% 
10.2010 
247,362,863 
5,651,959 
2.28% 
2,222,418 
0.90% 
910,219 
0.37% 
2,754,384 
1.11% 
0.00 
947,139 
0.38% 
385,158 
0.16% 
265,681 
0.11% 
1,156,406 
0.47% 
11.2010 
247,377,639 
5,489,118 
2.22% 
2,404,561 
0.97% 
1,174,961 
0.47% 
2,137,588 
0.86% 
0.00 
329,089 
0.13% 
503,575 
0.20% 
283,976 
0.11% 
1,020,949 
0.41% 
12.2010 
248,405,549 
5,411,845 
2.18% 
2,616,844 
1.05% 
1,406,889 
0.57% 
2,288,062 
0.92% 
0.00 
578,351 
0.23% 
316,884 
0.13% 
359,694 
0.14% 
1,033,133 
0.42% 
01.2011 
246,861,339 
4,666,981 
1.89% 
2,754,383 
1.12% 
1,533,861 
0.62% 
2,355,654 
0.95% 
0.00 
664,460 
0.27% 
417,910 
0.17% 
226,533 
0.09% 
1,046,750 
0.42% 
02.2011 
244,918,295 
4,910,682 
2.01% 
2,350,777 
0.96% 
1,361,830 
0.56% 
2,148,094 
0.88% 
0.00 
500,429 
0.20% 
457,426 
0.19% 
298,393 
0.12% 
891,846 
0.36% 
03.2011 
248,257,784 
5,806,225 
2.34% 
2,487,149 
1.00% 
865,214 
0.35% 
1,953,654 
0.79% 
0.00 
483,826 
0.19% 
289,843 
0.12% 
364,520 
0.15% 
815,466 
0.33% 
04.2011 
248,192,480 
4,529,674 
1.83% 
2,269,936 
0.91% 
1,182,608 
0.48% 
1,872,722 
0.75% 
0.00 
536,079 
0.22% 
325,022 
0.13% 
183,116 
0.07% 
828,505 
0.33% 
05.2011 
251,868,944 
5,144,986 
2.04% 
1,566,971 
0.62% 
892,467 
0.35% 
2,058,255 
0.82% 
0.00 
687,488 
0.27% 
368,406 
0.15% 
245,456 
0.10% 
756,906 
0.30% 
06.2011 
251,055,016 
4,362,021 
1.74% 
1,509,365 
0.60% 
922,686 
0.37% 
1,832,145 
0.73% 
0.00 
383,430 
0.15% 
469,880 
0.19% 
257,894 
0.10% 
720,942 
0.29% 
07.2011 
252,588,642 
4,254,311 
1.68% 
1,383,547 
0.55% 
748,012 
0.30% 
1,987,183 
0.79% 
0.00 
540,367 
0.21% 
281,335 
0.11% 
366,035 
0.14% 
799,446 
0.32% 
08.2011 
251,857,858 
4,064,386 
1.61% 
1,073,540 
0.43% 
718,282 
0.29% 
1,765,853 
0.70% 
0.00 
512,048 
0.20% 
280,489 
0.11% 
289,907 
0.12% 
683,409 
0.27% 
09.2011 
253,937,103 
3,740,403 
1.47% 
1,591,905 
0.63% 
636,377 
0.25% 
1,546,597 
0.61% 
0.00 
384,667 
0.15% 
258,044 
0.10% 
135,729 
0.05% 
768,157 
0.30% 
10.2011 
251,956,520 
4,249,277 
1.69% 
1,462,667 
0.58% 
743,083 
0.29% 
1,485,377 
0.59% 
0.00 
438,910 
0.17% 
205,232 
0.08% 
187,867 
0.07% 
653,369 
0.26% 
11.2011 
252,999,095 
3,324,424 
1.31% 
1,388,882 
0.55% 
726,619 
0.29% 
1,517,125 
0.60% 
0.00 
439,171 
0.17% 
329,623 
0.13% 
136,946 
0.05% 
611,384 
0.24% 
12.2011 
252,504,498 
4,315,604 
1.71% 
1,314,021 
0.52% 
513,679 
0.20% 
1,666,820 
0.66% 
0.00 
547,912 
0.22% 
429,738 
0.17% 
155,465 
0.06% 
533,705 
0.21% 
01.2012 
253,414,106 
3,486,505 
1.38% 
1,921,688 
0.76% 
684,281 
0.27% 
1,494,307 
0.59% 
0.00 
393,475 
0.16% 
498,372 
0.20% 
175,053 
0.07% 
427,408 
0.17% 
02.2012 
254,178,190 
3,688,795 
1.45% 
1,238,471 
0.49% 
1,073,375 
0.42% 
1,390,580 
0.55% 
0.00 
430,672 
0.17% 
219,908 
0.09% 
278,507 
0.11% 
461,493 
0.18% 
03.2012 
256,565,286 
4,019,027 
1.57% 
1,503,512 
0.59% 
510,019 
0.20% 
1,389,011 
0.54% 
0.00 
488,644 
0.19% 
236,328 
0.09% 
185,083 
0.07% 
478,956 
0.19% 
04.2012 
256,184,727 
3,735,767 
1.46% 
1,630,276 
0.64% 
732,299 
0.29% 
1,363,310 
0.53% 
0.00 
303,725 
0.12% 
346,282 
0.14% 
229,775 
0.09% 
483,527 
0.19% 
05.2012 
255,488,794 
5,112,512 
2.00% 
1,343,353 
0.53% 
521,303 
0.20% 
1,248,549 
0.49% 
0.00 
409,792 
0.16% 
176,745 
0.07% 
212,944 
0.08% 
449,068 
0.18% 
06.2012 
256,070,803 
4,382,819 
1.71% 
1,704,535 
0.67% 
727,571 
0.28% 
1,126,367 
0.44% 
0.00 
240,290 
0.09% 
217,948 
0.09% 
96,462 
0.04% 
571,667 
0.22% 
07.2012 
256,492,459 
3,934,023 
1.53% 
1,697,153 
0.66% 
492,225 
0.19% 
1,173,200 
0.46% 
0.00 
359,869 
0.14% 
152,602 
0.06% 
138,649 
0.05% 
522,079 
0.20% 
08.2012 
257,325,601 
3,925,687 
1.53% 
1,198,156 
0.47% 
753,239 
0.29% 
1,125,359 
0.44% 
0.00 
207,953 
0.08% 
280,243 
0.11% 
107,268 
0.04% 
529,895 
0.21% 
09.2012 
261,996,144 
3,899,230 
1.49% 
1,609,010 
0.61% 
539,146 
0.21% 
1,332,455 
0.51% 
0.00 
502,028 
0.19% 
96,448 
0.04% 
194,401 
0.07% 
539,579 
0.21% 
10.2012 
262,892,368 
4,458,811 
1.70% 
1,298,275 
0.49% 
317,163 
0.12% 
1,250,025 
0.48% 
0.00 
432,992 
0.16% 
167,025 
0.06% 
54,886 
0.02% 
595,123 
0.23% 
11.2012 
264,723,407 
3,702,860 
1.40% 
1,105,477 
0.42% 
668,930 
0.25% 
1,074,164 
0.41% 
0.00 
285,741 
0.11% 
193,405 
0.07% 
71,912 
0.03% 
523,106 
0.20% 
12.2012 
269,818,550 
3,635,550 
1.35% 
1,446,991 
0.54% 
432,204 
0.16% 
1,023,150 
0.38% 
0.00 
419,012 
0.16% 
61,434 
0.02% 
134,567 
0.05% 
408,137 
0.15% 
01.2013 
269,850,201 
3,751,755 
1.39% 
1,041,837 
0.39% 
874,062 
0.32% 
997,616 
0.37% 
0.00 
285,126 
0.11% 
272,121 
0.10% 
10,893 
0.00% 
429,476 
0.16% 
02.2013 
270,442,133 
2,933,428 
1.08% 
1,432,820 
0.53% 
683,400 
0.25% 
852,882 
0.32% 
0.00 
220,531 
0.08% 
114,026 
0.04% 
156,921 
0.06% 
361,404 
0.13% 
03.2013 
275,683,835 
14,852,870 
5.39% 
1,537,604 
0.56% 
735,043 
0.27% 
998,298 
0.36% 
0.00 
384,538 
0.14% 
82,249 
0.03% 
62,172 
0.02% 
469,339 
0.17%

--- Page 141 ---
- 130 - 
 
 
 
Calendar Year/Month 
Principal 
Outstanding 
Delinquent 
balance 1-30  
dpd (£) 
1-30 
dpd (%) 
Delinquent 
balance 31-60  
dpd (£) 
31-60 
dpd (%) 
Delinquent 
balance 61-90  
dpd (£) 
61-90 
dpd (%) 
Delinquent 
balance 91+  
dpd (£) 
91+ 
dpd (%) 
Delinquent 
balance 91-120  
dpd (£) 
91-120 
dpd (%) 
Delinquent 
balance 121-
150 
dpd (£) 
121-
150 
dpd (%) 
Delinquent 
balance 151-
180  
dpd (£) 
151-
180 
dpd (%) 
Delinquent 
balance 180+  
dpd (£) 
180+ 
dpd (%) 
04.2013 
278,989,507 
3,584,354 
1.28% 
1,239,296 
0.44% 
609,833 
0.22% 
950,994 
0.34% 
0.00 
230,181 
0.08% 
276,158 
0.10% 
42,437 
0.02% 
402,219 
0.14% 
05.2013 
279,831,418 
3,799,785 
1.36% 
1,264,251 
0.45% 
860,632 
0.31% 
985,885 
0.35% 
0.00 
368,805 
0.13% 
130,831 
0.05% 
117,692 
0.04% 
368,557 
0.13% 
06.2013 
282,568,480 
3,549,791 
1.26% 
1,277,075 
0.45% 
1,002,306 
0.35% 
1,120,886 
0.40% 
0.00 
431,911 
0.15% 
170,540 
0.06% 
75,134 
0.03% 
443,300 
0.16% 
07.2013 
283,666,545 
4,989,508 
1.76% 
1,837,067 
0.65% 
471,191 
0.17% 
1,288,379 
0.45% 
0.00 
670,588 
0.24% 
222,549 
0.08% 
60,393 
0.02% 
334,850 
0.12% 
08.2013 
282,319,224 
3,541,693 
1.25% 
1,578,897 
0.56% 
1,039,183 
0.37% 
857,465 
0.30% 
0.00 
324,953 
0.12% 
93,412 
0.03% 
141,041 
0.05% 
298,059 
0.11% 
09.2013 
284,198,637 
3,356,166 
1.18% 
1,939,475 
0.68% 
756,000 
0.27% 
1,211,591 
0.43% 
0.00 
652,006 
0.23% 
145,810 
0.05% 
73,808 
0.03% 
339,967 
0.12% 
10.2013 
281,164,775 
3,513,850 
1.25% 
1,286,821 
0.46% 
774,696 
0.28% 
1,268,314 
0.45% 
0.00 
310,808 
0.11% 
536,369 
0.19% 
65,557 
0.02% 
355,580 
0.13% 
11.2013 
279,220,039 
2,520,123 
0.90% 
1,113,471 
0.40% 
656,285 
0.24% 
1,707,228 
0.61% 
0.00 
682,875 
0.24% 
208,463 
0.07% 
477,094 
0.17% 
338,796 
0.12% 
12.2013 
281,168,933 
3,560,881 
1.27% 
1,205,930 
0.43% 
415,300 
0.15% 
1,352,904 
0.48% 
0.00 
364,253 
0.13% 
468,254 
0.17% 
135,801 
0.05% 
384,596 
0.14% 
01.2014 
277,357,321 
3,257,044 
1.17% 
1,239,658 
0.45% 
639,631 
0.23% 
1,177,938 
0.42% 
0.00 
221,930 
0.08% 
254,645 
0.09% 
272,057 
0.10% 
429,306 
0.15% 
02.2014 
272,814,141 
2,723,302 
1.00% 
1,103,114 
0.40% 
681,133 
0.25% 
1,144,781 
0.42% 
0.00 
225,219 
0.08% 
135,314 
0.05% 
237,432 
0.09% 
546,815 
0.20% 
03.2014 
272,462,651 
2,996,879 
1.10% 
1,376,670 
0.51% 
397,565 
0.15% 
1,206,934 
0.44% 
0.00 
426,200 
0.16% 
189,561 
0.07% 
122,235 
0.04% 
468,939 
0.17% 
04.2014 
270,194,940 
3,351,838 
1.24% 
1,047,520 
0.39% 
733,538 
0.27% 
1,372,072 
0.51% 
0.00 
329,258 
0.12% 
273,660 
0.10% 
177,241 
0.07% 
591,913 
0.22% 
05.2014 
269,739,219 
3,383,371 
1.25% 
853,898 
0.32% 
454,078 
0.17% 
1,560,739 
0.58% 
0.00 
651,240 
0.24% 
168,328 
0.06% 
181,145 
0.07% 
560,026 
0.21% 
06.2014 
268,493,666 
2,361,538 
0.88% 
974,158 
0.36% 
562,689 
0.21% 
1,395,729 
0.52% 
0.00 
238,017 
0.09% 
382,094 
0.14% 
186,877 
0.07% 
588,741 
0.22% 
07.2014 
267,243,666 
2,727,716 
1.02% 
925,179 
0.35% 
442,275 
0.17% 
1,215,569 
0.45% 
0.00 
319,480 
0.12% 
81,406 
0.03% 
208,514 
0.08% 
606,169 
0.23% 
08.2014 
265,047,563 
2,314,400 
0.87% 
1,134,631 
0.43% 
464,017 
0.18% 
1,389,310 
0.52% 
0.00 
314,323 
0.12% 
365,580 
0.14% 
71,085 
0.03% 
638,322 
0.24% 
09.2014 
265,429,608 
2,783,232 
1.05% 
1,150,470 
0.43% 
450,294 
0.17% 
1,304,908 
0.49% 
0.00 
392,087 
0.15% 
228,303 
0.09% 
113,063 
0.04% 
571,456 
0.22% 
10.2014 
266,442,905 
2,818,099 
1.06% 
917,226 
0.34% 
534,975 
0.20% 
1,272,187 
0.48% 
0.00 
284,241 
0.11% 
233,952 
0.09% 
201,444 
0.08% 
552,549 
0.21% 
11.2014 
267,829,426 
2,646,844 
0.99% 
1,031,280 
0.39% 
374,671 
0.14% 
1,222,864 
0.46% 
0.00 
276,111 
0.10% 
188,700 
0.07% 
169,079 
0.06% 
588,974 
0.22% 
12.2014 
273,352,181 
2,986,277 
1.09% 
995,903 
0.36% 
690,264 
0.25% 
1,138,760 
0.42% 
0.00 
344,552 
0.13% 
167,078 
0.06% 
40,518 
0.01% 
586,611 
0.21% 
01.2015 
273,270,554 
2,396,522 
0.88% 
1,265,668 
0.46% 
699,224 
0.26% 
1,317,747 
0.48% 
0.00 
572,598 
0.21% 
138,078 
0.05% 
88,315 
0.03% 
518,757 
0.19% 
02.2015 
274,474,400 
1,458,209 
0.53% 
1,405,910 
0.51% 
640,180 
0.23% 
1,334,204 
0.49% 
0.00 
305,396 
0.11% 
427,153 
0.16% 
118,540 
0.04% 
483,114 
0.18% 
03.2015 
282,544,341 
2,870,440 
1.02% 
1,008,998 
0.36% 
719,106 
0.25% 
1,460,772 
0.52% 
0.00 
588,972 
0.21% 
108,991 
0.04% 
377,623 
0.13% 
385,185 
0.14% 
04.2015 
285,162,826 
486,994 
0.17% 
651,437 
0.23% 
406,083 
0.14% 
1,518,642 
0.53% 
0.00 
500,163 
0.18% 
357,775 
0.13% 
119,399 
0.04% 
541,305 
0.19% 
05.2015 
287,090,521 
2,674,913 
0.93% 
797,481 
0.28% 
442,344 
0.15% 
1,526,452 
0.53% 
0.00 
373,872 
0.13% 
499,504 
0.17% 
294,148 
0.10% 
358,928 
0.13% 
06.2015 
288,372,664 
3,363,203 
1.17% 
819,379 
0.28% 
341,917 
0.12% 
1,284,561 
0.45% 
0.00 
251,019 
0.09% 
193,964 
0.07% 
395,296 
0.14% 
444,282 
0.15% 
07.2015 
282,924,512 
3,194,327 
1.13% 
629,165 
0.22% 
489,644 
0.17% 
963,346 
0.34% 
0.00 
230,183 
0.08% 
140,768 
0.05% 
116,075 
0.04% 
476,321 
0.17% 
08.2015 
275,601,550 
1,977,614 
0.72% 
1,048,559 
0.38% 
428,220 
0.16% 
1,052,781 
0.38% 
0.00 
317,660 
0.12% 
164,421 
0.06% 
88,966 
0.03% 
481,735 
0.17% 
09.2015 
267,411,442 
2,581,039 
0.97% 
809,417 
0.30% 
412,606 
0.15% 
951,144 
0.36% 
0.00 
268,496 
0.10% 
121,929 
0.05% 
124,191 
0.05% 
436,527 
0.16% 
10.2015 
259,704,836 
2,121,360 
0.82% 
875,888 
0.34% 
260,736 
0.10% 
1,137,712 
0.44% 
0.00 
360,401 
0.14% 
104,999 
0.04% 
118,197 
0.05% 
554,115 
0.21% 
11.2015 
251,099,234 
1,965,775 
0.78% 
623,618 
0.25% 
400,402 
0.16% 
969,477 
0.39% 
0.00 
151,037 
0.06% 
269,360 
0.11% 
81,766 
0.03% 
467,314 
0.19% 
12.2015 
243,229,543 
2,504,368 
1.03% 
666,961 
0.27% 
398,731 
0.16% 
922,933 
0.38% 
0.00 
289,833 
0.12% 
85,418 
0.04% 
113,979 
0.05% 
433,703 
0.18% 
01.2016 
235,234,955 
1,623,703 
0.69% 
775,082 
0.33% 
665,011 
0.28% 
887,597 
0.38% 
0.00 
328,085 
0.14% 
153,667 
0.07% 
98,715 
0.04% 
307,129 
0.13% 
02.2016 
225,537,192 
1,765,277 
0.78% 
637,552 
0.28% 
571,890 
0.25% 
752,040 
0.33% 
0.00 
320,476 
0.14% 
125,980 
0.06% 
63,452 
0.03% 
242,131 
0.11% 
03.2016 
217,742,981 
2,303,616 
1.06% 
636,299 
0.29% 
312,395 
0.14% 
749,785 
0.34% 
0.00 
234,555 
0.11% 
201,533 
0.09% 
86,900 
0.04% 
226,797 
0.10% 
04.2016 
210,757,343 
1,402,114 
0.67% 
880,887 
0.42% 
260,168 
0.12% 
496,893 
0.24% 
0.00 
198,737 
0.09% 
91,038 
0.04% 
25,738 
0.01% 
181,380 
0.09% 
05.2016 
204,609,265 
1,981,251 
0.97% 
589,882 
0.29% 
487,562 
0.24% 
625,288 
0.31% 
0.00 
306,941 
0.15% 
98,623 
0.05% 
102,394 
0.05% 
117,330 
0.06% 
06.2016 
197,762,842 
1,629,295 
0.82% 
881,749 
0.45% 
308,942 
0.16% 
454,551 
0.23% 
0.00 
212,252 
0.11% 
38,891 
0.02% 
55,409 
0.03% 
147,999 
0.07% 
07.2016 
192,099,999 
1,914,683 
1.00% 
789,027 
0.41% 
553,989 
0.29% 
415,145 
0.22% 
0.00 
59,541 
0.03% 
186,507 
0.10% 
52,251 
0.03% 
116,847 
0.06% 
08.2016 
186,069,073 
1,740,898 
0.94% 
804,852 
0.43% 
276,896 
0.15% 
377,418 
0.20% 
0.00 
244,790 
0.13% 
15,976 
0.01% 
41,476 
0.02% 
75,176 
0.04% 
09.2016 
178,835,013 
1,763,090 
0.99% 
879,524 
0.49% 
192,570 
0.11% 
236,212 
0.13% 
0.00 
48,612 
0.03% 
98,933 
0.06% 
3,201 
0.00% 
85,467 
0.05% 
10.2016 
171,111,964 
1,414,038 
0.83% 
771,942 
0.45% 
392,169 
0.23% 
201,294 
0.12% 
0.00 
44,304 
0.03% 
14,617 
0.01% 
74,296 
0.04% 
68,077 
0.04% 
11.2016 
163,736,489 
1,806,386 
1.10% 
1,008,974 
0.62% 
256,000 
0.16% 
346,369 
0.21% 
0.00 
209,093 
0.13% 
16,703 
0.01% 
14,444 
0.01% 
106,128 
0.06% 
12.2016 
156,854,113 
1,544,433 
0.98% 
663,238 
0.42% 
481,786 
0.31% 
317,586 
0.20% 
0.00 
141,194 
0.09% 
97,952 
0.06% 
6,755 
0.00% 
71,686 
0.05% 
01.2017 
151,525,844 
1,725,876 
1.14% 
764,335 
0.50% 
319,503 
0.21% 
448,662 
0.30% 
0.00 
294,861 
0.19% 
43,409 
0.03% 
36,400 
0.02% 
73,993 
0.05% 
02.2017 
146,386,317 
1,315,992 
0.90% 
684,573 
0.47% 
326,408 
0.22% 
389,174 
0.27% 
0.00 
8,291 
0.01% 
282,359 
0.19% 
33,641 
0.02% 
64,883 
0.04% 
03.2017 
142,353,413 
1,476,546 
1.04% 
644,500 
0.45% 
161,743 
0.11% 
398,150 
0.28% 
0.00 
94,957 
0.07% 
87,971 
0.06% 
130,096 
0.09% 
85,126 
0.06% 
04.2017 
138,783,659 
1,954,475 
1.41% 
723,549 
0.52% 
345,421 
0.25% 
452,153 
0.33% 
0.00 
63,973 
0.05% 
94,111 
0.07% 
100,604 
0.07% 
193,464 
0.14% 
05.2017 
134,581,974 
2,502,001 
1.86% 
713,955 
0.53% 
192,410 
0.14% 
588,208 
0.44% 
0.00 
246,256 
0.18% 
52,716 
0.04% 
49,867 
0.04% 
239,369 
0.18% 
06.2017 
132,030,365 
1,610,224 
1.22% 
712,076 
0.54% 
124,762 
0.09% 
533,521 
0.40% 
0.00 
176,752 
0.13% 
76,854 
0.06% 
63,801 
0.05% 
216,114 
0.16% 
07.2017 
130,196,407 
1,488,187 
1.14% 
802,280 
0.62% 
283,591 
0.22% 
411,868 
0.32% 
0.00 
78,475 
0.06% 
37,005 
0.03% 
64,506 
0.05% 
231,882 
0.18% 
08.2017 
128,679,705 
1,448,647 
1.13% 
945,731 
0.73% 
136,664 
0.11% 
418,943 
0.33% 
0.00 
89,808 
0.07% 
63,285 
0.05% 
26,153 
0.02% 
239,697 
0.19% 
09.2017 
128,722,179 
973,896 
0.76% 
1,214,694 
0.94% 
186,096 
0.14% 
361,792 
0.28% 
0.00 
76,007 
0.06% 
1,281 
0.00% 
34,282 
0.03% 
250,222 
0.19% 
10.2017 
126,423,678 
2,088,999 
1.65% 
414,865 
0.33% 
416,749 
0.33% 
471,899 
0.37% 
0.00 
124,687 
0.10% 
57,865 
0.05% 
1,281 
0.00% 
288,066 
0.23% 
11.2017 
125,346,975 
1,756,515 
1.40% 
703,861 
0.56% 
296,163 
0.24% 
644,645 
0.51% 
0.00 
222,689 
0.18% 
124,687 
0.10% 
13,731 
0.01% 
283,539 
0.23% 
12.2017 
124,152,206 
2,216,125 
1.79% 
562,283 
0.45% 
284,098 
0.23% 
719,366 
0.58% 
0.00 
275,777 
0.22% 
74,553 
0.06% 
126,077 
0.10% 
242,960 
0.20% 
01.2018 
123,036,416 
1,591,737 
1.29% 
961,361 
0.78% 
228,151 
0.19% 
572,291 
0.47% 
0.00 
110,235 
0.09% 
126,350 
0.10% 
14,156 
0.01% 
321,550 
0.26% 
02.2018 
121,038,872 
1,392,656 
1.15% 
938,994 
0.78% 
481,316 
0.40% 
546,535 
0.45% 
0.00 
76,569 
0.06% 
75,045 
0.06% 
89,682 
0.07% 
305,239 
0.25% 
03.2018 
123,931,547 
1,300,956 
1.05% 
810,405 
0.65% 
228,710 
0.18% 
773,496 
0.62% 
0.00 
329,974 
0.27% 
20,581 
0.02% 
38,252 
0.03% 
384,689 
0.31% 
04.2018 
125,359,739 
1,535,246 
1.22% 
798,075 
0.64% 
387,991 
0.31% 
635,036 
0.51% 
0.00 
103,763 
0.08% 
123,603 
0.10% 
34,797 
0.03% 
372,874 
0.30% 
05.2018 
125,022,325 
2,275,744 
1.82% 
916,020 
0.73% 
219,470 
0.18% 
745,842 
0.60% 
0.00 
156,312 
0.13% 
88,504 
0.07% 
118,017 
0.09% 
383,009 
0.31% 
06.2018 
126,056,871 
1,426,798 
1.13% 
1,189,644 
0.94% 
352,504 
0.28% 
773,681 
0.61% 
0.00 
139,029 
0.11% 
95,398 
0.08% 
88,504 
0.07% 
450,750 
0.36% 
07.2018 
125,766,653 
2,165,521 
1.72% 
978,708 
0.78% 
489,906 
0.39% 
781,540 
0.62% 
0.00 
154,829 
0.12% 
91,523 
0.07% 
55,661 
0.04% 
479,527 
0.38% 
08.2018 
125,694,089 
1,653,078 
1.32% 
1,434,446 
1.14% 
231,544 
0.18% 
842,819 
0.67% 
0.00 
207,397 
0.17% 
88,399 
0.07% 
90,551 
0.07% 
456,472 
0.36% 
09.2018 
128,299,182 
1,101,271 
0.86% 
1,675,398 
1.31% 
354,584 
0.28% 
755,564 
0.59% 
0.00 
125,305 
0.10% 
74,190 
0.06% 
75,075 
0.06% 
480,993 
0.37% 
10.2018 
128,897,647 
1,723,647 
1.34% 
1,001,321 
0.78% 
546,206 
0.42% 
715,669 
0.56% 
0.00 
217,377 
0.17% 
38,537 
0.03% 
22,993 
0.02% 
436,763 
0.34% 
11.2018 
130,146,228 
1,595,101 
1.23% 
1,354,732 
1.04% 
383,447 
0.29% 
1,023,237 
0.79% 
0.00 
389,024 
0.30% 
128,396 
0.10% 
54,369 
0.04% 
451,448 
0.35% 
12.2018 
129,675,565 
1,905,970 
1.47% 
1,114,189 
0.86% 
402,718 
0.31% 
849,168 
0.65% 
0.00 
190,264 
0.15% 
82,442 
0.06% 
135,018 
0.10% 
441,444 
0.34% 
01.2019 
131,863,525 
1,881,904 
1.43% 
1,563,501 
1.19% 
572,887 
0.43% 
851,675 
0.65% 
0.00 
184,271 
0.14% 
29,050 
0.02% 
85,061 
0.06% 
553,293 
0.42% 
02.2019 
133,560,636 
1,063,143 
0.80% 
1,705,415 
1.28% 
538,761 
0.40% 
903,700 
0.68% 
0.00 
256,472 
0.19% 
86,457 
0.06% 
14,615 
0.01% 
546,157 
0.41% 
03.2019 
138,820,131 
1,118,608 
0.81% 
1,107,175 
0.80% 
444,777 
0.32% 
800,343 
0.58% 
0.00 
119,344 
0.09% 
97,402 
0.07% 
54,895 
0.04% 
528,703 
0.38% 
04.2019 
141,577,710 
1,790,865 
1.26% 
1,085,925 
0.77% 
577,204 
0.41% 
970,727 
0.69% 
0.00 
248,263 
0.18% 
54,580 
0.04% 
97,402 
0.07% 
570,481 
0.40% 
05.2019 
143,913,941 
2,055,562 
1.43% 
1,367,707 
0.95% 
362,516 
0.25% 
564,161 
0.39% 
0.00 
91,572 
0.06% 
44,532 
0.03% 
41,771 
0.03% 
386,286 
0.27%

--- Page 142 ---
- 131 - 
 
 
 
Calendar Year/Month 
Principal 
Outstanding 
Delinquent 
balance 1-30  
dpd (£) 
1-30 
dpd (%) 
Delinquent 
balance 31-60  
dpd (£) 
31-60 
dpd (%) 
Delinquent 
balance 61-90  
dpd (£) 
61-90 
dpd (%) 
Delinquent 
balance 91+  
dpd (£) 
91+ 
dpd (%) 
Delinquent 
balance 91-120  
dpd (£) 
91-120 
dpd (%) 
Delinquent 
balance 121-
150 
dpd (£) 
121-
150 
dpd (%) 
Delinquent 
balance 151-
180  
dpd (£) 
151-
180 
dpd (%) 
Delinquent 
balance 180+  
dpd (£) 
180+ 
dpd (%) 
06.2019 
146,795,383 
1,424,592 
0.97% 
1,387,800 
0.95% 
404,561 
0.28% 
478,331 
0.33% 
0.00 
73,854 
0.05% 
9,366 
0.01% 
41,595 
0.03% 
353,515 
0.24% 
07.2019 
147,434,004 
2,004,691 
1.36% 
987,415 
0.67% 
344,648 
0.23% 
552,495 
0.37% 
0.00 
131,786 
0.09% 
58,563 
0.04% 
8,736 
0.01% 
353,411 
0.24% 
08.2019 
147,825,422 
2,192,521 
1.48% 
1,026,145 
0.69% 
432,412 
0.29% 
556,636 
0.38% 
0.00 
123,512 
0.08% 
36,548 
0.02% 
43,990 
0.03% 
352,586 
0.24% 
09.2019 
150,602,230 
1,729,822 
1.15% 
1,513,336 
1.00% 
376,511 
0.25% 
374,168 
0.25% 
0.00 
104,944 
0.07% 
55,336 
0.04% 
6,941 
0.00% 
206,947 
0.14% 
10.2019 
151,157,793 
1,861,616 
1.23% 
1,243,511 
0.82% 
385,630 
0.26% 
284,771 
0.19% 
0.00 
65,068 
0.04% 
48,239 
0.03% 
13,900 
0.01% 
157,564 
0.10% 
11.2019 
152,824,119 
1,642,028 
1.07% 
1,041,761 
0.68% 
364,974 
0.24% 
240,118 
0.16% 
0.00 
80,332 
0.05% 
7,355 
0.00% 
27,738 
0.02% 
124,693 
0.08% 
12.2019 
153,381,629 
2,283,057 
1.49% 
933,864 
0.61% 
376,793 
0.25% 
219,016 
0.14% 
0.00 
82,508 
0.05% 
43,454 
0.03% 
7,165 
0.00% 
85,888 
0.06% 
01.2020 
154,795,956 
2,223,080 
1.44% 
1,444,510 
0.93% 
395,436 
0.26% 
339,218 
0.22% 
0.00 
168,720 
0.11% 
45,126 
0.03% 
43,454 
0.03% 
81,918 
0.05% 
02.2020 
155,448,776 
1,967,425 
1.27% 
992,540 
0.64% 
451,297 
0.29% 
343,043 
0.22% 
0.00 
130,564 
0.08% 
62,723 
0.04% 
43,815 
0.03% 
105,941 
0.07% 
03.2020 
158,801,770 
4,591,968 
2.89% 
1,362,707 
0.86% 
334,400 
0.21% 
356,441 
0.22% 
0.00 
165,968 
0.10% 
50,264 
0.03% 
21,842 
0.01% 
118,367 
0.07% 
04.2020 
155,159,759 
7,826,551 
5.04% 
3,759,876 
2.42% 
730,130 
0.47% 
436,487 
0.28% 
0.00 
156,230 
0.10% 
114,417 
0.07% 
57,965 
0.04% 
107,876 
0.07% 
05.2020 
152,646,989 
5,328,934 
3.49% 
5,103,759 
3.34% 
2,747,278 
1.80% 
887,297 
0.58% 
0.00 
471,593 
0.31% 
122,412 
0.08% 
148,448 
0.10% 
144,844 
0.09% 
06.2020 
155,412,375 
3,442,165 
2.21% 
2,303,400 
1.48% 
4,059,211 
2.61% 
2,379,686 
1.53% 
0.00 
1,675,658 
1.08% 
377,138 
0.24% 
123,931 
0.08% 
202,959 
0.13% 
07.2020 
159,660,359 
2,691,126 
1.69% 
1,771,550 
1.11% 
1,418,115 
0.89% 
4,905,382 
3.07% 
0.00 
3,110,590 
1.95% 
1,255,550 
0.79% 
285,251 
0.18% 
253,991 
0.16% 
08.2020 
162,702,131 
2,407,530 
1.48% 
1,360,509 
0.84% 
1,178,525 
0.72% 
4,979,499 
3.06% 
0.00 
1,586,632 
0.98% 
2,168,613 
1.33% 
906,595 
0.56% 
317,660 
0.20% 
09.2020 
167,416,639 
2,272,712 
1.36% 
1,627,454 
0.97% 
1,186,980 
0.71% 
4,173,439 
2.49% 
0.00 
1,224,030 
0.73% 
561,920 
0.34% 
1,368,915 
0.82% 
1,018,574 
0.61% 
10.2020 
167,952,064 
2,587,530 
1.54% 
1,393,561 
0.83% 
1,179,476 
0.70% 
3,821,027 
2.28% 
0.00 
975,110 
0.58% 
486,591 
0.29% 
430,204 
0.26% 
1,929,122 
1.15% 
11.2020 
168,058,760 
1,985,519 
1.18% 
2,065,239 
1.23% 
1,076,128 
0.64% 
3,393,415 
2.02% 
0.00 
807,271 
0.48% 
442,201 
0.26% 
301,249 
0.18% 
1,842,694 
1.10% 
12.2020 
168,659,912 
2,258,237 
1.34% 
1,850,415 
1.10% 
1,064,066 
0.63% 
2,881,395 
1.71% 
0.00 
582,465 
0.35% 
336,653 
0.20% 
218,308 
0.13% 
1,743,969 
1.03% 
01.2021 
169,307,214 
1,771,455 
1.05% 
1,459,804 
0.86% 
1,289,680 
0.76% 
2,864,641 
1.69% 
0.00 
713,546 
0.42% 
322,727 
0.19% 
115,913 
0.07% 
1,712,455 
1.01% 
02.2021 
168,345,863 
1,932,475 
1.15% 
1,208,162 
0.72% 
1,029,228 
0.61% 
2,701,460 
1.60% 
0.00 
849,539 
0.50% 
352,621 
0.21% 
123,709 
0.07% 
1,375,591 
0.82% 
03.2021 
173,796,256 
2,000,015 
1.15% 
1,846,024 
1.06% 
805,838 
0.46% 
2,177,365 
1.25% 
0.00 
628,699 
0.36% 
257,644 
0.15% 
133,993 
0.08% 
1,157,030 
0.67% 
04.2021 
178,376,280 
1,898,124 
1.06% 
1,629,587 
0.91% 
897,729 
0.50% 
1,967,873 
1.10% 
0.00 
376,211 
0.21% 
330,732 
0.19% 
168,030 
0.09% 
1,092,901 
0.61% 
05.2021 
185,198,917 
1,710,859 
0.92% 
1,642,309 
0.89% 
1,016,737 
0.55% 
1,681,400 
0.91% 
0.00 
287,105 
0.16% 
151,842 
0.08% 
215,850 
0.12% 
1,026,602 
0.55% 
06.2021 
190,500,823 
2,182,295 
1.15% 
1,611,223 
0.85% 
856,335 
0.45% 
1,690,100 
0.89% 
0.00 
373,447 
0.20% 
188,953 
0.10% 
167,309 
0.09% 
960,391 
0.50% 
07.2021 
195,807,624 
1,980,436 
1.01% 
1,667,277 
0.85% 
953,871 
0.49% 
1,488,157 
0.76% 
0.00 
255,333 
0.13% 
163,889 
0.08% 
157,233 
0.08% 
911,701 
0.47% 
08.2021 
198,101,902 
2,115,941 
1.07% 
1,404,756 
0.71% 
1,128,093 
0.57% 
1,323,361 
0.67% 
0.00 
378,878 
0.19% 
224,540 
0.11% 
78,712 
0.04% 
641,231 
0.32% 
09.2021 
199,563,193 
2,701,151 
1.35% 
1,401,679 
0.70% 
841,334 
0.42% 
1,161,601 
0.58% 
0.00 
328,656 
0.16% 
179,819 
0.09% 
167,577 
0.08% 
485,549 
0.24% 
10.2021 
201,046,935 
2,418,177 
1.20% 
1,059,794 
0.53% 
662,667 
0.33% 
1,277,325 
0.64% 
0.00 
683,059 
0.34% 
87,651 
0.04% 
171,431 
0.09% 
335,184 
0.17% 
11.2021 
204,365,606 
2,431,148 
1.19% 
1,327,266 
0.65% 
732,313 
0.36% 
1,244,674 
0.61% 
0.00 
378,134 
0.19% 
398,277 
0.19% 
120,402 
0.06% 
347,862 
0.17% 
12.2021 
206,428,395 
2,926,492 
1.42% 
1,320,549 
0.64% 
702,378 
0.34% 
1,169,221 
0.57% 
0.00 
388,513 
0.19% 
138,215 
0.07% 
267,079 
0.13% 
375,415 
0.18% 
01.2022 
209,166,825 
2,651,208 
1.27% 
1,592,959 
0.76% 
855,272 
0.41% 
1,182,169 
0.57% 
0.00 
322,304 
0.15% 
177,111 
0.08% 
95,498 
0.05% 
587,256 
0.28% 
02.2022 
209,452,597 
1,900,561 
0.91% 
1,674,839 
0.80% 
507,681 
0.24% 
917,308 
0.44% 
0.00 
207,978 
0.10% 
182,662 
0.09% 
9,910 
0.00% 
516,759 
0.25% 
03.2022 
212,131,664 
2,815,643 
1.33% 
1,321,498 
0.62% 
483,382 
0.23% 
873,772 
0.41% 
0.00 
108,187 
0.05% 
251,167 
0.12% 
78,981 
0.04% 
435,437 
0.21% 
04.2022 
210,356,181 
2,325,389 
1.11% 
1,368,964 
0.65% 
473,406 
0.23% 
948,108 
0.45% 
0.00 
222,165 
0.11% 
43,151 
0.02% 
123,038 
0.06% 
559,753 
0.27% 
05.2022 
210,905,620 
3,144,758 
1.49% 
1,312,462 
0.62% 
339,218 
0.16% 
826,064 
0.39% 
0.00 
212,592 
0.10% 
47,617 
0.02% 
42,005 
0.02% 
523,850 
0.25% 
06.2022 
211,471,999 
2,465,583 
1.17% 
1,830,345 
0.87% 
529,638 
0.25% 
677,454 
0.32% 
0.00 
300,584 
0.14% 
62,245 
0.03% 
57,283 
0.03% 
257,342 
0.12% 
07.2022 
213,893,669 
2,520,589 
1.18% 
1,346,923 
0.63% 
693,330 
0.32% 
784,818 
0.37% 
0.00 
436,758 
0.20% 
20,011 
0.01% 
43,949 
0.02% 
284,101 
0.13% 
08.2022 
213,264,099 
2,542,913 
1.19% 
1,315,942 
0.62% 
521,566 
0.24% 
986,223 
0.46% 
0.00 
399,916 
0.19% 
68,137 
0.03% 
226,839 
0.11% 
291,331 
0.14% 
09.2022 
215,188,563 
2,148,375 
1.00% 
1,512,920 
0.70% 
470,874 
0.22% 
820,278 
0.38% 
0.00 
205,844 
0.10% 
290,473 
0.13% 
67,481 
0.03% 
256,480 
0.12% 
10.2022 
214,102,025 
2,741,627 
1.28% 
1,129,173 
0.53% 
639,827 
0.30% 
861,320 
0.40% 
0.00 
235,365 
0.11% 
178,952 
0.08% 
159,749 
0.07% 
287,254 
0.13% 
11.2022 
214,774,120 
2,218,073 
1.03% 
1,608,726 
0.75% 
512,719 
0.24% 
1,106,537 
0.52% 
0.00 
491,367 
0.23% 
184,056 
0.09% 
124,517 
0.06% 
306,596 
0.14% 
12.2022 
214,609,569 
2,768,613 
1.29% 
1,356,330 
0.63% 
619,284 
0.29% 
1,174,207 
0.55% 
0.00 
283,545 
0.13% 
405,531 
0.19% 
198,370 
0.09% 
286,762 
0.13% 
01.2023 
213,631,248 
2,487,334 
1.16% 
1,974,455 
0.92% 
495,592 
0.23% 
1,524,896 
0.71% 
0.00 
481,962 
0.23% 
305,661 
0.14% 
328,286 
0.15% 
408,987 
0.19% 
02.2023 
211,600,702 
2,656,084 
1.26% 
1,978,422 
0.93% 
558,665 
0.26% 
1,550,952 
0.73% 
0.00 
344,846 
0.16% 
358,253 
0.17% 
246,473 
0.12% 
601,380 
0.28% 
03.2023 
211,387,928 
2,343,306 
1.11% 
1,507,933 
0.71% 
565,844 
0.27% 
1,522,011 
0.72% 
0.00 
334,447 
0.16% 
242,367 
0.11% 
286,781 
0.14% 
658,416 
0.31% 
04.2023 
209,352,914 
2,053,756 
0.98% 
1,784,305 
0.85% 
695,159 
0.33% 
1,530,389 
0.73% 
0.00 
323,567 
0.15% 
213,759 
0.10% 
212,925 
0.10% 
780,138 
0.37% 
05.2023 
207,663,976 
2,617,491 
1.26% 
1,686,937 
0.81% 
835,004 
0.40% 
1,751,153 
0.84% 
0.00 
416,203 
0.20% 
218,237 
0.11% 
293,500 
0.14% 
823,213 
0.40% 
06.2023 
207,923,584 
2,645,445 
1.27% 
1,626,628 
0.78% 
898,551 
0.43% 
1,827,627 
0.88% 
0.00 
498,199 
0.24% 
241,242 
0.12% 
208,518 
0.10% 
879,668 
0.42% 
 
 
New LP 
 
Calendar Year/Month 
Principal 
Outstanding 
Delinquent 
balance 1-30  
dpd (£) 
1-30 
dpd (%) 
Delinquent 
balance 31-60  
dpd (£) 
31-60 
dpd (%) 
Delinquent 
balance 61-90  
dpd (£) 
61-90 
dpd (%) 
Delinquent 
balance 91+  
dpd (£) 
91+ 
dpd (%) 
Delinquent 
balance 91-120  
dpd (£) 
91-120 
dpd (%) 
Delinquent 
balance 121-
150 
dpd (£) 
121-
150 
dpd (%) 
Delinquent 
balance 151-
180  
dpd (£) 
151-
180 
dpd (%) 
Delinquent 
balance 180+  
dpd (£) 
180+ 
dpd (%) 
06.2007 
231,245,257 
3,312,848 
1.43% 
1,939,606 
0.84% 
906,893 
0.39% 
762,252 
0.33% 
0.00 
403,789 
0.17% 
134,098 
0.06% 
136,886 
0.06% 
87,479 
0.04% 
07.2007 
230,282,543 
4,314,322 
1.87% 
1,690,734 
0.73% 
1,085,923 
0.47% 
823,261 
0.36% 
0.00 
472,814 
0.21% 
180,925 
0.08% 
80,188 
0.03% 
89,335 
0.04% 
08.2007 
227,142,820 
3,976,730 
1.75% 
2,078,997 
0.92% 
897,779 
0.40% 
880,118 
0.39% 
0.00 
436,054 
0.19% 
244,719 
0.11% 
128,200 
0.06% 
71,146 
0.03% 
09.2007 
229,815,654 
4,535,453 
1.97% 
2,020,504 
0.88% 
896,215 
0.39% 
822,042 
0.36% 
0.00 
346,717 
0.15% 
180,769 
0.08% 
139,645 
0.06% 
154,912 
0.07% 
10.2007 
228,740,698 
4,055,731 
1.77% 
2,477,521 
1.08% 
1,065,804 
0.47% 
915,400 
0.40% 
0.00 
391,799 
0.17% 
201,336 
0.09% 
122,490 
0.05% 
199,775 
0.09% 
11.2007 
226,921,616 
3,763,548 
1.66% 
2,016,716 
0.89% 
1,217,104 
0.54% 
1,080,189 
0.48% 
0.00 
612,251 
0.27% 
214,708 
0.09% 
55,854 
0.02% 
197,376 
0.09% 
12.2007 
225,636,494 
4,351,261 
1.93% 
2,049,600 
0.91% 
895,831 
0.40% 
1,338,774 
0.59% 
0.00 
745,298 
0.33% 
257,862 
0.11% 
115,470 
0.05% 
220,145 
0.10% 
01.2008 
222,882,277 
4,567,795 
2.05% 
1,650,643 
0.74% 
1,117,578 
0.50% 
1,605,138 
0.72% 
0.00 
743,089 
0.33% 
533,515 
0.24% 
146,780 
0.07% 
181,754 
0.08% 
02.2008 
218,306,667 
3,322,722 
1.52% 
1,780,888 
0.82% 
746,568 
0.34% 
1,174,004 
0.54% 
0.00 
467,415 
0.21% 
266,244 
0.12% 
277,211 
0.13% 
163,134 
0.07% 
03.2008 
222,810,302 
3,933,031 
1.77% 
1,811,550 
0.81% 
1,058,031 
0.47% 
1,076,777 
0.48% 
0.00 
370,075 
0.17% 
275,578 
0.12% 
136,952 
0.06% 
294,172 
0.13% 
04.2008 
222,016,848 
4,068,850 
1.83% 
1,974,056 
0.89% 
802,062 
0.36% 
1,476,896 
0.67% 
0.00 
832,913 
0.38% 
254,074 
0.11% 
139,836 
0.06% 
250,072 
0.11% 
05.2008 
222,614,235 
4,261,593 
1.91% 
1,861,601 
0.84% 
952,961 
0.43% 
1,414,559 
0.64% 
0.00 
584,157 
0.26% 
379,092 
0.17% 
206,264 
0.09% 
245,047 
0.11% 
06.2008 
221,545,941 
3,891,780 
1.76% 
2,094,693 
0.95% 
1,048,211 
0.47% 
1,352,834 
0.61% 
0.00 
437,670 
0.20% 
410,401 
0.19% 
163,522 
0.07% 
341,241 
0.15%

--- Page 143 ---
- 132 - 
 
 
 
Calendar Year/Month 
Principal 
Outstanding 
Delinquent 
balance 1-30  
dpd (£) 
1-30 
dpd (%) 
Delinquent 
balance 31-60  
dpd (£) 
31-60 
dpd (%) 
Delinquent 
balance 61-90  
dpd (£) 
61-90 
dpd (%) 
Delinquent 
balance 91+  
dpd (£) 
91+ 
dpd (%) 
Delinquent 
balance 91-120  
dpd (£) 
91-120 
dpd (%) 
Delinquent 
balance 121-
150 
dpd (£) 
121-
150 
dpd (%) 
Delinquent 
balance 151-
180  
dpd (£) 
151-
180 
dpd (%) 
Delinquent 
balance 180+  
dpd (£) 
180+ 
dpd (%) 
07.2008 
218,194,239 
4,265,923 
1.96% 
2,292,224 
1.05% 
781,761 
0.36% 
1,441,793 
0.66% 
0.00 
575,881 
0.26% 
258,762 
0.12% 
229,126 
0.11% 
378,025 
0.17% 
08.2008 
213,373,374 
4,573,748 
2.14% 
2,505,290 
1.17% 
1,170,299 
0.55% 
1,335,328 
0.63% 
0.00 
390,100 
0.18% 
378,995 
0.18% 
214,707 
0.10% 
351,526 
0.16% 
09.2008 
212,696,610 
4,702,192 
2.21% 
2,519,487 
1.18% 
1,246,528 
0.59% 
1,546,154 
0.73% 
0.00 
649,558 
0.31% 
230,091 
0.11% 
278,896 
0.13% 
387,609 
0.18% 
10.2008 
207,853,325 
5,455,914 
2.62% 
2,727,435 
1.31% 
1,288,520 
0.62% 
1,664,778 
0.80% 
0.00 
670,830 
0.32% 
404,541 
0.19% 
114,887 
0.06% 
474,519 
0.23% 
11.2008 
202,057,900 
6,494,433 
3.21% 
3,083,668 
1.53% 
1,253,057 
0.62% 
1,801,660 
0.89% 
0.00 
731,898 
0.36% 
431,541 
0.21% 
232,733 
0.12% 
405,488 
0.20% 
12.2008 
194,969,178 
5,073,293 
2.60% 
2,909,912 
1.49% 
1,779,496 
0.91% 
1,727,451 
0.89% 
0.00 
530,405 
0.27% 
520,919 
0.27% 
292,870 
0.15% 
383,257 
0.20% 
01.2009 
189,988,251 
4,477,414 
2.36% 
3,937,318 
2.07% 
2,162,469 
1.14% 
2,191,851 
1.15% 
0.00 
1,054,179 
0.55% 
302,304 
0.16% 
381,756 
0.20% 
453,612 
0.24% 
02.2009 
183,833,991 
4,697,796 
2.56% 
3,379,435 
1.84% 
2,850,046 
1.55% 
2,342,866 
1.27% 
0.00 
1,106,307 
0.60% 
465,460 
0.25% 
228,577 
0.12% 
542,523 
0.30% 
03.2009 
177,207,695 
4,191,636 
2.37% 
2,306,398 
1.30% 
1,394,606 
0.79% 
2,685,415 
1.52% 
0.00 
1,247,541 
0.70% 
665,375 
0.38% 
319,781 
0.18% 
452,718 
0.26% 
04.2009 
169,985,977 
3,884,154 
2.28% 
2,592,655 
1.53% 
1,086,312 
0.64% 
2,795,468 
1.64% 
0.00 
711,585 
0.42% 
672,918 
0.40% 
785,180 
0.46% 
625,785 
0.37% 
05.2009 
164,147,659 
4,449,990 
2.71% 
2,063,105 
1.26% 
1,227,266 
0.75% 
3,020,898 
1.84% 
0.00 
846,287 
0.52% 
509,001 
0.31% 
449,988 
0.27% 
1,215,623 
0.74% 
06.2009 
158,626,050 
4,149,677 
2.62% 
1,942,510 
1.22% 
856,241 
0.54% 
2,668,574 
1.68% 
0.00 
674,641 
0.43% 
552,641 
0.35% 
424,361 
0.27% 
1,016,930 
0.64% 
07.2009 
153,790,851 
3,411,782 
2.22% 
1,783,620 
1.16% 
973,499 
0.63% 
2,509,303 
1.63% 
0.00 
544,206 
0.35% 
484,487 
0.32% 
470,078 
0.31% 
1,010,532 
0.66% 
08.2009 
148,796,630 
3,243,020 
2.18% 
2,057,267 
1.38% 
966,933 
0.65% 
2,094,182 
1.41% 
0.00 
580,323 
0.39% 
304,642 
0.20% 
243,323 
0.16% 
965,893 
0.65% 
09.2009 
143,142,970 
3,239,409 
2.26% 
2,046,514 
1.43% 
937,792 
0.66% 
1,923,881 
1.34% 
0.00 
545,766 
0.38% 
373,794 
0.26% 
173,892 
0.12% 
830,429 
0.58% 
10.2009 
136,968,254 
4,835,098 
3.53% 
1,040,299 
0.76% 
1,074,396 
0.78% 
1,744,467 
1.27% 
0.00 
407,953 
0.30% 
354,818 
0.26% 
221,756 
0.16% 
759,939 
0.55% 
11.2009 
131,444,499 
3,188,744 
2.43% 
2,214,639 
1.68% 
612,547 
0.47% 
1,934,010 
1.47% 
0.00 
653,926 
0.50% 
276,341 
0.21% 
218,181 
0.17% 
785,563 
0.60% 
12.2009 
127,506,931 
3,266,251 
2.56% 
1,852,413 
1.45% 
1,003,654 
0.79% 
1,683,307 
1.32% 
0.00 
259,862 
0.20% 
372,495 
0.29% 
203,959 
0.16% 
846,991 
0.66% 
01.2010 
123,238,869 
3,395,833 
2.76% 
1,609,598 
1.31% 
757,293 
0.61% 
1,610,638 
1.31% 
0.00 
450,121 
0.37% 
117,120 
0.10% 
292,247 
0.24% 
751,150 
0.61% 
02.2010 
118,021,457 
2,942,717 
2.49% 
1,765,460 
1.50% 
470,146 
0.40% 
1,360,660 
1.15% 
0.00 
132,941 
0.11% 
322,687 
0.27% 
83,377 
0.07% 
821,655 
0.70% 
03.2010 
110,914,075 
3,106,632 
2.80% 
1,983,513 
1.79% 
474,889 
0.43% 
1,265,272 
1.14% 
0.00 
180,146 
0.16% 
74,121 
0.07% 
297,138 
0.27% 
713,866 
0.64% 
04.2010 
105,362,111 
3,062,088 
2.91% 
1,441,946 
1.37% 
998,918 
0.95% 
1,211,758 
1.15% 
0.00 
233,619 
0.22% 
98,816 
0.09% 
57,280 
0.05% 
822,044 
0.78% 
05.2010 
100,466,369 
3,055,152 
3.04% 
1,294,125 
1.29% 
615,989 
0.61% 
1,554,047 
1.55% 
0.00 
533,790 
0.53% 
204,472 
0.20% 
79,744 
0.08% 
736,041 
0.73% 
06.2010 
96,051,008 
2,558,842 
2.66% 
1,682,989 
1.75% 
529,058 
0.55% 
1,435,830 
1.49% 
0.00 
371,071 
0.39% 
379,277 
0.39% 
182,758 
0.19% 
502,725 
0.52% 
07.2010 
94,507,164 
2,203,967 
2.33% 
1,063,337 
1.13% 
799,495 
0.85% 
1,389,300 
1.47% 
0.00 
275,011 
0.29% 
248,581 
0.26% 
240,564 
0.25% 
625,144 
0.66% 
08.2010 
91,556,074 
1,920,189 
2.10% 
1,258,274 
1.37% 
837,869 
0.92% 
1,101,205 
1.20% 
0.00 
130,336 
0.14% 
101,879 
0.11% 
132,686 
0.14% 
736,304 
0.80% 
09.2010 
90,036,444 
1,554,153 
1.73% 
1,101,847 
1.22% 
506,413 
0.56% 
1,245,687 
1.38% 
0.00 
500,812 
0.56% 
101,870 
0.11% 
77,568 
0.09% 
565,437 
0.63% 
10.2010 
87,033,739 
2,079,747 
2.39% 
763,794 
0.88% 
314,058 
0.36% 
1,183,645 
1.36% 
0.00 
362,430 
0.42% 
206,390 
0.24% 
85,617 
0.10% 
529,208 
0.61% 
11.2010 
86,056,168 
1,944,738 
2.26% 
883,179 
1.03% 
432,983 
0.50% 
838,692 
0.97% 
0.00 
161,189 
0.19% 
136,870 
0.16% 
142,700 
0.17% 
397,932 
0.46% 
12.2010 
86,561,827 
1,764,386 
2.04% 
901,158 
1.04% 
662,381 
0.77% 
833,693 
0.96% 
0.00 
169,403 
0.20% 
121,763 
0.14% 
113,643 
0.13% 
428,884 
0.50% 
01.2011 
83,477,422 
1,638,838 
1.96% 
1,147,362 
1.37% 
646,535 
0.77% 
811,478 
0.97% 
0.00 
224,606 
0.27% 
106,815 
0.13% 
89,362 
0.11% 
390,696 
0.47% 
02.2011 
79,993,443 
1,694,651 
2.12% 
940,847 
1.18% 
581,392 
0.73% 
821,991 
1.03% 
0.00 
216,031 
0.27% 
153,657 
0.19% 
108,742 
0.14% 
343,561 
0.43% 
03.2011 
80,954,285 
1,992,337 
2.46% 
924,970 
1.14% 
382,948 
0.47% 
737,255 
0.91% 
0.00 
186,170 
0.23% 
122,504 
0.15% 
139,266 
0.17% 
289,314 
0.36% 
04.2011 
79,590,172 
1,576,536 
1.98% 
603,956 
0.76% 
524,643 
0.66% 
643,890 
0.81% 
0.00 
194,894 
0.24% 
101,693 
0.13% 
69,593 
0.09% 
277,710 
0.35% 
05.2011 
80,697,784 
1,993,665 
2.47% 
418,678 
0.52% 
197,452 
0.24% 
809,920 
1.00% 
0.00 
340,637 
0.42% 
140,570 
0.17% 
96,267 
0.12% 
232,446 
0.29% 
06.2011 
79,568,874 
1,488,852 
1.87% 
491,423 
0.62% 
267,760 
0.34% 
703,110 
0.88% 
0.00 
125,715 
0.16% 
209,575 
0.26% 
107,958 
0.14% 
259,863 
0.33% 
07.2011 
79,908,645 
1,218,532 
1.52% 
428,497 
0.54% 
298,124 
0.37% 
755,349 
0.95% 
0.00 
180,264 
0.23% 
120,483 
0.15% 
164,095 
0.21% 
290,508 
0.36% 
08.2011 
77,928,360 
1,224,340 
1.57% 
173,539 
0.22% 
256,178 
0.33% 
678,471 
0.87% 
0.00 
150,945 
0.19% 
120,003 
0.15% 
94,283 
0.12% 
313,240 
0.40% 
09.2011 
78,532,138 
1,076,698 
1.37% 
470,755 
0.60% 
107,674 
0.14% 
616,624 
0.79% 
0.00 
134,260 
0.17% 
91,672 
0.12% 
76,957 
0.10% 
313,735 
0.40% 
10.2011 
76,589,933 
954,029 
1.25% 
474,333 
0.62% 
258,012 
0.34% 
521,071 
0.68% 
0.00 
156,864 
0.20% 
46,504 
0.06% 
58,027 
0.08% 
259,676 
0.34% 
11.2011 
76,458,373 
761,251 
1.00% 
505,273 
0.66% 
219,991 
0.29% 
549,175 
0.72% 
0.00 
226,357 
0.30% 
85,377 
0.11% 
27,140 
0.04% 
210,302 
0.28% 
12.2011 
76,284,933 
1,307,965 
1.71% 
271,320 
0.36% 
152,931 
0.20% 
595,024 
0.78% 
0.00 
201,902 
0.26% 
242,780 
0.32% 
31,697 
0.04% 
118,645 
0.16% 
01.2012 
75,583,912 
747,020 
0.99% 
615,669 
0.81% 
213,984 
0.28% 
513,876 
0.68% 
0.00 
172,155 
0.23% 
201,519 
0.27% 
67,608 
0.09% 
72,594 
0.10% 
02.2012 
75,062,195 
1,044,252 
1.39% 
321,926 
0.43% 
492,880 
0.66% 
497,274 
0.66% 
0.00 
150,036 
0.20% 
116,086 
0.15% 
144,749 
0.19% 
86,402 
0.12% 
03.2012 
77,211,188 
1,145,353 
1.48% 
255,815 
0.33% 
251,399 
0.33% 
515,842 
0.67% 
0.00 
130,587 
0.17% 
110,110 
0.14% 
110,959 
0.14% 
164,185 
0.21% 
04.2012 
76,966,642 
884,134 
1.15% 
554,915 
0.72% 
209,436 
0.27% 
424,646 
0.55% 
0.00 
86,164 
0.11% 
66,369 
0.09% 
135,491 
0.18% 
136,621 
0.18% 
05.2012 
76,716,000 
1,139,309 
1.49% 
450,056 
0.59% 
158,357 
0.21% 
291,265 
0.38% 
0.00 
84,043 
0.11% 
48,268 
0.06% 
38,570 
0.05% 
120,384 
0.16% 
06.2012 
77,487,698 
1,460,700 
1.89% 
638,280 
0.82% 
169,439 
0.22% 
404,892 
0.52% 
0.00 
94,176 
0.12% 
43,267 
0.06% 
45,753 
0.06% 
221,697 
0.29% 
07.2012 
77,589,991 
1,061,071 
1.37% 
554,827 
0.72% 
52,809 
0.07% 
389,366 
0.50% 
0.00 
83,246 
0.11% 
59,385 
0.08% 
24,963 
0.03% 
221,772 
0.29% 
08.2012 
76,490,793 
1,378,606 
1.80% 
309,384 
0.40% 
226,094 
0.30% 
343,025 
0.45% 
0.00 
44,385 
0.06% 
74,757 
0.10% 
23,981 
0.03% 
199,902 
0.26% 
09.2012 
79,949,730 
1,325,223 
1.66% 
583,752 
0.73% 
122,167 
0.15% 
460,496 
0.58% 
0.00 
169,962 
0.21% 
29,486 
0.04% 
58,148 
0.07% 
202,900 
0.25% 
10.2012 
81,470,420 
1,358,189 
1.67% 
572,754 
0.70% 
24,677 
0.03% 
388,868 
0.48% 
0.00 
52,586 
0.06% 
67,847 
0.08% 
1,965 
0.00% 
266,470 
0.33% 
11.2012 
83,154,807 
911,847 
1.10% 
356,520 
0.43% 
220,292 
0.26% 
284,093 
0.34% 
0.00 
18,115 
0.02% 
33,627 
0.04% 
8,693 
0.01% 
223,658 
0.27% 
12.2012 
87,157,015 
905,990 
1.04% 
572,763 
0.66% 
172,580 
0.20% 
188,880 
0.22% 
0.00 
72,073 
0.08% 
7,686 
0.01% 
21,102 
0.02% 
88,019 
0.10% 
01.2013 
86,911,328 
567,820 
0.65% 
195,913 
0.23% 
422,771 
0.49% 
168,170 
0.19% 
0.00 
28,502 
0.03% 
62,419 
0.07% 
77,249 
0.09% 
02.2013 
85,816,581 
887,431 
1.03% 
437,393 
0.51% 
262,818 
0.31% 
150,664 
0.18% 
0.00 
19,415 
0.02% 
19,021 
0.02% 
38,932 
0.05% 
73,296 
0.09% 
03.2013 
87,695,103 
4,717,079 
5.38% 
461,238 
0.53% 
226,795 
0.26% 
268,991 
0.31% 
0.00 
162,980 
0.19% 
9,005 
0.01% 
4,847 
0.01% 
92,159 
0.11% 
04.2013 
88,126,638 
906,797 
1.03% 
445,147 
0.51% 
86,454 
0.10% 
279,722 
0.32% 
0.00 
62,700 
0.07% 
122,966 
0.14% 
9,005 
0.01% 
85,050 
0.10% 
05.2013 
88,131,689 
942,072 
1.07% 
331,967 
0.38% 
244,060 
0.28% 
303,799 
0.34% 
0.00 
93,874 
0.11% 
31,195 
0.04% 
28,081 
0.03% 
150,649 
0.17% 
06.2013 
88,396,778 
1,070,815 
1.21% 
286,844 
0.32% 
344,011 
0.39% 
388,849 
0.44% 
0.00 
127,720 
0.14% 
84,666 
0.10% 
17,679 
0.02% 
158,783 
0.18% 
07.2013 
88,666,814 
1,212,650 
1.37% 
468,942 
0.53% 
79,477 
0.09% 
402,244 
0.45% 
0.00 
251,514 
0.28% 
75,391 
0.09% 
15,215 
0.02% 
60,124 
0.07% 
08.2013 
87,572,831 
955,459 
1.09% 
394,569 
0.45% 
403,495 
0.46% 
166,288 
0.19% 
0.00 
65,881 
0.08% 
33,980 
0.04% 
9,025 
0.01% 
57,402 
0.07% 
09.2013 
90,605,305 
1,013,174 
1.12% 
504,396 
0.56% 
175,827 
0.19% 
359,886 
0.40% 
0.00 
250,902 
0.28% 
30,154 
0.03% 
30,956 
0.03% 
47,874 
0.05% 
10.2013 
90,164,486 
1,318,396 
1.46% 
284,388 
0.32% 
170,820 
0.19% 
275,817 
0.31% 
0.00 
19,349 
0.02% 
203,896 
0.23% 
5,418 
0.01% 
47,154 
0.05% 
11.2013 
90,835,205 
935,877 
1.03% 
183,148 
0.20% 
246,460 
0.27% 
430,673 
0.47% 
0.00 
168,885 
0.19% 
19,346 
0.02% 
191,028 
0.21% 
51,413 
0.06% 
12.2013 
95,416,800 
1,135,320 
1.19% 
411,193 
0.43% 
63,061 
0.07% 
463,869 
0.49% 
0.00 
235,775 
0.25% 
106,170 
0.11% 
8,270 
0.01% 
113,653 
0.12% 
01.2014 
93,621,644 
1,072,897 
1.15% 
378,429 
0.40% 
173,757 
0.19% 
403,270 
0.43% 
0.00 
39,592 
0.04% 
141,536 
0.15% 
103,960 
0.11% 
118,183 
0.13% 
02.2014 
91,608,600 
872,047 
0.95% 
440,343 
0.48% 
409,426 
0.45% 
432,288 
0.47% 
0.00 
74,320 
0.08% 
18,088 
0.02% 
146,942 
0.16% 
192,939 
0.21% 
03.2014 
94,085,923 
1,047,931 
1.11% 
297,946 
0.32% 
196,138 
0.21% 
513,870 
0.55% 
0.00 
263,641 
0.28% 
52,901 
0.06% 
19,965 
0.02% 
177,363 
0.19% 
04.2014 
93,571,684 
1,105,274 
1.18% 
384,075 
0.41% 
187,030 
0.20% 
667,651 
0.71% 
0.00 
160,059 
0.17% 
199,495 
0.21% 
52,901 
0.06% 
255,196 
0.27% 
05.2014 
93,982,286 
806,884 
0.86% 
362,767 
0.39% 
198,151 
0.21% 
681,950 
0.73% 
0.00 
205,249 
0.22% 
91,335 
0.10% 
137,901 
0.15% 
247,466 
0.26% 
06.2014 
93,313,462 
661,478 
0.71% 
187,970 
0.20% 
327,215 
0.35% 
704,928 
0.76% 
0.00 
104,921 
0.11% 
162,998 
0.17% 
122,108 
0.13% 
314,901 
0.34% 
07.2014 
92,351,675 
672,935 
0.73% 
230,817 
0.25% 
128,796 
0.14% 
661,039 
0.72% 
0.00 
136,671 
0.15% 
160,631 
0.17% 
363,737 
0.39% 
08.2014 
91,216,032 
569,107 
0.62% 
382,059 
0.42% 
105,033 
0.12% 
773,620 
0.85% 
0.00 
117,582 
0.13% 
249,324 
0.27% 
406,715 
0.45%

--- Page 144 ---
- 133 - 
 
 
 
Calendar Year/Month 
Principal 
Outstanding 
Delinquent 
balance 1-30  
dpd (£) 
1-30 
dpd (%) 
Delinquent 
balance 31-60  
dpd (£) 
31-60 
dpd (%) 
Delinquent 
balance 61-90  
dpd (£) 
61-90 
dpd (%) 
Delinquent 
balance 91+  
dpd (£) 
91+ 
dpd (%) 
Delinquent 
balance 91-120  
dpd (£) 
91-120 
dpd (%) 
Delinquent 
balance 121-
150 
dpd (£) 
121-
150 
dpd (%) 
Delinquent 
balance 151-
180  
dpd (£) 
151-
180 
dpd (%) 
Delinquent 
balance 180+  
dpd (£) 
180+ 
dpd (%) 
09.2014 
92,171,752 
755,858 
0.82% 
289,839 
0.31% 
188,607 
0.20% 
582,024 
0.63% 
0.00 
207,145 
0.22% 
25,420 
0.03% 
14,297 
0.02% 
335,162 
0.36% 
10.2014 
93,815,136 
975,724 
1.04% 
355,682 
0.38% 
198,081 
0.21% 
510,605 
0.54% 
0.00 
193,735 
0.21% 
46,181 
0.05% 
25,420 
0.03% 
245,270 
0.26% 
11.2014 
96,694,326 
1,126,416 
1.16% 
278,523 
0.29% 
201,292 
0.21% 
589,098 
0.61% 
0.00 
152,573 
0.16% 
133,275 
0.14% 
46,181 
0.05% 
257,070 
0.27% 
12.2014 
100,434,080 
1,095,438 
1.09% 
172,375 
0.17% 
146,543 
0.15% 
653,690 
0.65% 
0.00 
221,940 
0.22% 
106,211 
0.11% 
31,786 
0.03% 
293,754 
0.29% 
01.2015 
100,723,176 
720,585 
0.72% 
577,821 
0.57% 
74,474 
0.07% 
570,601 
0.57% 
0.00 
193,590 
0.19% 
56,767 
0.06% 
42,085 
0.04% 
278,158 
0.28% 
02.2015 
100,957,690 
385,411 
0.38% 
257,303 
0.25% 
217,474 
0.22% 
443,035 
0.44% 
0.00 
1,197 
0.00% 
184,536 
0.18% 
55,392 
0.05% 
201,911 
0.20% 
03.2015 
107,298,009 
1,030,453 
0.96% 
240,672 
0.22% 
170,094 
0.16% 
535,578 
0.50% 
0.00 
214,867 
0.20% 
1,197 
0.00% 
171,003 
0.16% 
148,511 
0.14% 
04.2015 
108,808,380 
184,172 
0.17% 
271,044 
0.25% 
72,265 
0.07% 
383,300 
0.35% 
0.00 
158,538 
0.15% 
85,603 
0.08% 
57,869 
0.05% 
81,290 
0.07% 
05.2015 
109,857,570 
757,182 
0.69% 
318,679 
0.29% 
176,185 
0.16% 
443,485 
0.40% 
0.00 
57,359 
0.05% 
158,116 
0.14% 
84,741 
0.08% 
143,269 
0.13% 
06.2015 
110,524,520 
833,081 
0.75% 
264,169 
0.24% 
160,063 
0.14% 
335,479 
0.30% 
0.00 
17,024 
0.02% 
39,300 
0.04% 
113,914 
0.10% 
165,240 
0.15% 
07.2015 
107,461,884 
1,131,643 
1.05% 
202,069 
0.19% 
186,015 
0.17% 
331,832 
0.31% 
0.00 
15,807 
0.01% 
19,442 
0.02% 
26,724 
0.02% 
269,858 
0.25% 
08.2015 
104,662,040 
785,434 
0.75% 
342,048 
0.33% 
146,292 
0.14% 
328,068 
0.31% 
0.00 
86,344 
0.08% 
21,937 
0.02% 
7,126 
0.01% 
212,661 
0.20% 
09.2015 
102,345,194 
415,895 
0.41% 
473,673 
0.46% 
86,557 
0.08% 
304,530 
0.30% 
0.00 
81,205 
0.08% 
36,862 
0.04% 
22,168 
0.02% 
164,296 
0.16% 
10.2015 
100,012,658 
675,511 
0.68% 
323,544 
0.32% 
77,817 
0.08% 
388,483 
0.39% 
0.00 
114,470 
0.11% 
31,849 
0.03% 
37,122 
0.04% 
205,043 
0.21% 
11.2015 
97,860,649 
705,258 
0.72% 
290,770 
0.30% 
101,597 
0.10% 
410,223 
0.42% 
0.00 
72,350 
0.07% 
76,035 
0.08% 
31,439 
0.03% 
230,398 
0.24% 
12.2015 
95,023,021 
1,332,392 
1.40% 
172,875 
0.18% 
219,686 
0.23% 
363,192 
0.38% 
0.00 
111,781 
0.12% 
35,506 
0.04% 
215,905 
0.23% 
01.2016 
92,324,990 
699,719 
0.76% 
481,309 
0.52% 
321,145 
0.35% 
393,011 
0.43% 
0.00 
211,498 
0.23% 
38,314 
0.04% 
143,200 
0.16% 
02.2016 
89,359,180 
645,087 
0.72% 
298,013 
0.33% 
304,605 
0.34% 
312,787 
0.35% 
0.00 
149,202 
0.17% 
42,260 
0.05% 
121,325 
0.14% 
03.2016 
87,483,055 
547,554 
0.63% 
186,924 
0.21% 
124,017 
0.14% 
356,299 
0.41% 
0.00 
123,779 
0.14% 
106,455 
0.12% 
9,043 
0.01% 
117,022 
0.13% 
04.2016 
85,184,880 
591,680 
0.69% 
97,726 
0.11% 
138,107 
0.16% 
193,478 
0.23% 
0.00 
108,133 
0.13% 
22,368 
0.03% 
14,031 
0.02% 
48,946 
0.06% 
05.2016 
83,377,886 
405,242 
0.49% 
227,581 
0.27% 
30,305 
0.04% 
315,766 
0.38% 
0.00 
180,372 
0.22% 
72,079 
0.09% 
21,675 
0.03% 
41,640 
0.05% 
06.2016 
81,594,509 
404,375 
0.50% 
141,961 
0.17% 
221,342 
0.27% 
104,998 
0.13% 
0.00 
23,546 
0.03% 
1,015 
0.00% 
40,876 
0.05% 
39,561 
0.05% 
07.2016 
79,089,626 
710,152 
0.90% 
187,800 
0.24% 
303,642 
0.38% 
103,072 
0.13% 
0.00 
23,546 
0.03% 
1,015 
0.00% 
78,510 
0.10% 
08.2016 
76,886,703 
634,593 
0.83% 
219,589 
0.29% 
32,735 
0.04% 
143,822 
0.19% 
0.00 
117,891 
0.15% 
25,931 
0.03% 
09.2016 
74,517,445 
650,162 
0.87% 
188,895 
0.25% 
49,873 
0.07% 
0.00 
5,916 
0.01% 
32,680 
0.04% 
11,277 
0.02% 
10.2016 
72,340,796 
566,733 
0.78% 
172,266 
0.24% 
33,893 
0.05% 
49,285 
0.07% 
0.00 
5,916 
0.01% 
32,680 
0.05% 
10,689 
0.01% 
11.2016 
70,043,656 
779,663 
1.11% 
266,483 
0.38% 
102,970 
0.15% 
32,109 
0.05% 
0.00 
19,868 
0.03% 
5,916 
0.01% 
6,324 
0.01% 
12.2016 
67,298,768 
844,808 
1.26% 
67,865 
0.10% 
197,970 
0.29% 
117,620 
0.17% 
0.00 
102,090 
0.15% 
7,194 
0.01% 
8,336 
0.01% 
01.2017 
65,036,003 
794,295 
1.22% 
118,918 
0.18% 
170,178 
0.26% 
128,098 
0.20% 
0.00 
109,944 
0.17% 
5,045 
0.01% 
7,193 
0.01% 
5,916 
0.01% 
02.2017 
63,128,292 
373,402 
0.59% 
148,061 
0.23% 
74,692 
0.12% 
120,739 
0.19% 
0.00 
7,266 
0.01% 
96,882 
0.15% 
3,483 
0.01% 
13,108 
0.02% 
03.2017 
61,626,449 
428,989 
0.70% 
168,573 
0.27% 
43,949 
0.07% 
105,099 
0.17% 
0.00 
14,905 
0.02% 
32,773 
0.05% 
46,599 
0.08% 
10,822 
0.02% 
04.2017 
60,007,668 
625,511 
1.04% 
181,458 
0.30% 
125,647 
0.21% 
149,047 
0.25% 
0.00 
43,949 
0.07% 
14,905 
0.02% 
32,772 
0.05% 
57,421 
0.10% 
05.2017 
58,815,724 
873,027 
1.48% 
116,533 
0.20% 
53,584 
0.09% 
182,562 
0.31% 
0.00 
73,498 
0.12% 
33,418 
0.06% 
75,646 
0.13% 
06.2017 
58,178,060 
357,421 
0.61% 
260,720 
0.45% 
8,044 
0.01% 
186,520 
0.32% 
0.00 
33,639 
0.06% 
50,439 
0.09% 
32,750 
0.06% 
69,691 
0.12% 
07.2017 
57,380,222 
340,817 
0.59% 
254,538 
0.44% 
57,126 
0.10% 
164,022 
0.29% 
0.00 
8,044 
0.01% 
33,636 
0.06% 
50,439 
0.09% 
71,903 
0.13% 
08.2017 
56,487,704 
351,525 
0.62% 
240,511 
0.43% 
34,171 
0.06% 
156,456 
0.28% 
0.00 
49,020 
0.09% 
8,044 
0.01% 
22,784 
0.04% 
76,608 
0.14% 
09.2017 
57,870,109 
386,553 
0.67% 
303,190 
0.52% 
29,941 
0.05% 
137,924 
0.24% 
0.00 
33,896 
0.06% 
8,044 
0.01% 
95,984 
0.17% 
10.2017 
57,243,147 
820,297 
1.43% 
216,935 
0.38% 
16,245 
0.03% 
134,100 
0.23% 
0.00 
14,566 
0.03% 
23,071 
0.04% 
96,464 
0.17% 
11.2017 
56,907,547 
568,225 
1.00% 
315,637 
0.55% 
100,315 
0.18% 
118,809 
0.21% 
0.00 
2,904 
0.01% 
14,566 
0.03% 
6,667 
0.01% 
94,673 
0.17% 
12.2017 
56,515,731 
727,928 
1.29% 
262,757 
0.46% 
83,665 
0.15% 
168,646 
0.30% 
0.00 
59,803 
0.11% 
2,904 
0.01% 
14,566 
0.03% 
91,373 
0.16% 
01.2018 
56,994,750 
585,027 
1.03% 
311,853 
0.55% 
80,560 
0.14% 
175,442 
0.31% 
0.00 
27,321 
0.05% 
70,438 
0.12% 
2,904 
0.01% 
74,779 
0.13% 
02.2018 
57,060,811 
495,171 
0.87% 
462,511 
0.81% 
79,828 
0.14% 
217,999 
0.38% 
0.00 
49,131 
0.09% 
26,919 
0.05% 
69,991 
0.12% 
71,958 
0.13% 
03.2018 
60,561,925 
484,248 
0.80% 
323,654 
0.53% 
96,930 
0.16% 
256,269 
0.42% 
0.00 
85,929 
0.14% 
3,101 
0.01% 
26,590 
0.04% 
140,649 
0.23% 
04.2018 
62,869,700 
543,844 
0.87% 
352,819 
0.56% 
105,736 
0.17% 
298,599 
0.47% 
0.00 
78,217 
0.12% 
60,428 
0.10% 
27,608 
0.04% 
132,345 
0.21% 
05.2018 
63,719,019 
1,109,837 
1.74% 
374,101 
0.59% 
23,568 
0.04% 
278,934 
0.44% 
0.00 
28,853 
0.05% 
44,727 
0.07% 
60,523 
0.09% 
144,831 
0.23% 
06.2018 
65,029,208 
548,731 
0.84% 
574,717 
0.88% 
135,396 
0.21% 
270,593 
0.42% 
0.00 
25,350 
0.04% 
10,653 
0.02% 
44,727 
0.07% 
189,864 
0.29% 
07.2018 
65,130,250 
844,371 
1.30% 
459,547 
0.71% 
244,289 
0.38% 
273,799 
0.42% 
0.00 
55,384 
0.09% 
2,250 
0.00% 
8,826 
0.01% 
207,339 
0.32% 
08.2018 
65,542,192 
615,554 
0.94% 
611,148 
0.93% 
74,622 
0.11% 
300,948 
0.46% 
0.00 
101,658 
0.16% 
20,095 
0.03% 
179,195 
0.27% 
09.2018 
68,415,537 
466,169 
0.68% 
698,315 
1.02% 
110,988 
0.16% 
242,668 
0.35% 
0.00 
30,742 
0.04% 
29,988 
0.04% 
7,656 
0.01% 
174,281 
0.25% 
10.2018 
69,461,873 
659,049 
0.95% 
564,050 
0.81% 
168,113 
0.24% 
261,770 
0.38% 
0.00 
94,766 
0.14% 
12,268 
0.02% 
1,837 
0.00% 
152,899 
0.22% 
11.2018 
70,950,970 
627,675 
0.88% 
720,809 
1.02% 
217,808 
0.31% 
306,605 
0.43% 
0.00 
118,262 
0.17% 
22,591 
0.03% 
12,034 
0.02% 
153,717 
0.22% 
12.2018 
70,874,339 
617,555 
0.87% 
489,686 
0.69% 
194,888 
0.27% 
298,656 
0.42% 
0.00 
92,832 
0.13% 
31,653 
0.04% 
22,591 
0.03% 
151,580 
0.21% 
01.2019 
72,775,662 
793,922 
1.09% 
489,627 
0.67% 
201,254 
0.28% 
300,573 
0.41% 
0.00 
78,742 
0.11% 
25,781 
0.04% 
31,653 
0.04% 
164,396 
0.23% 
02.2019 
74,545,126 
243,972 
0.33% 
650,912 
0.87% 
206,289 
0.28% 
354,117 
0.48% 
0.00 
156,765 
0.21% 
30,022 
0.04% 
5,982 
0.01% 
161,348 
0.22% 
03.2019 
79,814,023 
527,384 
0.66% 
447,850 
0.56% 
136,056 
0.17% 
274,108 
0.34% 
0.00 
55,667 
0.07% 
65,629 
0.08% 
8,457 
0.01% 
144,355 
0.18% 
04.2019 
82,944,868 
937,543 
1.13% 
633,447 
0.76% 
175,998 
0.21% 
349,575 
0.42% 
0.00 
108,990 
0.13% 
24,977 
0.03% 
65,629 
0.08% 
149,978 
0.18% 
05.2019 
86,044,348 
1,024,955 
1.19% 
812,010 
0.94% 
120,561 
0.14% 
248,574 
0.29% 
0.00 
46,144 
0.05% 
24,937 
0.03% 
13,068 
0.02% 
164,425 
0.19% 
06.2019 
88,099,474 
772,056 
0.88% 
756,632 
0.86% 
273,579 
0.31% 
220,828 
0.25% 
0.00 
52,899 
0.06% 
1,403 
0.00% 
19,244 
0.02% 
147,282 
0.17% 
07.2019 
88,193,081 
1,060,011 
1.20% 
503,540 
0.57% 
163,919 
0.19% 
262,220 
0.30% 
0.00 
65,443 
0.07% 
53,428 
0.06% 
1,403 
0.00% 
141,946 
0.16% 
08.2019 
88,281,250 
837,342 
0.95% 
567,496 
0.64% 
219,969 
0.25% 
261,273 
0.30% 
0.00 
83,660 
0.09% 
751 
0.00% 
38,855 
0.04% 
138,008 
0.16% 
09.2019 
89,410,806 
725,575 
0.81% 
652,508 
0.73% 
229,200 
0.26% 
164,835 
0.18% 
0.00 
47,448 
0.05% 
48,472 
0.05% 
751 
0.00% 
68,165 
0.08% 
10.2019 
89,866,184 
1,098,085 
1.22% 
587,300 
0.65% 
171,950 
0.19% 
81,384 
0.09% 
0.00 
11,951 
0.01% 
22,054 
0.02% 
7,036 
0.01% 
40,343 
0.04% 
11.2019 
90,947,255 
737,215 
0.81% 
480,981 
0.53% 
173,013 
0.19% 
43,488 
0.05% 
0.00 
2,521 
0.00% 
1,553 
0.00% 
39,415 
0.04% 
12.2019 
91,371,641 
1,360,929 
1.49% 
514,990 
0.56% 
135,205 
0.15% 
72,381 
0.08% 
0.00 
53,733 
0.06% 
2,521 
0.00% 
16,127 
0.02% 
01.2020 
91,694,645 
1,360,225 
1.48% 
652,721 
0.71% 
178,783 
0.19% 
128,770 
0.14% 
0.00 
80,800 
0.09% 
27,337 
0.03% 
20,633 
0.02% 
02.2020 
91,560,809 
1,076,129 
1.18% 
418,783 
0.46% 
172,221 
0.19% 
170,876 
0.19% 
0.00 
90,404 
0.10% 
40,689 
0.04% 
28,441 
0.03% 
11,342 
0.01% 
03.2020 
95,389,868 
2,566,701 
2.69% 
678,737 
0.71% 
199,847 
0.21% 
170,377 
0.18% 
0.00 
41,639 
0.04% 
49,608 
0.05% 
17,159 
0.02% 
61,971 
0.06% 
04.2020 
93,120,518 
4,585,941 
4.92% 
1,845,758 
1.98% 
428,631 
0.46% 
173,862 
0.19% 
0.00 
74,516 
0.08% 
41,632 
0.04% 
6,295 
0.01% 
51,419 
0.06% 
05.2020 
91,868,276 
3,625,013 
3.95% 
3,026,212 
3.29% 
1,354,515 
1.47% 
421,779 
0.46% 
0.00 
266,854 
0.29% 
74,148 
0.08% 
41,572 
0.05% 
39,206 
0.04% 
06.2020 
92,923,099 
2,113,972 
2.27% 
1,522,592 
1.64% 
2,359,880 
2.54% 
1,158,795 
1.25% 
0.00 
766,508 
0.82% 
240,540 
0.26% 
74,513 
0.08% 
77,233 
0.08% 
07.2020 
96,933,065 
1,588,949 
1.64% 
1,054,314 
1.09% 
985,342 
1.02% 
2,837,658 
2.93% 
0.00 
1,697,410 
1.75% 
830,179 
0.86% 
187,362 
0.19% 
122,707 
0.13% 
08.2020 
99,341,346 
1,459,626 
1.47% 
769,776 
0.77% 
821,570 
0.83% 
3,026,541 
3.05% 
0.00 
1,120,131 
1.13% 
1,078,429 
1.09% 
595,733 
0.60% 
232,248 
0.23% 
09.2020 
104,735,366 
1,509,245 
1.44% 
983,939 
0.94% 
547,562 
0.52% 
2,579,723 
2.46% 
0.00 
831,282 
0.79% 
369,455 
0.35% 
688,989 
0.66% 
689,996 
0.66% 
10.2020 
104,990,726 
1,448,978 
1.38% 
893,913 
0.85% 
667,442 
0.64% 
2,173,338 
2.07% 
0.00 
453,304 
0.43% 
384,570 
0.37% 
277,443 
0.26% 
1,058,021 
1.01%

--- Page 145 ---
- 134 - 
 
 
 
Calendar Year/Month 
Principal 
Outstanding 
Delinquent 
balance 1-30  
dpd (£) 
1-30 
dpd (%) 
Delinquent 
balance 31-60  
dpd (£) 
31-60 
dpd (%) 
Delinquent 
balance 61-90  
dpd (£) 
61-90 
dpd (%) 
Delinquent 
balance 91+  
dpd (£) 
91+ 
dpd (%) 
Delinquent 
balance 91-120  
dpd (£) 
91-120 
dpd (%) 
Delinquent 
balance 121-
150 
dpd (£) 
121-
150 
dpd (%) 
Delinquent 
balance 151-
180  
dpd (£) 
151-
180 
dpd (%) 
Delinquent 
balance 180+  
dpd (£) 
180+ 
dpd (%) 
11.2020 
105,211,557 
1,160,494 
1.10% 
1,157,950 
1.10% 
591,666 
0.56% 
1,861,233 
1.77% 
0.00 
425,940 
0.40% 
263,966 
0.25% 
169,560 
0.16% 
1,001,768 
0.95% 
12.2020 
105,802,808 
1,339,945 
1.27% 
1,050,068 
0.99% 
446,912 
0.42% 
1,508,608 
1.43% 
0.00 
273,587 
0.26% 
263,496 
0.25% 
49,977 
0.05% 
921,549 
0.87% 
01.2021 
106,692,427 
1,096,690 
1.03% 
783,580 
0.73% 
667,993 
0.63% 
1,472,304 
1.38% 
0.00 
373,369 
0.35% 
209,392 
0.20% 
36,219 
0.03% 
853,324 
0.80% 
02.2021 
105,576,488 
1,317,607 
1.25% 
587,617 
0.56% 
657,958 
0.62% 
1,216,081 
1.15% 
0.00 
484,970 
0.46% 
112,091 
0.11% 
40,784 
0.04% 
578,237 
0.55% 
03.2021 
110,730,493 
1,281,856 
1.16% 
847,268 
0.77% 
453,569 
0.41% 
1,053,762 
0.95% 
0.00 
412,406 
0.37% 
160,651 
0.15% 
32,970 
0.03% 
447,735 
0.40% 
04.2021 
115,028,751 
977,662 
0.85% 
906,824 
0.79% 
499,849 
0.43% 
885,070 
0.77% 
0.00 
261,235 
0.23% 
154,131 
0.13% 
86,592 
0.08% 
383,112 
0.33% 
05.2021 
119,991,905 
1,177,655 
0.98% 
615,938 
0.51% 
614,360 
0.51% 
589,342 
0.49% 
0.00 
127,964 
0.11% 
61,554 
0.05% 
100,440 
0.08% 
299,384 
0.25% 
06.2021 
124,498,300 
1,483,807 
1.19% 
914,653 
0.73% 
473,961 
0.38% 
529,340 
0.43% 
0.00 
211,785 
0.17% 
33,231 
0.03% 
86,276 
0.07% 
198,048 
0.16% 
07.2021 
127,074,212 
1,291,746 
1.02% 
911,686 
0.72% 
526,574 
0.41% 
411,387 
0.32% 
0.00 
127,178 
0.10% 
5,050 
0.00% 
32,740 
0.03% 
246,419 
0.19% 
08.2021 
127,248,317 
1,364,863 
1.07% 
820,938 
0.65% 
566,722 
0.45% 
427,564 
0.34% 
0.00 
153,499 
0.12% 
59,490 
0.05% 
5,050 
0.00% 
209,526 
0.16% 
09.2021 
126,822,701 
1,673,507 
1.32% 
765,535 
0.60% 
376,250 
0.30% 
385,050 
0.30% 
0.00 
125,647 
0.10% 
64,400 
0.05% 
91,955 
0.07% 
103,048 
0.08% 
10.2021 
126,903,369 
1,485,394 
1.17% 
530,750 
0.42% 
379,984 
0.30% 
526,782 
0.42% 
0.00 
278,189 
0.22% 
30,069 
0.02% 
84,262 
0.07% 
134,262 
0.11% 
11.2021 
128,242,687 
1,299,657 
1.01% 
758,643 
0.59% 
457,494 
0.36% 
509,723 
0.40% 
0.00 
252,668 
0.20% 
82,492 
0.06% 
15,192 
0.01% 
159,372 
0.12% 
12.2021 
128,586,684 
1,594,018 
1.24% 
674,200 
0.52% 
345,664 
0.27% 
511,814 
0.40% 
0.00 
289,364 
0.23% 
53,173 
0.04% 
36,169 
0.03% 
133,108 
0.10% 
01.2022 
129,780,400 
1,525,357 
1.18% 
873,140 
0.67% 
460,869 
0.36% 
531,705 
0.41% 
0.00 
195,826 
0.15% 
90,016 
0.07% 
85,790 
0.07% 
160,073 
0.12% 
02.2022 
129,020,836 
849,859 
0.66% 
885,812 
0.69% 
389,900 
0.30% 
373,237 
0.29% 
0.00 
135,989 
0.11% 
94,612 
0.07% 
8,859 
0.01% 
133,777 
0.10% 
03.2022 
130,697,148 
1,521,270 
1.16% 
781,414 
0.60% 
374,710 
0.29% 
297,600 
0.23% 
0.00 
92,454 
0.07% 
66,148 
0.05% 
66,464 
0.05% 
72,534 
0.06% 
04.2022 
128,872,558 
1,534,235 
1.19% 
589,525 
0.46% 
380,650 
0.30% 
335,802 
0.26% 
0.00 
160,398 
0.12% 
23,546 
0.02% 
82,511 
0.06% 
69,347 
0.05% 
05.2022 
128,490,719 
1,898,557 
1.48% 
735,299 
0.57% 
167,249 
0.13% 
285,693 
0.22% 
0.00 
159,040 
0.12% 
27,229 
0.02% 
29,181 
0.02% 
70,242 
0.05% 
06.2022 
128,349,961 
1,391,808 
1.08% 
964,033 
0.75% 
317,992 
0.25% 
203,779 
0.16% 
0.00 
57,880 
0.05% 
38,241 
0.03% 
55,766 
0.04% 
51,893 
0.04% 
07.2022 
129,887,037 
1,325,933 
1.02% 
790,343 
0.61% 
367,208 
0.28% 
229,177 
0.18% 
0.00 
104,082 
0.08% 
2,381 
0.00% 
41,680 
0.03% 
81,034 
0.06% 
08.2022 
129,096,782 
1,445,143 
1.12% 
733,861 
0.57% 
295,375 
0.23% 
275,829 
0.21% 
0.00 
155,453 
0.12% 
17,606 
0.01% 
1,008 
0.00% 
101,762 
0.08% 
09.2022 
129,991,241 
1,207,994 
0.93% 
884,267 
0.68% 
238,934 
0.18% 
325,069 
0.25% 
0.00 
52,887 
0.04% 
155,440 
0.12% 
17,606 
0.01% 
99,137 
0.08% 
10.2022 
129,113,595 
1,536,412 
1.19% 
703,094 
0.54% 
491,750 
0.38% 
301,513 
0.23% 
0.00 
134,662 
0.10% 
55,708 
0.04% 
9,291 
0.01% 
101,852 
0.08% 
11.2022 
130,028,870 
1,238,553 
0.95% 
975,223 
0.75% 
338,748 
0.26% 
629,310 
0.48% 
0.00 
367,710 
0.28% 
113,615 
0.09% 
40,418 
0.03% 
107,567 
0.08% 
12.2022 
130,396,526 
1,595,900 
1.22% 
765,487 
0.59% 
365,941 
0.28% 
753,883 
0.58% 
0.00 
227,672 
0.17% 
334,225 
0.26% 
79,251 
0.06% 
112,735 
0.09% 
01.2023 
129,360,831 
1,339,106 
1.04% 
1,188,623 
0.92% 
329,351 
0.25% 
878,478 
0.68% 
0.00 
244,425 
0.19% 
201,167 
0.16% 
253,860 
0.20% 
179,026 
0.14% 
02.2023 
127,942,403 
1,650,855 
1.29% 
1,048,437 
0.82% 
363,273 
0.28% 
861,652 
0.67% 
0.00 
141,737 
0.11% 
195,239 
0.15% 
196,317 
0.15% 
328,359 
0.26% 
03.2023 
128,644,408 
1,468,160 
1.14% 
771,333 
0.60% 
322,361 
0.25% 
799,656 
0.62% 
0.00 
162,017 
0.13% 
87,729 
0.07% 
154,942 
0.12% 
394,968 
0.31% 
04.2023 
126,754,785 
1,242,710 
0.98% 
1,052,171 
0.83% 
383,101 
0.30% 
791,578 
0.62% 
0.00 
166,526 
0.13% 
122,089 
0.10% 
71,891 
0.06% 
431,073 
0.34% 
05.2023 
125,151,792 
1,580,452 
1.26% 
1,015,072 
0.81% 
593,546 
0.47% 
860,504 
0.69% 
0.00 
174,862 
0.14% 
101,432 
0.08% 
168,106 
0.13% 
416,105 
0.33% 
06.2023 
125,379,571 
1,437,176 
1.15% 
802,871 
0.64% 
630,867 
0.50% 
1,033,419 
0.82% 
0.00 
331,097 
0.26% 
101,030 
0.08% 
106,751 
0.09% 
494,541 
0.39% 
 
 
Used LP 
 
Calendar Year/Month 
Principal 
Outstanding 
Delinquent 
balance 1-30  
dpd (£) 
1-30 
dpd (%) 
Delinquent 
balance 31-60  
dpd (£) 
31-60 
dpd (%) 
Delinquent 
balance 61-90  
dpd (£) 
61-90 
dpd (%) 
Delinquent 
balance 91+  
dpd (£) 
91+ 
dpd (%) 
Delinquent 
balance 91-120  
dpd (£) 
91-120 
dpd (%) 
Delinquent 
balance 121-
150 
dpd (£) 
121-
150 
dpd (%) 
Delinquent 
balance 151-
180  
dpd (£) 
151-
180 
dpd (%) 
Delinquent 
balance 180+  
dpd (£) 
180+ 
dpd (%) 
06.2007 
208,518,015 
3,596,026 
1.72% 
1,822,030 
0.87% 
820,376 
0.39% 
1,152,294 
0.55% 
0.00 
409,487 
0.20% 
256,582 
0.12% 
63,001 
0.03% 
423,224 
0.20% 
07.2007 
211,649,039 
4,523,223 
2.14% 
1,894,000 
0.89% 
904,927 
0.43% 
1,223,715 
0.58% 
0.00 
507,409 
0.24% 
197,658 
0.09% 
213,723 
0.10% 
304,925 
0.14% 
08.2007 
213,922,750 
3,941,857 
1.84% 
2,038,397 
0.95% 
1,214,814 
0.57% 
1,143,006 
0.53% 
0.00 
465,674 
0.22% 
215,675 
0.10% 
126,893 
0.06% 
334,764 
0.16% 
09.2007 
215,504,956 
5,058,301 
2.35% 
1,944,909 
0.90% 
848,815 
0.39% 
1,307,656 
0.61% 
0.00 
630,803 
0.29% 
189,969 
0.09% 
173,984 
0.08% 
312,900 
0.15% 
10.2007 
217,307,216 
4,267,554 
1.96% 
1,659,031 
0.76% 
913,267 
0.42% 
1,094,675 
0.50% 
0.00 
393,091 
0.18% 
292,471 
0.13% 
144,220 
0.07% 
264,893 
0.12% 
11.2007 
219,664,553 
4,029,234 
1.83% 
2,278,161 
1.04% 
956,941 
0.44% 
1,146,574 
0.52% 
0.00 
449,903 
0.20% 
202,758 
0.09% 
220,090 
0.10% 
273,822 
0.12% 
12.2007 
220,562,897 
4,253,551 
1.93% 
1,720,465 
0.78% 
1,543,361 
0.70% 
1,320,778 
0.60% 
0.00 
535,901 
0.24% 
250,168 
0.11% 
144,182 
0.07% 
390,527 
0.18% 
01.2008 
225,099,470 
4,160,037 
1.85% 
2,449,144 
1.09% 
1,070,272 
0.48% 
1,585,013 
0.70% 
0.00 
760,251 
0.34% 
329,057 
0.15% 
190,936 
0.08% 
304,769 
0.14% 
02.2008 
226,915,707 
3,690,781 
1.63% 
2,400,360 
1.06% 
1,092,638 
0.48% 
1,345,082 
0.59% 
0.00 
465,412 
0.21% 
390,962 
0.17% 
178,292 
0.08% 
310,416 
0.14% 
03.2008 
229,898,576 
4,918,059 
2.14% 
2,304,879 
1.00% 
899,573 
0.39% 
1,538,220 
0.67% 
0.00 
628,810 
0.27% 
271,321 
0.12% 
289,496 
0.13% 
348,592 
0.15% 
04.2008 
232,227,857 
4,016,656 
1.73% 
2,314,396 
1.00% 
785,568 
0.34% 
1,704,965 
0.73% 
0.00 
792,868 
0.34% 
265,691 
0.11% 
147,710 
0.06% 
498,696 
0.21% 
05.2008 
236,022,126 
5,016,262 
2.13% 
1,995,657 
0.85% 
920,576 
0.39% 
1,758,312 
0.74% 
0.00 
570,555 
0.24% 
478,355 
0.20% 
252,735 
0.11% 
456,667 
0.19% 
06.2008 
237,194,428 
4,315,752 
1.82% 
2,409,043 
1.02% 
1,163,340 
0.49% 
1,601,370 
0.68% 
0.00 
585,920 
0.25% 
324,256 
0.14% 
156,545 
0.07% 
534,649 
0.23% 
07.2008 
235,117,785 
6,058,710 
2.58% 
2,147,803 
0.91% 
1,193,220 
0.51% 
1,565,977 
0.67% 
0.00 
590,438 
0.25% 
237,830 
0.10% 
219,143 
0.09% 
518,566 
0.22% 
08.2008 
233,197,887 
4,398,332 
1.89% 
3,046,186 
1.31% 
1,492,134 
0.64% 
1,803,501 
0.77% 
0.00 
658,380 
0.28% 
363,361 
0.16% 
170,867 
0.07% 
610,894 
0.26% 
09.2008 
231,148,025 
4,783,374 
2.07% 
3,208,050 
1.39% 
1,166,436 
0.50% 
2,091,412 
0.90% 
0.00 
880,191 
0.38% 
411,275 
0.18% 
207,049 
0.09% 
592,898 
0.26% 
10.2008 
227,330,507 
5,327,683 
2.34% 
2,933,859 
1.29% 
1,786,184 
0.79% 
1,791,695 
0.79% 
0.00 
588,137 
0.26% 
521,047 
0.23% 
186,257 
0.08% 
496,255 
0.22% 
11.2008 
224,346,154 
4,480,240 
2.00% 
3,128,087 
1.39% 
1,491,814 
0.66% 
2,185,351 
0.97% 
0.00 
957,896 
0.43% 
368,534 
0.16% 
367,454 
0.16% 
491,468 
0.22% 
12.2008 
220,230,694 
4,890,244 
2.22% 
2,743,681 
1.25% 
1,345,240 
0.61% 
2,216,111 
1.01% 
0.00 
794,673 
0.36% 
597,051 
0.27% 
277,099 
0.13% 
547,289 
0.25% 
01.2009 
216,744,782 
5,529,374 
2.55% 
3,239,689 
1.49% 
1,653,698 
0.76% 
2,335,482 
1.08% 
0.00 
912,085 
0.42% 
576,334 
0.27% 
329,921 
0.15% 
517,142 
0.24% 
02.2009 
212,535,580 
5,519,207 
2.60% 
3,458,684 
1.63% 
1,795,199 
0.84% 
2,141,823 
1.01% 
0.00 
671,266 
0.32% 
602,218 
0.28% 
301,126 
0.14% 
567,213 
0.27% 
03.2009 
207,212,189 
5,778,244 
2.79% 
3,100,134 
1.50% 
1,327,802 
0.64% 
2,147,202 
1.04% 
0.00 
871,017 
0.42% 
398,048 
0.19% 
325,402 
0.16% 
552,735 
0.27% 
04.2009 
202,309,649 
4,798,410 
2.37% 
3,189,452 
1.58% 
1,376,012 
0.68% 
2,004,072 
0.99% 
0.00 
506,291 
0.25% 
503,956 
0.25% 
340,494 
0.17% 
653,331 
0.32% 
05.2009 
197,585,385 
5,426,301 
2.75% 
2,325,473 
1.18% 
1,068,682 
0.54% 
2,179,618 
1.10% 
0.00 
851,231 
0.43% 
281,897 
0.14% 
385,000 
0.19% 
661,491 
0.33% 
06.2009 
193,378,639 
5,674,285 
2.93% 
2,483,742 
1.28% 
1,232,943 
0.64% 
1,757,640 
0.91% 
0.00 
488,513 
0.25% 
450,419 
0.23% 
242,839 
0.13% 
575,869 
0.30% 
07.2009 
189,123,422 
5,867,241 
3.10% 
2,806,049 
1.48% 
1,157,881 
0.61% 
2,078,122 
1.10% 
0.00 
753,573 
0.40% 
361,598 
0.19% 
351,026 
0.19% 
611,925 
0.32% 
08.2009 
184,214,113 
4,565,564 
2.48% 
3,163,556 
1.72% 
849,502 
0.46% 
2,275,739 
1.24% 
0.00 
833,782 
0.45% 
419,612 
0.23% 
295,348 
0.16% 
726,997 
0.39% 
09.2009 
180,700,319 
4,836,662 
2.68% 
2,625,555 
1.45% 
1,291,856 
0.71% 
1,851,898 
1.02% 
0.00 
470,033 
0.26% 
433,057 
0.24% 
272,441 
0.15% 
676,366 
0.37% 
10.2009 
177,413,044 
5,541,572 
3.12% 
2,349,719 
1.32% 
980,578 
0.55% 
1,854,729 
1.05% 
0.00 
730,052 
0.41% 
244,090 
0.14% 
325,068 
0.18% 
555,518 
0.31% 
11.2009 
174,514,502 
4,507,904 
2.58% 
2,756,917 
1.58% 
1,157,416 
0.66% 
1,625,158 
0.93% 
0.00 
469,892 
0.27% 
421,930 
0.24% 
176,180 
0.10% 
557,156 
0.32%

--- Page 146 ---
- 135 - 
 
 
 
Calendar Year/Month 
Principal 
Outstanding 
Delinquent 
balance 1-30  
dpd (£) 
1-30 
dpd (%) 
Delinquent 
balance 31-60  
dpd (£) 
31-60 
dpd (%) 
Delinquent 
balance 61-90  
dpd (£) 
61-90 
dpd (%) 
Delinquent 
balance 91+  
dpd (£) 
91+ 
dpd (%) 
Delinquent 
balance 91-120  
dpd (£) 
91-120 
dpd (%) 
Delinquent 
balance 121-
150 
dpd (£) 
121-
150 
dpd (%) 
Delinquent 
balance 151-
180  
dpd (£) 
151-
180 
dpd (%) 
Delinquent 
balance 180+  
dpd (£) 
180+ 
dpd (%) 
12.2009 
170,863,566 
5,043,812 
2.95% 
2,695,351 
1.58% 
1,348,232 
0.79% 
1,643,055 
0.96% 
0.00 
706,870 
0.41% 
204,455 
0.12% 
214,644 
0.13% 
517,085 
0.30% 
01.2010 
168,026,806 
4,844,322 
2.88% 
2,698,303 
1.61% 
1,430,276 
0.85% 
1,739,499 
1.04% 
0.00 
874,308 
0.52% 
345,606 
0.21% 
109,293 
0.07% 
410,292 
0.24% 
02.2010 
165,093,414 
4,313,432 
2.61% 
3,047,675 
1.85% 
1,159,607 
0.70% 
1,404,109 
0.85% 
0.00 
648,713 
0.39% 
290,215 
0.18% 
125,848 
0.08% 
339,333 
0.21% 
03.2010 
161,288,197 
4,391,132 
2.72% 
2,988,214 
1.85% 
767,877 
0.48% 
1,448,663 
0.90% 
0.00 
500,577 
0.31% 
357,541 
0.22% 
212,317 
0.13% 
378,227 
0.23% 
04.2010 
157,550,123 
4,158,711 
2.64% 
2,209,684 
1.40% 
1,110,424 
0.70% 
1,400,417 
0.89% 
0.00 
442,883 
0.28% 
320,918 
0.20% 
244,991 
0.16% 
391,625 
0.25% 
05.2010 
154,175,546 
3,940,317 
2.56% 
1,554,733 
1.01% 
1,031,657 
0.67% 
1,617,297 
1.05% 
0.00 
656,167 
0.43% 
275,993 
0.18% 
317,948 
0.21% 
367,190 
0.24% 
06.2010 
151,714,279 
3,911,425 
2.58% 
1,756,719 
1.16% 
823,795 
0.54% 
1,580,031 
1.04% 
0.00 
596,119 
0.39% 
348,625 
0.23% 
175,339 
0.12% 
459,946 
0.30% 
07.2010 
153,503,558 
4,112,457 
2.68% 
1,364,747 
0.89% 
627,482 
0.41% 
1,559,956 
1.02% 
0.00 
477,236 
0.31% 
317,532 
0.21% 
264,977 
0.17% 
500,212 
0.33% 
08.2010 
157,191,469 
2,966,417 
1.89% 
1,834,385 
1.17% 
680,407 
0.43% 
1,462,049 
0.93% 
0.00 
355,503 
0.23% 
308,622 
0.20% 
286,683 
0.18% 
511,241 
0.33% 
09.2010 
159,011,662 
3,375,792 
2.12% 
1,581,479 
0.99% 
688,307 
0.43% 
1,363,130 
0.86% 
0.00 
324,418 
0.20% 
208,366 
0.13% 
252,360 
0.16% 
577,986 
0.36% 
10.2010 
160,329,124 
3,572,211 
2.23% 
1,458,623 
0.91% 
596,161 
0.37% 
1,570,739 
0.98% 
0.00 
584,709 
0.36% 
178,768 
0.11% 
180,064 
0.11% 
627,198 
0.39% 
11.2010 
161,321,471 
3,544,380 
2.20% 
1,521,382 
0.94% 
741,979 
0.46% 
1,298,897 
0.81% 
0.00 
167,900 
0.10% 
366,705 
0.23% 
141,276 
0.09% 
623,017 
0.39% 
12.2010 
161,843,722 
3,647,459 
2.25% 
1,715,686 
1.06% 
744,508 
0.46% 
1,454,369 
0.90% 
0.00 
408,948 
0.25% 
195,121 
0.12% 
246,051 
0.15% 
604,249 
0.37% 
01.2011 
163,383,916 
3,028,143 
1.85% 
1,607,021 
0.98% 
887,326 
0.54% 
1,544,176 
0.95% 
0.00 
439,855 
0.27% 
311,094 
0.19% 
137,172 
0.08% 
656,055 
0.40% 
02.2011 
164,924,852 
3,216,031 
1.95% 
1,409,930 
0.85% 
780,438 
0.47% 
1,326,103 
0.80% 
0.00 
284,398 
0.17% 
303,769 
0.18% 
189,651 
0.11% 
548,284 
0.33% 
03.2011 
167,303,499 
3,813,888 
2.28% 
1,562,180 
0.93% 
482,265 
0.29% 
1,216,399 
0.73% 
0.00 
297,655 
0.18% 
167,339 
0.10% 
225,254 
0.13% 
526,152 
0.31% 
04.2011 
168,602,308 
2,953,138 
1.75% 
1,665,980 
0.99% 
657,965 
0.39% 
1,228,832 
0.73% 
0.00 
341,184 
0.20% 
223,329 
0.13% 
113,523 
0.07% 
550,795 
0.33% 
05.2011 
171,171,160 
3,151,322 
1.84% 
1,148,293 
0.67% 
695,015 
0.41% 
1,248,335 
0.73% 
0.00 
346,850 
0.20% 
227,836 
0.13% 
149,189 
0.09% 
524,460 
0.31% 
06.2011 
171,486,142 
2,873,169 
1.68% 
1,017,942 
0.59% 
654,925 
0.38% 
1,129,035 
0.66% 
0.00 
257,715 
0.15% 
260,305 
0.15% 
149,936 
0.09% 
461,079 
0.27% 
07.2011 
172,679,997 
3,035,779 
1.76% 
955,050 
0.55% 
449,888 
0.26% 
1,231,833 
0.71% 
0.00 
360,103 
0.21% 
160,852 
0.09% 
201,940 
0.12% 
508,938 
0.29% 
08.2011 
173,929,498 
2,840,046 
1.63% 
900,001 
0.52% 
462,104 
0.27% 
1,087,382 
0.63% 
0.00 
361,103 
0.21% 
160,486 
0.09% 
195,624 
0.11% 
370,169 
0.21% 
09.2011 
175,404,965 
2,663,705 
1.52% 
1,121,150 
0.64% 
528,703 
0.30% 
929,973 
0.53% 
0.00 
250,407 
0.14% 
166,372 
0.09% 
58,772 
0.03% 
454,422 
0.26% 
10.2011 
175,366,587 
3,295,248 
1.88% 
988,334 
0.56% 
485,071 
0.28% 
964,306 
0.55% 
0.00 
282,046 
0.16% 
158,728 
0.09% 
129,840 
0.07% 
393,692 
0.22% 
11.2011 
176,540,721 
2,563,173 
1.45% 
883,608 
0.50% 
506,628 
0.29% 
967,949 
0.55% 
0.00 
212,814 
0.12% 
244,246 
0.14% 
109,806 
0.06% 
401,082 
0.23% 
12.2011 
176,219,566 
3,007,639 
1.71% 
1,042,702 
0.59% 
360,748 
0.20% 
1,071,796 
0.61% 
0.00 
346,010 
0.20% 
186,958 
0.11% 
123,767 
0.07% 
415,060 
0.24% 
01.2012 
177,830,194 
2,739,485 
1.54% 
1,306,019 
0.73% 
470,297 
0.26% 
980,432 
0.55% 
0.00 
221,320 
0.12% 
296,853 
0.17% 
107,446 
0.06% 
354,813 
0.20% 
02.2012 
179,115,996 
2,644,543 
1.48% 
916,544 
0.51% 
580,495 
0.32% 
893,306 
0.50% 
0.00 
280,636 
0.16% 
103,822 
0.06% 
133,758 
0.07% 
375,091 
0.21% 
03.2012 
179,354,098 
2,873,675 
1.60% 
1,247,697 
0.70% 
258,620 
0.14% 
873,169 
0.49% 
0.00 
358,056 
0.20% 
126,218 
0.07% 
74,124 
0.04% 
314,771 
0.18% 
04.2012 
179,218,085 
2,851,633 
1.59% 
1,075,361 
0.60% 
522,863 
0.29% 
938,664 
0.52% 
0.00 
217,561 
0.12% 
279,913 
0.16% 
94,284 
0.05% 
346,906 
0.19% 
05.2012 
178,772,794 
3,973,203 
2.22% 
893,296 
0.50% 
362,946 
0.20% 
957,284 
0.54% 
0.00 
325,748 
0.18% 
128,477 
0.07% 
174,374 
0.10% 
328,685 
0.18% 
06.2012 
178,583,104 
2,922,119 
1.64% 
1,066,256 
0.60% 
558,132 
0.31% 
721,475 
0.40% 
0.00 
146,114 
0.08% 
174,681 
0.10% 
50,710 
0.03% 
349,970 
0.20% 
07.2012 
178,902,468 
2,872,953 
1.61% 
1,142,326 
0.64% 
439,416 
0.25% 
783,834 
0.44% 
0.00 
276,624 
0.15% 
93,217 
0.05% 
113,686 
0.06% 
300,308 
0.17% 
08.2012 
180,834,809 
2,547,081 
1.41% 
888,772 
0.49% 
527,145 
0.29% 
782,334 
0.43% 
0.00 
163,567 
0.09% 
205,486 
0.11% 
83,287 
0.05% 
329,993 
0.18% 
09.2012 
182,046,414 
2,574,007 
1.41% 
1,025,258 
0.56% 
416,980 
0.23% 
871,959 
0.48% 
0.00 
332,066 
0.18% 
66,962 
0.04% 
136,253 
0.07% 
336,679 
0.18% 
10.2012 
181,421,948 
3,100,622 
1.71% 
725,521 
0.40% 
292,486 
0.16% 
861,157 
0.47% 
0.00 
380,406 
0.21% 
99,178 
0.05% 
52,921 
0.03% 
328,652 
0.18% 
11.2012 
181,568,600 
2,791,013 
1.54% 
748,957 
0.41% 
448,637 
0.25% 
790,071 
0.44% 
0.00 
267,626 
0.15% 
159,778 
0.09% 
63,219 
0.03% 
299,448 
0.16% 
12.2012 
182,661,535 
2,729,560 
1.49% 
874,228 
0.48% 
259,624 
0.14% 
834,271 
0.46% 
0.00 
346,938 
0.19% 
53,749 
0.03% 
113,465 
0.06% 
320,119 
0.18% 
01.2013 
182,938,873 
3,183,935 
1.74% 
845,924 
0.46% 
451,292 
0.25% 
829,446 
0.45% 
0.00 
256,624 
0.14% 
209,703 
0.11% 
10,893 
0.01% 
352,227 
0.19% 
02.2013 
184,625,553 
2,045,997 
1.11% 
995,427 
0.54% 
420,582 
0.23% 
702,218 
0.38% 
0.00 
201,117 
0.11% 
95,005 
0.05% 
117,988 
0.06% 
288,108 
0.16% 
03.2013 
187,988,732 
10,135,792 
5.39% 
1,076,366 
0.57% 
508,248 
0.27% 
729,307 
0.39% 
0.00 
221,558 
0.12% 
73,244 
0.04% 
57,325 
0.03% 
377,180 
0.20% 
04.2013 
190,862,869 
2,677,557 
1.40% 
794,150 
0.42% 
523,378 
0.27% 
671,273 
0.35% 
0.00 
167,480 
0.09% 
153,192 
0.08% 
33,432 
0.02% 
317,169 
0.17% 
05.2013 
191,699,729 
2,857,713 
1.49% 
932,284 
0.49% 
616,572 
0.32% 
682,086 
0.36% 
0.00 
274,931 
0.14% 
99,636 
0.05% 
89,611 
0.05% 
217,908 
0.11% 
06.2013 
194,171,702 
2,478,976 
1.28% 
990,231 
0.51% 
658,295 
0.34% 
732,037 
0.38% 
0.00 
304,191 
0.16% 
85,874 
0.04% 
57,455 
0.03% 
284,517 
0.15% 
07.2013 
194,999,731 
3,776,858 
1.94% 
1,368,124 
0.70% 
391,713 
0.20% 
886,135 
0.45% 
0.00 
419,074 
0.21% 
147,157 
0.08% 
45,178 
0.02% 
274,726 
0.14% 
08.2013 
194,746,392 
2,586,234 
1.33% 
1,184,327 
0.61% 
635,687 
0.33% 
691,177 
0.35% 
0.00 
259,072 
0.13% 
59,432 
0.03% 
132,016 
0.07% 
240,657 
0.12% 
09.2013 
193,593,332 
2,342,992 
1.21% 
1,435,079 
0.74% 
580,173 
0.30% 
851,705 
0.44% 
0.00 
401,104 
0.21% 
115,656 
0.06% 
42,852 
0.02% 
292,093 
0.15% 
10.2013 
191,000,289 
2,195,454 
1.15% 
1,002,433 
0.52% 
603,876 
0.32% 
992,498 
0.52% 
0.00 
291,459 
0.15% 
332,473 
0.17% 
60,140 
0.03% 
308,426 
0.16% 
11.2013 
188,384,834 
1,584,246 
0.84% 
930,323 
0.49% 
409,826 
0.22% 
1,276,555 
0.68% 
0.00 
513,990 
0.27% 
189,116 
0.10% 
286,066 
0.15% 
287,383 
0.15% 
12.2013 
185,752,133 
2,425,561 
1.31% 
794,737 
0.43% 
352,239 
0.19% 
889,035 
0.48% 
0.00 
128,477 
0.07% 
362,083 
0.19% 
127,531 
0.07% 
270,943 
0.15% 
01.2014 
183,735,677 
2,184,147 
1.19% 
861,230 
0.47% 
465,874 
0.25% 
774,668 
0.42% 
0.00 
182,339 
0.10% 
113,109 
0.06% 
168,097 
0.09% 
311,123 
0.17% 
02.2014 
181,205,542 
1,851,255 
1.02% 
662,770 
0.37% 
271,707 
0.15% 
712,493 
0.39% 
0.00 
150,899 
0.08% 
117,226 
0.06% 
90,491 
0.05% 
353,877 
0.20% 
03.2014 
178,376,727 
1,948,948 
1.09% 
1,078,724 
0.60% 
201,427 
0.11% 
693,064 
0.39% 
0.00 
162,558 
0.09% 
136,660 
0.08% 
102,270 
0.06% 
291,576 
0.16% 
04.2014 
176,623,256 
2,246,565 
1.27% 
663,445 
0.38% 
546,508 
0.31% 
704,421 
0.40% 
0.00 
169,199 
0.10% 
74,165 
0.04% 
124,340 
0.07% 
336,717 
0.19% 
05.2014 
175,756,933 
2,576,487 
1.47% 
491,131 
0.28% 
255,927 
0.15% 
878,789 
0.50% 
0.00 
445,991 
0.25% 
76,993 
0.04% 
43,244 
0.02% 
312,560 
0.18% 
06.2014 
175,180,204 
1,700,059 
0.97% 
786,188 
0.45% 
235,474 
0.13% 
690,801 
0.39% 
0.00 
133,096 
0.08% 
219,095 
0.13% 
64,769 
0.04% 
273,840 
0.16% 
07.2014 
174,891,992 
2,054,781 
1.17% 
694,362 
0.40% 
313,479 
0.18% 
554,530 
0.32% 
0.00 
182,808 
0.10% 
81,406 
0.05% 
47,883 
0.03% 
242,432 
0.14% 
08.2014 
173,831,531 
1,745,292 
1.00% 
752,572 
0.43% 
358,984 
0.21% 
615,689 
0.35% 
0.00 
196,741 
0.11% 
116,256 
0.07% 
71,085 
0.04% 
231,607 
0.13% 
09.2014 
173,257,856 
2,027,374 
1.17% 
860,631 
0.50% 
261,688 
0.15% 
722,884 
0.42% 
0.00 
184,941 
0.11% 
202,883 
0.12% 
98,766 
0.06% 
236,294 
0.14% 
10.2014 
172,627,769 
1,842,375 
1.07% 
561,544 
0.33% 
336,894 
0.20% 
761,582 
0.44% 
0.00 
90,507 
0.05% 
187,771 
0.11% 
176,024 
0.10% 
307,280 
0.18% 
11.2014 
171,135,100 
1,520,428 
0.89% 
752,756 
0.44% 
173,379 
0.10% 
633,766 
0.37% 
0.00 
123,538 
0.07% 
55,425 
0.03% 
122,898 
0.07% 
331,904 
0.19% 
12.2014 
172,918,101 
1,890,838 
1.09% 
823,528 
0.48% 
543,720 
0.31% 
485,070 
0.28% 
0.00 
122,612 
0.07% 
60,868 
0.04% 
8,733 
0.01% 
292,858 
0.17% 
01.2015 
172,547,378 
1,675,938 
0.97% 
687,847 
0.40% 
624,750 
0.36% 
747,146 
0.43% 
0.00 
379,008 
0.22% 
81,310 
0.05% 
46,230 
0.03% 
240,599 
0.14% 
02.2015 
173,516,709 
1,072,799 
0.62% 
1,148,607 
0.66% 
422,707 
0.24% 
891,169 
0.51% 
0.00 
304,200 
0.18% 
242,617 
0.14% 
63,148 
0.04% 
281,203 
0.16% 
03.2015 
175,246,332 
1,839,987 
1.05% 
768,326 
0.44% 
549,012 
0.31% 
925,194 
0.53% 
0.00 
374,105 
0.21% 
107,795 
0.06% 
206,620 
0.12% 
236,675 
0.14% 
04.2015 
176,354,446 
302,822 
0.17% 
380,393 
0.22% 
333,818 
0.19% 
1,135,342 
0.64% 
0.00 
341,624 
0.19% 
272,172 
0.15% 
61,531 
0.03% 
460,015 
0.26% 
05.2015 
177,232,951 
1,917,731 
1.08% 
478,802 
0.27% 
266,158 
0.15% 
1,082,967 
0.61% 
0.00 
316,513 
0.18% 
341,388 
0.19% 
209,407 
0.12% 
215,659 
0.12% 
06.2015 
177,848,145 
2,530,122 
1.42% 
555,211 
0.31% 
181,854 
0.10% 
949,082 
0.53% 
0.00 
233,995 
0.13% 
154,664 
0.09% 
281,382 
0.16% 
279,042 
0.16% 
07.2015 
175,462,628 
2,062,684 
1.18% 
427,096 
0.24% 
303,630 
0.17% 
631,514 
0.36% 
0.00 
214,375 
0.12% 
121,326 
0.07% 
89,351 
0.05% 
206,462 
0.12% 
08.2015 
170,939,510 
1,192,180 
0.70% 
706,511 
0.41% 
281,928 
0.16% 
724,713 
0.42% 
0.00 
231,316 
0.14% 
142,484 
0.08% 
81,840 
0.05% 
269,074 
0.16% 
09.2015 
165,066,248 
2,165,144 
1.31% 
335,745 
0.20% 
326,049 
0.20% 
646,614 
0.39% 
0.00 
187,292 
0.11% 
85,067 
0.05% 
102,024 
0.06% 
272,232 
0.16% 
10.2015 
159,692,178 
1,445,849 
0.91% 
552,344 
0.35% 
182,919 
0.11% 
749,229 
0.47% 
0.00 
245,931 
0.15% 
73,150 
0.05% 
81,075 
0.05% 
349,073 
0.22% 
11.2015 
153,238,584 
1,260,517 
0.82% 
332,848 
0.22% 
298,805 
0.19% 
559,255 
0.36% 
0.00 
78,687 
0.05% 
193,325 
0.13% 
50,327 
0.03% 
236,916 
0.15% 
12.2015 
148,206,522 
1,171,977 
0.79% 
494,087 
0.33% 
179,045 
0.12% 
559,741 
0.38% 
0.00 
178,052 
0.12% 
85,418 
0.06% 
78,472 
0.05% 
217,798 
0.15% 
01.2016 
142,909,965 
923,983 
0.65% 
293,773 
0.21% 
343,865 
0.24% 
494,585 
0.35% 
0.00 
116,588 
0.08% 
115,354 
0.08% 
98,715 
0.07% 
163,929 
0.11%

--- Page 147 ---
- 136 - 
 
 
 
Calendar Year/Month 
Principal 
Outstanding 
Delinquent 
balance 1-30  
dpd (£) 
1-30 
dpd (%) 
Delinquent 
balance 31-60  
dpd (£) 
31-60 
dpd (%) 
Delinquent 
balance 61-90  
dpd (£) 
61-90 
dpd (%) 
Delinquent 
balance 91+  
dpd (£) 
91+ 
dpd (%) 
Delinquent 
balance 91-120  
dpd (£) 
91-120 
dpd (%) 
Delinquent 
balance 121-
150 
dpd (£) 
121-
150 
dpd (%) 
Delinquent 
balance 151-
180  
dpd (£) 
151-
180 
dpd (%) 
Delinquent 
balance 180+  
dpd (£) 
180+ 
dpd (%) 
02.2016 
136,178,011 
1,120,190 
0.82% 
339,539 
0.25% 
267,285 
0.20% 
439,252 
0.32% 
0.00 
171,274 
0.13% 
83,720 
0.06% 
63,452 
0.05% 
120,806 
0.09% 
03.2016 
130,259,926 
1,756,062 
1.35% 
449,375 
0.34% 
188,378 
0.14% 
393,486 
0.30% 
0.00 
110,776 
0.09% 
95,078 
0.07% 
77,857 
0.06% 
109,775 
0.08% 
04.2016 
125,572,462 
810,434 
0.65% 
783,160 
0.62% 
122,061 
0.10% 
303,415 
0.24% 
0.00 
90,604 
0.07% 
68,670 
0.05% 
11,707 
0.01% 
132,434 
0.11% 
05.2016 
121,231,379 
1,576,009 
1.30% 
362,301 
0.30% 
457,257 
0.38% 
309,521 
0.26% 
0.00 
126,569 
0.10% 
26,543 
0.02% 
80,719 
0.07% 
75,690 
0.06% 
06.2016 
116,168,333 
1,224,920 
1.05% 
739,788 
0.64% 
87,600 
0.08% 
349,554 
0.30% 
0.00 
188,706 
0.16% 
37,875 
0.03% 
14,534 
0.01% 
108,439 
0.09% 
07.2016 
113,010,373 
1,204,531 
1.07% 
601,227 
0.53% 
250,347 
0.22% 
312,073 
0.28% 
0.00 
59,541 
0.05% 
162,961 
0.14% 
51,235 
0.05% 
38,336 
0.03% 
08.2016 
109,182,370 
1,106,304 
1.01% 
585,263 
0.54% 
244,161 
0.22% 
233,596 
0.21% 
0.00 
126,899 
0.12% 
15,976 
0.01% 
41,476 
0.04% 
49,245 
0.05% 
09.2016 
104,317,567 
1,112,928 
1.07% 
690,629 
0.66% 
192,570 
0.18% 
186,340 
0.18% 
0.00 
42,696 
0.04% 
66,253 
0.06% 
3,201 
0.00% 
74,190 
0.07% 
10.2016 
98,771,168 
847,305 
0.86% 
599,676 
0.61% 
358,277 
0.36% 
152,009 
0.15% 
0.00 
44,304 
0.04% 
8,701 
0.01% 
41,616 
0.04% 
57,388 
0.06% 
11.2016 
93,692,832 
1,026,723 
1.10% 
742,490 
0.79% 
153,030 
0.16% 
314,260 
0.34% 
0.00 
189,225 
0.20% 
16,703 
0.02% 
8,528 
0.01% 
99,804 
0.11% 
12.2016 
89,555,346 
699,625 
0.78% 
595,373 
0.66% 
283,815 
0.32% 
199,966 
0.22% 
0.00 
39,104 
0.04% 
90,758 
0.10% 
6,755 
0.01% 
63,350 
0.07% 
01.2017 
86,489,840 
931,581 
1.08% 
645,417 
0.75% 
149,324 
0.17% 
320,564 
0.37% 
0.00 
184,917 
0.21% 
38,363 
0.04% 
29,208 
0.03% 
68,076 
0.08% 
02.2017 
83,258,025 
942,590 
1.13% 
536,512 
0.64% 
251,716 
0.30% 
268,435 
0.32% 
0.00 
1,024 
0.00% 
185,477 
0.22% 
30,159 
0.04% 
51,775 
0.06% 
03.2017 
80,726,964 
1,047,557 
1.30% 
475,927 
0.59% 
117,794 
0.15% 
293,051 
0.36% 
0.00 
80,051 
0.10% 
55,198 
0.07% 
83,497 
0.10% 
74,304 
0.09% 
04.2017 
78,775,991 
1,328,964 
1.69% 
542,091 
0.69% 
219,774 
0.28% 
303,106 
0.38% 
0.00 
20,024 
0.03% 
79,206 
0.10% 
67,832 
0.09% 
136,044 
0.17% 
05.2017 
75,766,250 
1,628,974 
2.15% 
597,422 
0.79% 
138,826 
0.18% 
405,646 
0.54% 
0.00 
172,758 
0.23% 
19,298 
0.03% 
49,867 
0.07% 
163,724 
0.22% 
06.2017 
73,852,305 
1,252,803 
1.70% 
451,355 
0.61% 
116,718 
0.16% 
347,001 
0.47% 
0.00 
143,113 
0.19% 
26,415 
0.04% 
31,051 
0.04% 
146,423 
0.20% 
07.2017 
72,816,185 
1,147,370 
1.58% 
547,743 
0.75% 
226,465 
0.31% 
247,845 
0.34% 
0.00 
70,431 
0.10% 
3,369 
0.00% 
14,067 
0.02% 
159,979 
0.22% 
08.2017 
72,192,001 
1,097,122 
1.52% 
705,219 
0.98% 
102,493 
0.14% 
262,487 
0.36% 
0.00 
40,788 
0.06% 
55,241 
0.08% 
3,369 
0.00% 
163,089 
0.23% 
09.2017 
70,852,070 
587,343 
0.83% 
911,504 
1.29% 
156,154 
0.22% 
223,868 
0.32% 
0.00 
42,111 
0.06% 
1,281 
0.00% 
26,238 
0.04% 
154,237 
0.22% 
10.2017 
69,180,531 
1,268,702 
1.83% 
197,930 
0.29% 
400,504 
0.58% 
337,799 
0.49% 
0.00 
110,121 
0.16% 
34,794 
0.05% 
1,281 
0.00% 
191,603 
0.28% 
11.2017 
68,439,428 
1,188,290 
1.74% 
388,223 
0.57% 
195,848 
0.29% 
525,836 
0.77% 
0.00 
219,785 
0.32% 
110,121 
0.16% 
7,064 
0.01% 
188,866 
0.28% 
12.2017 
67,636,475 
1,488,197 
2.20% 
299,526 
0.44% 
200,433 
0.30% 
550,721 
0.81% 
0.00 
215,974 
0.32% 
71,648 
0.11% 
111,511 
0.16% 
151,587 
0.22% 
01.2018 
66,041,667 
1,006,711 
1.52% 
649,509 
0.98% 
147,591 
0.22% 
396,848 
0.60% 
0.00 
82,914 
0.13% 
55,911 
0.08% 
11,252 
0.02% 
246,771 
0.37% 
02.2018 
63,978,061 
897,485 
1.40% 
476,483 
0.74% 
401,488 
0.63% 
328,536 
0.51% 
0.00 
27,438 
0.04% 
48,126 
0.08% 
19,691 
0.03% 
233,281 
0.36% 
03.2018 
63,369,622 
816,708 
1.29% 
486,751 
0.77% 
131,780 
0.21% 
517,227 
0.82% 
0.00 
244,045 
0.39% 
17,480 
0.03% 
11,661 
0.02% 
244,040 
0.39% 
04.2018 
62,490,039 
991,402 
1.59% 
445,255 
0.71% 
282,255 
0.45% 
336,438 
0.54% 
0.00 
25,546 
0.04% 
63,175 
0.10% 
7,189 
0.01% 
240,529 
0.38% 
05.2018 
61,303,307 
1,165,907 
1.90% 
541,919 
0.88% 
195,902 
0.32% 
466,909 
0.76% 
0.00 
127,459 
0.21% 
43,778 
0.07% 
57,494 
0.09% 
238,178 
0.39% 
06.2018 
61,027,663 
878,067 
1.44% 
614,927 
1.01% 
217,108 
0.36% 
503,088 
0.82% 
0.00 
113,679 
0.19% 
84,745 
0.14% 
43,778 
0.07% 
260,886 
0.43% 
07.2018 
60,636,403 
1,321,150 
2.18% 
519,161 
0.86% 
245,617 
0.41% 
507,741 
0.84% 
0.00 
99,445 
0.16% 
89,273 
0.15% 
46,835 
0.08% 
272,188 
0.45% 
08.2018 
60,151,896 
1,037,524 
1.72% 
823,298 
1.37% 
156,922 
0.26% 
541,871 
0.90% 
0.00 
105,739 
0.18% 
68,304 
0.11% 
90,551 
0.15% 
277,277 
0.46% 
09.2018 
59,883,645 
635,102 
1.06% 
977,083 
1.63% 
243,595 
0.41% 
512,896 
0.86% 
0.00 
94,563 
0.16% 
44,202 
0.07% 
67,419 
0.11% 
306,713 
0.51% 
10.2018 
59,435,773 
1,064,598 
1.79% 
437,270 
0.74% 
378,093 
0.64% 
453,898 
0.76% 
0.00 
122,611 
0.21% 
26,268 
0.04% 
21,156 
0.04% 
283,863 
0.48% 
11.2018 
59,195,257 
967,426 
1.63% 
633,923 
1.07% 
165,638 
0.28% 
716,632 
1.21% 
0.00 
270,762 
0.46% 
105,805 
0.18% 
42,334 
0.07% 
297,731 
0.50% 
12.2018 
58,801,227 
1,288,415 
2.19% 
624,503 
1.06% 
207,830 
0.35% 
550,512 
0.94% 
0.00 
97,432 
0.17% 
50,789 
0.09% 
112,426 
0.19% 
289,864 
0.49% 
01.2019 
59,087,863 
1,087,982 
1.84% 
1,073,874 
1.82% 
371,633 
0.63% 
551,102 
0.93% 
0.00 
105,528 
0.18% 
3,269 
0.01% 
53,408 
0.09% 
388,897 
0.66% 
02.2019 
59,015,510 
819,171 
1.39% 
1,054,504 
1.79% 
332,472 
0.56% 
549,584 
0.93% 
0.00 
99,707 
0.17% 
56,435 
0.10% 
8,632 
0.01% 
384,809 
0.65% 
03.2019 
59,006,108 
591,224 
1.00% 
659,325 
1.12% 
308,721 
0.52% 
526,235 
0.89% 
0.00 
63,677 
0.11% 
31,773 
0.05% 
46,438 
0.08% 
384,348 
0.65% 
04.2019 
58,632,842 
853,322 
1.46% 
452,478 
0.77% 
401,205 
0.68% 
621,152 
1.06% 
0.00 
139,274 
0.24% 
29,602 
0.05% 
31,773 
0.05% 
420,503 
0.72% 
05.2019 
57,869,593 
1,030,606 
1.78% 
555,697 
0.96% 
241,955 
0.42% 
315,587 
0.55% 
0.00 
45,428 
0.08% 
19,595 
0.03% 
28,703 
0.05% 
221,861 
0.38% 
06.2019 
58,695,909 
652,535 
1.11% 
631,168 
1.08% 
130,982 
0.22% 
257,503 
0.44% 
0.00 
20,956 
0.04% 
7,963 
0.01% 
22,351 
0.04% 
206,233 
0.35% 
07.2019 
59,240,922 
944,680 
1.59% 
483,875 
0.82% 
180,728 
0.31% 
290,275 
0.49% 
0.00 
66,343 
0.11% 
5,135 
0.01% 
7,333 
0.01% 
211,465 
0.36% 
08.2019 
59,544,172 
1,355,178 
2.28% 
458,649 
0.77% 
212,443 
0.36% 
295,363 
0.50% 
0.00 
39,852 
0.07% 
35,798 
0.06% 
5,135 
0.01% 
214,578 
0.36% 
09.2019 
61,191,424 
1,004,247 
1.64% 
860,828 
1.41% 
147,311 
0.24% 
209,333 
0.34% 
0.00 
57,496 
0.09% 
6,864 
0.01% 
6,191 
0.01% 
138,782 
0.23% 
10.2019 
61,291,610 
763,531 
1.25% 
656,211 
1.07% 
213,680 
0.35% 
203,387 
0.33% 
0.00 
53,117 
0.09% 
26,185 
0.04% 
6,864 
0.01% 
117,222 
0.19% 
11.2019 
61,876,865 
904,813 
1.46% 
560,780 
0.91% 
191,961 
0.31% 
196,629 
0.32% 
0.00 
80,332 
0.13% 
4,834 
0.01% 
26,185 
0.04% 
85,278 
0.14% 
12.2019 
62,009,987 
922,128 
1.49% 
418,874 
0.68% 
241,589 
0.39% 
146,635 
0.24% 
0.00 
28,775 
0.05% 
43,454 
0.07% 
4,644 
0.01% 
69,761 
0.11% 
01.2020 
63,101,311 
862,856 
1.37% 
791,790 
1.25% 
216,653 
0.34% 
210,449 
0.33% 
0.00 
87,920 
0.14% 
17,789 
0.03% 
43,454 
0.07% 
61,285 
0.10% 
02.2020 
63,887,967 
891,296 
1.40% 
573,758 
0.90% 
279,076 
0.44% 
172,168 
0.27% 
0.00 
40,160 
0.06% 
22,035 
0.03% 
15,374 
0.02% 
94,598 
0.15% 
03.2020 
63,411,901 
2,025,267 
3.19% 
683,970 
1.08% 
134,553 
0.21% 
186,064 
0.29% 
0.00 
124,329 
0.20% 
656 
0.00% 
4,683 
0.01% 
56,396 
0.09% 
04.2020 
62,039,241 
3,240,609 
5.22% 
1,914,117 
3.09% 
301,498 
0.49% 
262,625 
0.42% 
0.00 
81,713 
0.13% 
72,785 
0.12% 
51,670 
0.08% 
56,457 
0.09% 
05.2020 
60,778,713 
1,703,921 
2.80% 
2,077,547 
3.42% 
1,392,764 
2.29% 
465,518 
0.77% 
0.00 
204,739 
0.34% 
48,264 
0.08% 
106,877 
0.18% 
105,638 
0.17% 
06.2020 
62,489,276 
1,328,194 
2.13% 
780,808 
1.25% 
1,699,331 
2.72% 
1,220,892 
1.95% 
0.00 
909,150 
1.45% 
136,598 
0.22% 
49,418 
0.08% 
125,726 
0.20% 
07.2020 
62,727,294 
1,102,177 
1.76% 
717,236 
1.14% 
432,774 
0.69% 
2,067,724 
3.30% 
0.00 
1,413,181 
2.25% 
425,371 
0.68% 
97,889 
0.16% 
131,284 
0.21% 
08.2020 
63,360,785 
947,904 
1.50% 
590,734 
0.93% 
356,955 
0.56% 
1,952,958 
3.08% 
0.00 
466,501 
0.74% 
1,090,183 
1.72% 
310,861 
0.49% 
85,412 
0.13% 
09.2020 
62,681,273 
763,467 
1.22% 
643,515 
1.03% 
639,417 
1.02% 
1,593,717 
2.54% 
0.00 
392,748 
0.63% 
192,465 
0.31% 
679,926 
1.08% 
328,578 
0.52% 
10.2020 
62,961,337 
1,138,552 
1.81% 
499,648 
0.79% 
512,034 
0.81% 
1,647,689 
2.62% 
0.00 
521,806 
0.83% 
102,021 
0.16% 
152,761 
0.24% 
871,100 
1.38% 
11.2020 
62,847,203 
825,026 
1.31% 
907,289 
1.44% 
484,462 
0.77% 
1,532,182 
2.44% 
0.00 
381,331 
0.61% 
178,235 
0.28% 
131,689 
0.21% 
840,926 
1.34% 
12.2020 
62,857,104 
918,292 
1.46% 
800,347 
1.27% 
617,153 
0.98% 
1,372,787 
2.18% 
0.00 
308,878 
0.49% 
73,157 
0.12% 
168,331 
0.27% 
822,421 
1.31% 
01.2021 
62,614,787 
674,765 
1.08% 
676,224 
1.08% 
621,687 
0.99% 
1,392,336 
2.22% 
0.00 
340,177 
0.54% 
113,335 
0.18% 
79,694 
0.13% 
859,131 
1.37% 
02.2021 
62,769,375 
614,868 
0.98% 
620,545 
0.99% 
371,271 
0.59% 
1,485,379 
2.37% 
0.00 
364,568 
0.58% 
240,530 
0.38% 
82,926 
0.13% 
797,354 
1.27% 
03.2021 
63,065,763 
718,159 
1.14% 
998,756 
1.58% 
352,269 
0.56% 
1,123,603 
1.78% 
0.00 
216,292 
0.34% 
96,993 
0.15% 
101,022 
0.16% 
709,296 
1.12% 
04.2021 
63,347,529 
920,462 
1.45% 
722,763 
1.14% 
397,881 
0.63% 
1,082,803 
1.71% 
0.00 
114,976 
0.18% 
176,600 
0.28% 
81,438 
0.13% 
709,789 
1.12% 
05.2021 
65,207,012 
533,205 
0.82% 
1,026,370 
1.57% 
402,377 
0.62% 
1,092,058 
1.67% 
0.00 
159,141 
0.24% 
90,288 
0.14% 
115,410 
0.18% 
727,218 
1.12% 
06.2021 
66,002,523 
698,488 
1.06% 
696,570 
1.06% 
382,374 
0.58% 
1,160,760 
1.76% 
0.00 
161,662 
0.24% 
155,721 
0.24% 
81,033 
0.12% 
762,344 
1.16% 
07.2021 
68,733,412 
688,689 
1.00% 
755,590 
1.10% 
427,298 
0.62% 
1,076,769 
1.57% 
0.00 
128,155 
0.19% 
158,840 
0.23% 
124,493 
0.18% 
665,282 
0.97% 
08.2021 
70,853,584 
751,078 
1.06% 
583,818 
0.82% 
561,371 
0.79% 
895,797 
1.26% 
0.00 
225,380 
0.32% 
165,050 
0.23% 
73,662 
0.10% 
431,705 
0.61% 
09.2021 
72,740,492 
1,027,644 
1.41% 
636,144 
0.87% 
465,084 
0.64% 
776,551 
1.07% 
0.00 
203,009 
0.28% 
115,419 
0.16% 
75,622 
0.10% 
382,501 
0.53% 
10.2021 
74,143,566 
932,783 
1.26% 
529,045 
0.71% 
282,684 
0.38% 
750,543 
1.01% 
0.00 
404,870 
0.55% 
57,582 
0.08% 
87,170 
0.12% 
200,922 
0.27% 
11.2021 
76,122,919 
1,131,491 
1.49% 
568,623 
0.75% 
274,819 
0.36% 
734,951 
0.97% 
0.00 
125,466 
0.16% 
315,785 
0.41% 
105,210 
0.14% 
188,490 
0.25% 
12.2021 
77,841,711 
1,332,474 
1.71% 
646,349 
0.83% 
356,714 
0.46% 
657,407 
0.84% 
0.00 
99,150 
0.13% 
85,042 
0.11% 
230,910 
0.30% 
242,306 
0.31% 
01.2022 
79,386,424 
1,125,850 
1.42% 
719,820 
0.91% 
394,403 
0.50% 
650,464 
0.82% 
0.00 
126,478 
0.16% 
87,096 
0.11% 
9,708 
0.01% 
427,183 
0.54% 
02.2022 
80,431,761 
1,050,702 
1.31% 
789,027 
0.98% 
117,780 
0.15% 
544,071 
0.68% 
0.00 
71,989 
0.09% 
88,050 
0.11% 
1,051 
0.00% 
382,982 
0.48% 
03.2022 
81,434,516 
1,294,373 
1.59% 
540,084 
0.66% 
108,672 
0.13% 
576,172 
0.71% 
0.00 
15,733 
0.02% 
185,019 
0.23% 
12,517 
0.02% 
362,903 
0.45%

--- Page 148 ---
- 137 - 
 
 
 
Calendar Year/Month 
Principal 
Outstanding 
Delinquent 
balance 1-30  
dpd (£) 
1-30 
dpd (%) 
Delinquent 
balance 31-60  
dpd (£) 
31-60 
dpd (%) 
Delinquent 
balance 61-90  
dpd (£) 
61-90 
dpd (%) 
Delinquent 
balance 91+  
dpd (£) 
91+ 
dpd (%) 
Delinquent 
balance 91-120  
dpd (£) 
91-120 
dpd (%) 
Delinquent 
balance 121-
150 
dpd (£) 
121-
150 
dpd (%) 
Delinquent 
balance 151-
180  
dpd (£) 
151-
180 
dpd (%) 
Delinquent 
balance 180+  
dpd (£) 
180+ 
dpd (%) 
04.2022 
81,483,623 
791,154 
0.97% 
779,439 
0.96% 
92,757 
0.11% 
612,306 
0.75% 
0.00 
61,768 
0.08% 
19,605 
0.02% 
40,527 
0.05% 
490,406 
0.60% 
05.2022 
82,414,901 
1,246,201 
1.51% 
577,163 
0.70% 
171,969 
0.21% 
540,371 
0.66% 
0.00 
53,552 
0.06% 
20,388 
0.02% 
12,824 
0.02% 
453,607 
0.55% 
06.2022 
83,122,038 
1,073,776 
1.29% 
866,312 
1.04% 
211,647 
0.25% 
473,675 
0.57% 
0.00 
242,704 
0.29% 
24,004 
0.03% 
1,517 
0.00% 
205,449 
0.25% 
07.2022 
84,006,632 
1,194,656 
1.42% 
556,580 
0.66% 
326,122 
0.39% 
555,642 
0.66% 
0.00 
332,676 
0.40% 
17,630 
0.02% 
2,269 
0.00% 
203,067 
0.24% 
08.2022 
84,167,317 
1,097,770 
1.30% 
582,081 
0.69% 
226,191 
0.27% 
710,394 
0.84% 
0.00 
244,463 
0.29% 
50,531 
0.06% 
225,831 
0.27% 
189,569 
0.23% 
09.2022 
85,197,322 
940,382 
1.10% 
628,653 
0.74% 
231,940 
0.27% 
495,208 
0.58% 
0.00 
152,957 
0.18% 
135,033 
0.16% 
49,875 
0.06% 
157,344 
0.18% 
10.2022 
84,988,430 
1,205,215 
1.42% 
426,078 
0.50% 
148,076 
0.17% 
559,807 
0.66% 
0.00 
100,704 
0.12% 
123,243 
0.15% 
150,458 
0.18% 
185,402 
0.22% 
11.2022 
84,745,250 
979,520 
1.16% 
633,502 
0.75% 
173,971 
0.21% 
477,227 
0.56% 
0.00 
123,657 
0.15% 
70,442 
0.08% 
84,099 
0.10% 
199,029 
0.23% 
12.2022 
84,213,044 
1,172,714 
1.39% 
590,843 
0.70% 
253,343 
0.30% 
420,324 
0.50% 
0.00 
55,873 
0.07% 
71,306 
0.08% 
119,119 
0.14% 
174,027 
0.21% 
01.2023 
84,270,417 
1,148,228 
1.36% 
785,831 
0.93% 
166,241 
0.20% 
646,418 
0.77% 
0.00 
237,537 
0.28% 
104,494 
0.12% 
74,426 
0.09% 
229,961 
0.27% 
02.2023 
83,658,299 
1,005,229 
1.20% 
929,985 
1.11% 
195,392 
0.23% 
689,299 
0.82% 
0.00 
203,109 
0.24% 
163,014 
0.19% 
50,155 
0.06% 
273,021 
0.33% 
03.2023 
82,743,520 
875,146 
1.06% 
736,600 
0.89% 
243,482 
0.29% 
722,355 
0.87% 
0.00 
172,430 
0.21% 
154,638 
0.19% 
131,839 
0.16% 
263,448 
0.32% 
04.2023 
82,598,129 
811,047 
0.98% 
732,134 
0.89% 
312,058 
0.38% 
738,810 
0.89% 
0.00 
157,041 
0.19% 
91,670 
0.11% 
141,034 
0.17% 
349,065 
0.42% 
05.2023 
82,512,184 
1,037,039 
1.26% 
671,865 
0.81% 
241,458 
0.29% 
890,649 
1.08% 
0.00 
241,341 
0.29% 
116,805 
0.14% 
125,394 
0.15% 
407,109 
0.49% 
06.2023 
82,544,013 
1,208,269 
1.46% 
823,757 
1.00% 
267,684 
0.32% 
794,208 
0.96% 
0.00 
167,101 
0.20% 
140,212 
0.17% 
101,767 
0.12% 
385,127 
0.47% 
 
 
HP-PCP-LP 
 
Calendar Year/Month 
Principal 
Outstanding 
Delinquent 
balance 1-30  
dpd (£) 
1-30 
dpd (%) 
Delinquent 
balance 31-60  
dpd (£) 
31-60 
dpd (%) 
Delinquent 
balance 61-90  
dpd (£) 
61-90 
dpd (%) 
Delinquent 
balance 91+  
dpd (£) 
91+ 
dpd (%) 
Delinquent 
balance 91-120  
dpd (£) 
91-120 
dpd (%) 
Delinquent 
balance 121-
150 
dpd (£) 
121-
150 
dpd (%) 
Delinquent 
balance 151-
180  
dpd (£) 
151-
180 
dpd (%) 
Delinquent 
balance 180+  
dpd (£) 
180+ 
dpd (%) 
06.2007 
1,644,995,897 
18,028,394 
1.10% 
10,728,557 
0.65% 
4,815,830 
0.29% 
6,030,283 
0.37% 
0.00 
2,292,179 
0.14% 
1,266,835 
0.08% 
648,581 
0.04% 
1,822,687 
0.11% 
07.2007 
1,660,763,046 
25,457,160 
1.53% 
10,649,784 
0.64% 
5,208,630 
0.31% 
6,184,242 
0.37% 
0.00 
2,575,615 
0.16% 
1,051,056 
0.06% 
795,973 
0.05% 
1,761,598 
0.11% 
08.2007 
1,662,175,797 
21,985,231 
1.32% 
11,552,315 
0.70% 
6,171,768 
0.37% 
6,729,001 
0.40% 
0.00 
2,942,750 
0.18% 
1,370,201 
0.08% 
621,242 
0.04% 
1,794,808 
0.11% 
09.2007 
1,713,982,006 
31,094,839 
1.81% 
10,857,229 
0.63% 
5,450,491 
0.32% 
6,708,052 
0.39% 
0.00 
2,916,136 
0.17% 
1,289,117 
0.08% 
834,588 
0.05% 
1,668,211 
0.10% 
10.2007 
1,729,532,376 
23,899,025 
1.38% 
10,916,751 
0.63% 
5,320,343 
0.31% 
6,661,823 
0.39% 
0.00 
2,637,279 
0.15% 
1,461,263 
0.08% 
831,837 
0.05% 
1,731,444 
0.10% 
11.2007 
1,735,378,589 
22,006,825 
1.27% 
11,795,745 
0.68% 
5,946,338 
0.34% 
6,586,454 
0.38% 
0.00 
2,548,806 
0.15% 
1,341,585 
0.08% 
833,658 
0.05% 
1,862,406 
0.11% 
12.2007 
1,737,423,707 
24,993,518 
1.44% 
11,064,168 
0.64% 
6,139,658 
0.35% 
7,929,873 
0.46% 
0.00 
3,374,578 
0.19% 
1,445,663 
0.08% 
919,331 
0.05% 
2,190,301 
0.13% 
01.2008 
1,754,755,509 
23,483,733 
1.34% 
12,041,061 
0.69% 
6,517,115 
0.37% 
8,861,637 
0.51% 
0.00 
3,805,066 
0.22% 
2,125,833 
0.12% 
914,869 
0.05% 
2,015,868 
0.11% 
02.2008 
1,754,529,700 
20,050,724 
1.14% 
12,138,419 
0.69% 
5,713,347 
0.33% 
8,028,646 
0.46% 
0.00 
3,237,235 
0.18% 
1,851,185 
0.11% 
1,089,782 
0.06% 
1,850,444 
0.11% 
03.2008 
1,837,442,365 
27,835,247 
1.51% 
12,475,362 
0.68% 
5,416,521 
0.29% 
8,095,565 
0.44% 
0.00 
3,017,361 
0.16% 
1,846,124 
0.10% 
1,190,401 
0.06% 
2,041,679 
0.11% 
04.2008 
1,876,066,103 
22,877,596 
1.22% 
13,197,552 
0.70% 
5,303,914 
0.28% 
8,468,174 
0.45% 
0.00 
3,549,126 
0.19% 
1,626,644 
0.09% 
1,045,890 
0.06% 
2,246,514 
0.12% 
05.2008 
1,917,166,386 
25,575,031 
1.33% 
10,877,916 
0.57% 
5,657,223 
0.30% 
9,339,536 
0.49% 
0.00 
3,682,910 
0.19% 
2,016,746 
0.11% 
1,234,972 
0.06% 
2,404,908 
0.13% 
06.2008 
1,954,278,715 
24,760,160 
1.27% 
12,274,779 
0.63% 
5,961,748 
0.31% 
8,959,656 
0.46% 
0.00 
2,913,303 
0.15% 
2,381,742 
0.12% 
1,043,062 
0.05% 
2,621,548 
0.13% 
07.2008 
1,976,333,259 
28,261,924 
1.43% 
12,255,951 
0.62% 
5,635,677 
0.29% 
8,510,923 
0.43% 
0.00 
2,987,861 
0.15% 
1,532,953 
0.08% 
1,374,242 
0.07% 
2,615,867 
0.13% 
08.2008 
1,990,693,498 
27,216,640 
1.37% 
15,553,005 
0.78% 
7,417,638 
0.37% 
8,845,696 
0.44% 
0.00 
3,354,127 
0.17% 
1,744,790 
0.09% 
1,024,420 
0.05% 
2,722,359 
0.14% 
09.2008 
2,059,007,716 
29,086,840 
1.41% 
17,242,799 
0.84% 
7,295,424 
0.35% 
9,865,748 
0.48% 
0.00 
4,164,242 
0.20% 
1,941,125 
0.09% 
1,057,725 
0.05% 
2,702,656 
0.13% 
10.2008 
2,076,291,823 
34,151,116 
1.64% 
17,026,964 
0.82% 
8,475,012 
0.41% 
9,871,389 
0.48% 
0.00 
4,218,207 
0.20% 
2,204,294 
0.11% 
973,760 
0.05% 
2,475,129 
0.12% 
11.2008 
2,076,757,302 
29,404,128 
1.42% 
18,920,075 
0.91% 
8,468,284 
0.41% 
11,427,562 
0.55% 
0.00 
4,741,654 
0.23% 
2,844,384 
0.14% 
1,374,050 
0.07% 
2,467,474 
0.12% 
12.2008 
2,070,365,542 
30,238,083 
1.46% 
15,886,317 
0.77% 
9,325,439 
0.45% 
12,776,001 
0.62% 
0.00 
4,971,526 
0.24% 
3,123,762 
0.15% 
2,044,080 
0.10% 
2,636,633 
0.13% 
01.2009 
2,076,883,957 
30,690,185 
1.48% 
21,239,287 
1.02% 
10,297,089 
0.50% 
14,749,418 
0.71% 
0.00 
5,889,316 
0.28% 
3,403,221 
0.16% 
2,328,992 
0.11% 
3,127,890 
0.15% 
02.2009 
2,073,463,748 
30,189,366 
1.46% 
20,747,525 
1.00% 
11,873,416 
0.57% 
15,029,283 
0.72% 
0.00 
5,320,846 
0.26% 
3,540,861 
0.17% 
2,353,985 
0.11% 
3,813,590 
0.18% 
03.2009 
2,135,695,012 
31,904,680 
1.49% 
16,370,128 
0.77% 
8,001,579 
0.37% 
15,005,030 
0.70% 
0.00 
5,590,197 
0.26% 
2,999,355 
0.14% 
2,164,631 
0.10% 
4,250,848 
0.20% 
04.2009 
2,162,786,377 
31,283,147 
1.45% 
17,195,433 
0.80% 
7,567,626 
0.35% 
14,770,731 
0.68% 
0.00 
3,863,916 
0.18% 
3,433,278 
0.16% 
2,644,840 
0.12% 
4,828,697 
0.22% 
05.2009 
2,182,290,803 
33,883,725 
1.55% 
14,324,215 
0.66% 
7,244,690 
0.33% 
15,025,480 
0.69% 
0.00 
4,546,136 
0.21% 
2,471,815 
0.11% 
2,465,263 
0.11% 
5,542,266 
0.25% 
06.2009 
2,206,274,052 
33,879,292 
1.54% 
14,013,404 
0.64% 
6,629,764 
0.30% 
13,883,129 
0.63% 
0.00 
3,939,630 
0.18% 
2,833,224 
0.13% 
1,800,227 
0.08% 
5,310,049 
0.24% 
07.2009 
2,225,975,217 
39,250,092 
1.76% 
13,391,871 
0.60% 
6,504,163 
0.29% 
13,619,213 
0.61% 
0.00 
3,401,877 
0.15% 
2,747,918 
0.12% 
2,035,242 
0.09% 
5,434,176 
0.24% 
08.2009 
2,243,411,653 
29,327,431 
1.31% 
19,653,924 
0.88% 
6,563,004 
0.29% 
13,070,826 
0.58% 
0.00 
4,236,564 
0.19% 
2,208,970 
0.10% 
1,688,898 
0.08% 
4,936,395 
0.22% 
09.2009 
2,314,570,368 
34,141,578 
1.48% 
16,797,869 
0.73% 
8,932,638 
0.39% 
12,662,233 
0.55% 
0.00 
3,894,843 
0.17% 
2,449,204 
0.11% 
1,531,434 
0.07% 
4,786,751 
0.21% 
10.2009 
2,351,081,975 
37,093,907 
1.58% 
13,391,749 
0.57% 
8,050,658 
0.34% 
13,578,386 
0.58% 
0.00 
5,408,783 
0.23% 
2,124,141 
0.09% 
1,668,946 
0.07% 
4,376,517 
0.19% 
11.2009 
2,365,687,090 
31,224,440 
1.32% 
15,982,490 
0.68% 
7,285,732 
0.31% 
13,546,585 
0.57% 
0.00 
4,813,539 
0.20% 
3,210,414 
0.14% 
1,296,121 
0.05% 
4,226,511 
0.18% 
12.2009 
2,395,753,663 
36,258,707 
1.51% 
14,897,816 
0.62% 
6,369,443 
0.27% 
11,301,391 
0.47% 
0.00 
3,650,763 
0.15% 
2,133,778 
0.09% 
1,250,118 
0.05% 
4,266,732 
0.18% 
01.2010 
2,406,049,346 
35,855,179 
1.49% 
16,300,539 
0.68% 
7,738,359 
0.32% 
10,683,645 
0.44% 
0.00 
3,809,864 
0.16% 
1,907,128 
0.08% 
1,244,899 
0.05% 
3,721,754 
0.15% 
02.2010 
2,412,013,305 
33,651,303 
1.40% 
17,756,765 
0.74% 
6,186,651 
0.26% 
9,299,787 
0.39% 
0.00 
2,973,847 
0.12% 
1,831,237 
0.08% 
964,292 
0.04% 
3,530,410 
0.15% 
03.2010 
2,508,351,597 
37,869,555 
1.51% 
17,632,397 
0.70% 
5,335,135 
0.21% 
9,122,197 
0.36% 
0.00 
2,519,203 
0.10% 
1,765,153 
0.07% 
1,370,128 
0.05% 
3,467,713 
0.14% 
04.2010 
2,555,254,887 
36,427,983 
1.43% 
15,752,945 
0.62% 
7,676,640 
0.30% 
9,727,248 
0.38% 
0.00 
3,009,552 
0.12% 
1,530,533 
0.06% 
1,281,298 
0.05% 
3,905,866 
0.15% 
05.2010 
2,604,368,662 
33,181,598 
1.27% 
12,770,281 
0.49% 
7,012,324 
0.27% 
11,261,990 
0.43% 
0.00 
4,294,242 
0.16% 
1,669,454 
0.06% 
1,261,890 
0.05% 
4,036,404 
0.15% 
06.2010 
2,645,545,675 
32,987,636 
1.25% 
12,938,063 
0.49% 
6,159,326 
0.23% 
11,148,290 
0.42% 
0.00 
3,621,713 
0.14% 
2,376,212 
0.09% 
1,223,918 
0.05% 
3,926,448 
0.15% 
07.2010 
2,682,579,587 
34,372,882 
1.28% 
11,723,975 
0.44% 
5,779,226 
0.22% 
11,157,610 
0.42% 
0.00 
3,385,615 
0.13% 
1,907,518 
0.07% 
1,516,875 
0.06% 
4,347,601 
0.16% 
08.2010 
2,710,028,166 
29,456,720 
1.09% 
14,024,138 
0.52% 
6,110,755 
0.23% 
10,473,730 
0.39% 
0.00 
2,619,876 
0.10% 
1,885,442 
0.07% 
1,354,501 
0.05% 
4,613,911 
0.17% 
09.2010 
2,808,304,723 
31,668,399 
1.13% 
13,734,918 
0.49% 
5,416,624 
0.19% 
10,690,919 
0.38% 
0.00 
3,065,287 
0.11% 
1,621,208 
0.06% 
1,346,039 
0.05% 
4,658,386 
0.17% 
10.2010 
2,863,703,261 
34,032,019 
1.19% 
11,445,062 
0.40% 
5,847,389 
0.20% 
11,531,715 
0.40% 
0.00 
3,366,936 
0.12% 
1,918,630 
0.07% 
1,201,411 
0.04% 
5,044,739 
0.18% 
11.2010 
2,912,943,959 
33,967,564 
1.17% 
11,615,066 
0.40% 
5,473,006 
0.19% 
10,567,878 
0.36% 
0.00 
2,644,938 
0.09% 
1,970,949 
0.07% 
1,281,206 
0.04% 
4,670,786 
0.16% 
12.2010 
2,943,117,366 
35,326,810 
1.20% 
13,273,972 
0.45% 
5,779,108 
0.20% 
11,121,490 
0.38% 
0.00 
3,144,584 
0.11% 
1,748,504 
0.06% 
1,366,110 
0.05% 
4,862,291 
0.17% 
01.2011 
2,957,672,915 
31,328,560 
1.06% 
14,760,717 
0.50% 
7,418,715 
0.25% 
12,000,862 
0.41% 
0.00 
3,612,478 
0.12% 
2,155,645 
0.07% 
1,185,780 
0.04% 
5,046,959 
0.17% 
02.2011 
2,960,516,519 
31,198,032 
1.05% 
13,409,932 
0.45% 
6,526,912 
0.22% 
11,760,305 
0.40% 
0.00 
3,346,692 
0.11% 
2,093,405 
0.07% 
1,548,755 
0.05% 
4,771,454 
0.16% 
03.2011 
3,094,351,351 
40,314,930 
1.30% 
14,904,614 
0.48% 
5,240,466 
0.17% 
10,116,671 
0.33% 
0.00 
2,623,076 
0.08% 
1,704,150 
0.06% 
1,303,267 
0.04% 
4,486,177 
0.14% 
04.2011 
3,138,513,145 
34,751,941 
1.11% 
14,570,527 
0.46% 
7,088,856 
0.23% 
10,605,060 
0.34% 
0.00 
2,662,122 
0.08% 
1,848,482 
0.06% 
1,333,915 
0.04% 
4,760,542 
0.15%

--- Page 149 ---
- 138 - 
 
 
 
Calendar Year/Month 
Principal 
Outstanding 
Delinquent 
balance 1-30  
dpd (£) 
1-30 
dpd (%) 
Delinquent 
balance 31-60  
dpd (£) 
31-60 
dpd (%) 
Delinquent 
balance 61-90  
dpd (£) 
61-90 
dpd (%) 
Delinquent 
balance 91+  
dpd (£) 
91+ 
dpd (%) 
Delinquent 
balance 91-120  
dpd (£) 
91-120 
dpd (%) 
Delinquent 
balance 121-
150 
dpd (£) 
121-
150 
dpd (%) 
Delinquent 
balance 151-
180  
dpd (£) 
151-
180 
dpd (%) 
Delinquent 
balance 180+  
dpd (£) 
180+ 
dpd (%) 
05.2011 
3,200,745,170 
35,017,114 
1.09% 
11,583,493 
0.36% 
6,312,646 
0.20% 
11,773,846 
0.37% 
0.00 
4,244,011 
0.13% 
1,469,217 
0.05% 
1,386,226 
0.04% 
4,674,393 
0.15% 
06.2011 
3,252,899,396 
36,223,104 
1.11% 
11,929,936 
0.37% 
5,907,206 
0.18% 
10,838,552 
0.33% 
0.00 
3,197,077 
0.10% 
2,340,138 
0.07% 
991,748 
0.03% 
4,309,589 
0.13% 
07.2011 
3,290,987,405 
37,499,057 
1.14% 
11,031,218 
0.34% 
5,390,342 
0.16% 
12,265,927 
0.37% 
0.00 
3,613,270 
0.11% 
2,283,606 
0.07% 
1,735,085 
0.05% 
4,633,966 
0.14% 
08.2011 
3,320,455,365 
36,446,420 
1.10% 
11,380,391 
0.34% 
5,514,821 
0.17% 
11,250,521 
0.34% 
0.00 
3,027,142 
0.09% 
1,974,822 
0.06% 
1,719,093 
0.05% 
4,529,464 
0.14% 
09.2011 
3,429,322,525 
35,056,492 
1.02% 
12,246,199 
0.36% 
5,302,739 
0.15% 
10,473,239 
0.31% 
0.00 
2,839,434 
0.08% 
1,806,146 
0.05% 
1,159,968 
0.03% 
4,667,691 
0.14% 
10.2011 
3,463,806,725 
36,594,226 
1.06% 
10,804,875 
0.31% 
5,994,652 
0.17% 
10,445,475 
0.30% 
0.00 
3,008,703 
0.09% 
1,700,598 
0.05% 
1,249,224 
0.04% 
4,486,950 
0.13% 
11.2011 
3,494,682,957 
32,907,909 
0.94% 
12,026,099 
0.34% 
5,580,455 
0.16% 
9,988,017 
0.29% 
0.00 
2,960,841 
0.08% 
1,892,634 
0.05% 
964,574 
0.03% 
4,169,968 
0.12% 
12.2011 
3,513,893,451 
38,421,083 
1.09% 
11,654,539 
0.33% 
5,329,679 
0.15% 
10,289,965 
0.29% 
0.00 
3,110,129 
0.09% 
1,982,379 
0.06% 
1,128,097 
0.03% 
4,069,360 
0.12% 
01.2012 
3,541,595,387 
37,742,170 
1.07% 
13,816,312 
0.39% 
5,754,676 
0.16% 
10,074,775 
0.28% 
0.00 
3,180,288 
0.09% 
1,968,660 
0.06% 
1,132,971 
0.03% 
3,792,856 
0.11% 
02.2012 
3,549,407,552 
34,109,458 
0.96% 
12,493,207 
0.35% 
4,979,555 
0.14% 
9,201,536 
0.26% 
0.00 
2,701,411 
0.08% 
1,754,863 
0.05% 
982,068 
0.03% 
3,763,194 
0.11% 
03.2012 
3,731,721,992 
40,277,190 
1.08% 
13,151,934 
0.35% 
4,442,341 
0.12% 
8,570,284 
0.23% 
0.00 
2,724,688 
0.07% 
1,425,170 
0.04% 
1,174,239 
0.03% 
3,246,188 
0.09% 
04.2012 
3,799,139,586 
35,763,819 
0.94% 
14,136,938 
0.37% 
5,537,153 
0.15% 
8,500,087 
0.22% 
0.00 
2,669,206 
0.07% 
1,591,041 
0.04% 
1,018,490 
0.03% 
3,221,350 
0.08% 
05.2012 
3,879,998,442 
54,647,568 
1.41% 
14,270,039 
0.37% 
5,679,373 
0.15% 
8,931,658 
0.23% 
0.00 
3,350,461 
0.09% 
1,473,384 
0.04% 
917,448 
0.02% 
3,190,365 
0.08% 
06.2012 
3,952,321,984 
51,861,254 
1.31% 
15,342,684 
0.39% 
5,976,729 
0.15% 
8,958,371 
0.23% 
0.00 
2,899,684 
0.07% 
1,854,039 
0.05% 
949,135 
0.02% 
3,255,512 
0.08% 
07.2012 
4,011,150,281 
46,334,146 
1.16% 
14,400,520 
0.36% 
5,159,553 
0.13% 
9,178,351 
0.23% 
0.00 
3,082,388 
0.08% 
1,674,198 
0.04% 
1,200,032 
0.03% 
3,221,733 
0.08% 
08.2012 
4,044,923,466 
44,529,951 
1.10% 
14,384,471 
0.36% 
5,874,922 
0.15% 
8,795,214 
0.22% 
0.00 
2,805,318 
0.07% 
1,721,967 
0.04% 
1,028,500 
0.03% 
3,239,428 
0.08% 
09.2012 
4,221,588,748 
43,999,560 
1.04% 
15,789,512 
0.37% 
5,922,719 
0.14% 
8,988,531 
0.21% 
0.00 
2,982,062 
0.07% 
1,564,348 
0.04% 
1,191,608 
0.03% 
3,250,512 
0.08% 
10.2012 
4,289,095,815 
44,292,779 
1.03% 
12,871,258 
0.30% 
4,884,345 
0.11% 
8,163,373 
0.19% 
0.00 
2,913,510 
0.07% 
1,412,401 
0.03% 
820,184 
0.02% 
3,017,279 
0.07% 
11.2012 
4,332,292,988 
45,711,252 
1.06% 
13,417,723 
0.31% 
5,744,642 
0.13% 
7,225,199 
0.17% 
0.00 
2,107,464 
0.05% 
1,362,438 
0.03% 
725,546 
0.02% 
3,029,751 
0.07% 
12.2012 
4,351,016,743 
43,126,431 
0.99% 
15,320,524 
0.35% 
6,277,525 
0.14% 
8,631,489 
0.20% 
0.00 
3,130,968 
0.07% 
1,445,457 
0.03% 
973,679 
0.02% 
3,081,385 
0.07% 
01.2013 
4,373,163,013 
44,283,324 
1.01% 
16,101,892 
0.37% 
8,704,481 
0.20% 
9,229,188 
0.21% 
0.00 
3,299,126 
0.08% 
1,946,065 
0.04% 
708,751 
0.02% 
3,275,246 
0.07% 
02.2013 
4,384,383,199 
38,063,813 
0.87% 
16,940,321 
0.39% 
7,039,029 
0.16% 
9,816,678 
0.22% 
0.00 
3,959,807 
0.09% 
1,685,502 
0.04% 
1,027,645 
0.02% 
3,143,724 
0.07% 
03.2013 
4,592,460,514 
199,737,949 
4.35% 
17,223,142 
0.38% 
7,185,786 
0.16% 
10,841,059 
0.24% 
0.00 
3,986,283 
0.09% 
2,365,420 
0.05% 
1,054,886 
0.02% 
3,434,470 
0.07% 
04.2013 
4,675,389,114 
45,717,643 
0.98% 
17,480,770 
0.37% 
7,888,811 
0.17% 
10,325,143 
0.22% 
0.00 
3,448,807 
0.07% 
2,114,162 
0.05% 
1,511,504 
0.03% 
3,250,671 
0.07% 
05.2013 
4,741,933,980 
46,406,126 
0.98% 
15,116,176 
0.32% 
8,270,357 
0.17% 
11,488,822 
0.24% 
0.00 
4,521,100 
0.10% 
2,224,059 
0.05% 
1,324,223 
0.03% 
3,419,441 
0.07% 
06.2013 
4,840,080,946 
45,119,334 
0.93% 
17,347,125 
0.36% 
8,369,538 
0.17% 
11,001,439 
0.23% 
0.00 
4,193,087 
0.09% 
2,145,990 
0.04% 
1,191,615 
0.02% 
3,470,747 
0.07% 
07.2013 
4,919,335,410 
67,354,713 
1.37% 
21,056,937 
0.43% 
8,109,994 
0.16% 
11,663,261 
0.24% 
0.00 
4,521,052 
0.09% 
2,329,236 
0.05% 
1,169,181 
0.02% 
3,643,792 
0.07% 
08.2013 
5,003,161,020 
44,906,849 
0.90% 
23,160,408 
0.46% 
10,146,513 
0.20% 
12,202,520 
0.24% 
0.00 
4,266,556 
0.09% 
2,645,262 
0.05% 
1,435,414 
0.03% 
3,855,289 
0.08% 
09.2013 
5,248,308,731 
44,360,556 
0.85% 
21,612,122 
0.41% 
8,952,317 
0.17% 
13,502,232 
0.26% 
0.00 
5,255,154 
0.10% 
2,511,955 
0.05% 
1,755,013 
0.03% 
3,980,111 
0.08% 
10.2013 
5,342,056,292 
48,402,303 
0.91% 
17,093,864 
0.32% 
8,203,327 
0.15% 
12,900,926 
0.24% 
0.00 
4,371,924 
0.08% 
3,027,179 
0.06% 
1,348,131 
0.03% 
4,153,692 
0.08% 
11.2013 
5,420,146,024 
41,460,365 
0.76% 
17,567,631 
0.32% 
8,602,729 
0.16% 
14,090,557 
0.26% 
0.00 
4,597,087 
0.08% 
2,945,156 
0.05% 
2,368,466 
0.04% 
4,179,848 
0.08% 
12.2013 
5,485,697,065 
47,411,833 
0.86% 
16,188,521 
0.30% 
7,686,796 
0.14% 
14,539,153 
0.27% 
0.00 
4,976,364 
0.09% 
3,118,252 
0.06% 
1,932,015 
0.04% 
4,512,522 
0.08% 
01.2014 
5,551,184,352 
42,773,447 
0.77% 
17,564,948 
0.32% 
8,745,052 
0.16% 
15,058,606 
0.27% 
0.00 
4,741,711 
0.09% 
3,480,011 
0.06% 
2,090,353 
0.04% 
4,746,531 
0.09% 
02.2014 
5,608,906,417 
37,483,727 
0.67% 
15,911,593 
0.28% 
8,574,048 
0.15% 
13,576,393 
0.24% 
0.00 
3,980,867 
0.07% 
2,707,102 
0.05% 
1,982,901 
0.04% 
4,905,523 
0.09% 
03.2014 
5,902,596,614 
42,586,453 
0.72% 
15,192,967 
0.26% 
7,377,216 
0.12% 
12,772,586 
0.22% 
0.00 
3,483,417 
0.06% 
2,583,913 
0.04% 
1,845,059 
0.03% 
4,860,197 
0.08% 
04.2014 
5,995,470,239 
47,913,162 
0.80% 
16,974,542 
0.28% 
7,271,959 
0.12% 
14,121,455 
0.24% 
0.00 
4,192,598 
0.07% 
2,691,781 
0.04% 
2,078,577 
0.03% 
5,158,499 
0.09% 
05.2014 
6,112,080,359 
44,179,685 
0.72% 
14,500,284 
0.24% 
7,591,851 
0.12% 
13,376,156 
0.22% 
0.00 
4,136,375 
0.07% 
2,271,063 
0.04% 
1,781,005 
0.03% 
5,187,713 
0.08% 
06.2014 
6,221,580,189 
40,281,063 
0.65% 
15,116,743 
0.24% 
7,797,912 
0.13% 
13,608,030 
0.22% 
0.00 
4,316,935 
0.07% 
2,515,581 
0.04% 
1,688,831 
0.03% 
5,086,683 
0.08% 
07.2014 
6,311,410,413 
45,118,289 
0.71% 
13,444,911 
0.21% 
6,818,987 
0.11% 
13,171,490 
0.21% 
0.00 
4,307,920 
0.07% 
2,418,721 
0.04% 
1,579,808 
0.03% 
4,865,041 
0.08% 
08.2014 
6,374,929,464 
39,120,965 
0.61% 
16,892,604 
0.26% 
7,850,437 
0.12% 
14,802,921 
0.23% 
0.00 
5,010,523 
0.08% 
2,959,458 
0.05% 
1,802,544 
0.03% 
5,030,397 
0.08% 
09.2014 
6,643,428,141 
43,670,144 
0.66% 
16,507,252 
0.25% 
7,981,602 
0.12% 
15,118,102 
0.23% 
0.00 
4,991,999 
0.08% 
3,350,421 
0.05% 
1,667,885 
0.03% 
5,107,797 
0.08% 
10.2014 
6,763,059,321 
47,921,259 
0.71% 
14,549,579 
0.22% 
7,749,491 
0.11% 
15,556,604 
0.23% 
0.00 
4,719,481 
0.07% 
3,460,596 
0.05% 
2,187,305 
0.03% 
5,189,222 
0.08% 
11.2014 
6,837,512,285 
37,891,620 
0.55% 
17,062,949 
0.25% 
8,506,313 
0.12% 
15,405,485 
0.23% 
0.00 
4,985,397 
0.07% 
3,126,579 
0.05% 
2,048,892 
0.03% 
5,244,617 
0.08% 
12.2014 
6,894,804,902 
46,229,800 
0.67% 
15,537,699 
0.23% 
8,327,895 
0.12% 
15,035,148 
0.22% 
0.00 
5,378,572 
0.08% 
3,067,155 
0.04% 
1,356,865 
0.02% 
5,232,555 
0.08% 
01.2015 
6,942,759,451 
41,994,553 
0.60% 
21,183,956 
0.31% 
9,345,724 
0.13% 
15,552,717 
0.22% 
0.00 
5,331,876 
0.08% 
3,484,777 
0.05% 
1,701,093 
0.02% 
5,034,971 
0.07% 
02.2015 
6,984,469,118 
37,198,802 
0.53% 
20,454,943 
0.29% 
8,973,667 
0.13% 
14,852,776 
0.21% 
0.00 
4,829,881 
0.07% 
2,926,850 
0.04% 
1,926,499 
0.03% 
5,169,545 
0.07% 
03.2015 
7,279,381,482 
51,188,350 
0.70% 
18,914,241 
0.26% 
9,030,004 
0.12% 
15,361,665 
0.21% 
0.00 
5,696,036 
0.08% 
3,116,875 
0.04% 
1,869,837 
0.03% 
4,678,918 
0.06% 
04.2015 
7,378,318,630 
30,861,932 
0.42% 
17,063,558 
0.23% 
8,439,275 
0.11% 
15,361,516 
0.21% 
0.00 
5,369,018 
0.07% 
3,593,695 
0.05% 
2,006,080 
0.03% 
4,392,722 
0.06% 
05.2015 
7,495,416,880 
44,496,591 
0.59% 
15,658,684 
0.21% 
8,741,237 
0.12% 
17,807,613 
0.24% 
0.00 
6,906,053 
0.09% 
3,609,422 
0.05% 
2,730,201 
0.04% 
4,561,937 
0.06% 
06.2015 
7,627,515,285 
64,831,229 
0.85% 
17,535,251 
0.23% 
8,589,214 
0.11% 
16,645,237 
0.22% 
0.00 
5,424,322 
0.07% 
4,055,322 
0.05% 
2,286,004 
0.03% 
4,879,588 
0.06% 
07.2015 
7,745,288,262 
59,908,608 
0.77% 
15,351,747 
0.20% 
9,540,345 
0.12% 
16,995,741 
0.22% 
0.00 
5,957,537 
0.08% 
3,711,772 
0.05% 
2,450,492 
0.03% 
4,875,941 
0.06% 
08.2015 
7,836,386,517 
40,807,148 
0.52% 
21,312,839 
0.27% 
8,755,740 
0.11% 
19,511,419 
0.25% 
0.00 
6,750,870 
0.09% 
4,566,965 
0.06% 
2,690,101 
0.03% 
5,503,482 
0.07% 
09.2015 
8,170,148,878 
44,910,823 
0.55% 
19,921,932 
0.24% 
9,250,506 
0.11% 
19,999,024 
0.24% 
0.00 
6,353,308 
0.08% 
4,695,173 
0.06% 
3,180,597 
0.04% 
5,769,946 
0.07% 
10.2015 
8,282,189,413 
45,980,824 
0.56% 
16,884,862 
0.20% 
8,096,265 
0.10% 
22,159,645 
0.27% 
0.00 
6,876,275 
0.08% 
4,243,121 
0.05% 
3,823,681 
0.05% 
7,216,568 
0.09% 
11.2015 
8,219,623,238 
41,419,749 
0.50% 
18,525,689 
0.23% 
9,235,970 
0.11% 
21,687,910 
0.26% 
0.00 
5,714,558 
0.07% 
4,930,334 
0.06% 
3,436,213 
0.04% 
7,606,805 
0.09% 
12.2015 
8,451,764,462 
49,714,943 
0.59% 
16,217,836 
0.19% 
8,552,077 
0.10% 
22,670,819 
0.27% 
0.00 
6,548,750 
0.08% 
4,509,535 
0.05% 
3,302,329 
0.04% 
8,310,205 
0.10% 
01.2016 
8,530,051,412 
44,562,799 
0.52% 
21,016,033 
0.25% 
9,668,654 
0.11% 
21,580,386 
0.25% 
0.00 
5,993,048 
0.07% 
4,839,166 
0.06% 
3,048,177 
0.04% 
7,699,994 
0.09% 
02.2016 
8,590,912,148 
43,878,458 
0.51% 
20,457,165 
0.24% 
9,974,832 
0.12% 
21,167,560 
0.25% 
0.00 
6,458,144 
0.08% 
3,769,225 
0.04% 
3,554,813 
0.04% 
7,385,378 
0.09% 
03.2016 
9,003,057,131 
57,542,517 
0.64% 
19,457,923 
0.22% 
8,258,937 
0.09% 
19,091,807 
0.21% 
0.00 
6,022,833 
0.07% 
3,596,823 
0.04% 
2,281,003 
0.03% 
7,191,148 
0.08% 
04.2016 
9,109,552,062 
45,749,433 
0.50% 
22,329,809 
0.25% 
8,742,758 
0.10% 
17,399,447 
0.19% 
0.00 
5,720,031 
0.06% 
3,693,825 
0.04% 
2,041,225 
0.02% 
5,944,366 
0.07% 
05.2016 
9,218,589,542 
50,373,369 
0.55% 
16,774,909 
0.18% 
10,052,176 
0.11% 
17,579,466 
0.19% 
0.00 
6,055,225 
0.07% 
3,565,842 
0.04% 
2,520,873 
0.03% 
5,437,526 
0.06% 
06.2016 
9,305,024,188 
53,373,388 
0.57% 
21,177,128 
0.23% 
8,609,752 
0.09% 
12,729,396 
0.14% 
0.00 
4,675,659 
0.05% 
2,228,856 
0.02% 
1,368,802 
0.01% 
4,456,079 
0.05% 
07.2016 
9,373,301,352 
54,543,876 
0.58% 
18,351,170 
0.20% 
8,556,257 
0.09% 
13,248,348 
0.14% 
0.00 
4,336,815 
0.05% 
2,810,154 
0.03% 
1,431,085 
0.02% 
4,670,294 
0.05% 
08.2016 
9,403,597,965 
57,788,144 
0.61% 
23,515,484 
0.25% 
9,546,591 
0.10% 
13,806,757 
0.15% 
0.00 
5,008,532 
0.05% 
2,434,514 
0.03% 
1,683,825 
0.02% 
4,679,886 
0.05% 
09.2016 
9,731,026,588 
56,749,421 
0.58% 
26,505,415 
0.27% 
8,602,627 
0.09% 
12,098,549 
0.12% 
0.00 
4,061,735 
0.04% 
2,198,258 
0.02% 
1,298,235 
0.01% 
4,540,321 
0.05% 
10.2016 
9,828,815,969 
59,702,506 
0.61% 
22,970,426 
0.23% 
9,431,582 
0.10% 
13,141,329 
0.13% 
0.00 
5,067,589 
0.05% 
2,101,025 
0.02% 
1,586,985 
0.02% 
4,385,730 
0.04% 
11.2016 
9,901,352,040 
55,139,428 
0.56% 
26,004,721 
0.26% 
10,466,350 
0.11% 
13,151,302 
0.13% 
0.00 
4,929,507 
0.05% 
2,499,365 
0.03% 
1,442,589 
0.01% 
4,279,842 
0.04% 
12.2016 
9,952,733,303 
54,795,533 
0.55% 
22,318,338 
0.22% 
10,850,650 
0.11% 
15,625,475 
0.16% 
0.00 
6,497,879 
0.07% 
2,917,368 
0.03% 
1,777,051 
0.02% 
4,433,177 
0.04% 
01.2017 
10,013,891,706 
65,922,419 
0.66% 
26,680,123 
0.27% 
10,891,434 
0.11% 
17,199,542 
0.17% 
0.00 
6,863,594 
0.07% 
3,808,506 
0.04% 
1,814,422 
0.02% 
4,713,020 
0.05% 
02.2017 
10,035,578,411 
57,272,641 
0.57% 
28,289,086 
0.28% 
11,000,950 
0.11% 
15,168,625 
0.15% 
0.00 
5,503,806 
0.05% 
3,219,887 
0.03% 
1,918,361 
0.02% 
4,526,571 
0.05% 
03.2017 
10,426,963,811 
68,433,822 
0.66% 
26,853,011 
0.26% 
9,914,376 
0.10% 
14,691,226 
0.14% 
0.00 
5,161,660 
0.05% 
2,898,891 
0.03% 
1,663,397 
0.02% 
4,967,277 
0.05% 
04.2017 
10,460,447,237 
54,501,004 
0.52% 
31,518,210 
0.30% 
11,406,174 
0.11% 
16,003,834 
0.15% 
0.00 
5,069,352 
0.05% 
3,521,457 
0.03% 
2,128,177 
0.02% 
5,284,847 
0.05% 
05.2017 
10,555,442,561 
72,339,963 
0.69% 
26,718,095 
0.25% 
11,759,755 
0.11% 
19,194,514 
0.18% 
0.00 
7,286,224 
0.07% 
3,580,064 
0.03% 
2,441,009 
0.02% 
5,887,217 
0.06% 
06.2017 
10,672,179,080 
62,219,151 
0.58% 
28,696,767 
0.27% 
11,759,587 
0.11% 
18,165,029 
0.17% 
0.00 
6,234,443 
0.06% 
3,655,962 
0.03% 
2,138,164 
0.02% 
6,136,459 
0.06%

--- Page 150 ---
- 139 - 
 
 
 
Calendar Year/Month 
Principal 
Outstanding 
Delinquent 
balance 1-30  
dpd (£) 
1-30 
dpd (%) 
Delinquent 
balance 31-60  
dpd (£) 
31-60 
dpd (%) 
Delinquent 
balance 61-90  
dpd (£) 
61-90 
dpd (%) 
Delinquent 
balance 91+  
dpd (£) 
91+ 
dpd (%) 
Delinquent 
balance 91-120  
dpd (£) 
91-120 
dpd (%) 
Delinquent 
balance 121-
150 
dpd (£) 
121-
150 
dpd (%) 
Delinquent 
balance 151-
180  
dpd (£) 
151-
180 
dpd (%) 
Delinquent 
balance 180+  
dpd (£) 
180+ 
dpd (%) 
07.2017 
10,736,834,385 
67,506,995 
0.63% 
27,181,159 
0.25% 
12,098,918 
0.11% 
17,822,562 
0.17% 
0.00 
6,815,487 
0.06% 
2,843,632 
0.03% 
2,180,989 
0.02% 
5,982,455 
0.06% 
08.2017 
10,774,481,329 
61,273,497 
0.57% 
29,531,753 
0.27% 
12,868,030 
0.12% 
15,848,798 
0.15% 
0.00 
5,782,204 
0.05% 
2,978,477 
0.03% 
1,501,393 
0.01% 
5,586,723 
0.05% 
09.2017 
11,106,700,975 
62,143,619 
0.56% 
34,236,076 
0.31% 
11,747,767 
0.11% 
15,897,651 
0.14% 
0.00 
5,957,511 
0.05% 
2,770,337 
0.02% 
1,793,466 
0.02% 
5,376,338 
0.05% 
10.2017 
11,186,938,265 
91,558,431 
0.82% 
31,135,673 
0.28% 
12,898,686 
0.12% 
15,701,281 
0.14% 
0.00 
5,622,743 
0.05% 
3,207,125 
0.03% 
1,445,118 
0.01% 
5,426,294 
0.05% 
11.2017 
11,264,925,918 
78,761,336 
0.70% 
37,569,080 
0.33% 
14,260,762 
0.13% 
17,333,306 
0.15% 
0.00 
6,268,060 
0.06% 
3,267,965 
0.03% 
2,193,320 
0.02% 
5,603,960 
0.05% 
12.2017 
11,283,966,118 
75,695,365 
0.67% 
35,595,702 
0.32% 
14,818,632 
0.13% 
20,605,969 
0.18% 
0.00 
7,375,754 
0.07% 
4,328,465 
0.04% 
2,365,653 
0.02% 
6,536,097 
0.06% 
01.2018 
11,341,437,440 
84,938,079 
0.75% 
43,218,228 
0.38% 
16,734,039 
0.15% 
19,542,597 
0.17% 
0.00 
6,984,642 
0.06% 
4,062,879 
0.04% 
2,047,123 
0.02% 
6,447,953 
0.06% 
02.2018 
11,358,201,121 
68,735,825 
0.61% 
49,089,672 
0.43% 
17,074,432 
0.15% 
21,252,093 
0.19% 
0.00 
7,247,695 
0.06% 
4,588,344 
0.04% 
2,686,723 
0.02% 
6,729,331 
0.06% 
03.2018 
11,738,955,172 
75,740,527 
0.65% 
44,090,178 
0.38% 
16,845,292 
0.14% 
22,907,214 
0.20% 
0.00 
7,928,657 
0.07% 
4,444,537 
0.04% 
3,132,551 
0.03% 
7,401,469 
0.06% 
04.2018 
11,820,727,035 
79,185,626 
0.67% 
47,245,512 
0.40% 
15,692,614 
0.13% 
20,990,444 
0.18% 
0.00 
6,150,440 
0.05% 
4,205,459 
0.04% 
2,583,268 
0.02% 
8,051,278 
0.07% 
05.2018 
11,908,084,675 
92,040,393 
0.77% 
42,007,388 
0.35% 
14,696,870 
0.12% 
22,558,030 
0.19% 
0.00 
6,935,710 
0.06% 
3,769,562 
0.03% 
3,178,602 
0.03% 
8,674,155 
0.07% 
06.2018 
12,061,528,908 
76,205,316 
0.63% 
47,898,074 
0.40% 
15,978,451 
0.13% 
22,126,716 
0.18% 
0.00 
6,335,105 
0.05% 
4,246,227 
0.04% 
2,623,616 
0.02% 
8,921,768 
0.07% 
07.2018 
12,128,058,073 
104,999,222 
0.87% 
42,652,911 
0.35% 
17,041,121 
0.14% 
23,037,027 
0.19% 
0.00 
7,300,480 
0.06% 
4,229,450 
0.03% 
2,868,421 
0.02% 
8,638,677 
0.07% 
08.2018 
12,124,309,156 
94,137,833 
0.78% 
47,873,096 
0.39% 
17,180,658 
0.14% 
21,800,675 
0.18% 
0.00 
7,211,801 
0.06% 
3,669,625 
0.03% 
2,469,154 
0.02% 
8,450,094 
0.07% 
09.2018 
12,205,894,101 
75,795,892 
0.62% 
51,431,026 
0.42% 
15,291,222 
0.13% 
17,983,997 
0.15% 
0.00 
5,251,840 
0.04% 
2,340,803 
0.02% 
1,864,439 
0.02% 
8,526,914 
0.07% 
10.2018 
12,213,308,311 
96,776,114 
0.79% 
46,291,500 
0.38% 
14,447,610 
0.12% 
17,593,911 
0.14% 
0.00 
4,709,203 
0.04% 
2,766,169 
0.02% 
1,536,606 
0.01% 
8,581,932 
0.07% 
11.2018 
12,223,226,465 
81,113,405 
0.66% 
59,934,695 
0.49% 
18,036,017 
0.15% 
18,987,689 
0.16% 
0.00 
5,776,078 
0.05% 
2,280,613 
0.02% 
1,943,421 
0.02% 
8,987,577 
0.07% 
12.2018 
12,195,048,232 
86,641,820 
0.71% 
45,212,200 
0.37% 
17,206,941 
0.14% 
19,843,464 
0.16% 
0.00 
6,817,329 
0.06% 
2,094,525 
0.02% 
1,672,024 
0.01% 
9,259,586 
0.08% 
01.2019 
12,235,673,574 
91,283,706 
0.75% 
53,906,818 
0.44% 
18,316,011 
0.15% 
20,694,639 
0.17% 
0.00 
7,378,549 
0.06% 
2,910,284 
0.02% 
1,437,256 
0.01% 
8,968,550 
0.07% 
02.2019 
12,240,476,353 
76,944,533 
0.63% 
55,278,107 
0.45% 
18,072,259 
0.15% 
20,681,029 
0.17% 
0.00 
6,637,355 
0.05% 
3,337,029 
0.03% 
2,177,639 
0.02% 
8,529,007 
0.07% 
03.2019 
12,536,840,261 
79,643,212 
0.64% 
47,433,802 
0.38% 
13,267,638 
0.11% 
16,811,931 
0.13% 
0.00 
4,268,329 
0.03% 
2,569,635 
0.02% 
1,895,423 
0.02% 
8,078,544 
0.06% 
04.2019 
12,622,740,089 
98,275,680 
0.78% 
50,984,615 
0.40% 
14,635,137 
0.12% 
16,790,813 
0.13% 
0.00 
5,124,488 
0.04% 
1,697,439 
0.01% 
1,628,710 
0.01% 
8,340,176 
0.07% 
05.2019 
12,716,038,780 
120,573,053 
0.95% 
48,916,192 
0.38% 
14,309,125 
0.11% 
16,265,417 
0.13% 
0.00 
4,540,240 
0.04% 
2,327,695 
0.02% 
1,125,139 
0.01% 
8,272,343 
0.07% 
06.2019 
12,793,645,269 
83,560,852 
0.65% 
54,356,940 
0.42% 
17,096,523 
0.13% 
15,876,642 
0.12% 
0.00 
4,006,957 
0.03% 
1,887,134 
0.01% 
1,801,143 
0.01% 
8,181,408 
0.06% 
07.2019 
12,808,087,212 
102,939,749 
0.80% 
45,929,985 
0.36% 
15,562,201 
0.12% 
17,136,830 
0.13% 
0.00 
5,383,710 
0.04% 
2,062,170 
0.02% 
1,471,024 
0.01% 
8,219,925 
0.06% 
08.2019 
12,802,823,769 
83,892,405 
0.66% 
50,378,043 
0.39% 
16,002,495 
0.12% 
17,002,671 
0.13% 
0.00 
4,768,371 
0.04% 
2,223,073 
0.02% 
1,507,465 
0.01% 
8,503,762 
0.07% 
09.2019 
12,975,782,836 
80,451,625 
0.62% 
50,540,056 
0.39% 
16,732,255 
0.13% 
14,969,537 
0.12% 
0.00 
5,034,370 
0.04% 
2,098,223 
0.02% 
1,616,638 
0.01% 
6,220,305 
0.05% 
10.2019 
13,016,431,291 
114,272,054 
0.88% 
42,749,004 
0.33% 
14,782,403 
0.11% 
14,381,634 
0.11% 
0.00 
5,132,608 
0.04% 
1,705,284 
0.01% 
1,516,238 
0.01% 
6,027,503 
0.05% 
11.2019 
13,064,141,324 
76,971,636 
0.59% 
46,922,329 
0.36% 
15,104,713 
0.12% 
12,608,307 
0.10% 
0.00 
3,928,596 
0.03% 
1,867,353 
0.01% 
1,345,961 
0.01% 
5,466,397 
0.04% 
12.2019 
13,090,758,163 
88,382,797 
0.68% 
42,950,124 
0.33% 
16,362,643 
0.12% 
13,348,941 
0.10% 
0.00 
5,573,647 
0.04% 
1,821,361 
0.01% 
1,284,910 
0.01% 
4,669,023 
0.04% 
01.2020 
13,155,710,955 
95,567,198 
0.73% 
49,988,856 
0.38% 
18,199,069 
0.14% 
13,760,022 
0.10% 
0.00 
5,420,300 
0.04% 
2,492,311 
0.02% 
1,428,655 
0.01% 
4,418,756 
0.03% 
02.2020 
13,161,794,103 
73,770,470 
0.56% 
51,625,824 
0.39% 
17,294,061 
0.13% 
13,286,829 
0.10% 
0.00 
4,510,118 
0.03% 
2,379,061 
0.02% 
1,694,590 
0.01% 
4,703,060 
0.04% 
03.2020 
13,288,330,265 
153,032,401 
1.15% 
51,391,024 
0.39% 
15,809,524 
0.12% 
14,794,863 
0.11% 
0.00 
5,961,181 
0.04% 
2,315,507 
0.02% 
1,874,968 
0.01% 
4,643,207 
0.03% 
04.2020 
12,984,425,228 
218,850,390 
1.69% 
98,753,584 
0.76% 
22,066,631 
0.17% 
21,167,697 
0.16% 
0.00 
9,029,396 
0.07% 
4,736,974 
0.04% 
2,031,714 
0.02% 
5,369,614 
0.04% 
05.2020 
12,783,058,233 
204,389,514 
1.60% 
139,791,876 
1.09% 
57,155,065 
0.45% 
32,608,293 
0.26% 
0.00 
14,858,619 
0.12% 
7,246,021 
0.06% 
4,130,590 
0.03% 
6,373,063 
0.05% 
06.2020 
12,916,802,836 
109,595,951 
0.85% 
71,566,554 
0.55% 
95,137,197 
0.74% 
59,157,830 
0.46% 
0.00 
32,838,360 
0.25% 
11,589,635 
0.09% 
5,860,439 
0.05% 
8,869,396 
0.07% 
07.2020 
13,112,939,170 
96,706,087 
0.74% 
56,828,464 
0.43% 
50,572,186 
0.39% 
102,199,152 
0.78% 
0.00 
54,946,057 
0.42% 
26,370,448 
0.20% 
7,849,125 
0.06% 
13,033,521 
0.10% 
08.2020 
13,144,064,527 
98,272,651 
0.75% 
52,096,443 
0.40% 
38,719,653 
0.29% 
103,137,223 
0.78% 
0.00 
32,401,360 
0.25% 
36,070,084 
0.27% 
20,292,123 
0.15% 
14,373,657 
0.11% 
09.2020 
13,421,015,633 
93,984,376 
0.70% 
68,558,791 
0.51% 
33,994,641 
0.25% 
97,936,066 
0.73% 
0.00 
26,012,299 
0.19% 
19,599,204 
0.15% 
25,318,237 
0.19% 
27,006,327 
0.20% 
10.2020 
13,402,622,705 
95,334,001 
0.71% 
50,866,649 
0.38% 
38,963,265 
0.29% 
92,524,216 
0.69% 
0.00 
23,908,419 
0.18% 
14,882,620 
0.11% 
12,489,126 
0.09% 
41,244,051 
0.31% 
11.2020 
13,347,863,814 
78,563,422 
0.59% 
55,934,575 
0.42% 
38,368,347 
0.29% 
88,637,442 
0.66% 
0.00 
24,519,551 
0.18% 
12,852,921 
0.10% 
9,623,362 
0.07% 
41,641,608 
0.31% 
12.2020 
13,331,379,286 
96,175,802 
0.72% 
50,797,356 
0.38% 
37,014,443 
0.28% 
87,067,527 
0.65% 
0.00 
23,069,819 
0.17% 
14,282,481 
0.11% 
8,446,638 
0.06% 
41,268,589 
0.31% 
01.2021 
13,222,096,731 
79,982,646 
0.60% 
52,853,942 
0.40% 
38,144,344 
0.29% 
87,561,337 
0.66% 
0.00 
22,927,075 
0.17% 
12,769,177 
0.10% 
10,823,091 
0.08% 
41,041,994 
0.31% 
02.2021 
13,083,703,241 
70,323,995 
0.54% 
50,629,915 
0.39% 
36,769,482 
0.28% 
78,803,595 
0.60% 
0.00 
20,166,906 
0.15% 
11,678,842 
0.09% 
8,681,918 
0.07% 
38,275,930 
0.29% 
03.2021 
13,183,967,523 
86,139,588 
0.65% 
51,719,260 
0.39% 
32,757,840 
0.25% 
70,663,784 
0.54% 
0.00 
17,316,572 
0.13% 
11,248,569 
0.09% 
7,498,855 
0.06% 
34,599,789 
0.26% 
04.2021 
13,174,411,195 
82,260,913 
0.62% 
50,238,782 
0.38% 
31,438,371 
0.24% 
65,372,925 
0.50% 
0.00 
16,194,988 
0.12% 
10,435,577 
0.08% 
7,907,275 
0.06% 
30,835,085 
0.23% 
05.2021 
13,240,464,740 
78,110,844 
0.59% 
44,552,044 
0.34% 
29,399,620 
0.22% 
65,659,875 
0.50% 
0.00 
18,579,729 
0.14% 
9,842,499 
0.07% 
6,749,245 
0.05% 
30,488,401 
0.23% 
06.2021 
13,275,976,609 
82,427,467 
0.62% 
48,942,067 
0.37% 
28,080,290 
0.21% 
59,190,214 
0.45% 
0.00 
15,366,901 
0.12% 
9,795,393 
0.07% 
7,145,855 
0.05% 
26,882,065 
0.20% 
07.2021 
13,262,871,327 
89,766,312 
0.68% 
46,727,823 
0.35% 
26,055,533 
0.20% 
50,553,317 
0.38% 
0.00 
14,684,489 
0.11% 
8,080,560 
0.06% 
5,694,161 
0.04% 
22,094,107 
0.17% 
08.2021 
13,210,120,475 
79,972,320 
0.61% 
50,495,043 
0.38% 
29,179,108 
0.22% 
46,043,657 
0.35% 
0.00 
13,298,500 
0.10% 
7,941,589 
0.06% 
5,053,305 
0.04% 
19,750,263 
0.15% 
09.2021 
13,253,494,959 
86,738,447 
0.65% 
51,740,451 
0.39% 
26,493,569 
0.20% 
41,018,755 
0.31% 
0.00 
12,903,711 
0.10% 
6,114,019 
0.05% 
4,441,529 
0.03% 
17,559,496 
0.13% 
10.2021 
13,171,881,159 
88,376,926 
0.67% 
42,928,370 
0.33% 
24,844,708 
0.19% 
36,902,566 
0.28% 
0.00 
11,843,566 
0.09% 
5,815,585 
0.04% 
4,307,106 
0.03% 
14,936,309 
0.11% 
11.2021 
13,136,780,677 
96,442,852 
0.73% 
49,246,065 
0.37% 
24,582,791 
0.19% 
34,888,656 
0.27% 
0.00 
11,094,479 
0.08% 
5,741,110 
0.04% 
3,775,812 
0.03% 
14,277,255 
0.11% 
12.2021 
13,101,158,164 
101,895,881 
0.78% 
46,892,823 
0.36% 
23,707,533 
0.18% 
33,637,036 
0.26% 
0.00 
10,385,379 
0.08% 
5,603,578 
0.04% 
3,537,265 
0.03% 
14,110,813 
0.11% 
01.2022 
13,113,026,614 
89,531,762 
0.68% 
50,154,601 
0.38% 
24,561,272 
0.19% 
33,390,055 
0.25% 
0.00 
11,637,509 
0.09% 
5,475,031 
0.04% 
3,121,299 
0.02% 
13,156,214 
0.10% 
02.2022 
12,997,428,807 
70,926,852 
0.55% 
50,195,955 
0.39% 
20,691,332 
0.16% 
26,753,843 
0.21% 
0.00 
7,522,850 
0.06% 
4,817,126 
0.04% 
2,589,911 
0.02% 
11,823,956 
0.09% 
03.2022 
13,130,953,365 
102,437,930 
0.78% 
45,751,736 
0.35% 
17,894,265 
0.14% 
24,451,914 
0.19% 
0.00 
6,887,861 
0.05% 
3,937,872 
0.03% 
2,696,679 
0.02% 
10,929,502 
0.08% 
04.2022 
13,120,160,248 
82,476,024 
0.63% 
48,245,483 
0.37% 
17,503,032 
0.13% 
23,538,836 
0.18% 
0.00 
6,581,724 
0.05% 
3,718,049 
0.03% 
2,572,690 
0.02% 
10,666,373 
0.08% 
05.2022 
13,186,713,143 
111,758,808 
0.85% 
44,010,559 
0.33% 
16,875,884 
0.13% 
23,358,690 
0.18% 
0.00 
7,095,344 
0.05% 
3,640,926 
0.03% 
1,940,570 
0.01% 
10,681,849 
0.08% 
06.2022 
13,273,043,690 
94,099,063 
0.71% 
48,197,830 
0.36% 
17,930,398 
0.14% 
21,219,783 
0.16% 
0.00 
6,137,371 
0.05% 
3,075,783 
0.02% 
2,032,700 
0.02% 
9,973,929 
0.08% 
07.2022 
13,343,069,657 
92,792,998 
0.70% 
39,438,652 
0.30% 
17,971,516 
0.13% 
22,307,604 
0.17% 
0.00 
7,358,070 
0.06% 
3,672,786 
0.03% 
1,780,399 
0.01% 
9,496,350 
0.07% 
08.2022 
13,382,329,471 
105,149,646 
0.79% 
46,084,099 
0.34% 
18,033,302 
0.13% 
22,442,900 
0.17% 
0.00 
7,189,852 
0.05% 
3,956,356 
0.03% 
2,403,896 
0.02% 
8,892,797 
0.07% 
09.2022 
13,562,009,590 
86,418,333 
0.64% 
49,305,353 
0.36% 
17,303,428 
0.13% 
24,137,899 
0.18% 
0.00 
8,366,283 
0.06% 
4,427,260 
0.03% 
2,573,361 
0.02% 
8,770,994 
0.06% 
10.2022 
13,622,872,292 
95,984,880 
0.70% 
38,566,423 
0.28% 
17,717,487 
0.13% 
27,155,466 
0.20% 
0.00 
9,346,717 
0.07% 
5,132,996 
0.04% 
3,162,745 
0.02% 
9,513,008 
0.07% 
11.2022 
13,636,332,669 
93,884,246 
0.69% 
46,850,799 
0.34% 
17,825,939 
0.13% 
28,728,951 
0.21% 
0.00 
9,406,944 
0.07% 
5,271,026 
0.04% 
3,778,358 
0.03% 
10,272,622 
0.08% 
12.2022 
13,631,688,575 
99,043,868 
0.73% 
46,594,840 
0.34% 
20,193,510 
0.15% 
31,771,254 
0.23% 
0.00 
9,245,715 
0.07% 
6,408,756 
0.05% 
4,199,360 
0.03% 
11,917,423 
0.09% 
01.2023 
13,703,764,746 
97,942,563 
0.71% 
51,202,774 
0.37% 
23,490,129 
0.17% 
36,639,637 
0.27% 
0.00 
11,422,082 
0.08% 
6,466,158 
0.05% 
5,050,939 
0.04% 
13,700,458 
0.10% 
02.2023 
13,697,287,849 
90,260,717 
0.66% 
57,336,977 
0.42% 
22,053,107 
0.16% 
38,269,993 
0.28% 
0.00 
11,509,046 
0.08% 
7,096,820 
0.05% 
4,588,419 
0.03% 
15,075,708 
0.11% 
03.2023 
13,861,580,474 
95,478,005 
0.69% 
50,260,469 
0.36% 
22,931,702 
0.17% 
39,238,706 
0.28% 
0.00 
10,049,896 
0.07% 
7,137,552 
0.05% 
5,096,729 
0.04% 
16,954,529 
0.12% 
04.2023 
13,972,742,646 
92,069,212 
0.66% 
56,180,446 
0.40% 
21,540,290 
0.15% 
44,397,038 
0.32% 
0.00 
12,648,823 
0.09% 
6,662,611 
0.05% 
6,120,457 
0.04% 
18,965,147 
0.14% 
05.2023 
14,061,587,891 
96,504,864 
0.69% 
46,480,972 
0.33% 
23,231,106 
0.17% 
48,615,963 
0.35% 
0.00 
13,606,209 
0.10% 
8,485,298 
0.06% 
5,401,433 
0.04% 
21,123,023 
0.15% 
06.2023 
14,227,320,900 
102,283,743 
0.72% 
53,031,093 
0.37% 
25,185,869 
0.18% 
48,751,696 
0.34% 
0.00 
12,085,904 
0.08% 
8,140,849 
0.06% 
6,793,510 
0.05% 
21,731,433 
0.15%

--- Page 151 ---
- 140 - 
 
 
 
 
New HP-PCP-LP 
 
Calendar Year/Month 
Principal 
Outstanding 
Delinquent 
balance 1-30  
dpd (£) 
1-30 
dpd (%) 
Delinquent 
balance 31-60  
dpd (£) 
31-60 
dpd (%) 
Delinquent 
balance 61-90  
dpd (£) 
61-90 
dpd (%) 
Delinquent 
balance 91+  
dpd (£) 
91+ 
dpd (%) 
Delinquent 
balance 91-120  
dpd (£) 
91-120 
dpd (%) 
Delinquent 
balance 121-
150 
dpd (£) 
121-
150 
dpd (%) 
Delinquent 
balance 151-
180  
dpd (£) 
151-
180 
dpd (%) 
Delinquent 
balance 180+  
dpd (£) 
180+ 
dpd (%) 
06.2007 
979,610,584 
9,393,344 
0.96% 
5,525,478 
0.56% 
2,339,484 
0.24% 
2,835,832 
0.29% 
0.00 
1,026,913 
0.10% 
625,288 
0.06% 
342,618 
0.03% 
841,013 
0.09% 
07.2007 
986,689,666 
13,452,113 
1.36% 
5,481,219 
0.56% 
2,674,191 
0.27% 
2,933,373 
0.30% 
0.00 
1,256,247 
0.13% 
451,768 
0.05% 
367,365 
0.04% 
857,993 
0.09% 
08.2007 
981,145,981 
11,726,022 
1.20% 
6,075,283 
0.62% 
2,963,575 
0.30% 
3,283,339 
0.33% 
0.00 
1,465,355 
0.15% 
663,340 
0.07% 
269,743 
0.03% 
884,900 
0.09% 
09.2007 
1,024,242,573 
15,825,843 
1.55% 
5,429,816 
0.53% 
2,784,984 
0.27% 
3,149,434 
0.31% 
0.00 
1,314,409 
0.13% 
679,326 
0.07% 
334,074 
0.03% 
821,626 
0.08% 
10.2007 
1,031,628,550 
12,225,869 
1.19% 
5,867,809 
0.57% 
2,666,253 
0.26% 
3,314,227 
0.32% 
0.00 
1,338,034 
0.13% 
644,283 
0.06% 
447,765 
0.04% 
884,145 
0.09% 
11.2007 
1,031,687,458 
11,391,643 
1.10% 
5,872,811 
0.57% 
2,928,034 
0.28% 
3,250,654 
0.32% 
0.00 
1,369,817 
0.13% 
616,407 
0.06% 
288,427 
0.03% 
976,004 
0.09% 
12.2007 
1,032,092,128 
12,872,034 
1.25% 
5,709,456 
0.55% 
2,669,661 
0.26% 
4,026,108 
0.39% 
0.00 
1,825,604 
0.18% 
717,521 
0.07% 
416,005 
0.04% 
1,066,978 
0.10% 
01.2008 
1,037,235,681 
12,545,424 
1.21% 
5,403,388 
0.52% 
3,435,085 
0.33% 
4,281,412 
0.41% 
0.00 
1,787,837 
0.17% 
1,163,424 
0.11% 
388,829 
0.04% 
941,321 
0.09% 
02.2008 
1,028,451,400 
10,211,107 
0.99% 
5,874,760 
0.57% 
2,704,052 
0.26% 
3,846,603 
0.37% 
0.00 
1,577,351 
0.15% 
789,150 
0.08% 
609,637 
0.06% 
870,465 
0.08% 
03.2008 
1,099,595,647 
13,400,509 
1.22% 
6,224,305 
0.57% 
2,966,885 
0.27% 
3,671,712 
0.33% 
0.00 
1,219,763 
0.11% 
944,052 
0.09% 
538,193 
0.05% 
969,704 
0.09% 
04.2008 
1,124,432,397 
11,658,142 
1.04% 
6,415,557 
0.57% 
2,723,023 
0.24% 
4,063,200 
0.36% 
0.00 
1,818,411 
0.16% 
703,621 
0.06% 
528,956 
0.05% 
1,012,213 
0.09% 
05.2008 
1,147,208,037 
12,634,880 
1.10% 
5,040,137 
0.44% 
2,883,124 
0.25% 
4,508,983 
0.39% 
0.00 
1,954,067 
0.17% 
946,988 
0.08% 
512,905 
0.04% 
1,095,023 
0.10% 
06.2008 
1,166,945,133 
12,660,024 
1.08% 
6,070,837 
0.52% 
2,582,368 
0.22% 
4,335,763 
0.37% 
0.00 
1,339,476 
0.11% 
1,262,552 
0.11% 
564,214 
0.05% 
1,169,521 
0.10% 
07.2008 
1,176,930,405 
13,495,050 
1.15% 
6,179,315 
0.53% 
2,530,279 
0.21% 
3,952,515 
0.34% 
0.00 
1,258,955 
0.11% 
706,804 
0.06% 
759,874 
0.06% 
1,226,882 
0.10% 
08.2008 
1,175,528,565 
13,852,554 
1.18% 
7,036,344 
0.60% 
3,607,148 
0.31% 
3,985,618 
0.34% 
0.00 
1,448,365 
0.12% 
785,535 
0.07% 
545,112 
0.05% 
1,206,605 
0.10% 
09.2008 
1,227,187,500 
15,339,459 
1.25% 
7,930,741 
0.65% 
3,343,585 
0.27% 
4,625,363 
0.38% 
0.00 
1,940,825 
0.16% 
879,678 
0.07% 
527,101 
0.04% 
1,277,759 
0.10% 
10.2008 
1,234,603,561 
18,109,005 
1.47% 
8,539,548 
0.69% 
3,523,007 
0.29% 
4,756,679 
0.39% 
0.00 
1,888,703 
0.15% 
1,138,093 
0.09% 
448,980 
0.04% 
1,280,903 
0.10% 
11.2008 
1,228,810,998 
16,413,943 
1.34% 
9,496,983 
0.77% 
3,947,081 
0.32% 
5,022,732 
0.41% 
0.00 
1,830,977 
0.15% 
1,260,312 
0.10% 
642,358 
0.05% 
1,289,083 
0.10% 
12.2008 
1,220,054,430 
15,479,333 
1.27% 
8,222,500 
0.67% 
4,674,744 
0.38% 
5,731,685 
0.47% 
0.00 
2,269,138 
0.19% 
1,276,405 
0.10% 
910,320 
0.07% 
1,275,822 
0.10% 
01.2009 
1,215,030,594 
15,512,218 
1.28% 
10,525,570 
0.87% 
5,276,654 
0.43% 
6,885,343 
0.57% 
0.00 
2,831,508 
0.23% 
1,496,416 
0.12% 
1,105,849 
0.09% 
1,451,570 
0.12% 
02.2009 
1,201,682,649 
14,930,293 
1.24% 
10,743,847 
0.89% 
6,089,886 
0.51% 
7,159,033 
0.60% 
0.00 
2,786,310 
0.23% 
1,616,170 
0.13% 
1,009,045 
0.08% 
1,747,507 
0.15% 
03.2009 
1,250,100,633 
15,207,570 
1.22% 
7,599,317 
0.61% 
4,194,049 
0.34% 
7,489,407 
0.60% 
0.00 
2,853,494 
0.23% 
1,682,232 
0.13% 
1,058,343 
0.08% 
1,895,338 
0.15% 
04.2009 
1,261,050,543 
15,532,732 
1.23% 
7,955,268 
0.63% 
3,553,003 
0.28% 
7,717,930 
0.61% 
0.00 
2,040,483 
0.16% 
1,720,073 
0.14% 
1,596,056 
0.13% 
2,361,319 
0.19% 
05.2009 
1,265,855,369 
17,221,587 
1.36% 
6,845,268 
0.54% 
3,549,491 
0.28% 
7,847,261 
0.62% 
0.00 
2,227,645 
0.18% 
1,434,036 
0.11% 
1,141,577 
0.09% 
3,044,002 
0.24% 
06.2009 
1,274,324,831 
16,377,658 
1.29% 
6,563,029 
0.52% 
3,104,468 
0.24% 
7,167,364 
0.56% 
0.00 
1,991,445 
0.16% 
1,447,706 
0.11% 
942,458 
0.07% 
2,785,755 
0.22% 
07.2009 
1,280,741,000 
19,770,853 
1.54% 
5,903,448 
0.46% 
3,067,074 
0.24% 
6,723,924 
0.53% 
0.00 
1,453,473 
0.11% 
1,338,592 
0.10% 
1,052,819 
0.08% 
2,879,040 
0.22% 
08.2009 
1,283,956,254 
14,025,668 
1.09% 
10,492,406 
0.82% 
3,225,408 
0.25% 
6,128,900 
0.48% 
0.00 
1,893,756 
0.15% 
1,065,413 
0.08% 
647,545 
0.05% 
2,522,186 
0.20% 
09.2009 
1,332,531,117 
17,730,006 
1.33% 
8,624,241 
0.65% 
4,844,347 
0.36% 
5,947,491 
0.45% 
0.00 
1,835,205 
0.14% 
1,098,220 
0.08% 
789,053 
0.06% 
2,225,014 
0.17% 
10.2009 
1,346,527,418 
17,850,541 
1.33% 
6,793,018 
0.50% 
4,747,826 
0.35% 
7,162,506 
0.53% 
0.00 
3,296,535 
0.24% 
973,954 
0.07% 
725,406 
0.05% 
2,166,611 
0.16% 
11.2009 
1,350,615,615 
15,034,158 
1.11% 
7,493,758 
0.55% 
3,906,963 
0.29% 
7,650,361 
0.57% 
0.00 
2,957,804 
0.22% 
2,047,986 
0.15% 
603,709 
0.04% 
2,040,862 
0.15% 
12.2009 
1,371,123,082 
17,436,721 
1.27% 
7,059,361 
0.51% 
2,778,187 
0.20% 
5,223,182 
0.38% 
0.00 
1,408,668 
0.10% 
1,085,896 
0.08% 
560,901 
0.04% 
2,167,717 
0.16% 
01.2010 
1,373,732,354 
17,150,613 
1.25% 
7,690,639 
0.56% 
3,395,190 
0.25% 
4,751,760 
0.35% 
0.00 
1,506,722 
0.11% 
673,989 
0.05% 
686,610 
0.05% 
1,884,438 
0.14% 
02.2010 
1,365,525,571 
16,389,453 
1.20% 
7,944,398 
0.58% 
2,576,756 
0.19% 
4,200,575 
0.31% 
0.00 
1,142,068 
0.08% 
814,216 
0.06% 
378,458 
0.03% 
1,865,832 
0.14% 
03.2010 
1,441,389,847 
18,421,619 
1.28% 
8,153,776 
0.57% 
2,200,020 
0.15% 
4,235,987 
0.29% 
0.00 
1,081,234 
0.08% 
775,964 
0.05% 
628,875 
0.04% 
1,749,914 
0.12% 
04.2010 
1,470,146,639 
18,779,977 
1.28% 
7,240,088 
0.49% 
3,937,618 
0.27% 
4,274,995 
0.29% 
0.00 
1,104,795 
0.08% 
636,334 
0.04% 
601,878 
0.04% 
1,931,988 
0.13% 
05.2010 
1,498,181,026 
15,691,946 
1.05% 
6,130,784 
0.41% 
3,253,117 
0.22% 
5,307,329 
0.35% 
0.00 
2,178,609 
0.15% 
624,430 
0.04% 
452,609 
0.03% 
2,051,681 
0.14% 
06.2010 
1,518,501,502 
15,471,210 
1.02% 
6,143,843 
0.40% 
2,973,392 
0.20% 
5,176,838 
0.34% 
0.00 
1,676,833 
0.11% 
1,174,429 
0.08% 
496,019 
0.03% 
1,829,557 
0.12% 
07.2010 
1,526,331,626 
16,234,244 
1.06% 
5,629,709 
0.37% 
2,768,273 
0.18% 
5,156,177 
0.34% 
0.00 
1,600,996 
0.10% 
824,784 
0.05% 
717,333 
0.05% 
2,013,064 
0.13% 
08.2010 
1,521,749,382 
13,538,022 
0.89% 
6,519,007 
0.43% 
2,997,128 
0.20% 
4,746,867 
0.31% 
0.00 
1,161,056 
0.08% 
844,324 
0.06% 
532,746 
0.04% 
2,208,741 
0.15% 
09.2010 
1,595,640,421 
14,900,582 
0.93% 
5,982,335 
0.37% 
2,396,344 
0.15% 
4,916,468 
0.31% 
0.00 
1,509,268 
0.09% 
691,556 
0.04% 
611,323 
0.04% 
2,104,321 
0.13% 
10.2010 
1,620,599,531 
15,927,129 
0.98% 
5,140,424 
0.32% 
2,438,192 
0.15% 
4,999,507 
0.31% 
0.00 
1,384,831 
0.09% 
876,185 
0.05% 
452,902 
0.03% 
2,285,588 
0.14% 
11.2010 
1,645,696,997 
15,646,572 
0.95% 
5,098,288 
0.31% 
2,354,839 
0.14% 
4,565,953 
0.28% 
0.00 
1,094,357 
0.07% 
803,022 
0.05% 
596,333 
0.04% 
2,072,241 
0.13% 
12.2010 
1,667,029,293 
16,358,261 
0.98% 
5,777,086 
0.35% 
2,617,941 
0.16% 
4,724,223 
0.28% 
0.00 
1,288,921 
0.08% 
742,598 
0.04% 
595,712 
0.04% 
2,096,992 
0.13% 
01.2011 
1,670,792,535 
14,343,259 
0.86% 
6,848,038 
0.41% 
3,327,955 
0.20% 
4,938,264 
0.30% 
0.00 
1,394,898 
0.08% 
832,511 
0.05% 
536,228 
0.03% 
2,174,626 
0.13% 
02.2011 
1,660,695,853 
13,715,385 
0.83% 
6,146,678 
0.37% 
3,209,914 
0.19% 
4,829,208 
0.29% 
0.00 
1,412,997 
0.09% 
776,018 
0.05% 
636,637 
0.04% 
2,003,556 
0.12% 
03.2011 
1,776,108,038 
19,955,970 
1.12% 
6,653,945 
0.37% 
2,486,006 
0.14% 
3,995,501 
0.22% 
0.00 
1,117,443 
0.06% 
552,020 
0.03% 
507,048 
0.03% 
1,818,990 
0.10% 
04.2011 
1,811,275,725 
16,406,518 
0.91% 
6,347,262 
0.35% 
3,184,968 
0.18% 
4,230,706 
0.23% 
0.00 
1,171,425 
0.06% 
780,299 
0.04% 
410,839 
0.02% 
1,868,144 
0.10% 
05.2011 
1,858,074,962 
16,814,415 
0.90% 
5,348,395 
0.29% 
2,605,260 
0.14% 
4,856,966 
0.26% 
0.00 
1,920,254 
0.10% 
586,214 
0.03% 
662,363 
0.04% 
1,688,135 
0.09% 
06.2011 
1,899,253,588 
17,073,239 
0.90% 
5,431,867 
0.29% 
2,616,079 
0.14% 
4,394,586 
0.23% 
0.00 
1,424,291 
0.07% 
973,302 
0.05% 
421,346 
0.02% 
1,575,647 
0.08% 
07.2011 
1,926,157,693 
17,632,090 
0.92% 
5,420,551 
0.28% 
2,316,152 
0.12% 
5,185,753 
0.27% 
0.00 
1,646,189 
0.09% 
1,092,059 
0.06% 
757,625 
0.04% 
1,689,880 
0.09% 
08.2011 
1,936,445,064 
17,325,992 
0.89% 
5,223,454 
0.27% 
2,410,568 
0.12% 
4,665,209 
0.24% 
0.00 
1,157,443 
0.06% 
939,336 
0.05% 
771,262 
0.04% 
1,797,167 
0.09% 
09.2011 
2,031,218,125 
16,950,611 
0.83% 
5,422,721 
0.27% 
2,183,736 
0.11% 
4,336,220 
0.21% 
0.00 
1,260,086 
0.06% 
748,613 
0.04% 
496,070 
0.02% 
1,831,452 
0.09% 
10.2011 
2,054,755,930 
17,085,372 
0.83% 
4,770,765 
0.23% 
2,635,280 
0.13% 
4,173,066 
0.20% 
0.00 
1,280,275 
0.06% 
749,796 
0.04% 
464,524 
0.02% 
1,678,471 
0.08% 
11.2011 
2,080,038,682 
16,340,038 
0.79% 
5,696,281 
0.27% 
2,441,007 
0.12% 
4,010,741 
0.19% 
0.00 
1,423,470 
0.07% 
787,678 
0.04% 
374,361 
0.02% 
1,425,233 
0.07% 
12.2011 
2,102,893,829 
18,725,160 
0.89% 
5,319,481 
0.25% 
2,318,139 
0.11% 
4,308,784 
0.20% 
0.00 
1,435,810 
0.07% 
1,000,747 
0.05% 
503,340 
0.02% 
1,368,887 
0.07% 
01.2012 
2,121,407,663 
18,512,529 
0.87% 
6,410,887 
0.30% 
2,517,067 
0.12% 
4,302,194 
0.20% 
0.00 
1,431,668 
0.07% 
980,817 
0.05% 
568,222 
0.03% 
1,321,488 
0.06% 
02.2012 
2,122,307,634 
16,984,137 
0.80% 
5,805,275 
0.27% 
2,240,356 
0.11% 
3,816,821 
0.18% 
0.00 
1,205,363 
0.06% 
703,138 
0.03% 
481,688 
0.02% 
1,426,632 
0.07% 
03.2012 
2,294,873,397 
20,097,082 
0.88% 
5,936,797 
0.26% 
2,018,148 
0.09% 
3,487,521 
0.15% 
0.00 
1,098,751 
0.05% 
626,658 
0.03% 
504,220 
0.02% 
1,257,891 
0.05% 
04.2012 
2,354,139,517 
17,896,800 
0.76% 
6,990,044 
0.30% 
2,620,835 
0.11% 
3,262,262 
0.14% 
0.00 
1,037,611 
0.04% 
607,193 
0.03% 
481,003 
0.02% 
1,136,455 
0.05% 
05.2012 
2,427,818,833 
28,270,853 
1.16% 
7,088,757 
0.29% 
2,693,668 
0.11% 
3,533,497 
0.15% 
0.00 
1,597,536 
0.07% 
549,847 
0.02% 
278,746 
0.01% 
1,107,368 
0.05% 
06.2012 
2,493,863,886 
28,160,844 
1.13% 
7,334,612 
0.29% 
2,797,425 
0.11% 
3,796,110 
0.15% 
0.00 
1,500,185 
0.06% 
815,453 
0.03% 
361,307 
0.01% 
1,119,165 
0.04% 
07.2012 
2,543,026,406 
24,616,424 
0.97% 
6,778,789 
0.27% 
2,360,761 
0.09% 
3,818,432 
0.15% 
0.00 
1,464,251 
0.06% 
794,934 
0.03% 
527,063 
0.02% 
1,032,184 
0.04% 
08.2012 
2,568,971,325 
24,053,963 
0.94% 
6,985,130 
0.27% 
2,716,689 
0.11% 
3,739,383 
0.15% 
0.00 
1,323,012 
0.05% 
800,695 
0.03% 
500,177 
0.02% 
1,115,498 
0.04% 
09.2012 
2,735,758,520 
24,657,965 
0.90% 
8,325,999 
0.30% 
2,929,169 
0.11% 
3,951,750 
0.14% 
0.00 
1,449,390 
0.05% 
762,982 
0.03% 
550,345 
0.02% 
1,189,034 
0.04% 
10.2012 
2,788,087,159 
24,180,180 
0.87% 
7,005,079 
0.25% 
2,508,909 
0.09% 
3,486,438 
0.13% 
0.00 
1,265,203 
0.05% 
756,194 
0.03% 
368,315 
0.01% 
1,096,726 
0.04% 
11.2012 
2,831,485,245 
26,272,136 
0.93% 
6,876,384 
0.24% 
3,001,911 
0.11% 
3,015,106 
0.11% 
0.00 
967,538 
0.03% 
513,493 
0.02% 
375,606 
0.01% 
1,158,468 
0.04% 
12.2012 
2,850,110,785 
23,554,232 
0.83% 
8,334,207 
0.29% 
3,365,761 
0.12% 
3,639,478 
0.13% 
0.00 
1,418,905 
0.05% 
758,360 
0.03% 
331,724 
0.01% 
1,130,489 
0.04% 
01.2013 
2,864,645,870 
23,225,020 
0.81% 
8,602,966 
0.30% 
4,760,525 
0.17% 
3,964,085 
0.14% 
0.00 
1,590,263 
0.06% 
881,545 
0.03% 
344,080 
0.01% 
1,148,198 
0.04%

--- Page 152 ---
- 141 - 
 
 
 
Calendar Year/Month 
Principal 
Outstanding 
Delinquent 
balance 1-30  
dpd (£) 
1-30 
dpd (%) 
Delinquent 
balance 31-60  
dpd (£) 
31-60 
dpd (%) 
Delinquent 
balance 61-90  
dpd (£) 
61-90 
dpd (%) 
Delinquent 
balance 91+  
dpd (£) 
91+ 
dpd (%) 
Delinquent 
balance 91-120  
dpd (£) 
91-120 
dpd (%) 
Delinquent 
balance 121-
150 
dpd (£) 
121-
150 
dpd (%) 
Delinquent 
balance 151-
180  
dpd (£) 
151-
180 
dpd (%) 
Delinquent 
balance 180+  
dpd (£) 
180+ 
dpd (%) 
02.2013 
2,870,070,951 
21,194,384 
0.74% 
8,946,544 
0.31% 
3,940,154 
0.14% 
4,516,914 
0.16% 
0.00 
2,040,756 
0.07% 
844,128 
0.03% 
452,613 
0.02% 
1,179,417 
0.04% 
03.2013 
3,069,343,467 
119,439,616 
3.89% 
9,366,850 
0.31% 
3,637,061 
0.12% 
5,259,808 
0.17% 
0.00 
2,198,668 
0.07% 
1,212,433 
0.04% 
457,152 
0.01% 
1,391,555 
0.05% 
04.2013 
3,132,537,787 
26,050,080 
0.83% 
9,540,273 
0.30% 
4,257,055 
0.14% 
5,142,248 
0.16% 
0.00 
1,620,967 
0.05% 
1,260,345 
0.04% 
842,018 
0.03% 
1,418,917 
0.05% 
05.2013 
3,196,226,700 
26,028,267 
0.81% 
8,517,219 
0.27% 
4,139,529 
0.13% 
5,856,820 
0.18% 
0.00 
2,478,065 
0.08% 
1,029,170 
0.03% 
778,617 
0.02% 
1,570,968 
0.05% 
06.2013 
3,281,973,367 
26,573,869 
0.81% 
9,665,957 
0.29% 
4,685,367 
0.14% 
5,654,713 
0.17% 
0.00 
2,137,380 
0.07% 
1,299,749 
0.04% 
589,334 
0.02% 
1,628,250 
0.05% 
07.2013 
3,342,030,374 
39,513,153 
1.18% 
11,859,179 
0.35% 
4,423,865 
0.13% 
6,078,207 
0.18% 
0.00 
2,394,778 
0.07% 
1,312,305 
0.04% 
667,734 
0.02% 
1,703,390 
0.05% 
08.2013 
3,401,998,125 
25,945,188 
0.76% 
13,004,891 
0.38% 
5,712,225 
0.17% 
6,540,074 
0.19% 
0.00 
2,247,896 
0.07% 
1,539,301 
0.05% 
753,715 
0.02% 
1,999,161 
0.06% 
09.2013 
3,629,092,298 
26,249,436 
0.72% 
11,994,835 
0.33% 
4,806,192 
0.13% 
7,313,078 
0.20% 
0.00 
2,974,468 
0.08% 
1,413,081 
0.04% 
1,045,195 
0.03% 
1,880,335 
0.05% 
10.2013 
3,701,842,596 
29,232,229 
0.79% 
9,651,863 
0.26% 
4,334,306 
0.12% 
6,842,920 
0.18% 
0.00 
2,414,029 
0.07% 
1,580,613 
0.04% 
766,901 
0.02% 
2,081,376 
0.06% 
11.2013 
3,772,250,756 
25,054,553 
0.66% 
10,042,484 
0.27% 
5,147,815 
0.14% 
7,396,734 
0.20% 
0.00 
2,331,964 
0.06% 
1,585,476 
0.04% 
1,344,512 
0.04% 
2,134,782 
0.06% 
12.2013 
3,831,972,403 
28,854,635 
0.75% 
9,420,979 
0.25% 
4,520,412 
0.12% 
8,261,791 
0.22% 
0.00 
3,169,860 
0.08% 
1,659,216 
0.04% 
1,024,778 
0.03% 
2,407,937 
0.06% 
01.2014 
3,876,841,685 
25,633,720 
0.66% 
10,213,711 
0.26% 
5,182,773 
0.13% 
8,573,427 
0.22% 
0.00 
2,698,635 
0.07% 
2,211,749 
0.06% 
1,180,503 
0.03% 
2,482,540 
0.06% 
02.2014 
3,926,858,402 
22,285,690 
0.57% 
9,490,153 
0.24% 
4,994,825 
0.13% 
7,816,596 
0.20% 
0.00 
2,276,583 
0.06% 
1,601,233 
0.04% 
1,190,781 
0.03% 
2,747,999 
0.07% 
03.2014 
4,201,612,266 
27,235,500 
0.65% 
8,509,136 
0.20% 
4,622,088 
0.11% 
7,018,159 
0.17% 
0.00 
1,923,598 
0.05% 
1,458,121 
0.03% 
970,227 
0.02% 
2,666,213 
0.06% 
04.2014 
4,276,558,798 
29,940,365 
0.70% 
10,123,510 
0.24% 
4,179,281 
0.10% 
8,056,315 
0.19% 
0.00 
2,587,971 
0.06% 
1,391,038 
0.03% 
1,177,370 
0.03% 
2,899,936 
0.07% 
05.2014 
4,371,823,161 
27,348,056 
0.63% 
8,642,967 
0.20% 
4,623,764 
0.11% 
7,894,697 
0.18% 
0.00 
2,398,738 
0.05% 
1,531,107 
0.04% 
1,050,423 
0.02% 
2,914,429 
0.07% 
06.2014 
4,457,887,483 
25,194,654 
0.57% 
9,194,352 
0.21% 
4,686,190 
0.11% 
8,270,378 
0.19% 
0.00 
2,518,016 
0.06% 
1,556,613 
0.03% 
1,239,162 
0.03% 
2,956,587 
0.07% 
07.2014 
4,521,094,933 
28,105,308 
0.62% 
8,060,479 
0.18% 
4,292,809 
0.09% 
7,797,812 
0.17% 
0.00 
2,324,231 
0.05% 
1,523,413 
0.03% 
1,007,203 
0.02% 
2,942,965 
0.07% 
08.2014 
4,565,522,354 
24,643,541 
0.54% 
10,117,952 
0.22% 
4,646,947 
0.10% 
9,200,050 
0.20% 
0.00 
3,286,926 
0.07% 
1,802,938 
0.04% 
1,001,665 
0.02% 
3,108,521 
0.07% 
09.2014 
4,809,042,804 
27,989,912 
0.58% 
10,017,421 
0.21% 
4,822,548 
0.10% 
9,013,929 
0.19% 
0.00 
2,986,152 
0.06% 
2,156,758 
0.04% 
870,420 
0.02% 
3,000,600 
0.06% 
10.2014 
4,883,864,578 
31,200,996 
0.64% 
9,025,626 
0.18% 
4,870,130 
0.10% 
9,145,311 
0.19% 
0.00 
2,768,270 
0.06% 
2,172,985 
0.04% 
1,425,915 
0.03% 
2,778,142 
0.06% 
11.2014 
4,943,352,230 
24,178,871 
0.49% 
10,293,824 
0.21% 
5,339,089 
0.11% 
9,442,972 
0.19% 
0.00 
3,321,357 
0.07% 
1,844,360 
0.04% 
1,269,846 
0.03% 
3,007,409 
0.06% 
12.2014 
4,985,097,188 
29,681,796 
0.60% 
9,185,561 
0.18% 
4,872,658 
0.10% 
9,507,692 
0.19% 
0.00 
3,567,298 
0.07% 
1,998,559 
0.04% 
809,278 
0.02% 
3,132,557 
0.06% 
01.2015 
5,012,594,119 
26,827,360 
0.54% 
12,991,646 
0.26% 
5,443,846 
0.11% 
9,774,978 
0.20% 
0.00 
3,185,366 
0.06% 
2,367,489 
0.05% 
1,158,416 
0.02% 
3,063,708 
0.06% 
02.2015 
5,032,881,376 
24,804,132 
0.49% 
11,894,413 
0.24% 
5,487,489 
0.11% 
9,032,930 
0.18% 
0.00 
2,841,001 
0.06% 
1,793,001 
0.04% 
1,301,443 
0.03% 
3,097,486 
0.06% 
03.2015 
5,309,012,781 
32,792,239 
0.62% 
11,387,127 
0.21% 
5,113,815 
0.10% 
9,313,791 
0.18% 
0.00 
3,531,611 
0.07% 
1,854,804 
0.03% 
1,116,792 
0.02% 
2,810,584 
0.05% 
04.2015 
5,382,078,223 
20,439,320 
0.38% 
10,737,850 
0.20% 
4,784,300 
0.09% 
8,855,537 
0.16% 
0.00 
3,040,932 
0.06% 
2,080,843 
0.04% 
1,166,368 
0.02% 
2,567,393 
0.05% 
05.2015 
5,464,424,311 
29,533,305 
0.54% 
9,938,590 
0.18% 
5,170,214 
0.09% 
10,484,659 
0.19% 
0.00 
4,136,973 
0.08% 
1,927,842 
0.04% 
1,593,794 
0.03% 
2,826,049 
0.05% 
06.2015 
5,573,691,786 
43,284,649 
0.78% 
11,529,368 
0.21% 
5,456,147 
0.10% 
9,663,194 
0.17% 
0.00 
3,112,124 
0.06% 
2,464,884 
0.04% 
1,158,733 
0.02% 
2,927,453 
0.05% 
07.2015 
5,660,244,989 
39,529,919 
0.70% 
10,032,329 
0.18% 
6,067,401 
0.11% 
10,235,981 
0.18% 
0.00 
3,702,303 
0.07% 
2,176,100 
0.04% 
1,475,493 
0.03% 
2,882,085 
0.05% 
08.2015 
5,718,517,499 
26,727,919 
0.47% 
13,448,486 
0.24% 
5,362,779 
0.09% 
11,879,629 
0.21% 
0.00 
4,123,749 
0.07% 
2,934,836 
0.05% 
1,547,670 
0.03% 
3,273,373 
0.06% 
09.2015 
6,027,809,433 
29,719,990 
0.49% 
13,060,246 
0.22% 
5,636,508 
0.09% 
12,276,128 
0.20% 
0.00 
3,967,336 
0.07% 
2,977,448 
0.05% 
2,044,386 
0.03% 
3,286,959 
0.05% 
10.2015 
6,109,485,867 
30,344,750 
0.50% 
10,834,693 
0.18% 
4,928,787 
0.08% 
13,734,737 
0.22% 
0.00 
4,251,596 
0.07% 
2,792,089 
0.05% 
2,381,621 
0.04% 
4,309,432 
0.07% 
11.2015 
6,048,202,392 
27,271,331 
0.45% 
12,297,934 
0.20% 
5,605,421 
0.09% 
13,563,204 
0.22% 
0.00 
3,578,922 
0.06% 
3,076,561 
0.05% 
2,335,086 
0.04% 
4,572,636 
0.08% 
12.2015 
6,217,021,214 
32,819,524 
0.53% 
10,250,757 
0.16% 
5,287,009 
0.09% 
14,250,073 
0.23% 
0.00 
4,215,108 
0.07% 
2,935,945 
0.05% 
1,948,504 
0.03% 
5,150,516 
0.08% 
01.2016 
6,264,830,623 
29,272,605 
0.47% 
13,379,413 
0.21% 
6,281,293 
0.10% 
13,411,314 
0.21% 
0.00 
3,758,337 
0.06% 
3,193,248 
0.05% 
1,918,420 
0.03% 
4,541,309 
0.07% 
02.2016 
6,308,322,165 
30,008,385 
0.48% 
12,919,320 
0.20% 
6,318,943 
0.10% 
13,558,308 
0.21% 
0.00 
4,351,272 
0.07% 
2,323,247 
0.04% 
2,323,087 
0.04% 
4,560,702 
0.07% 
03.2016 
6,708,943,633 
38,638,526 
0.58% 
12,528,401 
0.19% 
5,220,234 
0.08% 
12,170,835 
0.18% 
0.00 
3,970,905 
0.06% 
2,279,031 
0.03% 
1,408,009 
0.02% 
4,512,891 
0.07% 
04.2016 
6,802,615,024 
32,245,570 
0.47% 
14,188,328 
0.21% 
5,658,717 
0.08% 
11,092,198 
0.16% 
0.00 
3,646,584 
0.05% 
2,391,553 
0.04% 
1,250,421 
0.02% 
3,803,640 
0.06% 
05.2016 
6,882,300,585 
33,644,166 
0.49% 
10,735,501 
0.16% 
6,599,598 
0.10% 
11,052,214 
0.16% 
0.00 
3,791,923 
0.06% 
2,225,675 
0.03% 
1,640,511 
0.02% 
3,394,103 
0.05% 
06.2016 
6,962,858,160 
36,115,272 
0.52% 
13,081,423 
0.19% 
5,704,570 
0.08% 
8,131,598 
0.12% 
0.00 
3,204,425 
0.05% 
1,417,818 
0.02% 
851,094 
0.01% 
2,658,260 
0.04% 
07.2016 
7,011,500,454 
37,182,813 
0.53% 
11,858,852 
0.17% 
5,221,126 
0.07% 
8,480,204 
0.12% 
0.00 
2,821,716 
0.04% 
1,918,712 
0.03% 
911,827 
0.01% 
2,827,949 
0.04% 
08.2016 
7,025,573,310 
39,606,179 
0.56% 
15,769,831 
0.22% 
6,065,338 
0.09% 
9,098,166 
0.13% 
0.00 
3,313,087 
0.05% 
1,654,194 
0.02% 
1,179,825 
0.02% 
2,951,060 
0.04% 
09.2016 
7,326,856,804 
38,066,609 
0.52% 
17,806,785 
0.24% 
5,804,273 
0.08% 
7,963,453 
0.11% 
0.00 
2,773,620 
0.04% 
1,459,800 
0.02% 
770,798 
0.01% 
2,959,235 
0.04% 
10.2016 
7,383,065,103 
40,538,295 
0.55% 
15,350,750 
0.21% 
5,919,153 
0.08% 
8,896,070 
0.12% 
0.00 
3,644,897 
0.05% 
1,453,841 
0.02% 
1,027,686 
0.01% 
2,769,646 
0.04% 
11.2016 
7,443,102,789 
37,181,335 
0.50% 
17,067,434 
0.23% 
7,147,618 
0.10% 
8,617,917 
0.12% 
0.00 
3,251,291 
0.04% 
1,734,120 
0.02% 
975,179 
0.01% 
2,657,327 
0.04% 
12.2016 
7,480,712,528 
37,027,887 
0.49% 
14,248,639 
0.19% 
7,240,386 
0.10% 
10,378,657 
0.14% 
0.00 
4,354,916 
0.06% 
1,976,320 
0.03% 
1,249,223 
0.02% 
2,798,197 
0.04% 
01.2017 
7,507,105,741 
45,192,369 
0.60% 
17,309,378 
0.23% 
6,774,895 
0.09% 
11,347,521 
0.15% 
0.00 
4,566,034 
0.06% 
2,506,451 
0.03% 
1,232,293 
0.02% 
3,042,743 
0.04% 
02.2017 
7,502,194,847 
38,497,403 
0.51% 
18,602,364 
0.25% 
6,797,857 
0.09% 
10,001,799 
0.13% 
0.00 
3,548,412 
0.05% 
2,128,522 
0.03% 
1,324,609 
0.02% 
3,000,256 
0.04% 
03.2017 
7,842,022,346 
47,421,170 
0.60% 
17,650,872 
0.23% 
6,459,722 
0.08% 
9,438,735 
0.12% 
0.00 
3,026,373 
0.04% 
2,002,840 
0.03% 
1,116,871 
0.01% 
3,292,651 
0.04% 
04.2017 
7,841,808,298 
36,429,370 
0.46% 
21,289,651 
0.27% 
7,402,158 
0.09% 
10,657,943 
0.14% 
0.00 
3,580,236 
0.05% 
2,046,737 
0.03% 
1,517,216 
0.02% 
3,513,754 
0.04% 
05.2017 
7,888,302,726 
48,606,970 
0.62% 
17,801,504 
0.23% 
7,401,945 
0.09% 
12,888,212 
0.16% 
0.00 
5,035,733 
0.06% 
2,431,696 
0.03% 
1,413,670 
0.02% 
4,007,112 
0.05% 
06.2017 
7,970,587,190 
41,873,201 
0.53% 
19,360,796 
0.24% 
7,605,964 
0.10% 
12,174,132 
0.15% 
0.00 
4,235,355 
0.05% 
2,622,870 
0.03% 
1,387,971 
0.02% 
3,927,935 
0.05% 
07.2017 
8,004,130,647 
44,683,715 
0.56% 
17,917,678 
0.22% 
8,235,045 
0.10% 
11,801,185 
0.15% 
0.00 
4,548,203 
0.06% 
1,787,376 
0.02% 
1,595,080 
0.02% 
3,870,526 
0.05% 
08.2017 
8,003,463,015 
40,818,161 
0.51% 
19,935,316 
0.25% 
8,714,202 
0.11% 
10,732,290 
0.13% 
0.00 
4,064,316 
0.05% 
1,960,535 
0.02% 
1,017,286 
0.01% 
3,690,153 
0.05% 
09.2017 
8,281,110,441 
42,841,325 
0.52% 
22,330,681 
0.27% 
7,839,415 
0.09% 
10,651,679 
0.13% 
0.00 
3,936,471 
0.05% 
1,854,514 
0.02% 
1,256,485 
0.02% 
3,604,210 
0.04% 
10.2017 
8,296,641,723 
61,701,538 
0.74% 
20,744,663 
0.25% 
8,254,059 
0.10% 
10,292,842 
0.12% 
0.00 
3,721,675 
0.04% 
2,189,250 
0.03% 
907,636 
0.01% 
3,474,283 
0.04% 
11.2017 
8,323,404,951 
52,937,698 
0.64% 
24,693,896 
0.30% 
9,322,116 
0.11% 
11,136,048 
0.13% 
0.00 
3,932,116 
0.05% 
2,228,713 
0.03% 
1,559,444 
0.02% 
3,415,775 
0.04% 
12.2017 
8,312,905,246 
50,394,764 
0.61% 
23,721,273 
0.29% 
9,591,470 
0.12% 
13,362,946 
0.16% 
0.00 
4,894,379 
0.06% 
2,693,234 
0.03% 
1,615,352 
0.02% 
4,159,981 
0.05% 
01.2018 
8,300,448,035 
55,899,473 
0.67% 
28,388,199 
0.34% 
10,702,845 
0.13% 
12,629,499 
0.15% 
0.00 
4,571,802 
0.06% 
2,780,518 
0.03% 
1,261,416 
0.02% 
4,015,763 
0.05% 
02.2018 
8,268,964,912 
44,550,410 
0.54% 
31,969,999 
0.39% 
10,551,686 
0.13% 
13,728,520 
0.17% 
0.00 
4,679,597 
0.06% 
3,006,467 
0.04% 
1,823,919 
0.02% 
4,218,537 
0.05% 
03.2018 
8,582,297,931 
51,391,187 
0.60% 
28,789,202 
0.34% 
10,504,987 
0.12% 
14,508,927 
0.17% 
0.00 
4,765,528 
0.06% 
2,882,920 
0.03% 
2,109,199 
0.02% 
4,751,280 
0.06% 
04.2018 
8,596,402,886 
53,461,321 
0.62% 
30,688,681 
0.36% 
9,759,972 
0.11% 
13,277,642 
0.15% 
0.00 
3,826,496 
0.04% 
2,482,511 
0.03% 
1,790,695 
0.02% 
5,177,940 
0.06% 
05.2018 
8,632,621,441 
60,226,563 
0.70% 
27,212,075 
0.32% 
9,708,033 
0.11% 
14,076,276 
0.16% 
0.00 
4,311,884 
0.05% 
2,303,874 
0.03% 
1,843,466 
0.02% 
5,617,052 
0.07% 
06.2018 
8,718,930,845 
48,965,465 
0.56% 
31,227,157 
0.36% 
10,034,749 
0.12% 
13,821,486 
0.16% 
0.00 
4,119,142 
0.05% 
2,697,821 
0.03% 
1,403,511 
0.02% 
5,601,013 
0.06% 
07.2018 
8,724,321,132 
66,947,675 
0.77% 
27,795,780 
0.32% 
10,727,723 
0.12% 
14,515,431 
0.17% 
0.00 
4,684,864 
0.05% 
2,769,065 
0.03% 
1,779,975 
0.02% 
5,281,527 
0.06% 
08.2018 
8,632,576,495 
60,468,352 
0.70% 
30,082,045 
0.35% 
10,855,000 
0.13% 
13,931,420 
0.16% 
0.00 
4,711,951 
0.05% 
2,368,569 
0.03% 
1,604,970 
0.02% 
5,245,930 
0.06% 
09.2018 
8,640,379,299 
48,157,230 
0.56% 
32,375,626 
0.37% 
9,178,156 
0.11% 
11,778,127 
0.14% 
0.00 
3,385,924 
0.04% 
1,672,032 
0.02% 
1,243,607 
0.01% 
5,476,565 
0.06% 
10.2018 
8,568,077,844 
61,105,505 
0.71% 
29,630,382 
0.35% 
8,887,974 
0.10% 
11,467,719 
0.13% 
0.00 
3,062,206 
0.04% 
1,638,336 
0.02% 
1,107,560 
0.01% 
5,659,617 
0.07% 
11.2018 
8,541,766,728 
49,651,828 
0.58% 
37,360,973 
0.44% 
11,204,147 
0.13% 
12,302,988 
0.14% 
0.00 
3,743,413 
0.04% 
1,464,962 
0.02% 
1,199,809 
0.01% 
5,894,803 
0.07% 
12.2018 
8,504,032,202 
52,135,675 
0.61% 
28,131,348 
0.33% 
10,567,069 
0.12% 
13,073,557 
0.15% 
0.00 
4,414,637 
0.05% 
1,576,980 
0.02% 
1,039,931 
0.01% 
6,042,009 
0.07% 
01.2019 
8,496,361,613 
55,255,958 
0.65% 
32,612,346 
0.38% 
11,030,150 
0.13% 
13,141,232 
0.15% 
0.00 
4,594,684 
0.05% 
1,741,375 
0.02% 
1,035,381 
0.01% 
5,769,793 
0.07% 
02.2019 
8,463,471,006 
45,935,787 
0.54% 
32,591,471 
0.39% 
10,850,070 
0.13% 
12,978,680 
0.15% 
0.00 
4,075,587 
0.05% 
1,927,167 
0.02% 
1,454,775 
0.02% 
5,521,151 
0.07% 
03.2019 
8,721,589,582 
49,725,136 
0.57% 
28,166,103 
0.32% 
7,690,906 
0.09% 
10,042,701 
0.12% 
0.00 
2,290,690 
0.03% 
1,423,222 
0.02% 
1,081,648 
0.01% 
5,247,141 
0.06%

--- Page 153 ---
- 142 - 
 
 
 
Calendar Year/Month 
Principal 
Outstanding 
Delinquent 
balance 1-30  
dpd (£) 
1-30 
dpd (%) 
Delinquent 
balance 31-60  
dpd (£) 
31-60 
dpd (%) 
Delinquent 
balance 61-90  
dpd (£) 
61-90 
dpd (%) 
Delinquent 
balance 91+  
dpd (£) 
91+ 
dpd (%) 
Delinquent 
balance 91-120  
dpd (£) 
91-120 
dpd (%) 
Delinquent 
balance 121-
150 
dpd (£) 
121-
150 
dpd (%) 
Delinquent 
balance 151-
180  
dpd (£) 
151-
180 
dpd (%) 
Delinquent 
balance 180+  
dpd (£) 
180+ 
dpd (%) 
04.2019 
8,735,769,546 
60,216,893 
0.69% 
30,246,656 
0.35% 
7,983,616 
0.09% 
9,895,142 
0.11% 
0.00 
2,781,642 
0.03% 
995,823 
0.01% 
808,734 
0.01% 
5,308,942 
0.06% 
05.2019 
8,780,005,857 
73,210,261 
0.83% 
28,934,621 
0.33% 
8,199,122 
0.09% 
10,066,465 
0.11% 
0.00 
2,883,407 
0.03% 
1,171,649 
0.01% 
704,915 
0.01% 
5,306,495 
0.06% 
06.2019 
8,804,441,471 
51,130,002 
0.58% 
32,348,226 
0.37% 
9,490,658 
0.11% 
9,911,923 
0.11% 
0.00 
2,567,814 
0.03% 
1,185,512 
0.01% 
871,434 
0.01% 
5,287,163 
0.06% 
07.2019 
8,754,385,186 
60,825,642 
0.69% 
25,968,608 
0.30% 
9,085,039 
0.10% 
10,613,668 
0.12% 
0.00 
3,058,631 
0.03% 
1,232,961 
0.01% 
957,276 
0.01% 
5,364,799 
0.06% 
08.2019 
8,667,613,237 
48,548,416 
0.56% 
29,055,248 
0.34% 
8,810,971 
0.10% 
10,417,531 
0.12% 
0.00 
2,678,176 
0.03% 
1,255,375 
0.01% 
867,204 
0.01% 
5,616,776 
0.06% 
09.2019 
8,697,442,066 
47,154,789 
0.54% 
28,270,808 
0.33% 
9,118,668 
0.10% 
8,883,760 
0.10% 
0.00 
2,732,443 
0.03% 
1,254,028 
0.01% 
905,835 
0.01% 
3,991,454 
0.05% 
10.2019 
8,641,143,817 
69,054,329 
0.80% 
24,746,228 
0.29% 
8,211,218 
0.10% 
8,478,347 
0.10% 
0.00 
2,768,100 
0.03% 
961,166 
0.01% 
836,188 
0.01% 
3,912,893 
0.05% 
11.2019 
8,632,606,492 
42,809,684 
0.50% 
27,483,672 
0.32% 
8,755,116 
0.10% 
7,543,905 
0.09% 
0.00 
2,164,319 
0.03% 
1,198,933 
0.01% 
764,929 
0.01% 
3,415,723 
0.04% 
12.2019 
8,610,989,746 
50,515,237 
0.59% 
24,908,605 
0.29% 
9,447,861 
0.11% 
7,998,702 
0.09% 
0.00 
3,431,751 
0.04% 
974,774 
0.01% 
833,908 
0.01% 
2,758,269 
0.03% 
01.2020 
8,601,203,402 
54,010,783 
0.63% 
28,085,868 
0.33% 
10,124,652 
0.12% 
7,851,650 
0.09% 
0.00 
3,040,725 
0.04% 
1,395,084 
0.02% 
818,363 
0.01% 
2,597,478 
0.03% 
02.2020 
8,540,236,520 
40,277,348 
0.47% 
27,841,115 
0.33% 
9,980,729 
0.12% 
7,887,440 
0.09% 
0.00 
2,678,278 
0.03% 
1,524,158 
0.02% 
1,036,933 
0.01% 
2,648,071 
0.03% 
03.2020 
8,666,721,631 
86,858,621 
1.00% 
27,823,895 
0.32% 
8,591,670 
0.10% 
8,316,139 
0.10% 
0.00 
3,241,231 
0.04% 
1,308,055 
0.02% 
1,174,723 
0.01% 
2,592,130 
0.03% 
04.2020 
8,450,849,019 
126,614,179 
1.50% 
54,535,798 
0.65% 
11,840,076 
0.14% 
11,320,305 
0.13% 
0.00 
4,747,120 
0.06% 
2,476,177 
0.03% 
1,011,174 
0.01% 
3,085,833 
0.04% 
05.2020 
8,296,972,905 
116,784,390 
1.41% 
79,835,992 
0.96% 
31,060,845 
0.37% 
17,231,404 
0.21% 
0.00 
7,955,758 
0.10% 
3,793,746 
0.05% 
2,096,057 
0.03% 
3,385,843 
0.04% 
06.2020 
8,321,507,629 
61,649,801 
0.74% 
39,804,133 
0.48% 
54,536,436 
0.66% 
31,079,701 
0.37% 
0.00 
17,312,976 
0.21% 
6,273,479 
0.08% 
3,019,906 
0.04% 
4,473,339 
0.05% 
07.2020 
8,392,182,863 
53,270,286 
0.63% 
30,978,466 
0.37% 
28,111,371 
0.33% 
56,304,066 
0.67% 
0.00 
30,858,413 
0.37% 
14,634,691 
0.17% 
4,161,800 
0.05% 
6,649,162 
0.08% 
08.2020 
8,348,307,968 
53,348,359 
0.64% 
28,385,195 
0.34% 
20,980,230 
0.25% 
57,133,722 
0.68% 
0.00 
18,208,445 
0.22% 
20,212,416 
0.24% 
10,958,636 
0.13% 
7,754,226 
0.09% 
09.2020 
8,549,222,148 
49,542,393 
0.58% 
37,121,087 
0.43% 
17,034,194 
0.20% 
54,500,146 
0.64% 
0.00 
14,573,740 
0.17% 
10,688,945 
0.13% 
14,822,828 
0.17% 
14,414,633 
0.17% 
10.2020 
8,494,240,946 
51,660,145 
0.61% 
27,368,178 
0.32% 
19,627,918 
0.23% 
50,376,477 
0.59% 
0.00 
12,737,721 
0.15% 
8,152,839 
0.10% 
7,139,734 
0.08% 
22,346,182 
0.26% 
11.2020 
8,462,308,753 
41,700,767 
0.49% 
30,517,841 
0.36% 
19,339,565 
0.23% 
47,818,192 
0.57% 
0.00 
13,354,510 
0.16% 
7,061,650 
0.08% 
5,544,905 
0.07% 
21,857,127 
0.26% 
12.2020 
8,447,008,931 
52,545,914 
0.62% 
27,074,487 
0.32% 
18,769,405 
0.22% 
46,495,751 
0.55% 
0.00 
13,099,487 
0.16% 
7,165,022 
0.08% 
4,729,622 
0.06% 
21,501,620 
0.25% 
01.2021 
8,346,969,460 
43,963,958 
0.53% 
27,538,231 
0.33% 
19,800,182 
0.24% 
46,758,540 
0.56% 
0.00 
12,309,992 
0.15% 
7,046,769 
0.08% 
5,878,535 
0.07% 
21,523,244 
0.26% 
02.2021 
8,214,081,624 
37,593,121 
0.46% 
26,877,455 
0.33% 
19,815,593 
0.24% 
40,935,909 
0.50% 
0.00 
10,276,689 
0.13% 
6,288,520 
0.08% 
4,774,073 
0.06% 
19,596,626 
0.24% 
03.2021 
8,294,368,094 
46,911,918 
0.57% 
26,670,799 
0.32% 
17,477,240 
0.21% 
36,696,975 
0.44% 
0.00 
9,005,158 
0.11% 
6,282,178 
0.08% 
4,083,016 
0.05% 
17,326,624 
0.21% 
04.2021 
8,244,728,066 
43,490,283 
0.53% 
25,633,113 
0.31% 
16,461,704 
0.20% 
33,831,584 
0.41% 
0.00 
8,486,963 
0.10% 
5,333,884 
0.06% 
4,366,086 
0.05% 
15,644,651 
0.19% 
05.2021 
8,261,791,403 
40,584,745 
0.49% 
22,617,546 
0.27% 
14,885,057 
0.18% 
33,927,827 
0.41% 
0.00 
10,081,322 
0.12% 
5,246,832 
0.06% 
3,404,234 
0.04% 
15,195,440 
0.18% 
06.2021 
8,271,911,785 
43,470,708 
0.53% 
24,587,462 
0.30% 
14,174,285 
0.17% 
30,030,558 
0.36% 
0.00 
7,953,595 
0.10% 
5,296,269 
0.06% 
3,351,260 
0.04% 
13,429,434 
0.16% 
07.2021 
8,232,961,701 
46,240,174 
0.56% 
23,849,922 
0.29% 
12,707,731 
0.15% 
25,446,699 
0.31% 
0.00 
7,343,351 
0.09% 
3,843,306 
0.05% 
2,942,170 
0.04% 
11,317,872 
0.14% 
08.2021 
8,152,842,261 
40,642,508 
0.50% 
25,413,254 
0.31% 
14,272,133 
0.18% 
22,212,037 
0.27% 
0.00 
6,445,380 
0.08% 
3,370,501 
0.04% 
2,326,006 
0.03% 
10,070,150 
0.12% 
09.2021 
8,174,912,633 
45,141,569 
0.55% 
25,127,013 
0.31% 
13,329,216 
0.16% 
19,869,235 
0.24% 
0.00 
5,993,114 
0.07% 
2,707,986 
0.03% 
2,062,024 
0.03% 
9,106,110 
0.11% 
10.2021 
8,091,452,219 
45,008,138 
0.56% 
21,239,759 
0.26% 
12,325,506 
0.15% 
17,893,207 
0.22% 
0.00 
5,530,100 
0.07% 
2,885,372 
0.04% 
2,071,113 
0.03% 
7,406,621 
0.09% 
11.2021 
8,056,008,615 
48,204,277 
0.60% 
24,084,519 
0.30% 
12,253,501 
0.15% 
16,508,930 
0.20% 
0.00 
5,256,377 
0.07% 
2,777,621 
0.03% 
1,779,018 
0.02% 
6,695,914 
0.08% 
12.2021 
8,047,732,979 
50,600,551 
0.63% 
22,882,262 
0.28% 
11,644,773 
0.14% 
16,043,423 
0.20% 
0.00 
4,908,007 
0.06% 
2,615,847 
0.03% 
1,677,143 
0.02% 
6,842,426 
0.09% 
01.2022 
8,025,343,714 
44,556,893 
0.56% 
24,049,420 
0.30% 
11,841,462 
0.15% 
15,964,294 
0.20% 
0.00 
5,498,819 
0.07% 
2,690,857 
0.03% 
1,619,567 
0.02% 
6,155,052 
0.08% 
02.2022 
7,884,298,377 
33,053,996 
0.42% 
23,577,915 
0.30% 
9,945,577 
0.13% 
12,384,068 
0.16% 
0.00 
3,763,090 
0.05% 
2,125,685 
0.03% 
1,327,281 
0.02% 
5,168,012 
0.07% 
03.2022 
7,971,802,033 
49,324,710 
0.62% 
20,617,557 
0.26% 
8,518,660 
0.11% 
11,833,720 
0.15% 
0.00 
3,599,531 
0.05% 
2,082,516 
0.03% 
1,150,795 
0.01% 
5,000,878 
0.06% 
04.2022 
7,934,540,990 
40,928,887 
0.52% 
21,569,021 
0.27% 
8,014,238 
0.10% 
10,996,649 
0.14% 
0.00 
3,052,532 
0.04% 
2,020,784 
0.03% 
1,241,583 
0.02% 
4,681,750 
0.06% 
05.2022 
7,941,179,235 
53,188,545 
0.67% 
20,448,253 
0.26% 
6,891,265 
0.09% 
10,795,471 
0.14% 
0.00 
3,263,299 
0.04% 
1,755,126 
0.02% 
1,095,196 
0.01% 
4,681,850 
0.06% 
06.2022 
7,957,844,400 
44,235,682 
0.56% 
22,208,470 
0.28% 
7,834,867 
0.10% 
9,877,504 
0.12% 
0.00 
2,606,700 
0.03% 
1,349,598 
0.02% 
1,119,452 
0.01% 
4,801,754 
0.06% 
07.2022 
7,961,423,155 
40,380,443 
0.51% 
17,721,328 
0.22% 
7,616,154 
0.10% 
10,114,785 
0.13% 
0.00 
3,370,984 
0.04% 
1,688,625 
0.02% 
939,381 
0.01% 
4,115,794 
0.05% 
08.2022 
7,879,392,005 
49,036,892 
0.62% 
18,862,123 
0.24% 
7,330,950 
0.09% 
9,918,336 
0.13% 
0.00 
3,065,546 
0.04% 
2,018,580 
0.03% 
935,272 
0.01% 
3,898,938 
0.05% 
09.2022 
7,956,511,688 
37,902,486 
0.48% 
20,931,052 
0.26% 
6,275,797 
0.08% 
9,770,017 
0.12% 
0.00 
3,132,942 
0.04% 
1,727,606 
0.02% 
1,125,571 
0.01% 
3,783,898 
0.05% 
10.2022 
7,946,349,011 
42,299,570 
0.53% 
15,569,262 
0.20% 
7,180,574 
0.09% 
10,327,762 
0.13% 
0.00 
3,230,757 
0.04% 
1,926,151 
0.02% 
1,122,480 
0.01% 
4,048,373 
0.05% 
11.2022 
7,960,749,642 
41,286,366 
0.52% 
18,599,964 
0.23% 
6,952,620 
0.09% 
11,197,160 
0.14% 
0.00 
3,695,953 
0.05% 
2,050,746 
0.03% 
1,386,973 
0.02% 
4,063,488 
0.05% 
12.2022 
7,994,777,414 
43,731,602 
0.55% 
18,585,338 
0.23% 
7,591,224 
0.09% 
12,270,201 
0.15% 
0.00 
3,335,463 
0.04% 
2,763,923 
0.03% 
1,627,696 
0.02% 
4,543,118 
0.06% 
01.2023 
8,014,533,388 
43,417,594 
0.54% 
21,256,499 
0.27% 
8,564,822 
0.11% 
13,785,923 
0.17% 
0.00 
4,080,854 
0.05% 
2,422,294 
0.03% 
2,139,636 
0.03% 
5,143,140 
0.06% 
02.2023 
7,946,683,678 
38,684,486 
0.49% 
23,889,261 
0.30% 
7,977,753 
0.10% 
14,547,874 
0.18% 
0.00 
4,364,755 
0.05% 
2,694,813 
0.03% 
1,848,955 
0.02% 
5,639,352 
0.07% 
03.2023 
8,084,305,199 
39,937,404 
0.49% 
20,197,422 
0.25% 
9,158,611 
0.11% 
14,450,080 
0.18% 
0.00 
3,497,472 
0.04% 
2,743,121 
0.03% 
2,005,779 
0.02% 
6,203,708 
0.08% 
04.2023 
8,129,787,445 
40,644,229 
0.50% 
21,666,622 
0.27% 
8,044,689 
0.10% 
16,668,150 
0.21% 
0.00 
5,117,605 
0.06% 
2,254,620 
0.03% 
2,488,462 
0.03% 
6,807,464 
0.08% 
05.2023 
8,162,736,238 
41,789,331 
0.51% 
18,539,446 
0.23% 
8,521,551 
0.10% 
18,139,849 
0.22% 
0.00 
4,837,069 
0.06% 
3,517,908 
0.04% 
1,888,447 
0.02% 
7,896,424 
0.10% 
06.2023 
8,243,047,156 
43,845,766 
0.53% 
20,367,421 
0.25% 
9,439,549 
0.11% 
17,544,612 
0.21% 
0.00 
4,115,124 
0.05% 
2,644,614 
0.03% 
2,673,236 
0.03% 
8,111,637 
0.10% 
 
 
Used HP-PCP-LP 
 
Calendar Year/Month 
Principal 
Outstanding 
Delinquent 
balance 1-30  
dpd (£) 
1-30 
dpd (%) 
Delinquent 
balance 31-60  
dpd (£) 
31-60 
dpd (%) 
Delinquent 
balance 61-90  
dpd (£) 
61-90 
dpd (%) 
Delinquent 
balance 91+  
dpd (£) 
91+ 
dpd (%) 
Delinquent 
balance 91-120  
dpd (£) 
91-120 
dpd (%) 
Delinquent 
balance 121-
150 
dpd (£) 
121-
150 
dpd (%) 
Delinquent 
balance 151-
180  
dpd (£) 
151-
180 
dpd (%) 
Delinquent 
balance 180+  
dpd (£) 
180+ 
dpd (%) 
06.2007 
665,385,314 
8,635,050 
1.30% 
5,203,079 
0.78% 
2,476,346 
0.37% 
3,194,451 
0.48% 
0.00 
1,265,266 
0.19% 
641,547 
0.10% 
305,963 
0.05% 
981,674 
0.15% 
07.2007 
674,073,380 
12,005,047 
1.78% 
5,168,565 
0.77% 
2,534,439 
0.38% 
3,250,869 
0.48% 
0.00 
1,319,368 
0.20% 
599,289 
0.09% 
428,608 
0.06% 
903,605 
0.13% 
08.2007 
681,029,816 
10,259,209 
1.51% 
5,477,032 
0.80% 
3,208,193 
0.47% 
3,445,663 
0.51% 
0.00 
1,477,395 
0.22% 
706,861 
0.10% 
351,498 
0.05% 
909,908 
0.13% 
09.2007 
689,739,432 
15,268,995 
2.21% 
5,427,412 
0.79% 
2,665,507 
0.39% 
3,558,617 
0.52% 
0.00 
1,601,727 
0.23% 
609,792 
0.09% 
500,514 
0.07% 
846,585 
0.12% 
10.2007 
697,903,827 
11,673,155 
1.67% 
5,048,943 
0.72% 
2,654,090 
0.38% 
3,347,596 
0.48% 
0.00 
1,299,246 
0.19% 
816,980 
0.12% 
384,072 
0.06% 
847,299 
0.12% 
11.2007 
703,691,131 
10,615,183 
1.51% 
5,922,934 
0.84% 
3,018,304 
0.43% 
3,335,800 
0.47% 
0.00 
1,178,990 
0.17% 
725,178 
0.10% 
545,231 
0.08% 
886,402 
0.13% 
12.2007 
705,331,579 
12,121,484 
1.72% 
5,354,712 
0.76% 
3,469,998 
0.49% 
3,903,765 
0.55% 
0.00 
1,548,974 
0.22% 
728,142 
0.10% 
503,326 
0.07% 
1,123,323 
0.16% 
01.2008 
717,519,829 
10,938,309 
1.52% 
6,637,673 
0.93% 
3,082,031 
0.43% 
4,580,225 
0.64% 
0.00 
2,017,229 
0.28% 
962,409 
0.13% 
526,040 
0.07% 
1,074,547 
0.15% 
02.2008 
726,078,300 
9,839,618 
1.36% 
6,263,659 
0.86% 
3,009,296 
0.41% 
4,182,043 
0.58% 
0.00 
1,659,885 
0.23% 
1,062,035 
0.15% 
480,145 
0.07% 
979,978 
0.13% 
03.2008 
737,846,718 
14,434,738 
1.96% 
6,251,056 
0.85% 
2,449,636 
0.33% 
4,423,854 
0.60% 
0.00 
1,797,598 
0.24% 
902,072 
0.12% 
652,208 
0.09% 
1,071,976 
0.15% 
04.2008 
751,633,706 
11,219,454 
1.49% 
6,781,996 
0.90% 
2,580,891 
0.34% 
4,404,974 
0.59% 
0.00 
1,730,715 
0.23% 
923,023 
0.12% 
516,934 
0.07% 
1,234,301 
0.16%

--- Page 154 ---
- 143 - 
 
 
 
Calendar Year/Month 
Principal 
Outstanding 
Delinquent 
balance 1-30  
dpd (£) 
1-30 
dpd (%) 
Delinquent 
balance 31-60  
dpd (£) 
31-60 
dpd (%) 
Delinquent 
balance 61-90  
dpd (£) 
61-90 
dpd (%) 
Delinquent 
balance 91+  
dpd (£) 
91+ 
dpd (%) 
Delinquent 
balance 91-120  
dpd (£) 
91-120 
dpd (%) 
Delinquent 
balance 121-
150 
dpd (£) 
121-
150 
dpd (%) 
Delinquent 
balance 151-
180  
dpd (£) 
151-
180 
dpd (%) 
Delinquent 
balance 180+  
dpd (£) 
180+ 
dpd (%) 
05.2008 
769,958,350 
12,940,151 
1.68% 
5,837,779 
0.76% 
2,774,099 
0.36% 
4,830,553 
0.63% 
0.00 
1,728,842 
0.22% 
1,069,758 
0.14% 
722,067 
0.09% 
1,309,885 
0.17% 
06.2008 
787,333,581 
12,100,136 
1.54% 
6,203,942 
0.79% 
3,379,380 
0.43% 
4,623,893 
0.59% 
0.00 
1,573,827 
0.20% 
1,119,190 
0.14% 
478,848 
0.06% 
1,452,027 
0.18% 
07.2008 
799,402,854 
14,766,874 
1.85% 
6,076,637 
0.76% 
3,105,398 
0.39% 
4,558,407 
0.57% 
0.00 
1,728,906 
0.22% 
826,149 
0.10% 
614,368 
0.08% 
1,388,985 
0.17% 
08.2008 
815,164,933 
13,364,086 
1.64% 
8,516,662 
1.04% 
3,810,490 
0.47% 
4,860,078 
0.60% 
0.00 
1,905,762 
0.23% 
959,255 
0.12% 
479,308 
0.06% 
1,515,754 
0.19% 
09.2008 
831,820,216 
13,747,382 
1.65% 
9,312,058 
1.12% 
3,951,839 
0.48% 
5,240,385 
0.63% 
0.00 
2,223,417 
0.27% 
1,061,448 
0.13% 
530,624 
0.06% 
1,424,896 
0.17% 
10.2008 
841,688,262 
16,042,111 
1.91% 
8,487,416 
1.01% 
4,952,006 
0.59% 
5,114,709 
0.61% 
0.00 
2,329,504 
0.28% 
1,066,200 
0.13% 
524,780 
0.06% 
1,194,225 
0.14% 
11.2008 
847,946,304 
12,990,185 
1.53% 
9,423,092 
1.11% 
4,521,203 
0.53% 
6,404,831 
0.76% 
0.00 
2,910,677 
0.34% 
1,584,072 
0.19% 
731,691 
0.09% 
1,178,391 
0.14% 
12.2008 
850,311,112 
14,758,750 
1.74% 
7,663,816 
0.90% 
4,650,695 
0.55% 
7,044,317 
0.83% 
0.00 
2,702,389 
0.32% 
1,847,358 
0.22% 
1,133,760 
0.13% 
1,360,810 
0.16% 
01.2009 
861,853,363 
15,177,967 
1.76% 
10,713,717 
1.24% 
5,020,435 
0.58% 
7,864,075 
0.91% 
0.00 
3,057,808 
0.35% 
1,906,805 
0.22% 
1,223,143 
0.14% 
1,676,319 
0.19% 
02.2009 
871,781,100 
15,259,073 
1.75% 
10,003,679 
1.15% 
5,783,530 
0.66% 
7,870,250 
0.90% 
0.00 
2,534,536 
0.29% 
1,924,691 
0.22% 
1,344,940 
0.15% 
2,066,083 
0.24% 
03.2009 
885,594,379 
16,697,111 
1.89% 
8,770,812 
0.99% 
3,807,530 
0.43% 
7,515,624 
0.85% 
0.00 
2,736,703 
0.31% 
1,317,123 
0.15% 
1,106,288 
0.12% 
2,355,510 
0.27% 
04.2009 
901,735,834 
15,750,415 
1.75% 
9,240,165 
1.02% 
4,014,623 
0.45% 
7,052,800 
0.78% 
0.00 
1,823,433 
0.20% 
1,713,205 
0.19% 
1,048,784 
0.12% 
2,467,378 
0.27% 
05.2009 
916,435,435 
16,662,137 
1.82% 
7,478,946 
0.82% 
3,695,199 
0.40% 
7,178,219 
0.78% 
0.00 
2,318,491 
0.25% 
1,037,779 
0.11% 
1,323,685 
0.14% 
2,498,264 
0.27% 
06.2009 
931,949,221 
17,501,633 
1.88% 
7,450,375 
0.80% 
3,525,296 
0.38% 
6,715,766 
0.72% 
0.00 
1,948,185 
0.21% 
1,385,518 
0.15% 
857,769 
0.09% 
2,524,294 
0.27% 
07.2009 
945,234,216 
19,479,239 
2.06% 
7,488,423 
0.79% 
3,437,089 
0.36% 
6,895,289 
0.73% 
0.00 
1,948,404 
0.21% 
1,409,327 
0.15% 
982,423 
0.10% 
2,555,136 
0.27% 
08.2009 
959,455,399 
15,301,762 
1.59% 
9,161,517 
0.95% 
3,337,596 
0.35% 
6,941,926 
0.72% 
0.00 
2,342,807 
0.24% 
1,143,557 
0.12% 
1,041,353 
0.11% 
2,414,209 
0.25% 
09.2009 
982,039,252 
16,411,572 
1.67% 
8,173,628 
0.83% 
4,088,291 
0.42% 
6,714,742 
0.68% 
0.00 
2,059,639 
0.21% 
1,350,984 
0.14% 
742,381 
0.08% 
2,561,738 
0.26% 
10.2009 
1,004,554,557 
19,243,366 
1.92% 
6,598,731 
0.66% 
3,302,832 
0.33% 
6,415,880 
0.64% 
0.00 
2,112,248 
0.21% 
1,150,187 
0.11% 
943,540 
0.09% 
2,209,906 
0.22% 
11.2009 
1,015,071,475 
16,190,282 
1.59% 
8,488,731 
0.84% 
3,378,769 
0.33% 
5,896,224 
0.58% 
0.00 
1,855,735 
0.18% 
1,162,429 
0.11% 
692,412 
0.07% 
2,185,649 
0.22% 
12.2009 
1,024,630,581 
18,821,986 
1.84% 
7,838,455 
0.77% 
3,591,256 
0.35% 
6,078,210 
0.59% 
0.00 
2,242,095 
0.22% 
1,047,882 
0.10% 
689,218 
0.07% 
2,099,015 
0.20% 
01.2010 
1,032,316,992 
18,704,566 
1.81% 
8,609,900 
0.83% 
4,343,169 
0.42% 
5,931,885 
0.57% 
0.00 
2,303,142 
0.22% 
1,233,139 
0.12% 
558,289 
0.05% 
1,837,315 
0.18% 
02.2010 
1,046,487,734 
17,261,850 
1.65% 
9,812,367 
0.94% 
3,609,895 
0.34% 
5,099,212 
0.49% 
0.00 
1,831,779 
0.18% 
1,017,021 
0.10% 
585,834 
0.06% 
1,664,578 
0.16% 
03.2010 
1,066,961,750 
19,447,936 
1.82% 
9,478,621 
0.89% 
3,135,115 
0.29% 
4,886,210 
0.46% 
0.00 
1,437,970 
0.13% 
989,190 
0.09% 
741,253 
0.07% 
1,717,799 
0.16% 
04.2010 
1,085,108,248 
17,648,006 
1.63% 
8,512,857 
0.78% 
3,739,022 
0.34% 
5,452,253 
0.50% 
0.00 
1,904,757 
0.18% 
894,199 
0.08% 
679,420 
0.06% 
1,973,878 
0.18% 
05.2010 
1,106,187,636 
17,489,653 
1.58% 
6,639,498 
0.60% 
3,759,207 
0.34% 
5,954,661 
0.54% 
0.00 
2,115,633 
0.19% 
1,045,024 
0.09% 
809,281 
0.07% 
1,984,724 
0.18% 
06.2010 
1,127,044,173 
17,516,425 
1.55% 
6,794,220 
0.60% 
3,185,934 
0.28% 
5,971,452 
0.53% 
0.00 
1,944,880 
0.17% 
1,201,783 
0.11% 
727,899 
0.06% 
2,096,891 
0.19% 
07.2010 
1,156,247,961 
18,138,639 
1.57% 
6,094,266 
0.53% 
3,010,952 
0.26% 
6,001,433 
0.52% 
0.00 
1,784,619 
0.15% 
1,082,734 
0.09% 
799,542 
0.07% 
2,334,537 
0.20% 
08.2010 
1,188,278,784 
15,918,698 
1.34% 
7,505,131 
0.63% 
3,113,627 
0.26% 
5,726,863 
0.48% 
0.00 
1,458,820 
0.12% 
1,041,118 
0.09% 
821,755 
0.07% 
2,405,170 
0.20% 
09.2010 
1,212,664,301 
16,767,817 
1.38% 
7,752,583 
0.64% 
3,020,280 
0.25% 
5,774,452 
0.48% 
0.00 
1,556,019 
0.13% 
929,652 
0.08% 
734,716 
0.06% 
2,554,065 
0.21% 
10.2010 
1,243,103,730 
18,104,890 
1.46% 
6,304,638 
0.51% 
3,409,197 
0.27% 
6,532,209 
0.53% 
0.00 
1,982,105 
0.16% 
1,042,445 
0.08% 
748,508 
0.06% 
2,759,151 
0.22% 
11.2010 
1,267,246,962 
18,320,992 
1.45% 
6,516,779 
0.51% 
3,118,168 
0.25% 
6,001,925 
0.47% 
0.00 
1,550,581 
0.12% 
1,167,927 
0.09% 
684,873 
0.05% 
2,598,545 
0.21% 
12.2010 
1,276,088,074 
18,968,549 
1.49% 
7,496,885 
0.59% 
3,161,168 
0.25% 
6,397,267 
0.50% 
0.00 
1,855,663 
0.15% 
1,005,906 
0.08% 
770,399 
0.06% 
2,765,299 
0.22% 
01.2011 
1,286,880,380 
16,985,301 
1.32% 
7,912,679 
0.61% 
4,090,760 
0.32% 
7,062,598 
0.55% 
0.00 
2,217,580 
0.17% 
1,323,134 
0.10% 
649,551 
0.05% 
2,872,333 
0.22% 
02.2011 
1,299,820,666 
17,482,647 
1.35% 
7,263,254 
0.56% 
3,316,998 
0.26% 
6,931,098 
0.53% 
0.00 
1,933,696 
0.15% 
1,317,387 
0.10% 
912,118 
0.07% 
2,767,898 
0.21% 
03.2011 
1,318,243,312 
20,358,960 
1.54% 
8,250,669 
0.63% 
2,754,460 
0.21% 
6,121,170 
0.46% 
0.00 
1,505,633 
0.11% 
1,152,130 
0.09% 
796,219 
0.06% 
2,667,188 
0.20% 
04.2011 
1,327,237,420 
18,345,423 
1.38% 
8,223,265 
0.62% 
3,903,888 
0.29% 
6,374,354 
0.48% 
0.00 
1,490,697 
0.11% 
1,068,183 
0.08% 
923,076 
0.07% 
2,892,399 
0.22% 
05.2011 
1,342,670,208 
18,202,698 
1.36% 
6,235,099 
0.46% 
3,707,386 
0.28% 
6,916,881 
0.52% 
0.00 
2,323,757 
0.17% 
883,003 
0.07% 
723,863 
0.05% 
2,986,258 
0.22% 
06.2011 
1,353,645,808 
19,149,865 
1.41% 
6,498,069 
0.48% 
3,291,127 
0.24% 
6,443,966 
0.48% 
0.00 
1,772,786 
0.13% 
1,366,836 
0.10% 
570,401 
0.04% 
2,733,943 
0.20% 
07.2011 
1,364,829,713 
19,866,967 
1.46% 
5,610,668 
0.41% 
3,074,189 
0.23% 
7,080,173 
0.52% 
0.00 
1,967,081 
0.14% 
1,191,547 
0.09% 
977,460 
0.07% 
2,944,086 
0.22% 
08.2011 
1,384,010,301 
19,120,428 
1.38% 
6,156,937 
0.44% 
3,104,253 
0.22% 
6,585,312 
0.48% 
0.00 
1,869,699 
0.14% 
1,035,486 
0.07% 
947,831 
0.07% 
2,732,296 
0.20% 
09.2011 
1,398,104,400 
18,105,881 
1.30% 
6,823,478 
0.49% 
3,119,003 
0.22% 
6,137,019 
0.44% 
0.00 
1,579,348 
0.11% 
1,057,533 
0.08% 
663,899 
0.05% 
2,836,239 
0.20% 
10.2011 
1,409,050,795 
19,508,854 
1.38% 
6,034,111 
0.43% 
3,359,372 
0.24% 
6,272,409 
0.45% 
0.00 
1,728,428 
0.12% 
950,802 
0.07% 
784,699 
0.06% 
2,808,479 
0.20% 
11.2011 
1,414,644,275 
16,567,871 
1.17% 
6,329,819 
0.45% 
3,139,448 
0.22% 
5,977,275 
0.42% 
0.00 
1,537,371 
0.11% 
1,104,956 
0.08% 
590,213 
0.04% 
2,744,735 
0.19% 
12.2011 
1,410,999,622 
19,695,923 
1.40% 
6,335,058 
0.45% 
3,011,540 
0.21% 
5,981,182 
0.42% 
0.00 
1,674,319 
0.12% 
981,633 
0.07% 
624,757 
0.04% 
2,700,473 
0.19% 
01.2012 
1,420,187,724 
19,229,640 
1.35% 
7,405,425 
0.52% 
3,237,609 
0.23% 
5,772,581 
0.41% 
0.00 
1,748,620 
0.12% 
987,844 
0.07% 
564,749 
0.04% 
2,471,368 
0.17% 
02.2012 
1,427,099,918 
17,125,321 
1.20% 
6,687,933 
0.47% 
2,739,199 
0.19% 
5,384,714 
0.38% 
0.00 
1,496,047 
0.10% 
1,051,726 
0.07% 
500,380 
0.04% 
2,336,562 
0.16% 
03.2012 
1,436,848,596 
20,180,107 
1.40% 
7,215,137 
0.50% 
2,424,193 
0.17% 
5,082,764 
0.35% 
0.00 
1,625,936 
0.11% 
798,512 
0.06% 
670,019 
0.05% 
1,988,296 
0.14% 
04.2012 
1,445,000,069 
17,867,019 
1.24% 
7,146,894 
0.49% 
2,916,318 
0.20% 
5,237,824 
0.36% 
0.00 
1,631,595 
0.11% 
983,848 
0.07% 
537,487 
0.04% 
2,084,894 
0.14% 
05.2012 
1,452,179,609 
26,376,715 
1.82% 
7,181,282 
0.49% 
2,985,706 
0.21% 
5,398,161 
0.37% 
0.00 
1,752,925 
0.12% 
923,536 
0.06% 
638,702 
0.04% 
2,082,997 
0.14% 
06.2012 
1,458,458,098 
23,700,410 
1.63% 
8,008,072 
0.55% 
3,179,304 
0.22% 
5,162,261 
0.35% 
0.00 
1,399,499 
0.10% 
1,038,586 
0.07% 
587,829 
0.04% 
2,136,347 
0.15% 
07.2012 
1,468,123,875 
21,717,722 
1.48% 
7,621,731 
0.52% 
2,798,792 
0.19% 
5,359,919 
0.37% 
0.00 
1,618,137 
0.11% 
879,264 
0.06% 
672,968 
0.05% 
2,189,549 
0.15% 
08.2012 
1,475,952,141 
20,475,988 
1.39% 
7,399,341 
0.50% 
3,158,233 
0.21% 
5,055,830 
0.34% 
0.00 
1,482,306 
0.10% 
921,272 
0.06% 
528,323 
0.04% 
2,123,930 
0.14% 
09.2012 
1,485,830,228 
19,341,595 
1.30% 
7,463,513 
0.50% 
2,993,550 
0.20% 
5,036,781 
0.34% 
0.00 
1,532,672 
0.10% 
801,367 
0.05% 
641,263 
0.04% 
2,061,479 
0.14% 
10.2012 
1,501,008,656 
20,112,599 
1.34% 
5,866,179 
0.39% 
2,375,435 
0.16% 
4,676,936 
0.31% 
0.00 
1,648,307 
0.11% 
656,207 
0.04% 
451,869 
0.03% 
1,920,553 
0.13% 
11.2012 
1,500,807,742 
19,439,116 
1.30% 
6,541,339 
0.44% 
2,742,731 
0.18% 
4,210,093 
0.28% 
0.00 
1,139,926 
0.08% 
848,945 
0.06% 
349,939 
0.02% 
1,871,283 
0.12% 
12.2012 
1,500,905,957 
19,572,199 
1.30% 
6,986,317 
0.47% 
2,911,763 
0.19% 
4,992,010 
0.33% 
0.00 
1,712,062 
0.11% 
687,097 
0.05% 
641,955 
0.04% 
1,950,896 
0.13% 
01.2013 
1,508,517,143 
21,058,304 
1.40% 
7,498,926 
0.50% 
3,943,957 
0.26% 
5,265,103 
0.35% 
0.00 
1,708,864 
0.11% 
1,064,520 
0.07% 
364,671 
0.02% 
2,127,049 
0.14% 
02.2013 
1,514,312,249 
16,869,429 
1.11% 
7,993,776 
0.53% 
3,098,875 
0.20% 
5,299,764 
0.35% 
0.00 
1,919,050 
0.13% 
841,374 
0.06% 
575,032 
0.04% 
1,964,307 
0.13% 
03.2013 
1,523,117,047 
80,298,333 
5.27% 
7,856,292 
0.52% 
3,548,725 
0.23% 
5,581,251 
0.37% 
0.00 
1,787,616 
0.12% 
1,152,987 
0.08% 
597,734 
0.04% 
2,042,915 
0.13% 
04.2013 
1,542,851,326 
19,667,563 
1.27% 
7,940,497 
0.51% 
3,631,756 
0.24% 
5,182,896 
0.34% 
0.00 
1,827,840 
0.12% 
853,817 
0.06% 
669,485 
0.04% 
1,831,754 
0.12% 
05.2013 
1,545,707,280 
20,377,859 
1.32% 
6,598,957 
0.43% 
4,130,828 
0.27% 
5,632,002 
0.36% 
0.00 
2,043,035 
0.13% 
1,194,889 
0.08% 
545,606 
0.04% 
1,848,472 
0.12% 
06.2013 
1,558,107,578 
18,545,465 
1.19% 
7,681,169 
0.49% 
3,684,171 
0.24% 
5,346,726 
0.34% 
0.00 
2,055,707 
0.13% 
846,241 
0.05% 
602,281 
0.04% 
1,842,497 
0.12% 
07.2013 
1,577,305,036 
27,841,560 
1.77% 
9,197,758 
0.58% 
3,686,129 
0.23% 
5,585,054 
0.35% 
0.00 
2,126,274 
0.13% 
1,016,931 
0.06% 
501,447 
0.03% 
1,940,402 
0.12% 
08.2013 
1,601,162,894 
18,961,661 
1.18% 
10,155,517 
0.63% 
4,434,288 
0.28% 
5,662,446 
0.35% 
0.00 
2,018,660 
0.13% 
1,105,960 
0.07% 
681,698 
0.04% 
1,856,128 
0.12% 
09.2013 
1,619,216,433 
18,111,120 
1.12% 
9,617,287 
0.59% 
4,146,125 
0.26% 
6,189,154 
0.38% 
0.00 
2,280,686 
0.14% 
1,098,874 
0.07% 
709,818 
0.04% 
2,099,776 
0.13% 
10.2013 
1,640,213,696 
19,170,074 
1.17% 
7,442,001 
0.45% 
3,869,021 
0.24% 
6,058,005 
0.37% 
0.00 
1,957,894 
0.12% 
1,446,566 
0.09% 
581,230 
0.04% 
2,072,315 
0.13% 
11.2013 
1,647,895,268 
16,405,811 
1.00% 
7,525,146 
0.46% 
3,454,914 
0.21% 
6,693,823 
0.41% 
0.00 
2,265,123 
0.14% 
1,359,680 
0.08% 
1,023,954 
0.06% 
2,045,067 
0.12% 
12.2013 
1,653,724,662 
18,557,198 
1.12% 
6,767,541 
0.41% 
3,166,384 
0.19% 
6,277,362 
0.38% 
0.00 
1,806,503 
0.11% 
1,459,036 
0.09% 
907,238 
0.05% 
2,104,585 
0.13% 
01.2014 
1,674,342,666 
17,139,727 
1.02% 
7,351,237 
0.44% 
3,562,280 
0.21% 
6,485,179 
0.39% 
0.00 
2,043,076 
0.12% 
1,268,262 
0.08% 
909,850 
0.05% 
2,263,991 
0.14% 
02.2014 
1,682,048,015 
15,198,038 
0.90% 
6,421,440 
0.38% 
3,579,223 
0.21% 
5,759,798 
0.34% 
0.00 
1,704,285 
0.10% 
1,105,868 
0.07% 
792,120 
0.05% 
2,157,524 
0.13% 
03.2014 
1,700,984,348 
15,350,954 
0.90% 
6,683,831 
0.39% 
2,755,128 
0.16% 
5,754,426 
0.34% 
0.00 
1,559,819 
0.09% 
1,125,792 
0.07% 
874,832 
0.05% 
2,193,984 
0.13% 
04.2014 
1,718,911,441 
17,972,797 
1.05% 
6,851,032 
0.40% 
3,092,678 
0.18% 
6,065,140 
0.35% 
0.00 
1,604,627 
0.09% 
1,300,744 
0.08% 
901,207 
0.05% 
2,258,563 
0.13% 
05.2014 
1,740,257,198 
16,831,629 
0.97% 
5,857,317 
0.34% 
2,968,088 
0.17% 
5,481,459 
0.31% 
0.00 
1,737,637 
0.10% 
739,956 
0.04% 
730,582 
0.04% 
2,273,285 
0.13% 
06.2014 
1,763,692,706 
15,086,408 
0.86% 
5,922,391 
0.34% 
3,111,722 
0.18% 
5,337,653 
0.30% 
0.00 
1,798,919 
0.10% 
958,968 
0.05% 
449,669 
0.03% 
2,130,097 
0.12%

--- Page 155 ---
- 144 - 
 
 
 
Calendar Year/Month 
Principal 
Outstanding 
Delinquent 
balance 1-30  
dpd (£) 
1-30 
dpd (%) 
Delinquent 
balance 31-60  
dpd (£) 
31-60 
dpd (%) 
Delinquent 
balance 61-90  
dpd (£) 
61-90 
dpd (%) 
Delinquent 
balance 91+  
dpd (£) 
91+ 
dpd (%) 
Delinquent 
balance 91-120  
dpd (£) 
91-120 
dpd (%) 
Delinquent 
balance 121-
150 
dpd (£) 
121-
150 
dpd (%) 
Delinquent 
balance 151-
180  
dpd (£) 
151-
180 
dpd (%) 
Delinquent 
balance 180+  
dpd (£) 
180+ 
dpd (%) 
07.2014 
1,790,315,480 
17,012,980 
0.95% 
5,384,432 
0.30% 
2,526,178 
0.14% 
5,373,678 
0.30% 
0.00 
1,983,689 
0.11% 
895,308 
0.05% 
572,605 
0.03% 
1,922,076 
0.11% 
08.2014 
1,809,407,110 
14,477,424 
0.80% 
6,774,652 
0.37% 
3,203,491 
0.18% 
5,602,870 
0.31% 
0.00 
1,723,596 
0.10% 
1,156,520 
0.06% 
800,879 
0.04% 
1,921,875 
0.11% 
09.2014 
1,834,385,337 
15,680,232 
0.85% 
6,489,831 
0.35% 
3,159,055 
0.17% 
6,104,173 
0.33% 
0.00 
2,005,847 
0.11% 
1,193,663 
0.07% 
797,465 
0.04% 
2,107,197 
0.11% 
10.2014 
1,879,194,743 
16,720,263 
0.89% 
5,523,953 
0.29% 
2,879,361 
0.15% 
6,411,293 
0.34% 
0.00 
1,951,211 
0.10% 
1,287,611 
0.07% 
761,391 
0.04% 
2,411,080 
0.13% 
11.2014 
1,894,160,055 
13,712,749 
0.72% 
6,769,125 
0.36% 
3,167,224 
0.17% 
5,962,514 
0.31% 
0.00 
1,664,041 
0.09% 
1,282,219 
0.07% 
779,046 
0.04% 
2,237,208 
0.12% 
12.2014 
1,909,707,715 
16,548,003 
0.87% 
6,352,139 
0.33% 
3,455,236 
0.18% 
5,527,457 
0.29% 
0.00 
1,811,275 
0.09% 
1,068,596 
0.06% 
547,588 
0.03% 
2,099,998 
0.11% 
01.2015 
1,930,165,332 
15,167,192 
0.79% 
8,192,309 
0.42% 
3,901,878 
0.20% 
5,777,739 
0.30% 
0.00 
2,146,510 
0.11% 
1,117,288 
0.06% 
542,677 
0.03% 
1,971,263 
0.10% 
02.2015 
1,951,587,742 
12,394,670 
0.64% 
8,560,530 
0.44% 
3,486,178 
0.18% 
5,819,846 
0.30% 
0.00 
1,988,881 
0.10% 
1,133,850 
0.06% 
625,056 
0.03% 
2,072,059 
0.11% 
03.2015 
1,970,368,701 
18,396,111 
0.93% 
7,527,114 
0.38% 
3,916,190 
0.20% 
6,047,873 
0.31% 
0.00 
2,164,424 
0.11% 
1,262,070 
0.06% 
753,045 
0.04% 
1,868,334 
0.09% 
04.2015 
1,996,240,407 
10,422,612 
0.52% 
6,325,708 
0.32% 
3,654,975 
0.18% 
6,505,979 
0.33% 
0.00 
2,328,085 
0.12% 
1,512,852 
0.08% 
839,712 
0.04% 
1,825,330 
0.09% 
05.2015 
2,030,992,569 
14,963,285 
0.74% 
5,720,095 
0.28% 
3,571,023 
0.18% 
7,322,954 
0.36% 
0.00 
2,769,079 
0.14% 
1,681,579 
0.08% 
1,136,407 
0.06% 
1,735,888 
0.09% 
06.2015 
2,053,823,499 
21,546,580 
1.05% 
6,005,883 
0.29% 
3,133,067 
0.15% 
6,982,043 
0.34% 
0.00 
2,312,198 
0.11% 
1,590,438 
0.08% 
1,127,272 
0.05% 
1,952,135 
0.10% 
07.2015 
2,085,043,273 
20,378,689 
0.98% 
5,319,418 
0.26% 
3,472,944 
0.17% 
6,759,761 
0.32% 
0.00 
2,255,233 
0.11% 
1,535,672 
0.07% 
974,999 
0.05% 
1,993,856 
0.10% 
08.2015 
2,117,869,018 
14,079,229 
0.66% 
7,864,353 
0.37% 
3,392,961 
0.16% 
7,631,791 
0.36% 
0.00 
2,627,121 
0.12% 
1,632,129 
0.08% 
1,142,432 
0.05% 
2,230,109 
0.11% 
09.2015 
2,142,339,445 
15,190,833 
0.71% 
6,861,686 
0.32% 
3,613,998 
0.17% 
7,722,896 
0.36% 
0.00 
2,385,972 
0.11% 
1,717,725 
0.08% 
1,136,211 
0.05% 
2,482,988 
0.12% 
10.2015 
2,172,703,545 
15,636,074 
0.72% 
6,050,170 
0.28% 
3,167,478 
0.15% 
8,424,908 
0.39% 
0.00 
2,624,679 
0.12% 
1,451,031 
0.07% 
1,442,060 
0.07% 
2,907,137 
0.13% 
11.2015 
2,171,420,847 
14,148,418 
0.65% 
6,227,755 
0.29% 
3,630,549 
0.17% 
8,124,706 
0.37% 
0.00 
2,135,636 
0.10% 
1,853,773 
0.09% 
1,101,127 
0.05% 
3,034,169 
0.14% 
12.2015 
2,234,743,248 
16,895,420 
0.76% 
5,967,080 
0.27% 
3,265,068 
0.15% 
8,420,746 
0.38% 
0.00 
2,333,642 
0.10% 
1,573,590 
0.07% 
1,353,826 
0.06% 
3,159,689 
0.14% 
01.2016 
2,265,220,789 
15,290,194 
0.67% 
7,636,620 
0.34% 
3,387,361 
0.15% 
8,169,072 
0.36% 
0.00 
2,234,711 
0.10% 
1,645,918 
0.07% 
1,129,757 
0.05% 
3,158,686 
0.14% 
02.2016 
2,282,589,983 
13,870,073 
0.61% 
7,537,845 
0.33% 
3,655,889 
0.16% 
7,609,252 
0.33% 
0.00 
2,106,872 
0.09% 
1,445,978 
0.06% 
1,231,726 
0.05% 
2,824,676 
0.12% 
03.2016 
2,294,113,498 
18,903,990 
0.82% 
6,929,522 
0.30% 
3,038,703 
0.13% 
6,920,971 
0.30% 
0.00 
2,051,928 
0.09% 
1,317,793 
0.06% 
872,994 
0.04% 
2,678,256 
0.12% 
04.2016 
2,306,937,038 
13,503,863 
0.59% 
8,141,481 
0.35% 
3,084,040 
0.13% 
6,307,249 
0.27% 
0.00 
2,073,447 
0.09% 
1,302,272 
0.06% 
790,804 
0.03% 
2,140,727 
0.09% 
05.2016 
2,336,288,957 
16,729,204 
0.72% 
6,039,408 
0.26% 
3,452,578 
0.15% 
6,527,252 
0.28% 
0.00 
2,263,301 
0.10% 
1,340,166 
0.06% 
880,362 
0.04% 
2,043,422 
0.09% 
06.2016 
2,342,166,028 
17,258,115 
0.74% 
8,095,705 
0.35% 
2,905,181 
0.12% 
4,597,798 
0.20% 
0.00 
1,471,233 
0.06% 
811,038 
0.03% 
517,708 
0.02% 
1,797,819 
0.08% 
07.2016 
2,361,800,898 
17,361,063 
0.74% 
6,492,318 
0.27% 
3,335,132 
0.14% 
4,768,144 
0.20% 
0.00 
1,515,100 
0.06% 
891,441 
0.04% 
519,258 
0.02% 
1,842,345 
0.08% 
08.2016 
2,378,024,655 
18,181,965 
0.76% 
7,745,654 
0.33% 
3,481,254 
0.15% 
4,708,591 
0.20% 
0.00 
1,695,445 
0.07% 
780,320 
0.03% 
504,000 
0.02% 
1,728,826 
0.07% 
09.2016 
2,404,169,784 
18,682,812 
0.78% 
8,698,630 
0.36% 
2,798,354 
0.12% 
4,135,096 
0.17% 
0.00 
1,288,115 
0.05% 
738,457 
0.03% 
527,437 
0.02% 
1,581,087 
0.07% 
10.2016 
2,445,750,866 
19,164,211 
0.78% 
7,619,676 
0.31% 
3,512,429 
0.14% 
4,245,259 
0.17% 
0.00 
1,422,692 
0.06% 
647,183 
0.03% 
559,300 
0.02% 
1,616,084 
0.07% 
11.2016 
2,458,249,251 
17,958,093 
0.73% 
8,937,287 
0.36% 
3,318,732 
0.14% 
4,533,386 
0.18% 
0.00 
1,678,216 
0.07% 
765,245 
0.03% 
467,410 
0.02% 
1,622,514 
0.07% 
12.2016 
2,472,020,775 
17,767,646 
0.72% 
8,069,699 
0.33% 
3,610,265 
0.15% 
5,246,818 
0.21% 
0.00 
2,142,963 
0.09% 
941,047 
0.04% 
527,828 
0.02% 
1,634,979 
0.07% 
01.2017 
2,506,785,965 
20,730,050 
0.83% 
9,370,745 
0.37% 
4,116,539 
0.16% 
5,852,021 
0.23% 
0.00 
2,297,561 
0.09% 
1,302,056 
0.05% 
582,129 
0.02% 
1,670,276 
0.07% 
02.2017 
2,533,383,565 
18,775,238 
0.74% 
9,686,721 
0.38% 
4,203,094 
0.17% 
5,166,826 
0.20% 
0.00 
1,955,394 
0.08% 
1,091,365 
0.04% 
593,752 
0.02% 
1,526,315 
0.06% 
03.2017 
2,584,941,465 
21,012,652 
0.81% 
9,202,139 
0.36% 
3,454,654 
0.13% 
5,252,491 
0.20% 
0.00 
2,135,287 
0.08% 
896,051 
0.03% 
546,526 
0.02% 
1,674,627 
0.06% 
04.2017 
2,618,638,939 
18,071,634 
0.69% 
10,228,559 
0.39% 
4,004,016 
0.15% 
5,345,891 
0.20% 
0.00 
1,489,116 
0.06% 
1,474,720 
0.06% 
610,962 
0.02% 
1,771,093 
0.07% 
05.2017 
2,667,139,835 
23,732,993 
0.89% 
8,916,591 
0.33% 
4,357,810 
0.16% 
6,306,302 
0.24% 
0.00 
2,250,491 
0.08% 
1,148,368 
0.04% 
1,027,338 
0.04% 
1,880,105 
0.07% 
06.2017 
2,701,591,890 
20,345,951 
0.75% 
9,335,971 
0.35% 
4,153,623 
0.15% 
5,990,897 
0.22% 
0.00 
1,999,088 
0.07% 
1,033,092 
0.04% 
750,193 
0.03% 
2,208,523 
0.08% 
07.2017 
2,732,703,738 
22,823,280 
0.84% 
9,263,481 
0.34% 
3,863,873 
0.14% 
6,021,378 
0.22% 
0.00 
2,267,284 
0.08% 
1,056,256 
0.04% 
585,909 
0.02% 
2,111,929 
0.08% 
08.2017 
2,771,018,313 
20,455,336 
0.74% 
9,596,437 
0.35% 
4,153,829 
0.15% 
5,116,508 
0.18% 
0.00 
1,717,888 
0.06% 
1,017,943 
0.04% 
484,107 
0.02% 
1,896,570 
0.07% 
09.2017 
2,825,590,534 
19,302,294 
0.68% 
11,905,395 
0.42% 
3,908,352 
0.14% 
5,245,971 
0.19% 
0.00 
2,021,040 
0.07% 
915,823 
0.03% 
536,981 
0.02% 
1,772,128 
0.06% 
10.2017 
2,890,296,541 
29,856,893 
1.03% 
10,391,010 
0.36% 
4,644,626 
0.16% 
5,408,438 
0.19% 
0.00 
1,901,069 
0.07% 
1,017,876 
0.04% 
537,482 
0.02% 
1,952,012 
0.07% 
11.2017 
2,941,520,967 
25,823,638 
0.88% 
12,875,184 
0.44% 
4,938,646 
0.17% 
6,197,258 
0.21% 
0.00 
2,335,944 
0.08% 
1,039,252 
0.04% 
633,877 
0.02% 
2,188,185 
0.07% 
12.2017 
2,971,060,872 
25,300,601 
0.85% 
11,874,429 
0.40% 
5,227,162 
0.18% 
7,243,023 
0.24% 
0.00 
2,481,374 
0.08% 
1,635,231 
0.06% 
750,301 
0.03% 
2,376,116 
0.08% 
01.2018 
3,040,989,406 
29,038,606 
0.95% 
14,830,029 
0.49% 
6,031,194 
0.20% 
6,913,098 
0.23% 
0.00 
2,412,840 
0.08% 
1,282,360 
0.04% 
785,707 
0.03% 
2,432,191 
0.08% 
02.2018 
3,089,236,209 
24,185,415 
0.78% 
17,119,673 
0.55% 
6,522,746 
0.21% 
7,523,572 
0.24% 
0.00 
2,568,097 
0.08% 
1,581,877 
0.05% 
862,804 
0.03% 
2,510,794 
0.08% 
03.2018 
3,156,657,241 
24,349,340 
0.77% 
15,300,976 
0.48% 
6,340,305 
0.20% 
8,398,287 
0.27% 
0.00 
3,163,129 
0.10% 
1,561,617 
0.05% 
1,023,352 
0.03% 
2,650,190 
0.08% 
04.2018 
3,224,324,149 
25,724,305 
0.80% 
16,556,830 
0.51% 
5,932,641 
0.18% 
7,712,802 
0.24% 
0.00 
2,323,944 
0.07% 
1,722,948 
0.05% 
792,573 
0.02% 
2,873,337 
0.09% 
05.2018 
3,275,463,235 
31,813,830 
0.97% 
14,795,313 
0.45% 
4,988,837 
0.15% 
8,481,754 
0.26% 
0.00 
2,623,826 
0.08% 
1,465,688 
0.04% 
1,335,136 
0.04% 
3,057,103 
0.09% 
06.2018 
3,342,598,063 
27,239,851 
0.81% 
16,670,917 
0.50% 
5,943,702 
0.18% 
8,305,230 
0.25% 
0.00 
2,215,963 
0.07% 
1,548,407 
0.05% 
1,220,106 
0.04% 
3,320,755 
0.10% 
07.2018 
3,403,736,941 
38,051,547 
1.12% 
14,857,131 
0.44% 
6,313,399 
0.19% 
8,521,597 
0.25% 
0.00 
2,615,616 
0.08% 
1,460,385 
0.04% 
1,088,446 
0.03% 
3,357,150 
0.10% 
08.2018 
3,491,732,661 
33,669,482 
0.96% 
17,791,052 
0.51% 
6,325,657 
0.18% 
7,869,254 
0.23% 
0.00 
2,499,850 
0.07% 
1,301,056 
0.04% 
864,184 
0.02% 
3,204,164 
0.09% 
09.2018 
3,565,514,802 
27,638,662 
0.78% 
19,055,399 
0.53% 
6,113,066 
0.17% 
6,205,869 
0.17% 
0.00 
1,865,917 
0.05% 
668,771 
0.02% 
620,832 
0.02% 
3,050,349 
0.09% 
10.2018 
3,645,230,467 
35,670,609 
0.98% 
16,661,118 
0.46% 
5,559,636 
0.15% 
6,126,192 
0.17% 
0.00 
1,646,997 
0.05% 
1,127,833 
0.03% 
429,046 
0.01% 
2,922,315 
0.08% 
11.2018 
3,681,459,737 
31,461,578 
0.85% 
22,573,723 
0.61% 
6,831,870 
0.19% 
6,684,701 
0.18% 
0.00 
2,032,664 
0.06% 
815,651 
0.02% 
743,612 
0.02% 
3,092,774 
0.08% 
12.2018 
3,691,016,031 
34,506,145 
0.93% 
17,080,852 
0.46% 
6,639,872 
0.18% 
6,769,907 
0.18% 
0.00 
2,402,692 
0.07% 
517,546 
0.01% 
632,093 
0.02% 
3,217,577 
0.09% 
01.2019 
3,739,311,961 
36,027,748 
0.96% 
21,294,472 
0.57% 
7,285,861 
0.19% 
7,553,408 
0.20% 
0.00 
2,783,865 
0.07% 
1,168,910 
0.03% 
401,875 
0.01% 
3,198,758 
0.09% 
02.2019 
3,777,005,347 
31,008,746 
0.82% 
22,686,637 
0.60% 
7,222,189 
0.19% 
7,702,349 
0.20% 
0.00 
2,561,768 
0.07% 
1,409,862 
0.04% 
722,864 
0.02% 
3,007,856 
0.08% 
03.2019 
3,815,250,678 
29,918,076 
0.78% 
19,267,699 
0.51% 
5,576,732 
0.15% 
6,769,229 
0.18% 
0.00 
1,977,639 
0.05% 
1,146,413 
0.03% 
813,775 
0.02% 
2,831,403 
0.07% 
04.2019 
3,886,970,543 
38,058,786 
0.98% 
20,737,959 
0.53% 
6,651,521 
0.17% 
6,895,671 
0.18% 
0.00 
2,342,845 
0.06% 
701,616 
0.02% 
819,976 
0.02% 
3,031,234 
0.08% 
05.2019 
3,936,032,923 
47,362,792 
1.20% 
19,981,571 
0.51% 
6,110,003 
0.16% 
6,198,952 
0.16% 
0.00 
1,656,834 
0.04% 
1,156,046 
0.03% 
420,224 
0.01% 
2,965,848 
0.08% 
06.2019 
3,989,203,798 
32,430,849 
0.81% 
22,008,714 
0.55% 
7,605,865 
0.19% 
5,964,719 
0.15% 
0.00 
1,439,143 
0.04% 
701,621 
0.02% 
929,709 
0.02% 
2,894,246 
0.07% 
07.2019 
4,053,702,026 
42,114,107 
1.04% 
19,961,378 
0.49% 
6,477,162 
0.16% 
6,523,162 
0.16% 
0.00 
2,325,079 
0.06% 
829,209 
0.02% 
513,748 
0.01% 
2,855,126 
0.07% 
08.2019 
4,135,210,533 
35,343,990 
0.85% 
21,322,795 
0.52% 
7,191,524 
0.17% 
6,585,141 
0.16% 
0.00 
2,090,195 
0.05% 
967,699 
0.02% 
640,261 
0.02% 
2,886,986 
0.07% 
09.2019 
4,278,340,770 
33,296,837 
0.78% 
22,269,248 
0.52% 
7,613,587 
0.18% 
6,085,777 
0.14% 
0.00 
2,301,927 
0.05% 
844,195 
0.02% 
710,804 
0.02% 
2,228,851 
0.05% 
10.2019 
4,375,287,474 
45,217,725 
1.03% 
18,002,776 
0.41% 
6,571,185 
0.15% 
5,903,287 
0.13% 
0.00 
2,364,508 
0.05% 
744,118 
0.02% 
680,051 
0.02% 
2,114,610 
0.05% 
11.2019 
4,431,534,832 
34,161,952 
0.77% 
19,438,657 
0.44% 
6,349,596 
0.14% 
5,064,403 
0.11% 
0.00 
1,764,277 
0.04% 
668,420 
0.02% 
581,031 
0.01% 
2,050,674 
0.05% 
12.2019 
4,479,768,418 
37,867,560 
0.85% 
18,041,519 
0.40% 
6,914,782 
0.15% 
5,350,238 
0.12% 
0.00 
2,141,896 
0.05% 
846,587 
0.02% 
451,001 
0.01% 
1,910,754 
0.04% 
01.2020 
4,554,507,553 
41,556,415 
0.91% 
21,902,989 
0.48% 
8,074,417 
0.18% 
5,908,372 
0.13% 
0.00 
2,379,575 
0.05% 
1,097,227 
0.02% 
610,292 
0.01% 
1,821,278 
0.04% 
02.2020 
4,621,557,583 
33,493,122 
0.72% 
23,784,709 
0.51% 
7,313,332 
0.16% 
5,399,389 
0.12% 
0.00 
1,831,841 
0.04% 
854,903 
0.02% 
657,657 
0.01% 
2,054,989 
0.04% 
03.2020 
4,621,608,634 
66,173,781 
1.43% 
23,567,128 
0.51% 
7,217,854 
0.16% 
6,478,724 
0.14% 
0.00 
2,719,950 
0.06% 
1,007,452 
0.02% 
700,245 
0.02% 
2,051,077 
0.04% 
04.2020 
4,533,576,208 
92,236,211 
2.03% 
44,217,786 
0.98% 
10,226,555 
0.23% 
9,847,393 
0.22% 
0.00 
4,282,275 
0.09% 
2,260,797 
0.05% 
1,020,540 
0.02% 
2,283,781 
0.05% 
05.2020 
4,486,085,328 
87,605,124 
1.95% 
59,955,884 
1.34% 
26,094,220 
0.58% 
15,376,889 
0.34% 
0.00 
6,902,860 
0.15% 
3,452,275 
0.08% 
2,034,533 
0.05% 
2,987,220 
0.07% 
06.2020 
4,595,295,207 
47,946,151 
1.04% 
31,762,421 
0.69% 
40,600,761 
0.88% 
28,078,129 
0.61% 
0.00 
15,525,383 
0.34% 
5,316,156 
0.12% 
2,840,533 
0.06% 
4,396,057 
0.10% 
07.2020 
4,720,756,306 
43,435,801 
0.92% 
25,849,998 
0.55% 
22,460,815 
0.48% 
45,895,086 
0.97% 
0.00 
24,087,644 
0.51% 
11,735,757 
0.25% 
3,687,325 
0.08% 
6,384,359 
0.14% 
08.2020 
4,795,756,560 
44,924,292 
0.94% 
23,711,248 
0.49% 
17,739,424 
0.37% 
46,003,501 
0.96% 
0.00 
14,192,915 
0.30% 
15,857,668 
0.33% 
9,333,487 
0.19% 
6,619,431 
0.14%

--- Page 156 ---
- 145 - 
 
 
 
Calendar Year/Month 
Principal 
Outstanding 
Delinquent 
balance 1-30  
dpd (£) 
1-30 
dpd (%) 
Delinquent 
balance 31-60  
dpd (£) 
31-60 
dpd (%) 
Delinquent 
balance 61-90  
dpd (£) 
61-90 
dpd (%) 
Delinquent 
balance 91+  
dpd (£) 
91+ 
dpd (%) 
Delinquent 
balance 91-120  
dpd (£) 
91-120 
dpd (%) 
Delinquent 
balance 121-
150 
dpd (£) 
121-
150 
dpd (%) 
Delinquent 
balance 151-
180  
dpd (£) 
151-
180 
dpd (%) 
Delinquent 
balance 180+  
dpd (£) 
180+ 
dpd (%) 
09.2020 
4,871,793,484 
44,441,983 
0.91% 
31,437,704 
0.65% 
16,960,447 
0.35% 
43,435,920 
0.89% 
0.00 
11,438,559 
0.23% 
8,910,259 
0.18% 
10,495,409 
0.22% 
12,591,694 
0.26% 
10.2020 
4,908,381,759 
43,673,856 
0.89% 
23,498,471 
0.48% 
19,335,348 
0.39% 
42,147,739 
0.86% 
0.00 
11,170,698 
0.23% 
6,729,782 
0.14% 
5,349,391 
0.11% 
18,897,869 
0.39% 
11.2020 
4,885,555,061 
36,862,655 
0.75% 
25,416,735 
0.52% 
19,028,783 
0.39% 
40,819,249 
0.84% 
0.00 
11,165,041 
0.23% 
5,791,271 
0.12% 
4,078,457 
0.08% 
19,784,481 
0.40% 
12.2020 
4,884,370,355 
43,629,888 
0.89% 
23,722,869 
0.49% 
18,245,038 
0.37% 
40,571,776 
0.83% 
0.00 
9,970,332 
0.20% 
7,117,458 
0.15% 
3,717,016 
0.08% 
19,766,969 
0.40% 
01.2021 
4,875,127,272 
36,018,688 
0.74% 
25,315,711 
0.52% 
18,344,162 
0.38% 
40,802,797 
0.84% 
0.00 
10,617,083 
0.22% 
5,722,408 
0.12% 
4,944,556 
0.10% 
19,518,750 
0.40% 
02.2021 
4,869,621,617 
32,730,874 
0.67% 
23,752,461 
0.49% 
16,953,890 
0.35% 
37,867,687 
0.78% 
0.00 
9,890,216 
0.20% 
5,390,322 
0.11% 
3,907,844 
0.08% 
18,679,305 
0.38% 
03.2021 
4,889,599,428 
39,227,669 
0.80% 
25,048,461 
0.51% 
15,280,600 
0.31% 
33,966,809 
0.69% 
0.00 
8,311,414 
0.17% 
4,966,391 
0.10% 
3,415,839 
0.07% 
17,273,165 
0.35% 
04.2021 
4,929,683,128 
38,770,630 
0.79% 
24,605,669 
0.50% 
14,976,668 
0.30% 
31,541,341 
0.64% 
0.00 
7,708,025 
0.16% 
5,101,693 
0.10% 
3,541,190 
0.07% 
15,190,434 
0.31% 
05.2021 
4,978,673,337 
37,526,099 
0.75% 
21,934,499 
0.44% 
14,514,562 
0.29% 
31,732,049 
0.64% 
0.00 
8,498,408 
0.17% 
4,595,668 
0.09% 
3,345,011 
0.07% 
15,292,962 
0.31% 
06.2021 
5,004,064,824 
38,956,759 
0.78% 
24,354,605 
0.49% 
13,906,005 
0.28% 
29,159,656 
0.58% 
0.00 
7,413,306 
0.15% 
4,499,124 
0.09% 
3,794,595 
0.08% 
13,452,631 
0.27% 
07.2021 
5,029,909,626 
43,526,138 
0.87% 
22,877,902 
0.45% 
13,347,802 
0.27% 
25,106,618 
0.50% 
0.00 
7,341,139 
0.15% 
4,237,254 
0.08% 
2,751,991 
0.05% 
10,776,235 
0.21% 
08.2021 
5,057,278,214 
39,329,811 
0.78% 
25,081,789 
0.50% 
14,906,975 
0.29% 
23,831,621 
0.47% 
0.00 
6,853,120 
0.14% 
4,571,088 
0.09% 
2,727,299 
0.05% 
9,680,113 
0.19% 
09.2021 
5,078,582,327 
41,596,878 
0.82% 
26,613,438 
0.52% 
13,164,353 
0.26% 
21,149,521 
0.42% 
0.00 
6,910,597 
0.14% 
3,406,033 
0.07% 
2,379,505 
0.05% 
8,453,386 
0.17% 
10.2021 
5,080,428,940 
43,368,788 
0.85% 
21,688,611 
0.43% 
12,519,201 
0.25% 
19,009,360 
0.37% 
0.00 
6,313,466 
0.12% 
2,930,213 
0.06% 
2,235,993 
0.04% 
7,529,687 
0.15% 
11.2021 
5,080,772,063 
48,238,575 
0.95% 
25,161,546 
0.50% 
12,329,290 
0.24% 
18,379,726 
0.36% 
0.00 
5,838,102 
0.11% 
2,963,489 
0.06% 
1,996,794 
0.04% 
7,581,342 
0.15% 
12.2021 
5,053,425,185 
51,295,330 
1.02% 
24,010,561 
0.48% 
12,062,760 
0.24% 
17,593,613 
0.35% 
0.00 
5,477,372 
0.11% 
2,987,732 
0.06% 
1,860,122 
0.04% 
7,268,387 
0.14% 
01.2022 
5,087,682,900 
44,974,869 
0.88% 
26,105,182 
0.51% 
12,719,810 
0.25% 
17,425,761 
0.34% 
0.00 
6,138,690 
0.12% 
2,784,175 
0.05% 
1,501,732 
0.03% 
7,001,163 
0.14% 
02.2022 
5,113,130,430 
37,872,855 
0.74% 
26,618,041 
0.52% 
10,745,755 
0.21% 
14,369,775 
0.28% 
0.00 
3,759,759 
0.07% 
2,691,442 
0.05% 
1,262,630 
0.02% 
6,655,944 
0.13% 
03.2022 
5,159,151,332 
53,113,220 
1.03% 
25,134,179 
0.49% 
9,375,605 
0.18% 
12,618,194 
0.24% 
0.00 
3,288,331 
0.06% 
1,855,356 
0.04% 
1,545,884 
0.03% 
5,928,624 
0.11% 
04.2022 
5,185,619,258 
41,547,137 
0.80% 
26,676,462 
0.51% 
9,488,794 
0.18% 
12,542,187 
0.24% 
0.00 
3,529,192 
0.07% 
1,697,265 
0.03% 
1,331,107 
0.03% 
5,984,623 
0.12% 
05.2022 
5,245,533,908 
58,570,264 
1.12% 
23,562,307 
0.45% 
9,984,619 
0.19% 
12,563,219 
0.24% 
0.00 
3,832,046 
0.07% 
1,885,800 
0.04% 
845,374 
0.02% 
5,999,999 
0.11% 
06.2022 
5,315,199,290 
49,863,381 
0.94% 
25,989,360 
0.49% 
10,095,531 
0.19% 
11,342,279 
0.21% 
0.00 
3,530,671 
0.07% 
1,726,185 
0.03% 
913,247 
0.02% 
5,172,175 
0.10% 
07.2022 
5,381,646,502 
52,412,555 
0.97% 
21,717,324 
0.40% 
10,355,362 
0.19% 
12,192,818 
0.23% 
0.00 
3,987,085 
0.07% 
1,984,161 
0.04% 
841,017 
0.02% 
5,380,555 
0.10% 
08.2022 
5,502,937,466 
56,112,755 
1.02% 
27,221,976 
0.49% 
10,702,352 
0.19% 
12,524,565 
0.23% 
0.00 
4,124,306 
0.07% 
1,937,776 
0.04% 
1,468,623 
0.03% 
4,993,859 
0.09% 
09.2022 
5,605,497,902 
48,515,848 
0.87% 
28,374,301 
0.51% 
11,027,631 
0.20% 
14,367,882 
0.26% 
0.00 
5,233,341 
0.09% 
2,699,654 
0.05% 
1,447,790 
0.03% 
4,987,097 
0.09% 
10.2022 
5,676,523,282 
53,685,310 
0.95% 
22,997,161 
0.41% 
10,536,912 
0.19% 
16,827,704 
0.30% 
0.00 
6,115,960 
0.11% 
3,206,845 
0.06% 
2,040,264 
0.04% 
5,464,634 
0.10% 
11.2022 
5,675,583,027 
52,597,880 
0.93% 
28,250,835 
0.50% 
10,873,320 
0.19% 
17,531,791 
0.31% 
0.00 
5,710,992 
0.10% 
3,220,280 
0.06% 
2,391,385 
0.04% 
6,209,134 
0.11% 
12.2022 
5,636,911,161 
55,312,266 
0.98% 
28,009,502 
0.50% 
12,602,286 
0.22% 
19,501,052 
0.35% 
0.00 
5,910,251 
0.10% 
3,644,833 
0.06% 
2,571,664 
0.05% 
7,374,305 
0.13% 
01.2023 
5,689,231,359 
54,524,968 
0.96% 
29,946,275 
0.53% 
14,925,307 
0.26% 
22,853,713 
0.40% 
0.00 
7,341,228 
0.13% 
4,043,864 
0.07% 
2,911,302 
0.05% 
8,557,319 
0.15% 
02.2023 
5,750,604,171 
51,576,231 
0.90% 
33,447,717 
0.58% 
14,075,355 
0.24% 
23,722,119 
0.41% 
0.00 
7,144,291 
0.12% 
4,402,007 
0.08% 
2,739,464 
0.05% 
9,436,357 
0.16% 
03.2023 
5,777,275,274 
55,540,602 
0.96% 
30,063,047 
0.52% 
13,773,091 
0.24% 
24,788,626 
0.43% 
0.00 
6,552,424 
0.11% 
4,394,431 
0.08% 
3,090,950 
0.05% 
10,750,821 
0.19% 
04.2023 
5,842,955,201 
51,424,982 
0.88% 
34,513,824 
0.59% 
13,495,602 
0.23% 
27,728,887 
0.47% 
0.00 
7,531,219 
0.13% 
4,407,991 
0.08% 
3,631,995 
0.06% 
12,157,683 
0.21% 
05.2023 
5,898,851,654 
54,715,533 
0.93% 
27,941,526 
0.47% 
14,709,555 
0.25% 
30,476,114 
0.52% 
0.00 
8,769,140 
0.15% 
4,967,390 
0.08% 
3,512,985 
0.06% 
13,226,598 
0.22% 
06.2023 
5,984,273,744 
58,437,977 
0.98% 
32,663,672 
0.55% 
15,746,320 
0.26% 
31,207,083 
0.52% 
0.00 
7,970,779 
0.13% 
5,496,234 
0.09% 
4,120,274 
0.07% 
13,619,796 
0.23% 
 
 
HP-PCP 
 
Calendar Year/Month 
Principal 
Outstanding 
Delinquent 
balance 1-30  
dpd (£) 
1-30 
dpd (%) 
Delinquent 
balance 31-60  
dpd (£) 
31-60 
dpd (%) 
Delinquent 
balance 61-90  
dpd (£) 
61-90 
dpd (%) 
Delinquent 
balance 91+  
dpd (£) 
91+ 
dpd (%) 
Delinquent 
balance 91-120  
dpd (£) 
91-120 
dpd (%) 
Delinquent 
balance 121-
150 
dpd (£) 
121-
150 
dpd (%) 
Delinquent 
balance 151-
180  
dpd (£) 
151-
180 
dpd (%) 
Delinquent 
balance 180+  
dpd (£) 
180+ 
dpd (%) 
06.2007 
1,205,232,625 
11,119,519 
0.92% 
6,966,921 
0.58% 
3,088,561 
0.26% 
4,115,736 
0.34% 
0.00 
1,478,902 
0.12% 
876,155 
0.07% 
448,694 
0.04% 
1,311,985 
0.11% 
07.2007 
1,218,831,464 
16,619,615 
1.36% 
7,065,050 
0.58% 
3,217,780 
0.26% 
4,137,266 
0.34% 
0.00 
1,595,392 
0.13% 
672,473 
0.06% 
502,062 
0.04% 
1,367,338 
0.11% 
08.2007 
1,221,110,227 
14,066,645 
1.15% 
7,434,921 
0.61% 
4,059,175 
0.33% 
4,705,877 
0.39% 
0.00 
2,041,023 
0.17% 
909,807 
0.07% 
366,148 
0.03% 
1,388,898 
0.11% 
09.2007 
1,268,661,395 
21,501,084 
1.69% 
6,891,816 
0.54% 
3,705,461 
0.29% 
4,578,353 
0.36% 
0.00 
1,938,615 
0.15% 
918,380 
0.07% 
520,959 
0.04% 
1,200,399 
0.09% 
10.2007 
1,283,484,463 
15,575,739 
1.21% 
6,780,199 
0.53% 
3,341,272 
0.26% 
4,651,748 
0.36% 
0.00 
1,852,389 
0.14% 
967,456 
0.08% 
565,128 
0.04% 
1,266,776 
0.10% 
11.2007 
1,288,792,420 
14,214,043 
1.10% 
7,500,868 
0.58% 
3,772,293 
0.29% 
4,359,691 
0.34% 
0.00 
1,486,652 
0.12% 
924,119 
0.07% 
557,714 
0.04% 
1,391,207 
0.11% 
12.2007 
1,291,224,316 
16,388,706 
1.27% 
7,294,103 
0.56% 
3,700,466 
0.29% 
5,270,320 
0.41% 
0.00 
2,093,378 
0.16% 
937,634 
0.07% 
659,679 
0.05% 
1,579,629 
0.12% 
01.2008 
1,306,773,762 
14,755,901 
1.13% 
7,941,274 
0.61% 
4,329,265 
0.33% 
5,671,486 
0.43% 
0.00 
2,301,726 
0.18% 
1,263,261 
0.10% 
577,154 
0.04% 
1,529,345 
0.12% 
02.2008 
1,309,307,327 
13,037,221 
1.00% 
7,957,172 
0.61% 
3,874,142 
0.30% 
5,509,560 
0.42% 
0.00 
2,304,409 
0.18% 
1,193,978 
0.09% 
634,280 
0.05% 
1,376,893 
0.11% 
03.2008 
1,384,733,487 
18,984,156 
1.37% 
8,358,933 
0.60% 
3,458,917 
0.25% 
5,480,568 
0.40% 
0.00 
2,018,476 
0.15% 
1,299,225 
0.09% 
763,953 
0.06% 
1,398,915 
0.10% 
04.2008 
1,421,821,398 
14,792,090 
1.04% 
8,909,100 
0.63% 
3,716,284 
0.26% 
5,286,313 
0.37% 
0.00 
1,923,345 
0.14% 
1,106,879 
0.08% 
758,344 
0.05% 
1,497,746 
0.11% 
05.2008 
1,458,530,025 
16,297,177 
1.12% 
7,020,659 
0.48% 
3,783,686 
0.26% 
6,166,665 
0.42% 
0.00 
2,528,198 
0.17% 
1,159,299 
0.08% 
775,973 
0.05% 
1,703,195 
0.12% 
06.2008 
1,495,538,346 
16,552,628 
1.11% 
7,771,043 
0.52% 
3,750,196 
0.25% 
6,005,452 
0.40% 
0.00 
1,889,712 
0.13% 
1,647,085 
0.11% 
722,996 
0.05% 
1,745,658 
0.12% 
07.2008 
1,523,021,235 
17,937,291 
1.18% 
7,815,924 
0.51% 
3,660,696 
0.24% 
5,503,153 
0.36% 
0.00 
1,821,542 
0.12% 
1,036,360 
0.07% 
925,973 
0.06% 
1,719,277 
0.11% 
08.2008 
1,544,122,237 
18,244,560 
1.18% 
10,001,528 
0.65% 
4,755,205 
0.31% 
5,706,867 
0.37% 
0.00 
2,305,647 
0.15% 
1,002,434 
0.06% 
638,846 
0.04% 
1,759,940 
0.11% 
09.2008 
1,615,163,081 
19,601,275 
1.21% 
11,515,262 
0.71% 
4,882,460 
0.30% 
6,228,182 
0.39% 
0.00 
2,634,493 
0.16% 
1,299,760 
0.08% 
571,781 
0.04% 
1,722,148 
0.11% 
10.2008 
1,641,107,990 
23,367,519 
1.42% 
11,365,669 
0.69% 
5,400,308 
0.33% 
6,414,916 
0.39% 
0.00 
2,959,240 
0.18% 
1,278,706 
0.08% 
672,616 
0.04% 
1,504,354 
0.09% 
11.2008 
1,650,353,248 
18,429,456 
1.12% 
12,708,320 
0.77% 
5,723,413 
0.35% 
7,440,551 
0.45% 
0.00 
3,051,860 
0.18% 
2,044,310 
0.12% 
773,863 
0.05% 
1,570,518 
0.10% 
12.2008 
1,655,165,669 
20,274,547 
1.22% 
10,232,724 
0.62% 
6,200,704 
0.37% 
8,832,438 
0.53% 
0.00 
3,646,448 
0.22% 
2,005,792 
0.12% 
1,474,111 
0.09% 
1,706,087 
0.10% 
01.2009 
1,670,150,924 
20,683,396 
1.24% 
14,062,280 
0.84% 
6,480,922 
0.39% 
10,222,086 
0.61% 
0.00 
3,923,052 
0.23% 
2,524,583 
0.15% 
1,617,315 
0.10% 
2,157,136 
0.13% 
02.2009 
1,677,094,177 
19,972,363 
1.19% 
13,909,407 
0.83% 
7,228,171 
0.43% 
10,544,594 
0.63% 
0.00 
3,543,273 
0.21% 
2,473,184 
0.15% 
1,824,282 
0.11% 
2,703,855 
0.16% 
03.2009 
1,751,275,128 
21,934,800 
1.25% 
10,963,596 
0.63% 
5,279,171 
0.30% 
10,172,414 
0.58% 
0.00 
3,471,639 
0.20% 
1,935,932 
0.11% 
1,519,447 
0.09% 
3,245,395 
0.19% 
04.2009 
1,790,490,750 
22,600,583 
1.26% 
11,413,326 
0.64% 
5,105,302 
0.29% 
9,971,190 
0.56% 
0.00 
2,646,039 
0.15% 
2,256,404 
0.13% 
1,519,165 
0.08% 
3,549,581 
0.20% 
05.2009 
1,820,557,760 
24,007,434 
1.32% 
9,935,636 
0.55% 
4,948,742 
0.27% 
9,824,964 
0.54% 
0.00 
2,848,618 
0.16% 
1,680,918 
0.09% 
1,630,275 
0.09% 
3,665,153 
0.20% 
06.2009 
1,854,269,363 
24,055,330 
1.30% 
9,587,151 
0.52% 
4,540,580 
0.24% 
9,456,915 
0.51% 
0.00 
2,776,475 
0.15% 
1,830,163 
0.10% 
1,133,027 
0.06% 
3,717,250 
0.20% 
07.2009 
1,883,060,944 
29,971,069 
1.59% 
8,802,203 
0.47% 
4,372,782 
0.23% 
9,031,789 
0.48% 
0.00 
2,104,098 
0.11% 
1,901,834 
0.10% 
1,214,138 
0.06% 
3,811,719 
0.20% 
08.2009 
1,910,400,910 
21,518,847 
1.13% 
14,433,101 
0.76% 
4,746,569 
0.25% 
8,700,906 
0.46% 
0.00 
2,822,458 
0.15% 
1,484,716 
0.08% 
1,150,227 
0.06% 
3,243,505 
0.17% 
09.2009 
1,990,727,079 
26,065,507 
1.31% 
12,125,801 
0.61% 
6,702,991 
0.34% 
8,886,454 
0.45% 
0.00 
2,879,044 
0.14% 
1,642,353 
0.08% 
1,085,101 
0.05% 
3,279,956 
0.16%

--- Page 157 ---
- 146 - 
 
 
 
Calendar Year/Month 
Principal 
Outstanding 
Delinquent 
balance 1-30  
dpd (£) 
1-30 
dpd (%) 
Delinquent 
balance 31-60  
dpd (£) 
31-60 
dpd (%) 
Delinquent 
balance 61-90  
dpd (£) 
61-90 
dpd (%) 
Delinquent 
balance 91+  
dpd (£) 
91+ 
dpd (%) 
Delinquent 
balance 91-120  
dpd (£) 
91-120 
dpd (%) 
Delinquent 
balance 121-
150 
dpd (£) 
121-
150 
dpd (%) 
Delinquent 
balance 151-
180  
dpd (£) 
151-
180 
dpd (%) 
Delinquent 
balance 180+  
dpd (£) 
180+ 
dpd (%) 
10.2009 
2,036,700,678 
26,717,237 
1.31% 
10,001,731 
0.49% 
5,995,684 
0.29% 
9,979,190 
0.49% 
0.00 
4,270,778 
0.21% 
1,525,232 
0.07% 
1,122,122 
0.06% 
3,061,059 
0.15% 
11.2009 
2,059,728,090 
23,527,792 
1.14% 
11,010,934 
0.53% 
5,515,769 
0.27% 
9,987,417 
0.48% 
0.00 
3,689,722 
0.18% 
2,512,144 
0.12% 
901,761 
0.04% 
2,883,791 
0.14% 
12.2009 
2,097,383,166 
27,948,644 
1.33% 
10,350,051 
0.49% 
4,017,557 
0.19% 
7,975,029 
0.38% 
0.00 
2,684,031 
0.13% 
1,556,827 
0.07% 
831,515 
0.04% 
2,902,656 
0.14% 
01.2010 
2,114,783,670 
27,615,024 
1.31% 
11,992,638 
0.57% 
5,550,791 
0.26% 
7,333,508 
0.35% 
0.00 
2,485,435 
0.12% 
1,444,403 
0.07% 
843,359 
0.04% 
2,560,311 
0.12% 
02.2010 
2,128,898,433 
26,395,154 
1.24% 
12,943,631 
0.61% 
4,556,897 
0.21% 
6,535,018 
0.31% 
0.00 
2,192,193 
0.10% 
1,218,335 
0.06% 
755,068 
0.04% 
2,369,422 
0.11% 
03.2010 
2,236,149,324 
30,371,792 
1.36% 
12,660,671 
0.57% 
4,092,369 
0.18% 
6,408,263 
0.29% 
0.00 
1,838,480 
0.08% 
1,333,491 
0.06% 
860,673 
0.04% 
2,375,619 
0.11% 
04.2010 
2,292,342,653 
29,207,183 
1.27% 
12,101,315 
0.53% 
5,567,298 
0.24% 
7,115,073 
0.31% 
0.00 
2,333,050 
0.10% 
1,110,799 
0.05% 
979,027 
0.04% 
2,692,197 
0.12% 
05.2010 
2,349,726,747 
26,186,129 
1.11% 
9,921,424 
0.42% 
5,364,679 
0.23% 
8,090,646 
0.34% 
0.00 
3,104,286 
0.13% 
1,188,989 
0.05% 
864,198 
0.04% 
2,933,174 
0.12% 
06.2010 
2,397,780,388 
26,517,369 
1.11% 
9,498,355 
0.40% 
4,806,473 
0.20% 
8,132,429 
0.34% 
0.00 
2,654,523 
0.11% 
1,648,310 
0.07% 
865,820 
0.04% 
2,963,776 
0.12% 
07.2010 
2,434,568,865 
28,056,459 
1.15% 
9,295,892 
0.38% 
4,352,249 
0.18% 
8,208,354 
0.34% 
0.00 
2,633,369 
0.11% 
1,341,405 
0.06% 
1,011,334 
0.04% 
3,222,245 
0.13% 
08.2010 
2,461,280,623 
24,570,114 
1.00% 
10,931,479 
0.44% 
4,592,479 
0.19% 
7,910,476 
0.32% 
0.00 
2,134,037 
0.09% 
1,474,940 
0.06% 
935,133 
0.04% 
3,366,366 
0.14% 
09.2010 
2,559,256,617 
26,738,454 
1.04% 
11,051,591 
0.43% 
4,221,903 
0.16% 
8,082,102 
0.32% 
0.00 
2,240,057 
0.09% 
1,310,972 
0.05% 
1,016,111 
0.04% 
3,514,963 
0.14% 
10.2010 
2,616,340,398 
28,380,060 
1.08% 
9,222,644 
0.35% 
4,937,170 
0.19% 
8,777,331 
0.34% 
0.00 
2,419,797 
0.09% 
1,533,472 
0.06% 
935,730 
0.04% 
3,888,333 
0.15% 
11.2010 
2,665,566,320 
28,478,446 
1.07% 
9,210,506 
0.35% 
4,298,045 
0.16% 
8,430,290 
0.32% 
0.00 
2,315,849 
0.09% 
1,467,374 
0.06% 
997,230 
0.04% 
3,649,838 
0.14% 
12.2010 
2,694,711,817 
29,914,965 
1.11% 
10,657,128 
0.40% 
4,372,219 
0.16% 
8,833,428 
0.33% 
0.00 
2,566,234 
0.10% 
1,431,620 
0.05% 
1,006,416 
0.04% 
3,829,158 
0.14% 
01.2011 
2,710,811,576 
26,661,579 
0.98% 
12,006,334 
0.44% 
5,884,854 
0.22% 
9,645,208 
0.36% 
0.00 
2,948,017 
0.11% 
1,737,736 
0.06% 
959,246 
0.04% 
4,000,209 
0.15% 
02.2011 
2,715,598,224 
26,287,349 
0.97% 
11,059,155 
0.41% 
5,165,082 
0.19% 
9,612,212 
0.35% 
0.00 
2,846,263 
0.10% 
1,635,979 
0.06% 
1,250,361 
0.05% 
3,879,608 
0.14% 
03.2011 
2,846,093,567 
34,508,705 
1.21% 
12,417,465 
0.44% 
4,375,253 
0.15% 
8,163,016 
0.29% 
0.00 
2,139,250 
0.08% 
1,414,307 
0.05% 
938,747 
0.03% 
3,670,712 
0.13% 
04.2011 
2,890,320,665 
30,222,267 
1.05% 
12,300,591 
0.43% 
5,906,247 
0.20% 
8,732,339 
0.30% 
0.00 
2,126,043 
0.07% 
1,523,459 
0.05% 
1,150,799 
0.04% 
3,932,037 
0.14% 
05.2011 
2,948,876,226 
29,872,127 
1.01% 
10,016,523 
0.34% 
5,420,179 
0.18% 
9,715,591 
0.33% 
0.00 
3,556,523 
0.12% 
1,100,811 
0.04% 
1,140,770 
0.04% 
3,917,487 
0.13% 
06.2011 
3,001,844,381 
31,861,083 
1.06% 
10,420,571 
0.35% 
4,984,520 
0.17% 
9,006,407 
0.30% 
0.00 
2,813,647 
0.09% 
1,870,258 
0.06% 
733,854 
0.02% 
3,588,647 
0.12% 
07.2011 
3,038,398,763 
33,244,746 
1.09% 
9,647,671 
0.32% 
4,642,330 
0.15% 
10,278,744 
0.34% 
0.00 
3,072,904 
0.10% 
2,002,271 
0.07% 
1,369,050 
0.05% 
3,834,520 
0.13% 
08.2011 
3,068,597,508 
32,382,034 
1.06% 
10,306,851 
0.34% 
4,796,539 
0.16% 
9,484,667 
0.31% 
0.00 
2,515,094 
0.08% 
1,694,332 
0.06% 
1,429,186 
0.05% 
3,846,055 
0.13% 
09.2011 
3,175,385,422 
31,316,090 
0.99% 
10,654,294 
0.34% 
4,666,362 
0.15% 
8,926,642 
0.28% 
0.00 
2,454,767 
0.08% 
1,548,102 
0.05% 
1,024,239 
0.03% 
3,899,534 
0.12% 
10.2011 
3,211,850,205 
32,344,949 
1.01% 
9,342,208 
0.29% 
5,251,569 
0.16% 
8,960,098 
0.28% 
0.00 
2,569,794 
0.08% 
1,495,366 
0.05% 
1,061,357 
0.03% 
3,833,581 
0.12% 
11.2011 
3,241,683,862 
29,583,485 
0.91% 
10,637,217 
0.33% 
4,853,836 
0.15% 
8,470,892 
0.26% 
0.00 
2,521,670 
0.08% 
1,563,011 
0.05% 
827,627 
0.03% 
3,558,585 
0.11% 
12.2011 
3,261,388,953 
34,105,479 
1.05% 
10,340,518 
0.32% 
4,816,000 
0.15% 
8,623,146 
0.26% 
0.00 
2,562,217 
0.08% 
1,552,641 
0.05% 
972,632 
0.03% 
3,535,655 
0.11% 
01.2012 
3,288,181,281 
34,255,664 
1.04% 
11,894,624 
0.36% 
5,070,395 
0.15% 
8,580,468 
0.26% 
0.00 
2,786,813 
0.08% 
1,470,289 
0.04% 
957,917 
0.03% 
3,365,449 
0.10% 
02.2012 
3,295,229,361 
30,420,663 
0.92% 
11,254,737 
0.34% 
3,906,180 
0.12% 
7,810,956 
0.24% 
0.00 
2,270,739 
0.07% 
1,534,956 
0.05% 
703,561 
0.02% 
3,301,701 
0.10% 
03.2012 
3,475,156,706 
36,258,162 
1.04% 
11,648,422 
0.34% 
3,932,322 
0.11% 
7,181,273 
0.21% 
0.00 
2,236,044 
0.06% 
1,188,842 
0.03% 
989,155 
0.03% 
2,767,231 
0.08% 
04.2012 
3,542,954,859 
32,028,052 
0.90% 
12,506,662 
0.35% 
4,804,854 
0.14% 
7,136,777 
0.20% 
0.00 
2,365,480 
0.07% 
1,244,759 
0.04% 
788,715 
0.02% 
2,737,822 
0.08% 
05.2012 
3,624,509,648 
49,535,056 
1.37% 
12,926,686 
0.36% 
5,158,070 
0.14% 
7,683,109 
0.21% 
0.00 
2,940,669 
0.08% 
1,296,639 
0.04% 
704,505 
0.02% 
2,741,297 
0.08% 
06.2012 
3,696,251,181 
47,478,434 
1.28% 
13,638,148 
0.37% 
5,249,158 
0.14% 
7,832,004 
0.21% 
0.00 
2,659,394 
0.07% 
1,636,092 
0.04% 
852,673 
0.02% 
2,683,845 
0.07% 
07.2012 
3,754,657,822 
42,400,122 
1.13% 
12,703,367 
0.34% 
4,667,328 
0.12% 
8,005,150 
0.21% 
0.00 
2,722,519 
0.07% 
1,521,596 
0.04% 
1,061,382 
0.03% 
2,699,653 
0.07% 
08.2012 
3,787,597,865 
40,604,265 
1.07% 
13,186,315 
0.35% 
5,121,683 
0.14% 
7,669,855 
0.20% 
0.00 
2,597,366 
0.07% 
1,441,724 
0.04% 
921,232 
0.02% 
2,709,533 
0.07% 
09.2012 
3,959,592,604 
40,100,330 
1.01% 
14,180,502 
0.36% 
5,383,572 
0.14% 
7,656,076 
0.19% 
0.00 
2,480,034 
0.06% 
1,467,901 
0.04% 
997,207 
0.03% 
2,710,933 
0.07% 
10.2012 
4,026,203,447 
39,833,969 
0.99% 
11,572,983 
0.29% 
4,567,182 
0.11% 
6,913,348 
0.17% 
0.00 
2,480,517 
0.06% 
1,245,376 
0.03% 
765,298 
0.02% 
2,422,157 
0.06% 
11.2012 
4,067,569,581 
42,008,392 
1.03% 
12,312,246 
0.30% 
5,075,713 
0.12% 
6,151,035 
0.15% 
0.00 
1,821,723 
0.04% 
1,169,033 
0.03% 
653,633 
0.02% 
2,506,646 
0.06% 
12.2012 
4,081,198,192 
39,490,881 
0.97% 
13,873,533 
0.34% 
5,845,321 
0.14% 
7,608,338 
0.19% 
0.00 
2,711,956 
0.07% 
1,384,022 
0.03% 
839,112 
0.02% 
2,673,248 
0.07% 
01.2013 
4,103,312,812 
40,531,569 
0.99% 
15,060,055 
0.37% 
7,830,419 
0.19% 
8,231,573 
0.20% 
0.00 
3,014,000 
0.07% 
1,673,943 
0.04% 
697,858 
0.02% 
2,845,771 
0.07% 
02.2013 
4,113,941,066 
35,130,385 
0.85% 
15,507,501 
0.38% 
6,355,629 
0.15% 
8,963,795 
0.22% 
0.00 
3,739,275 
0.09% 
1,571,476 
0.04% 
870,724 
0.02% 
2,782,320 
0.07% 
03.2013 
4,316,776,678 
184,885,079 
4.28% 
15,685,538 
0.36% 
6,450,743 
0.15% 
9,842,761 
0.23% 
0.00 
3,601,746 
0.08% 
2,283,171 
0.05% 
992,714 
0.02% 
2,965,130 
0.07% 
04.2013 
4,396,399,607 
42,133,288 
0.96% 
16,241,473 
0.37% 
7,278,978 
0.17% 
9,374,149 
0.21% 
0.00 
3,218,627 
0.07% 
1,838,004 
0.04% 
1,469,067 
0.03% 
2,848,452 
0.06% 
05.2013 
4,462,102,562 
42,606,341 
0.95% 
13,851,925 
0.31% 
7,409,725 
0.17% 
10,502,937 
0.24% 
0.00 
4,152,295 
0.09% 
2,093,228 
0.05% 
1,206,531 
0.03% 
3,050,883 
0.07% 
06.2013 
4,557,512,466 
41,569,543 
0.91% 
16,070,050 
0.35% 
7,367,232 
0.16% 
9,880,553 
0.22% 
0.00 
3,761,176 
0.08% 
1,975,449 
0.04% 
1,116,481 
0.02% 
3,027,447 
0.07% 
07.2013 
4,635,668,865 
62,365,205 
1.35% 
19,219,870 
0.41% 
7,638,804 
0.16% 
10,374,882 
0.22% 
0.00 
3,850,464 
0.08% 
2,106,688 
0.05% 
1,108,788 
0.02% 
3,308,942 
0.07% 
08.2013 
4,720,841,796 
41,365,156 
0.88% 
21,581,511 
0.46% 
9,107,331 
0.19% 
11,345,056 
0.24% 
0.00 
3,941,603 
0.08% 
2,551,850 
0.05% 
1,294,373 
0.03% 
3,557,230 
0.08% 
09.2013 
4,964,110,094 
41,004,390 
0.83% 
19,672,647 
0.40% 
8,196,317 
0.17% 
12,290,641 
0.25% 
0.00 
4,603,148 
0.09% 
2,366,145 
0.05% 
1,681,205 
0.03% 
3,640,144 
0.07% 
10.2013 
5,060,891,517 
44,888,453 
0.89% 
15,807,043 
0.31% 
7,428,631 
0.15% 
11,632,611 
0.23% 
0.00 
4,061,116 
0.08% 
2,490,810 
0.05% 
1,282,574 
0.03% 
3,798,112 
0.08% 
11.2013 
5,140,925,985 
38,940,241 
0.76% 
16,454,160 
0.32% 
7,946,444 
0.15% 
12,383,329 
0.24% 
0.00 
3,914,212 
0.08% 
2,736,693 
0.05% 
1,891,372 
0.04% 
3,841,052 
0.07% 
12.2013 
5,204,528,133 
43,850,952 
0.84% 
14,982,590 
0.29% 
7,271,496 
0.14% 
13,186,249 
0.25% 
0.00 
4,612,111 
0.09% 
2,649,998 
0.05% 
1,796,214 
0.03% 
4,127,926 
0.08% 
01.2014 
5,273,827,031 
39,516,404 
0.75% 
16,325,289 
0.31% 
8,105,421 
0.15% 
13,880,668 
0.26% 
0.00 
4,519,781 
0.09% 
3,225,366 
0.06% 
1,818,296 
0.03% 
4,317,225 
0.08% 
02.2014 
5,336,092,276 
34,760,425 
0.65% 
14,808,479 
0.28% 
7,892,915 
0.15% 
12,431,613 
0.23% 
0.00 
3,755,648 
0.07% 
2,571,788 
0.05% 
1,745,469 
0.03% 
4,358,708 
0.08% 
03.2014 
5,630,133,963 
39,589,574 
0.70% 
13,816,297 
0.25% 
6,979,651 
0.12% 
11,565,652 
0.21% 
0.00 
3,057,217 
0.05% 
2,394,352 
0.04% 
1,722,824 
0.03% 
4,391,259 
0.08% 
04.2014 
5,725,275,299 
44,561,324 
0.78% 
15,927,021 
0.28% 
6,538,421 
0.11% 
12,749,383 
0.22% 
0.00 
3,863,340 
0.07% 
2,418,121 
0.04% 
1,901,336 
0.03% 
4,566,586 
0.08% 
05.2014 
5,842,341,139 
40,796,314 
0.70% 
13,646,386 
0.23% 
7,137,773 
0.12% 
11,815,417 
0.20% 
0.00 
3,485,135 
0.06% 
2,102,735 
0.04% 
1,599,860 
0.03% 
4,627,687 
0.08% 
06.2014 
5,953,086,523 
37,919,525 
0.64% 
14,142,585 
0.24% 
7,235,223 
0.12% 
12,212,301 
0.21% 
0.00 
4,078,918 
0.07% 
2,133,488 
0.04% 
1,501,954 
0.03% 
4,497,942 
0.08% 
07.2014 
6,044,166,747 
42,390,573 
0.70% 
12,519,732 
0.21% 
6,376,712 
0.11% 
11,955,921 
0.20% 
0.00 
3,988,440 
0.07% 
2,337,315 
0.04% 
1,371,294 
0.02% 
4,258,872 
0.07% 
08.2014 
6,109,881,901 
36,806,565 
0.60% 
15,757,973 
0.26% 
7,386,421 
0.12% 
13,413,611 
0.22% 
0.00 
4,696,200 
0.08% 
2,593,878 
0.04% 
1,731,458 
0.03% 
4,392,075 
0.07% 
09.2014 
6,377,998,533 
40,886,912 
0.64% 
15,356,782 
0.24% 
7,531,308 
0.12% 
13,813,194 
0.22% 
0.00 
4,599,913 
0.07% 
3,122,118 
0.05% 
1,554,822 
0.02% 
4,536,341 
0.07% 
10.2014 
6,496,616,415 
45,103,160 
0.69% 
13,632,353 
0.21% 
7,214,516 
0.11% 
14,284,417 
0.22% 
0.00 
4,435,239 
0.07% 
3,226,644 
0.05% 
1,985,861 
0.03% 
4,636,672 
0.07% 
11.2014 
6,569,682,859 
35,244,775 
0.54% 
16,031,670 
0.24% 
8,131,642 
0.12% 
14,182,621 
0.22% 
0.00 
4,709,287 
0.07% 
2,937,879 
0.04% 
1,879,813 
0.03% 
4,655,643 
0.07% 
12.2014 
6,621,452,721 
43,243,523 
0.65% 
14,541,796 
0.22% 
7,637,631 
0.12% 
13,896,388 
0.21% 
0.00 
5,034,021 
0.08% 
2,900,077 
0.04% 
1,316,347 
0.02% 
4,645,944 
0.07% 
01.2015 
6,669,488,897 
39,598,030 
0.59% 
19,918,288 
0.30% 
8,646,501 
0.13% 
14,234,969 
0.21% 
0.00 
4,759,278 
0.07% 
3,346,700 
0.05% 
1,612,778 
0.02% 
4,516,214 
0.07% 
02.2015 
6,709,994,718 
35,740,593 
0.53% 
19,049,034 
0.28% 
8,333,487 
0.12% 
13,518,572 
0.20% 
0.00 
4,524,485 
0.07% 
2,499,698 
0.04% 
1,807,959 
0.03% 
4,686,431 
0.07% 
03.2015 
6,996,837,141 
48,317,910 
0.69% 
17,905,243 
0.26% 
8,310,898 
0.12% 
13,900,893 
0.20% 
0.00 
5,107,064 
0.07% 
3,007,884 
0.04% 
1,492,213 
0.02% 
4,293,732 
0.06% 
04.2015 
7,093,155,803 
30,374,938 
0.43% 
16,412,121 
0.23% 
8,033,192 
0.11% 
13,842,873 
0.20% 
0.00 
4,868,855 
0.07% 
3,235,920 
0.05% 
1,886,681 
0.03% 
3,851,417 
0.05% 
05.2015 
7,208,326,360 
41,821,677 
0.58% 
14,861,203 
0.21% 
8,298,893 
0.12% 
16,281,161 
0.23% 
0.00 
6,532,181 
0.09% 
3,109,918 
0.04% 
2,436,053 
0.03% 
4,203,010 
0.06% 
06.2015 
7,339,142,621 
61,468,026 
0.84% 
16,715,871 
0.23% 
8,247,297 
0.11% 
15,360,676 
0.21% 
0.00 
5,173,303 
0.07% 
3,861,358 
0.05% 
1,890,709 
0.03% 
4,435,307 
0.06% 
07.2015 
7,462,363,750 
56,714,282 
0.76% 
14,722,582 
0.20% 
9,050,701 
0.12% 
16,032,395 
0.21% 
0.00 
5,727,354 
0.08% 
3,571,004 
0.05% 
2,334,417 
0.03% 
4,399,620 
0.06% 
08.2015 
7,560,784,967 
38,829,534 
0.51% 
20,264,280 
0.27% 
8,327,521 
0.11% 
18,458,638 
0.24% 
0.00 
6,433,210 
0.09% 
4,402,545 
0.06% 
2,601,136 
0.03% 
5,021,747 
0.07% 
09.2015 
7,902,737,436 
42,329,784 
0.54% 
19,112,515 
0.24% 
8,837,901 
0.11% 
19,047,881 
0.24% 
0.00 
6,084,812 
0.08% 
4,573,244 
0.06% 
3,056,406 
0.04% 
5,333,419 
0.07% 
10.2015 
8,022,484,576 
43,859,464 
0.55% 
16,008,974 
0.20% 
7,835,530 
0.10% 
21,021,933 
0.26% 
0.00 
6,515,874 
0.08% 
4,138,121 
0.05% 
3,705,484 
0.05% 
6,662,453 
0.08% 
11.2015 
7,968,524,004 
39,453,973 
0.50% 
17,902,071 
0.22% 
8,835,568 
0.11% 
20,718,432 
0.26% 
0.00 
5,563,521 
0.07% 
4,660,974 
0.06% 
3,354,447 
0.04% 
7,139,491 
0.09%

--- Page 158 ---
- 147 - 
 
 
 
Calendar Year/Month 
Principal 
Outstanding 
Delinquent 
balance 1-30  
dpd (£) 
1-30 
dpd (%) 
Delinquent 
balance 31-60  
dpd (£) 
31-60 
dpd (%) 
Delinquent 
balance 61-90  
dpd (£) 
61-90 
dpd (%) 
Delinquent 
balance 91+  
dpd (£) 
91+ 
dpd (%) 
Delinquent 
balance 91-120  
dpd (£) 
91-120 
dpd (%) 
Delinquent 
balance 121-
150 
dpd (£) 
121-
150 
dpd (%) 
Delinquent 
balance 151-
180  
dpd (£) 
151-
180 
dpd (%) 
Delinquent 
balance 180+  
dpd (£) 
180+ 
dpd (%) 
12.2015 
8,208,534,919 
47,210,575 
0.58% 
15,550,875 
0.19% 
8,153,346 
0.10% 
21,747,887 
0.26% 
0.00 
6,258,917 
0.08% 
4,424,116 
0.05% 
3,188,351 
0.04% 
7,876,503 
0.10% 
01.2016 
8,294,816,457 
42,939,096 
0.52% 
20,240,951 
0.24% 
9,003,644 
0.11% 
20,692,789 
0.25% 
0.00 
5,664,963 
0.07% 
4,685,499 
0.06% 
2,949,462 
0.04% 
7,392,866 
0.09% 
02.2016 
8,365,374,956 
42,113,181 
0.50% 
19,819,612 
0.24% 
9,402,942 
0.11% 
20,415,520 
0.24% 
0.00 
6,137,668 
0.07% 
3,643,245 
0.04% 
3,491,361 
0.04% 
7,143,247 
0.09% 
03.2016 
8,785,314,150 
55,238,901 
0.63% 
18,821,624 
0.21% 
7,946,541 
0.09% 
18,342,022 
0.21% 
0.00 
5,788,278 
0.07% 
3,395,291 
0.04% 
2,194,103 
0.02% 
6,964,351 
0.08% 
04.2016 
8,898,794,720 
44,347,319 
0.50% 
21,448,922 
0.24% 
8,482,589 
0.10% 
16,902,554 
0.19% 
0.00 
5,521,294 
0.06% 
3,602,787 
0.04% 
2,015,487 
0.02% 
5,762,987 
0.06% 
05.2016 
9,013,980,277 
48,392,118 
0.54% 
16,185,027 
0.18% 
9,564,614 
0.11% 
16,954,178 
0.19% 
0.00 
5,748,284 
0.06% 
3,467,219 
0.04% 
2,418,480 
0.03% 
5,320,196 
0.06% 
06.2016 
9,107,261,345 
51,744,093 
0.57% 
20,295,379 
0.22% 
8,300,810 
0.09% 
12,274,845 
0.13% 
0.00 
4,463,406 
0.05% 
2,189,965 
0.02% 
1,313,393 
0.01% 
4,308,080 
0.05% 
07.2016 
9,181,201,353 
52,629,193 
0.57% 
17,562,143 
0.19% 
8,002,268 
0.09% 
12,833,203 
0.14% 
0.00 
4,277,274 
0.05% 
2,623,647 
0.03% 
1,378,834 
0.02% 
4,553,447 
0.05% 
08.2016 
9,217,528,892 
56,047,246 
0.61% 
22,710,632 
0.25% 
9,269,695 
0.10% 
13,429,339 
0.15% 
0.00 
4,763,742 
0.05% 
2,418,538 
0.03% 
1,642,349 
0.02% 
4,604,710 
0.05% 
09.2016 
9,552,191,575 
54,986,331 
0.58% 
25,625,891 
0.27% 
8,410,056 
0.09% 
11,862,337 
0.12% 
0.00 
4,013,123 
0.04% 
2,099,325 
0.02% 
1,295,034 
0.01% 
4,454,855 
0.05% 
10.2016 
9,657,704,005 
58,288,468 
0.60% 
22,198,484 
0.23% 
9,039,413 
0.09% 
12,940,035 
0.13% 
0.00 
5,023,285 
0.05% 
2,086,408 
0.02% 
1,512,689 
0.02% 
4,317,653 
0.04% 
11.2016 
9,737,615,552 
53,333,042 
0.55% 
24,995,747 
0.26% 
10,210,349 
0.10% 
12,804,934 
0.13% 
0.00 
4,720,414 
0.05% 
2,482,661 
0.03% 
1,428,145 
0.01% 
4,173,714 
0.04% 
12.2016 
9,795,879,190 
53,251,099 
0.54% 
21,655,100 
0.22% 
10,368,865 
0.11% 
15,307,889 
0.16% 
0.00 
6,356,685 
0.06% 
2,819,416 
0.03% 
1,770,297 
0.02% 
4,361,491 
0.04% 
01.2017 
9,862,365,862 
64,196,543 
0.65% 
25,915,788 
0.26% 
10,571,931 
0.11% 
16,750,880 
0.17% 
0.00 
6,568,733 
0.07% 
3,765,098 
0.04% 
1,778,021 
0.02% 
4,639,027 
0.05% 
02.2017 
9,889,192,094 
55,956,648 
0.57% 
27,604,513 
0.28% 
10,674,542 
0.11% 
14,779,451 
0.15% 
0.00 
5,495,516 
0.06% 
2,937,528 
0.03% 
1,884,720 
0.02% 
4,461,688 
0.05% 
03.2017 
10,284,610,398 
66,957,276 
0.65% 
26,208,511 
0.25% 
9,752,633 
0.09% 
14,293,076 
0.14% 
0.00 
5,066,704 
0.05% 
2,810,920 
0.03% 
1,533,301 
0.01% 
4,882,151 
0.05% 
04.2017 
10,321,663,578 
52,546,529 
0.51% 
30,794,661 
0.30% 
11,060,753 
0.11% 
15,551,680 
0.15% 
0.00 
5,005,379 
0.05% 
3,427,346 
0.03% 
2,027,573 
0.02% 
5,091,382 
0.05% 
05.2017 
10,420,860,587 
69,837,961 
0.67% 
26,004,140 
0.25% 
11,567,345 
0.11% 
18,606,306 
0.18% 
0.00 
7,039,968 
0.07% 
3,527,349 
0.03% 
2,391,142 
0.02% 
5,647,847 
0.05% 
06.2017 
10,540,148,715 
60,608,928 
0.58% 
27,984,692 
0.27% 
11,634,825 
0.11% 
17,631,507 
0.17% 
0.00 
6,057,691 
0.06% 
3,579,109 
0.03% 
2,074,363 
0.02% 
5,920,344 
0.06% 
07.2017 
10,606,637,978 
66,018,809 
0.62% 
26,378,878 
0.25% 
11,815,328 
0.11% 
17,410,695 
0.16% 
0.00 
6,737,011 
0.06% 
2,806,627 
0.03% 
2,116,483 
0.02% 
5,750,573 
0.05% 
08.2017 
10,645,801,623 
59,824,850 
0.56% 
28,586,022 
0.27% 
12,731,366 
0.12% 
15,429,856 
0.14% 
0.00 
5,692,396 
0.05% 
2,915,193 
0.03% 
1,475,241 
0.01% 
5,347,026 
0.05% 
09.2017 
10,977,978,796 
61,169,723 
0.56% 
33,021,382 
0.30% 
11,561,671 
0.11% 
15,535,859 
0.14% 
0.00 
5,881,504 
0.05% 
2,769,055 
0.03% 
1,759,184 
0.02% 
5,126,116 
0.05% 
10.2017 
11,060,514,586 
89,469,433 
0.81% 
30,720,808 
0.28% 
12,481,936 
0.11% 
15,229,382 
0.14% 
0.00 
5,498,057 
0.05% 
3,149,260 
0.03% 
1,443,836 
0.01% 
5,138,228 
0.05% 
11.2017 
11,139,578,943 
77,004,821 
0.69% 
36,865,220 
0.33% 
13,964,599 
0.13% 
16,688,661 
0.15% 
0.00 
6,045,371 
0.05% 
3,143,279 
0.03% 
2,179,590 
0.02% 
5,320,421 
0.05% 
12.2017 
11,159,813,912 
73,479,241 
0.66% 
35,033,419 
0.31% 
14,534,534 
0.13% 
19,886,603 
0.18% 
0.00 
7,099,976 
0.06% 
4,253,912 
0.04% 
2,239,577 
0.02% 
6,293,138 
0.06% 
01.2018 
11,218,401,024 
83,346,342 
0.74% 
42,256,867 
0.38% 
16,505,888 
0.15% 
18,970,306 
0.17% 
0.00 
6,874,407 
0.06% 
3,936,529 
0.04% 
2,032,967 
0.02% 
6,126,403 
0.05% 
02.2018 
11,237,162,249 
67,343,169 
0.60% 
48,150,678 
0.43% 
16,593,116 
0.15% 
20,705,557 
0.18% 
0.00 
7,171,126 
0.06% 
4,513,298 
0.04% 
2,597,041 
0.02% 
6,424,092 
0.06% 
03.2018 
11,615,023,624 
74,439,571 
0.64% 
43,279,773 
0.37% 
16,616,582 
0.14% 
22,133,718 
0.19% 
0.00 
7,598,683 
0.07% 
4,423,956 
0.04% 
3,094,299 
0.03% 
7,016,780 
0.06% 
04.2018 
11,695,367,296 
77,650,380 
0.66% 
46,447,437 
0.40% 
15,304,623 
0.13% 
20,355,408 
0.17% 
0.00 
6,046,677 
0.05% 
4,081,856 
0.03% 
2,548,471 
0.02% 
7,678,404 
0.07% 
05.2018 
11,783,062,350 
89,764,650 
0.76% 
41,091,368 
0.35% 
14,477,400 
0.12% 
21,812,188 
0.19% 
0.00 
6,779,398 
0.06% 
3,681,058 
0.03% 
3,060,585 
0.03% 
8,291,146 
0.07% 
06.2018 
11,935,472,037 
74,778,518 
0.63% 
46,708,430 
0.39% 
15,625,946 
0.13% 
21,353,036 
0.18% 
0.00 
6,196,076 
0.05% 
4,150,830 
0.03% 
2,535,112 
0.02% 
8,471,018 
0.07% 
07.2018 
12,002,291,420 
102,833,700 
0.86% 
41,674,204 
0.35% 
16,551,216 
0.14% 
22,255,487 
0.19% 
0.00 
7,145,651 
0.06% 
4,137,927 
0.03% 
2,812,760 
0.02% 
8,159,149 
0.07% 
08.2018 
11,998,615,068 
92,484,756 
0.77% 
46,438,650 
0.39% 
16,949,114 
0.14% 
20,957,856 
0.17% 
0.00 
7,004,404 
0.06% 
3,581,226 
0.03% 
2,378,603 
0.02% 
7,993,623 
0.07% 
09.2018 
12,077,594,919 
74,694,621 
0.62% 
49,755,627 
0.41% 
14,936,638 
0.12% 
17,228,432 
0.14% 
0.00 
5,126,535 
0.04% 
2,266,613 
0.02% 
1,789,364 
0.01% 
8,045,921 
0.07% 
10.2018 
12,084,410,664 
95,052,467 
0.79% 
45,290,179 
0.37% 
13,901,405 
0.12% 
16,878,242 
0.14% 
0.00 
4,491,827 
0.04% 
2,727,632 
0.02% 
1,513,613 
0.01% 
8,145,170 
0.07% 
11.2018 
12,093,080,238 
79,518,305 
0.66% 
58,579,964 
0.48% 
17,652,570 
0.15% 
17,964,452 
0.15% 
0.00 
5,387,054 
0.04% 
2,152,217 
0.02% 
1,889,052 
0.02% 
8,536,129 
0.07% 
12.2018 
12,065,372,667 
84,735,850 
0.70% 
44,098,010 
0.37% 
16,804,223 
0.14% 
18,994,296 
0.16% 
0.00 
6,627,065 
0.05% 
2,012,083 
0.02% 
1,537,006 
0.01% 
8,818,142 
0.07% 
01.2019 
12,103,810,050 
89,401,802 
0.74% 
52,343,317 
0.43% 
17,743,124 
0.15% 
19,842,964 
0.16% 
0.00 
7,194,278 
0.06% 
2,881,234 
0.02% 
1,352,195 
0.01% 
8,415,257 
0.07% 
02.2019 
12,106,915,717 
75,881,390 
0.63% 
53,572,692 
0.44% 
17,533,498 
0.14% 
19,777,329 
0.16% 
0.00 
6,380,883 
0.05% 
3,250,572 
0.03% 
2,163,024 
0.02% 
7,982,850 
0.07% 
03.2019 
12,398,020,130 
78,524,604 
0.63% 
46,326,627 
0.37% 
12,822,861 
0.10% 
16,011,587 
0.13% 
0.00 
4,148,986 
0.03% 
2,472,233 
0.02% 
1,840,528 
0.01% 
7,549,841 
0.06% 
04.2019 
12,481,162,379 
96,484,815 
0.77% 
49,898,690 
0.40% 
14,057,934 
0.11% 
15,820,087 
0.13% 
0.00 
4,876,224 
0.04% 
1,642,860 
0.01% 
1,531,308 
0.01% 
7,769,695 
0.06% 
05.2019 
12,572,124,839 
118,517,492 
0.94% 
47,548,485 
0.38% 
13,946,609 
0.11% 
15,701,256 
0.12% 
0.00 
4,448,668 
0.04% 
2,283,163 
0.02% 
1,083,368 
0.01% 
7,886,057 
0.06% 
06.2019 
12,646,849,886 
82,136,260 
0.65% 
52,969,140 
0.42% 
16,691,963 
0.13% 
15,398,312 
0.12% 
0.00 
3,933,103 
0.03% 
1,877,768 
0.01% 
1,759,548 
0.01% 
7,827,893 
0.06% 
07.2019 
12,660,653,209 
100,935,058 
0.80% 
44,942,571 
0.35% 
15,217,554 
0.12% 
16,584,334 
0.13% 
0.00 
5,251,924 
0.04% 
2,003,607 
0.02% 
1,462,288 
0.01% 
7,866,515 
0.06% 
08.2019 
12,654,998,347 
81,699,885 
0.65% 
49,351,898 
0.39% 
15,570,083 
0.12% 
16,446,035 
0.13% 
0.00 
4,644,859 
0.04% 
2,186,525 
0.02% 
1,463,475 
0.01% 
8,151,176 
0.06% 
09.2019 
12,825,180,606 
78,721,803 
0.61% 
49,026,720 
0.38% 
16,355,743 
0.13% 
14,595,369 
0.11% 
0.00 
4,929,426 
0.04% 
2,042,887 
0.02% 
1,609,697 
0.01% 
6,013,358 
0.05% 
10.2019 
12,865,273,497 
112,410,438 
0.87% 
41,505,493 
0.32% 
14,396,773 
0.11% 
14,096,863 
0.11% 
0.00 
5,067,540 
0.04% 
1,657,045 
0.01% 
1,502,339 
0.01% 
5,869,939 
0.05% 
11.2019 
12,911,317,204 
75,329,608 
0.58% 
45,880,568 
0.36% 
14,739,738 
0.11% 
12,368,189 
0.10% 
0.00 
3,848,264 
0.03% 
1,859,998 
0.01% 
1,318,223 
0.01% 
5,341,704 
0.04% 
12.2019 
12,937,376,535 
86,099,740 
0.67% 
42,016,260 
0.32% 
15,985,850 
0.12% 
13,129,925 
0.10% 
0.00 
5,491,139 
0.04% 
1,777,907 
0.01% 
1,277,745 
0.01% 
4,583,135 
0.04% 
01.2020 
13,000,914,999 
93,344,118 
0.72% 
48,544,346 
0.37% 
17,803,633 
0.14% 
13,420,803 
0.10% 
0.00 
5,251,580 
0.04% 
2,447,185 
0.02% 
1,385,200 
0.01% 
4,336,838 
0.03% 
02.2020 
13,006,345,327 
71,803,044 
0.55% 
50,633,283 
0.39% 
16,842,764 
0.13% 
12,943,785 
0.10% 
0.00 
4,379,554 
0.03% 
2,316,338 
0.02% 
1,650,775 
0.01% 
4,597,119 
0.04% 
03.2020 
13,129,528,495 
148,440,433 
1.13% 
50,028,317 
0.38% 
15,475,124 
0.12% 
14,438,423 
0.11% 
0.00 
5,795,213 
0.04% 
2,265,244 
0.02% 
1,853,126 
0.01% 
4,524,840 
0.03% 
04.2020 
12,829,265,468 
211,023,840 
1.64% 
94,993,708 
0.74% 
21,336,502 
0.17% 
20,731,210 
0.16% 
0.00 
8,873,166 
0.07% 
4,622,557 
0.04% 
1,973,749 
0.02% 
5,261,738 
0.04% 
05.2020 
12,630,411,245 
199,060,579 
1.58% 
134,688,117 
1.07% 
54,407,787 
0.43% 
31,720,996 
0.25% 
0.00 
14,387,026 
0.11% 
7,123,609 
0.06% 
3,982,141 
0.03% 
6,228,220 
0.05% 
06.2020 
12,761,390,461 
106,153,786 
0.83% 
69,263,154 
0.54% 
91,077,986 
0.71% 
56,778,144 
0.44% 
0.00 
31,162,701 
0.24% 
11,212,497 
0.09% 
5,736,508 
0.04% 
8,666,437 
0.07% 
07.2020 
12,953,278,811 
94,014,961 
0.73% 
55,056,914 
0.43% 
49,154,071 
0.38% 
97,293,770 
0.75% 
0.00 
51,835,467 
0.40% 
25,114,898 
0.19% 
7,563,874 
0.06% 
12,779,530 
0.10% 
08.2020 
12,981,362,396 
95,865,121 
0.74% 
50,735,934 
0.39% 
37,541,128 
0.29% 
98,157,724 
0.76% 
0.00 
30,814,728 
0.24% 
33,901,471 
0.26% 
19,385,528 
0.15% 
14,055,997 
0.11% 
09.2020 
13,253,598,993 
91,711,664 
0.69% 
66,931,337 
0.51% 
32,807,662 
0.25% 
93,762,627 
0.71% 
0.00 
24,788,269 
0.19% 
19,037,284 
0.14% 
23,949,322 
0.18% 
25,987,753 
0.20% 
10.2020 
13,234,670,641 
92,746,470 
0.70% 
49,473,089 
0.37% 
37,783,789 
0.29% 
88,703,189 
0.67% 
0.00 
22,933,309 
0.17% 
14,396,030 
0.11% 
12,058,921 
0.09% 
39,314,929 
0.30% 
11.2020 
13,179,805,054 
76,577,903 
0.58% 
53,869,336 
0.41% 
37,292,220 
0.28% 
85,244,027 
0.65% 
0.00 
23,712,280 
0.18% 
12,410,720 
0.09% 
9,322,113 
0.07% 
39,798,914 
0.30% 
12.2020 
13,162,719,374 
93,917,565 
0.71% 
48,946,940 
0.37% 
35,950,377 
0.27% 
84,186,132 
0.64% 
0.00 
22,487,354 
0.17% 
13,945,828 
0.11% 
8,228,330 
0.06% 
39,524,620 
0.30% 
01.2021 
13,052,789,517 
78,211,190 
0.60% 
51,394,138 
0.39% 
36,854,665 
0.28% 
84,696,696 
0.65% 
0.00 
22,213,530 
0.17% 
12,446,450 
0.10% 
10,707,178 
0.08% 
39,329,539 
0.30% 
02.2021 
12,915,357,378 
68,391,520 
0.53% 
49,421,753 
0.38% 
35,740,254 
0.28% 
76,102,136 
0.59% 
0.00 
19,317,367 
0.15% 
11,326,221 
0.09% 
8,558,208 
0.07% 
36,900,339 
0.29% 
03.2021 
13,010,171,267 
84,139,573 
0.65% 
49,873,236 
0.38% 
31,952,002 
0.25% 
68,486,420 
0.53% 
0.00 
16,687,873 
0.13% 
10,990,925 
0.08% 
7,364,863 
0.06% 
33,442,759 
0.26% 
04.2021 
12,996,034,915 
80,362,789 
0.62% 
48,609,195 
0.37% 
30,540,642 
0.23% 
63,405,051 
0.49% 
0.00 
15,818,776 
0.12% 
10,104,845 
0.08% 
7,739,246 
0.06% 
29,742,184 
0.23% 
05.2021 
13,055,265,823 
76,399,984 
0.59% 
42,909,736 
0.33% 
28,382,883 
0.22% 
63,978,476 
0.49% 
0.00 
18,292,625 
0.14% 
9,690,657 
0.07% 
6,533,395 
0.05% 
29,461,800 
0.23% 
06.2021 
13,085,475,787 
80,245,172 
0.61% 
47,330,844 
0.36% 
27,223,955 
0.21% 
57,500,114 
0.44% 
0.00 
14,993,454 
0.11% 
9,606,440 
0.07% 
6,978,546 
0.05% 
25,921,673 
0.20% 
07.2021 
13,067,063,703 
87,785,876 
0.67% 
45,060,547 
0.34% 
25,101,661 
0.19% 
49,065,160 
0.38% 
0.00 
14,429,156 
0.11% 
7,916,670 
0.06% 
5,536,928 
0.04% 
21,182,405 
0.16% 
08.2021 
13,012,018,573 
77,856,379 
0.60% 
49,090,288 
0.38% 
28,051,015 
0.22% 
44,720,296 
0.34% 
0.00 
12,919,622 
0.10% 
7,717,049 
0.06% 
4,974,593 
0.04% 
19,109,032 
0.15% 
09.2021 
13,053,931,767 
84,037,296 
0.64% 
50,338,772 
0.39% 
25,652,235 
0.20% 
39,857,155 
0.31% 
0.00 
12,575,055 
0.10% 
5,934,200 
0.05% 
4,273,952 
0.03% 
17,073,948 
0.13% 
10.2021 
12,970,834,224 
85,958,748 
0.66% 
41,868,576 
0.32% 
24,182,041 
0.19% 
35,625,241 
0.27% 
0.00 
11,160,506 
0.09% 
5,727,934 
0.04% 
4,135,675 
0.03% 
14,601,125 
0.11% 
11.2021 
12,932,415,072 
94,011,704 
0.73% 
47,918,799 
0.37% 
23,850,478 
0.18% 
33,643,982 
0.26% 
0.00 
10,716,345 
0.08% 
5,342,833 
0.04% 
3,655,410 
0.03% 
13,929,393 
0.11% 
12.2021 
12,894,729,769 
98,969,389 
0.77% 
45,572,274 
0.35% 
23,005,155 
0.18% 
32,467,815 
0.25% 
0.00 
9,996,866 
0.08% 
5,465,364 
0.04% 
3,270,186 
0.03% 
13,735,399 
0.11% 
01.2022 
12,903,859,790 
86,880,554 
0.67% 
48,561,642 
0.38% 
23,706,000 
0.18% 
32,207,886 
0.25% 
0.00 
11,315,206 
0.09% 
5,297,920 
0.04% 
3,025,801 
0.02% 
12,568,958 
0.10%

--- Page 159 ---
- 148 - 
 
 
 
Calendar Year/Month 
Principal 
Outstanding 
Delinquent 
balance 1-30  
dpd (£) 
1-30 
dpd (%) 
Delinquent 
balance 31-60  
dpd (£) 
31-60 
dpd (%) 
Delinquent 
balance 61-90  
dpd (£) 
61-90 
dpd (%) 
Delinquent 
balance 91+  
dpd (£) 
91+ 
dpd (%) 
Delinquent 
balance 91-120  
dpd (£) 
91-120 
dpd (%) 
Delinquent 
balance 121-
150 
dpd (£) 
121-
150 
dpd (%) 
Delinquent 
balance 151-
180  
dpd (£) 
151-
180 
dpd (%) 
Delinquent 
balance 180+  
dpd (£) 
180+ 
dpd (%) 
02.2022 
12,787,976,210 
69,026,290 
0.54% 
48,521,116 
0.38% 
20,183,651 
0.16% 
25,836,534 
0.20% 
0.00 
7,314,872 
0.06% 
4,634,464 
0.04% 
2,580,001 
0.02% 
11,307,197 
0.09% 
03.2022 
12,918,821,700 
99,622,287 
0.77% 
44,430,238 
0.34% 
17,410,883 
0.13% 
23,578,142 
0.18% 
0.00 
6,779,675 
0.05% 
3,686,705 
0.03% 
2,617,697 
0.02% 
10,494,065 
0.08% 
04.2022 
12,909,804,067 
80,150,635 
0.62% 
46,876,519 
0.36% 
17,029,625 
0.13% 
22,590,728 
0.17% 
0.00 
6,359,558 
0.05% 
3,674,898 
0.03% 
2,449,653 
0.02% 
10,106,619 
0.08% 
05.2022 
12,975,807,523 
108,614,050 
0.84% 
42,698,097 
0.33% 
16,536,666 
0.13% 
22,532,626 
0.17% 
0.00 
6,882,752 
0.05% 
3,593,310 
0.03% 
1,898,565 
0.01% 
10,157,999 
0.08% 
06.2022 
13,061,571,691 
91,633,480 
0.70% 
46,367,485 
0.35% 
17,400,760 
0.13% 
20,542,329 
0.16% 
0.00 
5,836,787 
0.04% 
3,013,538 
0.02% 
1,975,416 
0.02% 
9,716,588 
0.07% 
07.2022 
13,129,175,988 
90,272,408 
0.69% 
38,091,729 
0.29% 
17,278,186 
0.13% 
21,522,785 
0.16% 
0.00 
6,921,311 
0.05% 
3,652,775 
0.03% 
1,736,450 
0.01% 
9,212,249 
0.07% 
08.2022 
13,169,065,372 
102,606,733 
0.78% 
44,768,157 
0.34% 
17,511,736 
0.13% 
21,456,677 
0.16% 
0.00 
6,789,936 
0.05% 
3,888,219 
0.03% 
2,177,057 
0.02% 
8,601,466 
0.07% 
09.2022 
13,346,821,027 
84,269,958 
0.63% 
47,792,433 
0.36% 
16,832,555 
0.13% 
23,317,621 
0.17% 
0.00 
8,160,440 
0.06% 
4,136,787 
0.03% 
2,505,881 
0.02% 
8,514,514 
0.06% 
10.2022 
13,408,770,267 
93,243,253 
0.70% 
37,437,251 
0.28% 
17,077,660 
0.13% 
26,294,145 
0.20% 
0.00 
9,111,352 
0.07% 
4,954,044 
0.04% 
3,002,996 
0.02% 
9,225,754 
0.07% 
11.2022 
13,421,558,550 
91,666,173 
0.68% 
45,242,073 
0.34% 
17,313,220 
0.13% 
27,622,414 
0.21% 
0.00 
8,915,577 
0.07% 
5,086,970 
0.04% 
3,653,841 
0.03% 
9,966,026 
0.07% 
12.2022 
13,417,079,006 
96,275,254 
0.72% 
45,238,510 
0.34% 
19,574,226 
0.15% 
30,597,047 
0.23% 
0.00 
8,962,170 
0.07% 
6,003,226 
0.04% 
4,000,990 
0.03% 
11,630,661 
0.09% 
01.2023 
13,490,133,498 
95,455,228 
0.71% 
49,228,319 
0.36% 
22,994,537 
0.17% 
35,114,740 
0.26% 
0.00 
10,940,120 
0.08% 
6,160,497 
0.05% 
4,722,652 
0.04% 
13,291,471 
0.10% 
02.2023 
13,485,687,147 
87,604,633 
0.65% 
55,358,555 
0.41% 
21,494,442 
0.16% 
36,719,041 
0.27% 
0.00 
11,164,200 
0.08% 
6,738,567 
0.05% 
4,341,946 
0.03% 
14,474,328 
0.11% 
03.2023 
13,650,192,545 
93,134,700 
0.68% 
48,752,536 
0.36% 
22,365,859 
0.16% 
37,716,696 
0.28% 
0.00 
9,715,449 
0.07% 
6,895,186 
0.05% 
4,809,949 
0.04% 
16,296,113 
0.12% 
04.2023 
13,763,389,732 
90,015,455 
0.65% 
54,396,141 
0.40% 
20,845,131 
0.15% 
42,866,649 
0.31% 
0.00 
12,325,256 
0.09% 
6,448,852 
0.05% 
5,907,532 
0.04% 
18,185,009 
0.13% 
05.2023 
13,853,923,915 
93,887,372 
0.68% 
44,794,035 
0.32% 
22,396,101 
0.16% 
46,864,809 
0.34% 
0.00 
13,190,006 
0.10% 
8,267,061 
0.06% 
5,107,933 
0.04% 
20,299,810 
0.15% 
06.2023 
14,019,397,316 
99,638,298 
0.71% 
51,404,465 
0.37% 
24,287,318 
0.17% 
46,924,068 
0.33% 
0.00 
11,587,705 
0.08% 
7,899,606 
0.06% 
6,584,992 
0.05% 
20,851,765 
0.15% 
 
 
New HP-PCP 
 
Calendar Year/Month 
Principal 
Outstanding 
Delinquent 
balance 1-30  
dpd (£) 
1-30 
dpd (%) 
Delinquent 
balance 31-60  
dpd (£) 
31-60 
dpd (%) 
Delinquent 
balance 61-90  
dpd (£) 
61-90 
dpd (%) 
Delinquent 
balance 91+  
dpd (£) 
91+ 
dpd (%) 
Delinquent 
balance 91-120  
dpd (£) 
91-120 
dpd (%) 
Delinquent 
balance 121-
150 
dpd (£) 
121-
150 
dpd (%) 
Delinquent 
balance 151-
180  
dpd (£) 
151-
180 
dpd (%) 
Delinquent 
balance 180+  
dpd (£) 
180+ 
dpd (%) 
06.2007 
748,365,327 
6,080,495 
0.81% 
3,585,872 
0.48% 
1,432,591 
0.19% 
2,073,580 
0.28% 
0.00 
623,124 
0.08% 
491,190 
0.07% 
205,733 
0.03% 
753,534 
0.10% 
07.2007 
756,407,123 
9,137,791 
1.21% 
3,790,485 
0.50% 
1,588,269 
0.21% 
2,110,112 
0.28% 
0.00 
783,433 
0.10% 
270,843 
0.04% 
287,177 
0.04% 
768,659 
0.10% 
08.2007 
754,003,161 
7,749,292 
1.03% 
3,996,286 
0.53% 
2,065,796 
0.27% 
2,403,220 
0.32% 
0.00 
1,029,302 
0.14% 
418,622 
0.06% 
141,543 
0.02% 
813,755 
0.11% 
09.2007 
794,426,919 
11,290,390 
1.42% 
3,409,312 
0.43% 
1,888,769 
0.24% 
2,327,392 
0.29% 
0.00 
967,692 
0.12% 
498,557 
0.06% 
194,429 
0.02% 
666,714 
0.08% 
10.2007 
802,887,852 
8,170,138 
1.02% 
3,390,287 
0.42% 
1,600,449 
0.20% 
2,398,828 
0.30% 
0.00 
946,235 
0.12% 
442,947 
0.06% 
325,276 
0.04% 
684,370 
0.09% 
11.2007 
804,765,842 
7,628,095 
0.95% 
3,856,095 
0.48% 
1,710,930 
0.21% 
2,170,466 
0.27% 
0.00 
757,566 
0.09% 
401,699 
0.05% 
232,573 
0.03% 
778,628 
0.10% 
12.2007 
806,455,634 
8,520,773 
1.06% 
3,659,856 
0.45% 
1,773,830 
0.22% 
2,687,333 
0.33% 
0.00 
1,080,306 
0.13% 
459,659 
0.06% 
300,535 
0.04% 
846,832 
0.11% 
01.2008 
814,353,403 
7,977,629 
0.98% 
3,752,745 
0.46% 
2,317,507 
0.28% 
2,676,274 
0.33% 
0.00 
1,044,748 
0.13% 
629,910 
0.08% 
242,049 
0.03% 
759,567 
0.09% 
02.2008 
810,144,734 
6,888,385 
0.85% 
4,093,872 
0.51% 
1,957,484 
0.24% 
2,672,598 
0.33% 
0.00 
1,109,935 
0.14% 
522,906 
0.06% 
332,426 
0.04% 
707,331 
0.09% 
03.2008 
876,785,346 
9,467,478 
1.08% 
4,412,755 
0.50% 
1,908,854 
0.22% 
2,594,935 
0.30% 
0.00 
849,688 
0.10% 
668,474 
0.08% 
401,241 
0.05% 
675,532 
0.08% 
04.2008 
902,415,549 
7,589,291 
0.84% 
4,441,501 
0.49% 
1,920,961 
0.21% 
2,586,304 
0.29% 
0.00 
985,498 
0.11% 
449,546 
0.05% 
389,119 
0.04% 
762,141 
0.08% 
05.2008 
924,593,801 
8,373,288 
0.91% 
3,178,536 
0.34% 
1,930,163 
0.21% 
3,094,424 
0.33% 
0.00 
1,369,911 
0.15% 
567,896 
0.06% 
306,641 
0.03% 
849,976 
0.09% 
06.2008 
945,399,193 
8,768,244 
0.93% 
3,976,144 
0.42% 
1,534,156 
0.16% 
2,982,929 
0.32% 
0.00 
901,805 
0.10% 
852,152 
0.09% 
400,692 
0.04% 
828,280 
0.09% 
07.2008 
958,736,166 
9,229,128 
0.96% 
3,887,090 
0.41% 
1,748,518 
0.18% 
2,510,722 
0.26% 
0.00 
683,074 
0.07% 
448,042 
0.05% 
530,748 
0.06% 
848,858 
0.09% 
08.2008 
962,155,191 
9,278,806 
0.96% 
4,531,053 
0.47% 
2,436,849 
0.25% 
2,650,290 
0.28% 
0.00 
1,058,266 
0.11% 
406,540 
0.04% 
330,405 
0.03% 
855,079 
0.09% 
09.2008 
1,014,490,890 
10,637,267 
1.05% 
5,411,254 
0.53% 
2,097,057 
0.21% 
3,079,209 
0.30% 
0.00 
1,291,268 
0.13% 
649,587 
0.06% 
248,205 
0.02% 
890,150 
0.09% 
10.2008 
1,026,750,236 
12,653,090 
1.23% 
5,812,112 
0.57% 
2,234,486 
0.22% 
3,091,902 
0.30% 
0.00 
1,217,873 
0.12% 
733,552 
0.07% 
334,093 
0.03% 
806,384 
0.08% 
11.2008 
1,026,753,098 
9,919,511 
0.97% 
6,413,315 
0.62% 
2,694,024 
0.26% 
3,221,072 
0.31% 
0.00 
1,099,079 
0.11% 
828,771 
0.08% 
409,626 
0.04% 
883,596 
0.09% 
12.2008 
1,025,085,252 
10,406,040 
1.02% 
5,312,588 
0.52% 
2,895,248 
0.28% 
4,004,233 
0.39% 
0.00 
1,738,732 
0.17% 
755,486 
0.07% 
617,450 
0.06% 
892,565 
0.09% 
01.2009 
1,025,042,343 
11,034,804 
1.08% 
6,588,252 
0.64% 
3,114,185 
0.30% 
4,693,493 
0.46% 
0.00 
1,777,329 
0.17% 
1,194,112 
0.12% 
724,093 
0.07% 
997,958 
0.10% 
02.2009 
1,017,848,657 
10,232,497 
1.01% 
7,364,412 
0.72% 
3,239,840 
0.32% 
4,816,167 
0.47% 
0.00 
1,680,004 
0.17% 
1,150,711 
0.11% 
780,468 
0.08% 
1,204,984 
0.12% 
03.2009 
1,072,892,938 
11,015,934 
1.03% 
5,292,919 
0.49% 
2,799,443 
0.26% 
4,803,992 
0.45% 
0.00 
1,605,953 
0.15% 
1,016,857 
0.09% 
738,562 
0.07% 
1,442,620 
0.13% 
04.2009 
1,091,064,566 
11,648,578 
1.07% 
5,362,613 
0.49% 
2,466,691 
0.23% 
4,922,462 
0.45% 
0.00 
1,328,897 
0.12% 
1,047,155 
0.10% 
810,876 
0.07% 
1,735,534 
0.16% 
05.2009 
1,101,707,710 
12,771,597 
1.16% 
4,782,163 
0.43% 
2,322,225 
0.21% 
4,826,363 
0.44% 
0.00 
1,381,359 
0.13% 
925,036 
0.08% 
691,589 
0.06% 
1,828,379 
0.17% 
06.2009 
1,115,698,781 
12,227,981 
1.10% 
4,620,519 
0.41% 
2,248,227 
0.20% 
4,498,790 
0.40% 
0.00 
1,316,804 
0.12% 
895,064 
0.08% 
518,097 
0.05% 
1,768,825 
0.16% 
07.2009 
1,126,950,150 
16,359,071 
1.45% 
4,119,829 
0.37% 
2,093,574 
0.19% 
4,214,621 
0.37% 
0.00 
909,267 
0.08% 
854,105 
0.08% 
582,741 
0.05% 
1,868,509 
0.17% 
08.2009 
1,135,159,625 
10,782,648 
0.95% 
8,435,139 
0.74% 
2,258,475 
0.20% 
4,034,718 
0.36% 
0.00 
1,313,433 
0.12% 
760,771 
0.07% 
404,221 
0.04% 
1,556,293 
0.14% 
09.2009 
1,189,388,147 
14,490,596 
1.22% 
6,577,727 
0.55% 
3,906,555 
0.33% 
4,023,611 
0.34% 
0.00 
1,289,438 
0.11% 
724,426 
0.06% 
615,161 
0.05% 
1,394,585 
0.12% 
10.2009 
1,209,559,164 
13,015,443 
1.08% 
5,752,719 
0.48% 
3,673,430 
0.30% 
5,418,039 
0.45% 
0.00 
2,888,582 
0.24% 
619,135 
0.05% 
503,650 
0.04% 
1,406,672 
0.12% 
11.2009 
1,219,171,117 
11,845,414 
0.97% 
5,279,119 
0.43% 
3,294,416 
0.27% 
5,716,351 
0.47% 
0.00 
2,303,879 
0.19% 
1,771,645 
0.15% 
385,529 
0.03% 
1,255,299 
0.10% 
12.2009 
1,243,616,151 
14,170,470 
1.14% 
5,206,948 
0.42% 
1,774,533 
0.14% 
3,539,874 
0.28% 
0.00 
1,148,806 
0.09% 
713,401 
0.06% 
356,942 
0.03% 
1,320,726 
0.11% 
01.2010 
1,250,493,484 
13,754,779 
1.10% 
6,081,040 
0.49% 
2,637,898 
0.21% 
3,141,122 
0.25% 
0.00 
1,056,601 
0.08% 
556,870 
0.04% 
394,363 
0.03% 
1,133,288 
0.09% 
02.2010 
1,247,504,114 
13,446,735 
1.08% 
6,178,938 
0.50% 
2,106,610 
0.17% 
2,839,914 
0.23% 
0.00 
1,009,127 
0.08% 
491,529 
0.04% 
295,082 
0.02% 
1,044,177 
0.08% 
03.2010 
1,330,475,772 
15,314,988 
1.15% 
6,170,263 
0.46% 
1,725,131 
0.13% 
2,970,715 
0.22% 
0.00 
901,087 
0.07% 
701,842 
0.05% 
331,737 
0.02% 
1,036,048 
0.08% 
04.2010 
1,364,784,528 
15,717,889 
1.15% 
5,798,143 
0.42% 
2,938,700 
0.22% 
3,063,237 
0.22% 
0.00 
871,176 
0.06% 
537,518 
0.04% 
544,598 
0.04% 
1,109,944 
0.08% 
05.2010 
1,397,714,657 
12,636,794 
0.90% 
4,836,659 
0.35% 
2,637,128 
0.19% 
3,753,282 
0.27% 
0.00 
1,644,819 
0.12% 
419,958 
0.03% 
372,865 
0.03% 
1,315,640 
0.09% 
06.2010 
1,422,450,494 
12,912,368 
0.91% 
4,460,853 
0.31% 
2,444,334 
0.17% 
3,741,008 
0.26% 
0.00 
1,305,763 
0.09% 
795,152 
0.06% 
313,261 
0.02% 
1,326,832 
0.09% 
07.2010 
1,431,824,462 
14,030,277 
0.98% 
4,566,372 
0.32% 
1,968,778 
0.14% 
3,766,877 
0.26% 
0.00 
1,325,985 
0.09% 
576,203 
0.04% 
476,769 
0.03% 
1,387,920 
0.10% 
08.2010 
1,430,193,308 
11,617,833 
0.81% 
5,260,734 
0.37% 
2,159,259 
0.15% 
3,645,662 
0.25% 
0.00 
1,030,720 
0.07% 
742,444 
0.05% 
400,060 
0.03% 
1,472,437 
0.10% 
09.2010 
1,505,603,978 
13,346,429 
0.89% 
4,880,488 
0.32% 
1,889,930 
0.13% 
3,670,781 
0.24% 
0.00 
1,008,456 
0.07% 
589,686 
0.04% 
533,755 
0.04% 
1,538,884 
0.10% 
10.2010 
1,533,565,792 
13,847,382 
0.90% 
4,376,630 
0.29% 
2,124,134 
0.14% 
3,815,862 
0.25% 
0.00 
1,022,402 
0.07% 
669,795 
0.04% 
367,285 
0.02% 
1,756,380 
0.11% 
11.2010 
1,559,640,829 
13,701,833 
0.88% 
4,215,109 
0.27% 
1,921,856 
0.12% 
3,727,261 
0.24% 
0.00 
933,168 
0.06% 
666,152 
0.04% 
453,633 
0.03% 
1,674,309 
0.11% 
12.2010 
1,580,467,466 
14,593,875 
0.92% 
4,875,928 
0.31% 
1,955,559 
0.12% 
3,890,531 
0.25% 
0.00 
1,119,518 
0.07% 
620,836 
0.04% 
482,068 
0.03% 
1,668,108 
0.11% 
01.2011 
1,587,315,112 
12,704,421 
0.80% 
5,700,676 
0.36% 
2,681,419 
0.17% 
4,126,786 
0.26% 
0.00 
1,170,292 
0.07% 
725,696 
0.05% 
446,867 
0.03% 
1,783,930 
0.11% 
02.2011 
1,580,702,410 
12,020,734 
0.76% 
5,205,831 
0.33% 
2,628,522 
0.17% 
4,007,217 
0.25% 
0.00 
1,196,966 
0.08% 
622,362 
0.04% 
527,895 
0.03% 
1,659,995 
0.11%

--- Page 160 ---
- 149 - 
 
 
 
Calendar Year/Month 
Principal 
Outstanding 
Delinquent 
balance 1-30  
dpd (£) 
1-30 
dpd (%) 
Delinquent 
balance 31-60  
dpd (£) 
31-60 
dpd (%) 
Delinquent 
balance 61-90  
dpd (£) 
61-90 
dpd (%) 
Delinquent 
balance 91+  
dpd (£) 
91+ 
dpd (%) 
Delinquent 
balance 91-120  
dpd (£) 
91-120 
dpd (%) 
Delinquent 
balance 121-
150 
dpd (£) 
121-
150 
dpd (%) 
Delinquent 
balance 151-
180  
dpd (£) 
151-
180 
dpd (%) 
Delinquent 
balance 180+  
dpd (£) 
180+ 
dpd (%) 
03.2011 
1,695,153,754 
17,963,633 
1.06% 
5,728,976 
0.34% 
2,103,058 
0.12% 
3,258,246 
0.19% 
0.00 
931,273 
0.05% 
429,515 
0.03% 
367,781 
0.02% 
1,529,676 
0.09% 
04.2011 
1,731,685,553 
14,829,982 
0.86% 
5,743,306 
0.33% 
2,660,324 
0.15% 
3,586,816 
0.21% 
0.00 
976,531 
0.06% 
678,606 
0.04% 
341,246 
0.02% 
1,590,434 
0.09% 
05.2011 
1,777,377,179 
14,820,750 
0.83% 
4,929,717 
0.28% 
2,407,808 
0.14% 
4,047,045 
0.23% 
0.00 
1,579,617 
0.09% 
445,644 
0.03% 
566,095 
0.03% 
1,455,689 
0.08% 
06.2011 
1,819,684,715 
15,584,387 
0.86% 
4,940,443 
0.27% 
2,348,318 
0.13% 
3,691,476 
0.20% 
0.00 
1,298,576 
0.07% 
763,727 
0.04% 
313,389 
0.02% 
1,315,783 
0.07% 
07.2011 
1,846,249,047 
16,413,558 
0.89% 
4,992,053 
0.27% 
2,018,028 
0.11% 
4,430,404 
0.24% 
0.00 
1,465,925 
0.08% 
971,576 
0.05% 
593,530 
0.03% 
1,399,372 
0.08% 
08.2011 
1,858,516,704 
16,101,652 
0.87% 
5,049,916 
0.27% 
2,154,391 
0.12% 
3,986,737 
0.21% 
0.00 
1,006,499 
0.05% 
819,332 
0.04% 
676,979 
0.04% 
1,483,927 
0.08% 
09.2011 
1,952,685,987 
15,873,913 
0.81% 
4,951,966 
0.25% 
2,076,062 
0.11% 
3,719,596 
0.19% 
0.00 
1,125,826 
0.06% 
656,940 
0.03% 
419,113 
0.02% 
1,517,717 
0.08% 
10.2011 
1,978,165,997 
16,131,343 
0.82% 
4,296,431 
0.22% 
2,377,268 
0.12% 
3,651,995 
0.18% 
0.00 
1,123,411 
0.06% 
703,292 
0.04% 
406,497 
0.02% 
1,418,795 
0.07% 
11.2011 
2,003,580,309 
15,578,787 
0.78% 
5,191,007 
0.26% 
2,221,016 
0.11% 
3,461,566 
0.17% 
0.00 
1,197,113 
0.06% 
702,301 
0.04% 
347,221 
0.02% 
1,214,932 
0.06% 
12.2011 
2,026,608,897 
17,417,195 
0.86% 
5,048,161 
0.25% 
2,165,208 
0.11% 
3,713,760 
0.18% 
0.00 
1,233,908 
0.06% 
757,967 
0.04% 
471,643 
0.02% 
1,250,242 
0.06% 
01.2012 
2,045,823,751 
17,765,509 
0.87% 
5,795,218 
0.28% 
2,303,083 
0.11% 
3,788,318 
0.19% 
0.00 
1,259,513 
0.06% 
779,297 
0.04% 
500,614 
0.02% 
1,248,893 
0.06% 
02.2012 
2,047,245,439 
15,939,885 
0.78% 
5,483,348 
0.27% 
1,747,476 
0.09% 
3,319,548 
0.16% 
0.00 
1,055,327 
0.05% 
587,052 
0.03% 
336,939 
0.02% 
1,340,230 
0.07% 
03.2012 
2,217,662,209 
18,951,730 
0.85% 
5,680,983 
0.26% 
1,766,749 
0.08% 
2,971,679 
0.13% 
0.00 
968,164 
0.04% 
516,548 
0.02% 
393,260 
0.02% 
1,093,706 
0.05% 
04.2012 
2,277,172,875 
17,012,665 
0.75% 
6,435,129 
0.28% 
2,411,398 
0.11% 
2,837,617 
0.12% 
0.00 
951,447 
0.04% 
540,824 
0.02% 
345,512 
0.02% 
999,834 
0.04% 
05.2012 
2,351,102,833 
27,131,544 
1.15% 
6,638,700 
0.28% 
2,535,310 
0.11% 
3,242,233 
0.14% 
0.00 
1,513,493 
0.06% 
501,580 
0.02% 
240,176 
0.01% 
986,984 
0.04% 
06.2012 
2,416,376,188 
26,700,144 
1.10% 
6,696,332 
0.28% 
2,627,986 
0.11% 
3,391,218 
0.14% 
0.00 
1,406,009 
0.06% 
772,187 
0.03% 
315,554 
0.01% 
897,468 
0.04% 
07.2012 
2,465,436,415 
23,555,353 
0.96% 
6,223,962 
0.25% 
2,307,952 
0.09% 
3,429,066 
0.14% 
0.00 
1,381,005 
0.06% 
735,549 
0.03% 
502,100 
0.02% 
810,412 
0.03% 
08.2012 
2,492,480,533 
22,675,357 
0.91% 
6,675,746 
0.27% 
2,490,595 
0.10% 
3,396,358 
0.14% 
0.00 
1,278,627 
0.05% 
725,938 
0.03% 
476,196 
0.02% 
915,597 
0.04% 
09.2012 
2,655,808,790 
23,332,742 
0.88% 
7,742,247 
0.29% 
2,807,002 
0.11% 
3,491,254 
0.13% 
0.00 
1,279,428 
0.05% 
733,496 
0.03% 
492,197 
0.02% 
986,134 
0.04% 
10.2012 
2,706,616,739 
22,821,991 
0.84% 
6,432,326 
0.24% 
2,484,233 
0.09% 
3,097,569 
0.11% 
0.00 
1,212,617 
0.04% 
688,346 
0.03% 
366,350 
0.01% 
830,256 
0.03% 
11.2012 
2,748,330,438 
25,360,289 
0.92% 
6,519,864 
0.24% 
2,781,619 
0.10% 
2,731,013 
0.10% 
0.00 
949,423 
0.03% 
479,866 
0.02% 
366,913 
0.01% 
934,811 
0.03% 
12.2012 
2,762,953,770 
22,648,241 
0.82% 
7,761,444 
0.28% 
3,193,181 
0.12% 
3,450,599 
0.12% 
0.00 
1,346,832 
0.05% 
750,675 
0.03% 
310,622 
0.01% 
1,042,471 
0.04% 
01.2013 
2,777,734,542 
22,657,200 
0.82% 
8,407,052 
0.30% 
4,337,754 
0.16% 
3,795,915 
0.14% 
0.00 
1,561,761 
0.06% 
819,126 
0.03% 
344,080 
0.01% 
1,070,949 
0.04% 
02.2013 
2,784,254,370 
20,306,953 
0.73% 
8,509,151 
0.31% 
3,677,336 
0.13% 
4,366,250 
0.16% 
0.00 
2,021,342 
0.07% 
825,107 
0.03% 
413,680 
0.01% 
1,106,121 
0.04% 
03.2013 
2,981,648,364 
114,722,537 
3.85% 
8,905,611 
0.30% 
3,410,266 
0.11% 
4,990,818 
0.17% 
0.00 
2,035,688 
0.07% 
1,203,429 
0.04% 
452,305 
0.02% 
1,299,396 
0.04% 
04.2013 
3,044,411,149 
25,143,283 
0.83% 
9,095,126 
0.30% 
4,170,601 
0.14% 
4,862,526 
0.16% 
0.00 
1,558,267 
0.05% 
1,137,379 
0.04% 
833,014 
0.03% 
1,333,867 
0.04% 
05.2013 
3,108,095,011 
25,086,195 
0.81% 
8,185,253 
0.26% 
3,895,469 
0.13% 
5,553,021 
0.18% 
0.00 
2,384,191 
0.08% 
997,975 
0.03% 
750,536 
0.02% 
1,420,319 
0.05% 
06.2013 
3,193,576,590 
25,503,055 
0.80% 
9,379,113 
0.29% 
4,341,356 
0.14% 
5,265,864 
0.16% 
0.00 
2,009,660 
0.06% 
1,215,083 
0.04% 
571,655 
0.02% 
1,469,467 
0.05% 
07.2013 
3,253,363,560 
38,300,502 
1.18% 
11,390,236 
0.35% 
4,344,388 
0.13% 
5,675,963 
0.17% 
0.00 
2,143,264 
0.07% 
1,236,914 
0.04% 
652,519 
0.02% 
1,643,266 
0.05% 
08.2013 
3,314,425,294 
24,989,729 
0.75% 
12,610,322 
0.38% 
5,308,730 
0.16% 
6,373,786 
0.19% 
0.00 
2,182,015 
0.07% 
1,505,321 
0.05% 
744,691 
0.02% 
1,941,759 
0.06% 
09.2013 
3,538,486,993 
25,236,262 
0.71% 
11,490,439 
0.32% 
4,630,365 
0.13% 
6,953,192 
0.20% 
0.00 
2,723,565 
0.08% 
1,382,927 
0.04% 
1,014,239 
0.03% 
1,832,461 
0.05% 
10.2013 
3,611,678,110 
27,913,833 
0.77% 
9,367,476 
0.26% 
4,163,487 
0.12% 
6,567,103 
0.18% 
0.00 
2,394,680 
0.07% 
1,376,717 
0.04% 
761,484 
0.02% 
2,034,223 
0.06% 
11.2013 
3,681,415,551 
24,118,676 
0.66% 
9,859,336 
0.27% 
4,901,356 
0.13% 
6,966,061 
0.19% 
0.00 
2,163,079 
0.06% 
1,566,129 
0.04% 
1,153,484 
0.03% 
2,083,368 
0.06% 
12.2013 
3,736,555,603 
27,719,315 
0.74% 
9,009,786 
0.24% 
4,457,351 
0.12% 
7,797,923 
0.21% 
0.00 
2,934,085 
0.08% 
1,553,046 
0.04% 
1,016,508 
0.03% 
2,294,284 
0.06% 
01.2014 
3,783,220,041 
24,560,823 
0.65% 
9,835,282 
0.26% 
5,009,016 
0.13% 
8,170,157 
0.22% 
0.00 
2,659,044 
0.07% 
2,070,213 
0.05% 
1,076,543 
0.03% 
2,364,357 
0.06% 
02.2014 
3,835,249,802 
21,413,643 
0.56% 
9,049,810 
0.24% 
4,585,399 
0.12% 
7,384,308 
0.19% 
0.00 
2,202,263 
0.06% 
1,583,145 
0.04% 
1,043,840 
0.03% 
2,555,060 
0.07% 
03.2014 
4,107,526,343 
26,187,569 
0.64% 
8,211,190 
0.20% 
4,425,949 
0.11% 
6,504,289 
0.16% 
0.00 
1,659,957 
0.04% 
1,405,220 
0.03% 
950,262 
0.02% 
2,488,850 
0.06% 
04.2014 
4,182,987,114 
28,835,091 
0.69% 
9,739,435 
0.23% 
3,992,251 
0.10% 
7,388,664 
0.18% 
0.00 
2,427,912 
0.06% 
1,191,543 
0.03% 
1,124,469 
0.03% 
2,644,740 
0.06% 
05.2014 
4,277,840,875 
26,541,171 
0.62% 
8,280,200 
0.19% 
4,425,612 
0.10% 
7,212,747 
0.17% 
0.00 
2,193,489 
0.05% 
1,439,773 
0.03% 
912,523 
0.02% 
2,666,962 
0.06% 
06.2014 
4,364,574,022 
24,533,176 
0.56% 
9,006,382 
0.21% 
4,358,975 
0.10% 
7,565,449 
0.17% 
0.00 
2,413,095 
0.06% 
1,393,615 
0.03% 
1,117,054 
0.03% 
2,641,686 
0.06% 
07.2014 
4,428,743,259 
27,432,374 
0.62% 
7,829,662 
0.18% 
4,164,013 
0.09% 
7,136,773 
0.16% 
0.00 
2,187,560 
0.05% 
1,523,413 
0.03% 
846,572 
0.02% 
2,579,228 
0.06% 
08.2014 
4,474,306,322 
24,074,433 
0.54% 
9,735,893 
0.22% 
4,541,914 
0.10% 
8,426,430 
0.19% 
0.00 
3,169,345 
0.07% 
1,553,614 
0.03% 
1,001,665 
0.02% 
2,701,806 
0.06% 
09.2014 
4,716,871,052 
27,234,055 
0.58% 
9,727,582 
0.21% 
4,633,941 
0.10% 
8,431,906 
0.18% 
0.00 
2,779,007 
0.06% 
2,131,338 
0.05% 
856,123 
0.02% 
2,665,438 
0.06% 
10.2014 
4,790,049,441 
30,225,273 
0.63% 
8,669,945 
0.18% 
4,672,049 
0.10% 
8,634,706 
0.18% 
0.00 
2,574,535 
0.05% 
2,126,804 
0.04% 
1,400,495 
0.03% 
2,532,872 
0.05% 
11.2014 
4,846,657,904 
23,052,455 
0.48% 
10,015,301 
0.21% 
5,137,797 
0.11% 
8,853,873 
0.18% 
0.00 
3,168,784 
0.07% 
1,711,086 
0.04% 
1,223,665 
0.03% 
2,750,339 
0.06% 
12.2014 
4,884,663,108 
28,586,358 
0.59% 
9,013,185 
0.18% 
4,726,115 
0.10% 
8,854,002 
0.18% 
0.00 
3,345,358 
0.07% 
1,892,349 
0.04% 
777,492 
0.02% 
2,838,804 
0.06% 
01.2015 
4,911,870,943 
26,106,775 
0.53% 
12,413,825 
0.25% 
5,369,373 
0.11% 
9,204,377 
0.19% 
0.00 
2,991,776 
0.06% 
2,310,721 
0.05% 
1,116,330 
0.02% 
2,785,550 
0.06% 
02.2015 
4,931,923,686 
24,418,721 
0.50% 
11,637,110 
0.24% 
5,270,016 
0.11% 
8,589,895 
0.17% 
0.00 
2,839,804 
0.06% 
1,608,465 
0.03% 
1,246,051 
0.03% 
2,895,575 
0.06% 
03.2015 
5,201,714,772 
31,761,786 
0.61% 
11,146,456 
0.21% 
4,943,721 
0.10% 
8,778,213 
0.17% 
0.00 
3,316,744 
0.06% 
1,853,608 
0.04% 
945,788 
0.02% 
2,662,073 
0.05% 
04.2015 
5,273,269,843 
20,255,148 
0.38% 
10,466,805 
0.20% 
4,712,035 
0.09% 
8,472,236 
0.16% 
0.00 
2,882,394 
0.05% 
1,995,240 
0.04% 
1,108,499 
0.02% 
2,486,103 
0.05% 
05.2015 
5,354,566,742 
28,776,123 
0.54% 
9,619,910 
0.18% 
4,994,029 
0.09% 
10,041,175 
0.19% 
0.00 
4,079,614 
0.08% 
1,769,726 
0.03% 
1,509,054 
0.03% 
2,682,780 
0.05% 
06.2015 
5,463,167,266 
42,451,567 
0.78% 
11,265,199 
0.21% 
5,296,085 
0.10% 
9,327,716 
0.17% 
0.00 
3,095,100 
0.06% 
2,425,584 
0.04% 
1,044,819 
0.02% 
2,762,213 
0.05% 
07.2015 
5,552,783,105 
38,398,277 
0.69% 
9,830,260 
0.18% 
5,881,386 
0.11% 
9,904,149 
0.18% 
0.00 
3,686,496 
0.07% 
2,156,658 
0.04% 
1,448,768 
0.03% 
2,612,227 
0.05% 
08.2015 
5,613,855,460 
25,942,485 
0.46% 
13,106,438 
0.23% 
5,216,487 
0.09% 
11,551,561 
0.21% 
0.00 
4,037,405 
0.07% 
2,912,899 
0.05% 
1,540,544 
0.03% 
3,060,713 
0.05% 
09.2015 
5,925,464,239 
29,304,095 
0.49% 
12,586,574 
0.21% 
5,549,951 
0.09% 
11,971,598 
0.20% 
0.00 
3,886,131 
0.07% 
2,940,586 
0.05% 
2,022,218 
0.03% 
3,122,663 
0.05% 
10.2015 
6,009,473,209 
29,669,239 
0.49% 
10,511,148 
0.17% 
4,850,970 
0.08% 
13,346,254 
0.22% 
0.00 
4,137,126 
0.07% 
2,760,240 
0.05% 
2,344,499 
0.04% 
4,104,389 
0.07% 
11.2015 
5,950,341,742 
26,566,073 
0.45% 
12,007,164 
0.20% 
5,503,824 
0.09% 
13,152,982 
0.22% 
0.00 
3,506,572 
0.06% 
3,000,525 
0.05% 
2,303,647 
0.04% 
4,342,238 
0.07% 
12.2015 
6,121,998,193 
31,487,132 
0.51% 
10,077,882 
0.16% 
5,067,323 
0.08% 
13,886,882 
0.23% 
0.00 
4,103,327 
0.07% 
2,935,945 
0.05% 
1,912,998 
0.03% 
4,934,611 
0.08% 
01.2016 
6,172,505,633 
28,572,886 
0.46% 
12,898,104 
0.21% 
5,960,148 
0.10% 
13,018,302 
0.21% 
0.00 
3,546,839 
0.06% 
3,154,935 
0.05% 
1,918,420 
0.03% 
4,398,109 
0.07% 
02.2016 
6,218,962,985 
29,363,298 
0.47% 
12,621,307 
0.20% 
6,014,338 
0.10% 
13,245,521 
0.21% 
0.00 
4,202,070 
0.07% 
2,280,987 
0.04% 
2,323,087 
0.04% 
4,439,378 
0.07% 
03.2016 
6,621,460,578 
38,090,972 
0.58% 
12,341,477 
0.19% 
5,096,217 
0.08% 
11,814,536 
0.18% 
0.00 
3,847,125 
0.06% 
2,172,576 
0.03% 
1,398,965 
0.02% 
4,395,870 
0.07% 
04.2016 
6,717,430,144 
31,653,890 
0.47% 
14,090,601 
0.21% 
5,520,610 
0.08% 
10,898,720 
0.16% 
0.00 
3,538,451 
0.05% 
2,369,185 
0.04% 
1,236,390 
0.02% 
3,754,694 
0.06% 
05.2016 
6,798,922,699 
33,238,923 
0.49% 
10,507,920 
0.15% 
6,569,293 
0.10% 
10,736,447 
0.16% 
0.00 
3,611,552 
0.05% 
2,153,596 
0.03% 
1,618,836 
0.02% 
3,352,464 
0.05% 
06.2016 
6,881,263,650 
35,710,898 
0.52% 
12,939,462 
0.19% 
5,483,228 
0.08% 
8,026,600 
0.12% 
0.00 
3,180,879 
0.05% 
1,416,803 
0.02% 
810,219 
0.01% 
2,618,699 
0.04% 
07.2016 
6,932,410,827 
36,472,661 
0.53% 
11,671,051 
0.17% 
4,917,484 
0.07% 
8,377,132 
0.12% 
0.00 
2,821,716 
0.04% 
1,895,166 
0.03% 
910,812 
0.01% 
2,749,439 
0.04% 
08.2016 
6,948,686,607 
38,971,586 
0.56% 
15,550,242 
0.22% 
6,032,603 
0.09% 
8,954,344 
0.13% 
0.00 
3,195,196 
0.05% 
1,654,194 
0.02% 
1,179,825 
0.02% 
2,925,129 
0.04% 
09.2016 
7,252,339,358 
37,416,447 
0.52% 
17,617,890 
0.24% 
5,804,273 
0.08% 
7,913,580 
0.11% 
0.00 
2,767,704 
0.04% 
1,427,121 
0.02% 
770,798 
0.01% 
2,947,958 
0.04% 
10.2016 
7,310,724,307 
39,971,562 
0.55% 
15,178,484 
0.21% 
5,885,260 
0.08% 
8,846,785 
0.12% 
0.00 
3,644,897 
0.05% 
1,447,925 
0.02% 
995,006 
0.01% 
2,758,957 
0.04% 
11.2016 
7,373,059,133 
36,401,671 
0.49% 
16,800,950 
0.23% 
7,044,648 
0.10% 
8,585,808 
0.12% 
0.00 
3,231,422 
0.04% 
1,734,120 
0.02% 
969,263 
0.01% 
2,651,003 
0.04% 
12.2016 
7,413,413,761 
36,183,078 
0.49% 
14,180,773 
0.19% 
7,042,415 
0.09% 
10,261,037 
0.14% 
0.00 
4,252,826 
0.06% 
1,969,126 
0.03% 
1,249,223 
0.02% 
2,789,861 
0.04% 
01.2017 
7,442,069,737 
44,398,074 
0.60% 
17,190,460 
0.23% 
6,604,717 
0.09% 
11,219,423 
0.15% 
0.00 
4,456,090 
0.06% 
2,501,405 
0.03% 
1,225,100 
0.02% 
3,036,827 
0.04% 
02.2017 
7,439,066,555 
38,124,000 
0.51% 
18,454,303 
0.25% 
6,723,165 
0.09% 
9,881,060 
0.13% 
0.00 
3,541,146 
0.05% 
2,031,640 
0.03% 
1,321,126 
0.02% 
2,987,148 
0.04% 
03.2017 
7,780,395,898 
46,992,181 
0.60% 
17,482,299 
0.22% 
6,415,773 
0.08% 
9,333,635 
0.12% 
0.00 
3,011,468 
0.04% 
1,970,066 
0.03% 
1,070,272 
0.01% 
3,281,829 
0.04% 
04.2017 
7,781,800,630 
35,803,859 
0.46% 
21,108,193 
0.27% 
7,276,511 
0.09% 
10,508,895 
0.14% 
0.00 
3,536,287 
0.05% 
2,031,831 
0.03% 
1,484,444 
0.02% 
3,456,334 
0.04%

--- Page 161 ---
- 150 - 
 
 
 
Calendar Year/Month 
Principal 
Outstanding 
Delinquent 
balance 1-30  
dpd (£) 
1-30 
dpd (%) 
Delinquent 
balance 31-60  
dpd (£) 
31-60 
dpd (%) 
Delinquent 
balance 61-90  
dpd (£) 
61-90 
dpd (%) 
Delinquent 
balance 91+  
dpd (£) 
91+ 
dpd (%) 
Delinquent 
balance 91-120  
dpd (£) 
91-120 
dpd (%) 
Delinquent 
balance 121-
150 
dpd (£) 
121-
150 
dpd (%) 
Delinquent 
balance 151-
180  
dpd (£) 
151-
180 
dpd (%) 
Delinquent 
balance 180+  
dpd (£) 
180+ 
dpd (%) 
05.2017 
7,829,487,002 
47,733,943 
0.61% 
17,684,972 
0.23% 
7,348,361 
0.09% 
12,705,650 
0.16% 
0.00 
4,962,235 
0.06% 
2,398,279 
0.03% 
1,413,670 
0.02% 
3,931,466 
0.05% 
06.2017 
7,912,409,130 
41,515,779 
0.52% 
19,100,075 
0.24% 
7,597,920 
0.10% 
11,987,611 
0.15% 
0.00 
4,201,716 
0.05% 
2,572,431 
0.03% 
1,355,221 
0.02% 
3,858,244 
0.05% 
07.2017 
7,946,750,425 
44,342,898 
0.56% 
17,663,140 
0.22% 
8,177,919 
0.10% 
11,637,162 
0.15% 
0.00 
4,540,159 
0.06% 
1,753,740 
0.02% 
1,544,641 
0.02% 
3,798,623 
0.05% 
08.2017 
7,946,975,311 
40,466,636 
0.51% 
19,694,805 
0.25% 
8,680,030 
0.11% 
10,575,834 
0.13% 
0.00 
4,015,296 
0.05% 
1,952,491 
0.02% 
994,502 
0.01% 
3,613,545 
0.05% 
09.2017 
8,223,240,332 
42,454,772 
0.52% 
22,027,490 
0.27% 
7,809,473 
0.09% 
10,513,755 
0.13% 
0.00 
3,902,575 
0.05% 
1,854,514 
0.02% 
1,248,441 
0.02% 
3,508,226 
0.04% 
10.2017 
8,239,398,576 
60,881,241 
0.74% 
20,527,728 
0.25% 
8,237,814 
0.10% 
10,158,742 
0.12% 
0.00 
3,707,109 
0.04% 
2,166,179 
0.03% 
907,636 
0.01% 
3,377,819 
0.04% 
11.2017 
8,266,497,404 
52,369,473 
0.63% 
24,378,259 
0.29% 
9,221,801 
0.11% 
11,017,239 
0.13% 
0.00 
3,929,212 
0.05% 
2,214,148 
0.03% 
1,552,777 
0.02% 
3,321,102 
0.04% 
12.2017 
8,256,389,515 
49,666,837 
0.60% 
23,458,516 
0.28% 
9,507,805 
0.12% 
13,194,300 
0.16% 
0.00 
4,834,576 
0.06% 
2,690,329 
0.03% 
1,600,787 
0.02% 
4,068,609 
0.05% 
01.2018 
8,243,453,285 
55,314,446 
0.67% 
28,076,346 
0.34% 
10,622,285 
0.13% 
12,454,056 
0.15% 
0.00 
4,544,481 
0.06% 
2,710,080 
0.03% 
1,258,512 
0.02% 
3,940,984 
0.05% 
02.2018 
8,211,904,101 
44,055,239 
0.54% 
31,507,488 
0.38% 
10,471,857 
0.13% 
13,510,521 
0.16% 
0.00 
4,630,466 
0.06% 
2,979,548 
0.04% 
1,753,928 
0.02% 
4,146,579 
0.05% 
03.2018 
8,521,736,006 
50,906,939 
0.60% 
28,465,548 
0.33% 
10,408,058 
0.12% 
14,252,658 
0.17% 
0.00 
4,679,599 
0.05% 
2,879,819 
0.03% 
2,082,609 
0.02% 
4,610,631 
0.05% 
04.2018 
8,533,533,186 
52,917,478 
0.62% 
30,335,862 
0.36% 
9,654,236 
0.11% 
12,979,043 
0.15% 
0.00 
3,748,279 
0.04% 
2,422,082 
0.03% 
1,763,087 
0.02% 
5,045,595 
0.06% 
05.2018 
8,568,902,422 
59,116,727 
0.69% 
26,837,974 
0.31% 
9,684,465 
0.11% 
13,797,343 
0.16% 
0.00 
4,283,031 
0.05% 
2,259,148 
0.03% 
1,782,943 
0.02% 
5,472,221 
0.06% 
06.2018 
8,653,901,638 
48,416,734 
0.56% 
30,652,440 
0.35% 
9,899,353 
0.11% 
13,550,893 
0.16% 
0.00 
4,093,792 
0.05% 
2,687,168 
0.03% 
1,358,784 
0.02% 
5,411,149 
0.06% 
07.2018 
8,659,190,882 
66,103,303 
0.76% 
27,336,234 
0.32% 
10,483,434 
0.12% 
14,241,632 
0.16% 
0.00 
4,629,480 
0.05% 
2,766,815 
0.03% 
1,771,149 
0.02% 
5,074,187 
0.06% 
08.2018 
8,567,034,303 
59,852,797 
0.70% 
29,470,897 
0.34% 
10,780,378 
0.13% 
13,630,473 
0.16% 
0.00 
4,610,293 
0.05% 
2,348,474 
0.03% 
1,604,970 
0.02% 
5,066,735 
0.06% 
09.2018 
8,571,963,762 
47,691,061 
0.56% 
31,677,311 
0.37% 
9,067,167 
0.11% 
11,535,460 
0.13% 
0.00 
3,355,181 
0.04% 
1,642,043 
0.02% 
1,235,951 
0.01% 
5,302,284 
0.06% 
10.2018 
8,498,615,971 
60,446,456 
0.71% 
29,066,331 
0.34% 
8,719,861 
0.10% 
11,205,949 
0.13% 
0.00 
2,967,440 
0.03% 
1,626,068 
0.02% 
1,105,723 
0.01% 
5,506,718 
0.06% 
11.2018 
8,470,815,758 
49,024,152 
0.58% 
36,640,164 
0.43% 
10,986,339 
0.13% 
11,996,383 
0.14% 
0.00 
3,625,151 
0.04% 
1,442,371 
0.02% 
1,187,775 
0.01% 
5,741,087 
0.07% 
12.2018 
8,433,157,863 
51,518,120 
0.61% 
27,641,662 
0.33% 
10,372,181 
0.12% 
12,774,901 
0.15% 
0.00 
4,321,806 
0.05% 
1,545,327 
0.02% 
1,017,340 
0.01% 
5,890,429 
0.07% 
01.2019 
8,423,585,951 
54,462,036 
0.65% 
32,122,719 
0.38% 
10,828,896 
0.13% 
12,840,659 
0.15% 
0.00 
4,515,941 
0.05% 
1,715,594 
0.02% 
1,003,728 
0.01% 
5,605,396 
0.07% 
02.2019 
8,388,925,880 
45,691,815 
0.54% 
31,940,559 
0.38% 
10,643,781 
0.13% 
12,624,563 
0.15% 
0.00 
3,918,823 
0.05% 
1,897,145 
0.02% 
1,448,793 
0.02% 
5,359,803 
0.06% 
03.2019 
8,641,775,560 
49,197,752 
0.57% 
27,718,254 
0.32% 
7,554,850 
0.09% 
9,768,593 
0.11% 
0.00 
2,235,023 
0.03% 
1,357,593 
0.02% 
1,073,191 
0.01% 
5,102,786 
0.06% 
04.2019 
8,652,824,678 
59,279,351 
0.69% 
29,613,209 
0.34% 
7,807,618 
0.09% 
9,545,567 
0.11% 
0.00 
2,672,653 
0.03% 
970,846 
0.01% 
743,105 
0.01% 
5,158,964 
0.06% 
05.2019 
8,693,961,509 
72,185,306 
0.83% 
28,122,611 
0.32% 
8,078,561 
0.09% 
9,817,891 
0.11% 
0.00 
2,837,262 
0.03% 
1,146,712 
0.01% 
691,847 
0.01% 
5,142,070 
0.06% 
06.2019 
8,716,341,997 
50,357,946 
0.58% 
31,591,594 
0.36% 
9,217,080 
0.11% 
9,691,095 
0.11% 
0.00 
2,514,915 
0.03% 
1,184,109 
0.01% 
852,190 
0.01% 
5,139,881 
0.06% 
07.2019 
8,666,192,105 
59,765,632 
0.69% 
25,465,068 
0.29% 
8,921,120 
0.10% 
10,351,448 
0.12% 
0.00 
2,993,187 
0.03% 
1,179,534 
0.01% 
955,873 
0.01% 
5,222,853 
0.06% 
08.2019 
8,579,331,987 
47,711,074 
0.56% 
28,487,752 
0.33% 
8,591,002 
0.10% 
10,156,257 
0.12% 
0.00 
2,594,516 
0.03% 
1,254,624 
0.01% 
828,349 
0.01% 
5,478,768 
0.06% 
09.2019 
8,608,031,260 
46,429,214 
0.54% 
27,618,300 
0.32% 
8,889,468 
0.10% 
8,718,925 
0.10% 
0.00 
2,684,995 
0.03% 
1,205,556 
0.01% 
905,084 
0.01% 
3,923,289 
0.05% 
10.2019 
8,551,277,633 
67,956,244 
0.79% 
24,158,929 
0.28% 
8,039,268 
0.09% 
8,396,963 
0.10% 
0.00 
2,756,149 
0.03% 
939,112 
0.01% 
829,152 
0.01% 
3,872,551 
0.05% 
11.2019 
8,541,659,238 
42,072,469 
0.49% 
27,002,691 
0.32% 
8,582,103 
0.10% 
7,500,416 
0.09% 
0.00 
2,164,319 
0.03% 
1,196,412 
0.01% 
763,377 
0.01% 
3,376,308 
0.04% 
12.2019 
8,519,618,105 
49,154,308 
0.58% 
24,393,615 
0.29% 
9,312,656 
0.11% 
7,926,322 
0.09% 
0.00 
3,378,019 
0.04% 
974,774 
0.01% 
831,387 
0.01% 
2,742,142 
0.03% 
01.2020 
8,509,508,757 
52,650,558 
0.62% 
27,433,147 
0.32% 
9,945,869 
0.12% 
7,722,880 
0.09% 
0.00 
2,959,925 
0.03% 
1,367,747 
0.02% 
818,363 
0.01% 
2,576,845 
0.03% 
02.2020 
8,448,675,711 
39,201,219 
0.46% 
27,422,332 
0.32% 
9,808,508 
0.12% 
7,716,564 
0.09% 
0.00 
2,587,874 
0.03% 
1,483,470 
0.02% 
1,008,492 
0.01% 
2,636,728 
0.03% 
03.2020 
8,571,331,763 
84,291,920 
0.98% 
27,145,158 
0.32% 
8,391,823 
0.10% 
8,145,762 
0.10% 
0.00 
3,199,592 
0.04% 
1,258,447 
0.01% 
1,157,564 
0.01% 
2,530,158 
0.03% 
04.2020 
8,357,728,501 
122,028,238 
1.46% 
52,690,039 
0.63% 
11,411,444 
0.14% 
11,146,443 
0.13% 
0.00 
4,672,604 
0.06% 
2,434,546 
0.03% 
1,004,879 
0.01% 
3,034,414 
0.04% 
05.2020 
8,205,104,630 
113,159,377 
1.38% 
76,809,780 
0.94% 
29,706,331 
0.36% 
16,809,625 
0.20% 
0.00 
7,688,904 
0.09% 
3,719,598 
0.05% 
2,054,485 
0.03% 
3,346,637 
0.04% 
06.2020 
8,228,584,529 
59,535,829 
0.72% 
38,281,542 
0.47% 
52,176,556 
0.63% 
29,920,906 
0.36% 
0.00 
16,546,468 
0.20% 
6,032,939 
0.07% 
2,945,393 
0.04% 
4,396,106 
0.05% 
07.2020 
8,295,249,798 
51,681,338 
0.62% 
29,924,152 
0.36% 
27,126,029 
0.33% 
53,466,408 
0.64% 
0.00 
29,161,003 
0.35% 
13,804,512 
0.17% 
3,974,438 
0.05% 
6,526,455 
0.08% 
08.2020 
8,248,966,622 
51,888,733 
0.63% 
27,615,419 
0.33% 
20,158,660 
0.24% 
54,107,181 
0.66% 
0.00 
17,088,314 
0.21% 
19,133,986 
0.23% 
10,362,903 
0.13% 
7,521,978 
0.09% 
09.2020 
8,444,486,782 
48,033,148 
0.57% 
36,137,147 
0.43% 
16,486,632 
0.20% 
51,920,423 
0.61% 
0.00 
13,742,458 
0.16% 
10,319,490 
0.12% 
14,133,839 
0.17% 
13,724,636 
0.16% 
10.2020 
8,389,250,220 
50,211,167 
0.60% 
26,474,265 
0.32% 
18,960,475 
0.23% 
48,203,139 
0.57% 
0.00 
12,284,418 
0.15% 
7,768,269 
0.09% 
6,862,291 
0.08% 
21,288,161 
0.25% 
11.2020 
8,357,097,196 
40,540,274 
0.49% 
29,359,891 
0.35% 
18,747,899 
0.22% 
45,956,959 
0.55% 
0.00 
12,928,570 
0.15% 
6,797,685 
0.08% 
5,375,345 
0.06% 
20,855,359 
0.25% 
12.2020 
8,341,206,122 
51,205,969 
0.61% 
26,024,419 
0.31% 
18,322,492 
0.22% 
44,987,143 
0.54% 
0.00 
12,825,900 
0.15% 
6,901,527 
0.08% 
4,679,645 
0.06% 
20,580,071 
0.25% 
01.2021 
8,240,277,032 
42,867,268 
0.52% 
26,754,651 
0.32% 
19,132,189 
0.23% 
45,286,236 
0.55% 
0.00 
11,936,623 
0.14% 
6,837,377 
0.08% 
5,842,316 
0.07% 
20,669,920 
0.25% 
02.2021 
8,108,505,136 
36,275,514 
0.45% 
26,289,837 
0.32% 
19,157,635 
0.24% 
39,719,828 
0.49% 
0.00 
9,791,719 
0.12% 
6,176,430 
0.08% 
4,733,290 
0.06% 
19,018,389 
0.23% 
03.2021 
8,183,637,601 
45,630,063 
0.56% 
25,823,531 
0.32% 
17,023,671 
0.21% 
35,643,213 
0.44% 
0.00 
8,592,751 
0.10% 
6,121,527 
0.07% 
4,050,046 
0.05% 
16,878,889 
0.21% 
04.2021 
8,129,699,315 
42,512,621 
0.52% 
24,726,289 
0.30% 
15,961,855 
0.20% 
32,946,513 
0.41% 
0.00 
8,225,728 
0.10% 
5,179,753 
0.06% 
4,279,493 
0.05% 
15,261,539 
0.19% 
05.2021 
8,141,799,499 
39,407,090 
0.48% 
22,001,607 
0.27% 
14,270,697 
0.18% 
33,338,485 
0.41% 
0.00 
9,953,358 
0.12% 
5,185,278 
0.06% 
3,303,794 
0.04% 
14,896,056 
0.18% 
06.2021 
8,147,413,485 
41,986,901 
0.52% 
23,672,809 
0.29% 
13,700,324 
0.17% 
29,501,218 
0.36% 
0.00 
7,741,810 
0.10% 
5,263,037 
0.06% 
3,264,985 
0.04% 
13,231,386 
0.16% 
07.2021 
8,105,887,489 
44,948,427 
0.55% 
22,938,235 
0.28% 
12,181,157 
0.15% 
25,035,311 
0.31% 
0.00 
7,216,172 
0.09% 
3,838,257 
0.05% 
2,909,430 
0.04% 
11,071,453 
0.14% 
08.2021 
8,025,593,944 
39,277,645 
0.49% 
24,592,316 
0.31% 
13,705,411 
0.17% 
21,784,473 
0.27% 
0.00 
6,291,881 
0.08% 
3,311,011 
0.04% 
2,320,957 
0.03% 
9,860,624 
0.12% 
09.2021 
8,048,089,932 
43,468,062 
0.54% 
24,361,478 
0.30% 
12,952,965 
0.16% 
19,484,185 
0.24% 
0.00 
5,867,467 
0.07% 
2,643,586 
0.03% 
1,970,069 
0.02% 
9,003,062 
0.11% 
10.2021 
7,964,548,850 
43,522,743 
0.55% 
20,709,010 
0.26% 
11,945,523 
0.15% 
17,366,425 
0.22% 
0.00 
5,251,911 
0.07% 
2,855,303 
0.04% 
1,986,852 
0.02% 
7,272,359 
0.09% 
11.2021 
7,927,765,928 
46,904,620 
0.59% 
23,325,876 
0.29% 
11,796,007 
0.15% 
15,999,207 
0.20% 
0.00 
5,003,709 
0.06% 
2,695,129 
0.03% 
1,763,827 
0.02% 
6,536,542 
0.08% 
12.2021 
7,919,146,295 
49,006,533 
0.62% 
22,208,061 
0.28% 
11,299,109 
0.14% 
15,531,609 
0.20% 
0.00 
4,618,643 
0.06% 
2,562,674 
0.03% 
1,640,974 
0.02% 
6,709,318 
0.08% 
01.2022 
7,895,563,314 
43,031,535 
0.55% 
23,176,280 
0.29% 
11,380,593 
0.14% 
15,432,589 
0.20% 
0.00 
5,302,993 
0.07% 
2,600,841 
0.03% 
1,533,777 
0.02% 
5,994,979 
0.08% 
02.2022 
7,755,277,541 
32,204,137 
0.42% 
22,692,102 
0.29% 
9,555,677 
0.12% 
12,010,831 
0.15% 
0.00 
3,627,101 
0.05% 
2,031,072 
0.03% 
1,318,422 
0.02% 
5,034,235 
0.06% 
03.2022 
7,841,104,885 
47,803,440 
0.61% 
19,836,143 
0.25% 
8,143,950 
0.10% 
11,536,119 
0.15% 
0.00 
3,507,077 
0.04% 
2,016,368 
0.03% 
1,084,331 
0.01% 
4,928,344 
0.06% 
04.2022 
7,805,668,432 
39,394,652 
0.50% 
20,979,496 
0.27% 
7,633,588 
0.10% 
10,660,847 
0.14% 
0.00 
2,892,134 
0.04% 
1,997,238 
0.03% 
1,159,072 
0.01% 
4,612,402 
0.06% 
05.2022 
7,812,688,516 
51,289,988 
0.66% 
19,712,954 
0.25% 
6,724,016 
0.09% 
10,509,778 
0.13% 
0.00 
3,104,258 
0.04% 
1,727,897 
0.02% 
1,066,016 
0.01% 
4,611,607 
0.06% 
06.2022 
7,829,494,440 
42,843,874 
0.55% 
21,244,437 
0.27% 
7,516,876 
0.10% 
9,673,725 
0.12% 
0.00 
2,548,820 
0.03% 
1,311,357 
0.02% 
1,063,686 
0.01% 
4,749,861 
0.06% 
07.2022 
7,831,536,118 
39,054,510 
0.50% 
16,930,985 
0.22% 
7,248,946 
0.09% 
9,885,609 
0.13% 
0.00 
3,266,903 
0.04% 
1,686,244 
0.02% 
897,701 
0.01% 
4,034,760 
0.05% 
08.2022 
7,750,295,223 
47,591,748 
0.61% 
18,128,262 
0.23% 
7,035,575 
0.09% 
9,642,506 
0.12% 
0.00 
2,910,093 
0.04% 
2,000,974 
0.03% 
934,264 
0.01% 
3,797,176 
0.05% 
09.2022 
7,826,520,447 
36,694,492 
0.47% 
20,046,785 
0.26% 
6,036,864 
0.08% 
9,444,948 
0.12% 
0.00 
3,080,055 
0.04% 
1,572,167 
0.02% 
1,107,966 
0.01% 
3,684,761 
0.05% 
10.2022 
7,817,235,415 
40,763,158 
0.52% 
14,866,168 
0.19% 
6,688,824 
0.09% 
10,026,249 
0.13% 
0.00 
3,096,096 
0.04% 
1,870,443 
0.02% 
1,113,189 
0.01% 
3,946,521 
0.05% 
11.2022 
7,830,720,772 
40,047,813 
0.51% 
17,624,740 
0.23% 
6,613,872 
0.08% 
10,567,850 
0.13% 
0.00 
3,328,242 
0.04% 
1,937,132 
0.02% 
1,346,555 
0.02% 
3,955,921 
0.05% 
12.2022 
7,864,380,888 
42,135,702 
0.54% 
17,819,851 
0.23% 
7,225,283 
0.09% 
11,516,319 
0.15% 
0.00 
3,107,792 
0.04% 
2,429,698 
0.03% 
1,548,445 
0.02% 
4,430,383 
0.06% 
01.2023 
7,885,172,556 
42,078,489 
0.53% 
20,067,875 
0.25% 
8,235,471 
0.10% 
12,907,445 
0.16% 
0.00 
3,836,429 
0.05% 
2,221,126 
0.03% 
1,885,776 
0.02% 
4,964,114 
0.06% 
02.2023 
7,818,741,274 
37,033,631 
0.47% 
22,840,824 
0.29% 
7,614,479 
0.10% 
13,686,221 
0.18% 
0.00 
4,223,017 
0.05% 
2,499,574 
0.03% 
1,652,638 
0.02% 
5,310,992 
0.07% 
03.2023 
7,955,660,791 
38,469,244 
0.48% 
19,426,089 
0.24% 
8,836,250 
0.11% 
13,650,424 
0.17% 
0.00 
3,335,455 
0.04% 
2,655,392 
0.03% 
1,850,837 
0.02% 
5,808,740 
0.07% 
04.2023 
8,003,032,661 
39,401,520 
0.49% 
20,614,451 
0.26% 
7,661,588 
0.10% 
15,876,572 
0.20% 
0.00 
4,951,078 
0.06% 
2,132,531 
0.03% 
2,416,571 
0.03% 
6,376,391 
0.08% 
05.2023 
8,037,584,445 
40,208,879 
0.50% 
17,524,374 
0.22% 
7,928,005 
0.10% 
17,279,345 
0.21% 
0.00 
4,662,207 
0.06% 
3,416,476 
0.04% 
1,720,341 
0.02% 
7,480,320 
0.09% 
06.2023 
8,117,667,585 
42,408,590 
0.52% 
19,564,550 
0.24% 
8,808,682 
0.11% 
16,511,193 
0.20% 
0.00 
3,784,027 
0.05% 
2,543,584 
0.03% 
2,566,485 
0.03% 
7,617,096 
0.09%

--- Page 162 ---
- 151 - 
 
 
 
 
 
Used HP-PCP 
 
Calendar Year/Month 
Principal 
Outstanding 
Delinquent 
balance 1-30  
dpd (£) 
1-30 
dpd (%) 
Delinquent 
balance 31-60  
dpd (£) 
31-60 
dpd (%) 
Delinquent 
balance 61-90  
dpd (£) 
61-90 
dpd (%) 
Delinquent 
balance 91+  
dpd (£) 
91+ 
dpd (%) 
Delinquent 
balance 91-120  
dpd (£) 
91-120 
dpd (%) 
Delinquent 
balance 121-
150 
dpd (£) 
121-
150 
dpd (%) 
Delinquent 
balance 151-
180  
dpd (£) 
151-
180 
dpd (%) 
Delinquent 
balance 180+  
dpd (£) 
180+ 
dpd (%) 
06.2007 
456,867,298 
5,039,024 
1.10% 
3,381,049 
0.74% 
1,655,970 
0.36% 
2,042,157 
0.45% 
0.00 
855,779 
0.19% 
384,965 
0.08% 
242,962 
0.05% 
558,451 
0.12% 
07.2007 
462,424,341 
7,481,825 
1.62% 
3,274,565 
0.71% 
1,629,512 
0.35% 
2,027,154 
0.44% 
0.00 
811,959 
0.18% 
401,630 
0.09% 
214,885 
0.05% 
598,680 
0.13% 
08.2007 
467,107,067 
6,317,352 
1.35% 
3,438,635 
0.74% 
1,993,379 
0.43% 
2,302,656 
0.49% 
0.00 
1,011,721 
0.22% 
491,186 
0.11% 
224,605 
0.05% 
575,144 
0.12% 
09.2007 
474,234,476 
10,210,694 
2.15% 
3,482,504 
0.73% 
1,816,692 
0.38% 
2,250,961 
0.47% 
0.00 
970,923 
0.20% 
419,823 
0.09% 
326,530 
0.07% 
533,685 
0.11% 
10.2007 
480,596,610 
7,405,601 
1.54% 
3,389,911 
0.71% 
1,740,823 
0.36% 
2,252,921 
0.47% 
0.00 
906,154 
0.19% 
524,509 
0.11% 
239,852 
0.05% 
582,406 
0.12% 
11.2007 
484,026,578 
6,585,948 
1.36% 
3,644,773 
0.75% 
2,061,363 
0.43% 
2,189,226 
0.45% 
0.00 
729,086 
0.15% 
522,420 
0.11% 
325,140 
0.07% 
612,579 
0.13% 
12.2007 
484,768,682 
7,867,933 
1.62% 
3,634,247 
0.75% 
1,926,636 
0.40% 
2,582,987 
0.53% 
0.00 
1,013,072 
0.21% 
477,975 
0.10% 
359,144 
0.07% 
732,796 
0.15% 
01.2008 
492,420,359 
6,778,272 
1.38% 
4,188,529 
0.85% 
2,011,758 
0.41% 
2,995,212 
0.61% 
0.00 
1,256,978 
0.26% 
633,351 
0.13% 
335,104 
0.07% 
769,778 
0.16% 
02.2008 
499,162,593 
6,148,837 
1.23% 
3,863,299 
0.77% 
1,916,658 
0.38% 
2,836,962 
0.57% 
0.00 
1,194,473 
0.24% 
671,072 
0.13% 
301,854 
0.06% 
669,563 
0.13% 
03.2008 
507,948,141 
9,516,678 
1.87% 
3,946,177 
0.78% 
1,550,063 
0.31% 
2,885,633 
0.57% 
0.00 
1,168,788 
0.23% 
630,750 
0.12% 
362,712 
0.07% 
723,383 
0.14% 
04.2008 
519,405,849 
7,202,799 
1.39% 
4,467,599 
0.86% 
1,795,323 
0.35% 
2,700,009 
0.52% 
0.00 
937,847 
0.18% 
657,332 
0.13% 
369,225 
0.07% 
735,605 
0.14% 
05.2008 
533,936,224 
7,923,890 
1.48% 
3,842,122 
0.72% 
1,853,523 
0.35% 
3,072,241 
0.58% 
0.00 
1,158,288 
0.22% 
591,403 
0.11% 
469,332 
0.09% 
853,218 
0.16% 
06.2008 
550,139,153 
7,784,384 
1.41% 
3,794,899 
0.69% 
2,216,040 
0.40% 
3,022,523 
0.55% 
0.00 
987,907 
0.18% 
794,934 
0.14% 
322,304 
0.06% 
917,378 
0.17% 
07.2008 
564,285,069 
8,708,164 
1.54% 
3,928,833 
0.70% 
1,912,178 
0.34% 
2,992,431 
0.53% 
0.00 
1,138,468 
0.20% 
588,319 
0.10% 
395,225 
0.07% 
870,419 
0.15% 
08.2008 
581,967,046 
8,965,754 
1.54% 
5,470,475 
0.94% 
2,318,356 
0.40% 
3,056,577 
0.53% 
0.00 
1,247,381 
0.21% 
595,894 
0.10% 
308,441 
0.05% 
904,860 
0.16% 
09.2008 
600,672,191 
8,964,008 
1.49% 
6,104,008 
1.02% 
2,785,403 
0.46% 
3,148,973 
0.52% 
0.00 
1,343,226 
0.22% 
650,173 
0.11% 
323,576 
0.05% 
831,998 
0.14% 
10.2008 
614,357,754 
10,714,428 
1.74% 
5,553,557 
0.90% 
3,165,821 
0.52% 
3,323,014 
0.54% 
0.00 
1,741,367 
0.28% 
545,154 
0.09% 
338,523 
0.06% 
697,970 
0.11% 
11.2008 
623,600,150 
8,509,945 
1.36% 
6,295,005 
1.01% 
3,029,388 
0.49% 
4,219,479 
0.68% 
0.00 
1,952,781 
0.31% 
1,215,538 
0.19% 
364,238 
0.06% 
686,922 
0.11% 
12.2008 
630,080,417 
9,868,506 
1.57% 
4,920,136 
0.78% 
3,305,455 
0.52% 
4,828,205 
0.77% 
0.00 
1,907,716 
0.30% 
1,250,306 
0.20% 
856,661 
0.14% 
813,521 
0.13% 
01.2009 
645,108,581 
9,648,592 
1.50% 
7,474,028 
1.16% 
3,366,737 
0.52% 
5,528,593 
0.86% 
0.00 
2,145,723 
0.33% 
1,330,471 
0.21% 
893,222 
0.14% 
1,159,178 
0.18% 
02.2009 
659,245,520 
9,739,866 
1.48% 
6,544,995 
0.99% 
3,988,331 
0.60% 
5,728,427 
0.87% 
0.00 
1,863,270 
0.28% 
1,322,473 
0.20% 
1,043,814 
0.16% 
1,498,870 
0.23% 
03.2009 
678,382,190 
10,918,866 
1.61% 
5,670,677 
0.84% 
2,479,728 
0.37% 
5,368,422 
0.79% 
0.00 
1,865,687 
0.28% 
919,075 
0.14% 
780,885 
0.12% 
1,802,775 
0.27% 
04.2009 
699,426,184 
10,952,005 
1.57% 
6,050,714 
0.87% 
2,638,611 
0.38% 
5,048,728 
0.72% 
0.00 
1,317,142 
0.19% 
1,209,249 
0.17% 
708,289 
0.10% 
1,814,047 
0.26% 
05.2009 
718,850,050 
11,235,837 
1.56% 
5,153,473 
0.72% 
2,626,517 
0.37% 
4,998,601 
0.70% 
0.00 
1,467,260 
0.20% 
755,882 
0.11% 
938,686 
0.13% 
1,836,773 
0.26% 
06.2009 
738,570,582 
11,827,349 
1.60% 
4,966,633 
0.67% 
2,292,352 
0.31% 
4,958,126 
0.67% 
0.00 
1,459,671 
0.20% 
935,099 
0.13% 
614,929 
0.08% 
1,948,426 
0.26% 
07.2009 
756,110,795 
13,611,997 
1.80% 
4,682,374 
0.62% 
2,279,208 
0.30% 
4,817,168 
0.64% 
0.00 
1,194,831 
0.16% 
1,047,729 
0.14% 
631,397 
0.08% 
1,943,211 
0.26% 
08.2009 
775,241,285 
10,736,199 
1.38% 
5,997,962 
0.77% 
2,488,094 
0.32% 
4,666,188 
0.60% 
0.00 
1,509,026 
0.19% 
723,944 
0.09% 
746,005 
0.10% 
1,687,212 
0.22% 
09.2009 
801,338,932 
11,574,910 
1.44% 
5,548,073 
0.69% 
2,796,436 
0.35% 
4,862,843 
0.61% 
0.00 
1,589,605 
0.20% 
917,927 
0.11% 
469,940 
0.06% 
1,885,371 
0.24% 
10.2009 
827,141,514 
13,701,794 
1.66% 
4,249,012 
0.51% 
2,322,254 
0.28% 
4,561,151 
0.55% 
0.00 
1,382,196 
0.17% 
906,097 
0.11% 
618,472 
0.07% 
1,654,387 
0.20% 
11.2009 
840,556,973 
11,682,379 
1.39% 
5,731,815 
0.68% 
2,221,353 
0.26% 
4,271,066 
0.51% 
0.00 
1,385,843 
0.16% 
740,499 
0.09% 
516,232 
0.06% 
1,628,492 
0.19% 
12.2009 
853,767,015 
13,778,174 
1.61% 
5,143,103 
0.60% 
2,243,024 
0.26% 
4,435,155 
0.52% 
0.00 
1,535,225 
0.18% 
843,426 
0.10% 
474,573 
0.06% 
1,581,930 
0.19% 
01.2010 
864,290,186 
13,860,245 
1.60% 
5,911,598 
0.68% 
2,912,894 
0.34% 
4,192,385 
0.49% 
0.00 
1,428,834 
0.17% 
887,533 
0.10% 
448,995 
0.05% 
1,427,023 
0.17% 
02.2010 
881,394,320 
12,948,418 
1.47% 
6,764,693 
0.77% 
2,450,287 
0.28% 
3,695,104 
0.42% 
0.00 
1,183,066 
0.13% 
726,806 
0.08% 
459,986 
0.05% 
1,325,245 
0.15% 
03.2010 
905,673,552 
15,056,804 
1.66% 
6,490,407 
0.72% 
2,367,238 
0.26% 
3,437,548 
0.38% 
0.00 
937,392 
0.10% 
631,648 
0.07% 
528,936 
0.06% 
1,339,571 
0.15% 
04.2010 
927,558,125 
13,489,294 
1.45% 
6,303,173 
0.68% 
2,628,597 
0.28% 
4,051,837 
0.44% 
0.00 
1,461,874 
0.16% 
573,281 
0.06% 
434,429 
0.05% 
1,582,253 
0.17% 
05.2010 
952,012,090 
13,549,336 
1.42% 
5,084,765 
0.53% 
2,727,550 
0.29% 
4,337,364 
0.46% 
0.00 
1,459,466 
0.15% 
769,031 
0.08% 
491,333 
0.05% 
1,617,534 
0.17% 
06.2010 
975,329,894 
13,605,001 
1.39% 
5,037,501 
0.52% 
2,362,140 
0.24% 
4,391,421 
0.45% 
0.00 
1,348,760 
0.14% 
853,158 
0.09% 
552,559 
0.06% 
1,636,944 
0.17% 
07.2010 
1,002,744,403 
14,026,182 
1.40% 
4,729,519 
0.47% 
2,383,470 
0.24% 
4,441,476 
0.44% 
0.00 
1,307,383 
0.13% 
765,202 
0.08% 
534,565 
0.05% 
1,834,325 
0.18% 
08.2010 
1,031,087,315 
12,952,281 
1.26% 
5,670,745 
0.55% 
2,433,220 
0.24% 
4,264,814 
0.41% 
0.00 
1,103,317 
0.11% 
732,496 
0.07% 
535,073 
0.05% 
1,893,929 
0.18% 
09.2010 
1,053,652,639 
13,392,025 
1.27% 
6,171,104 
0.59% 
2,331,972 
0.22% 
4,411,321 
0.42% 
0.00 
1,231,601 
0.12% 
721,286 
0.07% 
482,356 
0.05% 
1,976,080 
0.19% 
10.2010 
1,082,774,606 
14,532,678 
1.34% 
4,846,014 
0.45% 
2,813,036 
0.26% 
4,961,470 
0.46% 
0.00 
1,397,396 
0.13% 
863,677 
0.08% 
568,445 
0.05% 
2,131,952 
0.20% 
11.2010 
1,105,925,491 
14,776,612 
1.34% 
4,995,396 
0.45% 
2,376,189 
0.21% 
4,703,029 
0.43% 
0.00 
1,382,681 
0.13% 
801,222 
0.07% 
543,597 
0.05% 
1,975,528 
0.18% 
12.2010 
1,114,244,351 
15,321,090 
1.38% 
5,781,200 
0.52% 
2,416,660 
0.22% 
4,942,898 
0.44% 
0.00 
1,446,715 
0.13% 
810,784 
0.07% 
524,348 
0.05% 
2,161,050 
0.19% 
01.2011 
1,123,496,464 
13,957,158 
1.24% 
6,305,658 
0.56% 
3,203,434 
0.29% 
5,518,422 
0.49% 
0.00 
1,777,725 
0.16% 
1,012,040 
0.09% 
512,380 
0.05% 
2,216,278 
0.20% 
02.2011 
1,134,895,814 
14,266,616 
1.26% 
5,853,324 
0.52% 
2,536,560 
0.22% 
5,604,995 
0.49% 
0.00 
1,649,298 
0.15% 
1,013,618 
0.09% 
722,466 
0.06% 
2,219,613 
0.20% 
03.2011 
1,150,939,813 
16,545,072 
1.44% 
6,688,489 
0.58% 
2,272,195 
0.20% 
4,904,771 
0.43% 
0.00 
1,207,977 
0.10% 
984,792 
0.09% 
570,966 
0.05% 
2,141,036 
0.19% 
04.2011 
1,158,635,112 
15,392,285 
1.33% 
6,557,286 
0.57% 
3,245,923 
0.28% 
5,145,522 
0.44% 
0.00 
1,149,512 
0.10% 
844,853 
0.07% 
809,553 
0.07% 
2,341,604 
0.20% 
05.2011 
1,171,499,047 
15,051,377 
1.28% 
5,086,805 
0.43% 
3,012,370 
0.26% 
5,668,546 
0.48% 
0.00 
1,976,906 
0.17% 
655,167 
0.06% 
574,674 
0.05% 
2,461,798 
0.21% 
06.2011 
1,182,159,666 
16,276,696 
1.38% 
5,480,128 
0.46% 
2,636,202 
0.22% 
5,314,931 
0.45% 
0.00 
1,515,071 
0.13% 
1,106,531 
0.09% 
420,465 
0.04% 
2,272,864 
0.19% 
07.2011 
1,192,149,716 
16,831,188 
1.41% 
4,655,618 
0.39% 
2,624,302 
0.22% 
5,848,340 
0.49% 
0.00 
1,606,978 
0.13% 
1,030,694 
0.09% 
775,520 
0.07% 
2,435,148 
0.20% 
08.2011 
1,210,080,803 
16,280,383 
1.35% 
5,256,936 
0.43% 
2,642,148 
0.22% 
5,497,930 
0.45% 
0.00 
1,508,596 
0.12% 
875,000 
0.07% 
752,207 
0.06% 
2,362,127 
0.20% 
09.2011 
1,222,699,435 
15,442,176 
1.26% 
5,702,328 
0.47% 
2,590,300 
0.21% 
5,207,046 
0.43% 
0.00 
1,328,941 
0.11% 
891,161 
0.07% 
605,126 
0.05% 
2,381,817 
0.19% 
10.2011 
1,233,684,208 
16,213,606 
1.31% 
5,045,777 
0.41% 
2,874,301 
0.23% 
5,308,103 
0.43% 
0.00 
1,446,383 
0.12% 
792,074 
0.06% 
654,859 
0.05% 
2,414,787 
0.20% 
11.2011 
1,238,103,553 
14,004,698 
1.13% 
5,446,210 
0.44% 
2,632,820 
0.21% 
5,009,326 
0.40% 
0.00 
1,324,557 
0.11% 
860,710 
0.07% 
480,407 
0.04% 
2,343,653 
0.19% 
12.2011 
1,234,780,056 
16,688,284 
1.35% 
5,292,356 
0.43% 
2,650,791 
0.21% 
4,909,386 
0.40% 
0.00 
1,328,310 
0.11% 
794,674 
0.06% 
500,989 
0.04% 
2,285,412 
0.19% 
01.2012 
1,242,357,530 
16,490,156 
1.33% 
6,099,407 
0.49% 
2,767,312 
0.22% 
4,792,149 
0.39% 
0.00 
1,527,300 
0.12% 
690,991 
0.06% 
457,303 
0.04% 
2,116,555 
0.17% 
02.2012 
1,247,983,922 
14,480,778 
1.16% 
5,771,388 
0.46% 
2,158,704 
0.17% 
4,491,408 
0.36% 
0.00 
1,215,412 
0.10% 
947,904 
0.08% 
366,622 
0.03% 
1,961,470 
0.16% 
03.2012 
1,257,494,498 
17,306,433 
1.38% 
5,967,439 
0.47% 
2,165,573 
0.17% 
4,209,594 
0.33% 
0.00 
1,267,880 
0.10% 
672,294 
0.05% 
595,895 
0.05% 
1,673,525 
0.13% 
04.2012 
1,265,781,984 
15,015,387 
1.19% 
6,071,533 
0.48% 
2,393,456 
0.19% 
4,299,160 
0.34% 
0.00 
1,414,034 
0.11% 
703,935 
0.06% 
443,203 
0.04% 
1,737,988 
0.14% 
05.2012 
1,273,406,816 
22,403,512 
1.76% 
6,287,986 
0.49% 
2,622,760 
0.21% 
4,440,877 
0.35% 
0.00 
1,427,176 
0.11% 
795,059 
0.06% 
464,328 
0.04% 
1,754,312 
0.14% 
06.2012 
1,279,874,993 
20,778,291 
1.62% 
6,941,817 
0.54% 
2,621,172 
0.20% 
4,440,786 
0.35% 
0.00 
1,253,385 
0.10% 
863,905 
0.07% 
537,119 
0.04% 
1,786,377 
0.14% 
07.2012 
1,289,221,406 
18,844,769 
1.46% 
6,479,405 
0.50% 
2,359,376 
0.18% 
4,576,085 
0.35% 
0.00 
1,341,514 
0.10% 
786,047 
0.06% 
559,282 
0.04% 
1,889,241 
0.15% 
08.2012 
1,295,117,332 
17,928,908 
1.38% 
6,510,569 
0.50% 
2,631,088 
0.20% 
4,273,497 
0.33% 
0.00 
1,318,739 
0.10% 
715,786 
0.06% 
445,035 
0.03% 
1,793,937 
0.14% 
09.2012 
1,303,783,814 
16,767,588 
1.29% 
6,438,255 
0.49% 
2,576,570 
0.20% 
4,164,821 
0.32% 
0.00 
1,200,606 
0.09% 
734,405 
0.06% 
505,011 
0.04% 
1,724,800 
0.13% 
10.2012 
1,319,586,708 
17,011,977 
1.29% 
5,140,657 
0.39% 
2,082,949 
0.16% 
3,815,779 
0.29% 
0.00 
1,267,900 
0.10% 
557,029 
0.04% 
398,948 
0.03% 
1,591,901 
0.12% 
11.2012 
1,319,239,142 
16,648,103 
1.26% 
5,792,382 
0.44% 
2,294,094 
0.17% 
3,420,022 
0.26% 
0.00 
872,300 
0.07% 
689,167 
0.05% 
286,720 
0.02% 
1,571,835 
0.12%

--- Page 163 ---
- 152 - 
 
 
 
Calendar Year/Month 
Principal 
Outstanding 
Delinquent 
balance 1-30  
dpd (£) 
1-30 
dpd (%) 
Delinquent 
balance 31-60  
dpd (£) 
31-60 
dpd (%) 
Delinquent 
balance 61-90  
dpd (£) 
61-90 
dpd (%) 
Delinquent 
balance 91+  
dpd (£) 
91+ 
dpd (%) 
Delinquent 
balance 91-120  
dpd (£) 
91-120 
dpd (%) 
Delinquent 
balance 121-
150 
dpd (£) 
121-
150 
dpd (%) 
Delinquent 
balance 151-
180  
dpd (£) 
151-
180 
dpd (%) 
Delinquent 
balance 180+  
dpd (£) 
180+ 
dpd (%) 
12.2012 
1,318,244,422 
16,842,639 
1.28% 
6,112,090 
0.46% 
2,652,139 
0.20% 
4,157,740 
0.32% 
0.00 
1,365,124 
0.10% 
633,348 
0.05% 
528,490 
0.04% 
1,630,778 
0.12% 
01.2013 
1,325,578,270 
17,874,369 
1.35% 
6,653,003 
0.50% 
3,492,665 
0.26% 
4,435,657 
0.33% 
0.00 
1,452,240 
0.11% 
854,818 
0.06% 
353,778 
0.03% 
1,774,822 
0.13% 
02.2013 
1,329,686,696 
14,823,432 
1.11% 
6,998,349 
0.53% 
2,678,293 
0.20% 
4,597,546 
0.35% 
0.00 
1,717,933 
0.13% 
746,369 
0.06% 
457,044 
0.03% 
1,676,199 
0.13% 
03.2013 
1,335,128,314 
70,162,542 
5.26% 
6,779,926 
0.51% 
3,040,476 
0.23% 
4,851,944 
0.36% 
0.00 
1,566,057 
0.12% 
1,079,743 
0.08% 
540,409 
0.04% 
1,665,734 
0.12% 
04.2013 
1,351,988,458 
16,990,006 
1.26% 
7,146,347 
0.53% 
3,108,377 
0.23% 
4,511,623 
0.33% 
0.00 
1,660,360 
0.12% 
700,625 
0.05% 
636,053 
0.05% 
1,514,585 
0.11% 
05.2013 
1,354,007,551 
17,520,146 
1.29% 
5,666,672 
0.42% 
3,514,256 
0.26% 
4,949,916 
0.37% 
0.00 
1,768,104 
0.13% 
1,095,252 
0.08% 
455,995 
0.03% 
1,630,564 
0.12% 
06.2013 
1,363,935,876 
16,066,489 
1.18% 
6,690,937 
0.49% 
3,025,876 
0.22% 
4,614,690 
0.34% 
0.00 
1,751,516 
0.13% 
760,367 
0.06% 
544,826 
0.04% 
1,557,980 
0.11% 
07.2013 
1,382,305,305 
24,064,702 
1.74% 
7,829,634 
0.57% 
3,294,416 
0.24% 
4,698,919 
0.34% 
0.00 
1,707,200 
0.12% 
869,774 
0.06% 
456,269 
0.03% 
1,665,676 
0.12% 
08.2013 
1,406,416,502 
16,375,427 
1.16% 
8,971,189 
0.64% 
3,798,600 
0.27% 
4,971,270 
0.35% 
0.00 
1,759,588 
0.13% 
1,046,529 
0.07% 
549,682 
0.04% 
1,615,471 
0.11% 
09.2013 
1,425,623,101 
15,768,129 
1.11% 
8,182,208 
0.57% 
3,565,952 
0.25% 
5,337,449 
0.37% 
0.00 
1,879,582 
0.13% 
983,218 
0.07% 
666,966 
0.05% 
1,807,683 
0.13% 
10.2013 
1,449,213,407 
16,974,620 
1.17% 
6,439,568 
0.44% 
3,265,144 
0.23% 
5,065,508 
0.35% 
0.00 
1,666,436 
0.11% 
1,114,094 
0.08% 
521,090 
0.04% 
1,763,889 
0.12% 
11.2013 
1,459,510,434 
14,821,565 
1.02% 
6,594,823 
0.45% 
3,045,088 
0.21% 
5,417,268 
0.37% 
0.00 
1,751,133 
0.12% 
1,170,563 
0.08% 
737,888 
0.05% 
1,757,684 
0.12% 
12.2013 
1,467,972,529 
16,131,637 
1.10% 
5,972,804 
0.41% 
2,814,145 
0.19% 
5,388,327 
0.37% 
0.00 
1,678,026 
0.11% 
1,096,953 
0.07% 
779,707 
0.05% 
1,833,641 
0.12% 
01.2014 
1,490,606,989 
14,955,580 
1.00% 
6,490,007 
0.44% 
3,096,405 
0.21% 
5,710,511 
0.38% 
0.00 
1,860,737 
0.12% 
1,155,153 
0.08% 
741,753 
0.05% 
1,952,868 
0.13% 
02.2014 
1,500,842,473 
13,346,783 
0.89% 
5,758,670 
0.38% 
3,307,517 
0.22% 
5,047,305 
0.34% 
0.00 
1,553,385 
0.10% 
988,642 
0.07% 
701,629 
0.05% 
1,803,648 
0.12% 
03.2014 
1,522,607,620 
13,402,005 
0.88% 
5,605,107 
0.37% 
2,553,701 
0.17% 
5,061,362 
0.33% 
0.00 
1,397,260 
0.09% 
989,132 
0.06% 
772,562 
0.05% 
1,902,408 
0.12% 
04.2014 
1,542,288,185 
15,726,233 
1.02% 
6,187,586 
0.40% 
2,546,170 
0.17% 
5,360,719 
0.35% 
0.00 
1,435,428 
0.09% 
1,226,579 
0.08% 
776,867 
0.05% 
1,921,846 
0.12% 
05.2014 
1,564,500,265 
14,255,143 
0.91% 
5,366,186 
0.34% 
2,712,161 
0.17% 
4,602,671 
0.29% 
0.00 
1,291,646 
0.08% 
662,962 
0.04% 
687,337 
0.04% 
1,960,725 
0.13% 
06.2014 
1,588,512,502 
13,386,349 
0.84% 
5,136,203 
0.32% 
2,876,248 
0.18% 
4,646,852 
0.29% 
0.00 
1,665,823 
0.10% 
739,873 
0.05% 
384,900 
0.02% 
1,856,256 
0.12% 
07.2014 
1,615,423,488 
14,958,199 
0.93% 
4,690,069 
0.29% 
2,212,699 
0.14% 
4,819,148 
0.30% 
0.00 
1,800,881 
0.11% 
813,902 
0.05% 
524,722 
0.03% 
1,679,644 
0.10% 
08.2014 
1,635,575,579 
12,732,132 
0.78% 
6,022,080 
0.37% 
2,844,507 
0.17% 
4,987,181 
0.30% 
0.00 
1,526,855 
0.09% 
1,040,264 
0.06% 
729,794 
0.04% 
1,690,269 
0.10% 
09.2014 
1,661,127,481 
13,652,858 
0.82% 
5,629,200 
0.34% 
2,897,367 
0.17% 
5,381,288 
0.32% 
0.00 
1,820,906 
0.11% 
990,780 
0.06% 
698,699 
0.04% 
1,870,903 
0.11% 
10.2014 
1,706,566,974 
14,877,887 
0.87% 
4,962,409 
0.29% 
2,542,467 
0.15% 
5,649,711 
0.33% 
0.00 
1,860,704 
0.11% 
1,099,840 
0.06% 
585,366 
0.03% 
2,103,800 
0.12% 
11.2014 
1,723,024,955 
12,192,321 
0.71% 
6,016,369 
0.35% 
2,993,845 
0.17% 
5,328,748 
0.31% 
0.00 
1,540,503 
0.09% 
1,226,794 
0.07% 
656,148 
0.04% 
1,905,304 
0.11% 
12.2014 
1,736,789,613 
14,657,165 
0.84% 
5,528,611 
0.32% 
2,911,516 
0.17% 
5,042,387 
0.29% 
0.00 
1,688,663 
0.10% 
1,007,728 
0.06% 
538,855 
0.03% 
1,807,140 
0.10% 
01.2015 
1,757,617,954 
13,491,255 
0.77% 
7,504,463 
0.43% 
3,277,128 
0.19% 
5,030,593 
0.29% 
0.00 
1,767,502 
0.10% 
1,035,978 
0.06% 
496,448 
0.03% 
1,730,664 
0.10% 
02.2015 
1,778,071,032 
11,321,872 
0.64% 
7,411,924 
0.42% 
3,063,471 
0.17% 
4,928,677 
0.28% 
0.00 
1,684,681 
0.09% 
891,232 
0.05% 
561,908 
0.03% 
1,790,856 
0.10% 
03.2015 
1,795,122,369 
16,556,124 
0.92% 
6,758,788 
0.38% 
3,367,177 
0.19% 
5,122,679 
0.29% 
0.00 
1,790,320 
0.10% 
1,154,276 
0.06% 
546,425 
0.03% 
1,631,659 
0.09% 
04.2015 
1,819,885,961 
10,119,790 
0.56% 
5,945,315 
0.33% 
3,321,157 
0.18% 
5,370,637 
0.30% 
0.00 
1,986,461 
0.11% 
1,240,680 
0.07% 
778,182 
0.04% 
1,365,315 
0.08% 
05.2015 
1,853,759,618 
13,045,554 
0.70% 
5,241,293 
0.28% 
3,304,864 
0.18% 
6,239,987 
0.34% 
0.00 
2,452,567 
0.13% 
1,340,191 
0.07% 
927,000 
0.05% 
1,520,229 
0.08% 
06.2015 
1,875,975,354 
19,016,459 
1.01% 
5,450,672 
0.29% 
2,951,213 
0.16% 
6,032,961 
0.32% 
0.00 
2,078,203 
0.11% 
1,435,774 
0.08% 
845,890 
0.05% 
1,673,093 
0.09% 
07.2015 
1,909,580,645 
18,316,005 
0.96% 
4,892,322 
0.26% 
3,169,315 
0.17% 
6,128,246 
0.32% 
0.00 
2,040,858 
0.11% 
1,414,346 
0.07% 
885,648 
0.05% 
1,787,394 
0.09% 
08.2015 
1,946,929,507 
12,887,049 
0.66% 
7,157,843 
0.37% 
3,111,033 
0.16% 
6,907,077 
0.35% 
0.00 
2,395,806 
0.12% 
1,489,645 
0.08% 
1,060,592 
0.05% 
1,961,035 
0.10% 
09.2015 
1,977,273,197 
13,025,689 
0.66% 
6,525,941 
0.33% 
3,287,950 
0.17% 
7,076,283 
0.36% 
0.00 
2,198,681 
0.11% 
1,632,659 
0.08% 
1,034,187 
0.05% 
2,210,756 
0.11% 
10.2015 
2,013,011,367 
14,190,224 
0.70% 
5,497,826 
0.27% 
2,984,559 
0.15% 
7,675,678 
0.38% 
0.00 
2,378,748 
0.12% 
1,377,881 
0.07% 
1,360,985 
0.07% 
2,558,064 
0.13% 
11.2015 
2,018,182,262 
12,887,901 
0.64% 
5,894,907 
0.29% 
3,331,744 
0.17% 
7,565,451 
0.37% 
0.00 
2,056,949 
0.10% 
1,660,449 
0.08% 
1,050,800 
0.05% 
2,797,253 
0.14% 
12.2015 
2,086,536,726 
15,723,443 
0.75% 
5,472,993 
0.26% 
3,086,024 
0.15% 
7,861,005 
0.38% 
0.00 
2,155,590 
0.10% 
1,488,171 
0.07% 
1,275,353 
0.06% 
2,941,891 
0.14% 
01.2016 
2,122,310,824 
14,366,211 
0.68% 
7,342,847 
0.35% 
3,043,496 
0.14% 
7,674,487 
0.36% 
0.00 
2,118,124 
0.10% 
1,530,564 
0.07% 
1,031,042 
0.05% 
2,994,757 
0.14% 
02.2016 
2,146,411,971 
12,749,883 
0.59% 
7,198,306 
0.34% 
3,388,605 
0.16% 
7,169,999 
0.33% 
0.00 
1,935,598 
0.09% 
1,362,258 
0.06% 
1,168,274 
0.05% 
2,703,870 
0.13% 
03.2016 
2,163,853,572 
17,147,929 
0.79% 
6,480,147 
0.30% 
2,850,325 
0.13% 
6,527,486 
0.30% 
0.00 
1,941,152 
0.09% 
1,222,715 
0.06% 
795,137 
0.04% 
2,568,481 
0.12% 
04.2016 
2,181,364,576 
12,693,429 
0.58% 
7,358,321 
0.34% 
2,961,979 
0.14% 
6,003,834 
0.28% 
0.00 
1,982,843 
0.09% 
1,233,601 
0.06% 
779,097 
0.04% 
2,008,293 
0.09% 
05.2016 
2,215,057,578 
15,153,195 
0.68% 
5,677,106 
0.26% 
2,995,321 
0.14% 
6,217,731 
0.28% 
0.00 
2,136,732 
0.10% 
1,313,623 
0.06% 
799,643 
0.04% 
1,967,732 
0.09% 
06.2016 
2,225,997,695 
16,033,195 
0.72% 
7,355,917 
0.33% 
2,817,582 
0.13% 
4,248,244 
0.19% 
0.00 
1,282,527 
0.06% 
773,162 
0.03% 
503,174 
0.02% 
1,689,381 
0.08% 
07.2016 
2,248,790,526 
16,156,532 
0.72% 
5,891,092 
0.26% 
3,084,785 
0.14% 
4,456,071 
0.20% 
0.00 
1,455,559 
0.06% 
728,481 
0.03% 
468,023 
0.02% 
1,804,009 
0.08% 
08.2016 
2,268,842,285 
17,075,660 
0.75% 
7,160,391 
0.32% 
3,237,093 
0.14% 
4,474,995 
0.20% 
0.00 
1,568,546 
0.07% 
764,344 
0.03% 
462,524 
0.02% 
1,679,581 
0.07% 
09.2016 
2,299,852,217 
17,569,884 
0.76% 
8,008,000 
0.35% 
2,605,784 
0.11% 
3,948,756 
0.17% 
0.00 
1,245,419 
0.05% 
672,204 
0.03% 
524,236 
0.02% 
1,506,897 
0.07% 
10.2016 
2,346,979,697 
18,316,906 
0.78% 
7,020,000 
0.30% 
3,154,152 
0.13% 
4,093,250 
0.17% 
0.00 
1,378,388 
0.06% 
638,483 
0.03% 
517,684 
0.02% 
1,558,696 
0.07% 
11.2016 
2,364,556,418 
16,931,370 
0.72% 
8,194,797 
0.35% 
3,165,702 
0.13% 
4,219,126 
0.18% 
0.00 
1,488,992 
0.06% 
748,541 
0.03% 
458,882 
0.02% 
1,522,710 
0.06% 
12.2016 
2,382,465,429 
17,068,021 
0.72% 
7,474,326 
0.31% 
3,326,449 
0.14% 
5,046,852 
0.21% 
0.00 
2,103,859 
0.09% 
850,289 
0.04% 
521,073 
0.02% 
1,571,630 
0.07% 
01.2017 
2,420,296,125 
19,798,469 
0.82% 
8,725,329 
0.36% 
3,967,215 
0.16% 
5,531,457 
0.23% 
0.00 
2,112,643 
0.09% 
1,263,692 
0.05% 
552,921 
0.02% 
1,602,200 
0.07% 
02.2017 
2,450,125,539 
17,832,648 
0.73% 
9,150,210 
0.37% 
3,951,377 
0.16% 
4,898,391 
0.20% 
0.00 
1,954,370 
0.08% 
905,888 
0.04% 
563,594 
0.02% 
1,474,540 
0.06% 
03.2017 
2,504,214,501 
19,965,095 
0.80% 
8,726,212 
0.35% 
3,336,860 
0.13% 
4,959,440 
0.20% 
0.00 
2,055,235 
0.08% 
840,854 
0.03% 
463,029 
0.02% 
1,600,322 
0.06% 
04.2017 
2,539,862,948 
16,742,670 
0.66% 
9,686,468 
0.38% 
3,784,242 
0.15% 
5,042,785 
0.20% 
0.00 
1,469,092 
0.06% 
1,395,515 
0.05% 
543,129 
0.02% 
1,635,049 
0.06% 
05.2017 
2,591,373,584 
22,104,018 
0.85% 
8,319,169 
0.32% 
4,218,984 
0.16% 
5,900,655 
0.23% 
0.00 
2,077,733 
0.08% 
1,129,070 
0.04% 
977,472 
0.04% 
1,716,381 
0.07% 
06.2017 
2,627,739,584 
19,093,148 
0.73% 
8,884,616 
0.34% 
4,036,905 
0.15% 
5,643,896 
0.21% 
0.00 
1,855,975 
0.07% 
1,006,678 
0.04% 
719,142 
0.03% 
2,062,101 
0.08% 
07.2017 
2,659,887,553 
21,675,910 
0.81% 
8,715,738 
0.33% 
3,637,409 
0.14% 
5,773,532 
0.22% 
0.00 
2,196,852 
0.08% 
1,052,887 
0.04% 
571,842 
0.02% 
1,951,950 
0.07% 
08.2017 
2,698,826,313 
19,358,214 
0.72% 
8,891,217 
0.33% 
4,051,336 
0.15% 
4,854,021 
0.18% 
0.00 
1,677,100 
0.06% 
962,702 
0.04% 
480,739 
0.02% 
1,733,481 
0.06% 
09.2017 
2,754,738,465 
18,714,951 
0.68% 
10,993,892 
0.40% 
3,752,198 
0.14% 
5,022,104 
0.18% 
0.00 
1,978,929 
0.07% 
914,542 
0.03% 
510,743 
0.02% 
1,617,890 
0.06% 
10.2017 
2,821,116,010 
28,588,192 
1.01% 
10,193,080 
0.36% 
4,244,122 
0.15% 
5,070,639 
0.18% 
0.00 
1,790,948 
0.06% 
983,082 
0.03% 
536,201 
0.02% 
1,760,409 
0.06% 
11.2017 
2,873,081,539 
24,635,348 
0.86% 
12,486,961 
0.43% 
4,742,798 
0.17% 
5,671,422 
0.20% 
0.00 
2,116,160 
0.07% 
929,131 
0.03% 
626,813 
0.02% 
1,999,319 
0.07% 
12.2017 
2,903,424,397 
23,812,404 
0.82% 
11,574,902 
0.40% 
5,026,729 
0.17% 
6,692,303 
0.23% 
0.00 
2,265,400 
0.08% 
1,563,583 
0.05% 
638,790 
0.02% 
2,224,529 
0.08% 
01.2018 
2,974,947,739 
28,031,895 
0.94% 
14,180,520 
0.48% 
5,883,603 
0.20% 
6,516,250 
0.22% 
0.00 
2,329,927 
0.08% 
1,226,449 
0.04% 
774,455 
0.03% 
2,185,419 
0.07% 
02.2018 
3,025,258,148 
23,287,930 
0.77% 
16,643,190 
0.55% 
6,121,258 
0.20% 
7,195,036 
0.24% 
0.00 
2,540,660 
0.08% 
1,533,750 
0.05% 
843,113 
0.03% 
2,277,513 
0.08% 
03.2018 
3,093,287,618 
23,532,632 
0.76% 
14,814,225 
0.48% 
6,208,524 
0.20% 
7,881,060 
0.25% 
0.00 
2,919,084 
0.09% 
1,544,137 
0.05% 
1,011,690 
0.03% 
2,406,149 
0.08% 
04.2018 
3,161,834,109 
24,732,903 
0.78% 
16,111,575 
0.51% 
5,650,387 
0.18% 
7,376,364 
0.23% 
0.00 
2,298,398 
0.07% 
1,659,773 
0.05% 
785,384 
0.02% 
2,632,809 
0.08% 
05.2018 
3,214,159,928 
30,647,923 
0.95% 
14,253,393 
0.44% 
4,792,935 
0.15% 
8,014,845 
0.25% 
0.00 
2,496,367 
0.08% 
1,421,911 
0.04% 
1,277,642 
0.04% 
2,818,925 
0.09% 
06.2018 
3,281,570,400 
26,361,784 
0.80% 
16,055,990 
0.49% 
5,726,593 
0.17% 
7,802,142 
0.24% 
0.00 
2,102,284 
0.06% 
1,463,662 
0.04% 
1,176,328 
0.04% 
3,059,869 
0.09% 
07.2018 
3,343,100,538 
36,730,397 
1.10% 
14,337,970 
0.43% 
6,067,781 
0.18% 
8,013,855 
0.24% 
0.00 
2,516,170 
0.08% 
1,371,112 
0.04% 
1,041,611 
0.03% 
3,084,962 
0.09% 
08.2018 
3,431,580,764 
32,631,958 
0.95% 
16,967,753 
0.49% 
6,168,736 
0.18% 
7,327,383 
0.21% 
0.00 
2,394,111 
0.07% 
1,232,752 
0.04% 
773,633 
0.02% 
2,926,887 
0.09% 
09.2018 
3,505,631,157 
27,003,560 
0.77% 
18,078,316 
0.52% 
5,869,470 
0.17% 
5,692,973 
0.16% 
0.00 
1,771,354 
0.05% 
624,569 
0.02% 
553,413 
0.02% 
2,743,637 
0.08% 
10.2018 
3,585,794,694 
34,606,011 
0.97% 
16,223,848 
0.45% 
5,181,544 
0.14% 
5,672,293 
0.16% 
0.00 
1,524,386 
0.04% 
1,101,565 
0.03% 
407,890 
0.01% 
2,638,452 
0.07% 
11.2018 
3,622,264,480 
30,494,152 
0.84% 
21,939,800 
0.61% 
6,666,231 
0.18% 
5,968,069 
0.16% 
0.00 
1,761,903 
0.05% 
709,847 
0.02% 
701,277 
0.02% 
2,795,043 
0.08% 
12.2018 
3,632,214,804 
33,217,730 
0.91% 
16,456,348 
0.45% 
6,432,042 
0.18% 
6,219,395 
0.17% 
0.00 
2,305,260 
0.06% 
466,756 
0.01% 
519,666 
0.01% 
2,927,713 
0.08% 
01.2019 
3,680,224,099 
34,939,766 
0.95% 
20,220,598 
0.55% 
6,914,228 
0.19% 
7,002,305 
0.19% 
0.00 
2,678,337 
0.07% 
1,165,640 
0.03% 
348,467 
0.01% 
2,809,861 
0.08%

--- Page 164 ---
- 153 - 
 
 
 
Calendar Year/Month 
Principal 
Outstanding 
Delinquent 
balance 1-30  
dpd (£) 
1-30 
dpd (%) 
Delinquent 
balance 31-60  
dpd (£) 
31-60 
dpd (%) 
Delinquent 
balance 61-90  
dpd (£) 
61-90 
dpd (%) 
Delinquent 
balance 91+  
dpd (£) 
91+ 
dpd (%) 
Delinquent 
balance 91-120  
dpd (£) 
91-120 
dpd (%) 
Delinquent 
balance 121-
150 
dpd (£) 
121-
150 
dpd (%) 
Delinquent 
balance 151-
180  
dpd (£) 
151-
180 
dpd (%) 
Delinquent 
balance 180+  
dpd (£) 
180+ 
dpd (%) 
02.2019 
3,717,989,837 
30,189,575 
0.81% 
21,632,133 
0.58% 
6,889,717 
0.19% 
7,152,765 
0.19% 
0.00 
2,462,061 
0.07% 
1,353,426 
0.04% 
714,231 
0.02% 
2,623,047 
0.07% 
03.2019 
3,756,244,570 
29,326,852 
0.78% 
18,608,373 
0.50% 
5,268,012 
0.14% 
6,242,994 
0.17% 
0.00 
1,913,963 
0.05% 
1,114,640 
0.03% 
767,337 
0.02% 
2,447,055 
0.07% 
04.2019 
3,828,337,702 
37,205,464 
0.97% 
20,285,481 
0.53% 
6,250,316 
0.16% 
6,274,520 
0.16% 
0.00 
2,203,572 
0.06% 
672,014 
0.02% 
788,203 
0.02% 
2,610,731 
0.07% 
05.2019 
3,878,163,330 
46,332,186 
1.19% 
19,425,874 
0.50% 
5,868,048 
0.15% 
5,883,365 
0.15% 
0.00 
1,611,406 
0.04% 
1,136,451 
0.03% 
391,521 
0.01% 
2,743,987 
0.07% 
06.2019 
3,930,507,889 
31,778,314 
0.81% 
21,377,546 
0.54% 
7,474,883 
0.19% 
5,707,217 
0.15% 
0.00 
1,418,188 
0.04% 
693,659 
0.02% 
907,358 
0.02% 
2,688,012 
0.07% 
07.2019 
3,994,461,104 
41,169,426 
1.03% 
19,477,503 
0.49% 
6,296,434 
0.16% 
6,232,887 
0.16% 
0.00 
2,258,737 
0.06% 
824,074 
0.02% 
506,415 
0.01% 
2,643,662 
0.07% 
08.2019 
4,075,666,360 
33,988,811 
0.83% 
20,864,146 
0.51% 
6,979,081 
0.17% 
6,289,778 
0.15% 
0.00 
2,050,343 
0.05% 
931,901 
0.02% 
635,126 
0.02% 
2,672,408 
0.07% 
09.2019 
4,217,149,347 
32,292,589 
0.77% 
21,408,420 
0.51% 
7,466,275 
0.18% 
5,876,444 
0.14% 
0.00 
2,244,431 
0.05% 
837,331 
0.02% 
704,613 
0.02% 
2,090,069 
0.05% 
10.2019 
4,313,995,864 
44,454,194 
1.03% 
17,346,565 
0.40% 
6,357,505 
0.15% 
5,699,899 
0.13% 
0.00 
2,311,392 
0.05% 
717,933 
0.02% 
673,187 
0.02% 
1,997,388 
0.05% 
11.2019 
4,369,657,967 
33,257,139 
0.76% 
18,877,876 
0.43% 
6,157,635 
0.14% 
4,867,773 
0.11% 
0.00 
1,683,944 
0.04% 
663,586 
0.02% 
554,846 
0.01% 
1,965,396 
0.04% 
12.2019 
4,417,758,430 
36,945,432 
0.84% 
17,622,645 
0.40% 
6,673,193 
0.15% 
5,203,604 
0.12% 
0.00 
2,113,121 
0.05% 
803,133 
0.02% 
446,357 
0.01% 
1,840,993 
0.04% 
01.2020 
4,491,406,242 
40,693,560 
0.91% 
21,111,199 
0.47% 
7,857,764 
0.17% 
5,697,923 
0.13% 
0.00 
2,291,655 
0.05% 
1,079,438 
0.02% 
566,837 
0.01% 
1,759,993 
0.04% 
02.2020 
4,557,669,616 
32,601,825 
0.72% 
23,210,952 
0.51% 
7,034,255 
0.15% 
5,227,221 
0.11% 
0.00 
1,791,681 
0.04% 
832,868 
0.02% 
642,282 
0.01% 
1,960,391 
0.04% 
03.2020 
4,558,196,733 
64,148,514 
1.41% 
22,883,158 
0.50% 
7,083,301 
0.16% 
6,292,661 
0.14% 
0.00 
2,595,621 
0.06% 
1,006,796 
0.02% 
695,562 
0.02% 
1,994,682 
0.04% 
04.2020 
4,471,536,967 
88,995,602 
1.99% 
42,303,669 
0.95% 
9,925,057 
0.22% 
9,584,767 
0.21% 
0.00 
4,200,562 
0.09% 
2,188,011 
0.05% 
968,870 
0.02% 
2,227,324 
0.05% 
05.2020 
4,425,306,615 
85,901,202 
1.94% 
57,878,337 
1.31% 
24,701,456 
0.56% 
14,911,371 
0.34% 
0.00 
6,698,122 
0.15% 
3,404,011 
0.08% 
1,927,656 
0.04% 
2,881,583 
0.07% 
06.2020 
4,532,805,931 
46,617,957 
1.03% 
30,981,612 
0.68% 
38,901,431 
0.86% 
26,857,238 
0.59% 
0.00 
14,616,233 
0.32% 
5,179,558 
0.11% 
2,791,115 
0.06% 
4,270,331 
0.09% 
07.2020 
4,658,029,013 
42,333,624 
0.91% 
25,132,762 
0.54% 
22,028,041 
0.47% 
43,827,362 
0.94% 
0.00 
22,674,464 
0.49% 
11,310,386 
0.24% 
3,589,436 
0.08% 
6,253,075 
0.13% 
08.2020 
4,732,395,774 
43,976,388 
0.93% 
23,120,515 
0.49% 
17,382,468 
0.37% 
44,050,543 
0.93% 
0.00 
13,726,414 
0.29% 
14,767,485 
0.31% 
9,022,626 
0.19% 
6,534,019 
0.14% 
09.2020 
4,809,112,211 
43,678,516 
0.91% 
30,794,190 
0.64% 
16,321,030 
0.34% 
41,842,204 
0.87% 
0.00 
11,045,811 
0.23% 
8,717,794 
0.18% 
9,815,483 
0.20% 
12,263,116 
0.25% 
10.2020 
4,845,420,421 
42,535,304 
0.88% 
22,998,824 
0.47% 
18,823,314 
0.39% 
40,500,050 
0.84% 
0.00 
10,648,891 
0.22% 
6,627,761 
0.14% 
5,196,630 
0.11% 
18,026,768 
0.37% 
11.2020 
4,822,707,858 
36,037,629 
0.75% 
24,509,445 
0.51% 
18,544,321 
0.38% 
39,287,068 
0.81% 
0.00 
10,783,710 
0.22% 
5,613,036 
0.12% 
3,946,768 
0.08% 
18,943,555 
0.39% 
12.2020 
4,821,513,251 
42,711,596 
0.89% 
22,922,522 
0.48% 
17,627,885 
0.37% 
39,198,989 
0.81% 
0.00 
9,661,454 
0.20% 
7,044,301 
0.15% 
3,548,685 
0.07% 
18,944,549 
0.39% 
01.2021 
4,812,512,485 
35,343,923 
0.73% 
24,639,487 
0.51% 
17,722,475 
0.37% 
39,410,460 
0.82% 
0.00 
10,276,907 
0.21% 
5,609,073 
0.12% 
4,864,862 
0.10% 
18,659,619 
0.39% 
02.2021 
4,806,852,242 
32,116,006 
0.67% 
23,131,916 
0.48% 
16,582,619 
0.34% 
36,382,308 
0.76% 
0.00 
9,525,648 
0.20% 
5,149,791 
0.11% 
3,824,918 
0.08% 
17,881,950 
0.37% 
03.2021 
4,826,533,665 
38,509,510 
0.80% 
24,049,706 
0.50% 
14,928,331 
0.31% 
32,843,206 
0.68% 
0.00 
8,095,122 
0.17% 
4,869,398 
0.10% 
3,314,817 
0.07% 
16,563,869 
0.34% 
04.2021 
4,866,335,600 
37,850,168 
0.78% 
23,882,906 
0.49% 
14,578,787 
0.30% 
30,458,538 
0.63% 
0.00 
7,593,048 
0.16% 
4,925,092 
0.10% 
3,459,752 
0.07% 
14,480,645 
0.30% 
05.2021 
4,913,466,324 
36,992,894 
0.75% 
20,908,128 
0.43% 
14,112,186 
0.29% 
30,639,991 
0.62% 
0.00 
8,339,267 
0.17% 
4,505,380 
0.09% 
3,229,601 
0.07% 
14,565,744 
0.30% 
06.2021 
4,938,062,302 
38,258,271 
0.77% 
23,658,035 
0.48% 
13,523,631 
0.27% 
27,998,896 
0.57% 
0.00 
7,251,644 
0.15% 
4,343,403 
0.09% 
3,713,562 
0.08% 
12,690,287 
0.26% 
07.2021 
4,961,176,214 
42,837,449 
0.86% 
22,122,311 
0.45% 
12,920,504 
0.26% 
24,029,849 
0.48% 
0.00 
7,212,984 
0.15% 
4,078,414 
0.08% 
2,627,498 
0.05% 
10,110,952 
0.20% 
08.2021 
4,986,424,629 
38,578,734 
0.77% 
24,497,972 
0.49% 
14,345,604 
0.29% 
22,935,824 
0.46% 
0.00 
6,627,741 
0.13% 
4,406,038 
0.09% 
2,653,637 
0.05% 
9,248,408 
0.19% 
09.2021 
5,005,841,834 
40,569,233 
0.81% 
25,977,294 
0.52% 
12,699,269 
0.25% 
20,372,970 
0.41% 
0.00 
6,707,587 
0.13% 
3,290,614 
0.07% 
2,303,883 
0.05% 
8,070,886 
0.16% 
10.2021 
5,006,285,373 
42,436,005 
0.85% 
21,159,566 
0.42% 
12,236,518 
0.24% 
18,258,816 
0.36% 
0.00 
5,908,595 
0.12% 
2,872,631 
0.06% 
2,148,823 
0.04% 
7,328,766 
0.15% 
11.2021 
5,004,649,144 
47,107,084 
0.94% 
24,592,923 
0.49% 
12,054,471 
0.24% 
17,644,775 
0.35% 
0.00 
5,712,636 
0.11% 
2,647,704 
0.05% 
1,891,583 
0.04% 
7,392,851 
0.15% 
12.2021 
4,975,583,474 
49,962,856 
1.00% 
23,364,213 
0.47% 
11,706,047 
0.24% 
16,936,205 
0.34% 
0.00 
5,378,222 
0.11% 
2,902,690 
0.06% 
1,629,212 
0.03% 
7,026,081 
0.14% 
01.2022 
5,008,296,476 
43,849,019 
0.88% 
25,385,362 
0.51% 
12,325,407 
0.25% 
16,775,296 
0.33% 
0.00 
6,012,213 
0.12% 
2,697,079 
0.05% 
1,492,025 
0.03% 
6,573,980 
0.13% 
02.2022 
5,032,698,669 
36,822,153 
0.73% 
25,829,014 
0.51% 
10,627,974 
0.21% 
13,825,704 
0.27% 
0.00 
3,687,771 
0.07% 
2,603,392 
0.05% 
1,261,579 
0.03% 
6,272,962 
0.12% 
03.2022 
5,077,716,815 
51,818,847 
1.02% 
24,594,095 
0.48% 
9,266,933 
0.18% 
12,042,022 
0.24% 
0.00 
3,272,598 
0.06% 
1,670,337 
0.03% 
1,533,367 
0.03% 
5,565,720 
0.11% 
04.2022 
5,104,135,635 
40,755,983 
0.80% 
25,897,023 
0.51% 
9,396,037 
0.18% 
11,929,881 
0.23% 
0.00 
3,467,424 
0.07% 
1,677,660 
0.03% 
1,290,580 
0.03% 
5,494,217 
0.11% 
05.2022 
5,163,119,007 
57,324,062 
1.11% 
22,985,143 
0.45% 
9,812,650 
0.19% 
12,022,848 
0.23% 
0.00 
3,778,494 
0.07% 
1,865,413 
0.04% 
832,550 
0.02% 
5,546,392 
0.11% 
06.2022 
5,232,077,251 
48,789,605 
0.93% 
25,123,048 
0.48% 
9,883,884 
0.19% 
10,868,604 
0.21% 
0.00 
3,287,967 
0.06% 
1,702,181 
0.03% 
911,730 
0.02% 
4,966,726 
0.09% 
07.2022 
5,297,639,869 
51,217,899 
0.97% 
21,160,744 
0.40% 
10,029,240 
0.19% 
11,637,177 
0.22% 
0.00 
3,654,409 
0.07% 
1,966,531 
0.04% 
838,748 
0.02% 
5,177,489 
0.10% 
08.2022 
5,418,770,149 
55,014,985 
1.02% 
26,639,895 
0.49% 
10,476,161 
0.19% 
11,814,171 
0.22% 
0.00 
3,879,843 
0.07% 
1,887,245 
0.03% 
1,242,792 
0.02% 
4,804,290 
0.09% 
09.2022 
5,520,300,580 
47,575,466 
0.86% 
27,745,648 
0.50% 
10,795,691 
0.20% 
13,872,673 
0.25% 
0.00 
5,080,384 
0.09% 
2,564,621 
0.05% 
1,397,915 
0.03% 
4,829,753 
0.09% 
10.2022 
5,591,534,852 
52,480,095 
0.94% 
22,571,082 
0.40% 
10,388,836 
0.19% 
16,267,896 
0.29% 
0.00 
6,015,256 
0.11% 
3,083,602 
0.06% 
1,889,806 
0.03% 
5,279,232 
0.09% 
11.2022 
5,590,837,778 
51,618,360 
0.92% 
27,617,333 
0.49% 
10,699,349 
0.19% 
17,054,564 
0.31% 
0.00 
5,587,335 
0.10% 
3,149,838 
0.06% 
2,307,286 
0.04% 
6,010,105 
0.11% 
12.2022 
5,552,698,118 
54,139,552 
0.98% 
27,418,659 
0.49% 
12,348,943 
0.22% 
19,080,728 
0.34% 
0.00 
5,854,378 
0.11% 
3,573,527 
0.06% 
2,452,545 
0.04% 
7,200,278 
0.13% 
01.2023 
5,604,960,941 
53,376,740 
0.95% 
29,160,444 
0.52% 
14,759,066 
0.26% 
22,207,296 
0.40% 
0.00 
7,103,691 
0.13% 
3,939,371 
0.07% 
2,836,876 
0.05% 
8,327,357 
0.15% 
02.2023 
5,666,945,872 
50,571,002 
0.89% 
32,517,731 
0.57% 
13,879,963 
0.24% 
23,032,820 
0.41% 
0.00 
6,941,182 
0.12% 
4,238,993 
0.07% 
2,689,308 
0.05% 
9,163,336 
0.16% 
03.2023 
5,694,531,754 
54,665,456 
0.96% 
29,326,447 
0.51% 
13,529,609 
0.24% 
24,066,272 
0.42% 
0.00 
6,379,994 
0.11% 
4,239,793 
0.07% 
2,959,112 
0.05% 
10,487,372 
0.18% 
04.2023 
5,760,357,072 
50,613,935 
0.88% 
33,781,690 
0.59% 
13,183,543 
0.23% 
26,990,077 
0.47% 
0.00 
7,374,178 
0.13% 
4,316,320 
0.07% 
3,490,961 
0.06% 
11,808,618 
0.20% 
05.2023 
5,816,339,469 
53,678,494 
0.92% 
27,269,661 
0.47% 
14,468,097 
0.25% 
29,585,465 
0.51% 
0.00 
8,527,799 
0.15% 
4,850,585 
0.08% 
3,387,591 
0.06% 
12,819,490 
0.22% 
06.2023 
5,901,729,731 
57,229,708 
0.97% 
31,839,915 
0.54% 
15,478,636 
0.26% 
30,412,875 
0.52% 
0.00 
7,803,678 
0.13% 
5,356,022 
0.09% 
4,018,507 
0.07% 
13,234,668 
0.22% 
 
 
PCP 
 
Calendar Year/Month 
Principal 
Outstanding 
Delinquent 
balance 1-30  
dpd (£) 
1-30 
dpd (%) 
Delinquent 
balance 31-60  
dpd (£) 
31-60 
dpd (%) 
Delinquent 
balance 61-90  
dpd (£) 
61-90 
dpd (%) 
Delinquent 
balance 91+  
dpd (£) 
91+ 
dpd (%) 
Delinquent 
balance 91-120  
dpd (£) 
91-120 
dpd (%) 
Delinquent 
balance 121-
150 
dpd (£) 
121-
150 
dpd (%) 
Delinquent 
balance 151-
180  
dpd (£) 
151-
180 
dpd (%) 
Delinquent 
balance 180+  
dpd (£) 
180+ 
dpd (%) 
06.2007 
566,248,068 
4,965,919 
0.88% 
2,824,080 
0.50% 
1,268,089 
0.22% 
1,360,519 
0.24% 
0.00 
533,017 
0.09% 
353,820 
0.06% 
139,455 
0.02% 
334,227 
0.06% 
07.2007 
581,122,053 
7,585,491 
1.31% 
2,990,145 
0.51% 
1,368,143 
0.24% 
1,497,560 
0.26% 
0.00 
691,111 
0.12% 
238,370 
0.04% 
193,099 
0.03% 
374,980 
0.06% 
08.2007 
589,121,308 
6,287,797 
1.07% 
3,440,122 
0.58% 
1,728,067 
0.29% 
1,743,804 
0.30% 
0.00 
786,242 
0.13% 
391,392 
0.07% 
129,852 
0.02% 
436,318 
0.07% 
09.2007 
628,603,999 
10,158,234 
1.62% 
3,071,413 
0.49% 
1,628,613 
0.26% 
1,733,748 
0.28% 
0.00 
842,295 
0.13% 
308,919 
0.05% 
264,532 
0.04% 
318,001 
0.05% 
10.2007 
643,250,296 
7,312,726 
1.14% 
2,988,411 
0.46% 
1,440,955 
0.22% 
1,696,492 
0.26% 
0.00 
756,997 
0.12% 
357,918 
0.06% 
162,826 
0.03% 
418,751 
0.07% 
11.2007 
651,775,012 
6,499,300 
1.00% 
3,532,699 
0.54% 
1,600,286 
0.25% 
1,534,275 
0.24% 
0.00 
597,777 
0.09% 
328,285 
0.05% 
208,414 
0.03% 
399,798 
0.06% 
12.2007 
658,219,300 
7,735,514 
1.18% 
3,286,269 
0.50% 
1,763,634 
0.27% 
1,862,210 
0.28% 
0.00 
769,006 
0.12% 
359,179 
0.05% 
279,765 
0.04% 
454,259 
0.07% 
01.2008 
669,368,225 
6,645,879 
0.99% 
3,738,786 
0.56% 
2,015,059 
0.30% 
2,149,250 
0.32% 
0.00 
1,019,646 
0.15% 
476,292 
0.07% 
221,619 
0.03% 
431,692 
0.06% 
02.2008 
672,971,985 
6,153,446 
0.91% 
3,567,657 
0.53% 
1,722,380 
0.26% 
2,272,520 
0.34% 
0.00 
1,055,241 
0.16% 
500,331 
0.07% 
243,729 
0.04% 
473,219 
0.07%

--- Page 165 ---
- 154 - 
 
 
 
Calendar Year/Month 
Principal 
Outstanding 
Delinquent 
balance 1-30  
dpd (£) 
1-30 
dpd (%) 
Delinquent 
balance 31-60  
dpd (£) 
31-60 
dpd (%) 
Delinquent 
balance 61-90  
dpd (£) 
61-90 
dpd (%) 
Delinquent 
balance 91+  
dpd (£) 
91+ 
dpd (%) 
Delinquent 
balance 91-120  
dpd (£) 
91-120 
dpd (%) 
Delinquent 
balance 121-
150 
dpd (£) 
121-
150 
dpd (%) 
Delinquent 
balance 151-
180  
dpd (£) 
151-
180 
dpd (%) 
Delinquent 
balance 180+  
dpd (£) 
180+ 
dpd (%) 
03.2008 
721,516,575 
8,566,297 
1.19% 
4,008,615 
0.56% 
1,523,149 
0.21% 
2,154,227 
0.30% 
0.00 
817,320 
0.11% 
495,371 
0.07% 
350,501 
0.05% 
491,035 
0.07% 
04.2008 
745,422,043 
7,039,581 
0.94% 
4,038,045 
0.54% 
1,891,705 
0.25% 
1,827,782 
0.25% 
0.00 
627,613 
0.08% 
364,425 
0.05% 
290,320 
0.04% 
545,424 
0.07% 
05.2008 
770,134,619 
7,875,072 
1.02% 
3,375,991 
0.44% 
1,555,726 
0.20% 
2,525,013 
0.33% 
0.00 
1,224,014 
0.16% 
438,198 
0.06% 
256,012 
0.03% 
606,789 
0.08% 
06.2008 
797,504,100 
7,456,080 
0.93% 
3,673,655 
0.46% 
1,804,901 
0.23% 
2,396,966 
0.30% 
0.00 
694,042 
0.09% 
788,941 
0.10% 
319,508 
0.04% 
594,475 
0.07% 
07.2008 
822,627,595 
8,798,153 
1.07% 
3,823,353 
0.46% 
1,735,746 
0.21% 
2,374,825 
0.29% 
0.00 
723,443 
0.09% 
439,054 
0.05% 
528,731 
0.06% 
683,596 
0.08% 
08.2008 
842,711,927 
9,037,708 
1.07% 
4,623,933 
0.55% 
2,342,000 
0.28% 
2,553,193 
0.30% 
0.00 
1,045,471 
0.12% 
437,644 
0.05% 
312,529 
0.04% 
757,549 
0.09% 
09.2008 
898,738,642 
10,484,526 
1.17% 
5,882,221 
0.65% 
2,018,341 
0.22% 
2,675,764 
0.30% 
0.00 
1,118,921 
0.12% 
680,663 
0.08% 
222,803 
0.02% 
653,378 
0.07% 
10.2008 
922,195,889 
12,464,882 
1.35% 
5,759,761 
0.62% 
2,749,380 
0.30% 
2,794,163 
0.30% 
0.00 
1,229,078 
0.13% 
711,216 
0.08% 
321,593 
0.03% 
532,275 
0.06% 
11.2008 
937,142,086 
10,154,250 
1.08% 
6,483,347 
0.69% 
2,839,974 
0.30% 
3,478,120 
0.37% 
0.00 
1,508,535 
0.16% 
933,750 
0.10% 
406,743 
0.04% 
629,091 
0.07% 
12.2008 
948,053,158 
10,759,567 
1.13% 
5,308,192 
0.56% 
3,106,536 
0.33% 
4,186,247 
0.44% 
0.00 
1,754,578 
0.19% 
983,895 
0.10% 
739,411 
0.08% 
708,364 
0.07% 
01.2009 
965,579,422 
11,205,394 
1.16% 
7,284,418 
0.75% 
3,134,618 
0.32% 
4,874,065 
0.50% 
0.00 
1,928,067 
0.20% 
1,213,199 
0.13% 
830,336 
0.09% 
902,463 
0.09% 
02.2009 
978,053,764 
11,326,305 
1.16% 
7,208,565 
0.74% 
3,725,952 
0.38% 
4,896,604 
0.50% 
0.00 
1,743,892 
0.18% 
1,161,735 
0.12% 
805,370 
0.08% 
1,185,606 
0.12% 
03.2009 
1,043,681,962 
12,480,451 
1.20% 
5,719,235 
0.55% 
2,440,939 
0.23% 
4,761,758 
0.46% 
0.00 
1,705,704 
0.16% 
978,810 
0.09% 
698,510 
0.07% 
1,378,733 
0.13% 
04.2009 
1,077,990,633 
12,975,259 
1.20% 
6,024,591 
0.56% 
2,743,457 
0.25% 
4,371,608 
0.41% 
0.00 
1,175,413 
0.11% 
1,043,362 
0.10% 
654,345 
0.06% 
1,498,487 
0.14% 
05.2009 
1,103,667,512 
13,198,011 
1.20% 
5,312,238 
0.48% 
2,499,799 
0.23% 
4,576,658 
0.41% 
0.00 
1,604,719 
0.15% 
724,732 
0.07% 
755,355 
0.07% 
1,491,853 
0.14% 
06.2009 
1,131,175,789 
13,316,884 
1.18% 
4,992,429 
0.44% 
2,483,092 
0.22% 
4,520,636 
0.40% 
0.00 
1,407,292 
0.12% 
1,055,548 
0.09% 
533,000 
0.05% 
1,524,795 
0.13% 
07.2009 
1,153,466,335 
14,984,656 
1.30% 
4,660,474 
0.40% 
2,387,823 
0.21% 
4,298,166 
0.37% 
0.00 
1,031,956 
0.09% 
956,291 
0.08% 
679,910 
0.06% 
1,630,010 
0.14% 
08.2009 
1,171,171,990 
12,316,739 
1.05% 
5,845,171 
0.50% 
2,503,270 
0.21% 
4,337,569 
0.37% 
0.00 
1,558,978 
0.13% 
855,182 
0.07% 
514,348 
0.04% 
1,409,061 
0.12% 
09.2009 
1,224,408,589 
14,736,182 
1.20% 
5,971,344 
0.49% 
2,444,725 
0.20% 
4,448,647 
0.36% 
0.00 
1,509,158 
0.12% 
930,245 
0.08% 
653,742 
0.05% 
1,355,502 
0.11% 
10.2009 
1,249,227,377 
15,304,269 
1.23% 
5,184,326 
0.42% 
2,607,394 
0.21% 
3,906,738 
0.31% 
0.00 
1,164,153 
0.09% 
732,516 
0.06% 
696,675 
0.06% 
1,313,394 
0.11% 
11.2009 
1,264,730,042 
13,529,169 
1.07% 
5,737,301 
0.45% 
2,481,715 
0.20% 
3,733,199 
0.30% 
0.00 
1,239,146 
0.10% 
681,271 
0.05% 
449,620 
0.04% 
1,363,162 
0.11% 
12.2009 
1,287,167,677 
16,838,069 
1.31% 
5,730,824 
0.45% 
2,136,843 
0.17% 
3,937,215 
0.31% 
0.00 
1,384,867 
0.11% 
793,885 
0.06% 
467,222 
0.04% 
1,291,242 
0.10% 
01.2010 
1,302,861,801 
15,851,330 
1.22% 
6,757,050 
0.52% 
3,129,116 
0.24% 
3,771,830 
0.29% 
0.00 
1,369,624 
0.11% 
789,139 
0.06% 
457,010 
0.04% 
1,156,058 
0.09% 
02.2010 
1,311,141,739 
15,092,922 
1.15% 
7,107,243 
0.54% 
2,567,312 
0.20% 
3,554,111 
0.27% 
0.00 
1,214,373 
0.09% 
729,896 
0.06% 
432,103 
0.03% 
1,177,740 
0.09% 
03.2010 
1,381,484,114 
18,643,386 
1.35% 
6,614,990 
0.48% 
2,351,409 
0.17% 
3,398,076 
0.25% 
0.00 
987,416 
0.07% 
762,545 
0.06% 
498,445 
0.04% 
1,149,670 
0.08% 
04.2010 
1,418,475,249 
16,467,818 
1.16% 
7,216,161 
0.51% 
2,672,207 
0.19% 
3,908,129 
0.28% 
0.00 
1,390,415 
0.10% 
597,272 
0.04% 
544,762 
0.04% 
1,375,680 
0.10% 
05.2010 
1,458,542,989 
14,530,726 
1.00% 
5,814,837 
0.40% 
2,947,911 
0.20% 
4,300,254 
0.29% 
0.00 
1,601,694 
0.11% 
657,711 
0.05% 
463,111 
0.03% 
1,577,738 
0.11% 
06.2010 
1,492,285,776 
15,192,895 
1.02% 
5,329,527 
0.36% 
2,605,773 
0.17% 
4,291,175 
0.29% 
0.00 
1,360,169 
0.09% 
904,066 
0.06% 
467,110 
0.03% 
1,559,829 
0.10% 
07.2010 
1,515,232,972 
16,196,052 
1.07% 
5,605,244 
0.37% 
2,343,148 
0.15% 
4,342,872 
0.29% 
0.00 
1,495,132 
0.10% 
629,245 
0.04% 
532,447 
0.04% 
1,686,048 
0.11% 
08.2010 
1,531,814,136 
13,913,699 
0.91% 
6,168,800 
0.40% 
2,523,758 
0.16% 
4,225,455 
0.28% 
0.00 
1,248,396 
0.08% 
792,450 
0.05% 
434,483 
0.03% 
1,750,126 
0.11% 
09.2010 
1,605,716,052 
15,927,624 
0.99% 
6,197,813 
0.39% 
2,211,807 
0.14% 
4,307,627 
0.27% 
0.00 
1,234,903 
0.08% 
757,199 
0.05% 
556,961 
0.03% 
1,758,565 
0.11% 
10.2010 
1,654,398,569 
16,789,810 
1.01% 
5,369,211 
0.32% 
2,866,459 
0.17% 
4,546,522 
0.27% 
0.00 
1,275,838 
0.08% 
823,864 
0.05% 
531,138 
0.03% 
1,915,683 
0.12% 
11.2010 
1,698,614,457 
16,919,364 
1.00% 
5,181,311 
0.31% 
2,567,823 
0.15% 
4,283,747 
0.25% 
0.00 
1,189,754 
0.07% 
823,875 
0.05% 
499,817 
0.03% 
1,770,302 
0.10% 
12.2010 
1,725,975,154 
17,873,269 
1.04% 
5,836,770 
0.34% 
2,544,062 
0.15% 
4,814,712 
0.28% 
0.00 
1,504,447 
0.09% 
746,328 
0.04% 
572,345 
0.03% 
1,991,592 
0.12% 
01.2011 
1,742,064,226 
16,098,584 
0.92% 
6,712,105 
0.39% 
3,307,448 
0.19% 
5,352,382 
0.31% 
0.00 
1,757,398 
0.10% 
1,076,438 
0.06% 
487,929 
0.03% 
2,030,617 
0.12% 
02.2011 
1,747,600,657 
15,659,615 
0.90% 
6,470,398 
0.37% 
2,824,722 
0.16% 
5,251,703 
0.30% 
0.00 
1,537,345 
0.09% 
1,007,680 
0.06% 
782,139 
0.04% 
1,924,539 
0.11% 
03.2011 
1,859,258,887 
22,316,409 
1.20% 
6,978,052 
0.38% 
2,691,186 
0.14% 
4,129,579 
0.22% 
0.00 
1,137,583 
0.06% 
675,075 
0.04% 
543,417 
0.03% 
1,773,504 
0.10% 
04.2011 
1,900,192,317 
18,902,553 
0.99% 
7,128,119 
0.38% 
3,202,845 
0.17% 
4,527,266 
0.24% 
0.00 
1,174,235 
0.06% 
781,651 
0.04% 
552,308 
0.03% 
2,019,072 
0.11% 
05.2011 
1,948,117,311 
18,666,339 
0.96% 
6,043,627 
0.31% 
3,203,400 
0.16% 
5,060,148 
0.26% 
0.00 
2,018,355 
0.10% 
560,788 
0.03% 
599,168 
0.03% 
1,881,837 
0.10% 
06.2011 
1,996,536,191 
20,427,004 
1.02% 
6,215,292 
0.31% 
2,956,891 
0.15% 
4,795,317 
0.24% 
0.00 
1,601,532 
0.08% 
1,100,748 
0.06% 
365,315 
0.02% 
1,727,722 
0.09% 
07.2011 
2,030,351,274 
20,818,739 
1.03% 
6,242,011 
0.31% 
2,759,453 
0.14% 
5,678,189 
0.28% 
0.00 
1,888,421 
0.09% 
1,119,382 
0.06% 
849,590 
0.04% 
1,820,796 
0.09% 
08.2011 
2,055,602,030 
20,525,272 
1.00% 
6,004,277 
0.29% 
3,075,525 
0.15% 
5,231,494 
0.25% 
0.00 
1,415,623 
0.07% 
1,084,079 
0.05% 
773,025 
0.04% 
1,958,768 
0.10% 
09.2011 
2,145,212,950 
19,611,641 
0.91% 
6,293,693 
0.29% 
2,590,154 
0.12% 
5,072,747 
0.24% 
0.00 
1,577,147 
0.07% 
850,934 
0.04% 
652,316 
0.03% 
1,992,350 
0.09% 
10.2011 
2,179,103,501 
20,346,837 
0.93% 
5,559,341 
0.26% 
3,004,243 
0.14% 
4,937,046 
0.23% 
0.00 
1,546,540 
0.07% 
872,505 
0.04% 
538,715 
0.02% 
1,979,285 
0.09% 
11.2011 
2,213,664,561 
18,880,804 
0.85% 
6,689,255 
0.30% 
2,702,472 
0.12% 
4,716,633 
0.21% 
0.00 
1,543,475 
0.07% 
919,806 
0.04% 
487,395 
0.02% 
1,765,957 
0.08% 
12.2011 
2,241,078,074 
21,721,416 
0.97% 
6,167,067 
0.28% 
2,851,786 
0.13% 
4,865,197 
0.22% 
0.00 
1,524,435 
0.07% 
947,931 
0.04% 
612,358 
0.03% 
1,780,473 
0.08% 
01.2012 
2,269,625,156 
22,593,000 
1.00% 
6,848,435 
0.30% 
3,036,398 
0.13% 
5,000,815 
0.22% 
0.00 
1,686,824 
0.07% 
954,333 
0.04% 
615,877 
0.03% 
1,743,780 
0.08% 
02.2012 
2,281,081,599 
19,646,842 
0.86% 
6,862,441 
0.30% 
2,179,698 
0.10% 
4,433,367 
0.19% 
0.00 
1,404,074 
0.06% 
849,854 
0.04% 
476,406 
0.02% 
1,703,033 
0.07% 
03.2012 
2,446,695,248 
23,936,181 
0.98% 
7,042,632 
0.29% 
2,301,441 
0.09% 
3,908,030 
0.16% 
0.00 
1,234,209 
0.05% 
668,188 
0.03% 
531,711 
0.02% 
1,473,923 
0.06% 
04.2012 
2,516,487,654 
21,304,089 
0.85% 
7,751,371 
0.31% 
2,884,569 
0.11% 
3,866,176 
0.15% 
0.00 
1,365,308 
0.05% 
617,945 
0.02% 
509,243 
0.02% 
1,373,679 
0.05% 
05.2012 
2,597,451,744 
33,282,315 
1.28% 
8,213,901 
0.32% 
3,130,370 
0.12% 
4,425,240 
0.17% 
0.00 
1,926,880 
0.07% 
756,453 
0.03% 
341,212 
0.01% 
1,400,696 
0.05% 
06.2012 
2,665,390,721 
32,323,555 
1.21% 
8,660,751 
0.32% 
3,354,878 
0.13% 
4,624,827 
0.17% 
0.00 
1,703,940 
0.06% 
1,028,154 
0.04% 
531,393 
0.02% 
1,361,340 
0.05% 
07.2012 
2,721,980,868 
28,603,277 
1.05% 
8,053,894 
0.30% 
2,978,145 
0.11% 
4,731,730 
0.17% 
0.00 
1,791,593 
0.07% 
866,782 
0.03% 
707,062 
0.03% 
1,366,293 
0.05% 
08.2012 
2,759,103,378 
27,275,169 
0.99% 
8,510,086 
0.31% 
3,187,912 
0.12% 
4,606,092 
0.17% 
0.00 
1,785,925 
0.06% 
869,267 
0.03% 
498,144 
0.02% 
1,452,757 
0.05% 
09.2012 
2,921,406,611 
27,747,863 
0.95% 
9,188,372 
0.31% 
3,655,977 
0.13% 
4,573,981 
0.16% 
0.00 
1,550,294 
0.05% 
1,005,427 
0.03% 
599,068 
0.02% 
1,419,192 
0.05% 
10.2012 
2,989,643,891 
27,298,553 
0.91% 
7,823,786 
0.26% 
2,991,923 
0.10% 
4,114,114 
0.14% 
0.00 
1,685,711 
0.06% 
779,492 
0.03% 
491,044 
0.02% 
1,157,868 
0.04% 
11.2012 
3,039,002,245 
29,436,229 
0.97% 
7,869,958 
0.26% 
3,476,218 
0.11% 
3,450,998 
0.11% 
0.00 
1,069,496 
0.04% 
693,998 
0.02% 
393,629 
0.01% 
1,293,875 
0.04% 
12.2012 
3,062,230,257 
27,404,664 
0.89% 
9,490,709 
0.31% 
3,904,582 
0.13% 
4,404,870 
0.14% 
0.00 
1,699,453 
0.06% 
838,175 
0.03% 
493,684 
0.02% 
1,373,558 
0.04% 
01.2013 
3,087,441,471 
27,957,318 
0.91% 
10,027,753 
0.32% 
5,456,547 
0.18% 
5,037,441 
0.16% 
0.00 
1,983,770 
0.06% 
1,073,595 
0.03% 
408,050 
0.01% 
1,572,026 
0.05% 
02.2013 
3,102,976,882 
24,652,323 
0.79% 
9,992,875 
0.32% 
4,311,664 
0.14% 
5,706,688 
0.18% 
0.00 
2,673,069 
0.09% 
980,109 
0.03% 
554,253 
0.02% 
1,499,256 
0.05% 
03.2013 
3,293,173,810 
133,017,112 
4.04% 
10,531,081 
0.32% 
4,027,282 
0.12% 
6,513,435 
0.20% 
0.00 
2,579,873 
0.08% 
1,586,860 
0.05% 
625,863 
0.02% 
1,720,840 
0.05% 
04.2013 
3,365,573,362 
30,398,798 
0.90% 
10,805,547 
0.32% 
4,743,949 
0.14% 
6,136,012 
0.18% 
0.00 
1,942,256 
0.06% 
1,425,820 
0.04% 
1,090,959 
0.03% 
1,676,977 
0.05% 
05.2013 
3,432,005,094 
30,112,776 
0.88% 
9,537,910 
0.28% 
4,768,058 
0.14% 
6,699,319 
0.20% 
0.00 
2,683,681 
0.08% 
1,297,134 
0.04% 
884,874 
0.03% 
1,833,630 
0.05% 
06.2013 
3,527,584,772 
30,073,219 
0.85% 
11,044,296 
0.31% 
5,149,030 
0.15% 
6,397,472 
0.18% 
0.00 
2,488,390 
0.07% 
1,271,372 
0.04% 
726,380 
0.02% 
1,911,330 
0.05% 
07.2013 
3,605,782,726 
44,952,396 
1.25% 
13,490,315 
0.37% 
5,403,886 
0.15% 
7,014,515 
0.19% 
0.00 
2,741,683 
0.08% 
1,479,399 
0.04% 
752,386 
0.02% 
2,041,048 
0.06% 
08.2013 
3,696,272,636 
30,359,703 
0.82% 
15,005,414 
0.41% 
6,136,991 
0.17% 
7,879,664 
0.21% 
0.00 
2,831,211 
0.08% 
1,798,197 
0.05% 
943,505 
0.03% 
2,306,752 
0.06% 
09.2013 
3,940,197,253 
30,206,615 
0.77% 
13,759,522 
0.35% 
5,709,109 
0.14% 
8,413,338 
0.21% 
0.00 
3,232,574 
0.08% 
1,653,852 
0.04% 
1,206,753 
0.03% 
2,320,159 
0.06% 
10.2013 
4,044,449,464 
33,313,505 
0.82% 
10,916,011 
0.27% 
5,325,681 
0.13% 
7,952,324 
0.20% 
0.00 
2,880,075 
0.07% 
1,731,883 
0.04% 
922,551 
0.02% 
2,417,816 
0.06% 
11.2013 
4,137,173,105 
28,898,239 
0.70% 
11,669,021 
0.28% 
5,895,066 
0.14% 
8,536,450 
0.21% 
0.00 
2,740,973 
0.07% 
1,883,933 
0.05% 
1,416,862 
0.03% 
2,494,682 
0.06% 
12.2013 
4,216,712,564 
32,649,140 
0.77% 
10,983,918 
0.26% 
5,071,199 
0.12% 
9,392,006 
0.22% 
0.00 
3,405,649 
0.08% 
1,954,784 
0.05% 
1,228,749 
0.03% 
2,802,826 
0.07% 
01.2014 
4,297,312,057 
30,107,332 
0.70% 
11,484,366 
0.27% 
5,920,392 
0.14% 
9,663,578 
0.22% 
0.00 
3,078,494 
0.07% 
2,384,582 
0.06% 
1,321,142 
0.03% 
2,879,360 
0.07% 
02.2014 
4,375,503,705 
26,592,294 
0.61% 
10,550,014 
0.24% 
5,474,019 
0.13% 
8,703,232 
0.20% 
0.00 
2,687,696 
0.06% 
1,745,772 
0.04% 
1,256,174 
0.03% 
3,013,590 
0.07% 
03.2014 
4,670,478,783 
31,236,879 
0.67% 
9,709,327 
0.21% 
5,093,455 
0.11% 
7,880,769 
0.17% 
0.00 
2,090,679 
0.04% 
1,737,298 
0.04% 
1,144,575 
0.02% 
2,908,218 
0.06% 
04.2014 
4,775,183,276 
34,980,758 
0.73% 
11,694,180 
0.24% 
4,644,558 
0.10% 
8,799,048 
0.18% 
0.00 
2,790,139 
0.06% 
1,701,825 
0.04% 
1,327,860 
0.03% 
2,979,224 
0.06%

--- Page 166 ---
- 155 - 
 
 
 
Calendar Year/Month 
Principal 
Outstanding 
Delinquent 
balance 1-30  
dpd (£) 
1-30 
dpd (%) 
Delinquent 
balance 31-60  
dpd (£) 
31-60 
dpd (%) 
Delinquent 
balance 61-90  
dpd (£) 
61-90 
dpd (%) 
Delinquent 
balance 91+  
dpd (£) 
91+ 
dpd (%) 
Delinquent 
balance 91-120  
dpd (£) 
91-120 
dpd (%) 
Delinquent 
balance 121-
150 
dpd (£) 
121-
150 
dpd (%) 
Delinquent 
balance 151-
180  
dpd (£) 
151-
180 
dpd (%) 
Delinquent 
balance 180+  
dpd (£) 
180+ 
dpd (%) 
05.2014 
4,900,342,239 
31,505,612 
0.64% 
10,082,238 
0.21% 
5,329,190 
0.11% 
8,470,837 
0.17% 
0.00 
2,581,375 
0.05% 
1,688,432 
0.03% 
1,121,295 
0.02% 
3,079,734 
0.06% 
06.2014 
5,019,915,528 
30,140,170 
0.60% 
10,468,504 
0.21% 
5,304,403 
0.11% 
8,819,990 
0.18% 
0.00 
2,910,195 
0.06% 
1,640,288 
0.03% 
1,233,886 
0.02% 
3,035,622 
0.06% 
07.2014 
5,119,191,464 
33,562,182 
0.66% 
9,449,153 
0.18% 
4,843,080 
0.09% 
8,707,483 
0.17% 
0.00 
2,914,349 
0.06% 
1,761,780 
0.03% 
1,055,452 
0.02% 
2,975,902 
0.06% 
08.2014 
5,201,663,933 
29,095,702 
0.56% 
11,955,876 
0.23% 
5,608,797 
0.11% 
10,034,302 
0.19% 
0.00 
3,689,961 
0.07% 
1,975,218 
0.04% 
1,249,936 
0.02% 
3,119,186 
0.06% 
09.2014 
5,475,153,966 
33,570,473 
0.61% 
11,531,473 
0.21% 
5,629,540 
0.10% 
10,317,924 
0.19% 
0.00 
3,519,499 
0.06% 
2,520,873 
0.05% 
1,118,545 
0.02% 
3,159,007 
0.06% 
10.2014 
5,603,557,547 
36,796,677 
0.66% 
10,600,560 
0.19% 
5,574,295 
0.10% 
10,836,996 
0.19% 
0.00 
3,355,890 
0.06% 
2,596,509 
0.05% 
1,651,418 
0.03% 
3,233,179 
0.06% 
11.2014 
5,689,991,483 
28,929,463 
0.51% 
12,453,345 
0.22% 
6,301,509 
0.11% 
10,926,099 
0.19% 
0.00 
3,817,028 
0.07% 
2,231,995 
0.04% 
1,508,871 
0.03% 
3,368,204 
0.06% 
12.2014 
5,756,275,905 
35,877,687 
0.62% 
11,101,469 
0.19% 
6,007,204 
0.10% 
10,878,510 
0.19% 
0.00 
4,019,372 
0.07% 
2,359,569 
0.04% 
1,022,616 
0.02% 
3,476,953 
0.06% 
01.2015 
5,815,266,978 
32,858,816 
0.57% 
16,058,532 
0.28% 
6,826,467 
0.12% 
11,303,322 
0.19% 
0.00 
3,815,677 
0.07% 
2,686,083 
0.05% 
1,331,371 
0.02% 
3,470,191 
0.06% 
02.2015 
5,867,627,562 
30,101,625 
0.51% 
15,083,111 
0.26% 
6,610,122 
0.11% 
10,691,604 
0.18% 
0.00 
3,504,300 
0.06% 
2,103,224 
0.04% 
1,470,284 
0.03% 
3,613,797 
0.06% 
03.2015 
6,155,055,588 
40,854,847 
0.66% 
14,079,895 
0.23% 
6,619,167 
0.11% 
10,615,965 
0.17% 
0.00 
4,072,994 
0.07% 
2,201,180 
0.04% 
1,205,699 
0.02% 
3,136,093 
0.05% 
04.2015 
6,258,633,670 
25,742,366 
0.41% 
13,436,579 
0.21% 
6,203,179 
0.10% 
10,696,625 
0.17% 
0.00 
3,919,890 
0.06% 
2,532,853 
0.04% 
1,362,117 
0.02% 
2,881,765 
0.05% 
05.2015 
6,374,981,864 
35,449,194 
0.56% 
11,982,102 
0.19% 
6,649,118 
0.10% 
12,699,550 
0.20% 
0.00 
5,151,905 
0.08% 
2,481,717 
0.04% 
1,987,836 
0.03% 
3,078,091 
0.05% 
06.2015 
6,510,105,094 
52,556,058 
0.81% 
13,803,917 
0.21% 
6,617,276 
0.10% 
11,983,737 
0.18% 
0.00 
4,192,219 
0.06% 
3,056,447 
0.05% 
1,499,662 
0.02% 
3,235,410 
0.05% 
07.2015 
6,641,197,992 
48,531,481 
0.73% 
11,905,650 
0.18% 
7,438,748 
0.11% 
12,527,851 
0.19% 
0.00 
4,598,382 
0.07% 
2,876,256 
0.04% 
1,792,512 
0.03% 
3,260,701 
0.05% 
08.2015 
6,753,092,833 
33,105,204 
0.49% 
16,425,456 
0.24% 
6,736,924 
0.10% 
14,544,785 
0.22% 
0.00 
5,138,828 
0.08% 
3,650,889 
0.05% 
2,075,863 
0.03% 
3,679,204 
0.05% 
09.2015 
7,099,509,038 
36,686,249 
0.52% 
15,585,651 
0.22% 
7,148,837 
0.10% 
14,984,302 
0.21% 
0.00 
4,864,692 
0.07% 
3,682,567 
0.05% 
2,535,134 
0.04% 
3,901,908 
0.05% 
10.2015 
7,228,978,921 
37,833,262 
0.52% 
13,211,810 
0.18% 
6,290,869 
0.09% 
16,708,450 
0.23% 
0.00 
5,354,398 
0.07% 
3,285,182 
0.05% 
2,997,716 
0.04% 
5,071,155 
0.07% 
11.2015 
7,203,478,425 
34,248,190 
0.48% 
14,994,231 
0.21% 
7,103,059 
0.10% 
16,497,794 
0.23% 
0.00 
4,495,438 
0.06% 
3,830,361 
0.05% 
2,781,143 
0.04% 
5,390,852 
0.07% 
12.2015 
7,448,950,969 
41,233,356 
0.55% 
13,030,180 
0.17% 
6,641,726 
0.09% 
17,269,677 
0.23% 
0.00 
5,087,549 
0.07% 
3,615,484 
0.05% 
2,516,954 
0.03% 
6,049,690 
0.08% 
01.2016 
7,549,594,461 
37,145,170 
0.49% 
17,086,928 
0.23% 
7,583,266 
0.10% 
16,540,271 
0.22% 
0.00 
4,757,992 
0.06% 
3,806,793 
0.05% 
2,371,684 
0.03% 
5,603,802 
0.07% 
02.2016 
7,632,586,378 
37,011,293 
0.48% 
16,319,589 
0.21% 
7,939,501 
0.10% 
16,715,794 
0.22% 
0.00 
5,190,099 
0.07% 
3,067,521 
0.04% 
2,831,186 
0.04% 
5,626,988 
0.07% 
03.2016 
8,052,509,325 
49,157,088 
0.61% 
15,910,237 
0.20% 
6,488,395 
0.08% 
15,064,025 
0.19% 
0.00 
4,878,815 
0.06% 
2,850,920 
0.04% 
1,831,447 
0.02% 
5,502,844 
0.07% 
04.2016 
8,172,237,300 
39,549,123 
0.48% 
18,133,799 
0.22% 
7,147,755 
0.09% 
13,872,591 
0.17% 
0.00 
4,592,407 
0.06% 
3,051,649 
0.04% 
1,681,460 
0.02% 
4,547,076 
0.06% 
05.2016 
8,292,196,758 
43,293,660 
0.52% 
13,459,228 
0.16% 
8,177,592 
0.10% 
13,908,889 
0.17% 
0.00 
4,849,219 
0.06% 
2,823,829 
0.03% 
2,061,929 
0.02% 
4,173,912 
0.05% 
06.2016 
8,390,871,386 
46,433,706 
0.55% 
17,197,525 
0.20% 
6,969,990 
0.08% 
10,111,481 
0.12% 
0.00 
3,777,665 
0.05% 
1,880,883 
0.02% 
1,089,137 
0.01% 
3,363,797 
0.04% 
07.2016 
8,473,068,754 
47,083,790 
0.56% 
15,038,694 
0.18% 
6,815,903 
0.08% 
10,495,177 
0.12% 
0.00 
3,526,543 
0.04% 
2,238,239 
0.03% 
1,147,824 
0.01% 
3,582,571 
0.04% 
08.2016 
8,520,329,864 
50,771,106 
0.60% 
19,739,226 
0.23% 
8,010,844 
0.09% 
11,187,263 
0.13% 
0.00 
4,073,018 
0.05% 
2,057,217 
0.02% 
1,362,754 
0.02% 
3,694,274 
0.04% 
09.2016 
8,857,424,508 
49,604,866 
0.56% 
22,431,011 
0.25% 
7,410,076 
0.08% 
9,877,358 
0.11% 
0.00 
3,448,544 
0.04% 
1,769,854 
0.02% 
1,016,565 
0.01% 
3,642,396 
0.04% 
10.2016 
8,973,894,169 
52,479,895 
0.58% 
19,396,580 
0.22% 
7,974,764 
0.09% 
11,070,181 
0.12% 
0.00 
4,458,138 
0.05% 
1,795,402 
0.02% 
1,341,877 
0.01% 
3,474,763 
0.04% 
11.2016 
9,062,510,294 
48,403,556 
0.53% 
21,756,838 
0.24% 
9,126,718 
0.10% 
11,002,211 
0.12% 
0.00 
4,150,811 
0.05% 
2,216,884 
0.02% 
1,220,294 
0.01% 
3,414,222 
0.04% 
12.2016 
9,130,509,821 
48,525,534 
0.53% 
18,631,256 
0.20% 
9,189,188 
0.10% 
13,397,325 
0.15% 
0.00 
5,664,621 
0.06% 
2,600,432 
0.03% 
1,546,442 
0.02% 
3,585,829 
0.04% 
01.2017 
9,204,619,163 
58,814,438 
0.64% 
22,919,546 
0.25% 
9,126,630 
0.10% 
14,819,346 
0.16% 
0.00 
5,940,560 
0.06% 
3,376,240 
0.04% 
1,570,120 
0.02% 
3,932,425 
0.04% 
02.2017 
9,240,810,404 
50,822,225 
0.55% 
24,680,851 
0.27% 
9,381,226 
0.10% 
12,956,198 
0.14% 
0.00 
4,859,884 
0.05% 
2,616,096 
0.03% 
1,657,783 
0.02% 
3,822,435 
0.04% 
03.2017 
9,631,944,344 
61,609,342 
0.64% 
23,275,132 
0.24% 
8,684,451 
0.09% 
12,595,056 
0.13% 
0.00 
4,527,498 
0.05% 
2,472,905 
0.03% 
1,354,706 
0.01% 
4,239,947 
0.04% 
04.2017 
9,676,489,783 
48,088,524 
0.50% 
27,663,281 
0.29% 
9,923,505 
0.10% 
13,736,061 
0.14% 
0.00 
4,450,960 
0.05% 
3,102,608 
0.03% 
1,767,670 
0.02% 
4,414,823 
0.05% 
05.2017 
9,782,567,280 
64,684,136 
0.66% 
23,334,059 
0.24% 
10,307,361 
0.11% 
16,744,267 
0.17% 
0.00 
6,434,900 
0.07% 
3,162,297 
0.03% 
2,172,369 
0.02% 
4,974,702 
0.05% 
06.2017 
9,905,404,134 
55,903,666 
0.56% 
25,371,726 
0.26% 
10,376,206 
0.10% 
15,836,332 
0.16% 
0.00 
5,448,245 
0.06% 
3,306,345 
0.03% 
1,867,429 
0.02% 
5,214,314 
0.05% 
07.2017 
9,973,377,230 
60,951,585 
0.61% 
24,025,253 
0.24% 
10,738,324 
0.11% 
15,672,095 
0.16% 
0.00 
6,068,922 
0.06% 
2,566,194 
0.03% 
1,972,255 
0.02% 
5,064,723 
0.05% 
08.2017 
10,017,228,537 
55,537,068 
0.55% 
26,133,188 
0.26% 
11,666,181 
0.12% 
13,975,972 
0.14% 
0.00 
5,222,755 
0.05% 
2,623,890 
0.03% 
1,372,056 
0.01% 
4,757,270 
0.05% 
09.2017 
10,343,779,512 
56,395,522 
0.55% 
30,256,336 
0.29% 
10,504,901 
0.10% 
14,129,270 
0.14% 
0.00 
5,436,655 
0.05% 
2,500,529 
0.02% 
1,617,326 
0.02% 
4,574,761 
0.04% 
10.2017 
10,430,584,034 
83,347,292 
0.80% 
28,199,538 
0.27% 
11,560,157 
0.11% 
13,904,891 
0.13% 
0.00 
5,112,050 
0.05% 
2,912,608 
0.03% 
1,318,731 
0.01% 
4,561,502 
0.04% 
11.2017 
10,513,965,279 
71,854,015 
0.68% 
33,591,736 
0.32% 
13,081,603 
0.12% 
15,346,910 
0.15% 
0.00 
5,616,494 
0.05% 
2,996,118 
0.03% 
2,034,228 
0.02% 
4,700,070 
0.04% 
12.2017 
10,541,661,070 
67,991,576 
0.64% 
32,169,544 
0.31% 
13,290,756 
0.13% 
18,461,949 
0.18% 
0.00 
6,698,919 
0.06% 
4,000,741 
0.04% 
2,118,461 
0.02% 
5,643,828 
0.05% 
01.2018 
10,598,982,940 
77,421,200 
0.73% 
38,768,503 
0.37% 
15,190,522 
0.14% 
17,459,245 
0.16% 
0.00 
6,303,090 
0.06% 
3,688,704 
0.03% 
1,931,120 
0.02% 
5,536,330 
0.05% 
02.2018 
10,618,369,617 
62,163,975 
0.59% 
43,862,154 
0.41% 
15,270,714 
0.14% 
19,012,455 
0.18% 
0.00 
6,661,646 
0.06% 
4,048,990 
0.04% 
2,439,012 
0.02% 
5,862,807 
0.06% 
03.2018 
10,983,388,341 
69,537,737 
0.63% 
39,431,497 
0.36% 
15,032,527 
0.14% 
20,264,903 
0.18% 
0.00 
6,957,572 
0.06% 
4,148,773 
0.04% 
2,762,249 
0.03% 
6,396,309 
0.06% 
04.2018 
11,061,641,390 
72,450,760 
0.65% 
42,934,612 
0.39% 
13,934,628 
0.13% 
18,413,760 
0.17% 
0.00 
5,378,717 
0.05% 
3,753,859 
0.03% 
2,356,224 
0.02% 
6,924,960 
0.06% 
05.2018 
11,147,758,699 
84,170,846 
0.76% 
37,796,568 
0.34% 
13,307,279 
0.12% 
19,784,590 
0.18% 
0.00 
6,092,778 
0.05% 
3,285,394 
0.03% 
2,847,853 
0.03% 
7,558,565 
0.07% 
06.2018 
11,292,435,930 
69,570,797 
0.62% 
43,293,487 
0.38% 
14,256,171 
0.13% 
19,255,820 
0.17% 
0.00 
5,700,597 
0.05% 
3,720,023 
0.03% 
2,164,041 
0.02% 
7,671,158 
0.07% 
07.2018 
11,355,222,808 
95,582,033 
0.84% 
38,582,958 
0.34% 
15,177,148 
0.13% 
20,020,378 
0.18% 
0.00 
6,484,307 
0.06% 
3,795,676 
0.03% 
2,482,217 
0.02% 
7,258,178 
0.06% 
08.2018 
11,350,054,298 
85,986,081 
0.76% 
42,783,959 
0.38% 
15,724,421 
0.14% 
18,979,068 
0.17% 
0.00 
6,366,866 
0.06% 
3,211,245 
0.03% 
2,209,825 
0.02% 
7,191,130 
0.06% 
09.2018 
11,427,217,346 
69,388,294 
0.61% 
45,905,159 
0.40% 
13,673,783 
0.12% 
15,778,226 
0.14% 
0.00 
4,841,294 
0.04% 
1,984,675 
0.02% 
1,643,647 
0.01% 
7,308,609 
0.06% 
10.2018 
11,432,838,317 
88,655,315 
0.78% 
41,946,403 
0.37% 
12,882,279 
0.11% 
15,451,856 
0.14% 
0.00 
4,112,685 
0.04% 
2,570,747 
0.02% 
1,333,238 
0.01% 
7,435,186 
0.07% 
11.2018 
11,443,560,838 
73,769,137 
0.64% 
53,948,070 
0.47% 
16,373,755 
0.14% 
16,555,341 
0.14% 
0.00 
5,016,715 
0.04% 
1,956,468 
0.02% 
1,816,330 
0.02% 
7,765,829 
0.07% 
12.2018 
11,420,409,941 
77,919,517 
0.68% 
40,545,581 
0.36% 
15,416,840 
0.13% 
17,519,151 
0.15% 
0.00 
6,190,544 
0.05% 
1,840,529 
0.02% 
1,423,501 
0.01% 
8,064,577 
0.07% 
01.2019 
11,457,632,688 
83,171,064 
0.73% 
48,101,645 
0.42% 
16,118,817 
0.14% 
18,432,579 
0.16% 
0.00 
6,756,241 
0.06% 
2,722,389 
0.02% 
1,242,168 
0.01% 
7,711,781 
0.07% 
02.2019 
11,461,560,653 
70,831,443 
0.62% 
49,010,153 
0.43% 
16,047,612 
0.14% 
18,159,293 
0.16% 
0.00 
5,761,997 
0.05% 
3,039,614 
0.03% 
2,060,472 
0.02% 
7,297,209 
0.06% 
03.2019 
11,745,850,974 
73,062,342 
0.62% 
42,388,133 
0.36% 
11,628,330 
0.10% 
14,490,509 
0.12% 
0.00 
3,779,446 
0.03% 
2,011,507 
0.02% 
1,697,491 
0.01% 
7,002,064 
0.06% 
04.2019 
11,826,058,981 
89,878,644 
0.76% 
45,800,646 
0.39% 
12,505,759 
0.11% 
14,405,466 
0.12% 
0.00 
4,488,541 
0.04% 
1,505,574 
0.01% 
1,195,233 
0.01% 
7,216,117 
0.06% 
05.2019 
11,911,676,857 
110,864,905 
0.93% 
43,519,144 
0.37% 
12,565,210 
0.11% 
14,446,212 
0.12% 
0.00 
4,035,302 
0.03% 
2,141,533 
0.02% 
958,936 
0.01% 
7,310,441 
0.06% 
06.2019 
11,983,297,951 
76,140,912 
0.64% 
48,603,218 
0.41% 
15,081,279 
0.13% 
14,318,789 
0.12% 
0.00 
3,656,737 
0.03% 
1,716,273 
0.01% 
1,652,169 
0.01% 
7,293,610 
0.06% 
07.2019 
11,994,342,473 
94,028,108 
0.78% 
41,379,700 
0.34% 
13,818,529 
0.12% 
15,435,778 
0.13% 
0.00 
4,841,857 
0.04% 
1,892,958 
0.02% 
1,328,881 
0.01% 
7,372,082 
0.06% 
08.2019 
11,987,121,654 
75,444,358 
0.63% 
45,295,015 
0.38% 
14,436,157 
0.12% 
15,051,626 
0.13% 
0.00 
4,060,354 
0.03% 
1,960,931 
0.02% 
1,380,501 
0.01% 
7,649,841 
0.06% 
09.2019 
12,151,916,043 
72,461,196 
0.60% 
45,142,728 
0.37% 
15,177,711 
0.12% 
13,317,132 
0.11% 
0.00 
4,435,054 
0.04% 
1,766,267 
0.01% 
1,434,686 
0.01% 
5,681,124 
0.05% 
10.2019 
12,190,542,072 
105,193,830 
0.86% 
37,983,969 
0.31% 
13,317,435 
0.11% 
13,032,574 
0.11% 
0.00 
4,742,505 
0.04% 
1,571,180 
0.01% 
1,237,166 
0.01% 
5,481,723 
0.04% 
11.2019 
12,238,160,961 
69,410,001 
0.57% 
42,530,676 
0.35% 
13,484,355 
0.11% 
11,309,578 
0.09% 
0.00 
3,467,560 
0.03% 
1,757,750 
0.01% 
1,235,805 
0.01% 
4,848,462 
0.04% 
12.2019 
12,266,147,819 
79,547,405 
0.65% 
39,134,307 
0.32% 
14,835,657 
0.12% 
12,092,949 
0.10% 
0.00 
5,098,283 
0.04% 
1,673,002 
0.01% 
1,200,888 
0.01% 
4,120,776 
0.03% 
01.2020 
12,326,682,741 
86,232,835 
0.70% 
44,985,317 
0.36% 
16,580,231 
0.13% 
12,429,434 
0.10% 
0.00 
4,915,215 
0.04% 
2,280,544 
0.02% 
1,314,557 
0.01% 
3,919,118 
0.03% 
02.2020 
12,331,649,648 
65,835,734 
0.53% 
46,341,122 
0.38% 
15,642,199 
0.13% 
12,091,504 
0.10% 
0.00 
4,175,131 
0.03% 
2,189,670 
0.02% 
1,560,849 
0.01% 
4,165,853 
0.03% 
03.2020 
12,456,638,837 
136,830,370 
1.10% 
46,068,209 
0.37% 
14,018,050 
0.11% 
13,450,975 
0.11% 
0.00 
5,467,630 
0.04% 
2,083,099 
0.02% 
1,760,748 
0.01% 
4,139,497 
0.03% 
04.2020 
12,177,564,081 
190,407,309 
1.56% 
86,486,491 
0.71% 
19,802,764 
0.16% 
18,871,245 
0.15% 
0.00 
7,898,803 
0.06% 
4,331,944 
0.04% 
1,812,231 
0.01% 
4,828,267 
0.04% 
05.2020 
11,992,932,991 
183,455,798 
1.53% 
120,619,303 
1.01% 
49,473,957 
0.41% 
28,952,682 
0.24% 
0.00 
13,181,808 
0.11% 
6,411,711 
0.05% 
3,633,161 
0.03% 
5,726,003 
0.05% 
06.2020 
12,098,699,696 
97,619,519 
0.81% 
63,382,974 
0.52% 
81,088,163 
0.67% 
51,316,325 
0.42% 
0.00 
27,920,567 
0.23% 
10,255,579 
0.08% 
5,155,612 
0.04% 
7,984,568 
0.07%

--- Page 167 ---
- 156 - 
 
 
 
Calendar Year/Month 
Principal 
Outstanding 
Delinquent 
balance 1-30  
dpd (£) 
1-30 
dpd (%) 
Delinquent 
balance 31-60  
dpd (£) 
31-60 
dpd (%) 
Delinquent 
balance 61-90  
dpd (£) 
61-90 
dpd (%) 
Delinquent 
balance 91+  
dpd (£) 
91+ 
dpd (%) 
Delinquent 
balance 91-120  
dpd (£) 
91-120 
dpd (%) 
Delinquent 
balance 121-
150 
dpd (£) 
121-
150 
dpd (%) 
Delinquent 
balance 151-
180  
dpd (£) 
151-
180 
dpd (%) 
Delinquent 
balance 180+  
dpd (£) 
180+ 
dpd (%) 
07.2020 
12,260,564,054 
86,363,665 
0.70% 
50,332,043 
0.41% 
44,940,494 
0.37% 
86,304,945 
0.70% 
0.00 
45,526,111 
0.37% 
22,270,009 
0.18% 
6,857,389 
0.06% 
11,651,435 
0.10% 
08.2020 
12,277,513,853 
88,249,271 
0.72% 
47,034,039 
0.38% 
33,726,953 
0.27% 
87,752,018 
0.71% 
0.00 
28,239,056 
0.23% 
29,556,755 
0.24% 
17,158,067 
0.14% 
12,798,140 
0.10% 
09.2020 
12,528,947,356 
84,864,507 
0.68% 
61,913,021 
0.49% 
29,429,883 
0.23% 
84,129,199 
0.67% 
0.00 
22,414,533 
0.18% 
17,473,597 
0.14% 
20,735,911 
0.17% 
23,505,159 
0.19% 
10.2020 
12,495,146,532 
85,300,831 
0.68% 
45,721,185 
0.37% 
34,254,670 
0.27% 
79,690,022 
0.64% 
0.00 
20,883,700 
0.17% 
13,033,875 
0.10% 
11,171,182 
0.09% 
34,601,264 
0.28% 
11.2020 
12,435,438,856 
70,723,251 
0.57% 
49,313,805 
0.40% 
33,935,825 
0.27% 
76,753,278 
0.62% 
0.00 
21,578,677 
0.17% 
11,422,880 
0.09% 
8,576,216 
0.07% 
35,175,506 
0.28% 
12.2020 
12,410,273,200 
86,226,706 
0.69% 
45,153,144 
0.36% 
32,379,948 
0.26% 
76,112,049 
0.61% 
0.00 
20,598,300 
0.17% 
12,952,649 
0.10% 
7,592,556 
0.06% 
34,968,544 
0.28% 
01.2021 
12,296,898,959 
72,123,478 
0.59% 
46,784,199 
0.38% 
33,357,990 
0.27% 
76,699,173 
0.62% 
0.00 
20,346,922 
0.17% 
11,488,146 
0.09% 
9,857,341 
0.08% 
35,006,764 
0.28% 
02.2021 
12,158,299,970 
62,638,345 
0.52% 
45,387,411 
0.37% 
32,234,050 
0.27% 
69,052,400 
0.57% 
0.00 
17,804,710 
0.15% 
10,427,956 
0.09% 
7,882,381 
0.06% 
32,937,353 
0.27% 
03.2021 
12,235,679,101 
77,515,513 
0.63% 
45,739,999 
0.37% 
28,900,538 
0.24% 
62,227,008 
0.51% 
0.00 
15,146,230 
0.12% 
10,081,482 
0.08% 
6,743,932 
0.06% 
30,255,363 
0.25% 
04.2021 
12,203,476,562 
74,617,738 
0.61% 
43,948,182 
0.36% 
28,062,637 
0.23% 
57,579,742 
0.47% 
0.00 
14,352,365 
0.12% 
9,113,036 
0.07% 
7,157,829 
0.06% 
26,956,511 
0.22% 
05.2021 
12,240,734,001 
70,638,688 
0.58% 
39,005,372 
0.32% 
25,950,902 
0.21% 
58,233,087 
0.48% 
0.00 
16,842,650 
0.14% 
8,883,343 
0.07% 
5,781,850 
0.05% 
26,725,245 
0.22% 
06.2021 
12,253,274,856 
73,753,000 
0.60% 
43,144,193 
0.35% 
24,780,380 
0.20% 
52,481,750 
0.43% 
0.00 
13,710,756 
0.11% 
8,839,766 
0.07% 
6,412,048 
0.05% 
23,519,181 
0.19% 
07.2021 
12,222,540,691 
80,552,057 
0.66% 
41,166,813 
0.34% 
22,593,503 
0.18% 
45,119,195 
0.37% 
0.00 
13,351,234 
0.11% 
7,180,414 
0.06% 
5,208,286 
0.04% 
19,379,261 
0.16% 
08.2021 
12,159,443,257 
71,628,681 
0.59% 
44,713,007 
0.37% 
25,466,653 
0.21% 
40,870,334 
0.34% 
0.00 
11,776,631 
0.10% 
6,976,481 
0.06% 
4,685,502 
0.04% 
17,431,721 
0.14% 
09.2021 
12,189,411,545 
77,368,766 
0.63% 
45,587,344 
0.37% 
23,290,799 
0.19% 
36,558,506 
0.30% 
0.00 
11,523,066 
0.09% 
5,403,463 
0.04% 
3,958,719 
0.03% 
15,673,258 
0.13% 
10.2021 
12,096,236,866 
78,570,225 
0.65% 
38,045,803 
0.31% 
22,057,073 
0.18% 
32,650,784 
0.27% 
0.00 
10,296,386 
0.09% 
5,240,534 
0.04% 
3,778,487 
0.03% 
13,335,378 
0.11% 
11.2021 
12,050,712,293 
85,784,336 
0.71% 
43,542,098 
0.36% 
21,448,382 
0.18% 
30,851,998 
0.26% 
0.00 
9,827,549 
0.08% 
4,931,628 
0.04% 
3,377,552 
0.03% 
12,715,269 
0.11% 
12.2021 
12,014,263,068 
90,548,961 
0.75% 
41,247,891 
0.34% 
20,743,526 
0.17% 
29,639,011 
0.25% 
0.00 
9,162,150 
0.08% 
4,867,694 
0.04% 
3,017,925 
0.03% 
12,591,242 
0.10% 
01.2022 
12,014,427,755 
79,075,417 
0.66% 
44,022,158 
0.37% 
21,126,936 
0.18% 
29,427,569 
0.24% 
0.00 
10,438,463 
0.09% 
4,763,035 
0.04% 
2,725,637 
0.02% 
11,500,435 
0.10% 
02.2022 
11,891,808,191 
62,865,525 
0.53% 
43,472,368 
0.37% 
18,040,133 
0.15% 
23,283,074 
0.20% 
0.00 
6,447,093 
0.05% 
4,304,432 
0.04% 
2,315,493 
0.02% 
10,216,057 
0.09% 
03.2022 
12,001,376,079 
90,760,946 
0.76% 
40,090,775 
0.33% 
15,529,650 
0.13% 
21,418,872 
0.18% 
0.00 
6,137,607 
0.05% 
3,358,551 
0.03% 
2,402,241 
0.02% 
9,520,473 
0.08% 
04.2022 
11,986,962,621 
73,081,809 
0.61% 
41,707,876 
0.35% 
15,419,894 
0.13% 
20,344,207 
0.17% 
0.00 
5,554,307 
0.05% 
3,470,414 
0.03% 
2,191,852 
0.02% 
9,127,633 
0.08% 
05.2022 
12,038,705,721 
98,481,840 
0.82% 
38,343,139 
0.32% 
14,803,746 
0.12% 
20,200,596 
0.17% 
0.00 
6,135,188 
0.05% 
3,201,345 
0.03% 
1,755,594 
0.01% 
9,108,468 
0.08% 
06.2022 
12,103,304,915 
83,260,852 
0.69% 
41,544,664 
0.34% 
15,521,223 
0.13% 
18,425,590 
0.15% 
0.00 
5,233,369 
0.04% 
2,631,234 
0.02% 
1,740,347 
0.01% 
8,820,639 
0.07% 
07.2022 
12,148,977,401 
81,484,752 
0.67% 
34,014,443 
0.28% 
15,432,129 
0.13% 
19,361,501 
0.16% 
0.00 
6,154,213 
0.05% 
3,397,057 
0.03% 
1,577,710 
0.01% 
8,232,522 
0.07% 
08.2022 
12,166,126,863 
92,929,786 
0.76% 
39,729,179 
0.33% 
15,510,532 
0.13% 
19,364,051 
0.16% 
0.00 
6,133,515 
0.05% 
3,569,510 
0.03% 
1,986,693 
0.02% 
7,674,333 
0.06% 
09.2022 
12,321,061,541 
75,914,377 
0.62% 
42,810,632 
0.35% 
14,748,360 
0.12% 
20,949,822 
0.17% 
0.00 
7,304,341 
0.06% 
3,756,245 
0.03% 
2,299,444 
0.02% 
7,589,791 
0.06% 
10.2022 
12,369,664,312 
83,275,466 
0.67% 
33,153,406 
0.27% 
15,305,344 
0.12% 
23,276,910 
0.19% 
0.00 
7,813,593 
0.06% 
4,422,505 
0.04% 
2,772,840 
0.02% 
8,267,973 
0.07% 
11.2022 
12,376,578,576 
82,609,137 
0.67% 
40,021,159 
0.32% 
15,327,428 
0.12% 
24,577,035 
0.20% 
0.00 
7,910,738 
0.06% 
4,426,368 
0.04% 
3,335,456 
0.03% 
8,904,473 
0.07% 
12.2022 
12,381,324,222 
85,949,803 
0.69% 
40,790,140 
0.33% 
16,713,574 
0.13% 
27,138,914 
0.22% 
0.00 
7,858,982 
0.06% 
5,421,474 
0.04% 
3,497,978 
0.03% 
10,360,480 
0.08% 
01.2023 
12,438,586,618 
85,673,613 
0.69% 
43,789,425 
0.35% 
20,314,566 
0.16% 
30,858,285 
0.25% 
0.00 
9,390,562 
0.08% 
5,441,859 
0.04% 
4,294,025 
0.03% 
11,731,839 
0.09% 
02.2023 
12,413,031,653 
77,895,062 
0.63% 
49,240,180 
0.40% 
18,749,947 
0.15% 
32,227,444 
0.26% 
0.00 
9,787,616 
0.08% 
5,694,121 
0.05% 
3,885,527 
0.03% 
12,860,181 
0.10% 
03.2023 
12,549,955,923 
82,147,102 
0.65% 
43,063,793 
0.34% 
19,686,855 
0.16% 
33,212,220 
0.26% 
0.00 
8,496,451 
0.07% 
5,997,047 
0.05% 
4,130,733 
0.03% 
14,587,989 
0.12% 
04.2023 
12,658,827,048 
80,497,968 
0.64% 
47,407,457 
0.37% 
18,234,982 
0.14% 
37,858,360 
0.30% 
0.00 
10,928,909 
0.09% 
5,638,725 
0.04% 
5,205,535 
0.04% 
16,085,191 
0.13% 
05.2023 
12,740,440,871 
83,984,672 
0.66% 
39,349,419 
0.31% 
19,299,726 
0.15% 
41,316,352 
0.32% 
0.00 
11,466,712 
0.09% 
7,423,012 
0.06% 
4,576,659 
0.04% 
17,849,970 
0.14% 
06.2023 
12,881,356,284 
88,822,278 
0.69% 
44,948,113 
0.35% 
21,101,523 
0.16% 
41,131,949 
0.32% 
0.00 
10,109,444 
0.08% 
6,842,002 
0.05% 
5,925,392 
0.05% 
18,255,112 
0.14% 
 
 
New PCP 
 
Calendar Year/Month 
Principal 
Outstanding 
Delinquent 
balance 1-30  
dpd (£) 
1-30 
dpd (%) 
Delinquent 
balance 31-60  
dpd (£) 
31-60 
dpd (%) 
Delinquent 
balance 61-90  
dpd (£) 
61-90 
dpd (%) 
Delinquent 
balance 91+  
dpd (£) 
91+ 
dpd (%) 
Delinquent 
balance 91-120  
dpd (£) 
91-120 
dpd (%) 
Delinquent 
balance 121-
150 
dpd (£) 
121-
150 
dpd (%) 
Delinquent 
balance 151-
180  
dpd (£) 
151-
180 
dpd (%) 
Delinquent 
balance 180+  
dpd (£) 
180+ 
dpd (%) 
06.2007 
431,296,064 
3,372,008 
0.78% 
1,932,613 
0.45% 
679,303 
0.16% 
890,416 
0.21% 
0.00 
293,991 
0.07% 
290,326 
0.07% 
109,714 
0.03% 
196,385 
0.05% 
07.2007 
444,218,318 
5,306,656 
1.19% 
2,115,170 
0.48% 
817,011 
0.18% 
911,519 
0.21% 
0.00 
392,390 
0.09% 
114,935 
0.03% 
148,874 
0.03% 
255,320 
0.06% 
08.2007 
450,486,977 
4,589,242 
1.02% 
2,281,901 
0.51% 
1,254,160 
0.28% 
1,128,427 
0.25% 
0.00 
534,289 
0.12% 
209,055 
0.05% 
61,159 
0.01% 
323,924 
0.07% 
09.2007 
487,154,160 
7,204,963 
1.48% 
2,098,845 
0.43% 
1,069,955 
0.22% 
1,120,685 
0.23% 
0.00 
566,522 
0.12% 
233,930 
0.05% 
104,558 
0.02% 
215,676 
0.04% 
10.2007 
499,549,233 
5,193,213 
1.04% 
1,944,334 
0.39% 
976,560 
0.20% 
1,129,552 
0.23% 
0.00 
499,602 
0.10% 
226,391 
0.05% 
142,988 
0.03% 
260,571 
0.05% 
11.2007 
506,924,329 
4,588,992 
0.91% 
2,337,410 
0.46% 
1,112,640 
0.22% 
1,011,225 
0.20% 
0.00 
403,791 
0.08% 
208,110 
0.04% 
135,877 
0.03% 
263,447 
0.05% 
12.2007 
512,187,649 
5,344,328 
1.04% 
2,072,347 
0.40% 
1,176,477 
0.23% 
1,335,634 
0.26% 
0.00 
628,805 
0.12% 
204,415 
0.04% 
200,230 
0.04% 
302,184 
0.06% 
01.2008 
519,901,446 
4,869,232 
0.94% 
2,489,305 
0.48% 
1,408,245 
0.27% 
1,399,274 
0.27% 
0.00 
644,671 
0.12% 
357,803 
0.07% 
107,144 
0.02% 
289,656 
0.06% 
02.2008 
520,795,514 
4,315,036 
0.83% 
2,515,683 
0.48% 
1,235,757 
0.24% 
1,442,237 
0.28% 
0.00 
654,663 
0.13% 
309,031 
0.06% 
187,937 
0.04% 
290,607 
0.06% 
03.2008 
566,006,590 
5,737,187 
1.01% 
2,810,219 
0.50% 
1,152,081 
0.20% 
1,393,098 
0.25% 
0.00 
495,680 
0.09% 
355,161 
0.06% 
239,819 
0.04% 
302,438 
0.05% 
04.2008 
585,590,360 
4,680,633 
0.80% 
2,877,870 
0.49% 
1,284,980 
0.22% 
1,213,810 
0.21% 
0.00 
430,395 
0.07% 
234,699 
0.04% 
184,926 
0.03% 
363,791 
0.06% 
05.2008 
603,594,632 
5,366,822 
0.89% 
2,061,439 
0.34% 
1,086,237 
0.18% 
1,696,880 
0.28% 
0.00 
896,213 
0.15% 
274,209 
0.05% 
151,363 
0.03% 
375,095 
0.06% 
06.2008 
620,598,893 
5,051,029 
0.81% 
2,615,129 
0.42% 
1,032,873 
0.17% 
1,547,397 
0.25% 
0.00 
473,077 
0.08% 
521,396 
0.08% 
183,597 
0.03% 
369,328 
0.06% 
07.2008 
634,688,799 
6,130,111 
0.97% 
2,573,826 
0.41% 
1,197,302 
0.19% 
1,423,995 
0.22% 
0.00 
404,295 
0.06% 
274,336 
0.04% 
349,582 
0.06% 
395,782 
0.06% 
08.2008 
642,993,360 
6,081,915 
0.95% 
3,066,948 
0.48% 
1,607,574 
0.25% 
1,656,447 
0.26% 
0.00 
724,455 
0.11% 
248,203 
0.04% 
204,643 
0.03% 
479,146 
0.07% 
09.2008 
688,400,886 
7,482,638 
1.09% 
3,733,172 
0.54% 
1,354,046 
0.20% 
1,836,427 
0.27% 
0.00 
747,540 
0.11% 
497,667 
0.07% 
131,950 
0.02% 
459,269 
0.07% 
10.2008 
702,257,715 
8,839,278 
1.26% 
3,831,841 
0.55% 
1,591,249 
0.23% 
1,928,638 
0.27% 
0.00 
754,960 
0.11% 
525,828 
0.07% 
248,249 
0.04% 
399,601 
0.06% 
11.2008 
709,141,812 
7,222,833 
1.02% 
4,510,762 
0.64% 
1,748,808 
0.25% 
2,074,185 
0.29% 
0.00 
736,437 
0.10% 
556,055 
0.08% 
289,633 
0.04% 
492,059 
0.07% 
12.2008 
713,730,940 
7,250,294 
1.02% 
3,806,056 
0.53% 
2,056,332 
0.29% 
2,475,911 
0.35% 
0.00 
1,039,722 
0.15% 
505,410 
0.07% 
432,591 
0.06% 
498,188 
0.07% 
01.2009 
720,570,381 
7,792,104 
1.08% 
4,597,136 
0.64% 
2,103,599 
0.29% 
3,015,788 
0.42% 
0.00 
1,241,590 
0.17% 
710,474 
0.10% 
503,151 
0.07% 
560,573 
0.08% 
02.2009 
723,258,510 
7,504,790 
1.04% 
5,049,172 
0.70% 
2,235,459 
0.31% 
3,074,814 
0.43% 
0.00 
1,173,586 
0.16% 
735,643 
0.10% 
436,370 
0.06% 
729,215 
0.10% 
03.2009 
777,098,482 
8,117,938 
1.04% 
3,839,223 
0.49% 
1,705,852 
0.22% 
3,133,463 
0.40% 
0.00 
1,119,494 
0.14% 
690,631 
0.09% 
485,630 
0.06% 
837,707 
0.11% 
04.2009 
799,473,344 
8,701,657 
1.09% 
3,878,025 
0.49% 
1,747,495 
0.22% 
2,854,205 
0.36% 
0.00 
753,537 
0.09% 
614,027 
0.08% 
500,518 
0.06% 
986,123 
0.12% 
05.2009 
814,836,717 
9,205,895 
1.13% 
3,549,683 
0.44% 
1,609,900 
0.20% 
2,874,582 
0.35% 
0.00 
966,373 
0.12% 
493,561 
0.06% 
370,590 
0.05% 
1,044,059 
0.13% 
06.2009 
831,773,678 
9,030,406 
1.09% 
3,367,116 
0.40% 
1,673,897 
0.20% 
2,841,120 
0.34% 
0.00 
897,138 
0.11% 
643,714 
0.08% 
320,349 
0.04% 
979,920 
0.12% 
07.2009 
844,850,914 
9,780,472 
1.16% 
3,098,195 
0.37% 
1,475,054 
0.17% 
2,760,322 
0.33% 
0.00 
688,949 
0.08% 
624,192 
0.07% 
415,732 
0.05% 
1,031,449 
0.12%

--- Page 168 ---
- 157 - 
 
 
 
Calendar Year/Month 
Principal 
Outstanding 
Delinquent 
balance 1-30  
dpd (£) 
1-30 
dpd (%) 
Delinquent 
balance 31-60  
dpd (£) 
31-60 
dpd (%) 
Delinquent 
balance 61-90  
dpd (£) 
61-90 
dpd (%) 
Delinquent 
balance 91+  
dpd (£) 
91+ 
dpd (%) 
Delinquent 
balance 91-120  
dpd (£) 
91-120 
dpd (%) 
Delinquent 
balance 121-
150 
dpd (£) 
121-
150 
dpd (%) 
Delinquent 
balance 151-
180  
dpd (£) 
151-
180 
dpd (%) 
Delinquent 
balance 180+  
dpd (£) 
180+ 
dpd (%) 
08.2009 
853,105,445 
7,953,214 
0.93% 
3,767,805 
0.44% 
1,737,482 
0.20% 
2,694,380 
0.32% 
0.00 
932,961 
0.11% 
583,623 
0.07% 
294,589 
0.03% 
883,207 
0.10% 
09.2009 
894,706,717 
9,994,898 
1.12% 
3,869,153 
0.43% 
1,316,130 
0.15% 
2,819,198 
0.32% 
0.00 
1,014,654 
0.11% 
530,897 
0.06% 
482,042 
0.05% 
791,605 
0.09% 
10.2009 
908,859,502 
9,794,392 
1.08% 
3,702,400 
0.41% 
1,695,365 
0.19% 
2,386,352 
0.26% 
0.00 
653,637 
0.07% 
487,718 
0.05% 
410,299 
0.05% 
834,699 
0.09% 
11.2009 
918,491,737 
8,984,494 
0.98% 
3,599,878 
0.39% 
1,668,465 
0.18% 
2,193,712 
0.24% 
0.00 
701,381 
0.08% 
366,543 
0.04% 
301,375 
0.03% 
824,413 
0.09% 
12.2009 
933,899,422 
11,353,902 
1.22% 
3,846,784 
0.41% 
1,262,508 
0.14% 
2,354,123 
0.25% 
0.00 
858,494 
0.09% 
383,526 
0.04% 
269,898 
0.03% 
842,204 
0.09% 
01.2010 
943,233,543 
10,173,684 
1.08% 
4,544,801 
0.48% 
2,072,705 
0.22% 
2,121,220 
0.22% 
0.00 
751,410 
0.08% 
426,741 
0.05% 
234,507 
0.02% 
708,562 
0.08% 
02.2010 
943,827,249 
10,020,157 
1.06% 
4,520,990 
0.48% 
1,690,564 
0.18% 
2,108,713 
0.22% 
0.00 
833,534 
0.09% 
390,317 
0.04% 
209,647 
0.02% 
675,216 
0.07% 
03.2010 
1,005,995,968 
11,822,184 
1.18% 
4,196,357 
0.42% 
1,362,517 
0.14% 
2,151,815 
0.21% 
0.00 
677,094 
0.07% 
558,626 
0.06% 
265,989 
0.03% 
650,107 
0.06% 
04.2010 
1,036,635,635 
10,773,298 
1.04% 
4,501,504 
0.43% 
1,887,966 
0.18% 
2,274,952 
0.22% 
0.00 
720,556 
0.07% 
403,459 
0.04% 
416,370 
0.04% 
734,568 
0.07% 
05.2010 
1,068,126,692 
9,409,598 
0.88% 
3,636,953 
0.34% 
1,964,117 
0.18% 
2,661,434 
0.25% 
0.00 
1,137,468 
0.11% 
322,590 
0.03% 
281,096 
0.03% 
920,279 
0.09% 
06.2010 
1,094,912,400 
9,999,779 
0.91% 
3,285,719 
0.30% 
1,708,933 
0.16% 
2,667,634 
0.24% 
0.00 
911,643 
0.08% 
599,893 
0.05% 
241,110 
0.02% 
914,988 
0.08% 
07.2010 
1,107,875,480 
10,820,265 
0.98% 
3,630,819 
0.33% 
1,458,205 
0.13% 
2,592,568 
0.23% 
0.00 
903,464 
0.08% 
380,387 
0.03% 
338,617 
0.03% 
970,100 
0.09% 
08.2010 
1,114,095,341 
9,078,293 
0.81% 
3,946,306 
0.35% 
1,663,975 
0.15% 
2,484,812 
0.22% 
0.00 
791,799 
0.07% 
468,531 
0.04% 
227,995 
0.02% 
996,487 
0.09% 
09.2010 
1,182,875,234 
10,666,490 
0.90% 
3,703,853 
0.31% 
1,355,336 
0.11% 
2,529,972 
0.21% 
0.00 
777,190 
0.07% 
451,878 
0.04% 
324,900 
0.03% 
976,004 
0.08% 
10.2010 
1,213,003,453 
11,033,548 
0.91% 
3,520,714 
0.29% 
1,691,507 
0.14% 
2,568,632 
0.21% 
0.00 
746,840 
0.06% 
514,077 
0.04% 
263,610 
0.02% 
1,044,105 
0.09% 
11.2010 
1,240,979,094 
11,072,956 
0.89% 
3,163,546 
0.25% 
1,598,647 
0.13% 
2,485,360 
0.20% 
0.00 
670,384 
0.05% 
502,963 
0.04% 
314,909 
0.03% 
997,103 
0.08% 
12.2010 
1,263,951,881 
11,946,329 
0.95% 
3,634,412 
0.29% 
1,514,773 
0.12% 
2,877,289 
0.23% 
0.00 
929,775 
0.07% 
448,145 
0.04% 
359,690 
0.03% 
1,139,680 
0.09% 
01.2011 
1,276,336,063 
10,573,782 
0.83% 
4,355,431 
0.34% 
2,183,467 
0.17% 
3,056,869 
0.24% 
0.00 
924,341 
0.07% 
613,911 
0.05% 
313,176 
0.02% 
1,205,441 
0.09% 
02.2011 
1,277,418,333 
9,706,644 
0.76% 
4,192,264 
0.33% 
2,062,904 
0.16% 
3,032,410 
0.24% 
0.00 
1,003,769 
0.08% 
520,327 
0.04% 
443,954 
0.03% 
1,064,361 
0.08% 
03.2011 
1,386,567,134 
15,374,818 
1.11% 
4,510,975 
0.33% 
1,691,065 
0.12% 
2,378,001 
0.17% 
0.00 
737,022 
0.05% 
358,181 
0.03% 
288,935 
0.02% 
993,863 
0.07% 
04.2011 
1,425,901,780 
12,488,586 
0.88% 
4,659,511 
0.33% 
2,000,057 
0.14% 
2,610,673 
0.18% 
0.00 
719,838 
0.05% 
551,460 
0.04% 
274,883 
0.02% 
1,064,491 
0.07% 
05.2011 
1,470,168,876 
12,857,468 
0.87% 
4,184,370 
0.28% 
1,902,341 
0.13% 
2,887,946 
0.20% 
0.00 
1,187,443 
0.08% 
313,985 
0.02% 
445,401 
0.03% 
941,117 
0.06% 
06.2011 
1,514,109,357 
13,600,660 
0.90% 
4,154,510 
0.27% 
2,023,838 
0.13% 
2,631,975 
0.17% 
0.00 
951,429 
0.06% 
589,095 
0.04% 
214,972 
0.01% 
876,480 
0.06% 
07.2011 
1,545,017,968 
14,104,102 
0.91% 
4,303,415 
0.28% 
1,726,217 
0.11% 
3,384,609 
0.22% 
0.00 
1,254,820 
0.08% 
715,475 
0.05% 
466,787 
0.03% 
947,528 
0.06% 
08.2011 
1,565,100,626 
13,925,708 
0.89% 
4,048,313 
0.26% 
1,873,242 
0.12% 
3,093,652 
0.20% 
0.00 
847,281 
0.05% 
751,670 
0.05% 
478,294 
0.03% 
1,016,407 
0.06% 
09.2011 
1,653,136,842 
13,713,551 
0.83% 
4,111,197 
0.25% 
1,597,535 
0.10% 
2,926,332 
0.18% 
0.00 
920,412 
0.06% 
609,523 
0.04% 
374,770 
0.02% 
1,021,626 
0.06% 
10.2011 
1,684,004,744 
14,158,723 
0.84% 
3,680,844 
0.22% 
1,901,446 
0.11% 
2,758,274 
0.16% 
0.00 
889,453 
0.05% 
530,390 
0.03% 
372,279 
0.02% 
966,152 
0.06% 
11.2011 
1,716,809,717 
13,384,593 
0.78% 
4,479,332 
0.26% 
1,853,967 
0.11% 
2,615,752 
0.15% 
0.00 
924,932 
0.05% 
522,630 
0.03% 
276,375 
0.02% 
891,816 
0.05% 
12.2011 
1,744,991,593 
14,929,004 
0.86% 
4,194,179 
0.24% 
1,855,430 
0.11% 
2,916,328 
0.17% 
0.00 
1,030,417 
0.06% 
550,980 
0.03% 
377,752 
0.02% 
957,179 
0.05% 
01.2012 
1,769,510,992 
15,946,000 
0.90% 
4,544,794 
0.26% 
1,899,634 
0.11% 
3,057,273 
0.17% 
0.00 
1,044,540 
0.06% 
661,325 
0.04% 
378,438 
0.02% 
972,970 
0.05% 
02.2012 
1,777,467,939 
13,803,336 
0.78% 
4,624,084 
0.26% 
1,362,410 
0.08% 
2,621,569 
0.15% 
0.00 
859,985 
0.05% 
484,349 
0.03% 
282,556 
0.02% 
994,680 
0.06% 
03.2012 
1,940,699,175 
16,882,282 
0.87% 
4,800,679 
0.25% 
1,475,195 
0.08% 
2,361,009 
0.12% 
0.00 
785,799 
0.04% 
401,968 
0.02% 
322,796 
0.02% 
850,446 
0.04% 
04.2012 
2,003,732,540 
15,294,179 
0.76% 
5,456,383 
0.27% 
2,013,585 
0.10% 
2,251,504 
0.11% 
0.00 
798,504 
0.04% 
388,134 
0.02% 
299,284 
0.01% 
765,582 
0.04% 
05.2012 
2,079,924,807 
24,283,036 
1.17% 
5,934,000 
0.29% 
2,154,544 
0.10% 
2,720,024 
0.13% 
0.00 
1,309,786 
0.06% 
434,197 
0.02% 
193,828 
0.01% 
782,213 
0.04% 
06.2012 
2,145,281,097 
24,156,679 
1.13% 
5,930,295 
0.28% 
2,359,734 
0.11% 
2,913,773 
0.14% 
0.00 
1,215,677 
0.06% 
677,590 
0.03% 
285,673 
0.01% 
734,833 
0.03% 
07.2012 
2,197,431,989 
21,220,417 
0.97% 
5,580,266 
0.25% 
1,998,448 
0.09% 
2,958,178 
0.13% 
0.00 
1,269,137 
0.06% 
557,042 
0.03% 
457,854 
0.02% 
674,146 
0.03% 
08.2012 
2,231,407,447 
20,551,248 
0.92% 
6,008,931 
0.27% 
2,185,539 
0.10% 
2,940,687 
0.13% 
0.00 
1,159,833 
0.05% 
642,724 
0.03% 
333,376 
0.01% 
804,753 
0.04% 
09.2012 
2,392,080,101 
21,305,701 
0.89% 
6,965,548 
0.29% 
2,492,654 
0.10% 
3,100,455 
0.13% 
0.00 
1,139,379 
0.05% 
670,220 
0.03% 
429,221 
0.02% 
861,636 
0.04% 
10.2012 
2,443,907,344 
20,877,850 
0.85% 
5,820,650 
0.24% 
2,219,807 
0.09% 
2,687,541 
0.11% 
0.00 
1,075,250 
0.04% 
608,704 
0.02% 
322,541 
0.01% 
681,047 
0.03% 
11.2012 
2,490,666,895 
22,989,129 
0.92% 
5,851,458 
0.23% 
2,512,715 
0.10% 
2,300,355 
0.09% 
0.00 
834,160 
0.03% 
386,314 
0.02% 
305,580 
0.01% 
774,302 
0.03% 
12.2012 
2,509,610,489 
20,767,794 
0.83% 
7,071,486 
0.28% 
2,895,959 
0.12% 
2,949,788 
0.12% 
0.00 
1,219,487 
0.05% 
642,499 
0.03% 
248,318 
0.01% 
839,484 
0.03% 
01.2013 
2,530,688,222 
20,824,719 
0.82% 
7,630,308 
0.30% 
4,024,000 
0.16% 
3,331,838 
0.13% 
0.00 
1,434,586 
0.06% 
730,096 
0.03% 
295,279 
0.01% 
871,877 
0.03% 
02.2013 
2,544,718,882 
18,864,148 
0.74% 
7,660,605 
0.30% 
3,328,885 
0.13% 
3,874,577 
0.15% 
0.00 
1,875,697 
0.07% 
743,404 
0.03% 
376,637 
0.01% 
878,839 
0.03% 
03.2013 
2,736,014,149 
102,995,890 
3.76% 
8,115,685 
0.30% 
3,101,722 
0.11% 
4,520,918 
0.17% 
0.00 
1,878,736 
0.07% 
1,085,120 
0.04% 
434,111 
0.02% 
1,122,951 
0.04% 
04.2013 
2,800,185,476 
23,535,532 
0.84% 
8,382,248 
0.30% 
3,739,124 
0.13% 
4,395,540 
0.16% 
0.00 
1,431,495 
0.05% 
1,057,861 
0.04% 
748,095 
0.03% 
1,158,089 
0.04% 
05.2013 
2,866,857,136 
23,279,670 
0.81% 
7,453,655 
0.26% 
3,672,385 
0.13% 
4,868,659 
0.17% 
0.00 
2,100,233 
0.07% 
897,286 
0.03% 
678,155 
0.02% 
1,192,985 
0.04% 
06.2013 
2,955,153,068 
23,894,518 
0.81% 
8,579,450 
0.29% 
3,955,602 
0.13% 
4,736,235 
0.16% 
0.00 
1,918,120 
0.06% 
1,031,289 
0.03% 
530,141 
0.02% 
1,256,684 
0.04% 
07.2013 
3,019,732,851 
35,839,143 
1.19% 
10,632,356 
0.35% 
4,126,434 
0.14% 
5,203,585 
0.17% 
0.00 
2,019,046 
0.07% 
1,145,504 
0.04% 
608,359 
0.02% 
1,430,676 
0.05% 
08.2013 
3,087,989,476 
23,534,351 
0.76% 
11,835,034 
0.38% 
4,838,884 
0.16% 
5,921,968 
0.19% 
0.00 
2,070,184 
0.07% 
1,404,275 
0.05% 
719,095 
0.02% 
1,728,414 
0.06% 
09.2013 
3,311,619,013 
23,845,279 
0.72% 
10,700,167 
0.32% 
4,249,950 
0.13% 
6,448,361 
0.19% 
0.00 
2,529,700 
0.08% 
1,309,512 
0.04% 
957,206 
0.03% 
1,651,943 
0.05% 
10.2013 
3,389,335,530 
26,592,164 
0.78% 
8,666,633 
0.26% 
3,865,046 
0.11% 
6,089,804 
0.18% 
0.00 
2,264,619 
0.07% 
1,284,364 
0.04% 
714,844 
0.02% 
1,825,977 
0.05% 
11.2013 
3,463,674,394 
22,712,777 
0.66% 
9,288,656 
0.27% 
4,687,730 
0.14% 
6,385,314 
0.18% 
0.00 
1,983,738 
0.06% 
1,467,588 
0.04% 
1,074,629 
0.03% 
1,859,358 
0.05% 
12.2013 
3,524,680,924 
26,050,782 
0.74% 
8,605,289 
0.24% 
4,222,505 
0.12% 
7,172,229 
0.20% 
0.00 
2,762,387 
0.08% 
1,426,291 
0.04% 
920,252 
0.03% 
2,063,300 
0.06% 
01.2014 
3,578,655,846 
23,541,594 
0.66% 
9,093,883 
0.25% 
4,754,781 
0.13% 
7,564,801 
0.21% 
0.00 
2,533,343 
0.07% 
1,915,462 
0.05% 
969,017 
0.03% 
2,146,980 
0.06% 
02.2014 
3,638,692,590 
20,497,484 
0.56% 
8,548,242 
0.23% 
4,244,795 
0.12% 
6,853,296 
0.19% 
0.00 
2,123,395 
0.06% 
1,430,927 
0.04% 
963,612 
0.03% 
2,335,362 
0.06% 
03.2014 
3,908,383,350 
25,156,674 
0.64% 
7,765,160 
0.20% 
4,167,260 
0.11% 
6,062,777 
0.16% 
0.00 
1,576,190 
0.04% 
1,351,871 
0.03% 
875,728 
0.02% 
2,258,988 
0.06% 
04.2014 
3,987,583,218 
27,657,603 
0.69% 
9,312,072 
0.23% 
3,721,801 
0.09% 
6,906,403 
0.17% 
0.00 
2,325,171 
0.06% 
1,133,258 
0.03% 
1,088,369 
0.03% 
2,359,606 
0.06% 
05.2014 
4,085,538,568 
25,490,678 
0.62% 
7,898,527 
0.19% 
4,255,616 
0.10% 
6,714,116 
0.16% 
0.00 
2,042,726 
0.05% 
1,380,476 
0.03% 
859,276 
0.02% 
2,431,638 
0.06% 
06.2014 
4,175,674,571 
23,622,365 
0.57% 
8,604,249 
0.21% 
4,159,829 
0.10% 
7,078,774 
0.17% 
0.00 
2,298,612 
0.06% 
1,318,362 
0.03% 
1,057,670 
0.03% 
2,404,130 
0.06% 
07.2014 
4,244,515,749 
26,446,815 
0.62% 
7,508,388 
0.18% 
4,012,338 
0.09% 
6,803,545 
0.16% 
0.00 
2,120,252 
0.05% 
1,469,424 
0.03% 
814,607 
0.02% 
2,399,262 
0.06% 
08.2014 
4,299,301,429 
22,920,290 
0.53% 
9,299,028 
0.22% 
4,297,901 
0.10% 
8,061,006 
0.19% 
0.00 
3,077,522 
0.07% 
1,503,619 
0.03% 
956,559 
0.02% 
2,523,306 
0.06% 
09.2014 
4,542,065,826 
26,439,156 
0.58% 
9,169,798 
0.20% 
4,424,345 
0.10% 
8,023,807 
0.18% 
0.00 
2,639,926 
0.06% 
2,090,767 
0.05% 
814,545 
0.02% 
2,478,568 
0.05% 
10.2014 
4,616,722,970 
29,356,383 
0.64% 
8,402,757 
0.18% 
4,411,366 
0.10% 
8,253,562 
0.18% 
0.00 
2,488,656 
0.05% 
2,000,747 
0.04% 
1,375,781 
0.03% 
2,388,377 
0.05% 
11.2014 
4,675,597,713 
22,441,204 
0.48% 
9,689,738 
0.21% 
4,978,477 
0.11% 
8,400,288 
0.18% 
0.00 
3,026,386 
0.06% 
1,638,440 
0.04% 
1,135,827 
0.02% 
2,599,634 
0.06% 
12.2014 
4,715,786,052 
27,754,165 
0.59% 
8,660,724 
0.18% 
4,537,099 
0.10% 
8,521,814 
0.18% 
0.00 
3,253,270 
0.07% 
1,822,264 
0.04% 
768,116 
0.02% 
2,678,164 
0.06% 
01.2015 
4,746,292,689 
25,434,273 
0.54% 
12,040,361 
0.25% 
5,227,529 
0.11% 
8,898,658 
0.19% 
0.00 
2,902,494 
0.06% 
2,243,378 
0.05% 
1,076,136 
0.02% 
2,676,650 
0.06% 
02.2015 
4,770,063,225 
23,858,033 
0.50% 
11,320,797 
0.24% 
5,107,305 
0.11% 
8,339,988 
0.17% 
0.00 
2,727,600 
0.06% 
1,594,950 
0.03% 
1,230,145 
0.03% 
2,787,294 
0.06% 
03.2015 
5,034,319,172 
30,867,802 
0.61% 
10,816,187 
0.21% 
4,753,527 
0.09% 
8,459,795 
0.17% 
0.00 
3,218,002 
0.06% 
1,756,325 
0.03% 
933,962 
0.02% 
2,551,507 
0.05% 
04.2015 
5,106,528,911 
19,751,952 
0.39% 
10,210,212 
0.20% 
4,598,795 
0.09% 
8,185,234 
0.16% 
0.00 
2,789,879 
0.05% 
1,929,252 
0.04% 
1,082,713 
0.02% 
2,383,390 
0.05% 
05.2015 
5,189,007,182 
27,906,240 
0.54% 
9,385,020 
0.18% 
4,822,165 
0.09% 
9,736,749 
0.19% 
0.00 
3,970,512 
0.08% 
1,731,878 
0.03% 
1,459,608 
0.03% 
2,574,751 
0.05% 
06.2015 
5,298,949,798 
40,861,997 
0.77% 
10,936,047 
0.21% 
5,184,581 
0.10% 
9,039,040 
0.17% 
0.00 
2,997,397 
0.06% 
2,375,675 
0.04% 
1,018,210 
0.02% 
2,647,758 
0.05% 
07.2015 
5,391,045,503 
37,363,919 
0.69% 
9,181,478 
0.17% 
5,716,314 
0.11% 
9,616,053 
0.18% 
0.00 
3,594,257 
0.07% 
2,099,385 
0.04% 
1,428,195 
0.03% 
2,494,217 
0.05% 
08.2015 
5,456,642,077 
25,168,724 
0.46% 
12,648,255 
0.23% 
4,972,507 
0.09% 
11,174,653 
0.20% 
0.00 
3,874,743 
0.07% 
2,859,470 
0.05% 
1,490,233 
0.03% 
2,950,207 
0.05% 
09.2015 
5,769,398,195 
28,496,428 
0.49% 
12,194,198 
0.21% 
5,402,786 
0.09% 
11,533,139 
0.20% 
0.00 
3,661,535 
0.06% 
2,854,169 
0.05% 
2,005,975 
0.03% 
3,011,461 
0.05%

--- Page 169 ---
- 158 - 
 
 
 
Calendar Year/Month 
Principal 
Outstanding 
Delinquent 
balance 1-30  
dpd (£) 
1-30 
dpd (%) 
Delinquent 
balance 31-60  
dpd (£) 
31-60 
dpd (%) 
Delinquent 
balance 61-90  
dpd (£) 
61-90 
dpd (%) 
Delinquent 
balance 91+  
dpd (£) 
91+ 
dpd (%) 
Delinquent 
balance 91-120  
dpd (£) 
91-120 
dpd (%) 
Delinquent 
balance 121-
150 
dpd (£) 
121-
150 
dpd (%) 
Delinquent 
balance 151-
180  
dpd (£) 
151-
180 
dpd (%) 
Delinquent 
balance 180+  
dpd (£) 
180+ 
dpd (%) 
10.2015 
5,857,071,213 
28,810,159 
0.49% 
10,201,218 
0.17% 
4,723,956 
0.08% 
12,899,841 
0.22% 
0.00 
4,029,888 
0.07% 
2,586,859 
0.04% 
2,283,175 
0.04% 
3,999,920 
0.07% 
11.2015 
5,803,548,914 
25,895,011 
0.45% 
11,690,779 
0.20% 
5,341,350 
0.09% 
12,748,090 
0.22% 
0.00 
3,388,796 
0.06% 
2,906,562 
0.05% 
2,237,378 
0.04% 
4,215,353 
0.07% 
12.2015 
5,976,513,913 
30,723,698 
0.51% 
9,785,617 
0.16% 
4,940,270 
0.08% 
13,459,297 
0.23% 
0.00 
3,985,153 
0.07% 
2,852,039 
0.05% 
1,836,766 
0.03% 
4,785,339 
0.08% 
01.2016 
6,030,665,532 
27,852,891 
0.46% 
12,556,092 
0.21% 
5,749,867 
0.10% 
12,680,419 
0.21% 
0.00 
3,526,283 
0.06% 
3,061,451 
0.05% 
1,842,392 
0.03% 
4,250,292 
0.07% 
02.2016 
6,080,654,318 
28,551,010 
0.47% 
12,270,686 
0.20% 
5,834,118 
0.10% 
12,880,441 
0.21% 
0.00 
4,091,609 
0.07% 
2,269,621 
0.04% 
2,221,614 
0.04% 
4,297,598 
0.07% 
03.2016 
6,478,731,226 
37,103,015 
0.57% 
12,089,683 
0.19% 
4,943,407 
0.08% 
11,547,845 
0.18% 
0.00 
3,801,247 
0.06% 
2,100,582 
0.03% 
1,389,236 
0.02% 
4,256,780 
0.07% 
04.2016 
6,574,935,908 
30,958,774 
0.47% 
13,755,333 
0.21% 
5,443,421 
0.08% 
10,631,853 
0.16% 
0.00 
3,443,174 
0.05% 
2,359,264 
0.04% 
1,183,592 
0.02% 
3,645,823 
0.06% 
05.2016 
6,655,830,088 
32,526,838 
0.49% 
10,305,855 
0.15% 
6,443,435 
0.10% 
10,534,344 
0.16% 
0.00 
3,579,980 
0.05% 
2,098,462 
0.03% 
1,616,831 
0.02% 
3,239,071 
0.05% 
06.2016 
6,737,756,842 
34,965,257 
0.52% 
12,623,722 
0.19% 
5,376,579 
0.08% 
7,884,881 
0.12% 
0.00 
3,149,284 
0.05% 
1,400,141 
0.02% 
797,239 
0.01% 
2,538,217 
0.04% 
07.2016 
6,791,832,782 
35,707,305 
0.53% 
11,432,260 
0.17% 
4,829,836 
0.07% 
8,187,722 
0.12% 
0.00 
2,719,888 
0.04% 
1,870,679 
0.03% 
904,578 
0.01% 
2,692,577 
0.04% 
08.2016 
6,812,089,653 
38,351,135 
0.56% 
15,086,499 
0.22% 
5,974,227 
0.09% 
8,737,623 
0.13% 
0.00 
3,114,041 
0.05% 
1,595,316 
0.02% 
1,152,972 
0.02% 
2,875,295 
0.04% 
09.2016 
7,113,055,833 
36,788,315 
0.52% 
17,267,283 
0.24% 
5,694,695 
0.08% 
7,745,847 
0.11% 
0.00 
2,739,793 
0.04% 
1,379,937 
0.02% 
736,568 
0.01% 
2,889,549 
0.04% 
10.2016 
7,173,458,828 
39,052,422 
0.54% 
14,893,327 
0.21% 
5,841,383 
0.08% 
8,653,249 
0.12% 
0.00 
3,584,623 
0.05% 
1,433,310 
0.02% 
950,366 
0.01% 
2,684,950 
0.04% 
11.2016 
7,236,953,974 
35,856,303 
0.50% 
16,422,387 
0.23% 
6,984,064 
0.10% 
8,421,578 
0.12% 
0.00 
3,207,795 
0.04% 
1,695,728 
0.02% 
955,875 
0.01% 
2,562,180 
0.04% 
12.2016 
7,278,783,162 
35,486,759 
0.49% 
13,828,988 
0.19% 
6,949,571 
0.10% 
10,089,496 
0.14% 
0.00 
4,216,856 
0.06% 
1,968,813 
0.03% 
1,210,836 
0.02% 
2,692,992 
0.04% 
01.2017 
7,311,042,120 
43,846,853 
0.60% 
16,829,134 
0.23% 
6,455,263 
0.09% 
11,069,808 
0.15% 
0.00 
4,399,238 
0.06% 
2,471,889 
0.03% 
1,224,786 
0.02% 
2,973,894 
0.04% 
02.2017 
7,312,422,515 
37,513,120 
0.51% 
18,118,550 
0.25% 
6,620,751 
0.09% 
9,724,731 
0.13% 
0.00 
3,443,971 
0.05% 
2,030,626 
0.03% 
1,317,041 
0.02% 
2,933,093 
0.04% 
03.2017 
7,648,944,828 
46,459,284 
0.61% 
17,101,396 
0.22% 
6,355,694 
0.08% 
9,174,576 
0.12% 
0.00 
2,966,622 
0.04% 
1,900,205 
0.02% 
1,069,421 
0.01% 
3,238,327 
0.04% 
04.2017 
7,653,359,815 
35,293,899 
0.46% 
20,774,366 
0.27% 
7,182,692 
0.09% 
10,300,514 
0.13% 
0.00 
3,461,791 
0.05% 
2,005,496 
0.03% 
1,415,913 
0.02% 
3,417,313 
0.04% 
05.2017 
7,703,917,167 
47,214,151 
0.61% 
17,321,578 
0.22% 
7,226,995 
0.09% 
12,573,066 
0.16% 
0.00 
4,906,270 
0.06% 
2,377,203 
0.03% 
1,402,064 
0.02% 
3,887,529 
0.05% 
06.2017 
7,786,392,627 
41,055,206 
0.53% 
18,924,371 
0.24% 
7,422,080 
0.10% 
11,810,394 
0.15% 
0.00 
4,116,619 
0.05% 
2,553,331 
0.03% 
1,336,100 
0.02% 
3,804,344 
0.05% 
07.2017 
7,822,065,145 
43,856,324 
0.56% 
17,562,271 
0.22% 
8,071,431 
0.10% 
11,452,982 
0.15% 
0.00 
4,445,747 
0.06% 
1,718,456 
0.02% 
1,525,677 
0.02% 
3,763,102 
0.05% 
08.2017 
7,826,630,533 
39,969,458 
0.51% 
19,473,309 
0.25% 
8,591,752 
0.11% 
10,449,521 
0.13% 
0.00 
3,992,665 
0.05% 
1,921,503 
0.02% 
964,406 
0.01% 
3,570,947 
0.05% 
09.2017 
8,097,798,064 
42,041,388 
0.52% 
21,740,629 
0.27% 
7,687,689 
0.09% 
10,385,456 
0.13% 
0.00 
3,884,088 
0.05% 
1,831,604 
0.02% 
1,225,389 
0.02% 
3,444,374 
0.04% 
10.2017 
8,114,922,761 
60,026,101 
0.74% 
20,373,387 
0.25% 
8,176,985 
0.10% 
9,999,287 
0.12% 
0.00 
3,633,436 
0.04% 
2,156,294 
0.03% 
899,591 
0.01% 
3,309,965 
0.04% 
11.2017 
8,142,686,161 
51,831,925 
0.64% 
24,097,174 
0.30% 
9,171,807 
0.11% 
10,911,427 
0.13% 
0.00 
3,904,648 
0.05% 
2,201,023 
0.03% 
1,547,685 
0.02% 
3,258,070 
0.04% 
12.2017 
8,134,292,094 
49,215,444 
0.61% 
23,289,507 
0.29% 
9,371,750 
0.12% 
13,078,602 
0.16% 
0.00 
4,809,326 
0.06% 
2,682,723 
0.03% 
1,587,662 
0.02% 
3,998,892 
0.05% 
01.2018 
8,122,827,985 
54,613,603 
0.67% 
27,803,967 
0.34% 
10,456,922 
0.13% 
12,313,753 
0.15% 
0.00 
4,494,802 
0.06% 
2,698,001 
0.03% 
1,257,629 
0.02% 
3,863,321 
0.05% 
02.2018 
8,093,870,519 
43,297,587 
0.53% 
31,035,091 
0.38% 
10,418,900 
0.13% 
13,374,330 
0.17% 
0.00 
4,628,818 
0.06% 
2,929,627 
0.04% 
1,742,029 
0.02% 
4,073,857 
0.05% 
03.2018 
8,397,423,087 
50,361,454 
0.60% 
27,944,074 
0.33% 
10,292,314 
0.12% 
14,101,971 
0.17% 
0.00 
4,662,255 
0.06% 
2,878,171 
0.03% 
2,032,934 
0.02% 
4,528,612 
0.05% 
04.2018 
8,408,741,148 
52,366,473 
0.62% 
29,996,605 
0.36% 
9,456,648 
0.11% 
12,766,457 
0.15% 
0.00 
3,658,917 
0.04% 
2,415,648 
0.03% 
1,744,814 
0.02% 
4,947,078 
0.06% 
05.2018 
8,443,029,758 
58,644,961 
0.69% 
26,550,553 
0.31% 
9,594,807 
0.11% 
13,480,534 
0.16% 
0.00 
4,102,420 
0.05% 
2,218,112 
0.03% 
1,761,856 
0.02% 
5,398,146 
0.06% 
06.2018 
8,527,939,227 
47,871,367 
0.56% 
30,290,305 
0.36% 
9,875,604 
0.12% 
13,303,828 
0.16% 
0.00 
4,040,207 
0.05% 
2,598,991 
0.03% 
1,329,363 
0.02% 
5,335,268 
0.06% 
07.2018 
8,534,871,335 
65,268,090 
0.76% 
27,064,081 
0.32% 
10,308,663 
0.12% 
14,025,097 
0.16% 
0.00 
4,622,830 
0.05% 
2,734,378 
0.03% 
1,693,326 
0.02% 
4,974,563 
0.06% 
08.2018 
8,446,753,927 
58,764,454 
0.70% 
29,180,498 
0.35% 
10,656,103 
0.13% 
13,402,999 
0.16% 
0.00 
4,521,927 
0.05% 
2,340,840 
0.03% 
1,576,451 
0.02% 
4,963,781 
0.06% 
09.2018 
8,452,822,913 
47,277,973 
0.56% 
31,355,817 
0.37% 
8,977,865 
0.11% 
11,304,553 
0.13% 
0.00 
3,319,131 
0.04% 
1,573,475 
0.02% 
1,222,976 
0.01% 
5,188,971 
0.06% 
10.2018 
8,380,828,216 
59,938,589 
0.72% 
28,860,615 
0.34% 
8,590,299 
0.10% 
11,014,990 
0.13% 
0.00 
2,948,431 
0.04% 
1,615,730 
0.02% 
1,034,470 
0.01% 
5,416,359 
0.06% 
11.2018 
8,354,041,725 
48,507,938 
0.58% 
36,268,654 
0.43% 
10,951,525 
0.13% 
11,808,965 
0.14% 
0.00 
3,558,627 
0.04% 
1,428,222 
0.02% 
1,179,657 
0.01% 
5,642,460 
0.07% 
12.2018 
8,317,187,791 
50,728,640 
0.61% 
27,380,066 
0.33% 
10,276,495 
0.12% 
12,638,017 
0.15% 
0.00 
4,312,612 
0.05% 
1,529,125 
0.02% 
1,003,601 
0.01% 
5,792,679 
0.07% 
01.2019 
8,309,970,183 
53,728,834 
0.65% 
31,803,495 
0.38% 
10,673,727 
0.13% 
12,698,745 
0.15% 
0.00 
4,491,795 
0.05% 
1,712,993 
0.02% 
993,764 
0.01% 
5,500,193 
0.07% 
02.2019 
8,277,732,290 
45,264,188 
0.55% 
31,606,810 
0.38% 
10,526,611 
0.13% 
12,486,991 
0.15% 
0.00 
3,905,998 
0.05% 
1,876,761 
0.02% 
1,446,192 
0.02% 
5,258,041 
0.06% 
03.2019 
8,528,234,118 
48,637,541 
0.57% 
27,454,285 
0.32% 
7,465,908 
0.09% 
9,666,630 
0.11% 
0.00 
2,231,349 
0.03% 
1,342,671 
0.02% 
1,052,806 
0.01% 
5,039,803 
0.06% 
04.2019 
8,538,227,383 
58,622,366 
0.69% 
29,296,964 
0.34% 
7,743,464 
0.09% 
9,437,370 
0.11% 
0.00 
2,652,040 
0.03% 
967,172 
0.01% 
739,016 
0.01% 
5,079,142 
0.06% 
05.2019 
8,577,540,965 
71,152,646 
0.83% 
27,839,640 
0.32% 
8,002,629 
0.09% 
9,717,201 
0.11% 
0.00 
2,801,062 
0.03% 
1,144,718 
0.01% 
688,173 
0.01% 
5,083,247 
0.06% 
06.2019 
8,599,538,775 
49,571,890 
0.58% 
31,008,725 
0.36% 
9,074,925 
0.11% 
9,620,464 
0.11% 
0.00 
2,500,194 
0.03% 
1,177,884 
0.01% 
851,265 
0.01% 
5,091,120 
0.06% 
07.2019 
8,550,648,114 
59,088,682 
0.69% 
25,173,495 
0.29% 
8,735,299 
0.10% 
10,256,387 
0.12% 
0.00 
2,951,709 
0.03% 
1,174,327 
0.01% 
949,651 
0.01% 
5,180,700 
0.06% 
08.2019 
8,465,225,547 
47,010,009 
0.56% 
28,144,171 
0.33% 
8,470,284 
0.10% 
9,982,635 
0.12% 
0.00 
2,522,251 
0.03% 
1,201,265 
0.01% 
828,064 
0.01% 
5,431,055 
0.06% 
09.2019 
8,493,695,301 
45,740,488 
0.54% 
27,315,284 
0.32% 
8,808,934 
0.10% 
8,591,975 
0.10% 
0.00 
2,616,760 
0.03% 
1,204,081 
0.01% 
875,424 
0.01% 
3,895,710 
0.05% 
10.2019 
8,438,131,373 
67,107,610 
0.80% 
23,959,288 
0.28% 
7,912,363 
0.09% 
8,350,195 
0.10% 
0.00 
2,740,799 
0.03% 
931,288 
0.01% 
827,677 
0.01% 
3,850,431 
0.05% 
11.2019 
8,428,926,450 
41,331,453 
0.49% 
26,768,696 
0.32% 
8,533,201 
0.10% 
7,402,338 
0.09% 
0.00 
2,095,946 
0.02% 
1,191,033 
0.01% 
756,123 
0.01% 
3,359,236 
0.04% 
12.2019 
8,407,407,767 
48,587,519 
0.58% 
24,164,744 
0.29% 
9,217,570 
0.11% 
7,857,381 
0.09% 
0.00 
3,341,058 
0.04% 
967,831 
0.01% 
826,009 
0.01% 
2,722,483 
0.03% 
01.2020 
8,398,883,867 
52,075,593 
0.62% 
27,231,007 
0.32% 
9,846,814 
0.12% 
7,655,503 
0.09% 
0.00 
2,932,685 
0.03% 
1,352,389 
0.02% 
811,477 
0.01% 
2,558,952 
0.03% 
02.2020 
8,340,499,156 
38,390,350 
0.46% 
27,165,773 
0.33% 
9,699,180 
0.12% 
7,661,992 
0.09% 
0.00 
2,577,429 
0.03% 
1,477,899 
0.02% 
995,361 
0.01% 
2,611,303 
0.03% 
03.2020 
8,460,971,271 
82,722,920 
0.98% 
26,843,040 
0.32% 
8,264,002 
0.10% 
8,087,534 
0.10% 
0.00 
3,179,392 
0.04% 
1,258,447 
0.01% 
1,149,937 
0.01% 
2,499,758 
0.03% 
04.2020 
8,252,010,647 
117,944,833 
1.43% 
51,517,077 
0.62% 
11,270,115 
0.14% 
11,049,020 
0.13% 
0.00 
4,617,825 
0.06% 
2,429,633 
0.03% 
1,004,879 
0.01% 
2,996,684 
0.04% 
05.2020 
8,103,479,853 
110,866,628 
1.37% 
73,716,263 
0.91% 
29,004,864 
0.36% 
16,674,829 
0.21% 
0.00 
7,634,427 
0.09% 
3,673,931 
0.05% 
2,049,574 
0.03% 
3,316,897 
0.04% 
06.2020 
8,126,748,068 
58,740,213 
0.72% 
37,594,716 
0.46% 
49,320,991 
0.61% 
29,325,967 
0.36% 
0.00 
16,072,588 
0.20% 
5,979,719 
0.07% 
2,899,735 
0.04% 
4,373,925 
0.05% 
07.2020 
8,190,021,323 
50,556,232 
0.62% 
29,442,712 
0.36% 
26,561,694 
0.32% 
50,944,944 
0.62% 
0.00 
27,218,111 
0.33% 
13,347,389 
0.16% 
3,921,427 
0.05% 
6,458,017 
0.08% 
08.2020 
8,143,366,018 
50,878,441 
0.62% 
27,292,625 
0.34% 
19,559,641 
0.24% 
51,699,894 
0.63% 
0.00 
16,568,180 
0.20% 
17,778,850 
0.22% 
9,972,221 
0.12% 
7,380,643 
0.09% 
09.2020 
8,334,084,362 
47,349,769 
0.57% 
35,531,092 
0.43% 
16,052,157 
0.19% 
49,797,690 
0.60% 
0.00 
13,208,750 
0.16% 
10,142,322 
0.12% 
13,048,607 
0.16% 
13,398,011 
0.16% 
10.2020 
8,277,960,472 
49,197,441 
0.59% 
26,193,584 
0.32% 
18,389,164 
0.22% 
46,399,064 
0.56% 
0.00 
11,877,916 
0.14% 
7,585,609 
0.09% 
6,816,729 
0.08% 
20,118,811 
0.24% 
11.2020 
8,243,161,071 
39,783,027 
0.48% 
28,873,041 
0.35% 
18,372,543 
0.22% 
44,352,428 
0.54% 
0.00 
12,435,859 
0.15% 
6,759,340 
0.08% 
5,232,359 
0.06% 
19,924,870 
0.24% 
12.2020 
8,223,320,415 
50,230,956 
0.61% 
25,612,074 
0.31% 
17,738,622 
0.22% 
43,675,334 
0.53% 
0.00 
12,546,673 
0.15% 
6,806,300 
0.08% 
4,578,783 
0.06% 
19,743,577 
0.24% 
01.2021 
8,120,918,281 
42,210,717 
0.52% 
26,324,374 
0.32% 
18,575,916 
0.23% 
43,885,332 
0.54% 
0.00 
11,536,444 
0.14% 
6,761,811 
0.08% 
5,631,640 
0.07% 
19,955,437 
0.25% 
02.2021 
7,991,472,074 
35,594,879 
0.45% 
25,916,127 
0.32% 
18,653,616 
0.23% 
38,607,265 
0.48% 
0.00 
9,538,483 
0.12% 
6,079,632 
0.08% 
4,595,400 
0.06% 
18,393,751 
0.23% 
03.2021 
8,059,769,246 
44,786,513 
0.56% 
25,411,239 
0.32% 
16,593,321 
0.21% 
34,697,343 
0.43% 
0.00 
8,363,285 
0.10% 
5,895,402 
0.07% 
3,995,593 
0.05% 
16,443,064 
0.20% 
04.2021 
8,002,334,262 
41,870,626 
0.52% 
24,225,870 
0.30% 
15,640,686 
0.20% 
32,222,357 
0.40% 
0.00 
8,041,006 
0.10% 
4,986,218 
0.06% 
4,173,016 
0.05% 
15,022,118 
0.19% 
05.2021 
8,010,441,823 
38,670,664 
0.48% 
21,663,964 
0.27% 
13,977,006 
0.17% 
32,674,974 
0.41% 
0.00 
9,709,487 
0.12% 
5,087,906 
0.06% 
3,171,944 
0.04% 
14,705,637 
0.18% 
06.2021 
8,013,972,876 
41,316,416 
0.52% 
23,123,541 
0.29% 
13,492,107 
0.17% 
28,976,909 
0.36% 
0.00 
7,598,812 
0.09% 
5,195,261 
0.06% 
3,161,463 
0.04% 
13,021,373 
0.16% 
07.2021 
7,972,273,984 
44,622,688 
0.56% 
22,517,717 
0.28% 
11,864,080 
0.15% 
24,722,938 
0.31% 
0.00 
7,171,430 
0.09% 
3,704,410 
0.05% 
2,893,048 
0.04% 
10,954,051 
0.14% 
08.2021 
7,893,769,330 
38,962,847 
0.49% 
24,286,966 
0.31% 
13,421,053 
0.17% 
21,539,012 
0.27% 
0.00 
6,200,797 
0.08% 
3,272,523 
0.04% 
2,312,278 
0.03% 
9,753,414 
0.12% 
09.2021 
7,916,360,737 
42,845,043 
0.54% 
24,087,496 
0.30% 
12,791,528 
0.16% 
19,217,041 
0.24% 
0.00 
5,717,155 
0.07% 
2,612,807 
0.03% 
1,969,662 
0.02% 
8,917,417 
0.11% 
10.2021 
7,832,750,515 
42,896,616 
0.55% 
20,455,109 
0.26% 
11,769,170 
0.15% 
17,226,275 
0.22% 
0.00 
5,206,704 
0.07% 
2,842,397 
0.04% 
1,961,254 
0.03% 
7,215,921 
0.09% 
11.2021 
7,794,285,036 
46,448,313 
0.60% 
23,007,360 
0.30% 
11,680,456 
0.15% 
15,849,502 
0.20% 
0.00 
4,917,436 
0.06% 
2,695,129 
0.03% 
1,737,389 
0.02% 
6,499,548 
0.08%

--- Page 170 ---
- 159 - 
 
 
 
Calendar Year/Month 
Principal 
Outstanding 
Delinquent 
balance 1-30  
dpd (£) 
1-30 
dpd (%) 
Delinquent 
balance 31-60  
dpd (£) 
31-60 
dpd (%) 
Delinquent 
balance 61-90  
dpd (£) 
61-90 
dpd (%) 
Delinquent 
balance 91+  
dpd (£) 
91+ 
dpd (%) 
Delinquent 
balance 91-120  
dpd (£) 
91-120 
dpd (%) 
Delinquent 
balance 121-
150 
dpd (£) 
121-
150 
dpd (%) 
Delinquent 
balance 151-
180  
dpd (£) 
151-
180 
dpd (%) 
Delinquent 
balance 180+  
dpd (£) 
180+ 
dpd (%) 
12.2021 
7,783,340,829 
48,370,404 
0.62% 
21,936,217 
0.28% 
11,150,764 
0.14% 
15,364,050 
0.20% 
0.00 
4,564,142 
0.06% 
2,495,943 
0.03% 
1,632,619 
0.02% 
6,671,346 
0.09% 
01.2022 
7,759,275,051 
42,364,666 
0.55% 
22,980,259 
0.30% 
11,188,397 
0.14% 
15,266,109 
0.20% 
0.00 
5,268,906 
0.07% 
2,559,826 
0.03% 
1,467,046 
0.02% 
5,970,331 
0.08% 
02.2022 
7,620,706,711 
31,535,906 
0.41% 
22,515,996 
0.30% 
9,505,023 
0.12% 
11,810,248 
0.15% 
0.00 
3,548,501 
0.05% 
2,029,200 
0.03% 
1,298,111 
0.02% 
4,934,436 
0.06% 
03.2022 
7,699,553,397 
47,297,563 
0.61% 
19,496,997 
0.25% 
8,129,126 
0.11% 
11,455,243 
0.15% 
0.00 
3,465,075 
0.05% 
2,013,730 
0.03% 
1,084,331 
0.01% 
4,892,106 
0.06% 
04.2022 
7,662,915,643 
38,999,632 
0.51% 
20,785,215 
0.27% 
7,551,567 
0.10% 
10,570,219 
0.14% 
0.00 
2,853,042 
0.04% 
1,980,646 
0.03% 
1,158,422 
0.02% 
4,578,110 
0.06% 
05.2022 
7,667,237,400 
50,135,986 
0.65% 
19,508,352 
0.25% 
6,682,196 
0.09% 
10,452,604 
0.14% 
0.00 
3,099,421 
0.04% 
1,722,960 
0.02% 
1,050,903 
0.01% 
4,579,320 
0.06% 
06.2022 
7,680,645,637 
42,122,128 
0.55% 
20,955,339 
0.27% 
7,472,106 
0.10% 
9,613,707 
0.13% 
0.00 
2,535,260 
0.03% 
1,310,861 
0.02% 
1,063,266 
0.01% 
4,704,320 
0.06% 
07.2022 
7,680,648,855 
38,381,147 
0.50% 
16,754,167 
0.22% 
7,159,807 
0.09% 
9,826,560 
0.13% 
0.00 
3,261,320 
0.04% 
1,677,846 
0.02% 
897,205 
0.01% 
3,990,188 
0.05% 
08.2022 
7,600,742,446 
47,050,302 
0.62% 
17,922,875 
0.24% 
6,851,387 
0.09% 
9,589,299 
0.13% 
0.00 
2,897,882 
0.04% 
2,000,974 
0.03% 
934,264 
0.01% 
3,756,178 
0.05% 
09.2022 
7,673,219,728 
36,168,342 
0.47% 
19,693,174 
0.26% 
5,930,473 
0.08% 
9,303,729 
0.12% 
0.00 
2,984,667 
0.04% 
1,559,956 
0.02% 
1,107,966 
0.01% 
3,651,140 
0.05% 
10.2022 
7,663,482,336 
39,952,012 
0.52% 
14,593,915 
0.19% 
6,643,442 
0.09% 
9,827,492 
0.13% 
0.00 
2,997,556 
0.04% 
1,814,272 
0.02% 
1,100,979 
0.01% 
3,914,685 
0.05% 
11.2022 
7,674,642,099 
39,386,674 
0.51% 
17,301,189 
0.23% 
6,493,900 
0.08% 
10,440,070 
0.14% 
0.00 
3,305,637 
0.04% 
1,899,753 
0.02% 
1,311,055 
0.02% 
3,923,626 
0.05% 
12.2022 
7,704,469,044 
41,198,177 
0.53% 
17,615,326 
0.23% 
6,957,561 
0.09% 
11,348,589 
0.15% 
0.00 
3,067,121 
0.04% 
2,408,211 
0.03% 
1,528,673 
0.02% 
4,344,584 
0.06% 
01.2023 
7,724,019,473 
41,283,773 
0.53% 
19,689,292 
0.25% 
8,085,154 
0.10% 
12,606,000 
0.16% 
0.00 
3,681,703 
0.05% 
2,179,871 
0.03% 
1,884,538 
0.02% 
4,859,887 
0.06% 
02.2023 
7,658,174,688 
36,444,764 
0.48% 
22,389,808 
0.29% 
7,431,546 
0.10% 
13,444,545 
0.18% 
0.00 
4,148,320 
0.05% 
2,462,710 
0.03% 
1,613,145 
0.02% 
5,220,370 
0.07% 
03.2023 
7,786,604,028 
37,458,422 
0.48% 
19,146,410 
0.25% 
8,532,470 
0.11% 
13,405,145 
0.17% 
0.00 
3,253,683 
0.04% 
2,599,442 
0.03% 
1,823,322 
0.02% 
5,728,697 
0.07% 
04.2023 
7,834,441,264 
38,624,356 
0.49% 
20,169,842 
0.26% 
7,506,798 
0.10% 
15,460,651 
0.20% 
0.00 
4,764,819 
0.06% 
2,082,209 
0.03% 
2,343,418 
0.03% 
6,270,205 
0.08% 
05.2023 
7,869,016,256 
39,599,630 
0.50% 
17,193,781 
0.22% 
7,749,038 
0.10% 
16,802,552 
0.21% 
0.00 
4,556,751 
0.06% 
3,275,092 
0.04% 
1,668,909 
0.02% 
7,301,801 
0.09% 
06.2023 
7,944,497,869 
41,758,789 
0.53% 
19,019,913 
0.24% 
8,669,642 
0.11% 
16,128,875 
0.20% 
0.00 
3,731,354 
0.05% 
2,468,470 
0.03% 
2,541,041 
0.03% 
7,388,011 
0.09% 
 
 
Used PCP 
 
Calendar Year/Month 
Principal 
Outstanding 
Delinquent 
balance 1-30  
dpd (£) 
1-30 
dpd (%) 
Delinquent 
balance 31-60  
dpd (£) 
31-60 
dpd (%) 
Delinquent 
balance 61-90  
dpd (£) 
61-90 
dpd (%) 
Delinquent 
balance 91+  
dpd (£) 
91+ 
dpd (%) 
Delinquent 
balance 91-120  
dpd (£) 
91-120 
dpd (%) 
Delinquent 
balance 121-
150 
dpd (£) 
121-
150 
dpd (%) 
Delinquent 
balance 151-
180  
dpd (£) 
151-
180 
dpd (%) 
Delinquent 
balance 180+  
dpd (£) 
180+ 
dpd (%) 
06.2007 
134,952,004 
1,593,911 
1.18% 
891,467 
0.66% 
588,785 
0.44% 
470,103 
0.35% 
0.00 
239,026 
0.18% 
63,494 
0.05% 
29,742 
0.02% 
137,841 
0.10% 
07.2007 
136,903,735 
2,278,835 
1.66% 
874,975 
0.64% 
551,132 
0.40% 
586,041 
0.43% 
0.00 
298,721 
0.22% 
123,435 
0.09% 
44,225 
0.03% 
119,659 
0.09% 
08.2007 
138,634,331 
1,698,555 
1.23% 
1,158,221 
0.84% 
473,907 
0.34% 
615,377 
0.44% 
0.00 
251,954 
0.18% 
182,337 
0.13% 
68,693 
0.05% 
112,394 
0.08% 
09.2007 
141,449,839 
2,953,271 
2.09% 
972,568 
0.69% 
558,658 
0.39% 
613,062 
0.43% 
0.00 
275,774 
0.19% 
74,989 
0.05% 
159,974 
0.11% 
102,325 
0.07% 
10.2007 
143,701,064 
2,119,513 
1.47% 
1,044,077 
0.73% 
464,395 
0.32% 
566,941 
0.39% 
0.00 
257,395 
0.18% 
131,527 
0.09% 
19,838 
0.01% 
158,180 
0.11% 
11.2007 
144,850,682 
1,910,308 
1.32% 
1,195,289 
0.83% 
487,646 
0.34% 
523,050 
0.36% 
0.00 
193,986 
0.13% 
120,175 
0.08% 
72,537 
0.05% 
136,351 
0.09% 
12.2007 
146,031,652 
2,391,187 
1.64% 
1,213,921 
0.83% 
587,157 
0.40% 
526,576 
0.36% 
0.00 
140,201 
0.10% 
154,764 
0.11% 
79,535 
0.05% 
152,076 
0.10% 
01.2008 
149,466,779 
1,776,646 
1.19% 
1,249,482 
0.84% 
606,814 
0.41% 
749,976 
0.50% 
0.00 
374,975 
0.25% 
118,489 
0.08% 
114,475 
0.08% 
142,036 
0.10% 
02.2008 
152,176,471 
1,838,409 
1.21% 
1,051,974 
0.69% 
486,623 
0.32% 
830,283 
0.55% 
0.00 
400,578 
0.26% 
191,300 
0.13% 
55,792 
0.04% 
182,612 
0.12% 
03.2008 
155,509,985 
2,829,110 
1.82% 
1,198,396 
0.77% 
371,069 
0.24% 
761,130 
0.49% 
0.00 
321,640 
0.21% 
140,210 
0.09% 
110,682 
0.07% 
188,597 
0.12% 
04.2008 
159,831,684 
2,358,948 
1.48% 
1,160,176 
0.73% 
606,725 
0.38% 
613,972 
0.38% 
0.00 
197,218 
0.12% 
129,726 
0.08% 
105,394 
0.07% 
181,633 
0.11% 
05.2008 
166,539,987 
2,508,250 
1.51% 
1,314,552 
0.79% 
469,489 
0.28% 
828,133 
0.50% 
0.00 
327,801 
0.20% 
163,989 
0.10% 
104,649 
0.06% 
231,694 
0.14% 
06.2008 
176,905,207 
2,405,052 
1.36% 
1,058,526 
0.60% 
772,027 
0.44% 
849,569 
0.48% 
0.00 
220,965 
0.12% 
267,545 
0.15% 
135,912 
0.08% 
225,147 
0.13% 
07.2008 
187,938,797 
2,668,042 
1.42% 
1,249,526 
0.66% 
538,444 
0.29% 
950,831 
0.51% 
0.00 
319,149 
0.17% 
164,719 
0.09% 
179,149 
0.10% 
287,814 
0.15% 
08.2008 
199,718,567 
2,955,793 
1.48% 
1,556,986 
0.78% 
734,427 
0.37% 
896,745 
0.45% 
0.00 
321,015 
0.16% 
189,442 
0.09% 
107,886 
0.05% 
278,403 
0.14% 
09.2008 
210,337,757 
3,001,889 
1.43% 
2,149,049 
1.02% 
664,295 
0.32% 
839,337 
0.40% 
0.00 
371,381 
0.18% 
182,996 
0.09% 
90,852 
0.04% 
194,108 
0.09% 
10.2008 
219,938,173 
3,625,604 
1.65% 
1,927,920 
0.88% 
1,158,131 
0.53% 
865,525 
0.39% 
0.00 
474,117 
0.22% 
185,389 
0.08% 
73,344 
0.03% 
132,675 
0.06% 
11.2008 
228,000,274 
2,931,417 
1.29% 
1,972,585 
0.87% 
1,091,165 
0.48% 
1,403,935 
0.62% 
0.00 
772,098 
0.34% 
377,695 
0.17% 
117,110 
0.05% 
137,032 
0.06% 
12.2008 
234,322,218 
3,509,273 
1.50% 
1,502,136 
0.64% 
1,050,203 
0.45% 
1,710,337 
0.73% 
0.00 
714,856 
0.31% 
478,484 
0.20% 
306,820 
0.13% 
210,175 
0.09% 
01.2009 
245,009,041 
3,413,290 
1.39% 
2,687,282 
1.10% 
1,031,019 
0.42% 
1,858,277 
0.76% 
0.00 
686,477 
0.28% 
502,725 
0.21% 
327,185 
0.13% 
341,890 
0.14% 
02.2009 
254,795,255 
3,821,515 
1.50% 
2,159,393 
0.85% 
1,490,493 
0.58% 
1,821,790 
0.72% 
0.00 
570,306 
0.22% 
426,093 
0.17% 
369,000 
0.14% 
456,391 
0.18% 
03.2009 
266,583,480 
4,362,513 
1.64% 
1,880,012 
0.71% 
735,087 
0.28% 
1,628,295 
0.61% 
0.00 
586,210 
0.22% 
288,179 
0.11% 
212,880 
0.08% 
541,027 
0.20% 
04.2009 
278,517,288 
4,273,602 
1.53% 
2,146,566 
0.77% 
995,962 
0.36% 
1,517,403 
0.54% 
0.00 
421,876 
0.15% 
429,335 
0.15% 
153,826 
0.06% 
512,365 
0.18% 
05.2009 
288,830,795 
3,992,116 
1.38% 
1,762,555 
0.61% 
889,898 
0.31% 
1,702,076 
0.59% 
0.00 
638,346 
0.22% 
231,171 
0.08% 
384,765 
0.13% 
447,794 
0.16% 
06.2009 
299,402,111 
4,286,478 
1.43% 
1,625,312 
0.54% 
809,195 
0.27% 
1,679,516 
0.56% 
0.00 
510,154 
0.17% 
411,834 
0.14% 
212,652 
0.07% 
544,876 
0.18% 
07.2009 
308,615,421 
5,204,183 
1.69% 
1,562,280 
0.51% 
912,769 
0.30% 
1,537,844 
0.50% 
0.00 
343,006 
0.11% 
332,099 
0.11% 
264,178 
0.09% 
598,561 
0.19% 
08.2009 
318,066,545 
4,363,525 
1.37% 
2,077,366 
0.65% 
765,788 
0.24% 
1,643,189 
0.52% 
0.00 
626,017 
0.20% 
271,559 
0.09% 
219,758 
0.07% 
525,854 
0.17% 
09.2009 
329,701,872 
4,741,284 
1.44% 
2,102,191 
0.64% 
1,128,595 
0.34% 
1,629,449 
0.49% 
0.00 
494,504 
0.15% 
399,348 
0.12% 
171,700 
0.05% 
563,897 
0.17% 
10.2009 
340,367,875 
5,509,876 
1.62% 
1,481,926 
0.44% 
912,028 
0.27% 
1,520,386 
0.45% 
0.00 
510,517 
0.15% 
244,798 
0.07% 
286,376 
0.08% 
478,695 
0.14% 
11.2009 
346,238,305 
4,544,675 
1.31% 
2,137,423 
0.62% 
813,250 
0.23% 
1,539,487 
0.44% 
0.00 
537,765 
0.16% 
314,727 
0.09% 
148,245 
0.04% 
538,750 
0.16% 
12.2009 
353,268,256 
5,484,167 
1.55% 
1,884,040 
0.53% 
874,335 
0.25% 
1,583,092 
0.45% 
0.00 
526,373 
0.15% 
410,359 
0.12% 
197,324 
0.06% 
449,038 
0.13% 
01.2010 
359,628,259 
5,677,645 
1.58% 
2,212,249 
0.62% 
1,056,411 
0.29% 
1,650,611 
0.46% 
0.00 
618,214 
0.17% 
362,398 
0.10% 
222,503 
0.06% 
447,496 
0.12% 
02.2010 
367,314,490 
5,072,765 
1.38% 
2,586,253 
0.70% 
876,748 
0.24% 
1,445,398 
0.39% 
0.00 
380,839 
0.10% 
339,579 
0.09% 
222,456 
0.06% 
502,524 
0.14% 
03.2010 
375,488,146 
6,821,202 
1.82% 
2,418,632 
0.64% 
988,892 
0.26% 
1,246,261 
0.33% 
0.00 
310,322 
0.08% 
203,919 
0.05% 
232,456 
0.06% 
499,563 
0.13% 
04.2010 
381,839,614 
5,694,520 
1.49% 
2,714,657 
0.71% 
784,241 
0.21% 
1,633,177 
0.43% 
0.00 
669,859 
0.18% 
193,813 
0.05% 
128,393 
0.03% 
641,112 
0.17% 
05.2010 
390,416,297 
5,121,128 
1.31% 
2,177,883 
0.56% 
983,795 
0.25% 
1,638,820 
0.42% 
0.00 
464,226 
0.12% 
335,121 
0.09% 
182,015 
0.05% 
657,458 
0.17% 
06.2010 
397,373,377 
5,193,116 
1.31% 
2,043,808 
0.51% 
896,840 
0.23% 
1,623,541 
0.41% 
0.00 
448,526 
0.11% 
304,174 
0.08% 
226,000 
0.06% 
644,841 
0.16% 
07.2010 
407,357,492 
5,375,787 
1.32% 
1,974,425 
0.48% 
884,943 
0.22% 
1,750,304 
0.43% 
0.00 
591,668 
0.15% 
248,858 
0.06% 
193,830 
0.05% 
715,948 
0.18% 
08.2010 
417,718,796 
4,835,406 
1.16% 
2,222,494 
0.53% 
859,784 
0.21% 
1,740,643 
0.42% 
0.00 
456,597 
0.11% 
323,919 
0.08% 
206,489 
0.05% 
753,639 
0.18% 
09.2010 
422,840,818 
5,261,135 
1.24% 
2,493,961 
0.59% 
856,471 
0.20% 
1,777,655 
0.42% 
0.00 
457,712 
0.11% 
305,320 
0.07% 
232,062 
0.05% 
782,561 
0.19% 
10.2010 
441,395,116 
5,756,263 
1.30% 
1,848,498 
0.42% 
1,174,952 
0.27% 
1,977,890 
0.45% 
0.00 
528,998 
0.12% 
309,787 
0.07% 
267,528 
0.06% 
871,578 
0.20% 
11.2010 
457,635,363 
5,846,408 
1.28% 
2,017,765 
0.44% 
969,176 
0.21% 
1,798,387 
0.39% 
0.00 
519,370 
0.11% 
320,912 
0.07% 
184,907 
0.04% 
773,198 
0.17% 
12.2010 
462,023,273 
5,926,940 
1.28% 
2,202,358 
0.48% 
1,029,289 
0.22% 
1,937,423 
0.42% 
0.00 
574,672 
0.12% 
298,184 
0.06% 
212,655 
0.05% 
851,912 
0.18%

--- Page 171 ---
- 160 - 
 
 
 
Calendar Year/Month 
Principal 
Outstanding 
Delinquent 
balance 1-30  
dpd (£) 
1-30 
dpd (%) 
Delinquent 
balance 31-60  
dpd (£) 
31-60 
dpd (%) 
Delinquent 
balance 61-90  
dpd (£) 
61-90 
dpd (%) 
Delinquent 
balance 91+  
dpd (£) 
91+ 
dpd (%) 
Delinquent 
balance 91-120  
dpd (£) 
91-120 
dpd (%) 
Delinquent 
balance 121-
150 
dpd (£) 
121-
150 
dpd (%) 
Delinquent 
balance 151-
180  
dpd (£) 
151-
180 
dpd (%) 
Delinquent 
balance 180+  
dpd (£) 
180+ 
dpd (%) 
01.2011 
465,728,163 
5,524,802 
1.19% 
2,356,674 
0.51% 
1,123,981 
0.24% 
2,295,513 
0.49% 
0.00 
833,057 
0.18% 
462,527 
0.10% 
174,753 
0.04% 
825,176 
0.18% 
02.2011 
470,182,324 
5,952,971 
1.27% 
2,278,134 
0.48% 
761,818 
0.16% 
2,219,293 
0.47% 
0.00 
533,575 
0.11% 
487,354 
0.10% 
338,186 
0.07% 
860,178 
0.18% 
03.2011 
472,691,753 
6,941,591 
1.47% 
2,467,077 
0.52% 
1,000,122 
0.21% 
1,751,577 
0.37% 
0.00 
400,561 
0.08% 
316,894 
0.07% 
254,481 
0.05% 
779,641 
0.16% 
04.2011 
474,290,537 
6,413,967 
1.35% 
2,468,608 
0.52% 
1,202,788 
0.25% 
1,916,593 
0.40% 
0.00 
454,397 
0.10% 
230,192 
0.05% 
277,424 
0.06% 
954,581 
0.20% 
05.2011 
477,948,435 
5,808,872 
1.22% 
1,859,257 
0.39% 
1,301,059 
0.27% 
2,172,202 
0.45% 
0.00 
830,912 
0.17% 
246,804 
0.05% 
153,766 
0.03% 
940,720 
0.20% 
06.2011 
482,426,834 
6,826,345 
1.42% 
2,060,782 
0.43% 
933,053 
0.19% 
2,163,341 
0.45% 
0.00 
650,103 
0.13% 
511,653 
0.11% 
150,344 
0.03% 
851,242 
0.18% 
07.2011 
485,333,306 
6,714,638 
1.38% 
1,938,596 
0.40% 
1,033,236 
0.21% 
2,293,580 
0.47% 
0.00 
633,601 
0.13% 
403,907 
0.08% 
382,803 
0.08% 
873,269 
0.18% 
08.2011 
490,501,404 
6,599,564 
1.35% 
1,955,963 
0.40% 
1,202,283 
0.25% 
2,137,842 
0.44% 
0.00 
568,342 
0.12% 
332,409 
0.07% 
294,731 
0.06% 
942,361 
0.19% 
09.2011 
492,076,108 
5,898,090 
1.20% 
2,182,495 
0.44% 
992,618 
0.20% 
2,146,416 
0.44% 
0.00 
656,735 
0.13% 
241,411 
0.05% 
277,546 
0.06% 
970,724 
0.20% 
10.2011 
495,098,757 
6,188,115 
1.25% 
1,878,497 
0.38% 
1,102,797 
0.22% 
2,178,772 
0.44% 
0.00 
657,087 
0.13% 
342,115 
0.07% 
166,436 
0.03% 
1,013,134 
0.20% 
11.2011 
496,854,844 
5,496,211 
1.11% 
2,209,923 
0.44% 
848,505 
0.17% 
2,100,881 
0.42% 
0.00 
618,543 
0.12% 
397,176 
0.08% 
211,021 
0.04% 
874,141 
0.18% 
12.2011 
496,086,482 
6,792,413 
1.37% 
1,972,888 
0.40% 
996,356 
0.20% 
1,948,869 
0.39% 
0.00 
494,018 
0.10% 
396,951 
0.08% 
234,606 
0.05% 
823,294 
0.17% 
01.2012 
500,114,164 
6,647,000 
1.33% 
2,303,641 
0.46% 
1,136,764 
0.23% 
1,943,541 
0.39% 
0.00 
642,284 
0.13% 
293,009 
0.06% 
237,439 
0.05% 
770,810 
0.15% 
02.2012 
503,613,660 
5,843,506 
1.16% 
2,238,357 
0.44% 
817,289 
0.16% 
1,811,798 
0.36% 
0.00 
544,089 
0.11% 
365,506 
0.07% 
193,850 
0.04% 
708,353 
0.14% 
03.2012 
505,996,073 
7,053,899 
1.39% 
2,241,953 
0.44% 
826,246 
0.16% 
1,547,021 
0.31% 
0.00 
448,410 
0.09% 
266,220 
0.05% 
208,915 
0.04% 
623,477 
0.12% 
04.2012 
512,755,113 
6,009,911 
1.17% 
2,294,988 
0.45% 
870,983 
0.17% 
1,614,671 
0.31% 
0.00 
566,804 
0.11% 
229,812 
0.04% 
209,959 
0.04% 
608,097 
0.12% 
05.2012 
517,526,936 
8,999,279 
1.74% 
2,279,900 
0.44% 
975,826 
0.19% 
1,705,216 
0.33% 
0.00 
617,094 
0.12% 
322,256 
0.06% 
147,384 
0.03% 
618,483 
0.12% 
06.2012 
520,109,624 
8,166,875 
1.57% 
2,730,456 
0.52% 
995,144 
0.19% 
1,711,054 
0.33% 
0.00 
488,263 
0.09% 
350,564 
0.07% 
245,720 
0.05% 
626,507 
0.12% 
07.2012 
524,548,880 
7,382,860 
1.41% 
2,473,628 
0.47% 
979,697 
0.19% 
1,773,552 
0.34% 
0.00 
522,456 
0.10% 
309,741 
0.06% 
249,208 
0.05% 
692,148 
0.13% 
08.2012 
527,695,931 
6,723,922 
1.27% 
2,501,155 
0.47% 
1,002,373 
0.19% 
1,665,406 
0.32% 
0.00 
626,091 
0.12% 
226,543 
0.04% 
164,768 
0.03% 
648,004 
0.12% 
09.2012 
529,326,510 
6,442,162 
1.22% 
2,222,823 
0.42% 
1,163,323 
0.22% 
1,473,526 
0.28% 
0.00 
410,915 
0.08% 
335,207 
0.06% 
169,847 
0.03% 
557,556 
0.11% 
10.2012 
545,736,547 
6,420,703 
1.18% 
2,003,136 
0.37% 
772,116 
0.14% 
1,426,572 
0.26% 
0.00 
610,461 
0.11% 
170,788 
0.03% 
168,503 
0.03% 
476,821 
0.09% 
11.2012 
548,335,350 
6,447,099 
1.18% 
2,018,500 
0.37% 
963,503 
0.18% 
1,150,643 
0.21% 
0.00 
235,336 
0.04% 
307,685 
0.06% 
88,049 
0.02% 
519,573 
0.09% 
12.2012 
552,619,768 
6,636,870 
1.20% 
2,419,224 
0.44% 
1,008,623 
0.18% 
1,455,082 
0.26% 
0.00 
479,966 
0.09% 
195,676 
0.04% 
245,366 
0.04% 
534,074 
0.10% 
01.2013 
556,753,249 
7,132,599 
1.28% 
2,397,445 
0.43% 
1,432,547 
0.26% 
1,705,603 
0.31% 
0.00 
549,184 
0.10% 
343,499 
0.06% 
112,771 
0.02% 
700,149 
0.13% 
02.2013 
558,258,000 
5,788,175 
1.04% 
2,332,270 
0.42% 
982,779 
0.18% 
1,832,110 
0.33% 
0.00 
797,372 
0.14% 
236,705 
0.04% 
177,616 
0.03% 
620,418 
0.11% 
03.2013 
557,159,660 
30,021,222 
5.39% 
2,415,396 
0.43% 
925,560 
0.17% 
1,992,518 
0.36% 
0.00 
701,137 
0.13% 
501,740 
0.09% 
191,752 
0.03% 
597,889 
0.11% 
04.2013 
565,387,886 
6,863,265 
1.21% 
2,423,299 
0.43% 
1,004,825 
0.18% 
1,740,471 
0.31% 
0.00 
510,761 
0.09% 
367,959 
0.07% 
342,864 
0.06% 
518,888 
0.09% 
05.2013 
565,147,958 
6,833,106 
1.21% 
2,084,255 
0.37% 
1,095,673 
0.19% 
1,830,660 
0.32% 
0.00 
583,448 
0.10% 
399,848 
0.07% 
206,719 
0.04% 
640,645 
0.11% 
06.2013 
572,431,705 
6,178,701 
1.08% 
2,464,846 
0.43% 
1,193,428 
0.21% 
1,661,237 
0.29% 
0.00 
570,269 
0.10% 
240,083 
0.04% 
196,238 
0.03% 
654,646 
0.11% 
07.2013 
586,049,875 
9,113,253 
1.56% 
2,857,959 
0.49% 
1,277,451 
0.22% 
1,810,930 
0.31% 
0.00 
722,637 
0.12% 
333,895 
0.06% 
144,027 
0.02% 
610,372 
0.10% 
08.2013 
608,283,160 
6,825,352 
1.12% 
3,170,380 
0.52% 
1,298,107 
0.21% 
1,957,696 
0.32% 
0.00 
761,027 
0.13% 
393,921 
0.06% 
224,410 
0.04% 
578,338 
0.10% 
09.2013 
628,578,240 
6,361,336 
1.01% 
3,059,355 
0.49% 
1,459,159 
0.23% 
1,964,977 
0.31% 
0.00 
702,874 
0.11% 
344,340 
0.05% 
249,547 
0.04% 
668,217 
0.11% 
10.2013 
655,113,934 
6,721,342 
1.03% 
2,249,378 
0.34% 
1,460,635 
0.22% 
1,862,520 
0.28% 
0.00 
615,455 
0.09% 
447,519 
0.07% 
207,708 
0.03% 
591,838 
0.09% 
11.2013 
673,498,711 
6,185,462 
0.92% 
2,380,365 
0.35% 
1,207,336 
0.18% 
2,151,136 
0.32% 
0.00 
757,235 
0.11% 
416,345 
0.06% 
342,233 
0.05% 
635,324 
0.09% 
12.2013 
692,031,640 
6,598,358 
0.95% 
2,378,628 
0.34% 
848,695 
0.12% 
2,219,777 
0.32% 
0.00 
643,262 
0.09% 
528,493 
0.08% 
308,497 
0.04% 
739,526 
0.11% 
01.2014 
718,656,211 
6,565,738 
0.91% 
2,390,482 
0.33% 
1,165,611 
0.16% 
2,098,777 
0.29% 
0.00 
545,151 
0.08% 
469,120 
0.07% 
352,125 
0.05% 
732,381 
0.10% 
02.2014 
736,811,115 
6,094,810 
0.83% 
2,001,772 
0.27% 
1,229,224 
0.17% 
1,849,936 
0.25% 
0.00 
564,301 
0.08% 
314,845 
0.04% 
292,561 
0.04% 
678,228 
0.09% 
03.2014 
762,095,432 
6,080,205 
0.80% 
1,944,167 
0.26% 
926,196 
0.12% 
1,817,992 
0.24% 
0.00 
514,489 
0.07% 
385,427 
0.05% 
268,846 
0.04% 
649,229 
0.09% 
04.2014 
787,600,058 
7,323,155 
0.93% 
2,382,107 
0.30% 
922,758 
0.12% 
1,892,644 
0.24% 
0.00 
464,968 
0.06% 
568,566 
0.07% 
239,492 
0.03% 
619,618 
0.08% 
05.2014 
814,803,671 
6,014,934 
0.74% 
2,183,711 
0.27% 
1,073,574 
0.13% 
1,756,721 
0.22% 
0.00 
538,650 
0.07% 
307,956 
0.04% 
262,019 
0.03% 
648,096 
0.08% 
06.2014 
844,240,956 
6,517,805 
0.77% 
1,864,255 
0.22% 
1,144,574 
0.14% 
1,741,216 
0.21% 
0.00 
611,583 
0.07% 
321,925 
0.04% 
176,215 
0.02% 
631,492 
0.07% 
07.2014 
874,675,715 
7,115,366 
0.81% 
1,940,765 
0.22% 
830,742 
0.09% 
1,903,938 
0.22% 
0.00 
794,096 
0.09% 
292,356 
0.03% 
240,845 
0.03% 
576,640 
0.07% 
08.2014 
902,362,505 
6,175,412 
0.68% 
2,656,849 
0.29% 
1,310,896 
0.15% 
1,973,296 
0.22% 
0.00 
612,439 
0.07% 
471,599 
0.05% 
293,378 
0.03% 
595,880 
0.07% 
09.2014 
933,088,141 
7,131,316 
0.76% 
2,361,675 
0.25% 
1,205,195 
0.13% 
2,294,117 
0.25% 
0.00 
879,573 
0.09% 
430,105 
0.05% 
304,001 
0.03% 
680,438 
0.07% 
10.2014 
986,834,577 
7,440,294 
0.75% 
2,197,802 
0.22% 
1,162,930 
0.12% 
2,583,434 
0.26% 
0.00 
867,234 
0.09% 
595,762 
0.06% 
275,638 
0.03% 
844,801 
0.09% 
11.2014 
1,014,393,770 
6,488,259 
0.64% 
2,763,607 
0.27% 
1,323,031 
0.13% 
2,525,811 
0.25% 
0.00 
790,642 
0.08% 
593,555 
0.06% 
373,044 
0.04% 
768,570 
0.08% 
12.2014 
1,040,489,853 
8,123,522 
0.78% 
2,440,745 
0.23% 
1,470,105 
0.14% 
2,356,696 
0.23% 
0.00 
766,102 
0.07% 
537,305 
0.05% 
254,500 
0.02% 
798,789 
0.08% 
01.2015 
1,068,974,289 
7,424,543 
0.69% 
4,018,171 
0.38% 
1,598,938 
0.15% 
2,404,664 
0.22% 
0.00 
913,183 
0.09% 
442,705 
0.04% 
255,235 
0.02% 
793,541 
0.07% 
02.2015 
1,097,564,337 
6,243,592 
0.57% 
3,762,314 
0.34% 
1,502,818 
0.14% 
2,351,616 
0.21% 
0.00 
776,701 
0.07% 
508,274 
0.05% 
240,139 
0.02% 
826,503 
0.08% 
03.2015 
1,120,736,416 
9,987,045 
0.89% 
3,263,708 
0.29% 
1,865,640 
0.17% 
2,156,170 
0.19% 
0.00 
854,992 
0.08% 
444,855 
0.04% 
271,737 
0.02% 
584,586 
0.05% 
04.2015 
1,152,104,759 
5,990,415 
0.52% 
3,226,366 
0.28% 
1,604,384 
0.14% 
2,511,391 
0.22% 
0.00 
1,130,011 
0.10% 
603,601 
0.05% 
279,405 
0.02% 
498,375 
0.04% 
05.2015 
1,185,974,682 
7,542,954 
0.64% 
2,597,082 
0.22% 
1,826,953 
0.15% 
2,962,801 
0.25% 
0.00 
1,181,393 
0.10% 
749,839 
0.06% 
528,229 
0.04% 
503,341 
0.04% 
06.2015 
1,211,155,296 
11,694,062 
0.97% 
2,867,871 
0.24% 
1,432,695 
0.12% 
2,944,697 
0.24% 
0.00 
1,194,822 
0.10% 
680,772 
0.06% 
481,452 
0.04% 
587,652 
0.05% 
07.2015 
1,250,152,489 
11,167,563 
0.89% 
2,724,172 
0.22% 
1,722,433 
0.14% 
2,911,798 
0.23% 
0.00 
1,004,126 
0.08% 
776,871 
0.06% 
364,317 
0.03% 
766,484 
0.06% 
08.2015 
1,296,450,756 
7,936,480 
0.61% 
3,777,201 
0.29% 
1,764,417 
0.14% 
3,370,132 
0.26% 
0.00 
1,264,085 
0.10% 
791,419 
0.06% 
585,630 
0.05% 
728,997 
0.06% 
09.2015 
1,330,110,843 
8,189,821 
0.62% 
3,391,452 
0.25% 
1,746,051 
0.13% 
3,451,163 
0.26% 
0.00 
1,203,157 
0.09% 
828,399 
0.06% 
529,160 
0.04% 
890,447 
0.07% 
10.2015 
1,371,907,708 
9,023,102 
0.66% 
3,010,592 
0.22% 
1,566,914 
0.11% 
3,808,609 
0.28% 
0.00 
1,324,510 
0.10% 
698,323 
0.05% 
714,541 
0.05% 
1,071,235 
0.08% 
11.2015 
1,399,929,511 
8,353,179 
0.60% 
3,303,452 
0.24% 
1,761,708 
0.13% 
3,749,704 
0.27% 
0.00 
1,106,642 
0.08% 
923,798 
0.07% 
543,765 
0.04% 
1,175,499 
0.08% 
12.2015 
1,472,437,055 
10,509,658 
0.71% 
3,244,563 
0.22% 
1,701,455 
0.12% 
3,810,380 
0.26% 
0.00 
1,102,396 
0.07% 
763,445 
0.05% 
680,188 
0.05% 
1,264,351 
0.09% 
01.2016 
1,518,928,930 
9,292,279 
0.61% 
4,530,836 
0.30% 
1,833,400 
0.12% 
3,859,852 
0.25% 
0.00 
1,231,708 
0.08% 
745,343 
0.05% 
529,291 
0.03% 
1,353,510 
0.09% 
02.2016 
1,551,932,060 
8,460,283 
0.55% 
4,048,903 
0.26% 
2,105,384 
0.14% 
3,835,353 
0.25% 
0.00 
1,098,490 
0.07% 
797,900 
0.05% 
609,572 
0.04% 
1,329,390 
0.09% 
03.2016 
1,573,778,099 
12,054,073 
0.77% 
3,820,555 
0.24% 
1,544,988 
0.10% 
3,516,180 
0.22% 
0.00 
1,077,568 
0.07% 
750,338 
0.05% 
442,211 
0.03% 
1,246,063 
0.08% 
04.2016 
1,597,301,392 
8,590,349 
0.54% 
4,378,466 
0.27% 
1,704,334 
0.11% 
3,240,738 
0.20% 
0.00 
1,149,233 
0.07% 
692,385 
0.04% 
497,867 
0.03% 
901,253 
0.06% 
05.2016 
1,636,366,670 
10,766,822 
0.66% 
3,153,373 
0.19% 
1,734,157 
0.11% 
3,374,545 
0.21% 
0.00 
1,269,239 
0.08% 
725,367 
0.04% 
445,098 
0.03% 
934,841 
0.06% 
06.2016 
1,653,114,543 
11,468,449 
0.69% 
4,573,803 
0.28% 
1,593,411 
0.10% 
2,226,600 
0.13% 
0.00 
628,381 
0.04% 
480,742 
0.03% 
291,898 
0.02% 
825,579 
0.05% 
07.2016 
1,681,235,972 
11,376,485 
0.68% 
3,606,434 
0.21% 
1,986,067 
0.12% 
2,307,455 
0.14% 
0.00 
806,655 
0.05% 
367,559 
0.02% 
243,247 
0.01% 
889,993 
0.05% 
08.2016 
1,708,240,211 
12,419,971 
0.73% 
4,652,727 
0.27% 
2,036,617 
0.12% 
2,449,640 
0.14% 
0.00 
958,977 
0.06% 
461,901 
0.03% 
209,782 
0.01% 
818,980 
0.05% 
09.2016 
1,744,368,676 
12,816,551 
0.73% 
5,163,729 
0.30% 
1,715,381 
0.10% 
2,131,511 
0.12% 
0.00 
708,750 
0.04% 
389,917 
0.02% 
279,997 
0.02% 
752,847 
0.04% 
10.2016 
1,800,435,341 
13,427,473 
0.75% 
4,503,253 
0.25% 
2,133,381 
0.12% 
2,416,932 
0.13% 
0.00 
873,515 
0.05% 
362,093 
0.02% 
391,511 
0.02% 
789,813 
0.04% 
11.2016 
1,825,556,320 
12,547,253 
0.69% 
5,334,451 
0.29% 
2,142,653 
0.12% 
2,580,632 
0.14% 
0.00 
943,016 
0.05% 
521,155 
0.03% 
264,419 
0.01% 
852,042 
0.05% 
12.2016 
1,851,726,660 
13,038,776 
0.70% 
4,802,268 
0.26% 
2,239,617 
0.12% 
3,307,828 
0.18% 
0.00 
1,447,765 
0.08% 
631,619 
0.03% 
335,607 
0.02% 
892,837 
0.05% 
01.2017 
1,893,577,042 
14,967,585 
0.79% 
6,090,412 
0.32% 
2,671,367 
0.14% 
3,749,538 
0.20% 
0.00 
1,541,322 
0.08% 
904,351 
0.05% 
345,334 
0.02% 
958,531 
0.05% 
02.2017 
1,928,387,889 
13,309,105 
0.69% 
6,562,301 
0.34% 
2,760,475 
0.14% 
3,231,467 
0.17% 
0.00 
1,415,913 
0.07% 
585,470 
0.03% 
340,742 
0.02% 
889,342 
0.05%

--- Page 172 ---
- 161 - 
 
 
 
Calendar Year/Month 
Principal 
Outstanding 
Delinquent 
balance 1-30  
dpd (£) 
1-30 
dpd (%) 
Delinquent 
balance 31-60  
dpd (£) 
31-60 
dpd (%) 
Delinquent 
balance 61-90  
dpd (£) 
61-90 
dpd (%) 
Delinquent 
balance 91+  
dpd (£) 
91+ 
dpd (%) 
Delinquent 
balance 91-120  
dpd (£) 
91-120 
dpd (%) 
Delinquent 
balance 121-
150 
dpd (£) 
121-
150 
dpd (%) 
Delinquent 
balance 151-
180  
dpd (£) 
151-
180 
dpd (%) 
Delinquent 
balance 180+  
dpd (£) 
180+ 
dpd (%) 
03.2017 
1,982,999,516 
15,150,058 
0.76% 
6,173,736 
0.31% 
2,328,757 
0.12% 
3,420,481 
0.17% 
0.00 
1,560,876 
0.08% 
572,700 
0.03% 
285,285 
0.01% 
1,001,620 
0.05% 
04.2017 
2,023,129,967 
12,794,625 
0.63% 
6,888,915 
0.34% 
2,740,813 
0.14% 
3,435,547 
0.17% 
0.00 
989,169 
0.05% 
1,097,111 
0.05% 
351,757 
0.02% 
997,510 
0.05% 
05.2017 
2,078,650,112 
17,469,985 
0.84% 
6,012,481 
0.29% 
3,080,366 
0.15% 
4,171,202 
0.20% 
0.00 
1,528,630 
0.07% 
785,094 
0.04% 
770,304 
0.04% 
1,087,173 
0.05% 
06.2017 
2,119,011,507 
14,848,460 
0.70% 
6,447,355 
0.30% 
2,954,127 
0.14% 
4,025,939 
0.19% 
0.00 
1,331,626 
0.06% 
753,014 
0.04% 
531,329 
0.03% 
1,409,970 
0.07% 
07.2017 
2,151,312,084 
17,095,261 
0.79% 
6,462,983 
0.30% 
2,666,893 
0.12% 
4,219,112 
0.20% 
0.00 
1,623,175 
0.08% 
847,738 
0.04% 
446,578 
0.02% 
1,301,621 
0.06% 
08.2017 
2,190,598,004 
15,567,610 
0.71% 
6,659,880 
0.30% 
3,074,429 
0.14% 
3,526,451 
0.16% 
0.00 
1,230,090 
0.06% 
702,388 
0.03% 
407,650 
0.02% 
1,186,323 
0.05% 
09.2017 
2,245,981,447 
14,354,134 
0.64% 
8,515,708 
0.38% 
2,817,212 
0.13% 
3,743,814 
0.17% 
0.00 
1,552,567 
0.07% 
668,924 
0.03% 
391,937 
0.02% 
1,130,386 
0.05% 
10.2017 
2,315,661,273 
23,321,192 
1.01% 
7,826,151 
0.34% 
3,383,172 
0.15% 
3,905,604 
0.17% 
0.00 
1,478,614 
0.06% 
756,313 
0.03% 
419,140 
0.02% 
1,251,537 
0.05% 
11.2017 
2,371,279,118 
20,022,090 
0.84% 
9,494,562 
0.40% 
3,909,797 
0.16% 
4,435,483 
0.19% 
0.00 
1,711,846 
0.07% 
795,095 
0.03% 
486,542 
0.02% 
1,442,000 
0.06% 
12.2017 
2,407,368,976 
18,776,132 
0.78% 
8,880,038 
0.37% 
3,919,007 
0.16% 
5,383,347 
0.22% 
0.00 
1,889,594 
0.08% 
1,318,018 
0.05% 
530,800 
0.02% 
1,644,936 
0.07% 
01.2018 
2,476,154,955 
22,807,597 
0.92% 
10,964,536 
0.44% 
4,733,600 
0.19% 
5,145,491 
0.21% 
0.00 
1,808,289 
0.07% 
990,703 
0.04% 
673,491 
0.03% 
1,673,008 
0.07% 
02.2018 
2,524,499,097 
18,866,389 
0.75% 
12,827,063 
0.51% 
4,851,814 
0.19% 
5,638,124 
0.22% 
0.00 
2,032,828 
0.08% 
1,119,364 
0.04% 
696,983 
0.03% 
1,788,950 
0.07% 
03.2018 
2,585,965,254 
19,176,283 
0.74% 
11,487,423 
0.44% 
4,740,213 
0.18% 
6,162,932 
0.24% 
0.00 
2,295,317 
0.09% 
1,270,602 
0.05% 
729,315 
0.03% 
1,867,698 
0.07% 
04.2018 
2,652,900,242 
20,084,287 
0.76% 
12,938,007 
0.49% 
4,477,980 
0.17% 
5,647,303 
0.21% 
0.00 
1,719,800 
0.06% 
1,338,211 
0.05% 
611,410 
0.02% 
1,977,883 
0.07% 
05.2018 
2,704,728,941 
25,525,885 
0.94% 
11,246,015 
0.42% 
3,712,472 
0.14% 
6,304,056 
0.23% 
0.00 
1,990,358 
0.07% 
1,067,282 
0.04% 
1,085,997 
0.04% 
2,160,419 
0.08% 
06.2018 
2,764,496,703 
21,699,431 
0.78% 
13,003,182 
0.47% 
4,380,567 
0.16% 
5,951,992 
0.22% 
0.00 
1,660,391 
0.06% 
1,121,033 
0.04% 
834,678 
0.03% 
2,335,890 
0.08% 
07.2018 
2,820,351,473 
30,313,943 
1.07% 
11,518,876 
0.41% 
4,868,484 
0.17% 
5,995,281 
0.21% 
0.00 
1,861,477 
0.07% 
1,061,298 
0.04% 
788,891 
0.03% 
2,283,614 
0.08% 
08.2018 
2,903,300,371 
27,221,627 
0.94% 
13,603,461 
0.47% 
5,068,318 
0.17% 
5,576,068 
0.19% 
0.00 
1,844,939 
0.06% 
870,405 
0.03% 
633,374 
0.02% 
2,227,350 
0.08% 
09.2018 
2,974,394,433 
22,110,320 
0.74% 
14,549,342 
0.49% 
4,695,918 
0.16% 
4,473,673 
0.15% 
0.00 
1,522,163 
0.05% 
411,201 
0.01% 
420,671 
0.01% 
2,119,638 
0.07% 
10.2018 
3,052,010,102 
28,716,726 
0.94% 
13,085,789 
0.43% 
4,291,980 
0.14% 
4,436,866 
0.15% 
0.00 
1,164,254 
0.04% 
955,017 
0.03% 
298,768 
0.01% 
2,018,827 
0.07% 
11.2018 
3,089,519,113 
25,261,199 
0.82% 
17,679,416 
0.57% 
5,422,230 
0.18% 
4,746,376 
0.15% 
0.00 
1,458,088 
0.05% 
528,246 
0.02% 
636,673 
0.02% 
2,123,368 
0.07% 
12.2018 
3,103,222,151 
27,190,877 
0.88% 
13,165,515 
0.42% 
5,140,345 
0.17% 
4,881,134 
0.16% 
0.00 
1,877,932 
0.06% 
311,404 
0.01% 
419,900 
0.01% 
2,271,898 
0.07% 
01.2019 
3,147,662,505 
29,442,231 
0.94% 
16,298,150 
0.52% 
5,445,089 
0.17% 
5,733,834 
0.18% 
0.00 
2,264,447 
0.07% 
1,009,395 
0.03% 
248,403 
0.01% 
2,211,588 
0.07% 
02.2019 
3,183,828,362 
25,567,255 
0.80% 
17,403,343 
0.55% 
5,521,001 
0.17% 
5,672,301 
0.18% 
0.00 
1,855,999 
0.06% 
1,162,854 
0.04% 
614,280 
0.02% 
2,039,168 
0.06% 
03.2019 
3,217,616,856 
24,424,801 
0.76% 
14,933,848 
0.46% 
4,162,422 
0.13% 
4,823,879 
0.15% 
0.00 
1,548,097 
0.05% 
668,836 
0.02% 
644,685 
0.02% 
1,962,261 
0.06% 
04.2019 
3,287,831,598 
31,256,278 
0.95% 
16,503,683 
0.50% 
4,762,295 
0.14% 
4,968,096 
0.15% 
0.00 
1,836,501 
0.06% 
538,403 
0.02% 
456,217 
0.01% 
2,136,975 
0.06% 
05.2019 
3,334,135,892 
39,712,259 
1.19% 
15,679,504 
0.47% 
4,562,581 
0.14% 
4,729,012 
0.14% 
0.00 
1,234,240 
0.04% 
996,814 
0.03% 
270,763 
0.01% 
2,227,194 
0.07% 
06.2019 
3,383,759,176 
26,569,023 
0.79% 
17,594,493 
0.52% 
6,006,354 
0.18% 
4,698,325 
0.14% 
0.00 
1,156,543 
0.03% 
538,389 
0.02% 
800,903 
0.02% 
2,202,490 
0.07% 
07.2019 
3,443,694,359 
34,939,426 
1.01% 
16,206,205 
0.47% 
5,083,230 
0.15% 
5,179,390 
0.15% 
0.00 
1,890,148 
0.05% 
718,631 
0.02% 
379,230 
0.01% 
2,191,382 
0.06% 
08.2019 
3,521,896,107 
28,434,349 
0.81% 
17,150,844 
0.49% 
5,965,873 
0.17% 
5,068,991 
0.14% 
0.00 
1,538,103 
0.04% 
759,666 
0.02% 
552,437 
0.02% 
2,218,786 
0.06% 
09.2019 
3,658,220,742 
26,720,709 
0.73% 
17,827,444 
0.49% 
6,368,777 
0.17% 
4,725,157 
0.13% 
0.00 
1,818,294 
0.05% 
562,186 
0.02% 
559,262 
0.02% 
1,785,415 
0.05% 
10.2019 
3,752,410,699 
38,086,220 
1.01% 
14,024,681 
0.37% 
5,405,072 
0.14% 
4,682,379 
0.12% 
0.00 
2,001,706 
0.05% 
639,892 
0.02% 
409,489 
0.01% 
1,631,292 
0.04% 
11.2019 
3,809,234,511 
28,078,548 
0.74% 
15,761,980 
0.41% 
4,951,154 
0.13% 
3,907,240 
0.10% 
0.00 
1,371,614 
0.04% 
566,717 
0.01% 
479,683 
0.01% 
1,489,227 
0.04% 
12.2019 
3,858,740,052 
30,959,886 
0.80% 
14,969,563 
0.39% 
5,618,088 
0.15% 
4,235,568 
0.11% 
0.00 
1,757,225 
0.05% 
705,171 
0.02% 
374,880 
0.01% 
1,398,294 
0.04% 
01.2020 
3,927,798,873 
34,157,242 
0.87% 
17,754,310 
0.45% 
6,733,417 
0.17% 
4,773,930 
0.12% 
0.00 
1,982,529 
0.05% 
928,155 
0.02% 
503,081 
0.01% 
1,360,166 
0.03% 
02.2020 
3,991,150,492 
27,445,384 
0.69% 
19,175,349 
0.48% 
5,943,018 
0.15% 
4,429,512 
0.11% 
0.00 
1,597,702 
0.04% 
711,772 
0.02% 
565,488 
0.01% 
1,554,550 
0.04% 
03.2020 
3,995,667,566 
54,107,450 
1.35% 
19,225,169 
0.48% 
5,754,048 
0.14% 
5,363,441 
0.13% 
0.00 
2,288,238 
0.06% 
824,652 
0.02% 
610,812 
0.02% 
1,639,740 
0.04% 
04.2020 
3,925,553,434 
72,462,475 
1.85% 
34,969,414 
0.89% 
8,532,650 
0.22% 
7,822,225 
0.20% 
0.00 
3,280,979 
0.08% 
1,902,311 
0.05% 
807,352 
0.02% 
1,831,584 
0.05% 
05.2020 
3,889,453,138 
72,589,170 
1.87% 
46,903,039 
1.21% 
20,469,093 
0.53% 
12,277,853 
0.32% 
0.00 
5,547,380 
0.14% 
2,737,780 
0.07% 
1,583,588 
0.04% 
2,409,105 
0.06% 
06.2020 
3,971,951,628 
38,879,306 
0.98% 
25,788,257 
0.65% 
31,767,172 
0.80% 
21,990,358 
0.55% 
0.00 
11,847,979 
0.30% 
4,275,860 
0.11% 
2,255,877 
0.06% 
3,610,642 
0.09% 
07.2020 
4,070,542,731 
35,807,433 
0.88% 
20,889,331 
0.51% 
18,378,801 
0.45% 
35,360,001 
0.87% 
0.00 
18,308,001 
0.45% 
8,922,620 
0.22% 
2,935,962 
0.07% 
5,193,418 
0.13% 
08.2020 
4,134,147,836 
37,370,830 
0.90% 
19,741,414 
0.48% 
14,167,312 
0.34% 
36,052,124 
0.87% 
0.00 
11,670,876 
0.28% 
11,777,905 
0.28% 
7,185,846 
0.17% 
5,417,497 
0.13% 
09.2020 
4,194,862,994 
37,514,738 
0.89% 
26,381,929 
0.63% 
13,377,726 
0.32% 
34,331,509 
0.82% 
0.00 
9,205,783 
0.22% 
7,331,275 
0.17% 
7,687,304 
0.18% 
10,107,148 
0.24% 
10.2020 
4,217,186,060 
36,103,391 
0.86% 
19,527,602 
0.46% 
15,865,506 
0.38% 
33,290,958 
0.79% 
0.00 
9,005,785 
0.21% 
5,448,267 
0.13% 
4,354,453 
0.10% 
14,482,453 
0.34% 
11.2020 
4,192,277,785 
30,940,224 
0.74% 
20,440,765 
0.49% 
15,563,282 
0.37% 
32,400,851 
0.77% 
0.00 
9,142,818 
0.22% 
4,663,540 
0.11% 
3,343,856 
0.08% 
15,250,636 
0.36% 
12.2020 
4,186,952,784 
35,995,749 
0.86% 
19,541,070 
0.47% 
14,641,326 
0.35% 
32,436,715 
0.77% 
0.00 
8,051,627 
0.19% 
6,146,349 
0.15% 
3,013,773 
0.07% 
15,224,966 
0.36% 
01.2021 
4,175,980,678 
29,912,762 
0.72% 
20,459,825 
0.49% 
14,782,074 
0.35% 
32,813,842 
0.79% 
0.00 
8,810,478 
0.21% 
4,726,335 
0.11% 
4,225,701 
0.10% 
15,051,327 
0.36% 
02.2021 
4,166,827,895 
27,043,466 
0.65% 
19,471,283 
0.47% 
13,580,434 
0.33% 
30,445,135 
0.73% 
0.00 
8,266,227 
0.20% 
4,348,324 
0.10% 
3,286,981 
0.08% 
14,543,602 
0.35% 
03.2021 
4,175,909,855 
32,729,000 
0.78% 
20,328,761 
0.49% 
12,307,216 
0.29% 
27,529,665 
0.66% 
0.00 
6,782,945 
0.16% 
4,186,081 
0.10% 
2,748,340 
0.07% 
13,812,300 
0.33% 
04.2021 
4,201,142,300 
32,747,112 
0.78% 
19,722,312 
0.47% 
12,421,951 
0.30% 
25,357,384 
0.60% 
0.00 
6,311,359 
0.15% 
4,126,818 
0.10% 
2,984,814 
0.07% 
11,934,393 
0.28% 
05.2021 
4,230,292,178 
31,968,024 
0.76% 
17,341,409 
0.41% 
11,973,895 
0.28% 
25,558,113 
0.60% 
0.00 
7,133,163 
0.17% 
3,795,436 
0.09% 
2,609,905 
0.06% 
12,019,608 
0.28% 
06.2021 
4,239,301,979 
32,436,583 
0.77% 
20,020,652 
0.47% 
11,288,273 
0.27% 
23,504,841 
0.55% 
0.00 
6,111,943 
0.14% 
3,644,505 
0.09% 
3,250,586 
0.08% 
10,497,807 
0.25% 
07.2021 
4,250,266,707 
35,929,369 
0.85% 
18,649,096 
0.44% 
10,729,423 
0.25% 
20,396,257 
0.48% 
0.00 
6,179,804 
0.15% 
3,476,004 
0.08% 
2,315,238 
0.05% 
8,425,210 
0.20% 
08.2021 
4,265,673,927 
32,665,833 
0.77% 
20,426,041 
0.48% 
12,045,600 
0.28% 
19,331,322 
0.45% 
0.00 
5,575,833 
0.13% 
3,703,958 
0.09% 
2,373,224 
0.06% 
7,678,307 
0.18% 
09.2021 
4,273,050,808 
34,523,722 
0.81% 
21,499,848 
0.50% 
10,499,271 
0.25% 
17,341,465 
0.41% 
0.00 
5,805,911 
0.14% 
2,790,655 
0.07% 
1,989,057 
0.05% 
6,755,842 
0.16% 
10.2021 
4,263,486,351 
35,673,609 
0.84% 
17,590,694 
0.41% 
10,287,903 
0.24% 
15,424,509 
0.36% 
0.00 
5,089,682 
0.12% 
2,398,137 
0.06% 
1,817,233 
0.04% 
6,119,457 
0.14% 
11.2021 
4,256,427,256 
39,336,024 
0.92% 
20,534,738 
0.48% 
9,767,926 
0.23% 
15,002,496 
0.35% 
0.00 
4,910,113 
0.12% 
2,236,498 
0.05% 
1,640,164 
0.04% 
6,215,721 
0.15% 
12.2021 
4,230,922,240 
42,178,557 
1.00% 
19,311,674 
0.46% 
9,592,763 
0.23% 
14,274,960 
0.34% 
0.00 
4,598,008 
0.11% 
2,371,750 
0.06% 
1,385,306 
0.03% 
5,919,896 
0.14% 
01.2022 
4,255,152,705 
36,710,751 
0.86% 
21,041,900 
0.49% 
9,938,539 
0.23% 
14,161,460 
0.33% 
0.00 
5,169,557 
0.12% 
2,203,210 
0.05% 
1,258,590 
0.03% 
5,530,104 
0.13% 
02.2022 
4,271,101,480 
31,329,620 
0.73% 
20,956,372 
0.49% 
8,535,109 
0.20% 
11,472,827 
0.27% 
0.00 
2,898,592 
0.07% 
2,275,232 
0.05% 
1,017,382 
0.02% 
5,281,620 
0.12% 
03.2022 
4,301,822,683 
43,463,383 
1.01% 
20,593,778 
0.48% 
7,400,524 
0.17% 
9,963,629 
0.23% 
0.00 
2,672,532 
0.06% 
1,344,820 
0.03% 
1,317,911 
0.03% 
4,628,367 
0.11% 
04.2022 
4,324,046,978 
34,082,177 
0.79% 
20,922,660 
0.48% 
7,868,327 
0.18% 
9,773,989 
0.23% 
0.00 
2,701,265 
0.06% 
1,489,768 
0.03% 
1,033,431 
0.02% 
4,549,524 
0.11% 
05.2022 
4,371,468,321 
48,345,854 
1.11% 
18,834,787 
0.43% 
8,121,549 
0.19% 
9,747,993 
0.22% 
0.00 
3,035,768 
0.07% 
1,478,385 
0.03% 
704,691 
0.02% 
4,529,149 
0.10% 
06.2022 
4,422,659,279 
41,138,724 
0.93% 
20,589,325 
0.47% 
8,049,117 
0.18% 
8,811,883 
0.20% 
0.00 
2,698,109 
0.06% 
1,320,373 
0.03% 
677,082 
0.02% 
4,116,319 
0.09% 
07.2022 
4,468,328,546 
43,103,604 
0.96% 
17,260,276 
0.39% 
8,272,323 
0.19% 
9,534,941 
0.21% 
0.00 
2,892,893 
0.06% 
1,719,210 
0.04% 
680,504 
0.02% 
4,242,333 
0.09% 
08.2022 
4,565,384,417 
45,879,485 
1.00% 
21,806,304 
0.48% 
8,659,145 
0.19% 
9,774,752 
0.21% 
0.00 
3,235,633 
0.07% 
1,568,536 
0.03% 
1,052,428 
0.02% 
3,918,155 
0.09% 
09.2022 
4,647,841,813 
39,746,035 
0.86% 
23,117,458 
0.50% 
8,817,887 
0.19% 
11,646,093 
0.25% 
0.00 
4,319,674 
0.09% 
2,196,289 
0.05% 
1,191,478 
0.03% 
3,938,651 
0.08% 
10.2022 
4,706,181,976 
43,323,454 
0.92% 
18,559,490 
0.39% 
8,661,902 
0.18% 
13,449,419 
0.29% 
0.00 
4,816,037 
0.10% 
2,608,233 
0.06% 
1,671,861 
0.04% 
4,353,288 
0.09% 
11.2022 
4,701,936,478 
43,222,463 
0.92% 
22,719,970 
0.48% 
8,833,527 
0.19% 
14,136,965 
0.30% 
0.00 
4,605,100 
0.10% 
2,526,615 
0.05% 
2,024,401 
0.04% 
4,980,848 
0.11% 
12.2022 
4,676,855,178 
44,751,626 
0.96% 
23,174,815 
0.50% 
9,756,014 
0.21% 
15,790,326 
0.34% 
0.00 
4,791,861 
0.10% 
3,013,263 
0.06% 
1,969,306 
0.04% 
6,015,896 
0.13% 
01.2023 
4,714,567,145 
44,389,840 
0.94% 
24,100,133 
0.51% 
12,229,412 
0.26% 
18,252,286 
0.39% 
0.00 
5,708,859 
0.12% 
3,261,988 
0.07% 
2,409,487 
0.05% 
6,871,951 
0.15% 
02.2023 
4,754,856,965 
41,450,298 
0.87% 
26,850,372 
0.56% 
11,318,401 
0.24% 
18,782,899 
0.40% 
0.00 
5,639,296 
0.12% 
3,231,411 
0.07% 
2,272,382 
0.05% 
7,639,811 
0.16% 
03.2023 
4,763,351,895 
44,688,680 
0.94% 
23,917,382 
0.50% 
11,154,385 
0.23% 
19,807,075 
0.42% 
0.00 
5,242,768 
0.11% 
3,397,605 
0.07% 
2,307,411 
0.05% 
8,859,291 
0.19% 
04.2023 
4,824,385,784 
41,873,611 
0.87% 
27,237,615 
0.56% 
10,728,184 
0.22% 
22,397,709 
0.46% 
0.00 
6,164,089 
0.13% 
3,556,516 
0.07% 
2,862,117 
0.06% 
9,814,987 
0.20%

--- Page 173 ---
- 162 - 
 
 
 
Calendar Year/Month 
Principal 
Outstanding 
Delinquent 
balance 1-30  
dpd (£) 
1-30 
dpd (%) 
Delinquent 
balance 31-60  
dpd (£) 
31-60 
dpd (%) 
Delinquent 
balance 61-90  
dpd (£) 
61-90 
dpd (%) 
Delinquent 
balance 91+  
dpd (£) 
91+ 
dpd (%) 
Delinquent 
balance 91-120  
dpd (£) 
91-120 
dpd (%) 
Delinquent 
balance 121-
150 
dpd (£) 
121-
150 
dpd (%) 
Delinquent 
balance 151-
180  
dpd (£) 
151-
180 
dpd (%) 
Delinquent 
balance 180+  
dpd (£) 
180+ 
dpd (%) 
05.2023 
4,871,424,615 
44,385,041 
0.91% 
22,155,637 
0.45% 
11,550,688 
0.24% 
24,513,801 
0.50% 
0.00 
6,909,961 
0.14% 
4,147,920 
0.09% 
2,907,750 
0.06% 
10,548,170 
0.22% 
06.2023 
4,936,858,415 
47,063,489 
0.95% 
25,928,200 
0.53% 
12,431,881 
0.25% 
25,003,074 
0.51% 
0.00 
6,378,090 
0.13% 
4,373,532 
0.09% 
3,384,351 
0.07% 
10,867,101 
0.22% 
 
 
HP 
 
Calendar Year/Month 
Principal 
Outstanding 
Delinquent 
balance 1-30  
dpd (£) 
1-30 
dpd (%) 
Delinquent 
balance 31-60  
dpd (£) 
31-60 
dpd (%) 
Delinquent 
balance 61-90  
dpd (£) 
61-90 
dpd (%) 
Delinquent 
balance 91+  
dpd (£) 
91+ 
dpd (%) 
Delinquent 
balance 91-120  
dpd (£) 
91-120 
dpd (%) 
Delinquent 
balance 121-
150 
dpd (£) 
121-
150 
dpd (%) 
Delinquent 
balance 151-
180  
dpd (£) 
151-
180 
dpd (%) 
Delinquent 
balance 180+  
dpd (£) 
180+ 
dpd (%) 
06.2007 
638,984,556 
6,153,600 
0.96% 
4,142,841 
0.65% 
1,820,473 
0.28% 
2,755,217 
0.43% 
0.00 
945,885 
0.15% 
522,335 
0.08% 
309,239 
0.05% 
977,758 
0.15% 
07.2007 
637,709,411 
9,034,125 
1.42% 
4,074,905 
0.64% 
1,849,637 
0.29% 
2,639,706 
0.41% 
0.00 
904,281 
0.14% 
434,103 
0.07% 
308,963 
0.05% 
992,359 
0.16% 
08.2007 
631,988,919 
7,778,847 
1.23% 
3,994,799 
0.63% 
2,331,108 
0.37% 
2,962,073 
0.47% 
0.00 
1,254,780 
0.20% 
518,416 
0.08% 
236,296 
0.04% 
952,580 
0.15% 
09.2007 
640,057,396 
11,342,850 
1.77% 
3,820,403 
0.60% 
2,076,848 
0.32% 
2,844,606 
0.44% 
0.00 
1,096,320 
0.17% 
609,461 
0.10% 
256,427 
0.04% 
882,398 
0.14% 
10.2007 
640,234,166 
8,263,013 
1.29% 
3,791,788 
0.59% 
1,900,317 
0.30% 
2,955,256 
0.46% 
0.00 
1,095,391 
0.17% 
609,538 
0.10% 
402,302 
0.06% 
848,026 
0.13% 
11.2007 
637,017,409 
7,714,743 
1.21% 
3,968,169 
0.62% 
2,172,007 
0.34% 
2,825,416 
0.44% 
0.00 
888,875 
0.14% 
595,833 
0.09% 
349,299 
0.05% 
991,409 
0.16% 
12.2007 
633,005,015 
8,653,192 
1.37% 
4,007,834 
0.63% 
1,936,832 
0.31% 
3,408,111 
0.54% 
0.00 
1,324,372 
0.21% 
578,455 
0.09% 
379,914 
0.06% 
1,125,369 
0.18% 
01.2008 
637,405,537 
8,110,023 
1.27% 
4,202,487 
0.66% 
2,314,206 
0.36% 
3,522,237 
0.55% 
0.00 
1,282,080 
0.20% 
786,969 
0.12% 
355,534 
0.06% 
1,097,653 
0.17% 
02.2008 
636,335,342 
6,883,776 
1.08% 
4,389,515 
0.69% 
2,151,762 
0.34% 
3,237,040 
0.51% 
0.00 
1,249,168 
0.20% 
693,648 
0.11% 
390,551 
0.06% 
903,674 
0.14% 
03.2008 
663,216,912 
10,417,860 
1.57% 
4,350,318 
0.66% 
1,935,767 
0.29% 
3,326,341 
0.50% 
0.00 
1,201,155 
0.18% 
803,854 
0.12% 
413,452 
0.06% 
907,880 
0.14% 
04.2008 
676,399,355 
7,752,509 
1.15% 
4,871,054 
0.72% 
1,824,579 
0.27% 
3,458,531 
0.51% 
0.00 
1,295,732 
0.19% 
742,454 
0.11% 
468,024 
0.07% 
952,321 
0.14% 
05.2008 
688,395,406 
8,422,105 
1.22% 
3,644,667 
0.53% 
2,227,960 
0.32% 
3,641,653 
0.53% 
0.00 
1,304,184 
0.19% 
721,101 
0.10% 
519,962 
0.08% 
1,096,406 
0.16% 
06.2008 
698,034,246 
9,096,548 
1.30% 
4,097,388 
0.59% 
1,945,296 
0.28% 
3,608,486 
0.52% 
0.00 
1,195,670 
0.17% 
858,144 
0.12% 
403,487 
0.06% 
1,151,184 
0.16% 
07.2008 
700,393,640 
9,139,138 
1.30% 
3,992,571 
0.57% 
1,924,949 
0.27% 
3,128,327 
0.45% 
0.00 
1,098,099 
0.16% 
597,306 
0.09% 
397,242 
0.06% 
1,035,680 
0.15% 
08.2008 
701,410,310 
9,206,852 
1.31% 
5,377,595 
0.77% 
2,413,204 
0.34% 
3,153,675 
0.45% 
0.00 
1,260,176 
0.18% 
564,790 
0.08% 
326,317 
0.05% 
1,002,391 
0.14% 
09.2008 
716,424,439 
9,116,748 
1.27% 
5,633,041 
0.79% 
2,864,119 
0.40% 
3,552,418 
0.50% 
0.00 
1,515,572 
0.21% 
619,097 
0.09% 
348,978 
0.05% 
1,068,771 
0.15% 
10.2008 
718,912,102 
10,902,637 
1.52% 
5,605,908 
0.78% 
2,650,928 
0.37% 
3,620,753 
0.50% 
0.00 
1,730,162 
0.24% 
567,489 
0.08% 
351,023 
0.05% 
972,079 
0.14% 
11.2008 
713,211,162 
8,275,205 
1.16% 
6,224,972 
0.87% 
2,883,439 
0.40% 
3,962,431 
0.56% 
0.00 
1,543,325 
0.22% 
1,110,560 
0.16% 
367,120 
0.05% 
941,427 
0.13% 
12.2008 
707,112,512 
9,514,979 
1.35% 
4,924,531 
0.70% 
3,094,168 
0.44% 
4,646,191 
0.66% 
0.00 
1,891,870 
0.27% 
1,021,898 
0.14% 
734,700 
0.10% 
997,723 
0.14% 
01.2009 
704,571,502 
9,478,002 
1.35% 
6,777,862 
0.96% 
3,346,304 
0.47% 
5,348,021 
0.76% 
0.00 
1,994,985 
0.28% 
1,311,384 
0.19% 
786,979 
0.11% 
1,254,673 
0.18% 
02.2009 
699,040,412 
8,646,058 
1.24% 
6,700,842 
0.96% 
3,502,220 
0.50% 
5,647,990 
0.81% 
0.00 
1,799,381 
0.26% 
1,311,449 
0.19% 
1,018,912 
0.15% 
1,518,248 
0.22% 
03.2009 
707,593,166 
9,454,349 
1.34% 
5,244,361 
0.74% 
2,838,232 
0.40% 
5,410,655 
0.76% 
0.00 
1,765,935 
0.25% 
957,122 
0.14% 
820,937 
0.12% 
1,866,661 
0.26% 
04.2009 
712,500,118 
9,625,324 
1.35% 
5,388,736 
0.76% 
2,361,845 
0.33% 
5,599,583 
0.79% 
0.00 
1,470,626 
0.21% 
1,213,042 
0.17% 
864,821 
0.12% 
2,051,094 
0.29% 
05.2009 
716,890,248 
10,809,423 
1.51% 
4,623,398 
0.64% 
2,448,944 
0.34% 
5,248,305 
0.73% 
0.00 
1,243,899 
0.17% 
956,186 
0.13% 
874,920 
0.12% 
2,173,300 
0.30% 
06.2009 
723,093,574 
10,738,446 
1.49% 
4,594,723 
0.64% 
2,057,487 
0.28% 
4,936,280 
0.68% 
0.00 
1,369,183 
0.19% 
774,615 
0.11% 
600,026 
0.08% 
2,192,455 
0.30% 
07.2009 
729,594,609 
14,986,413 
2.05% 
4,141,728 
0.57% 
1,984,959 
0.27% 
4,733,623 
0.65% 
0.00 
1,072,142 
0.15% 
945,543 
0.13% 
534,228 
0.07% 
2,181,709 
0.30% 
08.2009 
739,228,920 
9,202,108 
1.24% 
8,587,929 
1.16% 
2,243,299 
0.30% 
4,363,337 
0.59% 
0.00 
1,263,480 
0.17% 
629,533 
0.09% 
635,879 
0.09% 
1,834,444 
0.25% 
09.2009 
766,318,490 
11,329,325 
1.48% 
6,154,457 
0.80% 
4,258,266 
0.56% 
4,437,807 
0.58% 
0.00 
1,369,886 
0.18% 
712,108 
0.09% 
431,360 
0.06% 
1,924,453 
0.25% 
10.2009 
787,473,301 
11,412,968 
1.45% 
4,817,405 
0.61% 
3,388,290 
0.43% 
6,072,453 
0.77% 
0.00 
3,106,624 
0.39% 
792,716 
0.10% 
425,447 
0.05% 
1,747,665 
0.22% 
11.2009 
794,998,048 
9,998,623 
1.26% 
5,273,633 
0.66% 
3,034,053 
0.38% 
6,254,219 
0.79% 
0.00 
2,450,576 
0.31% 
1,830,873 
0.23% 
452,141 
0.06% 
1,520,629 
0.19% 
12.2009 
810,215,489 
11,110,575 
1.37% 
4,619,227 
0.57% 
1,880,714 
0.23% 
4,037,814 
0.50% 
0.00 
1,299,164 
0.16% 
762,942 
0.09% 
364,293 
0.04% 
1,611,414 
0.20% 
01.2010 
811,921,869 
11,763,694 
1.45% 
5,235,587 
0.64% 
2,421,675 
0.30% 
3,561,678 
0.44% 
0.00 
1,115,811 
0.14% 
655,264 
0.08% 
386,349 
0.05% 
1,404,253 
0.17% 
02.2010 
817,756,694 
11,302,232 
1.38% 
5,836,388 
0.71% 
1,989,586 
0.24% 
2,980,907 
0.36% 
0.00 
977,820 
0.12% 
488,439 
0.06% 
322,965 
0.04% 
1,191,682 
0.15% 
03.2010 
854,665,211 
11,728,405 
1.37% 
6,045,681 
0.71% 
1,740,960 
0.20% 
3,010,187 
0.35% 
0.00 
851,064 
0.10% 
570,946 
0.07% 
362,228 
0.04% 
1,225,950 
0.14% 
04.2010 
873,867,404 
12,739,365 
1.46% 
4,885,155 
0.56% 
2,895,091 
0.33% 
3,206,944 
0.37% 
0.00 
942,635 
0.11% 
513,527 
0.06% 
434,265 
0.05% 
1,316,518 
0.15% 
05.2010 
891,183,758 
11,655,403 
1.31% 
4,106,587 
0.46% 
2,416,767 
0.27% 
3,790,392 
0.43% 
0.00 
1,502,592 
0.17% 
531,277 
0.06% 
401,086 
0.05% 
1,355,436 
0.15% 
06.2010 
905,494,612 
11,324,474 
1.25% 
4,168,828 
0.46% 
2,200,701 
0.24% 
3,841,254 
0.42% 
0.00 
1,294,354 
0.14% 
744,243 
0.08% 
398,710 
0.04% 
1,403,947 
0.16% 
07.2010 
919,335,893 
11,860,407 
1.29% 
3,690,648 
0.40% 
2,009,101 
0.22% 
3,865,481 
0.42% 
0.00 
1,138,237 
0.12% 
712,160 
0.08% 
478,887 
0.05% 
1,536,197 
0.17% 
08.2010 
929,466,487 
10,656,415 
1.15% 
4,762,679 
0.51% 
2,068,720 
0.22% 
3,685,021 
0.40% 
0.00 
885,641 
0.10% 
682,491 
0.07% 
500,649 
0.05% 
1,616,240 
0.17% 
09.2010 
953,540,565 
10,810,830 
1.13% 
4,853,778 
0.51% 
2,010,096 
0.21% 
3,774,475 
0.40% 
0.00 
1,005,154 
0.11% 
553,773 
0.06% 
459,150 
0.05% 
1,756,399 
0.18% 
10.2010 
961,941,829 
11,590,250 
1.20% 
3,853,433 
0.40% 
2,070,711 
0.22% 
4,230,809 
0.44% 
0.00 
1,143,960 
0.12% 
709,608 
0.07% 
404,592 
0.04% 
1,972,650 
0.21% 
11.2010 
966,951,863 
11,559,082 
1.20% 
4,029,195 
0.42% 
1,730,222 
0.18% 
4,146,543 
0.43% 
0.00 
1,126,096 
0.12% 
643,498 
0.07% 
497,413 
0.05% 
1,879,536 
0.19% 
12.2010 
968,736,663 
12,041,696 
1.24% 
4,820,358 
0.50% 
1,828,157 
0.19% 
4,018,716 
0.41% 
0.00 
1,061,786 
0.11% 
685,292 
0.07% 
434,072 
0.04% 
1,837,566 
0.19% 
01.2011 
968,747,351 
10,562,996 
1.09% 
5,294,229 
0.55% 
2,577,406 
0.27% 
4,292,826 
0.44% 
0.00 
1,190,619 
0.12% 
661,298 
0.07% 
471,317 
0.05% 
1,969,592 
0.20% 
02.2011 
967,997,567 
10,627,735 
1.10% 
4,588,756 
0.47% 
2,340,359 
0.24% 
4,360,508 
0.45% 
0.00 
1,308,918 
0.14% 
628,299 
0.06% 
468,222 
0.05% 
1,955,069 
0.20% 
03.2011 
986,834,680 
12,192,296 
1.24% 
5,439,413 
0.55% 
1,684,066 
0.17% 
4,033,438 
0.41% 
0.00 
1,001,668 
0.10% 
739,232 
0.07% 
395,331 
0.04% 
1,897,207 
0.19% 
04.2011 
990,128,348 
11,319,714 
1.14% 
5,172,472 
0.52% 
2,703,402 
0.27% 
4,205,072 
0.42% 
0.00 
951,808 
0.10% 
741,808 
0.07% 
598,491 
0.06% 
1,912,965 
0.19% 
05.2011 
1,000,758,915 
11,205,788 
1.12% 
3,972,896 
0.40% 
2,216,779 
0.22% 
4,655,443 
0.47% 
0.00 
1,538,168 
0.15% 
540,023 
0.05% 
541,602 
0.05% 
2,035,650 
0.20% 
06.2011 
1,005,308,190 
11,434,079 
1.14% 
4,205,279 
0.42% 
2,027,629 
0.20% 
4,211,090 
0.42% 
0.00 
1,212,115 
0.12% 
769,510 
0.08% 
368,539 
0.04% 
1,860,926 
0.19% 
07.2011 
1,008,047,489 
12,426,007 
1.23% 
3,405,660 
0.34% 
1,882,877 
0.19% 
4,600,555 
0.46% 
0.00 
1,184,483 
0.12% 
882,889 
0.09% 
519,460 
0.05% 
2,013,724 
0.20% 
08.2011 
1,012,995,478 
11,856,763 
1.17% 
4,302,575 
0.42% 
1,721,014 
0.17% 
4,253,173 
0.42% 
0.00 
1,099,472 
0.11% 
610,254 
0.06% 
656,161 
0.06% 
1,887,287 
0.19% 
09.2011 
1,030,172,472 
11,704,449 
1.14% 
4,360,601 
0.42% 
2,076,208 
0.20% 
3,853,895 
0.37% 
0.00 
877,620 
0.09% 
697,168 
0.07% 
371,923 
0.04% 
1,907,184 
0.19% 
10.2011 
1,032,746,704 
11,998,112 
1.16% 
3,782,867 
0.37% 
2,247,326 
0.22% 
4,023,052 
0.39% 
0.00 
1,023,253 
0.10% 
622,861 
0.06% 
522,642 
0.05% 
1,854,296 
0.18% 
11.2011 
1,028,019,301 
10,702,681 
1.04% 
3,947,962 
0.38% 
2,151,364 
0.21% 
3,754,259 
0.37% 
0.00 
978,195 
0.10% 
643,205 
0.06% 
340,232 
0.03% 
1,792,628 
0.17% 
12.2011 
1,020,310,878 
12,384,063 
1.21% 
4,173,451 
0.41% 
1,964,214 
0.19% 
3,757,948 
0.37% 
0.00 
1,037,782 
0.10% 
604,710 
0.06% 
360,274 
0.04% 
1,755,182 
0.17% 
01.2012 
1,018,556,125 
11,662,664 
1.15% 
5,046,189 
0.50% 
2,033,997 
0.20% 
3,579,653 
0.35% 
0.00 
1,099,989 
0.11% 
515,955 
0.05% 
342,040 
0.03% 
1,621,669 
0.16% 
02.2012 
1,014,147,762 
10,773,821 
1.06% 
4,392,296 
0.43% 
1,726,482 
0.17% 
3,377,589 
0.33% 
0.00 
866,665 
0.09% 
685,101 
0.07% 
227,155 
0.02% 
1,598,668 
0.16% 
03.2012 
1,028,461,459 
12,321,981 
1.20% 
4,605,790 
0.45% 
1,630,881 
0.16% 
3,273,243 
0.32% 
0.00 
1,001,836 
0.10% 
520,654 
0.05% 
457,444 
0.04% 
1,293,308 
0.13% 
04.2012 
1,026,467,205 
10,723,963 
1.04% 
4,755,290 
0.46% 
1,920,285 
0.19% 
3,270,601 
0.32% 
0.00 
1,000,172 
0.10% 
626,814 
0.06% 
279,472 
0.03% 
1,364,143 
0.13% 
05.2012 
1,027,057,904 
16,252,741 
1.58% 
4,712,785 
0.46% 
2,027,701 
0.20% 
3,257,869 
0.32% 
0.00 
1,013,789 
0.10% 
540,186 
0.05% 
363,293 
0.04% 
1,340,601 
0.13%

--- Page 174 ---
- 163 - 
 
 
 
Calendar Year/Month 
Principal 
Outstanding 
Delinquent 
balance 1-30  
dpd (£) 
1-30 
dpd (%) 
Delinquent 
balance 31-60  
dpd (£) 
31-60 
dpd (%) 
Delinquent 
balance 61-90  
dpd (£) 
61-90 
dpd (%) 
Delinquent 
balance 91+  
dpd (£) 
91+ 
dpd (%) 
Delinquent 
balance 91-120  
dpd (£) 
91-120 
dpd (%) 
Delinquent 
balance 121-
150 
dpd (£) 
121-
150 
dpd (%) 
Delinquent 
balance 151-
180  
dpd (£) 
151-
180 
dpd (%) 
Delinquent 
balance 180+  
dpd (£) 
180+ 
dpd (%) 
06.2012 
1,030,860,460 
15,154,880 
1.47% 
4,977,397 
0.48% 
1,894,280 
0.18% 
3,207,177 
0.31% 
0.00 
955,454 
0.09% 
607,938 
0.06% 
321,280 
0.03% 
1,322,505 
0.13% 
07.2012 
1,032,676,953 
13,796,845 
1.34% 
4,649,473 
0.45% 
1,689,183 
0.16% 
3,273,420 
0.32% 
0.00 
930,926 
0.09% 
654,814 
0.06% 
354,320 
0.03% 
1,333,360 
0.13% 
08.2012 
1,028,494,487 
13,329,095 
1.30% 
4,676,228 
0.45% 
1,933,770 
0.19% 
3,063,762 
0.30% 
0.00 
811,441 
0.08% 
572,457 
0.06% 
423,087 
0.04% 
1,256,777 
0.12% 
09.2012 
1,038,185,993 
12,352,467 
1.19% 
4,992,131 
0.48% 
1,727,596 
0.17% 
3,082,094 
0.30% 
0.00 
929,740 
0.09% 
462,473 
0.04% 
398,140 
0.04% 
1,291,741 
0.12% 
10.2012 
1,036,559,556 
12,535,415 
1.21% 
3,749,197 
0.36% 
1,575,259 
0.15% 
2,799,234 
0.27% 
0.00 
794,807 
0.08% 
465,884 
0.04% 
274,255 
0.03% 
1,264,289 
0.12% 
11.2012 
1,028,567,336 
12,572,163 
1.22% 
4,442,288 
0.43% 
1,599,494 
0.16% 
2,700,037 
0.26% 
0.00 
752,227 
0.07% 
475,035 
0.05% 
260,004 
0.03% 
1,212,771 
0.12% 
12.2012 
1,018,967,936 
12,086,217 
1.19% 
4,382,824 
0.43% 
1,940,739 
0.19% 
3,203,468 
0.31% 
0.00 
1,012,503 
0.10% 
545,847 
0.05% 
345,428 
0.03% 
1,299,690 
0.13% 
01.2013 
1,015,871,341 
12,574,251 
1.24% 
5,032,302 
0.50% 
2,373,872 
0.23% 
3,194,131 
0.31% 
0.00 
1,030,230 
0.10% 
600,349 
0.06% 
289,808 
0.03% 
1,273,744 
0.13% 
02.2013 
1,010,964,184 
10,478,062 
1.04% 
5,514,626 
0.55% 
2,043,965 
0.20% 
3,257,108 
0.32% 
0.00 
1,066,206 
0.11% 
591,367 
0.06% 
316,471 
0.03% 
1,283,063 
0.13% 
03.2013 
1,023,602,868 
51,867,967 
5.07% 
5,154,457 
0.50% 
2,423,461 
0.24% 
3,329,326 
0.33% 
0.00 
1,021,872 
0.10% 
696,312 
0.07% 
366,851 
0.04% 
1,244,290 
0.12% 
04.2013 
1,030,826,245 
11,734,490 
1.14% 
5,435,927 
0.53% 
2,535,029 
0.25% 
3,238,137 
0.31% 
0.00 
1,276,371 
0.12% 
412,184 
0.04% 
378,108 
0.04% 
1,171,475 
0.11% 
05.2013 
1,030,097,468 
12,493,565 
1.21% 
4,314,015 
0.42% 
2,641,666 
0.26% 
3,803,618 
0.37% 
0.00 
1,468,614 
0.14% 
796,094 
0.08% 
321,657 
0.03% 
1,217,253 
0.12% 
06.2013 
1,029,927,693 
11,496,324 
1.12% 
5,025,753 
0.49% 
2,218,202 
0.22% 
3,483,082 
0.34% 
0.00 
1,272,786 
0.12% 
704,077 
0.07% 
390,101 
0.04% 
1,116,117 
0.11% 
07.2013 
1,029,886,139 
17,412,808 
1.69% 
5,729,555 
0.56% 
2,234,918 
0.22% 
3,360,366 
0.33% 
0.00 
1,108,781 
0.11% 
627,289 
0.06% 
356,402 
0.03% 
1,267,894 
0.12% 
08.2013 
1,024,569,160 
11,005,453 
1.07% 
6,576,097 
0.64% 
2,970,339 
0.29% 
3,465,391 
0.34% 
0.00 
1,110,392 
0.11% 
753,653 
0.07% 
350,868 
0.03% 
1,250,478 
0.12% 
09.2013 
1,023,912,841 
10,797,776 
1.05% 
5,913,124 
0.58% 
2,487,208 
0.24% 
3,877,303 
0.38% 
0.00 
1,370,574 
0.13% 
712,293 
0.07% 
474,452 
0.05% 
1,319,985 
0.13% 
10.2013 
1,016,442,053 
11,574,948 
1.14% 
4,891,033 
0.48% 
2,102,950 
0.21% 
3,680,287 
0.36% 
0.00 
1,181,041 
0.12% 
758,927 
0.07% 
360,022 
0.04% 
1,380,296 
0.14% 
11.2013 
1,003,752,880 
10,042,002 
1.00% 
4,785,138 
0.48% 
2,051,378 
0.20% 
3,846,879 
0.38% 
0.00 
1,173,239 
0.12% 
852,759 
0.08% 
474,510 
0.05% 
1,346,371 
0.13% 
12.2013 
987,815,569 
11,201,812 
1.13% 
3,998,673 
0.40% 
2,200,297 
0.22% 
3,794,243 
0.38% 
0.00 
1,206,462 
0.12% 
695,214 
0.07% 
567,466 
0.06% 
1,325,100 
0.13% 
01.2014 
976,514,974 
9,409,071 
0.96% 
4,840,924 
0.50% 
2,185,029 
0.22% 
4,217,090 
0.43% 
0.00 
1,441,287 
0.15% 
840,784 
0.09% 
497,154 
0.05% 
1,437,865 
0.15% 
02.2014 
960,588,571 
8,168,132 
0.85% 
4,258,465 
0.44% 
2,418,896 
0.25% 
3,728,381 
0.39% 
0.00 
1,067,952 
0.11% 
826,016 
0.09% 
489,295 
0.05% 
1,345,118 
0.14% 
03.2014 
959,655,180 
8,352,695 
0.87% 
4,106,970 
0.43% 
1,886,195 
0.20% 
3,684,883 
0.38% 
0.00 
966,538 
0.10% 
657,054 
0.07% 
578,249 
0.06% 
1,483,041 
0.15% 
04.2014 
950,092,023 
9,580,566 
1.01% 
4,232,841 
0.45% 
1,893,863 
0.20% 
3,950,335 
0.42% 
0.00 
1,073,201 
0.11% 
716,297 
0.08% 
573,476 
0.06% 
1,587,361 
0.17% 
05.2014 
941,998,900 
9,290,702 
0.99% 
3,564,148 
0.38% 
1,808,583 
0.19% 
3,344,581 
0.36% 
0.00 
903,759 
0.10% 
414,303 
0.04% 
478,565 
0.05% 
1,547,953 
0.16% 
06.2014 
933,170,996 
7,779,355 
0.83% 
3,674,081 
0.39% 
1,930,820 
0.21% 
3,392,311 
0.36% 
0.00 
1,168,724 
0.13% 
493,200 
0.05% 
268,068 
0.03% 
1,462,320 
0.16% 
07.2014 
924,975,283 
8,828,391 
0.95% 
3,070,579 
0.33% 
1,533,632 
0.17% 
3,248,438 
0.35% 
0.00 
1,074,092 
0.12% 
575,534 
0.06% 
315,841 
0.03% 
1,282,970 
0.14% 
08.2014 
908,217,968 
7,710,863 
0.85% 
3,802,097 
0.42% 
1,777,624 
0.20% 
3,379,309 
0.37% 
0.00 
1,006,238 
0.11% 
618,660 
0.07% 
481,522 
0.05% 
1,272,889 
0.14% 
09.2014 
902,844,566 
7,316,439 
0.81% 
3,825,309 
0.42% 
1,901,768 
0.21% 
3,495,270 
0.39% 
0.00 
1,080,414 
0.12% 
601,245 
0.07% 
436,277 
0.05% 
1,377,335 
0.15% 
10.2014 
893,058,869 
8,306,483 
0.93% 
3,031,794 
0.34% 
1,640,221 
0.18% 
3,447,422 
0.39% 
0.00 
1,079,349 
0.12% 
630,136 
0.07% 
334,443 
0.04% 
1,403,494 
0.16% 
11.2014 
879,691,376 
6,315,312 
0.72% 
3,578,324 
0.41% 
1,830,133 
0.21% 
3,256,523 
0.37% 
0.00 
892,259 
0.10% 
705,884 
0.08% 
370,942 
0.04% 
1,287,438 
0.15% 
12.2014 
865,176,816 
7,365,836 
0.85% 
3,440,327 
0.40% 
1,630,427 
0.19% 
3,017,878 
0.35% 
0.00 
1,014,648 
0.12% 
540,508 
0.06% 
293,731 
0.03% 
1,168,991 
0.14% 
01.2015 
854,221,919 
6,739,214 
0.79% 
3,859,755 
0.45% 
1,820,034 
0.21% 
2,931,647 
0.34% 
0.00 
943,601 
0.11% 
660,616 
0.08% 
281,407 
0.03% 
1,046,024 
0.12% 
02.2015 
842,367,156 
5,638,968 
0.67% 
3,965,922 
0.47% 
1,723,365 
0.20% 
2,826,968 
0.34% 
0.00 
1,020,185 
0.12% 
396,474 
0.05% 
337,675 
0.04% 
1,072,634 
0.13% 
03.2015 
841,781,553 
7,463,063 
0.89% 
3,825,349 
0.45% 
1,691,731 
0.20% 
3,284,927 
0.39% 
0.00 
1,034,070 
0.12% 
806,703 
0.10% 
286,514 
0.03% 
1,157,640 
0.14% 
04.2015 
834,522,133 
4,632,571 
0.56% 
2,975,542 
0.36% 
1,830,013 
0.22% 
3,146,248 
0.38% 
0.00 
948,965 
0.11% 
703,067 
0.08% 
524,564 
0.06% 
969,652 
0.12% 
05.2015 
833,344,496 
6,372,483 
0.76% 
2,879,101 
0.35% 
1,649,775 
0.20% 
3,581,611 
0.43% 
0.00 
1,380,276 
0.17% 
628,201 
0.08% 
448,217 
0.05% 
1,124,918 
0.13% 
06.2015 
829,037,526 
8,911,967 
1.07% 
2,911,954 
0.35% 
1,630,021 
0.20% 
3,376,939 
0.41% 
0.00 
981,084 
0.12% 
804,911 
0.10% 
391,047 
0.05% 
1,199,897 
0.14% 
07.2015 
821,165,758 
8,182,800 
1.00% 
2,816,932 
0.34% 
1,611,953 
0.20% 
3,504,544 
0.43% 
0.00 
1,128,972 
0.14% 
694,748 
0.08% 
541,905 
0.07% 
1,138,920 
0.14% 
08.2015 
807,692,134 
5,724,330 
0.71% 
3,838,824 
0.48% 
1,590,597 
0.20% 
3,913,854 
0.48% 
0.00 
1,294,382 
0.16% 
751,655 
0.09% 
525,273 
0.07% 
1,342,543 
0.17% 
09.2015 
803,228,398 
5,643,535 
0.70% 
3,526,864 
0.44% 
1,689,064 
0.21% 
4,063,579 
0.51% 
0.00 
1,220,119 
0.15% 
890,677 
0.11% 
521,271 
0.06% 
1,431,511 
0.18% 
10.2015 
793,505,655 
6,026,202 
0.76% 
2,797,164 
0.35% 
1,544,660 
0.19% 
4,313,482 
0.54% 
0.00 
1,161,476 
0.15% 
852,939 
0.11% 
707,768 
0.09% 
1,591,299 
0.20% 
11.2015 
765,045,579 
5,205,783 
0.68% 
2,907,840 
0.38% 
1,732,510 
0.23% 
4,220,638 
0.55% 
0.00 
1,068,082 
0.14% 
830,613 
0.11% 
573,304 
0.07% 
1,748,639 
0.23% 
12.2015 
759,583,950 
5,977,220 
0.79% 
2,520,694 
0.33% 
1,511,621 
0.20% 
4,478,209 
0.59% 
0.00 
1,171,368 
0.15% 
808,632 
0.11% 
671,396 
0.09% 
1,826,813 
0.24% 
01.2016 
745,221,996 
5,793,926 
0.78% 
3,154,023 
0.42% 
1,420,377 
0.19% 
4,152,518 
0.56% 
0.00 
906,971 
0.12% 
878,705 
0.12% 
577,778 
0.08% 
1,789,063 
0.24% 
02.2016 
732,788,578 
5,101,887 
0.70% 
3,500,023 
0.48% 
1,463,441 
0.20% 
3,699,726 
0.50% 
0.00 
947,569 
0.13% 
575,724 
0.08% 
660,175 
0.09% 
1,516,259 
0.21% 
03.2016 
732,804,825 
6,081,813 
0.83% 
2,911,386 
0.40% 
1,458,147 
0.20% 
3,277,997 
0.45% 
0.00 
909,463 
0.12% 
544,370 
0.07% 
362,656 
0.05% 
1,461,507 
0.20% 
04.2016 
726,557,419 
4,798,196 
0.66% 
3,315,123 
0.46% 
1,334,834 
0.18% 
3,029,963 
0.42% 
0.00 
928,887 
0.13% 
551,138 
0.08% 
334,027 
0.05% 
1,215,911 
0.17% 
05.2016 
721,783,519 
5,098,458 
0.71% 
2,725,798 
0.38% 
1,387,022 
0.19% 
3,045,289 
0.42% 
0.00 
899,065 
0.12% 
643,390 
0.09% 
356,551 
0.05% 
1,146,284 
0.16% 
06.2016 
716,389,960 
5,310,387 
0.74% 
3,097,854 
0.43% 
1,330,819 
0.19% 
2,163,363 
0.30% 
0.00 
685,741 
0.10% 
309,082 
0.04% 
224,256 
0.03% 
944,283 
0.13% 
07.2016 
708,132,599 
5,545,403 
0.78% 
2,523,449 
0.36% 
1,186,366 
0.17% 
2,338,026 
0.33% 
0.00 
750,731 
0.11% 
385,408 
0.05% 
231,010 
0.03% 
970,877 
0.14% 
08.2016 
697,199,028 
5,276,141 
0.76% 
2,971,406 
0.43% 
1,258,851 
0.18% 
2,242,077 
0.32% 
0.00 
690,725 
0.10% 
361,321 
0.05% 
279,595 
0.04% 
910,435 
0.13% 
09.2016 
694,767,067 
5,381,465 
0.77% 
3,194,879 
0.46% 
999,981 
0.14% 
1,984,979 
0.29% 
0.00 
564,579 
0.08% 
329,471 
0.05% 
278,469 
0.04% 
812,459 
0.12% 
10.2016 
683,809,836 
5,808,572 
0.85% 
2,801,905 
0.41% 
1,064,649 
0.16% 
1,869,854 
0.27% 
0.00 
565,147 
0.08% 
291,005 
0.04% 
170,812 
0.02% 
842,890 
0.12% 
11.2016 
675,105,258 
4,929,485 
0.73% 
3,238,909 
0.48% 
1,083,632 
0.16% 
1,802,723 
0.27% 
0.00 
569,603 
0.08% 
265,778 
0.04% 
207,851 
0.03% 
759,492 
0.11% 
12.2016 
665,369,369 
4,725,565 
0.71% 
3,023,843 
0.45% 
1,179,677 
0.18% 
1,910,564 
0.29% 
0.00 
692,064 
0.10% 
218,984 
0.03% 
223,854 
0.03% 
775,662 
0.12% 
01.2017 
657,746,699 
5,382,105 
0.82% 
2,996,242 
0.46% 
1,445,301 
0.22% 
1,931,534 
0.29% 
0.00 
628,173 
0.10% 
388,858 
0.06% 
207,901 
0.03% 
706,602 
0.11% 
02.2017 
648,381,690 
5,134,423 
0.79% 
2,923,662 
0.45% 
1,293,316 
0.20% 
1,823,253 
0.28% 
0.00 
635,632 
0.10% 
321,432 
0.05% 
226,936 
0.04% 
639,253 
0.10% 
03.2017 
652,666,054 
5,347,934 
0.82% 
2,933,379 
0.45% 
1,068,182 
0.16% 
1,698,019 
0.26% 
0.00 
539,205 
0.08% 
338,015 
0.05% 
178,595 
0.03% 
642,204 
0.10% 
04.2017 
645,173,795 
4,458,005 
0.69% 
3,131,380 
0.49% 
1,137,248 
0.18% 
1,815,619 
0.28% 
0.00 
554,419 
0.09% 
324,738 
0.05% 
259,903 
0.04% 
676,559 
0.10% 
05.2017 
638,293,307 
5,153,825 
0.81% 
2,670,082 
0.42% 
1,259,984 
0.20% 
1,862,039 
0.29% 
0.00 
605,068 
0.09% 
365,052 
0.06% 
218,773 
0.03% 
673,145 
0.11% 
06.2017 
634,744,581 
4,705,262 
0.74% 
2,612,965 
0.41% 
1,258,619 
0.20% 
1,795,175 
0.28% 
0.00 
609,446 
0.10% 
272,764 
0.04% 
206,934 
0.03% 
706,031 
0.11% 
07.2017 
633,260,749 
5,067,223 
0.80% 
2,353,625 
0.37% 
1,077,003 
0.17% 
1,738,600 
0.27% 
0.00 
668,089 
0.11% 
240,433 
0.04% 
144,228 
0.02% 
685,850 
0.11% 
08.2017 
628,573,087 
4,287,783 
0.68% 
2,452,834 
0.39% 
1,065,185 
0.17% 
1,453,883 
0.23% 
0.00 
469,641 
0.07% 
291,302 
0.05% 
103,184 
0.02% 
589,756 
0.09% 
09.2017 
634,199,285 
4,774,201 
0.75% 
2,765,046 
0.44% 
1,056,770 
0.17% 
1,406,589 
0.22% 
0.00 
444,849 
0.07% 
268,527 
0.04% 
141,858 
0.02% 
551,355 
0.09% 
10.2017 
629,930,552 
6,122,140 
0.97% 
2,521,270 
0.40% 
921,779 
0.15% 
1,324,490 
0.21% 
0.00 
386,007 
0.06% 
236,653 
0.04% 
125,105 
0.02% 
576,725 
0.09% 
11.2017 
625,613,664 
5,150,806 
0.82% 
3,273,484 
0.52% 
882,995 
0.14% 
1,341,751 
0.21% 
0.00 
428,877 
0.07% 
147,161 
0.02% 
145,362 
0.02% 
620,351 
0.10% 
12.2017 
618,152,842 
5,487,665 
0.89% 
2,863,874 
0.46% 
1,243,778 
0.20% 
1,424,654 
0.23% 
0.00 
401,057 
0.06% 
253,171 
0.04% 
121,116 
0.02% 
649,310 
0.11% 
01.2018 
619,418,084 
5,925,141 
0.96% 
3,488,364 
0.56% 
1,315,366 
0.21% 
1,511,062 
0.24% 
0.00 
571,317 
0.09% 
247,825 
0.04% 
101,846 
0.02% 
590,074 
0.10% 
02.2018 
618,792,632 
5,179,194 
0.84% 
4,288,523 
0.69% 
1,322,402 
0.21% 
1,693,103 
0.27% 
0.00 
509,480 
0.08% 
464,308 
0.08% 
158,029 
0.03% 
561,285 
0.09% 
03.2018 
631,635,284 
4,901,834 
0.78% 
3,848,276 
0.61% 
1,584,055 
0.25% 
1,868,815 
0.30% 
0.00 
641,111 
0.10% 
275,183 
0.04% 
332,050 
0.05% 
620,471 
0.10% 
04.2018 
633,725,906 
5,199,620 
0.82% 
3,512,826 
0.55% 
1,369,995 
0.22% 
1,941,648 
0.31% 
0.00 
667,961 
0.11% 
327,996 
0.05% 
192,247 
0.03% 
753,443 
0.12% 
05.2018 
635,303,651 
5,593,804 
0.88% 
3,294,800 
0.52% 
1,170,121 
0.18% 
2,027,598 
0.32% 
0.00 
686,620 
0.11% 
395,665 
0.06% 
212,732 
0.03% 
732,581 
0.12% 
06.2018 
643,036,108 
5,207,721 
0.81% 
3,414,943 
0.53% 
1,369,776 
0.21% 
2,097,216 
0.33% 
0.00 
495,479 
0.08% 
430,806 
0.07% 
371,071 
0.06% 
799,860 
0.12% 
07.2018 
647,068,612 
7,251,667 
1.12% 
3,091,246 
0.48% 
1,374,068 
0.21% 
2,235,109 
0.35% 
0.00 
661,343 
0.10% 
342,251 
0.05% 
330,543 
0.05% 
900,971 
0.14%

--- Page 175 ---
- 164 - 
 
 
 
Calendar Year/Month 
Principal 
Outstanding 
Delinquent 
balance 1-30  
dpd (£) 
1-30 
dpd (%) 
Delinquent 
balance 31-60  
dpd (£) 
31-60 
dpd (%) 
Delinquent 
balance 61-90  
dpd (£) 
61-90 
dpd (%) 
Delinquent 
balance 91+  
dpd (£) 
91+ 
dpd (%) 
Delinquent 
balance 91-120  
dpd (£) 
91-120 
dpd (%) 
Delinquent 
balance 121-
150 
dpd (£) 
121-
150 
dpd (%) 
Delinquent 
balance 151-
180  
dpd (£) 
151-
180 
dpd (%) 
Delinquent 
balance 180+  
dpd (£) 
180+ 
dpd (%) 
08.2018 
648,560,770 
6,498,674 
1.00% 
3,654,691 
0.56% 
1,224,694 
0.19% 
1,978,788 
0.31% 
0.00 
637,537 
0.10% 
369,981 
0.06% 
168,778 
0.03% 
802,492 
0.12% 
09.2018 
650,377,573 
5,306,327 
0.82% 
3,850,468 
0.59% 
1,262,855 
0.19% 
1,450,207 
0.22% 
0.00 
285,241 
0.04% 
281,937 
0.04% 
145,717 
0.02% 
737,312 
0.11% 
10.2018 
651,572,347 
6,397,152 
0.98% 
3,343,776 
0.51% 
1,019,126 
0.16% 
1,426,385 
0.22% 
0.00 
379,141 
0.06% 
156,885 
0.02% 
180,376 
0.03% 
709,984 
0.11% 
11.2018 
649,519,399 
5,749,167 
0.89% 
4,631,894 
0.71% 
1,278,815 
0.20% 
1,409,111 
0.22% 
0.00 
370,339 
0.06% 
195,750 
0.03% 
72,722 
0.01% 
770,301 
0.12% 
12.2018 
644,962,726 
6,816,332 
1.06% 
3,552,429 
0.55% 
1,387,383 
0.22% 
1,475,146 
0.23% 
0.00 
436,521 
0.07% 
171,554 
0.03% 
113,505 
0.02% 
753,565 
0.12% 
01.2019 
646,177,362 
6,230,738 
0.96% 
4,241,671 
0.66% 
1,624,307 
0.25% 
1,410,385 
0.22% 
0.00 
438,037 
0.07% 
158,845 
0.02% 
110,028 
0.02% 
703,476 
0.11% 
02.2019 
645,355,064 
5,049,947 
0.78% 
4,562,539 
0.71% 
1,485,886 
0.23% 
1,618,036 
0.25% 
0.00 
618,886 
0.10% 
210,957 
0.03% 
102,552 
0.02% 
685,641 
0.11% 
03.2019 
652,169,156 
5,462,262 
0.84% 
3,938,494 
0.60% 
1,194,532 
0.18% 
1,521,078 
0.23% 
0.00 
369,540 
0.06% 
460,725 
0.07% 
143,037 
0.02% 
547,777 
0.08% 
04.2019 
655,103,398 
6,606,170 
1.01% 
4,098,044 
0.63% 
1,552,175 
0.24% 
1,414,621 
0.22% 
0.00 
387,684 
0.06% 
137,285 
0.02% 
336,075 
0.05% 
553,577 
0.08% 
05.2019 
660,447,982 
7,652,587 
1.16% 
4,029,341 
0.61% 
1,381,399 
0.21% 
1,255,044 
0.19% 
0.00 
413,366 
0.06% 
141,630 
0.02% 
124,432 
0.02% 
575,616 
0.09% 
06.2019 
663,551,935 
5,995,348 
0.90% 
4,365,922 
0.66% 
1,610,684 
0.24% 
1,079,523 
0.16% 
0.00 
276,366 
0.04% 
161,494 
0.02% 
107,379 
0.02% 
534,283 
0.08% 
07.2019 
666,310,736 
6,906,951 
1.04% 
3,562,871 
0.53% 
1,399,024 
0.21% 
1,148,556 
0.17% 
0.00 
410,067 
0.06% 
110,649 
0.02% 
133,407 
0.02% 
494,433 
0.07% 
08.2019 
667,876,693 
6,255,527 
0.94% 
4,056,883 
0.61% 
1,133,926 
0.17% 
1,394,409 
0.21% 
0.00 
584,505 
0.09% 
225,594 
0.03% 
82,974 
0.01% 
501,335 
0.08% 
09.2019 
673,264,564 
6,260,607 
0.93% 
3,883,992 
0.58% 
1,178,033 
0.17% 
1,278,237 
0.19% 
0.00 
494,372 
0.07% 
276,620 
0.04% 
175,011 
0.03% 
332,234 
0.05% 
10.2019 
674,731,425 
7,216,608 
1.07% 
3,521,525 
0.52% 
1,079,338 
0.16% 
1,064,289 
0.16% 
0.00 
325,035 
0.05% 
85,865 
0.01% 
265,173 
0.04% 
388,216 
0.06% 
11.2019 
673,156,244 
5,919,607 
0.88% 
3,349,891 
0.50% 
1,255,384 
0.19% 
1,058,612 
0.16% 
0.00 
380,704 
0.06% 
102,248 
0.02% 
82,418 
0.01% 
493,242 
0.07% 
12.2019 
671,228,715 
6,552,335 
0.98% 
2,881,953 
0.43% 
1,150,193 
0.17% 
1,036,976 
0.15% 
0.00 
392,857 
0.06% 
104,905 
0.02% 
76,856 
0.01% 
462,358 
0.07% 
01.2020 
674,232,258 
7,111,283 
1.05% 
3,559,029 
0.53% 
1,223,402 
0.18% 
991,370 
0.15% 
0.00 
336,365 
0.05% 
166,641 
0.02% 
70,643 
0.01% 
417,720 
0.06% 
02.2020 
674,695,680 
5,967,310 
0.88% 
4,292,161 
0.64% 
1,200,565 
0.18% 
852,281 
0.13% 
0.00 
204,423 
0.03% 
126,667 
0.02% 
89,926 
0.01% 
431,265 
0.06% 
03.2020 
672,889,658 
11,610,063 
1.73% 
3,960,108 
0.59% 
1,457,074 
0.22% 
987,447 
0.15% 
0.00 
327,582 
0.05% 
182,145 
0.03% 
92,378 
0.01% 
385,342 
0.06% 
04.2020 
651,701,388 
20,616,531 
3.16% 
8,507,217 
1.31% 
1,533,737 
0.24% 
1,859,965 
0.29% 
0.00 
974,363 
0.15% 
290,613 
0.04% 
161,518 
0.02% 
433,470 
0.07% 
05.2020 
637,478,254 
15,604,781 
2.45% 
14,068,814 
2.21% 
4,933,830 
0.77% 
2,768,314 
0.43% 
0.00 
1,205,218 
0.19% 
711,898 
0.11% 
348,980 
0.05% 
502,217 
0.08% 
06.2020 
662,690,765 
8,534,267 
1.29% 
5,880,180 
0.89% 
9,989,823 
1.51% 
5,461,819 
0.82% 
0.00 
3,242,135 
0.49% 
956,918 
0.14% 
580,897 
0.09% 
681,870 
0.10% 
07.2020 
692,714,757 
7,651,296 
1.10% 
4,724,871 
0.68% 
4,213,576 
0.61% 
10,988,825 
1.59% 
0.00 
6,309,356 
0.91% 
2,844,889 
0.41% 
706,484 
0.10% 
1,128,095 
0.16% 
08.2020 
703,848,543 
7,615,850 
1.08% 
3,701,895 
0.53% 
3,814,175 
0.54% 
10,405,706 
1.48% 
0.00 
2,575,672 
0.37% 
4,344,716 
0.62% 
2,227,461 
0.32% 
1,257,857 
0.18% 
09.2020 
724,651,638 
6,847,157 
0.94% 
5,018,316 
0.69% 
3,377,779 
0.47% 
9,633,428 
1.33% 
0.00 
2,373,736 
0.33% 
1,563,687 
0.22% 
3,213,411 
0.44% 
2,482,594 
0.34% 
10.2020 
739,524,109 
7,445,639 
1.01% 
3,751,903 
0.51% 
3,529,119 
0.48% 
9,013,167 
1.22% 
0.00 
2,049,609 
0.28% 
1,362,154 
0.18% 
887,739 
0.12% 
4,713,665 
0.64% 
11.2020 
744,366,198 
5,854,652 
0.79% 
4,555,531 
0.61% 
3,356,394 
0.45% 
8,490,749 
1.14% 
0.00 
2,133,603 
0.29% 
987,841 
0.13% 
745,897 
0.10% 
4,623,408 
0.62% 
12.2020 
752,446,174 
7,690,859 
1.02% 
3,793,797 
0.50% 
3,570,429 
0.47% 
8,074,083 
1.07% 
0.00 
1,889,054 
0.25% 
993,179 
0.13% 
635,774 
0.08% 
4,556,076 
0.61% 
01.2021 
755,890,558 
6,087,712 
0.81% 
4,609,940 
0.61% 
3,496,674 
0.46% 
7,997,523 
1.06% 
0.00 
1,866,607 
0.25% 
958,304 
0.13% 
849,837 
0.11% 
4,322,775 
0.57% 
02.2021 
757,057,409 
5,753,175 
0.76% 
4,034,343 
0.53% 
3,506,204 
0.46% 
7,049,736 
0.93% 
0.00 
1,512,657 
0.20% 
898,265 
0.12% 
675,828 
0.09% 
3,962,986 
0.52% 
03.2021 
774,492,166 
6,624,060 
0.86% 
4,133,237 
0.53% 
3,051,465 
0.39% 
6,259,412 
0.81% 
0.00 
1,541,644 
0.20% 
909,443 
0.12% 
620,930 
0.08% 
3,187,395 
0.41% 
04.2021 
792,558,353 
5,745,051 
0.72% 
4,661,013 
0.59% 
2,478,005 
0.31% 
5,825,310 
0.74% 
0.00 
1,466,411 
0.19% 
991,809 
0.13% 
581,417 
0.07% 
2,785,673 
0.35% 
05.2021 
814,531,822 
5,761,296 
0.71% 
3,904,363 
0.48% 
2,431,981 
0.30% 
5,745,389 
0.71% 
0.00 
1,449,975 
0.18% 
807,314 
0.10% 
751,545 
0.09% 
2,736,555 
0.34% 
06.2021 
832,200,931 
6,492,172 
0.78% 
4,186,651 
0.50% 
2,443,575 
0.29% 
5,018,363 
0.60% 
0.00 
1,282,699 
0.15% 
766,674 
0.09% 
566,498 
0.07% 
2,402,493 
0.29% 
07.2021 
844,523,012 
7,233,819 
0.86% 
3,893,733 
0.46% 
2,508,158 
0.30% 
3,945,966 
0.47% 
0.00 
1,077,923 
0.13% 
736,257 
0.09% 
328,642 
0.04% 
1,803,145 
0.21% 
08.2021 
852,575,316 
6,227,698 
0.73% 
4,377,281 
0.51% 
2,584,362 
0.30% 
3,849,962 
0.45% 
0.00 
1,142,991 
0.13% 
740,568 
0.09% 
289,091 
0.03% 
1,677,311 
0.20% 
09.2021 
864,520,222 
6,668,530 
0.77% 
4,751,429 
0.55% 
2,361,436 
0.27% 
3,298,648 
0.38% 
0.00 
1,051,988 
0.12% 
530,738 
0.06% 
315,233 
0.04% 
1,400,689 
0.16% 
10.2021 
874,597,358 
7,388,523 
0.84% 
3,822,773 
0.44% 
2,124,968 
0.24% 
2,974,457 
0.34% 
0.00 
864,121 
0.10% 
487,400 
0.06% 
357,188 
0.04% 
1,265,748 
0.14% 
11.2021 
881,702,779 
8,227,368 
0.93% 
4,376,701 
0.50% 
2,402,096 
0.27% 
2,791,984 
0.32% 
0.00 
888,796 
0.10% 
411,206 
0.05% 
277,858 
0.03% 
1,214,124 
0.14% 
12.2021 
880,466,701 
8,420,428 
0.96% 
4,324,383 
0.49% 
2,261,629 
0.26% 
2,828,804 
0.32% 
0.00 
834,716 
0.09% 
597,670 
0.07% 
252,261 
0.03% 
1,144,157 
0.13% 
01.2022 
889,432,035 
7,805,137 
0.88% 
4,539,484 
0.51% 
2,579,065 
0.29% 
2,780,316 
0.31% 
0.00 
876,743 
0.10% 
534,885 
0.06% 
300,165 
0.03% 
1,068,524 
0.12% 
02.2022 
896,168,018 
6,160,765 
0.69% 
5,048,748 
0.56% 
2,143,519 
0.24% 
2,553,460 
0.28% 
0.00 
867,779 
0.10% 
330,032 
0.04% 
264,508 
0.03% 
1,091,140 
0.12% 
03.2022 
917,445,621 
8,861,341 
0.97% 
4,339,463 
0.47% 
1,881,233 
0.21% 
2,159,270 
0.24% 
0.00 
642,068 
0.07% 
328,155 
0.04% 
215,456 
0.02% 
973,592 
0.11% 
04.2022 
922,841,446 
7,068,826 
0.77% 
5,168,644 
0.56% 
1,609,731 
0.17% 
2,246,521 
0.24% 
0.00 
805,251 
0.09% 
204,483 
0.02% 
257,800 
0.03% 
978,986 
0.11% 
05.2022 
937,101,802 
10,132,210 
1.08% 
4,354,958 
0.46% 
1,732,920 
0.18% 
2,332,030 
0.25% 
0.00 
747,564 
0.08% 
391,965 
0.04% 
142,971 
0.02% 
1,049,531 
0.11% 
06.2022 
958,266,776 
8,372,628 
0.87% 
4,822,821 
0.50% 
1,879,537 
0.20% 
2,116,739 
0.22% 
0.00 
603,418 
0.06% 
382,304 
0.04% 
235,069 
0.02% 
895,948 
0.09% 
07.2022 
980,198,587 
8,787,657 
0.90% 
4,077,286 
0.42% 
1,846,057 
0.19% 
2,161,284 
0.22% 
0.00 
767,098 
0.08% 
255,719 
0.03% 
158,740 
0.02% 
979,728 
0.10% 
08.2022 
1,002,938,510 
9,676,946 
0.96% 
5,038,978 
0.50% 
2,001,204 
0.20% 
2,092,626 
0.21% 
0.00 
656,421 
0.07% 
318,709 
0.03% 
190,364 
0.02% 
927,133 
0.09% 
09.2022 
1,025,759,486 
8,355,581 
0.81% 
4,981,801 
0.49% 
2,084,195 
0.20% 
2,367,800 
0.23% 
0.00 
856,098 
0.08% 
380,542 
0.04% 
206,437 
0.02% 
924,723 
0.09% 
10.2022 
1,039,105,955 
9,967,787 
0.96% 
4,283,845 
0.41% 
1,772,316 
0.17% 
3,017,235 
0.29% 
0.00 
1,297,759 
0.12% 
531,539 
0.05% 
230,156 
0.02% 
957,781 
0.09% 
11.2022 
1,044,979,973 
9,057,036 
0.87% 
5,220,914 
0.50% 
1,985,793 
0.19% 
3,045,379 
0.29% 
0.00 
1,004,840 
0.10% 
660,602 
0.06% 
318,385 
0.03% 
1,061,552 
0.10% 
12.2022 
1,035,754,784 
10,325,451 
1.00% 
4,448,370 
0.43% 
2,860,651 
0.28% 
3,458,133 
0.33% 
0.00 
1,103,188 
0.11% 
581,752 
0.06% 
503,012 
0.05% 
1,270,181 
0.12% 
01.2023 
1,051,546,880 
9,781,615 
0.93% 
5,438,894 
0.52% 
2,679,971 
0.25% 
4,256,455 
0.40% 
0.00 
1,549,558 
0.15% 
718,638 
0.07% 
428,627 
0.04% 
1,559,632 
0.15% 
02.2023 
1,072,655,494 
9,709,572 
0.91% 
6,118,375 
0.57% 
2,744,495 
0.26% 
4,491,597 
0.42% 
0.00 
1,376,584 
0.13% 
1,044,446 
0.10% 
456,419 
0.04% 
1,614,147 
0.15% 
03.2023 
1,100,236,622 
10,987,597 
1.00% 
5,688,743 
0.52% 
2,679,004 
0.24% 
4,504,476 
0.41% 
0.00 
1,218,998 
0.11% 
898,138 
0.08% 
679,215 
0.06% 
1,708,124 
0.16% 
04.2023 
1,104,562,684 
9,517,488 
0.86% 
6,988,684 
0.63% 
2,610,149 
0.24% 
5,008,289 
0.45% 
0.00 
1,396,348 
0.13% 
810,126 
0.07% 
701,997 
0.06% 
2,099,818 
0.19% 
05.2023 
1,113,483,044 
9,902,700 
0.89% 
5,444,617 
0.49% 
3,096,375 
0.28% 
5,548,457 
0.50% 
0.00 
1,723,294 
0.15% 
844,049 
0.08% 
531,274 
0.05% 
2,449,839 
0.22% 
06.2023 
1,138,041,032 
10,816,020 
0.95% 
6,456,351 
0.57% 
3,185,795 
0.28% 
5,792,119 
0.51% 
0.00 
1,478,261 
0.13% 
1,057,605 
0.09% 
659,600 
0.06% 
2,596,653 
0.23% 
 
 
New HP 
 
Calendar Year/Month 
Principal 
Outstanding 
Delinquent 
balance 1-30  
dpd (£) 
1-30 
dpd (%) 
Delinquent 
balance 31-60  
dpd (£) 
31-60 
dpd (%) 
Delinquent 
balance 61-90  
dpd (£) 
61-90 
dpd (%) 
Delinquent 
balance 91+  
dpd (£) 
91+ 
dpd (%) 
Delinquent 
balance 91-120  
dpd (£) 
91-120 
dpd (%) 
Delinquent 
balance 121-
150 
dpd (£) 
121-
150 
dpd (%) 
Delinquent 
balance 151-
180  
dpd (£) 
151-
180 
dpd (%) 
Delinquent 
balance 180+  
dpd (£) 
180+ 
dpd (%) 
06.2007 
317,069,263 
2,708,488 
0.85% 
1,653,259 
0.52% 
753,288 
0.24% 
1,183,164 
0.37% 
0.00 
329,133 
0.10% 
200,863 
0.06% 
96,019 
0.03% 
557,149 
0.18% 
07.2007 
312,188,805 
3,831,135 
1.23% 
1,675,315 
0.54% 
771,258 
0.25% 
1,198,593 
0.38% 
0.00 
391,043 
0.13% 
155,908 
0.05% 
138,303 
0.04% 
513,338 
0.16% 
08.2007 
303,516,183 
3,160,050 
1.04% 
1,714,385 
0.56% 
811,635 
0.27% 
1,274,794 
0.42% 
0.00 
495,013 
0.16% 
209,566 
0.07% 
80,384 
0.03% 
489,831 
0.16%

--- Page 176 ---
- 165 - 
 
 
 
Calendar Year/Month 
Principal 
Outstanding 
Delinquent 
balance 1-30  
dpd (£) 
1-30 
dpd (%) 
Delinquent 
balance 31-60  
dpd (£) 
31-60 
dpd (%) 
Delinquent 
balance 61-90  
dpd (£) 
61-90 
dpd (%) 
Delinquent 
balance 91+  
dpd (£) 
91+ 
dpd (%) 
Delinquent 
balance 91-120  
dpd (£) 
91-120 
dpd (%) 
Delinquent 
balance 121-
150 
dpd (£) 
121-
150 
dpd (%) 
Delinquent 
balance 151-
180  
dpd (£) 
151-
180 
dpd (%) 
Delinquent 
balance 180+  
dpd (£) 
180+ 
dpd (%) 
09.2007 
307,272,759 
4,085,427 
1.33% 
1,310,467 
0.43% 
818,813 
0.27% 
1,206,707 
0.39% 
0.00 
401,170 
0.13% 
264,627 
0.09% 
89,871 
0.03% 
451,038 
0.15% 
10.2007 
303,338,620 
2,976,925 
0.98% 
1,445,953 
0.48% 
623,890 
0.21% 
1,269,276 
0.42% 
0.00 
446,632 
0.15% 
216,556 
0.07% 
182,288 
0.06% 
423,800 
0.14% 
11.2007 
297,841,513 
3,039,102 
1.02% 
1,518,685 
0.51% 
598,290 
0.20% 
1,159,240 
0.39% 
0.00 
353,775 
0.12% 
193,589 
0.06% 
96,696 
0.03% 
515,181 
0.17% 
12.2007 
294,267,985 
3,176,446 
1.08% 
1,587,508 
0.54% 
597,353 
0.20% 
1,351,699 
0.46% 
0.00 
451,501 
0.15% 
255,244 
0.09% 
100,306 
0.03% 
544,649 
0.19% 
01.2008 
294,451,958 
3,108,397 
1.06% 
1,263,440 
0.43% 
909,262 
0.31% 
1,277,000 
0.43% 
0.00 
400,077 
0.14% 
272,107 
0.09% 
134,905 
0.05% 
469,912 
0.16% 
02.2008 
289,349,220 
2,573,348 
0.89% 
1,578,189 
0.55% 
721,727 
0.25% 
1,230,361 
0.43% 
0.00 
455,273 
0.16% 
213,875 
0.07% 
144,489 
0.05% 
416,724 
0.14% 
03.2008 
310,778,755 
3,730,291 
1.20% 
1,602,537 
0.52% 
756,774 
0.24% 
1,201,837 
0.39% 
0.00 
354,008 
0.11% 
313,313 
0.10% 
161,422 
0.05% 
373,094 
0.12% 
04.2008 
316,825,189 
2,908,658 
0.92% 
1,563,631 
0.49% 
635,981 
0.20% 
1,372,494 
0.43% 
0.00 
555,103 
0.18% 
214,848 
0.07% 
204,194 
0.06% 
398,349 
0.13% 
05.2008 
320,999,170 
3,006,466 
0.94% 
1,117,098 
0.35% 
843,927 
0.26% 
1,397,545 
0.44% 
0.00 
473,698 
0.15% 
293,687 
0.09% 
155,278 
0.05% 
474,881 
0.15% 
06.2008 
324,800,300 
3,717,216 
1.14% 
1,361,015 
0.42% 
501,283 
0.15% 
1,435,532 
0.44% 
0.00 
428,729 
0.13% 
330,756 
0.10% 
217,096 
0.07% 
458,952 
0.14% 
07.2008 
324,047,367 
3,099,017 
0.96% 
1,313,264 
0.41% 
551,215 
0.17% 
1,086,727 
0.34% 
0.00 
278,780 
0.09% 
173,706 
0.05% 
181,166 
0.06% 
453,075 
0.14% 
08.2008 
319,161,831 
3,196,891 
1.00% 
1,464,106 
0.46% 
829,276 
0.26% 
993,843 
0.31% 
0.00 
333,810 
0.10% 
158,338 
0.05% 
125,762 
0.04% 
375,934 
0.12% 
09.2008 
326,090,004 
3,154,630 
0.97% 
1,678,082 
0.51% 
743,011 
0.23% 
1,242,783 
0.38% 
0.00 
543,728 
0.17% 
151,920 
0.05% 
116,255 
0.04% 
430,881 
0.13% 
10.2008 
324,492,521 
3,813,813 
1.18% 
1,980,272 
0.61% 
643,238 
0.20% 
1,163,264 
0.36% 
0.00 
462,912 
0.14% 
207,724 
0.06% 
85,844 
0.03% 
406,783 
0.13% 
11.2008 
317,611,286 
2,696,678 
0.85% 
1,902,553 
0.60% 
945,216 
0.30% 
1,146,887 
0.36% 
0.00 
362,642 
0.11% 
272,716 
0.09% 
119,993 
0.04% 
391,537 
0.12% 
12.2008 
311,354,312 
3,155,746 
1.01% 
1,506,531 
0.48% 
838,916 
0.27% 
1,528,322 
0.49% 
0.00 
699,010 
0.22% 
250,076 
0.08% 
184,859 
0.06% 
394,377 
0.13% 
01.2009 
304,471,962 
3,242,699 
1.07% 
1,991,116 
0.65% 
1,010,586 
0.33% 
1,677,704 
0.55% 
0.00 
535,740 
0.18% 
483,638 
0.16% 
220,942 
0.07% 
437,385 
0.14% 
02.2009 
294,590,148 
2,727,707 
0.93% 
2,315,240 
0.79% 
1,004,381 
0.34% 
1,741,353 
0.59% 
0.00 
506,417 
0.17% 
415,068 
0.14% 
344,098 
0.12% 
475,769 
0.16% 
03.2009 
295,794,456 
2,897,996 
0.98% 
1,453,696 
0.49% 
1,093,591 
0.37% 
1,670,528 
0.56% 
0.00 
486,458 
0.16% 
326,226 
0.11% 
252,931 
0.09% 
604,913 
0.20% 
04.2009 
291,591,222 
2,946,920 
1.01% 
1,484,587 
0.51% 
719,196 
0.25% 
2,068,258 
0.71% 
0.00 
575,361 
0.20% 
433,128 
0.15% 
310,358 
0.11% 
749,412 
0.26% 
05.2009 
286,870,993 
3,565,702 
1.24% 
1,232,480 
0.43% 
712,325 
0.25% 
1,951,781 
0.68% 
0.00 
414,986 
0.14% 
431,475 
0.15% 
320,999 
0.11% 
784,321 
0.27% 
06.2009 
283,925,103 
3,197,575 
1.13% 
1,253,402 
0.44% 
574,330 
0.20% 
1,657,670 
0.58% 
0.00 
419,666 
0.15% 
251,350 
0.09% 
197,749 
0.07% 
788,905 
0.28% 
07.2009 
282,099,235 
6,578,599 
2.33% 
1,021,634 
0.36% 
618,521 
0.22% 
1,454,299 
0.52% 
0.00 
220,318 
0.08% 
229,913 
0.08% 
167,010 
0.06% 
837,059 
0.30% 
08.2009 
282,054,179 
2,829,434 
1.00% 
4,667,334 
1.65% 
520,993 
0.18% 
1,340,338 
0.48% 
0.00 
380,471 
0.13% 
177,148 
0.06% 
109,632 
0.04% 
673,086 
0.24% 
09.2009 
294,681,430 
4,495,699 
1.53% 
2,708,575 
0.92% 
2,590,425 
0.88% 
1,204,413 
0.41% 
0.00 
274,785 
0.09% 
193,529 
0.07% 
133,119 
0.05% 
602,979 
0.20% 
10.2009 
300,699,662 
3,221,051 
1.07% 
2,050,319 
0.68% 
1,978,065 
0.66% 
3,031,688 
1.01% 
0.00 
2,234,945 
0.74% 
131,417 
0.04% 
93,352 
0.03% 
571,973 
0.19% 
11.2009 
300,679,380 
2,860,919 
0.95% 
1,679,241 
0.56% 
1,625,950 
0.54% 
3,522,640 
1.17% 
0.00 
1,602,498 
0.53% 
1,405,102 
0.47% 
84,154 
0.03% 
430,886 
0.14% 
12.2009 
309,716,729 
2,816,568 
0.91% 
1,360,164 
0.44% 
512,024 
0.17% 
1,185,751 
0.38% 
0.00 
290,312 
0.09% 
329,875 
0.11% 
87,044 
0.03% 
478,521 
0.15% 
01.2010 
307,259,942 
3,581,095 
1.17% 
1,536,239 
0.50% 
565,193 
0.18% 
1,019,903 
0.33% 
0.00 
305,191 
0.10% 
130,129 
0.04% 
159,857 
0.05% 
424,726 
0.14% 
02.2010 
303,676,865 
3,426,578 
1.13% 
1,657,948 
0.55% 
416,047 
0.14% 
731,202 
0.24% 
0.00 
175,593 
0.06% 
101,212 
0.03% 
85,435 
0.03% 
368,961 
0.12% 
03.2010 
324,479,804 
3,492,803 
1.08% 
1,973,906 
0.61% 
362,614 
0.11% 
818,900 
0.25% 
0.00 
223,994 
0.07% 
143,216 
0.04% 
65,748 
0.02% 
385,941 
0.12% 
04.2010 
328,148,893 
4,944,591 
1.51% 
1,296,639 
0.40% 
1,050,734 
0.32% 
788,284 
0.24% 
0.00 
150,621 
0.05% 
134,059 
0.04% 
128,228 
0.04% 
375,377 
0.11% 
05.2010 
329,587,965 
3,227,195 
0.98% 
1,199,706 
0.36% 
673,012 
0.20% 
1,091,847 
0.33% 
0.00 
507,351 
0.15% 
97,367 
0.03% 
91,769 
0.03% 
395,361 
0.12% 
06.2010 
327,538,094 
2,912,590 
0.89% 
1,175,134 
0.36% 
735,401 
0.22% 
1,073,374 
0.33% 
0.00 
394,120 
0.12% 
195,259 
0.06% 
72,150 
0.02% 
411,845 
0.13% 
07.2010 
323,948,982 
3,210,012 
0.99% 
935,553 
0.29% 
510,573 
0.16% 
1,174,309 
0.36% 
0.00 
422,521 
0.13% 
195,816 
0.06% 
138,152 
0.04% 
417,820 
0.13% 
08.2010 
316,097,967 
2,539,540 
0.80% 
1,314,428 
0.42% 
495,284 
0.16% 
1,160,850 
0.37% 
0.00 
238,922 
0.08% 
273,913 
0.09% 
172,065 
0.05% 
475,950 
0.15% 
09.2010 
322,728,744 
2,679,940 
0.83% 
1,176,635 
0.36% 
534,595 
0.17% 
1,140,809 
0.35% 
0.00 
231,266 
0.07% 
137,808 
0.04% 
208,856 
0.06% 
562,880 
0.17% 
10.2010 
320,562,339 
2,813,835 
0.88% 
855,916 
0.27% 
432,627 
0.13% 
1,247,230 
0.39% 
0.00 
275,562 
0.09% 
155,718 
0.05% 
103,675 
0.03% 
712,275 
0.22% 
11.2010 
318,661,735 
2,628,878 
0.82% 
1,051,563 
0.33% 
323,209 
0.10% 
1,241,901 
0.39% 
0.00 
262,784 
0.08% 
163,188 
0.05% 
138,723 
0.04% 
677,206 
0.21% 
12.2010 
316,515,584 
2,647,546 
0.84% 
1,241,516 
0.39% 
440,786 
0.14% 
1,013,241 
0.32% 
0.00 
189,743 
0.06% 
172,691 
0.05% 
122,379 
0.04% 
528,428 
0.17% 
01.2011 
310,979,049 
2,130,639 
0.69% 
1,345,245 
0.43% 
497,953 
0.16% 
1,069,917 
0.34% 
0.00 
245,951 
0.08% 
111,785 
0.04% 
133,691 
0.04% 
578,490 
0.19% 
02.2011 
303,284,077 
2,314,090 
0.76% 
1,013,566 
0.33% 
565,618 
0.19% 
974,807 
0.32% 
0.00 
193,196 
0.06% 
102,035 
0.03% 
83,941 
0.03% 
595,634 
0.20% 
03.2011 
308,586,619 
2,588,814 
0.84% 
1,218,001 
0.39% 
411,993 
0.13% 
880,244 
0.29% 
0.00 
194,251 
0.06% 
71,334 
0.02% 
78,846 
0.03% 
535,813 
0.17% 
04.2011 
305,783,773 
2,341,396 
0.77% 
1,083,795 
0.35% 
660,267 
0.22% 
976,144 
0.32% 
0.00 
256,692 
0.08% 
127,146 
0.04% 
66,363 
0.02% 
525,942 
0.17% 
05.2011 
307,208,302 
1,963,283 
0.64% 
745,347 
0.24% 
505,468 
0.16% 
1,159,100 
0.38% 
0.00 
392,174 
0.13% 
131,660 
0.04% 
120,694 
0.04% 
514,572 
0.17% 
06.2011 
305,575,358 
1,983,728 
0.65% 
785,934 
0.26% 
324,480 
0.11% 
1,059,500 
0.35% 
0.00 
347,147 
0.11% 
174,632 
0.06% 
98,417 
0.03% 
439,303 
0.14% 
07.2011 
301,231,079 
2,309,456 
0.77% 
688,638 
0.23% 
291,812 
0.10% 
1,045,794 
0.35% 
0.00 
211,105 
0.07% 
256,101 
0.09% 
126,743 
0.04% 
451,845 
0.15% 
08.2011 
293,416,078 
2,175,944 
0.74% 
1,001,602 
0.34% 
281,148 
0.10% 
893,085 
0.30% 
0.00 
159,218 
0.05% 
67,662 
0.02% 
198,684 
0.07% 
467,521 
0.16% 
09.2011 
299,549,144 
2,160,363 
0.72% 
840,769 
0.28% 
478,526 
0.16% 
793,265 
0.26% 
0.00 
205,414 
0.07% 
47,417 
0.02% 
44,342 
0.01% 
496,091 
0.17% 
10.2011 
294,161,253 
1,972,620 
0.67% 
615,588 
0.21% 
475,822 
0.16% 
893,721 
0.30% 
0.00 
233,958 
0.08% 
172,902 
0.06% 
34,219 
0.01% 
452,643 
0.15% 
11.2011 
286,770,592 
2,194,194 
0.77% 
711,675 
0.25% 
367,050 
0.13% 
845,814 
0.29% 
0.00 
272,181 
0.09% 
179,671 
0.06% 
70,846 
0.02% 
323,116 
0.11% 
12.2011 
281,617,304 
2,488,191 
0.88% 
853,983 
0.30% 
309,779 
0.11% 
797,432 
0.28% 
0.00 
203,490 
0.07% 
206,987 
0.07% 
93,891 
0.03% 
293,064 
0.10% 
01.2012 
276,312,759 
1,819,508 
0.66% 
1,250,423 
0.45% 
403,449 
0.15% 
731,045 
0.26% 
0.00 
214,973 
0.08% 
117,973 
0.04% 
122,176 
0.04% 
275,923 
0.10% 
02.2012 
269,777,501 
2,136,549 
0.79% 
859,264 
0.32% 
385,067 
0.14% 
697,978 
0.26% 
0.00 
195,342 
0.07% 
102,703 
0.04% 
54,383 
0.02% 
345,550 
0.13% 
03.2012 
276,963,034 
2,069,448 
0.75% 
880,304 
0.32% 
291,554 
0.11% 
610,670 
0.22% 
0.00 
182,366 
0.07% 
114,580 
0.04% 
70,464 
0.03% 
243,260 
0.09% 
04.2012 
273,440,335 
1,718,486 
0.63% 
978,746 
0.36% 
397,813 
0.15% 
586,112 
0.21% 
0.00 
152,943 
0.06% 
152,690 
0.06% 
46,228 
0.02% 
234,252 
0.09% 
05.2012 
271,178,025 
2,848,508 
1.05% 
704,700 
0.26% 
380,766 
0.14% 
522,209 
0.19% 
0.00 
203,707 
0.08% 
67,382 
0.02% 
46,348 
0.02% 
204,771 
0.08% 
06.2012 
271,095,091 
2,543,464 
0.94% 
766,037 
0.28% 
268,252 
0.10% 
477,445 
0.18% 
0.00 
190,332 
0.07% 
94,596 
0.03% 
29,881 
0.01% 
162,635 
0.06% 
07.2012 
268,004,427 
2,334,936 
0.87% 
643,696 
0.24% 
309,504 
0.12% 
470,888 
0.18% 
0.00 
111,868 
0.04% 
178,507 
0.07% 
44,246 
0.02% 
136,266 
0.05% 
08.2012 
261,073,086 
2,124,109 
0.81% 
666,815 
0.26% 
305,056 
0.12% 
455,671 
0.17% 
0.00 
118,794 
0.05% 
83,214 
0.03% 
142,820 
0.05% 
110,844 
0.04% 
09.2012 
263,728,689 
2,027,040 
0.77% 
776,699 
0.29% 
314,348 
0.12% 
390,799 
0.15% 
0.00 
140,049 
0.05% 
63,276 
0.02% 
62,976 
0.02% 
124,498 
0.05% 
10.2012 
262,709,395 
1,944,141 
0.74% 
611,675 
0.23% 
264,425 
0.10% 
410,028 
0.16% 
0.00 
137,367 
0.05% 
79,642 
0.03% 
43,809 
0.02% 
149,209 
0.06% 
11.2012 
257,663,544 
2,371,159 
0.92% 
668,406 
0.26% 
268,904 
0.10% 
430,658 
0.17% 
0.00 
115,264 
0.04% 
93,553 
0.04% 
61,333 
0.02% 
160,509 
0.06% 
12.2012 
253,343,281 
1,880,448 
0.74% 
689,958 
0.27% 
297,223 
0.12% 
500,811 
0.20% 
0.00 
127,345 
0.05% 
108,175 
0.04% 
62,304 
0.02% 
202,986 
0.08% 
01.2013 
247,046,320 
1,832,481 
0.74% 
776,744 
0.31% 
313,754 
0.13% 
464,077 
0.19% 
0.00 
127,175 
0.05% 
89,030 
0.04% 
48,801 
0.02% 
199,072 
0.08% 
02.2013 
239,535,488 
1,442,805 
0.60% 
848,546 
0.35% 
348,451 
0.15% 
491,672 
0.21% 
0.00 
145,645 
0.06% 
81,702 
0.03% 
37,043 
0.02% 
227,282 
0.09% 
03.2013 
245,634,215 
11,726,647 
4.77% 
789,926 
0.32% 
308,544 
0.13% 
469,900 
0.19% 
0.00 
156,952 
0.06% 
118,309 
0.05% 
18,194 
0.01% 
176,445 
0.07% 
04.2013 
244,225,673 
1,607,750 
0.66% 
712,878 
0.29% 
431,477 
0.18% 
466,986 
0.19% 
0.00 
126,772 
0.05% 
79,517 
0.03% 
84,918 
0.03% 
175,778 
0.07% 
05.2013 
241,237,875 
1,806,525 
0.75% 
731,598 
0.30% 
223,083 
0.09% 
684,362 
0.28% 
0.00 
283,958 
0.12% 
100,690 
0.04% 
72,380 
0.03% 
227,334 
0.09% 
06.2013 
238,423,522 
1,608,536 
0.67% 
799,663 
0.34% 
385,754 
0.16% 
529,629 
0.22% 
0.00 
91,539 
0.04% 
183,794 
0.08% 
41,513 
0.02% 
212,782 
0.09% 
07.2013 
233,630,710 
2,461,359 
1.05% 
757,880 
0.32% 
217,953 
0.09% 
472,378 
0.20% 
0.00 
124,218 
0.05% 
91,410 
0.04% 
44,160 
0.02% 
212,590 
0.09% 
08.2013 
226,435,818 
1,455,378 
0.64% 
775,287 
0.34% 
469,846 
0.21% 
451,818 
0.20% 
0.00 
111,831 
0.05% 
101,046 
0.04% 
25,596 
0.01% 
213,345 
0.09% 
09.2013 
226,867,980 
1,390,983 
0.61% 
790,271 
0.35% 
380,416 
0.17% 
504,831 
0.22% 
0.00 
193,865 
0.09% 
73,415 
0.03% 
57,033 
0.03% 
180,518 
0.08% 
10.2013 
222,342,580 
1,321,669 
0.59% 
700,843 
0.32% 
298,440 
0.13% 
477,299 
0.21% 
0.00 
130,061 
0.06% 
92,353 
0.04% 
46,640 
0.02% 
208,246 
0.09%

--- Page 177 ---
- 166 - 
 
 
 
Calendar Year/Month 
Principal 
Outstanding 
Delinquent 
balance 1-30  
dpd (£) 
1-30 
dpd (%) 
Delinquent 
balance 31-60  
dpd (£) 
31-60 
dpd (%) 
Delinquent 
balance 61-90  
dpd (£) 
61-90 
dpd (%) 
Delinquent 
balance 91+  
dpd (£) 
91+ 
dpd (%) 
Delinquent 
balance 91-120  
dpd (£) 
91-120 
dpd (%) 
Delinquent 
balance 121-
150 
dpd (£) 
121-
150 
dpd (%) 
Delinquent 
balance 151-
180  
dpd (£) 
151-
180 
dpd (%) 
Delinquent 
balance 180+  
dpd (£) 
180+ 
dpd (%) 
11.2013 
217,741,157 
1,405,899 
0.65% 
570,680 
0.26% 
213,626 
0.10% 
580,747 
0.27% 
0.00 
179,341 
0.08% 
98,541 
0.05% 
78,855 
0.04% 
224,010 
0.10% 
12.2013 
211,874,679 
1,668,533 
0.79% 
404,497 
0.19% 
234,846 
0.11% 
625,693 
0.30% 
0.00 
171,698 
0.08% 
126,755 
0.06% 
96,256 
0.05% 
230,984 
0.11% 
01.2014 
204,564,195 
1,019,229 
0.50% 
741,399 
0.36% 
254,235 
0.12% 
605,356 
0.30% 
0.00 
125,701 
0.06% 
154,751 
0.08% 
107,526 
0.05% 
217,377 
0.11% 
02.2014 
196,557,212 
916,159 
0.47% 
501,567 
0.26% 
340,604 
0.17% 
531,012 
0.27% 
0.00 
78,868 
0.04% 
152,218 
0.08% 
80,227 
0.04% 
219,698 
0.11% 
03.2014 
199,142,992 
1,030,894 
0.52% 
446,029 
0.22% 
258,690 
0.13% 
441,512 
0.22% 
0.00 
83,767 
0.04% 
53,350 
0.03% 
74,533 
0.04% 
229,862 
0.12% 
04.2014 
195,403,896 
1,177,488 
0.60% 
427,362 
0.22% 
270,450 
0.14% 
482,261 
0.25% 
0.00 
102,742 
0.05% 
58,285 
0.03% 
36,101 
0.02% 
285,134 
0.15% 
05.2014 
192,302,306 
1,050,494 
0.55% 
381,673 
0.20% 
169,996 
0.09% 
498,631 
0.26% 
0.00 
150,763 
0.08% 
59,296 
0.03% 
53,247 
0.03% 
235,324 
0.12% 
06.2014 
188,899,450 
910,811 
0.48% 
402,133 
0.21% 
199,146 
0.11% 
486,675 
0.26% 
0.00 
114,483 
0.06% 
75,253 
0.04% 
59,384 
0.03% 
237,556 
0.13% 
07.2014 
184,227,510 
985,558 
0.53% 
321,275 
0.17% 
151,675 
0.08% 
333,228 
0.18% 
0.00 
67,307 
0.04% 
53,989 
0.03% 
31,965 
0.02% 
179,966 
0.10% 
08.2014 
175,004,893 
1,154,143 
0.66% 
436,865 
0.25% 
244,013 
0.14% 
365,424 
0.21% 
0.00 
91,823 
0.05% 
49,995 
0.03% 
45,106 
0.03% 
178,500 
0.10% 
09.2014 
174,805,226 
794,898 
0.45% 
557,783 
0.32% 
209,596 
0.12% 
408,099 
0.23% 
0.00 
139,080 
0.08% 
40,570 
0.02% 
41,579 
0.02% 
186,870 
0.11% 
10.2014 
173,326,471 
868,889 
0.50% 
267,187 
0.15% 
260,684 
0.15% 
381,145 
0.22% 
0.00 
85,879 
0.05% 
126,057 
0.07% 
24,714 
0.01% 
144,495 
0.08% 
11.2014 
171,060,192 
611,251 
0.36% 
325,563 
0.19% 
159,319 
0.09% 
453,585 
0.27% 
0.00 
142,398 
0.08% 
72,645 
0.04% 
87,838 
0.05% 
150,704 
0.09% 
12.2014 
168,877,056 
832,193 
0.49% 
352,461 
0.21% 
189,016 
0.11% 
332,187 
0.20% 
0.00 
92,088 
0.05% 
70,084 
0.04% 
9,376 
0.01% 
160,640 
0.10% 
01.2015 
165,578,254 
672,503 
0.41% 
373,464 
0.23% 
141,844 
0.09% 
305,718 
0.18% 
0.00 
89,281 
0.05% 
67,344 
0.04% 
40,194 
0.02% 
108,900 
0.07% 
02.2015 
161,860,460 
560,688 
0.35% 
316,313 
0.20% 
162,711 
0.10% 
249,907 
0.15% 
0.00 
112,204 
0.07% 
13,515 
0.01% 
15,906 
0.01% 
108,282 
0.07% 
03.2015 
167,395,600 
893,983 
0.53% 
330,269 
0.20% 
190,194 
0.11% 
318,418 
0.19% 
0.00 
98,742 
0.06% 
97,283 
0.06% 
11,827 
0.01% 
110,566 
0.07% 
04.2015 
166,740,932 
503,196 
0.30% 
256,593 
0.15% 
113,240 
0.07% 
287,002 
0.17% 
0.00 
92,515 
0.06% 
65,988 
0.04% 
25,787 
0.02% 
102,712 
0.06% 
05.2015 
165,559,560 
869,882 
0.53% 
234,891 
0.14% 
171,864 
0.10% 
304,426 
0.18% 
0.00 
109,102 
0.07% 
37,849 
0.02% 
49,446 
0.03% 
108,029 
0.07% 
06.2015 
164,217,468 
1,589,570 
0.97% 
329,152 
0.20% 
111,504 
0.07% 
288,676 
0.18% 
0.00 
97,703 
0.06% 
49,909 
0.03% 
26,609 
0.02% 
114,456 
0.07% 
07.2015 
161,737,602 
1,034,358 
0.64% 
648,782 
0.40% 
165,072 
0.10% 
288,096 
0.18% 
0.00 
92,239 
0.06% 
57,273 
0.04% 
20,573 
0.01% 
118,010 
0.07% 
08.2015 
157,213,382 
773,761 
0.49% 
458,182 
0.29% 
243,980 
0.16% 
376,908 
0.24% 
0.00 
162,662 
0.10% 
53,429 
0.03% 
50,311 
0.03% 
110,506 
0.07% 
09.2015 
156,066,044 
807,667 
0.52% 
392,375 
0.25% 
147,165 
0.09% 
438,459 
0.28% 
0.00 
224,596 
0.14% 
86,417 
0.06% 
16,244 
0.01% 
111,202 
0.07% 
10.2015 
152,401,996 
859,080 
0.56% 
309,931 
0.20% 
127,015 
0.08% 
446,413 
0.29% 
0.00 
107,238 
0.07% 
173,381 
0.11% 
61,325 
0.04% 
104,470 
0.07% 
11.2015 
146,792,828 
671,062 
0.46% 
316,385 
0.22% 
162,474 
0.11% 
404,891 
0.28% 
0.00 
117,776 
0.08% 
93,963 
0.06% 
66,269 
0.05% 
126,884 
0.09% 
12.2015 
145,484,280 
763,434 
0.52% 
292,265 
0.20% 
127,052 
0.09% 
427,584 
0.29% 
0.00 
118,174 
0.08% 
83,906 
0.06% 
76,232 
0.05% 
149,273 
0.10% 
01.2016 
141,840,102 
719,995 
0.51% 
342,012 
0.24% 
210,281 
0.15% 
337,883 
0.24% 
0.00 
20,556 
0.01% 
93,484 
0.07% 
76,027 
0.05% 
147,816 
0.10% 
02.2016 
138,308,667 
812,287 
0.59% 
350,620 
0.25% 
180,220 
0.13% 
365,080 
0.26% 
0.00 
110,461 
0.08% 
11,366 
0.01% 
101,473 
0.07% 
141,780 
0.10% 
03.2016 
142,729,353 
987,957 
0.69% 
251,794 
0.18% 
152,810 
0.11% 
266,691 
0.19% 
0.00 
45,879 
0.03% 
71,993 
0.05% 
9,730 
0.01% 
139,089 
0.10% 
04.2016 
142,494,236 
695,116 
0.49% 
335,268 
0.24% 
77,189 
0.05% 
266,867 
0.19% 
0.00 
95,277 
0.07% 
9,922 
0.01% 
52,797 
0.04% 
108,871 
0.08% 
05.2016 
143,092,611 
712,085 
0.50% 
202,065 
0.14% 
125,858 
0.09% 
202,103 
0.14% 
0.00 
31,571 
0.02% 
55,134 
0.04% 
2,006 
0.00% 
113,393 
0.08% 
06.2016 
143,506,808 
745,640 
0.52% 
315,740 
0.22% 
106,649 
0.07% 
141,719 
0.10% 
0.00 
31,595 
0.02% 
16,662 
0.01% 
12,980 
0.01% 
80,482 
0.06% 
07.2016 
140,578,046 
765,356 
0.54% 
238,791 
0.17% 
87,648 
0.06% 
189,410 
0.13% 
0.00 
101,828 
0.07% 
24,487 
0.02% 
6,234 
0.00% 
56,861 
0.04% 
08.2016 
136,596,954 
620,451 
0.45% 
463,743 
0.34% 
58,376 
0.04% 
216,721 
0.16% 
0.00 
81,155 
0.06% 
58,879 
0.04% 
26,853 
0.02% 
49,834 
0.04% 
09.2016 
139,283,526 
628,132 
0.45% 
350,608 
0.25% 
109,578 
0.08% 
167,733 
0.12% 
0.00 
27,910 
0.02% 
47,184 
0.03% 
34,230 
0.02% 
58,409 
0.04% 
10.2016 
137,265,479 
919,140 
0.67% 
285,158 
0.21% 
43,878 
0.03% 
193,536 
0.14% 
0.00 
60,274 
0.04% 
14,616 
0.01% 
44,639 
0.03% 
74,007 
0.05% 
11.2016 
136,105,159 
545,368 
0.40% 
378,563 
0.28% 
60,583 
0.04% 
164,229 
0.12% 
0.00 
23,628 
0.02% 
38,391 
0.03% 
13,387 
0.01% 
88,823 
0.07% 
12.2016 
134,630,599 
696,320 
0.52% 
351,785 
0.26% 
92,845 
0.07% 
171,541 
0.13% 
0.00 
35,970 
0.03% 
314 
0.00% 
38,388 
0.03% 
96,869 
0.07% 
01.2017 
131,027,617 
551,220 
0.42% 
361,326 
0.28% 
149,454 
0.11% 
149,615 
0.11% 
0.00 
56,852 
0.04% 
29,516 
0.02% 
314 
0.00% 
62,933 
0.05% 
02.2017 
126,644,039 
610,880 
0.48% 
335,753 
0.27% 
102,414 
0.08% 
156,329 
0.12% 
0.00 
97,175 
0.08% 
1,014 
0.00% 
4,085 
0.00% 
54,055 
0.04% 
03.2017 
131,451,070 
532,897 
0.41% 
380,903 
0.29% 
60,079 
0.05% 
159,060 
0.12% 
0.00 
44,846 
0.03% 
69,861 
0.05% 
851 
0.00% 
43,502 
0.03% 
04.2017 
128,440,815 
509,960 
0.40% 
333,827 
0.26% 
93,820 
0.07% 
208,381 
0.16% 
0.00 
74,496 
0.06% 
26,335 
0.02% 
68,530 
0.05% 
39,021 
0.03% 
05.2017 
125,569,835 
519,792 
0.41% 
363,394 
0.29% 
121,366 
0.10% 
132,585 
0.11% 
0.00 
55,965 
0.04% 
21,076 
0.02% 
11,606 
0.01% 
43,938 
0.03% 
06.2017 
126,016,503 
460,574 
0.37% 
175,704 
0.14% 
175,840 
0.14% 
177,218 
0.14% 
0.00 
85,097 
0.07% 
19,100 
0.02% 
19,121 
0.02% 
53,900 
0.04% 
07.2017 
124,685,280 
486,574 
0.39% 
100,869 
0.08% 
106,488 
0.09% 
184,180 
0.15% 
0.00 
94,412 
0.08% 
35,284 
0.03% 
18,963 
0.02% 
35,521 
0.03% 
08.2017 
120,344,778 
497,178 
0.41% 
221,496 
0.18% 
88,278 
0.07% 
126,313 
0.10% 
0.00 
22,631 
0.02% 
30,988 
0.03% 
30,096 
0.03% 
42,598 
0.04% 
09.2017 
125,442,267 
413,384 
0.33% 
286,862 
0.23% 
121,785 
0.10% 
128,300 
0.10% 
0.00 
18,487 
0.01% 
22,909 
0.02% 
23,052 
0.02% 
63,852 
0.05% 
10.2017 
124,475,815 
855,140 
0.69% 
154,341 
0.12% 
60,829 
0.05% 
159,455 
0.13% 
0.00 
73,673 
0.06% 
9,884 
0.01% 
8,045 
0.01% 
67,853 
0.05% 
11.2017 
123,811,243 
537,548 
0.43% 
281,085 
0.23% 
49,994 
0.04% 
105,812 
0.09% 
0.00 
24,563 
0.02% 
13,125 
0.01% 
5,092 
0.00% 
63,032 
0.05% 
12.2017 
122,097,422 
451,393 
0.37% 
169,010 
0.14% 
136,055 
0.11% 
115,698 
0.09% 
0.00 
25,250 
0.02% 
7,606 
0.01% 
13,125 
0.01% 
69,717 
0.06% 
01.2018 
120,625,300 
700,843 
0.58% 
272,379 
0.23% 
165,363 
0.14% 
140,303 
0.12% 
0.00 
49,679 
0.04% 
12,079 
0.01% 
882 
0.00% 
77,663 
0.06% 
02.2018 
118,033,582 
757,652 
0.64% 
472,397 
0.40% 
52,957 
0.04% 
136,191 
0.12% 
0.00 
1,649 
0.00% 
49,921 
0.04% 
11,899 
0.01% 
72,722 
0.06% 
03.2018 
124,312,919 
545,485 
0.44% 
521,474 
0.42% 
115,744 
0.09% 
150,686 
0.12% 
0.00 
17,344 
0.01% 
1,649 
0.00% 
49,674 
0.04% 
82,019 
0.07% 
04.2018 
124,792,039 
551,005 
0.44% 
339,257 
0.27% 
197,588 
0.16% 
212,587 
0.17% 
0.00 
89,363 
0.07% 
6,434 
0.01% 
18,273 
0.01% 
98,517 
0.08% 
05.2018 
125,872,664 
471,766 
0.37% 
287,422 
0.23% 
89,658 
0.07% 
316,809 
0.25% 
0.00 
180,611 
0.14% 
41,036 
0.03% 
21,087 
0.02% 
74,075 
0.06% 
06.2018 
125,962,411 
545,367 
0.43% 
362,135 
0.29% 
23,749 
0.02% 
247,065 
0.20% 
0.00 
53,585 
0.04% 
88,177 
0.07% 
29,421 
0.02% 
75,881 
0.06% 
07.2018 
124,319,547 
835,214 
0.67% 
272,152 
0.22% 
174,771 
0.14% 
216,535 
0.17% 
0.00 
6,650 
0.01% 
32,437 
0.03% 
77,823 
0.06% 
99,624 
0.08% 
08.2018 
120,280,376 
1,088,343 
0.90% 
290,399 
0.24% 
124,276 
0.10% 
227,474 
0.19% 
0.00 
88,366 
0.07% 
7,634 
0.01% 
28,519 
0.02% 
102,955 
0.09% 
09.2018 
119,140,849 
413,088 
0.35% 
321,495 
0.27% 
89,302 
0.07% 
230,907 
0.19% 
0.00 
36,050 
0.03% 
68,569 
0.06% 
12,975 
0.01% 
113,313 
0.10% 
10.2018 
117,787,755 
507,867 
0.43% 
205,717 
0.17% 
129,562 
0.11% 
190,958 
0.16% 
0.00 
19,009 
0.02% 
10,337 
0.01% 
71,253 
0.06% 
90,359 
0.08% 
11.2018 
116,774,033 
516,214 
0.44% 
371,510 
0.32% 
34,814 
0.03% 
187,418 
0.16% 
0.00 
66,524 
0.06% 
14,149 
0.01% 
8,118 
0.01% 
98,626 
0.08% 
12.2018 
115,970,072 
789,480 
0.68% 
261,596 
0.23% 
95,686 
0.08% 
136,885 
0.12% 
0.00 
9,194 
0.01% 
16,202 
0.01% 
13,739 
0.01% 
97,750 
0.08% 
01.2019 
113,615,768 
733,202 
0.65% 
319,224 
0.28% 
155,169 
0.14% 
141,914 
0.12% 
0.00 
24,147 
0.02% 
2,600 
0.00% 
9,964 
0.01% 
105,203 
0.09% 
02.2019 
111,193,590 
427,627 
0.38% 
333,749 
0.30% 
117,171 
0.11% 
137,572 
0.12% 
0.00 
12,825 
0.01% 
20,385 
0.02% 
2,600 
0.00% 
101,762 
0.09% 
03.2019 
113,541,442 
560,211 
0.49% 
263,969 
0.23% 
88,942 
0.08% 
101,963 
0.09% 
0.00 
3,674 
0.00% 
14,922 
0.01% 
20,385 
0.02% 
62,982 
0.06% 
04.2019 
114,597,294 
656,985 
0.57% 
316,245 
0.28% 
64,154 
0.06% 
108,197 
0.09% 
0.00 
20,612 
0.02% 
3,674 
0.00% 
4,089 
0.00% 
79,822 
0.07% 
05.2019 
116,420,544 
1,032,659 
0.89% 
282,971 
0.24% 
75,932 
0.07% 
100,690 
0.09% 
0.00 
36,200 
0.03% 
1,994 
0.00% 
3,674 
0.00% 
58,822 
0.05% 
06.2019 
116,803,222 
786,056 
0.67% 
582,869 
0.50% 
142,155 
0.12% 
70,631 
0.06% 
0.00 
14,721 
0.01% 
6,225 
0.01% 
925 
0.00% 
48,761 
0.04% 
07.2019 
115,543,991 
676,950 
0.59% 
291,573 
0.25% 
185,821 
0.16% 
95,060 
0.08% 
0.00 
41,478 
0.04% 
5,207 
0.00% 
6,222 
0.01% 
42,153 
0.04% 
08.2019 
114,106,440 
701,065 
0.61% 
343,581 
0.30% 
120,718 
0.11% 
173,622 
0.15% 
0.00 
72,265 
0.06% 
53,359 
0.05% 
285 
0.00% 
47,713 
0.04% 
09.2019 
114,335,959 
688,726 
0.60% 
303,016 
0.27% 
80,534 
0.07% 
126,950 
0.11% 
0.00 
68,235 
0.06% 
1,475 
0.00% 
29,660 
0.03% 
27,579 
0.02% 
10.2019 
113,146,260 
848,634 
0.75% 
199,641 
0.18% 
126,905 
0.11% 
46,768 
0.04% 
0.00 
15,349 
0.01% 
7,824 
0.01% 
1,475 
0.00% 
22,120 
0.02% 
11.2019 
112,732,788 
741,016 
0.66% 
233,995 
0.21% 
48,903 
0.04% 
98,078 
0.09% 
0.00 
68,373 
0.06% 
5,378 
0.00% 
7,254 
0.01% 
17,073 
0.02% 
12.2019 
112,210,337 
566,788 
0.51% 
228,871 
0.20% 
95,087 
0.08% 
68,941 
0.06% 
0.00 
36,961 
0.03% 
6,943 
0.01% 
5,378 
0.00% 
19,659 
0.02%

--- Page 178 ---
- 167 - 
 
 
 
Calendar Year/Month 
Principal 
Outstanding 
Delinquent 
balance 1-30  
dpd (£) 
1-30 
dpd (%) 
Delinquent 
balance 31-60  
dpd (£) 
31-60 
dpd (%) 
Delinquent 
balance 61-90  
dpd (£) 
61-90 
dpd (%) 
Delinquent 
balance 91+  
dpd (£) 
91+ 
dpd (%) 
Delinquent 
balance 91-120  
dpd (£) 
91-120 
dpd (%) 
Delinquent 
balance 121-
150 
dpd (£) 
121-
150 
dpd (%) 
Delinquent 
balance 151-
180  
dpd (£) 
151-
180 
dpd (%) 
Delinquent 
balance 180+  
dpd (£) 
180+ 
dpd (%) 
01.2020 
110,624,890 
574,965 
0.52% 
202,140 
0.18% 
99,055 
0.09% 
67,377 
0.06% 
0.00 
27,240 
0.02% 
15,358 
0.01% 
6,887 
0.01% 
17,893 
0.02% 
02.2020 
108,176,555 
810,869 
0.75% 
256,559 
0.24% 
109,328 
0.10% 
54,572 
0.05% 
0.00 
10,445 
0.01% 
5,571 
0.01% 
13,132 
0.01% 
25,425 
0.02% 
03.2020 
110,360,492 
1,568,999 
1.42% 
302,118 
0.27% 
127,820 
0.12% 
58,228 
0.05% 
0.00 
20,200 
0.02% 
7,627 
0.01% 
30,400 
0.03% 
04.2020 
105,717,854 
4,083,405 
3.86% 
1,172,962 
1.11% 
141,330 
0.13% 
97,422 
0.09% 
0.00 
54,779 
0.05% 
4,913 
0.00% 
37,730 
0.04% 
05.2020 
101,624,777 
2,292,749 
2.26% 
3,093,517 
3.04% 
701,467 
0.69% 
134,796 
0.13% 
0.00 
54,477 
0.05% 
45,667 
0.04% 
4,911 
0.00% 
29,740 
0.03% 
06.2020 
101,836,462 
795,616 
0.78% 
686,825 
0.67% 
2,855,565 
2.80% 
594,939 
0.58% 
0.00 
473,880 
0.47% 
53,219 
0.05% 
45,658 
0.04% 
22,181 
0.02% 
07.2020 
105,228,476 
1,125,105 
1.07% 
481,440 
0.46% 
564,336 
0.54% 
2,521,464 
2.40% 
0.00 
1,942,893 
1.85% 
457,123 
0.43% 
53,011 
0.05% 
68,438 
0.07% 
08.2020 
105,600,604 
1,010,292 
0.96% 
322,794 
0.31% 
599,019 
0.57% 
2,407,287 
2.28% 
0.00 
520,135 
0.49% 
1,355,136 
1.28% 
390,681 
0.37% 
141,335 
0.13% 
09.2020 
110,402,421 
683,379 
0.62% 
606,056 
0.55% 
434,475 
0.39% 
2,122,734 
1.92% 
0.00 
533,709 
0.48% 
177,168 
0.16% 
1,085,232 
0.98% 
326,625 
0.30% 
10.2020 
111,289,748 
1,013,726 
0.91% 
280,681 
0.25% 
571,311 
0.51% 
1,804,074 
1.62% 
0.00 
406,502 
0.37% 
182,660 
0.16% 
45,563 
0.04% 
1,169,350 
1.05% 
11.2020 
113,936,126 
757,246 
0.66% 
486,850 
0.43% 
375,356 
0.33% 
1,604,532 
1.41% 
0.00 
492,711 
0.43% 
38,345 
0.03% 
142,986 
0.13% 
930,489 
0.82% 
12.2020 
117,885,707 
975,012 
0.83% 
412,344 
0.35% 
583,870 
0.50% 
1,311,809 
1.11% 
0.00 
279,227 
0.24% 
95,226 
0.08% 
100,862 
0.09% 
836,494 
0.71% 
01.2021 
119,358,751 
656,551 
0.55% 
430,277 
0.36% 
556,273 
0.47% 
1,400,904 
1.17% 
0.00 
400,179 
0.34% 
75,566 
0.06% 
210,676 
0.18% 
714,483 
0.60% 
02.2021 
117,033,062 
680,635 
0.58% 
373,710 
0.32% 
504,018 
0.43% 
1,112,562 
0.95% 
0.00 
253,236 
0.22% 
96,798 
0.08% 
137,890 
0.12% 
624,638 
0.53% 
03.2021 
123,868,356 
843,549 
0.68% 
412,292 
0.33% 
430,350 
0.35% 
945,870 
0.76% 
0.00 
229,467 
0.19% 
226,125 
0.18% 
54,453 
0.04% 
435,825 
0.35% 
04.2021 
127,365,053 
641,995 
0.50% 
500,419 
0.39% 
321,169 
0.25% 
724,156 
0.57% 
0.00 
184,722 
0.15% 
193,535 
0.15% 
106,478 
0.08% 
239,421 
0.19% 
05.2021 
131,357,676 
736,426 
0.56% 
337,643 
0.26% 
293,691 
0.22% 
663,511 
0.51% 
0.00 
243,871 
0.19% 
97,371 
0.07% 
131,849 
0.10% 
190,419 
0.14% 
06.2021 
133,440,609 
670,485 
0.50% 
549,267 
0.41% 
208,217 
0.16% 
524,309 
0.39% 
0.00 
142,998 
0.11% 
67,776 
0.05% 
103,522 
0.08% 
210,013 
0.16% 
07.2021 
133,613,505 
325,739 
0.24% 
420,518 
0.31% 
317,077 
0.24% 
312,373 
0.23% 
0.00 
44,743 
0.03% 
133,847 
0.10% 
16,382 
0.01% 
117,402 
0.09% 
08.2021 
131,824,614 
314,798 
0.24% 
305,350 
0.23% 
284,358 
0.22% 
245,460 
0.19% 
0.00 
91,084 
0.07% 
38,488 
0.03% 
8,679 
0.01% 
107,210 
0.08% 
09.2021 
131,729,195 
623,019 
0.47% 
273,982 
0.21% 
161,438 
0.12% 
267,144 
0.20% 
0.00 
150,312 
0.11% 
30,779 
0.02% 
407 
0.00% 
85,645 
0.07% 
10.2021 
131,798,335 
626,127 
0.48% 
253,900 
0.19% 
176,352 
0.13% 
140,149 
0.11% 
0.00 
45,207 
0.03% 
12,906 
0.01% 
25,598 
0.02% 
56,439 
0.04% 
11.2021 
133,480,892 
456,308 
0.34% 
318,516 
0.24% 
115,551 
0.09% 
149,705 
0.11% 
0.00 
86,273 
0.06% 
26,438 
0.02% 
36,994 
0.03% 
12.2021 
135,805,466 
636,129 
0.47% 
271,844 
0.20% 
148,345 
0.11% 
167,559 
0.12% 
0.00 
54,502 
0.04% 
66,730 
0.05% 
8,355 
0.01% 
37,972 
0.03% 
01.2022 
136,288,263 
666,869 
0.49% 
196,022 
0.14% 
192,197 
0.14% 
166,481 
0.12% 
0.00 
34,087 
0.03% 
41,015 
0.03% 
66,730 
0.05% 
24,648 
0.02% 
02.2022 
134,570,830 
668,232 
0.50% 
176,107 
0.13% 
50,654 
0.04% 
200,583 
0.15% 
0.00 
78,601 
0.06% 
1,872 
0.00% 
20,312 
0.02% 
99,798 
0.07% 
03.2022 
141,551,488 
505,877 
0.36% 
339,146 
0.24% 
14,824 
0.01% 
80,877 
0.06% 
0.00 
42,002 
0.03% 
2,637 
0.00% 
36,238 
0.03% 
04.2022 
142,752,789 
395,020 
0.28% 
194,281 
0.14% 
82,021 
0.06% 
90,629 
0.06% 
0.00 
39,093 
0.03% 
16,592 
0.01% 
651 
0.00% 
34,293 
0.02% 
05.2022 
145,451,116 
1,154,002 
0.79% 
204,601 
0.14% 
41,819 
0.03% 
57,175 
0.04% 
0.00 
4,838 
0.00% 
4,937 
0.00% 
15,112 
0.01% 
32,288 
0.02% 
06.2022 
148,848,803 
721,746 
0.48% 
289,098 
0.19% 
44,770 
0.03% 
60,018 
0.04% 
0.00 
13,560 
0.01% 
496 
0.00% 
421 
0.00% 
45,541 
0.03% 
07.2022 
150,887,263 
673,362 
0.45% 
176,818 
0.12% 
89,139 
0.06% 
59,049 
0.04% 
0.00 
5,583 
0.00% 
8,398 
0.01% 
496 
0.00% 
44,572 
0.03% 
08.2022 
149,552,777 
541,447 
0.36% 
205,387 
0.14% 
184,188 
0.12% 
53,208 
0.04% 
0.00 
12,210 
0.01% 
40,997 
0.03% 
09.2022 
153,300,719 
526,150 
0.34% 
353,611 
0.23% 
106,391 
0.07% 
141,220 
0.09% 
0.00 
95,388 
0.06% 
12,210 
0.01% 
33,621 
0.02% 
10.2022 
153,753,079 
811,146 
0.53% 
272,253 
0.18% 
45,382 
0.03% 
198,757 
0.13% 
0.00 
98,540 
0.06% 
56,170 
0.04% 
12,210 
0.01% 
31,837 
0.02% 
11.2022 
156,078,673 
661,139 
0.42% 
323,551 
0.21% 
119,971 
0.08% 
127,780 
0.08% 
0.00 
22,605 
0.01% 
37,379 
0.02% 
35,500 
0.02% 
32,295 
0.02% 
12.2022 
159,911,845 
937,525 
0.59% 
204,526 
0.13% 
267,722 
0.17% 
167,730 
0.10% 
0.00 
40,671 
0.03% 
21,487 
0.01% 
19,773 
0.01% 
85,799 
0.05% 
01.2023 
161,153,084 
794,716 
0.49% 
378,583 
0.23% 
150,317 
0.09% 
301,445 
0.19% 
0.00 
154,726 
0.10% 
41,255 
0.03% 
1,238 
0.00% 
104,226 
0.06% 
02.2023 
160,566,587 
588,868 
0.37% 
451,016 
0.28% 
182,933 
0.11% 
241,676 
0.15% 
0.00 
74,697 
0.05% 
36,864 
0.02% 
39,493 
0.02% 
90,622 
0.06% 
03.2023 
169,056,764 
1,010,822 
0.60% 
279,679 
0.17% 
303,780 
0.18% 
245,280 
0.15% 
0.00 
81,772 
0.05% 
55,950 
0.03% 
27,515 
0.02% 
80,043 
0.05% 
04.2023 
168,591,396 
777,163 
0.46% 
444,609 
0.26% 
154,790 
0.09% 
415,921 
0.25% 
0.00 
186,259 
0.11% 
50,322 
0.03% 
73,153 
0.04% 
106,187 
0.06% 
05.2023 
168,568,190 
609,248 
0.36% 
330,593 
0.20% 
178,967 
0.11% 
476,793 
0.28% 
0.00 
105,457 
0.06% 
141,384 
0.08% 
51,433 
0.03% 
178,519 
0.11% 
06.2023 
173,169,716 
649,801 
0.38% 
544,637 
0.31% 
139,040 
0.08% 
382,318 
0.22% 
0.00 
52,673 
0.03% 
75,115 
0.04% 
25,444 
0.01% 
229,086 
0.13% 
 
 
Used HP 
 
Calendar Year/Month 
Principal 
Outstanding 
Delinquent 
balance 1-30  
dpd (£) 
1-30 
dpd (%) 
Delinquent 
balance 31-60  
dpd (£) 
31-60 
dpd (%) 
Delinquent 
balance 61-90  
dpd (£) 
61-90 
dpd (%) 
Delinquent 
balance 91+  
dpd (£) 
91+ 
dpd (%) 
Delinquent 
balance 91-120  
dpd (£) 
91-120 
dpd (%) 
Delinquent 
balance 121-
150 
dpd (£) 
121-
150 
dpd (%) 
Delinquent 
balance 151-
180  
dpd (£) 
151-
180 
dpd (%) 
Delinquent 
balance 180+  
dpd (£) 
180+ 
dpd (%) 
06.2007 
321,915,294 
3,445,113 
1.07% 
2,489,582 
0.77% 
1,067,185 
0.33% 
1,572,053 
0.49% 
0.00 
616,753 
0.19% 
321,472 
0.10% 
213,220 
0.07% 
420,609 
0.13% 
07.2007 
325,520,606 
5,202,990 
1.60% 
2,399,590 
0.74% 
1,078,380 
0.33% 
1,441,113 
0.44% 
0.00 
513,237 
0.16% 
278,195 
0.09% 
170,660 
0.05% 
479,021 
0.15% 
08.2007 
328,472,736 
4,618,797 
1.41% 
2,280,414 
0.69% 
1,519,473 
0.46% 
1,687,279 
0.51% 
0.00 
759,768 
0.23% 
308,849 
0.09% 
155,912 
0.05% 
462,750 
0.14% 
09.2007 
332,784,637 
7,257,423 
2.18% 
2,509,936 
0.75% 
1,258,035 
0.38% 
1,637,899 
0.49% 
0.00 
695,150 
0.21% 
344,834 
0.10% 
166,556 
0.05% 
431,359 
0.13% 
10.2007 
336,895,547 
5,286,088 
1.57% 
2,345,835 
0.70% 
1,276,428 
0.38% 
1,685,980 
0.50% 
0.00 
648,759 
0.19% 
392,982 
0.12% 
220,014 
0.07% 
424,226 
0.13% 
11.2007 
339,175,896 
4,675,641 
1.38% 
2,449,484 
0.72% 
1,573,717 
0.46% 
1,666,176 
0.49% 
0.00 
535,100 
0.16% 
402,244 
0.12% 
252,603 
0.07% 
476,228 
0.14% 
12.2007 
338,737,030 
5,476,746 
1.62% 
2,420,325 
0.71% 
1,339,479 
0.40% 
2,056,411 
0.61% 
0.00 
872,872 
0.26% 
323,211 
0.10% 
279,608 
0.08% 
580,720 
0.17% 
01.2008 
342,953,580 
5,001,626 
1.46% 
2,939,047 
0.86% 
1,404,944 
0.41% 
2,245,236 
0.65% 
0.00 
882,003 
0.26% 
514,862 
0.15% 
220,629 
0.06% 
627,742 
0.18% 
02.2008 
346,986,122 
4,310,427 
1.24% 
2,811,326 
0.81% 
1,430,035 
0.41% 
2,006,679 
0.58% 
0.00 
793,895 
0.23% 
479,772 
0.14% 
246,062 
0.07% 
486,950 
0.14% 
03.2008 
352,438,156 
6,687,568 
1.90% 
2,747,782 
0.78% 
1,178,994 
0.33% 
2,124,504 
0.60% 
0.00 
847,148 
0.24% 
490,540 
0.14% 
252,030 
0.07% 
534,786 
0.15% 
04.2008 
359,574,166 
4,843,851 
1.35% 
3,307,423 
0.92% 
1,188,598 
0.33% 
2,086,037 
0.58% 
0.00 
740,629 
0.21% 
527,606 
0.15% 
263,830 
0.07% 
553,972 
0.15% 
05.2008 
367,396,237 
5,415,639 
1.47% 
2,527,570 
0.69% 
1,384,034 
0.38% 
2,244,108 
0.61% 
0.00 
830,486 
0.23% 
427,414 
0.12% 
364,683 
0.10% 
621,524 
0.17% 
06.2008 
373,233,946 
5,379,332 
1.44% 
2,736,373 
0.73% 
1,444,013 
0.39% 
2,172,953 
0.58% 
0.00 
766,942 
0.21% 
527,388 
0.14% 
186,392 
0.05% 
692,232 
0.19% 
07.2008 
376,346,273 
6,040,122 
1.60% 
2,679,307 
0.71% 
1,373,734 
0.37% 
2,041,600 
0.54% 
0.00 
819,319 
0.22% 
423,600 
0.11% 
216,076 
0.06% 
582,605 
0.15% 
08.2008 
382,248,479 
6,009,961 
1.57% 
3,913,490 
1.02% 
1,583,929 
0.41% 
2,159,832 
0.57% 
0.00 
926,366 
0.24% 
406,453 
0.11% 
200,555 
0.05% 
626,458 
0.16% 
09.2008 
390,334,435 
5,962,119 
1.53% 
3,954,959 
1.01% 
2,121,107 
0.54% 
2,309,636 
0.59% 
0.00 
971,845 
0.25% 
467,177 
0.12% 
232,723 
0.06% 
637,890 
0.16% 
10.2008 
394,419,581 
7,088,824 
1.80% 
3,625,636 
0.92% 
2,007,690 
0.51% 
2,457,489 
0.62% 
0.00 
1,267,250 
0.32% 
359,765 
0.09% 
265,179 
0.07% 
565,295 
0.14% 
11.2008 
395,599,876 
5,578,528 
1.41% 
4,322,420 
1.09% 
1,938,223 
0.49% 
2,815,544 
0.71% 
0.00 
1,180,683 
0.30% 
837,844 
0.21% 
247,127 
0.06% 
549,890 
0.14% 
12.2008 
395,758,199 
6,359,233 
1.61% 
3,418,000 
0.86% 
2,255,252 
0.57% 
3,117,869 
0.79% 
0.00 
1,192,860 
0.30% 
771,822 
0.20% 
549,841 
0.14% 
603,346 
0.15% 
01.2009 
400,099,540 
6,235,303 
1.56% 
4,786,745 
1.20% 
2,335,718 
0.58% 
3,670,317 
0.92% 
0.00 
1,459,246 
0.36% 
827,746 
0.21% 
566,037 
0.14% 
817,288 
0.20%

--- Page 179 ---
- 168 - 
 
 
 
Calendar Year/Month 
Principal 
Outstanding 
Delinquent 
balance 1-30  
dpd (£) 
1-30 
dpd (%) 
Delinquent 
balance 31-60  
dpd (£) 
31-60 
dpd (%) 
Delinquent 
balance 61-90  
dpd (£) 
61-90 
dpd (%) 
Delinquent 
balance 91+  
dpd (£) 
91+ 
dpd (%) 
Delinquent 
balance 91-120  
dpd (£) 
91-120 
dpd (%) 
Delinquent 
balance 121-
150 
dpd (£) 
121-
150 
dpd (%) 
Delinquent 
balance 151-
180  
dpd (£) 
151-
180 
dpd (%) 
Delinquent 
balance 180+  
dpd (£) 
180+ 
dpd (%) 
02.2009 
404,450,265 
5,918,350 
1.46% 
4,385,602 
1.08% 
2,497,838 
0.62% 
3,906,637 
0.97% 
0.00 
1,292,964 
0.32% 
896,380 
0.22% 
674,814 
0.17% 
1,042,479 
0.26% 
03.2009 
411,798,710 
6,556,353 
1.59% 
3,790,665 
0.92% 
1,744,641 
0.42% 
3,740,127 
0.91% 
0.00 
1,279,476 
0.31% 
630,896 
0.15% 
568,006 
0.14% 
1,261,748 
0.31% 
04.2009 
420,908,896 
6,678,403 
1.59% 
3,904,148 
0.93% 
1,642,649 
0.39% 
3,531,325 
0.84% 
0.00 
895,266 
0.21% 
779,914 
0.19% 
554,463 
0.13% 
1,301,683 
0.31% 
05.2009 
430,019,255 
7,243,721 
1.68% 
3,390,918 
0.79% 
1,736,619 
0.40% 
3,296,525 
0.77% 
0.00 
828,914 
0.19% 
524,711 
0.12% 
553,921 
0.13% 
1,388,979 
0.32% 
06.2009 
439,168,472 
7,540,871 
1.72% 
3,341,320 
0.76% 
1,483,157 
0.34% 
3,278,610 
0.75% 
0.00 
949,517 
0.22% 
523,265 
0.12% 
402,278 
0.09% 
1,403,550 
0.32% 
07.2009 
447,495,374 
8,407,814 
1.88% 
3,120,094 
0.70% 
1,366,439 
0.31% 
3,279,324 
0.73% 
0.00 
851,825 
0.19% 
715,630 
0.16% 
367,219 
0.08% 
1,344,650 
0.30% 
08.2009 
457,174,740 
6,372,674 
1.39% 
3,920,595 
0.86% 
1,722,306 
0.38% 
3,022,999 
0.66% 
0.00 
883,009 
0.19% 
452,385 
0.10% 
526,247 
0.12% 
1,161,358 
0.25% 
09.2009 
471,637,060 
6,833,627 
1.45% 
3,445,882 
0.73% 
1,667,841 
0.35% 
3,233,394 
0.69% 
0.00 
1,095,101 
0.23% 
518,578 
0.11% 
298,240 
0.06% 
1,321,474 
0.28% 
10.2009 
486,773,639 
8,191,917 
1.68% 
2,767,087 
0.57% 
1,410,225 
0.29% 
3,040,765 
0.62% 
0.00 
871,679 
0.18% 
661,299 
0.14% 
332,095 
0.07% 
1,175,692 
0.24% 
11.2009 
494,318,668 
7,137,704 
1.44% 
3,594,392 
0.73% 
1,408,103 
0.28% 
2,731,579 
0.55% 
0.00 
848,078 
0.17% 
425,772 
0.09% 
367,987 
0.07% 
1,089,743 
0.22% 
12.2009 
500,498,760 
8,294,007 
1.66% 
3,259,063 
0.65% 
1,368,690 
0.27% 
2,852,062 
0.57% 
0.00 
1,008,853 
0.20% 
433,068 
0.09% 
277,250 
0.06% 
1,132,892 
0.23% 
01.2010 
504,661,927 
8,182,599 
1.62% 
3,699,349 
0.73% 
1,856,483 
0.37% 
2,541,775 
0.50% 
0.00 
810,620 
0.16% 
525,135 
0.10% 
226,493 
0.04% 
979,527 
0.19% 
02.2010 
514,079,830 
7,875,653 
1.53% 
4,178,440 
0.81% 
1,573,539 
0.31% 
2,249,705 
0.44% 
0.00 
802,227 
0.16% 
387,227 
0.08% 
237,530 
0.05% 
822,721 
0.16% 
03.2010 
530,185,406 
8,235,602 
1.55% 
4,071,775 
0.77% 
1,378,346 
0.26% 
2,191,287 
0.41% 
0.00 
627,070 
0.12% 
427,729 
0.08% 
296,479 
0.06% 
840,008 
0.16% 
04.2010 
545,718,511 
7,794,774 
1.43% 
3,588,515 
0.66% 
1,844,356 
0.34% 
2,418,660 
0.44% 
0.00 
792,014 
0.15% 
379,468 
0.07% 
306,037 
0.06% 
941,141 
0.17% 
05.2010 
561,595,793 
8,428,208 
1.50% 
2,906,882 
0.52% 
1,743,756 
0.31% 
2,698,544 
0.48% 
0.00 
995,241 
0.18% 
433,910 
0.08% 
309,318 
0.06% 
960,076 
0.17% 
06.2010 
577,956,517 
8,411,885 
1.46% 
2,993,693 
0.52% 
1,465,300 
0.25% 
2,767,880 
0.48% 
0.00 
900,234 
0.16% 
548,984 
0.09% 
326,559 
0.06% 
992,103 
0.17% 
07.2010 
595,386,911 
8,650,395 
1.45% 
2,755,094 
0.46% 
1,498,527 
0.25% 
2,691,172 
0.45% 
0.00 
715,716 
0.12% 
516,344 
0.09% 
340,736 
0.06% 
1,118,377 
0.19% 
08.2010 
613,368,519 
8,116,875 
1.32% 
3,448,252 
0.56% 
1,573,436 
0.26% 
2,524,171 
0.41% 
0.00 
646,720 
0.11% 
408,577 
0.07% 
328,584 
0.05% 
1,140,290 
0.19% 
09.2010 
630,811,821 
8,130,890 
1.29% 
3,677,143 
0.58% 
1,475,502 
0.23% 
2,633,666 
0.42% 
0.00 
773,888 
0.12% 
415,965 
0.07% 
250,294 
0.04% 
1,193,519 
0.19% 
10.2010 
641,379,490 
8,776,416 
1.37% 
2,997,517 
0.47% 
1,638,084 
0.26% 
2,983,579 
0.47% 
0.00 
868,398 
0.14% 
553,890 
0.09% 
300,917 
0.05% 
1,260,375 
0.20% 
11.2010 
648,290,128 
8,930,204 
1.38% 
2,977,632 
0.46% 
1,407,013 
0.22% 
2,904,641 
0.45% 
0.00 
863,311 
0.13% 
480,310 
0.07% 
358,690 
0.06% 
1,202,330 
0.19% 
12.2010 
652,221,079 
9,394,151 
1.44% 
3,578,842 
0.55% 
1,387,371 
0.21% 
3,005,475 
0.46% 
0.00 
872,044 
0.13% 
512,601 
0.08% 
311,693 
0.05% 
1,309,138 
0.20% 
01.2011 
657,768,301 
8,432,356 
1.28% 
3,948,984 
0.60% 
2,079,453 
0.32% 
3,222,910 
0.49% 
0.00 
944,668 
0.14% 
549,513 
0.08% 
337,627 
0.05% 
1,391,102 
0.21% 
02.2011 
664,713,490 
8,313,645 
1.25% 
3,575,190 
0.54% 
1,774,741 
0.27% 
3,385,702 
0.51% 
0.00 
1,115,722 
0.17% 
526,264 
0.08% 
384,281 
0.06% 
1,359,435 
0.20% 
03.2011 
678,248,060 
9,603,482 
1.42% 
4,221,412 
0.62% 
1,272,073 
0.19% 
3,153,193 
0.46% 
0.00 
807,416 
0.12% 
667,898 
0.10% 
316,485 
0.05% 
1,361,395 
0.20% 
04.2011 
684,344,575 
8,978,318 
1.31% 
4,088,677 
0.60% 
2,043,135 
0.30% 
3,228,929 
0.47% 
0.00 
695,116 
0.10% 
614,662 
0.09% 
532,129 
0.08% 
1,387,023 
0.20% 
05.2011 
693,550,613 
9,242,505 
1.33% 
3,227,548 
0.47% 
1,711,312 
0.25% 
3,496,344 
0.50% 
0.00 
1,145,994 
0.17% 
408,363 
0.06% 
420,908 
0.06% 
1,521,078 
0.22% 
06.2011 
699,732,832 
9,450,351 
1.35% 
3,419,345 
0.49% 
1,703,149 
0.24% 
3,151,590 
0.45% 
0.00 
864,968 
0.12% 
594,878 
0.09% 
270,122 
0.04% 
1,421,622 
0.20% 
07.2011 
706,816,410 
10,116,551 
1.43% 
2,717,021 
0.38% 
1,591,066 
0.23% 
3,554,760 
0.50% 
0.00 
973,377 
0.14% 
626,787 
0.09% 
392,717 
0.06% 
1,561,879 
0.22% 
08.2011 
719,579,399 
9,680,819 
1.35% 
3,300,972 
0.46% 
1,439,866 
0.20% 
3,360,088 
0.47% 
0.00 
940,254 
0.13% 
542,591 
0.08% 
457,476 
0.06% 
1,419,767 
0.20% 
09.2011 
730,623,328 
9,544,086 
1.31% 
3,519,832 
0.48% 
1,597,682 
0.22% 
3,060,630 
0.42% 
0.00 
672,206 
0.09% 
649,750 
0.09% 
327,581 
0.04% 
1,411,093 
0.19% 
10.2011 
738,585,451 
10,025,491 
1.36% 
3,167,280 
0.43% 
1,771,505 
0.24% 
3,129,330 
0.42% 
0.00 
789,296 
0.11% 
449,959 
0.06% 
488,423 
0.07% 
1,401,653 
0.19% 
11.2011 
741,248,709 
8,508,487 
1.15% 
3,236,287 
0.44% 
1,784,315 
0.24% 
2,908,445 
0.39% 
0.00 
706,014 
0.10% 
463,534 
0.06% 
269,386 
0.04% 
1,469,511 
0.20% 
12.2011 
738,693,574 
9,895,871 
1.34% 
3,319,468 
0.45% 
1,654,435 
0.22% 
2,960,517 
0.40% 
0.00 
834,292 
0.11% 
397,723 
0.05% 
266,383 
0.04% 
1,462,119 
0.20% 
01.2012 
742,243,366 
9,843,156 
1.33% 
3,795,766 
0.51% 
1,630,548 
0.22% 
2,848,608 
0.38% 
0.00 
885,015 
0.12% 
397,983 
0.05% 
219,864 
0.03% 
1,345,746 
0.18% 
02.2012 
744,370,262 
8,637,272 
1.16% 
3,533,031 
0.47% 
1,341,415 
0.18% 
2,679,610 
0.36% 
0.00 
671,322 
0.09% 
582,398 
0.08% 
172,772 
0.02% 
1,253,118 
0.17% 
03.2012 
751,498,425 
10,252,533 
1.36% 
3,725,486 
0.50% 
1,339,327 
0.18% 
2,662,573 
0.35% 
0.00 
819,470 
0.11% 
406,074 
0.05% 
386,980 
0.05% 
1,050,048 
0.14% 
04.2012 
753,026,870 
9,005,476 
1.20% 
3,776,545 
0.50% 
1,522,473 
0.20% 
2,684,489 
0.36% 
0.00 
847,230 
0.11% 
474,124 
0.06% 
233,244 
0.03% 
1,129,891 
0.15% 
05.2012 
755,879,879 
13,404,233 
1.77% 
4,008,086 
0.53% 
1,646,934 
0.22% 
2,735,660 
0.36% 
0.00 
810,083 
0.11% 
472,804 
0.06% 
316,944 
0.04% 
1,135,830 
0.15% 
06.2012 
759,765,369 
12,611,415 
1.66% 
4,211,361 
0.55% 
1,626,028 
0.21% 
2,729,732 
0.36% 
0.00 
765,122 
0.10% 
513,342 
0.07% 
291,399 
0.04% 
1,159,870 
0.15% 
07.2012 
764,672,527 
11,461,909 
1.50% 
4,005,777 
0.52% 
1,379,679 
0.18% 
2,802,532 
0.37% 
0.00 
819,057 
0.11% 
476,306 
0.06% 
310,075 
0.04% 
1,197,094 
0.16% 
08.2012 
767,421,401 
11,204,986 
1.46% 
4,009,414 
0.52% 
1,628,715 
0.21% 
2,608,091 
0.34% 
0.00 
692,647 
0.09% 
489,243 
0.06% 
280,267 
0.04% 
1,145,933 
0.15% 
09.2012 
774,457,304 
10,325,427 
1.33% 
4,215,432 
0.54% 
1,413,247 
0.18% 
2,691,295 
0.35% 
0.00 
789,691 
0.10% 
399,197 
0.05% 
335,164 
0.04% 
1,167,243 
0.15% 
10.2012 
773,850,161 
10,591,274 
1.37% 
3,137,522 
0.41% 
1,310,834 
0.17% 
2,389,206 
0.31% 
0.00 
657,439 
0.08% 
386,242 
0.05% 
230,445 
0.03% 
1,115,080 
0.14% 
11.2012 
770,903,792 
10,201,004 
1.32% 
3,773,882 
0.49% 
1,330,591 
0.17% 
2,269,379 
0.29% 
0.00 
636,964 
0.08% 
381,483 
0.05% 
198,671 
0.03% 
1,052,262 
0.14% 
12.2012 
765,624,654 
10,205,769 
1.33% 
3,692,866 
0.48% 
1,643,516 
0.21% 
2,702,657 
0.35% 
0.00 
885,158 
0.12% 
437,672 
0.06% 
283,124 
0.04% 
1,096,704 
0.14% 
01.2013 
768,825,020 
10,741,770 
1.40% 
4,255,558 
0.55% 
2,060,118 
0.27% 
2,730,054 
0.36% 
0.00 
903,055 
0.12% 
511,319 
0.07% 
241,007 
0.03% 
1,074,673 
0.14% 
02.2013 
771,428,696 
9,035,257 
1.17% 
4,666,080 
0.60% 
1,695,514 
0.22% 
2,765,435 
0.36% 
0.00 
920,561 
0.12% 
509,665 
0.07% 
279,428 
0.04% 
1,055,782 
0.14% 
03.2013 
777,968,654 
40,141,320 
5.16% 
4,364,530 
0.56% 
2,114,917 
0.27% 
2,859,426 
0.37% 
0.00 
864,921 
0.11% 
578,003 
0.07% 
348,657 
0.04% 
1,067,846 
0.14% 
04.2013 
786,600,571 
10,126,740 
1.29% 
4,723,048 
0.60% 
2,103,553 
0.27% 
2,771,152 
0.35% 
0.00 
1,149,599 
0.15% 
332,666 
0.04% 
293,190 
0.04% 
995,697 
0.13% 
05.2013 
788,859,593 
10,687,040 
1.35% 
3,582,418 
0.45% 
2,418,583 
0.31% 
3,119,256 
0.40% 
0.00 
1,184,656 
0.15% 
695,404 
0.09% 
249,277 
0.03% 
989,919 
0.13% 
06.2013 
791,504,172 
9,887,788 
1.25% 
4,226,091 
0.53% 
1,832,449 
0.23% 
2,953,453 
0.37% 
0.00 
1,181,246 
0.15% 
520,284 
0.07% 
348,588 
0.04% 
903,335 
0.11% 
07.2013 
796,255,429 
14,951,449 
1.88% 
4,971,675 
0.62% 
2,016,965 
0.25% 
2,887,989 
0.36% 
0.00 
984,563 
0.12% 
535,879 
0.07% 
312,242 
0.04% 
1,055,305 
0.13% 
08.2013 
798,133,342 
9,550,075 
1.20% 
5,800,810 
0.73% 
2,500,493 
0.31% 
3,013,574 
0.38% 
0.00 
998,561 
0.13% 
652,607 
0.08% 
325,272 
0.04% 
1,037,133 
0.13% 
09.2013 
797,044,861 
9,406,793 
1.18% 
5,122,853 
0.64% 
2,106,793 
0.26% 
3,372,472 
0.42% 
0.00 
1,176,708 
0.15% 
638,878 
0.08% 
417,419 
0.05% 
1,139,467 
0.14% 
10.2013 
794,099,473 
10,253,279 
1.29% 
4,190,190 
0.53% 
1,804,510 
0.23% 
3,202,987 
0.40% 
0.00 
1,050,980 
0.13% 
666,575 
0.08% 
313,382 
0.04% 
1,172,050 
0.15% 
11.2013 
786,011,722 
8,636,103 
1.10% 
4,214,458 
0.54% 
1,837,752 
0.23% 
3,266,132 
0.42% 
0.00 
993,898 
0.13% 
754,218 
0.10% 
395,655 
0.05% 
1,122,360 
0.14% 
12.2013 
775,940,890 
9,533,279 
1.23% 
3,594,176 
0.46% 
1,965,450 
0.25% 
3,168,549 
0.41% 
0.00 
1,034,764 
0.13% 
568,460 
0.07% 
471,210 
0.06% 
1,094,116 
0.14% 
01.2014 
771,950,778 
8,389,842 
1.09% 
4,099,525 
0.53% 
1,930,794 
0.25% 
3,611,734 
0.47% 
0.00 
1,315,586 
0.17% 
686,033 
0.09% 
389,628 
0.05% 
1,220,487 
0.16% 
02.2014 
764,031,359 
7,251,972 
0.95% 
3,756,898 
0.49% 
2,078,292 
0.27% 
3,197,369 
0.42% 
0.00 
989,084 
0.13% 
673,797 
0.09% 
409,068 
0.05% 
1,125,420 
0.15% 
03.2014 
760,512,188 
7,321,800 
0.96% 
3,660,940 
0.48% 
1,627,505 
0.21% 
3,243,370 
0.43% 
0.00 
882,771 
0.12% 
603,705 
0.08% 
503,716 
0.07% 
1,253,179 
0.16% 
04.2014 
754,688,127 
8,403,078 
1.11% 
3,805,479 
0.50% 
1,623,412 
0.22% 
3,468,075 
0.46% 
0.00 
970,459 
0.13% 
658,012 
0.09% 
537,375 
0.07% 
1,302,227 
0.17% 
05.2014 
749,696,594 
8,240,208 
1.10% 
3,182,475 
0.42% 
1,638,587 
0.22% 
2,845,950 
0.38% 
0.00 
752,996 
0.10% 
355,007 
0.05% 
425,318 
0.06% 
1,312,629 
0.18% 
06.2014 
744,271,545 
6,868,544 
0.92% 
3,271,948 
0.44% 
1,731,674 
0.23% 
2,905,636 
0.39% 
0.00 
1,054,241 
0.14% 
417,947 
0.06% 
208,685 
0.03% 
1,224,764 
0.16% 
07.2014 
740,747,773 
7,842,833 
1.06% 
2,749,304 
0.37% 
1,381,957 
0.19% 
2,915,210 
0.39% 
0.00 
1,006,784 
0.14% 
521,545 
0.07% 
283,877 
0.04% 
1,103,004 
0.15% 
08.2014 
733,213,075 
6,556,720 
0.89% 
3,365,232 
0.46% 
1,533,611 
0.21% 
3,013,885 
0.41% 
0.00 
914,416 
0.12% 
568,665 
0.08% 
436,416 
0.06% 
1,094,389 
0.15% 
09.2014 
728,039,340 
6,521,541 
0.90% 
3,267,526 
0.45% 
1,692,172 
0.23% 
3,087,171 
0.42% 
0.00 
941,333 
0.13% 
560,675 
0.08% 
394,698 
0.05% 
1,190,465 
0.16% 
10.2014 
719,732,397 
7,437,593 
1.03% 
2,764,606 
0.38% 
1,379,537 
0.19% 
3,066,277 
0.43% 
0.00 
993,471 
0.14% 
504,078 
0.07% 
309,729 
0.04% 
1,258,999 
0.17% 
11.2014 
708,631,185 
5,704,062 
0.80% 
3,252,761 
0.46% 
1,670,814 
0.24% 
2,802,937 
0.40% 
0.00 
749,861 
0.11% 
633,239 
0.09% 
283,104 
0.04% 
1,136,734 
0.16% 
12.2014 
696,299,760 
6,533,643 
0.94% 
3,087,866 
0.44% 
1,441,411 
0.21% 
2,685,691 
0.39% 
0.00 
922,560 
0.13% 
470,424 
0.07% 
284,356 
0.04% 
1,008,351 
0.14% 
01.2015 
688,643,665 
6,066,711 
0.88% 
3,486,292 
0.51% 
1,678,190 
0.24% 
2,625,929 
0.38% 
0.00 
854,319 
0.12% 
593,273 
0.09% 
241,213 
0.04% 
937,124 
0.14% 
02.2015 
680,506,696 
5,078,280 
0.75% 
3,649,609 
0.54% 
1,560,653 
0.23% 
2,577,061 
0.38% 
0.00 
907,981 
0.13% 
382,959 
0.06% 
321,769 
0.05% 
964,352 
0.14% 
03.2015 
674,385,953 
6,569,080 
0.97% 
3,495,080 
0.52% 
1,501,537 
0.22% 
2,966,509 
0.44% 
0.00 
935,328 
0.14% 
709,420 
0.11% 
274,687 
0.04% 
1,047,073 
0.16%

--- Page 180 ---
- 169 - 
 
 
 
Calendar Year/Month 
Principal 
Outstanding 
Delinquent 
balance 1-30  
dpd (£) 
1-30 
dpd (%) 
Delinquent 
balance 31-60  
dpd (£) 
31-60 
dpd (%) 
Delinquent 
balance 61-90  
dpd (£) 
61-90 
dpd (%) 
Delinquent 
balance 91+  
dpd (£) 
91+ 
dpd (%) 
Delinquent 
balance 91-120  
dpd (£) 
91-120 
dpd (%) 
Delinquent 
balance 121-
150 
dpd (£) 
121-
150 
dpd (%) 
Delinquent 
balance 151-
180  
dpd (£) 
151-
180 
dpd (%) 
Delinquent 
balance 180+  
dpd (£) 
180+ 
dpd (%) 
04.2015 
667,781,201 
4,129,376 
0.62% 
2,718,949 
0.41% 
1,716,773 
0.26% 
2,859,246 
0.43% 
0.00 
856,450 
0.13% 
637,079 
0.10% 
498,777 
0.07% 
866,940 
0.13% 
05.2015 
667,784,936 
5,502,601 
0.82% 
2,644,211 
0.40% 
1,477,911 
0.22% 
3,277,185 
0.49% 
0.00 
1,271,174 
0.19% 
590,352 
0.09% 
398,771 
0.06% 
1,016,889 
0.15% 
06.2015 
664,820,058 
7,322,397 
1.10% 
2,582,802 
0.39% 
1,518,518 
0.23% 
3,088,263 
0.46% 
0.00 
883,381 
0.13% 
755,002 
0.11% 
364,438 
0.05% 
1,085,441 
0.16% 
07.2015 
659,428,156 
7,148,442 
1.08% 
2,168,150 
0.33% 
1,446,881 
0.22% 
3,216,448 
0.49% 
0.00 
1,036,733 
0.16% 
637,475 
0.10% 
521,331 
0.08% 
1,020,910 
0.15% 
08.2015 
650,478,751 
4,950,569 
0.76% 
3,380,642 
0.52% 
1,346,617 
0.21% 
3,536,945 
0.54% 
0.00 
1,131,720 
0.17% 
698,226 
0.11% 
474,962 
0.07% 
1,232,038 
0.19% 
09.2015 
647,162,354 
4,835,868 
0.75% 
3,134,489 
0.48% 
1,541,899 
0.24% 
3,625,120 
0.56% 
0.00 
995,524 
0.15% 
804,260 
0.12% 
505,028 
0.08% 
1,320,309 
0.20% 
10.2015 
641,103,659 
5,167,122 
0.81% 
2,487,234 
0.39% 
1,417,645 
0.22% 
3,867,069 
0.60% 
0.00 
1,054,238 
0.16% 
679,558 
0.11% 
646,443 
0.10% 
1,486,829 
0.23% 
11.2015 
618,252,751 
4,534,722 
0.73% 
2,591,455 
0.42% 
1,570,036 
0.25% 
3,815,747 
0.62% 
0.00 
950,307 
0.15% 
736,650 
0.12% 
507,035 
0.08% 
1,621,755 
0.26% 
12.2015 
614,099,670 
5,213,785 
0.85% 
2,228,430 
0.36% 
1,384,568 
0.23% 
4,050,625 
0.66% 
0.00 
1,053,194 
0.17% 
724,727 
0.12% 
595,165 
0.10% 
1,677,540 
0.27% 
01.2016 
603,381,894 
5,073,932 
0.84% 
2,812,011 
0.47% 
1,210,096 
0.20% 
3,814,635 
0.63% 
0.00 
886,415 
0.15% 
785,221 
0.13% 
501,751 
0.08% 
1,641,247 
0.27% 
02.2016 
594,479,912 
4,289,600 
0.72% 
3,149,403 
0.53% 
1,283,221 
0.22% 
3,334,646 
0.56% 
0.00 
837,108 
0.14% 
564,358 
0.09% 
558,701 
0.09% 
1,374,479 
0.23% 
03.2016 
590,075,473 
5,093,856 
0.86% 
2,659,592 
0.45% 
1,305,337 
0.22% 
3,011,306 
0.51% 
0.00 
863,584 
0.15% 
472,377 
0.08% 
352,926 
0.06% 
1,322,418 
0.22% 
04.2016 
584,063,183 
4,103,080 
0.70% 
2,979,855 
0.51% 
1,257,645 
0.22% 
2,763,096 
0.47% 
0.00 
833,610 
0.14% 
541,217 
0.09% 
281,229 
0.05% 
1,107,040 
0.19% 
05.2016 
578,690,908 
4,386,373 
0.76% 
2,523,733 
0.44% 
1,261,164 
0.22% 
2,843,185 
0.49% 
0.00 
867,493 
0.15% 
588,256 
0.10% 
354,545 
0.06% 
1,032,891 
0.18% 
06.2016 
572,883,152 
4,564,746 
0.80% 
2,782,114 
0.49% 
1,224,170 
0.21% 
2,021,644 
0.35% 
0.00 
654,146 
0.11% 
292,420 
0.05% 
211,277 
0.04% 
863,801 
0.15% 
07.2016 
567,554,554 
4,780,047 
0.84% 
2,284,658 
0.40% 
1,098,718 
0.19% 
2,148,616 
0.38% 
0.00 
648,903 
0.11% 
360,921 
0.06% 
224,776 
0.04% 
914,015 
0.16% 
08.2016 
560,602,074 
4,655,689 
0.83% 
2,507,664 
0.45% 
1,200,475 
0.21% 
2,025,355 
0.36% 
0.00 
609,569 
0.11% 
302,443 
0.05% 
252,742 
0.05% 
860,601 
0.15% 
09.2016 
555,483,541 
4,753,333 
0.86% 
2,844,272 
0.51% 
890,403 
0.16% 
1,817,245 
0.33% 
0.00 
536,669 
0.10% 
282,287 
0.05% 
244,239 
0.04% 
754,050 
0.14% 
10.2016 
546,544,356 
4,889,432 
0.89% 
2,516,747 
0.46% 
1,020,771 
0.19% 
1,676,318 
0.31% 
0.00 
504,873 
0.09% 
276,390 
0.05% 
126,173 
0.02% 
768,882 
0.14% 
11.2016 
539,000,099 
4,384,118 
0.81% 
2,860,346 
0.53% 
1,023,048 
0.19% 
1,638,494 
0.30% 
0.00 
545,975 
0.10% 
227,386 
0.04% 
194,464 
0.04% 
670,668 
0.12% 
12.2016 
530,738,770 
4,029,245 
0.76% 
2,672,058 
0.50% 
1,086,832 
0.20% 
1,739,023 
0.33% 
0.00 
656,094 
0.12% 
218,670 
0.04% 
185,466 
0.03% 
678,793 
0.13% 
01.2017 
526,719,082 
4,830,885 
0.92% 
2,634,916 
0.50% 
1,295,847 
0.25% 
1,781,919 
0.34% 
0.00 
571,321 
0.11% 
359,342 
0.07% 
207,587 
0.04% 
643,669 
0.12% 
02.2017 
521,737,651 
4,523,543 
0.87% 
2,587,909 
0.50% 
1,190,902 
0.23% 
1,666,924 
0.32% 
0.00 
538,457 
0.10% 
320,418 
0.06% 
222,851 
0.04% 
585,198 
0.11% 
03.2017 
521,214,984 
4,815,037 
0.92% 
2,552,476 
0.49% 
1,008,103 
0.19% 
1,538,960 
0.30% 
0.00 
494,360 
0.09% 
268,154 
0.05% 
177,744 
0.03% 
598,702 
0.11% 
04.2017 
516,732,981 
3,948,045 
0.76% 
2,797,553 
0.54% 
1,043,429 
0.20% 
1,607,238 
0.31% 
0.00 
479,923 
0.09% 
298,404 
0.06% 
191,373 
0.04% 
637,539 
0.12% 
05.2017 
512,723,472 
4,634,033 
0.90% 
2,306,688 
0.45% 
1,138,619 
0.22% 
1,729,454 
0.34% 
0.00 
549,102 
0.11% 
343,976 
0.07% 
207,167 
0.04% 
629,208 
0.12% 
06.2017 
508,728,077 
4,244,688 
0.83% 
2,437,261 
0.48% 
1,082,778 
0.21% 
1,617,957 
0.32% 
0.00 
524,349 
0.10% 
253,664 
0.05% 
187,813 
0.04% 
652,131 
0.13% 
07.2017 
508,575,468 
4,580,649 
0.90% 
2,252,756 
0.44% 
970,516 
0.19% 
1,554,420 
0.31% 
0.00 
573,678 
0.11% 
205,149 
0.04% 
125,264 
0.02% 
650,329 
0.13% 
08.2017 
508,228,309 
3,790,604 
0.75% 
2,231,338 
0.44% 
976,907 
0.19% 
1,327,570 
0.26% 
0.00 
447,010 
0.09% 
260,314 
0.05% 
73,088 
0.01% 
547,158 
0.11% 
09.2017 
508,757,017 
4,360,817 
0.86% 
2,478,184 
0.49% 
934,986 
0.18% 
1,278,289 
0.25% 
0.00 
426,362 
0.08% 
245,618 
0.05% 
118,806 
0.02% 
487,504 
0.10% 
10.2017 
505,454,736 
5,267,000 
1.04% 
2,366,929 
0.47% 
860,950 
0.17% 
1,165,035 
0.23% 
0.00 
312,334 
0.06% 
226,768 
0.04% 
117,061 
0.02% 
508,872 
0.10% 
11.2017 
501,802,421 
4,613,259 
0.92% 
2,992,399 
0.60% 
833,001 
0.17% 
1,235,939 
0.25% 
0.00 
404,314 
0.08% 
134,036 
0.03% 
140,270 
0.03% 
557,319 
0.11% 
12.2017 
496,055,421 
5,036,273 
1.02% 
2,694,865 
0.54% 
1,107,722 
0.22% 
1,308,956 
0.26% 
0.00 
375,807 
0.08% 
245,565 
0.05% 
107,991 
0.02% 
579,593 
0.12% 
01.2018 
498,792,784 
5,224,298 
1.05% 
3,215,985 
0.64% 
1,150,003 
0.23% 
1,370,759 
0.27% 
0.00 
521,638 
0.10% 
235,746 
0.05% 
100,964 
0.02% 
512,411 
0.10% 
02.2018 
500,759,051 
4,421,542 
0.88% 
3,816,126 
0.76% 
1,269,445 
0.25% 
1,556,912 
0.31% 
0.00 
507,832 
0.10% 
414,386 
0.08% 
146,130 
0.03% 
488,563 
0.10% 
03.2018 
507,322,365 
4,356,349 
0.86% 
3,326,802 
0.66% 
1,468,311 
0.29% 
1,718,129 
0.34% 
0.00 
623,767 
0.12% 
273,535 
0.05% 
282,376 
0.06% 
538,452 
0.11% 
04.2018 
508,933,867 
4,648,616 
0.91% 
3,173,568 
0.62% 
1,172,406 
0.23% 
1,729,061 
0.34% 
0.00 
578,598 
0.11% 
321,562 
0.06% 
173,975 
0.03% 
654,926 
0.13% 
05.2018 
509,430,987 
5,122,038 
1.01% 
3,007,378 
0.59% 
1,080,463 
0.21% 
1,710,788 
0.34% 
0.00 
506,009 
0.10% 
354,629 
0.07% 
191,645 
0.04% 
658,506 
0.13% 
06.2018 
517,073,697 
4,662,354 
0.90% 
3,052,808 
0.59% 
1,346,026 
0.26% 
1,850,151 
0.36% 
0.00 
441,894 
0.09% 
342,629 
0.07% 
341,650 
0.07% 
723,978 
0.14% 
07.2018 
522,749,065 
6,416,454 
1.23% 
2,819,094 
0.54% 
1,199,297 
0.23% 
2,018,574 
0.39% 
0.00 
654,693 
0.13% 
309,814 
0.06% 
252,720 
0.05% 
801,348 
0.15% 
08.2018 
528,280,394 
5,410,331 
1.02% 
3,364,292 
0.64% 
1,100,418 
0.21% 
1,751,315 
0.33% 
0.00 
549,171 
0.10% 
362,346 
0.07% 
140,259 
0.03% 
699,538 
0.13% 
09.2018 
531,236,724 
4,893,240 
0.92% 
3,528,973 
0.66% 
1,173,553 
0.22% 
1,219,300 
0.23% 
0.00 
249,191 
0.05% 
213,369 
0.04% 
132,742 
0.02% 
623,999 
0.12% 
10.2018 
533,784,592 
5,889,286 
1.10% 
3,138,059 
0.59% 
889,564 
0.17% 
1,235,427 
0.23% 
0.00 
360,132 
0.07% 
146,548 
0.03% 
109,122 
0.02% 
619,625 
0.12% 
11.2018 
532,745,367 
5,232,954 
0.98% 
4,260,383 
0.80% 
1,244,001 
0.23% 
1,221,694 
0.23% 
0.00 
303,814 
0.06% 
181,601 
0.03% 
64,604 
0.01% 
671,674 
0.13% 
12.2018 
528,992,653 
6,026,852 
1.14% 
3,290,834 
0.62% 
1,291,697 
0.24% 
1,338,261 
0.25% 
0.00 
427,327 
0.08% 
155,352 
0.03% 
99,766 
0.02% 
655,815 
0.12% 
01.2019 
532,561,594 
5,497,536 
1.03% 
3,922,448 
0.74% 
1,469,139 
0.28% 
1,268,471 
0.24% 
0.00 
413,890 
0.08% 
156,245 
0.03% 
100,064 
0.02% 
598,273 
0.11% 
02.2019 
534,161,475 
4,622,320 
0.87% 
4,228,790 
0.79% 
1,368,715 
0.26% 
1,480,464 
0.28% 
0.00 
606,061 
0.11% 
190,572 
0.04% 
99,951 
0.02% 
583,879 
0.11% 
03.2019 
538,627,714 
4,902,051 
0.91% 
3,674,525 
0.68% 
1,105,590 
0.21% 
1,419,115 
0.26% 
0.00 
365,866 
0.07% 
445,803 
0.08% 
122,652 
0.02% 
484,794 
0.09% 
04.2019 
540,506,103 
5,949,186 
1.10% 
3,781,798 
0.70% 
1,488,021 
0.28% 
1,306,424 
0.24% 
0.00 
367,071 
0.07% 
133,611 
0.02% 
331,986 
0.06% 
473,755 
0.09% 
05.2019 
544,027,438 
6,619,927 
1.22% 
3,746,370 
0.69% 
1,305,467 
0.24% 
1,154,353 
0.21% 
0.00 
377,166 
0.07% 
139,637 
0.03% 
120,758 
0.02% 
516,793 
0.09% 
06.2019 
546,748,713 
5,209,291 
0.95% 
3,783,053 
0.69% 
1,468,529 
0.27% 
1,008,892 
0.18% 
0.00 
261,645 
0.05% 
155,270 
0.03% 
106,455 
0.02% 
485,522 
0.09% 
07.2019 
550,766,745 
6,230,000 
1.13% 
3,271,298 
0.59% 
1,213,204 
0.22% 
1,053,496 
0.19% 
0.00 
368,589 
0.07% 
105,442 
0.02% 
127,185 
0.02% 
452,280 
0.08% 
08.2019 
553,770,253 
5,554,462 
1.00% 
3,713,302 
0.67% 
1,013,208 
0.18% 
1,220,787 
0.22% 
0.00 
512,240 
0.09% 
172,235 
0.03% 
82,689 
0.01% 
453,622 
0.08% 
09.2019 
558,928,605 
5,571,881 
1.00% 
3,580,976 
0.64% 
1,097,498 
0.20% 
1,151,287 
0.21% 
0.00 
426,137 
0.08% 
275,145 
0.05% 
145,351 
0.03% 
304,654 
0.05% 
10.2019 
561,585,166 
6,367,974 
1.13% 
3,321,884 
0.59% 
952,432 
0.17% 
1,017,521 
0.18% 
0.00 
309,686 
0.06% 
78,041 
0.01% 
263,697 
0.05% 
366,096 
0.07% 
11.2019 
560,423,456 
5,178,591 
0.92% 
3,115,896 
0.56% 
1,206,481 
0.22% 
960,533 
0.17% 
0.00 
312,331 
0.06% 
96,869 
0.02% 
75,164 
0.01% 
476,170 
0.08% 
12.2019 
559,018,378 
5,985,546 
1.07% 
2,653,082 
0.47% 
1,055,106 
0.19% 
968,035 
0.17% 
0.00 
355,896 
0.06% 
97,962 
0.02% 
71,478 
0.01% 
442,699 
0.08% 
01.2020 
563,607,369 
6,536,318 
1.16% 
3,356,889 
0.60% 
1,124,346 
0.20% 
923,993 
0.16% 
0.00 
309,125 
0.05% 
151,283 
0.03% 
63,757 
0.01% 
399,828 
0.07% 
02.2020 
566,519,124 
5,156,441 
0.91% 
4,035,602 
0.71% 
1,091,237 
0.19% 
797,709 
0.14% 
0.00 
193,978 
0.03% 
121,096 
0.02% 
76,794 
0.01% 
405,840 
0.07% 
03.2020 
562,529,167 
10,041,063 
1.78% 
3,657,990 
0.65% 
1,329,253 
0.24% 
929,220 
0.17% 
0.00 
307,382 
0.05% 
182,145 
0.03% 
84,751 
0.02% 
354,942 
0.06% 
04.2020 
545,983,534 
16,533,126 
3.03% 
7,334,255 
1.34% 
1,392,407 
0.26% 
1,762,542 
0.32% 
0.00 
919,583 
0.17% 
285,700 
0.05% 
161,518 
0.03% 
395,740 
0.07% 
05.2020 
535,853,477 
13,312,033 
2.48% 
10,975,297 
2.05% 
4,232,363 
0.79% 
2,633,518 
0.49% 
0.00 
1,150,741 
0.21% 
666,231 
0.12% 
344,069 
0.06% 
472,477 
0.09% 
06.2020 
560,854,303 
7,738,651 
1.38% 
5,193,355 
0.93% 
7,134,259 
1.27% 
4,866,880 
0.87% 
0.00 
2,768,255 
0.49% 
903,698 
0.16% 
535,238 
0.10% 
659,689 
0.12% 
07.2020 
587,486,281 
6,526,191 
1.11% 
4,243,431 
0.72% 
3,649,241 
0.62% 
8,467,361 
1.44% 
0.00 
4,366,463 
0.74% 
2,387,767 
0.41% 
653,474 
0.11% 
1,059,657 
0.18% 
08.2020 
598,247,939 
6,605,559 
1.10% 
3,379,101 
0.56% 
3,215,156 
0.54% 
7,998,419 
1.34% 
0.00 
2,055,537 
0.34% 
2,989,580 
0.50% 
1,836,780 
0.31% 
1,116,522 
0.19% 
09.2020 
614,249,217 
6,163,777 
1.00% 
4,412,260 
0.72% 
2,943,304 
0.48% 
7,510,694 
1.22% 
0.00 
1,840,027 
0.30% 
1,386,519 
0.23% 
2,128,179 
0.35% 
2,155,969 
0.35% 
10.2020 
628,234,362 
6,431,913 
1.02% 
3,471,222 
0.55% 
2,957,808 
0.47% 
7,209,092 
1.15% 
0.00 
1,643,107 
0.26% 
1,179,494 
0.19% 
842,176 
0.13% 
3,544,315 
0.56% 
11.2020 
630,430,072 
5,097,405 
0.81% 
4,068,681 
0.65% 
2,981,038 
0.47% 
6,886,217 
1.09% 
0.00 
1,640,891 
0.26% 
949,496 
0.15% 
602,912 
0.10% 
3,692,919 
0.59% 
12.2020 
634,560,467 
6,715,847 
1.06% 
3,381,452 
0.53% 
2,986,559 
0.47% 
6,762,274 
1.07% 
0.00 
1,609,827 
0.25% 
897,953 
0.14% 
534,912 
0.08% 
3,719,582 
0.59% 
01.2021 
636,531,807 
5,431,161 
0.85% 
4,179,662 
0.66% 
2,940,401 
0.46% 
6,596,618 
1.04% 
0.00 
1,466,428 
0.23% 
882,738 
0.14% 
639,161 
0.10% 
3,608,292 
0.57% 
02.2021 
640,024,347 
5,072,540 
0.79% 
3,660,633 
0.57% 
3,002,186 
0.47% 
5,937,173 
0.93% 
0.00 
1,259,421 
0.20% 
801,467 
0.13% 
537,937 
0.08% 
3,338,348 
0.52% 
03.2021 
650,623,810 
5,780,510 
0.89% 
3,720,945 
0.57% 
2,621,114 
0.40% 
5,313,541 
0.82% 
0.00 
1,312,177 
0.20% 
683,317 
0.11% 
566,477 
0.09% 
2,751,570 
0.42% 
04.2021 
665,193,300 
5,103,056 
0.77% 
4,160,594 
0.63% 
2,156,836 
0.32% 
5,101,154 
0.77% 
0.00 
1,281,689 
0.19% 
798,274 
0.12% 
474,939 
0.07% 
2,546,252 
0.38% 
05.2021 
683,174,146 
5,024,871 
0.74% 
3,566,720 
0.52% 
2,138,291 
0.31% 
5,081,878 
0.74% 
0.00 
1,206,104 
0.18% 
709,943 
0.10% 
619,695 
0.09% 
2,546,136 
0.37%

--- Page 181 ---
- 170 - 
 
 
 
Calendar Year/Month 
Principal 
Outstanding 
Delinquent 
balance 1-30  
dpd (£) 
1-30 
dpd (%) 
Delinquent 
balance 31-60  
dpd (£) 
31-60 
dpd (%) 
Delinquent 
balance 61-90  
dpd (£) 
61-90 
dpd (%) 
Delinquent 
balance 91+  
dpd (£) 
91+ 
dpd (%) 
Delinquent 
balance 91-120  
dpd (£) 
91-120 
dpd (%) 
Delinquent 
balance 121-
150 
dpd (£) 
121-
150 
dpd (%) 
Delinquent 
balance 151-
180  
dpd (£) 
151-
180 
dpd (%) 
Delinquent 
balance 180+  
dpd (£) 
180+ 
dpd (%) 
06.2021 
698,760,323 
5,821,688 
0.83% 
3,637,383 
0.52% 
2,235,358 
0.32% 
4,494,055 
0.64% 
0.00 
1,139,701 
0.16% 
698,898 
0.10% 
462,976 
0.07% 
2,192,480 
0.31% 
07.2021 
710,909,507 
6,908,079 
0.97% 
3,473,215 
0.49% 
2,191,081 
0.31% 
3,633,592 
0.51% 
0.00 
1,033,180 
0.15% 
602,410 
0.08% 
312,260 
0.04% 
1,685,742 
0.24% 
08.2021 
720,750,703 
5,912,900 
0.82% 
4,071,931 
0.56% 
2,300,004 
0.32% 
3,604,502 
0.50% 
0.00 
1,051,908 
0.15% 
702,080 
0.10% 
280,413 
0.04% 
1,570,101 
0.22% 
09.2021 
732,791,026 
6,045,511 
0.82% 
4,477,446 
0.61% 
2,199,998 
0.30% 
3,031,504 
0.41% 
0.00 
901,676 
0.12% 
499,959 
0.07% 
314,826 
0.04% 
1,315,044 
0.18% 
10.2021 
742,799,023 
6,762,396 
0.91% 
3,568,872 
0.48% 
1,948,615 
0.26% 
2,834,307 
0.38% 
0.00 
818,914 
0.11% 
474,494 
0.06% 
331,591 
0.04% 
1,209,309 
0.16% 
11.2021 
748,221,887 
7,771,061 
1.04% 
4,058,185 
0.54% 
2,286,545 
0.31% 
2,642,279 
0.35% 
0.00 
802,523 
0.11% 
411,206 
0.05% 
251,420 
0.03% 
1,177,131 
0.16% 
12.2021 
744,661,234 
7,784,299 
1.05% 
4,052,539 
0.54% 
2,113,284 
0.28% 
2,661,245 
0.36% 
0.00 
780,214 
0.10% 
530,940 
0.07% 
243,906 
0.03% 
1,106,185 
0.15% 
01.2022 
753,143,771 
7,138,268 
0.95% 
4,343,462 
0.58% 
2,386,868 
0.32% 
2,613,836 
0.35% 
0.00 
842,656 
0.11% 
493,870 
0.07% 
233,434 
0.03% 
1,043,876 
0.14% 
02.2022 
761,597,188 
5,492,533 
0.72% 
4,872,642 
0.64% 
2,092,865 
0.27% 
2,352,877 
0.31% 
0.00 
789,179 
0.10% 
328,160 
0.04% 
244,196 
0.03% 
991,342 
0.13% 
03.2022 
775,894,133 
8,355,464 
1.08% 
4,000,317 
0.52% 
1,866,410 
0.24% 
2,078,393 
0.27% 
0.00 
600,066 
0.08% 
325,517 
0.04% 
215,456 
0.03% 
937,354 
0.12% 
04.2022 
780,088,657 
6,673,806 
0.86% 
4,974,363 
0.64% 
1,527,710 
0.20% 
2,155,892 
0.28% 
0.00 
766,159 
0.10% 
187,891 
0.02% 
257,149 
0.03% 
944,693 
0.12% 
05.2022 
791,650,686 
8,978,208 
1.13% 
4,150,356 
0.52% 
1,691,101 
0.21% 
2,274,856 
0.29% 
0.00 
742,726 
0.09% 
387,028 
0.05% 
127,858 
0.02% 
1,017,243 
0.13% 
06.2022 
809,417,973 
7,650,882 
0.95% 
4,533,723 
0.56% 
1,834,767 
0.23% 
2,056,721 
0.25% 
0.00 
589,858 
0.07% 
381,808 
0.05% 
234,648 
0.03% 
850,407 
0.11% 
07.2022 
829,311,323 
8,114,294 
0.98% 
3,900,468 
0.47% 
1,756,918 
0.21% 
2,102,236 
0.25% 
0.00 
761,516 
0.09% 
247,321 
0.03% 
158,244 
0.02% 
935,155 
0.11% 
08.2022 
853,385,732 
9,135,500 
1.07% 
4,833,591 
0.57% 
1,817,015 
0.21% 
2,039,419 
0.24% 
0.00 
644,211 
0.08% 
318,709 
0.04% 
190,364 
0.02% 
886,135 
0.10% 
09.2022 
872,458,767 
7,829,431 
0.90% 
4,628,190 
0.53% 
1,977,804 
0.23% 
2,226,580 
0.26% 
0.00 
760,710 
0.09% 
368,332 
0.04% 
206,437 
0.02% 
891,102 
0.10% 
10.2022 
885,352,876 
9,156,641 
1.03% 
4,011,592 
0.45% 
1,726,934 
0.20% 
2,818,478 
0.32% 
0.00 
1,199,219 
0.14% 
475,369 
0.05% 
217,945 
0.02% 
925,945 
0.10% 
11.2022 
888,901,300 
8,395,897 
0.94% 
4,897,363 
0.55% 
1,865,821 
0.21% 
2,917,599 
0.33% 
0.00 
982,234 
0.11% 
623,223 
0.07% 
282,885 
0.03% 
1,029,258 
0.12% 
12.2022 
875,842,939 
9,387,926 
1.07% 
4,243,844 
0.48% 
2,592,929 
0.30% 
3,290,402 
0.38% 
0.00 
1,062,517 
0.12% 
560,264 
0.06% 
483,239 
0.06% 
1,184,382 
0.14% 
01.2023 
890,393,796 
8,986,900 
1.01% 
5,060,311 
0.57% 
2,529,654 
0.28% 
3,955,010 
0.44% 
0.00 
1,394,832 
0.16% 
677,383 
0.08% 
427,390 
0.05% 
1,455,406 
0.16% 
02.2023 
912,088,907 
9,120,704 
1.00% 
5,667,359 
0.62% 
2,561,562 
0.28% 
4,249,921 
0.47% 
0.00 
1,301,887 
0.14% 
1,007,582 
0.11% 
416,927 
0.05% 
1,523,525 
0.17% 
03.2023 
931,179,859 
9,976,776 
1.07% 
5,409,064 
0.58% 
2,375,224 
0.26% 
4,259,196 
0.46% 
0.00 
1,137,227 
0.12% 
842,188 
0.09% 
651,701 
0.07% 
1,628,081 
0.17% 
04.2023 
935,971,288 
8,740,324 
0.93% 
6,544,075 
0.70% 
2,455,359 
0.26% 
4,592,368 
0.49% 
0.00 
1,210,089 
0.13% 
759,804 
0.08% 
628,844 
0.07% 
1,993,631 
0.21% 
05.2023 
944,914,854 
9,293,452 
0.98% 
5,114,024 
0.54% 
2,917,409 
0.31% 
5,071,664 
0.54% 
0.00 
1,617,838 
0.17% 
702,665 
0.07% 
479,841 
0.05% 
2,271,320 
0.24% 
06.2023 
964,871,316 
10,166,219 
1.05% 
5,911,715 
0.61% 
3,046,755 
0.32% 
5,409,801 
0.56% 
0.00 
1,425,588 
0.15% 
982,490 
0.10% 
634,156 
0.07% 
2,367,567 
0.25%

--- Page 182 ---
- 171 - 
 
 
 
 
HISTORICAL PERFORMANCE DATA 
Historical Performance Data 
VWFS has extracted data on the historical performance of the entire managed portfolio for the HP, LP & PCP 
auto loan portfolio. The tables below show historical data on net losses, for the period from Q2 2013 to Q2 
2023 from contracts originated since 2013 and defaulted before Q2 2023. Such data was extracted from 
VWFS' internal data warehouse which is sourced from its contract management and accounting systems 
Total Portfolio 
The net losses data displayed below are in static format and show the cumulative net losses realised after 
the specified number of months since origination, for each portfolio of loans originated in a particular month, 
expressed as a percentage of the original principal balance of that portfolio. Net losses are calculated by 
deducting the vehicle sales proceeds as well as any other recoveries from the outstanding balances of the 
respective loans up to the final write-off of the loan (net losses are shown in the month where the write-off of 
the contract has been carried out by the Seller). The data includes standard and balloon loans to corporate 
and private debtors to finance new and used vehicles. The exposures to which such data relates are 
substantially similar to those being securitised as they have been originated in accordance with consistent 
origination procedures, on the basis of similar contractual terms and exposures securitised are selected based 
on strict eligibility criteria and thus generally perform better than VWFS' managed portfolio as a whole. 
The terms used in the following tables have the following meanings: 
New Cars: means cars which are first time sold to Obligors. 
Used Cars: means cars which are previously owned by other Obligors. 
Vintage Loss Curve: means the cumulative net loss ratio in relation to the contact age expressed as a curve 
for the whole portfolio and each sub portfolio.

--- Page 183 ---
- 172 - 
 
 
1. 
Static Net Loss Data – Total Portfolio 
Cohort 
Year/Qrt 
00 
Mths 
03 
Mths 
06 
Mths 
09 
Mths 
 12 
Mths 
 15 
Mths 
 18 
Mths 
 21 
Mths 
 24 
Mths 
 27 
Mths 
 30 
Mths 
 33 
Mths 
 36 
Mths 
 39 
Mths 
 42 
Mths 
 45 
Mths 
 48 
Mths 
 51 
Mths 
 54 
Mths 
 57 
Mths 
 60 
Mths 
 63 
Mths 
 66 
Mths 
 69 
Mths 
 72 
Mths 
 75 
Mths 
 78 
Mths 
2002.Q3 
0.00% 
0.00% 
0.01% 
0.04% 
0.06% 
0.08% 
0.09% 
0.10% 
0.30% 
0.38% 
0.43% 
0.51% 
0.58% 
0.63% 
0.76% 
0.82% 
0.87% 
0.89% 
0.90% 
0.91% 
0.91% 
0.93% 
0.93% 
0.94% 
0.95% 
0.95% 
0.95% 
2002.Q4 
0.00% 
0.00% 
0.00% 
0.01% 
0.03% 
0.06% 
0.10% 
0.26% 
0.34% 
0.40% 
0.46% 
0.53% 
0.58% 
0.74% 
0.79% 
0.89% 
0.91% 
0.93% 
0.93% 
0.95% 
0.95% 
0.96% 
0.96% 
0.96% 
0.97% 
0.97% 
0.97% 
2003.Q1 
0.00% 
0.00% 
0.00% 
0.01% 
0.03% 
0.06% 
0.13% 
0.20% 
0.25% 
0.29% 
0.37% 
0.46% 
0.59% 
0.66% 
0.70% 
0.76% 
0.81% 
0.83% 
0.83% 
0.84% 
0.84% 
0.84% 
0.84% 
0.84% 
0.85% 
0.86% 
0.86% 
2003.Q2 
0.00% 
0.00% 
0.00% 
0.01% 
0.02% 
0.05% 
0.10% 
0.15% 
0.18% 
0.22% 
0.31% 
0.49% 
0.57% 
0.62% 
0.66% 
0.71% 
0.74% 
0.76% 
0.77% 
0.80% 
0.81% 
0.81% 
0.82% 
0.82% 
0.82% 
0.83% 
0.83% 
2003.Q3 
0.00% 
0.00% 
0.01% 
0.03% 
0.06% 
0.09% 
0.14% 
0.21% 
0.25% 
0.32% 
0.46% 
0.56% 
0.63% 
0.72% 
0.75% 
0.81% 
0.85% 
0.90% 
0.91% 
0.93% 
0.93% 
0.94% 
0.94% 
0.94% 
0.94% 
0.95% 
0.95% 
2003.Q4 
0.00% 
0.00% 
0.01% 
0.01% 
0.05% 
0.08% 
0.14% 
0.19% 
0.24% 
0.36% 
0.43% 
0.54% 
0.63% 
0.67% 
0.68% 
0.74% 
0.78% 
0.82% 
0.82% 
0.83% 
0.84% 
0.84% 
0.85% 
0.85% 
0.85% 
0.85% 
0.85% 
2004.Q1 
0.00% 
0.00% 
0.00% 
0.01% 
0.02% 
0.06% 
0.10% 
0.17% 
0.28% 
0.35% 
0.44% 
0.53% 
0.63% 
0.68% 
0.72% 
0.77% 
0.80% 
0.82% 
0.83% 
0.85% 
0.85% 
0.86% 
0.87% 
0.88% 
0.88% 
0.88% 
0.88% 
2004.Q2 
0.00% 
0.00% 
0.01% 
0.03% 
0.06% 
0.10% 
0.14% 
0.25% 
0.33% 
0.47% 
0.53% 
0.62% 
0.68% 
0.69% 
0.72% 
0.77% 
0.80% 
0.84% 
0.86% 
0.88% 
0.90% 
0.90% 
0.90% 
0.91% 
0.91% 
0.92% 
0.92% 
2004.Q3 
0.00% 
0.00% 
0.01% 
0.03% 
0.05% 
0.09% 
0.20% 
0.27% 
0.37% 
0.45% 
0.53% 
0.58% 
0.63% 
0.64% 
0.68% 
0.77% 
0.82% 
0.90% 
0.93% 
0.95% 
0.97% 
0.98% 
1.03% 
1.03% 
1.03% 
1.04% 
1.04% 
2004.Q4 
0.00% 
0.00% 
0.01% 
0.02% 
0.06% 
0.18% 
0.28% 
0.34% 
0.45% 
0.53% 
0.61% 
0.71% 
0.77% 
0.80% 
0.87% 
0.91% 
0.97% 
1.03% 
1.05% 
1.12% 
1.15% 
1.16% 
1.16% 
1.16% 
1.17% 
1.17% 
1.17% 
2005.Q1 
0.00% 
0.00% 
0.01% 
0.02% 
0.07% 
0.13% 
0.17% 
0.21% 
0.30% 
0.34% 
0.38% 
0.42% 
0.45% 
0.49% 
0.53% 
0.61% 
0.67% 
0.73% 
0.75% 
0.77% 
0.78% 
0.79% 
0.79% 
0.80% 
0.83% 
0.84% 
0.84% 
2005.Q2 
0.00% 
0.00% 
0.01% 
0.03% 
0.07% 
0.11% 
0.19% 
0.25% 
0.32% 
0.35% 
0.40% 
0.47% 
0.51% 
0.54% 
0.61% 
0.72% 
0.77% 
0.80% 
0.80% 
0.83% 
0.85% 
0.85% 
0.85% 
0.85% 
0.85% 
0.87% 
0.87% 
2005.Q3 
0.00% 
0.00% 
0.00% 
0.02% 
0.05% 
0.11% 
0.19% 
0.24% 
0.31% 
0.35% 
0.40% 
0.42% 
0.46% 
0.58% 
0.70% 
0.82% 
0.84% 
0.88% 
0.89% 
0.92% 
0.93% 
0.94% 
0.94% 
0.94% 
0.94% 
0.96% 
0.96% 
2005.Q4 
0.00% 
0.00% 
0.00% 
0.02% 
0.05% 
0.11% 
0.14% 
0.22% 
0.26% 
0.30% 
0.36% 
0.44% 
0.55% 
0.76% 
0.82% 
0.89% 
0.93% 
1.01% 
1.03% 
1.12% 
1.14% 
1.14% 
1.14% 
1.15% 
1.15% 
1.17% 
1.17% 
2006.Q1 
0.00% 
0.00% 
0.01% 
0.02% 
0.05% 
0.08% 
0.15% 
0.21% 
0.29% 
0.36% 
0.41% 
0.51% 
0.65% 
0.70% 
0.63% 
0.68% 
0.73% 
0.78% 
0.82% 
0.87% 
0.88% 
0.88% 
0.88% 
0.89% 
0.90% 
0.92% 
0.92% 
2006.Q2 
0.00% 
0.00% 
0.00% 
0.01% 
0.04% 
0.06% 
0.10% 
0.16% 
0.20% 
0.28% 
0.39% 
0.53% 
0.66% 
0.59% 
0.55% 
0.63% 
0.69% 
0.87% 
0.90% 
0.91% 
0.92% 
0.93% 
0.93% 
0.94% 
0.95% 
0.96% 
0.96% 
2006.Q3 
0.00% 
0.01% 
0.01% 
0.03% 
0.07% 
0.13% 
0.19% 
0.24% 
0.29% 
0.40% 
0.61% 
0.85% 
0.93% 
0.87% 
0.95% 
1.07% 
1.22% 
1.27% 
1.29% 
1.31% 
1.32% 
1.32% 
1.33% 
1.35% 
1.36% 
1.37% 
1.37% 
2006.Q4 
0.00% 
0.00% 
0.01% 
0.04% 
0.08% 
0.11% 
0.16% 
0.23% 
0.33% 
0.51% 
0.70% 
0.81% 
0.88% 
0.96% 
1.08% 
1.33% 
1.40% 
1.48% 
1.49% 
1.52% 
1.53% 
1.54% 
1.55% 
1.56% 
1.56% 
1.57% 
1.57% 
2007.Q1 
0.00% 
0.00% 
0.01% 
0.03% 
0.07% 
0.13% 
0.16% 
0.25% 
0.39% 
0.55% 
0.65% 
0.72% 
0.81% 
0.91% 
1.02% 
1.13% 
1.21% 
1.25% 
1.29% 
1.32% 
1.35% 
1.36% 
1.37% 
1.38% 
1.38% 
1.38% 
1.38% 
2007.Q2 
0.00% 
0.00% 
0.01% 
0.03% 
0.07% 
0.12% 
0.21% 
0.38% 
0.57% 
0.76% 
0.84% 
0.94% 
1.11% 
1.21% 
1.30% 
1.40% 
1.46% 
1.53% 
1.55% 
1.57% 
1.60% 
1.61% 
1.62% 
1.62% 
1.62% 
1.65% 
1.65% 
2007.Q3 
0.00% 
0.00% 
0.00% 
0.02% 
0.05% 
0.14% 
0.25% 
0.37% 
0.49% 
0.56% 
0.63% 
0.76% 
0.89% 
1.01% 
1.10% 
1.21% 
1.25% 
1.30% 
1.33% 
1.36% 
1.37% 
1.39% 
1.40% 
1.41% 
1.42% 
1.42% 
1.42% 
2007.Q4 
0.00% 
0.00% 
0.01% 
0.02% 
0.07% 
0.16% 
0.30% 
0.49% 
0.60% 
0.66% 
0.83% 
1.11% 
1.24% 
1.35% 
1.41% 
1.56% 
1.61% 
1.68% 
1.73% 
1.80% 
1.83% 
1.83% 
1.84% 
1.84% 
1.85% 
1.86% 
1.86% 
2008.Q1 
0.00% 
0.00% 
0.00% 
0.05% 
0.10% 
0.25% 
0.39% 
0.55% 
0.66% 
0.76% 
0.86% 
0.96% 
1.06% 
1.12% 
1.22% 
1.32% 
1.39% 
1.51% 
1.55% 
1.59% 
1.61% 
1.61% 
1.61% 
1.62% 
1.62% 
1.63% 
1.63% 
2008.Q2 
0.00% 
0.00% 
0.01% 
0.04% 
0.16% 
0.28% 
0.48% 
0.61% 
0.80% 
1.11% 
1.21% 
1.29% 
1.40% 
1.54% 
1.71% 
1.86% 
1.96% 
2.04% 
2.07% 
2.11% 
2.12% 
2.12% 
2.13% 
2.15% 
2.15% 
2.15% 
2.15% 
2008.Q3 
0.00% 
0.00% 
0.01% 
0.11% 
0.18% 
0.26% 
0.31% 
0.48% 
0.94% 
1.03% 
1.13% 
1.22% 
1.34% 
1.52% 
1.66% 
1.82% 
1.94% 
2.01% 
2.05% 
2.08% 
2.08% 
2.09% 
2.10% 
2.10% 
2.11% 
2.12% 
2.12% 
2008.Q4 
0.00% 
0.01% 
0.01% 
0.05% 
0.09% 
0.13% 
0.24% 
0.37% 
0.50% 
0.59% 
0.60% 
0.67% 
0.81% 
0.90% 
0.99% 
1.08% 
1.13% 
1.17% 
1.17% 
1.22% 
1.24% 
1.25% 
1.25% 
1.25% 
1.26% 
1.26% 
1.26% 
2009.Q1 
0.00% 
0.00% 
0.00% 
0.03% 
0.04% 
0.09% 
0.15% 
0.22% 
0.26% 
0.26% 
0.33% 
0.37% 
0.41% 
0.42% 
0.43% 
0.48% 
0.51% 
0.52% 
0.54% 
0.57% 
0.59% 
0.60% 
0.60% 
0.60% 
0.60% 
0.60% 
0.60% 
2009.Q2 
0.00% 
0.00% 
0.00% 
0.02% 
0.05% 
0.12% 
0.21% 
0.25% 
0.28% 
0.33% 
0.41% 
0.48% 
0.55% 
0.59% 
0.65% 
0.72% 
0.78% 
0.80% 
0.82% 
0.87% 
0.88% 
0.89% 
0.89% 
0.89% 
0.89% 
0.90% 
0.90% 
2009.Q3 
0.00% 
0.00% 
0.01% 
0.02% 
0.03% 
0.09% 
0.13% 
0.16% 
0.18% 
0.24% 
0.30% 
0.37% 
0.46% 
0.53% 
0.56% 
0.62% 
0.64% 
0.67% 
0.68% 
0.72% 
0.73% 
0.73% 
0.73% 
0.74% 
0.74% 
0.75% 
0.75% 
2009.Q4 
0.00% 
0.00% 
0.00% 
0.01% 
0.04% 
0.07% 
0.09% 
0.13% 
0.16% 
0.23% 
0.29% 
0.38% 
0.50% 
0.57% 
0.63% 
0.71% 
0.74% 
0.75% 
0.76% 
0.79% 
0.80% 
0.80% 
0.81% 
0.82% 
0.82% 
0.82% 
0.82% 
2010.Q1 
0.00% 
0.00% 
0.01% 
0.02% 
0.04% 
0.06% 
0.09% 
0.13% 
0.17% 
0.20% 
0.28% 
0.35% 
0.46% 
0.47% 
0.52% 
0.59% 
0.62% 
0.65% 
0.66% 
0.69% 
0.71% 
0.71% 
0.72% 
0.72% 
0.72% 
0.73% 
0.73% 
2010.Q2 
0.00% 
0.00% 
0.01% 
0.02% 
0.03% 
0.04% 
0.09% 
0.13% 
0.19% 
0.24% 
0.29% 
0.36% 
0.41% 
0.47% 
0.51% 
0.58% 
0.59% 
0.60% 
0.61% 
0.66% 
0.68% 
0.68% 
0.69% 
0.69% 
0.69% 
0.70% 
0.70% 
2010.Q3 
0.00% 
0.00% 
0.00% 
0.01% 
0.02% 
0.06% 
0.11% 
0.17% 
0.20% 
0.24% 
0.31% 
0.37% 
0.46% 
0.62% 
0.69% 
0.75% 
0.78% 
0.80% 
0.81% 
0.84% 
0.86% 
0.86% 
0.86% 
0.86% 
0.86% 
0.86% 
0.86% 
2010.Q4 
0.00% 
0.00% 
0.00% 
0.01% 
0.05% 
0.10% 
0.11% 
0.16% 
0.20% 
0.25% 
0.30% 
0.38% 
0.46% 
0.52% 
0.55% 
0.62% 
0.65% 
0.69% 
0.69% 
0.73% 
0.74% 
0.74% 
0.74% 
0.74% 
0.75% 
0.75% 
0.75% 
2011.Q1 
0.00% 
0.00% 
0.00% 
0.02% 
0.04% 
0.06% 
0.10% 
0.14% 
0.17% 
0.21% 
0.27% 
0.36% 
0.45% 
0.45% 
0.47% 
0.53% 
0.59% 
0.61% 
0.63% 
0.65% 
0.66% 
0.67% 
0.68% 
0.69% 
0.69% 
0.69% 
0.69% 
2011.Q2 
0.00% 
0.00% 
0.01% 
0.01% 
0.04% 
0.07% 
0.11% 
0.14% 
0.17% 
0.22% 
0.32% 
0.39% 
0.43% 
0.46% 
0.48% 
0.59% 
0.60% 
0.63% 
0.64% 
0.66% 
0.66% 
0.66% 
0.66% 
0.67% 
0.67% 
0.67% 
0.67% 
2011.Q3 
0.00% 
0.00% 
0.00% 
0.02% 
0.04% 
0.08% 
0.11% 
0.14% 
0.18% 
0.29% 
0.36% 
0.41% 
0.46% 
0.50% 
0.53% 
0.62% 
0.67% 
0.69% 
0.69% 
0.72% 
0.73% 
0.73% 
0.73% 
0.73% 
0.73% 
0.74% 
0.74% 
2011.Q4 
0.00% 
0.00% 
0.01% 
0.02% 
0.04% 
0.06% 
0.07% 
0.11% 
0.15% 
0.22% 
0.24% 
0.31% 
0.37% 
0.42% 
0.46% 
0.55% 
0.58% 
0.61% 
0.62% 
0.64% 
0.65% 
0.65% 
0.65% 
0.65% 
0.65% 
0.65% 
0.65% 
2012.Q1 
0.00% 
0.00% 
0.00% 
0.02% 
0.04% 
0.06% 
0.09% 
0.14% 
0.19% 
0.24% 
0.29% 
0.33% 
0.39% 
0.40% 
0.44% 
0.49% 
0.53% 
0.53% 
0.54% 
0.55% 
0.55% 
0.55% 
0.55% 
0.55% 
0.55% 
0.56% 
0.56% 
2012.Q2 
0.00% 
0.00% 
0.01% 
0.02% 
0.03% 
0.06% 
0.13% 
0.18% 
0.22% 
0.25% 
0.29% 
0.36% 
0.41% 
0.48% 
0.51% 
0.59% 
0.61% 
0.64% 
0.65% 
0.65% 
0.65% 
0.65% 
0.65% 
0.65% 
0.65% 
0.67% 
0.67% 
2012.Q3 
0.00% 
0.00% 
0.00% 
0.01% 
0.03% 
0.07% 
0.12% 
0.15% 
0.19% 
0.24% 
0.30% 
0.37% 
0.42% 
0.46% 
0.50% 
0.58% 
0.61% 
0.63% 
0.63% 
0.64% 
0.64% 
0.64% 
0.64% 
0.64% 
0.64% 
0.65% 
0.65% 
2012.Q4 
0.00% 
0.00% 
0.00% 
0.02% 
0.04% 
0.11% 
0.15% 
0.18% 
0.21% 
0.27% 
0.30% 
0.38% 
0.42% 
0.50% 
0.54% 
0.60% 
0.63% 
0.64% 
0.64% 
0.64% 
0.64% 
0.64% 
0.64% 
0.64% 
0.64% 
0.66% 
0.66% 
2013.Q1 
0.00% 
0.00% 
0.00% 
0.01% 
0.03% 
0.07% 
0.10% 
0.13% 
0.18% 
0.22% 
0.26% 
0.31% 
0.36% 
0.42% 
0.46% 
0.51% 
0.52% 
0.54% 
0.55% 
0.55% 
0.55% 
0.55% 
0.55% 
0.55% 
0.55% 
0.57% 
0.57% 
2013.Q2 
0.00% 
0.00% 
0.00% 
0.01% 
0.03% 
0.08% 
0.11% 
0.14% 
0.19% 
0.23% 
0.27% 
0.32% 
0.38% 
0.45% 
0.51% 
0.54% 
0.57% 
0.58% 
0.59% 
0.59% 
0.60% 
0.60% 
0.60% 
0.60% 
0.60% 
0.63% 
0.63% 
2013.Q3 
0.00% 
0.00% 
0.00% 
0.01% 
0.03% 
0.07% 
0.10% 
0.13% 
0.16% 
0.20% 
0.26% 
0.32% 
0.40% 
0.52% 
0.61% 
0.67% 
0.70% 
0.72% 
0.74% 
0.75% 
0.75% 
0.75% 
0.75% 
0.75% 
0.75% 
0.78% 
0.78% 
2013.Q4 
0.00% 
0.00% 
0.00% 
0.01% 
0.02% 
0.04% 
0.06% 
0.11% 
0.14% 
0.18% 
0.23% 
0.31% 
0.41% 
0.53% 
0.65% 
0.71% 
0.75% 
0.77% 
0.79% 
0.80% 
0.80% 
0.81% 
0.81% 
0.81% 
0.82% 
0.83% 
0.83% 
2014.Q1 
0.00% 
0.00% 
0.00% 
0.01% 
0.02% 
0.04% 
0.07% 
0.12% 
0.14% 
0.18% 
0.23% 
0.30% 
0.40% 
0.54% 
0.66% 
0.74% 
0.77% 
0.79% 
0.80% 
0.82% 
0.82% 
0.82% 
0.82% 
0.83% 
0.86% 
0.86% 
0.86% 
2014.Q2 
0.00% 
0.00% 
0.00% 
0.01% 
0.02% 
0.06% 
0.10% 
0.13% 
0.17% 
0.22% 
0.29% 
0.38% 
0.49% 
0.64% 
0.79% 
0.86% 
0.92% 
0.96% 
1.00% 
1.02% 
1.03% 
1.03% 
1.04% 
1.06% 
1.06% 
1.06% 
1.06% 
2014.Q3 
0.00% 
0.00% 
0.00% 
0.01% 
0.02% 
0.05% 
0.11% 
0.14% 
0.20% 
0.26% 
0.33% 
0.43% 
0.56% 
0.74% 
0.91% 
1.02% 
1.11% 
1.16% 
1.21% 
1.25% 
1.26% 
1.27% 
1.33% 
1.33% 
1.33% 
1.33% 
1.33% 
2014.Q4 
0.00% 
0.00% 
0.00% 
0.01% 
0.02% 
0.05% 
0.09% 
0.12% 
0.18% 
0.25% 
0.33% 
0.41% 
0.53% 
0.73% 
0.94% 
1.05% 
1.13% 
1.17% 
1.24% 
1.28% 
1.30% 
1.33% 
1.33% 
1.33% 
1.33% 
1.33% 
1.33% 
2015.Q1 
0.00% 
0.00% 
0.00% 
0.01% 
0.02% 
0.05% 
0.11% 
0.14% 
0.20% 
0.25% 
0.33% 
0.41% 
0.53% 
0.69% 
0.88% 
1.00% 
1.05% 
1.12% 
1.23% 
1.28% 
1.32% 
1.33% 
1.33% 
1.33% 
1.33% 
1.33% 
1.33% 
2015.Q2 
0.00% 
0.00% 
0.00% 
0.00% 
0.02% 
0.06% 
0.12% 
0.17% 
0.22% 
0.27% 
0.33% 
0.42% 
0.52% 
0.71% 
0.86% 
0.97% 
1.06% 
1.19% 
1.35% 
1.40% 
1.44% 
1.45% 
1.45% 
1.45% 
1.45% 
1.45% 
1.45% 
2015.Q3 
0.00% 
0.00% 
0.00% 
0.01% 
0.02% 
0.05% 
0.09% 
0.13% 
0.20% 
0.26% 
0.32% 
0.39% 
0.50% 
0.64% 
0.75% 
0.88% 
1.01% 
1.17% 
1.29% 
1.36% 
1.39% 
1.40% 
1.40% 
1.40% 
1.40% 
1.40% 
1.40% 
2015.Q4 
0.00% 
0.00% 
0.00% 
0.02% 
0.06% 
0.11% 
0.16% 
0.20% 
0.26% 
0.31% 
0.38% 
0.45% 
0.55% 
0.65% 
0.82% 
0.97% 
1.18% 
1.29% 
1.43% 
1.47% 
1.53% 
1.55% 
1.55% 
1.55% 
1.55% 
1.55% 
1.55% 
2016.Q1 
0.00% 
0.00% 
0.00% 
0.01% 
0.04% 
0.07% 
0.10% 
0.14% 
0.17% 
0.23% 
0.29% 
0.34% 
0.41% 
0.52% 
0.71% 
0.88% 
0.99% 
1.10% 
1.13% 
1.22% 
1.34% 
1.36% 
1.36% 
1.36% 
1.36% 
1.37% 
1.37% 
2016.Q2 
0.00% 
0.00% 
0.00% 
0.01% 
0.04% 
0.08% 
0.13% 
0.17% 
0.22% 
0.27% 
0.33% 
0.40% 
0.50% 
0.67% 
0.91% 
1.03% 
1.13% 
1.16% 
1.24% 
1.33% 
1.39% 
1.39% 
1.39% 
1.39% 
1.39% 
1.39% 
1.39%

--- Page 184 ---
- 173 - 
 
 
Cohort 
Year/Qrt 
00 
Mths 
03 
Mths 
06 
Mths 
09 
Mths 
 12 
Mths 
 15 
Mths 
 18 
Mths 
 21 
Mths 
 24 
Mths 
 27 
Mths 
 30 
Mths 
 33 
Mths 
 36 
Mths 
 39 
Mths 
 42 
Mths 
 45 
Mths 
 48 
Mths 
 51 
Mths 
 54 
Mths 
 57 
Mths 
 60 
Mths 
 63 
Mths 
 66 
Mths 
 69 
Mths 
 72 
Mths 
 75 
Mths 
 78 
Mths 
2016.Q3 
0.00% 
0.00% 
0.00% 
0.01% 
0.02% 
0.08% 
0.10% 
0.15% 
0.19% 
0.23% 
0.29% 
0.41% 
0.51% 
0.75% 
0.95% 
1.12% 
1.15% 
1.25% 
1.29% 
1.39% 
1.46% 
1.47% 
1.47% 
1.47% 
1.47% 
1.47% 
1.47% 
2016.Q4 
0.00% 
0.00% 
0.00% 
0.02% 
0.05% 
0.08% 
0.13% 
0.19% 
0.23% 
0.28% 
0.36% 
0.45% 
0.58% 
0.71% 
0.90% 
0.94% 
1.10% 
1.17% 
1.26% 
1.32% 
1.36% 
1.37% 
1.37% 
1.37% 
1.37% 
1.37% 
1.37% 
2017.Q1 
0.00% 
0.00% 
0.00% 
0.01% 
0.03% 
0.07% 
0.10% 
0.15% 
0.21% 
0.30% 
0.36% 
0.44% 
0.51% 
0.63% 
0.66% 
0.84% 
0.92% 
0.99% 
0.92% 
0.95% 
0.98% 
0.99% 
0.99% 
0.99% 
0.99% 
0.99% 
0.99% 
2017.Q2 
0.00% 
0.00% 
0.00% 
0.02% 
0.05% 
0.11% 
0.17% 
0.23% 
0.31% 
0.36% 
0.45% 
0.51% 
0.59% 
0.62% 
0.77% 
0.86% 
0.94% 
0.89% 
0.80% 
0.84% 
0.87% 
0.87% 
0.87% 
0.87% 
0.87% 
0.87% 
  
2017.Q3 
0.00% 
0.00% 
0.00% 
0.01% 
0.04% 
0.08% 
0.17% 
0.25% 
0.32% 
0.39% 
0.45% 
0.50% 
0.54% 
0.63% 
0.70% 
0.83% 
0.83% 
0.78% 
0.73% 
0.76% 
0.79% 
0.79% 
0.79% 
0.80% 
0.79% 
  
  
2017.Q4 
0.00% 
0.00% 
0.00% 
0.02% 
0.04% 
0.10% 
0.16% 
0.22% 
0.28% 
0.34% 
0.39% 
0.44% 
0.53% 
0.57% 
0.68% 
0.68% 
0.66% 
0.66% 
0.63% 
0.66% 
0.68% 
0.68% 
0.68% 
0.68% 
  
  
  
2018.Q1 
0.00% 
0.00% 
0.00% 
0.01% 
0.03% 
0.11% 
0.15% 
0.21% 
0.26% 
0.30% 
0.33% 
0.39% 
0.41% 
0.48% 
0.46% 
0.44% 
0.45% 
0.44% 
0.42% 
0.45% 
0.47% 
0.48% 
0.48% 
  
  
  
  
2018.Q2 
0.00% 
0.00% 
0.00% 
0.01% 
0.04% 
0.09% 
0.15% 
0.21% 
0.26% 
0.31% 
0.39% 
0.41% 
0.46% 
0.42% 
0.39% 
0.40% 
0.41% 
0.42% 
0.41% 
0.46% 
0.48% 
0.48% 
  
  
  
  
  
2018.Q3 
0.00% 
0.00% 
0.00% 
0.02% 
0.06% 
0.15% 
0.22% 
0.30% 
0.34% 
0.41% 
0.44% 
0.50% 
0.52% 
0.47% 
0.46% 
0.48% 
0.49% 
0.49% 
0.48% 
0.55% 
0.58% 
  
  
  
  
  
  
2018.Q4 
0.00% 
0.00% 
0.00% 
0.04% 
0.09% 
0.15% 
0.20% 
0.25% 
0.33% 
0.36% 
0.42% 
0.45% 
0.46% 
0.46% 
0.45% 
0.47% 
0.50% 
0.50% 
0.48% 
0.53% 
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
2019.Q1 
0.00% 
0.00% 
0.00% 
0.02% 
0.05% 
0.11% 
0.14% 
0.21% 
0.23% 
0.28% 
0.30% 
0.34% 
0.34% 
0.35% 
0.35% 
0.38% 
0.38% 
0.39% 
0.38% 
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
2019.Q2 
0.00% 
0.00% 
0.00% 
0.01% 
0.06% 
0.09% 
0.14% 
0.17% 
0.23% 
0.25% 
0.27% 
0.28% 
0.30% 
0.32% 
0.33% 
0.34% 
0.35% 
0.34% 
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
2019.Q3 
0.00% 
0.00% 
0.01% 
0.03% 
0.05% 
0.11% 
0.13% 
0.19% 
0.22% 
0.26% 
0.30% 
0.35% 
0.37% 
0.38% 
0.39% 
0.40% 
0.42% 
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
2019.Q4 
0.00% 
0.00% 
0.00% 
0.01% 
0.04% 
0.06% 
0.10% 
0.13% 
0.17% 
0.20% 
0.23% 
0.26% 
0.28% 
0.30% 
0.31% 
0.33% 
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
2020.Q1 
0.00% 
0.00% 
0.00% 
0.01% 
0.02% 
0.06% 
0.10% 
0.13% 
0.16% 
0.18% 
0.20% 
0.23% 
0.25% 
0.26% 
0.26% 
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
2020.Q2 
0.00% 
0.00% 
0.00% 
0.00% 
0.01% 
0.03% 
0.05% 
0.09% 
0.15% 
0.18% 
0.19% 
0.21% 
0.21% 
0.21% 
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
2020.Q3 
0.00% 
0.00% 
0.00% 
0.01% 
0.01% 
0.03% 
0.04% 
0.08% 
0.11% 
0.14% 
0.15% 
0.18% 
0.18% 
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
2020.Q4 
0.00% 
0.00% 
0.00% 
0.01% 
0.01% 
0.04% 
0.08% 
0.12% 
0.14% 
0.16% 
0.19% 
0.21% 
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
2021.Q1 
0.00% 
0.00% 
0.00% 
0.00% 
0.01% 
0.03% 
0.05% 
0.08% 
0.09% 
0.10% 
0.11% 
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
2021.Q2 
0.00% 
0.00% 
0.00% 
0.01% 
0.03% 
0.06% 
0.09% 
0.11% 
0.13% 
0.14% 
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
2021.Q3 
0.00% 
0.00% 
0.00% 
0.01% 
0.04% 
0.07% 
0.09% 
0.13% 
0.13% 
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
2021.Q4 
0.00% 
0.00% 
0.00% 
0.00% 
0.02% 
0.05% 
0.07% 
0.08% 
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
2022.Q1 
0.00% 
0.00% 
0.00% 
0.01% 
0.02% 
0.04% 
0.04% 
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
2022.Q2 
0.00% 
0.00% 
0.00% 
0.00% 
0.01% 
0.02% 
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
2022.Q3 
0.00% 
0.00% 
0.00% 
0.01% 
0.01% 
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
2022.Q4 
0.00% 
0.00% 
0.00% 
0.00% 
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
2023.Q1 
0.00% 
0.00% 
0.00% 
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
2023.Q2 
0.00% 
0.00% 
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
2023.Q3 
0.00% 
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
0.00% 
0.00% 
0.00% 
0.00% 
0.00% 
0.00% 
0.00% 
0.00% 
0.00% 
0.00% 
0.00% 
0.00% 
0.00% 
0.00% 
0.00% 
0.00% 
0.00% 
0.00% 
0.00% 
0.00% 
0.00% 
0.00% 
0.00% 
0.00% 
0.00% 
0.00%

--- Page 185 ---
- 174 -

--- Page 186 ---
- 175 - 
 
 
2. 
Static Net Loss Data – Hp (New Cars) 
Cohort 
Year/Qrt 
00 
Mths 
03 
Mths 
06 
Mths 
09 
Mths 
 12 
Mths 
 15 
Mths 
 18 
Mths 
 21 
Mths 
 24 
Mths 
 27 
Mths 
 30 
Mths 
 33 
Mths 
 36 
Mths 
 39 
Mths 
 42 
Mths 
 45 
Mths 
 48 
Mths 
 51 
Mths 
 54 
Mths 
 57 
Mths 
 60 
Mths 
 63 
Mths 
 66 
Mths 
 69 
Mths 
 72 
Mths 
 75 
Mths 
 78 
Mths 
2002.Q3 
0.00% 
0.00% 
0.00% 
0.00% 
0.02% 
0.03% 
0.03% 
0.03% 
0.24% 
0.31% 
0.33% 
0.38% 
0.41% 
0.43% 
0.54% 
0.57% 
0.62% 
0.64% 
0.67% 
0.67% 
0.69% 
0.70% 
0.71% 
0.71% 
0.73% 
0.73% 
0.73% 
2002.Q4 
0.00% 
0.00% 
0.00% 
0.01% 
0.02% 
0.05% 
0.05% 
0.15% 
0.18% 
0.19% 
0.23% 
0.27% 
0.31% 
0.43% 
0.46% 
0.49% 
0.50% 
0.53% 
0.53% 
0.53% 
0.53% 
0.54% 
0.55% 
0.55% 
0.55% 
0.57% 
0.57% 
2003.Q1 
0.00% 
0.00% 
0.00% 
0.00% 
0.01% 
0.03% 
0.07% 
0.09% 
0.12% 
0.18% 
0.22% 
0.27% 
0.35% 
0.38% 
0.39% 
0.41% 
0.42% 
0.42% 
0.42% 
0.42% 
0.42% 
0.42% 
0.42% 
0.42% 
0.43% 
0.43% 
0.43% 
2003.Q2 
0.00% 
0.00% 
0.01% 
0.01% 
0.01% 
0.01% 
0.01% 
0.03% 
0.04% 
0.07% 
0.12% 
0.22% 
0.25% 
0.28% 
0.31% 
0.32% 
0.33% 
0.33% 
0.33% 
0.34% 
0.35% 
0.35% 
0.35% 
0.36% 
0.36% 
0.36% 
0.36% 
2003.Q3 
0.00% 
0.01% 
0.01% 
0.02% 
0.04% 
0.05% 
0.07% 
0.09% 
0.11% 
0.13% 
0.19% 
0.24% 
0.28% 
0.33% 
0.34% 
0.36% 
0.38% 
0.38% 
0.38% 
0.39% 
0.39% 
0.39% 
0.39% 
0.39% 
0.39% 
0.39% 
0.39% 
2003.Q4 
0.00% 
0.00% 
0.00% 
0.01% 
0.06% 
0.07% 
0.12% 
0.14% 
0.17% 
0.26% 
0.35% 
0.44% 
0.48% 
0.49% 
0.50% 
0.51% 
0.55% 
0.56% 
0.56% 
0.57% 
0.58% 
0.59% 
0.59% 
0.59% 
0.59% 
0.59% 
0.59% 
2004.Q1 
0.00% 
0.00% 
-0.01% 
0.00% 
0.00% 
0.04% 
0.05% 
0.08% 
0.16% 
0.20% 
0.23% 
0.28% 
0.32% 
0.37% 
0.37% 
0.38% 
0.40% 
0.40% 
0.41% 
0.42% 
0.42% 
0.42% 
0.43% 
0.43% 
0.43% 
0.43% 
0.43% 
2004.Q2 
0.00% 
0.00% 
0.00% 
0.01% 
-0.01% 
0.03% 
0.06% 
0.08% 
0.14% 
0.20% 
0.22% 
0.30% 
0.39% 
0.40% 
0.41% 
0.42% 
0.42% 
0.42% 
0.43% 
0.43% 
0.43% 
0.43% 
0.43% 
0.44% 
0.44% 
0.45% 
0.45% 
2004.Q3 
0.00% 
0.00% 
0.00% 
-0.01% 
-0.01% 
0.00% 
0.07% 
0.12% 
0.16% 
0.20% 
0.24% 
0.26% 
0.28% 
0.30% 
0.31% 
0.38% 
0.39% 
0.41% 
0.40% 
0.42% 
0.42% 
0.42% 
0.42% 
0.43% 
0.43% 
0.43% 
0.43% 
2004.Q4 
0.00% 
0.00% 
0.00% 
0.00% 
0.05% 
0.17% 
0.20% 
0.20% 
0.23% 
0.29% 
0.36% 
0.43% 
0.45% 
0.48% 
0.51% 
0.51% 
0.52% 
0.53% 
0.54% 
0.53% 
0.54% 
0.56% 
0.56% 
0.56% 
0.56% 
0.56% 
0.56% 
2005.Q1 
0.00% 
0.00% 
0.00% 
0.00% 
0.04% 
0.04% 
0.06% 
0.07% 
0.09% 
0.12% 
0.13% 
0.21% 
0.22% 
0.23% 
0.23% 
0.25% 
0.26% 
0.29% 
0.29% 
0.30% 
0.30% 
0.30% 
0.31% 
0.31% 
0.31% 
0.31% 
0.31% 
2005.Q2 
0.00% 
0.00% 
0.00% 
0.02% 
0.05% 
0.06% 
0.07% 
0.08% 
0.11% 
0.10% 
0.19% 
0.20% 
0.22% 
0.23% 
0.24% 
0.25% 
0.27% 
0.30% 
0.31% 
0.31% 
0.31% 
0.31% 
0.31% 
0.31% 
0.31% 
0.31% 
0.31% 
2005.Q3 
0.00% 
0.00% 
0.00% 
0.00% 
0.03% 
0.06% 
0.13% 
0.17% 
0.20% 
0.23% 
0.26% 
0.26% 
0.29% 
0.29% 
0.35% 
0.35% 
0.38% 
0.39% 
0.39% 
0.39% 
0.42% 
0.43% 
0.42% 
0.42% 
0.42% 
0.42% 
0.42% 
2005.Q4 
0.00% 
0.00% 
0.00% 
0.02% 
0.04% 
0.05% 
0.06% 
0.08% 
0.14% 
0.21% 
0.24% 
0.30% 
0.33% 
0.36% 
0.40% 
0.43% 
0.51% 
0.66% 
0.67% 
0.68% 
0.69% 
0.68% 
0.69% 
0.70% 
0.70% 
0.71% 
0.71% 
2006.Q1 
0.00% 
0.00% 
0.00% 
0.00% 
0.01% 
0.04% 
0.12% 
0.18% 
0.22% 
0.29% 
0.30% 
0.35% 
0.44% 
0.51% 
0.57% 
0.58% 
0.66% 
0.72% 
0.86% 
0.86% 
0.81% 
0.81% 
0.81% 
0.81% 
0.81% 
0.83% 
0.83% 
2006.Q2 
0.00% 
0.00% 
0.00% 
0.01% 
0.02% 
0.02% 
0.02% 
0.11% 
0.16% 
0.18% 
0.30% 
0.42% 
0.49% 
0.51% 
0.53% 
0.57% 
0.61% 
1.23% 
1.24% 
1.10% 
1.10% 
1.11% 
1.11% 
1.12% 
1.12% 
1.12% 
1.12% 
2006.Q3 
0.00% 
0.00% 
0.00% 
0.00% 
0.01% 
0.02% 
0.07% 
0.11% 
0.15% 
0.22% 
0.33% 
0.32% 
0.36% 
0.40% 
0.41% 
0.55% 
1.06% 
1.08% 
1.07% 
1.09% 
1.09% 
1.09% 
1.09% 
1.12% 
1.12% 
1.12% 
1.12% 
2006.Q4 
0.00% 
0.01% 
0.01% 
0.00% 
0.02% 
0.04% 
0.06% 
0.13% 
0.14% 
0.15% 
0.21% 
0.26% 
0.38% 
0.46% 
0.55% 
1.32% 
1.32% 
1.42% 
1.44% 
1.44% 
1.46% 
1.46% 
1.50% 
1.52% 
1.52% 
1.54% 
1.54% 
2007.Q1 
0.00% 
0.00% 
0.00% 
0.01% 
0.03% 
0.04% 
0.06% 
0.10% 
0.12% 
0.15% 
0.18% 
0.19% 
0.23% 
0.22% 
0.38% 
0.38% 
0.41% 
0.43% 
0.43% 
0.44% 
0.44% 
0.46% 
0.47% 
0.48% 
0.48% 
0.48% 
0.48% 
2007.Q2 
0.00% 
0.00% 
0.00% 
0.00% 
0.08% 
0.08% 
0.14% 
0.22% 
0.27% 
0.41% 
0.43% 
0.45% 
0.53% 
0.56% 
0.59% 
0.60% 
0.62% 
0.63% 
0.63% 
0.63% 
0.66% 
0.67% 
0.67% 
0.67% 
0.67% 
0.67% 
0.67% 
2007.Q3 
0.00% 
0.00% 
0.01% 
0.01% 
0.05% 
0.09% 
0.08% 
0.11% 
0.14% 
0.22% 
0.31% 
0.42% 
0.51% 
0.63% 
0.66% 
0.70% 
0.72% 
0.72% 
0.72% 
0.74% 
0.74% 
0.74% 
0.74% 
0.74% 
0.74% 
0.75% 
0.75% 
2007.Q4 
0.00% 
0.00% 
0.00% 
0.00% 
0.11% 
0.14% 
0.37% 
0.55% 
0.68% 
0.70% 
0.84% 
1.95% 
2.05% 
2.10% 
2.10% 
2.13% 
2.15% 
2.21% 
2.25% 
2.27% 
2.29% 
2.29% 
2.29% 
2.29% 
2.29% 
2.29% 
2.29% 
2008.Q1 
0.00% 
0.00% 
0.00% 
0.03% 
0.05% 
0.11% 
0.23% 
0.27% 
0.35% 
0.42% 
0.45% 
0.48% 
0.52% 
0.55% 
0.58% 
0.60% 
0.62% 
0.65% 
0.65% 
0.65% 
0.65% 
0.67% 
0.67% 
0.67% 
0.68% 
0.68% 
0.68% 
2008.Q2 
0.00% 
0.00% 
0.00% 
0.00% 
0.06% 
0.07% 
0.12% 
0.19% 
0.26% 
1.48% 
1.52% 
1.57% 
1.61% 
1.61% 
1.62% 
1.62% 
1.63% 
1.65% 
1.67% 
1.67% 
1.67% 
1.67% 
1.68% 
1.70% 
1.70% 
1.70% 
1.70% 
2008.Q3 
0.00% 
0.00% 
0.00% 
0.00% 
0.02% 
0.05% 
0.06% 
0.14% 
2.62% 
2.64% 
2.76% 
2.78% 
2.79% 
2.79% 
2.87% 
2.93% 
2.97% 
2.98% 
3.00% 
3.00% 
3.00% 
3.01% 
3.03% 
3.03% 
3.04% 
3.04% 
3.04% 
2008.Q4 
0.00% 
0.00% 
0.00% 
0.03% 
0.05% 
0.06% 
0.11% 
0.18% 
0.29% 
0.37% 
0.39% 
0.42% 
0.43% 
0.43% 
0.50% 
0.52% 
0.52% 
0.52% 
0.52% 
0.52% 
0.54% 
0.54% 
0.54% 
0.57% 
0.57% 
0.57% 
0.57% 
2009.Q1 
0.00% 
0.00% 
0.00% 
0.01% 
0.06% 
0.07% 
0.10% 
0.26% 
0.30% 
0.34% 
0.58% 
0.65% 
0.73% 
0.74% 
0.76% 
0.77% 
0.83% 
0.87% 
0.89% 
0.89% 
0.92% 
0.92% 
0.92% 
0.92% 
0.92% 
0.92% 
0.92% 
2009.Q2 
0.00% 
0.00% 
0.00% 
0.01% 
0.06% 
0.20% 
0.37% 
0.40% 
0.42% 
0.43% 
0.45% 
0.49% 
0.53% 
0.60% 
0.63% 
0.63% 
0.65% 
0.65% 
0.65% 
0.68% 
0.69% 
0.69% 
0.70% 
0.71% 
0.71% 
0.71% 
0.71% 
2009.Q3 
0.00% 
0.00% 
0.02% 
0.02% 
0.02% 
0.08% 
0.14% 
0.18% 
0.21% 
0.20% 
0.22% 
0.25% 
0.28% 
0.32% 
0.32% 
0.32% 
0.33% 
0.35% 
0.35% 
0.38% 
0.40% 
0.40% 
0.41% 
0.42% 
0.42% 
0.46% 
0.46% 
2009.Q4 
0.00% 
0.00% 
0.00% 
0.00% 
0.02% 
0.05% 
0.04% 
0.08% 
0.09% 
0.12% 
0.13% 
0.16% 
0.25% 
0.25% 
0.27% 
0.29% 
0.31% 
0.31% 
0.31% 
0.32% 
0.32% 
0.33% 
0.33% 
0.33% 
0.33% 
0.33% 
0.33% 
2010.Q1 
0.00% 
0.00% 
0.00% 
0.00% 
0.00% 
0.02% 
0.03% 
0.05% 
0.07% 
0.08% 
0.09% 
0.12% 
0.15% 
0.15% 
0.17% 
0.19% 
0.20% 
0.19% 
0.20% 
0.20% 
0.22% 
0.22% 
0.23% 
0.23% 
0.23% 
0.24% 
0.24% 
2010.Q2 
0.00% 
0.01% 
0.01% 
0.01% 
0.02% 
0.03% 
0.04% 
0.06% 
0.06% 
0.13% 
0.18% 
0.20% 
0.22% 
0.26% 
0.28% 
0.28% 
0.29% 
0.29% 
0.31% 
0.35% 
0.35% 
0.35% 
0.35% 
0.35% 
0.35% 
0.35% 
0.35% 
2010.Q3 
0.00% 
0.00% 
0.00% 
0.03% 
0.02% 
0.03% 
0.03% 
0.11% 
0.15% 
0.15% 
0.17% 
0.18% 
0.18% 
0.18% 
0.19% 
0.20% 
0.23% 
0.23% 
0.23% 
0.24% 
0.24% 
0.24% 
0.24% 
0.26% 
0.26% 
0.26% 
0.26% 
2010.Q4 
0.00% 
0.00% 
0.02% 
0.02% 
0.04% 
0.04% 
0.05% 
0.05% 
0.05% 
0.05% 
0.08% 
0.09% 
0.19% 
0.21% 
0.21% 
0.25% 
0.25% 
0.25% 
0.25% 
0.26% 
0.26% 
0.26% 
0.26% 
0.27% 
0.28% 
0.28% 
0.28% 
2011.Q1 
0.00% 
0.00% 
0.00% 
0.01% 
0.02% 
0.03% 
0.06% 
0.07% 
0.07% 
0.08% 
0.09% 
0.12% 
0.15% 
0.17% 
0.17% 
0.19% 
0.21% 
0.22% 
0.28% 
0.29% 
0.29% 
0.29% 
0.29% 
0.29% 
0.29% 
0.29% 
0.29% 
2011.Q2 
0.00% 
0.00% 
0.01% 
0.01% 
0.05% 
0.07% 
0.09% 
0.10% 
0.11% 
0.13% 
0.19% 
0.18% 
0.20% 
0.23% 
0.26% 
0.26% 
0.27% 
0.29% 
0.29% 
0.29% 
0.29% 
0.29% 
0.29% 
0.35% 
0.35% 
0.35% 
0.35% 
2011.Q3 
0.00% 
0.00% 
0.00% 
0.00% 
0.00% 
0.00% 
0.00% 
-0.01% 
0.02% 
0.10% 
0.13% 
0.15% 
0.18% 
0.19% 
0.23% 
0.25% 
0.24% 
0.32% 
0.34% 
0.34% 
0.35% 
0.35% 
0.35% 
0.35% 
0.35% 
0.35% 
0.35% 
2011.Q4 
0.00% 
0.00% 
0.04% 
0.04% 
0.04% 
0.03% 
0.03% 
0.04% 
0.05% 
0.05% 
0.10% 
0.18% 
0.26% 
0.28% 
0.29% 
0.38% 
0.38% 
0.38% 
0.38% 
0.38% 
0.38% 
0.38% 
0.38% 
0.38% 
0.38% 
0.38% 
0.38% 
2012.Q1 
0.00% 
0.00% 
0.00% 
0.00% 
-0.02% 
-0.02% 
0.02% 
0.02% 
0.01% 
0.04% 
0.12% 
0.17% 
0.26% 
0.27% 
0.28% 
0.29% 
0.31% 
0.31% 
0.31% 
0.32% 
0.32% 
0.32% 
0.32% 
0.33% 
0.33% 
0.33% 
0.33% 
2012.Q2 
0.00% 
0.00% 
0.00% 
0.00% 
0.01% 
0.00% 
0.13% 
0.15% 
0.16% 
0.19% 
0.19% 
0.22% 
0.24% 
0.36% 
0.39% 
0.39% 
0.40% 
0.40% 
0.41% 
0.42% 
0.42% 
0.42% 
0.41% 
0.41% 
0.41% 
0.41% 
0.41% 
2012.Q3 
0.00% 
0.00% 
0.00% 
0.00% 
0.00% 
0.00% 
0.02% 
0.02% 
0.08% 
0.14% 
0.15% 
0.25% 
0.32% 
0.35% 
0.36% 
0.38% 
0.38% 
0.40% 
0.40% 
0.40% 
0.40% 
0.40% 
0.40% 
0.40% 
0.40% 
0.42% 
0.42% 
2012.Q4 
0.00% 
0.00% 
0.06% 
0.11% 
0.20% 
0.21% 
0.21% 
0.24% 
0.28% 
0.36% 
0.39% 
0.45% 
0.46% 
0.47% 
0.47% 
0.48% 
0.48% 
0.47% 
0.48% 
0.48% 
0.49% 
0.49% 
0.49% 
0.49% 
0.49% 
0.49% 
0.49% 
2013.Q1 
0.00% 
0.00% 
0.00% 
0.04% 
0.03% 
0.04% 
0.05% 
0.10% 
0.17% 
0.17% 
0.19% 
0.19% 
0.21% 
0.23% 
0.22% 
0.23% 
0.23% 
0.24% 
0.24% 
0.25% 
0.26% 
0.26% 
0.26% 
0.26% 
0.26% 
0.26% 
0.26% 
2013.Q2 
0.00% 
0.00% 
0.00% 
0.00% 
0.00% 
0.03% 
0.07% 
0.05% 
0.04% 
0.08% 
0.08% 
0.17% 
0.19% 
0.21% 
0.21% 
0.21% 
0.21% 
0.21% 
0.22% 
0.22% 
0.22% 
0.23% 
0.23% 
0.23% 
0.23% 
0.25% 
0.25% 
2013.Q3 
0.00% 
0.00% 
0.00% 
0.00% 
0.00% 
0.01% 
0.04% 
0.04% 
0.04% 
0.11% 
0.13% 
0.15% 
0.16% 
0.17% 
0.17% 
0.20% 
0.20% 
0.20% 
0.20% 
0.20% 
0.20% 
0.20% 
0.20% 
0.20% 
0.20% 
0.20% 
0.20% 
2013.Q4 
0.00% 
0.00% 
0.00% 
0.00% 
0.00% 
0.00% 
0.00% 
0.10% 
0.11% 
0.17% 
0.23% 
0.31% 
0.35% 
0.35% 
0.35% 
0.35% 
0.35% 
0.35% 
0.35% 
0.35% 
0.35% 
0.35% 
0.35% 
0.35% 
0.35% 
0.35% 
0.35% 
2014.Q1 
0.00% 
0.00% 
0.00% 
0.00% 
0.00% 
0.00% 
0.03% 
0.05% 
0.06% 
0.05% 
0.05% 
0.10% 
0.12% 
0.15% 
0.20% 
0.21% 
0.21% 
0.21% 
0.24% 
0.24% 
0.24% 
0.24% 
0.24% 
0.24% 
0.24% 
0.24% 
0.24% 
2014.Q2 
0.00% 
0.00% 
0.00% 
0.00% 
0.00% 
0.15% 
0.15% 
0.24% 
0.31% 
0.31% 
0.33% 
0.36% 
0.37% 
0.40% 
0.40% 
0.40% 
0.40% 
0.40% 
0.41% 
0.41% 
0.41% 
0.41% 
0.41% 
0.41% 
0.41% 
0.41% 
0.41% 
2014.Q3 
0.00% 
0.00% 
0.00% 
0.00% 
0.02% 
0.02% 
0.22% 
0.32% 
0.32% 
0.42% 
0.42% 
0.42% 
0.44% 
0.44% 
0.45% 
0.40% 
0.41% 
0.41% 
0.42% 
0.42% 
0.42% 
0.42% 
0.42% 
0.42% 
0.42% 
0.42% 
0.42% 
2014.Q4 
0.00% 
0.00% 
0.00% 
0.00% 
0.07% 
0.07% 
0.08% 
0.08% 
0.08% 
0.08% 
0.09% 
0.09% 
0.16% 
0.20% 
0.19% 
0.21% 
0.21% 
0.30% 
0.31% 
0.32% 
0.33% 
0.33% 
0.33% 
0.33% 
0.33% 
0.33% 
0.33% 
2015.Q1 
0.00% 
0.00% 
0.02% 
0.06% 
0.05% 
0.05% 
0.28% 
0.35% 
0.35% 
0.41% 
0.44% 
0.45% 
0.47% 
0.55% 
0.58% 
0.59% 
0.59% 
0.59% 
0.59% 
0.59% 
0.62% 
0.62% 
0.62% 
0.62% 
0.62% 
0.62% 
0.62% 
2015.Q2 
0.00% 
0.00% 
0.00% 
0.00% 
0.00% 
0.00% 
0.13% 
0.17% 
0.20% 
0.18% 
0.16% 
0.16% 
0.16% 
0.16% 
0.16% 
0.21% 
0.21% 
0.21% 
0.24% 
0.26% 
0.26% 
0.26% 
0.26% 
0.27% 
0.27% 
0.27% 
0.27% 
2015.Q3 
0.00% 
0.00% 
0.00% 
0.00% 
0.00% 
0.00% 
-0.01% 
-0.01% 
-0.01% 
-0.01% 
0.37% 
0.37% 
0.39% 
0.41% 
0.41% 
0.41% 
0.45% 
0.45% 
0.45% 
0.45% 
0.45% 
0.45% 
0.46% 
0.46% 
0.46% 
0.46% 
0.46% 
2015.Q4 
0.00% 
0.00% 
0.00% 
0.03% 
0.03% 
0.03% 
0.03% 
0.03% 
0.03% 
0.03% 
0.03% 
0.07% 
0.05% 
0.05% 
0.08% 
0.08% 
0.12% 
0.12% 
0.07% 
0.07% 
0.07% 
0.07% 
0.07% 
0.07% 
0.07% 
0.07% 
0.07% 
2016.Q1 
0.00% 
0.00% 
0.00% 
0.00% 
-0.03% 
-0.01% 
-0.04% 
-0.03% 
-0.03% 
-0.04% 
0.01% 
0.00% 
0.06% 
0.07% 
0.14% 
0.14% 
0.14% 
0.14% 
0.14% 
0.16% 
0.16% 
0.16% 
0.16% 
0.16% 
0.16% 
0.16% 
0.16% 
2016.Q2 
0.00% 
0.00% 
0.00% 
-0.04% 
-0.02% 
0.01% 
0.01% 
0.01% 
0.01% 
0.01% 
0.01% 
0.01% 
0.07% 
0.07% 
0.10% 
0.13% 
0.13% 
0.13% 
0.13% 
0.15% 
0.15% 
0.15% 
0.15% 
0.15% 
0.15% 
0.15% 
0.15%

--- Page 187 ---
- 176 - 
 
 
Cohort 
Year/Qrt 
00 
Mths 
03 
Mths 
06 
Mths 
09 
Mths 
 12 
Mths 
 15 
Mths 
 18 
Mths 
 21 
Mths 
 24 
Mths 
 27 
Mths 
 30 
Mths 
 33 
Mths 
 36 
Mths 
 39 
Mths 
 42 
Mths 
 45 
Mths 
 48 
Mths 
 51 
Mths 
 54 
Mths 
 57 
Mths 
 60 
Mths 
 63 
Mths 
 66 
Mths 
 69 
Mths 
 72 
Mths 
 75 
Mths 
 78 
Mths 
2016.Q3 
0.00% 
0.00% 
0.00% 
0.00% 
0.00% 
0.00% 
0.00% 
0.00% 
0.00% 
0.00% 
0.02% 
0.19% 
0.26% 
0.37% 
0.40% 
0.42% 
0.41% 
0.41% 
0.44% 
0.44% 
0.44% 
0.44% 
0.44% 
0.45% 
0.45% 
0.45% 
0.45% 
2016.Q4 
0.00% 
0.00% 
0.00% 
0.00% 
0.00% 
0.00% 
0.19% 
0.19% 
0.19% 
0.22% 
0.22% 
0.26% 
0.28% 
0.29% 
0.29% 
0.29% 
0.29% 
0.29% 
0.29% 
0.30% 
0.30% 
0.30% 
0.30% 
0.30% 
0.30% 
0.30% 
0.30% 
2017.Q1 
0.00% 
0.00% 
0.00% 
0.00% 
0.00% 
0.12% 
0.13% 
0.22% 
0.27% 
0.26% 
0.29% 
0.37% 
0.44% 
0.45% 
0.45% 
0.45% 
0.45% 
0.45% 
0.45% 
0.45% 
0.45% 
0.45% 
0.45% 
0.45% 
0.45% 
0.45% 
0.45% 
2017.Q2 
0.00% 
0.00% 
0.00% 
0.00% 
0.00% 
0.26% 
0.26% 
0.26% 
0.28% 
0.28% 
0.28% 
0.29% 
0.25% 
0.26% 
0.27% 
0.28% 
0.28% 
0.28% 
0.30% 
0.30% 
0.30% 
0.30% 
0.30% 
0.30% 
0.30% 
0.30% 
  
2017.Q3 
0.00% 
0.00% 
0.00% 
0.00% 
0.00% 
0.00% 
0.00% 
0.19% 
0.18% 
0.14% 
0.21% 
0.26% 
0.27% 
0.30% 
0.32% 
0.32% 
0.32% 
0.32% 
0.32% 
0.32% 
0.32% 
0.32% 
0.32% 
0.32% 
0.32% 
  
  
2017.Q4 
0.00% 
0.00% 
0.00% 
0.00% 
0.00% 
0.00% 
0.00% 
0.00% 
0.03% 
0.04% 
0.18% 
0.18% 
0.18% 
0.17% 
0.17% 
0.17% 
0.17% 
0.17% 
0.17% 
0.17% 
0.17% 
0.17% 
0.17% 
0.17% 
  
  
  
2018.Q1 
0.00% 
0.00% 
0.00% 
0.00% 
0.00% 
0.13% 
0.14% 
0.15% 
0.15% 
0.17% 
0.21% 
0.21% 
0.27% 
0.31% 
0.31% 
0.31% 
0.31% 
0.31% 
0.30% 
0.30% 
0.30% 
0.30% 
0.30% 
  
  
  
  
2018.Q2 
0.00% 
0.00% 
0.00% 
0.00% 
0.00% 
0.00% 
0.00% 
0.00% 
0.00% 
0.04% 
0.04% 
0.04% 
0.07% 
0.21% 
0.21% 
0.30% 
0.30% 
0.30% 
0.30% 
0.30% 
0.30% 
0.30% 
  
  
  
  
  
2018.Q3 
0.00% 
0.00% 
0.00% 
0.00% 
0.41% 
0.41% 
0.58% 
0.58% 
0.58% 
0.58% 
0.59% 
0.59% 
0.62% 
0.66% 
0.95% 
0.95% 
0.95% 
0.95% 
0.95% 
0.95% 
0.95% 
  
  
  
  
  
  
2018.Q4 
0.00% 
0.00% 
0.00% 
0.00% 
0.00% 
0.04% 
0.03% 
0.20% 
0.18% 
0.18% 
0.18% 
0.30% 
0.30% 
0.30% 
0.30% 
0.30% 
0.36% 
0.36% 
0.36% 
0.36% 
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
2019.Q1 
0.00% 
0.00% 
0.00% 
0.00% 
0.12% 
0.14% 
0.14% 
0.13% 
0.13% 
0.15% 
0.18% 
0.19% 
0.19% 
0.18% 
0.19% 
0.19% 
0.19% 
0.20% 
0.20% 
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
2019.Q2 
0.00% 
0.00% 
0.00% 
0.00% 
0.01% 
0.01% 
0.03% 
0.03% 
0.18% 
0.02% 
0.02% 
0.09% 
0.11% 
0.11% 
0.12% 
0.14% 
0.14% 
0.14% 
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
2019.Q3 
0.00% 
0.00% 
0.00% 
0.00% 
0.00% 
0.04% 
0.04% 
0.04% 
0.04% 
0.54% 
0.54% 
0.54% 
0.54% 
0.55% 
0.57% 
0.57% 
0.57% 
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
2019.Q4 
0.00% 
0.00% 
0.00% 
0.00% 
0.00% 
0.01% 
0.01% 
0.01% 
0.01% 
0.01% 
0.01% 
0.01% 
0.01% 
0.01% 
-0.01% 
-0.01% 
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
2020.Q1 
0.00% 
0.00% 
0.00% 
0.13% 
0.13% 
0.31% 
0.31% 
0.46% 
0.64% 
0.64% 
0.64% 
0.65% 
0.65% 
0.65% 
0.65% 
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
2020.Q2 
0.00% 
0.00% 
0.00% 
0.00% 
0.00% 
0.00% 
0.00% 
0.00% 
0.00% 
0.00% 
0.00% 
0.00% 
0.00% 
0.00% 
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
2020.Q3 
0.00% 
0.00% 
0.00% 
0.00% 
0.00% 
0.00% 
0.00% 
-0.01% 
-0.01% 
0.12% 
0.12% 
0.12% 
0.12% 
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
2020.Q4 
0.00% 
0.00% 
0.00% 
0.00% 
0.00% 
0.04% 
0.04% 
0.01% 
0.01% 
0.01% 
0.01% 
0.01% 
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
2021.Q1 
0.00% 
0.00% 
0.00% 
0.00% 
0.00% 
0.00% 
0.00% 
0.00% 
0.00% 
0.00% 
0.00% 
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
2021.Q2 
0.00% 
0.00% 
0.00% 
0.00% 
0.00% 
0.00% 
0.00% 
0.00% 
0.00% 
0.01% 
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
2021.Q3 
0.00% 
0.00% 
0.00% 
0.00% 
0.00% 
0.00% 
0.00% 
0.00% 
0.00% 
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
2021.Q4 
0.00% 
0.00% 
0.00% 
0.00% 
0.00% 
0.00% 
0.00% 
0.00% 
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
2022.Q1 
0.00% 
0.00% 
0.00% 
0.00% 
0.00% 
0.00% 
0.00% 
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
2022.Q2 
0.00% 
0.00% 
0.00% 
0.00% 
0.00% 
0.00% 
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
2022.Q3 
0.00% 
0.00% 
0.00% 
0.00% 
0.00% 
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
2022.Q4 
0.00% 
0.00% 
0.00% 
0.00% 
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
2023.Q1 
0.00% 
0.00% 
0.00% 
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
2023.Q2 
0.00% 
0.00% 
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
2023.Q3 
0.00% 
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
0.00% 
0.00% 
0.00% 
0.00% 
0.00% 
0.00% 
0.00% 
0.00% 
0.00% 
0.00% 
0.00% 
0.00% 
0.00% 
0.00% 
0.00% 
0.00% 
0.00% 
0.00% 
0.00% 
0.00% 
0.00% 
0.00% 
0.00% 
0.00% 
0.00% 
0.00%

--- Page 188 ---
- 177 -

--- Page 189 ---
- 178 - 
 
 
 
3. 
Static Net Loss Data – Hp (Used Cars) 
Cohort 
Year/Qrt 
00 
Mths 
03 
Mths 
06 
Mths 
09 
Mths 
 12 
Mths 
 15 
Mths 
 18 
Mths 
 21 
Mths 
 24 
Mths 
 27 
Mths 
 30 
Mths 
 33 
Mths 
 36 
Mths 
 39 
Mths 
 42 
Mths 
 45 
Mths 
 48 
Mths 
 51 
Mths 
 54 
Mths 
 57 
Mths 
 60 
Mths 
 63 
Mths 
 66 
Mths 
 69 
Mths 
 72 
Mths 
 75 
Mths 
 78 
Mths 
2002.Q3 
0.00% 
0.00% 
0.03% 
0.07% 
0.08% 
0.10% 
0.13% 
0.15% 
0.41% 
0.53% 
0.57% 
0.62% 
0.72% 
0.76% 
0.89% 
0.91% 
0.97% 
1.00% 
1.03% 
1.03% 
1.03% 
1.07% 
1.07% 
1.07% 
1.07% 
1.08% 
1.08% 
2002.Q4 
0.00% 
0.00% 
0.00% 
0.02% 
0.05% 
0.08% 
0.11% 
0.33% 
0.43% 
0.52% 
0.60% 
0.66% 
0.73% 
0.85% 
0.94% 
1.02% 
1.06% 
1.06% 
1.07% 
1.07% 
1.07% 
1.07% 
1.08% 
1.08% 
1.09% 
1.09% 
1.09% 
2003.Q1 
0.00% 
0.00% 
0.00% 
0.01% 
0.03% 
0.05% 
0.24% 
0.32% 
0.36% 
0.42% 
0.46% 
0.54% 
0.68% 
0.78% 
0.83% 
0.84% 
0.86% 
0.87% 
0.88% 
0.89% 
0.91% 
0.91% 
0.92% 
0.92% 
0.92% 
0.93% 
0.93% 
2003.Q2 
0.00% 
0.00% 
0.00% 
0.02% 
0.03% 
0.08% 
0.20% 
0.32% 
0.35% 
0.38% 
0.47% 
0.71% 
0.79% 
0.84% 
0.88% 
0.92% 
0.93% 
0.95% 
1.01% 
1.02% 
1.03% 
1.04% 
1.04% 
1.04% 
1.04% 
1.06% 
1.06% 
2003.Q3 
0.00% 
0.00% 
0.02% 
0.03% 
0.04% 
0.09% 
0.19% 
0.21% 
0.25% 
0.32% 
0.46% 
0.58% 
0.66% 
0.74% 
0.79% 
0.83% 
0.85% 
0.87% 
0.89% 
0.92% 
0.92% 
0.93% 
0.94% 
0.94% 
0.94% 
0.94% 
0.94% 
2003.Q4 
0.00% 
0.00% 
0.01% 
0.00% 
0.07% 
0.14% 
0.19% 
0.25% 
0.30% 
0.38% 
0.46% 
0.63% 
0.81% 
0.89% 
0.97% 
1.00% 
1.07% 
1.10% 
1.11% 
1.11% 
1.15% 
1.15% 
1.16% 
1.16% 
1.16% 
1.16% 
1.16% 
2004.Q1 
0.00% 
0.00% 
0.01% 
0.02% 
0.04% 
0.07% 
0.10% 
0.15% 
0.36% 
0.47% 
0.64% 
0.78% 
0.93% 
0.95% 
1.02% 
1.07% 
1.10% 
1.14% 
1.15% 
1.18% 
1.19% 
1.21% 
1.21% 
1.23% 
1.23% 
1.23% 
1.23% 
2004.Q2 
0.00% 
0.00% 
0.01% 
0.04% 
0.06% 
0.14% 
0.25% 
0.33% 
0.42% 
0.61% 
0.71% 
0.85% 
0.95% 
1.00% 
1.04% 
1.08% 
1.13% 
1.15% 
1.20% 
1.23% 
1.24% 
1.25% 
1.27% 
1.27% 
1.27% 
1.27% 
1.27% 
2004.Q3 
0.00% 
0.00% 
0.00% 
0.03% 
0.06% 
0.14% 
0.23% 
0.33% 
0.49% 
0.65% 
0.79% 
0.86% 
0.93% 
1.01% 
1.07% 
1.13% 
1.15% 
1.21% 
1.23% 
1.26% 
1.27% 
1.28% 
1.28% 
1.30% 
1.30% 
1.31% 
1.31% 
2004.Q4 
0.00% 
0.00% 
0.02% 
0.06% 
0.08% 
0.22% 
0.44% 
0.45% 
0.57% 
0.65% 
0.78% 
0.87% 
0.96% 
1.02% 
1.13% 
1.17% 
1.22% 
1.26% 
1.27% 
1.29% 
1.30% 
1.31% 
1.32% 
1.32% 
1.33% 
1.34% 
1.34% 
2005.Q1 
0.00% 
0.00% 
0.02% 
0.07% 
0.10% 
0.19% 
0.26% 
0.37% 
0.51% 
0.56% 
0.63% 
0.69% 
0.79% 
0.86% 
0.92% 
0.99% 
1.02% 
1.07% 
1.10% 
1.14% 
1.16% 
1.17% 
1.18% 
1.19% 
1.19% 
1.19% 
1.19% 
2005.Q2 
0.00% 
0.00% 
0.03% 
0.07% 
0.11% 
0.18% 
0.28% 
0.37% 
0.43% 
0.54% 
0.57% 
0.65% 
0.73% 
0.75% 
0.81% 
0.89% 
0.93% 
0.93% 
0.93% 
0.97% 
0.99% 
0.98% 
1.00% 
1.01% 
1.01% 
1.03% 
1.03% 
2005.Q3 
0.00% 
0.00% 
0.00% 
0.03% 
0.07% 
0.16% 
0.19% 
0.25% 
0.31% 
0.37% 
0.45% 
0.50% 
0.54% 
0.63% 
0.68% 
0.73% 
0.76% 
0.82% 
0.87% 
0.90% 
0.90% 
0.92% 
0.92% 
0.93% 
0.93% 
0.96% 
0.96% 
2005.Q4 
0.00% 
0.00% 
0.01% 
0.02% 
0.05% 
0.20% 
0.25% 
0.39% 
0.44% 
0.51% 
0.59% 
0.66% 
0.79% 
0.84% 
0.87% 
0.93% 
0.95% 
0.96% 
0.99% 
1.02% 
1.04% 
1.05% 
1.05% 
1.06% 
1.06% 
1.09% 
1.09% 
2006.Q1 
0.00% 
0.00% 
0.00% 
0.03% 
0.08% 
0.10% 
0.15% 
0.23% 
0.35% 
0.37% 
0.40% 
0.60% 
0.70% 
0.80% 
0.83% 
0.85% 
0.86% 
0.92% 
0.96% 
0.99% 
0.99% 
0.99% 
0.99% 
1.03% 
1.03% 
1.07% 
1.07% 
2006.Q2 
0.00% 
0.00% 
0.00% 
0.01% 
0.06% 
0.11% 
0.20% 
0.23% 
0.27% 
0.39% 
0.42% 
0.57% 
0.68% 
0.78% 
0.84% 
0.92% 
0.97% 
1.00% 
1.01% 
1.05% 
1.05% 
1.05% 
1.07% 
1.10% 
1.10% 
1.10% 
1.10% 
2006.Q3 
0.00% 
0.00% 
0.00% 
0.02% 
0.08% 
0.21% 
0.28% 
0.37% 
0.45% 
0.54% 
0.76% 
0.99% 
1.11% 
1.18% 
1.26% 
1.39% 
1.44% 
1.48% 
1.50% 
1.52% 
1.52% 
1.52% 
1.53% 
1.55% 
1.56% 
1.56% 
1.56% 
2006.Q4 
0.00% 
0.00% 
0.00% 
0.05% 
0.08% 
0.11% 
0.16% 
0.31% 
0.40% 
0.57% 
0.75% 
0.96% 
1.07% 
1.15% 
1.25% 
1.29% 
1.33% 
1.32% 
1.33% 
1.38% 
1.38% 
1.39% 
1.40% 
1.41% 
1.41% 
1.43% 
1.43% 
2007.Q1 
0.00% 
0.00% 
0.00% 
0.03% 
0.07% 
0.11% 
0.15% 
0.26% 
0.39% 
0.52% 
0.63% 
0.79% 
0.90% 
1.06% 
1.14% 
1.20% 
1.22% 
1.26% 
1.29% 
1.32% 
1.35% 
1.36% 
1.38% 
1.41% 
1.42% 
1.42% 
1.42% 
2007.Q2 
0.00% 
0.00% 
0.00% 
0.04% 
0.08% 
0.15% 
0.26% 
0.49% 
0.76% 
0.97% 
1.12% 
1.29% 
1.46% 
1.55% 
1.60% 
1.66% 
1.68% 
1.72% 
1.73% 
1.73% 
1.77% 
1.77% 
1.78% 
1.79% 
1.80% 
1.80% 
1.80% 
2007.Q3 
0.00% 
0.00% 
0.00% 
0.02% 
0.05% 
0.19% 
0.29% 
0.43% 
0.54% 
0.65% 
0.72% 
0.87% 
0.98% 
1.08% 
1.10% 
1.13% 
1.16% 
1.18% 
1.23% 
1.29% 
1.29% 
1.33% 
1.34% 
1.39% 
1.39% 
1.39% 
1.39% 
2007.Q4 
0.00% 
0.00% 
0.00% 
0.02% 
0.09% 
0.19% 
0.29% 
0.53% 
0.63% 
0.71% 
0.92% 
1.05% 
1.24% 
1.30% 
1.28% 
1.40% 
1.46% 
1.52% 
1.53% 
1.58% 
1.59% 
1.60% 
1.61% 
1.61% 
1.62% 
1.64% 
1.64% 
2008.Q1 
0.00% 
0.00% 
0.00% 
0.02% 
0.07% 
0.20% 
0.41% 
0.54% 
0.64% 
0.82% 
0.93% 
1.11% 
1.21% 
1.28% 
1.33% 
1.37% 
1.40% 
1.51% 
1.52% 
1.56% 
1.57% 
1.57% 
1.58% 
1.59% 
1.59% 
1.61% 
1.61% 
2008.Q2 
0.00% 
0.00% 
0.01% 
0.03% 
0.11% 
0.22% 
0.44% 
0.58% 
0.71% 
0.91% 
1.03% 
1.12% 
1.24% 
1.35% 
1.40% 
1.46% 
1.52% 
1.59% 
1.62% 
1.66% 
1.66% 
1.66% 
1.68% 
1.71% 
1.71% 
1.71% 
1.71% 
2008.Q3 
0.00% 
0.00% 
0.01% 
0.06% 
0.17% 
0.30% 
0.36% 
0.45% 
0.52% 
0.60% 
0.72% 
0.83% 
0.93% 
0.97% 
1.08% 
1.21% 
1.27% 
1.30% 
1.34% 
1.37% 
1.39% 
1.40% 
1.42% 
1.43% 
1.45% 
1.46% 
1.46% 
2008.Q4 
0.00% 
0.02% 
0.02% 
0.05% 
0.08% 
0.13% 
0.21% 
0.37% 
0.51% 
0.58% 
0.52% 
0.66% 
0.76% 
0.81% 
0.88% 
0.92% 
0.96% 
0.99% 
0.99% 
1.06% 
1.08% 
1.10% 
1.10% 
1.12% 
1.12% 
1.13% 
1.13% 
2009.Q1 
0.00% 
0.00% 
0.01% 
0.01% 
0.01% 
0.04% 
0.10% 
0.21% 
0.25% 
0.27% 
0.29% 
0.36% 
0.40% 
0.47% 
0.50% 
0.56% 
0.56% 
0.59% 
0.63% 
0.64% 
0.65% 
0.66% 
0.67% 
0.68% 
0.68% 
0.69% 
0.69% 
2009.Q2 
0.00% 
0.00% 
0.00% 
0.03% 
0.05% 
0.16% 
0.25% 
0.31% 
0.40% 
0.45% 
0.52% 
0.62% 
0.73% 
0.77% 
0.83% 
0.87% 
0.89% 
0.91% 
0.93% 
0.96% 
0.98% 
0.99% 
1.00% 
1.01% 
1.02% 
1.04% 
1.04% 
2009.Q3 
0.00% 
0.00% 
0.01% 
0.02% 
0.05% 
0.08% 
0.13% 
0.16% 
0.18% 
0.26% 
0.35% 
0.49% 
0.62% 
0.70% 
0.75% 
0.81% 
0.84% 
0.88% 
0.92% 
0.93% 
0.94% 
0.94% 
0.95% 
0.96% 
0.96% 
0.97% 
0.97% 
2009.Q4 
0.00% 
0.00% 
0.00% 
0.03% 
0.09% 
0.12% 
0.19% 
0.23% 
0.27% 
0.38% 
0.48% 
0.58% 
0.74% 
0.79% 
0.82% 
0.87% 
0.90% 
0.91% 
0.92% 
0.93% 
0.93% 
0.94% 
0.96% 
0.97% 
0.98% 
0.99% 
0.99% 
2010.Q1 
0.00% 
0.00% 
0.00% 
0.01% 
0.05% 
0.09% 
0.17% 
0.23% 
0.29% 
0.32% 
0.45% 
0.59% 
0.71% 
0.76% 
0.81% 
0.88% 
0.91% 
0.94% 
0.96% 
0.98% 
1.00% 
1.01% 
1.02% 
1.03% 
1.03% 
1.04% 
1.04% 
2010.Q2 
0.00% 
0.00% 
0.00% 
0.01% 
0.05% 
0.07% 
0.14% 
0.20% 
0.30% 
0.36% 
0.43% 
0.58% 
0.68% 
0.76% 
0.80% 
0.85% 
0.86% 
0.87% 
0.88% 
0.92% 
0.94% 
0.95% 
0.96% 
0.98% 
0.98% 
0.98% 
0.98% 
2010.Q3 
0.00% 
0.00% 
0.00% 
0.01% 
0.03% 
0.09% 
0.15% 
0.25% 
0.30% 
0.36% 
0.42% 
0.49% 
0.63% 
0.74% 
0.81% 
0.82% 
0.83% 
0.85% 
0.88% 
0.88% 
0.90% 
0.90% 
0.91% 
0.92% 
0.92% 
0.92% 
0.92% 
2010.Q4 
0.00% 
0.00% 
0.00% 
0.01% 
0.03% 
0.10% 
0.12% 
0.16% 
0.24% 
0.29% 
0.34% 
0.42% 
0.50% 
0.57% 
0.61% 
0.63% 
0.64% 
0.68% 
0.69% 
0.70% 
0.71% 
0.71% 
0.71% 
0.73% 
0.73% 
0.73% 
0.73% 
2011.Q1 
0.00% 
0.00% 
0.00% 
0.02% 
0.04% 
0.07% 
0.11% 
0.20% 
0.29% 
0.35% 
0.41% 
0.55% 
0.68% 
0.73% 
0.81% 
0.84% 
0.86% 
0.87% 
0.88% 
0.88% 
0.89% 
0.92% 
0.92% 
0.93% 
0.93% 
0.93% 
0.93% 
2011.Q2 
0.00% 
0.00% 
0.00% 
0.02% 
0.05% 
0.08% 
0.13% 
0.17% 
0.20% 
0.25% 
0.36% 
0.46% 
0.52% 
0.57% 
0.62% 
0.73% 
0.73% 
0.76% 
0.77% 
0.78% 
0.78% 
0.78% 
0.80% 
0.80% 
0.80% 
0.80% 
0.80% 
2011.Q3 
0.00% 
0.00% 
0.02% 
0.03% 
0.05% 
0.10% 
0.14% 
0.17% 
0.23% 
0.32% 
0.40% 
0.47% 
0.54% 
0.62% 
0.69% 
0.72% 
0.77% 
0.78% 
0.78% 
0.80% 
0.81% 
0.81% 
0.83% 
0.83% 
0.83% 
0.83% 
0.83% 
2011.Q4 
0.00% 
0.00% 
0.00% 
0.01% 
0.02% 
0.05% 
0.08% 
0.11% 
0.19% 
0.27% 
0.32% 
0.39% 
0.48% 
0.57% 
0.59% 
0.64% 
0.64% 
0.68% 
0.71% 
0.73% 
0.74% 
0.74% 
0.74% 
0.74% 
0.74% 
0.76% 
0.76% 
2012.Q1 
0.00% 
0.00% 
0.00% 
0.02% 
0.02% 
0.07% 
0.11% 
0.16% 
0.20% 
0.24% 
0.35% 
0.42% 
0.52% 
0.55% 
0.59% 
0.62% 
0.66% 
0.67% 
0.68% 
0.69% 
0.70% 
0.71% 
0.71% 
0.71% 
0.71% 
0.73% 
0.73% 
2012.Q2 
0.00% 
0.00% 
0.00% 
0.01% 
0.04% 
0.08% 
0.18% 
0.25% 
0.30% 
0.37% 
0.44% 
0.55% 
0.63% 
0.69% 
0.71% 
0.74% 
0.74% 
0.76% 
0.78% 
0.79% 
0.80% 
0.80% 
0.80% 
0.80% 
0.80% 
0.81% 
0.81% 
2012.Q3 
0.00% 
0.00% 
0.00% 
0.01% 
0.04% 
0.10% 
0.15% 
0.19% 
0.23% 
0.30% 
0.43% 
0.48% 
0.58% 
0.59% 
0.62% 
0.65% 
0.65% 
0.66% 
0.68% 
0.69% 
0.69% 
0.68% 
0.69% 
0.68% 
0.68% 
0.69% 
0.69% 
2012.Q4 
0.00% 
0.00% 
0.00% 
0.02% 
0.04% 
0.10% 
0.15% 
0.21% 
0.25% 
0.30% 
0.31% 
0.38% 
0.44% 
0.48% 
0.51% 
0.53% 
0.60% 
0.60% 
0.61% 
0.61% 
0.62% 
0.61% 
0.62% 
0.62% 
0.62% 
0.63% 
0.63% 
2013.Q1 
0.00% 
0.00% 
0.00% 
0.00% 
0.05% 
0.09% 
0.12% 
0.19% 
0.26% 
0.33% 
0.42% 
0.49% 
0.54% 
0.60% 
0.63% 
0.67% 
0.66% 
0.67% 
0.69% 
0.70% 
0.70% 
0.70% 
0.70% 
0.70% 
0.70% 
0.70% 
0.70% 
2013.Q2 
0.00% 
0.00% 
0.00% 
0.01% 
0.04% 
0.10% 
0.15% 
0.21% 
0.28% 
0.36% 
0.42% 
0.50% 
0.56% 
0.59% 
0.64% 
0.67% 
0.71% 
0.72% 
0.73% 
0.74% 
0.76% 
0.76% 
0.77% 
0.77% 
0.77% 
0.78% 
0.78% 
2013.Q3 
0.00% 
0.00% 
0.01% 
0.02% 
0.05% 
0.12% 
0.17% 
0.21% 
0.27% 
0.28% 
0.35% 
0.40% 
0.45% 
0.50% 
0.54% 
0.57% 
0.57% 
0.58% 
0.58% 
0.58% 
0.58% 
0.58% 
0.58% 
0.59% 
0.59% 
0.59% 
0.59% 
2013.Q4 
0.00% 
0.00% 
0.01% 
0.02% 
0.03% 
0.06% 
0.11% 
0.24% 
0.27% 
0.35% 
0.39% 
0.49% 
0.57% 
0.60% 
0.62% 
0.62% 
0.63% 
0.64% 
0.65% 
0.67% 
0.67% 
0.67% 
0.67% 
0.67% 
0.67% 
0.68% 
0.68% 
2014.Q1 
0.00% 
0.00% 
0.00% 
0.00% 
0.03% 
0.03% 
0.06% 
0.09% 
0.13% 
0.16% 
0.22% 
0.30% 
0.39% 
0.42% 
0.43% 
0.45% 
0.46% 
0.47% 
0.48% 
0.48% 
0.48% 
0.48% 
0.49% 
0.49% 
0.49% 
0.49% 
0.49% 
2014.Q2 
0.00% 
0.00% 
0.00% 
-0.01% 
0.00% 
0.02% 
0.04% 
0.07% 
0.11% 
0.16% 
0.22% 
0.28% 
0.35% 
0.39% 
0.43% 
0.44% 
0.46% 
0.46% 
0.47% 
0.47% 
0.48% 
0.48% 
0.49% 
0.49% 
0.49% 
0.49% 
0.49% 
2014.Q3 
0.00% 
0.00% 
0.00% 
0.00% 
0.00% 
0.06% 
0.17% 
0.21% 
0.30% 
0.38% 
0.48% 
0.56% 
0.62% 
0.66% 
0.68% 
0.73% 
0.74% 
0.74% 
0.75% 
0.76% 
0.76% 
0.77% 
0.78% 
0.78% 
0.78% 
0.78% 
0.78% 
2014.Q4 
0.00% 
0.00% 
0.00% 
0.01% 
0.02% 
0.06% 
0.08% 
0.11% 
0.18% 
0.27% 
0.36% 
0.40% 
0.47% 
0.48% 
0.52% 
0.53% 
0.54% 
0.55% 
0.56% 
0.57% 
0.57% 
0.57% 
0.57% 
0.57% 
0.57% 
0.57% 
0.57% 
2015.Q1 
0.00% 
0.00% 
0.00% 
0.00% 
0.02% 
0.06% 
0.09% 
0.13% 
0.15% 
0.23% 
0.28% 
0.35% 
0.40% 
0.42% 
0.43% 
0.46% 
0.47% 
0.50% 
0.52% 
0.52% 
0.52% 
0.53% 
0.53% 
0.53% 
0.53% 
0.53% 
0.53% 
2015.Q2 
0.00% 
0.00% 
0.00% 
0.02% 
0.02% 
0.03% 
0.12% 
0.17% 
0.19% 
0.24% 
0.28% 
0.33% 
0.36% 
0.39% 
0.40% 
0.43% 
0.45% 
0.45% 
0.44% 
0.45% 
0.45% 
0.46% 
0.46% 
0.46% 
0.46% 
0.46% 
0.46% 
2015.Q3 
0.00% 
0.00% 
0.00% 
0.00% 
-0.01% 
0.04% 
0.09% 
0.14% 
0.22% 
0.25% 
0.27% 
0.30% 
0.34% 
0.39% 
0.44% 
0.50% 
0.52% 
0.53% 
0.54% 
0.54% 
0.54% 
0.54% 
0.55% 
0.55% 
0.55% 
0.55% 
0.55% 
2015.Q4 
0.00% 
0.00% 
0.00% 
0.01% 
0.06% 
0.07% 
0.17% 
0.21% 
0.29% 
0.34% 
0.36% 
0.42% 
0.52% 
0.54% 
0.63% 
0.64% 
0.65% 
0.67% 
0.70% 
0.70% 
0.71% 
0.71% 
0.70% 
0.71% 
0.71% 
0.71% 
0.71%

--- Page 190 ---
- 179 - 
 
 
Cohort 
Year/Qrt 
00 
Mths 
03 
Mths 
06 
Mths 
09 
Mths 
 12 
Mths 
 15 
Mths 
 18 
Mths 
 21 
Mths 
 24 
Mths 
 27 
Mths 
 30 
Mths 
 33 
Mths 
 36 
Mths 
 39 
Mths 
 42 
Mths 
 45 
Mths 
 48 
Mths 
 51 
Mths 
 54 
Mths 
 57 
Mths 
 60 
Mths 
 63 
Mths 
 66 
Mths 
 69 
Mths 
 72 
Mths 
 75 
Mths 
 78 
Mths 
2016.Q1 
0.00% 
0.00% 
0.00% 
0.00% 
0.03% 
0.07% 
0.08% 
0.13% 
0.16% 
0.18% 
0.23% 
0.25% 
0.29% 
0.36% 
0.41% 
0.44% 
0.46% 
0.47% 
0.48% 
0.48% 
0.48% 
0.50% 
0.50% 
0.50% 
0.50% 
0.50% 
0.50% 
2016.Q2 
0.00% 
0.00% 
0.00% 
0.01% 
0.02% 
0.04% 
0.07% 
0.11% 
0.17% 
0.19% 
0.24% 
0.27% 
0.40% 
0.44% 
0.46% 
0.46% 
0.46% 
0.47% 
0.47% 
0.48% 
0.47% 
0.45% 
0.46% 
0.46% 
0.46% 
0.46% 
0.46% 
2016.Q3 
0.00% 
0.00% 
0.00% 
0.00% 
0.02% 
0.06% 
0.07% 
0.10% 
0.15% 
0.15% 
0.25% 
0.46% 
0.54% 
0.59% 
0.63% 
0.64% 
0.65% 
0.65% 
0.66% 
0.66% 
0.66% 
0.66% 
0.66% 
0.66% 
0.67% 
0.67% 
0.67% 
2016.Q4 
0.00% 
0.00% 
0.00% 
0.00% 
-0.01% 
0.01% 
0.06% 
0.09% 
0.18% 
0.25% 
0.36% 
0.44% 
0.54% 
0.60% 
0.62% 
0.63% 
0.63% 
0.63% 
0.63% 
0.64% 
0.64% 
0.65% 
0.65% 
0.65% 
0.65% 
0.65% 
0.65% 
2017.Q1 
0.00% 
0.00% 
0.00% 
0.01% 
0.01% 
0.03% 
0.04% 
0.09% 
0.14% 
0.20% 
0.28% 
0.35% 
0.39% 
0.42% 
0.42% 
0.43% 
0.43% 
0.46% 
0.46% 
0.46% 
0.46% 
0.47% 
0.47% 
0.47% 
0.47% 
0.47% 
0.47% 
2017.Q2 
0.00% 
0.00% 
0.00% 
0.02% 
0.03% 
0.05% 
0.05% 
0.09% 
0.23% 
0.27% 
0.35% 
0.38% 
0.43% 
0.47% 
0.51% 
0.52% 
0.55% 
0.54% 
0.54% 
0.54% 
0.53% 
0.53% 
0.53% 
0.53% 
0.53% 
0.53% 
  
2017.Q3 
0.00% 
0.00% 
0.01% 
0.01% 
0.04% 
0.07% 
0.17% 
0.29% 
0.37% 
0.43% 
0.49% 
0.53% 
0.54% 
0.60% 
0.60% 
0.67% 
0.68% 
0.70% 
0.70% 
0.71% 
0.71% 
0.71% 
0.72% 
0.73% 
0.73% 
  
  
2017.Q4 
0.00% 
0.00% 
0.00% 
0.00% 
0.01% 
0.07% 
0.20% 
0.24% 
0.30% 
0.33% 
0.36% 
0.40% 
0.46% 
0.51% 
0.55% 
0.56% 
0.56% 
0.58% 
0.57% 
0.58% 
0.58% 
0.58% 
0.58% 
0.58% 
  
  
  
2018.Q1 
0.00% 
0.00% 
0.01% 
0.01% 
0.02% 
0.18% 
0.21% 
0.28% 
0.33% 
0.39% 
0.43% 
0.50% 
0.51% 
0.58% 
0.61% 
0.63% 
0.66% 
0.67% 
0.68% 
0.70% 
0.70% 
0.71% 
0.71% 
  
  
  
  
2018.Q2 
0.00% 
0.00% 
0.01% 
0.02% 
0.08% 
0.17% 
0.32% 
0.40% 
0.47% 
0.69% 
0.83% 
0.84% 
0.90% 
0.91% 
0.99% 
1.03% 
1.08% 
1.11% 
1.13% 
1.13% 
1.13% 
1.13% 
  
  
  
  
  
2018.Q3 
0.00% 
0.00% 
0.00% 
0.00% 
0.02% 
0.27% 
0.44% 
0.52% 
0.55% 
0.61% 
0.63% 
0.68% 
0.70% 
0.74% 
0.74% 
0.76% 
0.77% 
0.77% 
0.77% 
0.79% 
0.79% 
  
  
  
  
  
  
2018.Q4 
0.00% 
0.00% 
0.00% 
0.27% 
0.34% 
0.41% 
0.57% 
0.59% 
0.71% 
0.73% 
0.82% 
0.83% 
0.87% 
0.91% 
0.96% 
0.96% 
0.97% 
0.99% 
1.00% 
1.02% 
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
2019.Q1 
0.00% 
0.00% 
0.00% 
0.01% 
0.05% 
0.14% 
0.24% 
0.34% 
0.37% 
0.51% 
0.57% 
0.60% 
0.64% 
0.65% 
0.66% 
0.70% 
0.71% 
0.72% 
0.72% 
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
2019.Q2 
0.00% 
0.00% 
0.00% 
0.01% 
0.09% 
0.12% 
0.18% 
0.21% 
0.23% 
0.27% 
0.33% 
0.35% 
0.37% 
0.41% 
0.43% 
0.44% 
0.44% 
0.45% 
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
2019.Q3 
0.00% 
0.00% 
0.01% 
0.02% 
0.06% 
0.12% 
0.13% 
0.20% 
0.25% 
0.29% 
0.37% 
0.41% 
0.40% 
0.43% 
0.45% 
0.46% 
0.46% 
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
2019.Q4 
0.00% 
0.00% 
0.00% 
0.00% 
0.02% 
0.03% 
0.24% 
0.29% 
0.32% 
0.37% 
0.41% 
0.45% 
0.45% 
0.47% 
0.49% 
0.50% 
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
2020.Q1 
0.00% 
0.00% 
0.00% 
0.00% 
0.01% 
0.06% 
0.09% 
0.11% 
0.12% 
0.15% 
0.16% 
0.16% 
0.18% 
0.18% 
0.17% 
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
2020.Q2 
0.00% 
0.00% 
0.00% 
0.00% 
0.01% 
0.04% 
0.02% 
0.02% 
0.11% 
0.11% 
0.14% 
0.17% 
0.17% 
0.17% 
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
2020.Q3 
0.00% 
0.00% 
0.00% 
0.01% 
0.02% 
0.15% 
0.19% 
0.29% 
0.33% 
0.37% 
0.42% 
0.42% 
0.42% 
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
2020.Q4 
0.00% 
0.00% 
0.00% 
0.02% 
0.02% 
0.03% 
0.19% 
0.29% 
0.36% 
0.40% 
0.46% 
0.47% 
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
2021.Q1 
0.00% 
0.00% 
0.00% 
-0.01% 
-0.01% 
0.04% 
0.01% 
0.07% 
0.11% 
0.13% 
0.14% 
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
2021.Q2 
0.00% 
0.00% 
0.00% 
0.00% 
0.01% 
0.04% 
0.08% 
0.12% 
0.16% 
0.16% 
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
2021.Q3 
0.00% 
0.00% 
0.00% 
0.00% 
0.05% 
0.05% 
0.10% 
0.12% 
0.14% 
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
2021.Q4 
0.00% 
0.00% 
0.00% 
0.01% 
0.03% 
0.09% 
0.19% 
0.20% 
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
2022.Q1 
0.00% 
0.00% 
0.00% 
0.01% 
0.03% 
0.09% 
0.11% 
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
2022.Q2 
0.00% 
0.00% 
0.00% 
0.00% 
0.00% 
0.02% 
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
2022.Q3 
0.00% 
0.00% 
0.00% 
0.00% 
0.02% 
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
2022.Q4 
0.00% 
0.00% 
0.00% 
0.00% 
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
2023.Q1 
0.00% 
0.00% 
0.00% 
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
2023.Q2 
0.00% 
0.00% 
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
2023.Q3 
0.00% 
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
0.00% 
0.00% 
0.00% 
0.00% 
0.00% 
0.00% 
0.00% 
0.00% 
0.00% 
0.00% 
0.00% 
0.00% 
0.00% 
0.00% 
0.00% 
0.00% 
0.00% 
0.00% 
0.00% 
0.00% 
0.00% 
0.00% 
0.00% 
0.00% 
0.00% 
0.00%

--- Page 191 ---
- 180 -

--- Page 192 ---
- 181 - 
 
 
4. 
Static Net Loss Data – Lp (New Cars) 
Cohort 
Year/Qrt 
00 
Mths 
03 
Mths 
06 
Mths 
09 
Mths 
 12 
Mths 
 15 
Mths 
 18 
Mths 
 21 
Mths 
 24 
Mths 
 27 
Mths 
 30 
Mths 
 33 
Mths 
 36 
Mths 
 39 
Mths 
 42 
Mths 
 45 
Mths 
 48 
Mths 
 51 
Mths 
 54 
Mths 
 57 
Mths 
 60 
Mths 
 63 
Mths 
 66 
Mths 
 69 
Mths 
 72 
Mths 
 75 
Mths 
 78 
Mths 
2002.Q3 
0.00% 
0.00% 
0.00% 
0.17% 
0.18% 
0.30% 
0.30% 
0.30% 
0.52% 
0.53% 
0.60% 
0.58% 
0.72% 
0.93% 
1.04% 
1.17% 
1.22% 
1.23% 
1.26% 
1.30% 
1.30% 
1.30% 
1.30% 
1.30% 
1.30% 
1.30% 
1.30% 
2002.Q4 
0.00% 
0.00% 
0.00% 
0.01% 
0.03% 
0.07% 
0.07% 
0.08% 
0.20% 
0.38% 
0.45% 
0.52% 
0.60% 
0.85% 
0.87% 
1.02% 
1.02% 
1.02% 
1.02% 
1.22% 
1.22% 
1.22% 
1.22% 
1.22% 
1.22% 
1.22% 
1.22% 
2003.Q1 
0.00% 
0.00% 
0.00% 
0.01% 
0.02% 
0.02% 
0.03% 
0.07% 
0.10% 
0.12% 
0.24% 
0.36% 
0.43% 
0.49% 
0.52% 
0.53% 
0.62% 
0.64% 
0.64% 
0.64% 
0.64% 
0.64% 
0.64% 
0.64% 
0.64% 
0.64% 
0.64% 
2003.Q2 
0.00% 
0.00% 
0.00% 
0.00% 
-0.01% 
0.00% 
0.01% 
0.01% 
0.11% 
0.14% 
0.19% 
0.36% 
0.51% 
0.53% 
0.58% 
0.62% 
0.67% 
0.68% 
0.67% 
0.73% 
0.73% 
0.73% 
0.73% 
0.73% 
0.73% 
0.80% 
0.80% 
2003.Q3 
0.00% 
0.00% 
0.00% 
0.14% 
0.14% 
0.20% 
0.20% 
0.22% 
0.37% 
0.53% 
0.70% 
0.95% 
1.00% 
1.05% 
1.15% 
1.20% 
1.21% 
1.23% 
1.23% 
1.23% 
1.23% 
1.23% 
1.23% 
1.23% 
1.23% 
1.23% 
1.23% 
2003.Q4 
0.00% 
0.00% 
0.00% 
0.02% 
0.04% 
0.05% 
0.08% 
0.21% 
0.29% 
0.39% 
0.42% 
0.54% 
0.72% 
0.76% 
0.74% 
0.86% 
0.90% 
0.96% 
0.97% 
0.99% 
0.99% 
0.99% 
0.99% 
1.02% 
1.02% 
1.02% 
1.02% 
2004.Q1 
0.00% 
0.00% 
0.00% 
0.00% 
0.03% 
0.05% 
0.10% 
0.37% 
0.46% 
0.53% 
0.60% 
0.66% 
0.78% 
0.84% 
0.86% 
0.93% 
0.98% 
0.96% 
0.96% 
0.99% 
1.02% 
1.02% 
1.02% 
1.02% 
1.02% 
1.02% 
1.02% 
2004.Q2 
0.00% 
0.00% 
0.01% 
0.01% 
0.11% 
0.11% 
0.11% 
0.37% 
0.43% 
0.69% 
0.71% 
0.77% 
0.75% 
0.75% 
0.84% 
0.88% 
0.92% 
0.96% 
0.97% 
1.04% 
1.10% 
1.10% 
1.10% 
1.10% 
1.10% 
1.14% 
1.14% 
2004.Q3 
0.00% 
0.00% 
0.03% 
0.05% 
0.09% 
0.12% 
0.29% 
0.31% 
0.45% 
0.53% 
0.54% 
0.58% 
0.56% 
0.51% 
0.53% 
0.52% 
0.61% 
0.75% 
0.81% 
0.86% 
0.92% 
0.92% 
1.03% 
1.05% 
1.05% 
1.09% 
1.09% 
2004.Q4 
0.00% 
0.00% 
0.00% 
0.01% 
0.07% 
0.18% 
0.26% 
0.30% 
0.35% 
0.43% 
0.47% 
0.66% 
0.72% 
0.74% 
0.73% 
0.75% 
0.77% 
0.83% 
0.83% 
0.98% 
0.98% 
0.98% 
0.98% 
0.98% 
0.98% 
0.98% 
0.98% 
2005.Q1 
0.00% 
0.00% 
0.00% 
0.03% 
0.13% 
0.23% 
0.30% 
0.33% 
0.40% 
0.49% 
0.47% 
0.45% 
0.44% 
0.47% 
0.50% 
0.66% 
0.71% 
0.82% 
0.81% 
0.89% 
0.91% 
0.91% 
0.94% 
0.94% 
0.94% 
0.94% 
0.94% 
2005.Q2 
0.00% 
0.00% 
0.00% 
0.01% 
0.01% 
0.02% 
0.22% 
0.25% 
0.31% 
0.31% 
0.32% 
0.61% 
0.60% 
0.66% 
0.76% 
0.94% 
0.96% 
0.99% 
0.96% 
1.05% 
1.05% 
1.05% 
1.05% 
1.05% 
1.05% 
1.10% 
1.10% 
2005.Q3 
0.00% 
0.00% 
0.00% 
0.02% 
0.07% 
0.23% 
0.39% 
0.46% 
0.53% 
0.58% 
0.65% 
0.62% 
0.64% 
0.98% 
1.12% 
1.41% 
1.38% 
1.34% 
1.34% 
1.43% 
1.43% 
1.43% 
1.43% 
1.43% 
1.43% 
1.43% 
1.43% 
2005.Q4 
0.00% 
0.00% 
0.01% 
0.01% 
0.03% 
0.07% 
0.08% 
0.10% 
0.10% 
0.17% 
0.28% 
0.36% 
0.51% 
0.79% 
0.84% 
0.93% 
0.97% 
0.96% 
0.96% 
1.41% 
1.43% 
1.43% 
1.43% 
1.47% 
1.47% 
1.47% 
1.47% 
2006.Q1 
0.00% 
0.00% 
0.06% 
0.06% 
0.09% 
0.11% 
0.22% 
0.26% 
0.36% 
0.53% 
0.57% 
0.64% 
0.84% 
0.88% 
0.80% 
0.82% 
0.93% 
0.92% 
0.92% 
1.08% 
1.20% 
1.20% 
1.20% 
1.20% 
1.20% 
1.24% 
1.24% 
2006.Q2 
0.00% 
0.00% 
0.00% 
0.04% 
0.05% 
0.05% 
0.09% 
0.18% 
0.23% 
0.41% 
0.55% 
0.67% 
0.94% 
1.05% 
0.93% 
0.99% 
1.09% 
1.26% 
1.30% 
1.43% 
1.47% 
1.47% 
1.47% 
1.47% 
1.47% 
1.51% 
1.51% 
2006.Q3 
0.00% 
0.00% 
0.06% 
0.09% 
0.11% 
0.15% 
0.26% 
0.29% 
0.30% 
0.61% 
0.94% 
1.33% 
1.60% 
1.55% 
1.62% 
1.92% 
2.07% 
2.08% 
2.09% 
2.13% 
2.19% 
2.19% 
2.22% 
2.29% 
2.36% 
2.36% 
2.36% 
2006.Q4 
0.00% 
0.00% 
0.04% 
0.07% 
0.10% 
0.16% 
0.25% 
0.32% 
0.41% 
0.46% 
0.63% 
0.76% 
0.88% 
0.95% 
1.08% 
1.30% 
1.57% 
1.60% 
1.60% 
1.66% 
1.66% 
1.66% 
1.66% 
1.66% 
1.66% 
1.66% 
1.66% 
2007.Q1 
0.00% 
0.00% 
0.02% 
0.12% 
0.19% 
0.23% 
0.39% 
0.43% 
0.69% 
0.95% 
1.28% 
1.41% 
1.50% 
1.74% 
1.86% 
2.10% 
2.24% 
2.35% 
2.40% 
2.44% 
2.63% 
2.66% 
2.66% 
2.66% 
2.66% 
2.66% 
2.66% 
2007.Q2 
0.00% 
0.00% 
0.04% 
0.07% 
0.13% 
0.15% 
0.21% 
0.50% 
0.77% 
1.34% 
1.42% 
1.55% 
1.70% 
1.83% 
1.93% 
2.02% 
2.07% 
2.24% 
2.32% 
2.44% 
2.44% 
2.44% 
2.44% 
2.44% 
2.44% 
2.53% 
2.53% 
2007.Q3 
0.00% 
0.00% 
0.00% 
0.05% 
0.05% 
0.09% 
0.15% 
0.33% 
0.60% 
0.70% 
0.70% 
0.87% 
0.92% 
1.16% 
1.30% 
1.37% 
1.47% 
1.60% 
1.61% 
1.67% 
1.71% 
1.86% 
1.86% 
1.86% 
1.86% 
1.86% 
1.86% 
2007.Q4 
0.00% 
0.00% 
0.04% 
0.04% 
0.03% 
0.12% 
0.35% 
0.74% 
1.11% 
1.13% 
1.65% 
1.71% 
1.79% 
1.87% 
1.98% 
2.07% 
2.13% 
2.21% 
2.35% 
2.44% 
2.58% 
2.58% 
2.58% 
2.58% 
2.58% 
2.58% 
2.58% 
2008.Q1 
0.00% 
0.00% 
0.00% 
0.20% 
0.28% 
0.42% 
0.78% 
1.11% 
1.28% 
1.47% 
1.52% 
1.59% 
1.76% 
1.82% 
1.87% 
2.03% 
2.17% 
2.27% 
2.31% 
2.34% 
2.42% 
2.42% 
2.42% 
2.42% 
2.42% 
2.45% 
2.45% 
2008.Q2 
0.00% 
0.00% 
0.00% 
0.00% 
0.34% 
0.64% 
0.98% 
1.16% 
2.34% 
2.43% 
2.51% 
2.65% 
2.77% 
3.07% 
3.60% 
3.83% 
4.04% 
4.13% 
4.15% 
4.20% 
4.20% 
4.20% 
4.20% 
4.20% 
4.20% 
4.20% 
4.20% 
2008.Q3 
0.00% 
0.00% 
0.03% 
1.05% 
1.47% 
1.54% 
1.65% 
2.82% 
2.85% 
2.89% 
2.99% 
3.28% 
3.39% 
4.01% 
4.24% 
4.30% 
4.76% 
4.86% 
4.87% 
4.90% 
4.90% 
4.90% 
4.90% 
4.90% 
4.90% 
4.95% 
4.95% 
2008.Q4 
0.00% 
0.00% 
0.10% 
0.25% 
0.81% 
1.09% 
1.10% 
1.45% 
2.31% 
3.39% 
3.81% 
3.92% 
5.37% 
5.68% 
5.71% 
5.97% 
6.07% 
6.10% 
6.08% 
6.21% 
6.27% 
6.27% 
6.27% 
6.27% 
6.27% 
6.27% 
6.27% 
2009.Q1 
0.00% 
0.00% 
0.00% 
0.54% 
0.54% 
0.86% 
0.86% 
0.91% 
0.89% 
0.93% 
0.93% 
1.01% 
0.81% 
0.93% 
1.14% 
1.13% 
1.17% 
1.19% 
1.22% 
1.41% 
1.41% 
1.41% 
1.41% 
1.41% 
1.41% 
1.41% 
1.41% 
2009.Q2 
0.00% 
0.01% 
0.01% 
0.07% 
0.07% 
0.08% 
0.12% 
0.32% 
0.32% 
1.36% 
1.31% 
1.36% 
1.47% 
1.82% 
2.05% 
2.08% 
3.27% 
3.24% 
3.24% 
3.40% 
3.40% 
3.40% 
3.40% 
3.40% 
3.40% 
3.40% 
3.40% 
2009.Q3 
0.00% 
0.00% 
0.00% 
0.07% 
0.07% 
0.06% 
0.06% 
0.19% 
0.19% 
0.22% 
0.22% 
0.40% 
0.56% 
0.83% 
0.79% 
0.79% 
0.78% 
0.88% 
0.81% 
0.83% 
0.83% 
0.83% 
0.83% 
0.83% 
0.83% 
0.83% 
0.83% 
2009.Q4 
0.00% 
0.00% 
0.00% 
0.00% 
0.06% 
0.04% 
0.04% 
0.04% 
0.04% 
0.04% 
0.03% 
0.14% 
0.22% 
0.60% 
0.67% 
1.59% 
1.61% 
1.75% 
1.70% 
1.71% 
1.71% 
1.71% 
1.71% 
1.71% 
1.71% 
1.71% 
1.71% 
2010.Q1 
0.00% 
0.00% 
0.85% 
1.10% 
0.95% 
0.93% 
0.93% 
1.06% 
1.06% 
1.06% 
1.06% 
1.22% 
1.43% 
1.48% 
1.61% 
1.59% 
1.59% 
1.59% 
1.59% 
1.88% 
1.88% 
1.88% 
1.88% 
1.88% 
1.88% 
1.88% 
1.88% 
2010.Q2 
0.00% 
0.00% 
0.00% 
0.00% 
0.00% 
0.02% 
0.17% 
0.17% 
0.17% 
0.19% 
0.24% 
0.39% 
0.80% 
0.99% 
1.06% 
1.00% 
1.02% 
1.02% 
1.13% 
1.21% 
1.42% 
1.42% 
1.42% 
1.42% 
1.42% 
1.42% 
1.42% 
2010.Q3 
0.00% 
0.00% 
0.00% 
0.00% 
0.05% 
0.05% 
0.08% 
0.19% 
0.19% 
0.19% 
0.19% 
0.35% 
0.49% 
1.30% 
1.75% 
1.75% 
1.74% 
2.04% 
2.01% 
2.25% 
2.30% 
2.30% 
2.30% 
2.30% 
2.30% 
2.30% 
2.30% 
2010.Q4 
0.00% 
0.00% 
0.00% 
0.00% 
0.17% 
0.14% 
0.14% 
0.23% 
0.23% 
0.28% 
0.35% 
0.33% 
0.40% 
0.76% 
0.78% 
0.96% 
1.19% 
1.32% 
1.31% 
1.31% 
1.31% 
1.31% 
1.31% 
1.31% 
1.31% 
1.31% 
1.31% 
2011.Q1 
0.00% 
0.00% 
0.00% 
0.00% 
0.00% 
0.04% 
0.04% 
0.15% 
0.12% 
0.14% 
0.14% 
0.36% 
0.33% 
0.48% 
0.70% 
0.94% 
1.71% 
1.75% 
1.78% 
1.78% 
1.85% 
1.85% 
1.85% 
1.85% 
1.85% 
1.85% 
1.85% 
2011.Q2 
0.00% 
0.00% 
0.00% 
0.00% 
0.00% 
0.05% 
0.09% 
0.10% 
0.10% 
0.16% 
0.26% 
0.26% 
0.42% 
0.93% 
1.06% 
1.38% 
1.39% 
1.37% 
1.38% 
1.38% 
1.38% 
1.38% 
1.38% 
1.38% 
1.38% 
1.38% 
1.38% 
2011.Q3 
0.00% 
0.00% 
0.00% 
0.00% 
0.00% 
0.00% 
0.03% 
0.31% 
0.26% 
0.26% 
0.28% 
0.28% 
0.48% 
0.49% 
0.51% 
0.60% 
0.68% 
0.73% 
0.73% 
0.73% 
0.80% 
0.80% 
0.80% 
0.80% 
0.80% 
0.80% 
0.80% 
2011.Q4 
0.00% 
0.00% 
0.00% 
0.05% 
0.05% 
0.03% 
0.08% 
0.08% 
0.05% 
0.05% 
0.05% 
0.05% 
0.12% 
0.49% 
0.71% 
0.72% 
0.72% 
0.72% 
0.72% 
0.72% 
0.72% 
0.72% 
0.72% 
0.72% 
0.72% 
0.72% 
0.72% 
2012.Q1 
0.00% 
0.00% 
0.00% 
0.00% 
0.14% 
0.14% 
0.10% 
0.15% 
0.24% 
0.27% 
0.31% 
0.41% 
0.43% 
0.49% 
0.49% 
0.50% 
0.51% 
0.50% 
0.54% 
0.54% 
0.54% 
0.54% 
0.54% 
0.54% 
0.54% 
0.54% 
0.54% 
2012.Q2 
0.00% 
0.00% 
0.00% 
0.00% 
0.00% 
0.00% 
0.00% 
0.02% 
0.02% 
0.04% 
0.04% 
0.04% 
0.25% 
0.36% 
0.36% 
0.37% 
0.39% 
0.38% 
0.38% 
0.38% 
0.38% 
0.38% 
0.38% 
0.38% 
0.38% 
0.40% 
0.40% 
2012.Q3 
0.00% 
0.00% 
0.00% 
0.00% 
0.00% 
0.00% 
0.01% 
0.34% 
0.34% 
0.34% 
0.37% 
0.89% 
0.78% 
0.79% 
0.82% 
0.82% 
1.39% 
1.44% 
1.44% 
1.44% 
1.44% 
1.44% 
1.44% 
1.44% 
1.44% 
1.44% 
1.44% 
2012.Q4 
0.00% 
0.00% 
0.00% 
0.08% 
0.08% 
0.17% 
0.17% 
0.17% 
0.17% 
0.18% 
0.18% 
0.38% 
0.40% 
0.40% 
0.38% 
0.33% 
0.53% 
0.50% 
0.50% 
0.50% 
0.50% 
0.50% 
0.50% 
0.50% 
0.50% 
0.50% 
0.50% 
2013.Q1 
0.00% 
0.00% 
0.00% 
0.00% 
0.00% 
0.19% 
0.19% 
0.19% 
0.19% 
0.19% 
0.36% 
0.99% 
1.01% 
1.03% 
1.03% 
1.03% 
0.98% 
0.97% 
0.99% 
0.99% 
0.99% 
0.99% 
0.99% 
0.99% 
0.99% 
1.30% 
1.30% 
2013.Q2 
0.00% 
0.00% 
0.00% 
0.00% 
0.00% 
0.05% 
0.05% 
-0.01% 
-0.01% 
0.08% 
0.04% 
0.04% 
0.07% 
0.02% 
0.04% 
0.04% 
0.06% 
-0.04% 
-0.06% 
-0.06% 
-0.06% 
-0.06% 
-0.06% 
-0.06% 
-0.06% 
-0.06% 
-0.06% 
2013.Q3 
0.00% 
0.00% 
0.00% 
0.00% 
0.07% 
0.07% 
0.07% 
0.07% 
0.09% 
0.13% 
0.14% 
0.33% 
0.33% 
0.33% 
0.38% 
0.40% 
0.35% 
0.37% 
0.37% 
0.37% 
0.37% 
0.37% 
0.37% 
0.37% 
0.37% 
0.37% 
0.37% 
2013.Q4 
0.00% 
0.00% 
0.00% 
0.00% 
0.00% 
0.00% 
0.00% 
0.00% 
0.00% 
0.01% 
0.01% 
0.01% 
-0.02% 
0.23% 
0.23% 
0.30% 
0.29% 
0.29% 
0.29% 
0.33% 
0.33% 
0.33% 
0.33% 
0.33% 
0.33% 
0.33% 
0.33% 
2014.Q1 
0.00% 
0.00% 
0.00% 
0.00% 
0.00% 
0.00% 
0.00% 
0.00% 
0.00% 
0.00% 
0.00% 
0.00% 
0.42% 
0.46% 
0.46% 
0.51% 
0.50% 
0.51% 
0.52% 
0.52% 
0.52% 
0.52% 
0.52% 
0.52% 
0.57% 
0.57% 
0.57% 
2014.Q2 
0.00% 
0.00% 
0.00% 
0.00% 
0.00% 
0.00% 
0.00% 
0.39% 
0.47% 
0.48% 
0.60% 
0.60% 
0.60% 
0.60% 
0.65% 
0.56% 
0.56% 
0.56% 
0.63% 
0.63% 
0.66% 
0.66% 
0.66% 
0.66% 
0.66% 
0.66% 
0.66% 
2014.Q3 
0.00% 
0.00% 
0.00% 
0.00% 
0.22% 
0.22% 
0.33% 
0.33% 
0.33% 
0.47% 
0.65% 
0.76% 
0.79% 
0.77% 
0.85% 
0.85% 
0.91% 
1.00% 
1.00% 
1.00% 
1.00% 
1.00% 
1.04% 
1.04% 
1.04% 
1.04% 
1.04% 
2014.Q4 
0.00% 
0.00% 
0.00% 
0.00% 
0.01% 
0.07% 
0.07% 
0.12% 
0.11% 
0.11% 
0.11% 
0.11% 
0.11% 
0.22% 
0.25% 
0.36% 
0.42% 
0.43% 
0.65% 
0.67% 
0.82% 
0.92% 
0.94% 
0.94% 
0.94% 
0.94% 
0.94% 
2015.Q1 
0.00% 
0.00% 
0.00% 
0.00% 
0.00% 
0.00% 
0.00% 
0.00% 
0.00% 
0.18% 
0.11% 
0.27% 
0.32% 
0.36% 
0.42% 
0.55% 
0.55% 
0.55% 
0.64% 
0.65% 
0.65% 
0.65% 
0.65% 
0.65% 
0.65% 
0.65% 
0.65% 
2015.Q2 
0.00% 
-0.01% 
-0.01% 
-0.01% 
-0.01% 
-0.01% 
-0.01% 
0.16% 
0.16% 
0.19% 
0.22% 
0.22% 
0.32% 
0.32% 
0.40% 
0.49% 
0.58% 
0.65% 
0.69% 
0.69% 
0.69% 
0.69% 
0.69% 
0.69% 
0.69% 
0.69% 
0.69% 
2015.Q3 
0.00% 
0.00% 
0.00% 
0.00% 
0.00% 
0.00% 
0.00% 
0.00% 
0.18% 
2.08% 
1.90% 
1.90% 
2.02% 
2.02% 
2.00% 
2.03% 
2.10% 
2.10% 
2.32% 
2.32% 
2.32% 
2.32% 
2.32% 
2.32% 
2.32% 
2.32% 
2.32% 
2015.Q4 
0.00% 
0.00% 
0.00% 
0.00% 
0.00% 
0.21% 
0.21% 
0.19% 
0.30% 
0.92% 
1.33% 
1.33% 
1.33% 
1.65% 
1.75% 
1.82% 
1.82% 
1.74% 
2.01% 
2.01% 
2.01% 
2.01% 
2.01% 
2.01% 
2.01% 
2.01% 
2.01% 
2016.Q1 
0.00% 
0.00% 
0.00% 
0.00% 
0.00% 
0.00% 
0.00% 
0.00% 
0.00% 
0.32% 
0.33% 
0.23% 
0.23% 
0.57% 
0.61% 
0.61% 
0.66% 
0.66% 
0.66% 
0.66% 
1.24% 
1.24% 
1.24% 
1.24% 
1.24% 
1.24% 
1.24% 
2016.Q2 
0.00% 
0.00% 
0.00% 
0.00% 
0.04% 
0.02% 
0.36% 
0.36% 
0.36% 
0.36% 
0.36% 
0.36% 
0.35% 
0.40% 
0.44% 
0.49% 
0.45% 
0.56% 
0.50% 
1.59% 
1.59% 
1.59% 
1.59% 
1.59% 
1.59% 
1.59% 
1.59%

--- Page 193 ---
- 182 - 
 
 
Cohort 
Year/Qrt 
00 
Mths 
03 
Mths 
06 
Mths 
09 
Mths 
 12 
Mths 
 15 
Mths 
 18 
Mths 
 21 
Mths 
 24 
Mths 
 27 
Mths 
 30 
Mths 
 33 
Mths 
 36 
Mths 
 39 
Mths 
 42 
Mths 
 45 
Mths 
 48 
Mths 
 51 
Mths 
 54 
Mths 
 57 
Mths 
 60 
Mths 
 63 
Mths 
 66 
Mths 
 69 
Mths 
 72 
Mths 
 75 
Mths 
 78 
Mths 
2016.Q3 
0.00% 
0.00% 
0.00% 
0.00% 
0.00% 
0.00% 
0.00% 
0.00% 
0.00% 
0.55% 
0.51% 
0.51% 
0.50% 
0.82% 
1.02% 
1.15% 
1.15% 
1.13% 
1.13% 
1.43% 
1.43% 
1.43% 
1.43% 
1.45% 
1.45% 
1.45% 
1.45% 
2016.Q4 
0.00% 
0.00% 
0.00% 
0.00% 
0.00% 
0.00% 
0.00% 
0.07% 
0.01% 
0.01% 
0.83% 
0.81% 
0.82% 
0.82% 
0.82% 
1.34% 
1.27% 
1.27% 
1.27% 
1.28% 
1.28% 
1.28% 
1.28% 
1.28% 
1.28% 
1.28% 
1.28% 
2017.Q1 
0.00% 
0.00% 
0.00% 
0.00% 
0.00% 
0.00% 
0.00% 
0.00% 
0.00% 
0.00% 
0.00% 
0.27% 
0.27% 
0.60% 
0.98% 
0.98% 
0.98% 
1.34% 
1.34% 
1.58% 
1.58% 
1.58% 
1.58% 
1.58% 
1.58% 
1.58% 
1.58% 
2017.Q2 
0.00% 
0.00% 
0.00% 
0.00% 
0.00% 
0.00% 
0.00% 
0.00% 
0.10% 
0.12% 
0.12% 
0.12% 
0.12% 
0.12% 
0.12% 
0.14% 
0.14% 
0.14% 
0.14% 
0.15% 
0.45% 
0.45% 
0.45% 
0.45% 
0.45% 
0.45% 
  
2017.Q3 
0.00% 
0.00% 
0.00% 
0.00% 
0.00% 
0.00% 
0.07% 
0.47% 
0.51% 
0.51% 
0.51% 
0.51% 
0.50% 
0.51% 
0.51% 
0.81% 
0.81% 
0.81% 
0.93% 
1.21% 
1.40% 
1.40% 
1.40% 
1.40% 
1.40% 
  
  
2017.Q4 
0.00% 
0.00% 
0.00% 
0.00% 
0.00% 
0.00% 
0.00% 
0.12% 
0.12% 
0.12% 
0.22% 
0.53% 
0.53% 
0.53% 
0.45% 
0.69% 
0.69% 
0.75% 
0.75% 
1.19% 
1.19% 
1.19% 
1.19% 
1.19% 
  
  
  
2018.Q1 
0.00% 
0.00% 
0.00% 
0.00% 
0.00% 
0.39% 
0.34% 
0.51% 
0.59% 
0.55% 
0.55% 
0.55% 
0.53% 
0.57% 
0.52% 
0.69% 
0.69% 
0.69% 
0.69% 
0.69% 
0.69% 
0.69% 
0.69% 
  
  
  
  
2018.Q2 
0.00% 
0.00% 
0.00% 
0.00% 
0.04% 
0.09% 
0.09% 
0.10% 
0.34% 
0.58% 
0.83% 
1.40% 
1.63% 
1.64% 
1.64% 
1.64% 
1.64% 
1.56% 
1.56% 
1.56% 
1.56% 
1.56% 
  
  
  
  
  
2018.Q3 
0.00% 
0.00% 
0.16% 
0.09% 
0.09% 
0.29% 
0.22% 
0.22% 
0.22% 
0.22% 
0.22% 
0.18% 
0.13% 
0.16% 
0.35% 
0.26% 
0.26% 
0.26% 
0.26% 
1.17% 
1.29% 
  
  
  
  
  
  
2018.Q4 
0.00% 
0.00% 
0.00% 
0.00% 
0.00% 
0.00% 
0.00% 
0.00% 
0.06% 
0.02% 
0.38% 
0.38% 
0.31% 
0.39% 
0.38% 
0.38% 
0.38% 
0.38% 
0.38% 
0.59% 
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
2019.Q1 
0.00% 
0.00% 
0.00% 
0.00% 
0.17% 
0.21% 
0.19% 
0.42% 
0.39% 
0.35% 
0.32% 
0.32% 
0.25% 
0.25% 
0.25% 
0.22% 
0.22% 
0.22% 
0.22% 
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
2019.Q2 
0.00% 
0.00% 
0.00% 
0.00% 
0.16% 
0.16% 
0.16% 
0.16% 
0.27% 
0.27% 
0.28% 
0.37% 
0.34% 
0.34% 
0.34% 
0.40% 
0.40% 
0.40% 
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
2019.Q3 
0.00% 
0.00% 
0.00% 
0.00% 
0.36% 
0.36% 
0.36% 
0.33% 
0.30% 
0.30% 
0.30% 
0.30% 
0.30% 
0.30% 
0.30% 
0.38% 
0.38% 
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
2019.Q4 
0.00% 
0.00% 
0.00% 
0.00% 
-0.01% 
-0.01% 
0.43% 
0.42% 
0.45% 
0.45% 
0.70% 
0.70% 
0.70% 
0.70% 
0.70% 
0.60% 
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
2020.Q1 
0.00% 
0.00% 
0.00% 
0.00% 
0.00% 
-0.02% 
0.06% 
0.06% 
0.06% 
0.06% 
0.06% 
0.06% 
0.16% 
0.16% 
0.22% 
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
2020.Q2 
0.00% 
0.00% 
0.00% 
0.00% 
0.00% 
0.00% 
0.00% 
0.00% 
0.46% 
0.56% 
0.81% 
0.81% 
0.81% 
0.81% 
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
2020.Q3 
0.00% 
0.00% 
0.00% 
0.00% 
0.00% 
0.00% 
0.00% 
0.00% 
0.09% 
0.09% 
0.21% 
0.17% 
0.17% 
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
2020.Q4 
0.00% 
0.00% 
0.00% 
0.00% 
0.00% 
0.03% 
0.03% 
0.00% 
0.00% 
0.00% 
0.00% 
-0.03% 
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
2021.Q1 
0.00% 
0.00% 
0.00% 
0.00% 
0.00% 
0.00% 
0.00% 
0.01% 
-0.02% 
-0.02% 
-0.02% 
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
2021.Q2 
0.00% 
0.00% 
0.00% 
0.00% 
-0.02% 
-0.01% 
0.02% 
0.00% 
0.08% 
0.08% 
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
2021.Q3 
0.00% 
0.00% 
0.00% 
0.03% 
0.03% 
0.00% 
0.00% 
-0.02% 
-0.02% 
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
2021.Q4 
0.00% 
0.00% 
0.00% 
-0.02% 
-0.02% 
0.23% 
0.23% 
0.23% 
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
2022.Q1 
0.00% 
0.00% 
0.00% 
0.00% 
0.06% 
0.04% 
0.04% 
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
2022.Q2 
0.00% 
0.00% 
0.00% 
0.00% 
0.00% 
0.00% 
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
2022.Q3 
0.00% 
0.00% 
0.00% 
0.00% 
0.00% 
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
2022.Q4 
0.00% 
0.00% 
0.00% 
0.00% 
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
2023.Q1 
0.00% 
0.00% 
0.00% 
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
2023.Q2 
0.00% 
0.00% 
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
2023.Q3 
0.00% 
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
0.00% 
0.00% 
0.00% 
0.00% 
0.00% 
0.00% 
0.00% 
0.00% 
0.00% 
0.00% 
0.00% 
0.00% 
0.00% 
0.00% 
0.00% 
0.00% 
0.00% 
0.00% 
0.00% 
0.00% 
0.00% 
0.00% 
0.00% 
0.00% 
0.00% 
0.00%

--- Page 194 ---
- 183 -

--- Page 195 ---
- 184 - 
 
 
5. 
Static Net Loss Data – Lp (Used Cars) 
Cohort 
Year/Qrt 
00 
Mths 
03 
Mths 
06 
Mths 
09 
Mths 
 12 
Mths 
 15 
Mths 
 18 
Mths 
 21 
Mths 
 24 
Mths 
 27 
Mths 
 30 
Mths 
 33 
Mths 
 36 
Mths 
 39 
Mths 
 42 
Mths 
 45 
Mths 
 48 
Mths 
 51 
Mths 
 54 
Mths 
 57 
Mths 
 60 
Mths 
 63 
Mths 
 66 
Mths 
 69 
Mths 
 72 
Mths 
 75 
Mths 
 78 
Mths 
2002.Q3 
0.00% 
0.00% 
0.02% 
0.03% 
0.07% 
0.07% 
0.10% 
0.10% 
0.14% 
0.27% 
0.38% 
0.73% 
0.88% 
1.06% 
1.51% 
1.79% 
1.90% 
1.91% 
1.88% 
1.88% 
1.88% 
1.88% 
1.88% 
1.88% 
1.88% 
1.88% 
1.88% 
2002.Q4 
0.00% 
0.00% 
0.00% 
0.00% 
0.04% 
0.08% 
0.31% 
0.62% 
0.72% 
0.86% 
0.93% 
1.09% 
1.27% 
1.71% 
1.83% 
2.16% 
2.23% 
2.25% 
2.25% 
2.25% 
2.25% 
2.23% 
2.23% 
2.23% 
2.23% 
2.23% 
2.23% 
2003.Q1 
0.00% 
0.00% 
0.04% 
0.04% 
0.12% 
0.18% 
0.21% 
0.42% 
0.46% 
0.48% 
0.79% 
0.96% 
1.23% 
1.69% 
1.85% 
2.03% 
2.32% 
2.33% 
2.33% 
2.37% 
2.37% 
2.37% 
2.37% 
2.37% 
2.37% 
2.37% 
2.37% 
2003.Q2 
0.00% 
0.00% 
0.00% 
0.00% 
0.05% 
0.22% 
0.30% 
0.43% 
0.50% 
0.62% 
0.78% 
1.17% 
1.35% 
1.50% 
1.64% 
1.68% 
1.82% 
1.89% 
1.89% 
2.09% 
2.09% 
2.09% 
2.14% 
2.14% 
2.14% 
2.14% 
2.14% 
2003.Q3 
0.00% 
0.00% 
0.00% 
0.04% 
0.20% 
0.27% 
0.48% 
0.64% 
0.74% 
0.86% 
1.11% 
1.29% 
1.53% 
1.87% 
2.01% 
2.18% 
2.20% 
2.54% 
2.61% 
2.73% 
2.73% 
2.78% 
2.78% 
2.78% 
2.78% 
2.78% 
2.78% 
2003.Q4 
0.00% 
0.00% 
0.02% 
0.05% 
0.08% 
0.08% 
0.33% 
0.40% 
0.50% 
0.72% 
0.80% 
0.96% 
1.22% 
1.43% 
1.48% 
1.52% 
1.53% 
1.61% 
1.61% 
1.61% 
1.61% 
1.61% 
1.61% 
1.61% 
1.61% 
1.61% 
1.61% 
2004.Q1 
0.00% 
0.00% 
0.00% 
0.03% 
0.03% 
0.08% 
0.19% 
0.21% 
0.29% 
0.47% 
0.61% 
0.82% 
1.07% 
1.44% 
1.51% 
1.56% 
1.58% 
1.66% 
1.67% 
1.72% 
1.72% 
1.72% 
1.84% 
1.84% 
1.90% 
1.90% 
1.90% 
2004.Q2 
0.00% 
0.00% 
0.01% 
0.02% 
0.12% 
0.15% 
0.18% 
0.30% 
0.51% 
0.71% 
0.81% 
0.96% 
1.09% 
1.23% 
1.30% 
1.39% 
1.40% 
1.59% 
1.61% 
1.62% 
1.64% 
1.64% 
1.64% 
1.64% 
1.65% 
1.65% 
1.65% 
2004.Q3 
0.00% 
0.00% 
0.05% 
0.08% 
0.13% 
0.16% 
0.28% 
0.35% 
0.42% 
0.52% 
0.69% 
0.78% 
0.97% 
1.06% 
1.24% 
1.30% 
1.35% 
1.53% 
1.63% 
1.68% 
1.75% 
1.75% 
1.97% 
1.97% 
1.97% 
1.97% 
1.97% 
2004.Q4 
0.00% 
0.00% 
0.00% 
0.01% 
0.09% 
0.27% 
0.33% 
0.60% 
0.95% 
1.07% 
1.26% 
1.50% 
1.62% 
1.79% 
2.08% 
2.15% 
2.34% 
2.53% 
2.62% 
2.94% 
3.14% 
3.14% 
3.14% 
3.14% 
3.14% 
3.14% 
3.14% 
2005.Q1 
0.00% 
0.00% 
0.00% 
0.00% 
0.03% 
0.15% 
0.23% 
0.28% 
0.45% 
0.56% 
0.70% 
0.77% 
0.85% 
1.11% 
1.23% 
1.45% 
1.70% 
1.85% 
1.91% 
1.94% 
1.97% 
1.97% 
1.97% 
1.97% 
2.26% 
2.26% 
2.26% 
2005.Q2 
0.00% 
0.00% 
0.00% 
0.01% 
0.18% 
0.28% 
0.36% 
0.53% 
0.71% 
0.77% 
0.83% 
0.90% 
1.08% 
1.12% 
1.29% 
1.43% 
1.57% 
1.65% 
1.63% 
1.68% 
1.76% 
1.77% 
1.77% 
1.77% 
1.79% 
1.79% 
1.79% 
2005.Q3 
0.00% 
0.00% 
0.01% 
0.06% 
0.06% 
0.09% 
0.19% 
0.20% 
0.26% 
0.34% 
0.38% 
0.45% 
0.70% 
1.05% 
1.34% 
1.62% 
1.74% 
1.82% 
1.82% 
1.90% 
1.93% 
1.93% 
1.93% 
1.93% 
1.93% 
2.02% 
2.02% 
2005.Q4 
0.00% 
0.00% 
0.00% 
0.03% 
0.12% 
0.19% 
0.27% 
0.32% 
0.38% 
0.39% 
0.48% 
0.81% 
1.24% 
1.70% 
2.08% 
2.24% 
2.27% 
2.44% 
2.52% 
2.67% 
2.75% 
2.75% 
2.75% 
2.75% 
2.75% 
2.81% 
2.81% 
2006.Q1 
0.00% 
0.00% 
0.02% 
0.02% 
0.09% 
0.14% 
0.19% 
0.24% 
0.28% 
0.47% 
0.65% 
0.88% 
1.23% 
1.79% 
1.92% 
2.03% 
2.10% 
2.19% 
2.19% 
2.28% 
2.37% 
2.37% 
2.37% 
2.37% 
2.37% 
2.37% 
2.37% 
2006.Q2 
0.00% 
0.00% 
0.01% 
0.01% 
0.05% 
0.06% 
0.13% 
0.20% 
0.26% 
0.32% 
0.53% 
0.77% 
1.21% 
1.47% 
1.60% 
1.65% 
1.71% 
1.80% 
1.89% 
2.00% 
2.01% 
2.01% 
2.01% 
2.01% 
2.01% 
2.01% 
2.01% 
2006.Q3 
0.00% 
0.00% 
0.00% 
0.04% 
0.17% 
0.27% 
0.38% 
0.41% 
0.59% 
0.72% 
1.09% 
1.82% 
2.12% 
2.45% 
2.65% 
2.72% 
2.76% 
2.87% 
2.93% 
2.98% 
2.99% 
2.99% 
2.99% 
2.99% 
2.99% 
3.09% 
3.09% 
2006.Q4 
0.00% 
0.00% 
0.03% 
0.07% 
0.18% 
0.25% 
0.32% 
0.33% 
0.69% 
1.31% 
1.79% 
2.06% 
2.31% 
2.52% 
2.68% 
2.81% 
2.94% 
3.05% 
3.09% 
3.11% 
3.14% 
3.14% 
3.14% 
3.14% 
3.14% 
3.14% 
3.14% 
2007.Q1 
0.00% 
0.00% 
0.00% 
0.05% 
0.14% 
0.34% 
0.37% 
0.56% 
0.94% 
1.42% 
1.66% 
1.88% 
2.21% 
2.46% 
2.75% 
2.90% 
3.01% 
3.10% 
3.25% 
3.37% 
3.41% 
3.41% 
3.41% 
3.41% 
3.41% 
3.41% 
3.41% 
2007.Q2 
0.00% 
0.00% 
0.03% 
0.06% 
0.08% 
0.18% 
0.41% 
0.84% 
1.24% 
1.50% 
1.75% 
1.98% 
2.41% 
2.62% 
2.82% 
3.03% 
3.20% 
3.29% 
3.29% 
3.35% 
3.48% 
3.48% 
3.48% 
3.48% 
3.48% 
3.53% 
3.53% 
2007.Q3 
0.00% 
0.00% 
0.00% 
0.03% 
0.07% 
0.28% 
0.70% 
0.93% 
1.17% 
1.42% 
1.69% 
2.07% 
2.45% 
2.78% 
2.95% 
3.16% 
3.28% 
3.39% 
3.50% 
3.54% 
3.54% 
3.54% 
3.54% 
3.57% 
3.57% 
3.57% 
3.57% 
2007.Q4 
0.00% 
0.00% 
0.00% 
0.02% 
0.09% 
0.36% 
0.50% 
0.72% 
0.84% 
0.94% 
1.12% 
1.49% 
1.90% 
2.31% 
2.45% 
2.79% 
2.87% 
3.07% 
3.20% 
3.47% 
3.54% 
3.54% 
3.54% 
3.54% 
3.54% 
3.54% 
3.54% 
2008.Q1 
0.00% 
0.00% 
0.00% 
0.06% 
0.20% 
0.65% 
0.79% 
1.23% 
1.63% 
1.74% 
2.01% 
2.35% 
2.80% 
3.13% 
3.45% 
3.68% 
3.95% 
4.36% 
4.43% 
4.62% 
4.67% 
4.67% 
4.70% 
4.70% 
4.72% 
4.75% 
4.75% 
2008.Q2 
0.00% 
0.00% 
0.00% 
0.13% 
0.53% 
0.86% 
1.76% 
2.16% 
2.26% 
2.53% 
2.73% 
2.96% 
3.36% 
3.88% 
4.28% 
4.51% 
4.80% 
4.92% 
5.01% 
5.22% 
5.24% 
5.24% 
5.26% 
5.26% 
5.26% 
5.27% 
5.27% 
2008.Q3 
0.00% 
0.00% 
0.00% 
0.01% 
0.04% 
0.14% 
0.25% 
0.47% 
0.65% 
0.95% 
1.10% 
1.53% 
2.00% 
2.65% 
2.97% 
3.11% 
3.38% 
3.54% 
3.59% 
3.64% 
3.68% 
3.68% 
3.68% 
3.68% 
3.68% 
3.68% 
3.68% 
2008.Q4 
0.00% 
0.00% 
0.00% 
0.00% 
0.05% 
0.17% 
0.61% 
0.76% 
0.82% 
0.85% 
0.93% 
1.03% 
1.42% 
1.93% 
2.33% 
2.41% 
2.46% 
2.43% 
2.45% 
2.60% 
2.62% 
2.62% 
2.62% 
2.62% 
2.62% 
2.62% 
2.62% 
2009.Q1 
0.00% 
0.00% 
0.00% 
0.00% 
-0.01% 
0.08% 
0.17% 
0.33% 
0.35% 
0.30% 
0.44% 
0.55% 
0.69% 
0.76% 
0.77% 
0.89% 
0.90% 
0.89% 
0.90% 
1.00% 
1.00% 
1.00% 
1.00% 
1.00% 
1.02% 
1.01% 
1.01% 
2009.Q2 
0.00% 
0.00% 
0.00% 
0.03% 
0.03% 
0.07% 
0.23% 
0.27% 
0.28% 
0.42% 
1.64% 
1.67% 
1.82% 
2.11% 
2.15% 
2.14% 
2.27% 
2.34% 
2.37% 
2.41% 
2.41% 
2.41% 
2.41% 
2.41% 
2.41% 
2.41% 
2.41% 
2009.Q3 
0.00% 
0.00% 
0.00% 
0.07% 
0.13% 
0.29% 
0.31% 
0.35% 
0.40% 
0.51% 
0.55% 
0.69% 
1.02% 
1.18% 
1.22% 
1.31% 
1.33% 
1.33% 
1.35% 
1.39% 
1.39% 
1.39% 
1.39% 
1.39% 
1.39% 
1.39% 
1.39% 
2009.Q4 
0.00% 
0.00% 
0.00% 
0.03% 
0.03% 
0.13% 
0.14% 
0.24% 
0.31% 
0.37% 
0.46% 
0.57% 
0.83% 
1.12% 
1.22% 
1.27% 
1.32% 
1.32% 
1.32% 
1.39% 
1.39% 
1.39% 
1.43% 
1.43% 
1.43% 
1.43% 
1.43% 
2010.Q1 
0.00% 
0.00% 
0.00% 
0.02% 
0.02% 
0.04% 
0.06% 
0.11% 
0.13% 
0.21% 
0.32% 
0.46% 
0.73% 
0.91% 
0.91% 
1.01% 
1.04% 
1.06% 
1.06% 
1.07% 
1.08% 
1.08% 
1.08% 
1.08% 
1.08% 
1.15% 
1.15% 
2010.Q2 
0.00% 
0.00% 
0.02% 
0.02% 
0.03% 
0.02% 
0.14% 
0.26% 
0.28% 
0.42% 
0.47% 
0.58% 
0.72% 
0.83% 
0.97% 
1.00% 
1.01% 
1.00% 
1.00% 
1.02% 
1.10% 
1.10% 
1.10% 
1.10% 
1.10% 
1.10% 
1.10% 
2010.Q3 
0.00% 
0.00% 
0.00% 
0.03% 
0.05% 
0.06% 
0.09% 
0.11% 
0.13% 
0.14% 
0.22% 
0.30% 
0.49% 
0.79% 
0.86% 
0.94% 
1.03% 
1.06% 
1.07% 
1.10% 
1.15% 
1.15% 
1.15% 
1.15% 
1.15% 
1.15% 
1.15% 
2010.Q4 
0.00% 
0.00% 
0.02% 
0.03% 
0.16% 
0.44% 
0.47% 
0.51% 
0.58% 
0.70% 
0.75% 
0.80% 
0.97% 
1.08% 
1.13% 
1.21% 
1.22% 
1.46% 
1.30% 
1.45% 
1.45% 
1.45% 
1.45% 
1.45% 
1.45% 
1.45% 
1.45% 
2011.Q1 
0.00% 
0.00% 
0.00% 
0.01% 
0.07% 
0.07% 
0.08% 
0.19% 
0.28% 
0.32% 
0.46% 
0.55% 
0.71% 
0.69% 
0.83% 
0.85% 
0.91% 
0.92% 
0.97% 
1.01% 
1.01% 
1.01% 
1.01% 
1.01% 
1.01% 
1.01% 
1.01% 
2011.Q2 
0.00% 
0.00% 
0.04% 
-0.01% 
-0.05% 
-0.02% 
-0.02% 
0.02% 
0.06% 
0.08% 
0.22% 
0.33% 
0.46% 
0.58% 
0.67% 
0.89% 
0.87% 
1.04% 
1.04% 
1.04% 
1.06% 
1.06% 
1.06% 
1.06% 
1.06% 
1.06% 
1.06% 
2011.Q3 
0.00% 
0.00% 
0.00% 
0.02% 
0.05% 
0.06% 
0.16% 
0.23% 
0.39% 
0.48% 
0.63% 
0.65% 
0.76% 
0.82% 
0.87% 
0.93% 
1.05% 
1.05% 
1.04% 
1.12% 
1.14% 
1.14% 
1.14% 
1.14% 
1.14% 
1.14% 
1.14% 
2011.Q4 
0.00% 
0.00% 
0.00% 
0.00% 
0.00% 
0.03% 
0.08% 
0.10% 
0.12% 
0.16% 
0.31% 
0.39% 
0.48% 
0.56% 
0.71% 
0.87% 
1.02% 
1.08% 
1.08% 
1.16% 
1.16% 
1.16% 
1.16% 
1.16% 
1.16% 
1.16% 
1.16% 
2012.Q1 
0.00% 
0.00% 
0.00% 
0.01% 
0.04% 
0.07% 
0.11% 
0.15% 
0.38% 
0.68% 
0.78% 
0.89% 
1.08% 
1.09% 
1.12% 
1.32% 
1.38% 
1.37% 
1.42% 
1.51% 
1.52% 
1.52% 
1.52% 
1.52% 
1.52% 
1.52% 
1.52% 
2012.Q2 
0.00% 
0.00% 
0.00% 
0.02% 
0.04% 
0.06% 
0.08% 
0.09% 
0.34% 
0.35% 
0.40% 
0.48% 
0.49% 
0.61% 
0.65% 
0.68% 
0.71% 
0.74% 
0.71% 
0.71% 
0.71% 
0.71% 
0.71% 
0.71% 
0.71% 
0.76% 
0.76% 
2012.Q3 
0.00% 
0.00% 
0.01% 
0.02% 
0.04% 
0.20% 
0.23% 
0.28% 
0.32% 
0.56% 
0.59% 
0.71% 
0.83% 
0.95% 
1.08% 
1.10% 
1.08% 
1.13% 
1.14% 
1.14% 
1.14% 
1.14% 
1.14% 
1.14% 
1.14% 
1.15% 
1.15% 
2012.Q4 
0.00% 
0.00% 
0.00% 
0.00% 
0.01% 
0.04% 
0.06% 
0.07% 
0.07% 
0.13% 
0.15% 
0.26% 
0.37% 
0.43% 
0.50% 
0.62% 
0.63% 
0.64% 
0.65% 
0.66% 
0.66% 
0.66% 
0.66% 
0.66% 
0.66% 
0.73% 
0.73% 
2013.Q1 
0.00% 
0.00% 
0.00% 
0.02% 
0.02% 
0.01% 
0.03% 
0.09% 
0.12% 
0.18% 
0.21% 
0.28% 
0.41% 
0.53% 
0.55% 
0.64% 
0.61% 
0.62% 
0.61% 
0.61% 
0.61% 
0.61% 
0.61% 
0.61% 
0.61% 
0.62% 
0.62% 
2013.Q2 
0.00% 
0.00% 
0.00% 
0.00% 
0.02% 
0.02% 
0.12% 
0.24% 
0.30% 
0.35% 
0.40% 
0.58% 
0.66% 
0.71% 
0.67% 
0.69% 
0.68% 
0.68% 
0.68% 
0.69% 
0.69% 
0.69% 
0.69% 
0.69% 
0.69% 
0.75% 
0.75% 
2013.Q3 
0.00% 
0.00% 
0.02% 
0.06% 
0.06% 
0.09% 
0.10% 
0.14% 
0.20% 
0.22% 
0.33% 
0.44% 
0.62% 
0.68% 
0.77% 
0.84% 
0.83% 
0.84% 
0.84% 
0.84% 
0.84% 
0.84% 
0.84% 
0.84% 
0.84% 
0.84% 
0.84% 
2013.Q4 
0.00% 
0.00% 
0.00% 
0.00% 
0.01% 
0.01% 
0.01% 
0.01% 
0.01% 
0.01% 
0.03% 
0.05% 
0.13% 
0.19% 
0.27% 
0.29% 
0.33% 
0.19% 
0.20% 
0.20% 
0.20% 
0.20% 
0.20% 
0.20% 
0.20% 
0.20% 
0.20% 
2014.Q1 
0.00% 
0.00% 
0.00% 
0.00% 
0.00% 
0.00% 
0.00% 
-0.02% 
-0.02% 
0.01% 
0.31% 
0.31% 
0.35% 
0.43% 
0.49% 
0.73% 
0.73% 
0.71% 
0.71% 
0.73% 
0.73% 
0.73% 
0.73% 
0.73% 
0.82% 
0.82% 
0.82% 
2014.Q2 
0.00% 
0.00% 
0.00% 
0.00% 
0.04% 
0.03% 
0.17% 
0.29% 
0.30% 
0.31% 
0.37% 
0.38% 
0.40% 
0.47% 
0.46% 
0.47% 
0.49% 
0.55% 
0.56% 
0.56% 
0.56% 
0.56% 
0.56% 
0.59% 
0.59% 
0.60% 
0.60% 
2014.Q3 
0.00% 
0.00% 
0.00% 
0.00% 
0.00% 
0.00% 
0.06% 
0.03% 
0.34% 
0.36% 
0.35% 
0.78% 
0.83% 
0.86% 
1.03% 
1.03% 
1.07% 
1.08% 
1.11% 
1.11% 
1.11% 
1.13% 
1.28% 
1.28% 
1.28% 
1.28% 
1.28% 
2014.Q4 
0.00% 
0.00% 
0.00% 
0.00% 
0.00% 
0.05% 
0.11% 
0.11% 
0.25% 
0.34% 
0.49% 
0.51% 
0.56% 
0.59% 
0.75% 
0.77% 
0.87% 
0.86% 
0.91% 
0.96% 
0.96% 
0.99% 
0.99% 
0.99% 
0.99% 
0.99% 
0.99% 
2015.Q1 
0.00% 
0.00% 
0.00% 
0.00% 
0.01% 
0.04% 
0.04% 
0.07% 
0.07% 
0.07% 
0.07% 
0.10% 
0.12% 
0.24% 
0.30% 
0.56% 
0.69% 
0.80% 
0.84% 
0.83% 
0.83% 
0.83% 
0.83% 
0.83% 
0.83% 
0.83% 
0.83% 
2015.Q2 
0.00% 
0.00% 
0.00% 
-0.01% 
-0.01% 
0.09% 
0.10% 
0.10% 
0.10% 
0.10% 
0.11% 
0.11% 
0.13% 
0.18% 
0.23% 
0.88% 
0.89% 
1.08% 
1.11% 
1.27% 
1.33% 
1.33% 
1.35% 
1.35% 
1.35% 
1.35% 
1.35% 
2015.Q3 
0.00% 
0.00% 
0.00% 
0.00% 
0.00% 
0.06% 
0.20% 
0.25% 
0.25% 
0.25% 
0.26% 
0.27% 
0.23% 
0.27% 
0.28% 
0.51% 
0.66% 
0.83% 
0.91% 
0.91% 
0.91% 
0.91% 
0.91% 
0.91% 
0.91% 
0.91% 
0.91% 
2015.Q4 
0.00% 
0.00% 
0.00% 
0.00% 
0.00% 
0.00% 
0.00% 
0.11% 
0.13% 
0.13% 
0.14% 
0.28% 
0.51% 
0.51% 
0.83% 
0.87% 
1.22% 
1.52% 
2.48% 
2.50% 
2.97% 
3.06% 
3.06% 
3.06% 
3.06% 
3.06% 
3.06% 
2016.Q1 
0.00% 
0.00% 
0.00% 
0.00% 
0.00% 
0.03% 
0.03% 
0.01% 
0.01% 
0.01% 
0.19% 
0.19% 
0.32% 
0.63% 
0.81% 
0.91% 
1.06% 
1.65% 
1.72% 
1.72% 
2.11% 
2.11% 
2.11% 
2.11% 
2.11% 
2.11% 
2.11% 
2016.Q2 
0.00% 
0.00% 
0.00% 
0.05% 
0.05% 
0.09% 
0.09% 
0.15% 
0.16% 
0.30% 
0.35% 
0.35% 
0.51% 
0.56% 
0.91% 
0.83% 
0.87% 
0.87% 
0.87% 
0.87% 
0.87% 
0.87% 
0.87% 
0.87% 
0.87% 
0.87% 
0.87%

--- Page 196 ---
- 185 - 
 
 
Cohort 
Year/Qrt 
00 
Mths 
03 
Mths 
06 
Mths 
09 
Mths 
 12 
Mths 
 15 
Mths 
 18 
Mths 
 21 
Mths 
 24 
Mths 
 27 
Mths 
 30 
Mths 
 33 
Mths 
 36 
Mths 
 39 
Mths 
 42 
Mths 
 45 
Mths 
 48 
Mths 
 51 
Mths 
 54 
Mths 
 57 
Mths 
 60 
Mths 
 63 
Mths 
 66 
Mths 
 69 
Mths 
 72 
Mths 
 75 
Mths 
 78 
Mths 
2016.Q3 
0.00% 
0.00% 
0.00% 
0.00% 
0.04% 
0.04% 
0.01% 
0.01% 
0.01% 
0.01% 
0.02% 
0.04% 
0.04% 
0.04% 
0.01% 
0.26% 
0.26% 
0.23% 
0.27% 
0.52% 
0.52% 
0.52% 
0.46% 
0.46% 
0.46% 
0.46% 
0.46% 
2016.Q4 
0.00% 
0.00% 
0.00% 
0.00% 
0.13% 
0.13% 
0.13% 
0.45% 
0.45% 
0.86% 
1.56% 
1.82% 
2.04% 
2.77% 
2.96% 
2.96% 
3.10% 
3.31% 
3.31% 
4.34% 
4.34% 
4.34% 
4.34% 
4.34% 
4.34% 
4.34% 
4.34% 
2017.Q1 
0.00% 
0.00% 
0.00% 
0.00% 
0.00% 
0.00% 
0.40% 
0.38% 
0.47% 
0.79% 
0.85% 
0.85% 
0.90% 
2.57% 
2.75% 
3.11% 
3.15% 
3.18% 
3.18% 
3.31% 
3.58% 
3.58% 
3.58% 
3.58% 
3.58% 
3.58% 
3.58% 
2017.Q2 
0.00% 
0.00% 
0.00% 
0.00% 
0.00% 
0.25% 
0.25% 
0.30% 
0.36% 
0.44% 
0.95% 
1.12% 
1.17% 
1.42% 
1.55% 
1.81% 
1.81% 
1.81% 
1.80% 
2.00% 
2.00% 
2.00% 
2.00% 
2.00% 
2.05% 
2.05% 
  
2017.Q3 
0.00% 
0.00% 
0.00% 
0.00% 
0.00% 
0.03% 
0.11% 
0.11% 
0.41% 
0.56% 
0.56% 
0.61% 
0.61% 
0.65% 
0.83% 
0.89% 
0.89% 
0.89% 
0.89% 
0.98% 
1.06% 
1.06% 
1.06% 
1.06% 
1.06% 
  
  
2017.Q4 
0.00% 
0.00% 
0.00% 
0.08% 
0.04% 
0.04% 
0.10% 
0.74% 
0.74% 
0.79% 
0.79% 
0.78% 
1.20% 
1.20% 
1.20% 
1.20% 
1.37% 
1.41% 
1.55% 
1.55% 
1.55% 
1.55% 
1.55% 
1.55% 
  
  
  
2018.Q1 
0.00% 
0.00% 
0.00% 
0.00% 
0.00% 
0.05% 
0.12% 
0.14% 
0.14% 
0.27% 
0.41% 
0.42% 
0.42% 
0.41% 
0.39% 
0.32% 
0.32% 
0.32% 
0.32% 
0.32% 
0.32% 
0.32% 
0.32% 
  
  
  
  
2018.Q2 
0.00% 
0.00% 
0.00% 
0.00% 
0.10% 
0.10% 
0.07% 
0.11% 
0.09% 
0.09% 
0.37% 
0.41% 
0.43% 
0.42% 
0.46% 
0.46% 
0.46% 
0.46% 
0.46% 
0.53% 
0.53% 
0.53% 
  
  
  
  
  
2018.Q3 
0.00% 
0.00% 
0.00% 
0.00% 
-0.01% 
0.15% 
0.11% 
1.70% 
1.70% 
1.68% 
1.79% 
1.79% 
1.60% 
1.60% 
1.84% 
1.84% 
2.61% 
2.61% 
2.61% 
2.73% 
2.73% 
  
  
  
  
  
  
2018.Q4 
0.00% 
0.00% 
0.00% 
0.00% 
0.62% 
0.63% 
0.87% 
1.56% 
1.45% 
1.45% 
1.45% 
1.45% 
1.45% 
1.45% 
1.45% 
1.45% 
1.45% 
1.47% 
1.47% 
1.58% 
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
2019.Q1 
0.00% 
0.00% 
0.00% 
0.00% 
0.00% 
0.03% 
0.06% 
0.06% 
0.08% 
0.06% 
0.01% 
0.02% 
-0.09% 
-0.09% 
-0.09% 
-0.09% 
0.04% 
0.04% 
0.04% 
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
2019.Q2 
0.00% 
0.00% 
0.00% 
0.06% 
0.24% 
0.26% 
0.27% 
0.27% 
0.21% 
0.21% 
0.82% 
0.79% 
0.74% 
1.12% 
1.18% 
1.25% 
1.25% 
1.25% 
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
2019.Q3 
0.00% 
0.00% 
0.00% 
0.00% 
0.00% 
0.04% 
0.04% 
0.07% 
-0.05% 
-0.05% 
0.12% 
2.20% 
2.20% 
2.35% 
2.35% 
2.35% 
2.45% 
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
2019.Q4 
0.00% 
0.00% 
0.00% 
0.00% 
0.16% 
0.16% 
0.17% 
0.16% 
0.16% 
0.16% 
0.62% 
0.55% 
0.55% 
0.54% 
0.54% 
0.54% 
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
2020.Q1 
0.00% 
0.00% 
0.00% 
0.00% 
0.00% 
0.24% 
0.24% 
0.06% 
0.06% 
0.32% 
0.31% 
0.31% 
0.31% 
0.31% 
0.31% 
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
2020.Q2 
0.00% 
0.00% 
0.00% 
0.00% 
0.00% 
-0.18% 
-0.26% 
0.04% 
0.04% 
0.04% 
0.04% 
0.24% 
0.24% 
0.24% 
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
2020.Q3 
0.00% 
0.00% 
0.00% 
0.00% 
0.00% 
0.00% 
0.00% 
0.00% 
-0.03% 
-0.04% 
-0.04% 
-0.04% 
0.03% 
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
2020.Q4 
0.00% 
0.00% 
0.00% 
0.00% 
0.00% 
0.08% 
0.58% 
0.94% 
0.95% 
0.95% 
1.13% 
1.13% 
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
2021.Q1 
0.00% 
0.00% 
0.00% 
0.00% 
0.00% 
0.00% 
0.00% 
0.00% 
0.00% 
0.00% 
0.00% 
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
2021.Q2 
0.00% 
0.00% 
0.00% 
0.06% 
0.06% 
0.26% 
0.26% 
0.26% 
0.26% 
0.26% 
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
2021.Q3 
0.00% 
0.00% 
0.00% 
0.00% 
0.03% 
0.01% 
0.01% 
0.23% 
0.23% 
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
2021.Q4 
0.00% 
0.00% 
0.03% 
0.07% 
0.05% 
0.02% 
0.19% 
0.22% 
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
2022.Q1 
0.00% 
0.00% 
0.00% 
0.06% 
0.04% 
0.04% 
0.04% 
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
2022.Q2 
0.00% 
0.00% 
0.00% 
0.05% 
0.18% 
0.18% 
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
2022.Q3 
0.00% 
0.00% 
0.00% 
0.00% 
0.00% 
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
2022.Q4 
0.00% 
0.00% 
0.00% 
0.00% 
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
2023.Q1 
0.00% 
0.00% 
0.00% 
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
2023.Q2 
0.00% 
0.00% 
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
2023.Q3 
0.00% 
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
0.00% 
0.00% 
0.00% 
0.00% 
0.00% 
0.00% 
0.00% 
0.00% 
0.00% 
0.00% 
0.00% 
0.00% 
0.00% 
0.00% 
0.00% 
0.00% 
0.00% 
0.00% 
0.00% 
0.00% 
0.00% 
0.00% 
0.00% 
0.00% 
0.00% 
0.00%

--- Page 197 ---
- 186 -

--- Page 198 ---
- 187 - 
 
 
6. 
Static New Loss Data – Pcp (New Cars) 
Cohort 
Year/Qrt 
00 
Mths 
03 
Mths 
06 
Mths 
09 
Mths 
 12 
Mths 
 15 
Mths 
 18 
Mths 
 21 
Mths 
 24 
Mths 
 27 
Mths 
 30 
Mths 
 33 
Mths 
 36 
Mths 
 39 
Mths 
 42 
Mths 
 45 
Mths 
 48 
Mths 
 51 
Mths 
 54 
Mths 
 57 
Mths 
 60 
Mths 
 63 
Mths 
 66 
Mths 
 69 
Mths 
 72 
Mths 
 75 
Mths 
 78 
Mths 
2002.Q3 
0.00% 
0.00% 
0.00% 
0.00% 
0.03% 
0.06% 
0.06% 
0.07% 
0.16% 
0.19% 
0.23% 
0.32% 
0.37% 
0.33% 
0.35% 
0.38% 
0.40% 
0.42% 
0.41% 
0.41% 
0.41% 
0.41% 
0.41% 
0.45% 
0.45% 
0.45% 
0.45% 
2002.Q4 
0.00% 
0.00% 
0.00% 
0.00% 
0.02% 
0.05% 
0.08% 
0.25% 
0.28% 
0.30% 
0.31% 
0.36% 
0.35% 
0.40% 
0.43% 
0.56% 
0.57% 
0.61% 
0.61% 
0.62% 
0.62% 
0.62% 
0.62% 
0.62% 
0.62% 
0.62% 
0.62% 
2003.Q1 
0.00% 
0.00% 
0.00% 
0.01% 
0.02% 
0.02% 
0.08% 
0.17% 
0.21% 
0.24% 
0.31% 
0.36% 
0.46% 
0.38% 
0.38% 
0.51% 
0.53% 
0.53% 
0.53% 
0.53% 
0.53% 
0.53% 
0.53% 
0.53% 
0.53% 
0.53% 
0.53% 
2003.Q2 
0.00% 
0.01% 
0.01% 
0.03% 
0.03% 
0.04% 
0.08% 
0.10% 
0.11% 
0.12% 
0.18% 
0.32% 
0.38% 
0.35% 
0.32% 
0.45% 
0.46% 
0.49% 
0.50% 
0.50% 
0.50% 
0.50% 
0.50% 
0.50% 
0.50% 
0.50% 
0.50% 
2003.Q3 
0.00% 
0.00% 
0.00% 
0.01% 
0.03% 
0.06% 
0.07% 
0.18% 
0.23% 
0.27% 
0.43% 
0.46% 
0.53% 
0.57% 
0.54% 
0.62% 
0.65% 
0.69% 
0.70% 
0.70% 
0.70% 
0.70% 
0.70% 
0.70% 
0.70% 
0.70% 
0.70% 
2003.Q4 
0.00% 
0.00% 
0.00% 
0.00% 
0.01% 
0.02% 
0.04% 
0.07% 
0.11% 
0.20% 
0.21% 
0.28% 
0.31% 
0.24% 
0.22% 
0.35% 
0.37% 
0.42% 
0.43% 
0.44% 
0.44% 
0.44% 
0.44% 
0.44% 
0.44% 
0.44% 
0.44% 
2004.Q1 
0.00% 
0.00% 
0.01% 
0.01% 
0.01% 
0.04% 
0.06% 
0.07% 
0.10% 
0.11% 
0.12% 
0.14% 
0.16% 
0.06% 
0.12% 
0.28% 
0.33% 
0.40% 
0.40% 
0.39% 
0.39% 
0.39% 
0.39% 
0.39% 
0.39% 
0.39% 
0.39% 
2004.Q2 
0.00% 
0.00% 
0.03% 
0.03% 
0.04% 
0.05% 
0.05% 
0.14% 
0.22% 
0.26% 
0.27% 
0.36% 
0.30% 
0.17% 
0.16% 
0.21% 
0.24% 
0.33% 
0.33% 
0.33% 
0.33% 
0.33% 
0.33% 
0.33% 
0.33% 
0.33% 
0.33% 
2004.Q3 
0.00% 
0.00% 
0.01% 
0.01% 
0.04% 
0.07% 
0.25% 
0.34% 
0.38% 
0.41% 
0.46% 
0.49% 
0.43% 
0.30% 
0.30% 
0.57% 
0.68% 
0.75% 
0.75% 
0.75% 
0.75% 
0.75% 
0.75% 
0.75% 
0.75% 
0.75% 
0.75% 
2004.Q4 
0.00% 
0.00% 
0.00% 
0.00% 
0.01% 
0.04% 
0.12% 
0.18% 
0.19% 
0.18% 
0.14% 
0.07% 
0.12% 
0.04% 
-0.01% 
0.06% 
0.06% 
0.15% 
0.18% 
0.18% 
0.18% 
0.18% 
0.18% 
0.18% 
0.18% 
0.18% 
0.18% 
2005.Q1 
0.00% 
0.00% 
0.00% 
0.00% 
0.04% 
0.08% 
0.11% 
0.13% 
0.23% 
0.22% 
0.22% 
0.14% 
0.07% 
-0.01% 
0.03% 
0.08% 
0.11% 
0.15% 
0.15% 
0.15% 
0.15% 
0.15% 
0.15% 
0.15% 
0.15% 
0.15% 
0.15% 
2005.Q2 
0.00% 
0.00% 
0.01% 
0.03% 
0.03% 
0.05% 
0.10% 
0.22% 
0.26% 
0.30% 
0.32% 
0.32% 
0.26% 
0.30% 
0.36% 
0.55% 
0.56% 
0.64% 
0.65% 
0.66% 
0.66% 
0.66% 
0.66% 
0.66% 
0.66% 
0.66% 
0.66% 
2005.Q3 
0.00% 
0.00% 
0.00% 
0.02% 
0.04% 
0.06% 
0.16% 
0.21% 
0.36% 
0.35% 
0.39% 
0.41% 
0.37% 
0.40% 
0.53% 
0.66% 
0.66% 
0.70% 
0.72% 
0.73% 
0.73% 
0.73% 
0.73% 
0.73% 
0.73% 
0.73% 
0.73% 
2005.Q4 
0.00% 
0.00% 
0.00% 
0.01% 
0.01% 
0.02% 
0.03% 
0.03% 
0.06% 
0.05% 
0.03% 
0.01% 
-0.05% 
0.25% 
0.18% 
0.22% 
0.22% 
0.29% 
0.29% 
0.29% 
0.29% 
0.29% 
0.29% 
0.29% 
0.29% 
0.29% 
0.29% 
2006.Q1 
0.00% 
0.00% 
0.00% 
0.00% 
0.01% 
0.04% 
0.11% 
0.17% 
0.21% 
0.22% 
0.29% 
0.29% 
0.35% 
0.06% 
-0.34% 
-0.23% 
-0.22% 
-0.17% 
-0.15% 
-0.15% 
-0.15% 
-0.15% 
-0.15% 
-0.15% 
-0.14% 
-0.14% 
-0.14% 
2006.Q2 
0.00% 
0.00% 
0.00% 
0.01% 
0.02% 
0.05% 
0.08% 
0.13% 
0.16% 
0.18% 
0.25% 
0.34% 
0.27% 
-0.37% 
-0.54% 
-0.41% 
-0.34% 
-0.28% 
-0.28% 
-0.28% 
-0.28% 
-0.28% 
-0.28% 
-0.28% 
-0.28% 
-0.24% 
-0.24% 
2006.Q3 
0.00% 
0.02% 
0.02% 
0.03% 
0.04% 
0.06% 
0.12% 
0.13% 
0.16% 
0.21% 
0.30% 
0.39% 
0.30% 
-0.08% 
0.03% 
0.09% 
0.17% 
0.25% 
0.26% 
0.28% 
0.29% 
0.29% 
0.29% 
0.29% 
0.29% 
0.29% 
0.29% 
2006.Q4 
0.00% 
0.00% 
0.00% 
0.01% 
0.03% 
0.06% 
0.08% 
0.12% 
0.19% 
0.31% 
0.44% 
0.36% 
0.27% 
0.29% 
0.37% 
0.51% 
0.56% 
0.63% 
0.64% 
0.68% 
0.68% 
0.68% 
0.68% 
0.68% 
0.71% 
0.71% 
0.71% 
2007.Q1 
0.00% 
0.00% 
0.02% 
0.02% 
0.04% 
0.05% 
0.07% 
0.10% 
0.16% 
0.21% 
0.17% 
0.11% 
0.10% 
0.11% 
0.11% 
0.26% 
0.34% 
0.37% 
0.38% 
0.38% 
0.39% 
0.39% 
0.39% 
0.39% 
0.39% 
0.39% 
0.39% 
2007.Q2 
0.00% 
0.00% 
0.00% 
0.02% 
0.04% 
0.09% 
0.13% 
0.21% 
0.27% 
0.34% 
0.31% 
0.36% 
0.40% 
0.44% 
0.54% 
0.64% 
0.70% 
0.74% 
0.76% 
0.76% 
0.76% 
0.81% 
0.81% 
0.81% 
0.81% 
0.81% 
0.81% 
2007.Q3 
0.00% 
0.00% 
0.00% 
0.01% 
0.04% 
0.08% 
0.17% 
0.20% 
0.26% 
0.26% 
0.28% 
0.33% 
0.36% 
0.40% 
0.50% 
0.67% 
0.68% 
0.73% 
0.75% 
0.76% 
0.77% 
0.77% 
0.77% 
0.77% 
0.79% 
0.79% 
0.79% 
2007.Q4 
0.00% 
0.00% 
0.00% 
0.00% 
0.06% 
0.11% 
0.21% 
0.27% 
0.28% 
0.30% 
0.36% 
0.39% 
0.39% 
0.44% 
0.55% 
0.71% 
0.78% 
0.82% 
0.83% 
0.84% 
0.84% 
0.84% 
0.84% 
0.84% 
0.84% 
0.85% 
0.85% 
2008.Q1 
0.00% 
0.00% 
0.00% 
0.04% 
0.06% 
0.19% 
0.23% 
0.30% 
0.30% 
0.36% 
0.39% 
0.40% 
0.39% 
0.34% 
0.40% 
0.51% 
0.52% 
0.55% 
0.60% 
0.62% 
0.62% 
0.62% 
0.62% 
0.62% 
0.62% 
0.62% 
0.62% 
2008.Q2 
0.00% 
0.00% 
0.00% 
0.05% 
0.09% 
0.18% 
0.22% 
0.25% 
0.30% 
0.32% 
0.39% 
0.43% 
0.48% 
0.53% 
0.64% 
0.81% 
0.90% 
0.94% 
0.96% 
0.97% 
0.99% 
0.99% 
1.00% 
1.00% 
1.00% 
1.00% 
1.00% 
2008.Q3 
0.00% 
0.00% 
0.02% 
0.05% 
0.08% 
0.13% 
0.17% 
0.25% 
0.33% 
0.39% 
0.43% 
0.45% 
0.51% 
0.58% 
0.70% 
0.86% 
0.91% 
0.97% 
1.01% 
1.03% 
1.03% 
1.04% 
1.04% 
1.04% 
1.04% 
1.04% 
1.04% 
2008.Q4 
0.00% 
0.00% 
0.00% 
0.04% 
0.09% 
0.10% 
0.21% 
0.28% 
0.33% 
0.37% 
0.38% 
0.42% 
0.47% 
0.49% 
0.47% 
0.55% 
0.63% 
0.66% 
0.67% 
0.68% 
0.71% 
0.71% 
0.71% 
0.71% 
0.71% 
0.71% 
0.71% 
2009.Q1 
0.00% 
0.00% 
0.00% 
0.01% 
0.02% 
0.05% 
0.16% 
0.17% 
0.18% 
0.18% 
0.22% 
0.25% 
0.27% 
0.21% 
0.20% 
0.25% 
0.27% 
0.28% 
0.30% 
0.33% 
0.36% 
0.36% 
0.36% 
0.36% 
0.36% 
0.36% 
0.36% 
2009.Q2 
0.00% 
0.00% 
0.00% 
0.02% 
0.06% 
0.09% 
0.11% 
0.14% 
0.15% 
0.16% 
0.18% 
0.24% 
0.27% 
0.25% 
0.26% 
0.36% 
0.40% 
0.43% 
0.44% 
0.49% 
0.51% 
0.52% 
0.52% 
0.52% 
0.52% 
0.53% 
0.53% 
2009.Q3 
0.00% 
0.00% 
0.01% 
0.03% 
0.03% 
0.06% 
0.10% 
0.14% 
0.14% 
0.22% 
0.26% 
0.27% 
0.32% 
0.36% 
0.39% 
0.42% 
0.46% 
0.48% 
0.47% 
0.49% 
0.51% 
0.51% 
0.51% 
0.51% 
0.51% 
0.51% 
0.51% 
2009.Q4 
0.00% 
0.00% 
0.00% 
0.00% 
0.01% 
0.03% 
0.06% 
0.07% 
0.09% 
0.15% 
0.19% 
0.27% 
0.33% 
0.39% 
0.44% 
0.54% 
0.57% 
0.58% 
0.58% 
0.62% 
0.62% 
0.63% 
0.63% 
0.63% 
0.63% 
0.63% 
0.63% 
2010.Q1 
0.00% 
0.00% 
0.00% 
0.01% 
0.02% 
0.03% 
0.04% 
0.07% 
0.09% 
0.14% 
0.19% 
0.24% 
0.30% 
0.29% 
0.35% 
0.43% 
0.45% 
0.47% 
0.46% 
0.51% 
0.52% 
0.52% 
0.53% 
0.53% 
0.53% 
0.54% 
0.54% 
2010.Q2 
0.00% 
0.00% 
0.01% 
0.02% 
0.02% 
0.03% 
0.06% 
0.07% 
0.10% 
0.14% 
0.17% 
0.21% 
0.23% 
0.27% 
0.30% 
0.40% 
0.42% 
0.42% 
0.43% 
0.47% 
0.47% 
0.47% 
0.47% 
0.48% 
0.48% 
0.48% 
0.48% 
2010.Q3 
0.00% 
0.00% 
0.00% 
0.00% 
0.02% 
0.06% 
0.09% 
0.12% 
0.14% 
0.18% 
0.27% 
0.31% 
0.37% 
0.59% 
0.65% 
0.77% 
0.80% 
0.80% 
0.81% 
0.84% 
0.84% 
0.84% 
0.84% 
0.84% 
0.84% 
0.84% 
0.84% 
2010.Q4 
0.00% 
0.00% 
0.00% 
0.01% 
0.03% 
0.08% 
0.08% 
0.14% 
0.17% 
0.23% 
0.28% 
0.36% 
0.43% 
0.49% 
0.52% 
0.60% 
0.61% 
0.64% 
0.66% 
0.71% 
0.72% 
0.72% 
0.72% 
0.72% 
0.72% 
0.72% 
0.72% 
2011.Q1 
0.00% 
0.00% 
0.00% 
0.03% 
0.04% 
0.07% 
0.11% 
0.12% 
0.13% 
0.16% 
0.24% 
0.29% 
0.35% 
0.31% 
0.29% 
0.38% 
0.43% 
0.44% 
0.45% 
0.48% 
0.49% 
0.49% 
0.52% 
0.52% 
0.52% 
0.52% 
0.52% 
2011.Q2 
0.00% 
0.00% 
0.01% 
0.01% 
0.03% 
0.06% 
0.10% 
0.12% 
0.15% 
0.22% 
0.30% 
0.40% 
0.42% 
0.41% 
0.40% 
0.50% 
0.51% 
0.53% 
0.53% 
0.56% 
0.56% 
0.56% 
0.56% 
0.56% 
0.56% 
0.56% 
0.56% 
2011.Q3 
0.00% 
0.00% 
0.00% 
0.02% 
0.05% 
0.07% 
0.08% 
0.09% 
0.13% 
0.24% 
0.29% 
0.34% 
0.38% 
0.40% 
0.40% 
0.53% 
0.58% 
0.60% 
0.60% 
0.64% 
0.64% 
0.64% 
0.64% 
0.64% 
0.64% 
0.64% 
0.64% 
2011.Q4 
0.00% 
0.00% 
0.01% 
0.01% 
0.05% 
0.06% 
0.07% 
0.09% 
0.14% 
0.22% 
0.22% 
0.26% 
0.30% 
0.34% 
0.35% 
0.46% 
0.47% 
0.50% 
0.50% 
0.53% 
0.53% 
0.53% 
0.53% 
0.53% 
0.53% 
0.53% 
0.53% 
2012.Q1 
0.00% 
0.00% 
0.01% 
0.03% 
0.04% 
0.06% 
0.08% 
0.13% 
0.17% 
0.19% 
0.22% 
0.24% 
0.27% 
0.29% 
0.33% 
0.39% 
0.41% 
0.42% 
0.42% 
0.43% 
0.43% 
0.43% 
0.43% 
0.43% 
0.43% 
0.43% 
0.43% 
2012.Q2 
0.00% 
0.00% 
0.01% 
0.02% 
0.03% 
0.06% 
0.11% 
0.15% 
0.19% 
0.22% 
0.24% 
0.33% 
0.37% 
0.43% 
0.47% 
0.58% 
0.60% 
0.64% 
0.64% 
0.64% 
0.65% 
0.65% 
0.65% 
0.65% 
0.65% 
0.66% 
0.66% 
2012.Q3 
0.00% 
0.00% 
0.01% 
0.01% 
0.02% 
0.06% 
0.10% 
0.13% 
0.17% 
0.21% 
0.25% 
0.31% 
0.35% 
0.39% 
0.45% 
0.55% 
0.59% 
0.60% 
0.60% 
0.61% 
0.61% 
0.61% 
0.61% 
0.61% 
0.61% 
0.62% 
0.62% 
2012.Q4 
0.00% 
0.00% 
0.00% 
0.01% 
0.04% 
0.08% 
0.13% 
0.15% 
0.18% 
0.24% 
0.28% 
0.36% 
0.40% 
0.51% 
0.55% 
0.64% 
0.65% 
0.66% 
0.66% 
0.66% 
0.66% 
0.66% 
0.66% 
0.66% 
0.66% 
0.67% 
0.67% 
2013.Q1 
0.00% 
0.00% 
0.00% 
0.01% 
0.02% 
0.07% 
0.09% 
0.11% 
0.16% 
0.18% 
0.22% 
0.25% 
0.31% 
0.37% 
0.42% 
0.48% 
0.50% 
0.51% 
0.52% 
0.52% 
0.52% 
0.52% 
0.52% 
0.52% 
0.52% 
0.55% 
0.55% 
2013.Q2 
0.00% 
0.00% 
0.01% 
0.01% 
0.04% 
0.08% 
0.10% 
0.13% 
0.17% 
0.21% 
0.24% 
0.28% 
0.35% 
0.44% 
0.51% 
0.55% 
0.58% 
0.60% 
0.61% 
0.61% 
0.61% 
0.61% 
0.61% 
0.61% 
0.61% 
0.65% 
0.65% 
2013.Q3 
0.00% 
0.00% 
0.00% 
0.01% 
0.03% 
0.07% 
0.09% 
0.11% 
0.14% 
0.19% 
0.24% 
0.30% 
0.38% 
0.53% 
0.63% 
0.71% 
0.75% 
0.77% 
0.79% 
0.81% 
0.81% 
0.81% 
0.81% 
0.81% 
0.81% 
0.84% 
0.84% 
2013.Q4 
0.00% 
0.00% 
0.00% 
0.01% 
0.02% 
0.04% 
0.06% 
0.10% 
0.14% 
0.17% 
0.21% 
0.30% 
0.40% 
0.56% 
0.71% 
0.79% 
0.84% 
0.86% 
0.89% 
0.90% 
0.90% 
0.90% 
0.90% 
0.90% 
0.92% 
0.92% 
0.92% 
2014.Q1 
0.00% 
0.00% 
0.00% 
0.00% 
0.02% 
0.03% 
0.08% 
0.13% 
0.15% 
0.19% 
0.24% 
0.30% 
0.40% 
0.56% 
0.72% 
0.81% 
0.85% 
0.87% 
0.88% 
0.90% 
0.90% 
0.90% 
0.90% 
0.91% 
0.93% 
0.93% 
0.93% 
2014.Q2 
0.00% 
0.00% 
0.00% 
0.01% 
0.02% 
0.05% 
0.08% 
0.11% 
0.14% 
0.19% 
0.27% 
0.36% 
0.49% 
0.67% 
0.86% 
0.97% 
1.03% 
1.08% 
1.15% 
1.17% 
1.18% 
1.18% 
1.19% 
1.21% 
1.21% 
1.21% 
1.21% 
2014.Q3 
0.00% 
0.00% 
0.00% 
0.01% 
0.02% 
0.05% 
0.09% 
0.12% 
0.17% 
0.22% 
0.29% 
0.39% 
0.54% 
0.75% 
0.97% 
1.09% 
1.20% 
1.27% 
1.34% 
1.39% 
1.40% 
1.41% 
1.48% 
1.48% 
1.48% 
1.48% 
1.48% 
2014.Q4 
0.00% 
0.00% 
0.00% 
0.01% 
0.02% 
0.04% 
0.08% 
0.12% 
0.18% 
0.26% 
0.34% 
0.42% 
0.56% 
0.83% 
1.08% 
1.23% 
1.33% 
1.39% 
1.48% 
1.53% 
1.55% 
1.58% 
1.58% 
1.58% 
1.58% 
1.58% 
1.58% 
2015.Q1 
0.00% 
0.00% 
0.00% 
0.01% 
0.02% 
0.05% 
0.11% 
0.14% 
0.20% 
0.25% 
0.34% 
0.43% 
0.56% 
0.76% 
0.99% 
1.13% 
1.20% 
1.28% 
1.42% 
1.48% 
1.53% 
1.54% 
1.54% 
1.54% 
1.54% 
1.54% 
1.54% 
2015.Q2 
0.00% 
0.00% 
0.00% 
0.00% 
0.03% 
0.06% 
0.12% 
0.16% 
0.22% 
0.28% 
0.34% 
0.44% 
0.56% 
0.79% 
0.99% 
1.10% 
1.21% 
1.39% 
1.61% 
1.67% 
1.72% 
1.72% 
1.72% 
1.72% 
1.72% 
1.72% 
1.72% 
2015.Q3 
0.00% 
0.00% 
0.00% 
0.00% 
0.02% 
0.05% 
0.09% 
0.14% 
0.20% 
0.26% 
0.32% 
0.40% 
0.52% 
0.67% 
0.80% 
0.95% 
1.10% 
1.30% 
1.45% 
1.53% 
1.56% 
1.57% 
1.57% 
1.57% 
1.57% 
1.57% 
1.57% 
2015.Q4 
0.00% 
0.00% 
0.01% 
0.02% 
0.07% 
0.14% 
0.19% 
0.24% 
0.30% 
0.35% 
0.41% 
0.49% 
0.59% 
0.71% 
0.90% 
1.10% 
1.36% 
1.50% 
1.68% 
1.73% 
1.79% 
1.81% 
1.81% 
1.81% 
1.81% 
1.81% 
1.81% 
2016.Q1 
0.00% 
0.00% 
0.00% 
0.01% 
0.03% 
0.07% 
0.10% 
0.14% 
0.18% 
0.25% 
0.31% 
0.37% 
0.45% 
0.57% 
0.79% 
0.99% 
1.12% 
1.25% 
1.29% 
1.40% 
1.53% 
1.56% 
1.56% 
1.57% 
1.57% 
1.57% 
1.57% 
2016.Q2 
0.00% 
0.00% 
0.00% 
0.01% 
0.05% 
0.08% 
0.13% 
0.17% 
0.23% 
0.27% 
0.34% 
0.40% 
0.49% 
0.68% 
0.95% 
1.08% 
1.21% 
1.24% 
1.34% 
1.44% 
1.49% 
1.50% 
1.50% 
1.50% 
1.50% 
1.50% 
1.50%

--- Page 199 ---
- 188 - 
 
 
Cohort 
Year/Qrt 
00 
Mths 
03 
Mths 
06 
Mths 
09 
Mths 
 12 
Mths 
 15 
Mths 
 18 
Mths 
 21 
Mths 
 24 
Mths 
 27 
Mths 
 30 
Mths 
 33 
Mths 
 36 
Mths 
 39 
Mths 
 42 
Mths 
 45 
Mths 
 48 
Mths 
 51 
Mths 
 54 
Mths 
 57 
Mths 
 60 
Mths 
 63 
Mths 
 66 
Mths 
 69 
Mths 
 72 
Mths 
 75 
Mths 
 78 
Mths 
2016.Q3 
0.00% 
0.00% 
0.00% 
0.01% 
0.02% 
0.08% 
0.10% 
0.15% 
0.18% 
0.22% 
0.27% 
0.37% 
0.48% 
0.75% 
0.98% 
1.17% 
1.20% 
1.31% 
1.35% 
1.46% 
1.53% 
1.54% 
1.54% 
1.54% 
1.54% 
1.54% 
1.54% 
2016.Q4 
0.00% 
0.00% 
0.00% 
0.02% 
0.06% 
0.08% 
0.13% 
0.19% 
0.22% 
0.28% 
0.35% 
0.44% 
0.57% 
0.72% 
0.94% 
0.98% 
1.17% 
1.25% 
1.35% 
1.42% 
1.46% 
1.47% 
1.47% 
1.47% 
1.47% 
1.47% 
1.47% 
2017.Q1 
0.00% 
0.00% 
0.00% 
0.01% 
0.02% 
0.07% 
0.10% 
0.14% 
0.21% 
0.29% 
0.34% 
0.41% 
0.48% 
0.60% 
0.62% 
0.83% 
0.91% 
0.99% 
0.90% 
0.93% 
0.96% 
0.97% 
0.97% 
0.97% 
0.97% 
0.97% 
0.97% 
2017.Q2 
0.00% 
0.00% 
0.00% 
0.01% 
0.05% 
0.11% 
0.16% 
0.21% 
0.27% 
0.32% 
0.40% 
0.45% 
0.53% 
0.55% 
0.69% 
0.79% 
0.87% 
0.80% 
0.71% 
0.73% 
0.76% 
0.77% 
0.77% 
0.77% 
0.77% 
0.77% 
  
2017.Q3 
0.00% 
0.00% 
0.00% 
0.01% 
0.04% 
0.08% 
0.15% 
0.21% 
0.28% 
0.35% 
0.40% 
0.44% 
0.48% 
0.58% 
0.66% 
0.80% 
0.78% 
0.72% 
0.66% 
0.68% 
0.71% 
0.71% 
0.71% 
0.71% 
0.71% 
  
  
2017.Q4 
0.00% 
0.00% 
0.00% 
0.02% 
0.05% 
0.09% 
0.15% 
0.18% 
0.24% 
0.27% 
0.31% 
0.35% 
0.46% 
0.51% 
0.64% 
0.62% 
0.59% 
0.59% 
0.55% 
0.58% 
0.60% 
0.61% 
0.61% 
0.61% 
  
  
  
2018.Q1 
0.00% 
0.00% 
0.00% 
0.00% 
0.02% 
0.08% 
0.13% 
0.18% 
0.23% 
0.26% 
0.27% 
0.33% 
0.35% 
0.43% 
0.41% 
0.39% 
0.38% 
0.37% 
0.35% 
0.38% 
0.41% 
0.41% 
0.41% 
  
  
  
  
2018.Q2 
0.00% 
0.00% 
0.00% 
0.01% 
0.03% 
0.07% 
0.11% 
0.16% 
0.19% 
0.23% 
0.28% 
0.30% 
0.34% 
0.30% 
0.25% 
0.26% 
0.27% 
0.27% 
0.26% 
0.29% 
0.31% 
0.31% 
  
  
  
  
  
2018.Q3 
0.00% 
0.00% 
0.00% 
0.01% 
0.05% 
0.11% 
0.17% 
0.22% 
0.26% 
0.33% 
0.36% 
0.41% 
0.43% 
0.38% 
0.34% 
0.35% 
0.35% 
0.35% 
0.33% 
0.39% 
0.42% 
  
  
  
  
  
  
2018.Q4 
0.00% 
0.00% 
0.00% 
0.02% 
0.05% 
0.09% 
0.12% 
0.14% 
0.20% 
0.22% 
0.30% 
0.33% 
0.33% 
0.32% 
0.31% 
0.34% 
0.35% 
0.35% 
0.33% 
0.36% 
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
2019.Q1 
0.00% 
0.00% 
0.00% 
0.02% 
0.05% 
0.09% 
0.11% 
0.16% 
0.18% 
0.21% 
0.23% 
0.25% 
0.25% 
0.25% 
0.25% 
0.27% 
0.27% 
0.27% 
0.26% 
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
2019.Q2 
0.00% 
0.00% 
0.00% 
0.01% 
0.05% 
0.07% 
0.12% 
0.14% 
0.20% 
0.22% 
0.23% 
0.24% 
0.25% 
0.25% 
0.25% 
0.25% 
0.26% 
0.25% 
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
2019.Q3 
0.00% 
0.00% 
0.01% 
0.03% 
0.05% 
0.12% 
0.13% 
0.17% 
0.21% 
0.24% 
0.25% 
0.27% 
0.28% 
0.28% 
0.29% 
0.31% 
0.31% 
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
2019.Q4 
0.00% 
0.00% 
0.00% 
0.01% 
0.03% 
0.06% 
0.08% 
0.11% 
0.13% 
0.15% 
0.17% 
0.18% 
0.19% 
0.20% 
0.21% 
0.24% 
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
2020.Q1 
0.00% 
0.00% 
0.00% 
0.01% 
0.02% 
0.05% 
0.08% 
0.10% 
0.12% 
0.13% 
0.16% 
0.19% 
0.21% 
0.22% 
0.24% 
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
2020.Q2 
0.00% 
0.00% 
0.00% 
0.00% 
0.01% 
0.01% 
0.03% 
0.07% 
0.09% 
0.10% 
0.09% 
0.12% 
0.11% 
0.11% 
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
2020.Q3 
0.00% 
0.00% 
0.00% 
0.01% 
0.01% 
0.01% 
0.01% 
0.05% 
0.07% 
0.10% 
0.10% 
0.14% 
0.14% 
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
2020.Q4 
0.00% 
0.00% 
0.00% 
0.01% 
0.00% 
0.02% 
0.05% 
0.06% 
0.08% 
0.09% 
0.11% 
0.11% 
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
2021.Q1 
0.00% 
0.00% 
0.00% 
0.00% 
0.01% 
0.03% 
0.03% 
0.05% 
0.06% 
0.06% 
0.07% 
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
2021.Q2 
0.00% 
0.00% 
0.00% 
0.01% 
0.01% 
0.03% 
0.06% 
0.07% 
0.07% 
0.08% 
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
2021.Q3 
0.00% 
0.00% 
0.00% 
0.00% 
0.03% 
0.04% 
0.05% 
0.08% 
0.08% 
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
2021.Q4 
0.00% 
0.00% 
0.00% 
0.00% 
0.00% 
0.02% 
0.02% 
0.02% 
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
2022.Q1 
0.00% 
0.00% 
-0.01% 
0.00% 
0.00% 
0.00% 
0.01% 
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
2022.Q2 
0.00% 
0.00% 
0.00% 
0.00% 
0.01% 
0.02% 
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
2022.Q3 
0.00% 
0.00% 
0.00% 
0.00% 
0.00% 
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
2022.Q4 
0.00% 
0.00% 
0.00% 
0.00% 
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
2023.Q1 
0.00% 
0.00% 
0.00% 
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
2023.Q2 
0.00% 
0.00% 
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
2023.Q3 
0.00% 
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
0.00% 
0.00% 
0.00% 
0.00% 
0.00% 
0.00% 
0.00% 
0.00% 
0.00% 
0.00% 
0.00% 
0.00% 
0.00% 
0.00% 
0.00% 
0.00% 
0.00% 
0.00% 
0.00% 
0.00% 
0.00% 
0.00% 
0.00% 
0.00% 
0.00% 
0.00%

--- Page 200 ---
- 189 -

--- Page 201 ---
- 190 - 
 
 
7. 
Static Net Loss Data – Pcp (Used Cars) 
Cohort 
Year/Qrt 
00 
Mths 
03 
Mths 
06 
Mths 
09 
Mths 
 12 
Mths 
 15 
Mths 
 18 
Mths 
 21 
Mths 
 24 
Mths 
 27 
Mths 
 30 
Mths 
 33 
Mths 
 36 
Mths 
 39 
Mths 
 42 
Mths 
 45 
Mths 
 48 
Mths 
 51 
Mths 
 54 
Mths 
 57 
Mths 
 60 
Mths 
 63 
Mths 
 66 
Mths 
 69 
Mths 
 72 
Mths 
 75 
Mths 
 78 
Mths 
2002.Q3 
0.00% 
0.00% 
0.00% 
0.02% 
0.05% 
0.05% 
0.08% 
0.07% 
0.36% 
0.59% 
0.69% 
0.85% 
0.95% 
1.07% 
1.16% 
1.21% 
1.21% 
1.25% 
1.25% 
1.25% 
1.25% 
1.25% 
1.25% 
1.25% 
1.25% 
1.25% 
1.25% 
2002.Q4 
0.00% 
0.00% 
0.00% 
0.03% 
0.07% 
0.10% 
0.17% 
0.47% 
0.69% 
0.76% 
0.98% 
1.10% 
1.10% 
1.35% 
1.39% 
1.44% 
1.47% 
1.46% 
1.46% 
1.46% 
1.46% 
1.46% 
1.46% 
1.46% 
1.50% 
1.50% 
1.50% 
2003.Q1 
0.00% 
0.00% 
0.00% 
0.06% 
0.08% 
0.17% 
0.24% 
0.29% 
0.49% 
0.56% 
0.68% 
0.86% 
1.13% 
1.25% 
1.31% 
1.47% 
1.48% 
1.69% 
1.69% 
1.69% 
1.69% 
1.69% 
1.69% 
1.69% 
1.69% 
1.89% 
1.89% 
2003.Q2 
0.00% 
0.00% 
-0.01% 
0.01% 
0.02% 
0.05% 
0.18% 
0.18% 
0.19% 
0.27% 
0.56% 
0.91% 
1.02% 
1.16% 
1.37% 
1.47% 
1.54% 
1.58% 
1.58% 
1.58% 
1.58% 
1.58% 
1.58% 
1.58% 
1.58% 
1.61% 
1.61% 
2003.Q3 
0.00% 
0.00% 
0.00% 
0.00% 
0.00% 
0.00% 
0.02% 
0.26% 
0.32% 
0.38% 
0.93% 
0.98% 
1.03% 
1.08% 
1.14% 
1.35% 
1.61% 
1.70% 
1.70% 
1.70% 
1.70% 
1.70% 
1.70% 
1.70% 
1.70% 
1.81% 
1.81% 
2003.Q4 
0.00% 
0.00% 
0.04% 
0.08% 
0.12% 
0.14% 
0.17% 
0.23% 
0.42% 
0.80% 
0.93% 
0.96% 
0.96% 
0.95% 
0.90% 
1.06% 
1.07% 
1.18% 
1.18% 
1.18% 
1.18% 
1.18% 
1.18% 
1.18% 
1.18% 
1.18% 
1.18% 
2004.Q1 
0.00% 
0.00% 
0.00% 
0.03% 
0.08% 
0.15% 
0.39% 
0.44% 
0.61% 
0.72% 
0.87% 
1.13% 
1.20% 
1.03% 
1.06% 
1.12% 
1.14% 
1.14% 
1.14% 
1.14% 
1.14% 
1.14% 
1.14% 
1.14% 
1.14% 
1.14% 
1.14% 
2004.Q2 
0.00% 
0.00% 
0.08% 
0.12% 
0.18% 
0.35% 
0.40% 
0.51% 
0.52% 
0.65% 
0.69% 
0.73% 
0.77% 
0.72% 
0.66% 
0.88% 
0.90% 
0.90% 
0.90% 
0.90% 
0.90% 
0.90% 
0.90% 
0.90% 
0.90% 
0.90% 
0.90% 
2004.Q3 
0.00% 
0.00% 
0.05% 
0.06% 
0.05% 
0.06% 
0.11% 
0.18% 
0.53% 
0.41% 
0.52% 
0.59% 
0.74% 
0.72% 
0.70% 
0.99% 
1.02% 
1.09% 
1.09% 
1.09% 
1.09% 
1.09% 
1.09% 
1.09% 
1.09% 
1.09% 
1.09% 
2004.Q4 
0.00% 
0.00% 
0.00% 
0.00% 
0.06% 
0.18% 
0.24% 
0.33% 
0.60% 
0.78% 
0.91% 
0.90% 
0.88% 
0.84% 
0.88% 
1.03% 
1.19% 
1.22% 
1.22% 
1.22% 
1.22% 
1.22% 
1.22% 
1.22% 
1.22% 
1.22% 
1.22% 
2005.Q1 
0.00% 
0.00% 
0.02% 
0.04% 
0.07% 
0.18% 
0.20% 
0.22% 
0.39% 
0.39% 
0.50% 
0.61% 
0.60% 
0.61% 
0.71% 
0.83% 
0.98% 
1.02% 
1.02% 
1.06% 
1.06% 
1.06% 
1.06% 
1.06% 
1.06% 
1.16% 
1.16% 
2005.Q2 
0.00% 
0.00% 
0.00% 
0.06% 
0.09% 
0.20% 
0.32% 
0.38% 
0.47% 
0.45% 
0.46% 
0.48% 
0.51% 
0.56% 
0.78% 
1.25% 
1.34% 
1.36% 
1.36% 
1.44% 
1.48% 
1.48% 
1.48% 
1.48% 
1.48% 
1.48% 
1.48% 
2005.Q3 
0.00% 
0.00% 
0.01% 
0.01% 
0.04% 
0.05% 
0.08% 
0.12% 
0.22% 
0.30% 
0.31% 
0.32% 
0.37% 
0.45% 
0.62% 
0.79% 
0.76% 
0.82% 
0.82% 
0.82% 
0.82% 
0.82% 
0.82% 
0.82% 
0.82% 
0.82% 
0.82% 
2005.Q4 
0.00% 
0.00% 
0.02% 
0.05% 
0.07% 
0.17% 
0.32% 
0.69% 
0.69% 
0.70% 
0.85% 
0.89% 
1.03% 
1.44% 
1.44% 
1.61% 
1.67% 
1.79% 
1.79% 
1.79% 
1.79% 
1.79% 
1.79% 
1.79% 
1.79% 
1.79% 
1.79% 
2006.Q1 
0.00% 
0.00% 
0.00% 
0.00% 
0.07% 
0.09% 
0.13% 
0.25% 
0.38% 
0.44% 
0.49% 
0.53% 
0.72% 
0.82% 
0.74% 
0.81% 
0.86% 
0.87% 
0.87% 
0.93% 
0.96% 
0.96% 
0.96% 
0.96% 
0.96% 
1.02% 
1.02% 
2006.Q2 
0.00% 
0.00% 
0.00% 
0.00% 
0.02% 
0.03% 
0.06% 
0.07% 
0.12% 
0.18% 
0.32% 
0.54% 
0.74% 
0.61% 
0.40% 
0.47% 
0.47% 
0.56% 
0.61% 
0.63% 
0.63% 
0.69% 
0.69% 
0.72% 
0.72% 
0.72% 
0.72% 
2006.Q3 
0.00% 
0.00% 
0.00% 
0.02% 
0.05% 
0.11% 
0.15% 
0.20% 
0.26% 
0.35% 
0.73% 
1.11% 
1.16% 
1.02% 
1.05% 
1.06% 
1.05% 
1.13% 
1.15% 
1.15% 
1.15% 
1.15% 
1.15% 
1.15% 
1.15% 
1.15% 
1.15% 
2006.Q4 
0.00% 
0.00% 
0.00% 
0.05% 
0.14% 
0.18% 
0.20% 
0.21% 
0.26% 
0.47% 
0.80% 
0.92% 
0.89% 
0.90% 
1.16% 
1.25% 
1.27% 
1.51% 
1.55% 
1.55% 
1.54% 
1.55% 
1.55% 
1.59% 
1.59% 
1.59% 
1.59% 
2007.Q1 
0.00% 
0.00% 
0.00% 
0.01% 
0.02% 
0.12% 
0.14% 
0.33% 
0.47% 
0.83% 
0.94% 
1.06% 
1.20% 
1.19% 
1.30% 
1.49% 
1.58% 
1.65% 
1.67% 
1.67% 
1.67% 
1.67% 
1.67% 
1.67% 
1.67% 
1.71% 
1.71% 
2007.Q2 
0.00% 
0.00% 
0.00% 
0.03% 
0.06% 
0.07% 
0.18% 
0.26% 
0.52% 
0.62% 
0.65% 
0.77% 
1.19% 
1.44% 
1.67% 
1.86% 
2.05% 
2.22% 
2.23% 
2.23% 
2.23% 
2.23% 
2.23% 
2.23% 
2.23% 
2.34% 
2.34% 
2007.Q3 
0.00% 
0.00% 
0.00% 
0.02% 
0.06% 
0.19% 
0.29% 
0.62% 
0.77% 
0.78% 
0.77% 
0.87% 
1.20% 
1.33% 
1.50% 
1.53% 
1.54% 
1.63% 
1.67% 
1.69% 
1.69% 
1.69% 
1.69% 
1.69% 
1.69% 
1.69% 
1.69% 
2007.Q4 
0.00% 
0.00% 
0.03% 
0.05% 
0.06% 
0.06% 
0.17% 
0.39% 
0.56% 
0.69% 
0.80% 
1.01% 
1.07% 
1.14% 
1.20% 
1.32% 
1.35% 
1.41% 
1.44% 
1.51% 
1.55% 
1.55% 
1.55% 
1.55% 
1.62% 
1.70% 
1.70% 
2008.Q1 
0.00% 
0.00% 
0.05% 
0.08% 
0.11% 
0.24% 
0.41% 
0.68% 
0.81% 
0.90% 
1.11% 
1.23% 
1.37% 
1.43% 
1.77% 
1.93% 
2.08% 
2.37% 
2.52% 
2.53% 
2.53% 
2.53% 
2.53% 
2.53% 
2.53% 
2.53% 
2.53% 
2008.Q2 
0.00% 
0.00% 
0.02% 
0.04% 
0.14% 
0.18% 
0.29% 
0.45% 
0.69% 
0.76% 
0.89% 
0.96% 
1.05% 
1.24% 
1.54% 
1.95% 
2.07% 
2.26% 
2.32% 
2.36% 
2.36% 
2.36% 
2.36% 
2.36% 
2.39% 
2.42% 
2.42% 
2008.Q3 
0.00% 
0.00% 
0.00% 
0.09% 
0.19% 
0.32% 
0.38% 
0.57% 
0.81% 
0.98% 
1.19% 
1.23% 
1.47% 
1.95% 
2.16% 
2.48% 
2.70% 
2.88% 
2.93% 
2.99% 
3.00% 
3.00% 
3.03% 
3.03% 
3.03% 
3.03% 
3.03% 
2008.Q4 
0.00% 
0.00% 
0.00% 
0.04% 
0.04% 
0.08% 
0.16% 
0.36% 
0.55% 
0.62% 
0.61% 
0.65% 
0.82% 
1.03% 
1.31% 
1.48% 
1.53% 
1.63% 
1.63% 
1.70% 
1.71% 
1.70% 
1.70% 
1.70% 
1.70% 
1.70% 
1.70% 
2009.Q1 
0.00% 
0.00% 
0.01% 
0.06% 
0.06% 
0.14% 
0.14% 
0.22% 
0.31% 
0.29% 
0.38% 
0.38% 
0.46% 
0.48% 
0.49% 
0.59% 
0.62% 
0.64% 
0.65% 
0.67% 
0.68% 
0.68% 
0.68% 
0.68% 
0.68% 
0.68% 
0.68% 
2009.Q2 
0.00% 
0.00% 
0.01% 
0.02% 
0.04% 
0.10% 
0.27% 
0.29% 
0.31% 
0.31% 
0.34% 
0.46% 
0.49% 
0.60% 
0.75% 
0.88% 
0.91% 
0.93% 
0.98% 
1.00% 
1.01% 
1.01% 
1.01% 
1.01% 
1.01% 
1.01% 
1.01% 
2009.Q3 
0.00% 
0.00% 
0.00% 
0.01% 
0.01% 
0.12% 
0.14% 
0.16% 
0.18% 
0.26% 
0.32% 
0.44% 
0.56% 
0.66% 
0.75% 
0.90% 
0.91% 
0.95% 
0.95% 
1.07% 
1.07% 
1.07% 
1.07% 
1.07% 
1.07% 
1.10% 
1.10% 
2009.Q4 
0.00% 
0.00% 
-0.01% 
0.00% 
0.03% 
0.08% 
0.08% 
0.15% 
0.18% 
0.27% 
0.34% 
0.54% 
0.71% 
0.84% 
1.00% 
1.05% 
1.11% 
1.13% 
1.18% 
1.24% 
1.24% 
1.26% 
1.26% 
1.26% 
1.26% 
1.26% 
1.26% 
2010.Q1 
0.00% 
0.00% 
0.01% 
0.02% 
0.04% 
0.07% 
0.08% 
0.16% 
0.22% 
0.27% 
0.37% 
0.44% 
0.67% 
0.68% 
0.73% 
0.82% 
0.90% 
0.99% 
1.01% 
1.05% 
1.07% 
1.08% 
1.08% 
1.10% 
1.10% 
1.10% 
1.10% 
2010.Q2 
0.00% 
0.00% 
0.00% 
0.02% 
0.05% 
0.05% 
0.08% 
0.19% 
0.33% 
0.39% 
0.44% 
0.48% 
0.49% 
0.57% 
0.63% 
0.74% 
0.76% 
0.77% 
0.77% 
0.92% 
0.93% 
0.93% 
0.95% 
0.95% 
0.95% 
0.98% 
0.98% 
2010.Q3 
0.00% 
0.00% 
0.01% 
0.02% 
0.02% 
0.03% 
0.13% 
0.19% 
0.24% 
0.31% 
0.39% 
0.46% 
0.56% 
0.61% 
0.64% 
0.71% 
0.74% 
0.79% 
0.79% 
0.84% 
0.84% 
0.85% 
0.85% 
0.85% 
0.85% 
0.85% 
0.85% 
2010.Q4 
0.00% 
0.00% 
0.00% 
0.00% 
0.05% 
0.05% 
0.08% 
0.15% 
0.17% 
0.21% 
0.26% 
0.39% 
0.46% 
0.48% 
0.49% 
0.60% 
0.67% 
0.69% 
0.69% 
0.72% 
0.74% 
0.75% 
0.76% 
0.76% 
0.76% 
0.76% 
0.76% 
2011.Q1 
0.00% 
0.00% 
0.00% 
0.01% 
0.02% 
0.07% 
0.08% 
0.11% 
0.15% 
0.16% 
0.21% 
0.37% 
0.54% 
0.51% 
0.51% 
0.60% 
0.64% 
0.71% 
0.73% 
0.77% 
0.81% 
0.81% 
0.81% 
0.81% 
0.81% 
0.81% 
0.81% 
2011.Q2 
0.00% 
0.00% 
0.02% 
0.02% 
0.10% 
0.17% 
0.20% 
0.24% 
0.27% 
0.32% 
0.41% 
0.47% 
0.47% 
0.48% 
0.49% 
0.61% 
0.62% 
0.66% 
0.71% 
0.74% 
0.74% 
0.74% 
0.74% 
0.74% 
0.74% 
0.74% 
0.74% 
2011.Q3 
0.00% 
0.00% 
0.00% 
0.03% 
0.06% 
0.17% 
0.23% 
0.31% 
0.33% 
0.47% 
0.58% 
0.63% 
0.71% 
0.73% 
0.79% 
0.92% 
0.93% 
0.97% 
0.97% 
0.99% 
1.00% 
1.00% 
1.00% 
1.00% 
1.00% 
1.00% 
1.00% 
2011.Q4 
0.00% 
0.00% 
0.03% 
0.06% 
0.07% 
0.09% 
0.11% 
0.18% 
0.22% 
0.26% 
0.28% 
0.42% 
0.45% 
0.45% 
0.58% 
0.67% 
0.77% 
0.81% 
0.83% 
0.83% 
0.83% 
0.83% 
0.83% 
0.83% 
0.83% 
0.83% 
0.83% 
2012.Q1 
0.00% 
0.00% 
0.00% 
0.03% 
0.05% 
0.07% 
0.16% 
0.28% 
0.29% 
0.42% 
0.44% 
0.46% 
0.57% 
0.54% 
0.57% 
0.60% 
0.67% 
0.70% 
0.70% 
0.70% 
0.70% 
0.70% 
0.70% 
0.70% 
0.70% 
0.71% 
0.71% 
2012.Q2 
0.00% 
0.00% 
0.00% 
0.01% 
0.02% 
0.06% 
0.16% 
0.25% 
0.28% 
0.30% 
0.34% 
0.37% 
0.38% 
0.43% 
0.42% 
0.48% 
0.52% 
0.58% 
0.61% 
0.60% 
0.60% 
0.60% 
0.60% 
0.60% 
0.60% 
0.62% 
0.62% 
2012.Q3 
0.00% 
0.00% 
0.00% 
0.02% 
0.03% 
0.15% 
0.20% 
0.22% 
0.25% 
0.29% 
0.32% 
0.42% 
0.48% 
0.49% 
0.48% 
0.52% 
0.56% 
0.57% 
0.57% 
0.59% 
0.59% 
0.59% 
0.59% 
0.59% 
0.59% 
0.61% 
0.61% 
2012.Q4 
0.00% 
0.00% 
0.00% 
0.00% 
0.02% 
0.19% 
0.26% 
0.27% 
0.33% 
0.38% 
0.41% 
0.47% 
0.50% 
0.55% 
0.58% 
0.60% 
0.65% 
0.65% 
0.66% 
0.67% 
0.67% 
0.67% 
0.67% 
0.67% 
0.67% 
0.70% 
0.70% 
2013.Q1 
0.00% 
0.00% 
0.00% 
0.01% 
0.02% 
0.06% 
0.13% 
0.18% 
0.26% 
0.29% 
0.32% 
0.34% 
0.37% 
0.37% 
0.46% 
0.48% 
0.49% 
0.52% 
0.53% 
0.54% 
0.54% 
0.54% 
0.54% 
0.54% 
0.54% 
0.56% 
0.56% 
2013.Q2 
0.00% 
0.00% 
0.00% 
0.01% 
0.01% 
0.06% 
0.10% 
0.14% 
0.18% 
0.24% 
0.26% 
0.33% 
0.35% 
0.36% 
0.40% 
0.44% 
0.45% 
0.45% 
0.46% 
0.46% 
0.46% 
0.46% 
0.46% 
0.46% 
0.46% 
0.49% 
0.49% 
2013.Q3 
0.00% 
0.00% 
0.00% 
0.00% 
0.01% 
0.04% 
0.12% 
0.17% 
0.19% 
0.21% 
0.28% 
0.34% 
0.44% 
0.53% 
0.64% 
0.69% 
0.72% 
0.75% 
0.76% 
0.77% 
0.77% 
0.77% 
0.77% 
0.77% 
0.77% 
0.83% 
0.83% 
2013.Q4 
0.00% 
0.00% 
0.00% 
0.01% 
0.02% 
0.03% 
0.04% 
0.08% 
0.11% 
0.16% 
0.22% 
0.28% 
0.39% 
0.51% 
0.62% 
0.67% 
0.70% 
0.72% 
0.72% 
0.73% 
0.74% 
0.74% 
0.74% 
0.74% 
0.78% 
0.78% 
0.78% 
2014.Q1 
0.00% 
0.00% 
0.00% 
0.02% 
0.02% 
0.07% 
0.07% 
0.12% 
0.15% 
0.20% 
0.25% 
0.35% 
0.45% 
0.60% 
0.66% 
0.73% 
0.74% 
0.77% 
0.78% 
0.79% 
0.79% 
0.79% 
0.79% 
0.81% 
0.87% 
0.87% 
0.87% 
2014.Q2 
0.00% 
0.00% 
0.00% 
0.03% 
0.04% 
0.14% 
0.17% 
0.22% 
0.29% 
0.34% 
0.40% 
0.50% 
0.64% 
0.76% 
0.85% 
0.89% 
0.92% 
0.95% 
0.96% 
0.98% 
0.98% 
0.98% 
0.99% 
1.02% 
1.02% 
1.02% 
1.02% 
2014.Q3 
0.00% 
0.00% 
0.00% 
0.01% 
0.01% 
0.07% 
0.11% 
0.16% 
0.21% 
0.30% 
0.39% 
0.49% 
0.59% 
0.72% 
0.87% 
0.95% 
1.01% 
1.04% 
1.05% 
1.09% 
1.10% 
1.11% 
1.16% 
1.16% 
1.16% 
1.16% 
1.16% 
2014.Q4 
0.00% 
0.00% 
0.00% 
0.00% 
0.02% 
0.06% 
0.11% 
0.16% 
0.20% 
0.25% 
0.34% 
0.41% 
0.53% 
0.69% 
0.86% 
0.95% 
1.00% 
1.03% 
1.05% 
1.07% 
1.10% 
1.12% 
1.13% 
1.13% 
1.13% 
1.13% 
1.13% 
2015.Q1 
0.00% 
0.00% 
0.00% 
0.00% 
0.01% 
0.07% 
0.11% 
0.14% 
0.21% 
0.28% 
0.35% 
0.40% 
0.53% 
0.67% 
0.81% 
0.88% 
0.91% 
0.95% 
1.01% 
1.04% 
1.08% 
1.08% 
1.08% 
1.08% 
1.08% 
1.08% 
1.08% 
2015.Q2 
0.00% 
0.00% 
0.00% 
0.00% 
0.03% 
0.08% 
0.11% 
0.21% 
0.27% 
0.30% 
0.37% 
0.47% 
0.58% 
0.72% 
0.81% 
0.90% 
0.97% 
1.01% 
1.09% 
1.11% 
1.16% 
1.16% 
1.16% 
1.16% 
1.16% 
1.16% 
1.16% 
2015.Q3 
0.00% 
0.00% 
0.00% 
0.02% 
0.03% 
0.04% 
0.09% 
0.11% 
0.18% 
0.24% 
0.29% 
0.36% 
0.47% 
0.59% 
0.67% 
0.79% 
0.86% 
0.95% 
1.01% 
1.06% 
1.12% 
1.12% 
1.12% 
1.12% 
1.12% 
1.12% 
1.12% 
2015.Q4 
0.00% 
0.00% 
0.00% 
0.00% 
0.03% 
0.06% 
0.09% 
0.12% 
0.18% 
0.23% 
0.31% 
0.37% 
0.45% 
0.54% 
0.67% 
0.77% 
0.89% 
0.96% 
1.02% 
1.06% 
1.10% 
1.10% 
1.11% 
1.11% 
1.11% 
1.11% 
1.11% 
2016.Q1 
0.00% 
0.00% 
0.01% 
0.01% 
0.05% 
0.09% 
0.12% 
0.13% 
0.16% 
0.21% 
0.24% 
0.29% 
0.34% 
0.39% 
0.53% 
0.64% 
0.71% 
0.75% 
0.76% 
0.79% 
0.87% 
0.89% 
0.89% 
0.89% 
0.89% 
0.89% 
0.89% 
2016.Q2 
0.00% 
0.00% 
0.01% 
0.02% 
0.03% 
0.09% 
0.13% 
0.18% 
0.22% 
0.29% 
0.36% 
0.45% 
0.60% 
0.75% 
1.01% 
1.13% 
1.23% 
1.26% 
1.28% 
1.39% 
1.46% 
1.47% 
1.47% 
1.47% 
1.47% 
1.47% 
1.47%

--- Page 202 ---
- 191 - 
 
 
Cohort 
Year/Qrt 
00 
Mths 
03 
Mths 
06 
Mths 
09 
Mths 
 12 
Mths 
 15 
Mths 
 18 
Mths 
 21 
Mths 
 24 
Mths 
 27 
Mths 
 30 
Mths 
 33 
Mths 
 36 
Mths 
 39 
Mths 
 42 
Mths 
 45 
Mths 
 48 
Mths 
 51 
Mths 
 54 
Mths 
 57 
Mths 
 60 
Mths 
 63 
Mths 
 66 
Mths 
 69 
Mths 
 72 
Mths 
 75 
Mths 
 78 
Mths 
2016.Q3 
0.00% 
0.00% 
0.00% 
0.00% 
0.02% 
0.09% 
0.12% 
0.21% 
0.25% 
0.31% 
0.40% 
0.55% 
0.63% 
0.83% 
1.00% 
1.16% 
1.20% 
1.29% 
1.34% 
1.45% 
1.54% 
1.54% 
1.54% 
1.54% 
1.54% 
1.54% 
1.54% 
2016.Q4 
0.00% 
0.00% 
0.00% 
0.03% 
0.04% 
0.11% 
0.16% 
0.19% 
0.25% 
0.30% 
0.37% 
0.45% 
0.59% 
0.71% 
0.87% 
0.93% 
1.06% 
1.11% 
1.18% 
1.26% 
1.29% 
1.29% 
1.29% 
1.29% 
1.29% 
1.29% 
1.29% 
2017.Q1 
0.00% 
0.00% 
0.00% 
0.01% 
0.07% 
0.08% 
0.12% 
0.19% 
0.22% 
0.35% 
0.44% 
0.52% 
0.62% 
0.75% 
0.81% 
0.98% 
1.06% 
1.11% 
1.06% 
1.10% 
1.14% 
1.16% 
1.17% 
1.17% 
1.17% 
1.17% 
1.17% 
2017.Q2 
0.00% 
0.00% 
0.00% 
0.03% 
0.07% 
0.11% 
0.21% 
0.28% 
0.42% 
0.50% 
0.60% 
0.68% 
0.77% 
0.85% 
1.02% 
1.10% 
1.21% 
1.18% 
1.12% 
1.16% 
1.20% 
1.21% 
1.21% 
1.21% 
1.21% 
1.21% 
  
2017.Q3 
0.00% 
0.00% 
0.01% 
0.03% 
0.04% 
0.09% 
0.24% 
0.36% 
0.44% 
0.54% 
0.59% 
0.67% 
0.71% 
0.81% 
0.86% 
0.99% 
1.03% 
0.99% 
0.95% 
1.00% 
1.05% 
1.06% 
1.06% 
1.06% 
1.06% 
  
  
2017.Q4 
0.00% 
0.00% 
0.00% 
0.03% 
0.04% 
0.12% 
0.20% 
0.29% 
0.37% 
0.50% 
0.56% 
0.61% 
0.68% 
0.71% 
0.80% 
0.84% 
0.82% 
0.82% 
0.80% 
0.83% 
0.85% 
0.85% 
0.85% 
0.85% 
  
  
  
2018.Q1 
0.00% 
0.00% 
0.00% 
0.01% 
0.04% 
0.14% 
0.18% 
0.25% 
0.29% 
0.37% 
0.43% 
0.51% 
0.54% 
0.60% 
0.55% 
0.54% 
0.57% 
0.56% 
0.54% 
0.57% 
0.58% 
0.60% 
0.60% 
  
  
  
  
2018.Q2 
0.00% 
0.00% 
0.00% 
0.01% 
0.06% 
0.12% 
0.22% 
0.28% 
0.36% 
0.42% 
0.53% 
0.56% 
0.61% 
0.56% 
0.52% 
0.54% 
0.55% 
0.58% 
0.57% 
0.65% 
0.70% 
0.70% 
  
  
  
  
  
2018.Q3 
0.00% 
0.00% 
0.00% 
0.03% 
0.09% 
0.18% 
0.25% 
0.34% 
0.38% 
0.48% 
0.51% 
0.59% 
0.61% 
0.56% 
0.55% 
0.60% 
0.62% 
0.62% 
0.61% 
0.69% 
0.74% 
  
  
  
  
  
  
2018.Q4 
0.00% 
0.00% 
0.01% 
0.03% 
0.10% 
0.21% 
0.27% 
0.36% 
0.47% 
0.51% 
0.55% 
0.56% 
0.58% 
0.59% 
0.58% 
0.60% 
0.64% 
0.65% 
0.63% 
0.71% 
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
2019.Q1 
0.00% 
0.00% 
0.01% 
0.02% 
0.06% 
0.13% 
0.20% 
0.29% 
0.33% 
0.42% 
0.45% 
0.50% 
0.52% 
0.55% 
0.56% 
0.61% 
0.62% 
0.66% 
0.63% 
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
2019.Q2 
0.00% 
0.00% 
0.00% 
0.01% 
0.07% 
0.11% 
0.17% 
0.21% 
0.28% 
0.32% 
0.33% 
0.35% 
0.39% 
0.43% 
0.47% 
0.48% 
0.50% 
0.50% 
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
2019.Q3 
0.00% 
0.00% 
0.01% 
0.02% 
0.04% 
0.10% 
0.12% 
0.21% 
0.25% 
0.29% 
0.36% 
0.40% 
0.45% 
0.46% 
0.46% 
0.48% 
0.51% 
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
2019.Q4 
0.00% 
0.00% 
0.01% 
0.01% 
0.04% 
0.06% 
0.10% 
0.14% 
0.20% 
0.25% 
0.29% 
0.33% 
0.39% 
0.41% 
0.42% 
0.43% 
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
2020.Q1 
0.00% 
0.00% 
0.00% 
0.01% 
0.02% 
0.08% 
0.13% 
0.16% 
0.21% 
0.26% 
0.27% 
0.30% 
0.31% 
0.33% 
0.32% 
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
2020.Q2 
0.00% 
0.00% 
0.00% 
0.00% 
0.02% 
0.05% 
0.10% 
0.14% 
0.24% 
0.33% 
0.33% 
0.34% 
0.34% 
0.34% 
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
2020.Q3 
0.00% 
0.00% 
0.00% 
0.01% 
0.03% 
0.04% 
0.06% 
0.10% 
0.14% 
0.16% 
0.19% 
0.21% 
0.22% 
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
2020.Q4 
0.00% 
0.00% 
0.00% 
0.01% 
0.01% 
0.08% 
0.12% 
0.17% 
0.20% 
0.24% 
0.26% 
0.31% 
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
2021.Q1 
0.00% 
0.00% 
0.00% 
0.01% 
0.02% 
0.05% 
0.09% 
0.14% 
0.15% 
0.18% 
0.18% 
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
2021.Q2 
0.00% 
0.00% 
0.00% 
0.01% 
0.07% 
0.11% 
0.15% 
0.18% 
0.23% 
0.24% 
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
2021.Q3 
0.00% 
0.00% 
0.00% 
0.03% 
0.06% 
0.11% 
0.15% 
0.20% 
0.20% 
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
2021.Q4 
0.00% 
0.00% 
0.00% 
0.01% 
0.04% 
0.10% 
0.13% 
0.14% 
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
2022.Q1 
0.00% 
0.00% 
0.00% 
0.02% 
0.03% 
0.07% 
0.07% 
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
2022.Q2 
0.00% 
0.00% 
0.00% 
0.01% 
0.01% 
0.02% 
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
2022.Q3 
0.00% 
0.00% 
0.00% 
0.01% 
0.02% 
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
2022.Q4 
0.00% 
0.00% 
0.00% 
0.00% 
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
2023.Q1 
0.00% 
0.00% 
0.00% 
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
2023.Q2 
0.00% 
0.00% 
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
2023.Q3 
0.00% 
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
0.00% 
0.00% 
0.00% 
0.00% 
0.00% 
0.00% 
0.00% 
0.00% 
0.00% 
0.00% 
0.00% 
0.00% 
0.00% 
0.00% 
0.00% 
0.00% 
0.00% 
0.00% 
0.00% 
0.00% 
0.00% 
0.00% 
0.00% 
0.00% 
0.00% 
0.00%

--- Page 203 ---
- 192 -

--- Page 204 ---
- 193 - 
 
 
WEIGHTED AVERAGE LIFE OF THE NOTES 
Weighted Average Life of the Notes 
Weighted average lives of the Notes refer to the average amount of time that will elapse (assuming a year 
consisting of 12 months of 30 days each) from the date of issuance of a Note to the date of distribution of 
amounts to the investor distributed in reduction of principal of such Note (assuming no losses) to zero. The 
weighted average life of the Notes will be influenced by, amongst other things, the rate at which the Purchased 
Receivables are paid, which may be in the form of scheduled amortisation, prepayments or liquidations. 
Purchased Receivables 
The following table is prepared on the basis of certain assumptions, as described below, regarding the 
weighted average characteristics of the Purchased Receivables and the performance thereof. 
The table assumes, among other things, that the Issuer holds a pool of purchased receivables with the 
following characteristics: 
(a) 
the Portfolio is subject to a constant annual rate of prepayment as set out under "CPR"; 
(b) 
no purchased receivables are repurchased by the Seller; 
(c) 
each series of Notes is expected to have the characteristics on Closing Date as set out in the following 
table:  
 
Class A Notes 
Series 
Outstanding Balance 
Fixed Rate under the Swap 
Amortisation Status 
Series 2023-1 Class A Notes 
GBP 419,500,000.00 
5.285% 
Revolving 
Series 2023-2 Class A Notes 
GBP 200,000,000.00 
5.285% 
Revolving 
Series 2023-3 Class A Notes 
GBP 425,000,000.00 
5.285% 
Revolving 
Series 2023-4 Class A Notes 
GBP 100,000,000.00 
5.285% 
Revolving 
Series 2023-5 Class A Notes 
GBP 200,000,000.00 
5.285% 
Revolving 
Series 2023-6 Class A Notes 
GBP 444,500,000.00 
5.285% 
Revolving 
Series 2023-7 Class A Notes 
GBP 484,500,000.00 
5.285% 
Revolving 
Series 2023-8 Class A Notes 
GBP 316,800,000.00 
5.285% 
Revolving 
Series 2023-9 Class A Notes 
GBP 40,000,000.00 
5.285% 
Revolving 
Series 2023-10 Class A Notes 
GBP 271,800,000.00 
5.285% 
Revolving 
Series 2023-11 Class A Notes 
GBP 151,900,000.00 
5.285% 
Revolving 
 
Class B Notes 
Series 
Outstanding Balance 
Fixed Rate under the Swap 
Amortisation Status 
Series 2023-1 Class B Notes 
GBP 127,700,000.00 
6.15% 
Revolving 
Series 2023-2 Class B Notes 
GBP 20,000,000.00 
6.15% 
Revolving 
Series 2023-3 Class B Notes 
GBP 64,100,000.00 
6.15% 
Revolving 
Series 2023-4 Class B Notes 
GBP 23,100,000.00 
6.15% 
Revolving 
Series 2023-5 Class B Notes 
GBP 71,000,000.00 
6.15% 
Revolving 
 
(d) 
the Clean-Up Call will be exercised at the earliest Payment Date possible; 
(e) 
the Purchased Receivables are fully performing (no losses or delinquencies occur for whatever 
reason); 
(f) 
the Discount Rate of 8.60 per cent. per annum; and the Monthly Payments are discounted back to the 
assumed Initial Cut-Off Date or the assumed Additional Cut-off Date, as applicable; 
(g) 
the weighted average fixed rate of the fixed rates under the Swap Agreement and of the Subordinated 
Loan is assumed to be 5.7521 per cent.; 
(h) 
third party expenses and servicer fees together are assumed to be 1.03 per cent. per annum of the 
Aggregate Discounted Receivables Balance;

--- Page 205 ---
- 194 - 
 
 
(i) 
no Early Amortisation Event has occurred; 
(j) 
no tap issuance has been made; 
(k) 
no extension of the Revolving Period; 
(l) 
each Series of Notes amortises at the end of the Revolving Period (except the amortising series as at 
the Closing Date – see table above);  
(m) 
no swap event of default or termination event occurs and no swap payments are due to the Swap 
Counterparties other than the Net Swap Payments due under item fifth of the pre-enforcement Order 
of Priority, and 
(n) 
the Subordinated Loan balance is GBP 635,120,529.50.

--- Page 206 ---
- 195 - 
 
 
The approximate weighted average lives of the Notes, at various assumed rates of prepayment of the 
purchased receivables, would be as follows, whereby "CPR" means the annual constant prepayment rate 
Revolving Series  
 
 
  
Class A Notes 
Class B Notes 
CPR 
Weighted 
Average Life 
First Principal 
Payment 
Last Principal 
Payment 
Weighted 
Average Life 
First Principal 
Payment 
Last Principal 
Payment 
0% 
2.52 years 
Dec-23 
Sep-27 
2.62 years 
Sep-24 
Sep-27 
10% 
2.34 years 
Dec-23 
Aug-27 
2.43 years 
Jul-24 
Aug-27 
20% 
2.16 years 
Dec-23 
Jun-27 
2.24 years 
Jun-24 
Jun-27 
30% 
2.00 years 
Dec-23 
Apr-27 
2.07 years 
May-24 
Apr-27 
 
The exact weighted average lives of the Notes cannot be predicted as the actual rate at which the purchased 
receivables will be repaid and a number of other relevant factors are unknown. 
The weighted average lives of the Notes are subject to factors largely outside the control of the Issuer, acting 
for and on behalf of its Compartment 7, and consequently no assurance can be given that the assumptions 
and the estimates above will prove in any way to be realistic and they must therefore be viewed with 
considerable caution. 
The information set out in this section entitled "WEIGHTED AVERAGE LIFE OF THE NOTES" has been 
provided by the Lead Manager for use in this Base Prospectus and the Lead Manager (subject to the 
qualifications in this section) is solely responsible for the accuracy of the information set out in this section 
entitled "WEIGHTED AVERAGE LIFE OF THE NOTES" taking into account the assumptions selected above, 
except to the extent that any inaccuracy results from information provided by VWFS to the Lead Manager for 
the purpose of preparing this section of the Base Prospectus in which case VWFS is solely responsible for 
the accuracy of the information set out in this section entitled "WEIGHTED AVERAGE LIFE OF THE NOTES" 
to the extent of the inaccuracy. 
 
To the best knowledge and belief of the Issuer, the above information has been accurately reproduced. The 
Issuer is able to ascertain from the above information provided by the Lead Manager that no facts have been 
omitted which would render the reproduced information inaccurate or misleading.

--- Page 207 ---
- 196 - 
 
 
THE SELLER AND SERVICER 
BUSINESS AND ORGANISATION OF VOLKSWAGEN FINANCIAL SERVICES (UK) LIMITED 
Auto Finance Business in the United Kingdom 
The significant pandemic related supply issues for key components such as semiconductors continued into 
2022 where the impact was even more significant than in 2021 on new vehicle registration volumes. This was 
especially the case in the first half of the year and despite several months of growth in year on year sales in 
new vehicles during the second half of 2022 the market finished 2% down on 2021 with 1.61 million units. 
However, the used car market continued to perform well with demand and valuations remaining strong, this 
enabled the company to continue to grow the balance sheet, although at a much slower rate than seen in the 
pre-pandemic years.  
Volkswagen Group United Kingdom Limited saw a decrease in market share in the year at 21.5% (2022: 
23.5%) with new car registrations year on year decreased by 10.29% to 347,261 units (2022: 387,104 units). 
Penetration rate, a measure of the number of new cars funded by VWFS as a percentage of total VW Group 
registrations, increased in the year to 51.2% (2021: 49.8%) continuing to show strong commitment to our 
products. 
New business written in the year increased 4.4% with 361,022 (2021: 345,669) vehicles being financed with 
the total value funded during the year of £8,799m (2021: £8,008m).  New car business increased marginally 
from 2021 with £5,305m advanced in 2022 compared to £5,256m an increase of 0.9% with the supply 
restrictions mentioned limiting recovery post COVID. When compared to the last pre-pandemic year, 2019, 
new business was down just under 10%. 2022 saw further expansion in used vehicle sales for the company, 
volumes were up 21.7% with 174,458 contracts activated compared to 143,340 in 2021, and this is also up 
19% on pre-pandemic 2019. Used car advances were up 27.0% at £3,495m this is the result of the strong 
operational performance by the business driving volumes and the high used vehicle valuations supporting 
value.  
In the new car market there continued to be strong growth in electric vehicle sales with Battery Electric 
Vehicles (BEV) surpassing diesel for the first time to become the second most popular powertrain behind 
petrol with 16.6% market share. There continues to be a need for the infrastructure to support electric vehicle 
growth to be in place and expand as popularity increases. Petrol still remains the most popular engine type 
with just under 56% market share including mild hybrid petrol vehicles, a drop of just over 2% on 2021. Diesel 
registrations continued to fall finishing the year with under 10% market share, including mild hybrid, for new 
registrations in the year. The company continues to develop products specifically to support the expansion 
of the electric vehicle offering of the brands. 
 
The company has a strong financial result recording an operating profit of £649.0m for the year, this was 
however down 6.7% on 2021(increase of 120% from £315.4m, the main driver of the positive performance 
being improvements in used car market values, although this was in part offset with significant increases in 
funding costs in the year. Net finance lease receivables increased by £0.6bn to £14.3bn (2021:£13.7bn) while 
operating lease assets Increased from £2.6bn to £2.8bn.    
 
 
 
Interest costs increased significantly in 2022 compared to 2021 with the rises in interest rates seen across 
the globe, the company has maintained a broadly stable funding requirement as a result of the stable book, 
VWFS also has a robust hedging strategy which reduces exposure to interest rates risk. 
During 2022 funding was renewed on three existing ABS transactions. The Driver UK Master S.A. acting as 
Driver UK Master Compartment two transaction was renewed in November 2022 at a size of £6.64bn. The 
Driver UK Master S.A. acting as Driver UK Master Compartment three transaction was renewed in September 
2022 at a size of £610m. The Driver UK Multi-Compartment S.A. acting as Private Driver UK 2020-1 was 
renewed in June 2022 at a size of £711m. The Driver UK Multi-Compartment S.A. acting as Private Driver 
UK 2020-1 transaction saw a further tap up issuances of £136m in June 2022, taking the transaction to £867m 
in total. 
With regards to availability of liquidity it can be said that even in a high stress scenario the company continues 
to have sufficient levels of liquidity to service debts and fund expected volumes of new business.  The post-
COVID day to day operations are well embedded within the organisation and support and demonstrate the

--- Page 208 ---
- 197 - 
 
 
success of the company's long established business continuity plans. All employees now have the option to 
work on hybrid contracts and the business is able to operate all functions remotely, in the office or hybrid.  
Incorporation, Registered Office and Purpose 
VWFS is a wholly owned subsidiary of Volkswagen Finance Overseas B.V. which has its headquarters in 
Amsterdam, The Netherlands. Volkswagen Finance Overseas B.V. is a wholly owned subsidiary of 
Volkswagen Financial Services AG which has its headquarters in Braunschweig, Germany. VWFS was 
incorporated on 11 November 1993 and commenced trading on 1 April 1994. It is currently the second largest 
(in terms of retail financing) finance subsidiary within the VW Group after the German parent company 
operation. 
Prior to 1994, financial services within the UK were operated under a joint venture agreement, between V.A.G 
(UK) Limited and Lloyds-Bowmaker (now LUDT) and marketed under the trading name of V.A.G Finance. In 
1994 VWFS began to trade within the UK. Core finance case administrative functions were sub-contracted to 
Lloyds-Bowmaker. 
In June 1999, following the development of core operating systems, staffing and processes, VWFS began 
the origination of finance contracts in order to create its own business portfolio. Existing contracts continued 
to be administered by Lloyds-Bowmaker. 
VWFS provides financial services to support all of the automotive brands within the VW Group. These include 
Volkswagen (including Volkswagen commercial vehicles), Audi, Bentley, SEAT and Skoda. 
Since July 2010, VWFS has also provided financial services to Porsche Cars Great Britain. At the end of 
November 2016 VWFS acquired the shares of MAN Financial Services P.L.C. (MFS) from its parent company 
Volkswagen Bank GmbH (VW Bank).  
VWFS' administrative headquarters are within a purpose built complex located at Milton Keynes, 
Buckinghamshire, England. At the end of 2022 the company employed 989 staff. Milton Keynes is also the 
base for the headquarters of Volkswagen Group (UK) Ltd which is the UK importer for Volkswagen (including 
Volkswagen commercial vehicles), Audi, Skoda and SEAT. 
VWFS co-operates closely with a substantially large number of dealerships of the VW Group. A dealer can 
thus offer the Obligor a complete, competent, personal one-stop service from a single source, including the 
financing. The co-operation between VWFS, the importer and the dealer-partner is established by dealer 
agreements. Under these agreements, the dealer-partner is given the responsibility for marketing the 
products and services of the VW Group and VWFS and to service the trade-marked products of the VW 
Group and VWFS. Dealers receive valuable support in the form of diverse training measures and extensive 
marketing support. 
VWFS is incorporated under the laws of the England as a company with limited liability having its corporate 
seat at Milton Keynes, United Kingdom and its registered offices at Brunswick Court, Yeomans Drive, 
Blakelands, Milton Keynes with registered number 02835230. 
Origination and Securitisation Expertise 
As already set out under the section "Incorporation, Registered Office and Purpose" one of the main purposes 
of VWFS for almost 3 decades has been the origination, underwriting and servicing of finance contracts of a 
similar nature to those securitised under this Transaction. The members of its management body and the 
senior staff of VWFS have adequate knowledge and skills in originating, underwriting and servicing 
automotive finance receivables, similar to the automotive finance receivables included in the Portfolio, gained 
through years of practice and continuing education. The members of the management body and VWFS senior 
staff have been appropriately involved within the governance structure of the functions of originating and 
underwriting of the Portfolio. Additionally, VWFS has been securitising finance contracts actively since 2002 
through private as well as public securitisation transactions, similar to this Transaction. The members of its 
management body and the senior staff responsible for the securitisation transactions of VWFS have also 
professional experience in the securitisation of automotive finance receivables of many years, gained through 
years of practice and continuing education. Other subsidiaries of Volkswagen AG have also been securitising

--- Page 209 ---
- 198 - 
 
 
lease receivables and loan receivables all across Europe, Australia, Brazil, Canada, Japan, China, Turkey 
and USA.

--- Page 210 ---
- 199 - 
 
 
 
BUSINESS PROCEDURES OF VOLKSWAGEN FINANCIAL SERVICES (UK) LIMITED 
Under the Servicing Agreement, the Receivables are to be administered together with all other receivables 
of VWFS according to VWFS' normal business procedures as they exist from time to time.  The Obligors will 
not be notified of the fact that the receivables from their Financing Contracts have been assigned to the Issuer, 
except upon the occurrence of a Notification Event. The normal business procedures of VWFS currently 
include the following:  
Negotiation of the Financing Contract and Appraisal of the Creditworthiness of the Prospective 
Obligor 
Before an application is accepted, VWFS checks the credit standing of the Obligor. Retail applications 
(consumer and commercial) are assessed against a scoring model and internal policy rules; if the results of 
the scoring are above a prescribed level and all rules are satisfied the application will approve automatically. 
For this purpose information from credit reference agencies and data of Obligor profile are brought together 
into the connect online system. 
The scoring system is data driven, takes into account different criteria and factors, and has been developed 
using advanced analytical techniques. Consumer applications are assessed against a scorecard which has 
been developed using the logistic regression methodology. Depending on the respective information which 
applies to each criterion, the financing application receives a certain amount of points per criterion based on 
statistical methods and historical experience. The sum of scores gives VWFS an assessment of the risk of 
granting finance to the respective applicant and every application is awarded a Risk Band (A-D, Z). 
Commercial applications are processed through a scoring model which has been developed using a machine 
learning algorithm trained on an extensive historical dataset. The machine learning adopted by VWFS is 
"supervised"; the algorithm iteratively predicts on the training data and is corrected when those predictions 
are not correct. Every application is awarded a score which is mapped to the VWFS Risk Bands (A-D, Z) and 
represents the risk of granting finance to the respective applicant.  
Consumer applications not automatically accepted by the scoring system are processed through an additional 
machine learning model which outputs a probability that the application will be accepted. This model is based 
on historical underwriter behaviour and decisions. If the probability of accept is below the threshold set by 
VWFS the application will be returned to an underwriter in the new business department and the application 
will be manually declined. Applications above the cut off will either approve automatically or be referred to an 
employee of the new business department for further review if required and for a final decision.  
All commercial applications not automatically accepted by the scoring system will be returned to new business 
for further review. The employees of the new business department have a high level of experience in 
underwriting (generally with at least two years or more experience underwriting and a wider experience within 
VWFS). Each employee is personally assigned a credit limit up to which she/he may underwrite a loan referred 
to them.  
The scoring process (in particular the weight or the value of the individual scoring criteria and the scoring 
result) is treated as strictly confidential by VWFS. The performance of the scoring system is monitored 
regularly by VWFS. Changes to the scoring system are based on the results of regular VWFS statistical 
analysis through an annual validation/recalibration cycle (or sooner if movements are spotted before).  The 
performance of the machine learning models is also monitored closely using a bespoke monitoring tool. The 
models implemented are "constrained" meaning that the model does not continually re-fit and recalibrate itself 
and the output remains static. This ensures that the models are transparent and VWFS are able to explain 
the model and its results/decision. 
The Obligor pays a contractually specified monthly instalment at a stipulated payment date, with the number 
of payments corresponding with the number of months covered by the financing period. In the case of 
personal contract purchase agreements a larger final instalment is due at the end of the Financing Contract 
term. Under personal contract purchase agreements the Obligor has the right to return the vehicle at the 
contract maturity without payment of the balloon payment, provided that if the vehicle has completed greater 
than the specified number of miles, excess mileage charges are due from the Obligor.

--- Page 211 ---
- 200 - 
 
 
VWFS requests each Obligor to accept a procedure by which the monthly instalments shall be debited directly 
from the Obligor's bank account. So far over 99 per cent of all Obligors voluntarily chose to make use of this 
procedure. 
The information provided below further describes the VWFS lending process. 
The Lending Approval Process 
VWFS operates a linear multi-stage lending approval process. Systemically, only once each particular stage 
in question has been successfully processed will consideration of the next stage begin. This policy sets out 
the key questions, tests and standards at each stage of the approval process.  Following the system 
processing for each credit application, it is possible for a customer to achieve an automatic approval which 
would be automatically communicated to the retailer. Whilst VWFS has ‘knock-out criteria’, no automated 
decline process exists and all cases not automatically approved are reviewed by an appropriately skilled 
individual. This means that none of the rules set in the 7 stage process described below have been breached 
on origination of any Receivable.  
The rules are generated using information obtained from credit reference agencies, application data and 
information from internal VWFS systems.  VWFS will assess the creditworthiness of every customer before 
entering into a regulated/unregulated credit or regulated/unregulated hire agreement.  
In addition to performing a creditworthiness assessment on a proposed customer, VWFS will also carry out a 
creditworthiness assessment on any guarantor to a regulated credit agreement or regulated hire agreement, 
where such a guarantor is proposed.  
Creditworthiness and Affordability Assessments 
VWFS fulfil the creditworthiness and affordability criteria via the Connect Online point of sale system. Credit 
rules are housed in a system called Decision Strategy and the maintenance and management of those core 
requirements is managed by the VWFS UK Risk Team. The process flow below shows the key components 
of the process flow and possible outcomes and rationale to assess customer’s creditworthiness and 
affordability in order to fulfil the FCA’s lending expectation. If a credit rule is not passed, i.e. credit referral 
reasons, it results in a plain English referral reason that is communicated to the underwriter by the private 
notes section in Connect Online. This referral reason is reviewed by the underwriter and should the 
creditworthiness and affordability criteria not be met, further work will be undertaken before a decline is 
communicated to the customer.  
Process Flow for Risk and Business Rules 
The below details the process flows for the risk and business rules at application / acceptance: 
1. 
Absolute Rules - The absolute rules ensure that VWFS product policy is adhered to, including but 
not limited to the agreement term and deposit percentage. These are usually linked to product policy. 
These rules ensure that VWFS does not transact business outside of its product policy.  
2. 
Responsible Lending - Responsible lending rules are based on data returned from the credit 
reference agencies and ensure that VWFS adheres to responsible lending rules (for example CIFAS, 
and customer tracing type rules). These rules also flag potential application fraud and ensure 
enhanced due diligence processes are adhered to by flagging high-risk individuals, including 
beneficial owners of companies, who are on the PEPS and Sanctions lists.  
3. 
Z-Band - The Z-Band rule is based on the score returned from the credit scoring process. It is 
expected that manual underwriting decline the application if the score returned is below the 
predetermined cut-off. These rules ensure that VWFS do not transact with a non-creditworthy 
borrower.  
4. 
Proposal Rules - The proposal rules are based on specific proposal related indicators such as 
current commitment and loan to value. These are similar to absolute rules but where VWFS operate 
with tolerance based on underwriter assessment. This rule ensures that the product is fit for the 
customer.

--- Page 212 ---
- 201 - 
 
 
5. 
Borrower Unit - All applications are assessed to establish whether the applicant belongs to a 
Borrower Unit. If any of the Borrower Unit rules are flagged a manual review will be conducted to 
assess whether the customer belongs to an existing Borrower Unit or to enable the creation of a new 
entity-level Borrower Unit. This rule is looking for connected parties to the customer and trying to 
establish the customer's true exposure. 
6. 
Risk Rules Consumer - The consumer risk rules are based on a combination of the score returned 
from the credit scoring process and whether the applicant has adverse Closed User Group data 
returned from the credit reference agencies. This allows VWFS to call out high-risk customer profiles.  
7. 
Affordability Rules Consumer - The affordability rules ensure that VWFS conduct a manual 
assessment of applicants who fail the affordability checks. The application will be referred to the 
manual underwriting team who will carry out additional checks to assess whether the customer is 
able to repay the loan in a sustainable manner. 
8. 
Risk Rules Commercial - The commercial risk rules are based on a combination of external credit 
reference agency data and application data, including balance sheet information and adverse data 
returned from the bureau.  
If any of the above business or risk rules are flagged the credit application will be referred out for manual 
review or, for consumer applications, will be processed through the “constrained” machine learning model 
which outputs the probability that the application will be accepted. Applications processed through this model 
will either approve automatically subject to the probability of accept being above the required cut-off set by 
VWFS, or will be referred to an underwriter for manual review including where further regulatory checks are 
required. 
Know Your Customer  
VWFS verifies the identity of applicants for credit electronically using credit reference agency data or with 
driving licences and/or other proofs. VWFS will also follow fraud prevention processes as per its established 
operating practices. 
As part of our contract activation process only, we engage with outsourced partners to support the workload 
demand curve we see every month end, to ensure we meet the customer demand. These outsourced partners 
go through a stringent training programme and are continually supported and monitored by tenured VWFS 
colleagues. 
Collections and Recoveries 
VWFS Arrears Management policy is designed to ensure that those customers in arrears or those who have 
indicated to VWFS that they are struggling to make payments are treated fairly, reasonably and responsibly. 
It also aims to ensure that customers are clearly informed and that matters are dealt with in a timely manner.  
VWFS’ collections policy pays specific regard to the Financial Conduct Authority (FCA) guidance and rules, 
including Principle 6 and Section 7 of the Consumer Credit Sourcebook (CONC). The below reflects VWFS 
Arrears Management Policy Approach - VWFS ensures that: 
1. There are clear standards governing the management of arrears; 
2. VWFS acts as a responsible lender and the customer is always treated fairly throughout the lifetime 
of the relationship; 
3. Regulatory and industry principles are adhered to; 
4. VWFS communicates with customers in a fair, timely, clear and courteous manner and does not put 
undue pressure on the customer being consistent with the principles of TCF; 
5. Customer information is not disclosed to unknown third parties without expressed consent of the 
customer and that their information is protected in line with the UK General Data Protection 
Regulation;

--- Page 213 ---
- 202 - 
 
 
6. Losses are minimised by effectively handling past due accounts, using the most cost effective 
methods available without compromising customer interest; 
7. Customers are not subject to harassment, threatening behaviour or act in any way that may 
embarrass the customer in public; 
8. VWFS will also review policies and procedures in an effort to deliver the best results based on 
customer needs, business needs and within the regulatory guidelines; and 
9. All communications with customers including letters will be reviewed on an annual basis or earlier if 
necessary. 
Overview of the Collections Function 
VWFS aims to treat customers with respect, in a calm and professional manner, and demonstrating an 
empathetic and flexible approach. All customers are individuals, with potentially unique circumstances, which 
will be taken into consideration when determining the appropriate action taken which ensures fair customer 
outcomes via justified forbearance and avoids over-forbearance which is particularly important with a 
depreciating asset. The function of the department is to work with customers who are experiencing, or indicate 
to VWFS that they are about to or likely to experience financial difficulty, which is, or will adversely affect their 
ability to make their contractual vehicle finance payments or shortfall balance. At the point of the payment not 
being made on the agreed date the agreement will fall into arrears and be subject to the collections processes. 
In summary VWFS receives regular direct debit payments from Obligors on the due date specified in the 
Financing Contract. If a payment is not received by VWFS it is usual for VWFS to automatically re-present 
the direct debit application request. If payment fails for a second time, VWFS will contact the Obligors by 
multiple contact channels such as telephone, letter, SMS and e-mail. All Financing Contracts in arrears are 
managed by a bespoke Experian automated collections system, Tallyman which is risk based. 
The aim is to identify, wherever possible, workable arrangements and to allow the customer reasonable time 
and opportunity to repay amounts where required. These solutions are designed around the customer’s 
personal and financial circumstances, to enable them to retain their vehicle where feasible (feasible is defined 
as the customer can meet the requirements of the arrangement and this is within established guidelines).  
Where appropriate, VWFS will signpost the availability of impartial not for profit debt advice services. An FCA 
fact sheet is also available to VWFS' customers. The customer is provided with a regular statement whilst in 
arrears and a range of options are considered when agreeing an arrangement to clear the arrears. 
Collections and Recoveries advisors have the authority to enable them to work effectively with the customer 
and have access to a higher authority referral process for accounts that fall outside of their mandate.  The 
team are focused on achieving a good outcome with the customer so where forbearance is being considered 
the mandate is not applicable. VWFS's advisors are flexible to allow for alternative, affordable payment 
amounts with the customer. VWFS will always look to understand the customer’s financial circumstances, 
why the customer is experiencing financial difficulties and work with the customer to tailor a payment plan 
according to their financial circumstances, taking into account whether or not the customer is still in 
possession of VWFS' vehicle.  VWFS will only proceed to debt collection, litigation or repossession action 
after attempting to agree an acceptable payment plan with the customer.  
VWFS has a panel of specialist debt recovery firms who advise on the appropriate actions to take both before 
and leading to/during legal proceedings. Procedures differ dependent upon the geographic location of the 
agreement holder i.e. whether the customer is situated within the legal jurisdictions of England and Wales, 
Scotland or Northern Ireland. 
VWFS ensures that its Collections employees are trained to an appropriate standard both in induction and 
during the course of their employment. Training will include: induction, role specific, I-Learns, ongoing 
competency, coaching and performance management. 
Collections standards 
VWFS Collections Department promotes a professional service at all times and must meet the following 
conduct standards. VWFS will also provide adequate and appropriate training to colleagues to meet the 
conduct requirements as detailed below: 
1. 
VWFS will not act in any way that could adversely impact on the customer’s confidence that VWFS 
is a business where the fair treatment of customers is central to its culture;

--- Page 214 ---
- 203 - 
 
 
2. 
VWFS will take reasonable steps to demonstrate that all members of VWFS and its outsourced 
partners comply with the requirements of the FCA Handbook, specifically those requirements 
contained in CONC, tailored support guidance and Consumer Duty; 
3. 
When providing information to customers, VWFS will aim to display the information clearly and in a 
manner the customer will understand; 
4. 
VWFS will not subject customers to aggressive or oppressive behaviour. This includes acting in a 
threatening manner towards the customer; 
5. 
VWFS will not unfairly coerce or try to pressure customers;  
6. 
VWFS will not take advantage of a customer’s lack of knowledge or understanding of debt and debt 
collection activities; 
7. 
VWFS will negotiate with customers to reach a sustainable, realistic arrangement to clear arrears; 
8. 
VWFS will never misrepresent VWFS legal position, or the legal position of the customer’s liability; 
9. 
VWFS will not contact the customer at unreasonable times; 
10. 
VWFS will not instruct any third parties to visit the customer at an inappropriate location, such as a 
hospital or their place of work, unless this has previously been agreed with the customer or the 
contract is with a company and the visit is to the company premises; 
11. 
As appropriate, VWFS will explain to the customer that free and independent debt advice is available; 
12. 
If the customer indicates that they dispute the debt, VWFS will cease debt recovery activities until 
the complaint has been fully investigated; 
13. 
VWFS will not apply to the court for an order for sale or submit a bankruptcy petition without having 
fully explored all other options.  This is a rare action for VWFS to undertake and will only ever be 
taken with the approval of the Head of Collections Operations; 
14. 
VWFS will not threaten to commence court action, including an application for a charging order or 
order for sale, in order to pressurise a customer in default or arrears difficulties to pay more than they 
can reasonably afford but will instead provide factual information relating to consequences of non-
payments; 
15. 
VWFS will provide information of any arrears and balance owing to the customer or person acting on 
behalf of the customer where the customer offers a payment lower than the total amount owing; 
16. 
VWFS will provide to the customer, upon request, information on the status of their account where 
VWFS has decided to stop pursuing the debt; 
17. 
VWFS contracts with customers work within UK laws in terms of contracting, however where the 
vehicle has moved jurisdictions the team will deal within any other geographical jurisdiction. 
18. 
VWFS will take reasonable steps with all of its outsourced partners to ensure they act within all 
regulatory guidelines with VWFS' customers in relation to debt collection visits; 
19. 
VWFS will not misrepresent its authority or status when dealing with customers; and 
20. 
VWFS will ensure that all customer information is dealt with in accordance with its Data Protection 
Policy and Outsourcing Policy. 
Payment Plans & Proposals 
If a Customer advises they are developing a repayment plan, VWFS will make it clear that it is willing to listen 
to their proposals. If a Customer advises they are developing a repayment plan – including if the Customer 
advises that a DMC is assisting in the formulation of the plan – VWFS will take details from the Customer as 
to when they believe the plan will be finalised. VWFS will ensure these details are noted in the VWFS system 
and provide ‘breathing space’ for the customer where relevant.  However the customer will continue to receive 
VWFS' regulatory arrears letters in order that the customer is kept up to date with their agreement.  VWFS 
does not support the use of continuous payment authority for itself or via its external third parties.

--- Page 215 ---
- 204 - 
 
 
Forbearance 
When a customer falls into an arrears position VWFS will treat the customer with empathy and, where 
appropriate, with justified forbearance.  VWFS will enable the customer to make the payments up to the 
original term of the agreement and will only consider extending collection past the end of the contract in cases 
where a higher authority referral process has been used or the contract has been terminated by VWFS.   
To ensure repayments are sustainable and affordable for the customer, where applicable VWFS will utilise 
the Income and Expenditure form when agreeing arrears repayment plans with customers where relevant 
and will never pressurise customers to pay more than they can afford. 
VWFS do not charge additional interest on live arrears contracts. VWFS will charge statutory interest after a 
judgment has been obtained by its panel of law firms.  These partners have the authority to suspend 
application or collection of this statutory interest as part of the forbearance tools. VWFS does not in principal 
support the long term use of payment holidays or small token payments whilst the contract is live and the 
vehicle remains with the customer. This is due to the value of the vehicle depreciating every month, which 
would in turn increase the customer indebtedness and lead to a detrimental outcome for the customer. Where 
the vehicle has been recovered and a shortfall debt remains, forbearance tools will be used appropriately.   
Performing Accounts and Pre Arrears Accounts 
Customers are encouraged to contact VWFS if they foresee difficulty in maintaining their current payments. 
The customers’ circumstances will be discussed and VWFS will try to establish the reasons behind potential 
future non-payment and signpost the customers’ options. 
Vulnerable Customers 
Under the FCA's definition a vulnerable consumer is someone who, due to their personal circumstances, is 
especially susceptible to detriment. VWFS recognises that vulnerability can impact its customers at any time 
whether temporary or permanent. The situations and circumstances of vulnerable individuals are diverse, 
complex and dynamic: the experience of vulnerability is unpredictable, and it can change over time. Therefore 
VWFS should be flexible in its approach when identifying and dealing with vulnerable customers. Should a 
customer find themselves in an arrears position, the VWFS Collections and Recoveries Advisor will establish 
the reasons for missed payments and whether the issues are short or long term, utilising the approved 
collections and recoveries tools set out in the procedures manuals. 
How VWFS recognize vulnerability - Initial notification of vulnerability may come from the customer 
themselves or a third party, through various channels of communication e.g. telephone, email or letters. 
Vulnerability is a sensitive matter. By using techniques / tools available to advisors, it will help break down 
those barriers and outline what support VWFS can offer to help its customers.  When a customer contacts 
VWFS it may be initially difficult to identify if they have vulnerability - it could help to consider some of the 
language, words, phrases and behaviours they may display. 
Procedures are in place to cover all acceptable repayment options that will be extended to customers. This 
includes authorities of agents and management to agree to such payment options. The use of tools such as 
an Income and Expenditure Form is useful in understanding the customers’ arrears and difficulties in meeting 
their contractual monthly instalments. Supporting documentation may be requested, this will be detailed in 
VWFS operational procedures. 
Termination Procedure 
Where it is not possible to rectify the arrears that have arisen under a Financing Contract, VWFS' collections 
department follows a thorough collections process. Once all appropriate reminder notices have been issued 
(e.g. a default notice is served in respect of a Regulated Financing Contract) and expired, a termination notice 
is issued. Once the Financing Contract has been terminated, VWFS secures the legal return of the Vehicles 
as quickly as possible using the most appropriate methods through repossession agents or if the Obligor has 
paid one-third or more of the total amount payable under the relevant Regulated Financing Contract, VWFS 
will first attempt to obtain a voluntary surrender of the asset and if this is not possible a return of goods action 
via VWFS' panel of law firms.  
Upon termination of a Financing Contract, the Obligor is required to pay the full balance or the Financing 
Contract is transferred to one of VWFS' contracted repossession agencies to make contact with the Obligor. 
Under CCA guidelines, the Obligor is advised of this by letter when the Financing Contract is allocated to the 
agent.

--- Page 216 ---
- 205 - 
 
 
The respective agency will either secure the return of the Vehicle, by arranging for it to be delivered to a 
nominated auction site, or will collect payment of the balance outstanding under the Financing Contract. 
When a vehicle arrives at the nominated auction site, it is scanned upon entry and is entered into the auction 
stock management system. Vehicles are then sold in a series of auctions. Some auctions are specific to 
vehicles owned by VWFS. 
If any liability remains outstanding under the Financing Contract following the sale of the vehicle, the Obligor 
will be advised of the outstanding amount by letter. If the Obligor is unable to clear this remaining liability in 
full then VWFS' collections department would consider agreeing a payment plan with the Obligor. Where an 
Obligor is unable to pay its liabilities in full, in exceptional circumstances, in accordance with the Servicer's 
Customary Operating Practices VWFS may consider a reduced settlement, where the renounced amount will 
be written off. This will be permissible under the Servicer's Customary Operating Practices when there is no 
realistic prospect for an improvement of the Obligor’s economic circumstances. 
VWFS will only proceed to litigation or repossession as a last resort and only after attempting and exhausting 
all other options to agree an acceptable payment plan with the Obligor. The advice of the appointed legal firm 
is obtained before taking any action in relation to a Financing Contract where litigation and legal proceedings 
are being actively pursued. 
Charged-Off Receivables 
"Charged-Off Receivable" means a Terminated Receivable upon the occurrence of the earlier of the 
following events (i) the Vehicle associated to a Terminated Receivable is being sold or written-off (as having 
a value of zero) or (ii) the value of the associated Terminated Receivable (excluding the Vehicle) is written off 
in accordance with the Servicer's Customary Operating Practices. 
Referral to 3rd Party Suppliers 
As discussed above VWFS appoints outsourced partners and other third partner suppliers that have been 
appointed to support the work of the department. Contracts are required between both parties to ensure that 
their approach is in line with VWFS' policies and the requirements of the regulator. 
These outsourced partners will be managed in line with the Arrears Management Policy and in relation to 
CONC 1.2.2.R.  This ensures that VWFS partners are aligned to the VWFS culture and controls and can 
evidence that it is embedded in all processes and practises.  This includes, but is not limited to the requirement 
to comply with its business and regulatory framework including CONC 7. The litigation and vehicle recovery 
processes cover the specific steps VWFS takes to demonstrate oversight of these outsourced activities. 
Referral to third Party Suppliers for the purposes of debt collection, litigation or repossession of a vehicle is 
initiated by the VWFS Collections Operations department. 
Third party suppliers can action the below activities on behalf of VWFS: 
3. 
Telephony white label services 
(a) 
Inbound customer contact  
(b) 
Email customer contact 
(c) 
Outbound customer contact 
 
4. 
Repossession Agents 
(a) 
Collect customer vehicles  
(b) 
Transport vehicles to nominated vehicle auction house(s)  
(c) 
Field investigations when requested by VWFS 
 
5. 
Litigation, Probate Specialists and Debt Collection Agencies

--- Page 217 ---
- 206 - 
 
 
(a) 
Collect arrears 
(b) 
Negotiate settlements within approved mandates  
(c) 
Issue legal proceedings   
(d) 
Management of Bankruptcy and Insolvency cases  
(e) 
Return of goods applications  
Audits 
The internal audit department of Volkswagen Financial Services AG audits VWFS. Its controlling procedures 
include audits of Obligor receivables with respect to their amounts and their punctual payment. Under English 
law the annual financial statements of a company must be audited by an independent audit company. 
Independent Auditors 
Ernst & Young LLP were appointed the new Statutory Auditor during the year and have audited the financial 
statements of VWFS for the years ended 30 June 2022 and 30 June 2023. The directors intend to pass a 
resolution to reappoint them for 2024.

--- Page 218 ---
- 207 - 
 
 
 
Volkswagen Financial Services UK Ltd  
 
Retail Financing Business 
Selected figures for the years 2013-2022: 
 
 
2022 
2021 
2020 
2019 
2018 
2017 
2016 
2015 
2014 
2013 
New contracts 
358,505 341,619 341,146 400,124 
395,610 
405,459 
396,094 
337,189 
299,965 
262,485 
(number) 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
- thereof new cars 184,069 200,530 208,149 253,249 
260,629 
284,259 
286,086 
232,957 
202,632 
173,786 
- thereof used cars 174,436 141,089 132,997 146,875 
134,984 
121,200 
110,008 
104,232 
97,333 
88,699 
Contracts 
outstanding 
939,054 943,049 982,416 1,005,71
8 
987,644 
939,673 
850,311 
726,712 
623,882 
536,173 
(number) 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
- thereof new cars 549,577 590,625 636,787 684,515 
707,053 
693,717 
626,831 
516,652 
431,042 
356,690 
- thereof used cars 389,477 352,424 345,629 321,203 
280,591 
245,956 
223,480 
210,060 
192,840 
179,483

--- Page 219 ---
- 208 - 
 
 
ADMINISTRATION OF THE PURCHASED RECEIVABLES UNDER THE SERVICING AGREEMENT 
VWFS has agreed to act as Servicer under the Servicing Agreement. In this capacity, VWFS has agreed to 
perform the following tasks according to its usual business practices as they exist from time to time: 
(a) 
service and collect the Receivables in accordance with the Servicing Agreement;  
(b) 
as long as the Monthly Remittance Condition is satisfied, transfer by the Payment Date of each month 
to the Distribution Account the Collections relating to the Monthly Period (and if the Monthly Remittance 
Condition is no longer satisfied, take the action set out in "Commingling" below); 
(c) 
repossess and sell Vehicles upon any default by any Obligor or sell the Vehicles upon termination of 
the Financing Contract where the Vehicle is returned to the Servicer (save to the extent the Receivable 
relating to such Financing Contract is a Redelivery Purchased Receivable and has been repurchased 
by VWFS under the Redelivery Repurchase Agreement on the Redelivery Repurchase Date); and 
(d) 
perform other tasks incidental to the above. 
For the purpose of compliance with the requirements stemming from Article 21(9) of the UK Securitisation 
Regulation, remedies and actions relating to delinquency and default of debtors, debt restructuring, debt 
forgiveness, forbearance, losses, charge offs, recoveries, payment holidays and other asset performance 
remedies are applied (if applicable) in accordance with VWFS's Customary Operating Practices.  
In the Servicing Agreement, VWFS agrees with the Issuer and the Security Trustee that it shall, in performing 
the Services, comply with its Customary Operating Practices and, in particular: 
(a) 
shall not agree to any material amendment to or variation of any Financing Contract except in 
accordance with its Customary Operating Practices; and 
(b) 
in relation to any default by an Obligor under or in connection with a Financing Contract, may exercise 
discretion in applying its Customary Operating Practices in accordance with the Servicing Agreement. 
Commingling 
VWFS, in its capacity as the Servicer, will be entitled to commingle funds representing Collections with its 
own funds during each Monthly Period in accordance with the following procedure: 
(a) 
if and as long as the Monthly Remittance Condition is satisfied, VWFS will be entitled to commingle 
funds representing Collections with its own funds during each Monthly Period and will be required to 
make a single transfer of such Collections to the Distribution Account on the relevant Payment Date;  
(b) 
if and as long as the Monthly Remittance Condition is not satisfied, VWFS will be entitled to commingle 
funds representing Collections with its own funds during each Monthly Period provided that, no later 
than fourteen (14) calendar days after the first day on which the Monthly Remittance Condition has 
not been satisfied (the "Monthly Collateral Start Date"), VWFS shall: 
(i) 
advance an amount equal to sum of the Monthly Collateral Part 1 and the Monthly Collateral 
Part 2 for the Monthly Period in which the Monthly Collateral Start Date falls, plus, if the Monthly 
Collateral Start Date falls on a date prior to the Payment Date falling in such Monthly Period, 
an amount equal to sum of the Monthly Collateral Part 1 and the Monthly Collateral Part 2 in 
respect of the preceding Monthly Period;   
(ii) 
for any subsequent Monthly Period in which the Monthly Remittance Condition continues to 
not be satisfied (save in respect of any Monthly Collateral posted under limb (b)(i) above): 
(1) 
on the fifteenth (15th) calendar day of the month preceding the first day of such Monthly 
Period, determine the amount representing the Monthly Collateral Part 1 in respect of 
the Monthly Period relating to such Payment Date and advance an amount equal to the 
Monthly Collateral Part 1 to the Distribution Account to be retained until the Payment 
Date relating to such Monthly Period; and

--- Page 220 ---
- 209 - 
 
 
(2) 
on the first (1st) calendar day of the Monthly Period relating to such Payment Date, 
determine the amount representing the Monthly Collateral Part 2 in respect of the 
Monthly Period relating to such Payment Date and advance an amount equal to the 
Monthly Collateral Part 2 to the Distribution Account to be retained until the Payment 
Date relating to such Monthly Period; 
(c) 
provided it complies with its posting obligations in paragraph (b) above and its obligation to transfer 
Collections to the Distribution Account on the relevant Payment Date in accordance with the Servicing 
Agreement, VWFS will be entitled to hold, use and invest at its own risk the Collections without 
segregating such funds from its other funds and VWFS will be required to make a single transfer of 
Collections and other amounts collected by it to the Distribution Account on the relevant Payment 
Date. Otherwise, Collections and other amounts collected by it will be required to be remitted by it to 
the Distribution Account on the third Business Day after receipt of such amounts; 
(d) 
on any Payment Date, VWFS' obligation to pay Collections for the relevant Monthly Period into the 
Distribution Account may be netted against its claim for repayment of the Monthly Collateral Part 1 
and the Monthly Collateral Part 2 for such Monthly Period and such Monthly Collateral Part 1 and 
Monthly Collateral Part 2 (after netting) will form part of the Available Distribution Amount on such 
Payment Date. If for such Monthly Period the Servicer Report shows (a) that the sum of the Monthly 
Collateral Part 1 and the Monthly Collateral Part 2 which has been transferred to the Distribution 
Account by VWFS for the relevant Monthly Period exceeds the Collections received by VWFS for 
such Monthly Period, such excess amount shall be released to VWFS outside the Order of Priority on 
the relevant Payment Date or (b) that the Collections received by VWFS for such Monthly Period 
exceed the sum of Monthly Collateral Part 1 and the Monthly Collateral Part 2 which has been 
transferred by VWFS for the relevant Monthly Period, an amount equal to such excess shall be paid 
into the Distribution Account by VWFS on the relevant Payment Date; and 
(e) 
if the Monthly Remittance Condition is satisfied again, any Monthly Collateral Part 1 and 
Monthly Collateral Part 2 standing to the credit of the Distribution Account shall be released 
to VWFS outside the Order of Priority on the next Payment Date following such satisfaction. 
 
Administration of Collections and Costs of Administration  
The Servicer shall use all reasonable endeavours to: 
(a) 
collect all Purchased Receivables, and ensure payment of all sums, due under or in connection with 
the relevant Purchased Receivables; 
(b) 
ensure payment of Collections into the Distribution Account in accordance with the Servicing 
Agreement; 
(c) 
recover amounts from Obligors that are not paid when due; 
(d) 
enforce all obligations of Obligors under the Financing Contracts; and 
(e) 
assist in the sale or disposal of each Vehicle following termination of its related Financing Contract 
where the Vehicle is returned to the Servicer and use its reasonable commercial endeavours to achieve 
a fair market price for such Vehicle sold or disposed of (save to the extent the Receivable relating to 
such Financing Contract is a Redelivery Purchased Receivable and has been repurchased by VWFS 
under the Redelivery Repurchase Agreement on the Redelivery Repurchase Date), 
in each case on behalf of the Issuer and the Security Trustee in an efficient and timely fashion in accordance 
with the provisions of the Financing Contracts and its Customary Operating Practices. 
In case, an action needs to be taken in relation to an Obligor, the Servicer may, in accordance with its 
Customary Operating Practices: 
(a) 
take such action as may be necessary or desirable or as the Servicer determines (including, if 
necessary, court proceedings and the employment by the Servicer as disclosed agent for the Issuer of

--- Page 221 ---
- 210 - 
 
 
solicitors to carry out any necessary court or other proceedings) against any Obligor in relation to a 
defaulted Purchased Receivable; and 
(b) 
on request keep the Issuer or the Security Trustee informed (respectively) of all material actions and 
decisions taken in each case following its Customary Operating Practices. 
Subject to and in accordance with the applicable Order of Priority and the Servicing Agreement, as 
consideration for the provision by it of the Services, the Servicer will be entitled to receive the Servicer Fee 
on each Payment Date in arrear. 
Based on the Seller's, the Servicer's and the Issuer's understanding of the spirit of Article 20(7) of the UK 
Securitisation Regulation and the EBA STS Guidelines applicable to Non-ABCP Securitisations (insofar as 
they remain relevant in the UK in accordance with the FCA's guidance with respect to its approach to 
nonlegislative material published by the EU), the Seller, the Servicer and the Issuer agree not to undertake 
active portfolio management of the Purchased Receivables included in the Portfolio on a discretionary basis.  
Administration of Insurance Benefits and Realisation of Vehicles 
The Servicer is authorised, until revocation by the Issuer and/or the Security Trustee, and obliged to assert, 
in accordance with the Servicer's Customary Operating Practices in effect from time to time in relation to the 
respective insurance companies, the Insurance Claims assigned to the Issuer pursuant to the Receivables 
Purchase Agreement. The Servicer is not required to monitor the compliance by the Obligors with the 
insurance provisions and the Servicer shall not be liable for any failure by an Obligor to comply with such 
provisions. 
Upon the termination of a Financing Contract, the Servicer is obliged in accordance with its customary 
practices as they are applied from time to time to repossess and realise the respective Vehicle. After 
deducting any fees incurred in the sale of such Vehicle, the Servicer shall treat the remaining proceeds 
(except to the extent that the same relate to any Written-Off Purchased Receivables) as Collections and credit 
such amounts to the Distribution Account in accordance with the Servicing Agreement. 
Reporting Duties of the Servicer 
Under the Servicing Agreement the Servicer undertakes to report, amongst others, the following facts to the 
Issuer, the Security Trustee, the Principal Paying Agent, the Rating Agencies, the Noteholders, the Lenders, 
the Registrar, the Subordinated Lender and the Swap Counterparties on each Servicer Report Performance 
Date: 
(1) 
the Available Distribution Amount and the aggregate amount to be distributed in relation to each 
Instrument and the Subordinated Loan on the immediately following Payment Date; 
(2) 
the repayment of the nominal amount attributed to each Instrument and to the Subordinated Loan as 
advanced together with the interest payment; 
(3) 
the nominal amount still outstanding on each Instrument and the Subordinated Loan as at each 
respective Payment Date and the nominal amount of any Further Loans to be advanced, and any 
Further Notes to be issued, on such Payment Date; 
(4) 
the General Cash Collateral Amount remaining available on the immediately following Payment Date; 
(5) 
the sums corresponding to the administration fees and servicing fees;  
(6) 
the Cumulative Net Loss Ratio; 
(7) 
the Senior Instrument Actual Overcollateralisation Percentage and the Junior Instrument Actual 
Overcollateralisation Percentage; 
(8) 
the Late Delinquency Ratio; 
(9) 
the Dynamic Net Loss Ratio;

--- Page 222 ---
- 211 - 
 
 
(10) 
the applicable Senior Instrument Targeted Overcollateralisation Percentage and the applicable 
Junior Instrument Targeted Overcollateralisation Percentage; 
(11) 
delinquency information for delinquency periods of up to 30 days, 31 to 60 days, 61 to 90 days, 91 
to 120 days, 121 to 150 days, 151 to 180 days and greater than 180 days with respect to the number 
of delinquent Financing Contracts, the amount of delinquent Purchased Receivables and the total 
outstanding Discounted Receivables Balance of delinquent Financing Contracts; 
(12) 
in the event of the final Payment Date, the fact that such date is the final Payment Date;  
(13) 
stratification tables; 
(14) 
the Buffer Release Amount; 
(15) 
the Amortisation Factors with respect to any Instrument that qualify as an Amortising Instrument; 
(16) 
information on the occurrence of an Early Amortisation Event; 
(17) 
the amortisation profile of the outstanding pool; 
(18) 
the Senior Instrument Aggregate Discounted Receivables Balance Increase Amount and the Junior 
Instrument Aggregate Discounted Receivables Balance Increase Amount; and 
(19) 
the sum of the credit balances (deposits) on the previous Payment Date of the Obligors of the 
Purchased Receivables at bank accounts maintained with VWFS. 
The Servicer shall, furthermore, provide the Rating Agencies with the reports and information which the latter 
reasonably need to maintain their rating of the relevant Instrument. 
In addition, under the Servicing Agreement, subject to the provisions of the Data Protection Rules, the 
Servicer may, for as long as the Class A Notes or (if possible in accordance with the Bank of England eligibility 
criteria in force from time to time) any other Class of Notes are intended to be held in a manner which will 
allow Bank of England eligibility, make loan level data in such a manner available as required to comply with 
the Bank of England eligibility criteria and transparency criteria for asset backed securities (as set out detailed 
transparency requirements for asset backed securities and covered bonds - Market Notice dated 11 October 
2019as amended and applicable from time to time). 
Under the Servicing Agreement VWFS as Servicer has undertaken to the Issuer that, pursuant to the EU 
Securitisation Regulation, it will make the information available to the Noteholders, to the Lenders, to 
competent authorities, as referred to in Article 29 of the EU Securitisation Regulation and to potential 
Noteholders and Lenders, that the Issuer is required to make available pursuant to and in compliance with 
the Securitisation Regulation (EU) Disclosure Requirements. The Servicer will make such information 
available via the EU Securitisation Repository. For the purposes of Article 7(2) of the EU Securitisation 
Regulation, the Seller and the Issuer have designated VWFS, in its capacity as originator, to fulfil the 
information requirements of Article 7(1) of the EU Securitisation Regulation. 
Under the Servicing Agreement VWFS as Servicer has undertaken to the Issuer that, pursuant to the UK 
Securitisation Regulation, it will make the information available to the Noteholders, to the Lenders, to the FCA 
and to potential Noteholders and Lenders, that the Issuer is required to make available pursuant to and in 
compliance with the Securitisation Regulation (UK) Disclosure Requirements. The Servicer will make such 
information available on the website of the European Data Warehouse (UK) (https://editor.eurodw.co.uk/). 
There is no requirement to report to a UK securitisation repository where the prospectus has not been 
approved by the FCA. For the purposes of Article 7(2) of the UK Securitisation Regulation, the Seller and the 
Issuer designate VWFS, in its capacity as originator, to fulfil the information requirements of Article 7(1) of the 
UK Securitisation Regulation. 
Distribution Procedure 
Each 25th day of each month or, if such day is not a Business Day, then the next following Business Day 
(unless that day falls in the next calendar month, in which case the date will be the first preceding day that is 
a Business Day) shall be a Payment Date.

--- Page 223 ---
- 212 - 
 
 
The Servicer will transfer by the Payment Date of each month to the Distribution Account the Collections 
relating to the relevant Monthly Period. 
Dismissal and Replacement of the Servicer 
If any of the following events (each a "Servicer Replacement Event") shall occur: 
(a) 
the Servicer fails to make any payment or deposit to be made by it to the Distribution Account and 
such failure to pay has not been remedied within five (5) Business Days after the earliest of (i) receipt 
by the Servicer of a written notice from the Issuer or any Lender or Noteholder or (ii) the Servicer 
becoming aware of such failure to pay; 
(b) 
the Servicer fails to perform or observe in any material respect any material term, covenant or 
agreement hereunder applicable to it (other than as referred to in paragraph (a) above) and such 
failure shall remain unremedied for sixty (60) days (or if such failure is not capable of remedy, in the 
Servicer's sole discretion, five Business Days) after receipt by the Servicer of written notice from the 
Issuer or any Lender or Noteholder requiring the failure to be remedied, (which Servicer Replacement 
Event shall be deemed to occur only upon the last day of the relevant period); 
(c) 
any material written representation or warranty made by the Servicer in its capacity as such in the 
Servicing Agreement or any of the Transaction Documents proves to have been incorrect, in any 
material respect, when made or deemed to be made by reference to the facts and circumstances 
then subsisting (provided, that repurchase or exchange of a Receivable by VWFS in accordance with 
the Receivables Purchase Agreement shall be deemed to remedy such circumstances with respect 
to such Receivable), and such incorrect representation or warranty shall remain unremedied for sixty 
(60) days (or, if such failure is not capable of remedy, in the Servicer's sole discretion, five Business 
Days) after receipt by the Servicer of written notice from the Issuer or any Lender or Noteholder 
requiring the circumstances causing or responsible for such misrepresentation to be remedied (which 
Servicer Replacement Event shall be deemed to occur only upon the last day of the relevant period); 
(d) 
the Servicer becomes subject to an Insolvency Event; or 
(e) 
the Servicer fails to renew, or suffers the revocation of, the necessary permissions pursuant to the 
Financial Services and Markets Act 2000 or licences to conduct its business under the Rules, and 
such authorisations or licences are not replaced or reinstated within sixty days,  
provided, however, that if a Servicer Replacement Event referred to under paragraph (a) to (c) above has 
occurred and was caused by an event beyond the reasonable control of the Servicer and if the respective 
delay or failure of performance is cured within a period of 150 days from the date on which the original failure 
to make payment, breach of term, covenant or agreement or breach of representation or warranty referred to 
under paragraph (a) to (c) occurred, a Servicer Replacement Event will be deemed not to have occurred. 
Upon and after (a) such termination, all authority and power of the Servicer will terminate and be of no further 
effect, (b) the retiring Servicer shall no longer hold itself out in any way as the agent of any party to the 
Agreement pursuant to any Transaction Document or the Servicing Agreement; (c) the rights and obligations 
of the retiring Servicer and any obligations of the Issuer, each of the Seller and the Security Trustee to the 
retiring Servicer shall cease to exist but the relevant termination shall be without prejudice to (i) any liabilities 
or obligations of the retiring Servicer to the Issuer, each of the Seller or the Security Trustee or any successor 
servicer incurred or arising up to the Servicer Termination Date; (ii) any liabilities or obligations of the Issuer, 
each of the Seller or the Security Trustee to the retiring Servicer incurred or arising up to the Servicer 
Termination Date and (iii) the retiring Servicer's obligation to deliver documents and materials in accordance 
with the Servicing Agreement or any other Transaction Document. 
On the Servicer Termination Date, the retiring Servicer shall (save as prohibited or required otherwise by any 
applicable laws, regulations, judgments and other directions or orders to which it may be subject) immediately 
deliver or make available to (and in the meantime shall hold to the order of) (a) if a successor servicer has 
then been appointed, such successor servicer; or (b) failing such appointment, the Issuer; the Purchased 
Receivable Records, the Servicer Records and the Transaction Documents (provided that the retiring Servicer 
shall have the right to make and retain such copies of any such records as it desires at its own cost) and any 
monies then held by the retiring Servicer on behalf of the Issuer and any other assets of the Issuer then held

--- Page 224 ---
- 213 - 
 
 
by it; and take such further action as the Issuer, the Security Trustee or the successor servicer appointed to 
replace the retiring Servicer may reasonably direct in order to effectively transfer its rights and obligations 
under the Servicing Agreement to a successor servicer. 
The successor servicer shall be appointed by the Issuer and the Security Trustee with effect from the Servicer 
Termination Date by the entry of the successor servicer, the Issuer and the Security Trustee into a 
replacement servicing agreement which complies with the following provisions: 
An entity may be appointed as successor servicer only if: 
(a) 
it has experience of administering assets reasonably similar to the Purchased Receivables being 
administered by the Servicer or is able to demonstrate that it has the capability to administer assets 
reasonably similar to the Purchased Receivables being administered by the Servicer; 
(b) 
it has the permissions pursuant to the Financial Services and Markets Act 2000 necessary to 
administer the Purchased Receivables on behalf of the Issuer; 
(c) 
it has a net worth of not less than £25,000,000; 
(d) 
it is willing to enter into an agreement with the parties to the Servicing Agreement (other than VWFS 
except in its capacity as Seller) which provides for the successor servicer to be remunerated at such 
a rate as is agreed by the Issuer but which does not exceed the rate then commonly charged by 
providers of services of the kind described in the Servicing Agreement and required by the Servicing 
Agreement to be provided by the Servicer and is otherwise on substantially the same terms as those 
of the Servicing Agreement; and 
(e) 
the Security Trustee has consented to its appointment.

--- Page 225 ---
- 214 - 
 
 
SECURITY TRUSTEE 
Intertrust Trustees GmbH has been appointed as Security Trustee under the Trust Agreement. 
Intertrust Trustees GmbH, a limited liability company incorporated and registered in Frankfurt am 
Main/Germany with its lower civil court (Amtsgericht) under HRB 98921 and having its registered address at 
Eschersheimer Landstrasse 14, 60322 Frankfurt am Main, Federal Republic of Germany, will provide the 
trustee services to the Issuer pursuant the Trust Agreement and the Data Protection Trust Agreement. 
Intertrust Trustees GmbH is part of Corporation Service Company ("CSC"), a US incorporated company with 
headquarters in Delaware, USA. CSC operates with around 7,500 professionals in more than 30 jurisdictions 
worldwide with over 75 offices in Europe, North America, South America, Asia and the Middle East. Except 
for the foregoing three paragraphs, Intertrust Trustees GmbH in its capacity as Security Trustee, and its 
Affiliates have not been involved in the preparation of, and do not accept responsibility for, this Base 
Prospectus.  
To the best knowledge and belief of the Issuer, the above information has been accurately reproduced. The 
Issuer is able to ascertain from the above information published by the Security Trustee that no facts have 
been omitted which would render the reproduced information inaccurate or misleading.

--- Page 226 ---
- 215 - 
 
 
DATA PROTECTION TRUSTEE 
 
Data Custody Agent Services B.V. has been appointed as Data Protection Trustee under the Data Protection 
Trust Agreement. 
Data Custody Agent Services B.V., a private company with limited liability (besloten vennootschap met 
beperkte aansprakelijkheid) incorporated under the laws of the Netherlands, having its official seat (statutaire 
zetel) in Amsterdam, The Netherlands, and its registered office at Basisweg 10, 1043 AP Amsterdam, The 
Netherlands, registered in the Trade Register under number 812770286 (the "Data Protection Trustee") will 
provide the services to the Issuer pursuant the Data Protection Trust Agreement.  
The managing directors of Data Custody Agent Services B.V. are A.J. Vink and J.S. Donner. The sole 
shareholder of Data Custody Agent Services B.V. is Intertrust (Netherlands) B.V., a private company with 
limited liability (besloten vennootschap met beperkte aansprakelijkheid) incorporated under Dutch law and 
having its official seat (statutaire zetel) in Amsterdam, the Netherlands. 
The information in the preceding paragraph has been provided by Data Custody Agent Services B.V. for use 
in this Base Prospectus and Data Custody Agent Services B.V. is solely responsible for the accuracy of the 
preceding paragraph, provided that, with respect to any information included herein and specified to be 
sourced from the Data Protection Trustee (i) the Issuer confirms that any such information has been 
accurately reproduced and as far as the Issuer is aware and is able to ascertain from the above Information 
available to it from the Data Protection Trustee, no facts have been omitted, the omission would render the 
reproduced information inaccurate or misleading and (ii) the Issuer has not independently verified any such 
information and accepts no responsibility for the accuracy hereof. Except for the foregoing paragraph, Data 
Custody Agent Services B.V. in its capacity as Data Protection Trustee, and its Affiliates have not been 
involved in the preparation of, and do not accept responsibility for, this Base Prospectus. 
To the best knowledge and belief of the Issuer, the above information has been accurately reproduced. The 
Issuer is able to ascertain from the above information published by the Data Protection Trustee that no facts 
have been omitted which would render the reproduced information inaccurate or misleading.

--- Page 227 ---
- 216 - 
 
 
PRINCIPAL PAYING AGENT, INTEREST DETERMINATION AGENT, CASH ADMINISTRATOR, 
REGISTRAR AND ACCOUNT BANK 
 
This description of the Account Bank, the Cash Administrator, the Principal Paying Agent, the Interest 
Determination Agent and the Registrar does not purport to be a summary of, and is therefore subject to, and 
qualified in its entirety by reference to, the detailed provisions of the Agency Agreement and the Account 
Agreement and the other Transaction Documents. 
 
THE BANK OF NEW YORK MELLON 
 
The Bank of New York Mellon, a wholly owned subsidiary of The Bank of New York Mellon Corporation, is 
incorporated, with limited liability by Charter, under the Laws of the State of New York by special act of the 
New York State Legislature, Chapter 616 of the Laws of 1871, with its Head Office situate at 240 Greenwich 
Street, New York, NY 10286, USA and having a branch registered in England & Wales with FC No 005522 
and BR No 000818 with its principal office in the United Kingdom situated at 160 Queen Victoria Street, 
London, EC4V 4LA.  
 
The Bank of New York Mellon’s corporate trust business services USD 12 trillion in outstanding debt from 55 
locations around the world. It services all major debt categories, including corporate and municipal debt, 
mortgage-backed and asset-backed securities, collateralized debt obligations, derivative securities and 
international debt offerings. The Bank of New York Mellon’s corporate trust and agency services are delivered 
through The Bank of New York Mellon and The Bank of New York Mellon Trust Company, N.A. 
 
The Bank of New York Mellon Corporation is a global financial services company focused on helping clients 
manage and service their financial assets, operating in 35 countries and serving more than 100 markets. The 
company is a leading provider of financial services for institutions, corporations and high-net-worth individuals, 
providing superior asset management and wealth management, asset servicing, issuer services, clearing 
services and treasury services through a worldwide client-focused team. It has more than USD 26 trillion in 
assets under custody and administration and more than USD 1.4 trillion in assets under management. 
Additional information is available at bnymellon.com. 
 
The Bank of New York Mellon SA/NV is a Belgian limited liability company established September 30, 2008 
under the form of a Société Anonyme/Naamloze Vennootschap. It was granted its banking license by the 
CBFA (former Belgian supervisor prior to the implementation of the Twin Peaks model) on March 10 2009. It 
has its headquarters and main establishment at Multi Tower, Boulevard Anspachlaan 1, B-1000 
Bruxelles/Brussel. The Bank of New York Mellon SA/NV is a subsidiary of BNY Mellon (BNYM), the main 
banking subsidiary of The BNY Mellon Corporation. It is under the prudential supervision of the National Bank 
of Belgium and regulated by the Belgian Financial Services and Markets Authority in respect of Conduct of 
Business. The Bank of New York Mellon SA/NV engages in asset servicing, global collateral management, 
global markets, corporate trust and depositary receipts. The Bank of New York Mellon SA/NV operates from 
locations in Belgium, the Netherlands, Germany, London, Luxembourg, Milan, Paris and Dublin. 
 
To the best knowledge and belief of the Issuer, the above information about the Account Bank, the Cash 
Administrator, the Principal Paying Agent, the Interest Determination Agent and the Registrar has been 
accurately reproduced. The Issuer is able to ascertain from such information published by the Account Bank, 
the Cash Administrator, the Principal Paying Agent, the Interest Determination Agent and the Registrar that 
no facts have been omitted which would render the reproduced information inaccurate or misleading.

--- Page 228 ---
- 217 - 
 
 
SWAP COUNTERPARTIES 
This description of each Swap Counterparty does not purport to be an abstract of, and is therefore subject to, 
and qualified in its entirety by reference to, the detailed provisions of the Swap Agreements and the other 
Transaction Documents. 
Crédit Agricole Corporate and Investment Bank as Swap Counterparty 
Crédit Agricole Corporate and Investment Bank will serve as the swap counterparty. Crédit Agricole Corporate 
and Investment Bank is a public limited company under French laws (with a Board of Directors), whose 
registered office is at 12, place des Etats-Unis, CS 70052, 92547 Montrouge Cedex - France. Crédit Agricole 
Corporate and Investment Bank is registered with the Nanterre trade and Company Registry (France) under 
the number 304 187 701. Crédit Agricole Corporate and Investment Bank is subject to Articles L.225-1 et seq. 
of Book 2 of the French Commercial Code. As a credit institution, Crédit Agricole Corporate and Investment 
Bank is subject to Articles L.511-1 et seq. and L.531-1 et seq. of the French Monetary and Financial Code.  
 
As of 30 June 2022, Crédit Agricole Corporate and Investment Bank's shareholders' capital amounted to 
€7,851,636,342 divided into 290,801,346 shares with a par value of €27 each. Crédit Agricole Corporate and 
Investment Bank's share capital is held at 100% by Crédit Agricole Group and where Crédit Agricole S.A. 
holds 97.77% of the share capital of Crédit Agricole Corporate and Investment Bank.  
 
Crédit Agricole Corporate and Investment Bank is the corporate and investment banking arm of Crédit 
Agricole Group.  
 
Crédit Agricole Corporate and Investment Bank offers banking services to its customers on a global basis. Its 
main activities are Financing, Capital markets and investment banking and Wealth management.  
 
Financing activities cover:  
• 
Structured finance, i.e. originating, structuring and financing major export and investment operations 
in France and abroad, often backed with assets as collateral (aircraft, shipping, real estate and hotel 
business, commodities, etc.), along with complex and structured loans;  
• 
Commercial banking, i.e. trade and export finance, including domestic and international cash 
management, short-term and medium-term trade finance, syndicated loans, leasing, factoring, 
international trade, domestic and international guarantees, market guarantees and interest rates and 
foreign exchange risk management products, as well as Corporate and Leveraged Finance activities 
(formerly Debt Optimisation and Distribution) including leverage, telecom and Corporate debt 
origination activities. 
 
Capital markets and investment banking covers treasury and liquidity management, fixed income, foreign 
exchange, credit markets, equity solutions activities as well as activities dedicated to mergers and 
acquisitions.  
 
Crédit Agricole Corporate and Investment Bank also runs a wealth management business in Europe out of 
France, Belgium, Switzerland, Luxembourg, Monaco, Spain, Italy and in Asia (Singapore and Hong Kong). 
 
S&P has affirmed AA-/A-1+ ratings for long and short term unsecured debt on 19 October 2022 with a stable 
perspective; Moody’s has affirmed Aa2/P-1 ratings for long and short term unsecured debt on 15 December 
2021 with a stable perspective and Fitch has affirmed AA- ratings on 19 October 2022 with a stable 
perspective.  
 
Any further information on Crédit Agricole Corporate and Investment Bank can be obtained on Crédit Agricole 
Corporate and Investment Bank's website at www.ca-cib.com. This website does not form part of this 
prospectus. 
 
To the best knowledge and belief of the Issuer, the above information has been accurately reproduced. The 
Issuer is able to ascertain from the above information published by the Swap Counterparty that no facts have 
been omitted which would render the reproduced information inaccurate or misleading. 
The information in the preceding paragraphs has been provided by Crédit Agricole Corporate and Investment 
Bank for use in this Base Prospectus and Crédit Agricole Corporate and Investment Bank is solely responsible 
for the accuracy of the preceding paragraphs. Except for the preceding paragraphs, Crédit Agricole Corporate 
and Investment Bank in its capacity as Swap Counterparty, and its affiliates have not been involved in the 
preparation of, and do not accept responsibility for, this Base Prospectus.

--- Page 229 ---
- 218 - 
 
 
ING Bank N.V. as Swap Counterparty 
ING Bank N.V. is a public limited company (naamloze vennootschap) incorporated under the laws of The 
Netherlands on 12 November 1927, with its corporate seat (statutaire zetel) in Amsterdam, The Netherlands 
(ING Bank). ING Bank is registered at the Chamber of Commerce of Amsterdam under No. 33031431. 
ING Bank is part of ING Groep N.V. (ING Group). ING Group is the holding company of a broad spectrum of 
companies (together called ING) offering banking services to meet the needs of a broad customer base. ING 
Bank is a wholly-owned, non-listed subsidiary of ING Group and currently offers retail banking services to 
individuals, small and medium-sized enterprises and mid-corporates in Europe, Asia and Australia and 
commercial banking services to customers around the world, including multinational corporations, 
governments, financial institutions and supranational organisations. ING Group currently serves around 37 
million retail and wholesale banking customers through an extensive network in over 40 countries. ING has 
more than 57,500 employees.  
ING Bank is directly supervised by the European Central Bank (ECB) as part of the Single Supervisory 
Mechanism (SSM). The SSM comprises of the ECB and national competent authorities of participating 
Member States. The SSM is responsible for ‘prudential supervision’ (the financial soundness of financial 
institutions). The ECB is responsible for specific tasks in the area of prudential supervision while the Dutch 
Central Bank, De Nederlandsche Bank (DNB), remains responsible for prudential supervision in respect of 
those powers that are not conferred to the ECB, which includes supervision on payment systems and financial 
crime supervision. The Netherlands Authority for the Financial Markets (AFM), is responsible for ‘conduct of 
business supervision’ (assessing the behaviour of players in the Dutch financial markets) of ING Bank. 
To the best knowledge and belief of the Issuer, the above information has been accurately reproduced. The 
Issuer is able to ascertain from the above information published by the Swap Counterparty that no facts have 
been omitted which would render the reproduced information inaccurate or misleading. 
The information in the preceding paragraphs has been provided by ING Bank N.V. for use in this Base 
Prospectus and ING Bank N.V. is solely responsible for the accuracy of the preceding paragraphs. Except for 
the preceding paragraphs, ING Bank N.V. in its capacity as Swap Counterparty, and its affiliates have not 
been involved in the preparation of, and do not accept responsibility for, this Base Prospectus.

--- Page 230 ---
- 219 - 
 
 
RATINGS 
As at the date of this Base Prospectus the relevant Class A Notes are rated AAA(sf) by S&P and AAAsf by 
Fitch.  
With respect to the relevant Class A Notes, the rating of AAA(sf) is the highest rating that S&P assigns to 
long-term structured finance debts and the rating of AAAsf is the highest rating that Fitch assigns to long-term 
structured finance debts. 
As at the date of this Base Prospectus the relevant Class B Notes are rated, to the extent rated, at least A+(sf) 
by S&P and at least A+sf by Fitch. 
With respect to the relevant Class B Notes, the rating of A+sf is the fifth highest rating that S&P assigns to 
long-term structured finance debts and the rating of A+sf is the fifth highest rating that Fitch assigns to long-
term structured finance debts. 
The rating of the relevant Class A Notes addresses the ultimate payment of principal and timely payment of 
interest according to the Notes Conditions. The rating of the relevant Class B Notes addresses the ultimate 
payment of principal and and the timely payment of interest according to the Notes Conditions. The rating 
takes into consideration the characteristics of the Receivables and the structural, legal, tax and Issuer-related 
aspects associated with the relevant Notes. 
The ratings assigned to the relevant Notes should be evaluated independently from similar ratings on other 
types of securities. A security rating is not a recommendation to buy, sell or hold securities and may be subject 
to revision or withdrawal by the Rating Agencies at any time. In the event that the ratings initially assigned to 
any Class of Notes by the Rating Agencies are subsequently withdrawn or lowered for any reason, no person 
or entity is obliged to provide any additional support or credit enhancement with respect to such Class of 
Notes. 
The Issuer has not requested a rating of the relevant Notes by any rating agency other than the Rating 
Agencies; there can be no assurance, however, as to whether any other rating agency will rate the Notes or, 
if it does, what rating would be assigned by such other rating agency. The rating assigned to the Notes by 
such other rating agency could be lower than the respective ratings assigned by the Rating Agencies. 
References to ratings of S&P and Fitch in this Base Prospectus shall refer to www.standardandpoors.com 
and www.fitchratings.com, respectively.

--- Page 231 ---
- 220 - 
 
 
Meaning of Ratings 
Rating 
Rating Agency 
Meaning 
AAA(sf) 
S&P Global 
An obligation rated 'AAA' has the 
highest rating assigned by S&P 
Global Ratings. The obligor's 
capacity to meet its financial 
commitment on the obligation is 
extremely strong. 
AAAsf 
Fitch 
‘AAA’ ratings denote the lowest 
expectation of default risk. They 
are assigned only in cases of 
exceptionally strong capacity for 
payment 
of 
financial 
commitments. This capacity is 
highly unlikely to be adversely 
affected by foreseeable events. 
A+(sf) 
S&P Global 
An 
obligation 
rated 
'A' 
is 
somewhat more susceptible to 
the adverse effects of changes in 
circumstances 
and 
economic 
conditions than obligations in 
higher-rated 
categories. 
However, the obligor's capacity to 
meet its financial commitments on 
the obligation is still strong. 
A+sf 
Fitch 
An 
obligation 
rated 
'A' 
is 
somewhat more susceptible to 
the adverse effects of changes in 
circumstances 
and 
economic 
conditions than obligations in 
higher-rated 
categories. 
However, the obligor's capacity to 
meet its financial commitments on 
the obligation is still strong.

--- Page 232 ---
- 221 - 
 
 
THE ISSUER 
1. 
General 
The Issuer, a public company with limited liability (société anonyme), was incorporated for the purpose of 
issuing asset backed securities under the laws of Luxembourg on 29 July 2011 for an unlimited period and 
has its registered office at 22-24 Boulevard Royal, L-2449 Luxembourg (telephone: (+352) 2602 491) (the 
"Company") acting for and on behalf of its specific Compartment 7 duly created by resolutions of its Board of 
Directors on 29 August 2023. The Company is registered with the Luxembourg Commercial Register of 
Commerce and Companies under registration number B 162.723.  
The Issuer has expressly elected in its Articles of Incorporation to be governed by the Luxembourg 
Securitisation Law and is hereby subject to the Luxembourg Securitisation Law. 
The Company currently does not intend to issue securities on a continuous basis to the public and if at a later 
point it did, it will first apply and become approved as a regulation securitisation company pursuant to, and in 
accordance with the provisions of the Luxembourg Securitisation Law. 
The Legal Entity Identifier (LEI) of the Issuer is: 529900MRO80NKJYUH055. 
2. 
Corporate purpose of the Issuer 
The Issuer has as its business purpose as stated in its Articles the securitisation (within the meaning of the 
Luxembourg Securitisation Law which has been expressly adopted by the Issuer in its articles of incorporation) 
of risks associated to receivables and related assets. The Issuer may issue securities of any nature and in 
any currency and, to the largest extent permitted by the Luxembourg Securitisation Law, pledge, mortgage or 
charge or otherwise create security interests in and over its assets, property and rights to secure its 
obligations. The Issuer may enter into any agreement and perform any action necessary or useful for the 
purposes of carrying out transactions permitted by the Luxembourg Securitisation Law, including, without 
limitation, disposing of its assets in accordance with the relevant agreements. The Issuer may only carry out 
the above activities if and to the extent that they are compatible with the Luxembourg Securitisation Law. 
3. 
Compartment 
The board of directors of the Company may, in accordance with the terms of the Luxembourg Securitisation 
Law, and in particular its article 5, create one or more Compartments within the Issuer. Each Compartment 
shall correspond to a distinct part of the assets and liabilities in respect of the corresponding funding. The 
resolution of the board of directors creating one or more Compartments within the Issuer, as well as any 
subsequent amendments thereto, shall be binding as of the date of such resolutions against any third party. 
As between investors, each Compartment of the Company shall be treated as a separate entity. Rights of 
creditors and investors of the Issuer that (i) relate to a Compartment or (ii) have arisen in connection with the 
creation, the operation or the liquidation of a Compartment are strictly limited to the assets of that 
Compartment which shall be exclusively available to satisfy such creditors and investors. Creditors and 
investors of the Issuer whose rights are not related to a specific Compartment of the Issuer shall have no 
rights to the assets of such Compartment. 
Unless otherwise provided for in the resolution of the board of directors of the Issuer creating such 
Compartment, no resolution of the board of directors of the Issuer may amend the resolution creating such 
Compartment or to directly affect the rights of the creditors and investors whose rights relate to such 
Compartment without the prior approval of the creditors and investors whose rights relate to such 
Compartment. Any decision of the board of directors taken in breach of this provision shall be void. 
Without prejudice to what is stated in the precedent paragraph, each Compartment of the Issuer may be 
separately liquidated without such liquidation resulting in the liquidation of another Compartment of the Issuer 
or of the Issuer itself. 
Fees, costs, expenses and other liabilities incurred on behalf of the Company but which do not relate 
specifically to any Compartment shall be general liabilities of the Company and shall not be payable out of 
the assets of any Compartment. The board of directors of the Issuer shall ensure that creditors of such 
liabilities waive recourse to the assets of any Compartment. If such creditors do not waive recourse and such

--- Page 233 ---
- 222 - 
 
 
general liabilities cannot be otherwise funded, they shall be apportioned pro rata among the Compartments 
of the Company upon a decision of the board of directors. 
With board resolution dated 29 August 2023 the Issuer created Compartment 7. With a board resolution dated 
17 November 2023, the Issuer authorised the transaction, the borrowing under the Schuldschein Loans and 
the issuance of the Notes. 
4. 
Business Activity 
In respect of the Transaction, the principal activities of the Issuer, acting for and on behalf of its Compartment 
7, will be the issue of the Notes and the borrowing under the Schuldschein Loans, in connection with the 
Transaction, the granting of the Security, the entering into the Subordinated Loan Agreement, respectively, 
the entering into the Swap Agreements and the entering into all other Transaction Documents to which it is a 
party and the opening of the Distribution Account, the Accumulation Account, each Counterparty Downgrade 
Collateral Account and the Cash Collateral Account and the exercise of related rights and powers and other 
activities reasonably incidental thereto. 
5. 
Corporate Administration and Management 
The following directors of the Company have been appointed in the shareholders' meeting following the 
incorporation of the Issuer: 
Director 
Business address 
 
Principal activities outside the 
issuer 
Zamyra Heleen Cammans 
22-24 Boulevard Royal, L-2449 
Luxembourg 
Professional in the domiciliation 
business 
Meenakshi Mussai-Ramassur 
22-24 Boulevard Royal, L-2449 
Luxembourg 
 
Professional in the domiciliation 
business 
Helene Grine-Siciliano 
22-24 Boulevard Royal, L-2449 
Luxembourg 
Professional in the domiciliation 
business 
 
The Company confirms that there is no conflict of interest between the duties of a director of the Company 
and the principal and/or other activities outside Driver UK Master S.A. 
6. 
Capital, Shares and Shareholders 
The subscribed capital of the Company is set at GBP 29,000 divided into 2,900 fully paid up, registered shares 
with a par value of GBP 10 each. 
The sole shareholder of the Company is Stichting CarLux. Stichting CarLux is a foundation duly incorporated 
and validly existing under the laws of The Netherlands with its registered office at Museumlaan 2, 3581HK 
Utrecht, The Netherlands is registered with the trade register of the Chamber of Commerce in Amsterdam 
under number 34283304. 
7. 
Capitalisation 
The share capital of the Company as at the date of this Base Prospectus is as follows: Share Capital 
Authorised, subscribed, issued and fully paid up: GBP 29,000, consisting of 2,900 shares of 10 GBP each. 
The shares rank pari passu to each other. 
8. 
Indebtedness 
The Issuer has no material indebtedness, contingent liabilities and/or guarantees as at the date of the Base 
Prospectus, other than that which the Issuer has incurred or shall incur in relation to the transactions 
contemplated in the Base Prospectus.

--- Page 234 ---
- 223 - 
 
 
9. 
Holding Structure 
Stichting CarLux, prenamed 2,900 shares 
Total 
2,900 shares 
10. 
Subsidiaries 
The Issuer has no subsidiaries or affiliates. 
11. 
Name of the Issuer's Financial Auditors 
Ernst & Young Luxembourg S.A. 
35E, Avenue John F. Kennedy 
L-1855 Luxembourg 
Ernst & Young Luxembourg S.A. is a member of the Institut des Réviseurs d' Entreprises agréés. 
12. 
Main Process for Director's Meetings and Decisions 
The Issuer is managed by a board of directors comprising at least three (3) members, whether shareholders 
or not, who are appointed for a period not exceeding six years by the general meeting of shareholders which 
may at any time remove them. 
The number of directors, their term and their remuneration are fixed by the general meeting of the 
shareholders. 
The board of directors shall elect from among its members a chairman. 
The board of directors convenes upon call by the chairman, as often as the interest of the Issuer so requires. 
It must be convened each time two directors so request. 
Directors may participate in a meeting of the board of directors by means of conference telephone or similar 
communications equipment by means of which all persons participating in the meeting can hear and speak 
to each other, and such participation in a meeting will constitute presence in person at the meeting, provided 
that all actions approved by the directors at any such meeting will be reproduced in writing in the form of 
resolutions. 
Resolutions signed by all members of the board of directors will be as valid and effective as if passed at a 
meeting duly convened and held. Such signatures may appear on a single document or multiple copies of an 
identical resolution and may be evidenced by letter, fax, email or similar communication. 
The board of directors is vested with the powers to perform all acts of administration and disposition in 
compliance with the corporate objects of the Issuer. 
13. 
Financial Statements 
Audited financial statements will be published by the Issuer on an annual basis. 
The business year of Driver UK Master S.A. extends from 1 July to 30 June of each year. The first business 
year began on 29 July 2011 (date of incorporation) and ended on 30 June 2012 so that the first annual general 
meeting of the shareholder was held in 2013. 
The Financial statements of Driver UK Master S.A. for the fiscal years ended on 30 June 2022 and 30 June 
2023 are incorporated by reference into this Base Prospectus. See "DOCUMENTS INCORPORATED BY 
REFERENCE". 
 
14. 
Auditors and Auditors' Reports 
Ernst & Young Luxembourg S.A., as the auditor of Driver UK Master S.A. audited the annual accounts of 
Driver UK Master S.A. displayed hereunder for the period from 1 July 2021 to 30 June 2022 and from 1 July 
2022 to 30 June 2023.

--- Page 235 ---
- 224 - 
 
 
In the opinion of Ernst & Young Luxembourg S.A., the Issuer’s annual accounts gave, in conformity with 
Luxembourg legal and regulatory requirements, a true and fair report of the financial position of Driver UK 
Master S.A. as at 30 June 2022  and 30 June 2023 and of the result of its operations from 1 July 2021 to 30 
June 2022 and from 1 July 2022 to 30 June 2023. 
15. 
Inspection of Documents 
The following documents (or copies thereof) will remain publicly available for at least ten years: 
(a) 
the Articles of Incorporation of the Issuer;  
(b) 
minutes of the meeting of the board of directors of the Issuer approving the issue of the Notes, the 
borrowing under the Schuldschein Loans, the issue of the Base Prospectus and the Programme as 
a whole; 
(c) 
the Base Prospectus, the Master Definitions Schedule and all the Transaction Documents referred 
in this Base Prospectus; and 
(d) 
the historical financial information of the Issuer for the years ending in June 2022 and June 2023 of 
the Issuer, 
and may be inspected at the Issuer’s registered office at 22-24 boulevard Royal, L-2449 Luxembourg. 
Furthermore, a copy of this Base Prospectus will be published on the website of the Luxembourg Stock 
Exchange 
(www.luxse.com) 
and 
on 
the 
website 
of 
Circumference 
FS 
(Luxembourg) 
S.A. 
(https://circumferencefs-luxembourg.com). The Articles of Incorporation of Driver UK Master S.A. and all 
historical financial reports of Driver UK Master S.A. (interim financial reports will not be prepared) will be 
published on the website of Circumference FS (Luxembourg) S.A. (). 
The Notes will be obligations of the Issuer only and will not be guaranteed by, or be the responsibility of 
Volkswagen Financial Services (UK) Limited or any other person or entity. It should be noted, in particular, 
that the Notes will not be obligations of, and will not be guaranteed by the Seller, the Servicer (if different), 
the Interest Determination Agent, the Security Trustee, the Lead Manager, the Arranger or any of their 
respective Affiliates, the Subordinated Lender, the Account Bank, the Principal Paying Agent, the Swap 
Counterparties, the Registrar, the Data Protection Trustee or the Corporate Services Provider or any other 
party described under this Base Prospectus.

--- Page 236 ---
- 225 - 
 
 
  
CORPORATE ADMINISTRATION AND ACCOUNTS 
Corporate Administration 
Pursuant to the Corporate Services Agreement, the Issuer has appointed Circumference FS (Luxembourg) 
S.A., 22-24 Boulevard Royal, L-2449 Luxembourg as Corporate Services Provider to provide management, 
secretarial and administrative services to the Issuer including the provision of directors of the Issuer. The 
Corporate Services Provider is a public limited liability company (Société Anonyme) incorporated in 
Luxembourg. It is not in any manner associated with the Issuer or with the Volkswagen Group. The Corporate 
Services Provider will inter alia provide the following services to the Issuer: 
(a) 
provide three directors and secretarial, clerical, administrative services; 
(b) 
convene meetings of shareholders; 
(c) 
maintain accounting records; and 
(d) 
procure that the annual accounts of the Issuer are prepared, audited and filed. 
The Corporate Services Provider will, furthermore, fulfil or cause to be fulfilled all the obligations of the Issuer 
under the contracts to which the Issuer is a party and which are mentioned in this Base Prospectus, which 
are as follows: 
(a) 
Receivables Purchase Agreement; 
(b) 
Servicing Agreement; 
(c) 
Corporate Services Agreement; 
(d) 
Trust Agreement;  
(e) 
Deed of Charge and Assignment; 
(f) 
Swap Agreements; 
(g) 
Agency Agreement; 
(h) 
Subordinated Loan Agreement; 
(i) 
Data Protection Trust Agreement; 
(j) 
Redelivery Repurchase Agreement; 
(k) 
Account Agreement; and 
(l) 
Programme Agreement. 
As consideration for the performance of its services and functions under the Corporate Services Agreement, 
the Issuer will pay the Corporate Services Provider a fee as separately agreed. Recourse of the Corporate 
Services Provider against the Issuer is limited accordingly. See "TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THE CLASS 
A NOTES" and "TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THE CLASS B NOTES".

--- Page 237 ---
- 226 - 
 
 
TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THE CLASS A NOTES 
The terms and conditions of the Class A Notes (the "Notes Conditions") are set out below. Annex A to the 
Conditions sets out the "TRUST AGREEMENT", Annex B to the Notes Conditions sets out the 
"INCORPORATED TERMS MEMORANDUM". In case of any overlap or inconsistency in the definition of a 
term or expression in the Notes Conditions and elsewhere in this Base Prospectus, the definition contained 
in the Notes Conditions will prevail. For Annex A referred to under the Notes Conditions of the Class A Notes 
see "TRUST AGREEMENT". 
1. 
Form and Nominal Instrument Amount of the Notes  
(a) 
The issue by Driver UK Master S.A., acting for and on behalf of its Compartment 7 (the 
"Issuer") in an aggregate nominal amount of up to GBP 7,000,000,000 (the "Nominal 
Instrument Amount") is divided into certain Class A Notes payable to the registered holder 
(the "Class A Notes"), each having a nominal amount of at least GBP 100,000 and certain 
Class B Notes. 
(b) 
The Class A Notes are issued in registered form and represented by a global registered note 
without coupons attached (the "Global Note"). The Global Note representing the Class A 
Notes shall be deposited with a Common Safekeeper for Clearstream Luxembourg and 
Euroclear and thereafter, the Global Note will be held in book-entry form only. The Global Note 
representing the Class A Notes will bear the personal signatures of two duly authorised 
directors of Driver UK Master S.A., acting for and on behalf of its Compartment 7 and will be 
authenticated by one or more employees or attorneys of the Registrar and will be effectuated 
by the Common Safekeeper. 
(c) 
The Issuer will cause to be kept at the specified office of the Registrar a register (the 
"Register") on which will be entered the names and addresses of the Noteholders (as defined 
below) and the particulars of such Class A Notes held by them and all transfers and payments 
(of interest and principal) of such Class A Notes. The rights of the Noteholders (as defined 
below) evidenced by the Global Note and title to the Class A Notes itself pass by assignment 
and registration in the Register. The Global Note representing the Class A Notes will be issued 
in the name of a nominee of the Common Safekeeper (the "Registered Holder"). The 
Registered Holder will be registered as Noteholder in the Register.  
(d) 
Notwithstanding paragraph (c) of this Notes Condition 1, each person (other than Euroclear 
or Clearstream Luxembourg) who is for the time being shown in the records of Euroclear 
and/or Clearstream Luxembourg, as the holder of a particular nominal amount of such Class 
A Notes (in which regard any certificate or other document issued by Euroclear or Clearstream 
Luxembourg, as to the nominal amount of Notes standing to the account of any person shall 
be conclusive and binding for all purposes save in the case of manifest error) shall be treated 
by the Issuer and any paying agent as the holder of such nominal amount of the Class A Notes 
for all purposes (and the expressions "Noteholder" and "holder of Notes" and related 
expressions shall be construed accordingly). 
(e) 
Notwithstanding paragraph (c) of this Notes Condition 1, the interests in the Class A Notes 
represented by the Global Note are transferable only according to applicable rules and 
regulations of Clearstream Luxembourg, and Euroclear, as the case may be. The Global Note 
will not be exchangeable for definitive Class A Notes. 
(f) 
Simultaneously with the Class A Notes the Issuer has made borrowings under the Senior 
Schuldschein Loans (the "Senior Schuldschein Loans") which rank pari passu with the Class 
A Notes with respect to payment of interest and principal as described in the Order of Priority. 
Furthermore, the Issuer has issued Class B Floating Rate Notes (the "Class B Notes" and 
together with the Class A Notes, the "Notes") and Junior Schuldschein Loans (the "Junior 
Schuldschein Loans" and together with the Senior Schuldschein Loans, the "Schuldschein 
Loans"), both of which rank junior to the Class A Notes with respect to payment of interest 
and principal as described in the Order of Priority. The Issuer will issue new Class B Notes 
and make further borrowings under the Junior Schuldschein Loans in the lesser of the Junior 
Instrument Increase Amount and the amount of the Junior Instruments notified by the Issuer 
on the Closing Date and any Further Issue Date. The Issuer will borrow from the Subordinated

--- Page 238 ---
- 227 - 
 
 
Lender the Subordinated Loan on the Closing Date and further may borrow Subordinated 
Loan Increase Amounts on each Additional Borrowing Date. The Subordinated Loan ranks 
junior to the Instruments with respect to payment of interest and principal as described in the 
Order of Priority. 
(g) 
The Notes are subject to the provisions of the Trust Agreement between, inter alios, the Issuer, 
the Security Trustee and Volkswagen Financial Services (UK) Limited. The provisions of the 
Trust Agreement are set out in Annex A. Annex A constitutes part of these Notes Conditions.  
2. 
Series 
(a) 
Series of Class A Notes: 
On a given Issue Date falling within the Revolving Period, all Class A Notes issued on that 
date will constitute one or several Series of Class A Notes, which shall be identified by means 
of: 
a four digit number representing the year on which the Series was issued, in the following 
format: Series "20xx", followed by: 
the number of such Series in respect of the relevant year, in the following format "y", 
in the following format: Series 20xx-y. 
(b) 
General principles relating to the Series of Class A Notes: 
The Class A Notes of different Series shall not be fungible among themselves. 
All Class A Notes issued within the same Series shall be fungible among themselves in 
accordance with and subject to the following provisions: 
the Series 20xx-y Class A Notes of the same Series shall all bear the same interest rate in 
accordance with the provisions of Notes Condition 7; 
the interest rate payable under the Series 20xx-y Class A Notes of a given Series shall be 
paid on the same Payment Dates; and 
The Series 20xx-y Class A Notes in respect of a given Series shall have the same Scheduled 
Repayment Date and the same Series 20xx-y Final Maturity Date as set out in Notes 
Condition 8. 
3. 
Status and Ranking 
(a) 
The Class A Notes of any Series constitute direct, secured, unconditional and 
unsubordinated obligations of the Issuer. The Class A Notes rank pari passu among 
themselves and with the Senior Schuldschein Loans. The Class A Notes rank senior to the 
Junior Instruments and the Subordinated Loan. 
(b) 
The claims of the holders of the Class A Notes under the Class A Notes are ranked against 
the claims of all other creditors of the Issuer in accordance with the Order of Priority, unless 
mandatory provisions of law provide otherwise. 
4. 
The Issuer 
The Issuer whose Articles of Incorporation are subject to the Luxembourg Securitisation Law is a 
company incorporated with limited liability under the laws of Luxembourg and which has been 
founded solely for the purpose of acquiring the Receivables and issuing the Notes and borrowings 
under the Schuldschein Loans and raising the Subordinated Loan and concluding and executing 
various agreements in connection therewith.

--- Page 239 ---
- 228 - 
 
 
5. 
Assets of the Issuer for the Purpose of Payments on the Notes and on the Subordinated Loan, 
Provision of Security, Limited Payment Obligation 
(a) 
The Issuer will use the proceeds of the Instruments and of the Subordinated Loan to acquire 
from VWFS, pursuant to the Receivables Purchase Agreement, Initial Receivables and 
Ancillary Rights arising from Financing Contracts which VWFS has concluded with private 
individual and commercial Obligors and to acquire Additional Receivables (and related 
Ancillary Rights) from VWFS during the Revolving Period. The collection and administration 
of the Purchased Receivables shall be carried out on the basis of the Servicing Agreement 
between the Issuer, VWFS as Servicer and the Security Trustee. Furthermore, the Issuer has 
entered into additional agreements in connection with the acquisition of the Purchased 
Receivables and the raising of the Schuldschein Loans, the issuance of the Notes and the 
raising of the Subordinated Loan, the Corporate Services Agreement with the Corporate 
Services Provider, the Data Protection Trust Agreement with the Data Protection Trustee, the 
Trust Agreement with the Security Trustee, the Swap Agreements with the Swap 
Counterparties, the Agency Agreement with the Agents and VWFS, and the Account 
Agreement with the Account Bank and the Redelivery Repurchase Agreement with VWFS. 
The Receivables Purchase Agreement, the Servicing Agreement, the Corporate Services 
Agreement, the Subordinated Loan Agreement, the Agency Agreement, the Account 
Agreement and the Redelivery Repurchase Agreement, are (amongst others) collectively 
referred to as the "Transaction Documents" and the creditors of the Issuer under these 
Transaction Documents are referred to as "Transaction Creditors". 
(b) 
The Issuer will transfer and assign by way of first fixed security its interest in the Purchased 
Receivables, all of its claims arising under the Relevant Contracts, its interest in the Accounts 
to the Security Trustee as Security for its obligations under the Instruments and other Secured 
Obligations pursuant to the Deed of Charge and Assignment and Assignations in Security. 
The Issuer will transfer by way of security to the Security Trustee all its claims and other rights 
arising from the German Transaction Documents in accordance with the Trust Agreement. 
(c) 
All payment obligations of the Issuer under the Instruments and the Subordinated Loan 
Agreement constitute solely obligations to distribute amounts out of the Available Distribution 
Amount as generated, inter alia, by payments to the Issuer by the obligors and by the Swap 
Counterparties under the Swap Agreements, as available on the respective Payment Dates 
according to the Order of Priority of distribution. None of the Instruments shall give rise to any 
payment obligation in excess of the foregoing and recourse shall be limited accordingly. The 
Issuer shall hold all moneys paid to it in the Distribution Account. Furthermore, the Issuer will 
on or before the Initial Issue Date establish and thereafter maintain the Cash Collateral 
Account to provide limited coverage for payments of interest and principal on the Instruments 
and certain other amounts. Furthermore, the Issuer shall exercise all of its rights under the 
Transaction Documents with the due care of a prudent businessman such that obligations 
under the Instruments may, subject always to the provisions of these Notes Conditions as to 
the Order of Priority, be performed to the fullest extent possible. To the extent that upon the 
exercise of such rights the funds of the Issuer, including in the Distribution Account and the 
Cash Collateral Account, any other assets of the Issuer and the proceeds from the 
enforcement of the Security are insufficient to satisfy in full the claims of all holders of 
Instruments any claims of holders of Instruments remaining unpaid shall be extinguished at 
the Final Maturity Date applicable to the respective Instrument and the Issuer shall have no 
further obligations thereto and, for the avoidance of doubt, neither the holders of the 
Instruments nor the Security Trustee shall have any further claims against the Issuer in respect 
of such claims remaining unpaid. 
(d) 
The enforcement of the payment obligations under the Instruments, the Subordinated Loan 
Agreement and the Swap Agreements pursuant to paragraph (c) shall only be effected by the 
Security Trustee for the benefit of all Noteholders, all Lenders the Swap Counterparties and 
the Subordinated Lender and the other Secured Creditors. The Security Trustee is required 
to foreclose on the Security upon the occurrence of a Foreclosure Event, on the conditions 
and in accordance with the terms set forth in the Trust Agreement. 
(e) 
The other parties to the Transaction Documents shall not be liable for the obligations of the 
Issuer.

--- Page 240 ---
- 229 - 
 
 
(f) 
No shareholder, officer, director, employee or manager of the Issuer or of VWFS or its affiliates 
shall incur any personal liability as a result of the performance or non-performance by the 
Issuer of its obligations under the Transaction Documents. Any recourse against such a 
person is excluded accordingly. 
(g) 
The recourse of the Transaction Creditors is limited to the assets allocated to Compartment 7 
of the Driver UK Master S.A. 
6. 
Payment Date, Payment Related Information 
The Issuer shall inform the holders of the Class A Notes, not later than on the Servicer Report 
Performance Date by means of the publication provided for under Notes Condition 10 (ii) with 
reference to the Payment Date (as described below) of such month, as follows: 
(a) 
the repayment of the nominal amount payable on each Series of the Class A Notes (if any) 
and the amount of interest calculated and payable on each Series of Class A Notes on the 
succeeding 25th day of such calendar month, or, if such date is not a Business Day, on the 
next following Business Day unless that day falls in the next calendar month, in which case 
the date will be the first preceding day that is a Business Day (each respectively a "Payment 
Date"); 
(b) 
the nominal amount remaining outstanding on each Series of Class A Notes on each 
respective Payment Date and the amount of interest remaining unpaid, if any, on the Class 
A Notes of each Series as from such Payment Date; 
(c) 
the Instrument Factor for each Series of Class A Notes; 
(d) 
the remaining General Cash Collateral Amount;  
(e) 
in the event of the final Payment Date with respect to a Series of Class A Notes, the fact that 
this is the last Payment Date; 
(f) 
The Issuer shall make available for inspection by the holders of the Class A Notes, in its 
offices at 22-24 Boulevard Royal, L-2449 Luxembourg and during normal business hours, 
the documents from which the figures reported to the holders of the Class A Notes are 
calculated; and 
(g) 
For the avoidance of doubt, the record date shall be the Business Day, by the close of 
business, prior to the relevant Payment Date. 
7. 
Payments of Interest 
(a) 
Subject to the limitations set forth in Notes Condition 5(c), each outstanding principal amount 
in respect of the Class A Notes shall bear interest from (and including) 27 November 2023 
(the "Closing Date") until (and including) the day preceding the day on which the principal 
amount has been reduced to zero. 
(b) 
Interest shall be paid in arrear on each Payment Date. The amount of interest payable in 
respect of each Class A Note on any Payment Date shall be calculated by applying the Class 
A Notes Interest Rate for the relevant Interest Accrual Period to the principal amount 
outstanding immediately prior to the relevant Payment Date and multiplying the result by the 
actual number of days in the relevant Interest Accrual Period divided by 365 and rounding 
the result to the nearest full penny, all as determined by The Bank of New York Mellon, 
London Branch (the "Interest Determination Agent"). 
(c) 
The interest rate to be used for calculating the amount of interest payable pursuant to 
paragraph (b) shall be the sum (subject to a floor of zero) of Compounded Daily SONIA plus 
0.78 per cent per annum (the "Senior Instrument Margin"), provided that if Compounded 
Daily SONIA plus the Senior Instrument Margin is less than zero, the senior instrument 
interest rate will be deemed to be zero (the "Senior Instrument Interest Rate").

--- Page 241 ---
- 230 - 
 
 
The Interest Determination Agent will as soon as practicable on each Interest Determination 
Date determine Compounded Daily SONIA for the related Interest Period. 
(d) 
If, in respect of any London Banking Day in the relevant Observation Period, the Interest 
Determination Agent determines that the SONIA Reference Rate is not available on the 
Screen or has not otherwise been published by the relevant authorised distributors, such 
SONIA Reference Rate shall be: (i) the Bank of England's Bank Rate (the "Bank Rate") 
prevailing at close of business on the relevant London Banking Day; plus (ii) the mean of the 
spread of the SONIA Reference Rate to the Bank Rate over the previous five days on which 
a SONIA Reference Rate has been published, excluding the highest spread (or, if there is 
more than one highest spread, one only of those highest spreads) and lowest spread (or, if 
there is more than one lowest spread, one only of those lowest spreads) to the Bank Rate. 
(e) 
Notwithstanding the provisions of these Notes Conditions, in the event the Bank of England 
publishes guidance as to (i) how SONIA is to be determined or (ii) any rate that is to replace 
the SONIA Reference Rate, the Servicer in conjunction with the Issuer (and in consultation 
with the Class A and B Noteholders) shall, to the extent that it is reasonably practicable, 
follow such guidance in order to determine SONIA, for so long as the SONIA Reference Rate 
is not available or has not been published by the authorised distributors. 
(f) 
In the event that Compounded Daily SONIA cannot be determined in accordance with the 
foregoing provisions by the Interest Determination Agent, Compounded Daily SONIA shall 
be (i) that determined as at the last preceding Interest Determination Date or (ii) if there is 
no such preceding Interest Determination Date, the initial Compounded Daily SONIA which 
would have been applicable to the Class A Notes for the first Interest Period had the Class 
A Notes been in issue for a period equal in duration to the scheduled first Interest Period but 
ending on (and excluding) the first Payment Date. 
(g) 
On the occurrence of the events described in Notes Condition 12 (Amendments to the 
Conditions and Benchmark Rate Modification) (the "Relevant Time"), the Issuer (acting on 
the advice of the Servicer) shall, without undue delay, use commercially reasonable 
endeavours to propose an Alternative Benchmark Rate in accordance with Notes Condition 
12 (Amendments to the Conditions and Benchmark Rate Modification) (the "Relevant 
Condition"). For the avoidance of doubt, if an Alternative Benchmark Rate proposed by or 
on behalf of the Issuer (including any Alternative Benchmark Rate which was proposed prior 
to the Relevant Time pursuant to the Relevant Condition) has failed to be implemented in 
accordance with the Relevant Condition as a result of Noteholder or Lender objections to 
the modification, the Issuer shall not be obliged to propose an Alternative Benchmark Rate 
under this Condition 7. 
(h) 
In these Notes Conditions (except where otherwise defined), the expression: 
"London Banking Day" means any day upon which banks are open for general banking 
business in London (excluding for the avoidance of doubt any bank holidays or a Saturday 
or a Sunday). 
"Compounded Daily SONIA" means the rate of return of a daily compound interest 
investment (with the daily Sterling overnight reference rate as reference rate for the 
calculation of interest) and will be calculated by the Interest Determination Agent as at the 
Interest Determination Date, as follows, and the resulting percentage will be rounded, if 
necessary, to the fourth decimal place, with 0.00005 being rounded upwards: 
 
 
 
where: 
"d" is the number of calendar days in the relevant Interest Period;

--- Page 242 ---
- 231 - 
 
 
"d0" is the number of London Banking Days in the relevant Interest Period; 
"i" is a series of whole numbers from one to d0, each representing the relevant London 
Banking Day in chronological order from, and including, the first London Banking Day in the 
relevant Interest Period; 
"LBD" means a London Banking Day; 
"ni", for any day "i", means the number of calendar days from and including such day "i" up 
to but excluding the following London Banking Day; and 
"p" means, for any Interest Period, 5 London Banking Days; and 
"SONIAi-pLBD" means, in respect of any London Banking Day falling in the relevant Interest 
Period, SONIA for the London Banking Day falling "p" London Banking Days prior to that 
London Banking Day "i". 
(i) 
Accrued Interest not paid on a Class A Note on the Payment Date related to the Interest 
Accrual Period in which it accrued, will be an "Interest Shortfall" with respect to such Class 
A Note and will constitute a Foreclosure Event, if not paid for a period of five Business Days 
from the relevant Payment Date. 
8. 
Payment obligations, Agents 
(a) 
On each Payment Date, the Issuer shall, subject to Notes Condition 5(c), pay to each holder 
of a Class A Note interest at the Senior Instrument Interest Rate on the Nominal Instrument 
Amount outstanding immediately prior to the relevant Payment Date, and on each Payment 
Date the Class A Note qualifies as an Amortising Instrument, the Senior Instrument 
Amortisation Amount applicable to such Series of Class A Notes in accordance with the 
Order of Priority. The record date shall be the close of the Business Day (in the ICSDs' city) 
prior to the relevant Payment Date. 
(b) 
Sums which are to be paid to holders of a Class A Note shall be rounded down to the nearest 
full penny for each of the Class A Notes. The amount of such rounding down to the nearest 
full penny amount shall be used on the next following Payment Date and any surplus carried 
over to the following Payment Date. The Servicer shall be entitled to retain any amount less 
than GBP 500 remaining on the Final Maturity Date (as defined below). 
(c) 
Payments of principal and interest, if any, on the Class A Notes shall be made by the 
Principal Paying Agent on the Issuer's behalf for further payment to Clearstream, 
Luxembourg and Euroclear or to their order for credit to the relevant account holders of 
Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg. All payments in respect of any Class A Note made 
by, or on behalf of, the Issuer to, or to their order of Euroclear or Clearstream, Luxembourg 
shall discharge the liability of the Issuer under such Class A Note to the extent of sums so 
paid. 
(d) 
The first Payment Date for the Class A Notes shall be specified in the relevant Final Terms. 
The final payment of the then outstanding principal amount plus interest thereon is expected 
to take place on or before 25 November 2030 (the "Scheduled Repayment Date"). 
(e) 
Subject to the occurrence of an Enforcement Event, all payments of interest on and principal 
of the Class A Notes will be due and payable at the latest in full on 25 November 2031 (each 
a "Final Maturity Date"). 
(f) 
Provided that the Noteholders have received a notice from the Issuer in accordance with 
Notes Condition 10 substantially in the form set out in Schedule 1 to these Notes Conditions 
no later than one month prior to the then current revolving period expiration date applicable 
to the Series of Notes held by such Noteholder (as specified in the relevant Final Terms or 
as previously extended, the "Instrument Revolving Period Expiration Date"), all of the 
holders of the relevant Series of Class A Notes, acting together shall have the right (but not 
the obligation) exercisable by written notice to the Principal Paying Agent, the Security 
Trustee, the Registrar and the Issuer (in the form of Schedule 2) to these Notes Conditions

--- Page 243 ---
- 232 - 
 
 
to be received not later than on the tenth (10th) Business Day immediately preceding the 
then current Instrument Revolving Period Expiration Date to request: 
(i) 
the extension of the Instrument Revolving Period Expiration Date for a period 
specified in the relevant notice; 
(ii) 
an amendment to the Senior Instrument Margin; and 
(iii) 
the extension of the Final Maturity Date for a period to be specified in the relevant 
notice. 
(g) 
Any amendments so requested shall become effective only if (A) (i) the Issuer has received 
confirmation from the Rating Agencies that the rating of the Class A Notes will not be affected 
by such amendments, or (ii) the Rating Agencies have confirmed that the assignment of new 
ratings are not lower than the rating for the then outstanding Class A Notes before the 
Instrument Revolving Period Expiration Date was extended, or, as applicable, the Issuer has 
received a new rating confirmation stating the same rating as the Class A Notes prior to the 
amendments and (B) by no later than the third Business Day prior to the then current 
Instrument Revolving Period Expiration Date, the Issuer has confirmed by notice to the 
holders of the Class A Notes in the form prescribed by Notes Condition 10 that it has received 
such confirmation and that it agrees to the requested amendments; and (C) that the Issuer 
had arranged sufficient interest hedging for the amended Instrument Revolving Period 
Expiration Date. In case one of the Registered Holder of a Series of Class A Note does 
extend its Instrument Revolving Period Expiration Date, Scheduled Repayment Date and 
Final Maturity Date, the Final Maturity Date for all Instruments outstanding will automatically 
be extended by one year in order to align all Final Maturity Dates. 
(h) 
The Issuer shall procure that the amendments that have become effective in accordance 
with these provisions will be notified to the Principal Paying Agent for further communication 
to the Common Safekeeper for Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg immediately after 
the notice from the holders of the relevant Series of Class A Notes has been given. 
(i) 
Payments of interest and principal shall be made by the Issuer to the Principal Paying Agent 
for on-payment to Clearstream Luxembourg and/or Euroclear or to their order for credit to 
the accounts of the relevant account holders of Clearstream Luxembourg or, as applicable 
Euroclear. Payment by the Issuer to the Principal Paying Agent may also include payment 
to a substitute or alternative paying agent duly appointed pursuant to Notes Condition 8(j) 
without having to execute an affidavit or fulfil any formalities other than the compliance with 
tax, currency exchange or other regulations of the country where the payment takes place. 
The Issuer is entitled to transfer paid-in amounts to the Account Bank prior to the Payment 
Date and leave with the Account Bank any amounts not claimed by the Noteholders upon 
maturity. 
(j) 
In their capacity as such, the Principal Paying Agent and the Interest Determination Agent, 
respectively, shall act solely as agents of the Issuer and shall not maintain an agency or trust 
relationship with the holders of the Class A Notes. The Issuer may appoint a new principal 
paying agent and interest determination agent, or if there are grounds to do so, appoint an 
alternative principal paying agent and/or an alternative interest determination agent and 
revoke the appointment of the Principal Paying Agent and/or the Interest Determination 
Agent as provided for in clause 9 (General) of the Agency Agreement. Appointments and 
revocations thereof shall be notified to the holders of the Class A Notes pursuant to Notes 
Condition 10. The Issuer will ensure that during the term of the Class A Notes and as long 
as the Class A Notes are listed on the Luxembourg Stock Exchange a paying agent and an 
interest determination agent will be appointed at all times and will be released from the 
restrictions of section 181 of the German Civil Code. 
9. 
Taxes 
Payments shall only be made after the deduction and withholding of current or future taxes, levies or 
government charges, regardless of their nature, which are imposed, raised or collected ("taxes") on 
the basis of the applicable laws of, or for the account of, an authority or government agency

--- Page 244 ---
- 233 - 
 
 
authorised to levy taxes or of any country which claims fiscal jurisdiction, to the extent that such a 
collection is prescribed by applicable law (or pursuant to FATCA). The Issuer shall render an account 
of the deducted or withheld taxes accruing to the competent government agencies and shall, upon a 
Noteholder's request, provide proof thereof. It is not obliged to pay any additional amounts as a result 
of the deduction or withholding. 
10. 
Notices 
Notices to the Noteholders will be validly given if transmitted individually to the address set out in the 
Register for such Noteholder. 
As long as the Global Note is registered in the Name of the Registered Holder notices to Noteholders 
may be validly given if transmitted to Euroclear and Clearstream Luxembourg for further 
communication to the persons shown as holders of the Notes in their records. Any notice so given 
shall be deemed to have been given to all Noteholders on the seventh day after the day on which 
the said notice was given to Euroclear and Clearstream Luxembourg. 
In addition, as long as the Notes are listed on the official list of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange and 
the rules of such exchange so require, all notices to the Noteholders regarding the Notes shall be 
published on the website of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange (www.luxse.com). Any notice referred 
to above shall be deemed to have been given to all Noteholders on the seventh day after the day on 
which the said notice was published on the website of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange 
(www.luxse.com). Should an official listing be absent, then such notices shall be published in the 
German Federal Gazette (Bundesanzeiger). 
Additionally, investor reports with the information set forth in Notes Condition 6 will be made available 
to 
the 
Noteholders 
via 
the 
website 
of 
Volkswagen 
Financial 
Services 
AG 
(https://www.vwfs.com/en/investor-relations.html). The Base Prospectus relating to the Notes 
Conditions will be published on the website of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange (www.luxse.com).  
11. 
Miscellaneous 
(a) The form and content of the Class A Notes and all of the rights and obligations of the holders of 
the Class A Notes, the Issuer, the Principal Paying Agent and the Servicer under these Class A 
Notes shall be governed and subject in all respects to the laws of Germany.  
(b) Should any of the provisions hereof be or become invalid in whole or in part, the other provisions 
shall remain in force.  
(c) The place of performance and venue is Frankfurt am Main. The German courts have jurisdiction 
for the annulment of the Global Note in the event of loss or destruction. 
(d) For any legal proceedings brought in connection with these Notes Conditions of the Class A 
Notes which have been initiated against the Issuer in a court of Germany, the Issuer grants 
Intertrust (Deutschland) GmbH, Eschersheimer Landstraße 14, 60322 Frankfurt am Main, 
Germany the authority to accept service of process. The Issuer undertakes to maintain an agent 
for accepting such service in the Federal Republic of Germany as long as any of the Notes are 
outstanding. 
12. 
Amendments to the Conditions and Benchmark Rate Modification 
(a) 
Save for purposes of complying with the EU Securitisation Regulation and UK Securitisation 
Regulation in accordance with Notes Condition 12(b) or in respect of a Benchmark Rate 
Modification undertaken in accordance with Notes Condition 12(c) below, the Notes 
Conditions of any Series of Class A Notes may only be modified through contractual 
agreement to be concluded between the Issuer and all Noteholders of each Series of Class 
A Notes as provided for in Sec. 4 of the German Debenture Act (Gesetz über 
Schuldverschreibungen aus Gesamtemissionen (Schuldverschreibungsgesetz - SchVG)) 
with a prior notification to the Rating Agencies or by a Noteholder's resolution adopted with 
unanimous consent of the Noteholders of such Series of Class A Notes pursuant to Sections 
5 to 22 of the aforementioned act.

--- Page 245 ---
- 234 - 
 
 
(b) 
Subject to giving ten (10) Business Days prior notice to the Noteholders, the Lenders and 
the Rating Agencies, by publishing such notice with the Luxembourg Stock Exchange 
(www.luxse.com), the Issuer will be entitled to amend any term or provision of the Notes 
Conditions with the consent of the Security Trustee, but without the consent of any 
Noteholder, any Lender any Swap Counterparty, the Subordinated Lender, the Arranger, the 
Lead Manager or any other Person if it is advised by a third party authorised under Article 
28 of the UK Securitisation Regulation or a reputable international law firm that such 
amendments are required for the Transaction to comply with the EU Securitisation 
Regulation or the UK Securitisation Regulation, as applicable, or any regulatory and/or 
implementing technical standards adopted under the EU Securitisation Regulation or any 
directions, secondary legislation, guidance, regulatory technical standards, implementing 
technical standards and related documents published by the FCA and the PRA of the United 
Kingdom under the UK Securitisation Regulation. Insofar as such amendments relate to the 
originator or Seller, any amendments in order to comply with the EU Securitisation 
Regulation shall not result in any non-compliance with the UK Securitisation Regulation and 
insofar as such amendments relate to the Issuer, any amendments in order to comply with 
the UK Securitisation Regulation shall not result in any non-compliance with the EU 
Securitisation Regulation. 
(c) 
The Servicer, on behalf of the Issuer, has the right to amend these Notes Conditions and 
any Transaction Document for the purpose of changing the benchmark rate in respect of the 
Notes from Compounded Daily SONIA to an alternative benchmark rate (any such rate, an 
"Alternative Benchmark Rate") (which rate shall apply for the purposes of determining the 
floating amount payable by the floating rate payer in respect of the Swap Agreements without 
a requirement for the consent of the relevant Swap Counterparty to such change in the 
benchmark rate) and making such other related or consequential amendments to the 
Transaction Documents as are necessary or advisable in the reasonable judgment of the 
Issuer to facilitate the changes envisaged pursuant to this Notes Condition 12 (a 
"Benchmark Rate Modification"), provided that in relation to any amendment under this 
Notes Condition 12 the Servicer, on behalf of the Issuer, certifies to the Security Trustee in 
writing, including by e-mail, (such certificate, a "Benchmark Rate Modification Certificate") 
that: 
(i) 
the Issuer has provided at least 30 days' notice to the Noteholders and Lenders of 
each Senior Instrument of the proposed modification in accordance with Notes 
Condition 10 (Notices) and Loan Condition 9 (Notices), as applicable, and the 
Noteholders and Lenders representing at least 10 per cent. of the aggregate 
outstanding principal amount of the Senior Instruments then outstanding have not 
contacted the Security Trustee in writing (or otherwise in accordance with the then 
current practice of any applicable clearing system through which Notes may be held) 
within such notification period notifying the Security Trustee that such Noteholders 
do not consent to the modification; 
(ii) 
the Issuer has provided the Transaction Creditors (including the Swap 
Counterparties) with at least 30 days' notice of the proposed modifications: 
(1) 
to the Alternative Benchmark Rate which shall apply in respect of the 
Conditions and the Swap Agreements for the purposes of determining the 
floating amount payable by the floating rate payer in respect of the Swap 
Agreements without a requirement for the consent of the relevant Swap 
Counterparty to such change in the benchmark rate; and 
(2) 
to such other related or consequential amendments to the Transaction 
Documents (including, if applicable, the Swap Agreements) as are 
necessary or advisable in the reasonable judgment of the Issuer to facilitate 
the Benchmark Rate Modification and the Issuer has obtained the consent 
of any other Transaction Creditors which are not Noteholders and Lenders 
in accordance with the provisions of the Incorporated Terms Memorandum; 
(iii) 
the Seller pays all fees, costs and expenses incurred by the Issuer and the Security 
Trustee in connection with such Benchmark Rate Modification;

--- Page 246 ---
- 235 - 
 
 
(iv) 
such Benchmark Rate Modification is being undertaken by the Servicer, on behalf 
of the Issuer, due to: 
(1) 
a material disruption to SONIA, a material adverse change in the 
methodology of calculating SONIA or SONIA ceasing to exist or be 
published or the administrator of SONIA having used a fallback 
methodology for calculating SONIA for a period of at least 30 calendar 
days; 
(2) 
the insolvency or cessation of business of the SONIA administrator (in 
circumstances where no successor SONIA administrator has been 
appointed); 
(3) 
a public statement or the publication of information by or on behalf of the 
SONIA administrator announcing that it has ceased or will cease to provide 
SONIA permanently or indefinitely, provided that, at the time of the 
statement or publication, there is no successor administrator that will 
continue to provide SONIA with effect from a date no later than 6 months 
after the proposed effective date of such Benchmark Rate Modification; 
(4) 
a public statement or publication of information by the regulatory supervisor 
of the SONIA administrator, the Bank of England, the Financial Conduct 
Authority or the Prudential Regulation Authority, an insolvency official with 
jurisdiction over the SONIA administrator, or a court or entity with similar 
insolvency or resolution authority over the SONIA administrator, which 
states that the SONIA administrator has ceased or will cease to provide 
SONIA permanently or indefinitely, provided that, at the time of the 
statement or publication, there is no successor administrator that will 
continue to provide SONIA with effect from a date no later than 6 months 
after the proposed effective date of such Benchmark Rate Modification;  
(5) 
a public statement or publication of information by the regulatory supervisor 
of the SONIA administrator, the Bank of England, the Financial Conduct 
Authority or the Prudential Regulation Authority that means SONIA may no 
longer be used or that its use is or will be subject to restrictions or adverse 
consequences from a date no later than 6 months after the proposed 
effective date of such Benchmark Rate Modification; 
(6) 
a change in generally accepted market practice in the asset backed floating 
rate instruments market to refer to a benchmark rate endorsed in a public 
statement by the Bank of England, the Financial Conduct Authority or the 
Prudential Regulation Authority or any relevant committee or other body 
established, sponsored or approved by any of the foregoing, including the 
Working Group on Sterling Risk-Free Rates, despite the continued 
existence of SONIA;  
(7) 
it becomes unlawful for the Principal Paying Agent, the Issuer or the Interest 
Determination Agent to calculate any payments to be made to any 
Noteholder using SONIA;  
(8) 
the reasonable expectation of the Servicer that any of the events specified 
in sub-paragraphs (1), (2) or (7) above will occur or exist within six months 
of the proposed effective date of such Benchmark Rate Modification;  
(9) 
an alternative manner of calculating a SONIA-based rate being introduced 
and becoming a standard means of calculating interest in the asset backed 
floating rate instruments market; 
(10) 
a Benchmark Rate Modification is being proposed pursuant to Notes 
Condition 12(h), and

--- Page 247 ---
- 236 - 
 
 
(v) 
such Alternative Benchmark Rate is:  
(1) 
a benchmark rate published, endorsed, approved or recognised by the 
Bank of England, the Financial Conduct Authority or Prudential Regulation 
Authority or any relevant committee or other body established, sponsored 
or approved by any of the foregoing, including the Working Group on 
Sterling Risk-Free Reference Rates (which, for the avoidance of doubt, 
may be an alternative benchmark rate together with a specified adjustment 
factor which may increase or decrease the relevant Alternative Benchmark 
Rate); 
(2) 
a benchmark rate utilised in a material number of new issues of Sterling 
denominated asset backed floating rate notes instruments prior to the 
effective date of such Benchmark Rate Modification; 
(3) 
a benchmark rate utilised in a new issue of Sterling denominated asset 
backed floating rate instruments where the originator of the relevant assets 
is an Affiliate of VWFS; or 
(4) 
such other benchmark rate as the Servicer reasonably determines provided 
that this option may only be used if the Servicer certifies to the Security 
Trustee that, in the reasonable opinion of the Servicer, conditions 
(12)(c)(v)(1) to (3) are not applicable and/or practicable in the context of the 
Transaction, and sets out the rationale in the Benchmark Rate Modification 
Certificate for choosing the Alternative Benchmark Rate; 
(d) 
The Servicer on the Issuer’s behalf, shall (i) provide the Security Trustee with an initial draft 
of the Benchmark Rate Modification Certificate at least 30 calendar days prior to the date on 
which it is proposed that the Benchmark Rate Modification would take effect and (ii) provide 
the Security Trustee with a signed copy of the final Benchmark Rate Modification Certificate 
on the date on which the Benchmark Rate Modification shall take effect (the "Benchmark 
Rate Modification Effective Date"). 
(e) 
The Servicer, on behalf of the Issuer, shall provide at least 30 days' notice to the Noteholders 
and Lenders of each Senior Instrument of the proposed modification in accordance with 
Notes Condition 10 (Notices) and Loan Condition 9 (Notices), as applicable (the 
"Benchmark Rate Modification Notice"). The Benchmark Rate Modification Notice shall 
include the following: 
(i) 
details of how the Noteholders and Lenders representing at least 10 per cent. of the 
Instrument Principal Amount Outstanding of the Senior Instruments then 
outstanding may object to the proposed Benchmark Rate Modification; 
(ii) 
confirmation of the sub-paragraph(s) of Condition 12(c)(iv) under which the 
Benchmark Rate Modification is being proposed; 
(iii) 
confirmation of the Alternative Benchmark Rate and where Condition 12(c)(v)(4) is 
being applied, the rationale for choosing the proposed Alternative Benchmark Rate; 
(iv) 
details of any consequential modifications that the Issuer has agreed will be made 
to the Swap Agreements to which it is a party (if any) for the purpose of aligning the 
Swap Agreements with the proposed Benchmark Rate Modification, if the proposed 
Benchmark Rate Modification takes effect;  
(v) 
confirmation that either: 
(1) 
the Servicer, on behalf of the Issuer, has obtained from each of the Rating 
Agencies written confirmation (or certifies in the Benchmark Rate 
Modification Certificate that it has been unable to obtain written 
confirmation, but has received oral confirmation from an appropriately 
authorised person at each of the Rating Agencies) that the proposed 
Benchmark Rate Modification would not result in (x) a downgrade,

--- Page 248 ---
- 237 - 
 
 
withdrawal or suspension of the then current ratings assigned any Senior 
Instrument by any Rating Agency and would not result in any Rating 
Agency or (y) placing any Senior Instrument on rating watch negative (or 
equivalent) and, if relevant, delivers a copy of each such confirmation to 
the Issuer and the Security Trustee with the Benchmark Rate Modification 
Certificate; or 
(2) 
the Servicer on behalf of the Issuer certifies to the Security Trustee in the 
Benchmark Rate Modification Certificate that the Rating Agencies have 
been informed of the proposed modification and neither of the Rating 
Agencies has indicated that such modification would result in (x) a 
downgrade, withdrawal or suspension of the then current ratings assigned 
to the Senior Instruments by such Rating Agency or (y) such Rating Agency 
placing any Senior Instrument on rating watch negative (or equivalent). 
(f) 
If the Noteholders and Lenders representing at least 10 per cent. of the Instrument Principal 
Amount Outstanding of the Senior Instruments then outstanding have notified the Issuer in 
writing (or otherwise in accordance with the then current practice of any applicable Clearing 
System through which Notes may be held) within the notification period referred to above 
that such Noteholders and Lenders do not consent to the Benchmark Rate Modification, then 
such Benchmark Rate Modification will not be made in respect of each Senior Instrument 
unless Noteholders of such Series of Class A Notes and Lenders of such Senior 
Schuldschein Loan unanimously consent in favour of the Benchmark Rate Modification, in 
accordance with Part B of the German Debenture Act. 
(g) 
Other than where specifically provided in this Notes Condition 12 or any Transaction 
Document, when implementing any modification pursuant to this Notes Condition 12, the 
Security Trustee shall not consider the interests of the Noteholders, the Lenders, any other 
Transaction Creditors or any other person and shall act and rely solely and without further 
investigation, on any Benchmark Rate Modification Certificate or evidence provided to it by 
the Servicer on behalf of the Issuer or the relevant Transaction Party, as the case may be, 
pursuant to this Notes Condition 12 and shall not be liable to the Noteholders of the Class A 
Notes, the Lenders of the Senior Schuldschein Loans, any other Transaction Creditor or any 
other person for so acting or relying, irrespective of whether any such modification is or may 
be materially prejudicial to the interests of any such person. 
(h) 
Any Benchmark Rate Modification shall be binding on all the Noteholders and shall be 
notified by the Servicer, on behalf of the Issuer, at least 10 Business Days prior to the 
Benchmark Rate Modification Effective Date to: 
(i) 
so long as any of the Class A Notes rated by the Rating Agencies remains 
outstanding, each Rating Agency; 
(ii) 
the Transaction Creditors (including, for the avoidance of doubt, the Swap 
Counterparties); and 
(iii) 
the Noteholders of the Class A Notes in accordance with Notes Condition 10 
(Notices). 
(i) 
Following the making of a Benchmark Rate Modification, if it becomes generally accepted 
market practice in the asset backed floating rate instruments market to use a benchmark 
rate of interest which is different from the Alternative Benchmark Rate which had already 
been adopted by the Issuer in respect of the Class A Notes pursuant to a Benchmark Rate 
Modification, the Issuer is entitled to propose a further Benchmark Rate Modification 
pursuant to this Notes Condition 12.

--- Page 249 ---
- 238 - 
 
 
 
SCHEDULE 1 
FORM OF NOTICE TO BE DELIVERED BY THE ISSUER TO THE HOLDERS OF THE CLASS 
A NOTES IN ACCORDANCE WITH CONDITION 8(F) 
Notice to the registered holders of the Class A Notes, issued by Driver UK Master S.A. acting for and 
on behalf of its Compartment 7 (the "Class A Notes"), to be given one month prior to the Instrument 
Revolving Period Expiration Date 
Terms not defined herein shall have the meaning given to them in the Notes Conditions of the Class A Notes. 
Notice is hereby given to the holders of the Class A Notes that they shall have the right exercisable by written 
notice sent to each of the Principal Paying Agent, the Registrar, the Security Trustee and the Issuer to be 
received not later than on the tenth Business Day immediately preceding then current Instrument Revolving 
Period Expiration Date, to request: 
(i) 
an extension of the Instrument Revolving Period Expiration Date for a period to be specified in the 
relevant notice; 
(ii) 
an amendment to the Senior Instrument Margin; and 
(iii) 
an extension of the Final Maturity Date for a period to be specified in the relevant notice. 
Luxembourg, [date] 
Signed by: 
_____________________ 
Driver UK Master S.A. acting for and on behalf of its Compartment 7

--- Page 250 ---
- 239 - 
 
 
SCHEDULE 2  
FORM OF NOTICE TO BE DELIVERED BY THE HOLDERS OF EACH SERIES OF CLASS A 
NOTES TO THE PRINCIPAL PAYING AGENT, THE REGISTRAR, THE SECURITY TRUSTEE 
AND THE ISSUER IN ACCORDANCE WITH CONDITION 8(F) 
 
From: 
[Name, address, phone number and fax number of relevant Noteholder] 
To: 
[Issuer] 
[Principal Paying Agent] [Registrar] [Security Trustee] [Rating Agencies] 
GBP Class A Series [⚫] Notes, issued by Driver UK Master S.A. acting for and on behalf of its 
Compartment 7 (the "Notes") 
Dear Sirs, 
Terms not defined in herein shall have the meaning given to them in the Notes Conditions of the Class A 
Notes. 
Reference is made to Notes Condition 8(f) of the terms and conditions of the above mentioned Class A Notes 
and the notice published on [date]. 
We hereby request: 
(i) 
an extension of the Instrument Revolving Period Expiration Date for a period of [to be inserted] so 
that the extended Instrument Revolving Period Expiration Date shall be [to be inserted]; 
(ii) 
[to be inserted] as amended Senior Instrument Margin with effect from (and including) the Payment 
Date falling in [to be inserted]; and 
(iii) 
an extension of the Final Maturity Date for a period equal to the period specified under (i) above so 
that the extended Final Maturity Date shall be [to be inserted]. 
We hereby represent and warrant that: 
(i) 
as of the date of this notice, we hold [to be inserted] per cent of the Notes outstanding on the date of 
this notice; and 
(ii) 
after the date of this notice, we will not sell or transfer or otherwise dispose of any of the Class A 
Notes prior to the 25th Business Day after the date of this notice. 
We hereby acknowledge that the amendments requested above shall become effective only if: (A) the Issuer 
has received confirmation from the Rating Agencies that the rating of the Class A Notes will not be affected 
by such amendments, (B) by no later than the third Business Day prior to the then current Instrument 
Revolving Period Expiration Date, the Issuer has confirmed by notice to us (as holders of the Class A Notes) 
in the form prescribed in Notes Condition 10 that it has received such reaffirmation and that it agrees to the 
requested amendments and (C) the Notes have the benefit of an interest rate swap with an Eligible Swap 
Counterparty under which interest payments due under the relevant Series of Notes are hedged to the 
extended Final Maturity Date of the Notes. 
Kind regards, 
Signed by: 
_____________________ 
[name and signatures of Class A Series [⚫] Noteholder]

--- Page 251 ---
- 240 - 
 
 
TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THE CLASS B NOTES 
The terms and conditions of the Class B Notes (the "Notes Conditions") are set out below. Annex A to the 
Notes Conditions sets out the "TRUST AGREEMENT", Annex B to the Notes Conditions sets out the 
"INCORPORATED TERMS MEMORANDUM". In case of any overlap or inconsistency in the definition of a 
term or expression in the Conditions and elsewhere in this Base Prospectus, the definition contained in the 
Notes Conditions will prevail. For Annex A referred to under the Notes Conditions see "TRUST 
AGREEMENT". 
1. 
Form and Nominal Instrument Amount of the Notes 
(a) 
The issue by Driver UK Master S.A., acting for and on behalf of its Compartment 7 (the 
"Issuer") in an aggregate nominal amount of up to GBP 7,000,000,000 (the "Nominal 
Amount") is divided into certain Class B Notes payable to the registered holder (the "Class 
B Notes"), each having a nominal amount of at least GBP 100,000 and certain Class A 
Notes. 
(b) 
The Class B Notes are issued in registered form and represented by a global registered note 
without coupons attached (the "Global Note"). The Global Note representing the Class B 
Notes shall be deposited with a Common Depository for Clearstream Luxembourg and 
Euroclear and thereafter, the Global Note will be held in book-entry form only. The Global 
Note representing the Class B Notes will bear the personal signatures of two duly authorised 
directors of Driver UK Master S.A., acting for and on behalf of its Compartment 7 and will be 
authenticated by one or more employees or attorneys of the Registrar. 
(c) 
The Issuer will cause to be kept at the specified office of the Registrar a register (the 
"Register") on which will be entered the names and addresses of the Noteholders (as 
defined below) and the particulars of such Class B Notes held by them and all transfers and 
payments (of interest and principal) of such Class B Notes. The rights of the Noteholders 
(as defined below) evidenced by the Global Note and title to the Class B Notes itself pass 
by assignment and registration in the Register. The Global Note representing the Class B 
Notes will be issued in the name of a nominee of the Common Depositary for Clearstream 
Luxembourg and Euroclear (the "Registered Holder"). The Registered Holder will be 
registered as Noteholder in the Register.  
(d) 
Notwithstanding paragraph (c) of this Notes Condition 1, each person (other than Euroclear 
or Clearstream Luxembourg) who is for the time being shown in the records of Euroclear 
and/or Clearstream Luxembourg, as the holder of a particular nominal amount of such Class 
B Notes (in which regard any certificate or other document issued by Euroclear or 
Clearstream Luxembourg, as to the nominal amount of Notes standing to the account of any 
person shall be conclusive and binding for all purposes save in the case of manifest error) 
shall be treated by the Issuer and any paying agent as the holder of such nominal amount 
of the Class B Notes for all purposes (and the expressions "Noteholder" and "holder of 
Notes" and related expressions shall be construed accordingly). 
(e) 
Notwithstanding paragraph (c) of this Notes Condition 1, the interests in the Class B Notes 
represented by the Global Note are transferable only according to applicable rules and 
regulations of Clearstream Luxembourg, and Euroclear, as the case may be. The Global 
Note will not be exchangeable for definitive Class B Notes. 
(f) 
Simultaneously with the Class B Notes the Issuer has made borrowings under the Junior 
Schuldschein Loans (the "Junior Schuldschein Loans") which rank pari passu with the 
Class B Notes with respect to payment of interest and principal as described in the Order of 
Priority. Furthermore, the Issuer has issued Class A Floating Rate Notes (the "Class A 
Notes" and together with the Class B Notes, the "Notes") and Senior Schuldschein Loans 
(the "Senior Schuldschein Loans" and together with the Junior Schuldschein Loans, the 
"Schuldschein Loans"), both of which rank senior to the Class B Notes with respect to 
payment of interest and principal as described in the Order of Priority. The Issuer will borrow 
from the Subordinated Lender the Subordinated Loan on the Closing Date and further may 
borrow Subordinated Loan Increase Amounts on each Additional Borrowing Date. The 
Subordinated Loan ranks junior to the Instruments with respect to payment of interest and 
principal as described in the Order of Priority.

--- Page 252 ---
- 241 - 
 
 
(g) 
The Notes are subject to the provisions of the Trust Agreement between, inter alios, the 
Issuer, the Security Trustee and Volkswagen Financial Services (UK) Limited. The 
provisions of the Trust Agreement are set out in Annex A. Annex A constitutes part of these 
Notes Conditions.  
2. 
Series 
(a) 
Series of Class B Notes: 
On a given Issue Date falling within the Revolving Period, all Class B Notes issued on that 
date will constitute one or several Series of Class B Notes, which shall be identified by means 
of: 
A four digit number representing the year on which the Series was issued, in the following 
format: Series "20xx", followed by: 
 
the number of such Series in respect of the relevant year, in the following format "y", 
 
in the following format: Series 20xx-y. 
 
(b) 
General principles relating to the Series of Class B Notes: 
The Class B Notes of different Series shall not be fungible among themselves. 
 
All Class B Notes issued within the same Series shall be fungible among themselves in 
accordance with and subject to the following provisions: 
 
The Series 20xx-y Class B Notes of the same Series shall all bear the same interest rate in 
accordance with the provisions of Notes Condition 7; 
 
The interest rate payable under the Series 20xx-y Class B Notes of a given Series shall be 
paid on the same Payment Dates; and 
 
The Series 20xx-y Class B Notes in respect of a given Series shall have the same Scheduled 
Repayment Date and the same Series 20xx-y Final Maturity Date as set out in Notes 
Condition 8. 
 
3. 
Status and Ranking 
(a) 
The Class B Notes of any Series constitute direct, secured, unconditional and 
unsubordinated obligations of the Issuer. The Class B Notes rank pari passu among 
themselves and with the Junior Schuldschein Loans, but rank junior to the Class A Notes 
and the Senior Schuldschein Loans. The Class B Notes rank senior to the Subordinated 
Loan. 
(b) 
The claims of the holders of the Class B Notes under the Class B Notes are ranked against 
the claims of all other creditors of the Issuer in accordance with the Order of Priority, unless 
mandatory provisions of law provide otherwise. 
4. 
The Issuer 
The Issuer whose Articles of Incorporation are subject to the Luxembourg Securitisation Law is a 
company incorporated with limited liability under the laws of Luxembourg and which has been 
founded solely for the purpose of acquiring the Receivables and issuing the Notes and raising the 
Subordinated Loan and concluding and executing various agreements in connection therewith.  
5. 
Assets of the Issuer for the Purpose of Payments on the Notes and on the Subordinated Loan, 
Provision of Security, Limited Payment Obligation 
(a) 
The Issuer will use the proceeds of the Instruments and of the Subordinated Loan to acquire 
from VWFS, pursuant to the Receivables Purchase Agreement, Initial Receivables and 
Ancillary Rights arising from Financing Contracts which VWFS has concluded with private 
individual and commercial Obligors and to acquire Additional Receivables (and related

--- Page 253 ---
- 242 - 
 
 
Ancillary Rights) from VWFS during the Revolving Period. The collection and administration 
of the Purchased Receivables shall be carried out on the basis of the Servicing Agreement 
between the Issuer, VWFS as Servicer and the Security Trustee. Furthermore, the Issuer 
has entered into additional agreements in connection with the acquisition of the Purchased 
Receivables and the raising of the Schuldschein Loans, the issuance of the Notes and the 
raising of the Subordinated Loan, the Corporate Services Agreement with the Corporate 
Services Provider, the Data Protection Trust Agreement with the Data Protection Trustee, 
the Trust Agreement with the Security Trustee, the Swap Agreements with the Swap 
Counterparties, the Agency Agreement with the Agents and VWFS, and the Account 
Agreement with the Account Bank and the Redelivery Repurchase Agreement with VWFS. 
The Receivables Purchase Agreement, the Servicing Agreement, the Corporate Services 
Agreement, the Subordinated Loan Agreement, the Agency Agreement, the Account 
Agreement and the Redelivery Repurchase Agreement, are (amongst others) collectively 
referred to as the "Transaction Documents" and the creditors of the Issuer under these 
Transaction Documents are referred to as "Transaction Creditors". 
(b) 
The Issuer will transfer and assign by way of first fixed security its interest in the Purchased 
Receivables, all of its claims arising under the Relevant Contracts, its interest in the 
Accounts to the Security Trustee as Security for its obligations under the Instruments and 
other Secured Obligations pursuant to the Deed of Charge and Assignment and 
Assignations in Security. The Issuer will transfer by way of security to the Security Trustee 
all its claims and other rights arising from the German Transaction Documents in accordance 
with the Trust Agreement. 
(c) 
All payment obligations of the Issuer under the Instruments and the Subordinated Loan 
Agreement constitute solely obligations to distribute amounts out of the Available Distribution 
Amount as generated, inter alia, by payments to the Issuer by the obligors and by the Swap 
Counterparties under the Swap Agreements, as available on the respective Payment Dates 
according to the Order of Priority of distribution. None of the Instruments shall give rise to 
any payment obligation in excess of the foregoing and recourse shall be limited accordingly. 
The Issuer shall hold all moneys paid to it in the Distribution Account. Furthermore, the Issuer 
will on or before the Initial Issue Date establish and thereafter maintain the Cash Collateral 
Account to provide limited coverage for payments of interest and principal on the Instruments 
and certain other amounts. Furthermore, the Issuer shall exercise all of its rights under the 
Transaction Documents with the due care of a prudent businessman such that obligations 
under the Instruments may, subject always to the provisions of these Notes Conditions as 
to the Order of Priority, be performed to the fullest extent possible. To the extent that upon 
the exercise of such rights the funds of the Issuer, including in the Distribution Account and 
the Cash Collateral Account, any other assets of the Issuer and the proceeds from the 
enforcement of the Security are insufficient to satisfy in full the claims of all holders of 
Instruments any claims of holders of Instruments remaining unpaid shall be extinguished at 
the Final Maturity Date applicable to the respective Instrument and the Issuer shall have no 
further obligations thereto and, for the avoidance of doubt, neither the holders of the 
Instruments nor the Security Trustee shall have any further claims against the Issuer in 
respect of such claims remaining unpaid. 
(d) 
The enforcement of the payment obligations under the Instruments, the Subordinated Loan 
Agreement and the Swap Agreements pursuant to paragraph (c) shall only be effected by 
the Security Trustee for the benefit of all Noteholders, all Lenders, the Swap Counterparties 
and the Subordinated Lender and the other Secured Creditors. The Security Trustee is 
required to foreclose on the Receivables and the other collateral it holds following the 
occurrence of a Foreclosure Event, on the conditions and in accordance with the terms set 
forth in the Trust Agreement. 
(e) 
The other parties to the Transaction Documents shall not be liable for the obligations of the 
Issuer. 
(f) 
No shareholder, officer, director, employee or manager of the Issuer or of VWFS or its 
affiliates shall incur any personal liability as a result of the performance or non-performance 
by the Issuer of its obligations under the Transaction Documents. Any recourse against such 
a person is excluded accordingly.

--- Page 254 ---
- 243 - 
 
 
(g) 
The recourse of the Transaction Creditors is limited to the assets allocated to Compartment 
7 of the Driver UK Master S.A. 
6. 
Payment Date, Payment Related Information 
The Issuer shall inform the holders of the Class B Notes, not later than on the Servicer Report 
Performance Date by means of the publication provided for under Notes Condition 10 with reference 
to the Payment Date (as described below) of such month, as follows: 
(a) 
the repayment of the nominal amount payable on each Series of the Class B Notes (if any) 
and the amount of interest calculated and payable on each Series of Class B Notes on the 
succeeding 25th day of such calendar month, or, if such date is not a Business Day, on the 
next following Business Day unless that day falls in the next calendar month, in which case 
the date will be the first preceding day that is a Business Day (each respectively a "Payment 
Date"); 
(b) 
the nominal amount remaining outstanding on each Series of Class B Notes on each 
respective Payment Date and the amount of interest remaining unpaid, if any, on the Class 
B Notes of each Series as from such Payment Date; 
(c) 
the Instrument Factor for each Series of Class B Notes; 
(d) 
the remaining General Cash Collateral Amount;  
(e) 
in the event of the final Payment Date with respect to a Series of Class B Notes, the fact that 
this is the last Payment Date; 
(f) 
The Issuer shall make available for inspection by the holders of the Class B Notes, in its 
offices at 22-24 Boulevard Royal, L-2449 Luxembourg and during normal business hours, 
the documents from which the figures reported to the holders of the Class B Notes are 
calculated; and 
(g) 
For the avoidance of doubt, the record date shall be the Business Day, by the close of 
business, prior to the relevant Payment Date. 
7. 
Payments of Interest 
(a) 
Subject to the limitations set forth in Notes Condition 5(c), each outstanding principal amount 
in respect of the Class B Notes shall bear interest from (and including) 27 November 2023 
(the "Closing Date") until (and including) the day preceding the day on which the principal 
amount has been reduced to zero. 
(b) 
Interest shall be paid in arrear on each Payment Date. The amount of interest payable in 
respect of each Class B Note on any Payment Date shall be calculated by applying the 
Junior Instrument Interest Rate for the relevant Interest Accrual Period to the principal 
amount outstanding immediately prior to the relevant Payment Date and multiplying the 
result by the actual number of days in the relevant Interest Accrual Period divided by 365 
and rounding the result to the nearest full penny, all as determined by The Bank of New York 
Mellon, London Branch (the "Interest Determination Agent"). 
(c) 
The interest rate to be used for calculating the amount of interest payable pursuant to 
paragraph (b) shall be the sum (subject to a floor of zero) of Compounded Daily SONIA plus 
1.70 per cent. per annum (the "Junior Instrument Margin"), provided that if Compounded 
Daily SONIA plus the Junior Interest Margin is less than zero, the junior instrument interest 
rate will be deemed to be zero (the "Junior Instrument Interest Rate"). 
The Interest Determination Agent will as soon as practicable on each Interest Determination 
Date determine Compounded Daily SONIA for the related Interest Period. 
(d) 
If, in respect of any Business Day in the relevant Observation Period, the Interest 
Determination Agent determines that the SONIA Reference Rate is not available on the 
Screen or has not otherwise been published by the relevant authorised distributors, such

--- Page 255 ---
- 244 - 
 
 
SONIA Reference Rate shall be: (i) the Bank of England's Bank Rate (the "Bank Rate") 
prevailing at close of business on the relevant Business Day; plus (ii) the mean of the spread 
of the SONIA Reference Rate to the Bank Rate over the previous five days on which a 
SONIA Reference Rate has been published, excluding the highest spread (or, if there is 
more than one highest spread, one only of those highest spreads) and lowest spread (or, if 
there is more than one lowest spread, one only of those lowest spreads) to the Bank Rate. 
(e) 
Notwithstanding the provisions of these Notes Conditions, in the event the Bank of England 
publishes guidance as to (i) how SONIA is to be determined or (ii) any rate that is to replace 
the SONIA Reference Rate, the Servicer in conjunction with the Issuer (and in consultation 
with the Class A and B Noteholders) shall, to the extent that it is reasonably practicable, 
follow such guidance in order to determine SONIA, for so long as the SONIA Reference Rate 
is not available or has not been published by the authorised distributors.  
(f) 
In the event that Compounded Daily SONIA cannot be determined in accordance with the 
foregoing provisions by the Interest Determination Agent, Compounded Daily SONIA shall 
be (i) that determined as at the last preceding Interest Determination Date or (ii) if there is 
no such preceding Interest Determination Date, the initial Compounded Daily SONIA which 
would have been applicable to the Class B Notes for the first Interest Period had the Class 
B Notes been in issue for a period equal in duration to the scheduled first Interest Period but 
ending on (and excluding) the first Payment Date. 
(g) 
On the occurrence of the events described in Notes Condition 12 (Amendments to the 
Conditions and Benchmark Rate Modification) (the "Relevant Time"), the Issuer (acting on 
the advice of the Servicer) shall, without undue delay, use commercially reasonable 
endeavours to propose an Alternative Benchmark Rate in accordance with Notes Condition 
12 (Amendments to the Conditions and Benchmark Rate Modification) (the "Relevant 
Condition"). For the avoidance of doubt, if an Alternative Benchmark Rate proposed by or 
on behalf of the Issuer (including any Alternative Benchmark Rate which was proposed prior 
to the Relevant Time pursuant to the Relevant Condition) has failed to be implemented in 
accordance with the Relevant Condition as a result of Noteholder or Lender objections to 
the modification, the Issuer shall not be obliged to propose an Alternative Benchmark Rate 
under this Condition 7. 
(h) 
In these Notes Conditions (except where otherwise defined), the expression: 
"London Banking Day" means any day upon which banks are open for general banking 
business in London (excluding for the avoidance of doubt any bank holidays or a Saturday 
or a Sunday). 
"Compounded Daily SONIA" means the rate of return of a daily compound interest 
investment (with the daily Sterling overnight reference rate as reference rate for the 
calculation of interest) and will be calculated by the Interest Determination Agent as at the 
Interest Determination Date, as follows, and the resulting percentage will be rounded, if 
necessary, to the fourth decimal place, with 0.00005 being rounded upwards: 
 
 
 
where: 
"d" is the number of calendar days in the relevant Interest Period; 
"d0" is the number of London Banking Days in the relevant Interest Period; 
"i" is a series of whole numbers from one to d0, each representing the relevant London 
Banking Day in chronological order from, and including, the first London Banking Day in the 
relevant Interest Period;

--- Page 256 ---
- 245 - 
 
 
"LBD" means a London Banking Day; 
"ni", for any day "i", means the number of calendar days from and including such day "i" up 
to but excluding the following London Banking Day; and 
"p" means, for any Interest Period, 5 London Banking Days; and 
"SONIAi-pLBD" means, in respect of any London Banking Day falling in the relevant Interest 
Period, SONIA for the London Banking Day falling "p" London Banking Days prior to that 
London Banking Day "i". 
(i) 
Accrued Interest not paid on the Class B Notes on the Payment Date related to the Interest 
Period in which it accrued, will be an "Interest Shortfall" with respect to the Class B Notes 
will be carried over to the next Payment Date. 
8. 
Payment obligations, Agents 
(a) 
On each Payment Date, the Issuer shall, subject to Notes Condition 5(c), pay to each holder 
of a Class B Note interest at the Class B Notes Interest Rate on the Nominal Instrument 
Amount outstanding immediately prior to the relevant Payment Date, and on each Payment 
Date the Class B Note qualifies as an Amortising Instrument, the Junior Instrument 
Amortisation Amount applicable to such Series of Class B Notes in accordance with the 
Order of Priority. The record date shall be the close of the Business Day (in the ICSDs' city) 
prior to the relevant Payment Date. 
(b) 
Sums which are to be paid to holders of a Class B Note shall be rounded down to the nearest 
full penny for each of the Class B Notes. The amount of such rounding down to the nearest 
full penny amount shall be used on the next following Payment Date and any surplus carried 
over to the following Payment Date. The Servicer shall be entitled to retain any amount less 
than GBP 500 remaining on the Final Maturity Date (as defined below). 
(c) 
Payments of principal and interest, if any, on the Class B Notes shall be made by the 
Principal Paying Agent on the Issuer's behalf for further payment to Clearstream, 
Luxembourg and Euroclear or to their order for credit to the relevant account holders of 
Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg. All payments in respect of any Class B Note made 
by, or on behalf of, the Issuer to, or to their order of Euroclear or Clearstream, Luxembourg 
shall discharge the liability of the Issuer under such Class B Note to the extent of sums so 
paid. 
(d) 
The first Payment Date for the Class B Notes shall be specified in the relevant Final Terms. 
The final payment of the then outstanding principal amount plus interest thereon is expected 
to take place on or before on or before 25 November 2030 (the "Scheduled Repayment 
Date"). 
(e) 
Subject to the occurrence of an Enforcement Event, all payments of interest on and principal 
of the Class B Notes will be due and payable at the latest in full on 25 November 2031 (each 
a "Final Maturity Date").  
(f) 
Provided that the Noteholders have received a notice from the Issuer in accordance with 
Notes Condition 10 substantially in the form set out in Schedule 1 to these Notes Conditions 
no later than one month prior to the then current revolving period expiration date applicable 
to the relevant Series of Notes held by such Noteholder (as specified in the Final Terms or 
as previously extended, the "Instrument Revolving Period Expiration Date"), all of the 
holders of the relevant Series of Class B Notes, acting together collectively, shall have the 
right (but not the obligation) exercisable by written notice to the Principal Paying Agent, the 
Registrar, the Security Trustee and the Issuer (in the form of Schedule 2) to these Notes 
Conditions to be received not later than on the tenth (10th) Business Day immediately 
preceding the then current Instrument Revolving Period Expiration Date to request: 
(i) 
the extension of the Instrument Revolving Period Expiration Date for a period 
specified in the relevant notice;

--- Page 257 ---
- 246 - 
 
 
(ii) 
an amendment to the Junior Instrument Margin; and 
(iii) 
the extension of the Final Maturity Date for a period to be specified in the relevant 
notice. 
(g) 
Any amendments so requested shall become effective only if (A) (i) the Issuer has received 
confirmation from the Rating Agencies that the rating of the Class B Notes (to the extent 
rated) will not be affected by such amendments, or (ii) the Rating Agencies have confirmed 
that the assignment of new ratings are not lower than the rating for the then outstanding 
Class B Notes before the Instrument Revolving Period Expiration Date was extended, or, as 
applicable, the Issuer has received a new rating confirmation stating the same rating as the 
Class B Notes prior to the amendments; and (B) by no later than the third Business Day prior 
to the then current Instrument Revolving Period Expiration Date, the Issuer has confirmed 
by notice to the holders of the Class B Notes in the form prescribed by Notes Condition 10 
that it has received such confirmation and that it agrees to the requested amendments; and 
(C) that the Issuer had arranged sufficient interest hedging for the amended Instrument 
Revolving Period Expiration Date. 
(h) 
The Issuer shall procure that the amendments that have become effective in accordance 
with these provisions will be notified to the Principal Paying Agent for further communication 
to the Common Depositary for Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg immediately after 
the notice from the holders of the Class B Notes specified under (c) in the previous paragraph 
has been given. In case one of the Registered Holder of a Series of Class B Note does 
extend its Instrument Revolving Period Expiration Date, Scheduled Repayment Date and 
Final Maturity Date, the Final Maturity Date for all Class B Notes outstanding will 
automatically be extended by one year in order to align all Final Maturity Dates. 
(i) 
Payments of interest and principal shall be made by the Issuer to the Principal Paying Agent 
for on-payment to Clearstream Luxembourg and/or Euroclear or to their order for credit to 
the accounts of the relevant account holders of Clearstream Luxembourg or, as applicable 
Euroclear. Payment by the Issuer to the Principal Paying Agent may also include payment 
to a substitute or alternative paying agent duly appointed pursuant to Notes Condition 8(j) 
without having to execute an affidavit or fulfil any formalities other than the compliance with 
tax, currency exchange or other regulations of the country where the payment takes place. 
The Issuer is entitled to transfer paid-in amounts to the Account Bank prior to the Payment 
Date and leave with the Account Bank any amounts not claimed by the Noteholders upon 
maturity. 
(j) 
In their capacity as such, the Principal Paying Agent and the Interest Determination Agent, 
respectively, shall act solely as agents of the Issuer and shall not maintain an agency or trust 
relationship with the holders of the Notes. The Issuer may appoint a new principal paying 
agent, calculation agent and/or an interest determination agent, or if there are grounds to do 
so, appoint an alternative principal paying agent and/or an alternative interest determination 
agent and revoke the appointment of the Principal Paying Agent and/or the Interest 
Determination Agent as provided for in clause 10 (General) of the Agency Agreement. 
Appointments and revocations thereof shall be notified to the holders of the Notes pursuant 
to Notes Condition 10. The Issuer will ensure that during the term of the Notes and as long 
as the Notes are listed on the Luxembourg Stock Exchange a paying agent and an interest 
determination agent will be appointed at all times and will be released from the restrictions 
of section 181 of the German Civil Code. 
9. 
Taxes 
Payments shall only be made after the deduction and withholding of current or future taxes, levies or 
government charges, regardless of their nature, which are imposed, raised or collected ("taxes") on 
the basis of the applicable laws of, or for the account of, an authority or government agency 
authorised to levy taxes or of any country which claims fiscal jurisdiction, to the extent that such a 
collection is prescribed by applicable law (or pursuant to FATCA). The Issuer shall render an account 
of the deducted or withheld taxes accruing to the competent government agencies and shall, upon a 
Noteholder's request, provide proof thereof. It is not obliged to pay any additional amounts as a result 
of the deduction or withholding.

--- Page 258 ---
- 247 - 
 
 
10. 
Notices 
Notices to the Noteholders will be validly given if transmitted individually to the address set out in the 
Register for such Noteholder. 
As long as the Global Note is registered in the Name of the Registered Holder notices to Noteholders 
may be validly given if transmitted to Euroclear and Clearstream Luxembourg for further 
communication to the persons shown as holders of the Notes in their records. Any notice so given 
shall be deemed to have been given to all Noteholders on the seventh day after the day on which 
the said notice was given to Euroclear and Clearstream Luxembourg. 
In addition, as long as the Notes are listed on the official list of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange and 
the rules of such exchange so require, all notices to the Noteholders regarding the Notes shall be 
published on the website of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange (www.luxse.com). Any notice referred 
to above shall be deemed to have been given to all Noteholders on the seventh day after the day on 
which the said notice was published on the website of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange 
(www.luxse.com). Should an official listing be absent, then such notices shall be published in the 
German Federal Gazette (Bundesanzeiger).  
Additionally, investor reports with the information set forth in Notes Condition 6 will be made available 
to 
the 
Noteholders 
via 
the 
website 
of 
Volkswagen 
Financial 
Services 
AG 
(https://www.vwfs.com/en/investor-relations.html). The Base Prospectus relating to the Notes 
Conditions will be published on the website of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange (www.luxse.com).  
11. 
Miscellaneous 
(a) 
The form and content of the Class B Notes and all of the rights and obligations of the holders 
of the Class B Notes, the Issuer, the Principal Paying Agent and the Servicer under these 
Class B Notes shall be governed and subject in all respects to the laws of Germany.  
(b) 
Should any of the provisions hereof be or become invalid in whole or in part, the other 
provisions shall remain in force.  
(c) 
The place of performance and venue is Frankfurt am Main. The German courts have 
jurisdiction for the annulment of the Global Note in the event of loss or destruction. 
(d) 
For any legal proceedings brought in connection with these Notes Conditions of the Class B 
Notes which have been initiated against the Issuer in a court of Germany, the Issuer grants 
Intertrust (Deutschland) GmbH, Eschersheimer Landstraße 14, 60322 Frankfurt am Main, 
Germany the authority to accept service of process. The Issuer undertakes to maintain an 
agent for accepting such service in the Federal Republic of Germany as long as any of the 
Notes are outstanding. 
12. 
Amendments to the Conditions and Benchmark Rate Modification 
(a) 
Save for purposes of complying with the EU Securitisation Regulation and the UK 
Securitisation Regulation in accordance with Notes Condition 12(b) or in respect of a 
Benchmark Rate Modification undertaken in accordance with Notes Condition 12(c) below, 
the Notes Conditions may only be modified through contractual agreement to be concluded 
between the Issuer and all Noteholders of each Series of Class B Notes as provided for in 
Sec. 4 of the German Debenture Act (Gesetz über Schuldverschreibungen aus 
Gesamtemissionen (Schuldverschreibungsgesetz - SchVG)) with a prior notification to the 
Rating Agencies (to the extent such Series of Class B Notes is rated) or by a Noteholder's 
resolution adopted with unanimous consent of the Noteholders of such Series of Class B 
Notes pursuant to Sections 5 to 22 of the aforementioned act. 
(b) 
Subject to giving ten (10) Business Days prior notice to the Noteholders, the Lenders and 
the Rating Agencies, by publishing such notice with the Luxembourg Stock Exchange 
(www.luxse.com), the Issuer will be entitled to amend any term or provision of the Notes 
Conditions with the consent of the Security Trustee, but without the consent of any 
Noteholder, any Lender, any Swap Counterparty, the Subordinated Lender, the Arranger, 
the Lead Manager or any other Person if it is advised by a third party authorised under Article 
28 of the UK Securitisation Regulation or a reputable international law firm that such 
amendments are required for the Transaction to comply with the EU Securitisation

--- Page 259 ---
- 248 - 
 
 
Regulation or the UK Securitisation Regulation, as applicable, or any regulatory and/or 
implementing technical standards adopted under the EU Securitisation Regulation or any 
directions, secondary legislation, guidance, regulatory technical standards, implementing 
technical standards and related documents published by the FCA and the PRA of the United 
Kingdom under the UK Securitisation Regulation. Insofar as such amendments relate to the 
originator or Seller, any amendments in order to comply with the EU Securitisation 
Regulation shall not result in any non-compliance with the UK Securitisation Regulation and 
insofar as such amendments relate to the Issuer, any amendments in order to comply with 
the UK Securitisation Regulation shall not result in any non-compliance with the EU 
Securitisation Regulation.  
(c) 
The Servicer, on behalf of the Issuer, has the right to amend these Notes Conditions and 
any Transaction Document for the purpose of changing the benchmark rate in respect of the 
Notes from Compounded Daily SONIA to an alternative benchmark rate (any such rate, an 
"Alternative Benchmark Rate") (which rate shall apply for the purposes of determining the 
floating amount payable by the floating rate payer in respect of the Swap Agreements without 
a requirement for the consent of the relevant Swap Counterparty to such change in the 
benchmark rate) and making such other related or consequential amendments to the 
Transaction Documents as are necessary or advisable in the reasonable judgment of the 
Issuer to facilitate the changes envisaged pursuant to this Notes Condition 12 (a 
"Benchmark Rate Modification"), provided that in relation to any amendment under this 
Notes Condition 12 the Servicer, on behalf of the Issuer, certifies to the Security Trustee in 
writing, including by e-mail, (such certificate, a "Benchmark Rate Modification Certificate") 
that: 
(i) 
the Issuer has provided at least 30 days' notice to the Noteholders and Lenders of 
each Junior Instrument of the proposed modification in accordance with Notes 
Condition 10 (Notices) and Loan Condition 9 (Notices), as applicable, and the 
Noteholders and Lenders representing at least 10 per cent. of the aggregate 
outstanding principal amount of the Junior Instruments then outstanding have not 
contacted the Security Trustee in writing (or otherwise in accordance with the then 
current practice of any applicable clearing system through which Notes may be held) 
within such notification period notifying the Security Trustee that such Noteholders 
do not consent to the modification; 
(ii) 
the Issuer has provided the Transaction Creditors (including the Swap 
Counterparties) with at least 30 days' notice of the proposed modifications: 
(1) 
to the Alternative Benchmark Rate which shall apply in respect of the 
Conditions and the Swap Agreements for the purposes of determining the 
floating amount payable by the floating rate payer in respect of the Swap 
Agreements without a requirement for the consent of the relevant Swap 
Counterparty to such change in the benchmark rate; and 
(2) 
to such other related or consequential amendments to the Transaction 
Documents (including, if applicable, the Swap Agreements) as are 
necessary or advisable in the reasonable judgment of the Issuer to facilitate 
the Benchmark Rate Modification and the Issuer has obtained the consent 
of any other Transaction Creditors which are not Noteholders and Lenders 
in accordance with the provisions of the Incorporated Terms Memorandum; 
(iii) 
the Seller pays all fees, costs and expenses incurred by the Issuer and the Security 
Trustee in connection with such Benchmark Rate Modification; 
(iv) 
such Benchmark Rate Modification is being undertaken by the Servicer, on behalf 
of the Issuer, due to: 
(1) 
a material disruption to SONIA, a material adverse change in the 
methodology of calculating SONIA or SONIA ceasing to exist or be 
published or the administrator of SONIA having used a fallback 
methodology for calculating SONIA for a period of at least 30 calendar 
days;

--- Page 260 ---
- 249 - 
 
 
(2) 
the insolvency or cessation of business of the SONIA administrator (in 
circumstances where no successor SONIA administrator has been 
appointed); 
(3) 
a public statement or the publication of information by or on behalf of the 
SONIA administrator announcing that it has ceased or will cease to provide 
SONIA permanently or indefinitely, provided that, at the time of the 
statement or publication, there is no successor administrator that will 
continue to provide SONIA with effect from a date no later than 6 months 
after the proposed effective date of such Benchmark Rate Modification; 
(4) 
a public statement or publication of information by the regulatory supervisor 
of the SONIA administrator, the Bank of England, the Financial Conduct 
Authority or the Prudential Regulation Authority, an insolvency official with 
jurisdiction over the SONIA administrator, or a court or entity with similar 
insolvency or resolution authority over the SONIA administrator, which 
states that the SONIA administrator has ceased or will cease to provide 
SONIA permanently or indefinitely, provided that, at the time of the 
statement or publication, there is no successor administrator that will 
continue to provide SONIA with effect from a date no later than 6 months 
after the proposed effective date of such Benchmark Rate Modification;  
(5) 
a public statement or publication of information by the regulatory supervisor 
of the SONIA administrator, the Bank of England, the Financial Conduct 
Authority or the Prudential Regulation Authority that means SONIA may no 
longer be used or that its use is or will be subject to restrictions or adverse 
consequences from a date no later than 6 months after the proposed 
effective date of such Benchmark Rate Modification; 
(6) 
a change in generally accepted market practice in the asset backed floating 
rate instruments market to refer to a benchmark rate endorsed in a public 
statement by the Bank of England, the Financial Conduct Authority or the 
Prudential Regulation Authority or any relevant committee or other body 
established, sponsored or approved by any of the foregoing, including the 
Working Group on Sterling Risk-Free Rates, despite the continued 
existence of SONIA;  
(7) 
it becomes unlawful for the Principal Paying Agent, the Issuer or the Interest 
Determination Agent to calculate any payments to be made to any 
Noteholder using SONIA;  
(8) 
the reasonable expectation of the Servicer that any of the events specified 
in sub-paragraphs (1), (2) or (7) above will occur or exist within six months 
of the proposed effective date of such Benchmark Rate Modification;  
(9) 
an alternative manner of calculating a SONIA-based rate being introduced 
and becoming a standard means of calculating interest in the asset backed 
floating rate instruments market; 
(10) 
a Benchmark Rate Modification is being proposed pursuant to Notes 
Condition 12(h), and 
(v) 
such Alternative Benchmark Rate is:  
(1) 
a benchmark rate published, endorsed, approved or recognised by the 
Bank of England, the Financial Conduct Authority or Prudential Regulation 
Authority or any relevant committee or other body established, sponsored 
or approved by any of the foregoing, including the Working Group on 
Sterling Risk-Free Reference Rates (which, for the avoidance of doubt, 
may be an alternative benchmark rate together with a specified adjustment 
factor which may increase or decrease the relevant Alternative Benchmark 
Rate);

--- Page 261 ---
- 250 - 
 
 
(2) 
a benchmark rate utilised in a material number of new issues of Sterling 
denominated asset backed floating rate notes instruments prior to the 
effective date of such Benchmark Rate Modification; 
(3) 
a benchmark rate utilised in a new issue of Sterling denominated asset 
backed floating rate instruments where the originator of the relevant assets 
is an Affiliate of VWFS; or 
(4) 
such other benchmark rate as the Servicer reasonably determines provided 
that this option may only be used if the Servicer certifies to the Security 
Trustee that, in the reasonable opinion of the Servicer, conditions 
12(c)(v)(1) to (3) are not applicable and/or practicable in the context of the 
Transaction, and sets out the rationale in the Benchmark Rate Modification 
Certificate for choosing the Alternative Benchmark Rate; 
(d) 
The Servicer on the Issuer’s behalf, shall (i) provide the Security Trustee with an initial draft 
of the Benchmark Rate Modification Certificate at least 30 calendar days prior to the date on 
which it is proposed that the Benchmark Rate Modification would take effect and (ii) provide 
the Security Trustee with a signed copy of the final Benchmark Rate Modification Certificate 
on the date on which the Benchmark Rate Modification shall take effect (the "Benchmark 
Rate Modification Effective Date"). 
(e) 
The Servicer, on behalf of the Issuer, shall provide at least 30 days' notice to the Noteholders 
and Lenders of each Junior Instrument of the proposed modification in accordance with 
Notes Condition 10 (Notices) and Loan Condition 9 (Notices), as applicable (the 
"Benchmark Rate Modification Notice"). The Benchmark Rate Modification Notice shall 
include the following: 
(i) 
details of how the Noteholders and Lenders representing at least 10 per cent. of the 
Instrument Principal Amount Outstanding of the Junior Instruments then 
outstanding may object to the proposed Benchmark Rate Modification; 
(ii) 
confirmation of the sub-paragraph(s) of Condition 12(c)(iv) under which the 
Benchmark Rate Modification is being proposed; 
(iii) 
confirmation of the Alternative Benchmark Rate and where Condition 12(c)(v)(4) is 
being applied, the rationale for choosing the proposed Alternative Benchmark Rate; 
(iv) 
details of any consequential modifications that the Issuer has agreed will be made 
to the Swap Agreements to which it is a party (if any) for the purpose of aligning the 
Swap Agreements with the proposed Benchmark Rate Modification, if the proposed 
Benchmark Rate Modification takes effect;  
(v) 
confirmation that either: 
(1) 
the Servicer, on behalf of the Issuer, has obtained from each of the Rating 
Agencies written confirmation (or certifies in the Benchmark Rate 
Modification Certificate that it has been unable to obtain written 
confirmation, but has received oral confirmation from an appropriately 
authorised person at each of the Rating Agencies) that the proposed 
Benchmark Rate Modification would not result in (x) a downgrade, 
withdrawal or suspension of the then current ratings assigned to the 
relevant Junior Instrument by any Rating Agency and would not result in 
any Rating Agency or (y) placing any Junior Instrument on rating watch 
negative (or equivalent) and, if relevant, delivers a copy of each such 
confirmation to the Issuer and the Security Trustee with the Benchmark 
Rate Modification Certificate; or 
(2) 
the Servicer on behalf of the Issuer certifies to the Security Trustee in the 
Benchmark Rate Modification Certificate that the Rating Agencies have 
been informed of the proposed modification and neither of the Rating 
Agencies has indicated that such modification would result in (x) a

--- Page 262 ---
- 251 - 
 
 
downgrade, withdrawal or suspension of the then current ratings assigned 
to the Junior Instruments by such Rating Agency or (y) such Rating Agency 
placing any Junior Instrument on rating watch negative (or equivalent). 
(f) 
If the Noteholders and Lenders representing at least 10 per cent. of the Instrument Principal 
Amount Outstanding of the Junior Instruments then outstanding have notified the Issuer in 
writing (or otherwise in accordance with the then current practice of any applicable Clearing 
System through which Notes may be held) within the notification period referred to above 
that such Noteholders and Lenders do not consent to the Benchmark Rate Modification, then 
such Benchmark Rate Modification will not be made in respect of each Junior Instrument 
unless Noteholders of such Series of Class B Notes and Lenders of such Junior 
Schuldschein Loan unanimously consent in favour of the Benchmark Rate Modification, in 
accordance with Part B of the German Debenture Act. 
(g) 
Other than where specifically provided in this Notes Condition 12 or any Transaction 
Document, when implementing any modification pursuant to this Notes Condition 12, the 
Security Trustee shall not consider the interests of the Noteholders, the Lenders, any other 
Transaction Creditors or any other person and shall act and rely solely and without further 
investigation, on any Benchmark Rate Modification Certificate or evidence provided to it by 
the Servicer on behalf of the Issuer or the relevant Transaction Party, as the case may be, 
pursuant to this Notes Condition 12 and shall not be liable to the Noteholders of the Class B 
Notes, the Lenders of the Junior Schuldschein Loans, any other Transaction Creditor or any 
other person for so acting or relying, irrespective of whether any such modification is or may 
be materially prejudicial to the interests of any such person. 
(h) 
Any Benchmark Rate Modification shall be binding on all the Noteholders and shall be 
notified by the Servicer, on behalf of the Issuer, at least 10 Business Days prior to the 
Benchmark Rate Modification Effective Date to: 
(i) 
so long as any of the Class B Notes rated by the Rating Agencies remains 
outstanding, each Rating Agency; 
(ii) 
the Transaction Creditors (including, for the avoidance of doubt, the Swap 
Counterparties); and 
(iii) 
the Noteholders of the Class B Notes in accordance with Notes Condition 10 
(Notices). 
(i) 
Following the making of a Benchmark Rate Modification, if it becomes generally accepted 
market practice in the asset backed floating rate instruments market to use a benchmark 
rate of interest which is different from the Alternative Benchmark Rate which had already 
been adopted by the Issuer in respect of the Class B Notes pursuant to a Benchmark Rate 
Modification, the Issuer is entitled to propose a further Benchmark Rate Modification 
pursuant to this Notes Condition 12.

--- Page 263 ---
- 252 - 
 
 
 
SCHEDULE 1 
FORM OF NOTICE TO BE DELIVERED BY THE ISSUER TO THE HOLDERS OF THE CLASS 
B NOTES IN ACCORDANCE WITH CONDITION 8(F) 
Notice to the registered holders of the Class B Notes, issued by Driver UK Master S.A. acting for and 
on behalf of its Compartment 7 (the "Class B Notes"), to be given one month prior to the Instrument 
Revolving Period Expiration Date 
Terms not defined herein shall have the meaning given to them in the Notes Conditions. 
Notice is hereby given to the holders of the Class B Notes that they shall have the right exercisable by written 
notice sent to each of the Principal Paying Agent, the Security Trustee, the Registrar and the Issuer to be 
received not later than on the tenth Business Day immediately preceding the current Instrument Revolving 
Period Expiration Date, to request: 
(i) 
an extension of the Instrument Revolving Period Expiration Date for a period to be specified in the 
relevant notice; 
(ii) 
an amendment to the Junior Instrument Margin; and 
(iii) 
an extension of the Final Maturity Date for a period to be specified in the relevant notice. 
Luxembourg, [date] 
Signed by: 
_____________________ 
Driver UK Master S.A. acting for and on behalf of its Compartment 7

--- Page 264 ---
- 253 - 
 
 
 
SCHEDULE 2 
FORM OF NOTICE TO BE DELIVERED BY THE HOLDERS OF EACH SERIES OF CLASS B 
NOTES TO THE PRINCIPAL PAYING AGENT, THE REGISTRAR, THE SECURITY TRUSTEE 
AND THE ISSUER IN ACCORDANCE WITH CONDITION 8(F) 
 
From: 
[Name, address, phone number and fax number of relevant holder] 
To: 
[Issuer] 
[Principal Paying Agent] [Registrar] [Security Trustee] [ Rating Agencies] 
 
GBP Class B Series [⚫] Notes, issued by Driver UK Master S.A. acting for and on behalf of its 
Compartment 7 (the "Notes") 
 
Dear Sirs, 
Terms not defined in herein shall have the meaning given to them in the terms and conditions of the Class B 
Notes. 
Reference is made to Notes Condition 8(f) of the terms and conditions of the above mentioned Class B Notes 
and the notice published on [date]. 
We hereby request: 
(i) 
an extension of the Instrument Revolving Period Expiration Date for a period of [to be inserted] so 
that the extended Instrument Revolving Period Expiration Date shall be [to be inserted]; 
(ii) 
[to be inserted] as amended Margin with effect from (and including) the Payment Date falling in [to 
be inserted]; and 
(iii) 
an extension of the Final Maturity Date for a period equal to the period specified under (i) above so 
that the extended Final Maturity Date shall be [to be inserted]. 
We hereby represent and warrant that: 
(i) 
as of the date of this notice, we hold [to be inserted] per cent of the Notes outstanding on the date of 
this notice; and 
(ii) 
after the date of this notice, we will not sell or transfer or otherwise dispose of any of the Class B 
Notes prior to the 25th Business Day after the date of this notice. 
We hereby acknowledge that the amendments requested above shall become effective only if: (A) the Issuer 
has received confirmation from the Rating Agencies that the rating of the Class B Notes (to the extent rated) 
will not be affected by such amendments, (B) by no later than the third Business Day prior to the then current 
Instrument Revolving Period Expiration Date, the Issuer has confirmed by notice to us (as holders of the Class 
B Notes) in the form prescribed in Notes Condition 10 that it has received such reaffirmation and that it agrees 
to the requested amendments and (C) the Notes have the benefit of an interest rate swap with an Eligible 
Swap Counterparty under which the interest payments due under the relevant Series of Notes are hedged to 
the extended Final Maturity Date of the Notes. 
Kind regards, 
Signed by: 
_____________________ 
[name and signatures of Class B Series [⚫] Noteholder]

--- Page 265 ---
- 254 - 
 
 
FORM OF FINAL TERMS 
UK MIFIR product governance / Professional investors and ECPs only target market - Solely for the 
purposes of each manufacturer’s product approval process, the target market assessment pursuant to the 
FCA Handbook Conduct of Business Sourcebook ("COBS") in respect of the Notes has led to the conclusion 
that: (a) the target market for the Notes is only: (i) eligible counterparties, as defined in COBS; and (ii) 
professional clients, as defined in Regulation (EU) No 600/2014 as it forms part of domestic law of the United 
Kingdom by virtue of the EUWA ("UK MiFIR"); and (b) all channels for distribution of the Notes to eligible 
counterparties and professional clients are appropriate, noting the responsibility of each manufacturer under 
COBS only. Any person subsequently offering, selling or recommending the Notes (a "distributor") should 
take into consideration the manufacturer’s target market assessment; however, a distributor subject to the 
FCA Handbook Product Intervention and Product Governance Sourcebook (the "UK MiFIR Product 
Governance Rules") is responsible for undertaking its own target market assessment in respect of the Notes 
(by either adopting or refining the manufacturer’s target market assessment) and determining appropriate 
distribution channels.  
 
Final Terms 
[Date] 
DRIVER UK MASTER S.A. 
acting for and on behalf of its Compartment 7 
(incorporated with limited liability in Luxembourg with R. C.S. registration number B 162723) 
as Issuer 
for the issuance of the 
GBP [⚫] [Class A/Class B] Series [⚫] Notes 
[(to be consolidated and form a single Series with the GBP [⚫] [Class A/Class B] Series [⚫] Notes already 
outstanding)]. 
issued pursuant to the GBP 7,000,000,000 Programme for the Issuance of Notes 
These Final Terms are issued to give details of an issue of Notes by Driver UK Master S.A. acting for and on 
behalf of its Compartment 7 under the GBP 7,000,000,000 Programme for the Issuance of Notes (the 
"Programme"). The Base Prospectus dated 22 November 2023 [and any supplement dated [⚫] hereto] and 
the Final Terms have been published on the website of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange (www.luxse.com).  
The Final Terms of the [Class A / Class B] Series [⚫] Notes have been prepared for the purpose of Article 8 
of Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 and must be read in conjunction with the Base Prospectus [and any supplement 
dated [⚫] hereto]. Full information on the Issuer and the offer of the Notes is only available on the basis of the 
combination of these Final Terms and the Base Prospectus. Capitalised terms not otherwise defined herein 
shall have the meaning specified in the Conditions of the [Class A / Class B] Notes. All references in these 
Final Terms to numbered Conditions are to be read as reference to the respective Conditions of the [Class A 
/ Class B] Notes. 
1. 
Issue Price: 
[⚫] per cent 
2. 
[Further] Issue Date (Notes Condition 7 (a)): 
[⚫] 
3. 
[Class A/Class B] Series Number: 
[⚫] 
 
Tranche Number: 
[⚫] 
4. 
[Further][Class A/Class B] Series [⚫] Nominal Amount: 
GBP [⚫]

--- Page 266 ---
- 255 - 
 
 
 
[Aggregate nominal amount of [Class A/Class B] Series [⚫] 
Notes (including the Notes subject of these Final Terms):] 
GBP [⚫] 
5. 
[Class A/Class B] Series [⚫] Notes Interest Rate (Notes 
Condition 7(c)): 
[⚫] 
 
Amount on which interest is to be paid on the first Payment 
Date (Notes Condition 8 (a)): 
GBP [⚫] 
 
Margin (Notes Condition 7(c)): 
[⚫] per cent. per annum 
 
First occurring Payment Date with respect to the [Class 
A/Class B] Series [⚫] Notes: 
[⚫] 
 
Instrument Revolving Expiration Date: 
Payment Date falling in [⚫] (or as 
extended in accordance with the Notes 
Condition 8(f))  
6. 
Scheduled Repayment Date (Notes Condition 8(d)):  
Payment Date falling in [⚫] (or as 
extended in accordance with the Notes 
Condition 8(f) as a consequence of the 
extension of the Instrument Revolving 
Period Expiration Date) 
7. 
Final Maturity Date (Notes Condition 8(e)): 
Payment Date falling in [⚫] (or as 
extended in accordance with the Notes 
Condition 8(f) as a consequence of the 
extension of the Instrument Revolving 
Period Expiration Date) 
8. 
Intended to be held in a manner which would allow 
Eurosystem eligibility: 
[Yes/No] 
[Note that the designation "yes" simply 
means that the Notes are intended 
upon issue to be deposited with one of 
the ICSDs registered in the name of a 
nominee of one of the ICSDs acting as 
common safekeeper and does not 
necessarily mean that the Notes will be 
recognised as eligible collateral for 
Eurosystem 
monetary 
policy 
and 
intraday credit operations by the 
Eurosystem either upon issue or at any 
or all times during their life. Such 
recognition will depend upon the ECB 
being 
satisfied 
that 
Eurosystem 
eligibility criteria have been met.] / [No. 
Whilst the designation is specified as 
"no" at the date of these Final Terms, 
should the Eurosystem eligibility criteria 
be amended in the future such that the 
Notes are capable of meeting them the 
Notes may then be deposited with one 
of the ICSDs as common safekeeper 
(and registered in the name of a 
nominee of one of the ICSDs acting as 
common safekeeper). Note that this

--- Page 267 ---
- 256 - 
 
 
does not necessarily mean that the 
Notes will then be recognised as 
eligible 
collateral 
for 
Eurosystem 
monetary policy and intra day credit 
operations by the Eurosystem at any 
time during their life. Such recognition 
will depend upon the ECB being 
satisfied that Eurosystem eligibility 
criteria have been met.] 
9. 
Clearing Codes: 
 
 
- ISIN Code 
[⚫] 
 
- Common Code 
[⚫] 
10. 
Admission to trading: 
Application has been made for the 
[Class A/Class B] Series [⚫] Notes to 
be admitted to trading on the regulated 
market of the Luxembourg Stock 
Exchange with effect from [⚫]. The total 
expenses related to the admission to 
trading will amount to EUR [⚫]. 
11 
Net amount of proceeds 
[GBP [⚫] less the total expenses for 
admission to trading in an amount 
equal to EUR [⚫] (as converted into 
GBP at the contractual exchange rate 
determined by the Account Bank at the 
time 
of 
payment 
of 
such 
expenses)][Not Applicable] 
12 
Ratings 
[⚫][Not Applicable]1 
 
Driver UK Master S.A., acting for and on behalf of its Compartment 7 
 
 
 
[Name & title of signatories] 
 
 
1  
A brief explanation of the meaning of the ratings will be inserted, to the extent rated.

--- Page 268 ---
- 257 - 
 
 
TRUST AGREEMENT 
The following is the text of the material terms of the Trust Agreement between the Issuer acting for and on 
behalf of its Compartment 7, the Seller, the Servicer, the Note Purchasers, the Lenders, the Security Trustee, 
the Subordinated Lender, the Corporate Services Provider, the Swap Counterparties, the Principal Paying 
Agent, the Interest Determination Agent, the Account Bank, the Cash Administrator, the Data Protection 
Trustee, the Registrar and the Arranger. The text is attached to the Notes Conditions as Annex A and 
constitutes an integral part of the Notes Conditions - In case of any overlap or inconsistency in the definition 
of a term or expression in the Trust Agreement and elsewhere in this Base Prospectus, the definition 
contained in the Trust Agreement will prevail.   
1. 
Definitions, Interpretation and Common Terms 
1.1 
Definitions 
(a) 
Unless otherwise defined herein or the context requires otherwise, capitalised terms used in 
this Agreement shall have the meanings ascribed to them in clause 1 of the Master 
Definitions Schedule (the "Master Definitions Schedule") of the Incorporated Terms 
Memorandum dated on or about the date hereof, as amended and restated from time to 
time, and signed by the each of the Transaction Parties for purposes of identification (the 
"Incorporated Terms Memorandum"). The terms of the Incorporated Terms Memorandum 
are hereby expressly incorporated into this Agreement by reference.  
(b) 
In the event of any conflict between the Incorporated Terms Memorandum and this 
Agreement, this Agreement shall prevail. 
1.2 
Interpretation 
Terms in this Agreement, except where otherwise stated or where the context otherwise requires, 
shall be interpreted in the same way as set forth in clause 2 of the Master Definitions Schedule. 
1.3 
Common Terms 
(a) 
Incorporation of Common Terms 
Except as provided below, the Common Terms apply to this Agreement and shall be binding 
on the Transaction Parties to this Agreement as if set out in full in this Agreement. 
(b) 
Common Terms 
In the event of any conflict between the provisions of the Common Terms and the provisions 
of this Agreement, the provisions of this Agreement shall prevail, subject always to 
compliance with clause 10 (Non-Petition and Limited Recourse) of the Common Terms. 
(c) 
Governing law and jurisdiction 
This Agreement and all matters (including non-contractual duties and claims) arising from or 
connected with it shall be governed by German law in accordance with clause 14 (Governing 
Law) of the Common Terms. Clause 15 (Jurisdiction) of the Common Terms applies to this 
Agreement as if set out in full in this Agreement. 
2. 
DUTIES OF THE SECURITY TRUSTEE 
This Agreement establishes the rights and obligations of the Security Trustee to carry out the tasks 
assigned to it in this Agreement. Unless otherwise set forth in this Agreement, the Security Trustee 
is not obliged to supervise the discharge of the payment and other obligations of the Issuer arising 
from the Funding and the Transaction Documents or to carry out duties which are the responsibility 
of the management of the Issuer. 
3. 
POSITION OF THE SECURITY TRUSTEE IN RELATION TO THE TRANSACTION CREDITORS 
3.1 
The Security Trustee carries out the duties specified in this Agreement as a security trustee for the 
benefit of the Transaction Creditors. The Security Trustee shall exercise its respective duties

--- Page 269 ---
- 258 - 
 
 
hereunder with particular regard to the interests of the Transaction Creditors, giving priority to the 
interests of each Transaction Creditor in accordance with the Order of Priority, especially to the 
interests of the Lenders and the Noteholders. If there is a conflict between the interest of the Senior 
Instruments holders and any other Transaction Creditor, the interests of the Senior Instruments 
holders shall prevail. 
3.2 
This Agreement grants all Transaction Creditors the right to demand that the Security Trustee 
performs its duties under clause 2 (Duties of the Security Trustee) and all its other duties hereunder 
in accordance with this Agreement, and therefore this Agreement constitutes in favour of the 
Transaction Creditors that are not (validly) parties to this Agreement a contract for the benefit of a 
third party pursuant to section 328 (echter Vertrag zugunsten Dritter) of the German Civil Code. The 
rights of the Issuer pursuant to clause 4.3 (Position of the Security Trustee in Relation to the Issuer) 
shall not be affected. 
4. 
POSITION OF THE SECURITY TRUSTEE IN RELATION TO THE ISSUER 
4.1 
With respect to the Security, the Security Trustee is legally a secured party (Sicherungsnehmer) in 
relation to the Issuer. Accordingly, to the extent that any rights and claims are assigned by the Issuer 
to the Security Trustee for security purposes in accordance with clause 5 (Assignment for Security 
Purposes), in insolvency proceedings on the Security Trustee's estate, such rights would be 
segregated (Aussonderungsrecht) as assets of the Issuer held in trust. 
4.2 
The Issuer hereby grants the Security Trustee a separate trustee claim (the "Trustee Claim"), 
entitling the Security Trustee to demand from the Issuer: 
(a) 
that any present or future obligation of the Issuer in relation to the Lenders and the 
Noteholders be fulfilled; 
(b) 
that any present or future obligation of the Issuer in relation to a Transaction Creditor of the 
Transaction Documents be fulfilled; and 
(c) 
(if the Issuer is in default in respect of any Secured Obligation(s) and insolvency proceedings 
have not been instituted against the estate of the Security Trustee) that any payment owed 
under the respective Secured Obligation will be made to the Security Trustee for onward 
payment to the Transaction Creditors and discharge the Issuer's obligation accordingly. 
The right of the Issuer to make payments to the respective Transaction Creditor shall remain 
unaffected. The Trustee Claim in whole or in part may be enforced separately from the relevant 
Transaction Creditor's claim related thereto. In the case of a payment pursuant to clause 4.2(c) 
hereof, the Issuer shall have a claim against the Security Trustee for onward payment to the 
respective Transaction Creditors. 
4.3 
The obligations of the Security Trustee under this Agreement are owed exclusively to the Transaction 
Creditors, except for the obligations and declarations of the Security Trustee to the Issuer pursuant 
to clause 4.1, the last sentence of clause 4.2, clause 11, clause 32 and clauses 38 and 39 hereof. 
5. 
ASSIGNMENT FOR SECURITY PURPOSES 
5.1 
The Issuer hereby assigns to the Security Trustee for security purposes (Sicherungsabtretung) all its 
claims and other rights arising from the German Transaction Documents (with the exception of claims 
and other rights arising from this Agreement, but including the rights to unilaterally alter a legal 
relationship (unselbständige Gestaltungsrechte)) and from all present and future German law 
contracts the Issuer has entered into or may enter into in connection with the Schuldschein Loans, 
the Notes, the Subordinated Loan, the Swap Agreements or the Receivables. The Security Trustee 
hereby accepts such assignments. 
5.2 
The assignments for security purposes pursuant to clause 5.1 are subject to the condition precedent 
that the German Transaction Documents (for the avoidance of doubt excluding this Agreement) are 
signed. 
5.3 
If an express or implied current account relationship exists or is later established between the Issuer 
and a third party, the Issuer hereby assigns to the Security Trustee - without prejudice to the

--- Page 270 ---
- 259 - 
 
 
generality of the provisions in clause 5.1 - the right to receive a periodic account statement and the 
right to payment of present or future balances (including a final net balance determined upon the 
institution of any insolvency proceedings according to the Applicable Insolvency Law regarding the 
estate of Driver UK Master S.A.), as well as the right to terminate the current account relationship 
and to the determination and payment of the closing net balance upon termination. 
6. 
PLEDGE 
The Issuer hereby pledges to the Security Trustee all its present and future claims against the 
Security Trustee arising under this Agreement. The Issuer hereby gives notice to the Security Trustee 
of such pledge in accordance with Section 1280 of the German Civil Code (Bürgerliches Gesetzbuch) 
and the Security Trustee hereby confirms the receipt of such notice. 
7. 
SECURITY PURPOSE 
The assignment for security purposes pursuant to clauses 5.1 and 5.2 and the pledge pursuant to 
clause 6 (Pledge) serve to secure the Trustee Claim. In addition, the assignment pursuant to clauses 
5.1 and 5.2 is made for the purpose of securing the rights of the Transaction Creditors against the 
Issuer arising under the Funding and the Transaction Documents and any potential obligations on 
the grounds of any invalidity or unenforceability of any Funding or any Transaction Documents, in 
particular claims on the grounds of unjustified enrichment (ungerechtfertigte Bereicherung). 
8. 
AUTHORITY TO COLLECT; ASSUMPTION OF OBLIGATIONS; FURTHER ASSIGNMENT 
8.1 
The Issuer is authorised to collect, to have collected, to realise and to have realised in the ordinary 
course of its business or otherwise to use, the rights assigned for security purposes pursuant to 
clause 5 (Assignment for Security Purposes) and the rights pledged pursuant to clause 6 (Pledge) 
and to exercise or have exercised the unilateral rights (Gestaltungsrechte) pertaining to such rights 
and the rights and assets assigned for security purposes pursuant to the Deed of Charge and 
Assignment and the Assignation in Security. 
8.2 
The authority provided in clause 8.1 above is deemed to be granted only to the extent that all 
obligations of the Issuer are fulfilled in accordance with the Order of Priority prior to a Foreclosure 
Event. The authority may be revoked by the Security Trustee if this is necessary in the opinion of the 
Security Trustee to avoid endangering the Security or their value. The authority shall automatically 
terminate upon the occurrence of a Foreclosure Event pursuant to clause 17 (Foreclosure on the 
Security; Foreclosure Event) hereof. 
8.3 
The Security Trustee shall, in its relationship to the Issuer and to the Seller, comply with the 
continuing duties of care of the Issuer arising from the Receivables Purchase Agreement and the 
Servicing Agreement (including the treatment of the transfer to the Issuer as an equitable 
assignment). Such continuing duties shall not include, in particular, the payment obligations of the 
Issuer (i) pursuant to clause 3 (Sale of the Initial Receivables) and clause 4 (Sales of Additional 
Receivables) of the Receivables Purchase Agreement, or (ii) as compensation for damages. 
8.4 
 
(a) 
The Security Trustee is authorised to assign the Security assigned in accordance with clause 
5 (Assignment for Security purposes) for security purposes: 
(i) 
in the event the Security Trustee is replaced and all Security is assigned to a new 
security trustee (the "New Security Trustee"); or 
(ii) 
upon occurrence of a Foreclosure Event pursuant to clause 17 (Foreclosure on the 
Security; Foreclosure Event) hereof; or 
(iii) 
as long as Volkswagen Financial Services (UK) Limited is the Servicer, Volkswagen 
Financial Services (UK) Limited has given its consent to such assignment or if it 
unreasonably withholds its consent; such a withholding of consent shall as a rule be 
considered unreasonable if a transfer does not affect the interests of the Seller, the 
Obligors or the Issuer and the Transaction Creditors risk substantial disadvantages 
without such a transfer.

--- Page 271 ---
- 260 - 
 
 
(b) 
In the case of an assignment pursuant to clause 8.4(a)(i) above, the Security Trustee shall 
be obliged to agree with the respective transferee that the transferee shall assume the 
obligations of Security Trustee pursuant to clause 8.3 above. 
9. 
REPRESENTATION OF THE ISSUER 
9.1 
The Issuer represents and warrantes to the Security Trustee that: 
(a) 
the Security granted hereunder has not already been assigned, pledged or otherwise 
encumbered to a third party by the Issuer; and 
(b) 
the Issuer has not established any third-party rights on or in connection with the Security. 
9.2 
The Issuer shall pay damages pursuant to section 280(1) in connection with section 280(3) 
(Schadensersatz statt der Leistung) of the German Civil Code if the legal existence of the Security 
transferred for security purposes in accordance with this Agreement and/or the Deed of Charge and 
Assignment is invalid as a consequence of an action or omission by the Issuer contrary to clause 9.1 
above. 
10. 
REPRESENTATIONS OF THE SECURITY TRUSTEE 
The Security Trustee represents and warrants to the Issuer: 
(a) 
that it is legally competent and in a position to perform the duties assigned to it in this 
Agreement in accordance with the provisions of this Agreement; and 
(b) 
it has and will continue to have its centre of main interests (as that term is used in Article 3(l) 
of the EU Insolvency Regulation) in Germany and has not and will not have an establishment 
(being a place of operations where a company carries out non-transitory economic activity 
within human means and assets and as that term is used in Article 2(10) of the EU Insolvency 
Regulation) outside of Germany. 
11. 
RELEASE OF SECURITY 
11.1 
As soon as the Issuer has fully and finally discharged all obligations secured by this Agreement, the 
Security Trustee shall promptly retransfer or release, as applicable, any remaining Security 
transferred to it under this Agreement and that it still holds at such time to or to the order of the Issuer. 
The Security Trustee undertakes to notify all Transaction Creditors of the full satisfaction of all 
obligations secured hereunder and of the retransfer of the Security. For the purpose of release, the 
Security Trustee may rely on evidence which shows that all moneys necessary for the satisfaction of 
the obligations secured by this Agreement have been transferred to the Principal Paying Agent who 
then forwarded the proceeds. A confirmation of the Principal Paying Agent will be sufficient evidence 
for the purpose of the preceding sentence. 
11.2 
Subject to the provisions in the Transaction Documents, as soon as the Security has been released, 
the Transaction and all Transaction Documents shall automatically terminate. 
12. 
ACCEPTANCE, SAFEKEEPING AND REVIEW OF DOCUMENTS; NOTIFICATION OF THE ISSUER 
12.1 
The Security Trustee shall accept the documents which are delivered to it in connection with the 
reporting of the Seller pursuant to clause 3 (Sale of the Initial Receivables), clause 4 (Sales of 
Additional Receivables) and clause 10 (Repurchase) of the Receivables Purchase Agreement and 
paragraph 2.20 (Reporting duties) of Schedule 1 (Services to be provided by the Servicer) of the 
Servicing Agreement and shall: 
(a) 
keep such documents for one year after the termination of this Agreement and, at the 
discretion of the Issuer, thereafter either destroy such documents or deliver the same to the 
Issuer or to the Seller; or 
(b) 
forward the documents to the New Security Trustee if the Security Trustee is replaced in 
accordance with clauses 30 (Termination by the Security Trustee for Good Cause) through 
32 (Transfer of Security; Costs; Publication) of this Agreement.

--- Page 272 ---
- 261 - 
 
 
12.2 
The Security Trustee shall to a reasonable extent check the conformity of the documents provided 
to it in accordance with paragraph 2.20 (Reporting Duties and duties under the Swap Agreements) 
of Schedule 1 (Services to be provided by the Servicer) of the Servicing Agreement without being 
obliged to recalculate the figures. If this does not reveal any indication of a breach of duties or any 
risk for the Security, the Security Trustee is not obliged to examine such documents any further. If, 
on the basis of such checks, the Security Trustee comes to the conclusion that a Transaction Creditor 
is not properly fulfilling its obligations under a Transaction Document, the Security Trustee shall 
promptly inform the directors of the Issuer thereof. The right of the Security Trustee to obtain 
additional information from the Seller shall not be affected hereby. 
13. 
ACCOUNTS 
13.1 
The terms of the Accounts are set out in the Account Agreement. Should the Account Bank cease to 
have the Account Bank Required Rating or fail to maintain an Account Bank Required Guarantee, 
the Account Bank shall use all endeavours within its control during the remedy period as specified 
by the relevant Rating Agency which is sixty (60) calendar days to assist the Issuer to, and the Issuer 
shall: (i) transfer the Accounts held with it to an Eligible Collateral Bank or (ii) find an irrevocable and 
unconditional guarantor providing the Account Bank Required Guarantee. If within this remedy period 
none of the measures set out under (i) through (ii) above is taken, the Issuer shall terminate the 
Account Agreement, provided that such termination shall not take effect until the transition of the 
Issuer's banking arrangements has been completed. The outgoing Account Bank shall, in case of a 
termination, reimburse (on a pro rata basis) to the Issuer any up-front fees paid by the Issuer for 
periods after the date on which the substitution of the Account Bank is taking effect. In case of a 
termination as a result of the Account Bank failing to maintain an Account Bank Required Guarantee 
or if its short-term or long-term ratings fall below the Account Bank Required Rating, the outgoing 
Account Bank shall reimburse the Issuer for the costs (including legal costs and administration costs) 
or pay any costs incurred for the purpose of appointing a Successor Bank up to an amount of GBP 
15,000 (the "Account Bank Replacement Costs"). For the avoidance of doubt, such Account Bank 
Replacement Costs shall cover any and all replacement costs incurred in respect of a replacement 
of The Bank of New York Mellon, London Branch as Account Bank.  
13.2 
Should one of the Accounts be terminated either by the Account Bank or by the Issuer, the Issuer 
shall promptly inform the Security Trustee of such termination. The Issuer shall, together with the 
Security Trustee, open an account, on conditions as close as possible to those previously received 
with the Successor Bank, which has at least the Account Bank Required Ratings or has an Account 
Bank Required Guarantee. The Issuer shall conclude a new Account Agreement with the Successor 
Bank as counterparty, and with the consent of the Security Trustee the new Account Agreement shall 
include a provision in which the Successor Bank undertakes to promptly notify the other contract 
parties of any downgrade in its rating. 
13.3 
Should one of the Accounts be opened with a Successor Bank, and the Issuer or the Security Trustee 
receives a notice pursuant to clause 13.1 above, then within sixty (60) calendar days after the 
Account Bank ceases to have the Account Bank Required Rating or fails to maintain an Account 
Bank Required Guarantee, the Security Trustee shall open the relevant Issuer account with another 
Successor Bank in accordance with the procedure laid out in clause 13.2 above on behalf of the 
Issuer and terminate the relevant Issuer account with the previous Successor Bank. 
14. 
ACTIONS OF THE ISSUER REQUIRING CONSENT 
If the Issuer requests that the Security Trustee grant its consent as required pursuant to clause 37 
(Negative Undertakings), the Security Trustee may grant or withhold the requested consent at its 
discretion, taking into account the reasonable interests of the Transaction Creditors in accordance 
with clause 3.1 hereof.  
15. 
BREACH OF OBLIGATIONS BY THE ISSUER 
15.1 
If the Security Trustee in the course of its activities becomes aware that the existence or the value of 
the Security, in its sole professional judgment, is at risk due to any failure of the Issuer to properly 
comply with its obligations under this Agreement, the Security Trustee shall, subject to the provisions 
in clause 15.2 below, deliver a notice to the Issuer in reasonable detail of such failure (with a copy to 
the Servicer) and, if the Issuer does not remedy such failure within 90 days after the delivery of such

--- Page 273 ---
- 262 - 
 
 
notice, the Security Trustee shall at its discretion, unless otherwise instructed by all Noteholders and 
Lenders (but excluding any Noteholder or Lender, which is VW Bank or any of its Affiliates), take or 
induce all actions which in the opinion of the Security Trustee are warranted to avoid such threat. To 
the extent that the Issuer does not comply with its obligations pursuant to clause 35 (Undertakings 
of the Issuer in Respect of the Security) hereof in respect of the Security and does not remedy such 
failure within the ninety (90) day period after the notice set forth above, the Security Trustee is in 
particular authorised and obliged to exercise all rights arising under the Transaction Documents on 
behalf of the Issuer. 
15.2 
The Security Trustee shall only intervene in accordance with clause 15.1 above if and to the extent 
that it is assured that it will be indemnified to its satisfaction, at its discretion either by reimbursement 
of costs or in any other way it deems appropriate, against all costs and expenses resulting from its 
activities (including fees for retaining counsel, banks, auditors, or other experts as well as the 
expenses for retaining third parties to perform certain duties) and against all liability, obligations, and 
attempts to bring any action in or out of court. Clause 33 (Standard of Care) of this Agreement shall 
not be affected hereby. 
16. 
POWER OF ATTORNEY 
The Issuer hereby grants by way of security power of attorney to the Security Trustee, waiving, to 
the extent legally possible, the restrictions set forth in section 181 of the German Civil Code, and with 
the right to grant substitute power of attorney, to act in the name of the Issuer with respect to all rights 
of the Issuer arising under the Transaction Documents (except for the rights vis-à-vis the Security 
Trustee). Such power of attorney is irrevocable. It shall expire as soon as a New Security Trustee 
has been appointed pursuant to clauses 30 (Termination by the Security Trustee for Good Cause) 
through 32 (Transfer of Security; Costs; Publication) of this Agreement and the Issuer has issued a 
power of attorney to such New Security Trustee having the same contents as the above power of 
attorney. The Security Trustee shall only act under this power of attorney in the context of its rights 
and obligations pursuant to this Agreement. 
17. 
FORECLOSURE ON THE SECURITY; FORECLOSURE EVENT 
17.1 
The Security shall be subject to foreclosure upon the occurrence of a Foreclosure Event. A 
Foreclosure Event shall occur when: 
(a) 
with respect to the Issuer an Insolvency Event occurs; 
(b) 
the Issuer defaults in the payment of any interest on the most senior Instrument then 
outstanding when the same becomes due and payable, and such default continues for a 
period of five (5) Business Days; or 
(c) 
the Issuer defaults in the payment of principal of any Instrument on the Final Maturity Date. 
It is understood that the interest and principal on the Subordinated Loan and on the Instruments 
(other than interest on the most senior Instruments then outstanding) will not be due and payable on 
any Payment Date (other than the Final Maturity Date) except to the extent there are sufficient funds 
in the Available Distribution Amount to pay such amounts in accordance with the Order of Priority. 
The Security Trustee shall promptly and without undue delay give an Enforcement Notice to the 
Lenders, the Noteholders and the Subordinated Lender and notify the Rating Agencies of the 
occurrence of a Foreclosure Event. 
17.2 
After the occurrence of a Foreclosure Event, the Security Trustee will at its reasonable discretion 
foreclose or cause foreclosure on the Security, provided that Security granted under the Deed of 
Charge and Assignment shall be subject to enforcement in accordance with the provisions therein. 
Unless compelling grounds to the contrary exist, the foreclosure shall be performed by collecting 
payments made into the Accounts on the Security or, inter alia, by assignment pursuant to clause 
8.4(a) (Authority to Collect; Assumption of Obligations; Further Assignment). The provisions of the 
Corporate Services Agreement shall be unaffected by the foreclosure of the Security (subject to the 
provisions of clause 8.4 (Authority to Collect; Assumption of Obligations; Further Assignment) 
hereof).

--- Page 274 ---
- 263 - 
 
 
17.3 
Within fifteen (15) days after the occurrence of a Foreclosure Event, the Security Trustee shall give 
notice to the Lenders, the Noteholders, the Swap Counterparties and the Subordinated Lender, 
specifying the manner in which it intends to foreclose and enforce on the Security, in particular, 
whether it intends to sell the Security, and apply the proceeds from such foreclosure to satisfy the 
obligations of the Issuer, subject to the Order of Priority set out in clause 21 hereof. If, within sixty 
(60) days after the publication of such notice, the Security Trustee receives written notice from a 
Lender or Lenders or a Norteholder or Noteholders together representing more than 50 per cent of 
the aggregate outstanding principal amount of the Senior Instruments, or, provided that no Senior 
Instruments are outstanding, the Junior Instruments, objecting to the action proposed in the Security 
Trustee's notice, the Security Trustee shall not undertake such action (other than the collection of 
payments on the accounts for the Security). For the avoidance of doubt, upon the occurrence of an 
Enforcement Event, the Security Trustee is not automatically required to liquidate the Purchased 
Receivables at market value. 
18. 
PAYMENTS UPON OCCURRENCE OF A FORECLOSURE EVENT 
18.1 
Upon the occurrence of a Foreclosure Event, the Security may be claimed exclusively by the Security 
Trustee. Payments on such Security thereafter will have effect only if made to the Security Trustee.  
18.2 
After the occurrence of the Foreclosure Event, payments on the obligations of the Issuer may not be 
made as long as, in the opinion of the Security Trustee, such payment will jeopardise the fulfilment 
of any later maturing obligation of the Issuer with higher rank in accordance with the Order of Priority. 
18.3 
In the case of payments on the Instruments or the Subordinated Loan, the Security Trustee shall 
provide the Lenders, the Noteholders and the Subordinated Lender with advance notice of the 
Payment Date pursuant to the Conditions or the Subordinated Loan Agreement. In the case of such 
payment to the Lenders and/or the Noteholders (as the case may be), the Security Trustee is only 
responsible for making the relevant amount available to the Principal Paying Agent.  
18.4 
After all Secured Obligations have been fulfilled, the Security Trustee shall release any remaining 
Security and pay out any remaining amounts to the Issuer. 
19. 
CONTINUING DUTIES 
Clauses 12 (Acceptance, Safekeeping, and Review of Documents; Notification of the Issuer) through 
15 (Breach of Obligations by the Issuer) of this Agreement shall continue to apply after a Foreclosure 
Event has occurred. 
20. 
DISTRIBUTION ACCOUNT; ACCUMULATION ACCOUNT; COUNTERPARTY DOWNGRADE COLLATERAL 
ACCOUNT; SWAP PROVISIONS 
20.1 
The Distribution Account shall be used for the fulfilment of the payment obligations of the Issuer.  
20.2 
The Issuer shall ensure that all payments made to the Issuer (other than the collateral under the 
Swap Agreements and Swap Termination Payments which shall be deposited in accordance with 
clauses 20.6 and 20.8 below) shall be made by way of a bank transfer to or deposit or in any other 
way into the Distribution Account. 
20.3 
The Issuer has entered into the Swap Agreement, to hedge the floating rate interest exposure on the 
Instruments. The Issuer may, from time to time, enter into one or more replacement Swap 
Agreements with one or more replacement Swap Counterparty in the event that a Swap Agreement 
is terminated prior to its scheduled expiration pursuant to an "event of default" where the Swap 
Counterparty is the Defaulting Party (as defined in the relevant Swap Agreement) or "termination 
event" under the Swap Agreement. The replacement Swap Agreement will have initial notional 
amounts equal to the aggregate principal amounts of the relevant Instrument on the Issue Date. The 
notional amount of each Swap Agreement will decrease by the amount of any principal payments on 
the relevant Instrument. 
20.4 
In the event that a Swap Counterparty is required to collateralise its obligations pursuant to the terms 
of the applicable Swap Agreement, the Counterparty Downgrade Collateral Account Bank shall, upon 
request by the Issuer, open the Counterparty Downgrade Collateral Account within ten (10) Business 
Days and such amounts will be held in the Counterparty Downgrade Collateral Account for such

--- Page 275 ---
- 264 - 
 
 
Swap Agreement and any securities deposited therein will be held by the Security Trustee on trust 
for the relevant Swap Counterparty and the Security Trustee will invest any cash amounts in 
accordance with the provisions of the respective Swap Agreement. Each Counterparty Downgrade 
Collateral Account shall be separate from the Distribution Account and from the general cash flow of 
the Issuer. Collateral deposited in such Counterparty Downgrade Collateral Account shall not 
constitute Available Distribution Amounts. Amounts standing to the credit of each Counterparty 
Downgrade Collateral Account (or securities deposited therein) shall secure solely the payment 
obligations of the Swap Counterparty to the Issuer under the applicable Swap Agreement. The 
amounts in each Counterparty Downgrade Collateral Account will be applied in or towards 
satisfaction of the Swap Counterparty's obligations to the Issuer upon termination of the respective 
Swap Agreement. Any Excess Swap Collateral owing to the relevant Swap Counterparty pursuant to 
the relevant Swap Agreement shall not be available to Transaction Creditors and shall be returned 
to such Swap Counterparty outside of the Order of Priority. Any Swap Tax Credits will be applied to 
the Swap Counterparty outside of the Order of Priority. Following the establishment of the 
Counterparty Downgrade Collateral Account for a Swap Agreement, the relevant Swap Counterparty 
shall bear any costs and expenses in connection with the Counterparty Downgrade Collateral 
Account. If the Issuer incurs any liabilities, or commercially reasonable costs or expenses in 
connection with the Counterparty Downgrade Collateral Account, the Swap Counterparty shall 
reimburse the Issuer immediately upon request from the Issuer. 
20.5 
The Servicer shall calculate and provide, by delivery of the Servicer Report, written notification to a 
Swap Counterparty and to the Security Trustee of the notional amount of each Swap Agreement as 
of each Payment Date on or before the Servicer Report Performance Date in the month of the related 
Payment Date. The Interest Determination Agent shall provide the Servicer with the calculation of 
Compounded Daily SONIA in accordance with the Agency Agreement. The Servicer shall provide 
the calculation of Compounded Daily SONIA to the Security Trustee under this Agreement and shall 
forward the amounts calculated by the calculation agent under each Swap Agreement in respect of 
all payments due under such Swap Agreement on each Payment Date, including Net Swap Receipts 
and Swap Termination Payments, payable in accordance with clause 21 below (Order of Priority), 
and shall provide written notification of such amounts to the Swap Counterparty and to the Security 
Trustee prior to such Payment Date. The parties hereto hereby acknowledge that with respect to the 
obligations under each Swap Agreement of the parties thereto, all calculations shall be performed by 
the calculation agent as appointed under the relevant Swap Agreement. 
20.6 
In the event of any early termination of the transaction under any Swap Agreement any Swap 
Termination Payments received by the Issuer or the Security Trustee on behalf of the Issuer from the 
related Swap Counterparty will be remitted to such Counterparty Downgrade Collateral Account. 
20.7 
The Issuer shall promptly, following the early termination of the Swap Agreement due to an "event of 
default" or "termination event" (each as defined in the applicable Swap Agreement) and in 
accordance with the terms of the Swap Agreement, enter into a replacement Swap Agreement with 
an Eligible Swap Counterparty to the extent possible and practicable through application of amounts 
in the Counterparty Downgrade Collateral Account (after returning any Excess Swap Collateral to the 
Swap Counterparty). 
20.8 
Subject to clause 20.11, on each Payment Date following the termination of a Swap Agreement, 
funds standing to the credit of the Counterparty Downgrade Collateral Account (after returning any 
Excess Swap Collateral to the Swap Counterparty) shall be used to cover any shortfalls in the 
amounts payable under items first through tenth according to the Order of Priority set out in clause 
21.3 (Order of Priority) or items first through ninth in the Order of Priority set out in clause 21.5 (Order 
of Priority), as applicable, provided that in no event will the amount withdrawn from the Counterparty 
Downgrade Collateral Account for such purpose exceed the amount of Net Swap Receipts that would 
have been required to be paid to the Issuer on such Payment Date under the terminated Swap 
Agreement had there been no termination of such Swap Agreement. 
20.9 
Any Swap Replacement Proceeds which are received by the Issuer or the Security Trustee on behalf 
of the Issuer from a replacement Swap Counterparty will be remitted directly to the Counterparty 
Downgrade Collateral Account. Such Swap Replacement Proceeds shall be applied in payment of 
any Swap Termination Payments to the Swap Counterparty under the initial Swap Agreement outside 
the Order of Priority. If Swap Replacement Proceeds are insufficient to pay the Swap Termination 
Payment due to the initial Swap Counterparty, any shortfall shall be paid in accordance with the Order

--- Page 276 ---
- 265 - 
 
 
of Priority. If Swap Replacement Proceeds exceed the Swap Termination Payment due to the initial 
Swap Counterparty, any excess shall be treated as part of the Available Distribution Amount. 
20.10 
Upon payment of all amounts payable under the Instruments the sums remaining in the Counterparty 
Downgrade Collateral Account shall be paid according to the following order of priority: 
(a) 
first, to the Subordinated Lender amounts payable in respect of accrued and unpaid interest 
on the Subordinated Loan (including, without limitation, overdue interest); 
(b) 
second, to the Subordinated Lender, until the aggregate principal amount of the 
Subordinated Loan has been reduced to zero; and 
(c) 
third, to pay all remaining excess to VWFS by way of a final success fee. 
20.11 
The Issuer will on the date of this Agreement establish at the Account Bank the Accumulation Account 
to collect during the Revolving Period payments as set forth in the ninth and tenth items, of the Order 
of Priority according to clause 21.3. During the Revolving Period, amounts on deposit in the 
Accumulation Account shall be used by the Issuer for the purchase of Additional Receivables from 
the Seller according to the terms for the purchase of Additional Receivables as set forth in clause 4 
(Sales of Additional Receivables) of the Receivables Purchase Agreement. Upon the occurrence of 
an Early Amortisation Event, an Enforcement Event or the end of the Revolving Period, the 
Accumulation Account shall be closed on the subsequent Payment Date and any amounts on deposit 
in the Accumulation Accounts shall be transferred on the subsequent Payment Date to the 
Distribution Account.  
21. 
ORDER OF PRIORITY 
21.1 
Prior to the full and unconditional discharge of all obligations of the Issuer to the Transaction 
Creditors, any credit in the Distribution Account and the Cash Collateral Account shall be allocated 
exclusively in accordance with clauses 21.2 to 21.6 below and clause 22 (Cash Collateral Account). 
21.2 
Interest accruing on the Distribution Account and the Accumulation Account shall form part of the 
Available Distribution Amount. Interest accruing on the Counterparty Downgrade Collateral Account 
(other than amounts payable under clause 20.9 and clause 20.10 (Distribution Account; 
Accumulation Account; Counterparty Downgrade Collateral Account; Swap Provisions)) and the 
Cash Collateral Account will not form part of the Available Distribution Amount. Such accrued interest 
and earned income will be retained on the relevant Account and (i) in the case of the Counterparty 
Downgrade Collateral Accounts, interest accruing in respect of amounts other than Swap 
Termination Payments received by the Issuer, be paid to the Swap Counterparty in accordance with 
the Swap Agreement; (ii) in the case of the Counterparty Downgrade Collateral Account, interest 
accruing in respect of Swap Termination Payments received by the Issuer, be paid to the 
Subordinated Lender and/or VWFS in accordance with the priority of payment set out in clause 20.10 
(Distribution Account; Accumulation Account; Counterparty Downgrade Collateral Account; Swap 
Provisions) unless otherwise specified in this Agreement and (iii) in the case of interest accruing on 
the Cash Collateral Account, form part of the General Cash Collateral Amount and be applied 
accordingly in accordance with clause 22 (Cash Collateral Account) below. 
21.3 
Prior to the occurrence of an Enforcement Event, distributions will be made on each Payment Date 
from the Available Distribution Amount according to the following Order of Priority, provided that any 
distributions arising from a Term Takeout shall not be distributed according to the following Order of 
Priority but shall be distributed as set out in clause 12.1(c) (Sale of Receivables to Other Secured 
Vehicles) of the Receivables Purchase Agreement: 
(a) 
first, amounts due and payable in respect of taxes (if any) by the Issuer (for the avoidance 
of doubt, corporate income taxes payable in respect of the Retained Profit Amount will first 
be paid from the amounts standing to the credit of the Retained Profit Ledger); 
(b) 
second, amounts (excluding any payments under the Trustee Claim) due and payable (i) to 
the Security Trustee under this Agreement or the Deed of Charge and Assignment and (ii) 
pari passu to any successor of the Security Trustee (if applicable) appointed pursuant to

--- Page 277 ---
- 266 - 
 
 
clauses 30 (Termination by the Security Trustee for Good Cause) and 31 (Replacement of 
the Security Trustee) of this Agreement or under any agreement replacing this Agreement; 
(c) 
third, to the Servicer the Servicer Fee; 
(d) 
fourth, of equal rank amounts due and payable (i) to the directors of the Issuer; (ii) to the 
Corporate Services Provider under the Corporate Services Agreement; (iii) to each Agent 
under the Agency Agreement; (iv) to the Account Bank and the Cash Administrator under 
the Account Agreement; (v) to the Rating Agencies the fees for the monitoring of the 
Programme; (vi) to the Lead Manager under the Programme Agreement; (vii) to the Data 
Protection Trustee under the Data Protection Trust Agreement; (viii) to the Issuer in respect 
of other administration costs and expenses of the Issuer, including, without limitation, any 
costs relating to the listing of the Notes on the official list of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange, 
any costs relating to any auditors' fees, any tax filing fees and any annual return or exempt 
company status fees and any Administrator Recovery Incentive; and (ix) to the Issuer the 
Retained Profit Amount to be credited to the Retained Profit Ledger; 
(e) 
fifth, amounts payable by the Issuer to the (respective) Swap Counterparty in respect of any 
Net Swap Payments or any Swap Termination Payments under the Swap Agreements (if 
any and provided that the Swap Counterparty is not the Defaulting Party (as defined in the 
relevant Swap Agreement) and there has been no termination of the transaction under the 
Swap Agreement due to a termination event relating to the Swap Counterparty's 
downgrade); 
(f) 
sixth, on a pro rata and pari passu basis, amounts due and payable in respect of (a) interest 
accrued during the immediately preceding Interest Period on the Senior Instruments plus (b) 
Interest Shortfalls (if any) pari passu and ratebly as to each other on the Senior Instruments; 
(g) 
seventh, on a pro rata and pari passu basis, amounts due and payable in respect of (a) 
interest accrued during the immediately preceding Interest Period on the Junior Instruments 
plus (b) Interest Shortfalls (if any) pari passu and ratebly as to each other  on the Junior 
Instruments; 
(h) 
eighth, to the Cash Collateral Account, until the General Cash Collateral Amount is equal to 
the Specified General Cash Collateral Account Balance; 
(i) 
ninth, on a pro rata and pari passu basis, (1) the Senior Instrument Amortisation Amount to 
each Amortising Senior Instrument and (2) an amount no less than zero equal to the Senior 
Instrument Accumulation Amount; 
(j) 
tenth, on a pro rata and pari passu basis, (1) the Junior Instrument Amortisation Amount to 
each Amortising Junior Instrument and (2) an amount no less than zero equal to the Junior 
Instrument Accumulation Amount; 
(k) 
eleventh, by the Issuer to the Swap Counterparty, any payments under the Swap 
Agreements other than those made under item fifth above;  
(l) 
twelfth, to the Subordinated Lender amounts due and payable in respect of accrued and 
unpaid interest on the Subordinated Loan (including, without limitation, overdue interest); 
(m) 
thirteenth, to the Subordinated Lender, principal amounts until the aggregate principal 
amount of the Subordinated Loan has been reduced to zero; and 
(n) 
fourteenth, to pay all remaining excess to VWFS by way of a final success fee. 
21.4 
On any Payment Date after satisfaction of the amounts in clause 22.2 (Cash Collateral Account) 
below, any positive difference between the General Cash Collateral Amount and the Specified Cash 
Collateral Account Balance shall be distributed prior to the occurrence of an Enforcement Event 
according to the following Order of Priority, provided that no Credit Enhancement Increase Condition 
is in effect and provided that for any Payment Date on which a Term Takeout occurs, the Specified 
General Cash Collateral Account Balance shall be calculated by using the aggregate outstanding

--- Page 278 ---
- 267 - 
 
 
principal amount of the Instruments following the redemption of the Instruments that occurs on such 
Payment Date as a result of such Term Takeout: 
(a) 
first, to the Subordinated Lender, amounts payable in respect of accrued and unpaid interest 
on the Subordinated Loan (including, without limitation, overdue interest); 
(b) 
second, to the Subordinated Lender, until the aggregate principal amount of the 
Subordinated Loan has been reduced to zero; and  
(c) 
third, to pay all remaining excess to VWFS by way of a final success fee. 
21.5 
Following the occurrence of an Enforcement Event, distributions will be made by the Security Trustee 
from the Available Distribution Amount and any proceeds from the enforcement of the Security 
according to the following Order of Priority: 
(a) 
first, amounts due and payable in respect of taxes (if any) by the Issuer (for the avoidance 
of doubt, corporate income taxes payable in respect of the Retained Profit Amount will first 
be paid from the amounts standing to the credit of the Retained Profit Ledger); 
(b) 
second, amounts (excluding any payments under the Trustee Claim) due and payable (i) to 
the Security Trustee under this Agreement or the Deed of Charge and Assignment, (ii) pari 
passu to any successor of the Security Trustee (if applicable) appointed pursuant to clauses 
30 (Termination by the Security Trustee for Good Cause) and 31 (Replacement of the 
Security Trustee) of this Agreement or under any agreement replacing this Agreement and 
(iii) any fees, costs, expenses, indemnities and other amounts due and payable to any 
receiver, manager, receiver and manager, administrator or administrative receiver appointed 
in respect of the Issuer in accordance with the Deed of Charge and Assignment; 
(c) 
third, to the Servicer the Servicer Fee; 
(d) 
fourth, of equal rank amounts due and payable (i) to the directors of the Issuer; (ii) to the 
Corporate Services Provider under the Corporate Services Agreement; (iii) to each Agent 
under the Agency Agreement; (iv) to the Account Bank and the Cash Administrator under 
the Account Agreement; (v) to the Rating Agencies the fees for the monitoring of the 
Programme; (vi) to the Lead Manager under the Programme Agreement; (vii) to the Data 
Protection Trustee under the Data Protection Trust Agreement; (viii) to the Issuer in respect 
of other administration costs and expenses of the Issuer, including, without limitation, any 
costs relating to the listing of the Notes on the official list of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange, 
any costs relating to any auditors' fees, any tax filing fees and any annual return or exempt 
company status fees and any Administrator Recovery Incentive; and (ix) to the Issuer the 
Retained Profit Amount to be credited to the Retained Profit Ledger; 
(e) 
fifth, amounts payable by the Issuer to the Swap Counterparty in respect of any Net Swap 
Payments or any Swap Termination Payments under the Swap Agreements (if any and 
provided that the Swap Counterparty is not the Defaulting Party (as defined in the relevant 
Swap Agreement) and there has been no termination of the transaction under the Swap 
Agreement due to a termination event relating to the Swap Counterparty's downgrade);  
(f) 
sixth, pari passu and rateably to each other amounts due and payable in respect of (a) 
interest accrued on the Senior Instruments during the immediately preceding Interest Period 
plus (b) Interest Shortfalls (if any) pari passu and rateably as to each other on all Senior 
Instruments; 
(g) 
seventh, pari passu and on a pro-rata basis, to each Senior Instrument the amount of 
principal due on such Senior Instruments until all Senior Instruments have been redeemed 
in full; 
(h) 
eighth, pari passu and rateably to each other amounts due and payable in respect of (a) 
interest accrued on the Junior Instruments during the immediately preceding Interest Period 
plus (b) Interest Shortfalls (if any) pari passu and rateably as to each other on all Junior 
Instrument;

--- Page 279 ---
- 268 - 
 
 
(i) 
ninth, pari passu and on a pro-rata basis, to each Junior Instrument the amount of principal 
due on such Junior Instrument until all Junior Instruments have been redeemed in full; 
(j) 
tenth, by the Issuer to the Swap Counterparty, any payments under the Swap Agreements 
other than those made under item fifth above;  
(k) 
eleventh, to the Subordinated Lender amounts due and payable in respect of accrued and 
unpaid interest on the Subordinated Loan (including, without limitation, overdue interest); 
(l) 
twelfth, to the Subordinated Lender, principal amounts until the aggregate principal amount 
of the Subordinated Loan has been reduced to zero; and 
(m) 
thirteenth, to pay all remaining excess to VWFS by way of a final success fee. 
21.6 
Notwithstanding the provisions of clauses 21.3, any obligations referred to in clauses 21.3(a) to 
21.3(d) may be satisfied on any date other than a Payment Date from any funds representing 
Available Distribution Amounts and available on the Accounts in the Order of Priority. 
21.7 
Where it becomes necessary or desirable to provide for an amount which is to be converted or to 
convert an amount which is payable in accordance with items first through fourth of the Order of 
Priority in clause 21.3(a) into another currency for the purposes of making such payment, such 
amount may be provided for or converted at such rate, on such date and in accordance with such 
method (including providing for and/or converting an amount at the spot rates together with an 
adjustment factor of 20 per cent.) as the Issuer or the Servicer on its behalf may determine having 
regard to current rates of exchange if available. Any amounts provided for or converted and not used 
shall be reconverted (if applicable) and retained in the Distribution Account and will be deemed to 
form part of the Available Distribution Amount for application on the next Payment Date.  
22. 
CASH COLLATERAL ACCOUNT 
22.1 
The Issuer has established at the Account Bank the Cash Collateral Account to be used for the cash 
collateral, the initial Cash Collateral Amount being equal to GBP 61,055,150. On each Payment Date, 
the Specified General Cash Collateral Account Balance will be equal to the greater of (a) 1.45 per 
cent. of the aggregate nominal amount of the Instruments outstanding as at the end of the Monthly 
Period and (b) the lesser of (i) 0.60 per cent. of the Maximum Discounted Receivables Balance, and 
(ii) the aggregate nominal amount of the Instruments outstanding as of the end of the Monthly Period. 
On each Payment Date, amounts payable under item eighth of the Order of Priority set out in clause 
21.3 (Order of Priority) shall be deposited in the Cash Collateral Account until the relevant balance 
equals the Specified Cash Collateral Account Balance. The funds in the Cash Collateral Account 
(other than the balance standing to the credit of the Interest Compensation Ledger and the Retained 
Profit Ledger) are referred to as the "General Cash Collateral Amount". 
22.2 
On each Payment Date, prior to the occurrence of a Foreclosure Event, the General Cash Collateral 
Amount shall be used: 
(a) 
to cover any shortfalls in the amounts payable under items first through seventh of the Order 
of Priority set out in clause 21.3 above; 
(b) 
to make payment of the amounts due and payable under clause 21.4; and 
(c) 
on the earlier of (i) the Final Maturity Date or (ii) the date on which the Aggregate Discounted 
Receivables Balance has been reduced to zero, to make payment of the amounts due and 
payable under items ninth, tenth, eleventh, twelfth, thirteenth and fourteenth of the Order of 
Priority set out in clause 21.3 above. 
22.3 
For the avoidance of doubt, the Servicer is entitled to utilise the General Cash Collateral Amount for 
the purposes of the Clean-Up Call Option. In connection with the exercise of the Clean-Up Call 
Option, VWFS shall ensure that all amounts outstanding under the Instruments and any obligations 
ranking pari passu with or senior to the Instruments in the Order of Priority are discharged in full. 
22.4 
On each Payment Date following the occurrence of an Enforcement Event, the General Cash 
Collateral Amount and the balance standing to the credit of the Interest Compensation Ledger and

--- Page 280 ---
- 269 - 
 
 
the Retained Profit Ledger shall be applied in accordance with clause 21.5 (Order of Priority) of this 
Agreement. 
22.5 
Upon the earliest to occur of (i) the Final Maturity Date; (ii) the date on which all then outstanding 
Instruments and the Subordinated Loan have been fully redeemed and repaid respectively, or (iii) of 
the date on which the Clean-Up Call Option has been exercised, the Cash Collateral Account shall 
be closed and VWFS shall be entitled to the sums remaining in the Cash Collateral Account together 
with the interests accrued thereof (except for any Retained Profit Amounts remaining in the Cash 
Collateral Account, to which the Issuer is entitled). After closing of the Cash Collateral Account, 
VWFS is entitled to any Purchased Receivables still being collected. 
22.6 
On each Payment Date the Retained Profit Ledger will be credited with the Retained Profit Amount 
in accordance with the applicable Order of Priority. Amounts may be debited from the Retained Profit 
Ledger from time to time to pay corporate income taxes in respect of the Retained Profit Amount and 
for any dividend payments to the Issuer's shareholder. 
23. 
RELATION TO THIRD PARTIES; OVERPAYMENT 
23.1 
In respect of the Security, the Order of Priority shall be binding on all Transaction Creditors of the 
Issuer. In respect of other assets of the Issuer, such Order of Priority shall only be applicable 
internally between the Transaction Creditors, the Security Trustee, and the Issuer; in third party 
relationships, the rights of the Transaction Creditors and the Security Trustee shall have equal rank 
to those of the third-party creditors of the Issuer. 
23.2 
The Order of Priority set forth in clause 21 (Order of Priority) of this Agreement shall also be 
applicable if the claims are transferred to a third party by assignment, subrogation into a contract, or 
otherwise. 
23.3 
All payments to Transaction Creditors shall be subject to the condition that if a payment is made to 
a creditor in breach of the Order of Priority, such creditor shall repay - with commercial effect to the 
relevant Payment Date - the amount received to the Security Trustee; the Security Trustee shall then 
pay - with commercial effect to the relevant Payment Date - out the moneys so received in the way 
that they were payable in accordance with the aforementioned Order of Priority on the relevant 
Payment Date. If such overpayment as regards a Funding is not repaid by the Payment Date 
following the overpayment or if the claim to repayment is not enforceable, the Security Trustee is 
authorised and obliged to adapt the distribution provisions pursuant to clause 21 (Order of Priority) 
of this Agreement in such a way that any over- or underpayments made in breach of clause 21 (Order 
of Priority) of this Agreement are set off by correspondingly increased or decreased payments on 
such Payment Date (and, to the extent necessary, on all subsequent Payment Dates). 
24. 
DELEGATION 
24.1 
In individual instances, the Security Trustee may, at market prices (if appropriate, after obtaining 
several offers), retain the services of a suitable law firm, credit institution, financial advisors or other 
experts to assist it in performing the duties assigned to it under this Agreement by delegating the 
entire or partial performance of the following duties: 
(a) 
the undertaking of individual measures pursuant to clause 15 (Breach of Obligation by the 
Issuer) hereof, specifically the enforcement of certain claims against the Issuer or a 
Transaction Creditor; 
(b) 
the foreclosure on Security pursuant to clause 17 (Foreclosure on the Security; Foreclosure 
Event) hereof; 
(c) 
the settlement of payments pursuant to clause 18 (Payments upon Occurrence of the 
Foreclosure Event) hereof; and 
(d) 
the settlement of overpayments pursuant to clause 23.3 (Relation to Third Parties; 
Overpayment) hereof. 
24.2 
If third parties are retained pursuant to clause 24.1 above, the Security Trustee shall only be liable 
for the exercise of due care in the selection and supervision of the third party to a degree that the

--- Page 281 ---
- 270 - 
 
 
Security Trustee would exercise in its own affairs. The Security Trustee shall, however, not be liable 
for any negligence of the third party provided that the Security Trustee has assigned his claims 
against the third party to the relevant damaged party of this Agreement. 
24.3 
The Security Trustee shall promptly notify the Rating Agencies of every hiring pursuant to clause 
24.1 above. 
25. 
ADVISORS 
25.1 
The Security Trustee is authorised, in connection with the performance of its duties under the Funding 
and the Transaction Documents, at its own discretion, to seek information and advice from legal 
counsel, financial consultants, banks, and other experts in Germany or elsewhere (and irrespective 
of whether such Persons are already retained by the Security Trustee, the Issuer, a Transaction 
Creditor, or any other Person involved in the transactions under the Instruments, the Subordinated 
Loan or the Transaction Documents), at market prices (if appropriate, after obtaining several offers). 
25.2 
The Security Trustee may rely on such information and such advice of such external advisors without 
having to make its own investigations. The Security Trustee shall not be liable for any damages or 
losses caused by its acting in reliance on the information or the advice of such Persons. The Security 
Trustee shall not be liable for any negligence of such Persons. 
26. 
FEES 
26.1 
The Issuer will pay the Security Trustee a fee, the amount of which shall be separately agreed 
between the Issuer and the Security Trustee. 
26.2 
Upon the occurrence of a Foreclosure Event or a default of any party (other than the Security Trustee) 
to a Transaction Document which results in that the Security Trustee undertakes tasks, the Issuer 
shall pay or procure to be paid to the Security Trustee such additional remuneration as shall be 
agreed between them. In the event that the Issuer and the Security Trustee fail to agree as to whether 
and/or in which amount an additional remuneration shall be payable in accordance with the preceding 
sentence, such matters shall be determined by a bank, financial services institution or auditing firm 
of recognised standing (acting as an expert and not as an arbitrator) jointly determined by the Issuer 
and the Security Trustee. The determination made by such expert shall be final and binding upon the 
Issuer and the Security Trustee. It is understood that the additional tasks to be performed by the 
Security Trustee will not be delayed, but instead will be continued as if the Issuer and the Security 
Trustee would have agreed on a fee immediately. 
27. 
REIMBURSEMENT OF EXPENSES 
The Issuer shall bear all costs and disbursements (including costs for legal advice and costs of other 
experts) incurred by the Security Trustee (other than in relation to tax on its own income, profits or 
gains or any FATCA Deduction) in connection with the performance of its duties under this 
Agreement, including the costs and disbursements in connection with the creation, holding, and 
foreclosure on the Security. 
28. 
RIGHT TO INDEMNIFICATION 
28.1 
The Issuer shall indemnify the Security Trustee against all losses, liabilities, obligations (including 
any taxes (other than taxes on the Security Trustee's own income, profits or gains or any FATCA 
Deduction)), actions in and out of court, and costs and disbursements incurred by the Security 
Trustee in connection with this Agreement or any other Transaction Document, unless such costs 
and expenses are incurred by the Security Trustee due to a breach of its standard of care pursuant 
to clause 33 (Standard of Care) of this Agreement. 
28.2 
The Security Trustee shall not be bound to take any action under or in connection with this Agreement 
or any other Transaction Document or any document executed pursuant to any of them including, 
without limitation, forming any opinion or employing any agent, unless in all cases, it is fully 
indemnified or secured, and is reasonably satisfied that the Issuer will be able to honour any 
indemnity in accordance with the Order of Priority as set out in clause 21 hereof, against all liabilities, 
proceedings, claims and demands to which it may be or become liable and all costs, charges and 
expenses which may be incurred by it in connection with them (other than taxes on the Security

--- Page 282 ---
- 271 - 
 
 
Trustee's own income, profits or gains or any FATCA Deduction) for which purpose the Security 
Trustee may require payment in advance of such liabilities being incurred of an amount which it 
considers (without prejudice to any further demand) sufficient to indemnify it or security satisfactory 
to it. 
28.3 
Notwithstanding any other provision of this Agreement, the Issuer will have no obligation to indemnify 
the Security Trustee for any FATCA Deductions.  
29. 
TAXES 
29.1 
The Issuer shall bear all stamp and transfer taxes and other similar taxes or charges which are 
imposed in the United Kingdom, Germany or Luxembourg on or in connection with (i) the creation, 
holding, or foreclosure on Security, (ii) any measure taken by the Security Trustee pursuant to the 
Conditions, the Subordinated Loan Agreement or the other Transaction Documents, and (iii) the 
drawing under the Schuldschein Loans, the issuance of the Notes, the execution of the Subordinated 
Loan Agreement or the execution of the other Transaction Documents. 
29.2 
All payments of fees and reimbursements of reasonable expenses to the Security Trustee shall 
include any irrecoverable turnover taxes, value added taxes or similar taxes, other than taxes on the 
Security Trustee's own income, profits or gains, or any FATCA Deduction which are imposed in the 
future on the services of the Security Trustee. 
30. 
TERMINATION BY THE SECURITY TRUSTEE FOR GOOD CAUSE 
30.1 
The Security Trustee may resign from its office as Security Trustee for good cause (aus wichtigem 
Grund) at any time, provided that upon or prior to its resignation, the Security Trustee, on behalf of 
the Issuer, appoints a reputable bank in the European Union or a reputable German auditing 
company and/or fiduciary company as successor and such appointee who needs to be experienced 
in the business of security trusteeship in Germany assumes all rights and obligations arising from 
this Agreement and has been furnished with all authorities and powers that have been granted to the 
Security Trustee. 
30.2 
Without prejudice to the obligation of the Security Trustee to appoint a successor in accordance with 
clause 30.1 above, the Issuer shall be authorised to make such appointment in lieu of the Security 
Trustee. 
30.3 
The appointment of the new Security Trustee pursuant to clause 30.1 or clause 30.2 above shall only 
take effect if (i) VWFS consents to the appointment of the proposed new Security Trustee; and (ii) 
the Issuer consents to the appointment of the proposed new Security Trustee or withholds such 
consent unreasonably. Consent pursuant to number (i) above shall be deemed granted if the Issuer 
or the Security Trustee requests VWFS in writing, including by e-mail, for consent to the appointment 
and consent is not refused by VWFS within five banking days in London of having received the 
request. Consent pursuant to number (ii) shall be deemed granted if the Security Trustee requests 
the Issuer in writing, including by e-mail, for consent to the appointment and consent or proof of 
reasonable cause for refusing to give consent is not provided within five banking days in Luxembourg 
after the Issuer receives the request. 
30.4 
A termination pursuant to clause 30.1 above notwithstanding, the rights and obligations of the 
Security Trustee shall continue until the appointment of the new Security Trustee has become 
effective and the rights pursuant to clause 32 (Transfer of Security; Costs; Publication) hereof have 
been assigned to it. 
30.5 
The outgoing Security Trustee shall, in case of a termination, reimburse (on a pro rata basis) to the 
Issuer any up-front fees paid by the Issuer for periods after the date on which the substitution of the 
Security Trustee is taking effect. In case of a termination by the Issuer for good cause (aus wichtigem 
Grund) which is attributable to a breach by the Security Trustee of its standard of care set out in 
clause 33 hereof, the outgoing Security Trustee shall reimburse the Issuer for the costs (including 
legal costs and administration costs) or pay any costs incurred for the purpose of appointing a new 
Security Trustee up to a maximum amount of GBP 15,000 (the "Security Trustee Replacement 
Cost").

--- Page 283 ---
- 272 - 
 
 
31. 
REPLACEMENT OF THE SECURITY TRUSTEE 
The Issuer shall be authorised and obliged to replace the Security Trustee with a reputable bank or 
a reputable German auditing company and/or law firm and/or a fiduciary company who needs to be 
experienced in the business of security trusteeship in Germany if the Issuer has been so instructed 
in writing by a Lender, the Lenders, a Noteholder, the Noteholders or the Subordinated Lender 
owning at least 50 per cent of the aggregate outstanding principal amount of the Instruments and the 
Subordinated Loan. The Issuer shall be obliged to notify VWFS and the Rating Agencies within thirty 
(30) calendar days upon receipt of such request to replace the Security Trustee. 
32. 
TRANSFER OF SECURITY; COSTS; PUBLICATION 
32.1 
In the case of a replacement of the Security Trustee pursuant to clauses 30 (Termination by the 
Security Trustee for Good Cause) or 31 (Replacement of the Security Trustee) of this Agreement, 
the Security Trustee shall forthwith transfer the Security it holds as fiduciary under this Agreement, 
as well as its Trustee Claim under clause 4 (Position of the Security Trustee in Relation to the Issuer) 
(including the pledge rights granted for the same pursuant to clause 6 (Pledge)) in its capacity as 
trustee to the new Security Trustee. Without prejudice to this obligation, the Issuer is hereby 
irrevocably authorised to effect such transfer on behalf of the Security Trustee subject to the condition 
set forth in sentence 1. 
32.2 
The costs incurred in connection with replacing of the Security Trustee pursuant to clauses 30 
(Termination by the Security Trustee for Good Cause) or 32 (Replacement of the Security Trustee) 
of this Agreement shall be borne by the Issuer. If the replacement pursuant to clause 30 (Termination 
by the Security Trustee for Good Cause) or clause 31 (Replacement of the Security Trustee) of this 
Agreement is caused by a violation of obligations of the Security Trustee as set out in clause 33 
hereof, the Issuer shall be entitled, without prejudice to any additional rights, to demand damages 
from the Security Trustee in the amount of such costs. The Security Trustee Replacement Cost, as 
defined in clause 30.5, shall be limited to GBP 15,000 however, any additional rights to demand 
damages from the Security Trustee shall not be limited to the amount of the Security Trustee 
Replacement Cost. 
32.3 
The appointment of a new Security Trustee in accordance with clauses 30 (Termination by the 
Security Trustee for Good Cause) and 31 (Replacement of the Security Trustee) of this Agreement 
shall be published without delay in accordance with the Conditions and the Subordinated Loan 
Agreement, or, if this is not possible, in any other appropriate way. 
32.4 
The Security Trustee shall provide the new Security Trustee with a report regarding its activities 
within the framework of this Agreement. 
33. 
STANDARD OF CARE 
The Security Trustee shall be liable for breach of its obligations under this Agreement only if and to 
the extent that it fails to meet the standard of care which it would exercise in its own affairs (Sorgfalt 
in eigenen Angelegenheiten).  
34. 
EXCLUSION OF LIABILITY 
The Security Trustee shall not be liable for: (i) any action or failure to act of the Issuer or of other 
parties to the Transaction Documents, (ii) the Instruments, the Subordinated Loan, the Purchased 
Receivables and the Transaction Documents being legal, valid, binding, or enforceable, or for the 
fairness of the provisions set forth in the Instruments, the Subordinated Loan Agreement or in the 
aforementioned Transaction Documents and (iii) – without prejudice to the provisions of clause 15 
(Breach of Obligations by the Issuer) hereof – VWFS's failure to meet all or part of its contractual 
obligations to submit documents to the Security Trustee. In addition, no shareholder, officer or 
director of the Security Trustee shall incur any personal liability as a result of the performance or non-
performance by the Security Trustee of its obligations hereunder. Any recourse against such a 
shareholder, officer or director is excluded accordingly, save for any such shareholder's, officer's or 
director's own gross negligence (grobe Fahrlässigkeit) or wilful misconduct (Vorsatz).

--- Page 284 ---
- 273 - 
 
 
35. 
UNDERTAKINGS OF THE ISSUER IN RESPECT OF THE SECURITY 
The Issuer undertakes vis-à-vis the Security Trustee: 
(a) 
not to sell the Security and to refrain from all actions and failure to act (excluding the 
collection and enforcement of the Security in the ordinary course of business) which may 
result in a significant (wesentlichen) decrease in the aggregate value or in a loss of the 
Security; to the extent that there are indications that a Transaction Creditor does not properly 
fulfil its obligations under a Transaction Document, the Issuer will in particular exercise the 
due care from a prudent merchant (Sorgfalt eines ordentlichen Kaufmanns) to take all 
necessary action to prevent the Security or their value from being jeopardised; 
(b) 
upon request of the Security Trustee, to mark in its accounting records the transfer for 
security purposes and the pledges to the Security Trustee and to disclose to third parties 
having a legal interest in becoming aware of the transfer for security purposes and the pledge 
that the transfer for security purposes and the pledges has taken place; 
(c) 
promptly to notify the Security Trustee if the rights of the Security Trustee in the Security are 
impaired or jeopardised by way of an attachment or other actions of third parties, by sending 
a copy of the attachment or transfer order or of any other document on which the 
enforcement of the third party is based, as well as all further documents which are required 
or useful to enable the Security Trustee to file proceedings and take other actions in defence 
of its rights. In addition, the Issuer shall promptly inform the attachment creditor and other 
third parties in writing, including by e-mail, of the rights of the Security Trustee in the Security; 
and 
(d) 
to permit the Security Trustee or its representatives to inspect its books and records at any 
time during usual business hours for purposes of verifying and enforcing the Security, to give 
any information necessary for such purpose, and to make the relevant records available for 
inspection. 
36. 
OTHER UNDERTAKINGS OF THE ISSUER 
The Issuer undertakes to: 
(a) 
promptly notify the Security Trustee in writing, including by e-mail, if circumstances occur 
which constitute a Foreclosure Event pursuant to clause 17 (Foreclosure on the Security; 
Foreclosure Event) of this Agreement; 
(b) 
submit to the Security Trustee at least once a year and in any event not later than 180 
calendar days after the end of its fiscal year and at any time upon demand within five days 
a certificate signed by a director of the Issuer in which such director, in good faith and to the 
best of his/her knowledge based on the information available represents that during the 
period between the date the preceding certificate was submitted (or, in the case of the first 
certificate, the date of this Agreement) and the date on which the relevant certificate is 
submitted, the Issuer has fulfilled its obligations under the Instruments, the Subordinated 
Loan Agreement and the other Transaction Documents or (if this is not the case) specifies 
the details of any breach;  
(c) 
give the Security Trustee at any time such other information it may reasonably demand for 
the purpose of performing its duties under this Agreement; 
(d) 
send to the Security Trustee one copy in the German or the English language of any balance 
sheet, any profit and loss accounts, any report or notice, or any other memorandum sent out 
by the Issuer to its shareholders either at the time of the mailing of those documents to the 
shareholders or as soon as possible thereafter; 
(e) 
send or have sent to the Security Trustee a copy of any notice given in accordance with the 
Conditions and/or the terms of the Subordinated Loan Agreement immediately, or at the 
latest on the day of the publication of such notice;

--- Page 285 ---
- 274 - 
 
 
(f) 
ensure that the Principal Paying Agent notifies the Security Trustee immediately if they do 
not receive the moneys needed to discharge in full any obligation to repay the full or partial 
principal amount due to the Lenders and/or the Noteholders and/or the Subordinated Lender 
on any Payment Date; 
(g) 
have at all times at least one director independent from the Seller and the Issuer's 
shareholders; 
(h) 
correct any known misunderstanding regarding its separate identity;  
(i) 
conduct its own business in its own name; and 
(j) 
at all times ensure that its central management and control is exercised in Luxembourg. 
37. 
NEGATIVE UNDERTAKINGS 
As long as the Instruments and the Subordinated Loan are outstanding, the Issuer is not authorised 
without prior written consent of the Security Trustee to: 
37.1 
engage in any business or activities other than: 
(a) 
the performance of the obligations under this Agreement, the Instruments, the Subordinated 
Loan Agreement and the other Transaction Documents and under any other agreements 
which have been entered into in connection with the Funding; 
(b) 
the enforcement of its rights; 
(c) 
the performance of any acts which are necessary or useful in connection with (a) or (b) 
above; and 
(d) 
the execution of all further documents and undertaking of all other actions, at any time and 
to the extent permitted by law, which, in the opinion of the Security Trustee, are necessary 
or warranted with respect to the reasonable interests of the Lenders, the Noteholders or the 
Subordinated Lender in order to ensure that the Conditions or the Subordinated Loan 
Agreement are always valid; 
37.2 
hold, permit to subsist any subsidiary nor form or acquire any subsidiary (unless in the case of a 
substitution of the Issuer pursuant to the Conditions and the Subordinated Loan Agreement); 
37.3 
dispose of or pledge any assets or any part thereof or interest therein and/or make, incur, assume or 
suffer to exist any loan, advance or guarantee to any person, unless provided otherwise in this clause 
37.1 above; 
37.4 
pay dividends or make any other distribution to its shareholders other than payment of dividends in 
any accounting period which do not exceed the aggregate amount left to the Issuer after Tax (if any) 
is charged on the retained profit; 
37.5 
incur, create, assume or suffer to exist or otherwise become or be liable in respect of any 
indebtedness, whether present or future; 
37.6 
have any employees or own any real estate assets; 
37.7 
create or permit to subsist any mortgages, or – notwithstanding of its obligations under the 
Transaction Documents - any liens, pledges or similar rights; 
37.8 
consolidate or merge; 
37.9 
materially amend its Articles of Association; 
37.10 
issue new shares and acquire shares; 
37.11 
open new accounts (other than contemplated in the Transaction Documents);

--- Page 286 ---
- 275 - 
 
 
37.12 
change its country of incorporation;  
37.13 
effect a substitution of debtors pursuant to the Conditions and the Subordinated Loan Agreement; 
37.14 
permit its assets to become commingled with those of any other party;  
37.15 
acquire obligations or securities of its Affiliates;  
37.16 
take any action which will cause its central management and control to be located in any jurisdiction 
other than Luxembourg; or 
37.17 
enter into any derivative contracts other than for the purposes of hedging the interest rate risk of the 
Purchased Receivables. 
38. 
AMENDMENTS 
38.1 
VWFS will be entitled to unilaterally amend any term or provision of this Agreement, including this 
clause 38.1 with the consent of the Issuer but without the consent of any Lender, any Noteholder, 
any Swap Counterparties, the Subordinated Lender, the Arranger, the Lead Manager or any other 
Person; provided that such amendment shall only become valid: 
(a) 
if it is notified to the Security Trustee, the Rating Agencies and the Issuer and VWFS have 
received a confirmation (x) from the Security Trustee that in the sole professional judgment 
of the Security Trustee, such amendment will not be materially prejudicial to the interests of 
any such Transaction Creditor and (y) the Rating Agencies that the ratings then assigned to 
the Instruments will not be adversely affected by such amendment; and 
(b) 
if any of the amendments relate to the amount, the currency or the timing of the cash-flow 
received by the Issuer under the Purchased Receivables, the application of such cash-flow 
by the Issuer, or the ranking of the Swap Counterparties in the Order of Priority, then the 
consent of each Swap Counterparty will be required; and 
(c) 
in case of amendments which materially and adversely affect the interests of the Issuer, the 
Security Trustee, the Swap Counterparties and/or the Subordinated Lender if such 
Transaction Parties that are materially and adversely affected have consented to such 
amendment.  
38.2 
 
(a) 
Each Swap Counterparty and the Issuer shall be entitled: 
(i) 
to amend the Swap Agreements to ensure that the terms hereof, and the parties 
obligations thereunder, are in compliance with the Regulation (EU) No 648/2012 of 
the European Parliament and of the Council of 4 July 2012 on OTC derivatives, 
central counterparties and trade repositories, known as the European Market 
Infrastructure Regulation, as amended from time to time, ("EMIR") and/or the then 
subsisting technical standards under EMIR; or  
(ii) 
to amend or waive (subject at all times to Article 15 (Dispute resolution), Chapter 
VII of the technical standards under EMIR (which relate to, inter alia, non-financial 
counterparties, risk-mitigation techniques for over the counter derivative contracts 
not cleared by a central counterparty) any of the time periods set out Part 6(c) of 
the schedules to the Swap Agreements. 
(b) 
The Servicer or the relevant Transaction Party(ies), as the case may be, and the Issuer shall 
be entitled to amend the Servicing Agreement or any other Transaction Documents to 
ensure that the terms thereof, and the parties obligations thereunder, are in compliance with 
EMIR and/or the then subsisting technical standards under EMIR; 
in each case of (a) and (b) above, with the consent of the Issuer but without the consent of any 
Lender, any Noteholder, the Subordinated Lender or any other Person; provided that such 
amendment or waiver shall only become valid if it is notified to the Security Trustee and the Rating

--- Page 287 ---
- 276 - 
 
 
Agencies, and the Issuer and the Swap Counterparties or the Servicer or the relevant Transaction 
Party(ies), as the case may be, have received a confirmation from the Security Trustee that in the 
sole professional judgment of the Security Trustee, such amendment or waiver will not be materially 
prejudicial to the interests of any such Transaction Creditor. 
38.3 
Notwithstanding clauses 38.1 and 38.2 above, VWFS will be entitled to amend any term or provision 
of this Agreement with the consent of the Security Trustee, but without the consent of any Lender, 
any Noteholder, any Swap Counterparty, the Subordinated Lender, the Arranger, the Lead Manager 
or any other Person if it is advised by a third party authorised under Article 28 of the UK Securitisation 
Regulation or Article 28 of the EU Securitisation Regulation, as applicable, or a reputable 
international law firm that such amendments are required for the Programme to comply with the EU 
Securitisation Regulation or the UK Securitisation Regulation, as applicable, or any regulatory and/or 
implementing technical standards adopted under the EU Securitisation Regulation or any directions, 
secondary legislation, guidance, regulatory technical standards, implementing technical standards 
and related documents published by the FCA and the PRA of the United Kingdom under the UK 
Securitisation Regulation. Any such amendment shall only become valid, by giving ten (10) Business 
Days prior notice to the Lenders, the Noteholders and the Rating Agencies in writing, including by e-
mail. Insofar as such amendments relate to the originator or Seller, any amendments in order to 
comply with the EU Securitisation Regulation shall not result in any non-compliance with the UK 
Securitisation Regulation and insofar as such amendments relate to the Issuer, any amendments in 
order to comply with the UK Securitisation Regulation shall not result in any non-compliance with the 
EU Securitisation Regulation. 
38.4 
The Security Trustee shall have the right to request a reputable international law firm to confirm the 
legal validity of such amendment and/or to describe the legal effects of such amendment and to incur 
reasonable expenses for such consultation which shall be reimbursed by VWFS. 
38.5 
Subject to clause 38.2 above, this Agreement may also be amended from time to time with the 
consent of (a) the Issuer and (b) the Lenders of the Senior Schuldschein Loans and the Noteholders 
of the Class A Notes evidencing not less than a majority of the aggregate outstanding principal 
amount of the outstanding Senior Instruments, for the purpose of adding any provisions to or 
changing in any manner or eliminating any of the provisions of this Agreement or of modifying in any 
manner the rights of the Lenders and the Noteholders; provided that (x) no such amendment shall (i) 
reduce the interest rate of any Instrument (unless the amendment is made through the exercise of 
the Issuer's unilateral right to modify SONIA to an Alternative Base Rate pursuant to a Benchmark 
Rate Modification) or principal amount of any Instrument or delay the Scheduled Repayment Date or 
Final Maturity Date of any Instrument without the consent of the respective Lender or the respective 
Noteholder (other than any Benchmark Rate Modification) (each a "Reserved Matter") or (ii) reduce 
the percentage of the aggregate outstanding principal amount of the Junior Instrument without the 
consent of the Lenders of the Junior Schuldschein Loans and the Noteholders of the Class B Notes 
evidencing not less than a majority of the aggregate outstanding principal amount of the outstanding 
Junior Instruments, and provided further that (y) if any of the amendments relate to the amount, the 
currency or the timing of the cash-flow received by the Issuer under the Purchased Receivables, the 
application of such cash-flow by the Issuer, or the ranking of the Swap Counterparties in the Order 
of Priority, or materially and adversely affects the interests of the Swap Counterparties, then the prior 
written consent of each Swap Counterparty will be required. The manner of obtaining consents from 
the Lenders and Noteholders may be either a meeting of the Lenders or Noteholders or by way of a 
decision without a meeting of the Lenders or the Noteholders. The manner of obtaining any other 
consents of the Lenders or the Noteholders provided for in this Agreement and of evidencing the 
authorisation of the execution thereof by the Lenders will be subject to such reasonable requirements 
as the Security Trustee may prescribe, including the establishment of record dates. Upon full 
redemption of all Senior Instruments, the foregoing sentence shall apply with the modification that 
the required Lender of a Senior Schuldschein Loan or Noteholder of a Class A Notes consent as set 
out under (b) shall be replaced by consent of Lenders of the Junior Schuldschein Loans or 
Noteholders of the Class B Notes evidencing not less than a majority of the aggregate outstanding 
principal amount of the outstanding Junior Instruments. 
39. 
CONDITION PRECEDENT 
This Agreement is subject to the condition precedent that the Drawing and/or Issue occurs. If by the 
Initial Issue Date this has not been done then this Agreement shall lose all effect by operation of law.

--- Page 288 ---
- 277 - 
 
 
INCORPORATED TERMS MEMORANDUM 
The following is an extract from the text of the Incorporated Terms Memorandum. The text is attached as 
Annex B to the Notes Conditions and constitutes an integral part of the Notes Conditions. In case of any 
overlap or inconsistency in the definitions of a term or expression in the Incorporated Terms Memorandum 
and elsewhere in the Base Prospectus, the definitions of the Incorporated Terms Memorandum will prevail. 
1. 
MASTER DEFINITIONS SCHEDULE 
1.1 
The parties that have signed this Incorporated Terms Memorandum agree that, except where 
expressly stated to the contrary or where the context otherwise requires, the definitions set out below 
shall apply to terms or expressions referred to but not otherwise defined in each of the German 
Transaction Documents, the English Transaction Documents any Scottish Declaration of Trust and 
any Assignation in Security and any further documents entered into pursuant to any of them.  
"Accession Agreement" means the accession agreement set out as a schedule to the Programme 
Agreement and signed by any additional Noteholder, Lender or transferee thereof and the Security 
Trustee. 
"Account Agreement" means the Account Agreement between the Issuer, VWFS, the Account 
Bank, the Cash Administrator and the Security Trustee governing the Accounts dated on or about 27 
November 2023, as amended and restated from time to time. 
"Account Bank" means the Accumulation Account Bank, the Distribution Account Bank, the 
Counterparty Downgrade Collateral Account Bank and the Cash Collateral Account Bank.  
"Account Bank Replacement Cost" shall have the meaning given to that term in clause 13.1 
(Accounts) of the Trust Agreement.  
"Account Bank Required Guarantee" means a guarantee provided to the Account Bank by a party 
having an Account Bank Required Rating. 
"Account Bank Required Rating" means ratings, solicited or unsolicited, of: 
(a) 
a short-term rating of at least "A-1" and a long-term rating of at least "A" from S&P, or, if 
such entity is not subject to a short-term rating from S&P, long-term ratings of at least "A+" 
from S&P; and 
(b) 
from Fitch (i) an issuer default or deposit long-term rating of at least "A" or (ii) an issuer 
default or deposit short-term rating of at least "F1".  
"Accounts" means the Accumulation Account, the Distribution Account, the Counterparty 
Downgrade Collateral Account and the Cash Collateral Account. 
"Accrued Interest" means in respect of an Instrument the interest which has accrued up to the 
relevant date. 
"Accumulation Account" means the accumulation account held with the Accumulation Account 
Bank. 
"Accumulation Account Bank" means The Bank of New York Mellon, London Branch. 
"Accumulation Amount" means the sum of the Senior Instrument Accumulation Amount and the 
Junior Instrument Accumulation Amount. 
"Accumulation Balance" means on a Payment Date during the Revolving Period the Accumulation 
Balance brought forward at the beginning of the Monthly Period plus the Accumulation Amount for 
the relevant Payment Date. 
"Additional Borrowing Date" shall mean the Initial Issue Date and any Further Issue Date or any 
date on which a drawing under Subordinated Loan Agreement is made. 
"Additional Cut-Off Date" means the last day of a Monthly Period elapsing prior to an Additional 
Purchase Date.

--- Page 289 ---
- 278 - 
 
 
"Additional Discounted Receivables Balance" means, on any Additional Purchase Date, the sum 
of the Discounted Receivables Balance on the relevant Additional Cut-Off Date of the Additional 
Receivables to be purchased by the Purchaser on such Additional Purchase Date. 
"Additional Encrypted List" means the encrypted list (with only the names and addresses, the 
discounted contract value and contract numbers of the respective Obligors) made available to the 
Issuer by VWFS on each Payment Date. 
"Additional Offer Date" means the second Business Day prior to a Payment Date. 
"Additional Purchase Date" means a Payment Date falling in the Revolving Period, when an 
additional purchase is made pursuant to clause 2 (Agreement for sale and purchase) of the 
Receivables Purchase Agreement. 
"Additional Receivables" means the Receivables purchased by the Issuer from VWFS on any 
Additional Purchase Date in accordance with the Receivables Purchase Agreement.  
"Additional Receivables Purchase Price" means the purchase price in respect of the Purchased 
Additional Receivables calculated as follows:  
The Additional Receivables Purchase Price must not exceed the sum of the funds available from 
(without double counting): 
(i) the advance of the Further Instruments in accordance with clauses 3.2 (Requesting and 
Making of Further Loans) and 4.1 (Issue and purchase of Notes) of the Programme 
Agreement at the Additional Purchase Date; 
(ii) the amount of funds available from the Order of Priority for the purchase of Additional 
Receivables at the Additional Purchase Date; and 
(iii) the amount, if any, available on any Purchase Date under the Subordinated Loan. 
The Additional Receivables Purchase Price shall equal the sum of: 
(i) (A) the sum of the relevant Senior Instrument Increase Amount and the relevant Junior 
Instrument Increase Amount, plus (B) any Subordinated Loan Increase Amount and less (C) 
where applicable, amounts required for the endowment of the Cash Collateral Account with 
the respective General Cash Collateral Amount to equal the Specified General Cash 
Collateral Account Balance, plus 
(ii)  
(a) 
the Replenished Additional Discounted Receivables Balance, multiplied by  
(b) 
one (1) minus the Replenished Receivables Overcollateralisation Percentage. 
The Additional Receivables Purchase Price is to be paid by the Purchaser. 
The Additional Receivables Purchase Price shall be free of VAT and shall be debited at the Additional 
Purchase Date from the Accumulation Account (if not already netted) and/or funded from the 
advances of Further Loans or the issuance of Further Notes.  
"Administrator Recovery Incentive" means any incentive fee, costs and/or expenses payable, 
pursuant to the Servicing Agreement, to an Insolvency Official of VWFS in relation to the sale of 
Vehicles after an Insolvency Event of VWFS. 
"Advance" means an advance under a Schuldschein Loan. 
"Adverse Claim" means any mortgage, charge, pledge, hypothecation, lien, floating charge, security 
assignment or other security interest or encumbrance or other right or claim under the laws of any 
jurisdiction, of or on any Person's assets or properties in favour of any other Person.  
"Affected Party" has the meaning given to that term in paragraph 1.3 (Mitigation) of Schedule 1 to 
the Servicing Agreement.

--- Page 290 ---
- 279 - 
 
 
"Affiliate" means, in relation to any Person, any entity controlled, directly or indirectly by the Person, 
any entity that controls, directly or indirectly the Person or any entity directly or indirectly under 
common control with such Person (for this purpose, "control" of any entity of Person means 
ownership of a majority of the voting power of the entity or Person). For the purposes of this definition, 
with respect to the Issuer, "Affiliate" does not include the Corporate Services Provider or any entities 
which the Corporate Services Provider controls. 
"Agency Agreement" means the agency agreement entered into between, amongst others, the 
Issuer, the Agents and the Security Trustee dated on or about 27 November 2023, as amended and 
restated from time to time. 
"Agent Replacement Costs" shall have the meaning given to that term in clause 11.3 (Termination 
and variation of appointment) of the Agency Agreement. 
"Agents" means the Principal Paying Agent, the Registrar and the Interest Determination Agent, and 
"Agent" means any one of them. 
"Aggregate Cut-Off Date Discounted Receivables Balance" means the Aggregate Discounted 
Receivables Balance as of the Initial Cut-Off Date and any Additional Cut-Off Date. 
"Aggregate Discounted Receivables Balance Shortfall" has the meaning given to such term in 
clause 5.6 of the Receivables Purchase Agreement. 
"Aggregate Redeemable Amount" means, at any time, the difference between (i) the aggregate 
outstanding nominal amount of an Instrument and (ii) the Targeted Remaining Senior Instrument 
Balance or Targeted Remaining Junior Instrument Balance, as the case may be. 
"Aggregate Discounted Receivables Balance" means the sum of the Discounted Receivables 
Balances for all Financing Contracts relating to Purchased Receivables. 
"AIFM Regulation" means the EU AIFM Regulation and the UK AIFM Regulation.  
"Alternative Benchmark Rate" has the meaning given to it in Loan Condition 11 (Amendments to 
the Conditions and Benchmark Rate Modification) and Notes Condition 12 (Amendments to the 
Conditions and Benchmark Rate Modification). 
"Amortisation Factor" means, with respect to an Amortising Instrument and a certain Payment Date, 
the ratio of the principal amount outstanding of such Amortising Instrument immediately before it 
commences amortisation as numerator and the sum of the principal amount outstanding of all Non-
Amortising Instrument and the principal amount outstanding of all Amortising Instruments each as 
issued or advanced on the day immediately preceding the commencement of the amortisation of 
such Amortising Instrument as denominator, stated as a percentage. 
"Amortising Instrument" means, on any Payment Date: 
(a) 
any Instrument for which on or prior to such Payment Date the Instrument Revolving Period 
Expiration Date has occurred; or  
(b) 
following the occurrence of an Early Amortisation Event, all Instruments. 
"Ancillary Rights" means, in relation to a Purchased Receivable, all remedies for enforcing the same 
including, for the avoidance of doubt and without limitation: 
(a) 
the right to demand, sue for, recover, receive and give receipts for all amounts due and to 
become due whether or not from Obligors or guarantors under or relating to the Financing 
Contract to which such Purchased Receivable relates and all guarantees (if any) (including, 
for the avoidance of doubt, any Enforcement Proceeds received by the Seller or its agents);  
(b) 
the benefit of all covenants and undertakings from Obligors and from guarantors under the 
Financing Contract to which such Receivable relates and under all guarantees (if any); 
(c) 
the benefit of all causes and rights of actions against Obligors and guarantors under and 
relating to the Financing Contract to which such Receivable relates and under and relating 
to all guarantees (if any);

--- Page 291 ---
- 280 - 
 
 
(d) 
the benefit of any other rights, title, interest, powers and benefits of the Seller into, under, 
pursuant to or in relation to such Financing Contract (including the right (but not the 
obligation) to make any VAT adjustment under regulation 38 of the Value Added Tax 
Regulations 1995 that the Seller would otherwise be entitled to make in connection with any 
Vehicle related to such Purchased Receivable) other than rights specifically relating to the 
Vehicle itself (with such rights specifically relating to the Vehicle including, without limitation, 
the right of ownership but excluding the rights to any PCP Recoveries and (as referred to 
above) to any VAT adjustment under regulation 38 of the Value Added Tax Regulations 
1995); 
(e) 
any Insurance Proceeds received by the Seller or its agents pursuant to Insurance Claims 
in each case insofar as the same relate to the Financing Contract to which such Receivable 
relates; plus 
(f) 
the benefit of any rights, title, interest, powers and benefits of the Seller in and to PCP 
Recoveries. 
"Applicable Insolvency Law" means any applicable bankruptcy, insolvency or other similar law 
affecting creditors' rights now or hereafter in effect in any jurisdiction. 
"Arranger" means Lloyds Bank Corporate Markets plc. 
"Articles of Incorporation" means the statutes of Driver UK Master S.A. under Luxembourg law. 
"Assignation in Security" means any assignation in security of the Issuer's interest in the Scottish 
Trust Property granted pursuant to the terms of the Deed of Charge and Assignment and being 
substantially in the form set out in either Part A or Part B of Schedule 4 (Assignation in Security) of 
the Deed of Charge and Assignment. 
"Authorised Representative" shall mean the persons set out in Part A of Schedule 3 (Authorised 
Representative and Callback Contacts) of the Account Agreement, as amended pursuant to clause 
6.6 (Operating/Release Procedure) of the Account Agreement. 
"Available Distribution Amount" on each Payment Date shall equal the sum of the following 
amounts: 
(a) 
interest accrued on the Distribution Account and the Accumulation Account; plus 
(b) 
amounts received as Collections received or collected by the Servicer, inclusive, for 
avoidance of doubt, the Monthly Collateral Part 1 and Monthly Collateral Part 2 (after any 
relevant netting); plus  
(c) 
payments from the Cash Collateral Account as provided for in clause 22.2 of the Trust 
Agreement; plus 
(d) 
(i) Net Swap Receipts under the Swap Agreements; (ii) where the relevant Swap Agreement 
has been terminated, any Swap Termination Payments due by the Issuer to the departing 
Swap Counterparty have been paid, (after returning any Excess Swap Collateral to the Swap 
Counterparty), and no replacement Swap Counterparty has been found, an amount equal 
to the lesser of (A) the Swap Termination Payments sitting on the Counterparty Downgrade 
Collateral Account received by the Issuer and (B) the Net Swap Receipts that would have 
been due from the relevant Swap Counterparty on such date assuming that there had been 
no termination of such Swap Agreement; plus 
(e) 
where the relevant Swap Agreement has been terminated, amounts allocated in accordance 
with clause 20.8 of the Trust Agreement; plus 
(f) 
the amounts standing to the credit of the Accumulation Account after the preceding Payment 
Date; plus 
(g) 
any amounts provided for or converted into another currency which are not used and 
reconverted (if applicable) in accordance with clause 21.7 (Order of Priority) of the Trust 
Agreement; plus 
(h) 
the Interest Compensation Shortfall Redemption Amount; plus

--- Page 292 ---
- 281 - 
 
 
(i) 
the Interest Compensation Ledger Release Amount, provided that a Credit Enhancement 
Increase Condition is in effect; plus  
(j) 
the Buffer Top-Up Amount; less 
(k) 
the Buffer Release Amount to be paid to VWFS, provided that no Credit Enhancement 
Increase Condition is in effect. 
For the avoidance of doubt, interest accruing on the Counterparty Downgrade Collateral Account 
(other than amounts payable under clause 20.9 and clause 20.10 (Distribution Account; 
Accumulation Account; Account, Counterparty Downgrade Collateral Account; Swap Provisions) of 
the Trust Agreement), to the extent established, and the Cash Collateral Account will not form part 
of the Available Distribution Amount. Such accrued interest and earned income will be retained on 
the relevant Account and (i) in the case of the Counterparty Downgrade Collateral Account, interest 
accruing in respect of amounts other than Swap Termination Payments received by the Issuer, be 
paid to the relevant Swap Counterparty in accordance with the Swap Agreements; (ii) in the case of 
the Counterparty Downgrade Collateral Account, interest accruing in respect of Swap Termination 
Payments received by the Issuer, be paid to the Subordinated Lender and/or VWFS in accordance 
with the priority of payment set out in clause 20.10 (Distribution Account; Accumulation Account; 
Counterparty Downgrade Collateral Account; Swap Provisions) unless otherwise specified in the 
Trust Agreement and (iii) in the case of interest accruing on the Cash Collateral Account, form part 
of the General Cash Collateral Amount and will be applied accordingly in accordance with clause 22 
(Cash Collateral Account) of the Trust Agreement. 
"Base Prospectus" means the base prospectus for the issuance of Notes under the Programme. 
"Benchmark Rate Modification" has the meaning given to it in Loan Condition 11 (Amendments to 
the Conditions and Benchmark Rate Modification) and in Notes Condition 12 (Amendments to the 
Conditions and Benchmark Rate Modification). 
"Benchmark Rate Modification Certificate" has the meaning given to it in Loan Condition 11 
(Amendments to the Conditions and Benchmark Rate Modification) and in Notes Condition 12 
(Amendments to the Conditions and Benchmark Rate Modification). 
"Borrowing Base Cure Amount" has the meaning given to such term in clause 5.5 of the 
Receivables Purchase Agreement. 
"Buffer Release Amount" means on any Payment Date, the product of (a) the Buffer Release Rate, 
and (b) the Future Discounted Receivables Balance. 
"Buffer Release Rate" means, on any Payment Date, (a) a percentage rate per annum calculated 
as (i) the Discount Rate, less (ii) the weighted average (calculated based on the outstanding principal 
amount of the Instruments and the outstanding principal amount of the Subordinated Loan at the end 
of the Monthly Period) of the fixed rates (stated as a percentage) payable by the Issuer under the 
Swap Agreements and the Subordinated Loan, less (iii) the Servicer Fee at a rate of 1 per cent. per 
annum, less (iv) 0.03 per cent. for any administrative cost and fees less (v) the Interest Compensation 
Rate, divided by (b) 12, provided that the rate so calculated may in no event be less than zero. 
"Buffer Top-Up Amount" means, on any Payment Date, subject to the Buffer Top-Up Conditions 
being satisfied, the lesser of: 
(a) 
the Interest Compensation Surplus Amount; and 
(b) 
the Buffer Top-Up Shortfall Amount. 
For the avoidance of doubt, if on any Payment Date the Buffer Top-Up Conditions are not satisfied 
the Buffer Top-Up Amount shall be equal to zero. 
"Buffer Top-Up Conditions" is deemed to be in effect, on the relevant Payment Date, if: 
(a) 
an Interest Compensation Surplus Amount exists; and 
(b) 
prior to the exercise of the Clean-Up Call, the balance standing to the credit of the Interest 
Compensation Ledger is at least equal to the Interest Compensation Ledger Targeted 
Amount or will after having deducted from the Interest Compensation Surplus Amount an

--- Page 293 ---
- 282 - 
 
 
amount equal to the shortfall on the Interest Compensation Ledger to meet the Interest 
Compensation Ledger Targeted Amount prior to the deduction of the Buffer Top-Up Shortfall 
Amount from the Interest Compensation Surplus Amount. 
"Buffer Top-Up Shortfall Amount" means, on any Payment Date, the product of: 
(a) 
the Future Discounted Receivables Balance; and  
(b) 
the Buffer Top-Up Shortfall Rate. 
"Buffer Top-Up Shortfall Rate" means, on any Payment Date, (a) a percentage rate per annum 
calculated as (i) the weighted average (calculated based on the outstanding principal amount of the 
Instruments and the outstanding principal amount of the Subordinated Loan at the end of the Monthly 
Period) of the fixed rates (stated as a percentage) payable by the Issuer under the Swap Agreements 
and the Subordinated Loan, plus (ii) the Servicer Fee at a rate of 1 per cent. per annum, plus (iii) 
0.03 per cent. for any administrative costs and fees plus (iv) the Interest Compensation Rate, minus 
(v) the Discount Rate, divided by (b) 12, provided that the rate so calculated may in no event be less 
than zero. 
"Business Day" means any day on which the T2 System is open for business provided that this day 
is also a day on which banks are open for business in London and Luxembourg. 
"Callback Contact" shall mean the persons set out in Part B of Schedule 3 (Authorised 
Representative and Callback Contact), as amended pursuant to clause 6.6 (Operating/Release 
Procedure) of the Account Agreement. 
"Cash Administrator" means The Bank of New York Mellon, London Branch. 
"Cash Collateral Account" means the interest bearing account held with the Cash Collateral 
Account Bank. 
"Cash Collateral Account Balance" means, as at the relevant date of determination, the balance 
standing to the credit of the Cash Collateral Account. 
"Cash Collateral Account Bank" means The Bank of New York Mellon, London Branch. 
"CCA" means the Consumer Credit Act 1974, as amended by the Consumer Credit Act 2006 and 
associated secondary legislation. 
"Charged Property" means the whole of the right, title, benefit and interest of the Issuer in such 
undertaking, property, assets and rights assigned to the Security Trustee as defined under the Deed 
of Charge and Assignment. 
"Charged Transaction Documents" means the English Transaction Documents other than the 
Deed of Charge and Assignment. 
"Charged-Off Amount" means in relation to a Charged-Off Receivable the sum of the accounting 
write-off in accordance with the Servicer's Customary Operating Practices that reduces the 
Discounted Receivables Balance (where the adjustment for Defaulted Receivables being zero shall 
not be applied) associated with the Vehicle to zero with regard to a Charged-Off Receivable and/or 
plus, if appropriate the accounting write off in accordance with the Servicer's Customary Operating 
Practices of past due Receivables that remain unpaid and reduced to a value of zero. 
"Charged-Off Receivable" means a Terminated Receivable upon the occurrence of the earlier of 
the following events (i) the Vehicle associated to a Terminated Receivable is being sold or written-
off (as having a value of zero) or (ii) the value of the associated Terminated Receivable (excluding 
the Vehicle) is written off in accordance with the Servicer's Customary Operating Practices. 
"Class A Notes" means all Series of Class A Notes including the Initial Class A Notes and any Series 
of Class A Notes issued on any Further Issue Date, collectively. 
"Class B Notes" means all Series of Class B Notes including the Initial Class B Notes and any Series 
of Class B Notes issued on any Further Issue Date, collectively. 
"Class of Notes" means the Class A Notes and/or the Class B Notes.

--- Page 294 ---
- 283 - 
 
 
"Clean-Up Call Option" means, with respect to Instruments, VWFS's right at its option to exercise a 
clean-up call in accordance with the Receivables Purchase Agreement. 
"Clean-Up Call Option Notice" means the notice served pursuant to clause 14.1 (Clean-Up Call 
Option) the Receivables Purchase Agreement for a Clean-Up Call Option. 
"Clean-Up Call Option Settlement Amount" means the amount as set out in clause 14.2 (Clean-
Up Call Option) of the Receivables Purchase Agreement which shall, for the purposes of the definition 
of Collections, be treated as a "Settlement Amount". 
"Clearing System" means each of Clearstream, Luxembourg and Euroclear. 
"Clearstream Luxembourg" means the Clearstream clearance system for inter-nationally traded 
securities operated by Clearstream Banking, société anonyme, Luxembourg, 42 Avenue JF 
Kennedy, L-1885 Luxembourg, and any successor thereto. 
"Client Assets Sourcebook" means the CASS sourcebook as set out in the FCA Rules. 
"Client Money Distribution and Transfer Rules" means the client money distribution rules set out 
in Chapter 7 of the Client Assets Sourcebook of the FCA Handbook. 
"Client Money Rules" means the client money rules set out in Chapter 7 of the Client Assets 
Sourcebook of the FCA Rules. 
"Closing Date" means 27 November 2023. 
"Collection Agent" means an entity appointed by VWFS to, among other things, purchase the 
Written-Off Purchased Receivables.  
"Collections" means, with respect to any Purchased Receivable, the following amounts received 
during the relevant Monthly Period: 
(a) 
all payments received by the Servicer related to such Purchased Receivable in the form of 
cash, cheques, SWIFT payments, wire transfers, direct debits, bank giro credits or other 
form of payment made by an Obligor in respect of such Purchased Receivable, including 
PCP Recoveries, excess mileage charges, Enforcement Proceeds and Insurance Proceeds 
and any Written-Off Purchased Receivable Repurchase Price;  
(b) 
any payments received by the Servicer under any Ancillary Rights related to such Purchased 
Receivable; 
(c) 
any and all amounts received by the Servicer (or the Seller) (after expenses of recovery, 
repair and sale in accordance with Customary Operating Practices) in connection with any 
sale or other disposition of the Vehicle related to such Purchased Receivable, including, 
except where included in (d) below, an amount equal to any VAT adjustment under 
regulation 38 of the Value Added Tax Regulations 1995 that the Seller (or, the Servicer, 
exercising the Ancillary Rights assigned to the Issuer on the Issuer's behalf) is entitled to 
make in connection with any Vehicle related to such Purchased Receivable not including 
any amount in respect of VAT for which the Seller is required to account to the relevant tax 
authority in relation to such sale or other disposition;  
(d) 
any payments received by the Servicer (or the Seller) by way of recoveries in respect of any 
such Purchased Receivable that has become a Defaulted Receivable or a Terminated 
Receivable including an amount equal to any VAT adjustment under regulation 38 of the 
Value Added Tax Regulations 1995 that the Seller (or, the Servicer, exercising the Ancillary 
Rights assigned to the Issuer on the Issuer's behalf) is entitled to make in connection with 
any Vehicle related to such Purchased Receivable; plus 
(e) 
the aggregate Settlement Amounts paid by VWFS to the Issuer on such Payment Date 
pursuant to clause 11 (Repurchase) of the Receivables Purchase Agreement or any 
payment received by the Issuer on such Payment Date pursuant to clause 12 (Payment for 
non-existent Receivables) of the Receivables Purchase Agreement and clause 3 (Redelivery 
Repurchase Price) of the Redelivery Repurchase Agreement;

--- Page 295 ---
- 284 - 
 
 
but shall not include any payments constituting Excluded Amounts. For the avoidance of doubt, 
following the Monthly Collateral Start Date, Collections shall include the Monthly Collateral Part 1 
and Monthly Collateral Part 2 posted by VWFS onto the Distribution Account in accordance with its 
obligations under the Servicing Agreement, as adjusted to reflect actual Collections received in 
respect of the relevant Monthly Period. 
"Common Depository" means The Bank of New York Mellon, London Branch. 
"Common Safekeeper" or "CSK" means the entity appointed by the ICSDs to provide safekeeping 
for the Class A Notes under the new safekeeping structure (NSS). 
"Common Services Provider" or "CSP" means the entity appointed by the ICSDs to provide asset 
servicing for the Class A Notes under the new safekeeping structure (NSS). 
"Common Terms" means the common terms set out in Schedule 2 of the Incorporated Terms 
Memorandum. 
"Compartment" means a compartment of Driver UK Master S.A., within the meaning of the 
Luxembourg Securitisation Law. 
"Compartment 7" means the seventh Compartment of Driver UK Master S.A, designated to acquire 
the Purchased Receivables and related collateral from VWFS under the Receivables Purchase 
Agreement, issue the Notes and borrow the Schuldschein Loans. 
"Compounded Daily SONIA" means the rate of return of a daily compound interest investment (with 
the daily Sterling overnight reference rate as reference rate for the calculation of interest) and will be 
calculated by the Interest Determination Agent as at the Interest Determination Date, as follows, and 
the resulting percentage will be rounded if necessary to the fourth decimal place, with 0.00005 being 
rounded upwards: 
 
 
 
where: 
"d" is the number of calendar days in the relevant Interest Period; 
"d0" is the number of London Banking Days in the relevant Interest Period; 
"i" is a series of whole numbers from one to d0, each representing the relevant London 
Banking Day in chronological order from, and including, the first London Banking Day in the 
relevant Interest Period; 
"LBD" means a London Banking Day; 
"ni", for any day "i", means the number of calendar days from and including such day "i" up 
to but excluding the following London Banking Day; and 
"p" means, for any Interest Period, 5 London Banking Days; and 
"SONIAi-pLBD" means, in respect of any London Banking Day falling in the relevant Interest 
Period, SONIA for the London Banking Day falling "p" London Banking Days prior to that 
London Banking Day "i". 
"Conditions" means the Loan Conditions and the Notes Conditions. 
"Consumer Credit Sourcebook"  (or "CONC") means the consumer credit sourcebook as set out 
in the FCA Handbook. 
"Consumer Protection Regulations" means the Consumer protection from Unfair Trading 
Regulations 2008, which implement the UCPD.

--- Page 296 ---
- 285 - 
 
 
"Corporate Services Agreement" means the corporate services agreement entered into by Driver 
UK Master S.A. and the Corporate Services Provider on or about 21 November 2011, as amended 
from time to time, under which, the Corporate Services Provider is responsible for the day to day 
activities of Driver UK Master S.A, and shall provide secretarial, clerical, administrative and related 
services to Driver UK Master S.A. and maintain the books and records of Driver UK Master S.A. in 
accordance with applicable laws and regulations of Luxembourg. 
"Corporate Services Provider" means Circumference FS (Luxembourg) S.A. 
"Counterparty Downgrade Collateral Account" means each counterparty downgrade collateral 
account to be established by the Security Trustee for collateral provided by the Swap Counterparties 
pursuant to clause 20.6 (Distribution Account; Accumulation Account; Counterparty Downgrade 
Collateral Account; Swap Provisions) of the Trust Agreement. 
"Counterparty Downgrade Collateral Account Bank" means The Bank of New York Mellon, 
London Branch. 
"CPR" means constant prepayment rate. 
"CRA Regulation" means Regulation (EC) No 1060/2009 of the European Parliament on credit rating 
agencies, as amended by Regulation (EU) No 513/2011 and by Regulation (EU) No 462/2013 
("CRA3"). 
"CRA15" means the Consumer Rights Act 2015. 
"CRD" means Directive 2013/36/EU of the European Parliament and of the Council of 26 June 2013 
on access to the activity of credit institutions and the prudential supervision of credit institutions and 
investment firms, amending Directive 2002/87/EC and repealing Directives 2006/48/EC and 
2006/49/EC. 
"CRD IV–Package" means CRD and CRR. 
"Credit Enhancement Increase Condition" shall be deemed to be in effect if:  
(a) 
the Dynamic Net Loss Ratio for three consecutive Payment Dates exceeds (i) 0.30 per cent., 
if the Weighted Average Seasoning is less than or equal to 12 months (inclusive) (ii) 0.75 per 
cent., if the Weighted Average Seasoning is between 12 months (exclusive) and 22 months 
(inclusive), or (iii) 2.00 per cent., if the Weighted Average Seasoning is between 22 months 
(exclusive) and 34 months (inclusive), or (iv) if the Weighted Average Seasoning is greater 
than 34 months, the Dynamic Net Loss Ratio shall not apply; or   
(b) 
the Cumulative Net Loss Ratio exceeds (i) 0.80 per cent. during the first 5 months (inclusive) 
following the Closing Date, (ii) 1.80 after the 6th month (inclusive) until the 14th month 
(inclusive) following the Closing Date (iii) 4.00 per cent. after the 14th month following the 
Closing Date; or  
(c) 
the Late Delinquency Ratio exceeds 1.30 per cent. on any Payment Date on or before 25 
November 2024, provided that this event will be waived following a Term Takeout if the 
Issuer receives a Rating Agency confirmation that the sale of the Receivables will not result 
in a downgrade of the outstanding Instruments on or before the Payment Date immediately 
following the occurrence of such event; or  
(d) 
a Servicer Replacement Event occurs and is continuing; or 
(e) 
an Insolvency Event occurs with respect to VWFS; or 
(f) 
the Cash Collateral Account does not contain an amount at least equal to the Specified 
General Cash Collateral Account Balance. 
"CRR" means EU CRR and UK CRR. 
"CSSF" means the Commission de Surveillance du Secteur Financier of Luxembourg. 
"Cumulative Net Loss Ratio" means for any Payment Date a fraction expressed as a percentage, 
the numerator of which is the aggregate Charged-Off Amount of all Purchased Receivables (including

--- Page 297 ---
- 286 - 
 
 
Purchased Receivables which were not received on time and Purchased Receivables remaining to 
be paid in the future and any Redelivery Purchased Receivables which became Charged Off 
Receivables after being repurchased by VWFS) less any recoveries made in relation to Charged-Off 
Receivables with effect from the Cut-Off Date and the denominator of which is the Aggregate Cut-
Off Date Discounted Receivables Balance. 
"Cure Period" means, with respect of a breach or warranty given by the Seller in the Receivables 
Purchase Agreement, the period until the end of the Monthly Period which includes the sixtieth (60th) 
day (or, if VWFS so elects, an earlier date) after the date on which VWFS has become aware, or was 
notified, of such breach. 
"Current Aggregate Discounted Receivables Balance" has the meaning given to such term in 
clause 5.4 (a) of the Receivables Purchase Agreement. 
"Customary Operating Practices" means the normal operating policies and practices in respect of 
the origination, management, administration and collection of receivables adopted by (as the case 
may be) VWFS or the Servicer from time to time with respect to HP Agreements, LP Agreements 
and PCP Agreements entered into by VWFS. 
"Cut-Off Date" means each of the Initial Cut-Off Date and each Additional Cut-Off Date. 
"Data File" means the encrypted list (with only the names, addresses and contact numbers of the 
respective Obligors) made available by VWFS to the Issuer.  
"Data Protection Rules" means: 
(a) 
until 24 May 2018 (inclusive) the Data Protection Act 1998; and 
(b) 
from and including 25 May 2018, the EU General Data Protection Regulation, the UK 
General Data Protection Regulation and all related national laws, regulations, rules and 
secondary legislation, including the Data Protection Act 2018, and any amendment, update 
or replacement to those laws as may occur from time to time and together with any 
subordinate or related legislation made under any of the foregoing. 
"Data Protection Trust Agreement" means the data protection trust agreement entered into on or 
about 27 November 2023 by the Seller, the Data Protection Trustee, the Security Trustee and the 
Issuer, as amended from time to time. 
"Data Protection Trustee" means Data Custody Agent Services B.V., Basisweg 10, 1043 AP 
Amsterdam, the Netherlands. 
"Deed of Charge and Assignment" means the deed of charge and assignment dated on or about 
27 November 2023, amongst others, the Issuer and the Security Trustee. 
"Defaulted Receivable" means (without double-counting): 
(a) 
any Purchased Receivable which has been written off as without value in accordance with the 
Customary Operating Practices; or 
(b) 
any Purchased Receivable which has been "hostile terminated" in accordance with the 
Customary Operating Practices; or 
(c) 
any PCP Receivable in respect of which (i) the related Obligor has elected to exercise its 
right to return the Vehicle related to such PCP Receivable pursuant to the PCP Agreement 
related to such PCP Receivable, and (ii) the Vehicle related to such PCP Receivable has 
not been sold or otherwise disposed of for more than 91 days from the date on which such 
Vehicle was returned. 
"Delinquent Receivable" means any Receivable (other than a Defaulted Receivable) in respect of 
which any payment, or part thereof, remains unpaid by the relevant Obligor for more than 30 days 
but less than 91 days as calculated in accordance with the Customary Operating Practices. 
"Direct Debit" means a written instruction of an Obligor authorising its bank to honour a request of 
VWFS to debit a sum of money on specified dates from the account of the Obligor for credit to an 
account of VWFS.

--- Page 298 ---
- 287 - 
 
 
"Direct Debiting Scheme" means the system for the manual or automated debiting of bank accounts 
by Direct Debit operated in accordance with the principal rules of certain members of the Association 
for Payment Clearing Services. 
"Discount Rate" means 8.60 per cent. per annum, whereby discounting shall take place on the basis 
of one year of 360 days being equivalent to 12 months, each month consisting of 30 days. 
"Discount Rate Variation Option" has the meaning given to such term in clause 5.1 of the 
Receivables Purchase Agreement. 
"Discount Rate Variation Option Notice" has the meaning given to such term in clause 5.6 (b) of 
the Receivables Purchase Agreement. 
"Discounted Receivables Balance" means, in respect of a Purchased Receivable, its scheduled 
cash flow (including amounts of Principal and Interest that are overdue) discounted as at the relevant 
date by applying the Discount Rate. For the avoidance of doubt, the Discounted Receivables Balance 
excludes any Written-Off Purchased Receivable. 
"Distribution Account" means the interest bearing account held with the Distribution Account Bank. 
"Distribution Account Bank" means The Bank of New York Mellon, London Branch. 
"Domiciliation Law" means article 1 of the Luxembourg law of 31 May 1999. 
"Drawdown Request" means the drawdown request as set out in Annex C of the Procedures 
Memorandum. 
"Drawing" means any drawing under the Senior Schuldschein Loans and the Junior Schuldschein 
Loans by the Issuer from the Lenders on the respective Issue Date. 
"Dynamic Net Loss Ratio" means for any Payment Date, a fraction expressed as a percentage rate, 
the numerator of which is the sum of the aggregate Charged-Off Amounts for the Monthly Period less 
any recoveries made in relation to the Receivables that were previously Charged-Off Receivables 
during the Monthly Period (including Receivables which were not received on time, Receivables 
remaining to be paid in the future and any Redelivery Purchased Receivables which became 
Charged Off Receivables after being repurchased by VWFS) and the denominator of which is the 
Discounted Receivables Balance as at the beginning of the Monthly Period. 
"Early Amortisation Event" shall mean any of the following:  
(a) 
the occurrence of a Servicer Replacement Event;  
(b) 
the Accumulation Balance on two consecutive Payment Dates exceeds 15 per cent. of the 
Discounted Receivables Balance after application of the relevant Order of Priority on such 
Payment Date;  
(c) 
on any Payment Date falling after 3 consecutive Payment Dates following the Initial Issue 
Date, the Senior Instrument Actual Overcollateralisation Percentage is determined as being 
lower than 28.87 per cent.;  
(d) 
VWFS ceases to be an Affiliate of Volkswagen Financial Services AG, or any successor 
thereto;  
(e) 
the Seller fails to perform its obligations under clause 11 (Repurchase) or clause 12 
(Payment for Non-existent Receivables) of the Receivables Purchase Agreement or clause 
3 (Repurchase) of the Redelivery Repurchase Agreement provided that, in the case of the 
Seller's failure to perform its obligations under clause 2 (Repurchase) of the Redelivery 
Repurchase Agreement, such failure subsists for two consecutive Payment Dates following 
the Payment Date on which such Redelivery Purchased Receivables were required to be 
repurchased; 
(f) 
the Issuer fails to enter into a replacement Swap Agreement within 30 calendar days 
following the termination of a Swap Agreement or the respective Swap Counterparty fails to 
post collateral, in each case within the time period specified in the applicable Swap

--- Page 299 ---
- 288 - 
 
 
Agreement, (each as provided for in clause 20 (Distribution Account; Accumulation Account; 
Counterparty Downgrade Collateral Account; Swap Provisions) of the Trust Agreement or to 
take any other measure which does not result in a downgrade of the Instruments);  
(g) 
the Credit Enhancement Increase Condition is in effect; or 
(h) 
the occurrence of a Foreclosure Event. 
"Early Settlement" means where (i) the Obligor of a Purchased Receivable requests from the 
Servicer that the Servicer allows the Obligor on payment to the Servicer of the requested early 
settlement amount calculated in accordance with the Customary Operating Practices to terminate 
the Financing Contract and (ii) the requested early settlement amount is paid in accordance with the 
Customary Operating Practices with the result that no further liability exists from the Obligor under 
the Financing Contract that is the subject of the early settlement request. 
"Early Settlement Regulations" means the Consumer Credit (Early Settlement) Regulations 2004. 
"EBA" means the European Banking Authority. 
"EC Treaty" means the Treaty establishing the European Community (signed in Rome on 25 March, 
1957), as amended by the Treaty on European Union (signed in Maastricht on 7 February, 1992), as 
amended by the Treaty of Amsterdam (signed in Amsterdam on 2 November, 1997), as amended by 
the Treaty of Nice (signed in Nice on 26 February, 2001) and as amended by the Treaty of Lisbon 
(signed in Lisbon on 13 December 2007 and in force since 1 December 2009) and as amended from 
time to time. 
"EEA" means the European Economic Area. 
"Eligibility Criteria" means, in relation to the Receivables, the eligibility criteria set forth in clause 
10.1 (Warranties and Representations) of the Receivables Purchase Agreement. 
"Eligible Collateral Bank" means an international recognised bank with the Account Bank Required 
Ratings. 
"Eligible Receivable" means a Purchased Receivable that complies with the representations and 
warranties set out in clause 10 (Warranties and Representations) of the Receivables Purchase 
Agreement. 
"Eligible Swap Counterparty" means any entity having: 
(a) 
having (i) a rating of not less than the counterparty ratings for the S&P Collateral Framework 
Option then in effect pursuant to the Swap Agreement; or (ii) having the Minimum S&P 
Collateralised Counterparty Rating and posts collateral in the amount and manner set forth 
in the Swap Agreements or (iii) obtaining a guarantee from a party having the minimum 
required counterparty ratings for the S&P Collateral Framework Option then in effect; and 
(b) 
having (i) an issuer default rating or derivative counterparty rating from Fitch of at least "A" 
or a short-term rating from Fitch of at least "F1" or (ii) an issuer default rating or derivative 
counterparty rating from Fitch of at least "BBB-" or a short-term rating from Fitch of at least 
"F3" and which either posts collateral in the amount and manner set forth in the Swap 
Agreements or obtains a guarantee from a person having the ratings set forth in (i) above. 
"EMIR" means Regulation (EU) No 548/2012 of the European Parliament and of the Council of 4 July 
2012 on OTC derivatives central counterparties and trade repositories, known as the European 
Market Infrastructure Regulations including any implementing laws or regulations in force in the 
United Kingdom in relation to EMIR or amending EMIR as it applies in the United Kingdom (together 
with applicable directions, secondary legislation, guidance, regulatory technical standards, 
implementing technical standards and related documents published by the FCA and the PRA of the 
United Kingdom). 
"Encumbrances" has the meaning as set forth in Schedule 8 (Further Representations and 
Warranties), clause 1.7 (No Encumbrances/Security), of the Programme Agreement.

--- Page 300 ---
- 289 - 
 
 
"Enforcement Event" means the event that (in the sole judgment of the Security Trustee) a 
Foreclosure Event has occurred and the Security Trustee has served an Enforcement Notice upon 
the Issuer. 
"Enforcement Notice" means a notice delivered by the Security Trustee on the Issuer upon the 
occurrence of a Foreclosure Event (in the sole judgement of the Security Trustee or upon request of 
the Noteholders and the Lenders holding collectively more than 66⅔ per cent. of the outstanding 
principal amount of the Senior Instruments  or, if no Senior Instruments are outstanding, more than 
66⅔ per cent. of the outstanding principal amount of the Junior Instruments stating that the Security 
Trustee commences with the enforcement of the Security pursuant to the procedures set out in the 
relevant Security Documents. 
"Enforcement Proceeds" means the gross proceeds from the realisation of Vehicles in respect of 
Purchased Receivables and from the enforcement of any other Ancillary Rights. 
"English Process Agent" means the agent appointed by the Issuer and entitled to receive 
correspondence on behalf of the Issuer in England and Wales. 
"English Receivable" means a Purchased Receivable that is governed by English law. 
"English Transaction Documents" means the Receivables Purchase Agreement, the Servicing 
Agreement, the Account Agreement, each Swap Agreement, the Redelivery Repurchase Agreement, 
and the Deed of Charge and Assignment and any other documents designated as an English 
Transaction Document by the Issuer and the Security Trustee. 
"ESMA" means the European Securities Markets Authority. 
"EU" means the European Union. 
"EU AIFM Regulation" means Regulation (EU) No 231/2013 of 19 December 2012, as amended. 
"EU CRR" means Regulation (EU) 575/2013 of the European Parliament and of the Council of 26 
June 2013 on prudential requirements for credit institutions and investment firms, and amending 
Regulation (EU) No 648/2012, as amended. 
"EU General Data Protection Regulation" means Regulation (EU) 2016/679 of 27 April 2016, as 
amended. 
"EU Insolvency Regulation" means Regulation (EU) 2015/848 of the European Parliament and of 
the Council of 20 May 2015 on insolvency proceedings (recast), as amended. 
"EU Securitisation Regulation" means Regulation (EU) No 2017/2402 dated 12 December 2017, 
as amended, and any relevant regulatory and/or implementing technical standards adopted by the 
European Commission in relation thereto, any relevant regulatory and/or implementing technical 
standards applicable in relation thereto pursuant to any transitional arrangements made pursuant to 
the Securitisation Regulation, and in each case, any relevant guidance published by the European 
Banking Authority, the European Securities and Markets Authority (or, in either case, any 
predecessor authority), the European Commission and by national competent authorities. 
"EU Securitisation Repository" means European DataWarehouse GmbH, in its capacity as 
securitisation repository and registered in accordance with Article 10 of the EU Securitisation 
Regulation. 
"EU Solvency II Regulation" means Regulation (EU) 2015/35 of 10 October 2014 on the taking up 
and pursuit of the business of insurance and reinsurance, as amended. 
"EUR" or "EURO" or "€" means the lawful currency of the member states of the European Union that 
have adopted the single currency in accordance with the EC Treaty. 
"Euroclear" means Euroclear Bank S.A./N.V., 1 Boulevard du Roi Albert II, B-1210 Brussels, 
Belgium and any successor thereto. 
"Eurosystem" comprises the European Central Bank and the national central banks of those 
countries that have adopted the euro.

--- Page 301 ---
- 290 - 
 
 
"EUWA" means the European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018 as amended by the European Union 
(Withdrawal Agreement) Act 2020. 
"Excess Swap Collateral" means, in respect of a Swap Agreement, an amount (which shall be 
transferred directly to the Swap Counterparty in accordance with the Swap Agreement) equal to the 
amount by which the value of the collateral (or the applicable part of any collateral) provided by the 
Swap Counterparty to the Issuer pursuant to the Swap Agreement exceeds the Swap Counterparty's 
liability under the Swap Agreement as at the date of termination of the Swap Agreement or which it 
is otherwise entitled to have returned to it under the terms of the Swap Agreement.  
"Excluded Amounts" comprise the following, which are not sold to the Issuer: (a) any Supplemental 
Servicer Fee, (b) any credit protection, asset value or other insurance premiums payable by Obligors 
to the relevant insurers via the Servicer, (c) the VAT Component on payments received by the 
Servicer, (d) any amounts (together with any VAT thereon) payable by an Obligor in respect of 
refurbishment charges, wear-and-tear and other similar types of recoveries and charges (other than 
excess mileage charges); (e) any amount of VAT payable by an Obligor in respect of excess mileage 
charges, (f) any option to purchase fee specified in the Financing Contract; and (g) any cashflows 
from maintenance contracts. 
"FATCA" means: 
(a) 
sections 1471 to 1474 of the US Internal Revenue Code of 1986 and the Treasury regulations 
and official guidance issued thereunder, as amended from time to time ("US FATCA");  
(b) 
any inter-governmental agreement between the United States and any other jurisdiction 
entered into in connection with US FATCA (an "IGA"); 
(c) 
any treaty, law, regulation or official guidance enacted, issued or amended in any jurisdiction 
which facilitates the implementation of US FATCA or an IGA ("Implementing Law"); and 
(d) 
any agreement entered into with the US Internal Revenue Service, the US government or 
any governmental or Tax authority in any other jurisdiction in connection with US FATCA, 
an IGA or any Implementing Law. 
"FATCA Costs" means any costs or expenses with respect to compliance with, or implementation 
of, FATCA. 
"FATCA Deduction" means a deduction or withholding from a payment under a Transaction 
Document required by FATCA. 
"FCA" means the Financial Conduct Authority of the United Kingdom (and any successor regulatory 
authority). 
"FCA Rules" means the rules promulgated by the FCA under FSMA as amended or replaced from 
time to time. 
"Final Discharge Date" means the date on which the Security Trustee notifies the Issuer and the 
Transaction Creditors that it is satisfied that all the Secured Obligations and/or all other moneys and 
other liabilities due or owing by the Issuer have been paid or discharged in full. 
"Final Maturity Date" means, for each Instrument, the date specified as such in the Conditions. 
"Final Rental Amount" means, if any, the larger final payment due under the Financing Contracts. 
"Final Terms" means the final terms to this Base Prospectus which will be prepared for each issue 
of Notes. 
"Financing Contract" means an agreement for the provision of credit for the purchase of motor 
vehicles, taking the form of hire purchase agreements ("HP Agreements" or "HP No Balloon"), 
personal contract purchase agreements ("PCP Agreements" or "PCP") and lease purchase 
agreements ("LP Agreements") between VWFS and an Obligor. 
"Fitch" means Fitch Ratings Limited, or any successor to its rating business.

--- Page 302 ---
- 291 - 
 
 
"Force Majeure Event" means an event beyond the reasonable control of the person affected 
including, strike, lock-out, sit-in, labour dispute, act of God, war, insurrection, riot, epidemic, civil 
commotion, governmental directions and regulations, malicious damage, accident, breakdown of 
plant of machinery, computer software, hardware or system failure, earthquake, fire, flood, storm and 
other circumstances affecting the supply of goods or services. 
"Foreclosure Event" means any of the following events: 
(a) 
with respect to the Issuer an Insolvency Event occurs; or 
(b) 
the Issuer defaults in the payment of any interest on the most senior Instruments then 
outstanding when the same becomes due and payable, and such default continues for a 
period of five (5) Business Days; or 
(c) 
the Issuer defaults in the payment of principal of any Instrument on the Final Maturity Date. 
It is understood that the interest and principal on the Instruments  other than interest on the most 
senior Instruments then outstanding will not be due and payable on any Payment Date prior to the 
Final Maturity Date except to the extent there are sufficient funds in the Available Distribution Amount 
to pay such amounts in accordance with the Order of Priority. 
"Foundation" means Stichting CarLux, a foundation duly incorporated and validly existing under the 
laws of The Netherlands, having its registered office at Museumlaan 2, 3581HK Utrecht, the 
Netherlands and registered with the trade register of the Chamber of Commerce in Amsterdam under 
number 34283304. 
"FSMA" means the Financial Services and Markets Act 2000, as amended from time to time. 
"Funding" means the Instruments and the Subordinated Loan. 
"Further Discounted Receivables Balance" means on any Additional Purchase Date, the 
Additional Discounted Receivables Balance less the Replenished Additional Discounted Receivables 
Balance. 
"Further Instruments" means Further Notes and Further Loans, collectively. 
"Further Issue Date" means each day which shall be a Payment Date on which Further Instruments 
are issued or advanced, as applicable , provided that with respect to each existing Instrument such 
date shall in no event be later than the Payment Date immediately preceding the Instrument 
Revolving Period Expiration Date applicable to such Instrument (excluding, for the avoidance of 
doubt, in respect of a Series of Notes, the first issuance of Notes of a particular Series). 
"Further Loans" means any Senior Schuldschein Loan or Junior Schuldschein Loan advanced to 
the Issuer on any Further Issue Date. 
"Further Notes" means any notes of each class and each series of floating rate asset backed notes 
issued by the Issuer on any Further Issue Date. 
"Further Receivables Overcollateralisation Amount" means, with respect to any Further Issue 
Date, an amount equal to the product of (i) the Further Receivables Overcollateralisation Percentage 
and (ii) the Further Discounted Receivables Balance. 
"Further Receivables Overcollateralisation Percentage" means 2.142 per cent. For the avoidance 
of doubt, the Seller shall be entitled to vary the Further Receivables Overcollateralisation Percentage 
in accordance with the Receivables Purchase Agreement. 
"Further Receivables Overcollateralisation Percentage Variation Option" has the meaning given 
to such term in clause 6.1 of the Receivables Purchase Agreement. 
"Future Discounted Receivables Balance" means, at the beginning of the Monthly Period, the 
present value of the Purchased Receivables scheduled to be paid in the future calculated by using 
the same mechanism as to calculate the Discounted Receivables Balance, excluding any arrears 
and stock.

--- Page 303 ---
- 292 - 
 
 
"GBP" or "Sterling" means the lawful currency for the time being of the United Kingdom of Great 
Britain and Northern Ireland. 
"General Cash Collateral Amount" means the outstanding balance of the Cash Collateral Account 
from time to time other than the balance standing to the credit of the Interest Compensation Ledger 
and the Retained Profit Ledger. 
"German Civil Code" means the civil code (Bürgerliches Gesetzbuch) of Germany, as amended or 
restated from time to time. 
"German Transaction Documents" means the Conditions, the Trust Agreement, the Agency 
Agreement, the Programme Agreement, the Subordinated Loan Agreement, the Data Protection 
Trust Agreement, and any other documents designated as a German Transaction Document by the 
Issuer and the Security Trustee. 
"Governmental Authority" means any nation or government, any state or other political subdivision 
thereof, any central bank (or similar monetary or regulatory authority) thereof, any body or entity 
exercising executive, legislative, judicial, regulatory or administrative functions of or pertaining to a 
government, including without limitation any court, and any Person owned or controlled, through 
stock or capital ownership or otherwise, by any of the foregoing including for the avoidance of doubt 
the German Federal Financial Supervisory Authority. 
"HP Agreement" means an agreement for the provision of credit for the purchase of motor vehicles 
taking the form of a hire purchase agreement entered into between VWFS and an Obligor. 
"Incorporated Terms Memorandum" means the incorporated terms memorandum entered into 
between, amongst others, the Issuer and the Security Trustee on or about 27 November 2023. 
"Information Regulations" means the Consumer Credit (information Requirements and Duration of 
Licences and Charges) Regulations 2007.  
"Initial Advance" means the advance of the Initial Loans to the Issuer. 
"Initial Borrowing Date" shall have the meaning given to that term in clause 2.1 (The Subordinated 
Loan) of the Subordinated Loan Agreement.  
"Initial Issue Date" means 27 November 2023. 
"Initial Cash Collateral Amount" means GBP 61,055,150. 
"Initial Class A Notes" means any class A notes issued by the Issuer on the Initial Issue Date. 
"Initial Class B Notes" means any class B notes issued by the Issuer on the Initial Issue Date. 
"Initial Cut-Off Date" means 31 October 2023. 
"Initial Encrypted List" means the encrypted list (with only the names and addresses, the 
discounted contract value and contract numbers of the respective Obligors) made available to the 
Issuer by VWFS on a Business Day falling no later than 7 Business Days after 27 November 2023. 
"Initial Instruments" means the Initial Notes and the Initial Loans. 
"Initial Junior Loans" means any Junior Schuldschein Loan advanced to the Issuer on the Initial 
Issue Date.  
"Initial Loans" means the Initial Senior Loans and the Initial Junior Loans advanced to the Issuer on 
the Initial Issue Date. 
"Initial Notes" means the Initial Class A Notes and the Initial Class B Notes issued by the Issuer on 
the Initial Issue Date. 
"Initial Offer Date" means 27 November 2023. 
"Initial Receivables" means the Receivables purchased by the Issuer from the Seller on 27 
November 2023 in accordance with the Receivables Purchase Agreement.

--- Page 304 ---
- 293 - 
 
 
"Initial Receivables Purchase Price" shall be GBP 5,155,199,103.05 (equal to the Aggregate 
Discounted Receivables Balance of the Purchased Receivables as of the Initial Cut-Off Date) less (i) 
an amount of GBP 309,378,573.55 for overcollateralisation purposes and less (ii) the Initial Cash 
Collateral Amount. 
"Initial Senior Loans" means any Senior Schuldschein Loan advanced to the Issuer on the Initial 
Issue Date.  
"Insolvency Event" means, with respect to Driver UK Master S.A., the Seller, the Servicer, the 
Security Trustee, as the case may be, each of the following events: 
(a) 
the making of an assignment, assignation, trust, conveyance, composition of assets for the 
benefit of its creditors generally or any substantial portion of its creditors;  
(b) 
the application for, seeking of, consents to, or acquiescence in, the appointment of a 
receiver, custodian, trustee, liquidator or similar official for it or a substantial portion of its 
property; 
(c) 
the initiation of any case, action or proceedings before any court or Governmental Authority 
against Driver UK Master S.A., the Seller, the Servicer or the Security Trustee under any 
applicable liquidation, insolvency, composition, bankruptcy, receivership, dissolution, 
reorganisation, winding-up, relief of debtors or other similar laws and such proceedings are 
not being disputed in good faith with a reasonable prospect of discontinuing or discharging 
the same; 
(d) 
the levy or enforcement of a distress, diligence or execution or other process upon or sued 
out against the whole or any substantial portion of the undertaking or assets of Driver UK 
Master S.A., the Seller, the Servicer or the Security Trustee and such possession or process 
(as the case may be) shall not be discharged or otherwise shall not cease to apply within 
sixty days; 
(e) 
initiation or consent to any case, action or proceedings in any court or Governmental 
Authority relating to Driver UK Master S.A., the Seller, the Servicer or the Security Trustee 
under any applicable liquidation, insolvency, composition, bankruptcy, receivership, 
dissolution, reorganisation, winding-up, relief of debtors or other similar laws; 
(f) 
an order is made against Driver UK Master S.A., the Seller, the Servicer or the Security 
Trustee or an effective resolution is passed for its winding-up; and 
(g) 
Driver UK Master S.A., the Seller, the Servicer or the Security Trustee is deemed generally 
unable to pay its debts within the meaning of any liquidation, insolvency, composition, 
reorganisation or other similar laws in the jurisdiction of its incorporation or establishment 
(provided that, for the avoidance of doubt, any assignment, assignation, charge, pledge or 
lien made by the Issuer for the benefit of the Security Trustee under the Trust Agreement or 
the Deed of Charge and Assignment shall not constitute an Insolvency Event in respect of 
the Issuer). 
"Insolvency Official" means, in respect of any company, a liquidator, provisional liquidator, 
administrator (whether appointed by the court or otherwise), administrative receiver, receiver or 
manager, nominee, supervisor, trustee in bankruptcy, conservator, guardian, the Viscount or other 
similar official in respect of such company or in respect of all (or substantially all) of the company's 
assets or in respect of any arrangement or composition with creditors or any equivalent or analogous 
officer under the law of any jurisdiction. 
"Instruments" means the Notes and the Schuldschein Loans, collectively. 
"Instrument Factor" means, on any Payment Date after the occurrence of the Instrument Revolving 
Expiration Date in respect of a Instrument, the ratio of the outstanding nominal amount of such 
Amortising Instrument to the nominal amount of such Instrument as determined on the Instrument 
Revolving Expiration Date.

--- Page 305 ---
- 294 - 
 
 
"Instrument Revolving Period Expiration Date" means: 
(a) 
with respect to each Schuldschein Loan the revolving period expiration date as specified for 
such Schuldschein Loan in the Loan Conditions; and 
(b) 
with respect to each Series of Notes the revolving period expiration date as specified for 
such Series in the applicable Final Terms. 
"Instrument Principal Amount Outstanding" means, in relation to an Instrument on any day, the 
principal amount of such Instrument upon issue or advance, as applicable, as reduced by all amounts 
paid prior to such date on such Instrument in respect of principal.  
"Insurance Claims" means any claims against any car insurer in relation to any damaged or stolen 
Vehicle. 
"Insurance Proceeds" means any proceeds or monetary benefit in respect of any Insurance Claims. 
"Interest" means, in respect of a Receivable, each of the scheduled periodic payments of interest (if 
any) payable by the respective Obligor as provided for in accordance with the terms of the relevant 
Financing Contract plus any applicable later payment penalties. 
"Interest Accrual Period" means in respect of the first Payment Date, the period commencing on 
the Initial Issue Date and ending on the calendar day preceding the first Payment Date (both days 
inclusive) and in respect of any subsequent Payment Date, the period commencing on the preceding 
Payment Date and ending on the calendar day preceding the relevant Payment Date (both days 
inclusive). 
"Interest Compensation Available Amount" means the element of the Discount Rate which with 
respect to any Payment Date is available to compensate the Issuer for interest shortfalls suffered by 
the Issuer as a result of the Early Settlement of Purchased Receivables during the relevant Monthly 
Period. The Interest Compensation Available Amount shall be calculated on each Payment Date as 
the product of (a) the Interest Compensation Rate divided by 12, and (b) the Future Discounted 
Receivables Balance.  
"Interest Compensation Interim Amount" means each Payment Date an amount equal to the 
difference between the Interest Compensation Available Amount and the Interest Compensation 
Required Amount. If the Interest Compensation Interim Amount is a negative then an amount equal 
to the negative difference shall be classified as "Interest Compensation Shortfall Amount". If an 
Interest Compensation Shortfall Amount exists a drawing from the Interest Compensation Ledger 
shall be made in an amount equal to the Interest Compensation Shortfall Amount, until the balance 
of the Interest Compensation Ledger is equal to zero and such amount shall be classified as "Interest 
Compensation Shortfall Redemption Amount" and shall form part of the Available Distribution 
Amount. If the Interest Compensation Interim Amount is positive then such positive amount shall be 
classified as "Interest Compensation Surplus Amount" which may be released to VWFS or the 
Issuer in accordance with the definition of Interest Compensation Ledger Allocable Amount. 
"Interest Compensation Ledger" means the ledger maintained on the Cash Collateral Account. The 
Interest Compensation Ledger will not form part of the General Cash Collateral Amount. The Interest 
Compensation Ledger will be available to pay Interest Compensation Shortfall Redemption Amount 
on any Payment Date. VWFS will be entitled to receive any Interest Compensation Ledger Release 
Amounts outside of the Order of Priority. The Interest Compensation Ledger will be available to pay 
Interest Compensation Shortfall Redemption Amount on any Payment Date. VWFS will be entitled 
to receive any Interest Compensation Ledger Release Amounts outside of the Order of Priority prior 
to the occurrence of a Credit Enhancement Increase Condition. Upon the occurrence of a Credit 
Enhancement Increase Condition the Interest Compensation Ledger Release Amount will form part 
of the Available Distribution Amount.  
"Interest Compensation Ledger Allocable Amount" means on each Payment Date an amount 
equal to the excess of the Interest Compensation Surplus Amount over the sum of (i) Buffer Top-Up 
Shortfall Amount and (ii) an amount equal to any shortfall on the Interest Compensation Ledger to 
meet the Interest Compensation Ledger Targeted Amount, if any, which shall be credited to the 
Interest Compensation Ledger outside the Order of Priority. 
"Interest Compensation Ledger Release Amount" means: 
(a) 
if no Credit Enhancement Increase Condition is in effect:

--- Page 306 ---
- 295 - 
 
 
(i) 
on any Payment Date prior to the exercise of the Clean-Up Call Option, the amount 
standing to the credit of the Interest Compensation Ledger in excess of the Interest 
Compensation Ledger Targeted Amount; or 
(ii) 
following the exercise of the Clean-Up Call Option, the balance standing to the credit 
of the Interest Compensation Ledger, 
which shall be paid to the Seller; and 
(b) 
if a Credit Enhancement Increase Condition is in effect, the balance standing to the credit of 
the Interest Compensation Ledger will form part of the Available Distribution Amount. 
"Interest Compensation Ledger Targeted Amount" means GBP 4,000,000. 
"Interest Compensation Rate" means 0.80 per cent. 
"Interest Compensation Required Amount" means on each Payment Date the aggregate amount 
for all Financing Contracts that have been subject to Early Settlement during the relevant Monthly 
Period calculated as the Discounted Receivables Balance for the Financing Contract subject to Early 
Settlement less the net present value of the future payments for the same Financing Contract 
calculated using the relevant internal rate of return (rather than the Discount Rate). 
"Interest Determination Agent" means The Bank of New York Mellon, London Branch. 
"Interest Determination Date" means the fifth London Banking Day before the Payment Date for 
which the Senior Instrument Interest Rate and the Junior Instrument Interest Rate, as applicable, will 
apply. 
"Interest Period" means, unless otherwise mutually agreed by the parties, the period from (and 
including) a Payment Date to (but excluding) the next succeeding Payment Date provided that the 
initial Interest Period shall be the period from (and including) the Initial Issue Date to (but excluding) 
the first Payment Date. 
"Interest Shortfall" means the Accrued Interest which is not paid on an Instrument on the Payment 
Date related to the Interest Period in which it accrued, including but not limited to any Accrued Interest 
resulting from the correction of any miscalculation of interest payable on an Instrument related to the 
last Interest Period immediately preceding the Payment Date. 
"International Central Securities Depositary" or "ICSD" means Clearstream Luxembourg or 
Euroclear, and "ICSDs" means both Clearstream Luxembourg and Euroclear collectively. 
"Investment Company Act" means the U.S. Investment Company Act of 1940, as amended from 
time to time. 
"ISIN" means the international standard identification number pursuant to the ISO-6166 Standard. 
"ISO" means the International Organisation for Standardisation.  
"Issuer" means Driver UK Master S.A., a public limited liability company (société anonyme), having 
its registered office at 22-24 Boulevard Royal, L-2449 Luxembourg, registered with the Luxembourg 
trade and companies register under registration number B 162723, acting solely for and on behalf of 
its Compartment 7. 
"Issuer-ICSDs Agreement" means the Issuer-ICSD's agreement entered into by the Issuer and the 
ICSDs before the Class A Notes will be accepted by the ICSDs to be held under the new safekeeping 
structure (NSS). 
"Issue Date" means the Initial Issue Date and each Further Issue Date. 
"Junior Instrument Accumulation Amount" means, on any Payment Date during the Revolving 
Period, an amount not less than zero equal to the lessor of (a) the Junior Instrument Principal 
Payment Amount and (b) (i) the Junior Instrument Available Redemption Collections minus (ii) the 
sum of the Junior Instrument Amortisation Amount to be paid with respect to the Junior Instruments 
on such Payment Date.

--- Page 307 ---
- 296 - 
 
 
"Junior Instrument Actual Overcollateralisation Percentage" means, with respect to any 
Payment Date, one (1) minus the quotient of (a) the nominal amount of all outstanding Senior 
Instruments and Junior Instruments divided by (b) the sum of (i) the Aggregate Discounted 
Receivables Balance and (ii) any amounts standing to the credit of the Accumulation Account, in 
each case of (a) and (b) as determined as of the end of the Monthly Period. 
"Junior Instrument Aggregate Discounted Receivables Balance Increase Amount" means, in 
respect of a Payment Date, the amount necessary to increase the Aggregate Discounted 
Receivables Balance as of the end of the Monthly Period to the Junior Instrument Targeted 
Aggregate Discounted Receivables Balance in excess of the Senior Instrument Aggregate 
Discounted Receivables Balance Increase Amount on such Payment Date. 
"Junior Instrument Amortisation Amount" means, for any Junior Instrument, an amount calculated 
as follows:  
(a)  
if on the relevant Payment Date all of the outstanding Junior Instruments are Non-Amortising 
Instruments, zero; or 
(b) 
where on the relevant Payment Date some of the outstanding Junior Instruments but not all 
Junior Instruments are Amortising Instruments, then for any Junior Instrument which on the 
relevant Payment Date qualifies as an Amortising Instrument for the first time (such Payment 
Date with respect to such Junior Instrument referred to as the "Junior Instrument 
Amortisation Date"), the Junior Instrument Amortisation Amount applicable to such Junior 
Instrument with respect to all Payment Dates following such qualification shall be determined 
as the lesser of (i) the principal amount outstanding of such Junior Instrument and (ii) the 
product of (1) the positive difference between (A) the Junior Instrument Available 
Redemption Collections and (B) the sum of the Junior Instrument Amortisation Amounts in 
respect of the other Amortising Instruments with an earlier Junior Instrument Amortisation 
Date and (2) the Amortisation Factor applicable to such Amortising Instrument; or 
(c) 
if on the relevant Payment Date all Junior Instruments are Amortising Instruments, the Junior 
Instrument Amortisation Amount for any Junior Instrument will be determined as the product 
of (i) the Junior Instrument Principal Payment Amount multiplied by (ii) the ratio of the 
principal amount outstanding of the relevant Amortising Junior Instruments on such Payment 
Date as numerator and the sum of the principal amount outstanding of all Junior Instruments 
on such Payment Date as denominator. 
"Junior Instrument Available Redemption Collections" means an amount equal to the Available 
Distribution Amount less any amount due and payable on the relevant Payment Date under items 
first through ninth of the Order of Priority set out in clause 21.3 (Order of Priority) of the Trust 
Agreement. 
"Junior Instrument Cash Component" shall be equal to the product of (i) Junior Instrument 
Aggregate Discounted Receivables Balance Increase Amount multiplied by (ii) one (1) minus the 
Replenished Receivables Overcollateralisation Percentage. 
"Junior Instrument Increase Amount" means, with respect to the Closing Date and any Further 
Issue Date an amount equal to the product of 10.80 per cent. and the Further Discounted Receivables 
Balance rounded down to the nearest GBP 100,000. 
"Junior Instrument Interest Rate" shall have the meaning ascribed to such term in Notes Condition 
7(c) (Payments of Interest) of the Class B Notes or shall have the meaning ascribed to such term in 
Loan Condition 4.3 (Interest) of the Junior Schuldschein Loans, as applicable. 
"Junior Instrument Margin" means: 
(a) 
in respect of the Class B Notes, the margin specified under item 6 in the Final Terms of the 
relevant Series of Notes; and 
(b) 
in respect of the Junior Schuldschein Loans, the margin specified in Loan Condition 4.3 of 
the Junior Schuldschein Loans.

--- Page 308 ---
- 297 - 
 
 
"Junior Instrument Principal Payment Amount" means: 
(a) 
during the Revolving Period, an aggregate amount equal to the Junior Instrument Cash 
Component; 
(b) 
after the end of the Revolving Period, an aggregate amount for any Payment Date which is 
equal to the amount necessary to reduce the outstanding principal amount of the Junior 
Instruments to the Junior Instrument Targeted Balance. 
"Junior Instrument Targeted Aggregate Discounted Receivables Balance" means the remaining 
balance of all Instruments after application of any Junior Instrument Amortisation Amount to the 
Amortising Junior Instruments and Senior Instrument Amortisation Amount to the Amortising 
Instruments divided by 100% minus the Junior Loan Targeted Overcollateralisation Percentage. 
"Junior Instrument Targeted Balance" means for each Junior Instrument,  
(a) if the Aggregate Discounted Receivables Balance as of the end of the Monthly Period is less 
than 10 per cent. of the Maximum Discounted Receivables Balance, zero; otherwise 
(b) the excess of the sum of: 
(i) the Aggregate Discounted Receivables Balance as of the end of the Monthly Period; 
plus 
(ii) after expiration of the Revolving Period, the amounts standing to the credit of the 
Accumulation Account at the end of the respective Monthly Period; less  
(iii) the Senior Instrument Targeted Balance,  
over the Junior Instrument Targeted Overcollateralisation Amount. 
"Junior Instrument Targeted Overcollateralisation Amount" means, on each Payment Date the 
Junior Instrument Targeted Overcollateralisation Percentage multiplied by the sum of: 
(a) the Aggregate Discounted Receivables Balance; and 
(b) the amounts standing to the credit of the Accumulation Account,  
in each case as of the end of the Monthly Period. 
"Junior Instrument Targeted Overcollateralisation Percentage" means: 
(a) 
20.32 per cent. during the Revolving Period until a Credit Enhancement Increase Condition 
shall be in effect; 
(b) 
22.32 per cent. after expiration of the Revolving Period until the Credit Enhancement 
Increase Condition is in effect; and 
(c) 
100 per cent. until the Final Maturity Date once the Credit Enhancement Increase Condition 
has occurred. 
"Junior Instruments" means the Junior Schuldschein Loans and the Class B Notes, collectively. 
"Junior Schuldschein Loans" means all Junior Schuldschein Loans including the Initial Junior 
Schuldschein Loans, any Junior Schuldschein Loan advanced since the Initial Issue Date and any 
Junior Schuldschein Loan advanced on any Further Issue Date, collectively. 
"Late Delinquency Ratio" means for any Monthly Period, the ratio expressed as a percentage of (i) 
the aggregated Discounted Receivables Balance of all Late Delinquent Receivables as nominator 
and (ii) the Aggregate Discounted Receivables Balance (other than Defaulted Receivables) as at the 
beginning of the Monthly Period as denominator. 
"Late Delinquent Receivable" means any Receivable (other than a Terminated Receivable or a 
Defaulted Receivable) in respect of which any payment, or part thereof, remains unpaid by the

--- Page 309 ---
- 298 - 
 
 
relevant Obligor for more than 180 days as calculated in accordance with the Customary Operating 
Practices. 
"Lead Manager" means Lloyds Bank Corporate Markets plc. 
"Lease Purchase Agreement" or "LP Agreement" means each lease purchase agreement entered 
into between an Obligor and VWFS in the form of standard business terms or otherwise pursuant to 
which VWFS has provided financing to an Obligor where the Final Rental Amount is substantially 
greater than the previous payments due under such contract but payment of such Final Rental 
Amount is not optional pursuant to the terms of such contract. 
"Lender" means each Lender of a particular Schuldschein Loan under the Programme Agreement. 
"Liabilities" means, in respect of any person, any losses, damages, costs, charges, awards, claims, 
demands, expenses, judgments, actions, proceedings or other liabilities whatsoever including 
reasonable legal fees and any taxes and penalties incurred by that person, together with any VAT 
charged or chargeable in respect of any of the sums referred to in this definition. 
"Loan Conditions" means the terms and conditions of the relevant Schuldschein Loans which are 
set out in the Programme Agreement. 
"London Banking Day" means any day upon which banks are open for general banking business 
in London (excluding for the avoidance of doubt any bank holidays or a Saturday or a Sunday). 
"London Business Day" means, for the purposes of the Swap Agreements, a London Banking Day. 
"LPA" means the Law of Property Act 1925. 
"Luxembourg" means the Grand Duchy of Luxembourg. 
"Luxembourg Securitisation Law" means the Luxembourg law on securitisation of 22 March 2004, 
as amended from time to time. 
"Luxembourg Stock Exchange" means the Société de la Bourse de Luxembourg. 
"Luxembourg Transaction Documents" means the Corporate Services Agreement and any other 
documents designated as a Luxembourg Transaction Document by the Issuer and the Security 
Trustee. 
"Margin" means each of the Senior Instrument Margin and the Junior Instrument Margin. 
"Master Definitions Schedule" means Schedule 1 (Master Definitions Schedule) to the Incorporated 
Terms Memorandum. 
"Material Adverse Effect" means, as the context may require: 
(a) 
a material adverse effect on the validity or enforceability of any of the Transaction Documents; 
or 
(b) 
in respect of a Transaction Party, a material adverse effect on:  
(i) 
the business, operations, assets property, condition (financial or otherwise) or 
prospects of such Transaction Party; or 
(ii) 
the ability of such Transaction Party to perform its obligations under any of the 
Transaction Documents; or 
(iii) 
the rights or remedies of such Transaction Party under any of the Transaction 
Documents.  
"Maximum Commitment Amount" means the maximum commitment amount up to which the Issuer 
may request Advances from the relevant Lender or may offer Notes to the relevant Note Purchaser 
as specified in Schedule 6 of the Programme Agreement.

--- Page 310 ---
- 299 - 
 
 
"Maximum Discounted Receivables Balance" means the highest Aggregate Discounted 
Receivables Balance at any time during the Transaction. 
"MiFID II" means directive 2014/65/EU of the European Parliament and of the Council of 15 May 
2014 on markets in financial instruments and amending Directive 2002/92/EC and Directive 
2011/61/EU. 
"Monthly Collateral Part 1" means in respect of a Monthly Period an amount equal to the sum of (i) 
the Purchased Receivables becoming due in the period from (and including) the first until (and 
including) the fourteenth calendar day of such Monthly Period and (ii) the expected prepayments of 
the Purchased Receivables in the period from (and including) the first until (and including) the 
fourteenth calendar day of such Monthly Period, calculated on the basis of a constant prepayment 
rate of 20 per cent. per annum. 
"Monthly Collateral Part 2" means in respect of a Monthly Period an amount equal to the sum of (i) 
the Purchased Receivables becoming due in the period from (and including) the fifteenth calendar 
day of the relevant Monthly Period until (and including) the last calendar day of such Monthly Period 
and (ii) the expected prepayments of the Purchased Receivables in the period from (and including) 
the fifteenth until (and including) the last calendar day of such Monthly Period, calculated on the basis 
of a constant prepayment rate of 20 per cent. per annum. 
"Monthly Payments" means the monthly distribution of the Available Distribution Amount on each 
Payment Date in accordance with the Order of Priority. 
"Monthly Period" means a calendar month, and with respect to any Payment Date, the calendar 
month immediately prior to each Payment Date. 
"Monthly Remittance Condition" shall no longer be satisfied if any of the following events occur:  
(a) 
(i)(A) Volkswagen AG no longer has a short-term rating for unsecured and unguaranteed debt 
of at least "F2" by Fitch or (B)Volkswagen AG no longer has a long-term rating for unsecured 
and unguaranteed debt of at least "BBB" by Fitch; or (ii) the profit and loss sharing agreement 
(Gewinnabführungsvertrag) between Volkswagen AG and the parent of Volkswagen Finance 
Overseas B.V. such parent company being in turn the parent of the Servicer (or any of its 
successors within the VW Group as parent of the Servicer, as applicable) ceases to be in 
effect or (iii) either (A) the Parent (or any of its successors within the VW Group as parent of 
Volkswagen Finance Overseas B.V.) holds less than 100 per cent. of the shares of 
Volkswagen Finance Overseas B.V. (or any of its successors within the VW Group as parent 
of the Servicer), or (B) Volkswagen Finance Overseas B.V. (or any of its successors within 
the VW Group as parent of the Servicer) holds less than 100 per cent. of the shares of VWFS; 
or  
(b) 
either the parent of Volkswagen Finance Overseas B.V. such parent company being in turn 
the parent of the Servicer (or any of its successors within the VW Group as parent of the 
Servicer, as applicable) (A) (i) no longer has a short-term rating for unsecured and 
unguaranteed debt of at least "A-2" from S&P or a long-term rating for unsecured and 
unguaranteed debt of at least "BBB" from S&P, or (ii) where the parent of Volkswagen Finance 
Overseas B.V. such parent company being in turn the parent of the Servicer (or any of its 
successors within the VW Group as parent of the Servicer, as applicable) is not the subject of 
an S&P short-term rating, a long-term rating for unsecured and unguaranteed debt of at least 
"BBB+" from S&P, or (iii) S&P notifies the Issuer and/or the Servicer that VWFS is no longer 
deemed eligible under the applicable rating criteria by S&P or (B) the profit and loss sharing 
agreement (Gewinnabführungsvertrag) between Volkswagen AG and the parent of 
Volkswagen Finance Overseas B.V. such parent company being in turn the parent of the 
Servicer (or any of its successors within the VW Group as parent of the Servicer, as applicable) 
ceases to be in effect.  
"Net Swap Payment" means for the Swap Agreements, the net amounts with respect to regularly 
scheduled payments owed by the Issuer to a Swap Counterparty, if any, on any Payment Date, 
including any interest accrued thereon, under the Swap Agreements, excluding Swap Termination 
Payments and any other amounts payable to the Swap Counterparty under the Swap Agreements. 
"Net Swap Receipts" means for the Swap Agreement, the net amounts owed by a Swap 
Counterparty to the Issuer, if any, on any Payment Date, excluding any Swap Termination Payments. 
For further clarity, this term does not include any amounts transferred as collateral.

--- Page 311 ---
- 300 - 
 
 
"New Aggregate Discounted Receivables Balance" has the meaning given to such term in clause 
5.4(b) of the Receivables Purchase Agreement. 
"New Discount Rate" has the meaning given to such term in clause 5.2 of the Receivables Purchase 
Agreement. 
"New Further Receivables Overcollateralisation Percentage" has the meaning given to such term 
in clause 6.2 of the Receivables Purchase Agreement. 
"New Security Trustee" has the meaning given to that term in clause 8.4 (Authority to Collect; 
Assumptions of Obligations; Further Assignment) of the Trust Agreement. 
"Nominal Instrument Amount" means: 
(a) 
in respect of the Schuldschein Loans, the amount advanced for any Senior Schuldschein 
Loan or any Junior Schuldschein Loan, as applicable; and 
(b) 
in respect of the Notes, the amount issued for any Series of Class A Notes or any Series of 
Class B Notes, as applicable. 
"Non-Amortising Instrument" means, on any Payment Date, any Instrument which does not qualify 
as an Amortising Instrument. 
"Non-Conforming Receivable" means each Receivable in respect of which any representations and 
warranties set out in clause 11.1 (Warranties and Representations) of the Receivables Purchase 
Agreement proves to have been incorrect and has not been remedied by VWFS pursuant to the 
terms of clause 12 (Repurchase) of the Receivables Purchase Agreement. 
"Northern Irish Receivables" means all Purchased Receivables which are governed by or otherwise 
subject to Northern Irish law (including, without limitation, those arising under Financing Contracts in 
respect of which the address for invoicing of the relevant Obligor is situated in Northern Ireland) and 
all rights (other than Excluded Amounts) of the Seller under the Financing Contracts from which those 
Purchased Receivables are derived including (without limitation) all Ancillary Rights. 
"Noteholders" means the holders of the Notes. 
"Note Purchaser" means each purchaser of a particular Series of Notes under the Programme 
Agreement. 
"Notes" means the Initial Class A Notes, the Initial Class B Notes issued in registered form on the 
Initial Issue Date and any Further Notes. 
"Notes Conditions" means the terms and conditions of the relevant Class of Notes as set out in the 
Base Prospectus. 
"Notice of Sale" means a notice in writing regarding the sale of Receivables in the form set out in 
Schedule 1 (Form of Notice of Sale) to the Receivables Purchase Agreement 
"Notification Event" means the occurrence of any of the following events: 
(a) 
Non-Payment: VWFS or the guarantor fails to pay any amount due under any Transaction 
Documents within three Business Days after the earlier of its becoming aware of such default 
and its receipt of written notice by or on behalf of the Security Trustee requiring the same to 
be remedied; 
(b) 
Attachment: all or any part, whose aggregate value exceeds 10 (ten) per cent., of the value 
of any property, business, undertakings, assets or revenues of VWFS having been attached 
as a result of any distress, execution or diligence being levied or any encumbrance taking 
possession or similar attachment and such attachment has not been lifted within 30 days; 
(c) 
Insolvency Event: an Insolvency Event, in respect of VWFS or the Servicer; 
(d) 
Security Interest: VWFS creates or grants any Security Interest or permits any Security 
Interest to arise or purports to create or grant any Security Interest or purports to permit any 
Security Interest to arise (i) over or in relation to (1) any Purchased Receivable; (2) any right,

--- Page 312 ---
- 301 - 
 
 
title or interest or the Issuer in relation to a Purchased Receivable or the Collections; or (3) 
any proceeds of or sums received or payable in respect of a Purchased Receivable, in each 
case other than as permitted under the Transaction Documents; 
(e) 
Dispute: VWFS disputes, in any manner, the validity or efficacy of any sale and purchase 
of a Receivable under the Receivables Purchase Agreement and as a result, in the 
reasonable opinion of the Security Trustee, there is, or is likely to be, a Material Adverse 
Effect on the ability of VWFS to perform its obligations under the Transaction Documents or 
the enforceability, collectability or origination of the Purchased Receivables is or is likely to 
be materially prejudiced; 
(f) 
Illegality: it becomes impossible or unlawful for VWFS to continue its business and/or 
discharge its obligations as contemplated by the Transaction Documents and as a result, in 
the reasonable opinion of the Security Trustee, there is, or is likely to be, a Material Adverse 
Effect on the ability of VWFS to perform its obligations under the Transaction Documents or 
the enforceability, collectability or origination of the Purchased Receivables is or is likely to 
be materially prejudiced; 
(g) 
Failure to repurchase: VWFS fails to (i) repurchase a Non-Conforming Receivable having 
become obliged to do so pursuant to clause 11 (Repurchase) of the Receivables Purchase 
Agreement or (ii) pay any amount required pursuant to clause 11 (Repurchase) of the 
Receivables Purchase Agreement; and 
(h) 
Failure to perform: the Seller shall fail to perform or observe any material term, covenant 
or agreement under the Receivables Purchase Agreement applicable to it (other than as 
referred to in paragraphs (a) or (g) above) and such failure shall remain unremedied for 180 
days (or if such failure is not capable of remedy, in the Seller's sole discretion, 15 Business 
Days after receipt by the Seller of written notice from the Issuer or any Lender or Noteholder 
requiring the failure to be remedied (which Notification Event shall be deemed to occur only 
upon the last day of the relevant period)) and the Security Trustee certifies that in its 
reasonable opinion such failure is materially prejudicial to the Lenders and the Noteholders. 
"Notification Event Notice" means a notice to be given pursuant to clause 15 (Notification) of the 
Receivables Purchase Agreement in the form set out in Schedule 4 (Form of Notification Event 
Notice) of the Receivables Purchase Agreement. 
"NSS" means the new safekeeping structure. 
"Obligor" means, with respect to any Receivable, the person or persons obliged directly or indirectly 
to make payments in respect of such Receivable, including any person who has guaranteed the 
obligations in respect of such Receivable. 
"Observation Period" means the period from and including the date falling five London Banking 
Days prior to the first day of the relevant Interest Period and ending on, but excluding, the date falling 
five Business Days prior to the Payment Date for such Interest Period (or, if applicable, the date 
falling five Business Days prior to any other date on which a payment of interest is to be made in 
respect of the Instruments). 
"Offer Date" means the Initial Offer Date and each Additional Offer Date. 
"Order of Priority" means the order of priority according to which the payments of interest and 
principal to the Lenders and the Noteholders are distributed and other payments due and payable by 
the Issuer are made as more specifically described in clause 21.3 and clause 21.5 (Order of Priority) 
of the Trust Agreement. 
"Other Charged Contracts" means, other than the Charged Transaction Documents, each contract, 
agreement, deed and document, present and future, to which the Issuer is or becomes a party (other 
than the Deed of Charge and Assignment, the German Transaction Documents, the Luxembourg 
Transaction Documents, any Scottish Declaration of Trust and any Assignation in Security). 
"Parent" means either  
(a) 
Volkswagen Financial Services AG on the Closing Date, or subsequently

--- Page 313 ---
- 302 - 
 
 
(b) 
each company which holds directly at least 50% of the shares in the parent company of the 
Seller. 
"Payment Date" means the 25th calendar day of each month, or, in the event such day is not a 
Business Day, then the next following Business Day unless that day falls in the next calendar month, 
in which case the date will be the first preceding day that is a Business Day. 
"Payment Instruction" shall have the meaning given to that term in clause 6.3 (Operating/Release 
Procedure) of the Account Agreement. 
"Payment Services Regulations" means the Payment Services Regulations 2009 (as amended 
from time to time). 
"PCP Agreement" or "PCP" means each personal contract plan agreement entered into between an 
Obligor and VWFS in the form of standard business terms or otherwise pursuant to which VWFS has 
provided financing to an Obligor where the Final Rental Amount is substantially greater than the 
previous payments due under such contract and such Final Rental Amount is optional pursuant to 
the terms of such contract. 
"PCP Receivables" means the Purchased Receivables owing by the Obligors under the PCP 
Agreements. 
"PCP Recoveries" means, with respect to any calendar month, an amount equal to the aggregate 
of all amounts (other than scheduled payments) received during such month in respect of PCP 
Agreements with respect to which the related Vehicle was finally sold (whether to the user thereof or 
any other party), including the proceeds received during such month in respect of Vehicles sold 
pursuant to such PCP Agreements and the amounts received during such month in respect of excess 
mileage pursuant to such PCP Agreements. 
"PCP Return Balance" means the Discounted Receivables Balance of any Purchased Receivable 
which is subject to an RV Event. 
"Person" means an individual, partnership, corporation (including a business trust), unincorporated 
association, trust, joint stock company, limited liability company, joint venture or other entity, or a 
government or political subdivision, agency or instrumentality thereof. 
"Portfolio" means the portfolio of Receivables purchased by the Issuer pursuant to the Transaction. 
"Portfolio Decryption Key" means the portfolio decryption key for the decryption of the list of names 
and addresses of the respective Obligors for each contract number relating to a Financing Contract. 
"PRA" means the Prudential Regulation Authority of the UK. 
"Principal" means, in respect of a Receivable, each of the scheduled periodic payments of principal 
payable by the respective Obligor as provided for in accordance with the terms of the relevant 
Financing Contract, as may be modified from time to time to account e.g. for unscheduled 
prepayments by the Obligor. 
"Principal Paying Agent" means The Bank of New York Mellon, London Branch. 
"Programme" means the programme for the (i) disbursement of the Schuldschein Loans to the Issuer 
in an amount equal to the Programme Amount and (ii) issuance of the Notes by the Issuer in an 
amount equal to the Programme Amount. 
"Programme Agreement" means the programme agreement dated on or about 27 November 2023 
and entered into between, amongst others, the Issuer, the Seller, the Lenders, the Note Purchasers, 
the Lead Manager and the Security Trustee in relation to the Schuldschein Loans and the Notes, as 
amended and restated from time to time. 
"Programme Amount" means GBP 7,000,000,000. 
"Prospectus Regulation" means Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 on the prospectus to be published 
when securities are offered to the public or admitted to trading on a regulated market, and repealing 
Directive 2003/71/EC. 
"Purchase Date" means Closing Date or an Additional Purchase Date, as applicable.

--- Page 314 ---
- 303 - 
 
 
"Purchased Receivable Records" means the original and/or any copies of the Financing Contracts 
and all documents, books, records and information, in whatever form or medium, relating to the 
Financing Contracts, including all computer tapes and discs specifying, among other things, Obligor 
details, the amount and dates on which payments are due and are paid under the Financing 
Contracts, which are from time to time maintained by the Servicer or the Seller with respect to the 
Purchased Receivables and/or the related Obligors. 
"Purchased Receivables" means the Initial Receivables and the Additional Receivables. 
"Purchaser" means the Issuer. 
"Rating Agencies" means Fitch and S&P Global. 
"Receivable" means any amount (other than Excluded Amounts) owing by an Obligor to the Seller 
under a Financing Contract and sold to the Issuer by VWFS, including, for the avoidance of doubt 
but without limitation, the Ancillary Rights relating to such Receivable. 
"Receivables Purchase Agreement" means the receivables purchase agreement entered into 
between the Issuer, the Seller and the Security Trustee dated on or about 27 November 2023, as 
amended and restated from time to time. 
"Receiver" or "receiver" means any receiver or administrative receiver or any analogous officer in 
any jurisdiction (who in the case of an administrative receiver is a qualified person in accordance with 
the Insolvency Act) and who is appointed by the Security Trustee under the Deed of Charge and 
Assignment in respect of the security and includes more than one such receiver and any substituted 
receiver. 
"Redeemable Amount" means, with respect to each outstanding Note of any Class and 
Schuldschein Loan and the Payment Date on which Receivables are sold pursuant to clause 12 
(Sale of Receivables to Other Secured Vehicles) of the Receivables Purchase Agreement, an 
amount determined as the quotient of (A) the Aggregate Redeemable Amount, divided by (B) the 
number of Notes of such Class and Schuldschein Loans then outstanding. 
"Redelivery Financing Contract" means a Redelivery PCP Financing Contract or a Redelivery VT 
Financing Contract, as applicable. 
"Redelivery PCP Financing Contract" means a PCP Agreement under which the Obligor opts to 
make full and final settlement of a PCP Agreement by redelivery to the Seller of the Vehicle financed 
by such PCP Agreement. 
"Redelivery Purchased Receivable" means a Purchased Receivable, in respect of which the 
related Financing Contract is a Redelivery Financing Contract. 
"Redelivery Repurchase Agreement" means the Redelivery Repurchase Agreement between 
VWFS, the Issuer and the Security Trustee dated 27 November 2023. 
"Redelivery Repurchase Date" means the Payment Date on which a Redelivery Purchased 
Receivable is repurchased by VWFS pursuant to the terms of the Redelivery Repurchase 
Agreement. 
"Redelivery Repurchase Price" means an amount equal to (i) the outstanding principal balance of 
a Redelivery Purchased Receivable as at the first day of the Monthly Period in which such Purchased 
Receivable becomes a Redelivery Purchased Receivable together with any arrears outstanding on 
such date but excluding any future interest payments (calculated on the basis of the Obligor internal 
rate of return) multiplied by (ii) one (1) minus the Replenished Receivables Overcollateralisation 
Percentage.  
"Redelivery VT Financing Contract" means a Regulated Financing Contract which is subject to 
Voluntary Termination. 
"Register" means the register kept and maintained by the Registrar on which the names and account 
details of (i) the Lenders and the particulars of the Schuldschein Loans granted by such Lenders and 
(ii) the Noteholders and the particulars of the Notes held by such Noteholders and all transfers and 
payments (of interest and principal) of such Notes will be entered.

--- Page 315 ---
- 304 - 
 
 
"Registered Holder" means in the case of the Class A Notes the nominee of the Common 
Safekeeper in whose name the relevant Global Note has been registered or, in the case of the Class 
B Notes the nominee of the Common Depositary in whose name the relevant Global Note has been 
registered. 
"Registered Notes" means the Class A Notes and the Class B Notes, issued in registered form 
under the new safekeeping structure and in the form of a classic global note, respectively. 
"Registrar" means The Bank of New Yor Mellon SA/NV, Luxembourg Branch. 
"Regulated Financing Contracts" means the Financing Contracts which are regulated by the CCA. 
"Regulation S" means Regulation S under the Securities Act, as amended from time to time. 
"Relevant Clearing System" means either Clearstream Luxembourg or Euroclear and "Relevant 
Clearing Systems" means both Clearstream Luxembourg and Euroclear collectively. 
"Relevant Controller" means VWFS until the first to occur of (i) the Servicer Termination Date or (ii) 
the service of a Notification Event Notice on the Obligors and thereafter the Issuer. 
"Relevant Information" means any information relating to the transaction (or any individual item 
comprised therein) that is likely to have a material impact on the value or price of all or certain of the 
Notes and which is not already publicly available information. 
"Replenished Additional Discounted Receivables Balance" means on any Additional Purchase 
Date, the lesser of (i) the Senior Instrument Accumulation Amount and the Junior Instrument  
Accumulation Amount, as the case may be, each divided by one (1) minus the Replenished 
Receivables Overcollateralisation Percentage, all as determined with respect to such Additional 
Purchase Date or (ii), only on each Additional Purchase Date on which no Further Instruments will 
be drawn or issued, an amount equal to the sum of the discounted Additional Receivables that are 
available to be purchased on such Additional Purchase Date. 
"Replenished Receivables Overcollateralisation Percentage" means 3.327 per cent. 
"Repurchase Date" means any date on which Receivables are repurchased by VWFS following 
retransfer of a Non-Conforming Receivable pursuant to the terms of the Receivables Purchase 
Agreement. 
"Repurchased Receivable" shall have the meaning given to that term in clause 11.5 (Repurchase) 
of the Receivables Purchase Agreement.  
"Repurchase Notice" shall have the meaning given to that term in clause 11.2 (Repurchase) of the 
Receivables Purchase Agreement.  
"Retained Profit Amount" means, subject to and in accordance with the relevant Order of Priority, 
a profit for the Issuer of GBP 10 payable on each Payment Date. 
"Retained Profit Ledger" means the ledger maintained on the Cash Collateral Account. Amounts 
standing to the credit of the Retained Profit Ledger shall not form part of the General Cash Collateral 
Amount. The Retained Profit Ledger will on each Payment Date, be credited with the Retained Profit 
Amount. 
"Revolving Period" means the period from (and including) the Initial Issue Date and ending on (and 
including) the earlier of (i) the Instrument Revolving Period Expiration Date of the last outstanding 
Instrument and (ii) the occurrence of an Early Amortisation Event.  
"Rules" shall have the meaning given to that term in clause 12.3 (Miscellaneous) of the Agency 
Agreement.  
"RV Event" means that a PCP Agreement matures and the relevant Vehicle is returned to VWFS for 
sale. 
"Scheduled Repayment Date" means: 
(a) 
for each Notes, the date specified as such in the relevant Final Terms which shall in any 
event be a Payment Date; and

--- Page 316 ---
- 305 - 
 
 
(b) 
for each Schuldschein Loan, the date specified as such in the respective Schuldschein 
(Certificate of Indebtedness). 
"Schuldschein" means the certificate evidencing a Schuldschein Loan. 
"Schuldschein Loans" means the Senior Schuldschein Loans and the Junior Schuldschein Loans 
and "Schuldschein Loan" means any of them. 
"Scottish Declaration of Trust" means a declaration of trust, substantially in the form of either Part 
A or Part B of Schedule 5 (Form of Scottish Declaration of Trust) to the Receivables Purchase 
Agreement entered into by VWFS in favour of the Purchaser pursuant to the terms of the Receivables 
Purchase Agreement. 
"Scottish Receivables" means all Purchased Receivables which are governed by or otherwise 
subject to Scots law (including, without limitation, those arising under Financing Contracts in respect 
of which the address for invoicing of the relevant Obligor is situated in Scotland) and all rights (other 
than Excluded Amounts) of the Seller under the Financing Contracts from which those Purchased 
Receivables are derived including (without limitation) all Ancillary Rights. 
"Scottish Trust" means the trust in respect of Scottish Receivables constituted pursuant to any 
Scottish Declaration of Trust.  
"Scottish Trust Property" means the Scottish Receivables, the Vehicles relating to such Scottish 
Receivables and all Collections received in respect of such Scottish Receivables, together with all 
Ancillary Rights, funds, property, interest, right, title and proceeds, deriving from or relating to such 
Scottish Receivables (other than Excluded Amounts) held in trust pursuant to a Scottish Declaration 
of Trust. 
"Screen" means Reuters Screen SONIA; or 
(a) 
such other page as may replace Reuters Screen SONIA on that service for the purpose of 
displaying such information; or 
(b) 
if that service ceases to display such information, such page as displays such information 
on such service (or, if more than one, that one previously selected by the Issuer) as may 
replace such screen; 
"Secured Obligations" means all present and future duties and liabilities of the Issuer which the 
Issuer has covenanted with the Security Trustee to pay to the Lenders and the other Transaction 
Creditors pursuant to clause 4.2 (Position of the Security Trustee in relation to the Issuer) of the Trust 
Agreement. 
"Securities Act" means the U.S. Securities Act of 1933, as amended from time to time. 
"Securitisation Regulation" means the EU Securitisation Regulation and the UK Securitisation 
Regulation. 
"Securitisation Regulation Disclosure Requirements” means the Securitisation Regulation (EU) 
Disclosure Requirements and the Securitisation Regulation (UK) Disclosure Requirements. 
"Securitisation Regulation (EU) Disclosure Requirements" means the disclosure requirements 
set out in Article 7 of the EU Securitisation Regulation and Commission Delegated Regulation (EU) 
2020/1224. 
"Securitisation Regulation (UK) Disclosure Requirements" means the disclosure requirements 
set out in Article 7 of the UK Securitisation Regulation including (for the avoidance of doubt) the 
Technical Standards (Specifying the Information and the Details of a Securitisation to be made 
available by the Originator, Sponsor and SSPE) (EU Exit) Instrument 2020. 
"Security" means all the Adverse Claims from time to time created by the Issuer in favour of the 
Security Trustee (and also for the benefit of the Transaction Creditors) pursuant to the provisions of 
the Deed of Charge and Assignment, any Assignation in Security and Assignment and the Trust 
Agreement.

--- Page 317 ---
- 306 - 
 
 
"Security Documents" means the Trust Agreement, the Deed of Charge and Assignment and any 
Assignation in Security and any other security documents executed pursuant to the Deed of Charge 
and Assignment collectively. 
"Security Interest" means any mortgage, charge, assignment or assignation by way of security, lien, 
pledge, hypothec, counterclaim or right of set-off (or other analogous rights), options, rights to 
acquire, retention of title, flawed asset or blocked-deposit arrangement, right of recession, defence 
or any other encumbrance or security interest or security arrangement whatsoever created or arising 
under any relevant law or any agreement or arrangement having the effect of or performing the 
economic function of conferring security howsoever created or arising. 
"Security Protection Notice" shall have the meaning given to that term in clause 5.1 (Crystallisation 
by notice) of the Deed of Charge and Assignment. 
"Security Trustee" means Intertrust Trustees GmbH, Eschersheimer Landstraße 14, 60322 
Frankfurt am Main, Germany. 
"Security Trustee Replacement Cost" shall have the meaning given to that term in clause 30.5 
(Termination by the Security Trustee for Good Cause) of the Trust Agreement.  
"Seller" means Volkswagen Financial Services (UK) Limited. 
"Series" means in respect of the Notes, any series of Class A Notes or Class B Notes issued on a 
given Issue Date. 
"Series of Class A Notes" means any series of Class A Notes issued by the Issuer on the Initial 
Issue Date or any Further Issue Date. 
"Series of Class B Notes" means any series of Class B Notes issued by the Issuer on the Initial 
Issue Date or any Further Issue Date. 
"Series of Notes" means in respect of the Notes, each series issued on a given Issue Date. 
"Senior Instruments" means the Class A Notes and the Senior Schuldschein Loans, collectively. 
"Senior Instrument Accumulation Amount" means, on any Payment Date during the Revolving 
Period, an amount not less than zero equal to the lesser of (a) the Senior Instrument Principal 
Payment Amount and (b) (i) the Senior Instrument Available Redemption Collections minus (ii) the 
sum of the Senior Instrument Amortisation Amount to be paid with respect to the Senior Instruments 
on such Payment Date. 
"Senior Instrument Actual Overcollateralisation Percentage" means, with respect to any 
Payment Date, one (1) minus the quotient of (a) the nominal amount of all outstanding Senior 
Instruments divided by (b) the sum of (i) the Aggregate Discounted Receivables Balance and (ii) any 
amounts standing to the credit of the Accumulation Account, in each case of (a) and (b) as 
determined immediately as of the end of the Monthly Period. 
"Senior Instrument Aggregate Discounted Receivables Balance Increase Amount" means in 
respect of a Payment Date the amount necessary to increase the Aggregate Discounted Receivables 
Balance as of the end of the Monthly Period to the Senior Instrument Targeted Aggregate Discounted 
Receivables Balance. 
"Senior Instrument Amortisation Amount" means, for any Senior Instrument, an amount 
calculated as follows: 
(a)  
if on the relevant Payment Date all of the outstanding Senior Instruments are Non-
Amortising Instruments, zero; or 
(b) 
where on the relevant Payment Date some of the outstanding Senior Instruments but not all 
Senior Instruments are Amortising Instruments, then for any Senior Instrument which on the 
relevant Payment Date qualifies as an Amortising Instrument for the first time (such Payment 
Date with respect to such Senior Instrument referred to as the "Senior Instrument 
Amortisation Date"), the Senior Instrument Amortisation Amount applicable to such Senior 
Instrument with respect to all Payment Dates following such qualification shall be determined 
as the lesser of (i) the principal amount outstanding of such Senior Instrument and (ii) the 
product of (1) the positive difference between (A) the Senior Instrument Available

--- Page 318 ---
- 307 - 
 
 
Redemption Collections and (B) the sum of the Senior Instrument Amortisation Amounts in 
respect of the other Amortising Instruments with an earlier Senior Instrument Amortisation 
Date and (2) the Amortisation Factor applicable to such Amortising Instruments; or 
(c) 
if on the relevant Payment Date all Senior Instruments are Amortising Instruments, the 
Senior Instrument Amortisation Amount for any Senior Instrument will be determined as the 
product of (i) the Senior Instrument Principal Payment Amount multiplied by (ii) the ratio of 
the principal amount outstanding of the relevant Senior Instruments which are Amortising 
Instruments on such Payment Date as numerator and the sum of the principal amount 
outstanding of all Senior Instruments on such Payment Date as denominator. 
"Senior Instrument Available Redemption Collections" means an amount equal to the Available 
Distribution Amount less any amounts due and payable on the relevant Payment Date under items 
first through eighth of the Order of Priority set out in clause 21.3 (Order of Priority) of the Trust 
Agreement. 
"Senior Instrument Cash Component" shall be equal to the Senior Instrument Aggregate 
Discounted Receivables Balance Increase Amount multiplied by one minus the Replenished 
Receivables Overcollateralisation Percentage. 
"Senior Instrument Increase Amount" means, with respect to the Closing Date and any Further 
Issue Date an amount equal to the product of 70.88 per cent. and the Further Discounted Receivables 
Balance rounded down to the nearest GBP 100,000.  
"Senior Instrument Interest Rate" shall have the meaning ascribed to such term in Notes Condition 
7(c) (Payments of Interest) of the Class A Notes or shall have the meaning ascribed to such term in 
Loan Condition 4.3 (Interest) of the Senior Schuldschein Loans, as applicable: 
"Senior Instrument Margin" means: 
(a) 
in respect of the Class A Notes, the margin specified under item 6 in the Final Terms of the 
relevant Series of Notes; and 
(b) 
in respect of the Senior Schuldschein Loans, the margin specified in Loan Condition 4.3 of 
the Senior Schuldschein Loans.the margin specified in Loan Condition 4.3 of the Senior 
Schuldschein Loans. 
"Senior Instrument Principal Payment Amount" means: 
(a) 
during the Revolving Period, an aggregate amount equal to the Senior Instrument Cash 
Component; 
(b) 
after the end of the Revolving Period, an aggregate amount for any Payment Date which is 
equal to the amount necessary to reduce the outstanding principal amount of the Senior 
Instruments to the Senior Instrument Targeted Balance. 
"Senior Instrument Targeted Aggregate Discounted Receivables Balance" means (i) the 
remaining balance of all Senior Instruments after application of any Senior Instrument Amortisation 
Amount to the Amortising Instruments divided by (ii) 100% minus the Senior Instrument Targeted 
Overcollateralisation Percentage. 
"Senior Instrument Targeted Balance" means for each Senior Instrument: 
(a) if the Aggregate Discounted Receivables Balance as of the end of the Monthly Period is less 
than 10 per cent. of the Maximum Discounted Receivables Balance, zero; otherwise 
(b) the excess of the sum of: 
(i) the Aggregate Discounted Receivables Balance as of the end of the Monthly Period; 
plus 
(ii) after expiration of the Revolving Period, the amounts standing to the credit of the 
Accumulation Account at the end of the respective Monthly Period,

--- Page 319 ---
- 308 - 
 
 
over the Senior Instrument Targeted Overcollateralisation Amount. 
"Senior Instrument Targeted Overcollateralisation Amount" means, on each Payment Date the 
Senior Instrument Targeted Overcollateralisation Percentage multiplied by the sum of: 
(a) the Aggregate Discounted Receivables Balance; and 
(b) the amounts standing to the credit of the Accumulation Account,  
in each case as of the end of the Monthly Period.  
"Senior Instrument Targeted Overcollateralisation Percentage" means: 
(a) 
31.12 per cent. during the Revolving Period until a Credit Enhancement Increase Condition 
shall be in effect; 
(b) 
33.12 per cent. after expiration of the Revolving Period until the Credit Enhancement 
Increase Condition is in effect; and 
(c) 
100 per cent. until the Final Maturity Date once the Credit Enhancement Increase Condition 
has occurred. 
"Senior Schuldschein Loans" means all Senior Schuldschein Loans including the Initial Senior 
Loans, any Senior Schuldschein Loan advanced since the Initial Issue Date and any Senior 
Schuldschein Loan advanced on any Further Issue Date, collectively. 
"Servicer" means VWFS unless the engagement of VWFS as servicer of the Issuer is terminated in 
which case Servicer shall mean the replacement Servicer (if any).  
"Servicer Fee" means on any Payment Date, an amount equal to one per cent. per annum 
(calculated on the basis of a 365 day year for days actually elapsed) of the Discounted Receivables 
Balance for such Payment Date. 
"Servicer Records" means the original and/or any copies of all documents and records, in whatever 
form or medium, relating to the Services including all computer tapes, files and discs relating to the 
Services. 
"Servicer Replacement Event" means the occurrence of any event described in paragraphs (a) to 
(e) below:  
(a) 
the Servicer fails to make any payment or deposit to be made by it to the Distribution Account 
and such failure to pay has not been remedied within five (5) Business Days after the earliest 
of (i) receipt by the Servicer of a written notice from the Issuer or any Lender or Noteholder 
or (ii) the Servicer becoming aware of such failure to pay; 
(b) 
the Servicer fails to perform or observe in any material respect any material term, covenant 
or agreement hereunder applicable to it (other than as referred to in paragraph (a) above) 
and such failure shall remain unremedied for sixty (60) days (or if such failure is not capable 
of remedy, in the Servicer's sole discretion, five Business Days) after receipt by the Servicer 
of written notice from the Issuer or any Lender or Noteholder requiring the failure to be 
remedied, (which Servicer Replacement Event shall be deemed to occur only upon the last 
day of the relevant period); 
(c) 
any material written representation or warranty made by the Servicer in its capacity as such 
in the Servicing Agreement or any of the Transaction Documents proves to have been 
incorrect, in any material respect, when made or deemed to be made by reference to the 
facts and circumstances then subsisting (provided, that repurchase or exchange of a 
Receivable by VWFS in accordance with the Receivables Purchase Agreement shall be 
deemed to remedy such circumstances with respect to such Receivable), and such incorrect 
representation or warranty shall remain unremedied for sixty (60) days (or, if such failure is 
not capable of remedy, in the Servicer's sole discretion, five Business Days) after receipt by 
the Servicer of written notice from the Issuer or any Lender or Noteholder requiring the 
circumstances causing or responsible for such misrepresentation to be remedied (which

--- Page 320 ---
- 309 - 
 
 
Servicer Replacement Event shall be deemed to occur only upon the last day of the relevant 
period); 
(d) 
the Servicer becomes subject to an Insolvency Event; or 
(e) 
the Servicer fails to renew, or suffers the revocation of, the necessary permissions pursuant 
to the Financial Services and Markets Act 2000 or licences to conduct its business under 
the Data Protection Rules, and such authorisations or licences are not replaced or reinstated 
within sixty days,  
provided, however, that if a Servicer Replacement Event referred to under paragraph (a) to (c) above 
has occurred and was caused by an event beyond the reasonable control of the Servicer and if the 
respective delay or failure of performance is cured within a period of 150 days from the date on which 
the original failure to make payment, breach of term, covenant or agreement or breach of 
representation or warranty referred to under paragraph (a) to (c) occurred, a Servicer Replacement 
Event will be deemed not to have occurred. 
"Servicer Report" means the report so named prepared by the Servicer in accordance with the 
Servicing Agreement. 
"Servicer Report Performance Date" means the second Business Day prior to each Payment Date. 
"Servicer Termination Date" means the date specified by the Issuer and/or the Security Trustee in 
the Servicer Termination Notice. 
"Servicer Termination Notice" means the notice given by the Issuer and by the Security Trustee to 
the Servicer pursuant to clause 6.1 (Servicer Replacement and Termination) of the Servicing 
Agreement. 
"Services" means the services to be provided by the Servicer as set out in the Servicing Agreement. 
"Servicing Agreement" means the servicing agreement between the Servicer, the Issuer and the 
Security Trustee dated on or about 27 November 2023, as amended from time to time. 
"Settlement Amount" means the amount payable by VWFS to the Issuer pursuant to clause 11.2 
(Repurchase) or clause 11 (Repurchase for non-existent Receivables) of the Receivables Purchase 
Agreement, clause 3 (Redelivery Repurchase Price) of the Redelivery Repurchase Agreement and 
(when applicable), following the exercise of the Clean-Up Call Option, includes the Clean-Up Call 
Option Settlement Amount. 
"SFTR" means the European Regulation 2015/2365 of 25 November 2015, known as the Securities 
Financing Transactions Regulation and any implementing laws or regulations in force in the United 
Kingdom in relation to the Securities Financing Transactions Regulation or amending the Securities 
Financing Transactions Regulation as it applies in the United Kingdom (together with applicable 
directions, secondary legislation, guidance, regulatory technical standards, implementing technical 
standards and related documents published by the FCA and the PRA of the United Kingdom). 
"Shortfall" has the meaning as set forth in clause 6.3 (Duties of the Principal Paying Agent, Cash 
Administrator and Interest Determination Agent) of the Agency Agreement. 
"Solvency II Regulation" means the EU Solvency II Regulation and the UK Solvency II Regulation. 
"SONIA" means the Sterling Overnight Index Average. 
"SONIA Administrator" means the Bank of England. 
"SONIA Reference Rate" means, in respect of any London Banking Day, a reference rate equal to 
the daily SONIA rate for such London Banking Day as provided by the SONIA Administrator to 
authorised distributors and as then published on the Screen or, if the Screen is unavailable, as 
otherwise published by such authorised distributors (on the London Banking Day immediately 
following such London Banking Day). 
"Specified General Cash Collateral Account Balance" means, on each Payment Date, the greater 
of (a) 1.45 per cent. of the aggregate nominal amount of the Instruments outstanding as at the end

--- Page 321 ---
- 310 - 
 
 
of the Monthly Period and (b) the lesser of (i) 0.60 per cent. of the Maximum Discounted Receivables 
Balance, and (ii) the aggregate nominal amount of the Instruments outstanding as of the end of the 
Monthly Period. 
"Subordinated Lender" means the subordinated lender under the Subordinated Loan Agreement, 
being Volkswagen Financial Services (UK) Limited. 
"Subordinated Loan" means the loan received (or to be received) by the Issuer under the 
Subordinated Loan Agreement. 
"Subordinated Loan Agreement" means the subordinated loan agreement dated on or about 27 
November 2023, as amended from time to time, and entered into by, amongst others, the Issuer, the 
Subordinated Lender and the Security Trustee, under which the Subordinated Lender will advance 
(or has advanced) the Subordinated Loan to the Issuer. 
"Subordinated Loan Amount" means GBP 635,120,529.50 on the Initial Issue Date in respect of 
the acquisition of the Initial Receivables and the maximum Subordinated Loan Amount will be up to 
GBP 750,000,000. 
"Subordinated Loan Advance Notice" shall have the meaning assigned to such term in clause 2.3 
(The Subordinated Loan) of the Subordinated Loan Agreement. 
"Subordinated Loan Balance" means the amount drawn and outstanding under the Subordinated 
Loan on the relevant Payment Date. 
"Subordinated Loan Increase Amount" means, with respect to any Further Issue Date, an amount 
equal to the difference of (a) the Further Discounted Receivables Balance less (b) the sum of the 
Senior Instrument Increase Amount and the Junior Instrument Increase Amount and less (c) the 
Further Receivables Overcollateralisation Amount, all such amounts as of such Further Issue Date. 
"Successor Bank" means the successor account bank determined in accordance with the Account 
Agreement. 
"Supplemental Servicer Fee" means any and all amounts charged to or payable by an Obligor 
under or in respect of a Financing Contract in respect of (a) charges payable as a result of a late 
payment of a Receivable owing under such Financing Contract, (b) fees for any extension of the term 
of that Financing Contract, and (c) any other administrative fees payable under that Financing 
Contract. 
"Swap Agreement" means (i) the relevant interest rate swap agreement between the Issuer and the 
Swap Counterparty in respect of the respective Instrument pursuant to the 2002 ISDA Master 
Agreement, as applicable, (ii) the associated schedule, (iii) the credit support annex and (iv) a 
confirmation dated on or about the Closing Date or any amendments thereto to swap a floating 
interest rate under such Instrument against a fixed rate. 
"Swap Counterparty" means the counterparty to the respective Swap Agreement. 
"Swap Replacement Proceeds" means any amounts received from a replacement Swap 
Counterparty in consideration for entering into a replacement Swap Agreement for a terminated 
Swap Agreement. 
"Swap Tax Credit" means any amounts relating to tax credits payable by the Issuer to the Swap 
Counterparty pursuant to the provisions of any Swap Agreement; 
"Swap Termination Payment" means the payment due to the Swap Counterparty by the Issuer or 
to the Issuer by the Swap Counterparty, including interest that may accrue thereon, under the Swap 
Agreements due to a termination of any Swap Agreement due to an "event of default" or "termination 
event" under that Swap Agreement. 
"S&P" means S&P Global Ratings Europe Limited and any successor to the debt rating business 
thereof. 
"S&P Collateral Framework Option" shall have the meaning given to it in the relevant Swap 
Agreements.

--- Page 322 ---
- 311 - 
 
 
"Targeted Aggregate Discounted Receivables Balance" means the division of (i) the aggregate 
nominal amount of the Senior Schuldschein Loans at the end of the Monthly Period by (ii) the sum 
of (a) 1 minus the Senior Instrument Targeted Overcollateralisation Percentage and (b) the Junior 
Instrument Targeted Overcollateralisation Percentage plus the Senior Instrument Targeted 
Overcollateralisation Percentage. 
"Targeted Delinquent Receivables Junior Instrument Balance" means the Discounted 
Receivables Balance of Delinquent Receivables not sold pursuant to clause 14 (Sale of Receivables 
to other Secured Vehicles) of the Receivables Purchase Agreement on the respective Payment Date 
multiplied by 9 per cent. 
"Targeted Delinquent Receivables Senior Instrument Balance" means the Discounted 
Receivables Balance of Delinquent Receivables not sold pursuant to clause 14 (Sale of Receivables 
to other Secured Vehicles) of the Receivables Purchase Agreement on the respective Payment Date 
multiplied by 30 per cent. 
"Targeted Non-Delinquent Receivables Junior Instrument Balance" means the product of (i) the 
sum of (A) the Discounted Receivables Balance of Receivables that are not Delinquent Receivables 
and that are not sold pursuant to clause 14 (Sale of Receivables to other Secured Vehicles) of the 
Receivables Purchase Agreement on the respective Payment Date and (B) the Replenished 
Additional Discounted Receivables Balance on the respective Payment Date, and (ii) 10.80 per cent. 
"Targeted Non-Delinquent Receivables Senior Instrument Balance" means the product of (i) the 
sum of (A) the Discounted Receivables Balance of Receivables that are not Delinquent Receivables 
and that are not sold pursuant to clause 14 (Sale of Receivables to other Secured Vehicles) of the 
Receivables Purchase Agreement on the respective Payment Date and (B) the Replenished 
Additional Discounted Receivables Balance on the respective Payment Date, and (ii) 70.88 per cent. 
"Targeted Remaining Junior Instrument Balance" means the sum of (i) the Targeted Non-
Delinquent Receivables Junior Instrument Balance and (ii) the Targeted Delinquent Receivables 
Junior Instrument Balance. 
"Targeted Remaining Senior Instrument Balance" means the sum of (i) the Targeted Non-
Delinquent Receivables Senior Instrument Balance and (ii) the Targeted Delinquent Receivables 
Senior Instrument Balance. 
"Taxes" means any present or future taxes, levies, duties, charges, fees, deductions or withholdings 
of any nature whatsoever (and whatever called) imposed, assessed or levied by any competent fiscal 
authority having power to tax, and shall include any interest or penalties which may attach as a 
consequence of failure to pay on the due date and/or non-payment, and "Tax", "Taxation", "taxes", 
"tax" and similar words shall be construed accordingly. 
"Tax Information Arrangement" means any governmental or inter-governmental arrangement, or 
other arrangement between competent authorities, for the cross-border exchange of Tax information 
applicable in any jurisdiction (or any treaty, law, regulation, or official guidance enacted, issued or 
amended in any jurisdiction which facilitates the implementation of such arrangement) including 
(without limitation) FATCA, the OECD global standard for automatic and multilateral exchange of 
financial information between tax authorities (also known as the "Common Reporting Standard"), 
any arrangement analogous to FATCA, and any bilateral or multilateral tax information arrangement. 
"Tax Deduction" means a deduction or withholding for or on account of Tax from a payment under 
a Transaction Document or an Instrument, other than a FATCA Deduction. 
"Term Takeout" means any disposal of any or all Purchased Receivables by the Issuer, directly or 
indirectly, to a company that issues asset backed securities secured by Receivables or other assets 
originated or acquired by a member of Volkswagen Group in connection with term issuances of debt 
instruments of such separate company. 
"Term Takeout Receivables" shall have the meaning assigned to such term in clause 12.1 (Sale of 
Receivables to other Secured Vehicles) of the Receivables Purchase Agreement.

--- Page 323 ---
- 312 - 
 
 
"Terminated Receivable" means any Purchased Receivable where: 
(a) 
the Obligor related to such Purchased Receivable has elected to exercise its right to return 
such Vehicle and terminate the Financing Contract to which such Purchased Receivable 
relates under the Consumer Credit Act 1974; or 
(b) 
any Receivable which has been "Hostile Terminated" in accordance with the Servicer's 
Customary Operating Practices; or  
(c) 
any Receivable that has been subject to a RV Event. 
"Transaction" means the Transaction Documents, together with all agreements and documents 
executed in connection with the disbursement of the Senior Schuldschein Loans and the Junior 
Schuldschein Loans and the issuance of the Notes, the performance thereof and all other acts, 
undertakings and activities connected therewith. 
"Transaction Creditors" means the Lenders, the Noteholders, the Note Purchasers, the Security 
Trustee, any Receiver, VWFS in its capacity as Seller, the Servicer, the Subordinated Lender, the 
Principal Paying Agent, the Swap Counterparties, the Cash Administrator, the Interest Determination 
Agent, the Lead Manager, the Account Bank, the Arranger and the Corporate Services Provider. 
"Transaction Documents" means the English Transaction Documents, the German Transaction 
Documents, the Luxembourg Transaction Documents, any Scottish Declaration of Trust and any 
Assignation in Security and any further documents entered into pursuant to any of them. 
"Transaction Parties" means all transaction parties to the Transaction Documents. 
"Transferee" means, in respect of a Term Takeout, a member of Volkswagen Group or a 
securitisation vehicle nominated by the Seller.  
"Transfer Period" has the meaning given to that term in clause 6.17 (Servicer Replacement and 
Termination) of the Servicing Agreement. 
"Trust Agreement" means the trust agreement dated on or about 27 November 2023 and entered 
into by, amongst others, the Issuer and the Security Trustee as amended and restated from time to 
time. 
"Trustee Claim" shall have the meaning given to that term in clause 4.2 (Position of the Security 
Trustee in relation to the Issuer) of the Trust Agreement. 
"T2 System" means the real time gross settlement system operated by the Eurosystem, or any 
successor system. 
"UCPD" means the Unfair Commercial Practices Directive No 2005/29. 
"UK" or the "United Kingdom" means the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Northern Ireland. 
"UK AIFM Regulation" means Regulation (EU) No 231/2013 of 19 December 2012, as it forms part 
of domestic law of the United Kingdom by virtue of the EUWA and any implementing laws or 
regulations in force in the United Kingdom in relation to the EU AIFM Regulation or amending the EU 
AIFM Regulation as it applies in the United Kingdom (together with applicable directions, secondary 
legislation, guidance, regulatory technical standards, implementing technical standards and related 
documents published by the FCA and the PRA of the United Kingdom). 
"UK CRR" means Regulation (EU) 575/2013 of the European Parliament and of the Council of 26 
June 2013 on prudential requirements for credit institutions and investment firms, and amending 
Regulation (EU) No 648/2012, as amended, as it forms part of domestic law of the United Kingdom 
by virtue of the EUWA and any implementing laws or regulations in force in the United Kingdom in 
relation to EU CRR or amending EU CRR as applies in the United Kingdom (together with applicable 
directions, secondary legislation, guidance, regulatory technical standards, implementing technical 
standards and related documents published by the FCA and the PRA of the United Kingdom). 
"UK General Data Protection Regulation" means Regulation (EU) 2016/679 of 27 April 2016 as it 
forms part of domestic law of the United Kingdom by virtue of the EUWA and any implementing laws

--- Page 324 ---
- 313 - 
 
 
or regulations in force in the United Kingdom in relation to EU General Data Protection Regulation or 
amending EU General Data Protection Regulation as it applies in the United Kingdom (together with 
applicable directions, secondary legislation, guidance, regulatory technical standards, implementing 
technical standards and related documents published by the FCA and the PRA of the United 
Kingdom). 
"UK Securitisation Regulation" means Regulation (EU) No 2017/2402 dated 12 December 2017, 
as it forms part of domestic law of the United Kingdom by virtue of the EUWA, and any implementing 
laws or regulations in force in the United Kingdom in relation to the EU Securitisation Regulation or 
amending the EU Securitisation Regulation as it applies in the United Kingdom (together with 
applicable directions, secondary legislation, guidance, binding technical standards and related 
documents published by the FCA and the PRA of the United Kingdom). 
"UK Solvency II Regulation" means Regulation (EU) 2015/35 of 10 October 2014 on the taking up 
and pursuit of the business of insurance and reinsurance as it forms part of domestic law of the 
United Kingdom by virtue of the EUWA and any implementing laws or regulations in force in the 
United Kingdom in relation to the EU Solvency II Regulation or amending the EU Solvency II 
Regulation as it applies in the United Kingdom (together with applicable directions, secondary 
legislation, guidance, regulatory technical standards, implementing technical standards and related 
documents published by the FCA and the PRA of the United Kingdom). 
"United States" or "U.S." means, for the purpose of issue of the Notes and the Transaction 
Documents, the United States of America (including the States thereof and the District of Columbia) 
and its possessions (including Puerto Rico, the U.S. Virgin Islands, Guam, American Samoa, Wake 
Island and the Northern Mariana Islands). 
"U.S. Person" means a U.S. person within the meaning of Regulation S and the U.S. Risk Retention 
Rules (as applicable). 
"U.S. Risk Retention Rules" means Regulation RR (17 C.F.R Part 246) implementing the risk 
retention requirements of Section 15G of the U.S. Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, 
adopted pursuant to the requirements of Section 941 of the Dodd-Frank Wall Street Reform and 
Consumer Protection Act. 
"UTCC Regulations" means the Unfair Terms in Consumer Contracts Regulations 1999. 
"Value Added Tax" (or "VAT") means, and shall be construed as, a reference to value added tax 
including any similar tax which may be imposed in place thereof from time to time. 
"VAT Component" means the notional amount of each payment made by an Obligor under a 
Financing Contract in respect of a Purchased Receivable which constitutes VAT thereof. 
"Vehicle" means, with respect to any Receivable, any vehicle the subject of the Financing Contract 
related to such Receivable. 
"Voluntary Termination" means the voluntary termination of a Regulated Financing Contract by an 
Obligor pursuant to sections 99 and 100 of the CCA. 
"VW Group" means Volkswagen Aktiengesellschaft and any of its Affiliates. 
"VWFS" means Volkswagen Financial Services (UK) Limited. 
"VWFS Power of Attorney" means the power of attorney granted in favour of the Issuer pursuant to 
the Receivables Purchase Agreement. 
"Weighted Average Seasoning" means, on each Payment Date, the weighted average seasoning 
of the Receivables, calculated on a contract by contract basis as the original term minus the 
remaining term of such contract. 
"Written-Off Purchased Receivables" means Purchased Receivables which have been reduced by 
recoveries and finally written off by VWFS in its capacity as Servicer in accordance with its customary 
accounting practice in effect from time to time.

--- Page 325 ---
- 314 - 
 
 
"Written-Off Purchased Receivable Repurchase Price" means, regarding a Written-Off Purchased 
Receivable and a Monthly Period, the amount received by the Issuer under clause 9.8 (Repurchase) 
of the Receivables Purchase Agreement. 
In this Incorporated Terms Memorandum words denoting the singular number only shall also include 
the plural number and vice versa, words denoting one gender only shall include the other genders 
and words denoting individuals only shall include firms and corporations and vice versa. 
2. 
INTERPRETATION 
In any Transaction Document, the following shall apply: 
2.1 
in the computation of periods of time from a specified date to a later specified date, the word "from" 
means "from and including" and the words "to" and "until" each mean "to but excluding"; 
2.2 
the word "including" shall not be exclusive and shall mean "including, without limitation"; 
2.3 
if any date specified in any Transaction Document would otherwise fall on a day that is not a Business 
Day, that date will be the first following day that is a Business Day unless that day falls in the next 
calendar month, in which case that date will be the first preceding day that is a Business Day; 
2.4 
if an amount is specified to be calculated or outstanding on a Payment Date, such amount shall be 
determined prior to the distribution of the Available Distribution Amount in accordance with the 
applicable Order of Priority; 
2.5 
periods of days shall be counted in calendar days unless Business Days are expressly prescribed; 
2.6 
the expression "tax" shall be construed so as to include any tax, levy, impost, duty or other charge 
of similar nature and all related withholdings or deductions and including, without limitation, any 
penalty, charge or interest payable relating to any of the foregoing; 
2.7 
a reference to law, treaty, statute, regulation, order, decree, directive or guideline of any 
governmental authority or agency, or any provision thereof, shall be construed as a reference to such 
law, statute, regulation, order, decree, directive or guideline, or provision, as the same may have 
been, or may from time to time be, amended or re-enacted; 
2.8 
any reference to any Person appearing in any of the Transaction Documents shall include its 
successors and permitted assigns; 
2.9 
any reference to an agreement, deed or document shall be construed as a reference to such 
agreement, deed or document as the same may from time to time be amended, varied, novated, 
supplemented, replaced or otherwise modified; 
2.10 
to the extent applicable, the headings of clauses, schedules, sections, articles and exhibits are 
provided for convenience only. They do not form part of any Transaction Document and shall not 
affect its construction or interpretation. Unless otherwise indicated, all references in any Transaction 
Document to clauses, schedules, sections, articles and exhibits refer to the corresponding clauses, 
schedules, sections, articles or exhibits of that Transaction Document; 
2.11 
unless specified otherwise, "promptly" or "immediately" shall mean without undue delay (ohne 
schuldhaftes Zögern); and 
2.12 
"novation" shall, for the purposes of documents governed by German law, be construed as 
Vertragsübernahme. "To novate" shall be interpreted accordingly.

--- Page 326 ---
- 315 - 
 
 
SUBSCRIPTION AND SALE 
SUBSCRIPTION OF THE NOTES  
Subscription and Sale 
Each Note Purchaser has entered into the Programme Agreement with the Issuer. Each Note Purchaser has 
agreed to comply with the selling restrictions set out below, as applicable. 
The issuance of the Notes is not designed to comply with the U.S. Risk Retention Rules other than the 
exemption under Section _.20 of the U.S. Risk Retention Rules. "U.S. Risk Retention Rules" means 
Regulation RR (17 C.F.R Part 246) implementing the risk retention requirements of Section 15G of the U.S. 
Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, adopted pursuant to the requirements of Section 941 of the 
Dodd-Frank Wall Street Reform and Consumer Protection Act. 
The Notes at all times may not, without the prior consent of the Seller, be purchased by any person except 
for persons that are not "U.S. persons" as defined in the U.S. Risk Retention Rules ("Risk Retention U.S. 
Persons").  Prospective investors should note that the definition of "U.S. person" in the U.S. Risk Retention 
Rules is substantially similar to, but not identical to, the definition of "U.S. person" in Regulation S.  
Each purchaser of Notes, including beneficial interests therein, will be deemed, and in certain circumstances 
will be required, to represent and agree that: (1) it is not a Risk Retention U.S. Person (2) it is acquiring such 
Note or a beneficial interest therein for its own account and not with a view to distribute such Note to a U.S. 
Person; and (3) it is not acquiring such Note or a beneficial interest therein as part of a scheme to evade the 
requirements of the U.S. Risk Retention Rules. 
The Notes may not be sold to, or for the account or benefit of, U.S. persons except (i) pursuant to an 
exemption from, or in a transaction not subject to the registration requirements of, the Securities Act and (ii) 
in accordance with an exemption from the U.S. Risk Retention Rules. 
Selling Restrictions 
General 
All applicable laws and regulations must be observed in any jurisdiction in which the Notes may be offered, 
sold or delivered, to the best of each Note Purchaser's' knowledge and belief (subject that each Note 
Purchaser shall have no liability to the Issuer or VWFS in respect of any non-observance of the U.S. Risk 
Retention Rules by the Issuer or VWFS or any other person).  Each Note Purchaser has agreed that it will 
not, directly or indirectly, offer, sell or deliver any of the Notes or distribute the Base Prospectus or any other 
offering material relating to the Notes, in or from any jurisdiction except under circumstances that will result 
in compliance with the applicable laws and regulations of such jurisdiction, to the best of each Note 
Purchaser's knowledge and belief, and that it will not impose any obligations on the Issuer except as set out 
in the Programme Agreement. 
Notwithstanding the foregoing, the Note Purchasers will not have any liability to the Issuer or the Seller for 
compliance with the U.S. Risk Retention Rules by the Issuer or the Seller or any other person except to the 
extent as set out in the Programme Agreement.  
United States of America and its Territories 
Each Note Purchaser has represented and agreed in the Programme Agreement that: 
The Notes have not been and will not be registered under the U.S. Securities Act of 1933, as amended (the 
"Securities Act") or any U.S. state securities law and may not be offered, or sold or delivered within the 
United States or to, or for the account or benefit of, U.S. persons except pursuant to an exemption from, or in 
a transaction not subject to, the registration requirements of the Securities Act and applicable state or local 
securities laws and under circumstances designed to preclude the Issuer from having to register under the 
Investment Company Act. Each of the Note Purchasers represents and agrees that it has not offered or sold 
or delivered the Notes, and will not offer or sell the Notes (i) as part of its distribution at any time or (ii) 
otherwise until forty (40) calendar days after the later of (a) the date the Notes are first offered to Persons 
other than distributors in reliance on Regulation S and (b) the Further Issue Date, except, in either case, only 
in accordance with Rule 903 or Rule 904 of Regulation S under the Securities Act. Neither the Note

--- Page 327 ---
- 316 - 
 
 
Purchasers nor their respective affiliates (as defined in Rule 501(b) of Regulation D under the Securities Act) 
nor any Persons acting on their behalf have engaged or will engage in any directed selling efforts with respect 
to the Notes, and they have complied and will comply with the offering restrictions requirements of Regulation 
S under the Securities Act. At or prior to confirmation of sale of Notes, the respective Note Purchaser or any 
other person acting as distributor will have sent to each distributor, dealer or person receiving a selling 
concession, fee or other remuneration that purchases Notes from them during the distribution compliance 
period (as defined in Regulation S) a confirmation or notice to substantially the following effect:  
"The Securities covered hereby have not been registered under the U.S. Securities Act of 1933, as 
amended (the "Securities Act"), and may not be offered or sold within the United States or to, or 
for the account or benefit of, U.S. persons (i) as part of their distribution at any time or (ii) otherwise 
until forty (40) calendar days after the later of (a) the date the Notes are first offered to Persons 
other than distributors in reliance on Regulation S and (b) the Closing Date, except in either case, 
in accordance with Regulation S under the Securities Act. Terms used above have the meaning 
given to them in Regulation S under the Securities Act". 
Terms used in this section have the meaning given to them in Regulation S under the Securities Act and as 
used in this paragraph "U.S. Person" means a U.S. person within the meaning of Regulation S. 
The Notes may not be offered, or sold within the United States or to, or for the account or benefit of, U.S. 
Persons except pursuant to an exemption from, or in a transaction not subject to the registration requirements 
of, the Securities Act. 
United Kingdom 
Each Note Purchaser has represented and agreed in the Programme Agreement that: 
(a) 
it has only communicated or caused to be communicated and will only communicate or cause to 
be communicated an invitation or inducement to engage in investment activity (within the meaning 
of section 21 of the Financial Services and Markets Act 2000 (the "FSMA")) received by it in 
connection with the issue or sale of any Notes in circumstances in which section 21(1) of the FSMA 
does not apply to the Issuer; and 
(b) 
it has complied and will comply with all applicable provisions of the FSMA with respect to anything 
done by it in relation to the Notes in, from or otherwise involving the United Kingdom. 
Republic of France 
Each of the Note Purchasers represents and agrees in the Programme Agreement that: 
(a) 
it has not offered, sold or otherwise transferred and will not offer, sell or otherwise transfer, directly 
or indirectly, any Notes to the public in France other than in accordance with the exemption of article 
1(4) of the Prospectus Regulation; and 
(b) 
it has not distributed or caused to be distributed and will not distribute or cause to be distributed to 
the public in France, other than to qualified investors, as defined in Article 2(e) of the Prospectus 
Regulation, this Base Prospectus, the relevant Final Terms or any other offering material relating 
to the Notes. 
Prohibition of Sales to EEA Retail Investors 
Each Note Purchaser has represented and agreed, and each further Note Purchaser appointed under the 
Programme will be required to represent and agree, that it will not offer, sell or otherwise make available any 
Instrument to any retail investor in the European Economic Area. For the purposes of this provision: 
(a) 
the expression "retail investor" means a person who is one (or more) of the following: 
(i) 
a retail client as defined in point (11) of Article 4(1) of Directive 2014/65/EU (as 
amended, "MiFID II"); or

--- Page 328 ---
- 317 - 
 
 
(ii) 
a customer within the meaning of Directive 2016/97/EU (the "Insurance 
Distribution Directive"), where that customer would not qualify as a professional 
client as defined in point (10) of Article 4(1) of MiFID II; or 
(iii) 
not a qualified investor as defined in Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 (the "Prospectus 
Regulation"); and 
(b) 
the expression "offer" includes the communication in any form and by any means of sufficient 
information on the terms of the offer and the Notes to be offered so as to enable an investor 
to decide to purchase or subscribe the Notes. 
Prohibition of Sales to UK Retail Investors 
Each Note Purchaser has represented and agreed, and each further Note Purchaser appointed under the 
Programme will be required to represent and agree, that it will not offer, sell or otherwise make available any 
Instrument to any retail investor in the United Kingdom. For the purposes of this provision: 
(a) 
the expression "retail investor" means a person who is one (or more) of the following: 
(i) 
a retail client as defined in point (8) of Article 2 of Regulation (EU) No 2017/565 as 
it forms part of domestic law of the United Kingdom by virtue of the EUWA; or 
(ii) 
a customer within the meaning of the provisions of the FSMA and any rules or 
regulations made under the FSMA to implement Directive (EU) 2016/97, where that 
customer would not qualify as a professional client, as defined in point (8) of Article 
2(1) of Regulation (EU) No 600/2014 as it forms part of domestic law of the United 
Kingdom by virtue of the EUWA; or 
(iii) 
not a qualified investor as defined in Article 2 of Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 as it 
forms part of domestic law of the United Kingdom by virtue of the EUWA; and 
(b) 
the expression "offer" includes the communication in any form and by any means of sufficient 
information on the terms of the offer and the Notes to be offered so as to enable an investor 
to decide to purchase or subscribe the Notes. 
Germany 
Each Note Purchaser has represented and agreed, and each further Note Purchaser appointed under the 
Programme will be required to represent and agree that the Notes have not been and will not be offered or 
sold or publicly promoted or advertised by it in Germany other than in compliance with the provisions of the 
German Asset Investment Act (Vermögensanlagengesetz), or of any other laws applicable in Germany 
governing the issue, offering and sale of securities.

--- Page 329 ---
- 318 - 
 
 
 
GENERAL INFORMATION 
Authorisation of Note Issuance 
The issuance of the Notes was authorised by the board of directors of the Issuer on 17 November 2023. 
Governmental, Legal and Arbitration Proceedings 
During the period covering the 12 months prior to the date of this Base Prospectus, the Issuer has not been 
engaged in any governmental, legal or arbitration proceedings (including any such proceedings which are 
pending or threatened of which the Issuer is aware), which may have, or have had in the recent past significant 
effects on the Issuer’s financial position or profitability.  
Material Adverse Change 
There has been no material adverse change in the financial position or prospects of the Issuer since the date 
of its last financial statements dated 30 June 2023. 
Payment Information and Post-Issuance Transaction Information 
The Issuer acting for and on behalf of its Compartment 7 intends to provide post-issuance transaction 
information regarding the Notes to be admitted to trading and the performance of the underlying assets. The 
Servicer will provide the investors with Servicer Reports regarding the Notes and the performance of the 
underlying assets. Such Servicer Reports will be provided on a monthly basis and sent directly to the relevant 
investors. 
For as long as any of the Notes are listed on the official list of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange, the Issuer 
acting for and on behalf of its Compartment 7 will notify the Luxembourg Stock Exchange of the Interest 
Amounts, Interest Accrual Periods and the Interest Rates and the payments of principal, in each case without 
delay after their determination pursuant to the Notes Conditions. This information will be communicated to 
the Luxembourg Stock Exchange at the latest on the first day of each Interest Period. 
All information to be given to the Noteholders pursuant to Notes Condition 6 will be available and may be 
obtained (free of charge) at the specified office of the Issuer. 
The Notes have been accepted for clearance through Clearstream, Luxembourg and Euroclear as operator 
of the Euroclear system. 
All notices to the Noteholders regarding the Notes shall be (i) published on the website of the Luxembourg 
Stock Exchange (www.luxse.com) as long as the Notes are listed on the official list of the Luxembourg Stock 
Exchange and the rules of such exchange so require and (ii) be delivered to the applicable clearing systems 
for communication by them to the Noteholders. Any notice referred to under (ii) above shall be deemed to 
have been given to all Noteholders on the seventh day after the day on which the said notice was delivered 
to the respective clearing system. Any notice referred to under (i) above shall be deemed to have been given 
to all Noteholders on the seventh day after the day on which the said notice was published on the website of 
the Luxembourg Stock Exchange (www.luxse.com). 
Listing and Admission to Trading 
The Issuer is expected to make application for the Notes issued under the Programme to be listed on the 
official list of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange and to be admitted to trading at the regulated market of the 
Luxembourg Stock Exchange.

--- Page 330 ---
- 319 - 
 
 
 
 
ICSDs 
Euroclear Bank S.A./N.V. 
1 Boulevard du Roi Albert II 
1210 Brussels 
Belgium 
 
Clearstream Banking, société anonyme, Luxembourg 
42 Avenue JF Kennedy 
L-1885 Luxembourg 
Clearing Codes of Notes 
As set out in the Final Terms prepared for the relevant Series of Class A Notes or the relevant Series of Class 
B Notes, as applicable. 
Inspection of Documents 
Physical or electronic copies of the following documents may be inspected during customary business hours 
on any working day from the date hereof (or the date of publication of such document, as relevant) as long 
as the Instruments remain outstanding at the registered office of the Issuer and the Principal Paying Agent 
and as long as the Notes are listed on official list of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange they will also be available 
at the specified offices of the Principal Paying Agent, (i) this Base Prospectus and any Final Terms, (ii) the 
Trust Agreement, (iii) the Deed of Charge and Assignment, (iv) the Agency Agreement, (v) the Articles of 
Incorporation of the Issuer and (vi) the audited financial statements of the Issuer dated 30 June 2022 and 30 
June 2023 and all future financial reports of the Issuer. A copy of this Base Prospectus will be published on 
the website of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange (www.luxse.com) and on the website of Circumference FS 
(Luxembourg) S.A. (https://circumferencefs-luxembourg.com). The Articles of Incorporation of Driver UK 
Master S.A. and all historical financial reports of Driver UK Master S.A. (interim financial reports will not be 
prepared) will be published on the website of Circumference FS (Luxembourg) S.A. (https://circumferencefs-
luxembourg.com). 
The Servicer will publish monthly reports regarding the Instruments and the performance of the underlying 
assets. Such Servicer Reports will be published by the Servicer three days prior to the Payment Date of a 
calendar month available on www.vwfs.co.uk. 
The Servicer will also make the above information available via the EU Securitisation Repository. 
Any websites included in the Base Prospectus are for information purposes only and do not form part of the 
Base Prospectus.  
Article 7 of the EU Securitisation Regulation 
For the purposes of the Securitisation Regulation (EU) Disclosure Requirements the Servicer (on behalf of 
the VWFS as the originator for the purposes of the EU Securitisation Regulation) confirms and (where 
applicable) will make available the following information via the EU Securitisation Repository: 
(a) 
For the purposes of Article 7(1)(a) and (e) of the EU Securitisation Regulation, information 
on the Purchased Receivables will be made available before pricing of the Instruments and 
on a monthly basis the Servicer will make available information on the Purchased 
Receivables and an investor report (such information to be provided simultaneously) in 
accordance with the Securitisation Regulation (EU) Disclosure Requirements. 
(b) 
Before pricing of the Instruments, for the purposes of compliance with Article 7(1)(b) of the 
EU Securitisation Regulation, and within 15 days of the Closing Date the Servicer will make 
available certain Transaction Documents and the Base Prospectus. It is not possible to make 
final documentation available before pricing of the Instruments and so the Servicer has made 
the Base Prospectus and draft Receivables Purchase Agreement, Redelivery Repurchase 
Agreement, Servicing Agreement, Agency Agreement, Account Agreement, Subordinated 
Loan Agreement, Trust Agreement, Incorporated Terms Memorandum, Deed of Charge and

--- Page 331 ---
- 320 - 
 
 
 
 
Assignment and template Swap Agreements. Such Transaction Documents in final form will 
be available after the Closing Date to investors on an ongoing basis and to potential investors 
on request. 
(c) 
For the purposes of Article 7(1)(f) of the EU Securitisation Regulation the Issuer will, without 
delay, publish any inside information relating to the Transaction. The Servicer is not required 
to comply with Article 7(1)(f) of the EU Securitisation Regulation. 
(d) 
For the purposes of Article 7(1)(g) of the EU Securitisation Regulation and pursuant to its 
obligation to comply with the Securitisation Regulation (EU) Disclosure Requirements, the 
Servicer will, without delay, publish information in respect of any significant event such as (i) 
a material breach of the obligations laid down in the Transaction Documents, (ii) a change 
in the structural features that can materially impact the performance of the securitisation, (iii) 
a change in the risk characteristics of the Transaction or the Purchased Receivables that 
can materially impact the performance of the securitisation, (iv) if competent authorities have 
taken remedial or administrative actions and (v) any material amendments to the Transaction 
Documents. 
Article 7 and Article 22 of the UK Securitisation Regulation 
For the purposes of the UK Securitisation Regulation the Servicer (on behalf of the Seller as the originator for 
the purposes of the UK Securitisation Regulation) confirms and (where applicable) will make available the 
following information: 
(a) 
Before pricing of the Instruments, for the purpose of compliance with Article 22(1) of the UK 
Securitisation Regulation, the Servicer will make available to investors and potential 
investors information on static and dynamic historical default and loss performance, for a 
period of at least 5 years. In this regard, see the section "HISTORICAL PERFORMANCE 
DATA" of this Base Prospectus. 
(b) 
For the purpose of compliance with Article 22(2) of the UK Securitisation Regulation, the 
Servicer confirms that a sample of Financing Contracts has been externally verified by an 
appropriate and independent party prior to the date of this Base Prospectus (see also the 
section "THE PURCHASED RECEIVABLES POOL") (as well as an agreed upon 
procedures review, amongst other things, of the conformity of the Financing Contracts in the 
Portfolio with certain of the Eligibility Criteria (where applicable)). For the purposes of the 
verification a confidence level of at least 95% was applied. The Servicer confirms no 
significant adverse findings have been found. The independent party has also performed 
agreed upon procedures on the data included in the stratification tables in the section "THE 
PURCHASED RECEIVABLES" in order to verify that the stratification tables are accurate. 
The Servicer confirms no significant adverse findings have been found. Based on the review 
by the independent party, the Servicer confirms that to the best of its knowledge such 
information is accurate and in accordance with the facts and does not omit anything likely to 
affect its import.  
(c) 
Before pricing of the Instruments, for the purpose of compliance with Article 22(3) of the UK 
Securitisation Regulation, the Servicer will make available a cashflow liability model of the 
Transaction on Intex which precisely represents the contractual relationship between the 
Purchased Receivables and the payments flowing between the Seller and investors in the 
Instruments. Such cashflow model will be available after the Closing Date to investors on an 
ongoing basis and to potential investors on request. 
(d) 
For the purpose of compliance with Article 22(4) of the UK Securitisation Regulation, the 
Servicer confirms that, so far as it is aware, information on environmental performance of 
the Vehicles relating to the Purchased Receivables is not available to be reported pursuant 
to Article 22(4) of the UK Securitisation Regulation. The Servicer confirms that once 
information on environmental performance of the Vehicles relating to the Purchased 
Receivables is available and able to be reported, it will make such information available to 
investors on an ongoing basis in order to comply with the requirements of Article 22(4) of the 
UK Securitisation Regulation.

--- Page 332 ---
- 321 - 
 
 
 
 
(e) 
Before pricing of the Instruments and within 15 days of the Closing Date, for the purposes 
of compliance with Article 22(5) and Article 7(1)(b) of the UK Securitisation Regulation, the 
Servicer will make available certain Transaction Documents and the Base Prospectus. It is 
not possible to make final documentation available before pricing of the Instruments and so 
the Servicer has made available the Base Prospectus and draft Receivables Purchase 
Agreement, Redelivery Repurchase Agreement, Servicing Agreement, Agency Agreement, 
Account Agreement, Subordinated Loan Agreement, Trust Agreement, Incorporated Terms 
Memorandum, Deed of Charge and Assignment and template Swap Agreements on the 
website of the European Data Warehouse (UK) (https://editor.eurodw.co.uk/). Such 
Transaction Documents in final form will be available after the Closing Date to investors on 
an ongoing basis and to potential investors on request. 
(f) 
Before pricing of the Instruments in initial form and on or around the Closing Date in final 
form, for the purposes of compliance with Article 7(1)(d) of the UK Securitisation Regulation, 
the Servicer will make available the STS notification referred to in Article 27 of the UK 
Securitisation Regulation on the website of the European Data Warehouse (UK) 
(https://editor.eurodw.co.uk/).  
(g) 
For the purposes of Article 7(1)(a) and (e) of the UK Securitisation Regulation, information 
on the Purchased Receivables will be made available before pricing of the Instruments and 
on a monthly basis the Servicer will make available information on the Purchased 
Receivables and an investor report (such information to be provided simultaneously) in 
accordance with the Securitisation Regulation (UK) Disclosure Requirements. During the 
Standstill Period such information will be in the format contemplated by the Securitisation 
Regulation (EU) Disclosure Requirements. 
(h) 
For the purposes of Article 7(1)(f) of the UK Securitisation Regulation the Issuer will, without 
delay, publish any inside information relating to the Transaction. The Servicer is not required 
to comply with Article 7(1)(f) of the UK Securitisation Regulation. 
(i) 
For the purposes of Article 7(1)(g) of the UK Securitisation Regulation and pursuant to its 
obligation to comply with the Securitisation Regulation (UK) Disclosure Requirements, the 
Servicer will, without delay, publish information in respect of any significant event such as (i) 
a material breach of the obligations laid down in the Transaction Documents, (ii) a change 
in the structural features that can materially impact the performance of the securitisation, (iii) 
a change in the risk characteristics of the Transaction or the Purchased Receivables that 
can materially impact the performance of the securitisation, (iv) if the Transaction ceases to 
meet the STS requirements or if the FCA has taken remedial or administrative actions and 
(v) any material amendments to the Transaction Documents.

--- Page 333 ---
- 322 - 
 
 
 
 
REGISTERED ADDRESS OF THE ISSUER 
Driver UK Master S.A., acting for and on behalf of its Compartment 7 
22-24 Boulevard Royal 
L-2449 Luxembourg 
the Grand Duchy of Luxembourg  
 
THE SECURITY TRUSTEE 
Intertrust Trustees GmbH 
Eschersheimer Landstraße 14 
60322 Frankfurt am Main 
Germany 
 
PRINCIPAL PAYING AGENT/ACCOUNT BANK/CASH ADMINISTRATOR/INTEREST DETERMINATION 
AGENT 
The Bank of New York Mellon, London Branch 
160 Queen Victoria Street  
London EC4V 4LA United Kingdom 
 
REGISTRAR 
The Bank of New York Mellon SA/NV, Luxembourg Branch 
Vertigo Building – Polaris 
2-4 rue Eugène Ruppert  
L-2453 Luxembourg 
the Grand Duchy of Luxembourg

--- Page 334 ---
- 323 - 
 
 
 
 
LEGAL ADVISERS 
as to German law 
Hogan Lovells International LLP 
Große Gallusstraße 18 
60312 Frankfurt am Main 
Germany 
 
as to English law 
Hogan Lovells International LLP 
Atlantic House 
Holborn Viaduct 
London EC1A 2FG  
United Kingdom 
as to Luxembourg law 
Hogan Lovells (Luxembourg) LLP 
52, Boulevard Marcel Cahen 
L-1311 Luxembourg 
Luxembourg 
as to Scots law 
Shepherd and Wedderburn LLP 
9 Haymarket Square 
Edinburgh 
Scotland 
EH3 8FY 
as to Northern Irish law 
Arthur Cox 
Victoria House 
Gloucester Street 
Belfast 
BT1 4LS 
Northern Ireland 
 
AUDITORS  
 
to the Issuer  
 
Ernst & Young Luxembourg S.A. 
35E, Avenue John F. Kennedy 
L-1855 Luxembourg