--- Page 1 ---
1 
 
PROSPECTUS 
 
EUR5,000,000,000 
Euro Medium Term Note Programme 
of 
 
DS Smith Plc 
(incorporated with limited liability in England and Wales with registered number 01377658)  
and  
DS Smith Ireland Treasury Designated Activity Company 
(incorporated in Ireland with registered number 711040) 
with obligations under Notes issued by DS Smith Ireland Treasury Designated Activity Company 
unconditionally and irrevocably guaranteed by 
DS Smith Plc 
(incorporated with limited liability in England and Wales with registered number 01377658)  
 
Under this EUR5,000,000,000 Euro Medium Term Note Programme (the “Programme”), 
DS Smith Plc and DS Smith Ireland Treasury Designated Activity Company (each an “Issuer” and 
together, the “Issuers”) may from time to time issue notes (the “Notes”) denominated in any 
currency agreed between the relevant Issuer and the relevant Dealer (as defined below). The 
payment of all amounts due in respect of Notes issued by DS Smith Ireland Treasury Designated 
Activity Company (“DS Smith Ireland”) will be unconditionally and irrevocably guaranteed by DS 
Smith Plc (the “Guarantor”) under the terms of an amended and restated trust deed (the “Trust 
Deed”) dated 16 August  2022 and as modified and/or supplemented and/or restated from time 
to time (the “Guarantee”).  
Notes may be issued in bearer or registered form (respectively “Bearer Notes” and “Registered 
Notes”). The maximum aggregate nominal amount of all Notes from time to time outstanding 
under the Programme will not exceed EUR5,000,000,000 (or its equivalent in other currencies 
calculated as described in the Programme Agreement (as defined under “Subscription and 
Sale”)), subject to increase as described in the Programme Agreement. 
The Notes may be issued on a continuing basis to one or more of the Dealers specified under 
“Overview of the Programme” and any additional Dealer appointed under the Programme from 
time to time by the Issuers and the Guarantor (each a “Dealer” and together the “Dealers”), which 
appointment may be for a specific issue or on an ongoing basis. References in this Prospectus 
Smth

--- Page 2 ---
2 
 
to the “relevant Dealer” shall, in the case of an issue of Notes being (or intended to be) subscribed 
by more than one Dealer, be to all Dealers agreeing to subscribe such Notes. 
An investment in Notes issued under the Programme involves certain risks. For a 
discussion of these risks see “Risk Factors”. 
Application has been made to the Commission de Surveillance du Secteur Financier (the “CSSF”) 
in its capacity as competent authority under the Luxembourg Act dated 16 July 2019 on 
prospectuses for securities (as amended, the “Prospectus Act 2019”) and for the purposes of 
Article 8 of Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 of the European Parliament and of the Council (as 
amended or superseded, the “EU Prospectus Regulation”) to approve this document as a base 
prospectus (the “Prospectus”). The CSSF only approves this Prospectus as meeting the 
standards of completeness, comprehensibility and consistency imposed by the EU Prospectus 
Regulation.  Such approval should not be considered as an endorsement of the Issuers or the 
Guarantor and of the quality of the Notes that are the subject of this Prospectus.  Investors should 
make their own assessment as to the suitability of investing in any such Notes. By approving this 
Prospectus, the CSSF assumes no responsibility for the economic and financial soundness of the 
transactions contemplated by this Prospectus or the quality or solvency of the Issuers or the 
Guarantor in accordance with Article 6(4) of the Prospectus Act 2019. Application has also been 
made to the Luxembourg Stock Exchange for Notes issued under the Programme to be admitted 
to trading on the Luxembourg Stock Exchange’s regulated market and to be listed on the official 
list of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange. 
References in this Prospectus to Notes being “listed” (and all related references) shall mean that 
such Notes have been admitted to trading on the Luxembourg Stock Exchange’s regulated market 
and have been admitted to the official list of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange. The Luxembourg 
Stock Exchange’s regulated market is a regulated market for the purposes of Directive 
2014/65/EU on markets in financial instruments (as amended or superseded, “MiFID II”).  
Notice of the aggregate nominal amount of Notes, interest (if any) payable in respect of Notes, 
the issue price of Notes and certain other information which is applicable to each Tranche (as 
defined under “Terms and Conditions of the Notes”) of Notes will be set out in a final terms 
document (the “Final Terms”) which will be filed with the CSSF and the Luxembourg Stock 
Exchange. Copies of Final Terms in relation to Notes to be listed on the official list of the 
Luxembourg Stock Exchange will also be published on the website of the Luxembourg Stock 
Exchange (www.bourse.lu). 
The Programme provides that Notes may be listed or admitted to trading, as the case may be, on 
such other or further stock exchanges or markets as may be agreed between the relevant Issuer 
and the relevant Dealer. The Issuers may also issue unlisted Notes and/or Notes not admitted to 
trading on any market. 
DS Smith Plc has a solicited long-term debt rating of BBB- by S&P Global Ratings Europe Limited 
(“S&P”). The outlook for the rating is stable. The Programme has been rated BBB- by S&P Global 
Ratings UK Limited (“S&P UK”). 
In general, European Economic Area (“EEA”) regulated investors are restricted from using a 
rating for EEA regulatory purposes if such rating is not issued by a credit rating agency established 
in the EEA and registered under Regulation (EC) No. 1060/2009 (as amended or superseded) 
(the “EU CRA Regulation”) (and such registration has not been withdrawn or suspended, subject

--- Page 3 ---
3 
 
to transitional provisions that apply in certain circumstances). Similarly, United Kingdom (“UK”) 
regulated investors are restricted from using a rating for UK regulatory purposes if such rating is 
not issued by a credit rating agency established in the UK and registered under Regulation (EC) 
No. 1060/2009 as it forms part of UK domestic law by virtue of the European Union (Withdrawal) 
Act 2018 (“EUWA”) (the “UK CRA Regulation”). 
S&P UK is a credit rating agency established in the UK and registered under the UK CRA 
Regulation and is included in the list of credit rating agencies published by the Financial Conduct 
Authority 
(the 
“FCA”) 
on 
its 
website 
(at 
https://www.fca.org.uk/markets/credit-rating-
agencies/registered-certified-cras) in accordance with the UK CRA Regulation. Ratings given by 
S&P UK are currently endorsed by S&P, for regulatory purposes in the EEA in accordance with 
the EU CRA Regulation. S&P is a credit rating agency established in the EEA and is registered 
under the EU CRA Regulation. As such S&P is included in the list of credit rating agencies 
published by the European Securities and Markets Authority (“ESMA”) on its website (at 
https://www.esma.europa.eu/supervision/credit-rating-agencies/risk) in accordance with the EU 
CRA Regulation. Ratings given by S&P are currently endorsed by S&P UK, for regulatory 
purposes in the UK in accordance with the UK CRA Regulation. There can be no assurance that 
S&P will continue to endorse ratings issued by S&P UK or that S&P UK will continue to endorse 
ratings issued by S&P. 
Notes issued under the Programme may be rated or unrated. Where a Tranche of Notes is rated, 
such rating will be disclosed in the Final Terms (and will not necessarily be the same as the rating 
assigned to the Programme by S&P). A security rating is not a recommendation to buy, sell or 
hold securities and may be subject to suspension, reduction or withdrawal at any time by the 
assigning rating agency.   
Arranger 
Lloyds Bank Corporate Markets 
Dealers 
Bank of China 
BNP PARIBAS 
Citigroup 
Commerzbank 
Goldman Sachs International  
ING  
J.P. Morgan  
Lloyds Bank Corporate Markets  
NatWest Markets  
Santander Corporate & Investment 
Banking 
UniCredit  
 
 
The date of this Prospectus is 16 August 2022.

--- Page 4 ---
4 
 
 
IMPORTANT INFORMATION 
This Prospectus comprises a base prospectus in respect of all Notes issued under the 
Programme for the purposes of Article 8 of the EU Prospectus Regulation. 
The Issuers and the Guarantor accept responsibility for the information contained in this 
Prospectus and the Final Terms for each Tranche of Notes issued under the Programme. To the 
best of the knowledge of each of the Issuers and the Guarantor, the information contained in this 
Prospectus is in accordance with the facts and the Prospectus makes no omission likely to affect 
its import.  
Certain information in the “Description of DS Smith Plc and DS Smith Ireland” section of this 
Prospectus has been extracted from certain third party sources as specified therein. Each Issuer 
and the Guarantor confirms that such information has been accurately reproduced and that, so 
far as it is aware, and is able to ascertain from information published by such sources, no facts 
have been omitted which would render the reproduced information inaccurate or misleading. 
This Prospectus is to be read in conjunction with all documents which are deemed to be 
incorporated herein by reference (see “Documents Incorporated by Reference”). This Prospectus 
shall be read and construed on the basis that such documents are incorporated and form part of 
this Prospectus. 
None of the Arranger, the Dealers or the Trustee (as defined below) has independently verified 
the information contained herein. Accordingly, no representation, warranty or undertaking, 
express or implied, is made and no responsibility or liability is accepted by the Arranger, the 
Dealers or the Trustee as to the accuracy or completeness of the information contained or 
incorporated in this Prospectus or any other information provided by the Issuers and the 
Guarantor in connection with the Programme. None of the Arranger, the Dealers or the Trustee 
accepts any liability in relation to the information contained or incorporated by reference in this 
Prospectus or any other information provided by the Issuers and the Guarantor in connection with 
the Programme. 
No person is or has been authorised by the Issuers, the Guarantor, the Arranger, any Dealer or 
the Trustee to give any information or to make any representation not contained in or not 
consistent with this Prospectus or any other information supplied in connection with the 
Programme or the Notes and, if given or made, such information or representation must not be 
relied upon as having been authorised by the Issuers, the Guarantor, the Arranger, any of the 
Dealers or the Trustee. 
Neither this Prospectus nor any other information supplied in connection with the Programme or 
any Notes (a) is intended to provide the basis of any credit or other evaluation or (b) should be 
considered as a recommendation by the Issuers, the Guarantor, the Arranger, any of the Dealers 
or the Trustee that any recipient of this Prospectus, or any other information supplied in 
connection with the Programme or any Notes, should purchase any Notes. Each investor 
contemplating purchasing any Notes should make its own independent investigation of the 
financial condition and affairs, and its own appraisal of the creditworthiness, of the Issuers and 
the Guarantor. Neither this Prospectus nor any other information supplied in connection with the 
Programme or the issue of any Notes constitutes an offer or invitation by or on behalf of the

--- Page 5 ---
5 
 
Issuers, the Guarantor, the Arranger, any of the Dealers or the Trustee to any person to subscribe 
for or to purchase any Notes. 
Neither the delivery of this Prospectus nor the offering, sale or delivery of any Notes shall in any 
circumstances imply that the information contained herein concerning the Issuers or the 
Guarantor is correct at any time subsequent to the date hereof or that any other information 
supplied in connection with the Programme is correct as of any time subsequent to the date 
indicated in the document containing the same. The Arranger, the Dealers and the Trustee 
expressly do not undertake to review the financial condition or affairs of the Issuers or the 
Guarantor during the life of the Programme or to advise any investor in the Notes of any 
information coming to their attention.  
If a jurisdiction requires that the offering be made by a licensed broker or dealer and the Dealers 
or any affiliate of the Dealers is a licensed broker or dealer in that jurisdiction, the offering shall 
be deemed to be made by the Dealers or such affiliate on behalf of the Issuers and the Guarantor 
in such jurisdiction. 
Neither the Arranger nor any of the Dealers makes any representation as to the suitability of any 
Notes issued as Green Bonds (as indicated in the applicable Final Terms), including the listing or 
admission to trading thereof on any dedicated ESG (as defined herein) or other equivalently-
labelled segment of any stock exchange or securities market, to fulfil any “environmental”, “social”, 
“sustainable”, “governance” or "green" criteria required by any prospective investors. The 
Arranger and the Dealers have not undertaken, nor are they responsible for, any assessment of 
the eligibility criteria for Eligible Activities (as defined herein), any verification of whether the 
Eligible Activities meet such criteria or the monitoring of the use of proceeds of any Green Bonds 
(or amounts equal thereto). Investors should refer to the Framework (as defined herein) and any 
further green finance framework which the Group may publish from time to time, the Second Party 
Opinion (as defined herein) and any further second party opinion delivered in respect of a green 
finance framework and any public reporting by or on behalf of the Group in respect of the 
application of the proceeds of any issue of Green Bonds for further information. Any such green 
finance framework and/or second party opinion and/or public reporting will not be incorporated by 
reference into this Prospectus and neither the Arranger nor any of the Dealers makes any 
representation as to the suitability or contents thereof.  No assurance is given by the Issuers, the 
Guarantor, the Arranger, the Dealers or any other person that the use of the proceeds of issue of 
any Green Bonds will satisfy, whether in whole or in part, any present or future investor 
expectations or requirements as regards any investment criteria or guidelines with which any 
investor or its investments are required to comply. 
Any investment in Notes issued by DS Smith Ireland Treasury Designated Activity Company does 
not have the status of a bank deposit and is not within the scope of the deposit protection scheme 
operated by the Central Bank of Ireland. 
PROHIBITION OF SALES TO EEA RETAIL INVESTORS – The Notes are not intended to be 
offered, sold or otherwise made available to and should not be offered, sold or otherwise made 
available to any retail investor in the EEA. For these purposes, a “retail investor” means a person 
who is one (or more) of: (i) a retail client as defined in point (11) of Article 4(1) of MiFID II; or (ii) a 
customer within the meaning of Directive (EU) 2016/97 (as amended or superseded, the 
“Insurance Distribution Directive”), where that customer would not qualify as a professional 
client as defined in point (10) of Article 4(1) of MiFID II. Consequently, no key information 
document required by Regulation (EU) No 1286/2014 (as amended or superseded, the “EU

--- Page 6 ---
6 
 
PRIIPs Regulation”) for offering or selling the Notes or otherwise making them available to retail 
investors in the EEA has been prepared and therefore offering or selling the Notes or otherwise 
making them available to any retail investor in the EEA may be unlawful under the EU PRIIPs 
Regulation. 
PROHIBITION OF SALES TO UK RETAIL INVESTORS – The Notes are not intended to be 
offered, sold or otherwise made available to and should not be offered, sold or otherwise made 
available to any retail investor in the UK. For these purposes, a “retail investor” means a person 
who is one (or more) of: (i) a retail client as defined in point (8) of Article 2 of Regulation (EU) No 
2017/565 as it forms part of UK domestic law by virtue of the EUWA; or (ii) a customer within the 
meaning of the provisions of the Financial Services and Markets Act 2000 (as amended, the 
“FSMA”) and any rules or regulations made under the FSMA to implement Directive (EU) 2016/97, 
where that customer would not qualify as a professional client as defined in point (8) of Article 
2(1) of Regulation (EU) No 600/2014 as it forms part of UK domestic law by virtue of the EUWA. 
Consequently, no key information document required by Regulation (EU) No 1286/2014 as it 
forms part of UK domestic law by virtue of the EUWA (the “UK PRIIPs Regulation”) for offering 
or selling the Notes or otherwise making them available to retail investors in the UK has been 
prepared and therefore offering or selling the Notes or otherwise making them available to any 
retail investor in the UK may be unlawful under the UK PRIIPs Regulation. 
MiFID II PRODUCT GOVERNANCE/TARGET MARKET – The applicable Final Terms in respect 
of any Notes will include a legend entitled “MiFID II Product Governance” which will outline the 
target market assessment in respect of the relevant Notes and which channels for distribution of 
the relevant Notes are appropriate. Any person subsequently offering, selling or recommending 
such Notes (an “EEA distributor”) should take into consideration the target market assessment; 
however, an EEA distributor subject to MiFID II is responsible for undertaking its own target market 
assessment in respect of such Notes (by either adopting or refining the target market assessment) 
and determining appropriate distribution channels. 
A determination will be made in relation to each issue about whether, for the purpose of the MiFID 
Product Governance rules under European Union Delegated Directive 2017/593 (as amended or 
superseded, the “MiFID II Product Governance Rules”), any Dealer subscribing for any Notes 
is a manufacturer in respect of such Notes, but otherwise none of the Arranger, the Dealers and 
any of their respective affiliates will be a manufacturer for the purpose of the MiFID II Product 
Governance Rules. 
UK MiFIR PRODUCT GOVERNANCE/TARGET MARKET – The applicable Final Terms in 
respect of any Notes will include a legend entitled “UK MiFIR Product Governance” which will 
outline the target market assessment in respect of the relevant Notes and which channels for 
distribution of the relevant Notes are appropriate. Any person subsequently offering, selling or 
recommending such Notes (a “UK distributor”) should take into consideration the target market 
assessment; however, a UK distributor subject to the FCA Handbook Product Intervention and 
Product Governance Sourcebook (the “UK MiFIR Product Governance Rules”) is responsible 
for undertaking its own target market assessment in respect of such Notes (by either adopting or 
refining the target market assessment) and determining appropriate distribution channels. 
A determination will be made in relation to each issue about whether, for the purpose of the UK 
MiFIR Product Governance Rules, any Dealer subscribing for any Notes is a manufacturer in 
respect of such Notes, but otherwise none of the Arranger, the Dealers and any of their respective 
affiliates will be a manufacturer for the purpose of the UK MiFIR Product Governance Rules.

--- Page 7 ---
7 
 
ALTERNATIVE PERFORMANCE MEASURES - Certain alternative performance measures 
(“APMs”) are included or referred to in this Prospectus (including in the documents incorporated 
by reference). APMs are non-GAAP measures used by DS Smith Plc and its consolidated 
subsidiaries (the “Group”) within its financial publications to supplement disclosures prepared in 
accordance with other applicable regulations such as the International Financial Reporting 
Standards as endorsed in the European Union based on Regulation (EC) No 1606/2002 and UK-
adopted international accounting standards within the meaning of section 474(1) of the 
Companies Act 2006 (“IFRS”). DS Smith Plc considers that these measures provide useful 
information to enhance the understanding of financial performance. The APMs should be viewed 
as complementary to, rather than a substitute for, the figures determined according to other 
regulatory measures. An explanation of each such metric’s components and calculation method 
can be found at pages 173 to 176 (inclusive) of the Annual Report and audited consolidated 
annual financial statements for the financial year ended 30 April 2021 of DS Smith Plc and at 
pages 178 to 181 (inclusive) of the Annual Report and audited consolidated annual financial 
statements for the financial year ended 30 April 2022 of DS Smith Plc (each incorporated by 
reference). 
BENCHMARKS REGULATION - Amounts payable under the Notes may be calculated by 
reference to EURIBOR (as defined in the Terms and Conditions of the Notes), as specified in the 
applicable Final Terms. As at the date of this Prospectus, the European Money Markets Institute 
(“EMMI”), the administrator of EURIBOR, is included in the register of administrators and 
benchmarks established and maintained by ESMA (the “EU Benchmarks Register”) under 
Article 36 of Regulation (EU) 2016/1011 (as amended or superseded, the "EU Benchmarks 
Regulation"), and in the UK register of administrators and benchmarks established and 
maintained by the FCA (the “UK Benchmarks Register”) pursuant to Article 36 of Regulation 
(EU) 2016/1011 as it forms part of UK domestic law by virtue of the EUWA (the “UK Benchmarks 
Regulation”). The registration status of any administrator under one or both of the EU 
Benchmarks Regulation and the UK Benchmarks Regulation is a matter of public record, and 
save where required by applicable law, the Issuers do not intend to update the applicable Final 
Terms to reflect any change in the registration status of an administrator. 
PRODUCT CLASSIFICATION PURSUANT TO SECTION 309B OF THE SECURITIES AND 
FUTURES ACT 2001 (2020 Revised Edition) OF SINGAPORE – The Final Terms in respect of 
any Notes may include a legend entitled “Notification under Section 309B(1) of the Securities and 
Futures Act 2001 (2020 Revised Edition) of Singapore” which will state the product classification 
of the Notes pursuant to Section 309B(1) of the Securities and Futures Act 2001 (2020 Revised 
Edition) of Singapore, as modified or amended from time to time (the "SFA"). The relevant Issuer 
of a Series of Notes will make a determination in relation to such issue about the classification of 
the Notes being offered for purposes of Section 309B(1)(a). Any such legend included on the 
Final Terms will constitute notice to “relevant persons” (as defined in Section 309A of the SFA) for 
the purposes of Section 309B(1)(c) of the SFA.

--- Page 8 ---
8 
 
IMPORTANT INFORMATION RELATING TO THE USE OF THIS PROSPECTUS AND 
OFFERS OF NOTES GENERALLY 
This Prospectus does not constitute an offer to sell or the solicitation of an offer to buy any Notes 
in any jurisdiction to any person to whom it is unlawful to make the offer or solicitation in such 
jurisdiction. The distribution of this Prospectus and the offer or sale of Notes may be restricted by 
law in certain jurisdictions. The Issuers, the Guarantor, the Arranger, the Dealers and the Trustee 
do not represent that this Prospectus may be lawfully distributed, or that any Notes may be 
lawfully offered, in compliance with any applicable registration or other requirements in any such 
jurisdiction, or pursuant to an exemption available thereunder, or assume any responsibility for 
facilitating any such distribution or offering. In particular, no action has been taken by the Issuers, 
the Guarantor, the Arranger, the Dealers or the Trustee which is intended to permit a public 
offering of any Notes or distribution of this Prospectus in any jurisdiction where action for that 
purpose is required. Accordingly, no Notes may be offered or sold, directly or indirectly, and neither 
this Prospectus nor any advertisement or other offering material may be distributed or published 
in any jurisdiction, except under circumstances that will result in compliance with any applicable 
laws and regulations. Persons into whose possession this Prospectus or any Notes may come 
must inform themselves about, and observe, any such restrictions on the distribution of this 
Prospectus and the offering and sale of Notes. In particular, there are restrictions on the 
distribution of this Prospectus and the offer or sale of Notes in the United States, the EEA, the 
United Kingdom, Japan, Singapore, Switzerland and Ireland, see “Subscription and Sale”. 
The Notes may not be a suitable investment for all investors. Each potential investor in the Notes 
must determine the suitability of that investment in light of its own circumstances. In particular, 
each potential investor may wish to consider, either on its own or with the help of its financial and 
other professional advisers, whether it: 
(i) 
has sufficient knowledge and experience to make a meaningful evaluation of the Notes, 
the merits and risks of investing in the Notes and the information contained or 
incorporated by reference in this Prospectus or any applicable supplement; 
(ii) 
has access to, and knowledge of, appropriate analytical tools to evaluate, in the context 
of its particular financial situation, an investment in the Notes and the impact the Notes 
will have on its overall investment portfolio; 
(iii) 
has sufficient financial resources and liquidity to bear all of the risks of an investment in 
the Notes, including Notes where the currency for principal or interest payments is 
different from the potential investor’s currency; 
(iv) 
understands thoroughly the terms of the Notes and is familiar with the behaviour of 
financial markets; and 
(v) 
is able to evaluate possible scenarios for economic, interest rate and other factors that 
may affect its investment and its ability to bear the applicable risks. 
Legal investment considerations may restrict certain investments. The investment activities of 
certain investors are subject to legal investment laws and regulations, or review or regulation by 
certain authorities. Each potential investor should consult its legal and other relevant advisers to 
determine whether and to what extent: (1) Notes are legal investments for it; (2) Notes can be 
used as collateral for various types of borrowing; and (3) other restrictions apply to its purchase

--- Page 9 ---
9 
 
or pledge of any Notes. Financial institutions should consult their legal and other relevant advisers 
or the appropriate regulators to determine the appropriate treatment of Notes under any 
applicable risk-based capital or similar rules. 
Neither the Notes nor, in the case of Notes issued by DS Smith Ireland Treasury Designated 
Activity Company, the Guarantee have been and will not be registered under the United States 
Securities Act of 1933, as amended (the “Securities Act”), and Bearer Notes are subject to U.S. 
tax law requirements. Subject to certain exceptions, Notes may not be offered, sold or delivered 
within the United States or to, or for the account or benefit of, U.S. persons (see “Subscription 
and Sale”). 
 
PRESENTATION OF INFORMATION 
In this Prospectus, all references to: 
• 
The “Issuer” are to either DS Smith Plc or DS Smith Ireland Treasury Designated Activity 
Company, as the case may be, as the issuer or proposed issuer of Notes under the 
Programme and references to the “relevant Issuer” shall be construed accordingly; 
• 
“US dollars”, “USD” and “$” refer to United States dollars; 
• 
“Sterling”, “GBP” and “£” refer to pounds sterling;  
• 
“euro”, “EUR” and “€” refer to the currency introduced at the start of the third stage of 
European economic and monetary union pursuant to the Treaty on the Functioning of the 
European Union, as amended; 
• 
The “Group” are to DS Smith Plc and its subsidiaries; and  
• 
“Subsidiaries” are to the subsidiaries of DS Smith Plc. 
 
SUPPLEMENTS TO THIS PROSPECTUS 
If at any time the Issuers and the Guarantor shall be required to prepare a supplement to this 
Prospectus pursuant to Article 23 of Regulation (EU) 2017/1129, the Issuers and the Guarantor 
shall prepare and make available an appropriate supplement to this Prospectus or a further base 
prospectus, which, in respect of any subsequent issue of Notes to be listed on the official list of 
the Luxembourg Stock Exchange and admitted to trading on the Luxembourg Stock Exchange’s 
regulated market, shall constitute a Supplement to this Prospectus, as required by Article 23 of 
Regulation (EU) 2017/1129.

--- Page 10 ---
10 
 
CONTENTS 
Page 
OVERVIEW OF THE PROGRAMME 
12 
RISK FACTORS 
19 
DOCUMENTS INCORPORATED BY REFERENCE 
49 
FORM OF THE NOTES 
51 
APPLICABLE FINAL TERMS 
55 
TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THE NOTES 
71 
USE OF PROCEEDS 
126 
DESCRIPTION OF THE ISSUERS 
127 
BOARD OF DIRECTORS 
138 
TAXATION 
140 
SUBSCRIPTION AND SALE 
145 
GENERAL INFORMATION 
150 
ANNEX  FINANCIAL INFORMATION OF  DS SMITH IRELAND TREASURY DESIGNATED 
ACTIVITY COMPANY 
154

--- Page 11 ---
11 
 
STABILISATION 
In connection with the issue of any Tranche of Notes, the Dealer or Dealers (if any) named 
as the Stabilisation Manager(s) (or persons acting on behalf of any Stabilisation 
Manager(s)) in the applicable Final Terms may over-allot Notes or effect transactions with 
a view to supporting the market price of the Notes at a level higher than that which might 
otherwise prevail. However, stabilisation may not necessarily occur. Any stabilisation 
action may begin on or after the date on which adequate public disclosure of the terms of 
the offer of the relevant Tranche of Notes is made and, if begun, may cease at any time, 
but it must end no later than the earlier of 30 days after the issue date of the relevant 
Tranche of Notes and 60 days after the date of the allotment of the relevant Tranche of 
Notes. Any stabilisation action or over-allotment must be conducted by the relevant 
Stabilisation Manager(s) (or persons acting on behalf of any Stabilisation Manager(s)) in 
accordance with all applicable laws and rules.

--- Page 12 ---
12 
 
OVERVIEW OF THE PROGRAMME 
The following overview does not purport to be complete and is taken from, and is qualified 
in its entirety by, the remainder of this Prospectus and, in relation to the terms and 
conditions of any particular Tranche of Notes, the applicable Final Terms. The relevant 
Issuer and any relevant Dealer may agree that Notes shall be issued in a form other than 
that contemplated in the Terms and Conditions, in which event, in the case of listed Notes 
only, a new Prospectus will be published. 
This overview constitutes a general description of the Programme for the purposes of Article 
25.1(b) of Commission Delegated Regulation (EU) 2019/980 supplementing the EU Prospectus 
Regulation. 
Words and expressions defined in “Form of the Notes” and “Terms and Conditions of the Notes” 
shall have the same meanings in this overview.  
Issuers: 
DS Smith Plc 
DS Smith Ireland Treasury Designated Activity Company 
Legal Entity Identifier 
(LEI) of the Issuers: 
DS Smith Plc: 39RSBE4RCI4M15BLWH36 
DS 
Smith 
Ireland Treasury 
Designated Activity 
Company: 
549300RTXB9H5ZIPT056 
Guarantor: 
DS Smith Plc in respect of Notes issued by DS Smith Ireland 
Treasury Designated Activity Company 
A Subsidiary of DS Smith Plc may accede to the Trust Deed as a 
guarantor of Notes issued under the Programme pursuant to 
Condition 3(b) (a "New Guarantor") and any such New Guarantor 
will cease to be a guarantor and be discharged from all of its 
obligations and liabilities under its guarantee of the Notes pursuant 
to Condition 3(c). See Condition 3 (Status of the Notes). 
Risk Factors: 
There are certain factors that may affect the Issuers’ and the 
Guarantor’s ability to fulfil its obligations under Notes issued under 
the Programme. These are set out under “Risk Factors”. In addition, 
there are certain factors which are material for the purpose of 
assessing the market risks associated with Notes issued under the 
Programme. These are set out under “Risk Factors” and include 
certain risks relating to the structure of particular Series of Notes and 
certain market risks. 
Description: 
Euro Medium Term Note Programme 
Arranger: 
Lloyds Bank Corporate Markets plc 
Dealers: 
Banco Santander, S.A. 
Bank of China Limited, London Branch 
BNP Paribas 
Citigroup Global Markets Limited 
Commerzbank Aktiengesellschaft

--- Page 13 ---
13 
 
Goldman Sachs International 
ING Bank N.V. 
J.P. Morgan Securities plc 
Lloyds Bank Corporate Markets plc 
NatWest Markets Plc 
UniCredit Bank AG 
 
and any other Dealers appointed in accordance with the Programme 
Agreement. 
Certain Restrictions: 
Each issue of Notes denominated in a currency in respect of which 
particular laws, guidelines, regulations, restrictions or reporting 
requirements apply will only be issued in circumstances which 
comply with such laws, guidelines, regulations, restrictions or 
reporting requirements from time to time (see “Subscription and 
Sale”) including the following restrictions applicable at the date of this 
Prospectus. 
Notes having a 
maturity of less than 
one year: 
Notes having a maturity of less than one year will constitute deposits 
for the purposes of the prohibition on accepting deposits contained 
in section 19 of the FSMA unless they are issued to a limited class of 
professional investors and have a redemption value of at least 
£100,000 or its equivalent. See “Subscription and Sale”. 
Under Part III of the Prospectus Act 2019, prospectuses relating to 
money market instruments having a maturity at issue of less than 12 
months and complying also with the definition of securities are not 
subject to the approval provisions of Part III of such Act. 
No Notes with a maturity of less than one year will be offered or sold 
by DS Smith Ireland Treasury Designated Activity Company.  
Trustee: 
Citicorp Trustee Company Limited 
Issuing and Principal 
Paying Agent and 
Transfer Agent: 
Citibank, N.A., London Branch 
Luxembourg Listing 
Agent: 
Banque Internationale à Luxembourg, société anonyme 
Registrar: 
Citibank Europe Plc, Dublin Branch 
Programme Size: 
Up to EUR 5,000,000,000 (or its equivalent in other currencies 
calculated as described in the Programme Agreement) in aggregate 
nominal amount outstanding at any time. The Issuers and the 
Guarantor may increase the amount of the Programme in 
accordance with the terms of the Programme Agreement.

--- Page 14 ---
14 
 
Distribution: 
Notes may be distributed by way of private or public placement and 
in each case on a syndicated or non-syndicated basis. 
Currencies: 
Subject to any applicable legal or regulatory restrictions, any 
currency agreed between the relevant Issuer and the relevant Dealer.
Maturities: 
The Notes will have such maturities as may be agreed between the 
relevant Issuer and the relevant Dealer, subject to such minimum or 
maximum maturities as may be allowed or required from time to time 
by the relevant central bank (or equivalent body) or any laws or 
regulations applicable to the relevant Issuer or the relevant Specified 
Currency, but no notes with a maturity of less than one year will be 
offered or sold by DS Smith Ireland Treasury Designated Activity 
Company.  
Issue Price: 
Notes may be issued on a fully-paid basis and at an issue price which 
is at par or at a discount to, or premium over, par. The applicable 
Final Terms will specify the Issue Price.  
Form of Notes: 
The Notes will be issued in bearer or registered form as described in 
“Form of the Notes”. Registered Notes will not be exchangeable for 
Bearer Notes and vice versa. 
Fixed Rate Notes: 
Fixed interest will be payable on such date or dates as may be 
agreed between the relevant Issuer and the relevant Dealer and on 
redemption and will be calculated on the basis of such Day Count 
Fraction as may be agreed between the relevant Issuer and the 
relevant Dealer. 
Floating Rate Notes: 
Floating Rate Notes will bear interest at a rate determined: 
 
(a) 
on the same basis as the floating rate under a notional 
interest rate swap transaction in the relevant Specified 
Currency governed by an agreement incorporating the 2006 
ISDA Definitions (as published by the International Swaps 
and Derivatives Association, Inc., and as amended and 
updated as at the Issue Date of the first Tranche of the Notes 
of the relevant Series); or 
 
(b) 
on the basis of the reference rate set out in the applicable 
Final Terms. 
 
The margin (if any) relating to such floating rate will be agreed 
between the relevant Issuer and the relevant Dealer for each Series 
of Floating Rate Notes. 
 
Floating Rate Notes may also have a maximum interest rate, a 
minimum interest rate or both.

--- Page 15 ---
15 
 
 
Interest on Floating Rate Notes in respect of each Interest Period, as 
agreed prior to issue by the relevant Issuer and the relevant Dealer, 
will be payable on such Interest Payment Dates, and will be 
calculated on the basis of such Day Count Fraction, as may be 
agreed between the relevant Issuer and the relevant Dealer. 
Step Up Rating 
Change and/or Step 
Down Rating Change: 
The applicable Final Terms will specify whether a Step Up Rating 
Change and/or Step Down Rating Change will apply to the Notes, in 
which case the rate of interest in respect of the Notes may be subject 
to adjustment as specified in the applicable Final Terms. See 
Condition 6.4 (Adjustment of Rate of Interest for Fixed Rate Notes 
and Floating Rate Notes). 
Zero Coupon Notes: 
Zero Coupon Notes will be offered and sold at a discount to their 
nominal amount and will not bear interest. 
Benchmark 
Discontinuation: 
If a Benchmark Event occurs in relation to an Original Reference 
Rate at any time when the Conditions provide for any Interest Rate 
(or any component part thereof) to be determined by reference to 
such Original Reference Rate, then the relevant Issuer shall use 
reasonable efforts to appoint an Independent Adviser to determine 
(in each case in consultation with the Issuer) a Successor Rate or an 
Alternative Reference Rate and an Adjustment Spread (if any) (in any 
such case, acting in good faith and in a commercially reasonable 
manner), as further described in Condition 6.2 (Interest on Floating 
Rate Notes). 
Redemption: 
Notes having a maturity of less than one year may be subject to 
restrictions on their denomination and distribution. See “Notes having 
a maturity of less than one year” above. 
Optional Redemption: 
The applicable Final Terms will indicate either that the relevant Notes 
cannot be redeemed prior to their stated maturity (other than for 
taxation reasons or following an Event of Default) or that such Notes 
will be redeemable at the option of: 
 
(a) 
the relevant Issuer pursuant to Condition 8.3 (Redemption at 
the option of the Issuer (Issuer Call)) or Condition 8.4 
(Redemption at par at the option of the Issuer (Issuer Par 
Call)); and/or 
 
(b) 
the Noteholders pursuant to Condition 8.5 (Redemption at 
the option of the Noteholders (Investor Put)) or Condition 8.6 
(Redemption at the option of the Noteholders upon a change 
of control (Change of Control Put)),  
in each case upon giving notice to the Noteholders or the relevant 
Issuer, as the case may be, on a date or dates specified prior to such

--- Page 16 ---
16 
 
stated maturity and at a price or prices and on such other terms as 
may be agreed between the relevant Issuer and the relevant Dealer.
Early Redemption: 
Except as provided in “Optional Redemption” above, Notes will be 
redeemable at the option of the relevant Issuer prior to maturity only 
for tax reasons. See Condition 8.2 (Redemption for Tax Reasons).  
Denomination of 
Notes: 
The Notes will be issued in such denominations as may be agreed 
between the relevant Issuer and the relevant Dealer save that the 
minimum denomination of each Note will be such amount as may be 
allowed or required from time to time by the relevant central bank (or 
equivalent body) or any laws or regulations applicable to the relevant 
Specified Currency (see “Notes having a maturity of less than one 
year” above) and save that the minimum denomination of each Note 
will be €100,000 (or, if the Notes are denominated in a currency other 
than euro, the equivalent amount in such currency). 
Taxation: 
All payments in respect of the Notes and the Guarantee will be made 
without deduction for or on account of withholding taxes imposed by 
any Tax Jurisdiction unless required by law as provided in Condition 
9 (Taxation). In the event that any such deduction is made, the 
relevant Issuer or, as the case may be, a Guarantor (as defined in 
the Terms and Conditions of the Notes), will, save in certain limited 
circumstances provided in Condition 9 (Taxation), be required to pay 
additional amounts to cover the amounts so deducted. 
Negative Pledge: 
The terms of the Notes will contain a negative pledge provision as 
further described in Condition 5 (Negative Pledge). 
Cross Default: 
The terms of the Notes will contain a cross default provision as further 
described in Condition 11 (Events of Default and Enforcement).  
Status of the Notes 
and the Guarantee: 
The Notes will constitute direct, unconditional, unsubordinated and 
(subject to the provisions of Condition 5 (Negative Pledge)) 
unsecured obligations of the relevant Issuer and will rank pari passu 
among themselves and, save for certain obligations required to be 
preferred by law, equally with all other unsecured obligations (other 
than subordinated obligations, if any) of the relevant Issuer, from time 
to time outstanding. 
The Notes issued by DS Smith Ireland Treasury Designated Activity 
Company will be unconditionally and irrevocably guaranteed by the 
Guarantor. 
The obligations of the Guarantor constitute direct, unconditional, 
unsubordinated and (subject to Condition 5 (Negative Pledge)) 
unsecured obligations of the Guarantor and shall, save for certain 
obligations required to be preferred by law, at all times rank at least

--- Page 17 ---
17 
 
equally with all other unsecured and unsubordinated indebtedness 
and monetary obligations of the Guarantor, present and future.  
Rating: 
Tranches of Notes issued under the Programme may be rated or 
unrated. Where a Tranche of Notes is rated, such rating will be 
disclosed in the applicable Final Terms. A security rating is not a 
recommendation to buy, sell or hold securities and may be subject to 
suspension, reduction or withdrawal at any time by the assigning 
rating agency. 
Approval, admission to 
trading and listing: 
Application has been made to the CSSF to approve this document 
as a base prospectus. Application has also been made for Notes 
issued under the Programme to be listed on the official list of the 
Luxembourg Stock Exchange and to be admitted to trading on the 
regulated market of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange.  
 
Notes may be listed or admitted to trading, as the case may be, on 
other or further stock exchanges or markets agreed between the 
relevant Issuer and the relevant Dealer in relation to the Series. 
Notes which are neither listed nor admitted to trading on any market 
may also be issued. 
 
The applicable Final Terms will state whether or not the relevant 
Notes are to be listed and/or admitted to trading and, if so, on which 
stock exchanges and/or markets. 
Governing Law: 
The Notes and any non-contractual obligations arising out of or in 
connection with the Notes will be governed by, and shall be construed 
in accordance with, English law. 
Selling Restrictions: 
There are restrictions on the offer, sale and transfer of the Notes in 
the United States, the EEA, the United Kingdom, Japan, Singapore, 
Switzerland and Ireland and such other restrictions as may be 
required in connection with the offering and sale of a particular 
Tranche of Notes. See “Subscription and Sale”. 
United States Selling 
Restrictions: 
Each Issuer is Category 2 for the purposes of Regulation S under the 
Securities Act. The Notes will not be offered or sold within the United 
States or to, or for the benefit of, U.S. persons except in certain 
transactions exempt from the registration requirements of the 
Securities Act. 
 
Bearer Notes will be issued in compliance with U.S. Treas. Reg. 
§1.163-5(c)(2)(i)(D) (or substantially identical successor U.S. 
Treasury regulation section including, without limitation, substantially 
identical successor regulations issued in accordance with Internal 
Revenue Service Notice 2012-20 or otherwise in connection with the 
U.S. Hiring Incentives to Restore Employment Act of 2010) (the “D 
Rules”) unless:

--- Page 18 ---
18 
 
 
(a) 
the relevant Final Terms state that such Notes are issued in 
compliance with U.S. Treas. Reg. 1.163-5(c)(2)(i)(C) (or 
substantially identical successor U.S. Treasury regulation 
section including, without limitation, substantially identical 
successor regulations issued in accordance with Internal 
Revenue Service Notice 2012-20 or otherwise in connection 
with the U.S. Hiring Incentives to Restore Employment Act of 
2010) (the “C Rules”); or 
 
(b) 
the Notes are issued other than in compliance with the D 
Rules or the C Rules but in circumstances in which the Notes 
will not constitute “registration required obligations” under the 
United States Tax Equity and Fiscal Responsibility Act of 
1982 (“TEFRA”), which circumstances will be referred to in 
the relevant Final Terms as a transaction to which TEFRA is 
not applicable.

--- Page 19 ---
19 
 
RISK FACTORS 
In purchasing Notes, investors assume the risk that the Issuers and/or the Guarantor may become 
insolvent or otherwise be unable to make all payments due in respect of the Notes. There is a 
wide range of factors which individually or together could result in the Issuers becoming unable 
to make all payments due in respect of the Notes. Certain risks which it currently deems not to be 
material as at the date of this Base Prospectus may become material as a result of the occurrence 
of events outside the Issuers’ control. The Issuers and the Guarantor have identified in this 
Prospectus a number of factors which could materially adversely affect their business and ability 
to make payments due under the Notes. The Issuers and the Guarantor believe that the following 
factors are the risks which are specific to the Issuers, the Guarantor and/or to the Notes and which 
are material for making an informed investment decision.  
In addition, factors which are material for the purpose of assessing the market risks associated 
with Notes issued under the Programme are also described below. 
Prospective investors should also read the detailed information set out elsewhere in this 
Prospectus and reach their own views prior to making any investment decision. 
Factors that may have a material impact on (i) the Issuers’ and the Guarantor’s ability to fulfil their 
obligations under Notes issued under the Programme and (ii) the assessment of market risks 
associated with Notes issued under the Programme are noted below, with the most material risk 
factors appearing first in each numbered category.  
DS Smith Ireland Treasury Designated Activity Company is an indirect finance subsidiary of DS 
Smith Plc and the risks applicable to DS Smith Plc are also applicable to DS Smith Ireland 
Treasury Designated Activity Company. As a result, the risk factors relating to the Group are 
deemed to cover both Issuers and the Guarantor. 
FACTORS THAT MAY AFFECT THE ISSUERS’ OR THE GUARANTOR’S ABILITY TO FULFIL 
ITS OBLIGATIONS UNDER NOTES ISSUED UNDER THE PROGRAMME 
1. 
Risks related to the Group’s business activities and industry 
DS Smith Ireland Treasury Designated Activity Company is a finance subsidiary 
DS Smith Ireland Treasury Designated Activity Company’s primary business is to provide 
financing to the Group. DS Smith Ireland Treasury Designated Activity Company is a wholly-
owned, indirect finance subsidiary of DS Smith Plc and its principal activity is to provide financing 
to other members of the Group. Substantially all of DS Smith Ireland Treasury Designated Activity 
Company’s assets will be loans and advances made by DS Smith Ireland Treasury Designated 
Activity Company to other members of the Group. DS Smith Ireland Treasury Designated Activity 
Company is, therefore, dependent upon the relevant members of the Group paying interest on, 
and repaying, its loans in a timely fashion. If such members of the Group fail to pay interest on, 
or repay, any loan in a timely fashion, this could have a material adverse effect on the ability of 
DS Smith Ireland Treasury Designated Activity Company to fulfil its obligations under the Notes. 
It is for this reason the Notes issued by DS Smith Ireland Treasury Designated Activity Company 
are guaranteed by DS Smith Plc. By virtue of its dependence on DS Smith Plc, each of the risks 
described herein that affect DS Smith Plc will also indirectly affect DS Smith Ireland Treasury

--- Page 20 ---
20 
 
Designated Activity Company which could have a materially adverse effect on DS Smith Ireland 
Treasury Designated Activity Company’s ability to pay the Noteholders. 
The Group is dependent on economic and political conditions in the markets in which it 
operates 
The Group’s packaging products are generally sold to manufacturers and other intermediaries in 
both the consumer goods and industrial sectors. Since the markets for packaging products in 
many industrialised countries are generally mature, there is a significant degree of correlation 
between economic growth and demand for packaging products, especially with respect to 
customers outside the fast moving consumer goods (“FMCG”) sector. As a result, the Group’s 
performance depends to a significant extent on a number of macroeconomic factors which impact 
consumer and commercial spending, all of which are outside its control and difficult to predict. 
Factors which impact on disposable consumer income and the level of industrial activity include, 
among other things, GDP growth, unemployment rates, consumer and business confidence, 
social and industrial unrest, the availability and cost of credit, foreign exchange rates, interest 
rates, taxation, regulatory changes, commodity (including oil and gas) and utility prices and 
terrorist attacks. These factors could have a material adverse effect on the Group’s business, 
financial condition, results of operations and/or future prospects. 
The challenging global economic conditions, for example due to the Covid-19 pandemic, 
downturn in the global economy, labour and supply shortages, increasing inflation and rising 
interest rates as well as continuing economic weakness in the European Union has contributed 
to ongoing market uncertainty and a sustained period of low economic growth in Europe. In 
addition, the current conflict between Russia and Ukraine could have significant adverse effects 
on economic activity. The extent of the consequences of this with regard to energy price 
increases, raw material supply shortages and inflation as a whole on the one hand, and trade 
restrictions and sanctions on the other hand, but also counter-reactions and the duration of such 
a conflict, are not foreseeable at this time. The timing or rate at which economic conditions in the 
Group’s markets may recover is difficult to predict and there can be no assurance as to the level 
of future economic growth, which is a factor affecting the demand for certain of the Group’s 
products. Accordingly, the demand for certain of the Group’s products and the level of consumer 
spend would likely be adversely affected by a period of slow economic growth and the weakening 
of major economies, which could have a material adverse effect on the Group’s business, financial 
condition, results of operations and/or future prospects. 
Uncertainties and instability in global market conditions have also been further affected by the 
UK’s departure from the European Union. The Group has significant operations in the UK and 
throughout the European Union. For the financial year ending 30 April 2022 (“FY 2022”), the 
Group’s activities in the UK represented 15 per cent. of the Group’s revenue, while the Group’s 
activities in Europe represented 76 per cent. of the Group’s revenue.  
The end of the 11-month transitional period following the termination of the UK’s membership of 
the European Union on 31 January 2020 (the “Brexit Transition Period”) saw the agreement of 
a trade deal between the UK and the EU (the “EU-UK Trade Agreement”). The EU-UK Trade 
Agreement had provisional application pending completion of ratification procedures and entered 
into force on 1 May 2021. 85 per cent. of the Group’s revenue is generated outside of the UK with 
the majority of operations in continental Europe. While there have been some friction impacts 
following the end of the Brexit Transition Period, the Group’s ability to service its customer’s 
needs, whether they are inside or outside of the EU, may not be materially affected by Brexit.

--- Page 21 ---
21 
 
However, to the extent that there is residual market uncertainty following the end of the Brexit 
Transition Period and any subsequent period of low economic growth in the UK, the demand for 
certain of the Group’s products may be adversely affected, which could have a material adverse 
effect on the Group’s business, financial condition, results of operations and/or future prospects. 
There is continuing uncertainty over the long-term effects of the monetary and fiscal policies that 
have been adopted by the central banks and financial authorities of a number of the world’s 
economies, including those of the UK and of the European Union. An increase in inflation may 
impact the Group’s cost base through increased costs of labour and supply of material, products 
and services. Although inflation is a normal part of business and the Group has measures in place 
to address this, it may not be possible to fully compensate for such increased costs, particularly 
if they are sustained over a prolonged period of time, through increased sales prices to the 
Group’s customers. This could lead to lower margins and decreased financial performance.  
Operating internationally subjects the Group to the risk that business or market 
disruptions will result in delays and/or increased costs in the production or delivery of its 
products and services or disrupt demand for its products 
The Group operates and will continue to operate in many different countries. As a result, the 
Group will be vulnerable to risks related to its international operations, including: 
(a) 
imposition of tariffs, quotas, import duties, additional taxes or other market 
barriers; 
(b) 
increased difficulty in the collection of accounts receivable, including longer 
collection periods; 
(c) 
inconsistent regulations and unexpected changes in legislation or regulatory 
requirements; 
(d) 
increased difficulty and expense in hiring and dismissing employees; 
(e) 
imposition of quotas relating to the composition of the employee base or the local 
sourcing of raw materials or other similar quotas; 
(f) 
political and economic instability (including financial crises, civil unrest, wars, 
international conflicts, greater and tighter government regulation on cross-border 
trading, production, pricing and the environment), disruptions and government 
intervention in national economies and social structures, including the threat of 
terrorism; 
(g) 
work stoppages, transport interruptions and difficulties in managing international 
operations; 
(h) 
government expropriation of private sector assets; 
(i) 
adverse tax consequences and inability to repatriate cash; and 
(j) 
adverse currency fluctuations.

--- Page 22 ---
22 
 
The occurrence of any of the foregoing could have a material adverse effect on the Group’s 
earnings as a result of the related delays and/or increased costs in the production and delivery of 
products. 
Fluctuations in cost and availability of raw materials (including the price of paper) and 
energy costs could adversely affect the Group’s profitability 
The largest component of the Group’s cost of sales is raw material costs. The Group’s raw 
material costs are subject to variations in supply and demand which results in volatility in their 
pricing. 
The Group’s paper manufacturing operations provide a degree of security over supply but do not 
eliminate the Group’s exposure to fluctuations in the cost and availability of raw materials as the 
Group remains a net purchaser of corrugated case material (“CCM”) from third-party suppliers. 
An important driver of used paper and old corrugated cases (“OCC”) prices, a raw material used 
to produce CCM, is the balance of supply and demand for paper products in general. The Group 
is therefore exposed to fluctuations in the availability of raw materials and price of OCC, which as 
at the date of this Prospectus remains high relative to historic levels. The price of used paper and 
OCC is also influenced by overseas demand, principally from China, which is driven by economic 
growth in China, as well as the relative strength of the euro and the US dollar (which impacts 
demand from continental Europe and the United States, respectively). This exposure could be 
increased if there was disruption to the Group’s recycling business, which collects and trades 
waste paper to supply certain of its paper mills. Any significant disruption to the Group’s recycling 
business could therefore have a material impact on the operation of the Group’s paper mills and 
lead to a material adverse effect on the Group’s business, financial condition, results of operations 
and/or future prospects. 
Many of the Group’s customer contracts contain price adjustment clauses allowing the Group to 
pass increased raw material costs on to its customers. However, not all of the Group’s agreements 
contain these clauses and these clauses may not in all cases be effective in offsetting the Group’s 
increased costs. In addition, where the Group is able to raise prices there is generally a short-
term lag between the time the Group’s raw material costs increase and the time it realises 
increased pricing from customers. As a result, margins may be reduced for a period of time until 
price increases are achieved to recover input cost increases. Any inability to recover input cost 
increases through aligning packaging sales revenues with the costs of raw materials could lead 
to a material adverse effect on the Group’s business, financial condition, results of operations 
and/or future prospects. 
The Group continues to have significant exposure to energy costs, in particular for gas, electricity 
and other fuel costs. The Group’s total energy costs were £609 million in FY 2022 (compared to 
£325 million in the financial year ending 30 April 2021 (“FY 2021”)) or 9.1 per cent. of the Group’s 
total operating costs for the period. The Group’s transportation costs are also impacted by energy 
costs since a key component of transportation costs relates to the cost of petrol. 
The Group’s energy costs could increase as a result of regulatory changes relating to its 
compliance with the United Kingdom and European Union Emission Trading Schemes (the “UK 
ETS” and “EU ETS” respectively). The Group’s European and United Kingdom paper mills are 
subject to the EU ETS and UK ETS, respectively. The current ETS Directive for the period 2021-
2030 is expected to increase the short position over time. The paper industry has been granted 
status as a so-called “carbon leakage” sector, and the Group’s European mills therefore receive

--- Page 23 ---
23 
 
a reducing portion of CO2 emission certificates for free. Even with these certificates, there is 
considerable risk that in the future the Group’s costs will significantly increase as both the cost of 
carbon allowances and the balance to be purchased in the market increase and will not be fully 
recovered through higher prices for the Group’s end products. 
The Group manages the risk of increasing energy costs through its energy procurement group 
which aims to reduce the volatility of energy costs and to provide the Group with a degree of 
certainty over future energy costs by hedging energy costs with suppliers and financial institutions. 
However, there can be no certainty that the Group’s energy cost hedging strategy will continue to 
manage such impact in the future. Volatile and increasing energy prices, including as a 
consequence of the conflict between Russia and Ukraine, or a failure in this hedging approach 
could have a material adverse effect on the Group’s business, financial condition, results of 
operations and/or future prospects. 
The Group is exposed to intense competition in the packaging industry, as well as 
downward pressure on pricing due to the commoditisation of CCM 
The packaging industry is characterised by commoditisation of products, a high level of price 
competition and cyclicality, as well as other competitive factors including innovation, design, 
quality and service. In addition, the packaging industry is highly fragmented due to the 
requirement to have packaging facilities in close proximity to customers’ facilities to reduce 
transportation costs, resulting in a substantial level of localised competition. To the extent that any 
of the Group’s competitors are more successful with respect to any key competitive factor or there 
are new market entrants, in each case either generally or in a particular region, the Group’s 
business, results of operations and financial position could be adversely affected. Furthermore, 
the Group has seen competitors in both Europe and the United States convert graphic and 
newsprint machines into CCM machines, which can reduce the lead time it may take the Group’s 
competitors to increase their production capacity. Such increases in production capacity can also 
lead to downward pricing pressure. Pricing pressure could arise from, among other things, limited 
demand growth and existing overcapacity in a market, price reductions by competitors, the ability 
of competitors to capitalise on their existing economies of scale and create excess product supply, 
the consolidation of competitors and/or customers, the ability of competitors to operate or 
successfully relocate or open production facilities in countries where production costs are lower 
than those in which the Group operates and the access of competitors to new technology which 
the Group does not possess. There is also a risk that the Group’s competitors may succeed in 
imitating the Group’s integration model that challenges the Group’s supply cycle business model.  
Competition could be intensified due to a major development or breakthrough in packaging 
technology or materials which would create a substitute for one or more of the Group’s key 
product lines, due to companies developing new cost structures (including through consolidation 
or relocation to countries with lower material and processing costs) or due to competitors 
establishing co-operative relationships or alliances among themselves or with third parties to 
increase the competitiveness of their products or through advances in existing fibre technologies 
or the development of new fibre technologies. To the extent that the Group’s competitors patent 
any such technologies, the Group may be less able to compete effectively with them. With respect 
to fibre technologies, the packaging and paper industries have traditionally used wood and 
recycled fibres in their products, but these industries are increasingly developing alternative fibres 
to use in packaging and paper products. The Group may be unable to anticipate new fibre 
technology trends or develop improvements to its current fibre technologies and/or offer new fibre 
technology substitutes to support changes to customer products and services. Furthermore, the

--- Page 24 ---
24 
 
success of the Group’s ability to keep up with fibre technology developments may be affected by 
the development efforts of its competitors, which may have more financial and other resources to 
better ascertain technology trends, customer preferences, and changing business expectations 
or models. The Group’s assessment and response may as a result be incomplete or inferior when 
compared to its competitors, which could adversely affect its product development roadmaps and 
associated product revenue streams. If new fibre technologies are able to make use of lower cost 
raw materials this could impact the Group’s costs of sales and its pricing structure. Accordingly, 
in the event of any such event above, the Group’s sales, margins or market shares may decrease. 
Furthermore, if the Group’s response to changing market dynamics is too slow, this may also 
adversely affect revenue streams. Accordingly, in such events the Group’s sales, margins and/or 
market shares may decrease. These and other competitive pressures may prevent the Group 
from competing successfully against current or future competitors. Such competitive pressures 
could have a significant impact on the Group’s business, financial condition, results of operations 
and/or future prospects. 
If developing fibre technologies are able to make use of lower cost raw materials, the Group’s 
inability to manage any material decline in fibre quality, and leakage of fibre to other applications 
could have a significant impact on the Group’s business, financial condition, results of operations 
and/or future prospects. 
Furthermore, CCM cannot generally be differentiated by producer, and this standardisation has 
led to intense price competition resulting in the cyclicality historically observed in the market for 
CCM. This could in turn lead to a reduction in the Group’s market share as well as lower product 
prices for its packaging products for which CCM is the principal production input, both of which 
could reduce earnings and have a material adverse effect on the Group’s business, financial 
condition, results of operations and/or future prospects. 
Intense competition places the Group in a position of dependence in relation to critical suppliers 
and key customers. The Group’s inability to foster these relationships and inability to manage any 
material change in sales volume and pricing strategy could have a significant impact on the 
Group’s business, financial condition, results of operations and/or future prospects. 
The Group’s business has in the past faced significant cyclical downward pricing pressure, 
including as a result of standardisation, in certain of the markets in which it operates. Although 
the Group has sought to differentiate a number of its products, the Group still faces significant 
pressure to reduce its per unit cost to achieve commercially acceptable returns, including through 
achieving economies of scale, lower input costs, and increasing efficiency. In circumstances 
where the Group is unable to adjust its cost base comparably to its competition in these markets 
or sufficiently differentiate its products, pricing pressure could have a material adverse effect on 
the Group’s business, financial condition, results of operations and/or future prospects. 
The Group is exposed to the risk of changes in customer preferences, customer demand 
and product substitution 
Changes in customer preferences affect the demand for packaging and paper products in general 
and in particular the demand for specific grades of packaging and paper products. Some of the 
most significant changes in customer preferences relating to paper usage have included interest 
in environmentally-friendly products such as recycled packaging. To the extent that there are 
advances in other technologies such as plastic packaging or other materials, which result in fibre-
based packaging no longer being the sustainable product of choice, there is a high risk that the

--- Page 25 ---
25 
 
Group’s products may be substituted or replaced by competing products. Consumer spending is 
also expected to grow across the full FMCG spectrum from mega- to micro-brands and omni-
channel distribution networks of big box superstores and discounters. An inability to continue to 
offer innovative and environmentally-friendly products to meet customer needs, a failure to 
anticipate and satisfy new customer preferences (including those that may develop as a result of 
advances in fibre technologies or as a result of a shift in customer recycling behaviour) and a 
failure to adapt to the expected growth in consumer spending may adversely affect the Group’s 
profitability and financial position. 
In recent years, online shopping and e-commerce have been a significant growth opportunity for 
the Group’s business. Online shopping and e-commerce have increased the demand for 
packaging due to the requirement for packaging that suitably protects the product through the 
supply chain and can be re-used for returns, and at the same time markets the product or brand. 
To the extent that demand in this area decreases or the Group does not identify or effectively 
respond to consumers’ trends or preferences in this area, this could negatively impact the Group’s 
investments and/or initiatives aimed at developing the range of packaging products and services 
that it offers customers to support sales through the full retail spectrum. Any delay or failure of the 
Group to adequately or effectively respond to changing demand, consumer tastes, preferences 
and shopping patterns could negatively affect the Group’s relationship with its customers, the 
demand for the products it sells and the Group’s market share and overall growth. 
The Group’s main products, including corrugated containers and solid board packaging, compete 
with other forms of packaging. There can be no assurance that further substitution will not occur 
in this sector, other sectors or other regions in which the Group operates, nor can there be any 
assurance that future packaging developments and trends will not drive further substitution. Any 
significant substitution away from paper-based packaging products may however have a material 
adverse effect on the Group’s business, financial condition, results of operations and/or future 
prospects. 
The Group may not be able to recruit or retain key management personnel or suitably 
qualified employees 
The success of the Group depends, and will continue to depend, on the efforts, abilities, 
experience and expertise of its executive leadership and senior management teams, and on 
recruiting, retaining, motivating, effectively communicating with and developing highly skilled 
technical and competent people at all levels of the organisation. There can be strong competition 
for personnel from other companies and organisations, as well as other factors such as changing 
demographics, labour workforce trends (including remote work expectations) and future 
pandemics, and there may at any time be shortages in the availability of appropriately skilled 
people at all levels within the Group. While the Group has employment or service contracts with 
its key executives and technical personnel, and has in place schemes which provide for share 
grants (or equivalent cash-based awards) to incentivise key executives and technical personnel, 
including the need to offer higher levels of compensation in certain instances, it cannot guarantee 
the retention of such key executives and technical personnel. The failure to retain and/or recruit 
additional or substitute senior managers and/or other key employees and a failure to identify and 
resource for future capability requirements such that there is a gap in skills and knowledge across 
key business areas could have a material adverse effect on the Group’s business, financial 
condition, results of operations and/or future prospects.

--- Page 26 ---
26 
 
Certain parts of the Group’s business are dependent on the availability of skilled and semi-skilled 
employees. A shortage of labour owing to the Group’s inability to attract and retain such 
employees could have a material adverse effect on the Group’s business, financial condition, 
results of operations and/or future prospects. 
Failure to maintain good employee relations may affect the Group’s operations 
Future developments in relation to the Group’s business could adversely affect relations with 
employees. The Group has collective agreements in place with national works councils and trade 
unions. The Group also has a collective agreement in place with a European Works Council, 
which brings together employee representatives from the different European countries in which 
the Group operates and provides a forum for information sharing and consultation. If there is a 
substantial change to the terms of any collective bargaining agreements or an acceptable 
agreement to the Group cannot be reached at all when the collective agreements are renewed, 
the Group could face increased labour costs or disruptions as a result of labour union activity in 
the future. Labour disputes or other problems could lead to a substantial interruption to the 
Group’s business and have a material adverse effect on the Group’s business, financial condition, 
results of operations and/or future prospects. 
The Group’s employee relations depend on its ability to drive innovation, manage change and 
engage the workforce, and failure to do so could have a material adverse effect on the Group’s 
business, financial condition, results of operations and/or future prospects. 
The occurrence of major operational problems or natural disasters including future crisis 
events affecting one or more of the Group’s facilities could have a material adverse effect 
on the Group 
The revenues of the Group will be dependent on the continued operation of its various 
manufacturing facilities. Operational risks include fire, floods or other natural disasters, equipment 
failure (including any failure of the Group’s information technology systems), failure to comply with 
applicable regulations and industry standards, raw material supply disruptions, labour force 
shortages or work stoppages, future crises events such as pandemics and other events impeding 
business continuity, or increasing the cost of, transporting supplies and/or the Group’s products. 
If the Group is unable to obtain timely replacements for damaged inventory or equipment, or if it 
is unable to find an acceptable third party manufacturer as a substitute for the Group’s production 
facilities damaged by a catastrophic event, then major disruptions to production would result 
which would have significant adverse effects on the Group’s business, financial condition, results 
of operations and/or future prospects. If certain equipment were to fail, the Group may need to 
rely on sourcing products or materials from the open market that it would typically produce, which 
could increase costs significantly if the repair or replacements took some time to address. The 
Group carries both property insurance and business interruption insurance, but these may not be 
sufficient to cover certain damages or lost profits as a result of the disruption to its production. 
Whilst the manufacturing of certain products can be transferred to other sites or replaced with 
open market purchases, any disruption of the manufacturing processes could result in delivery 
delays, interrupt the production or even lead to a full cessation of production. The resulting loss 
of revenue and the impact on the Group’s relationships with its customers could be significant 
and may adversely affect the Group’s business, financial condition, results of operations and/or 
future prospects.

--- Page 27 ---
27 
 
Failure of corporate governance and systems, reputation harm 
The Group may fail to maintain its reputation and integrity in its management processes and 
procedures through weaknesses underpinning the principle of a sound corporate governance 
system which could result in a systematic failure of, or systemic weakness in the internal systems 
of control and operational failure across one or more areas including finance, tax, health, safety 
and environment, IT system integrity, product safety or critical production processes which could 
have a material adverse effect on the Group’s business, financial condition, results of operations 
and/or future prospects. 
The Group’s business model and/or reputation could also be damaged through adverse legal 
and/or regulatory change or from direct intervention from legislators which could have a material 
adverse effect on the Group’s business, financial condition, results of operations and/or future 
prospects. 
The Group’s governance model may fail to support the organisational structure of the business 
and its geographical location which, if it results in unauthorised, illegal, unethical or inappropriate 
activities, such as activities in breach of data privacy, anti-bribery or anti-trust regulations, could 
have a material adverse effect on the Group’s business, financial condition, results of operations 
and/or future prospects. 
The cyclical nature of the paper industry could result in overcapacity and consequently 
threaten the Group’s pricing structure 
The paper industry historically operates in a cyclical pattern with periodic overcapacity resulting 
in pressure on pricing of packaging products. This cyclicality arises, in part, from the capital 
intensity of facilities such as paper mills (which generally results in continued production by paper 
mills as long as paper prices are sufficient to cover their marginal costs), the long lead time 
between the planning and completion of a new mill and the fact that additions to CCM 
manufacturing capacity, either by manufacturing sites located within CCM markets or imported 
into CCM markets by competitors, can be large relative to the overall demand for the product. 
Consequently, the paper industry has from time to time experienced periods of substantial 
overcapacity and there can be no assurance that this will not recur. In the absence of sufficient 
economic growth to generate increased demand or the closure of facilities (either temporarily or 
permanently) to mitigate the effect, new capacity can cause a period of regional overcapacity 
which may lead to downward pricing pressure. In periods of overcapacity, industry participants 
may stop operating certain of their production facilities periodically to reduce inventory levels. In 
the event that the Group reduces or stops production at its mills for any significant length of time, 
but its competitors continue production at high levels, the Group’s sales volumes could be 
adversely affected without any significant offsetting benefit of improved prices in the market. 
These adverse effects could be further exacerbated in the event that producers in certain markets 
experience overcapacity within their own local and regional markets and seek to increase their 
level of exports into those markets within which the Group operates and do so at pricing levels 
which are uneconomic for the Group. Any of the foregoing could have a material adverse effect 
on the Group’s business, financial condition, results of operations and/or future prospects. 
There is a risk of unanticipated and prolonged price increases of specific paper grades which the 
Group sources from third party suppliers and which are required to meet the demands of the 
Group’s packaging business’s “Performance Assurance Consistency Environmental” project 
(which seeks to utilise clear performance specifications and conformance criteria to produce

--- Page 28 ---
28 
 
reliable consistent packaging using no more materials than necessary). Such prolonged price 
increases and lack of flexibility or delay in adapting to a prolonged period of price increases in the 
Group’s organisational model and compromises or fails to produce the expected results within its 
recycling paper and packaging operations could have a material adverse effect on the Group’s 
business, financial condition, results of operations and/or future prospects. 
The Group may be unable to implement its growth strategy successfully 
The Group’s vision is to be the leading supplier of sustainable packaging solutions on a broad 
geographical basis. The Group may not be able to implement its growth strategy if it fails to 
support its pan-European and FMCG customers as these companies seek to expand and become 
more global in their supply chain. Furthermore, the Group’s Pan-European and multinational 
FMCG customers may not increase their purchase of the Group’s products as the Group expands 
into new geographic markets. A key element of the Group’s acquisition growth strategy is to 
integrate acquired operations, and the Group’s ability to realise the expected benefits from future 
acquisitions depends, in large part, on its ability to integrate the new operations in a timely and 
effective manner. There can be no assurance that the Group will be successful in implementing 
its growth strategy, including integrating newly acquired businesses. Furthermore, the Group’s 
strategy depends on its ability to identify and acquire suitable assets at desirable prices. There 
can be no assurance that it will be successful in identifying or purchasing suitable assets in the 
future. If the Group fails to make further acquisitions, it may not be able to continue to grow in the 
long term at the same pace as its pan-European and multinational FMCG customers or 
adequately support those customers’ needs if they do seek to integrate, expand and become 
more global in their supply chain. There can be no assurance that it will successfully manage its 
strategy to grow organically and by acquisition if there is a sustained material reduction in the 
demand for the Group’s products. 
Additionally, acquisitions and similar arrangements involve a number of risks, including potential 
disruptions to the Group’s ongoing business and internal environment, potential customer overlap 
or loss of customers, additional financial costs associated with financing such transactions, 
potential assumption of liabilities of the acquired business and unexpected tax or litigation 
liabilities or regulatory requirements. Any difficulties or delays in achieving successful integration 
of new acquisitions could prevent the Group from successfully implementing its growth strategy 
and could have a material adverse effect on its business, financial condition, results of operations 
and/or future prospects. 
General economic or industry wide conditions may adversely affect both FMCG and industrial 
sector growth rates and productive capacities resulting in an increase in raw material and 
production costs and/or a decline in volumes and/or prices. Operational difficulties, key personnel 
turnover, competition and delays in implementing initiatives or inadequacy of management 
forecasts in guiding initiatives could have an adverse effect on the Group’s ability to implement 
its growth strategy. Underpinning the Group’s growth strategy is its focus on service and product 
innovation to capture market share within the European region. The Group’s growth potential 
depends in large part on its ability to identify and develop new products or new services or uses 
for existing products that address its customers’ unmet needs. However, balancing current growth 
and investment for the future remains a challenge given the markets in which the Group operates. 
The Group’s ongoing investments in new product introductions and innovations may also exceed 
corresponding revenue growth. Additionally, the Group’s research and development investment 
plans and resources may not be correctly matched between consumer preferences of its pan-
European and multinational FMCG customers and the markets in which it operates. Failure to

--- Page 29 ---
29 
 
invest in the right platforms, product ranges, geographic markets and/or licensing opportunities to 
deliver robust innovation and a service pipeline could adversely impact the Group’s innovation 
growth strategy. It is not possible to predict the timing or impact of the introduction of products 
and innovations from competitors or their possible effect on the Group’s growth plans. 
The inability of the Group to implement its growth strategy successfully could have a material 
adverse effect on the Group’s business, financial condition, results of operations and/or future 
prospects. 
Adverse economic and credit conditions may have an adverse effect on the Group’s ability 
to finance its growth strategy through debt 
The Group’s ability to raise debt finance in the medium and longer term will be significantly 
influenced by, among other things, general economic conditions, the Issuers’ and the Guarantor’s 
credit rating and developments in the credit markets. There can be no assurance that the Group 
will be able to raise debt finance on attractive terms, or at all. If this were to occur, it could have a 
material adverse effect on the ability to implement the growth strategy and have a negative impact 
on the Group’s business, financial condition, results of operations and/or future prospects. The 
Group’s level of indebtedness could subject the Group to restrictions on its operations and limit 
its ability to finance future operations and capital needs or to pursue business opportunities and 
activities. 
The Group’s debt service obligations could have important adverse consequences for the Group’s 
operations, including for example: 
(a) 
making it difficult for the Issuers and the Guarantor to satisfy their obligations with respect 
to the Notes; 
(b) 
requiring the Group to dedicate a substantial portion of its cash flow from operations to 
payments on its debt, which may reduce the funds available to service working capital, 
capital expenditures, for acquisitions and limit the Group’s flexibility in operating its 
business; 
(c) 
increasing the Group’s vulnerability to both general and industry specific adverse 
economic conditions; and 
(d) 
limiting the Group’s ability to borrow additional funds or raise further capital. 
The Group’s financing arrangements contain financial and other restrictive covenants that limit 
the way in which the Group operates its business, including for example, restrictions on, among 
other things, the Group’s ability to: 
• 
borrow money; 
• 
create certain liens or grant certain types of security; 
• 
make certain asset dispositions; 
• 
issue certain guarantees; 
• 
enter into transactions with affiliates; and

--- Page 30 ---
30 
 
• 
in the case of the Issuer, enter into any amalgamation, demerger, merger or corporate 
reorganisation. 
A portion of the Group’s debt bears interest at variable rates. An increase in the interest rates on 
the Group’s debt will therefore reduce the funds available to repay the Group’s debt and to finance 
its operations and future business opportunities and, as a result, may have a material adverse 
impact on the Group’s business, financial condition, results of operations and/or future prospects. 
Capital investment projects may require substantial funds and carry risks which might 
adversely affect the Group 
The Group’s business requires ongoing capital investment to expand, maintain and upgrade 
existing facilities, to develop new facilities and to ensure compliance with new regulatory 
requirements. For FY 2022, the Group’s gross capital expenditure was £431 million.Net capital 
expenditure increased by £92 million to £415 million in the year. The Group continued to focus on 
growth and efficiency capital projects, which represented 56 per cent. of the reported spend in 
the year. Projects that require significant capital expenditure (including new energy and carbon 
reduction initiatives) carry risks including: failure to complete a project within the prescribed 
project timetable; failure to complete a project to budget; failure of the project to perform according 
to prescribed operating specifications following its completion; and significant, unforeseen 
changes in input costs or inability to sell the envisaged volumes or achieve envisaged price levels. 
If project challenges arise that could impact the availability of funds for capital investment projects, 
the Group’s medium-term capital investment projects could be delayed or postponed in order for 
the Group to manage sufficient working capital for its requirements. Such delays or postponement 
could decrease the growth capital investments undertaken by the Group in the medium-term, 
including to projects aimed at enhancing operational efficiencies, any of which could have a 
material adverse effect on the Group’s growth and on its business, financial condition, results of 
operations, or prospects. The Group takes into account and will continue to take into account its 
working capital requirements in the planning of its current and future capital investment projects. 
Due to the significant amount of capital required and the potential long lead time between planning 
and completion of capital investment projects, project failure could have a material adverse effect 
on the Group’s business, financial condition, results of operations and/or future prospects. 
The Group’s estimates, assumptions and judgments underlying its medium-term targets 
and the assumptions upon which these medium-term targets are based may prove 
inaccurate, and as a result the Group may be unable to successfully meet its objectives or 
achieve desired financial results 
The Group has established certain medium-term targets relating to its consolidated results of 
operations in the next few years. These medium-term targets relate to the Group’s organic 
corrugated box volume growth, return on sales, return on average capital employed, ratio of net 
debt to EBITDA and cash conversion (see “Description of DS Smith Plc and DS Smith Ireland - 
Business Strategy and Strengths” below). These targets assume, among other things, resilience 
and sustainability in the Group’s business model and the Group growing its packaging business. 
The Group’s ability to achieve its targets will depend upon whether these assumptions are 
accurate, as well as upon a number of factors outside of its control. These include significant 
business, economic and competitive uncertainties and contingencies, as well as actions taken by 
counterparties. These targets have been developed based upon assumptions with respect to 
future business decisions and conditions that are subject to change, including the Group’s ability 
to successfully execute its strategy and product development plan, as well as growth in the

--- Page 31 ---
31 
 
markets in which the Group operates. As a result, the Group’s actual results may vary significantly 
from the targets set out in this Prospectus, and those variations may have a material adverse 
effect on the Group’s business, financial condition, results of operations and/or future prospects. 
Failure to integrate successfully and manage acquired operations may adversely affect the 
Group’s business 
To the extent that the Group seeks further growth through acquisitions of, or mergers with, other 
companies, it faces risks including unidentified liabilities of the companies which it may acquire 
or merge with, the possible inability to integrate successfully, manage acquired operations and 
personnel and the potential failure to achieve the economies of scale, synergies or other benefits 
sought. Any difficulties or delays in achieving successful integration of new acquisitions could 
have a material adverse effect on the Group’s business, financial condition, results of operations 
and/or future prospects. 
Uninsured losses or losses in excess of the Group’s insurance coverage for various risks 
could adversely affect the Group 
The Group maintains business insurance that it considers to be adequate and appropriate for its 
business and activities. Certain types of risks such as losses due to natural disasters, riots, acts 
of war or terrorism are, however, either uninsurable or not economically insurable. In addition, 
even if a loss is insured, the Group may be required to pay a significant deductible on any claim 
for recovery of such loss prior to the insurer being obliged to reimburse the Group for the loss, or 
the amount of the loss may exceed the Group’s coverage for the loss. Any uninsured losses could 
have a material adverse effect on the Group’s business, financial condition, results of operations 
and/or future prospects. 
The Group faces cyber-security threats that could result in operational disruptions or data 
breaches to critical information technology (“IT”) infrastructure or third-party IT 
infrastructure which could have a material adverse effect on the Group’s operations, 
supply cycle or reputation 
The Group’s business and manufacturing operations rely upon secure information and 
operational technology systems for data capture, processing, storage and reporting. Despite 
continuing investment in the Group’s IT security efforts and ongoing controls, there can be no 
assurance that the Group’s IT and industrial control systems and the systems of its third party 
providers will not be subject to employee error or fraud, cyber-attacks such as ransomware and 
data theft by common hackers, criminal groups or nation-state organisations or social activist 
("hacktivist") organisations, geopolitical events, natural disasters, failures or vulnerabilities of 
telecommunications networks or other catastrophic events. In addition, the cybersecurity-related 
threats that the Group faces may remain undetected for an extended period of time, making its 
defence against these cyber-attacks difficult to respond to in a timely fashion. Network, system, 
application and data breaches may result in operational disruptions or information misuse 
including, but not limited to, interruption to systems availability, denial of access and the 
compromise or failure of applications that are required by the Group to conduct its business with 
both suppliers and customers. Access to internal applications required to plan the Group’s 
operations, source materials, manufacture and transport goods and account for orders could be 
denied or stolen. Theft of intellectual property or trade secrets, and inappropriate disclosure of 
confidential company, employee, customer or supplier information, could arise from such 
incidents. Any such disruptions, a failure to maintain the integrity of information and/or a failure to

--- Page 32 ---
32 
 
stop and/or identify sophisticated malicious cyber intruders in the Group’s IT and operational 
technology infrastructure may result in lost sales, business delays, product development delays 
and compromised confidential or technical business information and breach of applicable privacy 
laws or data protection regulation, such as the General Data Protection Regulation (EU) 2016/679 
as it forms part of UK domestic law by virtue of the EUWA, which may harm the Group’s 
competitive position, may result in significant penalties, other types of enforcement action and 
private litigation and cause reputational damage. This could have a material adverse effect on the 
Group’s business, financial condition, results of operations and/or future prospects as well as 
impact the Group’s suppliers and customers. 
2. 
Risks related to the Group’s financial situation 
The Group is subject to risk resulting from movements in foreign exchange rates and 
interest rates and credit rating downgrades 
The Group is and will continue to be exposed to the translation of the results of overseas 
subsidiaries into its reporting currency, pounds sterling, as well as the impact of currency 
fluctuations on its commercial transactions denominated in foreign currencies. Adverse 
movements in foreign exchange rates relating to foreign currency denominated commodities, 
assets and liabilities, and transactions could have a material impact on the Group’s business, 
financial condition, results of operations and/or future prospects. 
Interest rate risk is the risk that the Group will sustain losses from adverse movements in interest 
bearing assets and liabilities. As at 30 April 2022, the Group had £2.07 billion in interest bearing 
loans and borrowings of which £1 million had floating rates, representing 0.05 per cent. of total 
interest bearing loans and borrowings (compared to £32 million of floating rate borrowings as at 
30 April 2021). As a result, to the extent that the Group has floating rate borrowings, the Group is 
subject to the effects of interest rate fluctuations on certain of its financing arrangements. Such 
fluctuations could lead to an increase in the Group’s cost of funding. 
Additionally, certain of the Group’s debt agreements provide for an interest rate increase in case 
of a credit rating downgrade. Maintaining an investment grade credit rating is an important 
element of the Group’s financial strategy, and a downgrade of the Group’s ratings below 
investment grade could adversely affect its cost of borrowing, limit its access to the capital markets 
or result in more restrictive covenants in agreements governing the terms of any future 
indebtedness that the Group may incur. There is a risk that an increase in the Group’s 
indebtedness or working capital requirements could result in the Group’s credit rating being 
downgraded. 
Adverse financial market conditions generally, in combination with macro-economic factors, could 
have an adverse effect on the Group’s ability to finance its growth strategy either through debt on 
attractive terms or internal cash generation, which could have an adverse impact on the Group’s 
earnings growth and stock market rating.  
The funding position of the Group’s defined benefit pension scheme in the UK (the 
Scheme) is volatile, its investments may not perform in line with expectations and the 
Scheme is subject to laws and regulations and to agreement with trustees 
The Group operates a number of defined benefit pension plans for its employees around the 
world. The total net deficit of these plans valued under International Accounting Standard 19 was

--- Page 33 ---
33 
 
£65 million as at 30 April 2022. As at 30 April 2022 approximately 89 per cent. of the Group’s post-
retirement obligations related to plans in the UK.   
The Group operates a defined benefit scheme in the UK (the “DS Smith Group Pension 
Scheme”). The DS Smith Group Pension Scheme was closed to future accrual with effect from 
30 April 2011. The most recent actuarial funding valuation, in line with UK legislative requirements 
that this be done on the “technical provisions” basis, was carried out as at 30 April 2019. A deficit 
recovery plan was agreed with the board of trustees of the DS Smith Group Pension Scheme on 
14 April 2020. The deficit recovery plan maintains the previous deficit recovery plan’s Schedule 
of Contributions, which was based on calculations of the DS Smith Group Pension Scheme’s 
technical provisions against its assets, carried out on 31 January 2017. These calculations 
estimated that the shortfall was £205 million. Under the Schedule of Contributions, the Group 
agreed to make a contribution of £19.9 million to the DS Smith Group Pension Scheme in the 
financial year ended 30 April 2018, £18.7 million in the year ended 30 April 2019, £19 million in 
the year ended 30 April 2020, £19.4 million in the year ended 30 April 2021, £19.8 million in the 
year ended 30 April 2022, £20.2 million in the year ended 30 April 2023, £20.6 million in the year 
ended 30 April 2024, £21 million in the year ended 30 April 2025 and £8.9 million in the year 
ended 30 April 2026 (in respect of May to September 2025). 
The deficit of the DS Smith Group Pension Scheme is dependent on the market value of the 
assets of that plan and on the value placed on its liabilities. If the market value of the assets 
declines or the value of the liabilities increases, as at the date of an actuarial funding valuation of 
the DS Smith Group Pension Scheme, the Group may be required to increase its contributions to 
the DS Smith Group Pension Scheme. A variety of factors, including factors outside the Group’s 
control, may adversely affect the value of the DS Smith Group Pension Scheme’s assets or 
liabilities, including interest rates, inflation rates, investment performance, exchange rates, life 
expectancy assumptions, actuarial data and adjustments and regulatory changes. If these or 
other internal and external factors were to become unfavourable, or more unfavourable than they 
currently are, the Group’s required contributions to the DS Smith Group Pension Scheme and the 
costs and net liabilities associated with the DS Smith Group Pension Scheme could increase 
substantially. This may have an adverse effect on the Group’s operational results and cash flow. 
The Group also operates various local post-retirement and other employee benefit arrangements 
for overseas operations, as well as a small UK unfunded scheme. The countries where the Group 
operates the most significant defined benefit post-retirement arrangements are France, Belgium, 
Switzerland, Italy, Portugal and Germany. As at 30 April 2022, the French defined benefit pension 
funds had a total deficit of £37.7 million, the German defined benefit pension funds had a total 
deficit of £12.2 million and the Italian defined benefit pension funds had a total deficit of £9.5 
million. Overseas defined benefit schemes expose the Group to risks such as currency risk, 
inflation risk, interest rate risk, investment risk and life expectancy risk. Actions taken by the local 
regulator (where relevant powers exist), or changes to legislation, could result in stronger local 
funding requirements for pension schemes, which could have a material adverse effect on the 
Group’s future cash flow. 
The Pensions Regulator in the UK has the power to intervene in scheme valuations and to 
issue contribution notices or financial support directions which, if issued, could result in 
the Group being subject to significant liabilities  
If certain statutory requirements are met, the Pensions Regulator has the power to issue 
contribution notices or financial support directions to the Group and/or any associated company.

--- Page 34 ---
34 
 
The Pensions Regulator may require additional contributions to be paid into a pension scheme or 
additional financial support to be made available in respect of such scheme. A Pensions Regulator 
enforcement action could have a material adverse impact on the business, financial condition, 
results of operations and/or future prospects of the Group. 
Changes to accounting standards or to the Group’s accounting policies could have a 
material adverse effect on the Group’s financial condition, results of operations and cash 
flows 
The International Accounting Standards Board and the UK may change the accounting standards 
that govern the preparation of the Group’s financial statements. This could materially affect how 
the Group reports its financial condition, results of operations and cash flows. A revised 
accounting standard may be required to apply retrospectively, resulting in the restatement of prior 
financial results. 
The Group enters into arrangements with third parties in the normal course of its business, 
and failure by such parties to meet their obligations or to continue to participate in such 
arrangements could have a material adverse effect on its financial condition, results of 
operations and cash flows 
The Group enters into arrangements with third parties, including outsourcing contracts, 
distribution arrangements and joint ventures with third parties in the normal course of its business 
and is reliant upon those third parties performing their obligations in accordance with the terms 
and conditions of the contracts and continuing to participate in such arrangements. These third 
parties may not fulfil the Group’s expectations and any failure by such a third party to fulfil these 
expectations, including as a result of fraud or withdrawal of the relevant service, could cause 
disruption and result in significant costs associated with sourcing alternative arrangements, 
among other things, which could have a material adverse effect on the Group’s financial condition, 
results of operations and cash flows. 
3. 
Legal and regulatory risk 
The Group is subject to a number of environmental, tax and health and safety laws and 
regulations, and the cost of compliance with, and any liabilities under, current and future 
laws and regulations may have a material adverse effect on the Group’s business, financial 
condition, results of operations and/or future prospects 
The Group is, and is expected to continue to be, subject to a wide range of environmental, 
pension, tax and health and safety laws and regulations in all the jurisdictions in which it operates, 
including international, national, state and local laws and regulations. These requirements are 
complex, subject to frequent changes and have tended to become more stringent over time. There 
can be no assurance that the requirements of such laws and regulations will not change in the 
future or that the associated cost of compliance will not increase. Such cost increases could have 
a negative impact on the Group’s business, financial condition, results of operations and/or future 
prospects. 
Tax laws and tax rates in the markets in which the Group operates are subject to frequent changes 
and the Group is exposed to the risk of changes in tax legislation, and its interpretation and 
increases in the rate of corporate and other taxes in the jurisdictions in which the Group operates. 
The costs associated with compliance with these laws and regulations are substantial and

--- Page 35 ---
35 
 
possible future laws and regulations or changes to existing laws and regulations (including the 
imposition of higher taxes) could require the Group to incur additional expenses or capital 
expenditures or result in restrictions on or suspensions of the Group’s operations. Any such cost 
increases could have a material adverse effect on the Group’s business, financial condition, 
results of operations and/or future prospects. 
The Group uses, handles, stores and disposes of hazardous materials in the course of its 
operations and production processes and may be subject to fines and/or clean-up liabilities for 
contamination at past and present operating sites under statutory regimes. Some environmental 
laws and regulations impose liability and responsibility on present and former owners, operators 
or users of facilities and sites for the clean-up of contamination at, or arising from, such facilities, 
without regard to causation or knowledge of contamination. Investigations in the future may lead 
to discoveries of contamination that the Group is required to remedy or damage that may subject 
the Group to claims. Closure of facilities may trigger compliance requirements that are not 
applicable to facilities that are operating. 
Managing health and safety compliance are key priorities of the Group. In particular, due to the 
nature of the paper manufacturing process, paper mills tend to be inherently hazardous relative 
to the other types of facilities that the Group operates.  
While the Group has procedures to comply with applicable environmental and health and safety 
requirements, there can be no assurance that it will be at all times in compliance with such 
requirements, that it will not incur material costs or liabilities in connection with such requirements 
in the future or that it will be able to obtain and maintain all licenses, consents or other permits 
necessary to operate its business. Similarly, there can be no assurance that it will not experience 
an environmental spill or accident or discover or otherwise become liable for environmental 
contamination in the future (including such liability for contamination resulting from historical 
activities relating to properties or businesses that have been sold). Depending on the nature of 
the spill or accident, its location and the period during which it occurred, such incidents may not 
be covered by the Group’s insurance policies, since certain contaminants are typically excluded 
from insurance coverage available to Group in most of its markets and the Group’s insurance is 
subject to certain time limits. The Group may incur significant expenditure in connection with the 
required remediation of past environmental conditions at both facilities that are currently-owned 
and formerly-owned. The Group’s control mechanisms, ongoing programmes and systems, and 
special initiatives in place for monitoring health and safety compliance may not always be 
successful in achieving their objectives of requiring all employees to comply with all relevant laws 
and regulations in the countries in which they operate. The Group cannot be certain that 
employees always adhere to such policies and values. Furthermore, the Group cannot completely 
prevent injury to employees or others, or other harms related to the use, handling, storage and 
disposal of hazardous material. In the event of future incidents, the Group could be liable for any 
damages that may result, including potentially significant monetary damages for any civil litigation

--- Page 36 ---
36 
 
or government proceedings related to a personal injury claim. Failure to comply with 
environmental or health and safety laws may also damage the Group’s reputation. 
The cost of compliance with, and any liabilities under, current and future laws and regulations 
relating to environment, health and safety or tax could have a material adverse effect on the 
Group’s business, financial condition, results of operations and/or future prospects. 
The Group’s operations are subject to anti-corruption laws and regulations and economic 
sanctions programmes 
The Group sells and markets its products in a number of different jurisdictions. Doing business 
worldwide requires the Group to comply with the laws and regulations of various jurisdictions, 
including, without limitation, the United States and the UK. The Group’s international operations 
are subject to anti-corruption laws and regulations and to economic sanctions programmes, 
including those administered by the United Nations, the European Union, the UK and the United 
States. Anti-bribery laws such as the UK Bribery Act 2010 and similar worldwide anti-corruption 
laws generally prohibit companies and their intermediaries from making improper payments to 
public officials for the purpose of obtaining or retaining business. The Group’s recent expansion, 
including in developing countries and emerging markets, could increase the risk of such violations 
in the future. In addition, changes to economic sanctions programmes, such as in response to the 
current conflict between Russia and Ukraine, could put the Group at risk of violating sanctions as 
a result of an existing presence in a newly sanctioned jurisdiction or relationship with a newly 
sanctioned entity if the Group fails or is unable to end such presence or relationship in a timely 
manner. For example, DS Smith Plc has an indirect non-controlling minority interest in a Russian 
entity which has an existing banking relationship with Public Joint-Stock Company Sberbank of 
Russia (“Sberbank”). Sberbank, as at the date of this Prospectus, is subject to various sanctions 
imposed by the UK, European Union and United States authorities (for further information see 
Description of DS Smith Plc and DS Smith Ireland – Business Divisions). The Group relies on its 
management structure, regulatory and legal resources and effective operation of its compliance 
programme to direct, manage and monitor the activities of its employees. Despite the Group’s 
oversight and compliance programmes, there is a risk that its internal control policies and 
procedures will not always protect it from deliberate, reckless or inadvertent acts of the Group’s 
employees or agents that contravene its compliance policies or violate applicable laws. Violations 
of anti-corruption laws and regulations or economic sanctions programmes, or allegations of such 
violations, could disrupt the Group’s business and result in a material adverse effect on its results 
of operations or financial condition. Violations of such regulations or programmes or allegations 
of such violations could also cause reputational harm to the Group. 
The Group is subject to anti-trust and similar legislation in the jurisdictions in which it 
operates 
The Group is subject to a variety of anti-trust and similar legislation in the jurisdictions in which it 
operates. In a number of markets, the Group has market positions which may make future 
significant acquisitions more difficult and may limit its ability to expand by acquisition or merger, if 
the Group wished to do so (see also “The Group may be unable to implement its growth strategy 
successfully”).  In addition, the Group is subject to legislation in many of the jurisdictions in which 
it operates relating to unfair competitive practices and similar behaviour.  
There can be no assurance that the Group will not be subject to any allegations of, or regulatory 
investigations or proceedings into unfair competitive practices (see the 2019 example below). In

--- Page 37 ---
37 
 
the event that such allegations are made or investigations or proceedings initiated (irrespective 
of merit), the Group may be required to devote significant management resources to defend itself 
against such allegations.   
In the event that any such allegations are proved, including any legal proceedings against Group 
companies relating to the matters that are the subject of the Decision (as defined below) being 
successful, the Group may be subject to significant fines, any relevant agreements being declared 
unenforceable, damages, awards and other expenses which could have a material adverse effect 
on the Group’s business, financial condition, results of operations and/or future prospects.  
By way of example, in 2019 relevant Group companies secured immunity from the Autorità 
Garante della Concorrenza e del Mercato (the “Italian Competition Authority”) in respect of a 
decision by the Italian Competition Authority adopted on 17 July 2019 and published on 7 August 
2019 in Bulletin No. 32 of 12 August 2019 concerning anti-competitive conduct that led to fines 
being imposed on companies operating in the paper packaging industry (the “Decision”). The 
Decision is currently the subject of appeals before the Italian courts commenced by companies 
that are subject to fines as a result of the Decision. In addition, the immunity obtained by relevant 
Group companies does not preclude legal proceedings for damages alleged to have been 
suffered by affected parties and the Group is currently subject to a number of claims (both actual 
and threatened) for compensation in respect of the Decision. Further proceedings may also be 
commenced in the future. The Group intends to defend these claims robustly.  
Given the early stage of the claims in respect of the Decision, the ongoing appeal process and 
the Group’s intention to defend all claims robustly, having applied the tests in IAS37, no provision 
has been recognised in the 2022 Annual Report and instead this item has been disclosed as a 
contingent liability.   
Failure to maintain product quality controls leading to the production of defective goods 
could lead to an increase in product liability claims against the Group or damage the 
Group’s reputation 
The Group’s packaging products, many of which are supplied to the food and beverage industries, 
may give rise to potentially substantial product liability claims in the event of a failure of the 
packaging to perform its function when in use or from contamination of the product by its 
packaging. Further, if any of its products are defective as a result of a failure in the Group’s quality 
controls, the Group may be subject to product liability claims or may have to engage in a product 
recall. Any significant damage to the Group’s reputation and any material claims that arise in these 
areas could have an adverse effect on the Group’s business, financial condition, results of 
operations and/or future prospects. 
The Group may not be able to adequately secure and protect its intellectual property rights, 
which could harm its competitive advantage 
The Group relies on intellectual property laws to protect its rights to certain aspects of its systems, 
products and processes including product designs, proprietary technologies, research and 
concepts. In particular, the Group’s packaging business owns hundreds of patents covering the 
Group’s designs and products. Furthermore, trademarks and licences and their effective 
management also play an important role in protecting the Group’s intellectual property rights.  The 
actions the Group takes to protect its proprietary rights may be inadequate to prevent imitation or 
unauthorised use. The laws of various countries offer different levels of protection for the Group’s

--- Page 38 ---
38 
 
intellectual proprietary rights and there can be no assurance that the Group’s intellectual property 
rights will not be challenged, invalidated, misappropriated or circumvented by third parties. Any 
of these possibilities could have a material adverse effect on the Group’s business, financial 
condition, results of operations and/or future prospects. 
4. 
Environmental, social and governance risks 
The Group may be unable to deliver the required level of transparency, clarity and 
commitment to sustainability 
The Group may be unable to manage its energy demand needs within its sustainability targets 
and certain of its acquisitions may bring new sustainability challenges (for example, ownership of 
a kraft mill brings sustainability challenges through forest ownership). In addition, the Group may 
be unable to, or be too slow to, meet the growing expectations on large organisations to play a 
positive role in society and contribute to addressing environmental, social and business 
challenges, both on a local and global level. Such inability to manage sustainability demands and 
challenges could have a significant impact on the Group’s business, financial condition, results of 
operations and/or future prospects. 
The Group is subject to increased physical and financial risks associated with climate 
change and global, regional and local weather conditions 
The Group’s operations and the operations of its suppliers are subject to climate variations, which 
put pressure on water supplies and impact the productivity of forests, the frequency and severity 
of wildfires, the distribution and abundance of species and the spread of disease or insect 
epidemics. Additionally, the supply of timber and the cost of raw materials, such as the price of 
virgin fibre, could be impacted by the unpredictability and frequency of natural disasters such as 
hurricanes, earthquakes, hailstorms, wildfires, prolonged periods of drought, the spread of 
disease and insect infestations. Changes in precipitation could make wildfires more frequent or 
more severe and could adversely affect timber harvesting. The effects of climate change and 
global, regional and local weather conditions could also have a material adverse effect on the 
Group’s business, financial condition, results of operations and/or future prospects. 
The Group may not be able to effectively take advantage of moves towards circular 
economies 
The Group’s business model is exposed to certain strategic, operational and financial risks and 
uncertainties associated with the maintenance or delay in national economies transitioning from 
a traditional linear supply chain based on a cycle that extracts resources, produces goods and 
disposes of the product at the end of its useful life to a circular economy which decouples raw 
materials consumption from growth.  The Group’s business is at risk if the work to advance the 
shift to a circular economy by designing out waste to enable product refurbishment/material 
recovery, keep materials in use at the highest quality, for as long as possible and return materials 
to the environment in a manner that does not cause harm and is regenerative fails to find support 
where governments and other agencies do not create the necessary infrastructure and society as 
a whole does not transition away from the linear supply chain economies or other substitute 
products gains greater support. 
The Group may not be able to transition effectively towards the decarbonisation of its 
paper operations

--- Page 39 ---
39 
 
The Group is committed to reduce its greenhouse gas emissions by 46 per cent. by 2030 
compared to its 2019 levels and to reach net zero carbon emissions by 2050. These commitments 
will require consistent investment over 28 years, including new generation solutions and self-
generated renewable energy sources. This commitment responds to the growing expectations of 
the Group’s stakeholders in addressing environmental, social and business matters. 
In addition, climate change may result in an increase in regulatory risks as new laws and 
regulations are introduced aimed at mandating greenhouse gas reductions. These rules and 
regulations could take the form of additional cap-and-trade, carbon taxes, or other green-house 
gas reductions mandates for utility providers including the Group’s own power generation facilities 
that could increase the cost of purchased electricity or natural gas for the production of steam and 
electricity.  New climate rules and regulations also may result in higher fossil fuel prices and/or 
fuel efficiency standards that could increase transportation costs.  While the Group has facilities 
subject to existing greenhouse gas permitting and reporting requirements consistent with meeting 
the Paris Agreement, and which use biomass and other manufacturing residuals (to generate 
energy for mill operations), the impact of new requirements is not known, though the impact has 
not been material to date. The impacts of project delays and failures in meeting the carbon 
reduction commitments and/or new climate rules and regulations could have a material adverse 
effect on the Group’s business, financial condition, results of operations and/or future prospects. 
FACTORS WHICH ARE MATERIAL FOR THE PURPOSE OF ASSESSING THE MARKET 
RISKS ASSOCIATED WITH NOTES ISSUED UNDER THE PROGRAMME 
1. 
Risks related to the structure of a particular issue of Notes 
A range of Notes may be issued under the Programme. A number of these Notes may have 
features which contain particular risks for potential Noteholders. Set out below is a description of 
the most common such features: 
If the relevant Issuer has the right to redeem any Notes at its option, this may limit the 
market value of the Notes concerned and an investor may not be able to reinvest the 
redemption proceeds in a manner which achieves a similar effective return 
An optional redemption feature of Notes is likely to limit their market value. During any period 
when the relevant Issuer may elect to redeem Notes, the market value of those Notes generally 
will not rise substantially above the price at which they can be redeemed. This also may be true 
prior to any redemption period. 
The relevant Issuer may be expected to redeem Notes when its cost of borrowing is lower than 
the interest rate on the Notes. At those times, an investor generally would not be able to reinvest 
the redemption proceeds at an effective interest rate as high as the interest rate on the Notes 
being redeemed and may only be able to do so at a significantly lower rate. Potential Noteholders 
should consider reinvestment risk in light of other investments available at that time. 
If the relevant Issuer has the right to convert the interest rate on any Notes from a fixed 
rate to a floating rate, or vice versa, this may affect the secondary market and the market 
value of the Notes concerned 
Fixed/Floating Rate Notes are Notes which may bear interest at a rate that converts from a fixed 
rate to a floating rate or from a floating rate to a fixed rate. Where the relevant Issuer has the right

--- Page 40 ---
40 
 
to effect such a conversion, this will affect the secondary market and the market value of the 
Notes since the relevant Issuer may be expected to convert the rate when it is likely to produce a 
lower overall cost of borrowing. If the relevant Issuer converts from a fixed rate to a floating rate 
in such circumstances, the spread on the Fixed/Floating Rate Notes may be less favourable than 
then prevailing spreads on comparable Floating Rate Notes tied to the same reference rate. In 
addition, the new floating rate at any time may be lower than the rates on other Notes. If the 
relevant Issuer converts from a floating rate to a fixed rate in such circumstances, the fixed rate 
may be lower than then prevailing market rates. 
Notes which are issued at a substantial discount or premium may experience price 
volatility in response to changes in market interest rates 
The market values of securities issued at a substantial discount (such as Zero Coupon Notes) or 
premium to their principal amount tend to fluctuate more in relation to general changes in interest 
rates than do prices for more conventional interest-bearing securities. Generally, the longer the 
remaining term of such securities, the greater the price volatility as compared to more 
conventional interest-bearing securities with comparable maturities. The value of any Notes 
issued at a substantial discount or premium to their nominal amount may therefore be at a 
materially higher risk of decreasing as compared with that of conventional interest bearing 
securities. The short, medium and long-term value of such Notes may also be less predictable, 
and, typically, the longer the remaining term of such Notes, the greater the price volatility.  
2. 
Risks related to Notes generally 
Set out below is a description of material risks relating to the Notes generally: 
The conditions of the Notes contain provisions which may permit their modification 
without the consent of all Noteholders and confer significant discretions on the Trustee 
which may be exercised without the consent of the Noteholders and without regard to the 
individual interests of particular Noteholders 
The conditions of the Notes contain provisions for calling meetings of Noteholders to consider 
matters affecting their interests generally, or otherwise to pass resolutions in writing or through 
electronic voting procedures. These provisions permit defined majorities to bind all Noteholders 
including Noteholders who did not attend the relevant meeting and Noteholders who voted in a 
manner contrary to the majority. To be bound in such a way could materially adversely affect the 
interests of Noteholders who did not attend and vote at the relevant meeting or who voted in a 
manner contrary to the majority. 
The conditions of the Notes also provide that the Trustee may, without the consent of Noteholders 
and without regard to the interests of particular Noteholders, agree to (i) any modification of, or to 
the waiver or authorisation of any breach or proposed breach of, any of the provisions of the 
Notes or (ii) determine that any Event of Default or potential Event of Default shall not be treated 
as such or (iii) the substitution of another company as principal debtor under any Notes in place 
of the Issuer, in the circumstances described in Condition 16 (Meetings of Noteholders, 
Modification, Waiver and Substitution).

--- Page 41 ---
41 
 
The value of the Notes could be adversely affected by a change in English law or 
administrative practice 
The conditions of the Notes are based on English law in effect as at the date of issue of the 
relevant Notes. No assurance can be given as to the impact of any possible judicial decision or 
change to English law or administrative practice after the date of issue of the relevant Notes and 
any such change could materially adversely impact the value of any Notes affected by it. 
Noteholders who hold less than the minimum Specified Denomination may be unable to 
sell their Notes and may be adversely affected if definitive Notes are subsequently required 
to be issued 
In relation to any issue of Notes which have denominations consisting of a minimum Specified 
Denomination plus one or more higher integral multiples of another smaller amount, it is possible 
that such Notes may be traded in amounts in excess of the minimum Specified Denomination that 
are not integral multiples of such minimum Specified Denomination. In such a case a holder who, 
as a result of trading such amounts, holds an amount which is less than the minimum Specified 
Denomination in his account with the relevant clearing system would not be able to sell the 
remainder of such holding without first purchasing a principal amount of Notes at or in excess of 
the minimum Specified Denomination such that its holding amounts to a Specified Denomination. 
Further, a holder who, as a result of trading such amounts, holds an amount which is less than 
the minimum Specified Denomination in his account with the relevant clearing system at the 
relevant time may not receive a definitive Note in respect of such holding (should definitive Notes 
be printed) and would need to purchase a principal amount of Notes at or in excess of the 
minimum Specified Denomination such that its holding amounts to a Specified Denomination. 
If such Notes in definitive form are issued, holders should be aware that definitive Notes which 
have a denomination that is not an integral multiple of the minimum Specified Denomination may 
be illiquid and difficult to trade. 
In respect of any Notes issued as Green Bonds, there can be no assurance that the use of 
an amount equal to such proceeds will be suitable for the investment criteria of investors 
Notes may be issued as Green Bonds (as defined in the “Use of Proceeds” section below). The 
Final Terms relating to any series of Notes may provide that it is the relevant Issuer’s intention to 
apply an amount equal to the proceeds from an offer of those Notes specifically for eligible 
projects and activities that are in keeping with the Framework (as defined in the “Use of Proceeds” 
section below) (“Eligible Activities”). Prospective investors should determine for themselves the 
relevance of any information set out in the “Use of Proceeds” section below, the relevant Final 
Terms or any green finance framework prepared by the Group for the purpose of an investment 
in such Notes together with any other investigation such investor deems necessary. In particular, 
no assurance is given by the Issuers, the Guarantor, the Arranger, any of the Dealers or any other 
person that the use of an amount equal to such proceeds for any Eligible Activities will satisfy, 
whether in whole or in part, any present or future investor expectations or requirements as regards 
any investment criteria or guidelines with which such investor or its investments are required to 
comply, whether by any present or future applicable law or regulations or by its own by-laws or 
other governing rules or investment portfolio mandates, in particular with regard to any direct or

--- Page 42 ---
42 
 
indirect environmental, sustainability or social impact of any projects, assets or uses that are the 
subject of, or otherwise related to, any Eligible Activities.  
No assurance or representation is, or can be, given by the Issuers, the Guarantor, the Arranger, 
the Dealers or any other person to investors that any projects, activities or assets that are the 
subject of, or related to, any Eligible Activities will meet any or all investor expectations or 
requirements regarding “environmental”, “social”, “sustainable”, “governance”, "green" or an 
equivalently labelled performance objective (together, “ESG”) (including under Regulation (EU) 
2020/852 (the “Taxonomy Regulation”) on the establishment of a framework to facilitate 
sustainable investment (the “EU Taxonomy”), as each forms part of UK domestic law by virtue of 
the EUWA), or that any adverse environmental, social and/or other impact(s) will not occur during 
the implementation of any projects or assets that are the subject of, or related to, any Eligible 
Activities.  
Furthermore, it should be noted that there is currently no single definition (legal, regulatory or 
otherwise) of, nor market consensus as to what constitutes, an ESG or green project, activity or 
asset, or as to what precise attributes are required for a particular project, activity or asset to be 
defined as ESG or green, nor can any assurance be given that such a clear definition or 
consensus will develop over time.  
The EU Taxonomy in particular is subject to further implementation by the European Commission 
by way of delegated regulations containing technical screening criteria for the environmental 
objectives set out in the Taxonomy Regulation. On 21 April 2021, the European Commission 
approved in principle the first delegated act (the "EU Taxonomy Climate Delegated Act") aimed 
at supporting sustainable investment by making it clearer which economic activities most 
contribute to meeting the EU’s environmental objectives. The EU Taxonomy Climate Delegated 
Act sets out criteria for economic activities in the sectors that are most relevant for achieving 
climate neutrality and delivering on climate change adaptation. This includes sectors such as 
energy, forestry, manufacturing, transport and buildings. Criteria for other environmental 
objectives will follow in a later delegated act, in line with the mandates in the Taxonomy 
Regulation. 
In June 2021, the UK Government appointed a new Green Taxonomy Advisory Group, an 
independent expert group established to oversee, and provide non-binding advice to the 
Government on, the delivery of a comparable ‘Green Taxonomy’ in the UK context (the “UK 
Taxonomy”). Like the EU Taxonomy, the objective of the UK Taxonomy will be, once 
implemented, to provide investors with greater clarity as to how individual firms impact the 
environment.  
Until all criteria for such objectives on both a UK and EU level have been developed and disclosed, 
it is not known whether any Eligible Activities will satisfy those respective criteria. Accordingly, 
alignment with the EU Taxonomy and/or any UK Taxonomy, once all criteria are established, is 
not certain. Each prospective investor should therefore have regard to the factors described in 
the relevant Final Terms and in any green, social or sustainable finance framework prepared by 
the Group subsequent to the date of this Prospectus, and seek advice from their independent 
financial adviser or other professional adviser as to the relevance of the information contained in 
this Prospectus and the relevant Final Terms before deciding to invest.  
No assurance or representation is, or can be, given by the Issuers, the Guarantor, the Arranger, 
the Dealers or any other person as to the suitability or reliability for any purpose whatsoever of

--- Page 43 ---
43 
 
any opinion or certification of any third party (whether or not solicited by the Issuers) which may 
be made available in connection with the issue of any Green Bonds and in particular with any 
Eligible Activities to fulfil any ESG and/or other criteria. For the avoidance of doubt, any such 
opinion or certification is not, nor shall be deemed to be, incorporated in and/or form part of this 
Prospectus. Any such opinion or certification is not, nor should be deemed to be, a 
recommendation by the Issuers, the Guarantor, the Arranger, the Dealers or any other person to 
buy, sell or hold any such Notes or that any Eligible Activities fulfil any ESG and/or other criteria. 
Any such opinion or certification is only current as of the date that opinion was initially issued.  
The Noteholders will have no recourse against the Issuers, the Guarantor, the Arranger, any 
Dealer or the provider of any such opinion or certification for the contents of any such opinion or 
certification.  Prospective investors must determine for themselves the relevance of any such 
opinion or certification and/or the information contained therein and/or the provider of such opinion 
or certification for the purpose of any investment in such Notes. Currently, the providers of such 
opinions and certifications are not subject to any specific regulatory or other regime or oversight.  
In the event that any such Notes are listed or admitted to trading on any dedicated ESG or other 
equivalently-labelled segment of any stock exchange or securities market (whether or not 
regulated), no representation or assurance is given by the Issuers, the Guarantor, the Arranger, 
the Dealers or any other person that such listing or admission satisfies, whether in whole or in 
part, any present or future investor expectations or requirements as regards any investment 
criteria or guidelines with which such investor or its investments are required to comply, whether 
by any present or future applicable law or regulations or by its own by-laws or other governing 
rules or investment portfolio mandates, in particular with regard to any direct or indirect 
environmental, sustainability or social impact of any projects or assets that are the subject of, or 
related to, any Eligible Activities. Furthermore, it should be noted that the criteria for any such 
listings or admission to trading may vary from one stock exchange or securities market to another. 
No representations or assurances given or made by the Issuers, the Guarantor, the Arranger, the 
Dealers or any other person that any such listing or admission to trading will be obtained in respect 
of any such Notes or, if obtained, that any such listing or admission to trading will be maintained 
during the life of the Notes.  
While it is the intention of the relevant Issuer to apply an amount equal to the proceeds of any 
Notes so specified for Eligible Activities in, or substantially in, the manner described in the “Use 
of Proceeds” and applicable Final Terms, there can be no assurance that the relevant project or 
asset(s) related to any Eligible Activities will be capable of being implemented in, or substantially 
in, such manner and/or in accordance with any timing schedule and that accordingly such amount 
equal to such proceeds will be totally or partially disbursed for or towards such Eligible Activities. 
Nor can there be any assurance that such Eligible Activities will be completed within any specified 
period or at all or with the results or outcome as originally expected or anticipated by the relevant 
Issuer. Any such event or failure by the relevant Issuer will not constitute an event of default under 
the Notes and Noteholders will have no recourse against the relevant Issuer, the Guarantor, the 
Arranger or any Dealer following any such event or failure. 
Any such event or failure to apply an amount equal to the proceeds of any issue of Notes for or 
towards any Eligible Activities as aforesaid and/or the withdrawal of any such opinion or 
certification or any such opinion or certification attesting that the relevant Issuer is not complying 
in whole or in part with any matters for which such opinion or certification is opining or certifying 
on and/or any such Notes no longer being listed or admitted to trading on any stock exchange or 
securities market as aforesaid may have a material adverse effect on the value of such Notes and 
also potentially the value of any other Notes which are intended to finance or re-finance Eligible

--- Page 44 ---
44 
 
Activities and/or result in adverse consequences for certain investors with portfolio mandates to 
invest in securities to be used for or towards a particular purpose.  
Neither the Arranger nor any of the Dealers will verify or monitor the proposed use of proceeds of 
Notes issued under the Programme. 
3. 
Risks related to the market generally 
Set out below is a description of material market risks, including liquidity risk, exchange rate risk, 
interest rate risk and credit risk: 
An active secondary market in respect of the Notes may never be established or may be 
illiquid and this would adversely affect the value at which an investor could sell their Notes 
Notes may have no established trading market when issued, and one may never develop. If a 
market does develop, it may not be very liquid. Therefore, Noteholders may not be able to sell 
their Notes easily or at prices that will provide them with a yield comparable to similar investments 
that have a developed secondary market. 
If an investor holds Notes which are not denominated in the investor’s home currency, 
they will be exposed to movements in exchange rates adversely affecting the value of their 
holding. In addition, the imposition of exchange controls in relation to any Notes could 
result in an investor not receiving payments on those Notes 
The relevant Issuer will pay principal and interest on the Notes in the Specified Currency. This 
presents certain risks relating to currency conversions if an investor’s financial activities are 
denominated principally in a currency or currency unit (the “Investor’s Currency”) other than the 
Specified Currency. These include the risk that exchange rates may significantly change 
(including changes due to devaluation of the Specified Currency or revaluation of the Investor’s 
Currency) and the risk that authorities with jurisdiction over the Investor’s Currency may impose 
or modify exchange controls. An appreciation in the value of the Investor’s Currency relative to 
the Specified Currency would decrease (1) the Investor’s Currency equivalent yield on the Notes, 
(2) the Investor’s Currency equivalent value of the principal payable on the Notes and (3) the 
Investor’s Currency equivalent market value of the Notes. 
Government and monetary authorities may impose (as some have done in the past) exchange 
controls that could adversely affect an applicable exchange rate or the ability of the relevant Issuer 
or the Guarantor to make payments in respect of the Notes. As a result, Noteholders may receive 
less interest or principal than expected, or no interest or principal. 
The value of Fixed Rate Notes may be adversely affected by movements in market interest 
rates 
Investment in Fixed Rate Notes involves the risk that if market interest rates subsequently 
increase above the rate paid on the Fixed Rate Notes, this will adversely affect the value of the 
Fixed Rate Notes.

--- Page 45 ---
45 
 
Credit ratings assigned to DS Smith Plc or any Notes may not reflect all the risks 
associated with an investment in those Notes 
One or more independent credit rating agencies may assign credit ratings to DS Smith Plc or the 
Notes. DS Smith Plc currently has a solicited long term debt rating of BBB- by S&P (which rating 
has a stable outlook) and the Programme has been rated BBB- by S&P UK. The ratings may not 
reflect the potential impact of all risks related to structure, market, additional factors discussed 
above, and other factors that may affect the value of the Notes. A credit rating is not a 
recommendation to buy, sell or hold securities and may be revised, suspended or withdrawn by 
the rating agency at any time. Each rating should be evaluated independently of any other rating. 
In general, European regulated investors are restricted under the EU CRA Regulation from using 
credit ratings for regulatory purposes in the EEA, unless such ratings are issued by a credit rating 
agency established in the EEA and registered under the EU CRA Regulation (and such 
registration has not been withdrawn or suspended). Such general restriction will also apply in the 
case of credit ratings issued by non-EEA credit rating agencies, unless the relevant credit ratings 
are endorsed by an EEA-registered credit rating agency or the relevant non-EEA rating agency is 
certified in accordance with the EU CRA Regulation (and such endorsement action or certification, 
as the case may be, has not been withdrawn or suspended, subject to transitional provisions that 
apply in certain circumstances).  
Investors regulated in the UK are subject to similar restrictions under the UK CRA Regulation. As 
such, UK regulated investors are required to use for UK regulatory purposes ratings issued by a 
credit rating agency established in the UK and registered under the UK CRA Regulation. In the 
case of ratings issued by third country non-UK credit rating agencies, third country credit ratings 
can either be: (a) endorsed by a UK registered credit rating agency; or (b) issued by a third country 
credit rating agency that is certified in accordance with the UK CRA Regulation. This is subject, 
in each case, to (a) the relevant UK registration, certification or endorsement, as the case may 
be, not having been withdrawn or suspended, and (b) transitional provisions that apply in certain 
circumstances. In the case of third country ratings, for a certain limited period of time, transitional 
relief accommodates continued use for regulatory purposes in the UK, of existing pre-2021 
ratings, provided the relevant conditions are satisfied. 
Therefore, as a result of the EU CRA Regulation and the UK CRA Regulation, if the status of the 
rating agency rating the Notes changes, European and/or UK regulated investors may no longer 
be able to use the rating for regulatory purposes and the Notes may have a different regulatory 
treatment. This may result in European and/or UK regulated investors selling the Notes which 
may impact the value of the Notes and any secondary market. 
The regulation and reform of “benchmarks” may adversely affect the value of Notes linked 
to such “benchmarks” 
Interest rates and other indices which are deemed to be “benchmarks” are the subject of recent 
national and international regulatory guidance and proposals for reform. Some of these reforms 
are already effective while others are still to be implemented. These reforms may cause such 
benchmarks to perform differently than in the past, or to disappear entirely, or have other 
consequences which cannot be predicted. Any such consequence could have a material adverse 
effect on any Notes referencing such a benchmark.

--- Page 46 ---
46 
 
The EU Benchmarks Regulation was published in the Official Journal of the EU on 29 June 2016. 
The EU Benchmarks Regulation applies, subject to certain conditions, to the provision of 
benchmarks, the contribution of input data to a benchmark and the use of a benchmark, within 
the EU. Among other things, it (i) requires EU benchmark administrators to be authorised or 
registered on the ESMA Register (as defined below) in accordance with the EU Benchmarks 
Regulation (or, if non-EU-based, to be subject to an equivalent regime or otherwise recognised 
or endorsed) and (ii) prevents certain uses by EU supervised entities of benchmarks of 
administrators that are not authorised or registered in accordance with the EU Benchmarks 
Regulation (or, if non-EU based, not deemed equivalent or recognised or endorsed), subject to 
certain transitional provisions. ESMA maintains a public register of EU-approved benchmark 
administrators and non-EU benchmarks pursuant to the EU Benchmarks Regulation (the “ESMA 
Register”). Benchmarks and benchmark administrators which were approved by the FCA prior to 
31 December 2020 were removed from the ESMA Register on 1 January 2021. 
The UK Benchmarks Regulation, among other things, applies to the provisions of benchmarks 
and the use of a benchmark in the UK. Similarly, it prohibits the use in the UK by UK supervised 
entities of benchmarks or administrators that are not authorised or registered on the FCA Register 
(as defined below) in accordance with the UK Benchmarks Regulation (or, if non-UK based, not 
deemed equivalent or recognised or endorsed), subject to certain transitional provisions. From 1 
January 2021 onwards, the FCA maintains a separate public register of FCA-approved 
benchmark administrators and non-UK benchmarks pursuant to the UK Benchmarks Regulation 
(the “FCA Register”). The FCA Register includes benchmark administrators and benchmarks 
which were approved by the FCA prior to 31 December 2020. 
The EU Benchmarks Regulation and/or the UK Benchmarks Regulation, could have a material 
impact on any Notes linked to a rate of index deemed to be a “benchmark”, in particular, if the 
methodology or other terms of the “benchmark” are changed in order to comply with the 
requirements of the EU Benchmarks Regulation and/or the UK Benchmarks Regulation. Such 
changes could, among other things, have the effect of reducing, increasing or otherwise affecting 
the volatility of the published rate or level of the “benchmark”. 
More broadly, any of the international or national reforms, or the general increased regulatory 
scrutiny of interest rates and indices which are deemed to be “benchmarks” (including the 
application of the EU Benchmarks Regulation and the UK Benchmark Regulation), could increase 
the costs and risks of administering or otherwise participating in the setting of a benchmark and 
complying with any such regulations or requirements. Such factors may have the effect of 
discouraging market participants from continuing to administer or contribute to the benchmark, 
trigger changes in the rules or methodologies used in the benchmark, or lead to the 
disappearance of the benchmark. Any of the above changes or any other consequential changes 
as a result of the application of the EU Benchmarks Regulation, the UK Benchmarks Regulation 
or other international or national reforms, initiatives or investigations, could have an adverse effect 
on the value or liquidity of, and return on, any Notes linked to or referencing a benchmark. 
Discontinuance and replacement of Interbank Offered Rates 
In 2019, EMMI completed an overhaul of EURIBOR, moving to a hybrid calculation methodology 
which makes use of information derived, where possible, from actual transactions. EURIBOR is 
therefore, as at the date of this Prospectus, compliant with the requirements of the EU 
Benchmarks Regulation. In addition, on 21 January 2019, the euro risk free rate working group 
published a set of guiding principles for fall-back provisions in new euro denominated cash

--- Page 47 ---
47 
 
products (including bonds). The guiding principles indicate, among other things, that continuing 
to reference EURIBOR in relevant contracts may increase the risk to the euro area financial 
system. On 11 May 2021, the euro risk-free working group published its recommendations on 
EURIBOR fallback trigger events and fallback rates. The long-term availability of EURIBOR will 
depend on various factors, including whether the panel of contributing banks continue to provide 
the requisite information.    
It is not possible to predict with certainty whether, and to what extent, EURIBOR will continue to 
be supported going forwards. This may cause EURIBOR to perform differently than it has done 
in the past and may have other consequences which cannot be predicted. If EURIBOR was 
discontinued or otherwise unavailable, this could require an adjustment to the conditions of, or 
result in other consequences in respect of, any Notes which reference EURIBOR. Any such 
consequences could have an adverse effect on the value or liquidity of, and return on, any such 
Notes. See “Floating Rate Notes which reference EURIBOR or other benchmarks” below for 
further details. 
In respect of Floating Rate Notes, if a benchmark is discontinued or is otherwise unavailable, then 
the rate of interest (in relation to which Screen Rate Determination is specified in the relevant 
Final Terms as the manner in which the rate of interest is to be determined) will be determined for 
a period by the fallback provisions provided for under Clause 9.2 (Interest determination) of the 
Agency Agreement (as defined under “Terms and Conditions of the Notes”). Such provisions, 
being dependent in part on the provision by the Reference Banks to the Principal Paying Agent 
(each as defined in the Agency Agreement) of offered quotations for the relevant Reference Rate 
(as defined in the Agency Agreement), may not operate as intended (depending on market 
circumstances and the availability of rates information at the relevant time) and may in certain 
circumstances result in the effective application of a fixed rate based on the rate which applied in 
the last preceding interest period when the benchmark was available. See “Floating Rate Notes 
which reference EURIBOR or other benchmarks” below for further details.  
Floating Rate Notes which reference EURIBOR or other benchmarks 
The Terms and Conditions of the Notes provide for certain fallback arrangements in the event that 
a published benchmark, including an inter-bank offered rate such as EURIBOR (including any 
page on which such benchmark may be published (or any successor service)) becomes 
unavailable or a Benchmark Event otherwise occurs, including the possibility that the Rate of 
Interest or other amounts payable under the Notes could be set by reference to an alternative 
reference rate and that such alternative reference rate may be adjusted (if required) in order to 
reduce or eliminate, to the fullest extent reasonably practicable in the circumstances, any 
economic prejudice or benefit (as applicable) to investors arising out of the replacement of the 
relevant benchmark. However, such adjustment may not be effective to reduce or eliminate 
economic prejudice to investors. 
In certain circumstances, the fallback for the purposes of calculation of interest or other amounts 
payable under the Notes may be based upon a determination made by an Independent Adviser 
appointed by the relevant Issuer (acting in good faith and in a commercially reasonable manner) 
and after consultation with the Issuers. Such determination may result in amendments to the 
Terms and Conditions of the Notes that are necessary to follow market practice or to ensure the 
proper operation of the alternative reference rate.

--- Page 48 ---
48 
 
If an Independent Adviser is appointed by the relevant Issuer but for any reason an alternative 
reference rate has not been determined, or if the Issuers are unable to appoint an Independent 
Adviser, the relevant Issuer may decide that no alternative reference rate will be adopted and the 
Rate of Interest will revert to the Rate of Interest applicable as at the immediately preceding 
Interest Determination Date and, therefore, the applicable Rate of Interest potentially becomes a 
fixed rate. In this case, holders of such Notes might incur costs from unwinding hedges. Moreover, 
in a rising interest rate environment, holders of such Notes will not benefit from any increase in 
rates. The trading value of such Notes could therefore be adversely affected. 
In addition, due to uncertainty concerning the availability of alternative reference rates, the 
involvement of an Independent Adviser and the potential for further regulatory developments, 
there is a risk that the relevant fallback provisions may not operate as intended at the relevant 
time and, in the event of a permanent discontinuation of a benchmark, the relevant Issuer may 
be unable to appoint an Independent Adviser. 
An alternative reference rate determined by the Independent Adviser in respect of the Notes may 
have none or very limited trading history and accordingly its general evolution and/or interaction 
with other relevant market forces or elements may be difficult to determine or measure. This could 
significantly affect the performance of an alternative rate compared to the historical and expected 
performance the relevant benchmark.  
In addition, the use of an alternative rate (with the application of any necessary adjustment) will 
still result in any Notes linked to or referencing an Original Reference Rate performing differently 
(which may include payment of a lower Rate of Interest) than they would if the Original Reference 
Rate were to continue to apply in its current form. There can be no assurance that any adjustment 
factor applied to any Series of Notes will adequately compensate for this impact. This could in 
turn impact the Rate of Interest on, and market value of, the affected Notes. Moreover, any holders 
of such Notes that enter into hedging instruments based on the Relevant Screen Page may find 
their hedges to be ineffective, and they may incur costs replacing such hedges with instruments 
tied to the Successor Rate or Alternative Reference Rate (as the case may be). 
Investors should consult their own independent advisers and make their own assessment about 
the potential risks imposed by the EU Benchmarks Regulation and the UK Benchmarks 
Regulation reforms, investigations and licensing issues in making any investment decision with 
respect to the Notes linked to a benchmark.

--- Page 49 ---
49 
 
DOCUMENTS INCORPORATED BY REFERENCE 
The following documents which have previously been published and have been filed with the 
CSSF shall be incorporated by reference in, and form part of, this Prospectus:  
(a) 
the auditors’ report and audited consolidated annual financial statements for the financial 
year ended 30 April 2022 of DS Smith Plc (the “2022 Annual Report”) (available at 
https://www.dssmith.com/contentassets/7db3425da8ce45fb90dc18235b0c0327/2022-
annual-report-singles.pdf) including the information set out at the following pages in 
particular: 
Consolidated Statement of Financial Position .................... Page 127 
Consolidated Income Statement ........................................ Page 125 
Accounting Principles and Notes ........................................ Pages 130 to 186 (inclusive) 
Audit Report ........................................................................ Pages 115 to 124 (inclusive) 
Consolidated Statement of Comprehensive Income .......... Page 126 
Consolidated Statement of Changes in Equity ................... Page 128 
Consolidated Statement of Cash Flows ............................. Page 129 
Explanation of Non-GAAP Performance Measures ........... Pages 178 to 181 (inclusive) 
Any other information that is not included in the cross-reference list above is either not 
relevant for investors or covered elsewhere in the Prospectus; and 
(b) 
the auditors’ report and audited consolidated annual financial statements for the financial 
year ended 30 April 2021 of DS Smith Plc (the “2021 Annual Report”) (available at 
https://www.dssmith.com/globalassets/corporate/annual-reports/ds-smith-annual-report-
2021_single-pages.pdf) including the information set out at the following pages in 
particular: 
Consolidated Statement of Financial Position .................... Page 123 
Consolidated Income Statement ........................................ Page 121 
Accounting Principles and Notes ........................................ Pages 126 to 181 (inclusive) 
Audit Report ........................................................................ Pages 111 to 120 (inclusive) 
Consolidated Statement of Comprehensive Income .......... Page 122 
Consolidated Statement of Changes in Equity ................... Page 124 
Consolidated Statement of Cash Flows ............................. Page 125

--- Page 50 ---
50 
 
Explanation of Non-GAAP Performance Measures……….Pages 173 and 176 (inclusive) 
Any other information that is not included in the cross-reference list above is either not 
relevant for investors or covered elsewhere in the Prospectus. 
The consolidated financial statements of DS Smith Plc for the financial year ended 30 April 2021 
were prepared in accordance with the UK Companies Act 2006 and International Financial 
Reporting Standards as adopted by the EU. The consolidated financial statements of DS Smith 
Plc for the financial year ended 30 April 2022 were prepared in accordance with the UK 
Companies Act 2006 and International Financial Reporting Standards as issued by the 
International Accounting Standards Board.  
Future financial statements of DS Smith Ireland Treasury Designated Activity Company are 
intended to be prepared in accordance with the applicable law and International Financial 
Reporting Standards as adopted by the European Union. For audited financial information of DS 
Smith Ireland Treasury Designated Activity Company, see the Annex to this Prospectus, “Financial 
Information of DS Smith Ireland Treasury Designated Activity Company”. 
Following the publication of this Prospectus a supplement may be prepared by the Issuers and 
the Guarantor and approved by the CSSF in accordance with Article 23 of the EU Prospectus 
Regulation. Statements contained in any such supplement (or contained in any document 
incorporated by reference therein) shall, to the extent applicable, be deemed to modify or 
supersede statements contained in this Prospectus or in a document which is incorporated by 
reference in this Prospectus. Any statement so modified or superseded shall not, except as so 
modified or superseded, constitute a part of this Prospectus. 
Copies of documents incorporated by reference in this Prospectus can be obtained from the 
registered office of DS Smith Plc at 350 Euston Road, London NW1 3AX, from the registered 
office of DS Smith Ireland Treasury Designated Activity Company at 10 Ely Place, Dublin 2, D02 
HR98, Ireland, or from the specified office of the Paying Agent for the time being in Luxembourg 
and have been published on the website of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange (www.bourse.lu). 
The Issuers and the Guarantor will, in the event of any significant new factor, material mistake or 
material inaccuracy relating to information included in this Prospectus which is capable of 
affecting the assessment of any Notes, prepare a supplement to this Prospectus or publish a new 
prospectus for use in connection with any subsequent issue of Notes. 
This Prospectus shall remain valid until 15 August 2023 for admissions to trading on a regulated 
market, provided that it is completed by any supplement required pursuant to the EU Prospectus 
Regulation.  The obligation to supplement a prospectus in the event of significant new factors, 
material mistakes or material inaccuracies does not apply when a prospectus is no longer valid.

--- Page 51 ---
51 
 
FORM OF THE NOTES 
Bearer Notes 
Each Tranche of Bearer Notes will initially be issued in the form of a temporary global note (a  
“Temporary Bearer Global Note”) or, if so specified in the applicable Final Terms, a permanent 
global note (a “Permanent Bearer Global Note” and, together with a Temporary Bearer Global 
Note, each a “Bearer Global Note”) which, in either case, will:  
(a) 
if the Bearer Global Notes are intended to be issued in new global note (“NGN”) form, as 
stated in the applicable Final Terms, be delivered on or prior to the original issue date of 
the Tranche to a common safekeeper (the “Common Safekeeper”) for Euroclear Bank 
SA/NV (“Euroclear”) and Clearstream Banking S.A. (“Clearstream, Luxembourg”); and 
(b) 
if the Bearer Global Notes are not intended to be issued in NGN form, as stated in the 
applicable Final Terms, be delivered on or prior to the original issue date of the Tranche 
to a common depositary (the “Common Depositary”) for Euroclear and Clearstream, 
Luxembourg. 
Where the Bearer Global Notes issued in respect of any Tranche are in NGN form, the applicable 
Final Terms will also indicate whether or not such Bearer Global Notes are intended to be held in 
a manner which would allow Eurosystem eligibility. Any indication that the Bearer Global Notes 
are to be so held does not necessarily mean that the Notes of the relevant Tranche will be 
recognised as eligible collateral for Eurosystem monetary policy and intra-day credit operations 
by the Eurosystem either upon issue or at any times during their life, as such recognition depends 
upon satisfaction of the Eurosystem eligibility criteria. The Common Safekeeper for NGNs will 
either be Euroclear or Clearstream, Luxembourg or another entity approved by Euroclear and 
Clearstream, Luxembourg, as indicated in the applicable Final Terms. 
Whilst any Note is represented by a Temporary Bearer Global Note, payments of principal, interest 
(if any) and any other amount payable in respect of the Notes due prior to the Exchange Date (as 
defined below) will be made (against presentation of the Temporary Bearer Global Note if the 
Temporary Bearer Global Note is not intended to be issued in NGN form) only to the extent that 
certification (in a form to be provided) to the effect that the beneficial owners of interests in such 
Note are not U.S. persons or persons who have purchased for resale to any U.S. person, as 
required by U.S. Treasury regulations, has been received by Euroclear and/or Clearstream, 
Luxembourg and Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg, as applicable, has given a like 
certification (based on the certifications it has received) to the Principal Paying Agent. 
On and after the date (the “Exchange Date”) which is 40 days after a Temporary Bearer Global 
Note is issued, interests in such Temporary Bearer Global Note will be exchangeable (free of 
charge) upon a request as described therein either for: (a) interests in a Permanent Bearer Global 
Note of the same Series; or (b) definitive Bearer Notes (“Definitive Bearer Notes”) of the same 
Series with, where applicable, interest coupons and talons attached (as indicated in the applicable 
Final Terms and subject, in the case of Definitive Bearer Notes, to such notice period as is 
specified in the applicable Final Terms), in each case against certification of beneficial ownership 
as described above unless such certification has already been given. The holder of a Temporary 
Bearer Global Note will not be entitled to collect any payment of interest, principal or other amount 
due on or after the Exchange Date unless, upon due certification, exchange of the Temporary

--- Page 52 ---
52 
 
Bearer Global Note for an interest in a Permanent Bearer Global Note or for Definitive Bearer 
Notes is improperly withheld or refused. 
Payments of principal, interest (if any) or any other amounts on a Permanent Bearer Global Note 
will be made through Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg (against presentation or 
surrender (as the case may be) of the Permanent Bearer Global Note if the Permanent Bearer 
Global Note is not intended to be issued in NGN form) without any requirement for certification. 
The applicable Final Terms will specify that a Permanent Bearer Global Note will be exchangeable 
(free of charge), in whole but not in part, for Definitive Bearer Notes with, where applicable, 
interest coupons and talons attached upon either: (a) not less than 60 days’ written notice from 
Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg (acting on the instructions of any holder of an interest 
in such Permanent Bearer Global Note) to the Principal Paying Agent as described therein; (b) 
only upon the occurrence of an Exchange Event; or (c) at any time at the request of the relevant 
Issuer. For these purposes, “Exchange Event” means that: (a) an Event of Default (as defined in 
Condition 11 (Events of Default and Enforcement)) has occurred and is continuing; or (b) the 
relevant Issuer has been notified that both Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg have been 
closed for business for a continuous period of 14 days (other than by reason of holiday, statutory 
or otherwise) or have announced an intention permanently to cease business or have in fact done 
so and no successor clearing system satisfactory to the Trustee is available. The relevant Issuer 
will promptly give notice to Noteholders in accordance with Condition 15 (Notices) if an Exchange 
Event occurs. In the event of the occurrence of an Exchange Event, Euroclear and/or 
Clearstream, Luxembourg (acting on the instructions of any holder of an interest in such 
Permanent Bearer Global Note) or the Trustee may give notice to the Principal Paying Agent 
requesting exchange. Any such exchange shall occur not later than 45 days after the date of 
receipt of the first relevant notice by the Principal Paying Agent. 
The following legend will appear on all Bearer Notes (other than Temporary Bearer Global Notes) 
and interest coupons relating to such Notes where TEFRA D is specified in the applicable Final 
Terms: 
“ANY UNITED STATES PERSON WHO HOLDS THIS OBLIGATION WILL BE SUBJECT TO 
LIMITATIONS UNDER THE UNITED STATES INCOME TAX LAWS, INCLUDING THE 
LIMITATIONS PROVIDED IN SECTIONS 165(j) AND 1287(a) OF THE INTERNAL REVENUE 
CODE.” 
The sections referred to provide that United States holders, with certain exceptions, will not be 
entitled to deduct any loss on Bearer Notes or interest coupons and will not be entitled to capital 
gains treatment in respect of any gain on any sale, disposition, redemption or payment of principal 
in respect of such Bearer Notes or interest coupons. 
Registered Notes 
The Registered Notes of each Tranche will initially be represented by a global note in registered 
form (a “Registered Global Note”) or, if so specified in the applicable Final Terms, definitive 
Notes in registered form (“Definitive Registered Notes”). Prior to expiry of the distribution 
compliance period (as defined in Regulation S under the Securities Act) applicable to each 
Tranche of Notes, beneficial interests in a Registered Global Note may not be offered or sold to, 
or for the account or benefit of, a U.S. person save as otherwise provided in Condition 2 (Transfers 
of Registered Notes) and may not be held otherwise than through Euroclear or Clearstream,

--- Page 53 ---
53 
 
Luxembourg, and such Registered Global Note will bear a legend regarding such restrictions on 
transfer. 
Registered Global Notes will be deposited with a Common Depositary or, if the Registered Global 
Notes are to be held under the new safekeeping structure (the “NSS”), a Common Safekeeper, 
as the case may be, and registered in the name of a common nominee of, Euroclear and 
Clearstream, Luxembourg or in the name of a nominee of the Common Safekeeper, as specified 
in the applicable Final Terms. Persons holding beneficial interests in Registered Global Notes will 
be entitled or required, as the case may be, under the circumstances described below, to receive 
physical delivery of Definitive Registered Notes. 
Payments of principal, interest and any other amount in respect of the Registered Global Notes 
will, in the absence of provision to the contrary, be made to the person shown on the Register (as 
defined in Condition 7.4 (Payments - Payments in respect of Registered Notes)) as the registered 
holder of the Registered Global Notes. None of the Issuers, the Guarantor, any Paying Agent, the 
Trustee or the Registrar will have any responsibility or liability for any aspect of the records relating 
to or payments or deliveries made on account of beneficial ownership interests in the Registered 
Global Notes or for maintaining, supervising or reviewing any records relating to such beneficial 
ownership interests. 
Where the Registered Global Note issued in respect of any Tranche is intended to be held under 
the NSS, the applicable Final Terms will indicate whether or not such Registered Global Note is 
intended to be held in a manner which would allow Eurosystem eligibility. Any indication that the 
Registered Global Notes are to be so held does not necessarily mean that the Notes of the 
relevant Tranche will be recognised as eligible collateral for Eurosystem monetary policy and 
intra-day credit operations by the Eurosystem either upon issue or at any time during their life, as 
such recognition depends upon satisfaction of the Eurosystem eligibility criteria. The common 
safekeeper for a Registered Global Note held under the NSS will either be Euroclear or 
Clearstream, Luxembourg or another entity approved by Euroclear and Clearstream, 
Luxembourg. 
Payments of principal, interest or any other amount in respect of Definitive Registered Notes will, 
in the absence of provision to the contrary, be made to the persons shown on the Register on the 
relevant Record Date (as defined in Condition 7.4 (Payments - Payments in respect of Registered 
Notes)) immediately preceding the due date for payment in the manner provided in that Condition. 
Interests in a Registered Global Note will be exchangeable (free of charge), in whole but not in 
part, for Definitive Registered Notes without interest coupons or talons attached only upon the 
occurrence of an Exchange Event. For these purposes, “Exchange Event” means that: (a) an 
Event of Default has occurred and is continuing; or (b) in the case of Notes registered in the name 
of a nominee for the Common Depositary, the relevant Issuer has been notified that both 
Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg have been closed for business for a continuous period 
of 14 days (other than by reason of holiday, statutory or otherwise) or have announced an intention 
permanently to cease business or have in fact done so and, in any such case, no successor 
clearing system satisfactory to the Trustee is available. The relevant Issuer will promptly give 
notice to Noteholders in accordance with Condition 15 (Notices) if an Exchange Event occurs. In 
the event of the occurrence of an Exchange Event, Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg 
or any person acting on their behalf (acting on the instructions of any holder of an interest in such 
Registered Global Note) or the Trustee may give notice to the Registrar requesting exchange.

--- Page 54 ---
54 
 
Any such exchange shall occur not later than 10 days after the date of receipt of the first relevant 
notice by the Registrar. 
General 
Notes which are represented by a Bearer Global Note or a Registered Global Note will only be 
transferable in accordance with the rules and procedures for the time being of Euroclear or 
Clearstream, Luxembourg, as the case may be. 
Pursuant to the Agency Agreement (as defined under “Terms and Conditions of the Notes”), the 
Principal Paying Agent shall arrange that, where a further Tranche of Notes is issued which is 
intended to form a single Series with an existing Tranche of Notes at a point after the Issue Date 
of the further Tranche, the Notes of such further Tranche shall be assigned a common code and 
ISIN which are different from the common code and ISIN assigned to Notes of any other Tranche 
of the same Series until such time as the Tranches are consolidated and form a single Series, 
which shall not be prior to the expiry of the distribution compliance period (as defined in Regulation 
S under the Securities Act) applicable to the Notes of such Tranche. 
Any reference herein to Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg shall, whenever the context 
so permits, be deemed to include a reference to any additional or alternative clearing system 
specified in the applicable Final Terms. 
No Noteholder or Couponholder shall be entitled to proceed directly against the Issuers or the 
Guarantor unless the Trustee, having become bound so to proceed, fails so to do within a 
reasonable period and the failure shall be continuing.

--- Page 55 ---
55 
 
APPLICABLE FINAL TERMS 
PROHIBITION OF SALES TO EEA RETAIL INVESTORS – The Notes are not intended to be 
offered, sold or otherwise made available to and should not be offered, sold or otherwise made 
available to any retail investor in the European Economic Area (the "EEA"). For these purposes, 
a “retail investor” means a person who is one (or more) of: (i) a retail client as defined in point 
(11) of Article 4(1) of Directive 2014/65/EU (as amended or superseded, "MiFID II"); or (ii) a 
customer within the meaning of Directive (EU) 2016/97 (as amended or superseded, the 
“Insurance Distribution Directive”), where that customer would not qualify as a professional 
client as defined in point (10) of Article 4(1) of MiFID II. Consequently, no key information 
document required by Regulation (EU) No 1286/2014 (as amended or superseded, the "EU 
PRIIPs Regulation") for offering or selling the Notes or otherwise making them available to retail 
investors in the EEA has been prepared and therefore offering or selling the Notes or otherwise 
making them available to any retail investor in the EEA may be unlawful under the EU PRIIPs 
Regulation. 
PROHIBITION OF SALES TO UK RETAIL INVESTORS – The Notes are not intended to be 
offered, sold or otherwise made available to and should not be offered, sold or otherwise made 
available to any retail investor in the United Kingdom (the “UK”). For these purposes, a “retail 
investor” means a person who is one (or more) of: (i) a retail client as defined in point (8) of 
Article 2 of Regulation (EU) No 2017/565 as it forms part of UK domestic law by virtue of the 
European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018 (“EUWA”); or (ii) a customer within the meaning of the 
provisions of the FSMA and any rules or regulations made under the FSMA to implement Directive 
(EU) 2016/97, where that customer would not qualify as a professional client as defined in point 
(8) of Article 2(1) of Regulation (EU) No 600/2014 as it forms part of UK domestic law by virtue of 
the EUWA. Consequently, no key information document required by Regulation (EU) No 
1286/2014 as it forms part of UK domestic law by virtue of the EUWA (the "UK PRIIPs 
Regulation") for offering or selling the Notes or otherwise making them available to retail 
investors in the UK has been prepared and therefore offering or selling the Notes or otherwise 
making them available to any retail investor in the UK may be unlawful under the UK PRIIPs 
Regulation.  
[MiFID II PRODUCT GOVERNANCE / PROFESSIONAL INVESTORS AND ELIGIBLE 
COUNTERPARTIES ONLY TARGET MARKET – Solely for the purposes of [the/each] 
manufacturer’s product approval process, the target market assessment in respect of the Notes 
has led to the conclusion that: (i) the target market for the Notes is eligible counterparties and 
professional clients only, each as defined in MiFID II; and (ii) all channels for distribution of the 
Notes to eligible counterparties and professional clients are appropriate. [Details of any negative 
target market to be included if applicable.] Any person subsequently offering, selling or 
recommending the Notes (an “EEA distributor”) should take into consideration the 
manufacturer[’s/s’] target market assessment; however, an EEA distributor subject to MiFID II is 
responsible for undertaking its own target market assessment in respect of the Notes (by either 
adopting or refining the manufacturer[’s/s’] target market assessment) and determining 
appropriate distribution channels.] 
[UK MiFIR PRODUCT GOVERNANCE / PROFESSIONAL INVESTORS AND ELIGIBLE 
COUNTERPARTIES ONLY TARGET MARKET – Solely for the purposes of [the/each] 
manufacturer’s product approval process, the target market assessment in respect of the Notes 
has led to the conclusion that: (i) the target market for the Notes is only eligible counterparties, as 
defined in the FCA Handbook Conduct of Business Sourcebook (“COBS”), and professional

--- Page 56 ---
56 
 
clients, as defined in Regulation (EU) No 600/2014 as it forms part of UK domestic law by virtue 
of the EUWA (“UK MiFIR”); and (ii) all channels for distribution of the Notes to eligible 
counterparties and professional clients are appropriate. [Details of any negative target market to 
be included if applicable.] Any person subsequently offering, selling or recommending the Notes 
(a “UK distributor”) should take into consideration the manufacturer[’s/s’] target market 
assessment; however, a UK distributor subject to the FCA Handbook Product Intervention and 
Product Governance Sourcebook (the “UK MiFIR Product Governance Rules”) is responsible 
for undertaking its own target market assessment in respect of the Notes (by either adopting or 
refining the manufacturer[’s/s’] target market assessment) and determining appropriate 
distribution channels.] 
[NOTIFICATION UNDER SECTION 309B(1) OF THE SECURITIES AND FUTURES ACT 2001 
(2020 REVISED EDITION) OF SINGAPORE – Solely for the purposes of discharging its 
obligations pursuant to sections 309B(1)(a) and 309B(1)(c) of the Securities and Futures Act 2001 
(2020 Revised Edition) of Singapore as modified or amended from time to time (the "SFA"), the 
relevant Issuer has determined, and hereby notifies all relevant persons (as defined in section 
309A of the SFA), that the Notes are [prescribed capital markets products (as defined in the 
Securities and Futures (Capital Markets Products) Regulations 2018) and Excluded Investment 
Products (as defined in MAS Notice SFA 04-N12: Notice on the Sale of Investment Products and 
MAS Notice FAA-N16: Notice on Recommendations on Investment Products)]/[capital markets 
products other than prescribed capital markets products (as defined in the Securities and Futures 
(Capital Markets Products) Regulations 2018) and Specified Investment Products (as defined in 
MAS Notice SFA 04- N12: Notice on the Sale of Investment Products and MAS Notice FAA-N16: 
Notice on Recommendations on Investment Products)].]1 
 
 
[DS SMITH PLC 
Legal entity identifier (LEI): 39RSBE4RCI4M15BLWH36] /  
[DS SMITH IRELAND TREASURY DESIGNATED ACTIVITY COMPANY  
Legal entity identifier (LEI): 549300RTXB9H5ZIPT056 ] 
Issue of [Aggregate Nominal Amount of Tranche] [Title of Notes] Due [      Year] 
under the EUR 5,000,000,000 
Euro Medium Term Note Programme 
[Guaranteed by DS SMITH PLC] 
PART A – CONTRACTUAL TERMS 
Terms used herein shall be deemed to be defined as such for the purposes of the Conditions set 
forth in the prospectus dated 16 August 2022 [as supplemented by the supplement[s] thereto 
dated [             ] [and [             ]]] which [together] constitute[s] a base prospectus for the purposes 
                                                     
1 If the Notes are to be offered into Singapore and are not vanilla fixed rate or floating rate notes, the product classification 
of the Notes as "prescribed capital markets products" under the SFA may need to be reassessed.

--- Page 57 ---
57 
 
of Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 (as amended or superseded, the “EU Prospectus Regulation”) 
(the “Prospectus”). This document constitutes the Final Terms of the Notes described herein for 
the purposes of Article 8 of the EU Prospectus Regulation and must be read in conjunction with 
the Prospectus. Full information on the Issuer and the offer of the Notes is only available on the 
basis of the combination of these Final Terms and the Prospectus. The Prospectus has been 
published on the website of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange at www.bourse.lu. 
(Include whichever of the following apply or specify as “Not Applicable”. Note that the numbering 
should remain as set out below, even if “Not Applicable” is indicated for individual paragraphs or 
subparagraphs. Italics denote directions for completing the Final Terms.)  
1. 
(i)      Issuer: 
 
 
 
[DS Smith Plc/  
DS Smith Ireland Treasury Designated Activity          
Company] 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
(ii)      Guarantor: 
 
 
[DS Smith Plc][Not Applicable] 
2. 
(a) 
Series Number: 
[             ] 
 
(b) 
Tranche Number: 
[             ] 
 
(c) 
Date on which the Notes will 
be consolidated and form a 
single Series: 
The Notes will be consolidated and form a 
single Series with [Provide issue 
amount/ISIN/maturity date/issue date of earlier 
Tranches] on [the Issue Date][exchange of the 
Temporary Bearer Global Note for interests in 
the Permanent Bearer Global Note, as referred 
to in paragraph [             ] below, which is 
expected to occur on or about [             ]][Not 
Applicable]  
2. 
Specified Currency or Currencies: 
[             ] 
3. 
Aggregate Nominal Amount: 
 
 
(a) 
Series: 
[             ] 
 
(b) 
Tranche: 
[             ] 
4. 
Issue Price: 
[             ] per cent. of the Aggregate Nominal 
Amount [plus accrued interest from [             ]] 
5. 
(a) 
Specified Denominations: 
[             ] and integral multiples of [             ] in 
excess thereof up [to and including [             ]]. 
No Notes in definitive form will be issued with 
a denomination above [             ]. 
 
 
 
(Notes must have a minimum denomination of 
€100,000 (or equivalent))

--- Page 58 ---
58 
 
 
(b) 
Calculation Amount: 
[             ] 
6. 
(a) 
Issue Date: 
[             ] 
 
(b) 
Interest Commencement Date: 
[             ][Issue Date][Not Applicable]  
 
 
 
(An Interest Commencement Date will not be 
relevant for certain Notes, for example Zero 
Coupon Notes) 
7. 
Maturity Date: 
[             ][Interest Payment Date falling in or 
nearest to [             ]] 
8. 
Interest Basis: 
[[             ] per cent. Fixed Rate] 
[[[             ] month [             ]  
[EURIBOR] +/- [             ] per cent. Floating 
Rate] 
[Zero coupon] 
(see paragraphs 13 to 15) 
 
9. 
Redemption Basis: 
Subject to any purchase and cancellation or 
early redemption, the Notes will be redeemed 
on the Maturity Date at [             ] per cent. of 
their nominal amount 
(Notes may not be redeemed at less than 100 
per cent. of their nominal amount) 
10. 
Change of Interest Basis: 
[Specify the date when any fixed to floating 
rate change occurs or cross-refer to 
paragraphs 13 and 14 below and identify 
there][Not Applicable] 
11. 
Put/Call Options: 
[Investor Put] 
[Change of Control Put]  
[Issuer Call] 
[Issuer Par Call] 
[Issuer Acquisition Call] 
[Not Applicable] 
(see paragraphs 17 to 21) 
12. 
Date [Board] approval for issuance of 
Notes and Guarantee (if applicable) 
obtained: 
[[             ] and [             ], respectively][Not 
Applicable] 
 
 
 
(Only relevant where Board (or similar) 
authorisation is required for the particular 
Tranche. Include details of the relevant

--- Page 59 ---
59 
 
authorisation for the Guarantee in respect of 
Notes issued by DS Smith Ireland.)  
PROVISIONS RELATING TO INTEREST (IF ANY) PAYABLE 
13. 
Fixed Rate Note Provisions: 
[Applicable][Not Applicable] 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-
paragraphs of this paragraph) 
 
(a) 
Rate(s) of Interest: 
[             ] per cent. per annum payable in 
arrear on each Interest Payment Date 
 
(b) 
Interest Payment Date(s): 
[             ] in each year up to and including the 
Maturity Date 
 
 
 
(Amend appropriately in the case of irregular 
coupons) 
 
(c) 
Fixed Coupon Amount(s): 
[             ] per Calculation Amount  
(Applicable to Notes in definitive form) 
 
(d) 
Broken Amount(s): 
[[             ] per Calculation Amount, payable on 
the Interest Payment Date falling [in][on] 
[             ]][Not Applicable] 
(Applicable to Notes in definitive form) 
 
(e) 
Day Count Fraction: 
[30/360][Actual/Actual (ICMA)] 
 
(f) 
Determination Date(s): 
[[             ] in each year][Not Applicable]  
 
 
 
(Only relevant where Day Count Fraction is 
Actual/Actual (ICMA). In such a case, insert 
regular interest payment dates, ignoring issue 
date or maturity date in the case of a long or 
short first or last coupon) 
 
(g) 
Step Up Rating Change and/or 
Step Down Rating Change: 
[Applicable] [Not Applicable] 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-
paragraph of this paragraph) 
 
 
Step Up Margin: 
[[             ] per cent. per annum]

--- Page 60 ---
60 
 
 
 
 
14. 
Floating Rate Note Provisions: 
[Applicable][Not Applicable]  
 
 
 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-
paragraphs of this paragraph) 
 
(a) 
Specified Period(s)/Specified 
Interest Payment Dates: 
[             ] [, subject to adjustment in 
accordance with the Business Day Convention 
set out in (b) below/, not subject to any 
adjustment, as the Business Day Convention 
in (b) below is specified to be Not Applicable] 
 
(b) 
Business Day Convention: 
[Floating Rate Convention][Following Business 
Day Convention][Modified Following Business 
Day Convention][Preceding Business Day 
Convention] [Not Applicable] 
 
(c) 
Additional Business Centre(s): 
[             ] 
 
(d) 
Manner in which the Rate of 
Interest and Interest Amount is 
to be determined: 
[Screen Rate Determination][ISDA 
Determination] 
 
(e) 
Party responsible for 
calculating the Rate of Interest 
and Interest Amount (if not the 
Principal Paying Agent): 
[             ]  
 
(f) 
Screen Rate Determination: 
 
 
 
(i) 
Reference Rate: 
[             ] month [EURIBOR] 
 
 
(ii) 
Interest Determination 
Date(s): 
[             ]  
 
 
 
 
(Second day on which the TARGET2 System 
is open prior to the start of each Interest 
Period if EURIBOR) 
 
 
(iii) 
Relevant Screen Page: 
[             ]  
 
 
 
(In the case of EURIBOR, if not Reuters 
EURIBOR01, ensure it is a page which shows 
a composite rate or amend the fallback 
provisions appropriately) 
 
(g) 
ISDA Determination:

--- Page 61 ---
61 
 
 
 
(i) 
Floating Rate Option: 
[             ] 
 
 
(ii) 
Designated Maturity: 
[             ] 
 
 
(iii) 
Reset Date: 
[             ] 
 
 
 
 
(In the case of a EURIBOR based option, the 
first day of the Interest Period) 
 
(h) 
Linear Interpolation: 
[Not Applicable][Applicable – the Rate of 
Interest for the [long/short] [first/last] Interest 
Period shall be calculated using Linear 
Interpolation] 
(Specify for each short or long interest period) 
 
(i) 
Margin(s): 
[+/-][             ] per cent. per annum 
 
(j) 
Minimum Rate of Interest: 
[             ] per cent. per annum 
 
(k) 
Maximum Rate of Interest: 
[             ] per cent. per annum 
 
(l) 
Day Count Fraction: 
[Actual/Actual (ISDA)][Actual/Actual]  
[Actual/365 (Fixed)] 
[Actual/365 (Sterling)] 
[Actual/360] 
[30/360][360/360][Bond Basis] 
[30E/360][Eurobond Basis] 
[30E/360 (ISDA)] 
 
(m) 
Step Up Rating Change and/or 
Step Down Rating Change: 
[Applicable] [Not Applicable] 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-
paragraph of this paragraph) 
 
 
Step Up Margin: 
[[             ] per cent. per annum] 
15. 
Zero Coupon Note Provisions: 
[Applicable][Not Applicable] 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-
paragraphs of this paragraph) 
 
(a) 
Accrual Yield: 
[             ] per cent. per annum 
 
(b) 
Reference Price: 
[             ] 
 
(c) 
Day Count Fraction in relation 
to Early Redemption Amounts: 
[30/360] [Actual/360] [Actual/365]

--- Page 62 ---
62 
 
PROVISIONS RELATING TO REDEMPTION 
16. 
Notice periods for Condition 8.2 
(Redemption for tax reasons): 
Minimum period: [30] days 
Maximum period: [60] days 
17. 
Issuer Call: 
[Applicable][Not Applicable] 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-
paragraphs of this paragraph) 
 
(a) 
Optional Redemption Date(s): 
[             ]  
 
(b) 
Optional Redemption Amount 
and method, if any, of 
calculation of such amount(s): 
[[             ] per Calculation Amount][Spens 
Amount][Make Whole Redemption Amount]  
 
 
(A) 
Reference Bond: 
[             ] 
 
 
(B) 
Redemption Margin: 
[             ] 
 
 
(C) 
Quotation Time: 
[             ] 
 
(c) 
If redeemable in part: 
 
 
 
(i) 
Minimum Redemption 
Amount: 
[             ]  
 
 
(ii) 
Maximum Redemption 
Amount: 
[             ]  
 
(d) 
Notice periods: 
Minimum period: [15] days Maximum period: 
[30] days 
(When setting notice periods, the Issuer is 
advised to consider the practicalities of 
distribution of information through 
intermediaries, for example, clearing systems 
(which require a minimum of 5 clearing system 
business days’ notice for a call) and 
custodians, as well as any other notice 
requirements which may apply, for example, as 
between the Issuer and the Principal Paying 
Agent or Trustee) 
18. 
Issuer Par Call: 
[Applicable][Not Applicable]  
(If not applicable, delete the remaining 
subparagraphs of this paragraph) 
 
(a) 
Issuer Par Call Date: 
[             ]  
 
(b) 
If redeemable in part:

--- Page 63 ---
63 
 
 
 
(i) 
Minimum Redemption 
Amount: 
[             ]  
 
 
(ii) 
Maximum Redemption 
Amount: 
[             ]  
 
(c) 
Notice periods: 
Minimum period: [15] days Maximum period:  
[30] days 
(When setting notice periods, the Issuer is 
advised to consider the practicalities of 
distribution of information through 
intermediaries, for example, clearing systems 
(which require a minimum of 5 clearing system 
business days’ notice for a call) and 
custodians, as well as any other notice 
requirements which may apply, for example, as 
between the Issuer and the Principal Paying 
Agent or Trustee) 
19. 
Issuer Acquisition Call: 
[Applicable][Not Applicable]  
20. 
Investor Put: 
[Applicable][Not Applicable]  
(If not applicable, delete the remaining 
subparagraphs of this paragraph) 
 
(a) 
Optional Redemption Date(s): 
[             ]  
 
(b) 
Optional Redemption Amount: 
[             ] per Calculation Amount 
 
(c) 
Notice periods: 
Minimum period: [             ] days Maximum 
period: [             ] days 
(When setting notice periods, the Issuer is 
advised to consider the practicalities of 
distribution of information through 
intermediaries, for example, clearing systems 
(which require a minimum of 5 clearing system 
business days’ notice for a call) and 
custodians, as well as any other notice 
requirements which may apply, for example, as 
between the Issuer and the Principal Paying 
Agent or Trustee) 
21. 
Change of Control Put: 
[Applicable][Not Applicable]  
(If not applicable, delete the remaining 
subparagraphs of this paragraph) 
 
(a) 
Change of Control Redemption 
Amount: 
[             ] per Calculation Amount

--- Page 64 ---
64 
 
 
(b) 
Notice periods: 
Minimum period: [             ] days 
Maximum period: [             ] days 
 
 
 
(When setting notice periods, the Issuer is 
advised to consider the practicalities of 
distribution of information through 
intermediaries, for example, clearing systems 
(which require a minimum of 5 clearing system 
business days’ notice for a call) and 
custodians, as well as any other notice 
requirements which may apply, for example, as 
between the Issuer and the Principal Paying 
Agent or Trustee) 
22. 
Final Redemption Amount: 
[             ] per Calculation Amount 
(Notes may not be redeemed at less than 100 
per cent. of their nominal amount.) 
23. 
Early Redemption Amount payable 
on redemption for taxation reasons or 
on Event of Default: 
[             ] per Calculation Amount 
GENERAL PROVISIONS APPLICABLE TO THE NOTES 
24. 
Form of Notes: 
 
 
(a) 
Form: 
[Bearer: 
 
 
 
[Temporary Bearer Global Note exchangeable 
for a Permanent Bearer Global Note which is 
exchangeable for Definitive Bearer Notes [on 
not less than 60 days’ notice given at any 
time/only upon an Exchange Event/at any time 
at the request of the Issuer]] 
 
 
 
[Temporary Bearer Global Note exchangeable 
for Definitive Bearer Notes on and after the 
Exchange Date] 
 
 
 
[Permanent Bearer Global Note exchangeable 
for Definitive Bearer Notes [on not less than 60 
days’ notice given at any time/only upon an 
Exchange Event/at any time at the request of 
the Issuer]]] 
 
 
 
[Registered:

--- Page 65 ---
65 
 
 
 
 
[Registered Global Note exchangeable for 
Definitive Registered Notes only upon an 
Exchange Event][Definitive Registered Notes]] 
 
 
 
(The exchange upon notice/at any time options 
should not be expressed to be applicable if the 
Specified Denomination of the Notes in 
paragraph 5 includes language substantially to 
the following effect: “[€100,000] and integral 
multiples of [€1,000] in excess thereof up to 
and including [€199,000].” Furthermore, such 
Specified Denomination construction is not 
permitted in relation to any issue of Bearer 
Notes which is to be represented on issue by a 
Temporary Bearer Global Note exchangeable 
for Definitive Bearer Notes.) 
 
(b) 
New Global Note/NSS: 
[Yes][No] 
 
 
 
 
25. 
 
Additional Financial Centre(s): 
[Not Applicable][ [             ] [and [             ]]] 
(Note that this paragraph relates to the date of 
payment and not Interest Period end dates to 
which paragraph 14(c) relates) 
26. 
 
Talons for future Coupons to 
be attached to Definitive 
Bearer Notes: 
[Yes, as the Notes have more than 27 coupon 
payments, Talons may be required if, on 
exchange into definitive form, more than 27 
coupon payments are still to be made][No]

--- Page 66 ---
66 
 
Signed on behalf of the Issuer:  
By: 
.......................................................... 
Director/Authorised signatory 
 
 
 
 
[Signed on behalf of the Guarantor:  
 
By: 
………………………………………... 
 
Director/Authorised signatory]

--- Page 67 ---
67 
 
PART B – OTHER INFORMATION 
1. 
LISTING AND ADMISSION TO 
TRADING 
 
 
(i) 
Listing and Admission to 
trading: 
[Application has been made by the Issuer (or 
on its behalf) for the Notes to be listed on the 
official list of the Bourse de Luxembourg with 
effect from [             ]] 
[Application is expected to be made by the 
Issuer (or on its behalf) for the Notes to be 
admitted to trading on the regulated market of 
the Bourse de Luxembourg with effect from 
[             ]] 
 
(ii) 
Estimate of total expenses 
related to admission to 
trading: 
[             ]  
2. 
RATINGS 
 
 
Ratings: 
[Not Applicable][The Notes to be issued [have 
been][are expected to be] rated: 
 
 
[[ ] by S&P Global Ratings Europe Limited 
(“S&P”)] 
 
 
S&P is established in the European Union and 
is registered under Regulation (EC) No. 
1060/2009 (as amended or superseded) (the 
“EU CRA Regulation”) 
S&P is established outside of the UK and has 
not applied for registration under Regulation 
(EC) No. 1060/2009 as it forms part of UK 
domestic law by virtue of the European Union 
(Withdrawal) Act 2018 (the “UK CRA 
Regulation”). Ratings by S&P are currently 
endorsed by S&P Global Ratings UK Limited 
for regulatory purposes in the UK in 
accordance with the UK CRA Regulation, 
which is a credit rating agency established in 
the UK and registered under the UK CRA 
Regulation. There can be no assurance that 
S&P Global Ratings UK Limited will continue 
to endorse ratings issued by S&P.] 
3. 
INTERESTS OF NATURAL AND LEGAL PERSONS INVOLVED IN THE ISSUE

--- Page 68 ---
68 
 
 
[[Save for any fees payable to the [Lead Managers][Dealers], so][So] far as the Issuer 
is aware, no person involved in the issue of the Notes has an interest material to the 
offer. The [Lead Managers][Dealers] and their affiliates have engaged, and may in the 
future engage, in investment banking and/or commercial banking transactions with, 
and may perform other services for, the Issuer and its affiliates in the ordinary course 
of business.] 
 
(Amend as appropriate if there are other interests. When adding any other description, 
consideration should be given as to whether such matters described constitute 
“significant new factors” and consequently trigger the need for a supplement to the 
Prospectus under Article 23 of the EU Prospectus Regulation.) 
4. 
REASONS FOR THE OFFER, ESTIMATED NET PROCEEDS AND TOTAL 
EXPENSES 
 
(i) 
Green Bonds: 
[Yes]/[No] 
 
(ii) 
Reasons for the offer: 
[See [“Use of Proceeds”] in Prospectus / []] 
(See “Use of Proceeds” wording in Prospectus 
– if reasons for offer different from what is 
disclosed in the Prospectus, give details here.) 
 
(iii)  
Estimated net proceeds: 
[●] 
 
(iv) 
Estimated total expenses: 
[●] 
5. 
YIELD 
 
 
Indication of yield: 
[             ][Not Applicable] 
(Fixed Rate Notes only) 
6. 
OPERATIONAL INFORMATION 
 
 
(i) 
ISIN: 
[        ] 
 
(ii) 
Common Code: 
[        ] 
 
(iii) 
Any clearing system(s) other 
than Euroclear Bank SA/NV 
and Clearstream Banking 
S.A. and the relevant 
identification number(s): 
[Not Applicable][        ] 
 
(iv) 
Delivery: 
Delivery [against][free of] payment 
 
(v) 
Names and addresses of 
additional Paying Agent(s) (if 
any): 
[Not Applicable][        ]

--- Page 69 ---
69 
 
 
(vi) 
Intended to be held in a 
manner which would allow 
Eurosystem eligibility: 
[Yes. Note that the designation “yes” simply 
means that the Notes are intended upon issue 
to be deposited with one of the ICSDs as 
common safekeeper [(and registered in the 
name of a nominee of one of the ICSDs acting 
as common safekeeper) (include this text for 
registered notes)] and does not necessarily 
mean that the Notes will be recognised as 
eligible collateral for Eurosystem monetary 
policy and intra-day credit operations by the 
Eurosystem either upon issue or at any or all 
times during their life. Such recognition will 
depend upon the ECB being satisfied that 
Eurosystem eligibility criteria have been met.] 
 
 
 
[No. Whilst the designation is specified as “no” 
at the date of these Final Terms, should the 
Eurosystem eligibility criteria be amended in 
the future such that the Notes are capable of 
meeting them the Notes may then be 
deposited with one of the ICSDs as common 
safekeeper [(and registered in the name of a 
nominee of one of the ICSDs acting as 
common safekeeper) (include this text for 
registered notes)]. Note that this does not 
necessarily mean that the Notes will then be 
recognised as eligible collateral for 
Eurosystem monetary policy and intra-day 
credit operations by the Eurosystem at any 
time during their life. Such recognition will 
depend upon the ECB being satisfied that 
Eurosystem eligibility criteria have been met.] 
7. 
DISTRIBUTION 
 
 
(i) 
Method of distribution: 
[Syndicated][Non-syndicated] 
 
(ii) 
If syndicated, names of 
Managers: 
[Not Applicable][        ] 
 
(iii) 
Date of [Subscription] 
Agreement: 
[             ] 
 
(iv) 
Stabilising Manager(s) (if 
any): 
[Not Applicable][        ] 
 
(v) 
If non-syndicated, name of 
relevant Dealer: 
[Not Applicable][        ]

--- Page 70 ---
70 
 
 
(vi) 
U.S. Selling Restrictions: 
Reg. S Compliance Category 2 
[TEFRA D][TEFRA C][TEFRA Not Applicable]

--- Page 71 ---
71 
 
TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THE NOTES 
The following are the Terms and Conditions of the Notes which will be incorporated by reference 
into each Global Note (as defined below) and each definitive Note, in the latter case only if 
permitted by the relevant stock exchange or other relevant authority (if any) and agreed by the 
relevant Issuer and the relevant Dealer at the time of issue but, if not so permitted and agreed, 
such definitive Note will have endorsed thereon or attached thereto such Terms and Conditions. 
The applicable Final Terms (or the relevant provisions thereof) will be endorsed upon, or attached 
to, each Global Note and definitive Note. Reference should be made to “applicable Final Terms” 
for a description of the content of Final Terms which will specify which of such terms are to apply 
in relation to the relevant Notes. 
This Note is one of a Series (as defined below) of Notes issued by DS Smith Plc or DS Smith 
Ireland Treasury Designated Activity Company (each in its capacity as issuer of the Notes, the 
“Issuer”), as specified in the applicable Final Terms. References hereon to the “Issuer” shall be 
to the Issuer specified in the applicable Final Terms. The Notes are constituted by, having the 
benefit of and subject to an amended and restated trust deed (such trust deed as modified and/or 
supplemented and/or restated from time to time, the “Trust Deed”) dated 16 August 2022 made 
between DS Smith Plc (in its capacities as Issuer and as the Group Guarantor (as defined below)) 
and DS Smith Ireland Treasury Designated Activity Company (in its capacity as Issuer) and 
Citicorp Trustee Company Limited (the “Trustee”, which expression shall include any successor 
as Trustee). Notes issued by DS Smith Ireland Treasury Designated Activity Company will be 
unconditionally and irrevocably guaranteed by DS Smith Plc under the terms of the Trust Deed 
(in its capacity as guarantor, the "Group Guarantor"). 
As used herein, the term "Guarantor" shall mean (i) in respect of any Series of Notes issued by 
DS Smith Ireland Treasury Designated Activity Company, the Group Guarantor and any 
Subsidiary of the Group Guarantor which accedes to the Trust Deed as a New Guarantor (as 
defined herein) pursuant to Condition 3(b) (but excluding any Released Guarantor (as defined 
herein) which has ceased to be a guarantor pursuant to Condition 3(c)) and (ii) in respect of any 
Series of Notes issued by DS Smith Plc, any Subsidiary of the Issuer which accedes to the Trust 
Deed as a New Guarantor pursuant to Condition 3(b) (but excluding any Released Guarantor 
which has ceased to be a guarantor pursuant to Condition 3(c)), and references to the 
"Guarantee" shall be construed accordingly. 
References herein to the “Notes” shall be references to the Notes of this Series and shall mean: 
(a) 
in relation to any Notes represented by a global Note (a “Global Note”), units of each 
Specified Denomination in the Specified Currency; 
(b) 
any Global Note; 
(c) 
any definitive Notes in bearer form (“Bearer Notes”) issued in exchange for a Global Note 
in bearer form; and 
(d) 
any definitive Notes in registered form (“Registered Notes”) (whether or not issued in 
exchange for a Global Note in registered form). 
The Notes and the Coupons (as defined below) have the benefit of an agency agreement (such 
Agency Agreement as amended and/or supplemented and/or restated from time to time, the

--- Page 72 ---
72 
 
“Agency Agreement”) dated 16 August 2022 and made between DS Smith Plc (in its capacities 
as Issuer and Group Guarantor), DS Smith Ireland Treasury Designated Activity Company (in its 
capacity as Issuer), the Trustee, Citibank, N.A., London Branch as issuing and principal paying 
agent (the “Principal Paying Agent”, which expression shall include any successor principal 
paying agent) and the other paying agents named therein (together with the Principal Paying 
Agent, the “Paying Agents”, which expression shall include any additional or successor paying 
agents), Citibank Europe Plc, Dublin Branch as registrar (the “Registrar” which expression shall 
include any successor registrar) and the other transfer agents named therein (together with the 
Registrar, the “Transfer Agents”, which expression shall include any additional or successor 
transfer agents and the Paying Agents, the Registrar and the Transfer Agents being together, the 
“Agents”).  
Interest bearing definitive Bearer Notes have interest coupons (“Coupons”) and, in the case of 
such Notes which, when issued in definitive form, have more than 27 interest payments 
remaining, talons for further Coupons (“Talons”) attached on issue. Any reference herein to 
Coupons or coupons shall, unless the context otherwise requires, be deemed to include a 
reference to Talons or talons. Global Notes do not have Coupons or Talons attached on issue. 
The final terms for this Note (or the relevant provisions thereof) are set out in Part A of the Final 
Terms attached to or endorsed on this Note which complete these Terms and Conditions (the 
“Conditions”). References to the “applicable Final Terms” are to Part A of the Final Terms (or 
the relevant provisions thereof) attached to or endorsed on this Note. 
The Trustee acts for the benefit of the holders for the time being of the Notes (the “Noteholders”, 
which expression shall, in relation to any Notes represented by a Global Note, be construed as 
provided below) and the holders of the Coupons (the “Couponholders”, which expression shall, 
unless the context otherwise requires, include the holders of the Talons) in accordance with and 
subject to the provisions of the Trust Deed. 
As used herein, “Tranche” means Notes which are identical in all respects (including as to listing 
and admission to trading) and “Series” means a Tranche of Notes together with any further 
Tranche or Tranches of Notes which are (a) expressed to be consolidated and form a single series 
and (b) identical in all respects (including as to listing and admission to trading) save for the 
amount, the issue price and the date of the first payment of interest thereon. 
Copies of the Trust Deed and the Agency Agreement are (i) available for inspection during normal 
business hours at the registered office for the time being of the Trustee being at Citigroup Centre, 
Canada Square, Canary Wharf, London E14 5LB, United Kingdom and at the specified office of 
the Principal Paying Agent, or (ii) may be provided by email to a Noteholder following prior written 
request to the Trustee, the relevant Paying Agent or the relevant Transfer Agent therefor and 
provision of proof of holding and identity (in a form satisfactory to the Trustee, the relevant Paying 
Agent or the relevant Transfer Agent, as the case may be). If the Notes are to be admitted to 
trading on the regulated market of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange, the applicable Final Terms 
will be published on the website of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange (www.bourse.lu). The 
Noteholders and the Couponholders are deemed to have notice of, and are entitled to the benefit 
of, all the provisions of the Trust Deed and the Agency Agreement and the applicable Final Terms 
which are applicable to them. The statements in the Conditions include summaries of, and are 
subject to, the detailed provisions of the Trust Deed and the Agency Agreement.

--- Page 73 ---
73 
 
Words and expressions defined in the Trust Deed, the Agency Agreement or used in the 
applicable Final Terms shall have the same meanings where used in the Conditions unless the 
context otherwise requires or unless otherwise stated and provided that, in the event of 
inconsistency between the Trust Deed and the Agency Agreement, the Trust Deed will prevail 
and, in the event of inconsistency between the Trust Deed, the Agency Agreement and the 
applicable Final Terms, the applicable Final Terms will prevail. 
In the Conditions, “euro” means the currency introduced at the start of the third stage of European 
economic and monetary union pursuant to the Treaty on the Functioning of the European Union, 
as amended. 
1. 
FORM, DENOMINATION AND TITLE 
The Notes are in bearer form or in registered form and, in the case of definitive Notes, 
serially numbered, in the currency (the “Specified Currency”) and the denominations 
(the “Specified Denomination(s)”) specified in the applicable Final Terms. Notes of one 
Specified Denomination may not be exchanged for Notes of another Specified 
Denomination. 
The Notes will be issued in such denominations as may be agreed between the Issuer 
and the relevant Dealer, save that the minimum denomination of each Note will be such 
amount as may be allowed or required from time to time by the relevant central bank (or 
equivalent body) or any laws or regulations applicable to the relevant Specified Currency, 
and save that the minimum denomination of each Note will be €100,000 (or, if the Notes 
are denominated in a currency other than euro, the equivalent amount in such currency). 
This Note may be a Fixed Rate Note, a Floating Rate Note or a Zero Coupon Note, or a 
combination of any of the foregoing, depending upon the Interest Basis shown in the 
applicable Final Terms. 
Bearer Notes in definitive form (“Definitive Bearer Notes”) are serially numbered and 
are issued with Coupons attached, unless they are Zero Coupon Notes in which case 
references to Coupons and Couponholders in the Conditions are not applicable. 
Subject as set out below, title to Bearer Notes, Coupons and Talons will pass by delivery. 
Title to the Registered Notes will pass by registration in the register that the Issuer shall 
procure to be kept by the Registrar in accordance with the provisions of the Agency 
Agreement. The Issuer, any Guarantor (where applicable), any Agent and the Trustee will 
(except as otherwise required by law) deem and treat the bearer of any Bearer Note or 
Coupon and the registered holder of any Registered Note as the absolute owner thereof 
(whether or not overdue and notwithstanding any notice of ownership or writing thereon 
or notice of any previous loss or theft thereof) for all purposes and shall incur no liability 
for so doing and, in the case of any Global Note, without prejudice to the provisions set 
out in the next paragraph. 
For so long as any of the Notes is represented by a Global Note held on behalf of 
Euroclear Bank SA/NV (“Euroclear”) and/or Clearstream Banking, S.A. (“Clearstream, 
Luxembourg”), each person (other than Euroclear or Clearstream, Luxembourg) who is 
for the time being shown in the records of Euroclear or of Clearstream, Luxembourg as 
the holder of a particular nominal amount of such Notes (in which regard any certificate

--- Page 74 ---
74 
 
or other document issued by Euroclear or Clearstream, Luxembourg as to the nominal 
amount of such Notes standing to the account of any person shall be conclusive and 
binding for all purposes save in the case of manifest error) shall be treated by the Issuer, 
any Guarantor (where applicable), the Agents and the Trustee as the holder of such 
nominal amount of such Notes for all purposes other than with respect to the payment of 
principal or interest on such nominal amount of such Notes, for which purpose the bearer 
of the relevant Bearer Global Note or the registered holder of the relevant Registered 
Global Note shall be treated by the Issuer, any Guarantor (where applicable), any Agent 
and the Trustee as the holder of such nominal amount of such Notes in accordance with 
and subject to the terms of the relevant Global Note and the expressions “Noteholder”, 
“holder of Notes” and “holder” and related expressions shall be construed accordingly. 
In determining whether a particular person is entitled to a particular nominal amount of 
Notes as aforesaid, the Trustee may rely on such evidence and/or information and/or 
certification as it shall, in its absolute discretion, think fit and, if it does so rely, such 
evidence and/or information and/or certification shall, in the absence of manifest error, be 
conclusive and binding on all concerned. 
Notes which are represented by a Global Note will be transferable only in accordance 
with the rules and procedures for the time being of Euroclear and Clearstream, 
Luxembourg, as the case may be. References to Euroclear and/or Clearstream, 
Luxembourg shall, whenever the context so permits, be deemed to include a reference 
to any additional or alternative clearing system specified in Part B of the applicable Final 
Terms. 
2. 
TRANSFERS OF REGISTERED NOTES 
2.1 
Transfers of interests in Registered Global Notes 
Transfers of beneficial interests in Registered Global Notes will be effected by Euroclear 
or Clearstream, Luxembourg, as the case may be, and, in turn, by other participants and, 
if appropriate, indirect participants in such clearing systems acting on behalf of beneficial 
transferors and transferees of such interests. A beneficial interest in a Registered Global 
Note will, subject to compliance with all applicable legal and regulatory restrictions, be 
transferable for Notes in definitive form or a beneficial interest in another Registered 
Global Note only in the Specified Denomination(s) set out in the applicable Final Terms 
and only in accordance with the rules and operating procedures for the time being of 
Euroclear or Clearstream, Luxembourg, as the case may be, and in accordance with the 
terms and conditions specified in the Agency Agreement. 
2.2 
Registered Notes in definitive form 
Subject as provided in Condition 2.6 (Closed Periods) below, upon the terms and subject 
to the conditions set forth in the Agency Agreement, a Registered Note in definitive form 
(a “Definitive Registered Note”) may be transferred in whole or in part (in the Specified 
Denomination(s) set out in the applicable Final Terms). In order to effect any such transfer, 
(a) the holder or holders must (i) surrender the Registered Note for registration of the 
transfer of the Registered Note (or the relevant part of the Registered Note) at the 
specified office of the Registrar or any Transfer Agent, with the form of transfer thereon 
duly executed by the holder or holders thereof or his or their attorney or attorneys duly 
authorised in writing (and, if applicable, a certified copy of the instrument duly authorising

--- Page 75 ---
75 
 
such attorney or attorneys) and (ii) complete and deposit such other certifications as may 
be required by the Registrar or, as the case may be, the relevant Transfer Agent and (b) 
the Registrar or, as the case may be, the relevant Transfer Agent must, after due and 
careful enquiry, be satisfied with the documents of title and the identity of the person 
making the request. Any such transfer will be subject to such reasonable regulations as 
the Issuer and the Registrar may from time to time prescribe (the initial such regulations 
being set out in schedule 4 to the Agency Agreement). Subject as provided above, the 
Registrar or, as the case may be, the relevant Transfer Agent will, within three business 
days (being, for this purpose, a day on which banks are open for business in the city 
where the specified office of the Registrar or, as the case may be, the relevant Transfer 
Agent is located) of the request (or such longer period as may be required to comply with 
any applicable fiscal or other laws or regulations), authenticate and deliver, or procure the 
authentication and delivery of, at its specified office to the transferee or (at the risk of the 
transferee) send by regular uninsured mail, to such address as the transferee may 
request, a new Definitive Registered Note of a like aggregate nominal amount to the 
Registered Note (or the relevant part of the Registered Note) transferred. In the case of 
the transfer of part only of a Definitive Registered Note, a new Definitive Registered Note 
in respect of the balance of the Registered Note not transferred will be so authenticated 
and delivered or (at the risk of the transferor) sent to the transferor. 
2.3 
Registration of transfer upon partial redemption 
In the event of a partial redemption of Notes under Condition 8 (Redemption and 
Purchase), the Issuer shall not be required to register the transfer of any Registered Note, 
or part of a Registered Note, called for partial redemption. 
2.4 
Costs of registration 
Noteholders will not be required to bear the costs and expenses of effecting any 
registration of transfer as provided above, except for any costs or expenses of delivery 
other than by regular uninsured mail and except that the Issuer may require the payment 
of a sum sufficient to cover any stamp duty, tax or other governmental charge that may 
be imposed in relation to the registration. 
2.5 
Exchanges and transfers of Registered Notes generally 
Holders of Definitive Registered Notes may exchange such Notes for interests in a 
Registered Global Note of the same type at any time. 
2.6 
Closed Periods 
No Noteholder may require the transfer of a Registered Note to be registered (i) during 
the period of 15 days ending on the date for redemption of that Note, (ii) during the period 
of 15 days prior to any date on which Notes may be called for redemption by the Issuer 
at its option pursuant to Condition 8.3 (Redemption at the option of the Issuer (Issuer 
Call)) or Condition 8.4 (Redemption at par at the option of the Issuer (Issuer Par Call)), 
(iii) after any such Note has been called for redemption or (iv) during the period of seven 
days ending on (and including) any Record Date.

--- Page 76 ---
76 
 
3. 
STATUS OF THE NOTES 
(a) 
The Notes and any relative Coupons are direct, unconditional, unsubordinated 
and (subject to the provisions of Condition 5 (Negative Pledge)) unsecured 
obligations of the Issuer and rank pari passu among themselves and (save for 
certain obligations required to be preferred by law) equally with all other 
unsecured obligations (other than subordinated obligations, if any) of the Issuer 
from time to time outstanding. 
(b) 
If, after the first Tranche of the Notes comprising a Series is issued and as long 
as any Note comprising such Series remains outstanding, (i) any Group 
Subsidiary that is not a Guarantor provides a Financing Guarantee under any 
Financing and (ii) it is lawful for such Group Subsidiary to do so and subject, if 
and only to the extent applicable, to any guarantee limit imposed on such Group 
Subsidiary by mandatory provisions of law, the Issuer shall so notify the Trustee 
in writing and the Issuer (in the case of Notes issued by DS Smith Plc) or the 
Group Guarantor (in the case of Notes issued by DS Smith Ireland Treasury 
Designated Activity Company) shall procure that such Group Subsidiary (A) 
accedes to the Trust Deed as a Guarantor (by executing a supplemental trust 
deed in the form set out in schedule 6 to the Trust Deed or in such other form and 
substance satisfactory to the Trustee), and irrevocably and unconditionally and 
jointly and severally guarantees, on a pari passu basis with such Group 
Subsidiary’s obligations as guarantor under such Financing, the due and punctual 
payment of all sums from time to time payable by the Issuer in respect of the 
Notes, the Coupons and the Trust Deed and (B) executes all such other 
documents as the Trustee may require to give effect to such guarantee (any such 
Group Subsidiary that accedes to the Trust Deed as a Guarantor pursuant to this 
Condition 3(b), a “New Guarantor”). The Issuer shall promptly give notice to the 
Trustee, the Principal Paying Agent, the Registrar (in the case of Registered 
Notes) and the Noteholders in accordance with Condition 15 (Notices) of the 
accession of any New Guarantor. 
(c) 
If any New Guarantor ceases to be a guarantor under the Financings and has 
been fully and unconditionally released from all of its obligations and liabilities 
under any such Financing Guarantees, such New Guarantor (a “Released 
Guarantor”) shall, upon receipt of the notice described in this Condition 3(c), be 
discharged from all of its obligations and liabilities under its Guarantee of the 
Notes without any further action required on the part of the Trustee, any 
Noteholder or any Couponholder. With respect to any such New Guarantor that 
ceases to be a guarantor under the Financings, the Issuer (in the case of Notes 
issued by DS Smith Plc) or the Group Guarantor (in the case of Notes issued by 
DS Smith Ireland Treasury Designated Activity Company) will deliver a notice 
signed by two Directors notifying the Trustee that such New Guarantor has been 
fully and unconditionally released from all of its obligations and liabilities under 
any such Financing Guarantees and such notice will contain a certification that, 
as at the date of such notice, no Event of Default or a Potential Event of Default 
is continuing or will result from the release of that New Guarantor from its 
obligations as guarantor of the Notes and Coupons. Such notice may be relied 
upon by the Trustee without liability and without further enquiry or evidence, and 
if relied upon by the Trustee, shall, in the absence of manifest error, be conclusive

--- Page 77 ---
77 
 
and binding on all parties. Any New Guarantor not so released shall remain 
irrevocably and unconditionally liable for its obligations under the Guarantee of 
the Notes. The Issuer shall promptly give notice to the Trustee, the Principal 
Paying Agent, the Registrar (in the case of Registered Notes) and the 
Noteholders in accordance with Condition 15 (Notices) following any such 
release of a New Guarantor. If a Released Guarantor issues a Financing 
Guarantee under any of the Financings at any time subsequent to the date on 
which it is released from the Guarantee of the Notes as described above, it will 
be required to provide a guarantee as described in, and subject to the provisions 
of, Condition 3(b) above. 
(d) 
The Issuer and the Principal Paying Agent shall maintain an updated list of 
Guarantors, which shall be available for inspection at their respective registered 
offices upon request or provided by email to a Noteholder following prior written 
request therefor and provision of proof of holding and identity (in form and 
substance satisfactory to the Issuer or the Principal Paying Agent, as the case 
may be). The Trustee shall be under no obligation to ascertain whether a 
Subsidiary of the Issuer should become a New Guarantor pursuant to Condition 
3(b) and until it shall have received express notice thereof pursuant to this 
Condition to the contrary, it shall be entitled to assume that no Subsidiary of the 
Issuer is required to become a New Guarantor pursuant to Condition 3(b). 
(e) 
In this Condition: 
“Financing” means: 
(i) 
the £1,400,000,000 revolving credit facility dated 29 November 2018 (as 
amended and restated from time to time) between, amongst others, DS 
Smith Plc and National Westminster Bank plc as facility agent; and 
(ii) 
the Private Placement Notes, 
or any refinancing, renewal or substitution thereof (however many times), 
whether entered into by DS Smith Plc or any of its Subsidiaries.  
“Financing Guarantee” means, in relation to any Indebtedness for Borrowed 
Money of any person, any obligation of another person to pay such Indebtedness 
for Borrowed Money, including, without limitation: 
(i) 
any obligation to purchase such Indebtedness for Borrowed Money; 
(ii) 
any obligation to lend money, purchase or subscribe shares or other 
securities or purchase assets or services in order to provide funds for the 
payment of such Indebtedness for Borrowed Money; 
(iii) 
any indemnity against the consequences of a default in the payment of 
such Indebtedness for Borrowed Money; and 
(iv) 
any other agreement to be responsible for such Indebtedness for 
Borrowed Money;

--- Page 78 ---
78 
 
“Group Subsidiary” means a Subsidiary of DS Smith Plc from time to time; 
“Indebtedness for Borrowed Money” means any indebtedness for or in respect 
of: 
(i) 
moneys borrowed; or 
(ii) 
any derivative transaction protecting against or benefiting from 
fluctuations in any rate or price (and, except for non-payment of an 
amount, the then mark-to-market value of the derivative transaction will 
be used to calculate its amount); 
“Private Placement Notes” means DS Smith Plc’s U.S.$268,000,000 4.65 per 
cent. Series E Senior Notes due 2022, as amended and restated from time to 
time; and 
“Subsidiary” means, in relation to any entity, any company which is for the time 
being a subsidiary (within the meaning of Section 1159 of the Companies Act 
2006) of such entity. 
4. 
GUARANTEE 
(a) 
Guarantee  
Pursuant to the Trust Deed, the Group Guarantor has unconditionally and 
irrevocably guaranteed, and each New Guarantor that accedes to the Trust Deed 
in accordance with Condition 3(b) will agree to unconditionally and irrevocably 
guarantee the due payment of all sums expressed to be payable by the Issuer 
under the Trust Deed, the Notes issued by the Issuer and the relevant Coupons. 
(b) 
Status of the Guarantee  
The obligations of each Guarantor under the Guarantee constitute direct, 
unconditional, unsubordinated and (subject to Condition 5 (Negative Pledge)) 
unsecured obligations of such Guarantor and shall, save for such exceptions as 
may be provided by applicable legislation and subject to Condition 5 (Negative 
Pledge), at all times rank at least equally with all other unsecured and 
unsubordinated indebtedness and monetary obligations of such Guarantor, 
present and future.  
As at the date of this Prospectus, Notes issued by DS Smith Ireland Treasury Designated 
Activity Company are guaranteed by DS Smith Plc and Notes issued by DS Smith Plc are 
not guaranteed. This Condition 4 shall not apply to any Notes issued by DS Smith Plc for 
as long as they remain unguaranteed. 
5. 
NEGATIVE PLEDGE 
So long as any Note or Coupon remains outstanding (as defined in the Trust Deed): 
(a) 
the Issuer and each Guarantor (where applicable) will not; and

--- Page 79 ---
79 
 
(b) 
the Issuer (in the case of Notes issued by DS Smith Plc) or the Group Guarantor 
(in the case of Notes issued by DS Smith Ireland Treasury Designated Activity 
Company) will procure that no Group Subsidiary will, 
create, assume or permit to subsist any mortgage, charge, lien, pledge or other security 
interest (a “Security Interest”), upon the whole or any part of its or their present or future 
undertaking, assets or revenues (including any uncalled capital) to secure any Relevant 
Indebtedness or to secure any guarantee or indemnity in respect of any Relevant 
Indebtedness, without at the same time or prior thereto according to the Notes and the 
Coupons the same security as is created, assumed or subsisting to secure any such 
Relevant Indebtedness, guarantee or indemnity or such other security as either (i) the 
Trustee shall in its absolute discretion deem not materially less beneficial to the interest 
of the Noteholders or (ii) shall be approved by an Extraordinary Resolution (as defined in 
the Trust Deed) of the Noteholders, save that the Issuer, each Guarantor (where 
applicable) and any Group Subsidiary may create or have outstanding (without any 
obligation to secure any Note or Coupon) a Permitted Security Interest. 
In this Condition: 
“Permitted Security Interest” means a Security Interest on the undertaking or assets of 
a company acquired by the Issuer, any Guarantor (where applicable) or any Group 
Subsidiary after the Issue Date, provided that such Security Interest was not created in 
contemplation of such acquisition and the principal amount secured by such Security 
Interest has not been increased in contemplation of or since such acquisition; and 
“Relevant Indebtedness” means any indebtedness of any person which is in the form 
of, or represented or evidenced by, bonds, notes, debentures, depositary receipts, loan 
stock or other securities which for the time being are or are capable of being quoted, listed 
or dealt in or traded on any stock exchange or over-the-counter or other securities market. 
6. 
INTEREST 
The applicable Final Terms will indicate whether the Notes are Fixed Rate Notes, Floating 
Rate Notes or Zero Coupon Notes. 
6.1 
Interest on Fixed Rate Notes 
Each Fixed Rate Note bears interest from (and including) the Interest Commencement 
Date at the rate(s) per annum equal to the Rate(s) of Interest. Interest will be payable in 
arrear on the Interest Payment Date(s) in each year up to (and including) the Maturity 
Date. 
If the Notes are in definitive form, except as provided in the applicable Final Terms, the 
amount of interest payable on each Interest Payment Date in respect of the Fixed Interest 
Period ending on (but excluding) such date will amount to the Fixed Coupon Amount. 
Payment of any Broken Amount will, if so specified in the applicable Final Terms, be made 
on the Interest Payment Date(s) specified in the applicable Final Terms.

--- Page 80 ---
80 
 
As used in these Conditions, “Fixed Interest Period” means the period from (and 
including) an Interest Payment Date (or the Interest Commencement Date) to (but 
excluding) the next (or first) Interest Payment Date. 
Except in the case of Notes in definitive form where an applicable Fixed Coupon Amount 
or Broken Amount is specified in the applicable Final Terms, interest shall be calculated 
in respect of any period by applying the Rate of Interest to: 
(a) 
in the case of Fixed Rate Notes which are represented by a Global Note, the 
aggregate outstanding nominal amount of the Fixed Rate Notes represented by 
such Global Note; or 
(b) 
in the case of Fixed Rate Notes in definitive form, the Calculation Amount as 
specified in the applicable Final Terms; 
and, in each case, multiplying such sum by the applicable Day Count Fraction, and 
rounding the resultant figure to the nearest sub-unit of the relevant Specified Currency, 
half of any such sub-unit being rounded upwards or otherwise in accordance with 
applicable market convention. Where the Specified Denomination of a Fixed Rate Note 
in definitive form is a multiple of the Calculation Amount, the amount of interest payable 
in respect of such Fixed Rate Note shall be the product of the amount (determined in the 
manner provided above) for the Calculation Amount and the amount by which the 
Calculation Amount is multiplied to reach the Specified Denomination, without any further 
rounding. 
“Day Count Fraction” means, in respect of the calculation of an amount of interest in 
accordance with this Condition 6.1 (Interest on Fixed Rate Notes): 
(a) 
if “Actual/Actual (ICMA)” is specified in the applicable Final Terms: 
(i) 
in the case of Notes where the number of days in the relevant period from 
(and including) the most recent Interest Payment Date (or, if none, the 
Interest Commencement Date) to (but excluding) the relevant payment 
date (the Accrual Period) is equal to or shorter than the Determination 
Period during which the Accrual Period ends, the number of days in such 
Accrual Period divided by the product of (I) the number of days in such 
Determination Period and (II) the number of Determination Dates (as 
specified in the applicable Final Terms) that would occur in one calendar 
year; or 
(ii) 
in the case of Notes where the Accrual Period is longer than the 
Determination Period during which the Accrual Period ends, the sum of: 
(A) 
the number of days in such Accrual Period falling in the 
Determination Period in which the Accrual Period begins divided 
by the product of (x) the number of days in such Determination 
Period and (y) the number of Determination Dates that would 
occur in one calendar year; and

--- Page 81 ---
81 
 
(B) 
the number of days in such Accrual Period falling in the next 
Determination Period divided by the product of (x) the number of 
days in such Determination Period and (y) the number of 
Determination Dates that would occur in one calendar year; and 
(b) 
if “30/360” is specified in the applicable Final Terms, the number of days in the 
period from (and including) the most recent Interest Payment Date (or, if none, 
the Interest Commencement Date) to (but excluding) the relevant payment date 
(such number of days being calculated on the basis of a year of 360 days with 12 
30-day months) divided by 360. 
In these Conditions: 
“Determination Period” means each period from (and including) a Determination Date 
to (but excluding) the next Determination Date (including, where either the Interest 
Commencement Date or the final Interest Payment Date is not a Determination Date, the 
period commencing on the first Determination Date prior to, and ending on the first 
Determination Date falling after, such date); and 
“sub-unit” means, with respect to any currency other than euro, the lowest amount of 
such currency that is available as legal tender in the country of such currency and, with 
respect to euro, one cent. 
6.2 
Interest on Floating Rate Notes 
(a) 
Interest Payment Dates 
Each Floating Rate Note bears interest from (and including) the Interest 
Commencement Date and such interest will be payable in arrear on either: 
(i) 
the Specified Interest Payment Date(s) in each year specified in the 
applicable Final Terms; or 
(ii) 
if no Specified Interest Payment Date(s) is/are specified in the applicable 
Final Terms, each date (each such date, together with each Specified 
Interest Payment Date, an “Interest Payment Date”) which falls the 
number of months or other period specified as the Specified Period in the 
applicable Final Terms after the preceding Interest Payment Date or, in 
the case of the first Interest Payment Date, after the Interest 
Commencement Date. 
Such interest will be payable in respect of each Interest Period. In these 
Conditions, “Interest Period” means the period from (and including) an Interest 
Payment Date (or the Interest Commencement Date) to (but excluding) the next 
(or first) Interest Payment Date. 
If a Business Day Convention is specified in the applicable Final Terms and (x) if 
there is no numerically corresponding day in the calendar month in which an 
Interest Payment Date should occur or (y) if any Interest Payment Date would

--- Page 82 ---
82 
 
otherwise fall on a day which is not a Business Day, then, if the Business Day 
Convention specified is: 
(A) 
in any case where Specified Periods are specified in accordance with 
Condition 6.2(a)(ii) above, the Floating Rate Convention, such Interest 
Payment Date (a) in the case of (x) above, shall be the last day that is a 
Business Day in the relevant month and the provisions of (ii) below shall 
apply mutatis mutandis or (b) in the case of (y) above, shall be postponed 
to the next day which is a Business Day unless it would thereby fall into 
the next calendar month, in which event (i) such Interest Payment Date 
shall be brought forward to the immediately preceding Business Day and 
(ii) each subsequent Interest Payment Date shall be the last Business 
Day in the month which falls the Specified Period after the preceding 
applicable Interest Payment Date occurred; or 
(B) 
the Following Business Day Convention, such Interest Payment Date 
shall be postponed to the next day which is a Business Day; or 
(C) 
the Modified Following Business Day Convention, such Interest Payment 
Date shall be postponed to the next day which is a Business Day unless 
it would thereby fall into the next calendar month, in which event such 
Interest Payment Date shall be brought forward to the immediately 
preceding Business Day; or 
(D) 
the Preceding Business Day Convention, such Interest Payment Date 
shall be brought forward to the immediately preceding Business Day. 
In these Conditions, “Business Day” means a day which is both: 
(a) 
a day on which commercial banks and foreign exchange markets settle 
payments and are open for general business (including dealing in foreign 
exchange and foreign currency deposits) in London and each Additional 
Business Centre specified in the applicable Final Terms; and 
(b) 
either (i) in relation to any sum payable in a Specified Currency other than 
euro, a day on which commercial banks and foreign exchange markets 
settle payments and are open for general business (including dealing in 
foreign exchange and foreign currency deposits) in the principal financial 
centre of the country of the relevant Specified Currency (which if the 
Specified Currency is Australian dollars or New Zealand dollars shall be 
Sydney and Auckland, respectively) or (ii) in relation to any sum payable 
in euro, a day on which the Trans-European Automated Real-Time Gross 
Settlement Express Transfer (TARGET2) System (the TARGET2 
System) is open. 
(b) 
Rate of Interest on Floating Rate Notes 
The Rate of Interest payable from time to time in respect of Floating Rate Notes 
will be determined in the manner specified in the applicable Final Terms.

--- Page 83 ---
83 
 
(i) 
ISDA Determination for Floating Rate Notes 
Where ISDA Determination is specified in the applicable Final Terms as 
the manner in which the Rate of Interest is to be determined, the Rate of 
Interest for each Interest Period will be the relevant ISDA Rate plus or 
minus (as indicated in the applicable Final Terms) the Margin (if any). For 
the purposes of this subparagraph (i), ISDA Rate for an Interest Period 
means a rate equal to the Floating Rate that would be determined by the 
Principal Paying Agent under an interest rate swap transaction if the 
Principal Paying Agent were acting as Calculation Agent for that swap 
transaction under the terms of an agreement incorporating the 2006 ISDA 
Definitions, as published by the International Swaps and Derivatives 
Association, Inc. and as amended and updated as at the Issue Date of 
the first Tranche of the Notes (the “ISDA Definitions”) and under which: 
(A) 
the Floating Rate Option is as specified in the applicable Final 
Terms; 
(B) 
the Designated Maturity is a period specified in the applicable 
Final Terms; and 
(C) 
the relevant Reset Date is the day specified in the applicable 
Final Terms. 
For the purposes of this subparagraph (i), “Floating Rate”, “Calculation 
Agent”, “Floating Rate Option”, “Designated Maturity” and “Reset 
Date” have the meanings given to those terms in the ISDA Definitions. 
Unless otherwise stated in the applicable Final Terms, the Minimum Rate 
of Interest shall be deemed to be zero. 
(ii) 
Screen Rate Determination for Floating Rate Notes 
(A) 
Where Screen Rate Determination is specified in the applicable 
Final Terms as the manner in which the Rate of Interest is to be 
determined, the Rate of Interest for each Interest Period will, 
subject as provided below, be either: 
(1) 
the offered quotation; or 
(2) 
the arithmetic mean (rounded if necessary to the fifth 
decimal place, with 0.000005 being rounded upwards) of 
the offered quotations, 
(expressed as a percentage rate per annum) for the Reference Rate 
(being EURIBOR) which appears or appear, as the case may be, on the 
Relevant Screen Page (or such replacement page on that service which 
displays such information) as at 11.00 a.m. (Brussels time) on the Interest 
Determination Date in question plus or minus (as specified in the 
applicable Final Terms) the Margin (if any), all as determined by the

--- Page 84 ---
84 
 
Principal Paying Agent. If five or more of such offered quotations are 
available on the Relevant Screen Page, the highest (or, if there is more 
than one such highest quotation, one only of such quotations) and the 
lowest (or, if there is more than one such lowest quotation, one only of 
such quotations) shall be disregarded by the Principal Paying Agent for 
the purpose of determining the arithmetic mean (rounded as provided 
above) of such offered quotations. 
The Agency Agreement contains provisions for determining the Rate of 
Interest in the event that the Relevant Screen Page is not available or if, 
in the case of (1) above, no such offered quotation appears or, in the case 
of (2) above, fewer than three such offered quotations appear, in each 
case as at the time specified in the preceding paragraph.  
For this purpose: 
“EURIBOR” means the Euro-zone inter-bank offered rates. 
(A) 
Reference Rate Replacement: 
If: 
(1) 
Screen Rate Determination is specified in the applicable 
Final Terms as the manner in which the Rate of Interest 
is to be determined; and 
(2) 
the Issuer determines (in consultation with the Principal 
Paying Agent, the Calculation Agent and/or the 
Determination Agent, as applicable) that a Benchmark 
Event (as defined below) has occurred when any Rate of 
Interest (or relevant component part thereof) remains to 
be determined by reference to EURIBOR, then the 
following provisions shall apply to the relevant Notes: 
(a) 
the Issuer shall, as soon as is reasonably 
practicable, use all reasonable efforts to appoint 
an Independent Adviser to determine (in each 
case in consultation with the Issuer) a Successor 
Rate, failing which an Alternative Reference 
Rate and in either case, an Adjustment Spread 
(if any) (each as defined and as further described 
below) (in any such case, acting in good faith 
and in a commercially reasonable manner) for 
the purposes of determining the Rate of Interest 
applicable to the Notes for all future Interest 
Periods (subject to the subsequent operation of 
this sub-paragraph (B)(2) during any other future 
Interest Period(s)). 
(b) 
Subject to sub-paragraph (B)(2)(c), if:

--- Page 85 ---
85 
 
(i) 
the Independent Adviser acting in good 
faith and in a commercially reasonable 
manner (in consultation with the Issuer), 
no later than five Business Days prior to 
the Interest Determination Date relating 
to the next succeeding Interest Period 
(the “IA Determination Cut-off Date”), 
determines that: 
(1) there is a Successor Rate, then such 
Successor Rate (as adjusted by the 
applicable Adjustment Spread) shall 
subsequently be used in place of the 
Original Reference Rate to determine 
the Rate of Interest (or the relevant 
component part thereof) for all future 
payments of interest on the Notes 
(subject to the subsequent operation of 
this sub-paragraph (B)(2) during any 
other future Interest Period(s)); or 
(2) there is no Successor Rate but that 
there is an Alternative Reference Rate, 
then such Alternative Reference Rate 
(as 
adjusted 
by 
the 
applicable 
Adjustment Spread) shall subsequently 
be used in place of the Original 
Reference Rate to determine the Rate of 
Interest (or the relevant component part 
thereof) for all future payments of 
interest on the Notes (subject to the 
subsequent operation of this sub-
paragraph (B)(2) during any other future 
Interest Period(s)); or 
(ii) 
the Issuer is unable to appoint an 
Independent 
Adviser, 
or 
if 
the 
Independent Adviser appointed by the 
Issuer 
in 
accordance 
with 
sub-
paragraph (B)(2)(a) fails to determine a 
Successor Rate or, failing which, an 
Alternative Reference Rate and in either 
case, an Adjustment Spread (if any) 
prior to the relevant IA Determination 
Cut-off Date, the Issuer (acting in good 
faith and in a commercially reasonable 
manner), no later than three Business 
Days prior to the Interest Determination 
Date relating to the next Interest Period 
(the “Issuer Determination Cut-off

--- Page 86 ---
86 
 
Date”), determines a Successor Rate or, 
failing which, an Alternative Reference 
Rate and in either case, an Adjustment 
Spread (if any) for the purposes of 
determining 
the 
Rate 
of 
Interest 
applicable to the Notes for all future 
Interest 
Periods 
(subject 
to 
the 
subsequent operation of this sub-
paragraph (B)(2) during any other future 
Interest Period(s)),  
then:  
(A) 
such Successor Rate or Alternative 
Reference Rate shall be the Reference 
Rate for all future Interest Periods 
(subject to the subsequent operation of 
this sub-paragraph (B)(2) during any 
other future Interest Period(s)). 
Without prejudice to the definition 
thereof, for the purposes of determining 
an Alternative Reference Rate, the 
Independent Adviser or the Issuer (as 
applicable) 
will 
take 
into 
account 
relevant 
and 
applicable 
market 
precedents, as well as any published 
guidance from relevant associations 
involved in the establishment of market 
standards and/or protocols in the 
international debt capital markets and 
such other materials as the Independent 
Adviser or the Issuer (as applicable), in 
its 
sole 
discretion, 
considers 
appropriate; and 
(B) 
such Adjustment Spread (which may be 
expressed as a specified quantum or a 
formula or methodology for determining 
the applicable Adjustment Spread (and, 
for 
the 
avoidance 
of 
doubt, 
an 
Adjustment Spread may be positive, 
negative or zero)) shall be applied to 
such Successor Rate or Alternative 
Reference Rate (as the case may be) for 
all future Interest Periods (subject to the 
subsequent operation of this sub-
paragraph (B)(2)). Without prejudice to 
the definition thereof, for the purposes of 
determining an Adjustment Spread, the

--- Page 87 ---
87 
 
Independent Adviser or the Issuer (as 
applicable) 
will 
take 
into 
account 
relevant 
and 
applicable 
market 
precedents, as well as any published 
guidance from relevant associations 
involved in the establishment of market 
standards and/or protocols in the 
international debt capital markets and 
such other materials as the Independent 
Adviser or the Issuer, in its sole 
discretion (as applicable), considers 
appropriate. 
(c) 
Notwithstanding 
the 
sub-paragraphs 
of 
Condition 6.2(b)(ii) above, if:  
(i) 
the Independent Adviser appointed by 
the Issuer in accordance with sub-
paragraph (B)(2)(a) notifies the Issuer 
prior to the IA Determination Cut-off Date 
that it has determined that no Successor 
Rate or Alternative Reference Rate 
exists;  
(ii) 
the Independent Adviser appointed by 
the Issuer in accordance with sub-
paragraph (B)(2)(a) fails to determine a 
Successor Rate or, failing which, an 
Alternative Reference Rate prior to the 
relevant IA Determination Cut-off Date, 
without 
notifying 
the 
Issuer 
as 
contemplated 
in 
sub-paragraph 
(B)(2)(b)(i), and the Issuer (acting in 
good faith and in a commercially 
reasonable manner) determines prior to 
the Issuer Determination Cut-off Date 
that no Successor Rate or Alternative 
Reference Rate exists; or    
(iii) 
no 
Successor Rate or Alternative 
Reference 
Rate 
and/or 
applicable 
Adjustment 
Spread 
is 
otherwise 
determined in accordance with sub-
paragraph (B)(2)(b) prior to the Issuer 
Determination Cut-off Date, 
the relevant Rate of Interest shall be determined 
as at the last preceding Interest Determination 
Date (though substituting, where a different 
Margin is to be applied to the relevant Interest

--- Page 88 ---
88 
 
Period from that which applied to the last 
preceding Interest Period, the Margin relating to 
the relevant Interest Period in place of the 
Margin relating to that last preceding Interest 
Period). 
This sub-paragraph (B)(2)(c) shall apply to the relevant 
Interest Period only.  Any subsequent Interest Period(s) 
shall be subject to the operation of this sub-paragraph 
(B)(2). 
(d) 
Promptly following the determination of any Successor 
Rate or Alternative Reference Rate as described in this 
sub-paragraph (B)(2), the Issuer shall give notice 
thereof and of any Adjustment Spread (and the effective 
date(s) thereof) and any Floating Rate Calculation 
Changes (defined below) to the Trustee, any Guarantor 
(where applicable), the Principal Paying Agent, any 
Calculation Agent, any Determination Agent and, in 
accordance 
with 
Condition 
15 
(Notices), 
the 
Noteholders, provided that failure to provide such notice 
will have no impact on the effectiveness of, or otherwise 
invalidate, any such determination. 
(e) 
The Trustee and the Principal Paying Agent shall, at the 
direction of the Issuer (following consultation with each 
Guarantor (where applicable)), the Principal Paying 
Agent, the Calculation Agent and/or the Determination 
Agent, as applicable), effect such waivers and 
consequential 
amendments 
(the 
“Floating 
Rate 
Calculation Changes”) to the Trust Deed, the Agency 
Agreement, these Terms and Conditions and any other 
document as may be required to give effect to any 
application of this sub-paragraph (B)(2), including, but 
not limited to:  
(i) 
changes to these Terms and Conditions which 
the Independent Adviser (in consultation with the 
Issuer) or the Issuer (as applicable) determines 
may be required in order to follow market 
practice (determined according to factors 
including, but not limited to, public statements, 
opinions and publications of industry bodies and 
organisations) in relation to such Successor 
Rate, Alternative Reference Rate and/or (in 
either case) Adjustment Spread, including, but 
not limited to (A) the relevant Business 
Centre(s), 
Business 
Day, 
Business 
Day 
Convention, Day Count Fraction, and/or Interest 
Determination Date applicable to the Notes and

--- Page 89 ---
89 
 
(B) the method for determining the fallback to the 
Rate of Interest in relation to the Notes if such 
Successor Rate or Alternative Reference Rate is 
not available; and 
(ii) 
any other changes which the Independent 
Adviser (in consultation with the Issuer) or the 
Issuer 
(as 
applicable) 
determines 
are 
reasonably necessary to ensure the proper 
operation and comparability to the relevant 
Reference Rate of such Successor Rate or 
Alternative Reference Rate. 
Prior to any Floating Rate Calculation Changes taking 
effect, the Issuer shall provide a certificate signed by two 
authorised signatories of the Issuer to the Trustee, the 
Principal Paying Agent and, where applicable, the 
Calculation Agent or the Determination Agent, which (i) 
provides details of the Floating Rate Calculation 
Changes and (ii) certifies that the Floating Rate 
Calculation Changes are required to give effect to any 
application of this sub-paragraph (B)(2), and the Trustee, 
the Principal Paying Agent and, where applicable, the 
Calculation Agent or the Determination Agent shall be 
entitled to rely on such certificate without further enquiry 
or liability to any person. For the avoidance of doubt, the 
Trustee shall not be liable to the Noteholders or any other 
person for so acting or relying, irrespective of whether 
any such modification is or may be materially prejudicial 
to the interests of any such person. Such changes shall 
apply to the Notes for all future Interest Periods (subject 
to the subsequent operation of this sub-paragraph 
(B)(2)). 
The Trustee shall not be obliged to agree to any Floating 
Rate Calculation Changes if in the sole opinion of the 
Trustee doing so would impose more onerous 
obligations upon it or expose it to any additional duties, 
responsibilities or liabilities or reduce rights and/or the 
protective provisions afforded to the Trustee in these 
Terms and Conditions or the Trust Deed. 
No consent of the Noteholders shall be required in 
connection with effecting the relevant Successor Rate or 
Alternative Reference Rate as described in this sub-
paragraph (B)(2) or such other relevant adjustments 
pursuant to this sub-paragraph (B)(2), or any Adjustment 
Spread, including for the execution of, or amendment to, 
any documents or the taking of other steps by the Issuer

--- Page 90 ---
90 
 
or any of the parties to the Trust Deed and/or the Agency 
Agreement (if required). 
(f) 
For the purposes of this sub-paragraph (B)(2): 
“Adjustment Spread” means a spread (which may be 
positive, negative or zero) or formula or methodology for 
calculating a spread, which is required to be applied to 
the Successor Rate or the Alternative Reference Rate 
and is the spread, formula or methodology which: 
(a) 
is formally recommended in relation to the 
replacement of the Reference Rate specified in 
the applicable Final Terms with such Successor 
Rate or Alternative Reference Rate by any 
Relevant Nominating Body; or, 
(b) 
if no such formal recommendation has been 
made, the Independent Adviser (in consultation 
with the Issuer) or, failing which, the Issuer, 
determines is recognised or acknowledged as 
being in customary market usage in international 
debt 
capital 
markets 
transactions 
which 
reference the relevant Reference Rate, where 
such rate has been replaced by the Successor 
Rate or the Alternative Reference Rate (as the 
case may be); or 
(c) 
if neither (a) nor (b) above applies, the 
Independent Adviser in its discretion (in 
consultation with the Issuer), or failing which, the 
Issuer in its discretion, determines (acting in 
good faith and in a commercially reasonable 
manner) to be appropriate in order to reduce or 
eliminate, to the extent reasonably practicable in 
the circumstances, any economic prejudice or 
benefit (as applicable) to Noteholders as a result 
of the replacement of the relevant Reference 
Rate with such Successor Rate or Alternative 
Reference Rate (as applicable); 
“Alternative Reference Rate” means the rate that has 
replaced the relevant Reference Rate in customary 
market usage in the international debt capital markets for 
the purposes of determining floating rates of interest (or 
the relevant component part thereof) in respect of notes 
denominated in the Specified Currency and with an 
interest period of a comparable duration to the relevant 
Interest Periods, or, if the Independent Adviser (in 
consultation with the Issuer) or, failing which, the Issuer

--- Page 91 ---
91 
 
(in consultation with the Principal Paying Agent, the 
Calculation Agent and/or the Determination Agent, as 
applicable, and acting in good faith and a commercially 
reasonable manner) determines that there is no such 
rate, such other rate as the Independent Adviser (in 
consultation with the Issuer) or, failing which, the Issuer 
(in consultation with the Principal Paying Agent, the 
Calculation Agent and/or the Determination Agent, as 
applicable, and acting in good faith and in a commercially 
reasonable manner) determines in the Independent 
Advisor’s or the Issuer’s sole discretion is most 
comparable to the relevant Reference Rate;  
“Benchmark Event” means: 
(i) 
the relevant Original Reference Rate has ceased 
to be published for at least five Business Days 
on the Relevant Screen Page as a result of such 
benchmark 
ceasing 
to 
be 
calculated 
or 
administered; or 
(ii) 
a public statement by the administrator of the 
relevant Original Reference Rate that it will, by a 
specified date within the following 6 months, 
cease publishing such Original Reference Rate 
permanently or indefinitely (in circumstances 
where no successor administrator has been 
appointed that will continue publication of such 
Original Reference Rate); or 
(iii) 
a public statement by the supervisor of the 
administrator of the relevant Original Reference 
Rate that such Original Reference Rate has 
been or will be, by a specified date within the 
following 6 months, permanently or indefinitely 
discontinued; or 
(iv) 
a public statement by the supervisor of the 
administrator of the relevant Original Reference 
Rate that means that such Original Reference 
Rate will be prohibited from being used or that its 
use will be subject to restrictions or adverse 
consequences, in each case by a specified date 
within the following 6 months; or 
(v) 
a public statement by the supervisor of the 
administrator of the relevant Original Reference 
Rate announcing that such Original Reference 
Rate is no longer representative or may no 
longer be used; or

--- Page 92 ---
92 
 
(vi) 
it has or will on or prior to a specified date within 
the following 6 months become unlawful for the 
Principal Paying Agent or the Issuer to calculate 
any payments due to be made to any Noteholder 
using the relevant Original Reference Rate 
(including, 
without 
limitation, 
under 
the 
Benchmarks Regulation, if applicable). 
“Independent Adviser” means an independent financial 
institution of international repute or other independent 
financial adviser experienced in the international debt 
capital markets, in each case appointed by the Issuer at 
the Issuer’s expense; and 
“Original Reference Rate” means the Reference Rate 
originally specified for the purpose of determining the 
relevant Rate of Interest (or any relevant component 
part(s) thereof) applicable to the Notes (or, if applicable, 
any Successor Rate or Alternative Reference Rate (or 
component part thereof)) determined and applicable to 
the Notes pursuant to the earlier operation of Condition 
6.2(b). 
“Relevant Nominating Body” means, in respect of the 
Reference Rate specified in the applicable Final Terms: 
(i) 
the central bank for the currency to which such 
Reference Rate relates, or any central bank or 
other supervisory authority which is responsible 
for supervising the administrator of such 
Reference Rate; or 
(ii) 
any working group or committee sponsored by, 
chaired or co-chaired by or constituted at the 
request of (a) the central bank for the currency 
to which such Reference Rate relates, (b) any 
central bank or other supervisory authority which 
is responsible for supervising the administrator 
of such Reference Rate, (c) a group of the 
aforementioned 
central 
banks 
or 
other 
supervisory authorities, or (d) the Financial 
Stability Board or any part thereof. 
“Successor Rate” means a successor to or replacement 
of the Original Reference Rate, which is formally 
recommended by any Relevant Nominating Body. 
(a) 
Minimum Rate of Interest and/or Maximum Rate of Interest

--- Page 93 ---
93 
 
If the applicable Final Terms specifies a Minimum Rate of Interest for any Interest 
Period, then, in the event that the Rate of Interest in respect of such Interest 
Period determined in accordance with the provisions of paragraph (b) above is 
less than such Minimum Rate of Interest, the Rate of Interest for such Interest 
Period shall be such Minimum Rate of Interest. 
If the applicable Final Terms specifies a Maximum Rate of Interest for any Interest 
Period, then, in the event that the Rate of Interest in respect of such Interest 
Period determined in accordance with the provisions of paragraph (b) above is 
greater than such Maximum Rate of Interest, the Rate of Interest for such Interest 
Period shall be such Maximum Rate of Interest. 
(b) 
Determination of Rate of Interest and calculation of Interest Amounts 
The Principal Paying Agent will, at or as soon as practicable after each time at 
which the Rate of Interest is to be determined, determine the Rate of Interest for 
the relevant Interest Period. 
The Principal Paying Agent will calculate the amount of interest (the Interest 
Amount) payable on the Floating Rate Notes for the relevant Interest Period by 
applying the Rate of Interest to: 
(A) 
in the case of Floating Rate Notes which are represented by a Global 
Note, the aggregate outstanding nominal amount of the Notes 
represented by such Global Note (or, if they are Partly Paid Notes, the 
aggregate amount paid up); or 
(B) 
in the case of Floating Rate Notes in definitive form, the Calculation 
Amount, 
and, in each case, multiplying such sum by the applicable Day Count Fraction, 
and rounding the resultant figure to the nearest sub-unit of the relevant Specified 
Currency, half of any such sub-unit being rounded upwards or otherwise in 
accordance with applicable market convention. Where the Specified 
Denomination of a Floating Rate Note in definitive form is a multiple of the 
Calculation Amount, the Interest Amount payable in respect of such Note shall be 
the product of the amount (determined in the manner provided above) for the 
Calculation Amount and the amount by which the Calculation Amount is multiplied 
to reach the Specified Denomination, without any further rounding. 
“Day Count Fraction” means, in respect of the calculation of an amount of interest in 
accordance with this Condition 6.2 (Interest on Floating Rate Notes): 
(i) 
if “Actual/Actual (ISDA)” or “Actual/Actual” is specified in the applicable Final 
Terms, the actual number of days in the Interest Period divided by 365 (or, if any 
portion of that Interest Period falls in a leap year, the sum of (I) the actual number 
of days in that portion of the Interest Period falling in a leap year divided by 366 
and (II) the actual number of days in that portion of the Interest Period falling in a 
non-leap year divided by 365);

--- Page 94 ---
94 
 
(ii) 
if “Actual/365 (Fixed)” is specified in the applicable Final Terms, the actual 
number of days in the Interest Period divided by 365; 
(iii) 
if “Actual/365 (Sterling)” is specified in the applicable Final Terms, the actual 
number of days in the Interest Period divided by 365 or, in the case of an Interest 
Payment Date falling in a leap year, 366; 
(iv) 
if “Actual/360” is specified in the applicable Final Terms, the actual number of 
days in the Interest Period divided by 360; 
(v) 
if “30/360”, “360/360” or “Bond Basis” is specified in the applicable Final Terms, 
the number of days in the Interest Period divided by 360, calculated on a formula 
basis as follows: 
 
[360 × (𝑌ଶ
𝑌ଵ)] + [30 × (𝑀ଶ
𝑀ଵ)] + (𝐷ଶ
𝐷ଵ)
Day Count Fraction = 
360 
where: 
“𝑌ଵ” is the year, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the Interest Period 
falls; 
“𝑌ଶ” is the year, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately following 
the last day of the Interest Period falls; 
“𝑀ଵ” is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the 
Interest Period falls; 
“𝑀ଶ” is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately 
following the last day of the Interest Period falls; 
“𝐷ଵ ” is the first calendar day, expressed as a number, of the Interest Period, 
unless such number is 31, in which case 𝐷ଵwill be 30; and 
“𝐷ଶ” is the calendar day, expressed as a number, immediately following the last 
day included in the Interest Period, unless such number would be 31 and 𝐷ଵis 
greater than 29, in which case 𝐷ଶwill be 30; 
(vi) 
if “30E/360” or “Eurobond Basis” is specified in the applicable Final Terms, the 
number of days in the Interest Period divided by 360, calculated on a formula 
basis as follows: 
 
[360 × (𝑌ଶ
𝑌ଵ)] + [30 × (𝑀ଶ
𝑀ଵ)] + (𝐷ଶ
𝐷ଵ)
Day Count Fraction = 
360 
where: 
“𝑌ଵ” is the year, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the Interest Period 
falls;

--- Page 95 ---
95 
 
“𝑌ଶ” is the year, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately following 
the last day of the Interest Period falls; 
“𝑀ଵ” is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the 
Interest Period falls; 
“𝑀ଶ” is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately 
following the last day of the Interest Period falls; 
“𝐷ଵ ” is the first calendar day, expressed as a number, of the Interest Period, 
unless such number would be 31, in which case D1 will be 30; and 
“𝐷ଶ” is the calendar day, expressed as a number, immediately following the last 
day included in the Interest Period, unless such number would be 31, in which 
case D2 will be 30; 
(vii) 
if “30E/360 (ISDA)” is specified in the applicable Final Terms, the number of days 
in the Interest Period divided by 360, calculated on a formula basis as follows: 
 
[360 × (𝑌ଶ
𝑌ଵ)] + [30 × (𝑀ଶ
𝑀ଵ)] + (𝐷ଶ
𝐷ଵ)
Day Count Fraction = 
360 
where: 
“𝑌ଵ” is the year, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the Interest Period 
falls; 
“𝑌ଶ” is the year, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately following 
the last day of the Interest Period falls; 
“𝑀ଵ” is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the 
Interest Period falls; 
“𝑀ଶ” is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately 
following the last day of the Interest Period falls; 
“𝐷ଵ ” is the first calendar day, expressed as a number, of the Interest Period, 
unless (i) that day is the last day of February or (ii) such number would be 31, in 
which case D1 will be 30; and 
“𝐷ଶ” is the calendar day, expressed as a number, immediately following the last 
day included in the Interest Period, unless (i) that day is the last day of February 
but not the Maturity Date or (ii) such number would be 31, in which case D2 will 
be 30. 
(c) 
Linear Interpolation 
Where Linear Interpolation is specified as applicable in respect of an Interest 
Period in the applicable Final Terms, the Rate of Interest for such Interest Period

--- Page 96 ---
96 
 
shall be calculated by the Principal Paying Agent by straight line linear 
interpolation by reference to two rates based on the relevant Reference Rate 
(where Screen Rate Determination is specified as applicable in the applicable 
Final Terms) or the relevant Floating Rate Option (where ISDA Determination is 
specified as applicable in the applicable Final Terms), one of which shall be 
determined as if the Designated Maturity were the period of time for which rates 
are available next shorter than the length of the relevant Interest Period and the 
other of which shall be determined as if the Designated Maturity were the period 
of time for which rates are available next longer than the length of the relevant 
Interest Period, provided however that if there is no rate available for a period of 
time next shorter or, as the case may be, next longer, then the Principal Paying 
Agent shall determine such rate at such time and by reference to such sources 
as it determines appropriate. 
In this Condition, “Designated Maturity” means, in relation to Screen Rate 
Determination, the period of time designated in the Reference Rate and, in 
relation to ISDA Determination, as so specified in the applicable Final Terms. 
(d) 
Notification of Rate of Interest and Interest Amounts 
The Principal Paying Agent will cause the Rate of Interest and each Interest 
Amount for each Interest Period and the relevant Interest Payment Date to be 
notified to the Issuer, each Guarantor (where applicable), the Trustee, the 
Registrar (in the case of Registered Notes) and any stock exchange on which the 
relevant Floating Rate Notes are for the time being listed (by no later than the first 
day of each Interest Period) and notice thereof to be published in accordance 
with Condition 15 (Notices) as soon as possible after their determination but in 
no event later than the fourth London Business Day thereafter. Each Interest 
Amount and Interest Payment Date so notified may subsequently be amended 
(or appropriate alternative arrangements made by way of adjustment) without 
prior notice in the event of an extension or shortening of the Interest Period. Any 
such amendment will promptly be notified to the Issuer, each Guarantor (where 
applicable), the Trustee, the Registrar in the case of Registered Notes and each 
stock exchange on which the relevant Floating Rate Notes are for the time being 
listed and to the Noteholders in accordance with Condition 15 (Notices). For the 
purposes of this paragraph, the expression “London Business Day” means a 
day (other than a Saturday or a Sunday) on which banks and foreign exchange 
markets are open for general business in London. 
(e) 
Certificates to be final 
All 
certificates, 
communications, 
opinions, 
determinations, 
calculations, 
quotations and decisions given, expressed, made or obtained for the purposes of 
the provisions of this Condition 6.2 (Interest on Floating Rate Notes) by the 
Principal Paying Agent shall (in the absence of wilful default, bad faith or manifest 
error) be binding on the Issuer, each Guarantor (where applicable), the Trustee, 
the Principal Paying Agent, the other Paying Agents, the Registrar and all 
Noteholders and Couponholders and (in the absence of wilful default or bad faith) 
no liability to the Issuer, any Guarantor (where applicable), the Noteholders or the 
Couponholders shall attach to the Principal Paying Agent or the Trustee in

--- Page 97 ---
97 
 
connection with the exercise or non-exercise by it of its powers, duties and 
discretions pursuant to such provisions. 
6.3 
Accrual of interest 
Each Note (or in the case of the redemption of part only of a Note, that part only of such 
Note) will cease to bear interest (if any) from the date for its redemption unless payment 
of principal is improperly withheld or refused. In such event, interest will continue to 
accrue until whichever is the earlier of: 
(a) 
the date on which all amounts due in respect of such Note have been paid; and 
(b) 
five days after the date on which the full amount of the moneys payable in respect 
of such Note has been received by the Principal Paying Agent and notice to that 
effect has been given to the Noteholders in accordance with Condition 15 
(Notices), except to the extent that there is default in the subsequent payment 
thereof in accordance with the Conditions to the Noteholders or Couponholders 
(as the case may be). 
6.4 
Adjustment of Rate of Interest for Fixed Rate Notes and Floating Rate Notes 
If a Step Up Rating Change and/or Step Down Rating Change is specified as being 
applicable in the applicable Final Terms, the following terms relating to the Rate of Interest 
for the Notes shall apply: 
(a) 
The Rate of Interest payable on the Notes will be subject to adjustment from time 
to time in the event of a Step Up Rating Change and/or a Step Down Rating 
Change, as the case may be. 
(b) 
Subject to Condition 6.4(d) and 6.4(h) below, from and including the first Interest 
Payment Date following the date of a Step Up Rating Change, the Rate of Interest 
(in the case of Fixed Rate Notes) or the Margin (in the case of Floating Rate 
Notes) payable on the Notes shall be increased by the Step Up Margin. 
(c) 
Subject to Condition 6.4(d) and 6.4(h) below, in the event of a Step Down Rating 
Change following a Step Up Rating Change, with effect from and including the 
first Interest Payment Date following the date of such Step Down Rating Change, 
the Rate of Interest (in the case of Fixed Rate Notes) or the Margin (in the case 
of Floating Rate Notes) payable on the Notes shall be decreased by the Step Up 
Margin back to the initial Rate of Interest (in the case of Fixed Rate Notes) or the 
initial Margin (in the case of Floating Rate Notes). 
(d) 
If a Step Up Rating Change and, subsequently, a Step Down Rating Change 
occur during the same Fixed Interest Period (in the case of Fixed Rate Notes) or 
the same Interest Period (in the case of Floating Rate Notes), the Rate of Interest 
(in the case of Fixed Rate Notes) or the Margin (in the case of Floating Rate 
Notes) on the Notes shall be neither increased nor decreased as a result of either 
such event.

--- Page 98 ---
98 
 
(e) 
The Issuer (in the case of Notes issued by DS Smith Plc) or the Group Guarantor 
(in the case of Notes issued by DS Smith Ireland Treasury Designated Activity 
Company) shall use all reasonable efforts to maintain credit ratings for its senior 
unsecured long-term debt from S&P and, if an additional Rating Agency is 
appointed to rate its senior unsecured long-term debt by or with the consent of 
the Issuer or the Group Guarantor (as applicable), such additional Rating Agency. 
If, notwithstanding such reasonable efforts, any Rating Agency fails or ceases to 
assign a credit rating to its senior unsecured long-term debt, the Issuer or the 
Group Guarantor (as applicable) shall use all reasonable efforts to obtain a credit 
rating of its senior unsecured long-term debt from a Substitute Rating Agency 
approved (other than in the case of Moody’s or Fitch) by the Trustee (such 
approval not to be unreasonably withheld or delayed), and references herein to 
such Rating Agency or the credit ratings thereof, shall be to such Substitute 
Rating Agency or, as the case may be, the equivalent credit ratings thereof as 
specified in or determined in accordance with the remainder of this Condition 6.4. 
(f) 
The Issuer will cause the occurrence of a Step Up Rating Change or a Step Down 
Rating Change giving rise to an adjustment to the Rate of Interest payable on the 
Notes pursuant to this Condition 6.4 to be notified to the Trustee and the Principal 
Paying Agent and notice thereof to be published in accordance with Condition 15 
(Notices) as soon as reasonably practicable after the occurrence of such Step Up 
Rating Change or Step Down Rating Change, but in no event later than the fifth 
London Business Day thereafter. 
(g) 
If the rating designations employed by any Rating Agency are changed from 
those which are described in this Condition or if a rating is procured from a 
Substitute Rating Agency other than Moody’s or Fitch, the Issuer shall determine, 
with the prior approval of the Trustee (not to be unreasonably withheld or 
delayed), the rating designations of such Substitute Rating Agency as are most 
equivalent to the prior rating designations of the existing Rating Agency (or Rating 
Agencies, as the case may be). 
(h) 
Notwithstanding any other provision contained herein, there shall be no limit on 
the number of times that the Rate of Interest may be adjusted pursuant hereto 
during the term of the Notes provided that at no time during the term of the Notes 
will the Rate of Interest be (i) less than the initial Rate of Interest or (ii) more than 
the initial Rate of Interest plus the Step Up Margin specified hereon. 
Where: 
“Rating Agency”, “Fitch”, “Moody’s”, “S&P” and “Substitute Rating 
Agency” have the meanings given to such terms in Condition 8.6 (Redemption 
at the option of the Noteholders upon a change of control (Change of Control 
Put)); 
“Step Down Rating Change” means the first public announcement by S&P and, 
if applicable, each other Rating Agency appointed by or with the consent of DS 
Smith Plc, after a Step Up Rating Change, that the credit rating of DS Smith Plc’s 
senior unsecured long-term debt is at least BBB- in the case of S&P and, if 
applicable, at least Baa3 in the case of Moody’s and at least BBB- in the case of

--- Page 99 ---
99 
 
Fitch. For the avoidance of doubt, any further increase in the credit rating of DS 
Smith Plc’s senior unsecured long-term debt above BBB- in the case of S&P and, 
if applicable, at least Baa3 in the case of Moody’s and at least BBB- in the case 
of Fitch shall not constitute a further Step Down Rating Change; 
“Step Up Margin” means the rate per annum specified in the applicable Final 
Terms; and 
“Step Up Rating Change” means the first public announcement by S&P or, if 
applicable, any other Rating Agency appointed by or with the consent of DS Smith 
Plc of a decrease in the credit rating of DS Smith Plc’s senior unsecured long-
term debt to below BBB- in the case of S&P or, if applicable, below Baa3 in the 
case of Moody’s or below BBB- in the case of Fitch. For the avoidance of doubt, 
any further decrease in the credit rating of DS Smith Plc’s senior unsecured long-
term debt below BBB- in the case of S&P or, if applicable, below Baa3 in the case 
of Moody’s or below BBB- in the case of Fitch shall not constitute a further Step 
Up Rating Change. 
7. 
PAYMENTS 
7.1 
Method of payment 
Subject as provided below: 
(a) 
payments in a Specified Currency other than euro will be made by credit or 
transfer to an account in the relevant Specified Currency maintained by the payee 
with, or, at the option of the payee, by a cheque in such Specified Currency drawn 
on, a bank in the principal financial centre of the country of such Specified 
Currency (which, if the Specified Currency is Australian dollars or New Zealand 
dollars, shall be Sydney and Auckland, respectively); and 
(b) 
payments in euro will be made by credit or transfer to a euro account (or any 
other account to which euro may be credited or transferred) specified by the 
payee or, at the option of the payee, by a euro cheque. 
Payments will be subject in all cases to (i) any fiscal or other laws and regulations 
applicable thereto in the place of payment, but without prejudice to the provisions of 
Condition 9 (Taxation) and (ii) any withholding or deduction required pursuant to an 
agreement described in Section 1471(b) of the U.S. Internal Revenue Code of 1986 (the 
“Code”) or otherwise imposed pursuant to Sections 1471 through 1474 of the Code, any 
regulations or agreements thereunder, any official interpretations thereof, or any law 
implementing an intergovernmental approach thereto. 
7.2 
Presentation of Definitive Bearer Notes and Coupons 
Payments of principal in respect of Definitive Bearer Notes will (subject as provided 
below) be made in the manner provided in Condition 7.1 (Method of payment) above only 
against presentation and surrender (or, in the case of part payment of any sum due, 
endorsement) of Definitive Bearer Notes, and payments of interest in respect of Definitive 
Bearer Notes will (subject as provided below) be made as aforesaid only against

--- Page 100 ---
100 
 
presentation and surrender (or, in the case of part payment of any sum due, endorsement) 
of Coupons, in each case at the specified office of any Paying Agent outside the United 
States (which expression, as used herein, means the United States of America (including 
the States and the District of Columbia and its possessions)). 
Fixed Rate Notes which are Definitive Bearer Notes (other than Fixed Rate Notes in 
respect of which Condition 6.4 (Adjustment of Rate of Interest for Fixed Rate Notes and 
Floating Rate Notes) applies and Long Maturity Notes (as defined below) as provided in 
the circumstances in the following paragraphs of this Condition 7.2) should be presented 
for payment together with all unmatured Coupons appertaining thereto (which expression 
shall for this purpose include Coupons falling to be issued on exchange of matured 
Talons), failing which the amount of any missing unmatured Coupon (or, in the case of 
payment not being made in full, the same proportion of the amount of such missing 
unmatured Coupon as the sum so paid bears to the sum due) will be deducted from the 
sum due for payment. Each amount of principal so deducted will be paid in the manner 
mentioned above against surrender of the relative missing Coupon at any time before the 
expiry of 10 years after the Relevant Date (as defined in Condition 9 (Taxation)) in respect 
of such principal (whether or not such Coupon would otherwise have become void under 
Condition 10 (Prescription)) or, if later, five years from the date on which such Coupon 
would otherwise have become due, but in no event thereafter. 
Upon any Fixed Rate Note which is a Definitive Bearer Note becoming due and repayable 
prior to its Maturity Date, all unmatured Talons (if any) appertaining thereto will become 
void and no further Coupons will be issued in respect thereof. 
Upon the date on which any Fixed Rate Note in respect of which Condition 6.4 
(Adjustment of Rate of Interest for Fixed Rate Notes and Floating Rate Notes) applies, 
Floating Rate Note or Long Maturity Note which is a Definitive Bearer Note becomes due 
and repayable, unmatured Coupons and Talons (if any) relating thereto (whether or not 
attached) shall become void and no payment or, as the case may be, exchange for further 
Coupons shall be made in respect thereof. A “Long Maturity Note” is a Fixed Rate Note 
(other than a Fixed Rate Note which on issue had a Talon attached) whose nominal 
amount on issue is less than the aggregate interest payable thereon, provided that such 
Note shall cease to be a Long Maturity Note on the Interest Payment Date on which the 
aggregate amount of interest remaining to be paid after that date is less than the nominal 
amount of such Note. 
If the due date for redemption of any Definitive Bearer Note is not an Interest Payment 
Date, interest (if any) accrued in respect of such Definitive Bearer Note from (and 
including) the preceding Interest Payment Date or, as the case may be, the Interest 
Commencement Date shall be payable only against surrender of the relevant Definitive 
Bearer Note. 
7.3 
Payments in respect of Bearer Notes in Global Form 
Payments of principal and interest (if any) in respect of Notes represented by any bearer 
Global Note will (subject as provided below) be made in the manner specified above in 
relation to Definitive Bearer Notes or otherwise in the manner specified in the relevant 
bearer Global Note, where applicable against presentation or surrender, as the case may 
be, of such bearer Global Note at the specified office of any Principal Paying Agent

--- Page 101 ---
101 
 
outside the United States. A record of each payment made, distinguishing between any 
payment of principal and any payment of interest, will be made either on such bearer 
Global Note by the Principal Paying Agent to which it was presented or in the records of 
Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg, as applicable. 
7.4 
Payments in respect of Registered Notes 
Payments of principal in respect of each Registered Note (whether or not in global form) 
will be made against presentation and surrender of the Registered Note at the specified 
office of the Registrar or any of the Paying Agents. Such payments will be made by 
transfer to the Designated Account (as defined below) of the holder (or the first named of 
joint holders) of the Registered Note appearing in the register of holders of the Registered 
Notes maintained by the Registrar (the “Register”) (i) where in global form, at the close 
of the business day (being for this purpose a day on which Euroclear and Clearstream, 
Luxembourg are open for business) before the relevant due date, and (ii) where in 
definitive form, at the close of business on the third business day (being for this purpose 
a day on which banks are open for business in the city where the specified office of the 
Registrar is located) before the relevant due date. Notwithstanding the previous sentence, 
if (i) a holder does not have a Designated Account or (ii) the nominal amount of the Notes 
held by a holder is less than U.S.$250,000 (or its approximate equivalent in any other 
Specified Currency), payment will instead be made by cheque in the Specified Currency 
drawn on a Designated Bank (as defined below). For these purposes, Designated 
Account means the account (which, in the case of a payment in Japanese Yen to a non-
resident of Japan, shall be a non- resident account) maintained by a holder with a 
Designated Bank and identified as such in the Register and “Designated Bank” means 
(in the case of payment in a Specified Currency other than euro) a bank in the principal 
financial centre of the country of such Specified Currency (which, if the Specified 
Currency is Australian dollars or New Zealand dollars, shall be Sydney and Auckland, 
respectively) and (in the case of a payment in euro) any bank which processes payments 
in euro. 
Payments of interest in respect of each Registered Note will be made by a cheque in the 
Specified Currency drawn on a Designated Bank and mailed by uninsured mail on the 
business day in the city where the specified office of the Registrar is located immediately 
preceding the relevant due date to the holder (or the first named of joint holders) of the 
Registered Note appearing in the Register (i) where in global form, at the close of the 
business day (being for this purpose a day on which Euroclear and Clearstream, 
Luxembourg are open for business) before the relevant due date, and (ii) where in 
definitive form, at the close of business on the fifteenth day (whether or not such fifteenth 
day is a business day) before the relevant due date (the “Record Date”) at his address 
shown in the Register on the Record Date and at his risk. 
Upon application of the holder to the specified office of the Registrar not less than three 
business days in the city where the specified office of the Registrar is located before the 
due date for any payment of interest in respect of a Registered Note, the payment may 
be made by transfer on the due date in the manner provided in the preceding paragraph. 
Any such application for transfer shall be deemed to relate to all future payments of 
interest (other than interest due on redemption) in respect of the Registered Notes which 
become payable to the holder who has made the initial application until such time as the 
Registrar is notified in writing to the contrary by such holder. Payment of the interest due

--- Page 102 ---
102 
 
in respect of each Registered Note on redemption will be made in the same manner as 
payment of the nominal amount of such Registered Note as set out in the first sentence 
of this Condition 7.4. 
Holders of Registered Notes will not be entitled to any interest or other payment for any 
delay in receiving any amount due in respect of any Registered Note as a result of a 
cheque posted in accordance with this Condition arriving after the due date for payment 
or being lost in the post. No commissions or expenses shall be charged to such holders 
by the Registrar in respect of any payments of principal or interest in respect of the 
Registered Notes. 
None of the Issuer, any Guarantor (where applicable) or the Agents will have any 
responsibility or liability for any aspect of the records relating to, or payments made on 
account of, beneficial ownership interests in the Registered Global Notes or for 
maintaining, supervising or reviewing any records relating to such beneficial ownership 
interests. 
7.5 
General provisions applicable to payments 
The holder of a Global Note shall be the only person entitled to receive payments in 
respect of Notes represented by such Global Note and the Issuer and any Guarantor 
(where applicable) will be discharged by payment to, or to the order of, the holder of such 
Global Note in respect of each amount so paid. Each of the persons shown in the records 
of Euroclear or Clearstream, Luxembourg as the beneficial holder of a particular nominal 
amount of Notes represented by such Global Note must look solely to Euroclear or 
Clearstream, Luxembourg, as the case may be, for his share of each payment so made 
by the Issuer or, as the case may be, a Guarantor to, or to the order of, the holder of such 
Global Note. 
Notwithstanding the foregoing provisions of this Condition, if any amount of principal 
and/or interest in respect of Bearer Notes is payable in U.S. dollars, such U.S. dollar 
payments of principal and/or interest in respect of such Bearer Notes will be made at the 
specified office of a Paying Agent in the United States if: 
(a) 
the Issuer has appointed Paying Agents with specified offices outside the United 
States with the reasonable expectation that such Paying Agents would be able to 
make payment in U.S. dollars at such specified offices outside the United States 
of the full amount of principal and interest on the Notes in the manner provided 
above when due; 
(b) 
payment of the full amount of such principal and interest at all such specified 
offices outside the United States is illegal or effectively precluded by exchange 
controls or other similar restrictions on the full payment or receipt of principal and 
interest in U.S. dollars; and 
(c) 
such payment is then permitted under United States law without involving, in the 
opinion of the Issuer, adverse tax consequences to the Issuer and, if applicable, 
any Guarantor.

--- Page 103 ---
103 
 
7.6 
Payment Day 
If the date for payment of any amount in respect of any Note or Coupon is not a Payment 
Day, the holder thereof shall not be entitled to payment until the next following Payment 
Day in the relevant place and shall not be entitled to further interest or other payment in 
respect of such delay. For these purposes, “Payment Day” means any day which (subject 
to Condition 10 (Prescription)) is: 
(a) 
a day on which commercial banks and foreign exchange markets settle payments 
and are open for general business (including dealing in foreign exchange and 
foreign currency deposits) in: 
(i) 
in the case of Notes in definitive form only, the relevant place of 
presentation; and 
(ii) 
each Additional Financial Centre specified in the applicable Final Terms; 
and 
(b) 
either (A) in relation to any sum payable in a Specified Currency other than euro, 
a day on which commercial banks and foreign exchange markets settle payments 
and are open for general business (including dealing in foreign exchange and 
foreign currency deposits) in the principal financial centre of the country of the 
relevant Specified Currency (which if the Specified Currency is Australian dollars 
or New Zealand dollars shall be Sydney and Auckland, respectively) or (B) in 
relation to any sum payable in euro, a day on which the TARGET2 System is 
open. 
7.7 
Interpretation of principal and interest 
Any reference in the Conditions to principal in respect of the Notes shall be deemed to 
include, as applicable: 
(a) 
any additional amounts which may be payable with respect to principal under 
Condition 9 (Taxation); 
(b) 
the Final Redemption Amount of the Notes; 
(c) 
the Early Redemption Amount of the Notes; 
(d) 
the Optional Redemption Amount(s) (if any) of the Notes; 
(e) 
in relation to Zero Coupon Notes, the Amortised Face Amount (as defined in 
Condition 8.7 (Early Redemption Amounts)); and 
(f) 
any premium and any other amounts (other than interest) which may be payable 
by the Issuer under or in respect of the Notes. 
Any reference in the Conditions to interest in respect of the Notes shall be deemed to 
include, as applicable, any additional amounts which may be payable with respect to 
interest under Condition 9 (Taxation).

--- Page 104 ---
104 
 
8. 
REDEMPTION AND PURCHASE 
8.1 
Redemption at maturity 
Unless previously redeemed or purchased and cancelled as specified below, each Note 
will be redeemed by the Issuer at its Final Redemption Amount specified in the applicable 
Final Terms in the relevant Specified Currency on the Maturity Date specified in the 
applicable Final Terms. 
8.2 
Redemption for tax reasons 
Notes may be redeemed at the option of the Issuer in whole, but not in part, at any time 
(if this Note is not a Floating Rate Note) or on any Interest Payment Date (if this Note is 
a Floating Rate Note), on giving not less than the minimum period and not more than the 
maximum period of notice specified in the applicable Final Terms to the Trustee, the 
Principal Paying Agent (and, in the case of Registered Notes, the Registrar) and, in 
accordance with Condition 15 (Notices), the Noteholders (which notice shall be 
irrevocable), if: 
(a) 
on the occasion of the next payment due under the Notes, the Issuer or any 
Guarantor (where applicable) has or will become obliged to pay additional 
amounts as provided or referred to in Condition 9 (Taxation) as a result of any 
change in, or amendment to, the laws, regulations or rulings of a Tax Jurisdiction 
(as defined in Condition 9 (Taxation)) or any change in the application, 
administration or official interpretation of such laws, regulations, or rulings, which 
change or amendment becomes effective on or after the date on which 
agreement is reached to issue the first Tranche of the Notes; and 
(b) 
such obligation cannot be avoided by the Issuer (or, as the case may be, any 
Guarantor) taking reasonable measures available to it, 
provided that (a) no such notice of redemption shall be given earlier than 90 days prior to 
the earliest date on which the Issuer (or, as the case may be, any Guarantor) would be 
obliged to pay such additional amounts were a payment in respect of the Notes then due; 
and (b) prior to the publication of any notice of redemption pursuant to this Condition, the 
Issuer shall have delivered to the Trustee (i) a certificate signed by two Directors of the 
Issuer stating that the Issuer is entitled to effect such redemption and setting forth a 
statement of facts showing that the conditions precedent to the right of the Issuer so to 
redeem have occurred and (ii) an opinion of independent legal advisers of recognised 
standing addressed to the Trustee to the effect that the Issuer (or, as the case may be, 
any Guarantor) has or will become obliged to pay such additional amounts as a result of 
such change or amendment. 
Notes redeemed pursuant to this Condition 8.2 (Redemption for tax reasons) will be 
redeemed at their Early Redemption Amount referred to in Condition 8.7 (Early 
Redemption Amounts) below together (if appropriate) with interest accrued to (but 
excluding) the date of redemption.

--- Page 105 ---
105 
 
8.3 
Redemption at the option of the Issuer (Issuer Call) 
If Issuer Call is specified as being applicable in the applicable Final Terms, the Issuer 
may, having given not less than the minimum period nor more than the maximum period 
of notice specified in applicable Final Terms to the Trustee, the Principal Paying Agent 
(and, in the case of Registered Notes, the Registrar) and the Noteholders in accordance 
with Condition 15 (Notices) (which notice shall be irrevocable and shall specify the date 
fixed for redemption), redeem all or some only of the Notes then outstanding on any 
Optional Redemption Date and at the Optional Redemption Amount(s) specified in the 
applicable Final Terms together, if appropriate, with interest accrued to (but excluding) the 
relevant Optional Redemption Date. Any such redemption must be of a nominal amount 
not less than the Minimum Redemption Amount and not more than the Maximum 
Redemption Amount, in each case as may be specified in the applicable Final Terms. The 
Optional Redemption Amount will either be the specified percentage of the nominal 
amount of the Notes stated in the applicable Final Terms or, if either Spens Amount or 
Make Whole Redemption Amount is specified in the applicable Final Terms, will be: 
(a) 
if Spens Amount is specified as being applicable in the applicable Final Terms, 
the higher of (i) 100 per cent. of the nominal amount outstanding of the Notes to 
be redeemed and (ii) the nominal amount outstanding of the Notes to be 
redeemed multiplied by the price, as reported to the Issuer and the Trustee by 
the Determination Agent, at which the Gross Redemption Yield on such Notes on 
the Reference Date is equal to the Gross Redemption Yield (determined by 
reference to the middle market price) at the Quotation Time on the Reference 
Date of the Reference Bond, plus the Redemption Margin; or 
(b) 
if Make Whole Redemption Amount is specified as applicable in the applicable 
Final Terms, the higher of (i) 100 per cent. of the nominal amount outstanding of 
the Notes to be redeemed and (ii) the sum of the present values of the nominal 
amount outstanding of the Notes to be redeemed and the Remaining Term 
Interest on such Notes (exclusive of interest accrued to the date of redemption) 
and such present values shall be calculated by discounting such amounts to the 
date of redemption on an annual basis (assuming a 360-day year consisting of 
twelve 30-day months or, in the case of an incomplete month, the number of days 
elapsed) at the Reference Bond Rate, plus the Redemption Margin, 
all as determined by the Determination Agent.  
In this Condition: 
“DA Selected Bond” means a government security or securities selected by the 
Determination Agent as having an actual or interpolated maturity comparable with the 
remaining term of the Notes, that would be utilised, at the time of selection and in 
accordance with customary financial practice, in pricing new issues of corporate debt 
securities denominated in the Specified Currency and of a comparable maturity to the 
remaining term of the Notes; 
“Determination Agent” means an investment bank or financial institution of international 
standing selected by the Issuer after consultation with the Trustee;

--- Page 106 ---
106 
 
“Gross Redemption Yield” means, with respect to a security, the gross redemption yield 
on such security, expressed as a percentage and calculated by the Determination Agent 
on the basis set out by the United Kingdom Debt Management Office in the paper 
“Formulae for Calculating Gilt Prices from Yields”, page 4, Section One: Price/Yield 
Formulae “Conventional Gilts”; “Double dated and Undated Gilts with Assumed (or Actual) 
Redemption on a Quasi-Coupon Date” (published 8 June 1998, as amended or updated 
from time to time) on a semi-annual compounding basis (converted to an annualised yield 
and rounded up (if necessary) to four decimal places) or on such other basis as the 
Trustee may (in its absolute discretion) approve; 
“Quotation Time” shall be as set out in the applicable Final Terms; 
“Redemption Margin” shall be as set out in the applicable Final Terms; 
“Reference Bond” shall be as set out in the applicable Final Terms or the DA Selected 
Bond; 
“Reference Bond Price” means, with respect to any date of redemption, (a) the 
arithmetic average of the Reference Government Bond Dealer Quotations for such date 
of redemption, after excluding the highest and lowest such Reference Government Bond 
Dealer Quotations, or (b) if the Determination Agent obtains fewer than four such 
Reference Government Bond Dealer Quotations, the arithmetic average of all such 
quotations; 
“Reference Bond Rate” means, with respect to any date of redemption, the rate per 
annum equal to the annual or semi-annual yield (as the case may be) to maturity or 
interpolated yield to maturity (on the relevant day count basis) of the Reference Bond, 
assuming a price for the Reference Bond (expressed as a percentage of its nominal 
amount) equal to the Reference Bond Price for such date of redemption; 
“Reference Date” will be set out in the relevant notice of redemption; 
“Reference Government Bond Dealer” means each of five banks selected by the Issuer, 
or their affiliates, which are (A) primary government securities dealers, and their 
respective successors, or (B) market makers in pricing corporate bond issues; 
“Reference Government Bond Dealer Quotations” means, with respect to each 
Reference Government Bond Dealer and any date of redemption, the arithmetic average, 
as determined by the Determination Agent, of the bid and offered prices for the Reference 
Bond (expressed in each case as a percentage of its nominal amount) at the Quotation 
Time on the Reference Date quoted in writing to the Determination Agent by such 
Reference Government Bond Dealer; and 
“Remaining Term Interest” means, with respect to any Note, the aggregate amount of 
scheduled payment(s) of interest on such Note for the remaining term of such Note 
determined on the basis of the rate of interest applicable to such Note from and including 
the date on which such Note is to be redeemed by the Issuer pursuant to this Condition 
8.3 (Redemption at the option of the Issuer (Issuer Call)).

--- Page 107 ---
107 
 
In the case of a partial redemption of Notes, the Notes to be redeemed (“Redeemed 
Notes”) will (i) in the case of Redeemed Notes represented by definitive Notes, be 
selected individually by lot, not more than 30 days prior to the date fixed for redemption 
and (ii) in the case of Redeemed Notes represented by a Global Note, be selected in 
accordance with the rules of Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg, (to be reflected 
in the records of Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg as either a pool factor or a 
reduction in nominal amount, at their discretion). In the case of Redeemed Notes 
represented by definitive Notes, a list of the serial numbers of such Redeemed Notes will 
be published in accordance with Condition 15 (Notices) not less than 10 days prior to the 
date fixed for redemption. 
8.4 
Redemption at par at the option of the Issuer (Issuer Par Call) 
If Issuer Par Call is specified as being applicable in the applicable Final Terms, the Issuer 
may, having given not less than the minimum period nor more than the maximum period 
of notice specified in applicable Final Terms to the Trustee, the Principal Paying Agent 
(and, in the case of Registered Notes, the Registrar) and the Noteholders in accordance 
with Condition 15 (Notices) (which notice shall be irrevocable and shall specify the date 
fixed for redemption), redeem all or some only of the Notes then outstanding at their 
nominal amount together with interest accrued to, (but excluding) the date fixed for 
redemption at any time during the period starting on (and including) the Issuer Par Call 
Date specified in the applicable Final Terms and ending on (but excluding) the Maturity 
Date. Any such redemption must be of a nominal amount not less than the Minimum 
Redemption Amount and not more than the Maximum Redemption Amount, in each case 
as may be specified in the applicable Final Terms. 
In the case of a partial redemption of Notes, the Notes to be redeemed (“Redeemed 
Notes”) will (i) in the case of Redeemed Notes represented by definitive Notes, be 
selected individually by lot, not more than 30 days prior to the date fixed for redemption 
and (ii) in the case of Redeemed Notes represented by a Global Note, be selected in 
accordance with the rules of Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg, (to be reflected 
in the records of Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg as either a pool factor or a 
reduction in nominal amount, at their discretion). In the case of Redeemed Notes 
represented by definitive Notes, a list of the serial numbers of such Redeemed Notes will 
be published in accordance with Condition 15 (Notices) not less than 10 days prior to the 
date fixed for redemption. 
8.5 
Redemption at the option of the Noteholders (Investor Put) 
If Investor Put is specified as being applicable in the applicable Final Terms, upon the 
holder of any Note giving to the Issuer in accordance with Condition 15 (Notices) not less 
than the minimum period nor more than the maximum period of notice specified in the 
applicable Final Terms, the Issuer will, upon the expiry of such notice, redeem such Note 
on the Optional Redemption Date and at the Optional Redemption Amount together, if 
appropriate, with interest accrued to (but excluding) the Optional Redemption Date. 
If this Note is in definitive form and held outside Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg, 
to exercise the right to require redemption of this Note the holder of this Note must deliver, 
at the specified office of any Paying Agent (in the case of Bearer Notes) or the Registrar 
or any Transfer Agent (in the case of Registered Notes) at any time during normal

--- Page 108 ---
108 
 
business hours of such Paying Agent or the Registrar or such Transfer Agent falling within 
the notice period, a duly completed and signed notice of exercise in the form (for the time 
being current) obtainable from any specified office of any Paying Agent or the Registrar 
or any Transfer Agent (a “Put Notice”) and in which the holder must specify a bank 
account (or, if payment is required to be made by cheque, an address) to which payment 
is to be made under this Condition and, in the case of Registered Notes, the nominal 
amount thereof to be redeemed and, if less than the full nominal amount of the Registered 
Notes so surrendered is to be redeemed, an address to which a new Registered Note in 
respect of the balance of such Registered Notes is to be sent subject to and in accordance 
with Condition 2.2 (Registered Notes in definitive form). If this Note is represented by a 
Global Note or is in definitive form and held through Euroclear or Clearstream, 
Luxembourg, to exercise the right to require redemption of this Note the holder of this 
Note must, within the notice period, give notice to the Principal Paying Agent (in the case 
of Bearer Notes) or the Registrar (in the case of Registered Notes) of such exercise in 
accordance with the standard procedures of Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg 
(which may include notice being given on his instruction by Euroclear or Clearstream, 
Luxembourg or any common depositary or common safekeeper, as the case may be, for 
them to the Principal Paying Agent by electronic means) in a form acceptable to Euroclear 
and Clearstream, Luxembourg from time to time and, if this Note is represented by a 
Global Note, at the same time present or procure the presentation of the relevant Global 
Note to the Principal Paying Agent (in the case of Bearer Notes) or the Registrar (in the 
case of Registered Notes) for notation accordingly. 
Any Put Notice or other notice given in accordance with the standard procedures of 
Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg given by a holder of any Note pursuant to this 
Condition 8.5 (Redemption at the option of the Noteholders (Investor Put)) shall be 
irrevocable except where, prior to the due date of redemption, an Event of Default has 
occurred and the Trustee has declared the Notes to be due and payable pursuant to 
Condition 10 (Events of Default and Enforcement), in which event such holder, at its 
option, may elect by notice to the Issuer to withdraw the notice given pursuant to this 
Condition 8.5 (Redemption at the option of the Noteholders (Investor Put)). 
8.6 
Redemption at the option of the Noteholders upon a change of control (Change of 
Control Put) 
If Change of Control Put is specified as being applicable in the applicable Final Terms, 
then this Condition 8.6 (Redemption at the option of the Noteholders upon a change of 
control (Change of Control Put)) shall apply. 
A “Change of Control Put Event” will be deemed to occur if: 
(a) 
a person or persons acting in concert (as defined in the City Code on Takeovers 
and Mergers), other than a holding company (as defined in Section 1159 of the 
Companies Act 2006, as amended) whose shareholders are or are to be 
substantially similar to the pre- existing shareholders of DS Smith Plc or any 
holding company of DS Smith Plc, shall become interested (within the meaning 
of Part 22 of the Companies Act 2006, as amended) in (A) more than 50 per cent. 
of the issued or allotted ordinary share capital of DS Smith Plc (or any holding 
company of DS Smith Plc) or (B) shares in the capital of DS Smith Plc (or any 
holding company of DS Smith Plc) carrying more than 50 per cent. of the voting

--- Page 109 ---
109 
 
rights normally exercisable at a general meeting of DS Smith Plc or any holding 
company of DS Smith Plc (each such event being a “Change of Control”), 
provided that a Change of Control shall not be deemed to have occurred if the 
relevant event which would otherwise have resulted in a Change of Control has 
been approved by an Extraordinary Resolution; and 
(b) 
on the date (the “Relevant Announcement Date”) that is the earlier of (x) the 
date of the earliest Potential Change of Control Announcement (if any) and (y) 
the date of the first public announcement of the relevant Change of Control, the 
Notes carry: 
(i) 
an investment grade credit rating (Baa3/BBB-/BBB- or equivalent or 
better) from any Rating Agency (provided by such Rating Agency at the 
invitation or with the consent of DS Smith Plc) and such rating from any 
Rating Agency is within the Change of Control Period either downgraded 
to a non-investment grade credit rating (Ba1/BB+/BB+ or equivalent or 
worse) or withdrawn and is not within the Change of Control Period 
subsequently (in the case of a downgrade) upgraded or (in the case of a 
withdrawal) reinstated to an investment grade credit rating by such Rating 
Agency; or 
(ii) 
a non-investment grade credit rating (Ba1/BB+/BB+ or equivalent or 
worse) from any Rating Agency (provided by such Rating Agency at the 
invitation or with the consent of DS Smith Plc) and such rating from any 
Rating Agency is within the Change of Control Period downgraded by one 
or more notches (for illustration, Ba1/BB+/BB+ to Ba2/BB/BB being one 
notch) or withdrawn and is not within the Change of Control Period 
subsequently (in the case of a downgrade) upgraded or (in the case of a 
withdrawal) reinstated to its earlier credit rating or better by such Rating 
Agency; or 
(iii) 
no credit rating from any Rating Agency and a Negative Rating Event also 
occurs within the Change of Control Period, 
provided that if on the Relevant Announcement Date the Notes carry a credit 
rating from more than one Rating Agency, at least one of which is investment 
grade, then sub-paragraph (i) will apply; and 
(c) 
in making the relevant decision(s) referred to above, the relevant Rating Agency 
announces publicly or confirms in writing to DS Smith Plc or the Trustee that such 
downgrading and/or withdrawal resulted, directly or indirectly, from the Change 
of Control or the Potential Change of Control Announcement (whether or not the 
Change of Control shall have occurred at the time such rating is downgraded 
and/or withdrawn). Upon receipt by DS Smith Plc or the Trustee of any such 
written confirmation, the Issuer (in the case of Notes issued by DS Smith Plc) or 
the Group Guarantor (in the case of Notes issued by DS Smith Ireland Treasury 
Designated Activity Company) shall forthwith give notice of such written 
confirmation to the Noteholders in accordance with Condition 15 (Notices).

--- Page 110 ---
110 
 
If the rating designations employed by Moody’s, S&P or Fitch are changed from those 
which are described in paragraph (b) of the definition of “Change of Control Put Event” 
above, or if a rating is procured from a Substitute Rating Agency, Issuer (in the case of 
Notes issued by DS Smith Plc) or the Group Guarantor (in the case of Notes issued by 
DS Smith Ireland Treasury Designated Activity Company) shall determine the rating 
designations of Moody’s, S&P or Fitch or such Substitute Rating Agency (as appropriate) 
as are most equivalent to the prior rating designations of Moody’s, S&P or Fitch and this 
Condition 8.6 (Redemption at the option of the Noteholders upon a change of control 
(Change of Control Put)) shall be construed accordingly. 
If a Change of Control Put Event occurs, the holder of any Note will have the option to 
require the Issuer to redeem or, at the Issuer’s option, purchase (or procure the purchase 
of) such Note on the Change of Control Put Date (as defined below) at the Change of 
Control Redemption Amount together (if appropriate) with interest accrued to (but 
excluding) the date of redemption or purchase. 
Promptly upon the Issuer (in the case of Notes issued by DS Smith Plc) or the Group 
Guarantor (in the case of Notes issued by DS Smith Ireland Treasury Designated Activity 
Company) becoming aware that a Change of Control Put Event has occurred and, in any 
event, within 14 days of the occurrence of the relevant Change of Control, the Issuer shall 
and, at any time upon the Trustee becoming similarly so aware, the Trustee may, and if 
so requested by the holders of at least one-fifth in principal amount of the Notes then 
outstanding or if so directed by an Extraordinary Resolution of the Noteholders, shall 
(subject in each case to the Trustee being indemnified and/or secured and/or pre-funded 
to its satisfaction) give notice to the Noteholders in accordance with Condition 15 
(Notices) (a “Change of Control Put Event Notice”) specifying the nature of the Change 
of Control Put Event and the circumstances giving rise to it and the procedure for 
exercising the option set out in this Condition 8.6 ((Redemption at the option of the 
Noteholders upon a change of control (Change of Control Put)). 
If this Note is in definitive form and held outside Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg, 
to exercise the option to require redemption or purchase of this Note under this Condition 
8.6 (Redemption at the option of the Noteholders upon a change of control (Change of 
Control Put)), the holder of this Note must deliver, at the specified office of any Paying 
Agent (in the case of Bearer Notes) or the Registrar or any Transfer Agent (in the case of 
Registered Notes) at any time during normal business hours of such Paying Agent or the 
Registrar or such Transfer Agent falling within the Change of Control Put Period, a duly 
completed and signed notice of exercise in the form (for the time being current) obtainable 
from the specified office of any Paying Agent (in the case of Bearer Notes) or the Registrar 
(in the case of Registered Notes) (a “Change of Control Put Option Notice”) and in 
which the holder must specify a bank account (or, if payment is required to be made by 
cheque, an address) to which payment is to be made under this Condition accompanied 
by this Note and, in the case of Registered Notes, the nominal amount thereof to be 
redeemed and, if less than the full nominal amount of the Registered Notes so 
surrendered is to be redeemed, an address to which a new Registered Note in respect of 
the balance of such Registered Notes is to be sent subject to and in accordance with 
Condition 2.2 (Registered Notes in definitive form). 
If this Note is represented by a Global Note or is in definitive form and held through 
Euroclear or Clearstream, Luxembourg, to exercise the right to require redemption or, as

--- Page 111 ---
111 
 
the case may be, purchase of this Note under this Condition 8.6 (Redemption at the option 
of the Noteholders upon a change of control (Change of Control Put)) the holder of this 
Note must, within the Change of Control Put Period, give notice to the Principal Paying 
Agent (in the case of Bearer Notes) or the Registrar (in the case of Registered Notes) of 
such exercise in accordance with the standard procedures of Euroclear and/or 
Clearstream, Luxembourg (which may include notice being given on his instruction by 
Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg or any common depositary for them to the 
Principal Paying Agent (in the case of Bearer Notes) or the Registrar (in the case of 
Registered Notes) by electronic means) in a form acceptable to Euroclear and/or 
Clearstream, Luxembourg from time to time. 
Any Change of Control Put Option Notice or other notice given in accordance with the 
standard procedures of Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg given by a holder of any 
Note pursuant to this Condition 8.6 ((Redemption at the option of the Noteholders upon 
a change of control (Change of Control Put)) shall be irrevocable except where, prior to 
the due date of redemption or purchase, an Event of Default has occurred and the Trustee 
has declared the Notes to be due and payable pursuant to Condition 11 (Events of Default 
and Enforcement), in which event such holder, at its option, may elect by notice to the 
Issuer to withdraw the notice given pursuant to this Condition 8.6 ((Redemption at the 
option of the Noteholders upon a change of control (Change of Control Put)) and instead 
to declare such Note forthwith due and payable pursuant to Condition 11 (Events of 
Default and Enforcement). 
If 80 per cent. or more in nominal amount of the Notes then outstanding have been 
redeemed pursuant to this Condition 8.6 ((Redemption at the option of the Noteholders 
upon a change of control (Change of Control Put)), the Issuer may, on not less than 30 
or more than 60 days’ notice to the Noteholders given within 30 days after the Change of 
Control Put Date, redeem or, at its option, purchase (or procure the purchase of) the 
remaining Notes as a whole at the Change of Control Redemption Amount together (if 
appropriate) with interest accrued to (but excluding) the date of redemption or purchase. 
The Trustee is under no obligation to ascertain whether a Change of Control Put Event 
or Change of Control, or any event which could lead to the occurrence of, or could 
constitute, a Change of Control Put Event or Change of Control has occurred, and until it 
shall have received notice thereof pursuant to the Trust Deed to the contrary, the Trustee 
may assume that no Change of Control Put Event or Change of Control or other such 
event has occurred. 
In these Conditions: 
“Change of Control Period” means the period commencing on the Relevant 
Announcement Date and ending 120 days after the occurrence of the Change of Control 
or, where a Rating Agency has publicly announced that the Notes are under consideration 
for rating review or, as the case may be, rating (such public announcement being within 
the period ending 120 days after the Change of Control), the later of (i) such 120th day 
after the Change of Control and (ii) the date falling 60 days after such public 
announcement; 
“Change of Control Put Date” is the seventh day following the last day of the Change of 
Control Put Period;

--- Page 112 ---
112 
 
“Change of Control Put Period” means the period from, and including, the date of a 
Change of Control Put Event Notice to, but excluding, the 45th day following the date of 
the Change of Control Put Event Notice or, if earlier, the eighth day immediately preceding 
the Maturity Date; 
“Fitch” means Fitch Ratings Limited; 
“Moody’s” means Moody’s Investors Services Limited; 
“Negative Rating Event” shall be deemed to have occurred, if at any time there is no 
rating assigned to the Notes by any Rating Agency (at the invitation or with the consent 
of the Issuer), either (i) the Issuer does not, prior to or not later than 21 days after the 
occurrence of the relevant Change of Control, seek, and thereafter throughout the 
Change of Control Period use all reasonable endeavours to obtain, a rating of the Notes 
or (ii) if the Issuer does so seek and use all such reasonable endeavours, the Issuer is 
unable to obtain such rating of at least investment grade (Baa3/BBB-/BBB- or equivalent 
or better) by the end of the Change of Control Period and the relevant Rating Agency 
announces publicly or confirms in writing to the Issuer (in the case of Notes issued by DS 
Smith Ireland Treasury Designated Activity Company) or the Group Guarantor (in the 
case of Notes issued by DS Smith Plc) or the Trustee that the failure to issue a rating of 
at least investment grade (Baa3/BBB-/BBB- or equivalent or better) was as a result, 
directly or indirectly, from the Change of Control or the Potential Change of Control 
Announcement (whether or not the Change of Control had occurred at such time); 
a reference to a person includes any individual, company, corporation, unincorporated 
association or body (including a partnership, trust, fund, joint venture or consortium), 
government, state, agency, organisation or other entity whether or not having separate 
legal personality; 
“Potential Change of Control Announcement” means any public announcement or 
statement by or on behalf of DS Smith Plc, any actual or potential bidder or any adviser 
acting on behalf of any actual or potential bidder relating to any potential Change of 
Control where within 180 days following the date of such announcement or statement, a 
Change of Control occurs;  
“Rating Agency” means Moody’s, S&P or Fitch or any of their respective successors or 
any other rating agency (each a “Substitute Rating Agency”) of equivalent international 
standing specified by the Issuer (in the case of Notes issued by DS Smith Plc) or the 
Group Guarantor (in the case of Notes issued by DS Smith Ireland Treasury Designated 
Activity Company); and 
“S&P” and “Standard & Poor’s” means S&P Global Ratings Europe Limited. 
8.7 
Early Redemption Amounts 
For the purpose of Condition 8.2 (Redemption for tax reasons) above and Condition 11 
(Events of Default and Enforcement), each Note will be redeemed at its Early Redemption 
Amount calculated as follows:

--- Page 113 ---
113 
 
(a) 
in the case of a Note with a Final Redemption Amount equal to the Issue Price, 
at the Final Redemption Amount thereof; 
(b) 
in the case of a Note (other than a Zero Coupon Note) with a Final Redemption 
Amount which is or may be less or greater than the Issue Price or which is 
payable in a Specified Currency other than that in which the Note is denominated, 
at the amount specified in the applicable Final Terms or, if no such amount or 
manner is so specified in the applicable Final Terms, at its nominal amount; or 
(c) 
in the case of a Zero Coupon Note, at an amount (the “Amortised Face 
Amount”) calculated in accordance with the following formula: 
Early Redemption Amount = RP x (1 + AY)y 
where: 
“RP” 
means the Reference Price; 
“AY” 
means the Accrual Yield expressed as a decimal; and 
“y” 
is the Day Count Fraction specified in the applicable Final Terms which 
will be either (i) 30/360 (in which case the numerator will be equal to the 
number of days (calculated on the basis of a 360-day year consisting of 
12 months of 30 days each) from (and including) the Issue Date of the 
first Tranche of the Notes to (but excluding) the date fixed for redemption 
or (as the case may be) the date upon which such Note becomes due 
and repayable and the denominator will be 360) or (ii) Actual/360 (in 
which case the numerator will be equal to the actual number of days from 
(and including) the Issue Date of the first Tranche of the Notes to (but 
excluding) the date fixed for redemption or (as the case may be) the date 
upon which such Note becomes due and repayable and the denominator 
will be 360) or (iii) Actual/365 (in which case the numerator will be equal 
to the actual number of days from (and including) the Issue Date of the 
first Tranche of the Notes to (but excluding) the date fixed for redemption 
or (as the case may be) the date upon which such Note becomes due 
and repayable and the denominator will be 365). 
8.8 
Purchases 
The Issuer, any Guarantor or any Group Subsidiary may at any time purchase Notes 
(provided that, in the case of Definitive Bearer Notes, all unmatured Coupons and Talons 
appertaining thereto are purchased therewith) at any price in the open market or 
otherwise. All Notes so purchased will be surrendered to the Principal Paying Agent for 
cancellation. 
8.9 
Cancellation 
All Notes which are redeemed will forthwith be cancelled (together with all unmatured 
Coupons and Talons attached thereto or surrendered therewith at the time of redemption). 
All Notes so cancelled and Notes purchased pursuant to Condition 8.6 (Redemption at

--- Page 114 ---
114 
 
the option of the Noteholders upon a change of control (Change of Control Put)) or 
purchased and cancelled pursuant to Condition 8.8 (Purchases) above (together with all 
unmatured Coupons and Talons cancelled therewith) shall be forwarded, in the case of 
Bearer Notes, to the Principal Paying Agent and, in the case of Registered Notes, to the 
Registrar and cannot be reissued or resold. 
8.10 
Late payment on Zero Coupon Notes 
If the amount payable in respect of any Zero Coupon Note upon redemption of such Zero 
Coupon Note pursuant to Condition 8.1 (Redemption at maturity), 7.2 (Redemption for 
tax reasons), 7.3 (Redemption at the option of the Issuer (Issuer Call)), 7.4 (Redemption 
at par at the option of the Issuer (Issuer Par Call)), 7.5 (Redemption at the option of the 
Noteholders (Investor Put)), 7.6 (Redemption at the option of the Noteholders upon a 
change of control (Change of Control Put)) above or upon its becoming due and 
repayable as provided in Condition 11 (Events of Default and Enforcement) is improperly 
withheld or refused, the amount due and repayable in respect of such Zero Coupon Note 
shall be the amount calculated as provided in Condition 8.7(c) above as though the 
references therein to the date fixed for the redemption or the date upon which such Zero 
Coupon Note becomes due and payable were replaced by references to the date which 
is the earlier of: 
(a) 
the date on which all amounts due in respect of such Zero Coupon Note have 
been paid; and 
(b) 
five days after the date on which the full amount of the moneys payable in respect 
of such Zero Coupon Notes has been received by the Principal Paying Agent, the 
Registrar or the Trustee and notice to that effect has been given to the 
Noteholders in accordance with Condition 15 (Notices). 
9. 
TAXATION 
All payments of principal and interest in respect of the Notes and Coupons by the Issuers 
or in respect of the Guarantee by any Guarantor (where applicable) will be made without 
withholding or deduction for or on account of any present or future taxes or duties of 
whatever nature imposed or levied by or on behalf of any Tax Jurisdiction unless such 
withholding or deduction is required by law. In such event, the Issuer (or, as the case may 
be, a Guarantor) will pay such additional amounts as shall be necessary in order that the 
net amounts received by the holders of the Notes or Coupons after such withholding or 
deduction shall equal the respective amounts of principal and interest which would 
otherwise have been receivable in respect of the Notes or Coupons, as the case may be, 
in the absence of such withholding or deduction; except that no such additional amounts 
shall be payable with respect to any Note or Coupon or under the Guarantee: 
(a) 
presented for payment in the United Kingdom; or 
(b) 
presented for payment by or on behalf of, or held by, a Noteholder, where such 
withholding or deduction was attributable to the failure of the Noteholder or 
beneficial owner of such Note or Coupon to comply with any reasonable request 
by or on behalf of the Issuer addressed to the Noteholder and made at least 60 
days before any such withholding or deduction would be withheld to satisfy any

--- Page 115 ---
115 
 
Certification Requirement (which the Noteholder or beneficial owner would be 
able to legally and properly satisfy); or 
(c) 
the holder of which is liable for such taxes or duties in respect of such Note or 
Coupon by reason of his having some connection with a Tax Jurisdiction other 
than the mere holding of such Note or Coupon; or 
(d) 
presented for payment more than 30 days after the Relevant Date (as defined 
below) except to the extent that the holder thereof would have been entitled to an 
additional amount on presenting the same for payment on such thirtieth day 
assuming that day to have been a Payment Day (as defined in Condition 7.6 
(Payment Day)). 
In these Conditions: 
“Certification Requirement” means any certification, identification, information or other 
reporting requirements, whether required by statute, treaty, regulation or administrative 
practice of a tax jurisdiction as a precondition to exemption from, or reduction in the rate 
of deduction or withholding of, taxes imposed by such tax jurisdiction (including, without 
limitation, a certification that the holder or beneficial owner is not resident in the tax 
jurisdiction); 
“Tax Jurisdiction” means (a) in relation to any payment by DS Smith Plc (either in its 
capacity as the Issuer or in its capacity as a Group Guarantor, as applicable), the United 
Kingdom; (b) in relation to any payment by the Issuer where the Issuer is DS Smith Ireland 
Treasury Designated Activity Company, Ireland or (c) in relation to any payment made by 
another Guarantor, the jurisdiction in which such Guarantor is incorporated or resident for 
tax purposes, or (in any such case) any political subdivision or any authority thereof or 
therein having power to tax; and 
the “Relevant Date” means the date on which such payment first becomes due, except 
that, if the full amount of the moneys payable has not been duly received by the Trustee, 
the Registrar or the Principal Paying Agent on or prior to such due date, it means the date 
on which, the full amount of such moneys having been so received, notice to that effect 
is duly given to the Noteholders in accordance with Condition 15 (Notices). 
For the avoidance of doubt, no additional amounts will be required to be paid on account 
of any deduction or withholding required pursuant to any agreement described in Section 
1471(b) of the Code or otherwise imposed pursuant to Sections 1471 through 1474 of the 
Code, any regulations or agreements thereunder, any official interpretations thereof, or 
any law implementing an intergovernmental approach thereto.  
10. 
PRESCRIPTION 
The Notes (whether in bearer or registered form) and Coupons will become void unless 
claims in respect of principal and/or interest are made within a period of 10 years (in the 
case of principal) and five years (in the case of interest) after the Relevant Date (as 
defined in Condition 9 (Taxation)) therefore.

--- Page 116 ---
116 
 
There shall not be included in any Coupon sheet issued on exchange of a Talon any 
Coupon the claim for payment in respect of which would be void pursuant to this Condition 
or Condition 7.2 (Presentation of Definitive Bearer Notes and Coupons) or any Talon 
which would be void pursuant to Condition 7.2 (Presentation of Definitive Bearer Notes 
and Coupons). 
11. 
EVENTS OF DEFAULT AND ENFORCEMENT 
11.1 
Events of Default 
The Trustee at its discretion may, and if so requested in writing by the holders of at least 
one-fifth in nominal amount of the Notes then outstanding or if so directed by an 
Extraordinary Resolution shall (subject in each case to being indemnified and/or secured 
and/or pre-funded to its satisfaction), (but in the case of the happening of any of the events 
described in (i) paragraph (b) below in relation to the Issuer or any Guarantor (where 
applicable), or (ii) paragraphs (d), (e) or (h) below in relation to any Material Subsidiary, 
only if the Trustee shall have certified in writing to the Issuer and each Guarantor (as 
applicable) that such event is, in its opinion, materially prejudicial to the interests of the 
Noteholders), give notice in writing to the Issuer and each Guarantor (where applicable) 
that each Note is, and each Note shall thereupon immediately become, due and 
repayable at its Early Redemption Amount, together with accrued interest (if any) as 
provided in the Trust Deed, if any of the following events (each an “Event of Default”) 
shall occur: 
(a) 
default is made in the payment in the Specified Currency of any principal or 
interest due in respect of the Notes or any of them or the Issuer fails to purchase 
any Notes pursuant to Condition 8.6 (Redemption at the option of the Noteholders 
upon a change of control (Change of Control Put)) and the default or failure 
continues for a period of seven days in the case of principal or the failure to so 
purchase the Notes or ten days in the case of interest; or 
(b) 
the Issuer or, where applicable, any Guarantor fails to perform or observe any of 
its other obligations under the Conditions or the Trust Deed (except in any case 
where, in the opinion of the Trustee, the failure is incapable of remedy when no 
such continuation or notice as is hereinafter mentioned will be required) the failure 
continues for the period of 30 days next following the service by the Trustee on 
the Issuer and each Guarantor, as applicable, of notice requiring the same to be 
remedied; or 
(c) 
 
(i) 
any Indebtedness for Borrowed Money of the Issuer or, where applicable, 
any Guarantor or any Material Subsidiary becomes due and repayable 
prematurely by reason of an event of default (however described); 
(ii) 
the Issuer or, where applicable, any Guarantor or any Material Subsidiary 
fails to make any payment in respect of any Indebtedness for Borrowed 
Money on the due date for payment as extended by any originally 
applicable grace period; or

--- Page 117 ---
117 
 
(iii) 
default is made by the Issuer or, where applicable, any Guarantor or any 
Material Subsidiary in making any payment under any Financing 
Guarantee on the due date for payment as extended by any originally 
applicable grace period, 
provided that no event described in this paragraph (c) shall constitute an Event 
of Default unless the amount of Indebtedness for Borrowed Money due and 
unpaid or amount payable under any such Financing Guarantee, either alone or 
when aggregated (without double-counting) with other amounts of Indebtedness 
for Borrowed Money due and unpaid and amounts payable under any such 
Financing Guarantee(s) relative to all (if any) other events specified in (i) to (iii) 
above which have occurred, amounts to at least the higher of (A) £15 million (or 
its equivalent in any other currency) and (B) 1.50 per cent. of the net assets of 
DS Smith Plc and its Subsidiaries (taken as a whole), as determined in 
accordance with the group’s normal accounting policies and stated in the latest 
audited consolidated accounts of DS Smith Plc and its Subsidiaries; or 
(d) 
any order is made by any competent court or resolution passed for the 
administration, liquidation, winding up or dissolution of the Issuer or any 
Guarantor (where applicable) or any Material Subsidiary, save for the purposes 
of reorganisation on terms previously approved in writing by the Trustee or by an 
Extraordinary Resolution; or 
(e) 
the Issuer, any Guarantor (where applicable) or any Material Subsidiary ceases 
or threatens to cease to carry on all or substantially all of its business, save, in 
each case, for the purposes of reorganisation on terms previously approved in 
writing by the Trustee or by an Extraordinary Resolution, or the Issuer, any 
Guarantor (where applicable) or any Material Subsidiary stops or threatens to 
stop payment of, or is unable to or admits inability to pay, its debts (or any class 
of its debts) as they fall due or is deemed unable to pay its debts pursuant to or 
for the purposes of any applicable law or is adjudicated or found bankrupt or 
insolvent; or 
(f) 
(A) proceedings are initiated against the Issuer, any Guarantor (where applicable) 
or any Material Subsidiary under any applicable liquidation, insolvency, 
composition, reorganisation or other similar laws, or an application is made (or 
documents filed with a court) for the appointment of an administrative or other 
receiver, manager, administrator or other similar official, or an administrative or 
other receiver, manager, administrator or other similar official is appointed, in 
relation to the Issuer or the whole or a substantial part of its undertaking or assets 
or in relation to any Guarantor or the whole or a substantial part of any 
Guarantor’s undertaking or assets or in relation to any Material Subsidiary or all 
or substantially all of any Material Subsidiary’s undertaking or assets, or an 
encumbrance takes possession of the whole or a substantial part of the 
undertaking or assets of the Issuer or all or substantially all of a Guarantor’s 
undertaking or assets, or all or substantially all of any Material Subsidiary’s 
undertaking or assets, or a distress, execution, attachment, sequestration or 
other process is levied, enforced upon, sued out or put in force against the whole 
or a substantial part of the undertaking or assets of the Issuer or all or 
substantially all of the undertaking or assets of a Guarantor, or all or substantially

--- Page 118 ---
118 
 
all of the undertaking or assets of any Material Subsidiary and (B) in any case 
(other than the appointment of an administrator) is not discharged within 14 days; 
or 
(g) 
any mortgage, charge, lien, pledge or other security interest, present or future, 
created or assumed by the Issuer, any Guarantor (where applicable) or any 
Material Subsidiary becomes enforceable and any step is taken to enforce it 
(including the taking of possession or the appointment of a receiver, 
administrative receiver, administrator, manager or other similar person) unless 
such step taken to enforce such mortgage, charge, lien, pledge or other security 
interest is discharged within 14 days of such step being taken and provided that 
the aggregate amount secured by such mortgage, charge, lien, pledge or other 
security interest being enforced equals or exceeds (without double-counting) the 
higher of (A) £15 million (or its equivalent in any other currency) and (B) 1.50 per 
cent. of the net assets of DS Smith Plc and its Subsidiaries (taken as a whole), 
as determined in accordance with the group’s normal accounting policies and 
stated in the latest audited consolidated accounts of DS Smith Plc and its 
Subsidiaries; or 
(h) 
the Issuer, any Guarantor (where applicable) or any Material Subsidiary initiates 
or consents to judicial proceedings relating to itself under any applicable 
liquidation, insolvency, composition, reorganisation or other similar laws 
(including the obtaining of a moratorium) or makes a conveyance or assignment 
for the benefit of, or enters into any composition or other arrangement with, its 
creditors generally (or any class of its creditors) or any meeting is convened to 
consider a proposal for an arrangement or composition with its creditors generally 
(or any class of its creditors); or 
(i) 
any event occurs which, under the laws of any relevant jurisdiction, has or may 
have, in the Trustee’s opinion, an analogous effect to any of the events referred 
to in the foregoing paragraphs; or  
(j) 
the Guarantee is not, or is claimed by a Guarantor not to be, in full force and 
effect.  
11.2 
Enforcement 
The Trustee may at any time, at its discretion and without notice, take such proceedings 
against the Issuer or any Guarantor (where applicable) as it may think fit to enforce the 
provisions of the Trust Deed, the Notes and the Coupons, but it shall not be bound to take 
any such proceedings or any other action in relation to the Trust Deed, the Notes or the 
Coupons unless (i) it shall have been so directed by an Extraordinary Resolution or so 
requested in writing by the holders of at least one-fifth in nominal amount of the Notes 
then outstanding and (ii) it shall have been indemnified and/or secured and/or pre-funded 
to its satisfaction. 
No Noteholder or Couponholder shall be entitled to proceed directly against the Issuer or 
any Guarantor (where applicable) unless the Trustee, having become bound so to 
proceed, fails so to do within a reasonable period and the failure shall be continuing.

--- Page 119 ---
119 
 
11.3 
Definitions 
In these Conditions: 
“Material Subsidiary” means at any time a Group Subsidiary: 
(a) 
whose gross assets or pre-tax profits (in each case, consolidated in the case of 
a Subsidiary which itself has Subsidiaries and which, in the normal course, 
prepares consolidated accounts) represent in each case (or, in the case of a 
Subsidiary acquired after the end of the financial period to which the then latest 
audited consolidated accounts of DS Smith Plc and its Subsidiaries relate, are 
equal to) not less than five per cent. of the consolidated gross assets or, as the 
case may be, consolidated pre-tax profits of DS Smith Plc and its Subsidiaries 
taken as a whole, all as calculated respectively by reference to (i) the then latest 
accounts (consolidated or, as the case may be, unconsolidated) of such 
Subsidiary which were used in the preparation of the latest audited consolidated 
accounts of DS Smith Plc and its Subsidiaries and (ii) the then latest audited 
consolidated accounts of DS Smith Plc and its Subsidiaries, provided that, in the 
case of a Subsidiary of DS Smith Plc  acquired after the end of the financial period 
to which the then latest audited consolidated accounts of DS Smith Plc and its 
Subsidiaries relate, the reference to the relevant accounts in sub-paragraph (i) 
for the purposes of the calculation above shall be deemed to be a reference to 
the then latest accounts (consolidated or, as the case may be, unconsolidated) 
of such Subsidiary, and the reference to the relevant accounts in sub-paragraph 
(ii) for the purposes of the calculation above shall, until consolidated accounts for 
the financial period in which the acquisition is made have been prepared and 
audited as aforesaid, be deemed to be a reference to such first- mentioned 
accounts as if such Subsidiary had been shown in such accounts by reference to 
its then latest relevant audited accounts, adjusted as deemed appropriate by DS 
Smith Plc; or 
(b) 
to which is transferred the whole or substantially the whole of the undertaking and 
assets of a Subsidiary which immediately prior to such transfer is a Material 
Subsidiary, provided that the transferor Subsidiary shall upon such transfer 
forthwith cease to be a Material Subsidiary and the transferee Subsidiary shall 
cease to be a Material Subsidiary pursuant to this sub-paragraph (b) on the date 
on which the consolidated accounts of DS Smith Plc and its Subsidiaries for the 
financial period current at the date of such transfer have been prepared and 
audited as aforesaid but so that such transferor Subsidiary or such transferee 
Subsidiary may be a Material Subsidiary on or at any time after the date on which 
such consolidated accounts have been prepared and audited as aforesaid by 
virtue of the provisions of sub-paragraph (a) above or, prior to or after such date, 
by virtue of any other applicable provision of this definition; or 
(c) 
to which is transferred an undertaking or assets which, taken together with the 
undertaking or assets of the transferee Subsidiary, represent (or, in the case of a 
Subsidiary acquired after the end of the financial period to which the then audited 
consolidated accounts of DS Smith Plc and its Subsidiaries relate, are equal to) 
not less than five per cent. of the consolidated gross assets or consolidated pre-
tax profits, of DS Smith Plc and its Subsidiaries taken as a whole, all as calculated

--- Page 120 ---
120 
 
as referred to in subparagraph (a) above, provided that the transferor Subsidiary 
(if a Material Subsidiary) shall upon such transfer forthwith cease to be a Material 
Subsidiary unless, immediately following such transfer, its assets represent (or, 
in the case aforesaid, are equal to) not less than five per cent. of the consolidated 
gross assets or its undertaking and assets generate (or, in the case aforesaid, 
are equal to) not less than five per cent. of the consolidated pre-tax profits of DS 
Smith Plc and its Subsidiaries taken as a whole, all as calculated as referred to 
in sub-paragraph (a) above, and the transferee Subsidiary shall cease to be a 
Material Subsidiary pursuant to this sub-paragraph (c) on the date on which the 
consolidated accounts of DS Smith Plc and its Subsidiaries for the financial period 
current at the date of such transfer have been prepared and audited but so that 
such transferor Subsidiary or such transferee Subsidiary may be a Material 
Subsidiary on or at any time after the date on which such consolidated accounts 
have been prepared and audited as aforesaid by virtue of the provisions of sub-
paragraph (a) above or, prior to or after such date, by virtue of any other 
applicable provision of this definition, 
all as more particularly defined in the Trust Deed. 
The Trustee shall, in the absence of manifest error and without further enquiry or 
evidence, accept a certificate signed by two Directors of the Issuer (in the case of Notes 
issued by DS Smith Plc) and the Group Guarantor (in the case of Notes issued by DS 
Smith Ireland Treasury Designated Activity Company), whether or not addressed to the 
Trustee, that, in their opinion, a Group Subsidiary is or is not or was or was not at any 
particular time or throughout any specified period a Material Subsidiary as conclusive 
evidence thereof and any such certificate shall be conclusive and binding on all parties. 
12. 
REPLACEMENT OF NOTES, COUPONS AND TALONS 
Should any Note, Coupon or Talon be lost, stolen, mutilated, defaced or destroyed, it may 
be replaced at the specified office of the Principal Paying Agent (in the case of Bearer 
Notes) or the Registrar (in the case of Registered Notes) upon payment by the claimant 
of such costs and expenses as may be incurred in connection therewith and on such 
terms as to evidence and indemnity as the Issuer and the Principal Paying Agent or, as 
the case may be, the Registrar may require. Mutilated or defaced Notes, Coupons or 
Talons must be surrendered before replacements will be issued. 
13. 
PAYING AGENTS 
The names of the initial Paying Agents and their initial specified offices are set out below. 
If any additional Paying Agents are appointed in connection with any Series, the names 
of such Paying Agents will be specified in Part B of the applicable Final Terms. 
The Issuer is entitled, with the prior written approval of the Trustee, to vary or terminate 
the appointment of any Paying Agent and/or appoint additional or other Paying Agents 
and/or approve any change in the specified office through which any Paying Agent acts, 
provided that: 
(a) 
there will at all times be a Paying Agent (which may be the Principal Paying 
Agent), a Transfer Agent and a Registrar;

--- Page 121 ---
121 
 
(b) 
so long as the Notes are listed on any stock exchange or admitted to listing by 
any other relevant authority, there will at all times be a Paying Agent and (in the 
case of Registered Notes) a Transfer Agent and Registrar, in each case, with a 
specified office in such place as may be required by the rules and regulations of 
the relevant stock exchange or other relevant authority; 
(c) 
there will at all times be a Registrar (in the case of a Series of Registered Notes) 
which, if the Registrar originally appoint in respect of such Series had its specified 
office outside the United Kingdom, shall also have a specified office outside of 
the United Kingdom; and 
(d) 
there will at all times be a Paying Agent in a jurisdiction within Europe, other than 
the jurisdiction in which the Issuer is incorporated. 
In addition, the Issuer shall forthwith appoint a Paying Agent having a specified office in 
New York City in the circumstances described in Condition 7.5 (General provisions 
applicable to payments).  Notice of any variation, termination, appointment or change in 
Paying Agents will be given to the Noteholders promptly by the Issuer in accordance with 
Condition 15 (Notices). 
In acting under the Agency Agreement, the Paying Agents act solely as agents of the 
Issuer and any Guarantor (where applicable) and, in certain circumstances specified 
therein, of the Trustee and do not assume any obligation to, or relationship of agency or 
trust with, any Noteholders or Couponholders. The Agency Agreement contains 
provisions permitting any entity into which any Paying Agent is merged or converted or 
with which it is consolidated or to which it transfers all or substantially all of its assets to 
become the successor paying agent. 
14. 
EXCHANGE OF TALONS 
On and after the Interest Payment Date on which the final Coupon comprised in any 
Coupon sheet matures, the Talon (if any) forming part of such Coupon sheet may be 
surrendered at the specified office of the Principal Paying Agent or any other Paying Agent 
in exchange for a further Coupon sheet including (if such further Coupon sheet does not 
include Coupons to (and including) the final date for the payment of interest due in respect 
of the Note to which it appertains) a further Talon, subject to the provisions of Condition 
10 (Prescription). 
15. 
NOTICES 
All notices regarding Bearer Notes will be deemed to be validly given if published (a) in a 
leading English language daily newspaper of general circulation in London and (b) if and 
for so long as the Notes are admitted to trading and listed on the official list of the 
Luxembourg Stock Exchange, a daily newspaper of general circulation in Luxembourg or 
the Luxembourg Stock Exchange’s website, www.bourse.lu. It is expected that any such 
publication in a newspaper will be made in the Financial Times in London and the 
Luxemburger Wort or the Tageblatt in Luxembourg. The Issuer shall also ensure that 
notices are duly published in a manner which complies with the rules of any stock 
exchange or other relevant authority on which the Notes are for the time being listed or 
by which they have been admitted to trading. Any such notice will be deemed to have

--- Page 122 ---
122 
 
been given on the date of the first publication or, where required to be published in more 
than one newspaper, on the date of the first publication in all required newspapers. If 
publication as provided above is not practicable, a notice will be given in such other 
manner, and will be deemed to have been given on such date, as the Trustee shall 
approve. 
All notices regarding the Registered Notes will be deemed to be validly given if sent by 
first class mail or (if posted to an address overseas) by airmail to the holders (or the first 
named of joint holders) at their respective addresses recorded in the Register and will be 
deemed to have been given on the fourth day after mailing and, in addition, for so long 
as any Registered Notes are listed by or on a competent authority or stock exchange and 
the rules of that competent authority or stock exchange so require, such notice will be 
published in a daily newspaper of general circulation in the places or places required by 
that competent authority or stock exchange. 
Until such time as any definitive Notes are issued, there may, so long as any Global Notes 
representing the Notes are held in their entirety on behalf of Euroclear and/or 
Clearstream, Luxembourg, be substituted for such publication in such newspaper(s) the 
delivery of the relevant notice to Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg for 
communication by them to the holders of the Notes and, in addition, for so long as any 
Notes are listed on a stock exchange or are admitted to trading by another relevant 
authority and the rules of that stock exchange or relevant authority so require, such notice 
will be published in a daily newspaper of general circulation in the place or places required 
by those rules. Any such notice shall be deemed to have been given to the holders of the 
Notes on the day on which the said notice was given to Euroclear and Clearstream, 
Luxembourg. 
Notices to be given by any Noteholder shall be in writing and given by lodging the same, 
together (in the case of any Note in definitive form) with the relative Note or Notes, with 
the Principal Paying Agent (in the case of Bearer Notes) or the Registrar (in the case of 
Registered Notes). Whilst any of the Notes are represented by a Global Note, such notice 
may be given by any holder of a Note to the Principal Paying Agent or the Registrar 
through Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg, as the case may be, in such manner 
as the Principal Paying Agent or the Registrar and Euroclear and/or Clearstream, 
Luxembourg, as the case may be, may approve for this purpose. 
16. 
MEETINGS OF NOTEHOLDERS, MODIFICATION, WAIVER AND SUBSTITUTION 
The Trust Deed contains provisions for convening meetings of the Noteholders to 
consider any matter affecting their interests, including the sanctioning by Extraordinary 
Resolution of a modification of the Notes, the Coupons or any of the provisions of the 
Trust Deed. Such a meeting may be convened by the Issuer or the Trustee and shall be 
convened by the Issuer if required in writing by Noteholders holding not less than five per 
cent. in nominal amount of the Notes for the time being remaining outstanding. The 
quorum at any such meeting for passing an Extraordinary Resolution is one or more 
persons holding or representing more than 50 per cent. in nominal amount of the Notes 
for the time being outstanding, or at any adjourned meeting one or more persons being 
or representing Noteholders whatever the nominal amount of the Notes so held or 
represented, except that at any meeting the business of which includes the modification 
of certain provisions of the Notes or the Coupons or the Trust Deed (including modifying

--- Page 123 ---
123 
 
the date of maturity of the Notes or any date for payment of interest thereon, reducing or 
cancelling the amount of principal or the rate of interest payable in respect of the Notes 
or altering the currency of payment of the Notes or the Coupons), the quorum shall be 
one or more persons holding or representing not less than two-thirds in nominal amount 
of the Notes for the time being outstanding, or at any adjourned such meeting one or 
more persons holding or representing not less than one-third in nominal amount of the 
Notes for the time being outstanding. An Extraordinary Resolution passed at any meeting 
of the Noteholders shall be binding on all the Noteholders, whether or not they are present 
at the meeting, and on all Couponholders. 
The Trust Deed provides that a resolution in writing signed by or on behalf of the holders 
of not less than 75 per cent. in the nominal amount of the Notes for the time being 
outstanding shall for all purposes be as valid and effective as an Extraordinary Resolution 
passed at a meeting of Noteholders duly convened and held. Such a resolution in writing 
may be contained in one document or several documents in the same form, each signed 
by or on behalf of one or more Noteholders. 
The Trust Deed provides that, for so long as Notes are held in global form through a 
clearing system, consents given by way of electronic consents through the relevant 
clearing system(s) (in a form satisfactory to the Trustee) by or on behalf of the holder(s) 
of not less than 75 per cent. in the nominal amount of the Notes for the time being 
outstanding shall be effective as an Extraordinary Resolution of the Noteholders. 
The Trustee may agree, without the consent of the Noteholders or Couponholders, to any 
modification of, or to the waiver or authorisation of any breach or proposed breach of, any 
of the provisions of the Notes, the Trust Deed or the Agency Agreement, or determine, 
without any such consent as aforesaid, that any Event of Default or Potential Event of 
Default shall not be treated as such, where, in any such case, it is not, in the opinion of 
the Trustee, materially prejudicial to the interests of the Noteholders so to do or may 
agree, without any such consent as aforesaid, to any modification which is of a formal, 
minor or technical nature or to correct a manifest error. In addition, the Trustee shall agree 
to effect Floating Rate Calculation Changes in accordance with Condition 6.2 above 
without the consent of the Noteholders or Couponholders. Any such modification, waiver, 
authorisation or determination shall be binding on the Noteholders and the 
Couponholders and, unless the Trustee agrees otherwise, any such modification shall be 
notified to the Noteholders in accordance with Condition 15 (Notices) as soon as 
practicable thereafter.  
The Trustee may, without the consent of the Noteholders, agree with the Issuer and (if 
applicable) each Guarantor to the substitution in place of the Issuer (or of any previous 
substitute under this Condition) as the principal debtor under the Notes, the Coupons and 
the Trust Deed of another company, being a Holding Company (as defined in the Trust 
Deed) of the Issuer or a Group Subsidiary, subject to (a) (if and to the extent applicable) 
the Notes being unconditionally and irrevocably guaranteed by each Guarantor, (b) the 
Trustee being satisfied that the interests of the Noteholders will not be materially 
prejudiced by the substitution and (c) certain other conditions set out in the Trust Deed 
being complied with.  
The Trustee may, without the consent of the Noteholders, agree with the Issuer and each 
Guarantor to the substitution in place of any Guarantor (or of any previous substitute

--- Page 124 ---
124 
 
under this Condition) as a guarantor under the Notes, the Coupons and the Trust Deed 
of another company, being a Holding Company of the Issuer or a Group Subsidiary, 
subject to (a) the substitute guarantor providing a guarantee on the same terms as the 
existing guarantee, (b) the Trustee being satisfied that the interests of the Noteholders 
will not be materially prejudiced by the substitution and (c) certain other conditions set out 
in the Trust Deed being complied with. 
In connection with the exercise by it of any of its trusts, powers, authorities and discretions 
(including, without limitation, any modification, waiver, authorisation, determination or 
substitution referred to above), the Trustee shall have regard to the general interests of 
the Noteholders as a class (but shall not have regard to any interests arising from 
circumstances particular to individual Noteholders (whatever their number) and, in 
particular but without limitation, shall not have regard to the consequences of any such 
exercise for individual Noteholders (whatever their number) resulting from their being for 
any purpose domiciled or resident in, or otherwise connected with, or subject to the 
jurisdiction of, any particular territory or any political sub-division thereof and the Trustee 
shall not be entitled to require, nor shall any Noteholder be entitled to claim, from the 
Issuer, any Guarantor (where applicable) the Trustee or any other person any 
indemnification or payment in respect of any tax consequences of any such exercise upon 
individual Noteholders, except to the extent already provided for in Condition 9 (Taxation) 
and/or any undertaking or covenant given in addition to, or in substitution for, Condition 9 
(Taxation) pursuant to the Trust Deed. 
17. 
INDEMNIFICATION OF THE TRUSTEE AND TRUSTEE CONTRACTING WITH THE 
ISSUER AND ANY GUARANTOR 
The Trust Deed contains provisions for the indemnification of the Trustee and for its relief 
from responsibility, including provisions relieving it from taking action unless indemnified 
and/or secured and/or pre-funded to its satisfaction.  
The Trust Deed also contains provisions pursuant to which the Trustee is entitled, inter 
alia, (a) to enter into business transactions with  the Issuer, any Guarantor and/or any of 
their Subsidiaries and to act as trustee for the holders of any other securities issued or 
guaranteed by, or relating to, the Issuer, any Guarantor and/or any of their Subsidiaries, 
(b) to exercise and enforce its rights, comply with its obligations and perform its duties 
under or in relation to any such transactions or, as the case may be, any such trusteeship 
without regard to the interests of, or consequences for, the Noteholders or Couponholders 
and (c) to retain and not be liable to account for any profit made or any other amount or 
benefit received thereby or in connection therewith. 
18. 
FURTHER ISSUES 
The Issuer shall be at liberty from time to time without the consent of the Noteholders or 
the Couponholders to create and issue further notes (whether in bearer or registered 
form) having terms and conditions the same as the Notes or the same in all respects save 
for the amount, the issue price and the date of the first payment of interest thereon and 
so that the same shall be consolidated and form a single Series with the outstanding 
Notes.

--- Page 125 ---
125 
 
19. 
CONTRACTS (RIGHTS OF THIRD PARTIES) ACT 1999 
No person shall have any right to enforce any term or condition of this Note under the 
Contracts (Rights of Third Parties) Act 1999, but this does not affect any right or remedy 
of any person which exists or is available apart from that Act. 
20. 
GOVERNING LAW AND JURISDICTION 
20.1 
Governing law 
The Trust Deed, the Agency Agreement, the Notes, the Coupons and any non-contractual 
obligations arising out of or in connection with the Trust Deed, the Agency Agreement, 
the Notes and the Coupons are governed by, and construed in accordance with, English 
law. 
20.2 
Jurisdiction 
For the exclusive benefit of the Trustee, the Noteholders and the Couponholders, each of 
the Issuer and each Guarantor has in the Trust Deed has irrevocably agreed that the 
courts of England are to have jurisdiction to settle any disputes which may arise out of or 
in connection with the Trust Deed, the Notes and/or the Coupons (including a dispute 
relating to any non-contractual obligations arising out of or in connection with the Trust 
Deed, the Notes and/or the Coupons) and that accordingly any suit, action or proceeding 
(together referred to as "Proceedings") arising out of or in connection with the Trust 
Deed, the Notes and/or the Coupons may be brought in such courts. To the extent allowed 
by law, nothing contained in these Conditions shall limit the right of the Trustee, the 
Noteholders and the Couponholders to take Proceedings in any other court or competent 
jurisdiction, nor shall the taking of Proceedings in one or more jurisdictions preclude the 
taking of Proceedings in any other jurisdiction (whether concurrently or not). 
20.3 
Service of process 
DS Smith Ireland appoints DS Smith Plc at its registered office at 7th Floor, 350 Euston 
Road, London NW1 3AX, United Kingdom as its agent for service of process and agrees 
that, in the event of DS Smith Plc ceasing so to act or ceasing to be registered in England, 
it will appoint another person as its agent for service of process in England in respect of 
any Proceedings. Nothing in these Conditions shall affect the right to serve process in 
any other manner permitted by law.

--- Page 126 ---
126 
 
USE OF PROCEEDS 
Unless (i) otherwise specified in the relevant Final Terms or (ii) the relevant Final Terms specifies 
the relevant Series of Notes as being “Green Bonds", the net proceeds from each issue of Notes 
will be applied by the relevant Issuer for its general corporate purposes, including, without 
limitation, the refinancing of outstanding indebtedness.  
Green Bonds 
If the relevant Final Terms specifies that a Series of Notes are “Green Bonds” then the relevant 
Issuer will use an amount equal to the net proceeds of the issuance of the Notes to fund Eligible 
Activities in accordance with the Group’s green finance framework, which may be amended from 
time to time at the sole discretion of the Group (the “Framework”). As at the date of this 
Prospectus, 
the 
Framework 
is 
available 
on 
the 
following 
webpage: 
https://www.dssmith.com/investors/investor-information/debt-investors/. 
Investors in such Notes should have regard to the risk factor described in the section headed "In 
respect of any Notes issued as Green Bonds, there can be no assurance that the use of an 
amount equal to such proceeds will be suitable for the investment criteria of investors". 
Within the current Framework, the Group has set out its intention to track the allocation of such 
proceeds via its internal information systems, and report annually (or until full allocation) on the 
allocation of the proceeds of Green Bonds. The Group also intends to request a third party audit 
on the allocation of such proceeds annually (or until full allocation). 
In connection with the Framework, the Group appointed ISS Corporate Solutions, a provider of 
environmental, social and governance research and analysis, to evaluate the Framework and the 
alignment thereof with relevant market standards, including confirming the alignment of the 
Framework with the International Capital Market Association's Green Bond Principles, and to 
provide its views on how impactful and credible the Framework is (the “Second Party Opinion”). 
As at the date of this Prospectus, the Second Party Opinion (which is dated 11 April 2022) is 
available 
on 
the 
following 
webpage: 
https://www.dssmith.com/investors/investor-
information/debt-investors. 
For the avoidance of doubt, none of the Framework, the Second Party Opinion, any progress 
reports, any pre-issuance verification reports, any post-issuance limited assurance statements or 
any related opinions are, nor shall they be deemed to be, incorporated in, and/or form part of, this 
Prospectus.

--- Page 127 ---
127 
 
DESCRIPTION OF DS SMITH PLC AND DS SMITH IRELAND 
GENERAL 
DS Smith Plc (“DS Smith” or the “Company”), was incorporated and registered in England and 
Wales on 7 July 1978 under the Companies Acts 1948 to 1976 as a private company limited by 
shares with the name David S. Smith (Packaging) Limited and registered number 01377658. Its 
name was changed to David S. Smith (Holdings) Limited on 11 August 1978. On 28 June 1982, 
the Company re-registered as a public company limited by shares with the name David S. Smith 
(Holdings) Public Limited Company. The Company listed on the London Stock Exchange on 
3 March 1986. Its name was subsequently changed to DS Smith Plc on 17 September 2001.  
The principal legislation under which the Company operates is the United Kingdom Companies 
Act 2006 (the “Act”) and the regulations made under the Act. DS Smith is domiciled in the United 
Kingdom. Its registered and head office is at 350 Euston Road, London NW1 3AX. The 
Company’s telephone number is +44 (0)20 7756 1800.  
DS Smith is the holding company of the Group. DS Smith and its consolidated subsidiaries are 
herein referred to as the “Group”. 
The market capitalisation of the Company at the close of business on 10 August 2022 was £4,114 
million. 
DS Smith Ireland Treasury Designated Activity Company (“DS Smith Ireland”) was incorporated 
and registered in Ireland on 4 January 2022. The principal legislation under which DS Smith 
Ireland operates is the Companies Act 2014 of Ireland. Its registered office and head office are 
both located at 10 Ely Place, Dublin 2, D02 HR98, Ireland. DS Smith Ireland’s telephone number 
is +353 (0)1 224 1081. 
DS Smith Ireland is a wholly-owned, indirect finance subsidiary of DS Smith and its principal 
activity is to provide financing to the Group. The authorised share capital of DS Smith Ireland is 
€2,000,000 divided into 2,000,000 ordinary shares of €1.00 each (the “Shares”). DS Smith Ireland 
has issued 102 Shares which are fully paid up. 
Goodbody Secretarial Limited provides secretarial services to DS Smith Ireland. 
The financial year of DS Smith Ireland ends on 30 April in each year. DS Smith Ireland’s first 
financial statements will be published after 30 April 2023, the end of the company’s first reporting 
period. For audited financial information of DS Smith Ireland Treasury Designated Activity 
Company, see the Annex to this Prospectus, “Financial Information of DS Smith Ireland Treasury 
Designated Activity Company”.

--- Page 128 ---
128 
 
OVERVIEW 
DS Smith is the holding company of the Group. DS Smith Ireland is a newly incorporated, wholly-
owned, indirect finance subsidiary of DS Smith and its principal activity is to provide financing to 
the Group. 
The Group is a leading supplier of innovative, sustainable packaging solutions, employing around 
30,000 people in more than 30 countries as at 30 April 2022.  
The Group’s principal activity is designing and manufacturing corrugated packaging. In order to 
support its packaging business, the Group has a recycling business that collects used paper and 
corrugated cardboard, from which the Group’s paper manufacturing facilities make the CCM used 
in corrugated packaging.  
The Group is one of the leading corrugated packaging businesses in Europe by volume.  
In FY 2022, the Group achieved aggregate revenues of £7,241 million (FY 2021: £5,976 million) 
and an adjusted operating profit of £616 million (FY 2021: £502 million) (before amortisation, 
acquisitions and disposals).  
BUSINESS ACTIVITIES 
The Group primarily operates in the packaging, recycling and paper markets. 
The Group’s business activities in these markets are organised into four regional packaging 
operating divisions supported by the vertically integrated paper and recycling businesses. 
Information on each operating division is set out in the section “Business Divisions” below. 
Packaging 
The Group’s packaging business designs and manufactures corrugated packaging for customers 
across Europe and North America with approximately 25,000 employees as at 30 April 2022. The 
Group’s product range encompasses retail and shelf ready packaging, transit cases, consumer 
boxes, corrugated packs printed for gift and point of sale displays, and heavy duty industrial 
products. The Group complements its packaging business by providing consultancy services 
including supply chain audit and creative design. 
The Group’s international network of manufacturing plants services thousands of customers, 
selling approximately 9.3 billion m2 (FY 2021: 8.8 billion m2) of corrugated board in FY 2022. 
The market for corrugated packaging is fragmented with a large number of local suppliers. Due 
to the bulky nature of corrugated packaging and the customer requirements for short lead times, 
it is typically transported no further than 200km. In the context of a fragmented industry, the Group 
is able to offer its customers a pan-European solution for their packaging needs using its 
extensive network of manufacturing sites across Europe. 
The Group’s packaging business also invests in research and development. The Group has a 
network of PackRight and Impact Centres operating across Europe and North America. The 
benefit and costs of these centres are shared across the business which enables the Group to

--- Page 129 ---
129 
 
offer a high standard of product while maintaining competitive pricing. The Group aims to 
stimulate sales through offering innovative products that solve the packaging needs of its 
customers. 
The Group’s focus on innovation, in particular performance packaging, enables it to deliver 
packaging solutions with the performance qualities that its customers require, while using smart 
design to reduce the cost of materials used. This focus on driving innovation and design expertise 
decreases the commoditisation of its packaging products. The Group focuses on customer 
engagement to ensure that innovation activities remain aligned to future customer needs and 
purchasing requirements. The aim of any innovation or piece of sophisticated design is either (i) 
to reduce costs for manufacturers and retailers as and when products are produced, shipped and 
stored, or (ii) to improve the appeal and functionality of the packaging as it appears to end-
customers when displayed on a shelf. Packaging can be designed to improve its impact when 
displaying products on-shelf through the use of print for marketing messages, and through 
designs that make the produce easy for consumers to access. The Group has developed 
“Made2fit”®, an innovation to tackle the e-commerce challenge of void space. Creating the right-
sized pack lowers costs for e-retailers by reducing both operational and shipping cost, saving 
storage space, reducing labour costs and order administration and significantly cutting assembly 
and packing times. It also reduces product movement, helping to reduce damage and hence the 
rate of product returns. The resulting process helps customers prepare for omni-channel retailing, 
i.e. packaging that can be used in any retail environment. 
Recycling 
The Group’s recycling business operates across Europe and North America with approximately 
1,000 employees as at 30 April 2022. The collection of OCC and other used fibre is part of the 
waste and recycling industry. The Group is the market leading fibre recycling and waste 
management company and one of Europe’s leading paper recyclers, managing approximately 
6.2 million tonnes annually. 
The Group’s recycling business sources used paper and OCC direct from retailers, 
manufacturers, local authorities and other recycling and waste management companies. It is 
primarily used by its own paper mills to make recycled paper, with the remainder sold to other 
paper manufacturers or traders. In addition, the Group offers a range of other services, such as 
recycling and environmental audits and consultancy to help customers manage their materials 
most efficiently, with the aim of achieving zero waste. The Group’s recycling business supports 
its paper operations by providing the fibre required, with a consistent and well defined quality, 
which in turn enables its paper mills to produce paper with precisely the performance 
characteristics required by the packaging business. The recycling business also supports the 
Group’s corrugated packaging business by helping retailers get best value from their used 
corrugated material, encouraging the use of corrugated packaging over other packaging 
materials. 
Paper 
The Group is a leading European manufacturer of recycled CCM and specialty papers (Source: 
RISI data report 2020). The Group offers security of supply, expert technical support and a 
commitment to using sustainable materials, processes and relationships.

--- Page 130 ---
130 
 
The Group’s paper business operates in 11 different countries with approximately 4,000 
employees as at 30 April 2022. The paper business comprises 13 CCM paper mills, 11 in Europe 
and two in the US. Of those, two are kraft liner (virgin paper) mills (one in the United States and 
one in Europe) and the remainder are principally dedicated to the production of recycled CCM 
(testliner) (as at 30 April 2022). It also has two small mills in Europe producing specialist paper 
grades.  
In FY 2022, the Group produced approximately 4.5 million tonnes of CCM. The majority of the 
Group’s products are supplied to the Group’s packaging operations for conversion into corrugated 
board and boxes. The Group also manufactures other paper grades such as core board and 
plasterboard liner, which are sold outside the Group to specialist paper producers in a number of 
specialist markets including construction, printing, food manufacturing, stationery and education. 
All of the Group’s fibre-based products are made from recycled or chain of custody certified fibres 
which are 100 per cent. recyclable. 
BUSINESS DIVISIONS 
The Group’s packaging, recycling and paper businesses operate in four geographical segments: 
(i) 
Northern Europe; 
(ii) 
Southern Europe; 
(iii) 
Eastern Europe; and 
(iv) 
North America. 
DS Smith Plc has an indirect non-controlling minority interest in a joint venture located in Ukraine, 
Private Joint Stock Company “RUBEZHNOYE CARDBOARD & PACKAGE MILL” (“RKTK”). Due 
to the invasion and ongoing impact on the business in Ukraine, the investment in RKTK has been 
fully impaired. RKTK in turn has a small Russian subsidiary, Joint Stock Company Packaging 
Kuban (“Kuban”), which is managed separately. The Group does not have any directors 
appointed to the board of directors of Kuban, nor does the Group provide financing to Kuban. In 
addition, there is no ongoing trading relationship between the Group and Kuban. Kuban has an 
existing banking relationship with Public Joint-Stock Company Sberbank of Russia ("Sberbank") 
and as at the date of this Prospectus, Sberbank is subject to various sanctions imposed by the 
UK, European Union and United States authorities. The Group also has a subsidiary (Total 
Marketing Support Moscow, LLC) which is incorporated in Russia, but which has not traded since 
2018. The Group also has offices in India and China, where it offers sourcing and consultancy 
services, and a packaging sales site in Morocco.  
Northern Europe 
† For an explanation on the components and calculation of this APM, see pages 178 to 181 of the 2022 Annual Report 
(incorporated by reference). 
 
FY 2022 
FY 2021 
Revenue – £m 
2,790 
2,370 
Adjusted operating profit – £m 
139† 
138† 
Return on sales – per cent. 
5.0† 
5.8†

--- Page 131 ---
131 
 
In FY 2022, the Northern Europe division saw good corrugated box volume growth in Germany 
and Benelux offset by declines in the UK where there was a particularly strong comparator 
following the strong e-commerce related growth during the pandemic. 
Revenues have increased by 21 per cent. (on a constant currency basis) in the region due to a 
combination of the increases in corrugated box volumes and pricing and the increased sales 
prices for externally sold paper, recycled fibre and energy. Adjusted operating profit grew 5 per 
cent. (on a constant currency basis), reflecting the increased pricing in packaging, recycling and 
external paper sales more than offsetting increased input costs, principally OCC and energy. 
Return on sales reduced by 80 basis points, reflecting the greater impact of lower margin external 
recycled fibre sales, together with greater cost inflation than other regions.  
Southern Europe  
† For an explanation on the components and calculation of this APM, see pages 178 to 181 of the 2022 Annual Report 
(incorporated by reference). 
Southern Europe saw very strong growth in volumes driven by Iberia in particular, which had been 
significantly impacted by reduced tourism in FY 2020/21.  
Revenue grew by 33 per cent. (on a constant currency basis), due to the impact of higher box 
volumes and increases in both box and paper pricing. Adjusted operating profit grew by 53 per 
cent. (on a constant currency basis) compared to the prior period, with the packaging operations 
benefitting from the pass through of higher paper prices, together with a very positive impact from 
paper sold externally. Return on sales improved by 150 basis points reflecting the strong 
improvement in operating profit.  
Since the acquisition of Europac in 2019, the region has grown its profitability significantly, with 
Europac contributing not only to the improved profit and margin growth in the region but also the 
overall strength of the Group’s security of supply of paper. In FY 2021/22, the return on invested 
capital from the acquisition was 12 per cent., in line with the target of being in the ROACE target 
range of 12 to 15 per cent. in the third full year of ownership. 
 
FY 2022 
FY 2021 
Revenue – £m 
2,736 
2,156 
Adjusted operating 
profit – £m 
324† 
223† 
Return on sales – 
per cent. 
11.8† 
10.3†

--- Page 132 ---
132 
 
Eastern Europe  
† For an explanation on the components and calculation of this APM, see pages 178 to 181 of the 2022 Annual Report 
(incorporated by reference). 
Organic corrugated box volumes in Eastern Europe have grown the fastest within Europe and 
well across the whole region, reflecting the business mix and comparative performance in the 
prior year.  
Revenues grew 30 per cent. (on a constant currency basis), principally reflecting increases in 
corrugated box volumes and pricing. Adjusted operating profits were flat, reflecting the timing lag 
in the recovery of higher paper prices through increased packaging pricing. The region has the 
lowest proportion of paper capacity relative to packaging production within the regions in the 
Group, which impacts its margin in the short term via the increased paper costs. 
North America 
† For an explanation on the components and calculation of this APM, see pages 178 to 181 of the 2022 Annual Report 
(incorporated by reference). 
Packaging volumes in the region have continued to see the strongest increases within the Group, 
reflecting continued excellent customer traction with growth across a number of packaging sites 
and the increasing utilisation of the box plant in Indiana. Full utilisation is expected to be 
completed on plan in FY 2022/23. 
Revenues increased by 14 per cent. (on a constant currency basis), principally reflecting the 
packaging volume and pricing growth and the increase in export paper prices more than offsetting 
reduced volumes in external paper sales. Adjusted operating profit grew by 31 per cent. (on a 
constant currency basis), reflecting the improvement in paper and packaging pricing, resulting in 
a 180 basis point increase in return on sales to 13.4 per cent., the highest region within the Group. 
 
FY 2022 
FY 2021 
Revenue – £m 
1,118 
909 
Adjusted operating 
profit – £m 
73† 
78† 
Return on sales – 
per cent. 
6.5† 
8.6† 
 
FY 2022 
FY 2021 
Revenue – £m 
597 
541 
Adjusted operating 
profit– £m 
80† 
63† 
Return on sales – 
per cent. 
13.4† 
11.6†

--- Page 133 ---
133 
 
   
BUSINESS STRATEGY AND STRENGTHS 
Strategic Goals 
The Group’s purpose is to redefine packaging for a changing world with the aim of becoming the 
leading supplier of sustainable packaging solutions. It delivers its purpose by developing the right 
strategies, thinking differently, innovating together and putting sustainability at the heart of what it 
does. 
The Group’s goal is to deliver growth through offering a comprehensive consumer service, high 
quality products and innovative and environmental solutions to its customers. To build a 
successful and sustainable business model that consistently delivers returns on capital above its 
cost of capital the Group focuses on the following four main strategic goals: 
• 
To delight its customers by delivering on its commitments for quality and service, 
providing value-adding packaging solutions, and driving innovation on an international 
basis; 
• 
To realise the potential of its people by ensuring the health, safety and wellbeing of all 
employees and creating a working environment where people feel proud, engaged, 
included and developed to perform their best; 
• 
To lead the way in sustainability by closing the loop through design, reducing waste 
and pollution through circular solutions, equipping people to lead the transition to a 
circular economy, and protecting natural resources by making the most of every fibre; 
and 
• 
To double its size and profitability by being well positioned in developed markets, 
working with major global FMCG brands, driving market share gains and investing behind 
fundamental growth drivers. 
To delight its customers 
Through its expertise from design to production and supply to recycling, the Group offers high 
quality, innovative solutions to satisfy the whole of the customer’s packaging needs. The Group’s 
scale gives it a commercial advantage and allows it to deliver a high quality of service sustainably. 
The Group works with its customers to analyse where packaging interacts with their activities and 
considers how it might be optimised. This involves analysing the customer’s requirements for the 
packaging in terms of physical performance across the supply chain, and designing suitable 
packaging based on that specification. The Group’s paper business works in close collaboration 
with the packaging business to develop high performance paper that best suits the needs of the 
packaging designers and the manufacturing process. The Group also works with its customers 
and supplies insights on how packaging can maximise the customer’s sales by optimising 
availability within store, through brand visibility and ease of use. The Group describes this 
approach as “Supply Cycle Thinking” which provides a unified approach for each area of its 
business and touches all parts of its customer’s operations. This approach is designed to remove 
complexity from and simplify its customers’ supply chains and enables the Group to become a 
strategic partner to its customers. The Group continually strives to innovate and provide unique

--- Page 134 ---
134 
 
packaging solutions to its clients, as discussed above (see “Business Activities – Packaging” 
above). By offering innovative packaging solutions that help the customer sell more of its 
products, cut its costs and carbon footprint, the Group aims to maintain and build its competitive 
position. 
The Group is committed to continually improving its standard of service, which is measured 
internally by the proportion of customer orders fulfilled on time, in full and across all its businesses. 
This is one of the Group’s KPIs on the basis that packaging is an essential part of the supply 
chain, and delivering as promised is a critical component to ensuring the Group remains a trusted 
partner to customers. The current medium term target is 97 per cent. of all orders fulfilled on time, 
in full. During FY 2022, 94 per cent. (FY 2021: 95 per cent.) of all orders were fulfilled on time, in 
full. 
To realise the potential of its people  
The Group is committed to creating a working environment where its employees are proud and 
able to do their best. Through the Group employee engagement and culture change programme 
“OWN IT!”, employees are encouraged to ‘own’ and take responsibility for their individual role in 
the delivery of the Group’s strategy and values. This programme also reflects the Group’s long 
term plan to develop a common culture based on the following values: be caring, be challenging, 
be trusted, be responsive, and be tenacious. The Group places great importance on listening to 
its employees’ collective voice and giving employees the opportunity to raise the issues that 
matter to them. 
In 2021 the Group refreshed and consolidated its employee health and wellbeing strategy in light 
of Covid-19 restrictions and lockdowns, incorporating best practice from internal and external 
benchmarking. The new framework focuses on encouraging everyone to champion health and 
wellbeing, providing knowledge and information to empower people to take ownership of their 
wellbeing, engaging employees to work together collaboratively to improve wellbeing, and 
providing best practice tools to motivate healthy people and workplaces. 
The safety of its employees remains a cornerstone of the Group’s business. The Group is 
committed to achieving a zero accident culture to reduce the frequency and severity of accidents 
across the business and the amount of employee lost time resulting from accidents. For FY 2022, 
the Group reduced the accident frequency rate to 1.91 per cent. from 2.06 per cent. in FY 2021. 
266 of the Group’s locations achieved zero lost time accidents (“LTAs”) in 2021/22. Overall, the 
Group has reduced its LTA rates and accident frequency rates. 
To lead the way in sustainability 
The Group puts sustainability at the heart of its decision making and is committed to conducting 
its business in an environmentally responsible manner. Its principal product of corrugated 
packaging is made from recycled material and is itself fully recyclable. The recycling business 
sources used paper and OCC directly from retailers, manufacturers, local authorities and other 
recycling and waste management companies. The used paper and OCC are primarily used by 
the Group’s own paper mills to make recycled paper, with any excess being sold outside the 
Group. The recycling business works with customers across Europe to improve their recycling 
operations and overall environmental performance.

--- Page 135 ---
135 
 
The Group works closely with its customers to reduce the carbon footprint of the packaging they 
use and help them reduce the carbon footprint of their products by ensuring the right packaging 
solution is provided. Customers increasingly demand environmentally responsible products that 
reduce costs. The Group gives consideration to the cost and carbon impact of the whole supply 
cycle, taking into account the demands of the packing line, loading, transport, distribution, 
warehousing and delivery to the customer’s store, as well as the consumer experience in store. 
The Group optimises the materials used in each packaging solution in order to achieve the best 
outcomes at each stage in the supply cycle, thus minimising the overall environmental impacts.  
In 2021, the Group achieved its target to train 100 per cent. of its designers on the circular 
economy, ensuring designers are skilled in building circularity into packaging design. By 2030 the 
Group aims to enable the circular economy by replacing problem plastics, reducing value chain 
emissions and eliminating consumer packaging waste. Further, in 2021, the Group committed to 
investing £100 million in research and development over five years in part to accelerate work in 
respect of the circular economy and plastic replacement. In order to drive carbon reduction, in 
January 2022 the Group committed to align its global operations to a 1.5°C scenario as set out in 
the Paris Agreement and aligned with the Science Based Target Initiative as well as to net zero 
CO2 emissions by 2050. To achieve this, the Group is committing to reducing its Scope 1, 2 and 
3 Green House Gas (“GHG”) emissions by 46 per cent. on an absolute basis by 2030 compared 
to 2019 levels. In FY 2022, the Group has delivered a 29 per cent. reduction in carbon dioxide  
equivalents (“CO2e”) per tonne of production since 2015. 
To double its size and profitability 
The Group focuses on building a resilient and sustainable business model, winning market share 
in existing markets and expanding into new markets. To measure its performance the Group has 
set itself the following medium term targets: 
1. 
Corrugated Volume Growth (volume of corrugated box products sold (excluding 
the effect of acquisitions and disposals) measured by area) 
The Group has a target of corrugated volume growth of GDP +1 per cent., which equated to 9.0 
per cent. for FY 2022 (Source: Eurostat (17 May 2022)). This target was particularly volatile due 
to Covid-19, with major declines seen in the comparative period beforehand and hence a stronger 
bounce back post pandemic. Corrugated packaging volumes grew by 5.4 per cent. in FY 2022 
(FY 2021: 3.5 per cent.), and were therefore below target. Notwithstanding this, over the two year 
period of FY 2021 and FY 2022, the average of GDP +1 per cent. was 1.6 per cent., and the 
compound average box volume growth over the same period was 4 per cent.   
2. 
Return on Sales (earnings before interest, tax, amortisation and adjusting items as 
a percentage of revenue)2 
The margin the Group achieves is a reflection of the value it delivers to its customers and the 
ability to charge for that value and also reflects the scale of the business. The Group set a 
                                                     
2 For an explanation on the components and calculation of this APM, see pages 178 to 181 of the 2022 Annual Report 
(incorporated by reference).

--- Page 136 ---
136 
 
medium-term target of achieving a margin of 10-12 per cent. of earnings before interest, tax 
amortisation and adjusting items as a percentage of revenue. 
For FY 2022 the Group achieved a return on sales of 8.5 per cent. (FY 2021: 8.4 per cent.).  
3. 
Return on average capital employed (“ROACE”) (earnings before interest, tax, 
amortisation and adjusting items as a percentage of average capital employed, 
including goodwill, over the prior 12 month period)3 
ROACE is the Group’s key internal measure of financial success and sustainability. ROACE 
above the cost of capital indicates that a business is able to pay for its capital expenditure, service 
its debt and deliver acceptable returns to equity holders. The Group’s target is 12-15 per cent. 
ROACE. 
For FY 2022 ROACE was 10.8 per cent. compared to 8.2 per cent. for FY 2021, reflecting the 
improvement in adjusted operating profit. The improving trend in profitability combined with the 
improving returns from recent acquisitions and investments means ROACE was 12.1 per cent. 
for the second six months of FY 2022. 
4. 
Net debt/EBITDA (Net debt calculated at average FX rates for the year, over 
earnings before interest, tax, depreciation, amortisation and adjusting items for the 
preceding 12 month period)4 
Net debt/EBITDA is a key measure of balance sheet strength and financial stability. A target ratio 
of two times or lower has been set. 
For FY 2022 net debt/EBITDA reduced by £311 million to £1,484 million and was 1.6 times 
compared with 2.2 times for FY 2021. The improvement in the leverage ratio of net debt/EBITDA 
was driven by the continued reduction in net debt, together with increasing profitability. 
5. 
Cash conversion (free cash flow before tax, net interest, growth capex, pension 
payments and adjusting items as a percentage of earnings before interest, tax, 
amortisation and adjusting items)5 
For FY 2022 cash conversion (free cash flow before tax, net interest, growth capex, pension 
payments and adjusting items as a percentage of earnings before interest, tax, amortisation and 
adjusting items) was 142 per cent. (compared to 150 per cent. for FY 2021). This was in line with 
the Group’s target and was driven by higher cash inflows from operating activities. The Group’s 
target for cash conversion is being at or above 100 per cent.  
Certain financial measures set out above are considered by the Group as key performance 
indicators and an effective means of evaluating the Group’s operating performance. Certain of 
                                                     
3 For an explanation on the components and calculation of this APM, see pages 178 to 181 of the 2022 Annual Report 
(incorporated by reference). 
4 For an explanation on the components and calculation of this APM, see pages 178 to 181 of the 2022 Annual Report 
(incorporated by reference). 
5 For an explanation on the components and calculation of this APM, see pages 178 to 181 of the 2022 Annual Report 
(incorporated by reference).

--- Page 137 ---
137 
 
these financial measures are not defined under IFRS and should not be considered as substitutes 
for the information contained in the Group’s consolidated financial statements. 
Sustainability is at the centre of the Group’s business model, meaning that not only is its product 
fully recyclable, but that its financial performance consistently delivers returns on capital above 
its cost of capital which is why ROACE is the Group’s most important key performance indicator 
(as described above). The Group aims to make the business more efficient and to take advantage 
of a range of commercial opportunities that are open to its pan-European business and it expects 
the benefits of this work to underpin future growth. The recycling and packaging businesses 
deliver higher returns on capital on a more consistent basis than the manufacture of paper and 
therefore it is part of the Group’s strategy to be a net purchaser of paper rather than produce all 
of the paper the Group requires in the manufacture of its corrugated packaging materials. 
The Group continues to see three key structural growth drivers: (i) e-commerce; (ii) the drive for 
sustainable solutions to replace plastic packaging; and (iii) the requirement for more sophisticated 
packaging from retailers. The Group views this as a significant opportunity for fully recycled and 
recyclable corrugated packaging, including as a substitute for plastic packaging, an opportunity 
the Group is well positioned to maximise due to its scale and customer relationships. It is an area 
the Group has experienced a high level of customer engagement in respect of and it expects this 
trend to continue. The Group expects to maintain the development of alternative use solutions 
through continued close collaboration with customers and partners such as the Ellen MacArthur 
foundation. 
RECENT DEVELOPMENTS 
De Hoop paper mill disposal  
On 13 October 2021, the Group announced the completion of the sale of the De Hoop paper mill 
in the Netherlands to De Jong Packaging. The sale of this non-core paper mill, for cash 
consideration of €44 million, will support further enhancement of the Group’s packaging capacity, 
partially funding the new greenfield corrugated box plants in Italy and Poland and a significant 
expansion of the Arnstadt packaging facility in Germany.

--- Page 138 ---
BOARD OF DIRECTORS OF DS SMITH PLC AND DS SMITH IRELAND 
DS Smith Plc 
The functions of the directors of DS Smith Plc, each of whose business address is 350 Euston 
significant, are as follows: 
Road, London NW1 3AX, and their principal activities outside the Group, where these are 
Name 
Position 
the Group 
Principal activities outside 
Geoffrey Drabble 
Chair 
Non-executive chair of Ferguson plc 
and a non-executive director of 
Howden Joinery Group Plc 
Miles William Roberts 
Group Chief Executive 
None 
Adrian Ross Thomas 
Marsh 
Group Finance Director 
Non-executive director and chair of 
the audit committee of John Wood 
Group PLC  
Celia Frances Baxter 
Non-Executive Director 
Senior Independent Director and 
chair of the remuneration committee 
of Senior plc  
Alan Johnson 
Non-Executive Director 
Non-executive director of Imperial 
Brands plc and William Grant & Sons 
Holdings Limited. President and 
Chair of the Board of the 
International Federation of 
Accountants and chairs the audit 
committee of the International 
Valuation Standards Council. 
Alina Kessel 
Non–Executive Director 
Global Client Leader at WPP 
David Andrew Robbie 
Senior Independent 
Director 
Non-executive director of easyJet plc 
Louise Helen Smalley 
Non–Executive Director 
Non-executive director and 
remuneration committee chair of 
Informa PLC  
Rupert Christopher 
Soames 
Non-Executive Director 
Group Chief Executive Officer at 
Serco Group plc 
There are no other persons with directorship responsibilities within DS Smith Plc. 
There are no potential conflicts between any duties to DS Smith Plc in relation to the persons 
referred to above and their private interest and/or other duties. 
138

--- Page 139 ---
139 
 
DS Smith Ireland 
The functions of the directors of DS Smith Ireland, each of whose business address is 10 Ely 
Place, Dublin 2, D02 HR98, and their principal activities outside the Group, where these are 
significant, are as follows: 
 
Name 
Position 
Principal activities outside  
the Group 
Derek O’Reilly 
Director 
Director of Centralis Group 
Iain Robert Hackston 
Director 
CFO of Kleos Space S.A. 
Tony Vander Ghinst 
Director 
N/A 
John Carberry 
Director 
Director of Centralis Ireland Limited 
 
There are no other persons with directorship responsibilities within DS Smith Ireland.  
There are no potential conflicts between any duties to DS Smith Ireland in relation to the persons 
referred to above and their private interest and/or other duties.

--- Page 140 ---
140 
 
TAXATION 
UK Taxation 
The comments below are of a general nature and reflect the understanding of the Issuers of 
current United Kingdom tax law and current United Kingdom HM Revenue & Customs (“HMRC”) 
published practice (which may not be binding upon HMRC) at the date of this Prospectus (both 
of which may be subject to change, sometimes with retrospective effect). The comments are not 
intended to be exhaustive. The comments relate only to the position of persons who are the 
absolute beneficial owners of their Notes and Coupons and deal with United Kingdom withholding 
tax treatment on payments of interest in respect of the Notes. They do not address other United 
Kingdom taxation implications of acquiring, holding or disposing of Notes and Coupons and may 
not apply to certain classes of persons (such as dealers in securities) or where the interest on 
any such Note is deemed to be the income of any person other than the Noteholders for United 
Kingdom tax purposes. 
References to “interest” and “principal” in the below mean interest and principal as understood in 
the United Kingdom tax law. By way of example, certain redemption premiums could be treated 
as interest for these purposes. The statements below do not take any account of any different 
definitions of “interest” and “principal” which may prevail under any other law or which may be 
created by the terms and conditions of the Notes.  
The United Kingdom tax treatment of prospective Noteholders depends on their individual 
circumstances and may be subject to change in the future, possibly with retrospective 
effect. Prospective Noteholders who may be subject to tax in a jurisdiction other than the 
United Kingdom or who are unsure as to their tax position should seek their own 
professional advice. 
United Kingdom withholding tax on United Kingdom source interest  
Payments of interest on the Notes that have a United Kingdom source may be made without 
deduction of or withholding for or on account of United Kingdom income tax provided that the 
Notes carry a right to interest and are and continue to be listed on a “recognised stock exchange” 
(designated as such by HMRC) within the meaning of section 1005 of the UK Income Tax Act 
2007 (the “ITA 2007”) for the purposes of section 987 of the ITA 2007. The Luxembourg Stock 
Exchange is a recognised stock exchange. Securities will be treated as listed on the Luxembourg 
Stock Exchange if they are officially listed in Luxembourg in accordance with provisions 
corresponding to those generally applicable in EEA states and are admitted to trading on the 
regulated market of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange. Provided, therefore, that the Notes carry a 
right to interest and are and remain so listed, interest on the Notes that has a United Kingdom 
source will be payable without withholding or deduction for or on account of United Kingdom 
income tax.   
Alternatively, payments of interest on the Notes that have a United Kingdom source may be made 
without deduction of or withholding for or on account of United Kingdom income tax provided that 
the Notes carry a right to interest and are and continue to be admitted to trading on a multilateral 
trading facility operated by a regulated recognised stock exchange (within the meaning of section 
987 of the ITA 2007).

--- Page 141 ---
141 
 
Interest on the Notes that has a United Kingdom source may also be paid without withholding or 
deduction for or on account of United Kingdom income tax where the maturity of the Notes is less 
than 365 days and those Notes do not form part of a scheme or arrangement of borrowing 
intended to be, or capable, of remaining outstanding for more than 364 days. 
In other cases, and subject to the availability of another exemption, an amount must generally be 
withheld from payments of interest on the Notes that has a United Kingdom source on account of 
United Kingdom income tax at the basic rate (currently 20 per cent.). However, where an 
applicable double tax treaty provides for a lower rate of withholding tax (or for no tax to be 
withheld) in relation to a Noteholder, HMRC can (subject to the completion of relevant procedural 
formalities) issue a direction to the relevant Issuer to pay interest to the Noteholder without 
deduction of United Kingdom income tax (or for interest to be paid with tax deducted at the rate 
provided for in the relevant double tax treaty). 
Where Notes are issued at an issue price of less than 100 per cent. of their principal amount, any 
payments in respect of the accrued discount on such Notes should not be made subject to any 
withholding or deduction for or on account of United Kingdom income tax as long as they do not 
constitute payments in respect of interest that has a United Kingdom source.  
Where Notes are issued on terms that a premium is or may be payable on redemption, as 
opposed to being issued at a discount, then any such element of premium may constitute a 
payment of interest and, if so, the provisions described above relevant to interest will apply. 
Payments by a Guarantor 
The United Kingdom withholding tax treatment of payments by a Guarantor under the terms of a 
Guarantee which have a United Kingdom source is not certain. If a Guarantor makes any 
payments in respect of interest on the Notes or Coupons (or in respect of other amounts due 
under the Notes or Coupons other than the repayment of amounts subscribed for the Notes) 
which are regarded as having a United Kingdom source, such payments may be subject to United 
Kingdom withholding tax at the basic rate (currently 20 per cent.) subject to such relief as may be 
available under the provisions of any applicable double taxation treaty or to any other exemption 
which may apply. Such payments by a Guarantor may not be eligible for the exemptions from 
United Kingdom withholding tax described in “United Kingdom withholding tax on United Kingdom 
source interest” above.  
Luxembourg Taxation 
The following information is of a general nature only and is based on the laws presently in force 
in Luxembourg, though it is not intended to be, nor should it be construed to be, legal or tax 
advice. The information contained within this section is limited to Luxembourg withholding tax 
issues and prospective investors in the Notes should therefore consult their own professional 
advisers as to the effects of state, local or foreign laws, including Luxembourg tax law, to which 
they may be subject. 
Please be aware that the residence concept used under the respective headings below applies 
for Luxembourg income tax assessment purposes only. Any reference in the present section to a 
withholding tax or a tax of a similar nature, or to any other concepts, refers to Luxembourg tax 
law and/or concepts only.

--- Page 142 ---
142 
 
Withholding Tax 
(i) 
Non-resident holders of Notes 
Under Luxembourg general tax laws currently in force, there is no withholding tax on 
payments of principal, premium or interest made to non-resident holders of Notes, nor on 
accrued but unpaid interest in respect of the Notes, nor is any Luxembourg withholding 
tax payable upon redemption or repurchase of the Notes held by non-resident holders of 
Notes. 
(ii) 
Resident holders of Notes 
Under Luxembourg general tax laws currently in force and subject to the law of 
23 December 2005 as amended (the “Relibi Law”) mentioned below, there is no 
withholding tax on payments of principal, premium or interest made to Luxembourg 
resident holders of Notes, nor on accrued but unpaid interest in respect of Notes, nor is 
any Luxembourg withholding tax payable upon redemption or repurchase of Notes held 
by Luxembourg resident holders of Notes. 
Under the Relibi Law payments of interest or similar income made or ascribed by a paying 
agent established in Luxembourg to an individual beneficial owner who is a resident of 
Luxembourg or to a residual entity (within the meaning of the laws of 21 June 2005 
implementing Council Directive 2003/48/EC of 3 June 2003 on the taxation of savings 
income and ratifying the treaties entered into by Luxembourg and certain dependent and 
associated territories of EU Member States (the “Territories”), as amended or 
superseded) established in an EU Member State (other than Luxembourg) or one of the 
Territories and securing such payments for the benefit of such individual beneficial owner 
will be subject to a withholding tax of 20 per cent. Such withholding tax will be in full 
discharge of income tax if the beneficial owner is an individual acting in the course of the 
management of his/her private wealth. Responsibility for the withholding of the tax will be 
assumed by the Luxembourg paying agent. Accordingly, payments of interest under the 
Notes coming within the scope of the Relibi Law will be subject to a withholding tax at a 
rate of 20 per cent. 
Ireland Taxation  
The following is a summary based on the laws and practices currently in force in Ireland regarding 
the tax position of investors beneficially owning their Notes and should be treated with appropriate 
caution. Particular rules may apply to certain classes of taxpayers holding Notes issued by DS 
Smith Ireland.  The summary does not constitute tax or legal advice and the comments below are 
of a general nature only. Prospective investors in the Notes should consult their professional 
advisers on the tax implications of the purchase, holding, redemption or sale of the Notes and the 
receipt of interest thereon under the laws of their country of residence, citizenship or domicile.  
Withholding Tax  
In general, tax at the standard rate of income tax (currently 20 per cent.), is required to be withheld 
from payments of Irish source interest. However, an exemption from withholding tax may apply in 
certain instances as outlined below.

--- Page 143 ---
143 
 
(i)  
Listed Notes 
An exemption from withholding on interest payments exists under Section 64 of the Taxes 
Consolidation Act, 1997 (the “1997 Act”) for certain securities (“Quoted Eurobonds”) issued by 
a body corporate (such as DS Smith Ireland) which are interest bearing and quoted on a 
recognised stock exchange (which would include the Luxembourg Stock Exchange).  
Any interest paid on such Quoted Eurobonds can be paid free of withholding tax provided:  
(a) 
the person by or through whom the payment is made is not in Ireland; or  
(b) 
the payment is made by or through a person in Ireland, and either:  
(i) 
the Quoted Eurobond is held in a clearing system recognised by the Irish 
Revenue 
Commissioners 
(Euroclear, 
Clearstream 
Banking 
SA, 
Clearstream Banking AG, and DTC are so recognised); or  
(ii) 
the person who is the beneficial owner of the Quoted Eurobond and who 
is beneficially entitled to the interest is not resident in Ireland and has 
made a declaration to a relevant person (such as an Irish paying agent) 
in the prescribed form.  
So long as the Notes are listed on the Luxemburg Stock Exchange and are either held in Euroclear 
and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg or if not so held payments are made on the Notes through a 
paying agent not in Ireland, payments on the Notes can be paid by DS Smith Ireland and any 
paying agent acting on behalf of DS Smith Ireland without any withholding or deduction for or on 
account of Irish income tax.  
In certain circumstances Irish tax will be required to be withheld at the rate of 25 per cent. from 
interest on any quoted Eurobond where such interest is collected by a bank or other agent in 
Ireland on behalf of any Noteholder. There is an exemption from encashment tax where (i) the 
beneficial owner of the interest is not resident in Ireland and has made a declaration to this effect 
in the prescribed form to the encashment agent or bank or (ii) the beneficial owner of the interest 
is a company which is within the charge to Irish corporation tax in respect of the interest. 
(ii) 
Unlisted Notes 
DS Smith Ireland may issue Notes which are not quoted on the Luxembourg Stock Exchange or 
on another recognised stock exchange.  Payments of interest in respect of such Notes may be 
made without any deduction of Irish tax by DS Smith Ireland provided one of the following 
exemptions from each of Irish interest withholding tax and encashment tax is available: 
(a) 
no Irish interest withholding tax will be deducted by DS Smith Ireland on 
payments in respect of such Notes, if one of the following applies: 
(i) 
the Notes qualify for the “commercial paper” exemption (see below); or 
Notes will qualify as “commercial paper” if the relevant Notes mature 
within two years, recognise an obligation to pay a stated amount and 
carry a right to interest or are issued at a discount or at a premium.

--- Page 144 ---
144 
 
Where Notes qualify as “commercial paper”, an exemption from Irish 
interest withholding tax will be available on payments of interest in 
respect of such Notes where the Notes have a denomination of not less 
than €500,000 (or its currency equivalent) or U.S.$500,000 and the Notes 
are held in Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg (or another 
recognised clearing system).  Other exemptions for “commercial paper” 
may be available where holders of Notes provide certain specified 
information or declarations to DS Smith Ireland. 
(ii) 
interest on the Notes is not “yearly interest” (generally, interest on Notes 
would not be considered to be “yearly interest” if the Notes had a maturity 
of 364 days or less and there was no intention to extend the maturity of 
the Notes beyond 364 days); 
(b) 
no Irish encashment tax will be deducted, provided the Notes are not quoted on 
any recognised stock exchange. 
Other exemptions from Irish withholding tax may also be available in certain circumstances. For 
example, an exemption is available from Irish interest withholding tax where the holder of Notes 
is a company resident in an EU jurisdiction (other than Ireland) or in a jurisdiction with which 
Ireland has a double tax treaty, provided a number of conditions are satisfied. DS Smith Ireland 
must be satisfied the holder of Notes satisfies the conditions for exemption in order to apply an 
exemption. 
Relief from Irish income tax may also be available under specific provisions of a double tax treaty 
between Ireland and the country of residence of the recipient.

--- Page 145 ---
145 
 
SUBSCRIPTION AND SALE 
The Dealers have, in an amended and restated Programme Agreement (such Programme 
Agreement as amended and/or supplemented and/or restated from time to time, the “Programme 
Agreement”) dated 16 August 2022, agreed with the Issuers and the Guarantor a basis upon 
which they or any of them may from time to time agree to purchase Notes. Any such agreement 
will extend to those matters stated under “Form of the Notes” and “Terms and Conditions of the 
Notes”. In the Programme Agreement, the Issuers (failing which, the Guarantor) have agreed to 
reimburse the Dealers for certain of their expenses in connection with the establishment and any 
future update of the Programme and the issue of Notes under the Programme and to indemnify 
the Dealers against certain liabilities incurred by them in connection therewith. 
United States 
The Notes have not been and will not be registered under the Securities Act and may not be 
offered or sold within the United States or to, or for the account or benefit of, U.S. persons except 
in certain transactions exempt from the registration requirements of the Securities Act. Terms 
used in this paragraph have the meanings given to them by Regulation S under the Securities 
Act. 
Bearer Notes are subject to U.S. tax law requirements and may not be offered, sold or delivered 
within the United States or its possessions or to a United States person, except in certain 
transactions permitted by U.S. Treasury regulations. Terms used in this paragraph have the 
meanings given to them by the U.S. Internal Revenue Code of 1986 and Treasury regulations 
promulgated thereunder. The applicable Final Terms will identify whether TEFRA C rules or 
TEFRA D rules apply or whether TEFRA is not applicable. 
Each Dealer has represented and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the 
Programme will be required to represent and agree, that it will not offer, sell or deliver Notes (a) 
as part of their distribution at any time or (b) otherwise until 40 days after the completion of the 
distribution, as determined and certified by the relevant Dealer or, in the case of an issue of Notes 
on a syndicated basis, the relevant lead manager, of all Notes of the Tranche of which such Notes 
are a part, within the United States or to, or for the account or benefit of, U.S. persons. Each 
Dealer has further agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be 
required to agree, that it will send to each dealer to which it sells any Notes during the distribution 
compliance period a confirmation or other notice setting forth the restrictions on offers and sales 
of the Notes within the United States or to, or for the account or benefit of, U.S. persons. Terms 
used in this paragraph have the meanings given to them by Regulation S under the Securities 
Act. 
Until 40 days after the commencement of the offering of any Series of Notes, an offer or sale of 
such Notes within the United States by any dealer (whether or not participating in the offering) 
may violate the registration requirements of the Securities Act if such offer or sale is made 
otherwise than in accordance with an available exemption from registration under the Securities 
Act. 
Prohibition of sales to EEA Retail Investors 
Each Dealer has represented and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the 
Programme will be required to represent and agree, that it has not offered, sold or otherwise made

--- Page 146 ---
146 
 
available and will not offer, sell or otherwise make available any Notes which are the subject of 
the offering contemplated by this Prospectus as completed by the Final Terms in relation thereto 
to any retail investor in the EEA. For the purposes of this provision the expression “retail investor” 
means a person who is one (or more) of the following: 
(a) 
a retail client as defined in point (11) of Article 4(1) of MiFID II; or  
(b) 
a customer within the meaning of Directive (EU) 2016/97 (as amended or superseded, 
the “Insurance Distribution Directive”), where that customer would not qualify as a 
professional client as defined in point (10) of Article 4(1) of MiFID II.  
Prohibition of sales to UK Retail Investors 
Each Dealer has represented and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the 
Programme will be required to represent and agree, that it has not offered, sold or otherwise made 
available and will not offer, sell or otherwise make available any Notes which are the subject of 
the offering contemplated by this Prospectus as completed by the Final Terms in relation thereto 
to any retail investor in the UK. For the purposes of this provision the expression “retail investor” 
means a person who is one (or more) of the following: 
(a) 
a retail client as defined in point (8) of Article 2 of Regulation (EU) No 2017/565 as it forms 
part of UK domestic law by virtue of the EUWA; or 
(b) 
a customer within the meaning of the FSMA and any rules or regulations made under the 
FSMA to implement Directive (EU) 2016/97, where that customer would not qualify as a 
professional client as defined in point (8) of Article 2(1) of Regulation (EU) No 600/2014 
as it forms part of UK domestic law by virtue of the EUWA. 
United Kingdom 
Each Dealer has represented and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the 
Programme will be required to represent and agree, that: 
(a) 
in relation to any Notes which have a maturity of less than one year: 
(i) 
it is a person whose ordinary activities involve it in acquiring, holding, managing 
or disposing of investments (as principal or agent) for the purposes of its 
business; and  
(ii) 
it has not offered or sold and will not offer or sell any Notes other than to persons 
whose ordinary activities involve them acquiring, holding, managing or disposing 
of investments (as principal or as agent) for the purposes of their businesses, or 
who it is reasonable to expect will acquire, hold, manage or dispose of 
investments (as principal or agent) for the purposes of their businesses, where 
the issue of the Notes would otherwise constitute a contravention of Section 19 
of the FSMA by the relevant Issuer;  
(b) 
it has only communicated or caused to be communicated and will only communicate or 
cause to be communicated an invitation or inducement to engage in investment activity 
(within the meaning of Section 21 of the FSMA) received by it in connection with the issue

--- Page 147 ---
147 
 
or sale of any Notes in circumstances in which Section 21(1) of the FSMA does not apply 
to the relevant Issuer or (where DS Smith Ireland Treasury Designated Activity Company 
is the relevant Issuer) the Guarantor; and 
(c) 
it has complied and will comply with all applicable provisions of the FSMA with respect to 
anything done by it in relation to any Notes in, from or otherwise involving the United 
Kingdom. 
Japan 
The Notes have not been and will not be registered under the Financial Instruments and 
Exchange Act of Japan (Act No.25 of 1948, as amended) (the “FIEA”) and each Dealer has 
represented and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be required 
to represent and agree, that it will not offer or sell any Notes, directly or indirectly, in Japan or to, 
or for the benefit of, any resident of Japan (as defined under Item 5, Paragraph 1, Article 6 of the 
Foreign Exchange and Foreign Trade Act (Act No. 228 of 1949, as amended)), or to others for re-
offering or resale, directly or indirectly, in Japan or to, or for the benefit of, a resident of Japan, 
except pursuant to an exemption from the registration requirements of, and otherwise in 
compliance with, the FIEA and any other applicable laws, regulations and ministerial guidelines 
of Japan. 
Singapore 
Each Dealer has acknowledged, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be 
required to acknowledge, that this Prospectus has not been registered as a prospectus with the 
Monetary Authority of Singapore, and the Notes will be offered pursuant to exemptions under the 
Securities and Futures Act 2001 (2020 Revised Edition) of Singapore, as modified or amended 
from time to time (the “SFA”). Accordingly, each Dealer has represented, warranted and agreed 
and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be required to represent, warrant 
and agree that it has not offered or sold any Notes or caused such Notes to be made the subject 
of an invitation for subscription or purchase, and will not offer or sell such Notes or cause such 
Notes to be made the subject of an invitation for subscription or purchase, and has not circulated 
or distributed, nor will it circulate or distribute, this Prospectus or any other document or material 
in connection with the offer or sale, or invitation for subscription or purchase, of such Notes, 
whether directly or indirectly, to persons in Singapore other than (i) to an institutional investor (as 
defined in Section 4A of the SFA) pursuant to Section 274 of the SFA, (ii) to a relevant person (as 
defined in Section 275(2) of the SFA) pursuant to Section 275(1) of the SFA, or any person 
pursuant to Section 275(1A) of the SFA, and in accordance with the conditions specified in Section 
275, of the SFA, or (iii) otherwise pursuant to, and in accordance with the conditions of, any other 
applicable provision of the SFA. 
Where Notes are subscribed or purchased under Section 275 of the SFA by a relevant person 
which is: 
(a) 
a corporation (which is not an accredited investor (as defined in Section 4A of the SFA)) 
the sole business of which is to hold investments and the entire share capital of which is 
owned by one or more individuals, each of whom is an accredited investor; or

--- Page 148 ---
148 
 
(b) 
a trust (where the trustee is not an accredited investor) whose sole purpose is to hold 
investments and each beneficiary of the trust is an individual who is an accredited 
investor, 
securities or securities-based derivatives contracts (each term as defined in Section 2(1) of the 
SFA) of that corporation or the beneficiaries’ rights and interest (howsoever described) in that 
trust shall not be transferred within six months after that corporation or that trust has acquired the 
Notes pursuant to an offer made under Section 275 of the SFA, except: 
(c) 
to an institutional investor or to a relevant person or to any person arising from an offer 
referred to in Section 275(1A) or Section 276(4)(c)(ii) of the SFA; 
(d) 
where no consideration is or will be given for the transfer; 
(e) 
where the transfer is by operation of law; 
(f) 
as specified in Section 276(7) of the SFA; or 
(g) 
as specified in Regulation 37A of the Securities and Futures (Offer of Investments) 
(Securities and Securities-based Derivatives Contracts) Regulations 2018 of Singapore. 
Switzerland 
Each Dealer has represented and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the 
Programme will be required to represent and agree, that unless stated otherwise in the Final 
Terms, it will not, directly or indirectly, in or into Switzerland (i) offer, sell or advertise the Notes or; 
(ii) distribute or otherwise make available the Prospectus (including the Final Terms) or any other 
document relating to the Notes, in a way that would constitute a public offering within the meaning 
Article 35 of the Swiss Financial Services Act (the "FinSA") except under the following exemptions 
under the FinSA: (a) to any investor that qualifies as a professional client within the meaning of 
the FinSA; or (b) in any other circumstances falling within Article 36 of the FinSA, provided, in 
each case, that no such "public offer" of Notes referred to in (a) and (b) above shall require the 
publication of a prospectus for offers of Notes and/or a key information document ("KID") (or an 
equivalent document) pursuant to the FinSA. Unless stated otherwise in the Final Terms, neither 
the Prospectus nor any other document related to the Notes may be distributed or otherwise made 
available in Switzerland in a manner which would require the publication of a prospectus and/or 
a KID (or an equivalent document) in Switzerland pursuant to the FinSA. 
Republic of Ireland 
Each Dealer has represented and agreed (and each further Dealer appointed under the 
Programme will be required to further represent and agree) that: 
(a) 
it will not underwrite the issue of or place the Notes, otherwise than in conformity with the 
provisions of the European Union (Markets in Financial Instruments) Regulations 2017 
(S.I. No. 375 of 2017) (as amended), the provisions of the Investment Intermediaries Act 
1995 (as amended) and the provisions of the Investor Compensation Act 1998 (as 
amended) and they will conduct themselves in accordance with any codes and rules of 
conduct and any conditions and requirements and any other enactment, imposed or

--- Page 149 ---
149 
 
approved by the Central Bank of Ireland with respect to anything done by them in relation 
to the Notes; 
(b) 
it will not underwrite the issue of, or place, the Notes, otherwise than in conformity with 
the provisions of the Central Bank Acts 1942 to 2018 (as amended), the Companies Act 
2014 of Ireland (as amended) and any codes of conduct rules made under Section 117(1) 
of the Central Bank Act 1989 (as amended) of Ireland; 
(c) 
it will not underwrite the issue of, or place, or do anything in Ireland in respect of the Notes 
otherwise than in conformity with the provisions of the Prospectus Regulation (Regulation 
(EU) 2017/1129) (as amended), the European Union (Prospectus) Regulations 2019 (as 
amended), the Central Bank (Investment Market Conduct) Rules 2019 and any rules and 
guidance issued under Section 1363 of the Companies Act 2014 of Ireland (as amended), 
by the Central Bank of Ireland; and  
(d) 
it will not underwrite the issue of, place or otherwise act in Ireland in respect of the Notes, 
otherwise than in conformity with the provisions of the Market Abuse Regulation (EU 
596/2014) (as amended), the Market Abuse Directive on Criminal Sanctions for market 
abuse (Directive 2014/57/EU) (as amended), the European Union (Market Abuse) 
Regulations 2016 of Ireland (as amended) and any rules and guidance issued under 
Section 1370 of the Companies Act 2014 of Ireland (as amended) by the Central Bank of 
Ireland. 
General 
Each Dealer has agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be 
required to agree, that it will (to the best of its knowledge and belief) comply with all applicable 
securities laws and regulations in force in any jurisdiction in which it purchases, offers, sells or 
delivers Notes or possesses or distributes this Prospectus, and will obtain any consent, approval 
or permission required by it for the purchase, offer, sale or delivery by it of Notes under the laws 
and regulations in force in any jurisdiction to which it is subject or in which it makes such 
purchases, offers, sales or deliveries, and neither the Issuer, the Trustee nor any of the other 
Dealers shall have any responsibility therefor. 
None of the Issuers, the Guarantor (where applicable), the Trustee and the Dealers represents 
that Notes may at any time lawfully be sold in compliance with any applicable registration or other 
requirements in any jurisdiction, or pursuant to any exemption available thereunder, or assumes 
any responsibility for facilitating such sale.

--- Page 150 ---
150 
 
GENERAL INFORMATION 
Authorisation 
The establishment of the Programme and the issue of Notes have been duly authorised by a 
resolution of the Board of Directors of DS Smith Plc dated 20 January 2015 and by a resolution 
of a duly authorised committee of the Board of Directors of DS Smith Plc dated 25 February 2015. 
The update of the Programme has been duly authorised by a resolution of the Board of Directors 
of DS Smith Plc which received unanimous approval at a meeting of the Board of Directors held 
on 8 March 2022 and a resolution of members of a sub-committee of the Board of Directors which 
received unanimous approval at a meeting of a sub-committee of the Board of Directors on 28 
July 2022. The accession to the Programme as an Issuer has been duly authorised by a resolution 
of the Board of Directors of DS Smith Ireland Treasury Designated Activity Company which 
received unanimous approval at a meeting of the Board of Directors held on 22 March 2022. 
Listing of Notes 
Application has been made to the CSSF to approve this document as a base prospectus. 
Application has also been made to the Luxembourg Stock Exchange for Notes issued under the 
Programme to be admitted to trading on the Luxembourg Stock Exchange’s regulated market and 
to be listed on the official list of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange. The Luxembourg Stock 
Exchange’s regulated market is a regulated market for the purposes of MiFiD II. The listing of the 
Programme in respect of Notes is expected to be granted on or about 16 August 2022. 
Documents Available 
The following documents may be inspected on the website set out next to their description below:  
(a) 
the 
Memorandum 
and 
Articles 
of 
Association 
of 
DS 
Smith 
Plc 
at 
https://beta.companieshouse.gov.uk/company/01377658; 
(b) 
the Certificate of Incorporation and the Memorandum and Articles of Association of DS 
Smith Ireland Treasury Designated Activity Company at https://core.cro.ie/e-
commerce/company/search/4819336; 
(c) 
DS Smith Plc currently prepares audited accounts on an annual basis. The annual reports 
of DS Smith Plc including consolidated audited financial statements of DS Smith Plc in 
respect of the financial years ended 30 April 2021 and 30 April 2022 at the following links 
respectively: 
https://www.dssmith.com/globalassets/corporate/annual-reports/ds-smith-annual-report-
2021_single-pages.pdf and  
https://www.dssmith.com/contentassets/7db3425da8ce45fb90dc18235b0c0327/2022-
annual-report-singles.pdf; 
(d) 
the most recently published audited annual financial statements of DS Smith Plc and the 
most recently published unaudited interim financial statements (if any) of DS Smith Plc, 
in each case together with any audit or review reports prepared in connection therewith. 
DS Smith Plc currently prepares unaudited interim accounts on a half yearly-basis at

--- Page 151 ---
151 
 
https://www.dssmith.com/investors/investor-information/rns-statements/2021/12/half-
year-report; 
(e) 
the Trust Deed, the Agency Agreement and the forms of the Global Notes, the Notes in 
definitive 
forms, 
the 
Coupons 
and 
the 
Talons 
at 
https://www.dssmith.com/investors/investor-information/debt-investors; 
(f) 
a copy of this Prospectus together with any supplements and/or amendments at 
www.bourse.lu; 
(g) 
any Final Terms relating to the Notes which are listed on any stock exchange at 
www.bourse.lu;  
(h) 
the 
Framework 
in 
respect 
of 
any 
Green 
Bonds 
at 
https://www.dssmith.com/investors/investor-information/debt-investors;  
(i) 
the 
Second 
Party 
Opinion 
in 
respect 
of 
the 
Framework 
at 
https://www.dssmith.com/investors/investor-information/debt-investors; and 
(j) 
all other reports, letters and other documents, valuations and statements prepared by any 
expert at an Issuer’s request any part of which is included or referred to in this Prospectus 
at https://www.dssmith.com/. 
A copy of this Prospectus together with any supplements and/or amendments, will be available 
for inspection for a period of 10 years following the date of this Prospectus at 
https://www.dssmith.com/. 
Any information on DS Smith’s website does not form part of the Prospectus unless incorporated 
by reference into the Prospectus. 
Clearing Systems 
The Notes have been accepted for clearance through Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg 
(which are the entities in charge of keeping the records). The appropriate Common Code and 
ISIN for each Tranche of Notes allocated by Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg will be 
specified in the applicable Final Terms.  
If the Notes are to clear through an additional or alternative clearing system the appropriate 
information will be specified in the applicable Final Terms. 
The address of Euroclear is Euroclear Bank SA/NV, 1 Boulevard du Roi Albert II, B-1210 Brussels 
and the address of Clearstream, Luxembourg is Clearstream Banking S.A., 42 Avenue JF 
Kennedy, L-1855 Luxembourg.  
Conditions for determining price 
The price and amount of Notes to be issued under the Programme will be determined by the 
relevant Issuer and each relevant Dealer at the time of issue in accordance with prevailing market 
conditions.

--- Page 152 ---
152 
 
Significant or Material Adverse Change 
There has been no significant change in the financial position or financial performance of DS 
Smith Plc since 30 April 2022and there has been no material adverse change in the prospects of 
DS Smith Plc since 30 April 2022. 
There has been no significant change in the financial position or financial performance of DS 
Smith Ireland since 30 June 2022 (being the date of the financial information set out in the Annex 
to this Prospectus, “Financial Information of DS Smith Ireland Treasury Designated Activity 
Company”) and there has been no material adverse change in the prospects of DS Smith Ireland 
since 30 June 2022. 
Litigation 
There are no governmental, legal or arbitration proceedings (including any proceedings which are 
pending or threatened) of which the Issuers are aware in the 12 months preceding the date of this 
document which may have or have had in the recent past a significant effect on the financial 
position or profitability of the Issuers or the Group.  
Auditors 
The auditors of DS Smith Plc and DS Smith Ireland Treasury Designated Activity Company are 
Deloitte LLP of 1 New Street Square, London EC4A 3HQ, registered to carry on audit work in the 
United Kingdom by the Institute of Chartered Accountants in England and Wales. Deloitte LLP 
have audited DS Smith Plc’s accounts, without qualification, in accordance with UK-adopted IFRS 
for the financial years ended on 30 April 2021 and 30 April 2022 respectively, and have audited 
the financial information of DS Smith Ireland Treasury Designated Activity Company set out in the 
Annex to this Prospectus, “Financial Information of DS Smith Ireland Treasury Designated Activity 
Company”. 
Trustee’s action 
The Trust Deed provides that the Trustee may refrain from taking action unless instructed to do 
so by Noteholders and unless indemnified and/or secured and/or prefunded to its satisfaction. No 
Noteholder will be entitled to proceed directly against the Issuers or the Guarantor unless the 
Trustee, having become bound to take any such action, steps or proceedings, fails to do so within 
a reasonable period and such failure is continuing. 
Dealers transacting with the Issuers 
Certain of the Dealers and their affiliates have engaged, and may in the future engage, in 
investment banking and/or commercial banking transactions with, and may perform services for 
the Issuers, the Guarantor and any of their affiliates in the ordinary course of business. Certain of 
the Dealers and their affiliates may have positions, deal or make markets in the Notes issued 
under the Programme, related derivatives and reference obligations, including (but not limited to) 
entering into hedging strategies on behalf of the Issuers, the Guarantor and any of their affiliates, 
investor clients, or as principal in order to manage their exposure, their general market risk, or 
other trading activities.

--- Page 153 ---
153 
 
In addition, in the ordinary course of their business activities, the Dealers and their affiliates may 
make or hold a broad array of investments and actively trade debt and equity securities (or related 
derivative securities) and financial instruments (including bank loans) for their own account and 
for the accounts of their customers. Such investments and securities activities may involve 
securities and/or instruments of the Issuers or the Issuers’ affiliates. Certain of the Dealers or their 
affiliates that have a lending relationship with the Issuers and/or the Guarantor routinely hedge 
their credit exposure to the Issuers and/ or the Guarantor consistent with their customary risk 
management policies. Typically, such Dealers and their affiliates would hedge such exposure by 
entering into transactions which consist of either the purchase of credit default swaps or the 
creation of short positions in securities, including potentially the Notes issued under the 
Programme. Any such positions could adversely affect future trading prices of Notes issued under 
the Programme. The Dealers and their affiliates may also make investment recommendations 
and/or publish or express independent research views in respect of such securities or financial 
instruments and may hold, or recommend to clients that they acquire, long and/or short positions 
in such securities and instruments.

--- Page 154 ---
154 
 
ANNEX  
FINANCIAL INFORMATION OF  
DS SMITH IRELAND TREASURY DESIGNATED ACTIVITY COMPANY 
The below sets out audited financial information of DS Smith Ireland Treasury Designated Activity 
Company which is required to be included by the EU Prospectus Regulation, and the auditor’s 
report with respect to this financial information which has been included in this Prospectus with 
the auditor’s consent. The auditor’s consent is available on the following webpage: 
https://www.dssmith.com/investors/investor-information/debt-investors.

--- Page 155 ---
Company Registration No. 711040 
 
 
DS Smith Ireland Treasury Designated Activity Company 
 
 
Financial statements 
for the period from incorporation of 4 January 2022 to 30 June 
2022 
 155

--- Page 156 ---
DS Smith Ireland Treasury Designated Activity Company 
 
Financial statements 
For the period from incorporation of 4 January 2022 to 30 June 2022 
 
 
Company information 
 
 
Directors: 
 
J Carberry 
I R Hackston 
D O’Reilly 
T Van der Ghinst 
 
Company Secretary: 
 
 
Goodbody Secretarial Limited 
International Financial Services Centre 
North Wall Quay 
Dublin 1 
Ireland 
 
 
Registered number: 711040 
 
 
Registered office: 
 
10 Ely Place 
Dublin 2 
Ireland 
156

--- Page 157 ---
DS Smith Ireland Treasury Designated Activity Company 
 
Financial statements 
For the period from incorporation of 4 January 2022 to 30 June 2022 
 
 
Contents 
Independent Auditor’s report 
3 
Income statement 
6 
Statement of financial position 
 
7
Statement of changes in equity 
8 
Statement of cash flows 
9 
Notes to the financial statements 
 
10
157

--- Page 158 ---
DS Smith Ireland Treasury Designated Activity Company 
 
Independent Auditor’s Report to the Members of DS Smith Ireland 
Treasury Designated Activity Company   
For the period from incorporation of 4 January 2022 to 30 June 2022 
 
Report on the audit of the non-statutory financial statements 
Opinion 
In our opinion the non-statutory financial statements of DS Smith Ireland Treasury 
Designated Activity Company (the ‘company’): 
 
 
give a true and fair view of the state of the company’s affairs as at 30 June 2022 and 
of its profit for the period then ended; and 
have been properly prepared in accordance with International Financial Reporting 
Standards (IFRSs) as adopted by the European Union and as issued by the International 
Accounting Standards Board (IASB). 
We have audited the non-statutory financial statements which comprise: 
 
 
 
 
 
 





the income statement; 
the statement of financial position; 
the statement of changes in equity; 
the statement of cash flows; and 
the accounting policies and related notes 1 to 11. 
 
The financial reporting framework that has been applied in their preparation is IFRSs as 
adopted by the European Union and as issued by the IASB. 
Basis for opinion 
We conducted our audit in accordance with International Standards on Auditing (ISAs 
(Ireland)) and applicable law. Our responsibilities under those standards are further 
described in the auditor's responsibilities for the audit of the non-statutory financial 
statements section of our report.  
 
 
We are independent of the company in accordance with the ethical requirements that are 
relevant to our audit of the non-statutory financial statements in Ireland, including the 
Financial Reporting Council’s (the ‘FRC’s’) Ethical Standard, and we have fulfilled our other 
ethical responsibilities in accordance with these requirements. We believe that the audit 
evidence we have obtained is sufficient and appropriate to provide a basis for our opinion. 
 
Conclusions relating to going concern 
In auditing the financial statements, we have concluded that the directors’ use of the going 
concern basis of accounting in the preparation of the financial statements is appropriate.  
Based on the work we have performed, we have not identified any material uncertainties 
relating to events or conditions that, individually or collectively, may cast significant doubt 
on the company’s ability to continue as a going concern for a period of at least twelve 
months from when the financial statements are authorised for issue.  
 
Our responsibilities and the responsibilities of the Directors with respect to going concern 
are described in the relevant sections of this report.
158

--- Page 159 ---
DS Smith Ireland Treasury Designated Activity Company 
 
Independent Auditor’s Report to the Members of DS Smith Ireland 
Treasury Designated Activity Company (continued) 
For the period from incorporation of 4 January 2022 to 30 June 2022 
 
Responsibilities of Directors 
The Directors are responsible for the preparation of the non-statutory financial statements 
and for being satisfied that they give a true and fair view, and for such internal control as 
the Directors determine is necessary to enable the preparation of non-statutory financial 
statements that are free from material misstatement, whether due to fraud or error. 
 
In preparing the non-statutory financial statements, the Directors are responsible for 
assessing the company’s ability to continue as a going concern, disclosing, as applicable, 
matters related to going concern and using the going concern basis of accounting unless 
the directors either intend to liquidate the company or to cease operations, or have no 
realistic alternative but to do so. 
 
Auditor’s responsibilities for the audit of the non-statutory financial statements 
Our objectives are to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the non-statutory 
financial statements as a whole are free from material misstatement, whether due to fraud 
or error, and to issue an auditor's report that includes our opinion. Reasonable assurance 
is a high level of assurance, but is not a guarantee that an audit conducted in accordance 
with ISAs (Ireland) will always detect a material misstatement when it exists. 
Misstatements can arise from fraud or error and are considered material if, individually or 
in the aggregate, they could reasonably be expected to influence the economic decisions 
of users taken on the basis of these non-statutory financial statements. 
 
A further description of our responsibilities for the audit of the non-statutory financial 
statements is located on the FRC’s website at: www.frc.org.uk/auditorsresponsibilities. 
This description forms part of our auditor’s report. 
 
Extent to which the audit was considered capable of detecting irregularities, 
including fraud 
Irregularities, including fraud, are instances of non-compliance with laws and regulations. 
We design procedures in line with our responsibilities, outlined above, to detect material 
misstatements in respect of irregularities, including fraud. The extent to which our 
procedures are capable of detecting irregularities, including fraud is detailed below.  
 
We considered the nature of the company’s industry and its control environment, and 
reviewed the company’s documentation of their policies and procedures relating to fraud 
and compliance with laws and regulations. We also enquired of management, internal audit 
and treasury about their own identification and assessment of the risks of irregularities.  
We obtained an understanding of the legal and regulatory frameworks that the company 
operates in, and identified the key laws and regulations that:  
 
had a direct effect on the determination of material amounts and disclosures in the 
financial statements. These included tax legislation; and 
do not have a direct effect on the financial statements but compliance with which may 
be fundamental to the company’s ability to operate or to avoid a material penalty. 
These included regulatory solvency requirements and environmental regulations. 
 
 
 
We discussed among the audit engagement team regarding the opportunities and 
incentives that may exist within the organisation for fraud and how and where fraud might 
occur in the financial statements. 
159

--- Page 160 ---
UjP
 
DS Smith Ireland Treasury Designated Activity Company 
 
Independent Auditor’s Report to the Members of DS Smith Ireland 
Treasury Designated Activity Company (continued) 
For the period from incorporation of 4 January 2022 to 30 June 2022 
In common with all audits under ISAs (Ireland), we are also required to perform specific 
procedures to respond to the risk of management override. In addressing the risk of fraud 
through management override of controls, we tested the appropriateness of journal entries 
and other adjustments; assessed whether the judgements made in making accounting 
estimates are indicative of a potential bias; and evaluated the business rationale of any 
significant transactions that are unusual or outside the normal course of business. 
In addition to the above, our procedures to respond to the risks identified included the 
following: 
 
reviewing financial statement disclosures by testing to supporting documentation to 
assess compliance with provisions of relevant laws and regulations described as 
having a direct effect on the financial statements; 
performing analytical procedures to identify any unusual or unexpected relationships 
that may indicate risks of material misstatement due to fraud;  
enquiring of management, internal audit and in-house legal counsel concerning actual 
and potential litigation and claims, and instances of non-compliance with laws and 
regulations; and 
reading minutes of meetings of those charged with governance and reviewing internal 
audit reports. 
 
 
 
Use of our report 
 
 
This report is made solely to the company and DS Smith Plc, in accordance with items 11.1 
and 11.2 of Annex 7 of Commission Delegated Regulation (EU) 2019/980. 
 
Our audit work has been undertaken so that we might state to the company and DS Smith 
Plc, those matters we are required to state to them in an Auditor’s report and for no other 
purpose. Except for any liability under the Prospectus Act 2019, to the fullest extent 
permitted by law, we do not accept or assume responsibility to anyone other than the 
company and DS Smith Plc, for our audit work, for this report, or for the opinions we have 
formed. 
 
For the purpose of Commission Delegated Regulation (EU) 2019/980, we are responsible 
for this report as part of the Prospectus and declare that to the best of our knowledge the 
information contained in this report is, in accordance with the facts and contains no 
omission likely to affect its import. This declaration is included in the Prospectus in 
compliance with item 1.2 of Annex 7 of the Commission Delegated Regulation (EU) 
2019/980 and for no other purpose. 
 
 
 
Deloitte LLP 
London, United Kingdom 
5 August 2022
160

--- Page 161 ---
DS Smith Ireland Treasury Designated Activity Company 
Income statement 
For the period from incorporation of 4 January 2022 to 30 June 2022 
Period from 
4 January 
2022 to 30 
June 2022
€’000
Notes 
(17)
(74)
 
Depreciation of right-of-use assets 
Operating expenses
5 
(91)
21,269
(1)
Operating loss 
Finance income 
Interest on lease liabilities 
3 
7 
21,177
(2,647)
Profit before income tax 
Income tax expense 
4 
18,530
Profit for the period 
 
 
There were no recognised gains and losses other than those included in the income statement. The 
results above are from continuing operations. 
161

--- Page 162 ---
D O'Reilly
        
 
 
 
 
        
         
         
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
        
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
DS Smith Ireland Treasury Designated Activity Company 
 
Statement of financial position 
As at 30 June 2022 
2022
€’000
Notes 
Non-current assets
Right-of-use assets 
Other receivables 
5 
6 
65
1,982,881
Total non-current assets 
1,982,946
 
Current assets 
Other receivables 
Deposits 
Cash at bank
Total current assets
6 
17,847
          7
        39
17,893
Current liabilities 
Income tax payable
Lease liabilities 
(2,647)
(41)
7 
Total current liabilities
(2,688)
Net current assets
15,205
 
Non-current liabilities 
Lease liabilities 
7 
(24)
Total liabilities 
(2,712)
Net assets
1,998,127
Equity 
Called-up share capital
Share premium account
Retained earnings
Shareholder’s equity
8
8
-
1,979,597
       18,530
1,998,127
 
The financial statements were approved for issue by the Board and signed on its behalf on 5 August 
2022 by: 
D O’Reilly 
Director 
 
The accompanying notes on pages 10 to 15 are an integral part of these financial statements. 
162

--- Page 163 ---
DS Smith Ireland Treasury Designated Activity Company 
 
Statement of changes in equity 
For the period from incorporation of 4 January 2022 to 30 June 2022 
 
Share 
premium 
account 
€’000 
Called-up 
share capital 
€’000 
Retained 
earnings 
€’000 
Total equity 
€’000 
At beginning of the period 
Profit for the period 
- 
- 
- 
- 
-
18,530
-
18,530
Total comprehensive income 
- 
- 
18,530
18,530
Issue of share capital 
- 
1,979,597 
-
1,979,597
Other changes in equity 
1,979,597 
-
1,979,597
At 30 June 2022 
- 
1,979,597 
18,530
1,998,127
163

--- Page 164 ---
DS Smith Ireland Treasury Designated Activity Company 
 
Statement of cash flows 
For the period from incorporation of 4 January 2022 to 30 June 2022 
2022
€’000
 
Operating activities 
Profit for the period 
Adjustments for:
Depreciation 
Finance income 
Interest on lease liabilities 
Income tax expense 
18,530
17
(21,269)
1
2,647
(74)
(1)
(7)
Cash flows from operations 
Interest paid 
Deposits paid 
(82)
Cash flows used in operating activities 
Financing activities 
Repayment of principal on lease liabilities 
Proceeds from loans 
(17)
138
121
Cash flows from financing activities 
39
-
Increase in cash and cash equivalents in the period 
Cash and cash equivalents at beginning of the period 
39
Cash and cash equivalents at the end of the period 
164

--- Page 165 ---
DS Smith Ireland Treasury Designated Activity Company 
 
Notes to the financial statements for the period from incorporation 
of 4 January 2022 to 30 June 2022 
 
1.
Accounting policies 
 
Basis of preparation 
DS Smith Ireland Treasury Designated Activity Company (‘DS Smith Ireland Treasury DAC’) is a 
wholly-owned, indirect finance subsidiary of DS Smith Plc and operates as part of the DS Smith Group 
(‘the Group’). Its principal activity is to provide financing to the Group. The Company is incorporated 
in the Republic of Ireland and its registered office is 10 Ely Place, Dublin 2, D02 HR98, Republic of 
Ireland. 
These financial statements have been prepared on a going concern basis under the historical cost 
convention and in accordance with International Financial Reporting Standards (IFRS).  
The functional currency of the Company is Euros (€), as this is the primary environment in which the 
Company operates. These are non-statutory condensed financial statements which have been 
prepared from the Company’s date of incorporation of 4th January 2022 to 30 June 2022, in order 
for relevant financial information contained herein to be included in the EMTN programme to which 
DS Smith Ireland Treasury DAC is a party.  
The principal accounting policies applied in the preparation of these financial statements are set out 
below.     
New accounting standards adopted 
The following new accounting standards, amendments or interpretations have been adopted by the 
Company in the period: 
 
Interest Rate Benchmark Reform Phase 2 (Amendments to IFRS 9, IAS 39, IFRS 7, 
IFRS 4 and IFRS 16); and 
Covid 19 Related Rent Concessions – amendments to IFRS 16.  
 
 
The adoption of new accounting standards, amendments and interpretations have not had a material 
effect on the results for the period or the financial position at 30 June 2022. 
 
Changes to accounting standards not yet adopted 
The International Accounting Standards Board (IASB) and International Financial Reporting 
Interpretations Committee (IFRIC) have issued new standards and interpretations with an effective 
date after the date of these financial statements: 
 
Amendments to IAS 16 (Property, Plant and Equipment — Proceeds before Intended Use) 
Amendments to IFRS 3 (Reference to the Conceptual Framework) 
Amendments to IAS 37 (Onerous Contracts – Cost of Fulfilling a Contract) 
IAS 41 Agriculture 
Amendments to IAS 1 and IFRS Practice Statement (Disclosure of Accounting Policies) 
Amendments to IAS 12 (Deferred tax related to Assets and Liabilities arising from a single 
transaction) 
Amendments to IAS 8 (Definition of accounting estimates) 
IFRS 17 Insurance Contracts 
Amendments to IAS 1 (Classification of liabilities as current or non-current) 
Amendments to IFRS 4 (Extension of the Temporary Exemption from applying IFRS 9) 
These standards are currently not expected to have a material impact on the financial statements of 
the Company. 
165

--- Page 166 ---
DS Smith Ireland Treasury Designated Activity Company 
 
 
 
Notes to the financial statements for the period from incorporation 
of 4 January 2022 to 30 June 2022 (continued) 
 
 
1.
Accounting policies (continued) 
Going concern 
At 30 June 2022 the Company had net current assets of €15,205,000 and net assets of 
€1,998,127,000. The Company operates as part of the DS Smith Group. The Directors have formed 
a judgement at the time of preparing these financial statements, that there is reasonable expectation 
that the Company and Group have adequate resources to continue in operational existence for the 
foreseeable future. Where necessary, the Group has provided its intent to support the Company to 
satisfy the going concern assumption and a letter of support has been provided covering the twelve 
months from approval of these financial statements. The Directors of the Company have assessed 
the Group’s ability in proving such intent noting no issues that impact this assessment. Accordingly, 
they have continued to adopt the going concern basis in preparing these financial statements. 
 
Cash and cash equivalents 
 
 
Cash and cash equivalents comprise cash balances and are stated at amortised cost. 
Trade and other receivables 
 
 
Trade and other receivables are recognised initially at fair value less expected credit loss allowance 
and subsequently held at amortised cost. 
 
Financial assets and liabilities 
 
Financial assets and financial liabilities are recognised when the Company becomes a party to the 
contractual provisions of the instrument. All financial assets and liabilities are initially measured at 
transaction price and, where applicable, are subsequently measured at amortised cost. Financial 
assets and liabilities are only offset in the statement of ﬁnancial position when, and only when, there 
exists a legally enforceable right to set off the recognised amounts and the Company intends either 
to settle on a net basis, or to realise the asset and settle the liability simultaneously. Financial assets 
are derecognised when, and only when, a) the contractual rights to the cash flows from the financial 
asset expire or are settled, b) the Company transfers to another party substantially all of the risks 
and rewards of ownership of the financial asset, or c) the Company, despite having retained some, 
but not all, significant risks and rewards of ownership, has transferred control of the asset to another 
party. Financial liabilities are derecognised only when the obligation specified in the contract is 
discharged, cancelled or expires. 
 
Taxation 
 
 
Income tax on the profit or loss for the period comprises current tax. Income tax is recognised in 
profit or loss except to the extent that it relates to items recognised directly in equity, in which case 
it is recognised in equity.  Current tax is the expected tax payable on the taxable income for the 
period, using tax rates enacted at the reporting date.     
166

--- Page 167 ---
DS Smith Ireland Treasury Designated Activity Company 
 
 
 
Notes to the financial statements for the period from incorporation 
of 4 January 2022 to 30 June 2022 (continued) 
 
 
1.
Accounting policies (continued) 
Leases 
The Company recognises a right-of-use asset and a lease liability at the lease commencement date. 
The right-of-use asset is initially measured at cost, being the initial amount of the lease liability 
adjusted for any lease payments made at or before commencement date, plus any initial direct costs 
incurred and an estimate of end of lease dismantling or restoration costs, less any incentives 
received and related provisions. 
Lease liabilities are recorded at the present value of lease payments.  
The interest rate implicit in the lease is used to discount lease payments, or, if that rate cannot be 
determined, the Group’s incremental borrowing rate is used, being the rate that the Group would 
have to pay to borrow the funds necessary to obtain an asset of similar value in a similar economic 
environment with similar terms and conditions.  
Right-of-use assets are depreciated on a straight-line basis over the lease term, or the useful life if 
shorter.  
Interest is recognised on the lease liability, resulting in a higher finance cost in the earlier years of 
the lease term. 
Lease payments relating to low value assets or to short-term leases are recognised as an expense 
on a straight-line basis over the lease term. Short-term leases are those with 12 months or less 
duration. 
When the Company enters into a back-to-back lease arrangement on behalf of a subsidiary, 
corresponding lease receivables are recognised. 
Key sources of estimation uncertainty and critical accounting judgement 
In the application of the accounting policies described above, the Directors are required to make 
judgements, estimates and assumptions about the carrying amounts of assets and liabilities that 
are not readily apparent from other sources. The estimates and associated assumptions are based 
on historical experience and other factors that are considered to be relevant. Actual results may 
differ from these estimates. The estimates and underlying assumptions are reviewed on an ongoing 
basis. Revisions to accounting estimates are recognised in the period in which the estimate is revised 
if the revision affects only that period or in the period of the revision and future periods if the revision 
affects both current and future periods. The Directors do not deem there to be any critical accounting 
judgements or estimation uncertainty in the preparation of these financial statements.
167

--- Page 168 ---
DS Smith Ireland Treasury Designated Activity Company 
 
Notes to the financial statements for the period from incorporation 
of 4 January 2022 to 30 June 2022 (continued) 
 
2.
Auditor’s remuneration 
Fees of £15,000 have been charged by the Auditor for the non-statutory audit of these financial 
statements. 
 
 
 
3.
Finance income 
2022
€’000
Interest received from Group undertakings 
 
21,269
21,269
 
 
 
4.
Income tax expense 
2022
€’000
Current tax expense 
 
(2,647)
(2,647)
The reconciliation of the actual tax charge to the domestic corporation tax rate of 12.5% is as follows: 
2022
€’000
 
Profit before tax 
 
21,177
Income tax at the domestic corporation tax rate of 12.5%
(2,647)
168

--- Page 169 ---
DS Smith Ireland Treasury Designated Activity Company 
 
Notes to the financial statements for the period from incorporation 
of 4 January 2022 to 30 June 2022 (continued) 
 
5.
 
Right-of-use assets
2022
€’000
Cost: 
At the beginning of the period
-
82
Additions
At the end of the period
82
Accumulated depreciation: 
At the beginning of the period
    -
(17)
 
Depreciation
At the end of the period
(17)
Net book value at 30 June 2022 
65
 
This relates to office space at suite 303 - Ten Ely Place, Dublin. 
 
 
6.
Other receivables 
2022 
Non-current
Current
€’000
   17,847
€’000
1,982,881
Amounts owed by Group undertakings
1,982,881
17,847
 
The receivables bear interest at rates between margins of 0.78% plus 1 month IBOR to margins of 
4% plus 12 month IBOR. The receivables are repayable on demand, however the intention is not to 
recall these in the immediate future, and therefore these balances have been categorised as non-
current assets. Accrued interest is categorised as current assets based on repayment plans. 
 
 
7.
Lease Liabilities 
2022
€’000
At the beginning of the period 
New leases 
Interest accretion 
Payments 
-
82
1
(18)
At the end of the period 
65
 
 
Current
Non-Current
 41
24
At the end of the period 
65
 
This relates to office space at suite 303 - Ten Ely Place, Dublin. The lease will expire on 28 February 
2024. 
169

--- Page 170 ---
DS Smith Ireland Treasury Designated Activity Company 
 
Notes to the financial statements for the period from incorporation 
of 4 January 2022 to 30 June 2022 (continued) 
 
 
8.
Called-up share capital 
2022
€’000
Authorised: 
2,000,000 ordinary shares of €1 each 
 2,000 
 
Allotted and issued:
102 ordinary shares of €1 each 
 -
 
On 4 January 2022, the Company’s date of incorporation, the Company allotted and issued 100 
ordinary shares of €1 each to DS Smith (Luxembourg) S.à.r.l..  
On 15 March 2022, the Company allotted and issued 2 ordinary shares of €1 each to DS Smith 
(Luxembourg) S.à.r.1. in exchange for the contribution and assignment of receivables from Group 
undertakings of €1,979,597,059. €2 has been recorded as called-up share capital with the balance 
of €1,979,597,057 being recorded as share premium. 
The ordinary shares have one vote per share and have attached to them full voting, dividend and 
capital distribution (including on winding up) rights. 
 
 
9.
Ultimate parent undertaking and controlling party 
The parent company is DS Smith Luxembourg S.à.r.l., a company incorporated in Luxembourg, and 
the ultimate controlling party is DS Smith Plc, a company incorporated in the United Kingdom.  
 
10.
Transactions with related parties 
 
On 15 March 2022, the Company allotted and issued 2 ordinary shares of €1 each to DS Smith 
(Luxembourg) S.à.r.1. in exchange for the contribution and assignment of receivables from Group 
undertakings of €1,979,597,057. The Company received interest income from Group undertakings of 
 
€21,269,000 in the period. At 30 June 2022, the amounts 
€2,000,728,000. 
owed by Group undertakings was 
 
 
11.
Subsequent events 
There are no subsequent events to report after 30 June 2022. 
170

--- Page 171 ---
ISSUERS 
London NW1 3AX  
United Kingdom 
DS Smith Plc 
7th Floor, 350 Euston Road 
DS Smith Ireland Treasury Designated Activity Company 
10 Ely Place 
 Dublin 2 
D02 HR98 
Ireland 
GUARANTOR 
London NW1 3AX  
United Kingdom 
DS Smith Plc 
7th Floor, 350 Euston Road 
ARRANGER 
10 Gresham Street  
London EC2V 7AE  
United Kingdom 
Lloyds Bank Corporate Markets plc 
DEALERS 
Banco Santander, S.A. 
Ciudad Grupo Santander 
Edificio Encinar 
Avenida de Cantabria s/n 
28660 Boadilla del Monte 
Madrid 
Spain 
Bank of China Limited, London Branch 
1 Lothbury 
London 
EC2R 7DB 
United Kingdom 
75009 Paris  
France 
BNP Paribas 
16, boulevard des Italiens 
Citigroup Global Markets Limited 
Citigroup Centre  
Canada Square  
Canary Wharf  
London E14 5LB  
United Kingdom 
Commerzbank Aktiengesellschaft 
Kaiserstraße 16 (Kaiserplatz)  
60311 Frankfurt am Main 
Germany 
Goldman Sachs International 
Plumtree Court 
 25 Shoe Lane 
 London EC4A 4AU 
 United Kingdom 
171

--- Page 172 ---
ING Bank N.V. 
Foppingadreef 7 
PO Box 1800 
1102 BD Amsterdam 
The Netherlands 
J.P. Morgan Securities plc 
25 Bank Street  
Canary Wharf  
London E14 5JP  
United Kingdom 
Lloyds Bank Corporate Markets plc 
10 Gresham Street  
London EC2V 7AE  
United Kingdom  
NatWest Markets Plc 
250 Bishopsgate  
London EC2M 4AA 
United Kingdom 
UniCredit Bank AG 
Arabellastrasse 12 
81925 Munich 
Germany 
TRUSTEE 
Citicorp Trustee Company Limited 
Citigroup Centre  
Canada Square 
Canary Wharf  
London E14 5LB 
United Kingdom 
ISSUING AND PRINCIPAL PAYING AGENT 
Citigroup Centre  
Canada Square, Canary Wharf  
London E14 5LB 
United Kingdom 
Citibank, N.A., London Branch 
LUXEMBOURG LISTING AGENT 
Banque Internationale à Luxembourg, société anonyme 
69, route d’Esch  
L-1470 Luxembourg 
Grand Duchy of Luxembourg 
REGISTRAR 
Citibank Europe Plc, Dublin Branch 
1 North Wall Quay 
Dublin 1  
D01 T8Y1 
Ireland 
172

--- Page 173 ---
LEGAL ADVISERS 
To the Issuers and the Guarantor as to 
English law 
To the Dealers and the Trustee as to English law 
Ashurst LLP
1 Duval Square  
London E1 6PW  
United Kingdom 
 
London Fruit & Wool Exchange 
One Bunhill Row 
London EC1Y 8YY  
United Kingdom 
Slaughter and May 
To the Dealers and the Trustee as to Irish law
To the Issuers and the Guarantor as to 
Irish law 
Arthur Cox
Ten Earlsfort Terrace 
Dublin 2, D02 T380 
Ireland 
A&L Goodbody LLP 
International Financial Services Centre 
North Wall Quay 
Dublin 1, D01H104 
Ireland 
AUDITORS 
To DS Smith Plc and DS Smith Ireland Treasury Designated Activity Company 
London EC4A 3HQ  
United Kingdom 
Deloitte LLP 
1 New Street Square 
173