--- Page 1 ---
0042040-0000307 EUO2: 2004249626.20 
1 
 
 
BASE PROSPECTUS DATED 20 JUNE 2024 
 
 
 
DSM B.V. 
(incorporated in The Netherlands with its corporate seat in Heerlen) 
EUR 8,000,000,000 
Guaranteed Debt Issuance Programme 
Under the guaranteed debt issuance programme (the “Programme”) described in this base prospectus (the “Base 
Prospectus”), DSM B.V. (the “Issuer” or the “Company”), subject to compliance with all relevant laws, 
regulations and directives, may from time to time issue Euro Medium Term Notes (the “Notes”). The holders of 
Notes will benefit from the Cross Guarantee Agreement among the Company, DSM-Firmenich AG (the 
“Guarantor”) and Firmenich International SA. (“Firmenich”). See section “Description of the Cross 
Guarantee”. 
This Base Prospectus has been approved by Luxembourg Commission de Surveillance du Secteur Financier (the 
“CSSF”) as competent authority under Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 (the “Prospectus Regulation”) and comprises 
a base prospectus in respect of all Notes issued under the Programme for the purposes of Article 8 of the Prospectus 
Regulation. The CSSF only approves this Base Prospectus as meeting the standards of completeness, 
comprehensibility and consistency imposed by the Prospectus Regulation. Such approval should not be considered 
as an endorsement of the Issuer that is the subject of this Base Prospectus and of the quality of the securities that 
are the subject of this Base Prospectus. Investors should make their own assessment as to the suitability of 
investing in the Notes. The CSSF gives no undertaking as to the economic and financial soundness of the Notes 
issued under the Programme or the quality or solvency of the Issuers, in accordance with the provisions of Article 
6(4) of the Luxembourg act on prospectuses for securities. 
The period of validity of this Base Prospectus is up to (and including) 12 months from the date of the 
approval of this Base Prospectus and its validity will expire on 20 June 2025. The obligation to supplement 
the Base Prospectus in the event of significant new factors, material mistakes or material inaccuracies does 
not apply when the Base Prospectus is no longer valid. This Base Prospectus (as supplemented as at the 
relevant time, if applicable) is valid for 12 months from its date in relation to Notes which are to be admitted 
to trading on a regulated market in the European Economic Area (“EEA”) or in the United Kingdom.  
Applications have been made for such Notes to be admitted during the period of 12 months after the date hereof 
to listing on the official list and to trading on the regulated market of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange and 
admission to trading on the professional segment of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange’s regulated market. The 
regulated market of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange is a regulated market for the purposes of Directive 
2014/65/EU on markets in financial instruments. The obligation to supplement this Base Prospectus in the event 
of a significant new factor, material mistake or material inaccuracy does not apply when this Base Prospectus is 
no longer valid.

--- Page 2 ---
- 2 - 
 
 
The Programme also permits Notes to be issued on the basis that they will not be admitted to listing, trading and/or 
quotation by any competent authority, stock exchange and/or quotation system or to be admitted to listing, trading 
and/or quotation by such other or further competent authorities, stock exchanges and/or quotation systems as may 
be agreed with the Issuer.  
The rating of certain Series of Notes to be issued under the Programme may be specified in the applicable Final 
Terms. Whether or not a rating in relation to any Tranche of Notes will be treated as having been issued by a 
credit rating agency established in the European Economic Area and registered under Regulation (EC) No. 
1060/2009 (the “EU CRA Regulation”) will be disclosed in the applicable Final Terms. 
Amounts payable on Floating Rate Notes may be calculated by reference to the Euro Interbank Offered Rate 
(“EURIBOR”) which is provided by the European Money Markets Institute (“EMMI”) or any other benchmark, 
in each case as specified in the applicable Final Terms. As at the date of this Base Prospectus, EMMI is included 
in the register of administrators and benchmarks established and maintained by the European Securities and 
Markets Authority (“ESMA”) under Article 36 of the Regulation (EU) No. 2016/1011 (the “EU Benchmarks 
Regulation”) and the register of administrators and benchmarks established and maintained by the FCA pursuant 
to Article 36 of Regulation (EU) 2016/1011 as it forms part of domestic law by virtue of the European Union 
(Withdrawal) Act 2018 (the “UK Benchmarks Regulation”). If a benchmark (other than EURIBOR) is specified 
in the applicable Final Terms, the applicable Final Terms will indicate whether or not the benchmark is provided 
by an administrator included in the register of administrators and benchmarks established and maintained by 
ESMA pursuant to Article 36 of the EU Benchmarks Regulation. The registration status of any administrator 
under the EU Benchmarks Regulation is a matter of public record and, save where required by applicable law, the 
Issuer does not intend to update this Base Prospectus or any applicable Final Terms to reflect any change in the 
registration status of the administrator. 
 
Arranger 
Deutsche Bank 
Dealers  
BNP PARIBAS 
Citigroup  
Deutsche Bank  
HSBC  
ICBC 
ING 
J.P. Morgan  
Rabobank  
UBS

--- Page 3 ---
- 3 - 
 
 
CONTENTS 
 
Page 
General Description ................................................................................................................................................ 4 
Risk Factors ............................................................................................................................................................ 9 
Important Information .......................................................................................................................................... 31 
Documents Incorporated by Reference ................................................................................................................. 35 
Terms and Conditions of the Notes ...................................................................................................................... 38 
Description of Provisions relating to the Notes while in Global Form ................................................................. 68 
Form of Final Terms ............................................................................................................................................. 72 
Description of the Issuer ....................................................................................................................................... 87 
Description of the Guarantor and the Group......................................................................................................... 91 
Description of the Cross Guarantee .................................................................................................................... 105 
Use of Proceeds .................................................................................................................................................. 108 
Taxation .............................................................................................................................................................. 109 
Subscription and Sale ......................................................................................................................................... 116 
General Information ........................................................................................................................................... 121

--- Page 4 ---
- 4 - 
 
 
GENERAL DESCRIPTION 
 
The following general description does not purport to be complete and is taken from, and qualified by, the 
remainder of this Base Prospectus and, in relation to the terms and conditions of any particular Tranche of Notes, 
the applicable Final Terms. Words and expressions defined in “Form of the Notes” and “Terms and Conditions 
of the Notes” herein, respectively, shall have the same meanings in this general description. 
This general description constitutes a general description of the Programme for the purposes of Article 25(1) of 
Commission Delegated Regulation (EU) No 2019/980. 
Issuer: 
DSM B.V. 
Guarantor: 
DSM-Firmenich AG 
Issuer Legal Entity Identifier: 
724500SNT1MK246AHP04 
Guarantor Legal Entity Identifier: 
506700G44V67MPM4BI12 
Arranger: 
Deutsche Bank Aktiengesellschaft 
Dealers: 
BNP Paribas  
Citigroup Global Markets Europe AG  
Coöperatieve Rabobank U.A. 
Deutsche Bank Aktiengesellschaft 
HSBC Continental Europe 
Industrial and Commercial Bank of China (Europe) S.A.  
ING Bank N.V. 
J.P. Morgan SE 
UBS AG London Branch 
 
and any other dealer appointed from time to time by the Issuer either 
generally in respect of the Programme or in relation to a particular 
Tranche of Notes (as defined below). 
 
The arrangements under which Notes may from time to time be 
agreed to be sold by the Issuer to, and purchased by, the Dealers are 
set out in the Dealer Agreement relating to the Programme, dated 20 
June 2024, as amended from time to time (the “Dealer Agreement”). 
The Dealer Agreement makes provisions for the resignation or 
termination of appointment of existing Dealers and for the 
appointment of additional or other Dealers either generally in respect 
of the Programme or in relation to a particular Tranche of Notes (as 
defined below). 
Fiscal and Paying Agent: 
Citibank, N.A., London Branch 
Risk Factors: 
There are factors that may affect the Issuer’s ability to fulfil its 
obligations under Notes issued under the Programme and/or the 
Guarantor's ability to fulfil its obligations under the Cross Guarantee 
Agreement. These are set out under “Risk Factors” and include risks 
in relation to the Issuer and the Guarantor, risks in relation to the 
Notes and risks in relation to investment markets. For more details 
of the risk factors affecting to Notes to be issued under the 
Programme see “Risk Factors”.

--- Page 5 ---
- 5 - 
 
 
Method of Issuance: 
Under its EUR 8,000,000,000 Guaranteed Debt Issuance 
Programme, DSM B.V. may from time to time issue Notes. These 
Notes may or may not be listed on a stock exchange. The applicable 
terms of any Notes will be determined by the Issuer and the relevant 
Dealer(s) prior to the issue of the Notes. Such terms will be set out 
in the Terms and Conditions of the Notes endorsed on, or 
incorporated by reference into, the Notes, as supplemented by the 
applicable Final Terms attached to, or endorsed on, or applicable to 
such Notes, as more fully described in the " Terms and Conditions of 
the Notes" section of this Base Prospectus. 
Programme Amount: 
This Base Prospectus and any supplement will only be valid for the 
issue of Notes in an aggregate nominal amount which, when added 
to the aggregate nominal amount then outstanding of all Notes 
previously or simultaneously issued under the Programme, does not 
exceed EUR 8,000,000,000 or its equivalent in other currencies. 
Issuance in Series: 
Notes will be issued in series (each a “Series”). Each Series may 
comprise one or more tranches (“Tranches” and each a “Tranche”) 
issued on different issue dates. The Notes of each Series will all be 
subject to identical terms, except that the issue date, interest 
commencement date and the issue price may be different in respect 
of different Tranches. The Notes of each Tranche will all be subject 
to identical terms in all respects save that a Tranche may comprise 
Notes of different denominations. 
Form of Notes: 
Notes will be issued in bearer form only. 
Each Tranche of Notes will initially be in the form of either a 
Temporary Global Note or a Permanent Global Note, in each case as 
specified in the applicable Final Terms. Each Global Note which is 
not intended to be issued in new global note form (a “CGN”), as 
specified in the applicable Final Terms, will be deposited on or 
around the relevant issue date with a depositary or a common 
depositary for Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg and/or 
any other agreed clearing system and each Global Note which is 
intended to be issued in new global note form (an “NGN”), as 
specified in the applicable Final Terms, will be deposited on or 
around the relevant issue date with a common safekeeper for 
Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg. Each Temporary Global 
Note will be exchangeable for a Permanent Global Note. If the 
TEFRA D Rules are specified in the applicable Final Terms as 
applicable, certification as to non-U.S. beneficial ownership will be 
a condition precedent to any exchange of an interest in a Temporary 
Global Note or receipt of any payment of interest in respect of a 
Temporary Global Note. Interests in a Permanent Global Note will 
be exchangeable for definitive Notes in bearer form as described 
under "Description of Provisions relating to the Notes while in 
Global Form". 
Currencies: 
Subject to compliance with all relevant laws, regulations and 
directives, Notes may be issued in any legal currency agreed by the 
Issuer and the relevant Dealer(s).

--- Page 6 ---
- 6 - 
 
 
Status of the Notes: 
Notes will constitute direct, unconditional and unsecured and 
unsubordinated obligations of the Issuer and rank at least pari passu 
and rateably without any preference among themselves and (subject 
to any applicable statutory exceptions and without prejudice as 
aforesaid) equally with all other present and future unsecured and 
unsubordinated obligations of the Issuer. 
Cross Guarantee Agreement: 
 
The Issuer is party to a Cross Guarantee Agreement, dated  
30 May 2024, as amended from time to time, with DSM-Firmenich 
AG and Firmenich International SA under which, amongst other, (i) 
DSM-Firmenich AG guarantees irrevocably and unconditionally, the 
existing obligations set forth in the Cross Guarantee Agreement and 
certain future unsubordinated obligations owed to any creditor by 
DSM B.V. and which include the obligations of the Issuer under any 
Notes issued under the Programme and (ii) DSM B.V. guarantees 
irrevocably and unconditionally, the existing obligations set forth in 
the Cross Guarantee Agreement and certain future unsubordinated 
obligations owed to any creditor by DSM-Firmenich AG, all as 
further specified in the Cross Guarantee Agreement.  
Each party’s obligations under the Cross Guarantee Agreement will 
at all times rank at least pari passu with all other present and future 
unsecured and unsubordinated obligations of such party, save for 
such obligations as may be preferred by provisions of law that are 
both mandatory and of general application. 
Interest: 
Interest on the Notes may accrue at a fixed or floating rate and may 
vary during the lifetime of the relevant Series. 
Fixed Rate Notes: 
Fixed Rate Notes will bear interest at a fixed rate, payable on such 
date or dates as may be agreed between the Issuer and the relevant 
Dealer(s) and on redemption and will be calculated on the basis of 
such Day Count Fraction as may be agreed between the Issuer and 
the relevant Dealer(s) (as set out in the applicable Final Terms). 
Floating Rate Notes: 
Floating Rate Notes will bear interest at a rate determined: 
(i) 
on the basis of a reference rate appearing on the agreed 
screen page of a commercial quotation service; or 
(ii) 
on such other basis as may be agreed between the Issuer and 
the relevant Dealer(s) (as set out in the applicable Final 
Terms). 
The margin (if any) relating to such floating rate will be agreed 
between the Issuer and the relevant Dealer(s) for each Series of 
Floating Rate Notes (as set out in the applicable Final Terms). 
Issue Price: 
Notes may be issued at any price or at a discount or premium to their 
nominal amount, as specified in the applicable Final Terms. 
Maturities: 
Such maturities as may be agreed between the Issuer and the relevant 
Dealer, subject to such minimum or maximum maturity as may be

--- Page 7 ---
- 7 - 
 
 
allowed or required from time to time by the relevant central bank 
(or equivalent body) or any laws or regulations applicable to the 
Issuer or the relevant Specified Currency. Save as provided above, 
the Notes are not subject to any maximum maturity. 
Where Notes have a maturity of less than one year and either (a) the 
issue proceeds are received by the Issuer in the United Kingdom or 
(b) the activity of issuing the Notes is carried on from an 
establishment maintained by the Issuer in the United Kingdom, such 
Notes must: (i) have a minimum redemption value of £100,000 (or 
its equivalent in other currencies) and be issued only to persons 
whose ordinary activities involve them in acquiring, holding, 
managing or disposing of investments (as principal or agent) for the 
purposes of their businesses or who it is reasonable to expect will 
acquire, hold, manage or dispose of investments (as principal or 
agent) for the purposes of their businesses; or (ii) be issued in other 
circumstances which do not constitute a contravention of section 19 
of the Financial Services and Markets Act 2000 of England and 
Wales (“FSMA”) by the Issuer. 
Optional Redemption: 
Notes may be redeemed before their stated maturity at the option of 
the Issuer and/or the Noteholders to the extent (if at all) specified in 
the applicable Final Terms. 
Tax Redemption: 
Except as described in "Optional Redemption" above, early 
redemption may be permitted for taxation reasons as mentioned in 
"Terms and Conditions of the Notes – Condition 5(c) (Redemption 
for Taxation Reasons)". 
Denominations: 
Notes will be issued in such denominations as may be specified in 
the applicable Final Terms, subject to compliance with all applicable 
legal and/or regulatory and/or central bank requirements, provided 
that in the case of any Notes which are to be admitted to trading on a 
regulated market within the EEA or offered to the public in a 
Member State of the EEA in circumstances which require the 
publication of a prospectus under the Prospectus Regulation, the 
minimum denomination shall be EUR 100,000 (or its equivalent in 
any other currency as at the date of issue of the relevant Notes). If 
this proviso applies, so long as the Notes are represented by a 
Temporary Global Note or Permanent Global Note and the relevant 
clearing system(s) so permit, the Notes shall be tradeable only in 
principal amounts of at least such minimum denomination and 
integral multiples of the Calculation Amount specified in the Terms 
and Conditions of the Notes in excess thereof. 
Taxation: 
Payments in respect of Notes issued by the Issuer will be made 
without withholding or deduction for, or on account of, any present 
or future taxes, duties, assessments or governmental charges of 
whatever nature imposed or levied by or on behalf of the jurisdiction 
of incorporation of the Issuer or any political subdivision thereof or 
any authority or agency therein or thereof having power to tax, unless 
the withholding or deduction of such taxes, duties, assessments or 
governmental charges is required by law. In that event, the Issuer 
will, if so specified in the applicable Final Terms (subject to certain

--- Page 8 ---
- 8 - 
 
 
exceptions as more fully set out in "Terms and Conditions of the 
Notes - Condition 7(b)"), pay such additional amounts as will result 
in the holders of Notes or Coupons receiving such amounts as they 
would have received in respect of such Notes or Coupons had no 
such withholding or deduction been required. 
Governing Law: 
The Notes will be and the Cross Guarantee Agreement is governed 
by, and construed in accordance with, Dutch law.  
Listing: 
Each Series may be admitted to listing on the Luxembourg Stock 
Exchange regulated market. The Programme also permits Notes to 
be issued on the basis that they will not be admitted to listing, trading 
and/or quotation by any competent authority, stock exchange and/or 
quotation system or to be admitted to listing, trading and/or quotation 
by such other or further competent authorities, stock exchanges 
and/or quotation systems as may be agreed with the Issuer. The 
Issuer may also issue unlisted and/or privately placed Notes. 
References in this Programme to Notes being "listed" (and all related 
references) shall mean that such Notes have been admitted to trading 
and have been listed on the Luxembourg Stock Exchange regulated 
market or another regulated market in the EEA. 
Terms and Conditions: 
Final Terms will be prepared in respect of each Tranche of Notes, a 
copy of which will, in the case of Notes to be listed on the 
Luxembourg Stock Exchange be delivered to such stock exchange 
on or before the date of issue of such Notes. The terms and conditions 
applicable to each Tranche of Notes will be those set out herein under 
as supplemented by the applicable Final Terms. 
Clearing Systems: 
Euroclear, Clearstream, Luxembourg, Clearstream Banking AG, 
Frankfurt am Main (“Clearstream Frankfurt”) and/or, in relation 
to any Series of Notes, any other internationally recognised clearing 
system as may be specified in the applicable Final Terms. 
Selling Restrictions: 
For a description of certain restrictions on offers, sales and deliveries 
of Notes and on the distribution of offering material in the United 
States, the EEA, the United Kingdom, Japan, the People's Republic 
of China (for such purposes, not including Hong Kong and Macau 
Special Administrative Regions or Taiwan), Switzerland, Singapore 
and Hong Kong. See "Subscription and Sale". 
Use of Proceeds:  
The net proceeds from each issue of Notes will be used for the 
general financing purposes of the Group (as defined on page 9 of the 
Base Prospectus). If, in respect of any particular issue, there is a 
particular identified use of proceeds, this will be stated in the 
applicable Final Terms.

--- Page 9 ---
- 9 - 
 
 
RISK FACTORS 
The Issuer believes that the following factors may affect the ability of the Issuer, to fulfil its obligations under 
Notes issued under the Programme or the Guarantor to fulfil its obligations under the Cross Guarantee. The 
Issuer, the Guarantor and the consolidated subsidiaries of the Guarantor together “DSM-Firmenich” or the 
“DSM-Firmenich Group” or the “Group”. Most of these factors are contingencies which may or may not occur. 
In addition, factors which are material for the purpose of assessing the market risks associated with Notes issued 
under the Programme are also described below.  
The Issuer believes that the factors described below represent the material risks currently deemed to be inherent 
in investing in Notes issued under the Programme, but the inability of the Issuer to pay interest, principal or other 
amounts on or in connection with any Notes may occur for other reasons currently unknown. Prospective investors 
should carefully review the entire Base Prospectus and should reach their own views before making any decision 
on the merits and risks of investing in the Notes. 
The purchase of certain Notes may be suitable only for investors who have the knowledge and experience in 
financial and business matters necessary to enable them to evaluate the risks and the merits of an investment in 
the Notes. Prospective investors should make such inquiries as they deem necessary without relying on the Issuer 
or any Dealer and before making an investment decision with respect to any Notes, prospective investors should 
consult their own stockbroker, bank manager, lawyer, accountant or other financial, legal and tax advisors and 
carefully review the risks entailed by an investment in the Notes and consider such an investment decision in the 
light of the prospective investor's personal circumstances. 
Words and expressions defined in the "Terms and Conditions of the Notes" below or elsewhere in this Base 
Prospectus have the same meanings in this section.  
RISK FACTORS RELATING TO DSM-FIRMENICH  
Risks relating to DSM-Firmenich's business, industry and operations 
 
DSM-Firmenich is exposed to the geopolitical and economic conditions of the countries and regions in which it 
operates. DSM-Firmenich operates in the global nutrition, health and beauty industries. Demand levels for DSM-
Firmenich's products and the profitability of its business depend, to a large extent, on macroeconomic conditions 
and the financial environment globally and in the regions and segments where its customers are active. 
Consequently, the business cycles of these industries are correlated to general economic conditions and consumer 
spending around the world. Changes in the economic and financial environment of these industries, as well as in 
the different geographies or segments in which DSM-Firmenich operates, may have an impact on the demand for 
DSM-Firmenich's products and the profitability of its business. For example, some of DSM-Firmenich's products, 
such as vitamins, may experience more cyclical fluctuations, whereas other products, such as its fragrances have 
historically experience a more stable demand throughout economic cycles. In addition, uncertain global economic 
factors may make it difficult for DSM-Firmenich to forecast demand trends for its products or predict the 
development of factors affecting its industry segments.  
 
Recently, many of the countries in which DSM-Firmenich operates have experienced significant inflation and 
cost increases. Increased inflation has an adverse effect on consumer confidence and disposable income, and 
consequently may change the demand for DSM-Firmenich's products. If DSM-Firmenich does not adequately 
anticipate these changes and the corresponding new buying patterns of end-consumers and its various customers, 
it may lose the opportunity to supply products meeting the change in demand. Additionally, inflation and cost 
increases will result in an increase in the costs incurred by DSM-Firmenich and DSM-Firmenich may be unable 
to pass these cost increases fully on to its customers, especially as the costs incurred by its customers are also 
subject to inflation.  
Any change in the geopolitical and economic conditions of the countries and regions in which DSM-Firmenich 
operates may have an impact on the demand for DSM-Firmenich's products or the costs incurred by DSM-

--- Page 10 ---
- 10 - 
 
 
Firmenich, which may, in turn, have a material adverse effect on DSM-Firmenich's results of operations and 
financial condition. 
 
DSM-Firmenich is dependent on raw materials and energy, which are subject to shortages, supply chain 
disruptions and price volatility.  
 
DSM-Firmenich depends on a variety of raw materials in its business, including but not limited to essential oils, 
extracts and concentrates derived from fruits, vegetables, flowers, woods and other botanicals, animal products, 
and organic and inorganic chemicals. The costs of these raw materials will represent a significant proportion of 
DSM-Firmenich's production costs. The availability and pricing of raw materials is affected by, among other 
factors, crop size and quality, alternative land use, the political situations in certain countries, available production 
capacity, energy supply availability, feedstock availability, input costs, trade dynamics, climate change and other 
factors that might affect supply or demand. Consequently, the pricing of raw materials has been and can be volatile 
and difficult to predict. In recent years, both Firmenich International SA and DSM B.V. have been affected by 
price increases for raw materials, notably petrochemicals, which have been impacted by the surge of petrol 
derivatives and energy costs, as well as natural ingredients. Furthermore, in the past year DSM-Firmenich has 
seen an increase in the costs of transportation and experienced transportation disruptions due to capacity 
limitations and transport dislocations on the global market, for example as a result of ships and containers being 
detained somewhere along the supply chain. Any further increase in the prices of raw materials, energy prices, 
logistics costs or further transportation disruptions would increase DSM-Firmenich's operating costs and could 
adversely affect DSM-Firmenich's operating results and profitability, in particular as DSM-Firmenich may be 
unable to timely pass cost increases fully on to its customers or achieve cost savings to offset such cost increases. 
In addition, DSM-Firmenich relies on energy to manufacture and distribute its products, which is subject to 
significant price volatility.  
 
Additionally, DSM-Firmenich faces risks as a result of the increasing complexity and interdependence of 
worldwide supply streams as well as increasing pressure, or perceived pressure, on the availability of resources. 
Changes in weather conditions, such as an increase in changes in precipitation and physical risks (including acute 
risks (event-driven, i.e., tsunamis, droughts, floods, extreme precipitation, and wildfires) and chronic risks 
(longer-term shifts in climate patterns, i.e., temperature, humidity, and precipitation)), as well as other effects 
caused by climate change, could disrupt DSM-Firmenich’s business operations, rendering the materials used by 
DSM-Firmenich more difficult to obtain on a cost-effective or timely basis, or impossible to obtain at all. If DSM-
Firmenich is unable to obtain adequate and punctual deliveries of required raw materials, it may be unable to 
manufacture sufficient quantities of its products in a timely manner, which could cause DSM-Firmenich to incur 
additional costs, lose sales or suffer harm to its reputation. In addition, DSM-Firmenich’s biomass suppliers may 
be impacted by crop diseases. In extraordinary cases, such as the notification of a force majeure event by a key 
supplier, DSM-Firmenich may find itself with insufficient materials to produce certain of its products altogether. 
Failure by, or inability of, DSM-Firmenich to adapt its supply chains, product lines and business in general to 
mitigate the effects of raw material shortages and supply chain disruptions could have a material adverse effect 
on DSM-Firmenich’s business, results of operations and financial condition. 
 
DSM-Firmenich will operate in highly competitive market environments that are continuously and rapidly 
evolving and its failure to innovate or adequately respond to market trends could limit DSM-Firmenich’s potential 
for profit and growth. 
 
The global nutrition, beauty and well-being industries are highly competitive in terms of innovation and creativity 
and sustainability, the need to obtain and retain customer loyalty and relationships, introduction of new ingredients 
and technologies, product quality, response to new regulatory requirements, pricing, supply chain reliability, 
consumer understanding and other industry-related aspects. Substitutes for DSM-Firmenich’s products may be 
available from other suppliers. DSM-Firmenich faces competition from local players and larger groups as well as 
new entrants to the market, which may have technological, marketing or other capabilities that are superior to 
those of DSM-Firmenich, and may disrupt the nutrition, beauty, and well-being industries in a way that is 
challenging to DSM-Firmenich. Furthermore, DSM-Firmenich's ability to invest in and adopt new information

--- Page 11 ---
- 11 - 
 
 
technology systems and automation and advanced digital programs faster than its competitors is critical to its 
success. In order to make these investments and implement these changes, DSM-Firmenich will require sufficient 
liquidity and qualified personnel. Competition is particularly intense due to the entry of new market participants, 
especially from developing regions. There is a significant risk of competition from market entrants in various 
regions where intellectual property rights are harder to enforce, which may result in loss of market share to 
competitors. 
 
Any failure to adequately respond to competitive pressure may have a material adverse effect on DSM-Firmenich's 
business, results of operations and financial condition. 
 
DSM-Firmenich may be unable to adequately respond to rapidly changing customer and consumer preferences. 
 
The markets in which DSM-Firmenich operates are continuously and rapidly evolving and are affected by 
changing consumer preferences. The performance of DSM-Firmenich largely depends on its ability to identify, 
anticipate and respond to new developments and market trends, which are largely driven by consumer preferences 
and demands.  
 
DSM-Firmenich's ability to respond to developments and trends also depends on DSM-Firmenich's selection of 
its suppliers and their product offering and performance relating to customer and regulatory specifications and 
sustainability.  
 
Additionally, DSM-Firmenich's future success depends on its ability to develop and introduce new products by 
itself or in collaboration with its customers and to enhance and improve existing products. DSM-Firmenich is able 
to exercise limited influence over its customers' assessment of consumer spending habits and market trends or 
whether its customers market their products successfully.  
 
It is possible that certain large customers will provide sizeable contributions to DSM-Firmenich's revenues. If 
DSM-Firmenich is unsuccessful in retaining its business with such large customers or if certain of its large 
customers reduce their business activities with DSM-Firmenich, its revenue could decline and its business, 
financial condition and results of operations could be materially and adversely affected. Any failure to adequately 
anticipate and respond to changes in market trends or consumer preferences could have a material adverse effect 
on DSM-Firmenich's business, results of operations and financial condition. 
 
DSM-Firmenich relies significantly on the skills and experience of its experienced specialists, senior management 
and technical talent. 
Attracting, retaining and developing talented employees is critical to develop new products and technologies and 
essential to successfully deliver on DSM-Firmenich's strategy and to retain strong operational efficiency. Many 
of the products DSM-Firmenich develops or produces require a high and often very specific level of expertise. 
For example, to effectively compete in the industries in which it operates, DSM-Firmenich requires highly 
experienced perfumers, flavourists and scientists with unique and specialised expertise in the key scientific 
domains and technological areas that DSM-Firmenich specialises in. This is in addition to the experts in formula 
management, regulatory, digital, data science and quality, who will be deployed across DSM-Firmenich. 
Competition for such specialists is intense and could further intensify, in particular, as DSM-Firmenich competes 
with other large corporates on the global labour market.  
Furthermore, DSM-Firmenich's success depends to a large extent on the continued involvement of its senior 
management team members, many of whom have significant experience in the industries in which DSM-
Firmenich operates. The loss of members of DSM-Firmenich's senior management, or a significant diminution in 
their contribution to DSM-Firmenich's business, could adversely affect its ability to continue to operate its 
business and pursue its strategic objectives. Any failure by DSM-Firmenich to recruit, retain and develop 
experienced personnel, or the loss of any members of senior management, could have a material adverse effect on 
DSM-Firmenich's business, results of operations and financial condition.

--- Page 12 ---
- 12 - 
 
 
In addition, DSM-Firmenich relies on a high number of fixed contractors and temporary staff in its production 
facilities to ensure the efficient and continuous development of its products. The ability of DSM-Firmenich to 
attract and retain the staff in its production facilities is critical to ensure supply of its products to its customers. 
Failure to adequately recruit, train and support this staff can increase production process failures and safety risks 
and, consequently, have a material adverse effect on DSM-Firmenich's business, results of operations and 
financial condition. 
 
DSM-Firmenich makes significant investments in research and development, which may not necessarily lead to 
profitable results.  
DSM-Firmenich depends on its ability to develop and successfully market new technologies and differentiated 
products, services and technologies. The ability to create new and different products and solutions relies, among 
others, on the regular identification, development and commercialization of proprietary molecules, processes and 
intellectual property rights, which can be used in these new products and in identifying new creation tools and 
methods. Given the industries in which DSM-Firmenich operates, developing new products or implementing new 
developments into its products will require significant resources and often take a significant amount of time to 
materialize. This means that there may be substantial lag times from the point research and development 
investment costs are incurred and the time such costs deliver a return on investment in the form of increased 
revenue and profits. In addition, there are risks that DSM-Firmenich's spending may be insufficient to enable 
DSM-Firmenich to maintain its market position. There is also a risk that DSM-Firmenich focuses its resources on 
areas of research that generate unfavorable results or that new products launched with its customers are not 
successful in the market. There is also no assurance that DSM-Firmenich's investments will produce the desired 
returns. Any failure to successfully develop new molecules, products, methods, tools or technologies, or delays in 
development, could lead to DSM-Firmenich's products or technologies becoming superseded, which could 
adversely affect DSM-Firmenich's future sales.  
 
DSM-Firmenich's production processes and operations are subject to the inherent hazards and other risks 
associated with chemical processing, production, storage and transportation and expose DSM-Firmenich to 
business continuity risks as well as risks related to workplace safety, neighbouring populations and the 
environment.  
DSM-Firmenich's production processes and operations are subject to the hazards and risks associated with 
chemical processing, production and the related storage and transportation by DSM-Firmenich or its 
subcontractors. Many of DSM-Firmenich's production processes will rely on hazardous substances, which can 
present major risks to the health and safety of workers, neighbouring populations and the environment. These 
hazards could expose workers, suppliers, the community and others to toxic chemicals and other hazards, 
contaminate property and the environment, damage property, result in personal injury or death, lead to an 
interruption, relocation or suspension of operations and materially adversely affect the productivity and 
profitability of a particular production facility or DSM-Firmenich's business operations as a whole. In addition, 
this could result in governmental enforcement, regulatory shutdowns, the imposition of government fines and 
penalties and claims brought by governmental entities or third parties. In addition, DSM-Firmenich uses 
contractors − over whom DSM-Firmenich does not have full control − who may perform duties on behalf of DSM-
Firmenich in a manner that may cause harm to the health and safety of other workers, neighbouring populations 
and the environment. The costs associated with any of these events may be substantial and could exceed or 
otherwise not be fully covered by DSM-Firmenich's insurance coverage. In addition, a number of governments 
have instituted or may in the future institute regulations attempting to increase the protection and security of 
chemical plants and the transportation of hazardous substances, which could result in higher operating costs or 
substantial investments. 
 
Furthermore, improper handling of hazardous substances by DSM-Firmenich, its customers or its business 
partners due to DSM-Firmenich's failure to provide, if at all, appropriate handling instructions, or failure by its 
customers or business partners to follow handling instructions or otherwise, may lead to the release of toxic or

--- Page 13 ---
- 13 - 
 
 
hazardous substances, which may in turn result in damage and/or disruption and, ultimately, stricter regulation or 
restriction of the use of such substances.  
 
The inherent hazards and other risks associated with chemical processing, production, storage and transportation 
of DSM-Firmenich's production processes and operations could expose DSM-Firmenich to business continuity 
risks as well as risks related to workplace safety, neighbouring populations and the environment, which could 
have a material adverse effect on DSM-Firmenich's business, results of operations and financial condition. 
DSM-Firmenich may be subject to failures in its information and operations technology systems, cyber-attacks or 
security breaches. 
 
Computer malware, viruses, physical or electronic break-ins and similar malfunctions or attacks could lead to 
interruptions or disruptions and delays in the DSM-Firmenich's operations and loss, misuse or theft of data. 
Cyberattacks against online networks have become more prevalent and may occur on the DSM-Firmenich's IT 
systems in the future. Any attempts by cyber-attackers to disrupt DSM-Firmenich 's systems, if successful, could 
harm the Group's business, introduce liability to data subjects, result in the misappropriation of funds, be 
expensive to remedy, subject the Group to substantial fines, penalties, damages and other liabilities under 
applicable laws and regulations, lead to a loss of protection of the DSM-Firmenich 's intellectual property or trade 
secrets and damage the Group's reputation or brand. Insurance may not be sufficient to cover significant expenses 
and losses related to cyber-attacks. Efforts to prevent cyber attackers from entering computer systems are 
expensive to implement, and DSM-Firmenich may not be able to cause the implementation or enforcement of 
such preventions with respect to the DSM-Firmenich's third-party vendors. Though it is difficult to determine 
what, if any, harm may directly result from any specific interruption, disruption or attack, any failure to maintain 
performance, reliability, security and availability of systems and technical infrastructure may, in addition to other 
losses, harm the Group's reputation, brand and ability to attract customers. DSM-Firmenich has previously 
experienced, and may in the future experience, such service disruptions, outages and other performance problems 
due to computer malware, viruses, ransomware, hacking, phishing attacks and other malfunctions or attacks 
causing an interruption or disruption, or failure of the Group's information technology or network and 
communication systems. In addition, DSM-Firmenich faces the risk of potential unauthorised access to, and the 
loss of, critical and sensitive information, for example as a result of industrial espionage activities or hacking 
attacks. A leak of confidential information or the loss of critical and sensitive information could reveal trade 
secrets or knowhow of DSM-Firmenich or its customers to competitors and harm DSM-Firmenich 's business, 
competitive position and reputation. DSM-Firmenich 's insurance may not adequately compensate it for all losses 
or failures that may occur.  
 
Any of the foregoing could have material adverse effects on the DSM-Firmenich 's business, results of operations, 
financial condition and prospects. While DSM-Firmenich has processes and procedures in place designed to 
enable it to quickly recover from a disaster or catastrophe and continue business operations, there is no guarantee 
that such processes and procedures will ensure continued and uninterrupted business operations. There are several 
factors ranging from human error to data corruption that could materially impact the efficacy of such processes 
and procedures, including by lengthening the time during which services are partially or fully unavailable to 
customers and users. It may be difficult or impossible to perform some or all recovery steps and continue normal 
business operations due to the nature of a particular disaster or catastrophe, especially during peak periods, which 
could cause additional reputational damages, or revenue loss, any of which could adversely affect DSM-Firmenich 
's business and financial results. 
DSM-Firmenich may fail to obtain, maintain, protect or enforce DSM-Firmenich's intellectual property rights.  
 
DSM-Firmenich has a large intellectual property portfolio. Although DSM-Firmenich is not dependent on any 
single intellectual property right, it will rely on a combination of patents, trade secrets, trademarks and copyrights 
to protect its intellectual property rights, patents in relation to molecules, technologies, processes and trade secrets 
in relation to the formulas used for example to create its flavors and fragrances and to certain process information. 
Currently, there are approximately 16,000 patents across approximately 2,600 patent families in force. The

--- Page 14 ---
- 14 - 
 
 
formulas are highly confidential business information and will be accessible to very few people within DSM-
Firmenich's business through confidentiality agreements and agreements with employees and other parties with 
whom DSM-Firmenich will develop business relationships. However, these agreements might be breached. The 
loss of confidentiality with respect to proprietary formulas or infringement of its intellectual property rights could 
have a material adverse effect on DSM-Firmenich's business, results of operations and financial condition.  
  
Additionally, DSM-Firmenich's competitors or other third parties could, lawfully or unlawfully, seek to use or 
infringe its intellectual property rights or claim that DSM-Firmenich infringes their intellectual property rights. 
DSM and Firmenich have in the past and DSM-Firmenich may in the future become a party to lawsuits involving 
patents or other intellectual property. Legal challenges to DSM-Firmenich's intellectual property rights or 
challenges to third-party infringements could result in the incurrence of significant costs by DSM-Firmenich and 
there is no assurance that such actions would be resolved in DSM-Firmenich's favour. If a dispute were to be 
resolved against DSM-Firmenich, DSM-Firmenich may be subject to significant damages and the testing, 
manufacturing or sale of one or more of DSM-Firmenich's technologies or products may be enjoined or otherwise 
impacted. In relation to intellectual property rights protected by way of trade secrets, costs in relation to defending 
such claims would be significantly higher owing to the non-perfection of the intellectual property rights, and could 
result in the potential loss of the intellectual property rights, as DSM-Firmenich would have no perfected rights 
with which to preclude others from making, using or selling its products or processes. If any of these risks 
materializes, it could cause harm to DSM-Firmenich's reputation and hinder its ability to price new technologies 
and innovations effectively, which will adversely affect DSM-Firmenich's revenue and profitability. 
 
There can be no assurance that DSM-Firmenich will obtain all patents for which it will apply and DSM-Firmenich 
cannot be certain that intellectual property rights granted by way of a patent will not later be opposed, invalidated, 
or circumvented. For example, DSM-Firmenich is involved in certain co-innovation projects, whereby intellectual 
property rights are developed in cooperation with third parties. DSM-Firmenich may not be able to safeguard the 
intellectual property rights it has developed through these projects. Furthermore, the extent to which intellectual 
property rights can be protected varies significantly depending on the country in which the perfection of such 
rights is being sought. As DSM-Firmenich operates internationally, its intellectual property rights may not be 
protected to the same extent across all locations. Consequently, DSM-Firmenich may not be able to protect its 
intellectual property effectively and any conflicts relating to the alleged infringement of intellectual property rights 
could lead to patent or licence disputes or other litigation. Insufficient protection or actual infringement of third-
party intellectual property could limit DSM-Firmenich's ability to profitably utilize technology advantages gained 
through expensive research and development and could otherwise lead to losses or liabilities, all of which could 
result in a material adverse effect on DSM-Firmenich's business, results of operations and financial condition.  
DSM-Firmenich is exposed to the risk of strikes, labour disputes and industrial action.  
 
Maintaining good relationships with employees of DSM-Firmenich is crucial to its operations. There can be no 
assurance that DSM-Firmenich will not experience adverse labour situations, any of which could have a material 
adverse effect on its business, financial condition, and operating results. For example, DSM-Firmenich may 
experience: (i) lengthy consultations with labor unions and works councils on new collective labor agreements or 
salary increases in the future, or (ii) strikes, work stoppages or other industrial or class actions, which could disrupt 
DSM-Firmenich's operations. In addition, strikes called by employees of any of DSM-Firmenich's large suppliers, 
services contractors or customers could result in business interruptions. The occurrence of any or all of the above 
risks could have a material adverse effect on DSM-Firmenich's business, results of operations and financial 
condition.  
DSM-Firmenich may be unable to effectively develop and execute an effective sustainability strategy in line with 
increasing customer and stakeholder expectations and regulations. 
 
As focus on sustainability-related matters from investors, customers, end-consumers, employees and other 
stakeholders increases, DSM-Firmenich's sustainability performance will need to continue to evolve to meet these 
expectations and to adapt to new legislation and regulations. There is a risk that DSM-Firmenich might not be

--- Page 15 ---
- 15 - 
 
 
able to respond fast enough to the changes related to the transition to a net-zero world and the impact these will 
have on its operations, value chain and end-markets. DSM-Firmenich will also need to comply with increasing 
sustainability-related reporting requirements, which are still under development. DSM-Firmenich may fail to 
implement and maintain appropriate strategic plans, governance, internal standards, controls, or monitoring and 
reporting mechanisms required to meet relevant regulatory requirements and stakeholders' expectations and align 
with international standards in this area, which could impact its reputation among its investors, customers, end 
consumers, employees and other stakeholders. In addition, DSM-Firmenich has formulated certain goals to 
improve its sustainability performance. Any failure to meet such requirements or goals could also cause DSM-
Firmenich to lose the certifications and recognition it holds with governments and other bodies which are critical 
to maintaining stakeholder reputation and attracting and retaining customers and talent. If DSM-Firmenich is 
unable to effectively develop and execute an effective sustainability strategy, this could result in regulatory 
enforcement for non-compliance or reputational harm with customers, employees or other stakeholders, all of 
which could have a material adverse effect on DSM-Firmenich's business, results of operations and financial 
condition. 
Failures in DSM-Firmenich's inventory management practices could materially adversely affect its business, 
financial condition and results of operations.  
DSM-Firmenich manages its inventory balances based on anticipated demand (as derived from forecasted 
customer order activity), anticipated availability of raw materials, expected sourcing levels and product shelf life. 
Efficient inventory management and, where appropriate, successful forward purchasing is key to DSM-
Firmenich's business success, financial returns and profitability. DSM-Firmenich aims to meet its customers' 
product needs without allowing inventory levels to increase to such an extent that the costs associated with storing 
and holding inventory will adversely affect its financial results. If the current volatility in the supply of raw 
materials continues, DSM-Firmenich will be pushed to maintain higher raw material inventory levels to ensure 
that it will be able to deliver its customers' needs.  
DSM-Firmenich faces risks related to future acquisitions or divestments in addition to any past acquisitions and 
divestments of DSM-Firmenich, DSM B.V. or Firmenich International SA.  
Part of DSM-Firmenich’s profitable growth strategy is to deploy capital in value-enhancing mergers and 
acquisitions and merger integration. This is subject to various risks, including the inability to sufficiently integrate 
newly acquired businesses, the inability to achieve the anticipated benefits from the acquisition and/or merger 
and/or merger integration, a loss of critical talent through the merger/acquisition process or the transmission of 
contingent liabilities or responsibilities attached to the acquired businesses. For example, DSM-Firmenich may 
be subject to environmental liabilities at sites it acquires even if the damage relates to activities prior to its 
ownership. In addition, DSM-Firmenich may be unable to cost-effectively integrate the new activities from a 
merger/acquisition into its business and/or realize the performance that it envisages when merging or acquiring a 
business. DSM-Firmenich may continue to acquire, actual or potential liabilities in connection with such past or 
future mergers/acquisitions, including but not limited to third-party liability and other tort claims, claims or 
penalties as a result of breach of applicable laws or regulations, financial liabilities relating to employee claims, 
claims for breach of contract, claims for breach of fiduciary duties, employment-related claims, environmental 
liabilities resulting from soil or groundwater contamination at sites acquired by DSM-Firmenich (even if the 
damage relates to activities prior to its ownership), or tax liabilities. In addition, acquired companies may have 
lower profitability, or require more significant investments, which could affect the profitability margin of DSM-
Firmenich. Although acquisition agreements may include indemnities in DSM-Firmenich’s favour, these 
indemnities may not always be insurable or enforceable, or may expire or be limited in amount and DSM-
Firmenich may have disputes with the sellers regarding their enforceability or scope. 
As part of its strategic plans, DSM-Firmenich may also from time to time divest assets it no longer deems fit for 
its portfolio of activities. For example, on 15 February 2024, DSM-Firmenich announced the initiation of a process 
to carve-out and separate out the Animal, Nutrition & Health (“ANH”) business from DSM-Firmenich as further 
set out in section “Description of the Guarantor and the Group” in this Base Prospectus. DSM-Firmenich is 
therefore subject to risks related to the divestment process, in particular with regard to warranties and indemnities

--- Page 16 ---
- 16 - 
 
 
given within the scope of the divestment process. In addition to these contractual commitments, DSM-Firmenich 
could be held liable as the seller, depending on applicable laws. Furthermore, DSM-Firmenich may be unable to 
adequately or timely carve out ANH or to find an appropriate buyer who is willing to buy certain assets at an 
acceptable price, exposing the company to ongoing carrying costs of those assets and related liabilities. 
Environmental, health and safety requirements and regulations and labor disputes will affect not only activities at 
sites that have been acquired and are in operation, but also activities at sites that have been divested or that will 
be acquired or divested in the future. Many of DSM-Firmenich’s current, past or discontinued production sites 
have a long history of industrial use. As a result, soil and groundwater contamination has occurred at certain sites 
in the past, and it is possible that further contamination could be discovered at these sites or other sites in the 
future. DSM-Firmenich could be subject to lengthy and costly government audits or investigations and be held 
liable and incur considerable expenses for remedial measures at these sites and for any new obligations discovered.  
As a result, past and future acquisitions and divestments expose DSM-Firmenich to potential losses and liabilities, 
and lower than anticipated benefits, which could have a material adverse effect on DSM-Firmenich’s business, 
results of operations and financial condition.  
DSM-Firmenich is subject to risks, including reputational, financial and legal risks, associated with joint 
ventures, joint venture partners and minority shareholders in other companies.  
DSM-Firmenich has and plans to develop strategic partnerships for example for innovation through joint ventures. 
DSM-Firmenich currently has a number of important joint ventures, such as Veramaris® and Avansya V.O.F., in 
which DSM-Firmenich has joint control, and DSM-Firmenich may continue to enter into arrangements subject to 
joint control, such as joint ventures, or minority ownership. Joint ventures, related partnerships and minority 
ownership interests are subject to risks related to oversight and control, compliance, competing business interests 
and financial liabilities. Disputes with joint venture partners may result in the loss of business opportunities or 
intellectual property or disruption to or termination of the relevant joint venture, as well as litigation or other legal 
proceedings. In the event that risks related to oversight and control, compliance, competing business interests and 
financial liabilities in respect of joint ventures, joint venture partners and minority shareholders would materialise, 
this could result in financial, reputational and legal consequences, which could have a material adverse effect on 
DSM-Firmenich’s business, results of operations and financial condition.  
Legal, compliance and regulatory risks 
DSM-Firmenich faces risks related to product liability and product quality. 
The manufacturing, storage, sale and distribution of specialty chemicals products by DSM-Firmenich involve an 
inherent risk of exposure to product liability claims, product recalls, product seizures and related adverse publicity. 
Additionally, given the nature of its international operations, DSM-Firmenich is subject to various regulatory 
requirements in each of the countries in which its products are developed, manufactured and sold to ensure that 
the products are safe for use and consumption by consumers and in animal feed products. These jurisdictional 
regulations are often particularly stringent and are in addition to product safety compliance requirements 
established by the industry or similar oversight bodies.  
DSM-Firmenich faces risks relating to claims that its products or manufacturing processes may cause injury to 
third parties, including property damage and personal injury. Such injuries or damage may arise from 
inappropriate use or safety recommendations or from previously unidentified effects of existing products. 
Furthermore, certain substances that are produced at DSM-Firmenich’s facilities are subject to strict liability 
regimes in certain jurisdictions, meaning that the manufacturer is liable for any damage caused by the product, 
regardless of proof of fault or negligence. Certain products may only be marketed to industrial customers due to 
significant potential hazards associated with their use. These products are not available for retail sale directly to 
consumers and must be accompanied by appropriate warnings describing conditions of safe use. If such products

--- Page 17 ---
- 17 - 
 
 
do reach the public or the warning labels are insufficient, DSM-Firmenich could be held strictly liable for such 
use by retailers, depending on applicable laws.  
DSM-Firmenich also faces risks relating to defective products, which may give rise to product liability claims 
when they do not meet specifications because of manufacturing errors, product contamination or the alteration of 
product quality during shipping or storage. Defective products may also lead to recalls, customer complaints and 
warranty claims. In the event that an operational process results in a defect in DSM-Firmenich’s products (and in 
particular, an undetected defect), this could lead to a reduction in sales, an increase in customer claims and/or 
costly litigation, and could have a significant impact on company reputation and trigger governmental 
investigations and standstill actions.  
If a product liability claim is successful, DSM-Firmenich’s insurance may not be adequate to cover all liabilities 
it may incur, and DSM-Firmenich may not be able to continue to maintain such insurance, or obtain comparable 
insurance at a reasonable cost, if at all. In addition, product liability claims could cause DSM-Firmenich to incur 
significant costs, cause disruptions or uncertainties in DSM-Firmenich’s business operations, result in large 
settlements and, even in the case where such claims are not successful or fully pursued, have a material adverse 
effect on DSM-Firmenich’s reputation with existing and potential customers and on its business, operating results, 
business prospects and market position.  
In addition, a faulty or defective product or a product that is not compliant with regulations or is non-performing 
could expose DSM-Firmenich to consumer health issues, customer complaints, warranty claims, returns and 
reruns, customer loss, and overall reputational damages and could trigger governmental investigations and 
standstill actions, which could have a material adverse effect on DSM-Firmenich’s business, results of operations 
and financial condition.  
DSM-Firmenich is subject to ongoing competition and antitrust investigations and may become subject to further 
competition and antitrust investigations.  
DSM-Firmenich is subject to competition and antitrust laws and regulations in the countries in which it operates. 
These laws and regulations aim to prevent and prohibit anticompetitive activities. On 7 March 2023, certain 
competition authorities commenced an investigation into the fragrances sector. As part thereof, unannounced 
inspections were carried out at Firmenich International SA’s offices in France (by the European Commission), 
Switzerland and the UK and Firmenich International SA received a subpoena from the Antitrust Division of the 
United States Department of Justice. These are common preliminary steps in antitrust investigations into suspected 
infringements of competition rules. Consequently, DSM-Firmenich is exposed to these ongoing investigations 
and may become subject to further antitrust investigations in other jurisdictions. Antitrust investigations tend to 
involve significant uncertainties and could be costly to DSM-Firmenich in terms of time and expense incurred in 
handling such investigations. Where such investigations reveal infringements of applicable competition and 
antitrust laws and regulations, the authorities may impose fines which are based on a percentage of the turnover 
in the relevant market. Based on the nature and scope of the investigations and on the assumption that one or more 
of the authorities that are now known to have commenced investigations establish that DSM-Firmenich infringed 
applicable competition and antitrust laws and regulations, DSM-Firmenich expects that those authorities will 
impose significant fines. At this time, there is no certainty as to the maximum level of fines that could be imposed 
by these authorities and there may also be other investigations and fines in other jurisdictions. Furthermore, any 
such findings could also lead to significant claims for damages from other parties, including through class action 
litigation, as well as reputational damage. As a result, an adverse outcome of the ongoing antitrust investigations 
or any future antitrust investigations could have a material negative impact on DSM-Firmenich's business, results 
of operations and financial condition. In addition, due to the existing competitive situation in many of the markets 
in which DSM-Firmenich is active, there can be no assurance that DSM-Firmenich will not suffer other material 
negative consequences from these investigations and litigation, or that its reputation and competitive position will 
not be materially impaired.

--- Page 18 ---
- 18 - 
 
 
DSM-Firmenich faces risks associated with, and is subject to continually evolving, regulatory and legal 
developments, including but not limited to product liability, competition and antitrust, fraud, corruption and 
bribery, sanctions, intellectual property, environmental, product safety, public health and safety and data 
protection laws.  
DSM-Firmenich is subject to a variety of statutes, laws and regulations, such as laws and regulations that deal 
with product quality, safety and liability, competition and antitrust, fraud, corruption and bribery, sanctions, 
intellectual property, environmental matters, anti-slavery, data protection, land use, public and occupational health 
and safety, taxation, transportation, employment and pension regulations and food protection. Any such non-
compliance can subject DSM-Firmenich to potential governmental action or action from an authority, including 
but not limited to fines, penalties or other sanctions, or third-party claims. It may also negatively affect DSM-
Firmenich's reputation, which could result in a diminished customer base. Furthermore, DSM-Firmenich is subject 
to various regulatory requirements in each of the countries in which its products will be developed, manufactured 
and sold, to ensure that the products are safe for use by consumers. In addition, DSM-Firmenich is subject to other 
laws and regulations specific to the nature of its products. These jurisdictional regulations are in addition to 
product safety compliance requirements established by industry or similar oversight bodies. The regulations that 
apply to DSM-Firmenich's products, given that the products are either in contact with consumers' skin or inserted 
in the body, or consumed as food or feed, are particularly stringent. DSM-Firmenich faces the risk that: (i) its 
products may fail to comply with an operating country's product safety regulations (and therefore may not be able 
to be sold without modification, or at all), and (ii) gaps in DSM-Firmenich's operational processes could result in 
product defects which consequently result in a failure to comply with product safety regulations. 
Furthermore, DSM-Firmenich is subject to risks arising from legal disputes, including contractual claims and 
product liability claims relating to product defects. DSM-Firmenich 's business may be adversely affected by the 
detrimental outcome of legal disputes and investigations by government agencies, the outcomes of which are not 
certain. Litigation risks include, among others, risks in the areas of competition and antitrust law, health 
regulations, tax law, and environmental protection. In addition, DSM-Firmenich is subject to the risk of lawsuits, 
including class actions, alleging negligence, product liability and other contractual or statutory claims relating to 
product defects. Such lawsuits may include claims based on personal injury or death alleged to be caused by a 
product of DSM-Firmenich. These lawsuits often involve claims for substantial amounts of damages, including 
compensation for consequential damage and substantial costs for legal representation. In addition, products may 
be the subject of recalls. For this reason, there can be no assurance that extensive claims will not be asserted 
against DSM-Firmenich in the future or that large scale product recall measures will not be necessary. DSM-
Firmenich may not have sufficient insurance to mitigate for such a contingency. Accordingly, DSM-Firmenich 
cannot assure that the risks inherent to any potential product liability claim or product recall will be mitigated in 
all circumstances. Any of the above may result in actions being brought against the Group and may have a material 
adverse effect on its business, results of operations, financial condition and prospects. In addition, such event 
could adversely affect DSM-Firmenich 's reputation and therefore reduce market acceptance of its products and 
services. 
Even if an event causing a product recall proves to be unfounded or if a product liability claim against DSM-
Firmenich is unsuccessful, DSM-Firmenich may incur significant costs, face disruptions in operating its business 
and suffer negative publicity surrounding any assertion that products sold by DSM-Firmenich caused injury or 
damage or an allegation that the goods sold by it were defective, which could adversely affect both DSM-
Firmenich's reputation with existing and potential new customers and its corporate and brand image.  
In addition, DSM-Firmenich has put in place a code of business conduct, corporate policies, requirements and 
directives in order to promote ethical behaviour and clearly mark the limits of risk taking to be observed in 
(operational) processes. Non-compliance with these internal standards may occur and/or inadequate compliance 
procedures could lead to risks and possible financial and/or reputational damage. This, as any other noncompliance 
with continually evolving laws and regulations, could have a material adverse effect on DSM-Firmenich's 
business, results of operations and financial condition.

--- Page 19 ---
- 19 - 
 
 
DSM-Firmenich faces risks related to the imposition of international sanctions.  
Sanctions regimes are complex, unpredictable and often implemented on short notice. It is likely that DSM-
Firmenich's operations in certain countries will be restricted by international sanctions and trade restrictions and 
DSM-Firmenich will be required to ensure it adequately monitors and complies with such rapidly evolving 
requirements. Moreover, the legislation, rules and regulations that establish sanctions regimes are often broad in 
scope and difficult to interpret, and in recent years governments have increased and strengthened such regimes. 
For example, sanctions imposed by, among others, the United States, the European Union and Switzerland include 
restrictions on the sale, import, purchase or transport of certain goods and services from or to Russia.  
Should DSM-Firmenich violate any existing or future U.S., European, Swiss or internationally applicable 
sanctions, this could result in the loss of contracts with suppliers, fines or other criminal penalties that may have 
a negative impact on DSM-Firmenich's reputation and its ability to conduct business in certain jurisdictions or 
access U.S., European or international capital markets. In addition, any sanctions applicable to DSM-Firmenich 
may limit the ability of DSM-Firmenich to receive payments from customers in and from sanctioned countries 
due to the impact of applicable sanctions on the global financial system. Any sanctions regime may, even without 
it being violated by DSM-Firmenich, accordingly have a material adverse effect on DSM-Firmenich's business, 
results of operations and financial condition.  
Until now, DSM-Firmenich had limited direct exposure to the consequences of the war in Ukraine and the 
sanctions imposed on Russia, in particular because these markets have a limited contribution to the revenue of 
DSM-Firmenich and the majority of the products sold by DSM-Firmenich in these markets are not covered by 
any sanctions list. However, the situation with regards to the war in Ukraine is evolving, and the United States, 
the European Union, the United Kingdom, Switzerland, and other countries may implement additional sanctions, 
export controls or other measures against Russia, Belarus and other countries, regions, officials, individuals or 
industries in the respective territories. Such sanctions and other measures, as well as the existing and potential 
further responses from Russia or other countries to such sanctions, tensions and military actions, could adversely 
affect DSM-Firmenich's business, results of operations and financial condition. 
DSM-Firmenich is and will be exposed to litigation risks, including claims and lawsuits arising in the ordinary 
course of business.  
With the variety of activities and geographic reach, DSM-Firmenich is exposed to legal risks, particularly in the 
areas of product liability, contractual relations, antitrust laws, patent disputes, tax assessments and health, safety 
and environmental matters. In this context, litigation cannot be avoided and will sometimes be necessary to defend 
the rights and interests of DSM-Firmenich. In certain circumstances, DSM-Firmenich has recorded provisions in 
accordance with applicable accounting standards to cover the financial risk. As a general matter, the outcome of 
legal proceedings cannot be predicted with certainty. It is therefore possible that adverse final court decisions or 
arbitration awards could lead to expenses that are not covered or not fully covered by provisions or insurance and 
could have a material adverse effect on DSM-Firmenich's business, results of operations and financial condition. 
DSM-Firmenich may fail to obtain or renew or may experience material delays in obtaining requisite 
governmental or other relevant approvals, licences, permits or certificates for the conduct of its business.  
DSM-Firmenich requires various approvals, licences, permits and certificates in the conduct of its business. There 
can be no assurance that DSM-Firmenich will not encounter significant problems in obtaining new or renewing 
existing approvals, licenses, permits and certificates required for the conduct of its business, or that it will continue 
to satisfy the conditions under which such authorizations are granted. In addition, there may be delays on the part 
of the regulatory, administrative or other relevant bodies in reviewing DSM-Firmenich's applications and granting 
the required authorisations. If DSM-Firmenich fails to obtain or maintain the necessary approvals, licenses, 
permits and certificates required for the conduct of its business, it may lose contracts, or be required to incur 
substantial costs or suspend the operation of one or more of its facilities, which could have a material adverse 
effect on DSM-Firmenich's business, results of operations and financial condition.

--- Page 20 ---
- 20 - 
 
 
Risks relating to DSM-Firmenich's financial matters and its capital and corporate structure 
DSM-Firmenich is exposed to liquidity risks.  
DSM-Firmenich is exposed to risks related to its liquidity position. DSM-Firmenich's ability to make payments 
on and to refinance its debt, and to fund future working capital and capital expenditures, will depend on its future 
operating performance and ability to generate sufficient cash. DSM-Firmenich will need to ensure that at all times 
it will have sufficient funding for general corporate purposes, including ensuring maintenance and adequate 
capacity of the complex and highly technical production facilities. Capital and credit markets are subject to 
fluctuations that may result in periodic tightening of the credit markets, including lending by financial institutions, 
which will be a source of credit for DSM-Firmenich, and affect its customers' and suppliers' borrowing and 
liquidity. There is a risk that the markets that provide funding will not always be available to DSM-Firmenich due 
to unexpected events, which may lead to a situation where DSM-Firmenich cannot honor its liabilities in time. 
This could also lead to an increase in cost of capital. In such an environment, it may be more difficult and costly 
for DSM-Firmenich to refinance its maturing financial liabilities. In addition, if the financial condition of DSM-
Firmenich's customers or suppliers is negatively affected by illiquidity, their difficulties could also have a material 
adverse effect on DSM-Firmenich. Furthermore, credit rating agencies may change their assessment of DSM-
Firmenich's creditworthiness, thereby affecting its borrowing capacity and/or the conditions under which it can 
borrow money and cause fluctuations in the cost of finance. This could lead to a lack of sufficient liquidity, which 
in turn could have a material adverse effect on DSM-Firmenich's business, results of operations and financial 
condition. 
DSM-Firmenich is subject to fluctuations in foreign exchange rates.  
DSM-Firmenich operates globally and conducts much of its business in currencies other than its reporting 
currency, the Euro. Consequently, DSM-Firmenich's results of operations are sensitive to fluctuations in currency 
exchange rates, arising mainly from the relative value of the Euro compared to the U.S. dollar, Swiss franc and, 
to a lesser extent, Asian and Latin American currencies, and British pounds. Significant fluctuations in exchange 
rates between the Euro and such other currencies could materially and adversely affect DSM-Firmenich's reported 
results from year to year.  
A significant part of DSM-Firmenich's revenue and costs, as well as certain of its assets and liabilities, are recorded 
in currencies other than its reporting currency (Euro). In addition, in emerging countries it is not always possible 
to borrow in local currency, whether because local financial markets are too narrow, funds are not available, or 
the financial conditions are too onerous. In such situations, DSM-Firmenich will have to borrow in a different 
currency. DSM-Firmenich is therefore subject to transactional risk as well as translation risk on DSM-Firmenich's 
income statement and other comprehensive income statements.  
DSM-Firmenich implements policies to hedge part of its currency risks. For example, it is DSM-Firmenich's 
policy to hedge the currency risks resulting from sales and purchases at the moment of recognition of foreign 
currency receivables and payables. In addition, operating companies may opt for hedging currency risks from firm 
commitments and forecast transactions. There is a risk that the markets that provide hedging instruments will not 
always be available to DSM-Firmenich, and this could lead to a situation where DSM-Firmenich may incur losses 
due to market movements or unhedged currency rate positions. In addition, the effectiveness of hedges could be 
impaired due to, for example, changes in business conditions and financial exposures, and this could lead to loss. 
Should markets move against DSM-Firmenich's hedging position, DSM-Firmenich could experience a material 
adverse effect on its business, results of operations and financial condition. 
DSM-Firmenich is exposed to fluctuations in interest rates.  
DSM-Firmenich uses credit lines and other credit facilities granted by third-party financial institutions to finance 
part of its activities. Most of these borrowings will comprise short-term credit lines and will therefore be subject 
to fluctuations on interest rates when rolled over. Although the current long-term debt portfolio of DSM-Firmenich 
comprise mainly fixed-rate positions, any future long-term financing will be exposed to a material increase in

--- Page 21 ---
- 21 - 
 
 
interest rates and credit spreads. In addition, hedging costs could be impacted by rising interest rates. DSM-
Firmenich's management of interest rate risk may not fully offset adverse interest rate fluctuations, and such 
fluctuations, in addition to any interest rate increases in general, may have a material adverse effect on DSM-
Firmenich's business, results of operations and financial condition. 
DSM-Firmenich may implement policies to hedge part of its interest rate risks. There is a risk that the markets 
that provide hedging instruments will not always be available to DSM-Firmenich due to unexpected events, which 
could lead to a situation where DSM-Firmenich may incur losses due to market movements or unhedged interest 
rate positions. Should markets move against DSM-Firmenich's hedging position, DSM-Firmenich could 
experience a material adverse effect on its business, results of operations and financial condition. 
If DSM-Firmenich fails to maintain an effective system of internal control over financial reporting, it may not be 
able to accurately report its financial results or prevent fraud.  
DSM-Firmenich has approximately 480 legal entities worldwide, the reporting of which will be input to the 
consolidated reports of DSM-Firmenich. These reports will be generated from multiple separate accounting 
systems. DSM-Firmenich may run the risk that reporting is not complete, or is not transparent, and may contain 
material inaccuracies. Any system of control can provide only reasonable, and not absolute, assurance that the 
objectives of the system are met. It is possible that the internal controls of DSM-Firmenich to mitigate these risks 
may fail. Any failure to maintain adequate internal controls or to produce accurate financial statements on a timely 
basis could increase DSM-Firmenich's operating costs, may lead to a loss of trust by the financial community, and 
ultimately could have a material adverse effect on DSM-Firmenich's business, results of operations and financial 
condition. 
DSM-Firmenich is exposed to credit risks.  
DSM-Firmenich is exposed to credit risk on cash and cash equivalents, accounts receivables, fixed-term deposits 
and derivative financial instruments. The failure of any counterparty to meet its payment obligations or 
performance undertakings vis-à-vis DSM-Firmenich or the deterioration in the financial condition of one or more 
of DSM-Firmenich's counterparties could have a material adverse effect on DSM-Firmenich's business, results of 
operations and financial condition.  
Changes in assumptions underlying the carrying value of certain assets could result in impairment of such assets, 
including intangible assets.  
DSM-Firmenich carries significant intangible assets on its balance sheets. Based on the Guarantor 2023 Annual 
Report (as defined in the section “Documents incorporated by reference”), the balance sheet of DSM-Firmenich 
shows €18,738 million of goodwill and intangible assets. The estimate of the carrying value of these assets is 
subject to several assumptions and estimates. If management's estimates or key assumptions on, for instance, 
future cash flows and growth rates change, the estimate of the fair value of assets could fall significantly and result 
in impairment. This could have a material adverse effect on DSM-Firmenich's business, results of operations and 
financial condition.  
DSM-Firmenich has significant liabilities under its defined pension plans, which are subject to change, and the 
actual costs of its pension plan obligations could exceed its estimates.  
DSM-Firmenich is exposed to a number of risks in relation to operating defined benefit plans in a number of 
countries. A defined benefit plan is a post-employment benefit plan that normally defines an amount of benefit 
that an employee will receive upon retirement, usually dependent on one or more factors such as age, years of 
service, compensation and/or guaranteed returns on contributions made. Assumptions related to discount rates, 
inflation, interest crediting rate and future salary increases or mortality rates could have a significant impact on 
DSM-Firmenich's funding requirements relating to these plans. These estimates and assumptions may change 
based on actual return on plan assets, changes in interest rates, demographic situation and governmental 
regulations. Therefore, DSM-Firmenich's funding requirements could change and additional contributions could

--- Page 22 ---
- 22 - 
 
 
be required in the future. In addition, pension plans may not be properly managed by local fund managers or 
trustees in accordance with local regulations. The investment strategy of the pension plans may be misaligned 
with the risk profile of the underlying pension liabilities. Inadequate risk management processes, risk 
identification and strategic decision making may lead to an unbalanced approach towards this risk. Any failure by 
DSM-Firmenich to efficiently manage its pension risks could have a material adverse effect on DSM-Firmenich's 
business, results of operations and financial condition. 
The cross guarantee mechanism in place with the Issuer, the Guarantor and Firmenich International SA entails 
certain limits and restrictions and enforcing such guarantee in a legal proceeding, as necessary, would entail 
additional costs and formalities for the Noteholders. 
The Noteholders will benefit from the Cross-Guarantee Agreement. It should be noted that the obligations of the 
Guarantor, which is the parent of the Issuer, under the Cross Guarantee Agreement are limited to the maximum 
amount that can be guaranteed without constituting a fraudulent conveyance or fraudulent transfer under the 
various applicable insolvency laws. The Guarantor is obligated to make payments owed in respect of the Notes, 
in the event of non-payment by the Issuer without Noteholders needing to take any formal action. However, in 
case of default of the Issuer and non-performance by the Guarantor, if any Noteholder decides to enforce the 
guarantee under the Cross Guarantee Agreement in a legal proceeding, the Noteholder would proceed directly 
against the Guarantor. Potential investors must read the description of the Cross Guarantee Agreement set out in 
the section “Description of the Cross Guarantee” below.  
Furthermore, under the Cross Guarantee Agreement, if any obligation (as defined in the section "Description of 
the Cross Guarantee" below) owed by the Guarantor is not recoverable from the Guarantor, the creditor may call 
upon the guarantee under the Cross Guarantee Agreement and demand immediate payment, or procure the 
payment of the obligation from the Issuer, in accordance with the terms of the Cross Guarantee Agreement. The 
Issuer may therefore have to pay for any obligations of the Guarantor in case of default of the Guarantor.  
The Guarantor is a holding company 
Because the Guarantor is a holding company whose primary assets consist of common stock or other equity 
interests in or amounts due from its subsidiaries (including the Issuer), its income is primarily derived from those 
subsidiaries. The payment of dividends by many of the Guarantor’s direct or indirect subsidiaries is subject to 
various solvency requirements and other restrictions. Restrictions on the ability of the Guarantor’s direct and/or 
indirect subsidiaries to pay dividends or to make other cash payments may materially affect its ability to meet its 
obligations with respect to the guarantee.  
As an equity holder, the Guarantor’s ability to participate in any distribution of assets of any subsidiary is 
subordinated to claims of creditors of the subsidiary, except to the extent that any claims the Guarantor may have 
as a creditor of the subsidiary are judicially recognized. If these sources are not adequate, the Guarantor may be 
unable to meet its obligations with respect to the guarantee.  
Risks relating to taxation 
 
The implementation of Council Directive (EU) 2022/2523 of 14 December 2022 on ensuring a global minimum 
level of taxation for multinational enterprise groups and large-scale domestic groups in the European Union 
may result in a higher tax burden for DSM-Firmenich which could have a negative effect on DSM-Firmenich’s 
solvency and financial condition 
DSM-Firmenich is exposed to the risk that new tax and social security laws, treaties, regulations or practices are 
introduced and that existing tax and social security laws, treaties, regulations or practices or the interpretation and 
enforcement thereof are changed. New tax and social security laws, treaties, regulations or practices or changes 
in existing tax and social security laws, treaties, regulations or practices could adversely affect DSM-Firmenich's 
tax position, including its effective tax rate or the amount of its tax payments (prospectively or retrospectively).

--- Page 23 ---
- 23 - 
 
 
This could have a material adverse effect on DSM-Firmenich's business, results of operations and financial 
condition.  
For example, over 135 jurisdictions (including Switzerland and the Netherlands) have endorsed the initiatives of 
the Organization for Economic Co-operation and Development to address the tax challenges created by an 
increasing digitalized economy, including the ‘Pillar Two’ initiative. Pillar Two would in its current proposed 
form introduce a global minimum tax rate of 15% for certain in-scope multinational enterprises. Switzerland has 
also committed to implement the OECD/G20 minimum tax rate and on 18 June 2023, the Swiss electorate voted 
in favour of the amendment of the Swiss Federal Constitution to allow for the introduction of Pillar Two under 
Swiss law. Based on this constitutional basis, the Federal Council has enacted the Minimum Taxation Ordinance 
that entered into force on 1 January 2024 to temporarily introduce a ‘qualifying domestic minimum tax’ for certain 
in-scope multinational enterprises. Within six years, the Federal Council must present a federal law to Parliament 
that replaces the Minimum Taxation Ordinance.  
In the EU the Council Directive agreed upon by the member states, had to be implemented by all member states 
in their domestic laws by 31 December 2023. The Netherlands implemented the Council Directive in the Dutch 
Minimum Tax Act 2024 (Wet minimumbelasting 2024), which entered into force on 31 December 2023. The 
Dutch Minimum Tax Act 2024 includes the ‘income inclusion rule’, the ‘undertaxed payment rule’ and the 
‘qualified domestic minimum top-up tax’. Pillar Two has been written broadly enough to apply to DSM-
Firmenich's activities. Although DSM-Firmenich expects that Pillar 2 will not have a material impact on the 
Group, at this stage it is difficult to fully determine the exact impact on DSM-Firmenich's tax burden. Therefore, 
the implementation of and Pillar Two in the domestic laws of jurisdictions across the globe (including, but not 
limited to, Switzerland and EU member states) could adversely affect DSM-Firmenich's tax position. 
Another example is the proposal published by the European Commission on 22 December 2021 for a Council 
Directive laying down rules to prevent the misuse of holding companies (also referred to as ATAD 3). ATAD 3 
would in its current proposed form introduce additional reporting and disclosure obligations for certain holding 
companies in the EU. It was initially envisaged that EU member states would implement ATAD 3 in their domestic 
laws by 30 June 2023, and apply such laws as of 1 January 2024, with certain provisions looking back to the two 
preceding tax book years in order to assess whether a holding company falls within the scope of ATAD 3. 
However, a final proposal of ATAD 3 is currently postponed. 
RISK FACTORS RELATING TO THE NOTES 
Risks Related to the Structure of an issuance of Notes 
If the Issuer has the right to redeem any Notes at its option, this may limit the market value of the Notes concerned 
and an investor may not be able to reinvest the redemption proceeds in a manner which achieves a similar effective 
return. 
An optional redemption feature in any Notes may negatively impact their market value. During any period when 
the Issuer may elect to redeem Notes, the market value of those Notes generally will not rise substantially above 
the price at which they can be redeemed. This also may be true prior to any redemption period. 
The Issuer may be expected to redeem Notes when its cost of borrowing is lower than the interest rate on the 
Notes. At those times, an investor generally would not be able to reinvest the redemption proceeds at an effective 
interest rate as high as the interest rate on the Notes being redeemed and may only be able to do so at a significantly 
lower rate. Potential investors should consider reinvestment risk in light of other investments available at that 
time.

--- Page 24 ---
- 24 - 
 
 
The regulation and reform of "benchmarks" may adversely affect the value of Notes linked to or referencing such 
"benchmarks". 
Amounts payable on Floating Rate Notes may be calculated by reference to EURIBOR (which is provided by 
EMMI), or any other benchmark, in each case as specified in the applicable Final Terms. As at the date of this 
Base Prospectus, EMMI is included in the register of administrators and benchmarks established and maintained 
by the European Securities and Markets Authority (“ESMA”) under Article 36 of the EU Benchmarks Regulation. 
Interest rates and indices which are deemed to be "benchmarks” (including EURIBOR) are the subject of recent 
national and international regulatory guidance and proposals for reform. Some of these reforms are already 
effective whilst others are still to be implemented. These reforms may cause such benchmarks to perform 
differently than in the past, to disappear entirely, or have other consequences which cannot be predicted. Any such 
consequence could have a material adverse effect on any Notes linked to or referencing such a "benchmark".  
The EU Benchmarks Regulation applies, subject to certain transitional provisions, to the provision of benchmarks, 
the contribution of input data to a benchmark and the use of a benchmark within the EU. Among other things, it 
(i) requires benchmark administrators to be authorised or registered (or, if non-EU-based, to be subject to an 
equivalent regime or otherwise recognised or endorsed) and (ii) prevents certain uses by EU supervised entities 
of "benchmarks" of administrators that are not authorised or registered (or, if non-EU based, not deemed 
equivalent or recognised or endorsed). The UK Benchmarks Regulation among other things, applies to the 
provision of benchmarks and the use of a benchmark in the UK. Similarly, it prohibits the use in the UK by UK 
supervised entities of benchmarks of administrators that are not authorised by the UK Financial Conduct Authority 
(“FCA”) or registered on the FCA register (or, if non-UK based, not deemed equivalent or recognised or 
endorsed). 
The EU Benchmarks Regulation could have a material impact on any Notes linked to or referencing a 
"benchmark", in particular, if the methodology or other terms of the "benchmark" are changed in order to comply 
with the requirements of the EU Benchmarks Regulation. Such changes could, among other things, have the effect 
of reducing, increasing or otherwise affecting the volatility of the published rate or level of the relevant 
benchmark. 
Separately, the euro risk-free rate working group for the euro area has published a set of guiding principles and 
high-level recommendations for fall-back provisions in, amongst other things, new euro denominated cash 
products (including bonds) referencing EURIBOR. The guiding principles indicate, amongst other things, that 
continuing to reference EURIBOR in relevant contracts (without robust fall-back provisions) may increase the 
risk to the euro area financial system. On 11 May 2021, the euro risk-free rate working group published its 
recommendations on EURIBOR fallback trigger events and fallback rates. On 4 December 2023, the group issued 
its final statement, announcing completion of its mandate. 
It is not possible to predict with certainty whether, and to what extent, EURIBOR will continue to be supported 
going forwards. This may cause EURIBOR to perform differently than they have done in the past, and may have 
other consequences which cannot be predicted. Such factors may have the following currently known effects on 
certain benchmarks: (i) discouraging market participants from continuing to administer or contribute to a 
benchmark; (ii) triggering changes in the rules or methodologies used in the benchmark and/or (iii) leading to the 
disappearance of the benchmark. Any of the above changes as a result of international or national reforms or other 
initiatives or investigations, could have a material adverse effect on the value of and return on any Notes linked 
to or referencing a benchmark. 
Future discontinuance of EURIBOR and any other benchmark may adversely affect the value of Notes which 
reference EURIBOR or such other benchmark. 
Investors should be aware that, if EURIBOR or any other benchmark were discontinued or any other Benchmark 
Event (as defined in Condition 4(b)(iii) has occurred or is otherwise unavailable, the rate of interest on Notes 
which reference EURIBOR or any other benchmark will be determined for the relevant period discontinuation 
provisions set out in Condition 4(b)(iii) applicable to such Notes. If the Issuer determines at any time prior to, on

--- Page 25 ---
- 25 - 
 
 
or following any Interest Determination Date, that a Benchmark Event has occurred in relation to the Notes, the 
Issuer will, as soon as reasonably practicable (and in any event prior to the next relevant Interest Determination 
Date) appoint a Rate Determination Agent (as defined in Condition 4(b)(iii)) which may determine in its sole 
discretion, acting in good faith and in consultation with the Issuer (and in consultation with the Independent 
Adviser if the Rate Determination Agent is the Issuer), a substitute or successor rate, as well as any necessary 
changes to the business day convention, the definition of business day, the interest determination date, the day 
count fraction and any method for calculating the Replacement Reference Rate (as defined in Condition 4(b)(iii)), 
including any Adjustment Spread (as defined in Condition 4(b)(iii)) or other adjustment factor needed to make 
such Replacement Reference Rate comparable to the relevant EURIBOR Rate or Reference Rate. However, there 
is no guarantee that such an Adjustment Spread or other adjustment factor will be determined or applied, or that 
the application of any such factor will produce the same yield for the Noteholders. 
It is possible that the Issuer may itself act as Rate Determination Agent and determine a Replacement Reference 
Rate. In such case, the Issuer will make such determinations and adjustments as it deems appropriate, and acting 
in good faith, in accordance with the Terms and Conditions of the Notes. In making such determinations and 
adjustments, the Issuer may be entitled to exercise substantial discretion and may be subject to conflicts of interest 
in exercising this discretion. There is no guarantee that any Replacement Reference Rate will produce the same 
yield as the rate that was discontinued and the price of the affected Notes may affect this.  
The Replacement Reference Rate will (in the absence of manifest error) be final and binding, and will apply to 
the relevant Notes without any requirement that the Issuer obtain consent of any Noteholders. For the avoidance 
of doubt, Condition 4(b)(ii)(C) may be (re-)applied if a Benchmark Event has occurred in respect of the 
Replacement Reference Rate.  
If the Issuer is unable to appoint a Rate Determination Agent or the Rate Determination Agent is unable to or 
otherwise does not determine a Replacement Reference Rate under Condition 4(b)(iii) with respect to a particular 
Interest Determination Date, this could result in the effective application of a fixed rate to what was previously a 
Floating Rate Note based on the rate which applied before the Benchmark Event occurred. However, in such case, 
the Issuer will re-apply the provisions of Condition 4(b)(iii), mutatis mutandis, for each subsequent Interest 
Determination Date on one or more occasions until a Replacement Reference Rate has been determined, unless 
the Issuer is of the reasonable view (acting in good faith) that re-application is not (yet) appropriate. 
In addition, due to the uncertainty concerning the availability of successor, alternative and substitute reference 
rates and the involvement of a Rate Determination Agent (as defined in Condition 4(b)(iii)), the relevant fallback 
provisions may not operate as intended at the relevant time. The differences between the Replacement Reference 
Rate and the Reference Rate could have a material adverse effect on the value of and return on any such Notes. 
In addition, the Replacement Reference Rate may perform differently from the discontinued benchmark. 
Moreover, any of the above matters or any other significant change to the setting or existence of any relevant 
reference rate could affect the ability of the Issuer to meet its obligations under the Notes or could have a material 
adverse effect on the value or liquidity of, and the amount payable under, the Notes. Furthermore, the terms and 
conditions of the Notes may be amended by the Issuer, as necessary to ensure the proper operation of the 
Replacement Reference Rate, without any requirement for consent or approval of the Noteholders. 
There is a risk that the Rate Determination Agent may be considered an 'administrator' under the EU Benchmarks 
Regulation and/or the UK Benchmarks Regulation. 
The Rate Determination Agent may be considered an ‘administrator’ under the EU Benchmarks Regulation and/or 
the UK Benchmarks Regulation, as applicable. This is the case if it is considered to be in control over the provision 
of the Screen Rate Determination and/or the determined rate of interest on the basis of the Screen Rate 
Determination and any adjustments made thereto by the Rate Determination Agent and/or otherwise in 
determining the applicable rate of interest in the context of a fall-back scenario. This would mean that the Rate 
Determination Agent has control over the (i) administration of the arrangements for determining such rate, (ii) 
collection, analysis or processes of input data for the purposes of determining such rate and (iii) determination of 
such rate through the application of a method of calculation or by an assessment of input data for that purpose.

--- Page 26 ---
- 26 - 
 
 
Furthermore, for the Rate Determination Agent to be considered an ‘administrator’ under the EU Benchmarks 
Regulation and/or the UK Benchmarks Regulation as applicable, the Screen Rate Determination and/or the 
determined rate of interest on the basis of the Screen Rate Determination and any adjustments made thereto by 
the Rate Determination Agent and/or otherwise in determining the applicable rate of interest in the context of a 
fall-back scenario may be a benchmark (index) within the meaning of the EU Benchmarks Regulation and/or the 
UK Benchmarks Regulation, as applicable. This may be the case if the Screen Rate Determination and/or the 
determined rate of interest on the basis of the Screen Rate Determination and any adjustments made thereto by 
the Rate Determination Agent and/or otherwise in determining the applicable rate of interest in the context of a 
fall-back scenario, is published or made available to the public and regularly determined by the application of a 
method of calculation or by an assessment, and on the basis of certain values or surveys. 
The EU Benchmarks Regulation and/or the UK Benchmarks Regulation, as applicable stipulates that each 
administrator of a benchmark regulated thereunder or the benchmark itself must be licensed, registered, 
authorised, recognised or endorsed, as applicable, in accordance with the EU Benchmarks Regulation and/or the 
UK Benchmarks Regulation, as applicable. EMMI is registered as administrator of a benchmark in accordance 
with the EU Benchmarks Regulation and/or the UK Benchmarks Regulation, as applicable. There is a risk that 
administrators (which may include the Rate Determination Agent in the circumstances as described above) of 
certain benchmarks will fail to obtain such registration, authorisation, recognition or endorsement, preventing 
them from continuing to provide such benchmarks, or may otherwise choose to discontinue or no longer provide 
such benchmark. As a result, a fixed rate based on the rate which applied in the previous period when EURIBOR, 
or any other interest rate benchmark was available, may apply to the Notes until the time that registration, 
authorised registration or endorsement of the relevant administrator has been completed or as substitute or 
successor rate for the relevant Reference Rate is available.  
Any of the abovementioned consequences could have a material adverse effect on the value of and return on any 
such Notes. 
Potential conflicts of interest. 
Pursuant to the applicable fall-back provisions contained in Condition 4(g), the Issuer will have the discretion to 
appoint the Calculation Agent, which may lead to a conflict of interests of the Issuer (being responsible for the 
compensation of the Calculation Agent), the Calculation Agent and Noteholders including with respect to certain 
determinations and judgments that the Calculation Agent may make pursuant to Condition 4 that may influence 
the amount receivable under the Notes. The Calculation Agent and the Issuer might have conflicts of interests that 
could have an adverse effect on the interests of the Noteholders as the Calculation Agent has discretionary power 
in deciding the Rate of Interest in accordance with the fall-back provisions. Potential investors should be aware 
that the Issuer may be involved in general business relationship or/and in specific transactions with the Calculation 
Agent as the latter party will be an appropriate office of leading bank who may hold from time to time debt 
securities, shares or/and other financial instruments of the Issuer. Consequently, the Issuer and the Calculation 
Agent might have conflicts of interests that could have an adverse effect to the interests of the Noteholders in 
respect of the determination of the interest rate as a result of a benchmark and/or replacement of amendment of a 
benchmark. 
If the Notes include a feature to convert the interest basis from a fixed rate to a floating rate, or vice versa, this 
may affect the secondary market and the market value of the Notes concerned. 
Fixed/Floating Rate Notes may bear interest at a rate that the Issuer may elect to convert from a fixed rate to a 
floating rate, or from a floating rate to a fixed rate. The Issuer’s ability to convert the interest rate will affect the 
secondary market and the market value of the Notes since the Issuer may be expected to convert the rate when it 
is likely to produce a lower overall cost of borrowing. If the Issuer converts from a fixed rate to a floating rate, 
the spread on the Fixed/Floating Rate Notes may be less favourable than then prevailing spreads on comparable 
Floating Rate Notes tied to the same reference rate. In addition, the new floating rate at any time may be lower 
than the rates on other Notes. If the Issuer converts from a floating rate to a fixed rate, the fixed rate may be lower 
than then prevailing rates on its Notes and could affect the market value of an investment in the relevant Notes.

--- Page 27 ---
- 27 - 
 
 
Notes issued at a substantial discount or premium may experience price volatility in response to changes in market 
interest rates.  
The market values of Notes issued at a substantial discount or premium from their principal amount tend to 
fluctuate more in relation to general changes in interest rates than do prices for conventional interest-bearing 
Notes. Furthermore, the longer the remaining term of the Notes, the greater the price volatility as compared to 
conventional interest-bearing securities with comparable maturities. Such volatility could have a material adverse 
effect on the value of and return on any such Notes.  
If the Issuer has the right to redeem any Notes at its option, it may make such redemption subject to conditions 
precedent, which makes an announced redemption uncertain. 
In the case of Notes where Issuer Refinancing Call, Issuer Make-whole Redemption Call, Transaction Event Call 
or Issuer Clean-up Call is specified as being applicable in the Final Terms, redemption of such Notes may, at the 
Issuer’s discretion, be subject to one or more conditions precedent, in which case the notice of redemption shall 
state the applicable condition(s) precedent and that, in the Issuer’s discretion, the Refinancing Repurchase Date, 
the Make-whole Redemption Date, the Transaction Event Call or the Issuer Clean-up Call Date, as applicable, 
may be delayed until such time as any or all such conditions shall be satisfied (or waived by the Issuer in its sole 
discretion), or such redemption may not occur in the event that any or all such conditions shall not have been 
satisfied (or waived by the Issuer in its sole discretion) by the Refinancing Repurchase Date, the Make-whole 
Redemption Date, the Transaction Event Call, or the Issuer Clean-up Call Date as applicable, or by such dates so 
delayed. 
Risks Related to all Notes 
The Terms and Conditions of the Notes contain provisions which may permit their modification without the 
consent of all investors. 
The Terms and Conditions of the Notes contain provisions for calling meetings (including by way of conference 
call or by use of a videoconference platform) of Noteholders to consider and vote upon matters affecting their 
interests generally, or to pass resolutions in writing or through the use of electronic consents. These provisions 
permit defined majorities to bind all Noteholders including Noteholders who did not attend and vote at the relevant 
meeting or, as the case may be, did not sign the written resolution or give their consent electronically, and 
including those Noteholders who voted in a manner contrary to the majority. 
The Terms and Conditions of the Notes also provide that the Paying Agent may, without the consent of 
Noteholders or Couponholders, agree to (i) any modification (except such modifications in respect of which an 
increased quorum is required as set out in Condition 11 (Meetings of Noteholders and Modifications) of the Notes, 
the Coupons or the Fiscal Agency Agreement (as defined under “Terms and Conditions of the Notes”) which is 
not prejudicial to the interests of the Noteholders or (ii) any modification of the Notes, the Coupons or the Fiscal 
Agency Agreement which is of a formal, minor or technical nature or is made to correct a manifest error or to 
comply with mandatory provisions of the law or (iii) the substitution of another company as principal debtor under 
any Notes in place of the Issuer, in the circumstances described in Condition 14 (Substitution of the Issuer). This 
may lead to the Notes not having certain characteristics as the Noteholders may have expected and may impact 
the return on the Notes. 
The value and return of the Notes could be adversely affected by a change in Dutch law or administrative practice. 
The Terms and Conditions of the Notes are based on Dutch law in effect as at the date of issue of the relevant 
Notes. No assurance can be given as to the impact of any possible judicial decision or change to Dutch law or 
administrative practice after the date of issue of the relevant Notes. Such changes in law may include amendments 
to a variety of tools which may affect the rights of Noteholders. Any such change could materially adversely 
impact the value of any Notes affected by it.

--- Page 28 ---
- 28 - 
 
 
Prospective investors should note that the courts of the Netherlands shall have jurisdiction in respect of any 
disputes involving any series of Notes. Noteholders may take any suit, action or proceedings arising out of or in 
connection with the Notes against the Issuer in any court of competent jurisdiction. Furthermore, in the event that 
the Issuer becomes insolvent, insolvency proceedings will generally be governed by the insolvency laws of the 
Netherlands. The laws of the Netherlands (including, any insolvency laws) may be materially different from the 
equivalent law in the home jurisdiction of prospective investors in its application to the Notes and the treatment 
and ranking of holders of Notes issued by the Issuer and the Issuer’s other creditors and shareholders under the 
insolvency laws of the Issuer’s place of incorporation may be different from the treatment and ranking of holders 
of those Notes and the Issuer’s other creditors and shareholders if the Issuer was subject to the insolvency laws of 
the investor’s home jurisdiction. The application of the laws of the Netherlands may therefore lead to a different 
interpretation of, amongst others, the conditions of the Notes than the investor may expect if the equivalent law 
of his home jurisdiction were applied or if the Issuer was subject to the insolvency laws of the investor’s home 
jurisdiction. This may lead to the Notes not having certain characteristics as the investor may have expected and 
may impact the return on the Notes. 
Payment of additional amounts for Swiss withholding taxes may be null and void 
Although the terms of the Notes and the Cross Guarantee Agreement provide that, in the event of any withholding 
for or on account of Swiss withholding tax being required by Swiss law, the Issuer or the Guarantor, as the case 
may be, shall, subject to certain exceptions, pay additional amounts so that the net amount received by the 
investors shall equal the amount which would have been received by such investor in the absence of such 
withholding, such obligation may contravene Swiss legislation and be null and void and not enforceable in 
Switzerland. 
Risks Related to the Market in respect of the Notes 
An active secondary market in respect of the Notes may never be established or may be illiquid and this would 
adversely affect the value at which an investor could sell his Notes.  
Application has been made to list and trade the Notes to be issued under the Programme on the Luxembourg Stock 
Exchange regulated market appearing on the list of regulated markets issued by the European Commission. In 
addition, the Programme provides that Notes may be listed on other or further stock exchanges or may not be 
listed at all. Regardless of whether the Notes are listed or not, there can be no assurance that a liquid secondary 
market for the Notes will develop or, if it does develop, that it will continue. The fact that the Notes may be listed 
does not necessarily lead to a greater liquidity as compared to unlisted Notes. If Notes are not listed on any 
exchange, pricing information for such Notes may, however, be more difficult to obtain which may affect the 
liquidity of the Notes adversely. In an illiquid market, an investor might not be able to sell his Notes at any time 
at fair market prices and in addition the possibility to sell the Notes might additionally be restricted by country 
specific reasons. Therefore, investors may not be able to sell their Notes easily or at prices that will provide them 
with a yield comparable to similar investments that have a developed trading market. 
Market prices may adversely affect the value at which an investor could sell his Notes. 
The development of market prices of the Notes depends on various factors, such as changes of market interest rate 
levels, the policy of central banks, overall economic developments (such as the economic impact of the novel 
coronavirus), inflation rates or the lack of or excess demand for the relevant type of Note. The holder of Notes is 
therefore exposed to the risk of an unfavourable development of market prices of its Notes which materialises if 
the holder sells the Notes prior to the final maturity of such Notes. Therefore, investors may not be able to sell 
their Notes at prices that will provide them with a yield comparable to similar investments.

--- Page 29 ---
- 29 - 
 
 
If an investor holds Notes which are not denominated in the investor's home currency, he will be exposed to 
movements in exchange rates adversely affecting the value of his holding. In addition, the imposition of exchange 
controls in relation to any Notes could result in an investor not receiving payments on those Notes. 
The Issuer will pay principal and interest on the Notes in a specified currency. This presents certain risks relating 
to currency conversions if an investor's financial activities are denominated principally in a currency or currency 
unit (the “Investor's Currency”) other than the specified currency. These include the risk that exchange rates 
may significantly change (including changes due to devaluation of the specified currency or revaluation of the 
Investor's Currency) and the risk that authorities with jurisdiction over the Investor's Currency may impose or 
modify exchange controls. An appreciation in the value of the Investor's Currency relative to the specified 
currency would decrease (1) the Investor's Currency-equivalent yield on the Notes, (2) the Investor's Currency 
equivalent value of the principal payable on the Notes and (3) the Investor's Currency equivalent market value of 
the Notes. 
Government and monetary authorities may impose (as some have done in the past) exchange controls that could 
adversely affect an applicable exchange rate. As a result, investors may receive less interest or principal than 
expected, or no interest or principal. 
The value of Fixed Rate Notes may be adversely affected by movements in market interest rates. 
Investment in Fixed Rate Notes involves the risk that if market interest rates subsequently increase above the rate 
paid on the Fixed Rate Notes, this will adversely affect the value of the Fixed Rate Notes as an equivalent 
investment issued at the current market interest rate may be more attractive to investors. 
The Notes are subject to market risks related to credit ratings assigned to the Issuer or to the Guarantor or any 
Notes and credit ratings are not conclusive for all the risks associated with an investment in those Notes. 
One or more independent credit rating agencies may assign credit ratings to the Notes or to the Issuer. The 
Company currently has a long-term issuer rating from Moody’s Deutschland GmbH of A3 with a stable outlook 
and from S&P Global Ratings UK Limited of A- with a stable outlook. The Guarantor currently has a long-term 
issuer rating from Moody’s Deutschland GmbH of A3 with a stable outlook and from S&P Global Ratings UK 
Limited of A-. The value of the Notes may be affected by the creditworthiness and the credit rating of the Issuer 
and the credit rating of the Notes. However, the credit ratings may not reflect the potential impact of all risks 
related to structure, market, additional factors discussed above, and other factors that are not reflected in the credit 
ratings may affect the value of the Notes.  
Furthermore, there is no assurance that a rating will remain for any given period of time or that a rating will not 
be lowered or withdrawn by the relevant rating agency if, in its judgment, circumstances in the future so warrant. 
In the event that a rating assigned to the Notes or the Issuer is subsequently lowered for any reason, no person or 
entity is obliged to provide any additional support or credit enhancement with respect to the Notes and the market 
value of the Notes is likely to be adversely affected. 
Finally, the status of the rating agency rating the Notes may change under the EU CRA Regulation and European 
regulated investors may no longer be able to use the rating for regulatory purposes and the Notes may have a 
different regulatory treatment. This may result in European regulated investors selling the Notes which may 
impact the value of the Notes and any secondary market. The price at which a Noteholder will be able to sell the 
Notes prior to maturity may be at a discount, which could be substantial, from the issue price or the purchase price 
paid by such purchaser.

--- Page 30 ---
- 30 - 
 
 
Investors who hold less than the minimum Specified Denomination may be unable to sell their Notes and may be 
adversely affected if definitive Notes are subsequently required to be issued. 
In relation to any issue of Notes which have denominations consisting of a minimum Specified Denomination 
plus one or more higher integral multiples of another smaller amount, it is possible that such Notes may be traded 
in amounts that are not integral multiples of such minimum Specified Denomination. 
In such a case a holder who, as a result of trading such amounts, holds an amount which is less than the minimum 
Specified Denomination in his account with the relevant clearing system at the relevant time (i) may not be able 
to transfer such Notes and (ii) may not receive a definitive Note in respect of such holding (should definitive Notes 
be printed) and in each case would need to purchase a principal amount of Notes such that its holding amounts to 
a Specified Denomination. 
Therefore, if definitive Notes are issued, holders should be aware that definitive Notes which have a denomination 
that is not an integral multiple of the minimum Specified Denomination may be illiquid and difficult to trade.

--- Page 31 ---
- 31 - 
 
 
IMPORTANT INFORMATION 
This Base Prospectus comprises a base prospectus for the purposes of Article 8 of the Prospectus Regulation. 
When used in this Base Prospectus, Prospectus Regulation means Regulation (EU) 2017/1129. 
This Base Prospectus has been approved by the CSSF as competent authority under the Prospectus Regulation. 
The CSSF only approves this Base Prospectus as meeting the standards of completeness, comprehensibility and 
consistency imposed by the Prospectus Regulation. Such approval should not be considered as an endorsement of 
the issuer that is the subject of this Base Prospectus and of the quality of the securities that are the subject of this 
Base Prospectus. Investors should make their own assessment as to the suitability of investing in the Notes.  
This Base Prospectus is to be read in conjunction with any supplements hereto and with all documents which are 
incorporated herein by reference (see “Documents Incorporated by Reference”). This Base Prospectus shall be 
read and construed on the basis that such supplements or documents are incorporated into, and form part of, this 
Base Prospectus and, in relation to any Tranche (as defined in "General Description" below) of Notes, must be 
read and construed together with the applicable Final Terms. Other than in relation to the documents which are 
deemed to be incorporated by reference (see “Documents Incorporated by Reference”), the information on the 
websites to which this Base Prospectus refers does not form part of this Base Prospectus and has not been 
scrutinised or approved by the CSSF. 
This Base Prospectus has been prepared on the basis that any Notes with a minimum denomination of less than 
€100,000 (or equivalent in another currency) will (i) only be admitted to trading on an EEA regulated market (as 
defined in MiFID II), or a specific segment of an EEA regulated market, to which only qualified investors (as 
defined in the Prospectus Regulation) can have access (in which case they shall not be offered or sold to non-
qualified investors) or (ii) only be offered to the public in an EEA Member State pursuant to an exemption under 
Article 1(4) of the Prospectus Regulation.   
None of the Arranger or the Dealers appointed by the Issuer or their respective affiliates have separately verified 
the information contained herein or authorised the whole or any part of this Base Prospectus. Accordingly, no 
representation, warranty or undertaking, express or implied, is made and no responsibility is accepted by such 
Arranger and Dealers or their respective affiliates as to the accuracy or completeness of the information contained 
in this Base Prospectus or any other information provided by the Issuer. None of the Arranger, the Dealers or their 
respective affiliates accept any liability in relation to the information contained in this Base Prospectus or any 
other information provided by the Issuer in connection with the Programme.  
No person has been authorised to give any information or to make any representation not contained in or not 
consistent with this Base Prospectus or any other document entered into in relation to the Programme or any other 
information supplied in connection with the Programme and, if given or made, such information or representation 
must not be relied upon as having been authorised by the Issuer, the Arranger or any of the Dealers. 
Neither this Base Prospectus nor any other information supplied in connection with the Programme should be 
considered as a recommendation by the Issuer or any of the Dealers that any recipient of this Base Prospectus or 
any other information supplied in connection with the Programme should purchase any Notes. This Base 
Prospectus identifies in a general way the information that a prospective investor should consider prior to making 
an investment in the Notes. However, a prospective investor should conduct its own thorough analysis (including 
its own accounting, legal and tax analysis) and consult with its own professional advisors (including its financial, 
accounting, legal and tax advisors) if it considers it necessary prior to deciding whether to invest in the Notes, as 
any evaluation of the suitability for an investor of an investment in the Notes depends upon a prospective 
investor’s particular financial and other circumstances, as well as on specific terms of the Notes. Each investor 
contemplating purchasing any Notes should make its own independent investigation of the financial condition and 
affairs, and its own appraisal of the creditworthiness, of the Issuer. Neither this Base Prospectus nor any other 
information supplied in connection with the Programme or the issue of any Notes constitutes an offer or invitation 
by or on behalf of the Issuer or any of the Dealers to any person to subscribe for or to purchase any Notes.

--- Page 32 ---
- 32 - 
 
 
Each prospective investor of Notes must determine, based on its own independent review and such professional 
advice as it deems appropriate under the circumstances, that its acquisition of the Notes (i) is fully consistent with 
its (or if it is acquiring the Notes in a fiduciary capacity, the beneficiary's) financial needs, objectives and 
condition, (ii) complies and is fully consistent with any investment policies, guidelines and restrictions applicable 
to it (whether acquiring the Notes as principal or in a fiduciary capacity) and (iii) is a fit, proper and suitable 
investment for it (or, if it is acquiring the Notes in a fiduciary capacity, for the beneficiary). In particular, 
investment activities of certain investors are subject to investment laws and regulations, or review or regulation 
by certain authorities. Each prospective investor should therefore consult its legal advisers to determine whether 
and to what extent (i) the Notes are legal investments for it, (ii) the Notes can be used as underlying securities for 
various types of borrowing and (iii) other restrictions apply to its purchase or pledge of any Notes.  
The Issuer, including any group company, is acting solely in the capacity of an arms' length contractual 
counterparty and not as a purchaser’s financial adviser or fiduciary in any transaction unless the Issuer has agreed 
to do so in writing. If a prospective investor does not have experience in financial, business and investment matters 
sufficient to permit it to make such a determination, the investor should consult with its financial adviser prior to 
deciding to make an investment on the suitability of the Notes. Investors risk losing their entire investment or part 
of it. 
Financial institutions should consult their legal advisers or the appropriate regulators to determine the appropriate 
treatment of Notes under any applicable risk-based capital or similar rules. 
Prospective investors should consider all information provided in the Base Prospectus. Neither the delivery of this 
Base Prospectus or any Final Terms nor the offering, sale or delivery of any Notes shall in any circumstances 
imply that the information contained herein concerning the Issuer is correct at any time subsequent to the date 
hereof or the date upon which this Base Prospectus has been most recently supplemented or that there has been 
no adverse change, or any event reasonably likely to involve any adverse change, in the prospects or financial or 
trading position of the Issuer since such date, or that any other information supplied in connection with the 
Programme is correct as of any time subsequent to the date indicated in the document containing the same. The 
Arranger and the Dealers expressly do not undertake to review the financial condition or affairs of the Issuer 
during the life of the Programme. Investors should carefully review and evaluate, inter alia, the most recent 
financial statements of the Issuer when deciding whether or not to purchase any Notes. 
This Base Prospectus does not constitute an offer to sell or the solicitation of an offer to buy any Notes in any 
jurisdiction to any person to whom it is unlawful to make the offer or solicitation in such jurisdiction. 
The distribution of this Base Prospectus, any supplements hereto and any Final Terms and the offering, sale and 
delivery of the Notes in certain jurisdictions may be restricted by law. Persons into whose possession this Base 
Prospectus, any supplements hereto or any Final Terms comes are required by the Issuer and the Dealers to inform 
themselves about and to observe any such restrictions. For a description of certain restrictions on offers, sales and 
deliveries of Notes and on the distribution of the Base Prospectus, any supplements hereto or any Final Terms and 
other offering material relating to the Notes, see "Subscription and Sale". In particular, Notes have not been and 
will not be registered under the United States Securities Act of 1933, as amended (the "Securities Act"), or any 
securities regulatory authorities of any state or other jurisdiction of the United States and the Notes are subject to 
U.S. tax law requirements. Subject to certain exceptions, the Notes may not be offered, sold or delivered within 
the United States or to, or for the account of, U.S. persons. Neither this Base Prospectus or any supplements hereto 
nor any Final Terms may be used for the purpose of an offer or solicitation by anyone in any jurisdiction in which 
such offer or solicitation is not authorised or to any person to whom it is unlawful to make such an offer or 
solicitation. 
In this Base Prospectus, unless otherwise specified, references to a "Member State" are references to a Member 
State of the EEA, references to “U.S.$”, “U.S. dollars” or “dollars” are to United States dollars, references to 
“EUR” or “euro” are to the currency introduced at the start of the third stage of European economic and monetary 
union pursuant to the Treaty on the Functioning of the European Union, as amended, references to “Sterling”, 
“£” refer to the currency of the United Kingdom.

--- Page 33 ---
- 33 - 
 
 
In connection with the issue of any Tranche of Notes, the Dealer or Dealers (if any) named as the Stabilising 
Manager(s) (or persons acting on behalf of any Stabilising Manager(s)) in the applicable Final Terms may over-
allot or effect transactions with a view to supporting the market price of the Notes at a level higher than that which 
might otherwise prevail. However, stabilisation may not necessarily occur. Any stabilisation action may begin on 
or after the date on which adequate public disclosure of the terms of the offer of the relevant Tranche of Notes is 
made and, if begun, may cease at any time, but it must end no later than the earlier of 30 days after the issue date 
of the relevant Tranche of Notes and 60 days after the date of the allotment of the relevant Tranche of Notes. Any 
stabilisation action or over-allotment must be conducted by the relevant Stabilising Manager(s) (or persons acting 
on behalf of any Stabilising Manager(s)) in accordance with all applicable laws and rules. 
MIFID II PRODUCT GOVERNANCE / TARGET MARKET – The Final Terms in respect of any Notes may 
include a legend entitled “MiFID II Product Governance” which will outline the target market assessment in 
respect of the Notes and which channels for distribution of the Notes are appropriate. Any person subsequently 
offering, selling or recommending the Notes (a “distributor”) should take into consideration the target market 
assessment; however, a distributor subject to Directive 2014/65/EU (as amended, “MiFID II”) is responsible for 
undertaking its own target market assessment in respect of the Notes (by either adopting or refining the target 
market assessment) and determining appropriate distribution channels.  
A determination will be made in relation to each issue about whether, for the purpose of the MiFID Product 
Governance rules under EU Delegated Directive 2017/593 (the “MiFID Product Governance Rules”), any 
Dealer subscribing for any Notes is a manufacturer in respect of such Notes, but otherwise neither the Arranger 
nor the Dealers nor any of their respective affiliates will be a manufacturer for the purpose of the MiFID Product 
Governance Rules. 
UK MIFIR PRODUCT GOVERNANCE / TARGET MARKET - The Final Terms in respect of any Notes 
may include a legend entitled "UK MiFIR Product Governance" which will outline the target market assessment 
in respect of the Notes and which channels for distribution of the Notes are appropriate. Any person subsequently 
offering, selling or recommending the Notes (a “distributor”) should take into consideration the target market 
assessment; however, a distributor subject to the FCA Handbook Product Intervention and Product Governance 
Sourcebook (the “UK MiFIR Product Governance Rules”) is responsible for undertaking its own target market 
assessment in respect of the Notes (by either adopting or refining the target market assessment) and determining 
appropriate distribution channels.  
A determination will be made in relation to each issue about whether, for the purpose of the UK MiFIR Product 
Governance Rules, any Dealer subscribing for any Notes is a manufacturer in respect of such Notes, but otherwise 
neither the Arranger nor the Dealers nor any of their respective affiliates will be a manufacturer for the purpose 
of the UK MIFIR Product Governance Rules. 
IMPORTANT – EEA RETAIL INVESTORS – If the Final Terms in respect of any Notes includes a legend 
entitled "Prohibition of Sales to EEA Retail Investors", the Notes are not intended to be offered, sold or otherwise 
made available to and should not be offered, sold or otherwise made available to any retail investor in the European 
Economic Area (“EEA”). For these purposes, a retail investor means a person who is one (or more) of: (i) a retail 
client as defined in point (11) of Article 4(1) MiFID II; (ii) a customer within the meaning of Directive 2016/97/EU 
(the “Insurance Distribution Directive”), where that customer would not qualify as a professional client as 
defined in point (10) of Article 4(1) of MiFID II; or (iii) not a qualified investor as defined in the Prospectus 
Regulation. Consequently no key information document required by Regulation (EU) No 1286/2014 (the “PRIIPs 
Regulation”) for offering or selling the Notes or otherwise making them available to retail investors in the EEA 
has been prepared and therefore offering or selling the Notes or otherwise making them available to any retail 
investor in the EEA may be unlawful under the PRIIPs Regulation. 
IMPORTANT – UK RETAIL INVESTORS – If the Final Terms in respect of any Notes includes a legend 
entitled "Prohibition of Sales to UK Retail Investors", the Notes are not intended to be offered, sold or otherwise 
made available to and should not be offered, sold or otherwise made available to any retail investor in the UK. 
For these purposes, a retail investor means a person who is one (or more) of: (i) a retail client, as defined in point

--- Page 34 ---
- 34 - 
 
 
(8) of Article 2 of Regulation (EU) No 2017/565 as it forms part of domestic law by virtue of the European Union 
(Withdrawal) Act 2018 (“EUWA”); or (ii) a customer within the meaning of the provisions of the FSMA and any 
rules or regulations made under the FSMA to implement Directive (EU) 2016/97, where that customer would not 
qualify as a professional client, as defined in point (8) of Article 2(1) of Regulation (EU) No 600/2014 as it forms 
part of domestic law by virtue of the EUWA; or (iii) not a qualified investor as defined in Article 2 of Regulation 
(EU) 2017/1129 as it forms part of domestic law by virtue of the EUWA. Consequently no key information 
document required by Regulation (EU) No 1286/2014 as it forms part of domestic law by virtue of the EUWA 
(the “UK PRIIPs Regulation”) for offering or selling the Notes or otherwise making them available to retail 
investors in the UK has been prepared and therefore offering or selling the Notes or otherwise making them 
available to any retail investor in the UK may be unlawful under the UK PRIIPs Regulation. 
In connection with the issue of any Tranche of Notes, the Dealer or Dealers (if any) named as the Stabilising 
Manager(s) (or persons acting on behalf of any Stabilising Manager(s)) in the applicable Final Terms may over-
allot Notes or effect transactions with a view to supporting the market price of the Notes at a level higher than that 
which might otherwise prevail. However, stabilisation may not necessarily occur. The stabilisation shall start on 
the date of adequate public disclosure of the terms of the relevant Tranche of Notes and end either no later than 
30 calendar days after the date on which the Issuer received the proceeds of the issue, or no later than 60 calendar 
days after the date of allotment of the Trance of Notes, whichever is earlier. Such stabilising shall be conducted 
in accordance with all applicable laws and rules. Any loss or profit sustained as a consequence of any such over-
allotment or stabilising shall, as against the Issuer, be for the account of the Stabilising Manager(s) and the 
Dealer(s). 
LEGAL INVESTMENT CONSIDERATIONS MAY RESTRICT CERTAIN INVESTMENTS 
The investment activities of certain investors are subject to laws and regulations, or review or regulation by certain 
authorities. Each potential investor should consult its legal advisers to determine whether and to what extent (1) 
Notes are legal investments for it, (2) Notes can be used as collateral for various types of borrowing and (3) other 
restrictions apply to its purchase or pledge of any Notes. Financial institutions should consult their legal advisers 
or the appropriate regulators to determine the appropriate treatment of Notes under any applicable risk-based 
capital or similar rules. 
SUITABILITY OF INVESTMENT 
The Notes may not be a suitable investment for all investors. Each potential investor in the Notes must determine 
the suitability of that investment in light of its own circumstances. In particular, each potential investor may wish 
to consider, either on its own or with the help of its financial and other professional advisers, whether it: 
(i) 
has sufficient knowledge and experience to make a meaningful evaluation of the Notes, the merits and 
risks of investing in the Notes and the information contained or incorporated by reference in this Base 
Prospectus or any applicable supplement; 
(ii) 
has access to, and knowledge of, appropriate analytical tools to evaluate, in the context of its particular 
financial situation, an investment in the Notes and the impact the Notes will have on its overall 
investment portfolio; 
(iii) 
has sufficient financial resources and liquidity to bear all of the risks of an investment in the Notes, 
including Notes with principal or interest payable in one or more currencies, or where the currency for 
principal or interest payments is different from the potential investor's currency; 
(iv) 
understands thoroughly the terms of the Notes and is familiar with the behaviour of any relevant indices 
and financial markets; and 
(v) 
is able to evaluate possible scenarios for economic, interest rate and other factors that may affect its 
investment and its ability to bear the applicable risks.

--- Page 35 ---
- 35 - 
 
 
DOCUMENTS INCORPORATED BY REFERENCE 
The following documents, which have previously been published or are published simultaneously with this Base 
Prospectus and have been filed with the CSSF, shall be incorporated in, and to form part of, this Base Prospectus 
and this Base Prospectus should be read and construed in conjunction with such documents: 
(i) 
the following sections of the 2022 Integrated Annual Report of the Issuer (in English) which can be 
obtained 
from: 
https://annualreport.dsm.com/ar2022/_assets/downloads/entire-dsm-ar22.pdf 
(the 
“Issuer 2022 Annual Report”): 
Summary of significant accounting policies 
Page 199 - 206 
Consolidated financial statements 
Page 207 - 212 
Notes to the consolidated financial statements of Royal DSM 
Page 213 - 265 
Independent Auditors' Report  
Page 276 - 289 
(ii) 
the following sections of the 2023 Integrated Annual Report of the Issuer (in English) which can be 
obtained 
from: 
https://www.dsm.com/content/dam/dsm/corporate/en_US/documents/dsmbv-2023-
integrated-annual-report-14052024.pdf (the “Issuer 2023 Annual Report”): 
Consolidated financial statements 
Page 32 - 38 
Notes to the consolidated financial statements 
Page 39 - 102 
Independent Auditors' Report  
Page 115 - 124 
(iii) 
the Financial Statements 2022 of the Guarantor (in English and under the initial corporate name Danube 
AG) 
which 
can 
be 
obtained 
from: 
https://www.dsm-firmenich.com/content/dam/dsm-
firmenich/corporate/documents/results-center/danube-ag-financial-statements-2022.pdf 
(the 
“Guarantor 2022 Annual Report”); 
(iv) 
the following sections of the 2023 Integrated Annual Report of the Guarantor (in English) and 
consolidated 
subsidiaries 
which 
can 
be 
obtained 
from: 
(https://www.DSM-
Firmenich.com/content/dam/DSM-Firmenich/corporate/documents/results-center/entire-dsmfirmenich-
iar23.pdf) (the “Guarantor 2023 Annual Report”): 
Consolidated financial statements 
Page 192 - 197 
Notes to the consolidated financial statements 
Page 198 - 267 
Independent Auditors' Report  
Page 268 - 273 
(v) 
the articles of association (statuten) of the Issuer in their entirety which can be obtained from: 
https://www.dsm.com/content/dam/dsm/corporate/en_US/documents/amendment-articles-of-
association-of-dsm-bv.pdf; 
(vi) 
the articles of association (Statuten) of the Guarantor in their entirety which can be obtained from: 
https://www.dsm-firmenich.com/content/dam/dsm-firmenich/corporate/documents/dsm-firmenich-aoa-
after-egm_18072023.pdf); 
(vii) 
the press release published by the Guarantor on 2 May 2024 entitled “dsm-firmenich Q1 2024 trading 
update”  in its entirety (other than the last bullet under the header “Q1 2024 Highlights” and the paragraph 
under 
the 
header 
“Outlook 
2024”), 
which 
can 
be 
obtained 
from: 
https://www.dsm-
firmenich.com/content/dam/dsm-firmenich/corporate/documents/results-center/press-release-dsm-
firmenich-q1-fy2024-trading-update_20240502.pdf;

--- Page 36 ---
- 36 - 
 
 
(viii) 
the press release published by the Guarantor on 8 April 2024 entitled “dsm-firmenich announces 
repurchase of 1.5m shares to cover share plans” in its entirety, which can be obtained from: 
https://www.dsm-firmenich.com/content/dam/dsm-firmenich/corporate/documents/dsm-firmenich-ag-
announces-share-repurchase.pdf;  
(ix) 
the press release published by the Guarantor on 8 March 2024 entitled “dsm-firmenich completes the 
divestiture of its Jiangshan Vitamin C plant in China” in its entirety, which can be obtained from 
https://www.dsm-firmenich.com/content/dam/dsm-firmenich/corporate/documents/media/press-
release-dsm-firmenich-completes-the-divestiture-of-its-jiangshan-vitaminc-plant-in-china-
08032024.pdf;  
(x) 
the press release published by the Guarantor on 15 February 2024 entitled “dsm-firmenich to separate 
out Animal Nutrition & Health business from the Group” in its entirety (other than the sentence “The 
Company remains confident in realizing a contribution of €100 million in adjusted EBITDA in 2024 and 
the 
full 
benefit 
of 
€200 
million 
in 
2025.”),  
which 
can 
be 
obtained 
from: 
https://www.dsm-firmenich.com/content/dam/dsm-
firmenich/corporate/documents/media/press-release-dsm-firmenich-to-separate-out-anh-15022023.pdf;    
(xi) 
the press release published by the Guarantor on 12 February 2024 entitled “dsm-firmenich completes 
voluntary 
cash 
offer 
for 
DSM 
shares” 
in 
its 
entirety,  
which 
can 
be 
obtained 
from: 
https://www.dsm-firmenich.com/content/dam/dsm-
firmenich/corporate/documents/media/press-release-dsm-firmenich-completion-of-voluntary-cash-
offer-12022024.pdf; 
(xii) 
the press release published by the Guarantor on 8 January 2024 entitled “dsm-firmenich makes voluntary 
cash offer for DSM shares” in its entirety, which can be obtained from: https://www.dsm-
firmenich.com/content/dam/dsm-firmenich/corporate/documents/media/press-release-dsm-firmenich-
voluntary-cash-offer-08012024.pdf; and 
(xiii) 
the press release published by the Guarantor on 10 October 2023 entitled “dsm-firmenich achieves 
regulatory clearance in China for two HMO ingredients for early life nutrition” in its entirety, 
which 
can 
be 
obtained 
from: 
https://www.dsm-firmenich.com/content/dam/dsm-
firmenich/corporate/documents/media/press-release-dsm-firmenich-2-fl-and-lnnt-china-regulatory-
approval-10102023.pdf,  
save that any statement contained in a document which is incorporated by reference herein shall be deemed to be 
modified or superseded for the purpose of this Base Prospectus to the extent that a statement contained herein 
modifies or supersedes such earlier statement (whether expressly, by implication or otherwise). 
Any information contained in any of the documents specified in paragraph (i), (ii) and (iv) above, which is not 
listed in the cross reference list above and as such is not incorporated by reference in this Base Prospectus, is 
either not relevant to investors or is covered elsewhere in this Base Prospectus.  
This Base Prospectus and the documents incorporated by reference herein are available on the Luxembourg Stock 
Exchange website (www.luxse.com). 
The non-incorporated parts of the documents mentioned above are either not relevant for the investor or covered 
elsewhere in this Base Prospectus. 
The Issuer and the Guarantor will provide, without charge, to each person, upon the written request or request by 
email of such person, a copy of any or all of the documents which are incorporated herein by reference. Requests 
for such documents can be sent to investors@dsm-firmenich.com or to the registered office of the Issuer at 
Wilhelminasingel 39, 6221 BE Maastricht, The Netherlands for the attention of Investor Relations (+31 88 425 
7306).

--- Page 37 ---
- 37 - 
 
 
The Issuer and the Guarantor will, in the event of a significant new factor, material mistake or material inaccuracy 
relating to the information contained in this Base Prospectus which is capable of affecting the assessment of any 
Notes, prepare a supplement to this Base Prospectus or publish a new prospectus for use in connection with any 
subsequent issue of Notes.

--- Page 38 ---
- 38 - 
 
 
TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THE NOTES 
The following are the Terms and Conditions of the Notes which will be incorporated by reference into each Global 
Note (as defined below) and each Note in definitive form, in the latter case only if permitted by the relevant stock 
exchange or other relevant authority (if any) and agreed by the Issuer and the relevant Dealer at the time of issue 
but, if not so permitted and agreed, such Note in definitive form will have endorsed thereon or attached thereto 
such Terms and Conditions. The applicable Final Terms in relation to any Tranche of Notes may specify other 
terms and conditions which shall, to the extent so specified or to the extent inconsistent with the following Terms 
and Conditions, complete the following Terms and Conditions for the purpose of such Notes. The applicable Final 
Terms (or the relevant provisions thereof) will be endorsed upon, or attached to, each Global Note and Note in 
definitive form. 
The Notes are issued pursuant to a fiscal agency agreement dated 20 June 2024, as amended or supplemented 
from time to time (the “Fiscal Agency Agreement”) between DSM B.V. (the “Issuer”) and Citibank, N.A., 
London Branch as fiscal agent and paying agent (the “Fiscal Agent” and the “Paying Agent” and together with 
any additional or other paying agents in respect of the Notes from time to time appointed, the “Paying Agents”). 
The Calculation Agent (if any) is specified on this Note. The Noteholders (as defined below), the holders of the 
coupons (the “Coupons”) appertaining to interest bearing Notes in bearer form and, where applicable in the case 
of such Notes, talons for further Coupons (the “Talons”) (the “Couponholders”) are bound by and deemed to 
have notice of all of the provisions of the Fiscal Agency Agreement applicable to them and these Terms and 
Conditions. A copy of the Fiscal Agency Agreement is available for inspection at the specified office of each of 
the Paying Agents. 
The Final Terms for this Note (or the relevant provisions thereof) are attached to or endorsed on this Note and 
supplement these Terms and Conditions (the “Conditions”) and may specify other terms and conditions which 
shall, to the extent so specified or to the extent inconsistent with the Conditions complete the Conditions for the 
purposes of this Note. References to the Final Terms are to the Final Terms (or the relevant provisions thereof) 
attached to or endorsed on this Note. 
As used herein, “Tranche” means Notes which are identical in all respects (including as to listing) and “Series” 
means a Tranche of Notes together with any further Tranche or Tranches of Notes which are (i) expressed to be 
consolidated and form a single series and (ii) identical in all respects (including as to listing) except for their 
respective Issue Dates, Interest Commencement Dates and/or Issue Prices. 
In these Conditions, “Noteholder” means the bearer of any Bearer Note (as defined hereunder), “holder” means 
(in relation to a Note, Coupon or Talon) the bearer of any Bearer Note, Coupon or Talon (as the case may be) and 
capitalised terms have the meanings given to them on this Note, the absence of any such meaning indicating that 
such term is not applicable to the Notes. In these Conditions, capitalised terms have the meanings given to them 
on this Note, the absence of any such meaning indicating that such term is not applicable to the Notes. 
1. 
Form, Denomination, Maturity and Title 
The Notes are issued in bearer form (“Bearer Notes”) in the denomination of the Specified Denomination(s). In 
the case of any Notes which are to be admitted to trading on a regulated market within the European Economic 
Area or offered to the public in a Member State of the European Economic Area in circumstances which require 
the publication of a Prospectus under the Prospectus Regulation (as defined below), the minimum denomination 
shall be EUR 100,000 (or its equivalent in any other currency as at the date of issue of the relevant Notes). The 
expression “Prospectus Regulation” means Regulation (EU) 2017/1129.  
The Notes may have such maturities as may be agreed between the Issuer and the relevant Dealer, subject to such 
minimum or maximum maturity as may be allowed or required from time to time by the relevant central bank (or 
equivalent body) or any laws or regulations applicable to the Issuer or the relevant Specified Currency. Save as 
provided above, the Notes are not subject to any maximum maturity.

--- Page 39 ---
- 39 - 
 
 
This Note may be a Fixed Rate Note, a Floating Rate Note or a combination thereof, depending upon the Interest 
and Redemption/Payment Basis shown in the applicable Final Terms. 
The Bearer Notes are serially numbered and are issued with Coupons (and, where appropriate, a Talon) attached. 
Title to the Bearer Notes and the Coupons and Talons appertaining thereto shall pass by delivery unless applicable 
law provides otherwise or provides for additional requirements for transfer of title. Except as ordered by a court 
of competent jurisdiction or as required by law, the holder of any Note, Coupon or Talon shall be deemed to be 
and may be treated as the absolute owner of such Note, Coupon or Talon, as the case may be, for the purpose of 
receiving payment thereon or on account thereof and for all other purposes, whether or not such Note, Coupon or 
Talon shall be overdue and notwithstanding any notice of ownership, theft or loss thereof or any writing thereon 
made by anyone. 
For so long as any of the Notes is represented by a Global Note held on behalf of Euroclear Bank SA/NV 
(“Euroclear”) and/or Clearstream Banking, S.A. (“Clearstream, Luxembourg”), each person (other than 
Euroclear or Clearstream, Luxembourg) who is for the time being shown in the records of Euroclear or 
Clearstream, Luxembourg as the holder of a particular nominal amount of such Notes (in which regard any 
certificate or other document issued by Euroclear or Clearstream, Luxembourg as to the nominal amount of Notes 
standing to the account of any person shall be conclusive and binding for all purposes save in the case of manifest 
error) shall be treated by the Issuer and any Paying Agent as the holder of such nominal amount of such Notes for 
all purposes other than with respect to the payment of principal or interest on the Notes, for which purpose the 
bearer of the relevant Global Note shall be treated by the Issuer and any Paying Agent as the holder of such Notes 
in accordance with and subject to the terms of the relevant Global Note which, for so long as the relevant Global 
Note is held by a depositary or common depositary, in the case of a CGN, or a common safekeeper, in the case of 
an NGN, for Euroclear or Clearstream, Luxembourg and/or (except in the case of an NGN) any other relevant 
clearing system, will be that depositary or common depositary or, as the case may be, common safekeeper (and 
the expressions Noteholder and holder of Notes and related expressions shall be construed accordingly). Notes 
which are represented by a Global Note held by a common depositary for Euroclear or Clearstream, Luxembourg 
will be transferable only in accordance with the rules and procedures for the time being of Euroclear or of 
Clearstream, Luxembourg, as the case may be. 
References to Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg shall, whenever the context so permits, be deemed to 
include a reference to any additional or alternative clearing system specified in the applicable Final Terms. 
Words and expressions defined in the Fiscal Agency Agreement and the applicable Final Terms shall have the 
same meanings when used in these Conditions, unless the context otherwise requires or unless otherwise stated in 
these Conditions. 
2. 
Status 
(a) 
Status of the Notes  
The Notes and Coupons constitute direct, unconditional and (without prejudice to the provisions 
of Condition 3 (Negative Pledge)) unsecured and unsubordinated obligations of the Issuer and 
rank at least pari passu and rateably without any preference among themselves and (subject to 
any applicable statutory exceptions and without prejudice as aforesaid) equally with all other 
present and future unsecured and unsubordinated obligations of the Issuer. 
(b) 
Cross Guarantee Agreement  
The indebtedness of the Issuer under the Notes falls within the scope of, and benefits from, the 
Cross Guarantee Agreement. Under the Cross Guarantee Agreement (i) DSM-Firmenich AG 
guarantees irrevocably and unconditionally, the existing obligations set forth in the Cross 
Guarantee Agreement and certain future unsubordinated obligations owed to any creditor by

--- Page 40 ---
- 40 - 
 
 
DSM B.V. and (ii) DSM B.V. guarantees irrevocably and unconditionally, the existing 
obligations set forth in the Cross Guarantee Agreement and certain future unsubordinated 
obligations owed to any creditor by DSM-Firmenich AG, all as further specified in the Cross 
Guarantee Agreement. 
The Guarantor has undertaken in the Cross Guarantee Agreement that its obligations under the 
Cross Guarantee Agreement will at all times rank at least pari passu with all other present and 
future unsecured and unsubordinated obligations of the Guarantor, save for such obligations as 
may be preferred by provisions of law that are both mandatory and of general application. 
(c) 
Definitions 
As used in these Conditions, unless the context otherwise requires, the following defined terms 
shall have the meanings set out below: 
“Cross Guarantee Agreement” means the cross guarantee agreement dated 30 May 2024 
among the Issuer, the Guarantor and Firmenich International SA (as amended or updated from 
time to time). 
“Guarantor” means DSM-Firmenich AG. 
3. 
Negative Pledge 
So long as any of the Notes remains outstanding, the Issuer undertakes that if it shall, after the Issue Date of the 
Notes, secure any Public Debt or Private Debt, then or thereafter existing, by any lien, pledge or other charge upon 
any of its present or future assets or revenues, the Notes shall share in and be equally and rateably secured by such 
lien, pledge or other charge, and the instrument creating such lien, pledge or other charge shall expressly so 
provide (save under the Cross Guarantee Agreement).  
For the purposes of the foregoing paragraph, (i) “Public Debt” means any loan, debt, guarantee or other obligation 
of the Issuer represented by bonds, notes, debentures or any other publicly-issued debt securities which are, or are 
intended to be, from time to time quoted, listed or ordinarily dealt in on any stock exchange, automated trading 
system, over the counter or other securities market and (ii) “Private Debt” means loans, debts, guarantees or other 
obligations of the Issuer (other than Public Debt) in excess (whether alone or in aggregate with other loans, debts, 
guarantees or other obligations of the Issuer (other than Public Debt)) of 2 per cent. or more of the value of the 
total assets of the Issuer and its group companies as per the most recently delivered audited consolidated financial 
statements for that financial year or half-yearly condensed consolidated financial statements for that year. 
4. 
Interest 
(a) 
Rate of Interest on Fixed Rate Notes and Accrual 
Each Note specified as being a Fixed Rate Note in the applicable Final Terms (each a “Fixed 
Rate Note”) bears interest on its outstanding nominal amount from the Interest Commencement 
Date at the rate per annum (expressed as a percentage) equal to the Rate of Interest payable in 
arrear on each Interest Payment Date. 
If a Fixed Coupon Amount or a Broken Amount is specified in the applicable Final Terms, the 
amount of interest payable on each Interest Payment Date will amount to the Fixed Coupon 
Amount or, if applicable, the Broken Amount so specified and in the case of the Broken Amount 
will be payable on the particular Interest Payment Date(s) specified in the applicable Final 
Terms.

--- Page 41 ---
- 41 - 
 
 
If a Fixed Coupon Amount or a Broken Amount is not specified in the applicable Final Terms, 
the amount of interest payable on each Interest Payment Date shall be calculated in accordance 
with Condition 4(e) (Calculations). 
(b) 
Interest on Floating Rate Notes 
(i) 
Interest Payment Dates: each Floating Rate Note bears Interest on its outstanding 
nominal amount from the Interest Commencement Date at the rate per annum 
(expressed as a percentage) equal to the Rate of Interest, such Interest being payable 
in arrear on each Interest Payment Date. Such Interest Payment Date(s) is/are either 
shown in the applicable Final Terms as Specified Interest Payment Dates or, if no 
Specified Interest Payment Date(s) is/are shown in the applicable Final Terms, Interest 
Payment Date shall mean each date which falls the number of months or other period 
shown in the applicable Final Terms as the Specified Period after the preceding Interest 
Payment Date or, in the case of the first Interest Payment Date, after the Interest 
Commencement Date. 
(ii) 
Rate of Interest on Floating Rate Notes: the Rate of Interest in respect of Floating Rate 
Notes for each Interest Period shall be determined in the manner specified in the 
applicable Final Terms. 
The Rate of Interest for each Interest Period shall be the interest rate as determined by 
the Calculation Agent at or about the Relevant Time on the Interest Determination Date 
in respect of such Interest Period in accordance with the following, plus or minus (as 
indicated in the applicable Final Terms) the Margin (if any): 
(x) 
Subject as provided below, the Rate of Interest shall be: 
(I) 
the Reference Rate (where such Reference Rate on such 
Relevant Screen Page is a composite quotation or is 
customarily supplied by one entity); or 
(II) 
the arithmetic mean of the Reference Rates of the persons 
whose Reference Rates appear on that Relevant Screen 
Page, 
in each case appearing on such Relevant Screen Page at the 
Relevant Time on the Interest Determination Date; 
(y) 
if sub-paragraph (x)(I) or (x)(II) applies and neither the Relevant 
Screen Page is published, or the Calculation Agent cannot make such 
determination for any other reason, or if sub-paragraph (x)(I) applies 
and no Reference Rate appears on the Relevant Screen Page at the 
Relevant Time on the Interest Determination Date, or if sub-
paragraph (x)(II) applies and fewer than two Reference Rates appear 
on the Relevant Screen Page at the Relevant Time on the Interest 
Determination Date, subject as provided below, the Rate of Interest 
shall be the arithmetic mean (rounded, if necessary, to the nearest one 
thousandth of a percentage point (0.0005 being rounded upwards), if 
the Reference Rate is EURIBOR, or to the nearest one hundred 
thousandth of a percentage point (0.000005 being rounded upwards), 
if the Reference Rate is not EURIBOR) the Issuer or an agent selected 
by the Issuer shall request Reference Banks to provide the 
Calculation Agent through the Issuer with its offered quotation of the

--- Page 42 ---
- 42 - 
 
 
Reference Rates that each of the Reference Banks is quoting to 
leading banks in the Relevant Financial Centre at or about the 
Relevant Time on the Interest Determination Date, as determined by 
the Calculation Agent (it being understood that, should one or two of 
the Reference Banks fail to provide the relevant quotation the 
arithmetic mean shall be calculated as described above on the basis 
of the quotations supplied); and 
(z) 
if paragraph (y) above applies and the Calculation Agent determines 
that fewer than two Reference Banks are so quoting Reference Rates, 
subject as provided below, the Rate of Interest shall be the arithmetic 
mean of the rates per annum (expressed as a percentage) that the 
Calculation Agent determines to be the rates (being the nearest 
equivalent to the benchmark) in respect of a Representative Amount 
of the Specified Currency that at least two out of five leading banks 
selected by the Issuer or agent appointed on its behalf in the Relevant 
Financial Centre are quoting at or about the Relevant Time on the 
date on which such banks would customarily quote such rates for a 
period commencing on the Effective Date for a period equivalent to 
the Specified Duration (I) to leading banks carrying on business in 
Europe, or (if the Issuer determines that fewer than two of such banks 
are so quoting to leading banks in Europe) (II) to leading banks 
carrying on business in the Relevant Financial Centre; except that, if 
fewer than two of such banks are so quoting to leading banks in the 
Relevant Financial Centre or if such banks are permanently unable to 
provide such quotation, the Rate of Interest shall be the Rate of 
Interest determined on the previous Interest Determination Date 
(after readjustment for any difference between any Margin or 
Maximum or Minimum Rate of Interest applicable to the preceding 
Interest Period and to the relevant Interest Period). 
(iii) 
Replacement Reference Rate 
(A) 
Notwithstanding the provisions above in Condition 4(b), if the Issuer 
determines at any time that a Benchmark Event (as defined below) has 
occurred in relation to certain Notes, the Issuer will, as soon as reasonably 
practicable (and in any event prior to the next Interest Determination Date), 
appoint a Rate Determination Agent, which will in respect of such Notes 
determine, acting in good faith and in consultation with the Issuer (and in 
consultation with the Independent Adviser if the Rate Determination Agent is 
the Issuer), whether a substitute, alternative or successor rate for the purposes 
of determining the Rate of Interest in respect of each Interest Determination 
Date falling on such date or thereafter that is substantially comparable to the 
relevant Reference Rate (x) has been recommended or selected by the 
monetary authority or similar authority (or working group thereof) in the 
jurisdiction of the applicable currency, or a widely recognised industry 
association or body, (y) has developed or is expected to develop as an industry 
accepted rate for debt market instruments such as or comparable to the 
relevant Notes or (z) is otherwise available and deemed appropriate for the 
relevant Notes. 
(B) 
If the Rate Determination Agent is the Issuer, the Issuer shall, as soon as 
reasonably practicable and in any event prior to determining a Replacement

--- Page 43 ---
- 43 - 
 
 
Reference Rate (as defined below) in accordance with this Condition 4(b), 
appoint an Independent Adviser in respect of such Replacement Reference 
Rate. 
(C) 
If the Rate Determination Agent has determined a substitute, alternative or 
successor rate is available (such rate as determined by the Rate Determination 
Agent, the “Replacement Reference Rate”), for the purposes of determining 
the Rate of Interest on each Interest Determination Date falling at least five 
business days after such determination, (A) the Rate Determination Agent 
will in consultation with the Issuer (and in consultation with the Independent 
Adviser if the Rate Determination Agent is the Issuer) determine any 
necessary changes to the business day convention, the definition of business 
day, the interest determination date, the day count fraction, the relevant screen 
page and any method for calculating the Replacement Reference Rate, 
including any Adjustment Spread (as defined below) or other adjustment 
factor needed to make such Replacement Reference Rate comparable to the 
Reference Rate (in each case in a manner that is consistent with industry-
accepted practices for such Replacement Reference Rate); (B) references to 
the Reference Rate in these Terms and Conditions applicable to the relevant 
Floating Rate Notes will be deemed to be references to the relevant 
Replacement Reference Rate, including any alternative method for 
determining such rate as described in (A) above (including the Adjustment 
Spread); (C) the Rate Determination Agent will notify the Issuer of the 
foregoing as soon as reasonably practicable; and (D) the Issuer will give 
notice as soon as reasonably practicable, but in any event no later than 3 
Business Days prior to the relevant Interest Determination Date, to the 
Noteholders (in accordance with Condition 13) and the Agent and the 
Calculation Agent (if not the same party) specifying the Replacement 
Reference Rate, as well as the details described in (A) above and the effective 
date thereof. The Issuer may, without consent of any or all Noteholders, make 
any amendments to these Terms and Conditions in relation to the Relevant 
Notes that are necessary to ensure the proper operation of the foregoing.  
There is no guarantee that such an Adjustment Spread or other adjustment 
factor will be determined or applied, or that the application of such factor will 
either reduce or eliminate economic prejudice to Noteholders. 
For the avoidance of doubt if a Replacement Reference Rate is determined by 
the Rate Determination Agent in accordance with this Condition 4(b), this 
Replacement Reference Rate will be applied to all relevant future payments 
on the relevant Notes, subject to this Condition 4(b). For the avoidance of 
doubt, this Condition 4(b)(iii)(C) may be (re-)applied if a Benchmark Event 
has occurred in respect of the Replacement Reference Rate. 
(D) 
The determination of the Replacement Reference Rate and the other matters 
referred to above by the Rate Determination Agent will (in the absence of 
manifest error, bad faith or fraud) be final and binding on the Issuer, the 
Agent, the Calculation Agent (if not the same party), the Noteholders and no 
liability to any such person will attach to the Rate Determination Agent in 
connection with the exercise or non-exercise by it of its powers, duties and 
discretions for such purposes. If the Rate Determination Agent is unable to or 
otherwise does not determine a Replacement Reference Rate, then the Issuer 
shall notify the Noteholders (in accordance with Condition 14 (Notices)) and

--- Page 44 ---
- 44 - 
 
 
the Agent and the Calculation Agent (if not the same party) no later than 3 
Business Days prior to the relevant Interest Determination Date and the 
Reference Rate (as specified in the relevant Final Terms) will remain in effect 
(but subject to the other provisions of Condition 4(b)) in respect of the 
relevant Interest Determination Date, and any subsequent Interest 
Determination Dates will remain subject to the operation of the provisions of 
this Condition 4(b)(iii). In such circumstances, the Issuer will, at any time 
thereafter, re-apply the provisions of this Condition 4(b)(iii), mutatis 
mutandis, on one or more occasions until a Replacement Reference Rate has 
been determined and notified in accordance with this Condition 4(b)(iii) (and, 
until such determination and notification (if any), the fallback provisions 
provided elsewhere in these Terms and Conditions will continue to apply), 
unless the Issuer is of the reasonable view (acting in good faith) that re-
application is not (yet) appropriate.  
For the avoidance of doubt, each Noteholder shall be deemed to have accepted the 
Replacement Reference Rate and such other changes made pursuant to this Condition 
4(b)(iii) and no consent or approval of any Noteholder shall be required. 
In no event shall the Calculation Agent be responsible for determining any 
Replacement Reference Rate, Adjustment Spread or Benchmark Event. The 
Calculation Agent will be entitled to conclusively rely on any determinations made by 
the Issuer, the Rate Determination Agent or the Independent Advisor and will have no 
liability for such actions taken at the direction of the Issuer, the Rate Determination 
Agent or the Independent Advisor.  
Notwithstanding any other provision of this Condition 4(b)(iii), if in the Calculation 
Agent’s opinion there is any uncertainty in making any determination or calculation 
under this Condition 4(b)(iii), the Calculation Agent shall promptly notify the Issuer 
thereof and the Issuer shall direct the Calculation Agent in writing as to which course 
of action to adopt. If the Calculation Agent is not promptly provided with such 
direction, or is otherwise unable to make such calculation or determination for any 
reason, it shall notify the Issuer thereof and the Calculation Agent shall be under no 
obligation to make such calculation or determination and shall not incur any liability 
for not doing so. 
For the purposes of this Condition 4(b)(iii): 
“Adjustment Spread” means either a spread (which may be positive, negative or zero), or the 
formula or methodology for calculating a spread, in either case, which the Rate Determination 
Agent, and acting in good faith, determines is required to be applied to the Replacement 
Reference Rate to reduce or eliminate, to the extent reasonably practicable in the circumstances, 
any economic prejudice or benefit (as the case may be) to the Noteholders as a result of the 
replacement of the Reference Rate with the Replacement Reference Rate and is the spread, 
formula or methodology which: 
(i) 
is formally recommended in relation to the replacement of the Reference Rate with the 
Replacement Reference Rate by any competent authority; or (if no such 
recommendation has been made); 
(ii) 
the Rate Determination Agent determines, following consultation with the Issuer and 
acting in good faith, is recognised or acknowledged as being the industry standard for 
debt market instruments such as or comparable to the Notes or for over-the-counter 
derivative transactions which reference the Reference Rate, where such rate has been

--- Page 45 ---
- 45 - 
 
 
replaced by the Replacement Reference Rate; or (if the Rate Determination Agent 
determines that no such industry accepted standard is recognised or acknowledged); 
(iii) 
the Rate Determination Agent, in its discretion and acting in good faith, determines to 
be appropriate.  
“Benchmark Event” means: 
(i) 
the Reference Rate ceasing to be representative or an industry accepted rate for debt 
market instruments (as determined by the Rate Determination Agent or if not yet 
appointed, the Issuer, and acting in good faith in a commercially reasonable manner) 
such as, or comparable to, the Notes; or 
(ii) 
it has, or will prior to the next Reset Determination Date, become unlawful or 
otherwise prohibited (including, without limitation, for the Calculation Agent) 
pursuant to any law, regulation or instruction from a competent authority, to calculate 
any payments due to be made to any Noteholder or Couponholder using the Reference 
Rate or otherwise make use of the Reference Rate with respect to the Notes; or 
(iii) 
the Reference Rate will be changed materially, ceasing to be published for a period of 
at least five Business Days or ceasing to exist; or 
(iv) 
the making of a public statement is made by the administrator of the Reference Rate 
or its supervisor announcing that the Reference Rate will, by a specified date within 
the following six months, be materially changed, no longer be representative, cease to 
be published, be discontinued or be prohibited from being used or that its use will be 
subject to restrictions or adverse consequences that contributors are no longer required 
by that supervisor to contribute input data to the administrator for purposes of the 
Reference Rate (for the avoidance of doubt, in case the specified date lies more than 
six months after the date the public statement is made, this event will be deemed to 
occur as of the date such specified date lies within the following six months); or 
(v) 
the making of a public statement is made by the administrator of the Reference Rate 
or its supervisor announcing that the Reference Rate will be materially changed, will 
no longer be representative, will cease to be published, will be discontinued or will be 
prohibited from being used or that its use will be subject to restrictions or adverse 
consequences or that the supervisor no longer requires contributors to contribute input 
data to the administrator for purposes of the Reference Rate. 
Provided that the Benchmark Event shall be deemed to occur (a) in the case of sub-paragraphs 
(ii), (iii) (iv) and (v) above, on the date of the cessation of publication of the Reference Rate, 
the discontinuation of the Reference Rate, or the prohibition of use of the Reference Rate, as 
the case may be, and (b) in the case of sub-paragraph (i) above, on the date with effect from 
which the Reference Rate will no longer be (or will be deemed by the relevant supervisor to no 
longer be) representative or an industry accepted rate for debt market interests (as determined 
by the Rate Determination Agent or if not yet appointed, the Issuer, and acting in good faith in 
a commercially reasonable manner) such as, or comparable to, the Notes and which is specified 
in the relevant public statement, and, in each case, not the date of the relevant public statement. 
“Independent Adviser” means an independent financial institution of international repute or 
an independent financial adviser with appropriate expertise as reasonably determined by the 
Rate Determination Agent in its sole discretion.

--- Page 46 ---
- 46 - 
 
 
“Rate Determination Agent” means (i) an independent third party (acting in good faith and in 
a commercially reasonable manner) appointed by the Issuer, using commercially best efforts, 
or (ii) if it is not reasonably practicable to appoint such third party, the Issuer (acting in good 
faith and in a commercially reasonable manner), to determine the Replacement Reference Rate 
in accordance with this Condition 4(b) and in conjunction with an Independent Adviser (as 
applicable) 
(c) 
Accrual of Interest 
Interest shall cease to accrue on each Note at the end of the day preceding the date on which they become due for 
redemption (even if payment is made on the next following Business Day in accordance with Condition 6(f) (Non-
Business Days)) unless, upon due presentation, payment is improperly withheld or refused, in which event interest 
shall continue to accrue (as well after as before judgment) at the Rate of Interest in the manner provided in this 
Condition 4 until the payment of such principal has been effected, however, not beyond the fourteenth day after 
the date on which the necessary funds have been provided to the Fiscal Agent and notice thereof has been given 
by publication in accordance with Condition 14 (Notices). 
(d) 
Margin, Maximum/Minimum Rates of Interest and Redemption Amounts and Rounding 
(i) 
If any Margin is specified in the applicable Final Terms (either (x) generally, or (y) in 
relation to one or more Interest Periods), an adjustment shall be made to all Rates of 
Interest, in the case of (x), or the Rates of Interest for the specified Interest Periods, in 
the case of (y), calculated in accordance with (b) above by adding (if a positive number) 
or subtracting the absolute value (if a negative number) of such Margin, subject always 
to the next paragraph. 
(ii) 
If any Maximum or Minimum Rate of Interest or Redemption Amount is specified in 
the applicable Final Terms, then any Rate of Interest or Redemption Amount shall be 
subject to such maximum or minimum, as the case may be. 
(iii) 
For the purposes of any calculations required pursuant to these Conditions (unless 
otherwise specified), (x) all percentages resulting from such calculations shall be 
rounded, if necessary, to the nearest one hundred-thousandth of a percentage point 
(with halves being rounded up), (y) all figures shall be rounded to seven significant 
figures (with halves being rounded up) and (z) all currency amounts that fall due and 
payable shall be rounded to the nearest unit of such currency (with halves being 
rounded up), save in the case of yen, which shall be rounded down to the nearest yen. 
For these purposes "unit" means the lowest amount of such currency that is available 
as legal tender in the country or, as appropriate, countries of such currency. 
(e) 
Calculations 
The amount of interest payable in respect of any Note for any period shall be calculated by multiplying the product 
of the Rate of Interest and the calculation amount as specified in the applicable Final Terms (the "Calculation 
Amount") by the Day Count Fraction and rounding the resultant figure to the nearest sub-unit of the Specified 
Currency (half a sub-unit being rounded upwards) and multiplying such rounded figure by a fraction equal to the 
Specified Denomination of such Note divided by the Calculation Amount, unless an Interest Amount (or a formula 
for its calculation) is specified in respect of such period, in which case the amount of interest payable in respect 
of such Note for such period shall equal such Interest Amount (or be calculated in accordance with such formula). 
Where any Interest Period comprises two or more Interest Periods, the amount of interest payable in respect of 
such Specified Interest Period will be the sum of the amounts of interest payable in respect of each of those Interest 
Periods. For this purpose, a “sub-unit” means, in the case of any currency other than euro, the lowest amount of 
such currency that is available as legal tender in the country of such currency and, in the case of euro, means one 
cent.

--- Page 47 ---
- 47 - 
 
 
(f) 
Determination and Publication of Rates of Interest, Interest Amounts, Final Redemption 
Amounts, Early Redemption Amounts and Optional Redemption Amounts 
As soon as practicable after the relevant time on such date as the Calculation Agent may be required to calculate 
any rate or amount, obtain any quotation or make any determination or calculation, it shall determine such rate 
and calculate the Interest Amounts in respect of each Specified Denomination of the Notes for the relevant Interest 
Period, calculate the Final Redemption Amount, Early Redemption Amount or Optional Redemption Amount, 
obtain such quotation or make such determination or calculation, as the case may be, and cause the Rate of Interest 
and the Interest Amounts for each Interest Period and the relevant Interest Payment Date and, if required to be 
calculated, the Final Redemption Amount, Early Redemption Amount or any Optional Redemption Amount to be 
notified to the Fiscal Agent, the Issuer, each of the Paying Agents, the Noteholders, the Clearing System, any 
other Calculation Agent appointed in respect of the Notes that is to make a further calculation upon receipt of such 
information without delay but in no event later than the first day of the relevant Interest Period, if determined prior 
to such time. The Fiscal Agent shall without delay publish the interest rate, the interest amounts payable in respect 
of each Note and, the case being, each Coupon and the respective Interest Payment Date in accordance with 
Condition 14 (Notices).  
In the event of an extension or a shortening of the Interest Period, the amount of interest payable and the Interest 
Payment Date may be subsequently amended, or appropriate alternative arrangements may be made by way of 
adjustment by the Calculation Agent without a publication being necessary with regard thereto. If the Notes 
become due and payable under Condition 9 (Events of Default), the accrued interest and the Rate of Interest 
payable in respect of the Notes shall nevertheless continue to be calculated as previously in accordance with this 
Condition but no publication of the Rate of Interest or the Interest Amount so calculated need be made. The 
determination of any rate or amount, the obtaining of each quotation and the making of each determination or 
calculation by the Calculation Agent(s) shall be made in consultation with the Issuer and shall (in the absence of 
manifest error) be final and binding upon all parties. 
(g) 
Calculation Agent and Reference Banks 
The Issuer will procure that there shall at all times be at least four Reference Banks (or such other number as may 
be required) with offices in the Relevant Financial Centre and a Calculation Agent if provision is made for them 
in the Conditions applicable to this Note and for so long as it is outstanding. The Issuer reserves the right at any 
time to terminate the appointment of the Calculation Agent or of any Reference Bank. In the event of such 
termination or if any Reference Bank (acting through its relevant office) is unable or unwilling to continue to act 
as a Reference Bank, then the Issuer will appoint another Reference Bank with an office in the Relevant Financial 
Centre to act as such in its place. In the event of such termination or if the Calculation Agent is unable or unwilling 
to act as such or if the Calculation Agent fails duly to establish the Rate of Interest for any Interest Period or to 
calculate any Interest Amount, Final Redemption Amount, Early Redemption Amount or Optional Redemption 
Amount, as the case may be, or to comply with any other requirement, the Issuer shall appoint an appropriate 
office of another leading bank to act as Calculation Agent. The Calculation Agent may not resign its duties without 
a successor having been appointed as aforesaid. 
The appointment of another Reference Bank or Calculation Agent shall be published without delay by the Issuer 
in accordance with Condition 14 (Notices). 
(h) 
Business Day Convention 
If any date which is specified to be subject to adjustment in accordance with a Business Day Convention would 
otherwise fall on a day which is not a Business Day, then, if the Business Day Convention specified is (A) the 
Floating Rate Business Day Convention, such date shall be postponed to the next day which is a Business Day 
unless it would thereby fall into the next calendar month, in which event (X) such date shall be brought forward 
to the immediately preceding Business Day and (Y) each subsequent such date shall be the last Business Day of 
the month in which such date would have fallen had it not been subject to adjustment, (B) the Following Business 
Day Convention, such date shall be postponed to the next day which is a Business Day, (C) the Modified

--- Page 48 ---
- 48 - 
 
 
Following Business Day Convention, such date shall be postponed to the next day which is a Business Day unless 
it would thereby fall into the next calendar month, in which event such date shall be brought forward to the 
immediately preceding Business Day, or (D) the Preceding Business Day Convention, such date shall be brought 
forward to the immediately preceding Business Day. 
(i) 
Definitions 
As used in these Conditions, unless the context otherwise requires, the following defined terms shall have the 
meanings set out below: 
“Business Day” means: 
(i) 
in the case of a currency other than euro, a day (other than a Saturday or Sunday) on 
which commercial banks and foreign exchange markets settle payments in the principal 
financial centre for such currency; and/or 
(ii) 
in the case of euro, a day on which T2 is operating (a TARGET Business Day). 
“CGN" means Classic Global Note. 
“Day Count Fraction” means, in respect of the calculation of an amount of interest on any Note 
for any period of time (from and including the first day of such period to but excluding the last), 
such day count fraction as may be specified in these Conditions or the applicable Final Terms 
and: 
(i) 
if “Actual/Actual (ISDA)” or “Actual/Actual” is specified, the actual number of days 
in the Interest Period divided by 365 (or, if any portion of that Interest Period falls in 
a leap year, the sum of (I) the actual number of days in that portion of the Interest 
Period falling in a leap year divided by 366 and (II) the actual number of days in that 
portion of the Interest Period falling in a non-leap year divided by 365); 
(ii) 
if “Actual/365 (Fixed)” is specified, the actual number of days in the Interest Period 
divided by 365; 
(iii) 
if “Actual/365 (Sterling)” is specified, the actual number of days in the Interest Period 
divided by 365 or, in the case of an Interest Payment Date falling in a leap year, 366; 
(iv) 
if “Actual/360” is specified, the actual number of days in the Interest Period divided 
by 360; 
(v) 
if “30/360”, “360/360” or “Bond Basis” is specified, the number of days in the Interest 
Period divided by 360, calculated on a formula basis as follows: 
Day Count Fraction = 
(
)
[
]
(
)
[
] (
)
360
1
D
2
D
1
M
2
M
30
1
Y
2
Y
360
−
+
−
×
+
−
×
 
where: 
Y1 is the year, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the Interest Period falls; 
Y2 is the year, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately following the last 
day of the Interest Period falls;

--- Page 49 ---
- 49 - 
 
 
M1 is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the Interest 
Period falls; 
M2 is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately 
following the last day of the Interest Period falls; 
D1 is the first calendar day, expressed as a number, of the Interest Period, unless such 
number is 31, in which case D1 will be 30; and 
D2 is the calendar day, expressed as a number, immediately following the last day 
included in the Interest Period, unless such number would be 31 and D1 is greater than 
29, in which case D2 will be 30; 
(vi) 
if “30E/360” or “Eurobond Basis” is specified, the number of days in the Interest 
Period divided by 360, calculated on a formula basis as follows: 
Day Count Fraction = 
(
)
[
]
(
)
[
] (
)
360
1
D
2
D
1
M
2
M
30
1
Y
2
Y
360
−
+
−
×
+
−
×
 
where: 
Y1 is the year, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the Interest Period falls; 
Y2 is the year, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately following the last 
day of the Interest Period falls; 
M1 is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the Interest 
Period falls; 
M2 is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately 
following the last day of the Interest Period falls; 
D1 is the first calendar day, expressed as a number, of the Interest Period, unless such 
number would be 31, in which case D1 will be 30; and 
D2 is the calendar day, expressed as a number, immediately following the last day 
included in the Interest Period, unless such number would be 31, in which case D2 will 
be 30; 
(vii) 
if “30E/360 (ISDA)” is specified, the number of days in the Interest Period divided by 
360, calculated on a formula basis as follows: 
Day Count Fraction = 
(
)
[
]
(
)
[
] (
)
360
1
D
2
D
1
M
2
M
30
1
Y
2
Y
360
−
+
−
×
+
−
×
 
where: 
Y1 is the year, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the Interest Period falls; 
Y2 is the year, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately following the last 
day of the Interest Period falls; 
M1 is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the Interest 
Period falls;

--- Page 50 ---
- 50 - 
 
 
M2 is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately 
following the last day of the Interest Period falls; 
D1 is the first calendar day, expressed as a number, of the Interest Period, unless (i) that 
day is the last day of February or (ii) such number would be 31, in which case D1 will 
be 30; and 
D2 is the calendar day, expressed as a number, immediately following the last day 
included in the Interest Period, unless (i) that day is the last day of February but not the 
Maturity Date or (ii) such number would be 31, in which case D2 will be 30. 
“Effective Date” means, with respect to any Floating Rate to be determined on an Interest 
Determination Date, the date specified as such in the applicable Final Terms or, if none is so 
specified, the first day of the Interest Period to which such Interest Determination Date relates. 
“Euro-zone” means the region comprised of member states of the European Union that adopt 
the single currency in accordance with the Treaty establishing the European Community as 
amended by the Treaty on the European Union. 
“Global Note” means a CGN or a NGN. 
“Interest Amount” means the amount of interest payable and, in the case of Fixed Rate Notes, 
means the Fixed Coupon Amount or Broken Amount if specified in the applicable Final Terms, 
as the case may be. 
“Interest Commencement Date” means the Issue Date or such other date as may be specified 
in the applicable Final Terms. 
“Interest Determination Date” means, with respect to a Rate of Interest and an Interest Period, 
the date specified as such in the applicable Final Terms or, if none is so specified, (i) the first 
day of such Interest Period if the Specified Currency is Sterling or (ii) the day falling two 
Business Days in London for the Specified Currency prior to the first day of such Interest Period 
if the Specified Currency is neither Sterling nor euro or (iii) the day falling two TARGET 
Business Days prior to the first day of such Interest Period if the Specified Currency is euro. 
“Interest Payment Date” means the First Interest Payment Date and any date or dates specified 
as such in, or determined in accordance with the provisions of, the applicable Final Terms and, 
if a Business Day Convention is specified in the applicable Final Terms: 
(a) 
as the same may be adjusted in accordance with the relevant Business Day Convention; 
or 
(b) 
if the Business Day Convention is the Floating Rate Business Day Convention and an 
interval of a number of calendar months is specified in the applicable Final Terms as 
being the Specified Period, each of such dates as may occur in accordance with the 
Floating Rate Business Day Convention at such Specified Period of calendar months 
following the Interest Commencement Date (in the case of the first Interest Payment 
Date) or the previous Interest Payment Date (in any other case); 
“Interest Period” means the period beginning on (and including) the Interest Commencement 
Date and ending on (but excluding) the first Interest Payment Date and each successive period 
beginning on (and including) an Interest Payment Date and ending on (but excluding) the next 
succeeding Interest Payment Date.

--- Page 51 ---
- 51 - 
 
 
“NGN” means New Global Note. 
“Relevant Screen Page” means such page, section, caption, column or other part of a particular 
information service (including, but not limited to, Reuters Markets 3000 (Reuters), Bloomberg 
and Bridge) as may be specified for the purpose of providing a Reference Rate, or, if this page, 
section, caption, column or other part of a particular information service, or its provider, is 
replaced or discontinued, such other page, section, caption, column or other part as selected by 
the Issuer or Rate Determination Agent. 
“Rate of Interest” means the rate of interest payable from time to time in respect of this Note 
and that is either specified or calculated in accordance with the provisions in the applicable Final 
Terms. 
“Reference Banks” means at least four major banks selected by the Issuer (which banks, if the 
Reference Rate is EURIBOR, will be, at the time of such selection, member banks of the 
EURIBOR panel) in the interbank market (or, if appropriate, money, swap or over-the-counter 
index options market) that are most closely connected with the benchmark (which, if EURIBOR 
is the relevant benchmark, shall be the Euro-zone). 
“Regular Period” means: 
(a) 
in the case of Notes where interest is scheduled to be paid only by means of regular 
payments, each period from and including the Interest Commencement Date to but 
excluding the first Interest Payment Date and each successive period from and 
including one Interest Payment Date to but excluding the next Interest Payment Date; 
(b) 
in the case of Notes where, apart from the first Interest Period, interest is scheduled to 
be paid only by means of regular payments, each period from and including a Regular 
Date falling in any year to but excluding the next Regular Date, where "Regular Date" 
means the day and month (but not the year) on which any Interest Payment Date falls; 
and 
(c) 
in the case of Notes where, apart from one Interest Period other than the first Interest 
Period, interest is scheduled to be paid only by means of regular payments, each period 
from and including a Regular Date falling in any year to but excluding the next Regular 
Date, where "Regular Date" means the day and month (but not the year) on which any 
Interest Payment Date falls other than the Interest Payment Date falling at the end of 
the irregular Interest Period; 
“Relevant Financial Centre” means, with respect to any Floating Rate to be determined in 
accordance with a Screen Rate Determination on an Interest Determination Date, the financial 
centre as may be specified as such in the applicable Final Terms or, if none is so specified, the 
financial centre with which the relevant benchmark is most closely connected (which, in the 
case of EURIBOR, shall be the Euro-zone) or, if none is so connected, London. 
“Reference Rate” means the benchmark for a Representative Amount of the Specified 
Currency for a period (if applicable or appropriate to the benchmark) equal to the Specified 
Duration commencing on the Effective Date. 
“Relevant Time” means, with respect to any Interest Determination Date, the local time in the 
Relevant Financial Centre specified on this Note or, if none is specified, the local time in the 
Relevant Financial Centre at which it is customary to determine bid and offered rates in respect 
of deposits in the Specified Currency in the interbank market in the Relevant Financial Centre

--- Page 52 ---
- 52 - 
 
 
and, for this purpose, local time means, with respect to the Euro-zone as a Relevant Financial 
Centre, Central European Time. 
“Representative Amount” means, with respect to any Floating Rate to be determined in 
accordance with a Screen Rate Determination on an Interest Determination Date, the amount 
specified as such in the applicable Final Terms or, if none is specified, an amount that is 
representative for a single transaction in the relevant market at the time. 
“Specified Currency” means the currency specified as such in the applicable Final Terms or, 
if none is specified, the currency in which the Notes are denominated. 
“Specified Duration” means, with respect to any Floating Rate to be determined in accordance 
with a Screen Rate Determination on an Interest Determination Date, the duration specified in 
the applicable Final Terms or, if none is specified, a period of time equal to the relative Interest 
Period, ignoring any adjustment pursuant to Condition 4(h). 
“T2” means the Trans-European Automated Real-Time Gross Settlement Express Transfer 
Payment System or any successor or replacement for that system. 
5. 
Redemption, Purchase and Options 
(a) 
Redemption, Final Redemption and Redenomination 
(i) 
Unless otherwise permitted by then current laws and regulations, Notes (including 
Notes denominated in Sterling) which have a maturity of less than one year and in 
respect of which the issue proceeds are to be accepted by the relevant Issuer in the 
United Kingdom or whose issue otherwise constitutes a contravention of section 19 of 
the Financial Services and Markets Act 2000 of England and Wales will have a 
minimum redemption amount of £100,000 (or its equivalent in other currencies). 
(ii) 
Unless previously redeemed, purchased and cancelled as provided below or its 
maturity is extended pursuant to any Issuer's or Noteholder's option in accordance with 
Condition 5(d) (Redemption at the Option of the Issuer and Exercise of Issuer's 
Options) or 5(e) (Redemption at the Option of Noteholders and Exercise of 
Noteholders' Options), each Note shall be finally redeemed on the Maturity Date 
specified in the applicable Final Terms at its Final Redemption Amount (specified in 
the applicable Final Terms) (the “Final Redemption Amount”). 
(iii) 
If the country of the Specified Currency has become a participating Member State in 
the Economic and Monetary Union, the Issuer may, if so specified in the applicable 
Final Terms, without the consent of the Noteholders, by giving notice (the 
"Redenomination Notice") in accordance with this Condition 5(a)(iii), with effect 
from a date to be determined by it (the "Redenomination Date"), re-denominate the 
Notes in euro. Simultaneously the Issuer may adjust the provisions regarding the 
accrual basis in respect of interest payments for less than a year and regarding the 
business day definition to existing or anticipated market practice. Notwithstanding 
Condition 4, the Rate of Interest that shall apply to the Notes after the redenomination 
shall be the interest rate which applied to the Notes prior to the redenomination 
(provided that all references to the Specified Currency shall be replaced by references 
to the euro), unless the Issuer elects, at the time of the redenomination to apply to the 
Notes the interest rate which is consistent with the then existing or anticipated market 
practice for euro-denominated floating rate notes issued in the international capital 
market and held in international clearing systems.

--- Page 53 ---
- 53 - 
 
 
The redenomination and any additional measures which may be taken pursuant to this Condition 5(a)(iii) shall, to 
the extent not governed by mandatory laws or regulations, occur by way of amendment of the Conditions (the 
“Amendment”), as the Issuer may determine in its reasonable discretion, taking into account the interests of the 
Noteholders as a class as well as any existing or anticipated market practice. Redenomination shall be made by 
applying the conversion rate which has been irrevocably fixed pursuant to the Treaty establishing the European 
Community, as amended by the Treaty on the European Union and as may be further amended or superseded. 
The Redenomination Notice shall be given by publication in accordance with Condition 14 (Notices) at least one 
month prior to the Redenomination Date. It shall: 
(A) 
identify the Notes the subject of the Redenomination Notice; 
(B) 
specify the Redenomination Date; and 
(C) 
describe the Amendment and specify the wording of the amended or 
additional provisions. 
The Issuer shall not be obliged to exchange the Global Note representing the Notes for a new Global Note 
denominated in euro. 
(iv) 
To the extent that applicable provisions of law allow the Issuer to re-denominate the 
Notes in euro and to take additional measures, the Issuer may exercise the rights 
provided by law instead of or in addition to the rights set out in Conditions 5(a)(i) to 
(iii). 
(b) 
Early Redemption 
The Early Redemption Amount payable in respect of any Note, upon redemption of such Note pursuant to 
Condition 5(c) (Redemption for Taxation Reasons) or upon it becoming due and payable as provided in Condition 
9 (Events of Default), shall be its principal amount. 
(c) 
Redemption for Taxation Reasons 
The Notes may be redeemed at the option of the Issuer in whole, but not in part, on any Interest Payment Date (in 
the case of Floating Rate Notes) or at any time (in the case of Notes other than Floating Rate Notes), on giving 
not less than 10 nor more than 60 days' notice to the Noteholders (which notice shall be irrevocable), at their Early 
Redemption Amount (as described in Condition 5(b) (Early Redemption) above) (together with interest accrued 
to the date fixed for redemption), if (i) the Issuer has or will become obliged to pay additional amounts as provided 
or referred to in Condition 7 (Taxation) as a result of any change in, or amendment to, the laws or regulations of 
The Netherlands or any political subdivision or any authority thereof or therein having power to tax, or any change 
in the application or official interpretation of such laws or regulations, which change or amendment becomes 
effective on or after the Issue Date and (ii) such obligation cannot be avoided by the Issuer taking reasonable 
measures available to it, provided that no such notice of redemption shall be given earlier than (where the Notes 
may be redeemed at any time) 90 days prior to the earliest date on which the Issuer would be obliged to pay such 
additional amounts were a payment in respect of the Notes then due or (where the Notes may be redeemed only 
on an Interest Payment Date) 60 days prior to the Interest Payment Date occurring immediately before the earliest 
date on which the Issuer would be obliged to pay such additional amounts were a payment in respect of the Notes 
then due. Any such notice shall be given by publication in accordance with Condition 14 (Notices). It must specify 
the date fixed for redemption and must set forth a statement in summary form of the facts constituting the basis 
for the right of the Issuer so to redeem. 
(d) 
Redemption at the Option of the Issuer and Exercise of Issuer's Options 
(i) 
Issuer Call Option

--- Page 54 ---
- 54 - 
 
 
If Call Option is specified in the applicable Final Terms, the Issuer may, having given: 
(A) 
not less than 10 nor more than 30 days' notice or such other period of notice 
as is specified in the applicable Final Terms to the Noteholders in accordance 
with Condition 14 (Notices); and 
(B) 
not less than 7 days before the giving of the notice referred to in (A), notice 
to the Fiscal Agent, 
redeem, or exercise any Issuer's option (as may be described in the applicable Final Terms) in relation to all, but 
not less than all, Notes of the same issue of the Notes on any Optional Redemption Date. Any such redemption of 
Notes shall be at their Optional Redemption Amount together with interest accrued to the date fixed for 
redemption. 
All Notes in respect of which any such notice is given shall be redeemed, or the Issuer's option shall be exercised, 
on the date specified in such notice in accordance with this Condition. 
(ii) 
Issuer Refinancing Call  
If Issuer Refinancing Call is specified in the applicable Final Terms, the Issuer may, having given: 
(A) 
not less than 10 nor more than 30 days’ notice or such other period of notice 
as is specified in the applicable Final Terms to the Noteholders in accordance 
with Condition 14 (Notices); and 
(B) 
not less than 7 days before the giving of the notice referred to in (A), notice 
to the Fiscal Agent, 
at any time, or from time to time, on or after the Issuer Refinancing Call Commencement Date specified in the 
applicable Final Terms redeem all, but not less than all, the Notes then outstanding on such redemption date (the 
“Refinancing Redemption Date”) at their nominal amount together, if appropriate, with interest accrued to (but 
excluding) the Refinancing Redemption Date. Any such notice of redemption may, at the Issuer's discretion, be 
subject to one or more conditions precedent, in which case such notice shall state that, in the Issuer's discretion, 
the Refinancing Redemption Date may be delayed until such time as any or all such conditions shall be satisfied 
(or waived by the Issuer in its sole discretion), or such redemption may not occur and such notice may be rescinded 
in the event that any or all such conditions shall not have been satisfied (or waived by the Issuer in its sole 
discretion) by the Refinancing Redemption Date, or by the Refinancing Redemption Date so delayed. 
(iii) 
Issuer Make-whole Redemption Call 
If the Issuer Make-whole Redemption Call is specified in the applicable Final Terms, the Issuer may, having 
given: 
(A) 
not less than 10 nor more than 30 days' notice or such other period of notice 
as is specified in the applicable Final Terms to the Noteholders in accordance 
with Condition 14 (Notices); and 
(B) 
not less than 7 days before the giving of the notice referred to in (A) above, 
notice to the Fiscal Agent, the Quotation Agent and such other parties as may 
be specified in the applicable Final Terms, 
on the dates specified in the applicable Final Terms redeem all or some only of the Notes then outstanding on 
such redemption date (each such date, a "Make-whole Redemption Date”) at their relevant Make-whole 
Redemption Amount. Any such notice of redemption may, at the Issuer's discretion, be subject to one or more

--- Page 55 ---
- 55 - 
 
 
conditions precedent, in which case such notice shall state that, in the Issuer's discretion, the Make-whole 
Redemption Date may be delayed until such time as any or all such conditions shall be satisfied (or waived by the 
Issuer in its sole discretion), or such redemption may not occur and such notice may be rescinded in the event that 
any or all such conditions shall not have been satisfied (or waived by the Issuer in its sole discretion) by the Make-
whole Redemption Date, or by the Make-whole Redemption Date so delayed. 
"Make-whole Redemption Amount” means the sum of: 
(A) 
the greater of (x) the Final Redemption Amount of the Notes so redeemed and (y) the 
sum of the then present values of the remaining scheduled payments of principal and 
interest on such Notes to maturity or, if Issuer Refinancing Call is specified in the 
applicable Final Terms to be applicable, to the Issuer Refinancing Call 
Commencement Date (excluding any interest accruing on the Notes to, but excluding, 
the relevant Make-whole Redemption Date) discounted to the relevant Make-whole 
Redemption Date on either an annual, a semi-annual or a quarterly basis (as specified 
in the applicable Final Terms) at the Make-whole Redemption Rate plus a Make-whole 
Redemption Margin; and 
(B) 
any interest accrued but not paid on the Notes to, but excluding, the Make-whole 
Redemption Date, 
as determined by the Quotation Agent and as notified on the Calculation Date by the Quotation Agent to the 
Issuer, Fiscal Agent and such other parties as may be specified in the applicable Final Terms. 
“Calculation Date” means the third Business Day (as defined in Condition 4 above) prior to 
the Make-whole Redemption Date. 
“Make-whole Redemption Margin” means the margin specified as such in the applicable Final 
Terms. 
“Make-whole Redemption Rate” means the average of the number of quotations given by the 
Reference Dealers of the mid-market yield to maturity of the Reference Security on the third 
Business Day preceding the Make-whole Redemption Date at 11:00 a.m. (Central European 
Time ("CET”)). 
“Quotation Agent” means any Dealer or any other international credit institution or financial 
services institution appointed by the Issuer for the purpose of determining the Make-whole 
Redemption Amount, in each case as such Quotation Agent is identified in the applicable Final 
Terms. 
“Reference Dealers” means each of the banks, as specified in the applicable Final Terms, 
selected by the Quotation Agent, which are primary European government security dealers, and 
their respective successors, or market makers in pricing corporate bond issues. 
“Reference Screen Rate” means the screen rate specified as such in the applicable Final Terms. 
“Reference Security” means the security specified as such in the applicable Final Terms. If a 
Reference Security is no longer outstanding, a Similar Security will be chosen by the Quotation 
Agent at 11:00 a.m. (CET) on the Calculation Date, quoted in writing by the Quotation Agent 
to the Issuer and published in accordance with Condition 14 (Notices). 
“Similar Security” means a reference bond or reference bonds issued by the same issuer as the 
Reference Security having actual or interpolated maturity comparable with the remaining term 
of the Notes that would be utilised, at the time of selection and in accordance with customary

--- Page 56 ---
- 56 - 
 
 
financial practice, in pricing new issues of corporate debt securities of comparable maturity to 
the remaining term of the Notes. 
The determination of any rate or amount, the obtaining of each quotation and the making of each determination 
or calculation by the Quotation Agent shall (in the absence of manifest error) be final and binding upon all parties. 
(iv) 
Transaction Event Call  
If the Transaction Event Call is specified in the applicable Final Terms, the Issuer may, having given: 
(A) 
not less than 10 nor more than 30 days' notice or such other period of notice as is 
specified in the applicable Final Terms to the Noteholders in accordance with 
Condition 14 (Notices); and 
(B) 
not less than 7 days before the giving of the notice referred to in (A), notice to the 
Fiscal Agent, 
redeem all or some only of the Notes of the same issue of the Notes on any date specified on the relevant notice 
(the “Transaction Event Redemption Date”) if the Transaction specified in the applicable Final Terms has been 
terminated prior to its completion or the Transaction will not be settled for any reason whatsoever or the Issuer 
has publicly stated that it no longer intends to pursue the Transaction. Any such redemption of Notes shall be at 
their Optional Redemption Amount together with interest accrued to (but excluding) the Transaction Event 
Redemption Date. 
Any such notice of redemption may, at the Issuer's discretion, be subject to one or more conditions precedent, in 
which case such notice shall state that, in the Issuer's discretion, the Transaction Event Redemption Date may be 
delayed until such time as any or all such conditions shall be satisfied (or waived by the Issuer in its sole 
discretion), or such redemption may not occur and such notice may be rescinded in the event that any or all such 
conditions shall not have been satisfied (or waived by the Issuer in its sole discretion) by the Transaction Event 
Redemption Date, or by the Transaction Event Redemption Date so delayed. 
(v) 
Issuer Clean-up Call 
Unless the Issuer has at any time notified the Noteholders that it is exercising the Issuer Make-whole Redemption 
Call set out in Condition 5(d)(iii) above in respect of the Notes, if Issuer Clean-up Call is specified in the applicable 
Final Terms and, at any time, the outstanding aggregate nominal amount of the Notes is equal to or less than 25 
per cent. of the aggregate nominal amount of the Series issued, the Issuer may, having given: 
(C) 
not less than 10 nor more than 30 days’ notice or such other period of notice as is 
specified in the applicable Final Terms to the Noteholders in accordance with 
Condition 14 (Notices); and 
(D) 
not less than 7 days before the giving of the notice referred to in (A), notice to the 
Fiscal Agent, 
redeem all, but not less than all, the Notes then outstanding on the Clean-up Call Date at the Clean-up Call 
Redemption Amount specified in the applicable Final Terms together, if appropriate, with interest accrued to (but 
excluding) the Clean-up Call Date. 
Any such notice of redemption may, at the Issuer's discretion, be subject to one or more conditions precedent, in 
which case such notice shall state that, in the Issuer's discretion, the Clean-up Call Date may be delayed until such 
time as any or all such conditions shall be satisfied (or waived by the Issuer in its sole discretion), or such 
redemption may not occur and such notice may be rescinded in the event that any or all such conditions shall not

--- Page 57 ---
- 57 - 
 
 
have been satisfied (or waived by the Issuer in its sole discretion) by the Clean-up Call Date, or by the Clean-up 
Call Date so delayed. 
(e) 
Redemption at the Option of Noteholders and Exercise of Noteholders' Options 
(i) 
In addition to the right to call for redemption in accordance with Condition 9 (Events 
of Default), the Issuer shall, if Put Option is specified in the applicable Final Terms, at 
the option of the holder of any such Note, upon the holder of such Note giving not less 
than 30 nor more than 90 days' notice to the Fiscal Agent (or such other notice period 
as may be specified in the Final Terms) redeem such Note on the Optional Redemption 
Date(s) at its Optional Redemption Amount together with (or, where purchased, 
together with an amount equal to) accrued interest to but excluding the Optional 
Redemption Date (the “Optional Redemption Amount”). 
To exercise such option or any other Noteholders' option that may be set out in the applicable Final Terms the 
holder must deposit (in the case of Bearer Notes) such Note (together with all unmatured Coupons and 
unexchanged Talons) with any Paying Agent, together with a duly completed option exercise notice (Exercise 
Notice) in the form obtainable from any Paying Agent within the notice period. No Note or Certificate so deposited 
and option exercised may be withdrawn (except as provided in the Fiscal Agency Agreement) without the prior 
consent of the Issuer. Until payment of all amounts which become payable in respect of such Notes and Coupons, 
the relevant Paying Agent shall keep such Notes, Coupons and Talons in custody for the Noteholders. 
(ii) 
In addition to the right to call for redemption in accordance with Condition 9 (Events 
of Default), if it is specified herein that the Put Option is only exercisable, if the Notes 
are rated with the agreement of the Issuer, on the occurrence of a Change of Control 
and if there occurs a Change of Control and within the Change of Control Period a 
Rating Downgrade in respect of that Change of Control occurs or, if the Notes are not 
rated, a Negative Rating Event in respect of that Change of Control occurs within the 
Change of Control Period (in either case called a "Put Event"), the holder of each Note 
will have the option (unless, prior to the giving of the Put Event Notice referred to 
below, the Issuer gives notice to redeem the Notes under Condition 5(c) (Redemption 
for Taxation Reasons), to require the Issuer to redeem or, at the Issuer's option, 
purchase (or procures the purchase of) that Note on the Optional Redemption Date (as 
defined below) at its principal amount together with (or, where purchased, together 
with an amount equal to) accrued interest to but excluding the Optional Redemption 
Date. 
“Rating Agency” means Moody’s Deutschland GmbH or S&P Global Ratings UK Limited and their respective 
successors or any other rating agency of equivalent international standing specified from time to time by the 
Issuer. 
A “Rating Downgrade” shall be deemed to have occurred in respect of a Change of Control if within the Change 
of Control Period any rating previously assigned to the Issuer or any Notes by any Rating Agency is (x) withdrawn 
or (y) changed from an investment grade rating (BBB-/Baa3, or their respective equivalents for the time being, or 
better) to a non-investment grade rating (BB+/Ba1, or their respective equivalents for the time being, or worse) 
or (z) (if the rating assigned to the Notes by any Rating Agency shall be below an investment grade rating (as 
described above)) lowered one full rating category (from BB+ to BB or such similar lower or equivalent rating), 
provided that a Rating Downgrade otherwise arising by virtue of a particular change in rating shall be deemed not 
to have occurred in respect of a particular Change of Control if the Rating Agency making the change in rating to 
which this definition would otherwise apply does not publicly announce or publicly confirm that the reduction 
was the result, in whole or part, of any event or circumstance comprised in or arising as a result of, or in respect 
of, the applicable Change of Control.

--- Page 58 ---
- 58 - 
 
 
A “Change of Control” shall be deemed to have occurred at each time (whether or not approved by the Managing 
Board or Supervisory Board of the Issuer) that any person or persons ("Relevant Person(s) ") acting in concert 
or any person or persons acting on behalf of any such Relevant Person(s), at any time directly or indirectly or 
acquire(s) or come(s) to own (A) more than 50 per cent. of the issued ordinary share capital of the Issuer or (B) 
such number of the shares in the capital of the Issuer carrying more than 50 per cent. of the voting rights normally 
exercisable at a general meeting of shareholders of the Issuer. 
“Change of Control Period” means the period commencing on the earlier of (a) the date of the relevant Change 
of Control and (b) the date of the earliest Relevant Potential Change of Control Announcement (if any) and ending 
180 days after the public announcement of the Change of Control having occurred. 
A “Negative Rating Event” shall be deemed to have occurred if (i) the Issuer does not within the Change of 
Control Period seek, and thereafter use all reasonable endeavours to obtain from a Rating Agency, a rating or (ii) 
if it does not seek and use such endeavours, it has not at the expiry of the Change of Control Period and as a result 
of such Change of Control obtained an Investment Grade Rating, provided that the Rating Agency publicly 
announces or publicly confirms in writing that its declining to assign an Investment Grade Rating was the result 
of the applicable Change of Control. 
“Relevant Potential Change of Control Announcement” means any formal public announcement or statement 
by or on behalf of the Issuer or any actual or potential bidder or any advisor thereto relating to any potential 
Change of Control where, within 180 days of the date of such announcement or statement, a Change of Control 
occurs. 
Promptly upon the Issuer becoming aware that a Put Event has occurred, the Issuer shall give notice (a “Put Event 
Notice”) to the Noteholders in accordance with Condition 14 (Notices) specifying the nature of the Put Event and 
the circumstances giving rise to it and the procedure for exercising the option contained in this Condition 5(e)(ii). 
To exercise the option to require redemption or, as the case may be, purchase of a Note under this Condition 
5(e)(ii), the holder of that Note must deliver such Note, on any Business Day (as defined in Condition 4(i) 
(Definitions)) in the city of the specified office of the relevant Paying Agent falling within the period (the “Put 
Period”) of 45 days after a Put Event Notice is given, to any Paying Agent, as well as a duly signed and completed 
notice of exercise in the form (for the time being current) obtainable from the specified office of any Paying Agent 
(a “Put Option Notice”) and in which the holder may specify a bank account complying with the requirements 
of this Condition 5(e)(ii) to which payment is to be made under this Condition 5(e)(ii). 
In case the Notes issued are Definitive Notes, the Put Option Notice shall be accompanied by the relevant Notes, 
and also by all Coupons appertaining thereto maturing after the Optional Redemption Date, failing which an 
amount will be deducted from the payment to be made by the Issuer on redemption of the Notes corresponding to 
the aggregate amount payable in respect of such missing Coupons. Until payment of all amounts which become 
payable in respect of such Notes and Coupons, the relevant Paying Agent shall keep such Notes and Coupons in 
custody for the Noteholders. 
The “Optional Redemption Date” is the seventh day after the last day of the Put Period. 
The Paying Agent to which such Note and Put Notice are delivered will issue to the Noteholder concerned a non-
transferable receipt (a “Put Option Receipt”) in respect of the Note so delivered. The Issuer shall redeem or at 
the option of the Issuer purchase (or procure the purchase of) the Notes in respect of which Put Option Receipts 
have been issued on the Optional Redemption Date, unless previously redeemed and purchased. Payment in 
respect of any Note so delivered will be made, if the holder duly specified a euro bank account in the Put Option 
Notice to which payment is to be made, on the Optional Redemption Date by transfer to that bank account and in 
every other case on or after the Optional Redemption Date, in each case against presentation and surrender or (as 
the case may be) endorsement of such Put Option Receipt at the specified office of any Paying Agent in accordance 
with the provisions of this Condition 5(e)(ii).

--- Page 59 ---
- 59 - 
 
 
(f) 
Purchases 
The Issuer and any of its subsidiaries may at any time purchase Notes (provided that all unmatured Coupons and 
unexchanged Talons relating thereto are attached thereto or surrendered therewith) in the open market or otherwise 
at any price. Notes purchased by or on behalf of the Issuer may, at its option, be held, re-issued, resold or 
surrendered to any Paying Agent for cancellation. 
(g) 
Cancellation 
All Notes purchased by or on behalf of the Issuer or any of its subsidiaries may (and if not in bearer form, shall) 
be surrendered for cancellation by surrendering each such Note together with all unmatured Coupons and all 
unexchanged Talons to the Fiscal Agent and, if so surrendered, shall, together with all Notes redeemed by the 
Issuer, be cancelled forthwith (together with all unmatured Coupons and unexchanged Talons attached thereto or 
surrendered therewith). Any Notes so surrendered for cancellation may not be reissued or resold and the 
obligations of the Issuer in respect of any such Notes shall be discharged. 
6. 
Payments and Agents 
(a) 
Bearer Notes 
Payments of principal and interest in respect of Bearer Notes will, subject as mentioned below, be made against 
presentation and surrender of the relevant Notes (in the case of all other payments of principal and, in the case of 
interest, as specified in Condition 6(e) (Unmatured Coupons and Unexchanged Talons)) or Coupons (in the case 
of interest, save as specified in Condition 6(e) (Unmatured Coupons and Unexchanged Talons)), as the case may 
be, at the specified office of any Paying Agent outside the United States and its possessions (the United States) 
by a payment in cash in the relevant currency, or, at the option of the holder, by transfer to an account denominated 
in such currency with, a Bank. “Bank” means a bank in the principal financial centre for such currency or, in the 
case of euro, in a city in which banks have access to T2. No payments will be made by a transfer of funds into an 
account within the United States or by cheque mailed to an address in the United States. 
(b) 
Payments in the United States 
Notwithstanding the foregoing, if any Bearer Notes are denominated in U.S. dollars, payments of interest in 
respect thereof may be made at the specified office of any Paying Agent in New York City in the same manner as 
specified in Condition 6(a) (Bearer Notes) if (i) the Issuer shall have appointed Paying Agents with specified 
offices outside the United States with the reasonable expectation that such Paying Agents would be able to make 
payment of the amount on the Notes in the manner provided above when due, (ii) payment in full of such amounts 
at all such offices is illegal or effectively precluded by exchange controls or other similar restrictions on payment 
or receipt of such amounts and (iii) such payment is then permitted by United States law, without involving, in 
the opinion of the Issuer, any adverse tax consequence to the Issuer. 
(c) 
Payments Subject to Fiscal Laws 
All payments are subject in all cases to any applicable fiscal or other laws, regulations and directives in the place 
of payment, but without prejudice to the provisions of Condition 7 (Taxation). No commission or expenses shall 
be charged to the Noteholders or Couponholders in respect of such payments. 
(d) 
Appointment of Agents 
The Fiscal Agent and the Paying Agents and the Calculation Agent initially appointed by the Issuer and their 
respective specified offices are listed below. The Fiscal Agent and the Paying Agents and the Calculation Agent 
act solely as agents of the Issuer and do not assume any obligation or relationship of agency or trust for or with 
any Noteholder or Couponholder. The Issuer reserves the right at any time to terminate the appointment of the 
Fiscal Agent as well as of individual Paying Agents and to appoint banks of international standing as Fiscal Agent

--- Page 60 ---
- 60 - 
 
 
or Paying Agents, provided that it will at all times maintain a Fiscal Agent, subject to clause 9.1(a) of the Fiscal 
Agency Agreement. Such appointment or termination shall be published without undue delay in accordance with 
Condition 14 (Notices), or, should this not be possible, be published in another way. 
In addition, the Issuer shall forthwith appoint a Paying Agent in New York City in respect of any Bearer Notes 
denominated in U.S. dollars in the circumstances described in Condition 6(b) (Payments in the United States). 
Notice of any such change or any change of any specified office will promptly be given to the Noteholders in 
accordance with Condition 14 (Notices). 
(e) 
Unmatured Coupons and Unexchanged Talons 
(i) 
Unless the Notes provide that the relative Coupons are to become void upon the due 
date for redemption of those Notes, Notes should be surrendered for payment together 
with all unmatured Coupons (if any) relating thereto, failing which an amount equal to 
the face value of each missing unmatured Coupon (or, in the case of payment not being 
made in full, that proportion of the amount of such missing unmatured Coupon which 
the sum of principal so paid bears to the total principal due) will be deducted from the 
Final Redemption Amount, Early Redemption Amount or Optional Redemption 
Amount, as the case may be, due for payment. Any amount so deducted will be paid 
in the manner mentioned above against surrender of such missing Coupon within a 
period of 10 years from the Relevant Date for the payment of such principal (whether 
or not such Coupon has become void pursuant to Condition 8 (Prescription)). 
(ii) 
If the due date for redemption of any Note is not a due date for payment of interest, 
interest accrued from the preceding due date for payment of interest or the Interest 
Commencement Date, as the case may be, shall only be payable against presentation 
(and surrender if appropriate) of the relevant Bearer Note. Interest accrued on a Note 
which only bears interest after its Maturity Date from its Maturity Date shall be payable 
on redemption of such Note against presentation thereof. 
(f) 
Non-Business Days 
If any date for payment in respect of any Note or Coupon is not a Payment Day, the holder shall not be entitled to 
payment until the next following Payment Day nor to any interest or other sum in respect of such postponed 
payment. For these purposes, “Payment Day” means a day (other than a Saturday or Sunday) on which banks 
and foreign exchange markets are open for business, in such jurisdictions as shall be specified as “Additional 
Financial Centre” in the applicable Final Terms and: 
(i) 
(in the case of a payment in a currency other than euro) where payment is to be made 
by transfer to an account maintained with a bank in the relevant currency, on which 
foreign exchange transactions may be carried on in the relevant currency in the 
principal financial centre of the country of such currency; or  
(ii) 
(in the case of a payment in euro) which is a TARGET Settlement Day. 
(g) 
Talons 
On or after the Interest Payment Date for the final Coupon forming part of a Coupon sheet issued in respect of 
any Bearer Note, the Talon forming part of such Coupon sheet may be surrendered at the specified office of the 
Fiscal Agent in exchange for a further Coupon sheet (and if necessary another Talon for a further Coupon sheet) 
(but excluding any Coupons which may have become void pursuant to Condition 8 (Prescription)).

--- Page 61 ---
- 61 - 
 
 
7. 
Taxation 
All payments of principal and interest in respect of the Notes, Coupons and Talons by the Issuer will be made 
without withholding or deduction for or on account of any present or future taxes or duties, assessments or 
governmental charges of whatever nature imposed or levied by or on behalf of The Netherlands or any political 
subdivision or any authority thereof or therein having power to tax, unless such withholding or deduction is 
required by law. In such event, the Issuer will, depending on which provision is specified in the applicable Final 
Terms, either: 
(a) 
make the required withholding or deduction of such taxes, duties, assessments or governmental 
charges for the account of the holders of the Notes, Coupons or Talons, as the case may be, and 
shall not pay any additional amounts to the holders of the Notes, Coupons or Talons; or 
(b) 
pay such additional amounts as shall be necessary in order that the net amounts received by the 
holders of the Notes, Coupons or Talons after such withholding or deduction shall equal the 
respective amounts of principal and interest which would otherwise have been receivable in 
respect of the Notes, Coupons or Talons, as the case may be, in the absence of such withholding 
or deduction; except that no such additional amounts shall be payable with respect to any Note, 
Coupon or Talon: 
(i) 
presented for payment by or on behalf of a Noteholder, Couponholder or Talonholder 
who is liable for such taxes or duties in respect of such Note, Coupon or Talon by 
reason of his having some personal or business connection with The Netherlands other 
than the mere holding of such Note, Coupon or Talon or the receipt of principal or 
interest in respect thereof; or 
(ii) 
presented for payment by or on behalf of a Noteholder, Couponholder or Talonholder 
who would not be liable or subject to the withholding or deduction by making a 
declaration of non-residence or other similar claim for exemption to the relevant tax 
authority; or 
(iii) 
presented for payment by or on behalf of a Noteholder, Couponholder or Talonholder 
who would have been able to avoid such withholding or deduction by presenting the 
relevant Note, Coupon or Talon to another Paying Agent in a Member State of the 
European Union; or 
(iv) 
presented for payment more than 30 days after the Relevant Date (as defined below) 
except to the extent that the holder thereof would have been entitled to an additional 
amount on presenting the same for payment on such thirtieth day assuming that day to 
have been a Payment Day (as defined in Condition 6 (Payments and Agents)); or 
(v) 
where such deduction or withholding is required to be made pursuant to the Dutch 
Withholding Tax Act 2021 (Wet bronbelasting 2021), as amended, on payments due 
to a Noteholder, Couponholder or Talonholder affiliated to the Issuer (within the 
meaning of the Dutch Withholding Tax Act 2021 as at the date of this Base 
Prospectus). 
No such additional amounts shall, however, be payable on account of any taxes, duties, assessments or 
governmental charges with respect to any Note, Coupon, Talon, which are payable otherwise than by deduction 
or withholding from payments of principal or interest. 
As used herein, the “Relevant Date” means the date on which such payment first becomes due, except that, if the 
full amount of the moneys payable has not been duly received by the Fiscal Agent on or prior to such due date, it

--- Page 62 ---
- 62 - 
 
 
means the date on which, the full amount of such moneys having been so received, notice to that effect is duly 
given to the Noteholders. 
If the Issuer becomes subject at any time to any taxing jurisdiction other than or in addition to The Netherlands 
references herein to The Netherlands shall be read and construed as references to The Netherlands and/or to such 
other jurisdiction. 
8. 
Prescription 
Claims against the Issuer for payment in respect of the Notes and Coupons (which, for this purpose shall not 
include Talons) shall be prescribed and become void unless made within five years from the date on which such 
payment first became due. 
9. 
Events of Default 
Each Noteholder is entitled to declare his Notes due and to call for redemption of his Notes at its Early Redemption 
Amount, if: 
(i) 
the Issuer is in default for more than 15 days in the payment of principal or interest; or 
(ii) 
the Issuer violates any other obligation under these Terms and Conditions of the Notes, and, if 
such violation is capable of being remedied, such violation continues for 30 days after receipt 
of written notice thereof from the respective Noteholder to the Issuer through the Fiscal Agent 
as intermediary; or 
(iii) 
the Issuer and/or one or more of its Major Group Companies (as defined below) defaults in the 
payment of the principal of, or interest on, any other obligation in respect of Borrowed Moneys 
(as defined below), of, or assumed or guaranteed by, the Issuer and/or one or more of its Major 
Group Companies, as the case may be, when and as the same shall become due and payable, 
and if such default shall continue for more than the period of grace, if any, applicable thereto 
and the time for payment of such interest, or principal, has not been effectively extended, or if 
any obligation in respect of Borrowed Moneys, of, or assumed or guaranteed by, the Issuer 
and/or one or more of its Major Group Companies shall have become repayable before the due 
date thereof as a result of acceleration of maturity by reason of the occurrence of an event of 
default thereunder, and 
“Major Group Company” means any group company of the Issuer which is 
consolidated with the Issuer under the International Financial Reporting Standards and 
whose net profits after tax but before extraordinary items or whose net assets (in each 
case attributable to the Issuer) represents 15 per cent. or more of the consolidated net 
profits after tax but before extraordinary items or consolidated net assets (in each case 
attributable to the Issuer) of the Issuer as per the most recently delivered audited 
consolidated financial statements for that financial year or half-yearly condensed 
consolidated financial statements for that year. A report of an auditor of the Issuer that 
in their opinion a group company of the Issuer is or is not a Major Group Company 
shall, in the absence of manifest error, be conclusive and binding on the Issuer and all 
Noteholders; and 
the expression “Borrowed Money” as used herein means moneys borrowed and 
premium and interest in respect thereof and liabilities under or in connection with any 
letters of credit or under any bond, note, debenture or other financial security issued as 
consideration for assets or services and having an aggregate principal amount equal to 
or greater than 2 per cent. of the value of the total assets of the Guarantor and its group 
companies as per the most recently delivered audited consolidated financial statements

--- Page 63 ---
- 63 - 
 
 
for that financial year or half-yearly condensed consolidated financial statements for 
that year but excluding such liabilities incurred solely in relation to the acquisition of 
goods and services in the ordinary course of trading; or 
(iv) 
the Issuer is wound up or dissolved whether by a resolution of the shareholders, legislative action 
or otherwise (except in connection with a solvent merger or reorganisation in such a way that 
all of the assets and liabilities of the Issuer pass to another legal person in universal succession 
by operation of law); or 
(v) 
the Issuer ceases to carry on the whole or substantially the whole of its business or disposes of 
substantially the whole of its assets; or 
(vi) 
any bankruptcy or insolvency proceedings are instituted against the Issuer or the Issuer applies 
for the institution of such proceedings or for a suspension of payment, for a similar measure 
under foreign law, or the Issuer offers a compromise to its creditors or negotiates with all of its 
creditors another agreement relating to its payment difficulties, or such measures are officially 
decreed; or 
(vii) 
an "executoriaal beslag" (executory attachment) or a similar measure under foreign law is made 
on or against any substantial part of the assets of the Issuer or a "conservatoir beslag" 
(interlocutory attachment) or a similar measure under foreign law is made on or against any 
substantial part of the assets of the Issuer and is not discharged or stayed within 30 days after 
the making thereof; or 
(viii) 
Cross Guarantee Agreement: the failure by the Guarantor or the Issuer to perform any covenant 
set out in the Cross Guarantee Agreement, applicable to the Guarantor or Issuer or the 
repudiation by the Guarantor or the Issuer of its obligations under the Cross Guarantee 
Agreement, other than in compliance with the terms thereof, or the Cross Guarantee Agreement 
fails to be in full force and effect for any reason (subject to, for the avoidance of doubt, the grace 
period referred to in paragraph (ii) above). 
The right to declare Notes due shall terminate if the circumstances giving rise to it have been remedied, cured or 
otherwise made good in full before such right is exercised. 
The right to declare Notes due pursuant to Condition 9 (Events of Default) shall be exercised by the holder of 
Notes by delivering or sending by registered mail to the Fiscal Agent a written notice which shall state the principal 
amount of the Notes called for redemption and shall enclose evidence of ownership reasonably satisfactory to the 
Fiscal Agent. 
10. 
Meetings of Noteholders and Modifications  
(a) 
Meeting of Noteholders 
The Fiscal Agency Agreement contains provisions for convening meetings (including by way of conference call 
or by use of a videoconference platform) of holders of Notes to consider any matter affecting their interests, 
including modification by Extraordinary Resolution of these Terms and Conditions of the Notes. Such provisions 
are deemed to be included in the Terms and Conditions by reference and the holders of Notes shall have the benefit 
thereof and be bound thereby. The quorum at any duly convened meeting shall be two or more holders of the 
Notes or proxies representing holders of Notes and being or representing the holders of not less than 25% in 
principal amount of the Notes for the time being outstanding, or at any adjourned meeting two or more persons 
present being or representing holders of Notes whatever the principal amount of the Notes so held or represented, 
except that at any meeting, the business of which includes the modification of certain of the Conditions, the 
necessary quorum for passing an Extraordinary Resolution will be two or more persons holding or representing 
not less than two-thirds, or at any adjourned such meeting not less than one-third, of the principal amount of the

--- Page 64 ---
- 64 - 
 
 
Notes for the time being outstanding. Any resolution passed at any meeting of holders of Notes will be binding 
on all holders of Notes, whether or not they are present at the meeting. 
(b) 
Modification  
The Paying Agent and the Issuer may agree, without the consent of the Noteholders or Couponholders, to: 
(i) 
any modification (except such modifications in respect of which an increased quorum is 
required as mentioned above) of the Notes, the Coupons or the Fiscal Agency Agreement which 
is not prejudicial to the interests of the Noteholders; or 
(ii) 
any modification of the Notes, the Coupons or the Fiscal Agency Agreement which is of a 
formal, minor or technical nature or is made to correct a manifest error or to comply with 
mandatory provisions of the law. 
Any such modification shall be binding on the Noteholders and the Couponholders and any such modification 
shall be notified to the Noteholders in accordance with Condition 14 (Notices) as soon as practicable thereafter. 
11. 
Replacement of Notes, Coupons and Talons 
If a Note, Coupon or Talon is lost, stolen, mutilated, defaced or destroyed, it may be replaced, subject to applicable 
laws, regulations and stock exchange regulations, at the specified office of any Paying Agent as may from time to 
time be designated by the Issuer for that purpose and notice of whose designation is given to Noteholders in 
accordance with Condition 1414 (Notices) (in the case of Bearer Notes, Coupons or Talons), in each case on 
payment by the claimant of the fees and costs incurred in connection therewith and on such terms as to evidence, 
security and indemnity (which may provide, inter alia, that if the allegedly lost, stolen or destroyed Note, Coupon 
or Talon is subsequently presented for payment or, as the case may be, for exchange for further Coupons, there 
will be paid to the Issuer on demand the amount payable by the Issuer in respect of such Notes, Coupons or further 
Coupons) and otherwise as the Issuer may require. Mutilated or defaced Notes, Coupons or Talons must be 
surrendered before replacements will be issued. 
12. 
Further Issues, Consolidation 
(a) 
The Issuer reserves the right to create and issue from time to time, without the consent of the 
Noteholders, additional Notes with substantially identical terms and conditions, so that the same 
shall be consolidated to form a single Series with, and increase the Aggregate Nominal Amount 
of, the Notes. The term "Notes" shall, in such circumstances, also comprise (unless the context 
otherwise requires) the additionally issued Notes. 
(b) 
Upon redenomination of the Notes into euro as provided in Condition 5(a)(iii), the Issuer may 
also from time to time, without the consent of the Noteholders consolidate the Notes with one 
or more issues of other Notes issued by it, which were originally denominated in euro or 
currencies participating in the Economic and Monetary Union ("Other Notes") provided that: 
− 
such Other Notes have substantially the same conditions as the Notes (other than in 
relation to currency, denomination, stock exchanges, clearing systems and matters of 
a technical or administrative nature normally associated with any of the foregoing); 
and 
− 
such Other Notes and the Notes, when consolidated, can be cleared and settled on an 
interchangeable basis under a common International Security Identification Number 
(ISIN) through Euroclear, Clearstream, Luxembourg, Clearstream Banking AG, 
Frankfurt am Main or any other internationally recognised clearing system; and

--- Page 65 ---
- 65 - 
 
 
− 
such Other Notes and the Notes, when consolidated, will be listed on at least one 
European stock exchange on which debt obligations issued in the international capital 
markets are then customarily listed and on which either the Notes or at least one of the 
issues of Other Notes consolidated with them was listed immediately prior to 
consolidation. 
The Issuer shall be entitled to amend the Terms and Conditions of the Notes to the effect that the Notes and such 
Other Notes consolidated with them will have identical terms after consolidation to allow them to form a single 
issue, provided that such amendments do not materially adversely affect the interests of the Noteholders. The term 
"Notes" shall, in the event of such consolidation, also comprise such Other Notes. The Issuer may do so by giving 
not less than one month prior notice to the Noteholders in accordance with Condition 14 (Notices) and to the 
extent necessary by exchanging the Global Note into a global note containing such amended conditions or by 
depositing a supplement to the Global Note containing the amendments with the clearing systems in which the 
Notes are to be held upon consolidation. The notice shall detail the manner in which consolidation shall be 
effected. 
13. 
Substitution of the Issuer 
The Issuer (which for the purpose of this Condition, save where the context requires otherwise, includes any 
previous substitute of the Issuer) under this Condition may, and the Noteholders and the Couponholders hereby 
irrevocably agree in advance that the Issuer under this Condition may, at any time substitute any company (in any 
country in the world) of which more than 90 per cent. of the shares or other equity interest in it carrying voting 
rights are directly or indirectly held by the Guarantor, as the principal debtor in respect of the Notes (any such 
company being the “Substituted Debtor”), provided that: 
(A) 
such documents shall be executed, and notices be given, by the Substituted Debtor that the Issuer 
and the Paying Agent may deem reasonably necessary to give full effect to the substitution 
pursuant to which the Substituted Debtor shall undertake in favour of each Noteholder and 
Couponholder to be bound by these Terms and Conditions and the provisions of the Agency 
Agreement as the principal debtor in respect of the Notes and Coupons in place of the Issuer; 
(B) 
in accordance with and subject to Condition 7 (Taxation), no taxes or duties shall be required 
to be withheld or deducted at source in the jurisdiction where the Substituted Debtor is 
incorporated, domiciled or resident; 
(C) 
all necessary governmental and regulatory approvals and consents for such substitution and for 
the giving by DSM B.V. of the Substituted Debtor Guarantee (as defined below) in respect of 
the obligations of the Substituted Debtor shall have been obtained and be in full force and effect;  
(D) 
Condition 9 (Events of Default) shall be deemed to be amended so that it shall also be an Event 
of Default under that Condition if the Substituted Debtor Guarantee shall cease to be valid or 
binding on or enforceable against DSM B.V.; and 
(E) 
(if the Substituted Debtor is not DSM B.V.) upon the Notes and Coupons becoming valid and 
binding obligations of the Substituted Debtor, DSM B.V. undertakes that it will irrevocably and 
unconditionally guarantee in favour of each Noteholder and Couponholder the payment of all 
sums payable by the Substituted Debtor as such principal debtor (such guarantee of DSM B.V. 
to be substantially in the form scheduled to the Agency Agreement and herein referred to as the 
Substituted Debtor Guarantee). 
The Substituted Debtor shall forthwith give notice of the substitution to the Noteholders and the Couponholders 
in accordance with Condition 14 (Notices).

--- Page 66 ---
- 66 - 
 
 
14. 
Notices 
Notices to the holders of Bearer Notes will be deemed to be validly given if published in a leading English 
language daily newspaper published in London (which is expected to be the Financial Times or another English 
language daily newspaper with circulation in Europe). So long as the Notes are listed on the Luxembourg Stock 
Exchange, notices required to be given to holders of the Notes pursuant to the Conditions shall also be published 
either on the website of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange (www.luxse.com) or in a daily newspaper with general 
circulation in Luxembourg (which is expected to be the Luxemburger Wort). If any such publication is not 
practicable, notice required to be given pursuant to the Conditions shall be validly given if published in another 
leading daily English language newspaper with general circulation in Europe. Any such notice will be deemed to 
have been given on the date of the first publication, or if published more than once, on the date of the first such 
publication. Where notices are required to be published in more than one newspaper, they will be deemed to have 
been given on the date of the first publication in all required newspapers. 
Couponholders shall be deemed for all purposes to have notice of the contents of any notice to the holders of 
Bearer Notes in accordance with this Condition 14 (Notices). 
15. 
Currency Indemnity 
Any amount received or recovered in a currency other than the currency in which payment under the relevant 
Note or Coupon is due (whether as a result of, or of the enforcement of, a judgment or order of a court of any 
jurisdiction, in the winding-up or dissolution of the Issuer or otherwise) by any Noteholder or Couponholder in 
respect of any sum expressed to be due to it from the Issuer shall only constitute a discharge to the Issuer to the 
extent of the amount in the currency of payment under the relevant Note or Coupon that the recipient is able to 
purchase with the amount so received or recovered in that other currency on the date of that receipt or recovery 
(or, if it is not practicable to make that purchase on that date, on the first date on which it is practicable to do so). 
If the amount received or recovered is less than the amount expressed to be due to the recipient under any Note 
or Coupon, the Issuer shall indemnify it against any loss sustained by it as a result. In any event, the Issuer shall 
indemnify the recipient against the cost of making any such purchase. For the purposes of this Condition 15, it 
shall be sufficient for the Noteholder or Couponholder, as the case may be, to demonstrate that it would have 
suffered a loss had an actual purchase been made. These indemnities constitute a separate and independent 
obligation from the Issuer's other obligations, shall give rise to a separate and independent cause of action, shall 
apply irrespective of any indulgence granted by any Noteholder or Couponholder and shall continue in full force 
and effect despite any other judgment, order, claim or proof for a liquidated amount in respect of any sum due 
under any Note or Coupon or any other judgment or order. 
16. 
Governing Law and Jurisdiction 
(a) 
Governing Law 
The Notes, the Coupons and the Talons and the rights and duties of the Noteholders, the Issuer, the Fiscal Agent, 
the Paying Agents and, the case being, the Calculation Agent, and any non-contractual obligation arising out of 
or in connection with the Notes are governed by, and shall be construed in accordance with, the laws of The 
Netherlands. 
(b) 
Jurisdiction 
The competent courts of Limburg, The Netherlands, are to have non-exclusive jurisdiction to settle any disputes 
which may arise out of or in connection with any Notes, Coupons or Talons (including any non-contractual 
obligation arising out of or in connection with the Notes) and accordingly any legal action or proceedings arising 
out of or in connection with any Notes, Coupons or Talons (including any non-contractual obligation arising out 
of or in connection with the Notes) (“Proceedings”) may be brought in such courts. These submissions are made 
for the benefit of each of the Holders of the Notes, Coupons and Talons and shall not affect the right of any of

--- Page 67 ---
- 67 - 
 
 
them to take Proceedings in any other court of competent jurisdiction. The substantive validity of this clause 16(b) 
(Jurisdiction) is governed by the law of The Netherlands.

--- Page 68 ---
- 68 - 
 
 
DESCRIPTION OF PROVISIONS RELATING TO THE NOTES WHILE IN GLOBAL FORM 
Notes in respect of which the TEFRA D Rules apply, will initially be represented by a Temporary Global Note 
without Coupons (“TEFRA D Global Note”) which will either be exchanged for a Permanent Global Note 
without Coupons. Notes in respect of which TEFRA C applies, will be represented by a Permanent Global Note 
or initially by a Temporary Global Note (“TEFRA C Global Note”) which shall be exchanged for Definitive 
Notes with Coupons and Talons attached (if any). Each Temporary Global Note which is not intended to be issued 
in new global note ("NGN") form, as specified in the applicable Final Terms, will be deposited on behalf of the 
subscribers of the relevant Notes with a common depositary (the “Common Depositary”) for Euroclear and for 
Clearstream, Luxembourg and/or any other agreed clearing system on or about the issue date of the relevant Notes. 
Each Temporary Global Note which is intended to be issued in NGN form, as specified in the applicable Final 
terms, will be deposited on behalf of the subscribers of the relevant Notes with a common safekeeper (the 
“Common Safekeeper”) for Euroclear and for Clearstream, Luxembourg. 
In the case of each Tranche of Bearer Notes, the applicable Final Terms will also specify whether United States 
Treasury Regulation §1.163-5(c)(2)(i)(C) (the "TEFRA C Rules”) or United States Treasury Regulation §1.163-
5(c)(2)(i)(D) (the "TEFRA D Rules") are applicable in relation to the Notes or, if the Notes do not have a maturity 
of more than 365 days, that neither the TEFRA C Rules nor the TEFRA D Rules are applicable. 
No interest will be payable in respect of a TEFRA D Global Note except as provided below. 
Upon deposit of the Temporary Global Note with the Common Depositary or the Common Safekeeper, Euroclear, 
Clearstream, Luxembourg or relevant clearing system will credit each subscriber with a nominal amount of Notes 
equal to the principal amount thereof for which it has subscribed and paid. 
Each of the persons shown in the records of Euroclear or Clearstream, Luxembourg as the holder of a Note 
represented by a Global Note must look solely to Euroclear or Clearstream, Luxembourg (as the case may be) for 
his share of each payment made by the Issuer to the bearer of such Global Note and in relation to all other rights 
arising under the Global Note, subject to and in accordance with the respective rules and procedures of Euroclear 
and Clearstream, Luxembourg. Such persons shall have no claim directly against the Issuer in respect of payments 
due on the Notes for so long as the Notes are represented by such Global Note and such obligations of the Issuer 
will be discharged by payment to the bearer of such Global Note in respect of each amount so paid. 
The Temporary Global Notes and the Permanent Global Notes contain provisions which apply to the Notes while 
they are in global form, some of which modify the effect of the terms and conditions of the Notes set out in this 
document. The following is a summary of certain of those provisions: 
1. 
Exchange 
On or after any Exchange Date (as defined below), each TEFRA D Global Note will be exchangeable, free of 
charge to the holder, in whole or in part upon certification as to non-U.S. beneficial ownership in the form set out 
in the Fiscal Agency Agreement for interests in a Permanent Global Note or for Definitive Notes with Coupons 
and Talons attached (if any) (provided that the latter may only be the case in the event that the multiple tradeable 
amount of the Notes is an integral of the Specified Denominations of the relevant Notes). 
Each TEFRA C Global Note (or Global Note in respect of which the applicable Final Terms states that neither the 
TEFRA C Rules or the TEFRA D Rules are applicable) will be exchangeable for Definitive Notes with Coupons 
and Talons attached (if any) (provided that this may only be the case in the event that the multiple tradeable 
amount of the Notes is an integral of the Specified Denominations of the relevant Notes). 
On or after any Exchange Date, each Permanent Global Note will be exchangeable, free of charge to the holder, 
in whole but not, except as provided in the paragraphs below, in part, to the extent permitted by the rules of 
Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg, for Definitive Notes:

--- Page 69 ---
- 69 - 
 
 
(i) 
by the Issuer giving notice to the Noteholders and the Fiscal Agent of its intention to effect such 
exchange, unless principal in respect of any Notes is not paid when due; 
(ii) 
if the applicable Final Terms provides that such Global Note is exchangeable at the request of 
the holder, by the holder giving notice to the Fiscal Agent of its election for such exchange, 
provided that this may only be the case in the event that the multiple tradeable amount of the 
Notes is an integral of the Specified Denomination of the relevant Notes; 
(iii) 
otherwise, (1) if the Permanent Global Note is held on behalf of Euroclear or Clearstream, 
Luxembourg and any such clearing system is closed for business for a continuous period of 14 
days (other than by reason of holidays, statutory or otherwise) or announces an intention 
permanently to cease business or in fact does so or (2) any of the circumstances described in 
Condition 9 (Events of Default) occurs, by the holder giving notice to the Fiscal Agent or 
relevant Paying Agent of its election for such exchange (each an “Exchange Event”). 
If a Global Note is exchangeable for Definitive Notes at the option of the Noteholders, the Notes shall be tradeable 
only in principal amounts of at least the Specified Denomination (or if more than one Specified Denomination, 
the lowest Specified Denomination) and integral multiples thereof. 
For so long as a Permanent Global Note is held on behalf of a clearing system and the rules of that clearing system 
permit, such Permanent Global Note will be exchangeable in part on one or more occasions for Definitive Notes 
on or following any failure to pay principal in respect of any Notes when it is due and payable. 
The holder of a Permanent Global Note may surrender the Permanent Global Note or, in the case of a partial 
exchange, present it for endorsement to or to the order of the Fiscal Agent or relevant Paying Agent. In exchange 
for any Permanent Global Note, or the part thereof to be exchanged, the Issuer will deliver, or procure the delivery 
of, an equal aggregate principal amount of duly executed and authenticated Definitive Notes (if appropriate, 
having attached to them all Coupons in respect of interest which have not already been paid on the Permanent 
Global Note and a Talon), security printed in accordance with any applicable legal and stock exchange 
requirements and in or substantially in the form set out in Schedule 2 to the Fiscal Agency Agreement. On 
exchange in full of each Permanent Global Note, the Issuer will, if the holder so requests, procure that it is 
cancelled and returned to the holder together with the relevant Definitive Notes. 
"Exchange Date" means, in relation to a Tranche issued on a non-syndicated basis, a date which shall be not 
earlier than the date which is 40 days after the later of the date on which the Notes are first offered to persons 
other than distributors and the Issue Date, or, in relation to a Tranche issued on a non-syndicated basis, the fortieth 
day following the date certified by the lead manager of the syndicated issue to the Fiscal Agent as being the date 
as of which distribution of the Notes of that Tranche was completed. 
2. 
Payments 
All payments in respect of the Global Note which, according to the Terms and Conditions of the Notes, require 
presentation and/or surrender of a Note or Coupon will be made against presentation and (in the case of payment 
of principal in full with all interest accrued thereon) surrender of the Global Note to or to the order of any Paying 
Agent and will be effective to satisfy and discharge the corresponding liabilities of the Issuer in respect of the 
Notes. On each occasion on which a payment of principal or interest is made in respect of the Global Note, the 
Issuer shall procure that in respect of a CGN the payment is noted in a schedule thereto and in respect of an NGN 
the payment is entered pro rata in the records of Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg. 
Payments of both principal and interest in respect of a TEFRA D Global Note will be made only to the extent that 
certification of non-U.S. beneficial ownership as required by U.S. securities law and U.S. Treasury Regulations 
(in the form set out in the Temporary Global Note) has been received from the relevant clearing system in 
accordance with the terms thereof.

--- Page 70 ---
- 70 - 
 
 
3. 
Notices 
Notwithstanding Condition 14 (Notices), so long as any Notes are represented by a Permanent Global Note (or by 
a Permanent Global Note and/or a Temporary Global Note) and such Permanent Global Note is (or a Permanent 
Global Note and/or a Temporary Global Note are) held by a depositary or a common depositary for Euroclear 
and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg and/or any other relevant clearing system or a common safekeeper, notices to 
Noteholders of that Series may be given by delivery of the relevant notice to Euroclear and/or Clearstream, 
Luxembourg and/or any other relevant clearing system and, in any case, such notices shall be deemed to have 
been given to the Noteholders in accordance with Condition 14 (Notices) on the date of delivery to Euroclear 
and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg and/or any other relevant clearing system, except that for so long as such Notes 
are admitted to trading on the a stock exchange and it is a requirement of applicable law or regulations, such 
notices shall also be published in the manner prescribed by such stock exchange and notice shall not be deemed 
to have been given until published in the manner prescribed by such stock exchange. 
4. 
Prescription 
Claims against the Issuer in respect of the Notes which are represented by a Permanent Global Note will become 
void unless it is presented for payment within a period of five years from the date on which payment first becomes 
due. 
5. 
Meetings 
The holder of a Global Note will be treated as being two persons for the purposes of any quorum requirements of 
a meeting of Noteholders and, at any such meeting, as having one vote in respect of each minimum Denomination 
of Notes for which such Global Note may be (or would be, during any period when such exchange is not permitted) 
exchanged. 
6. 
Purchase and Cancellation 
Cancellation of any Note surrendered for cancellation by the Issuer following its purchase will be effected by 
reduction in the principal amount of the relevant Permanent Global Note. 
7. 
Issuer's Option 
No drawing of Notes will be required under Condition 5(c) (Redemption for Taxation Reasons) and 5(d) 
(Redemption at the Option of the Issuer and Exercise of Issuer's Options) in the event that the Issuer exercises 
any option relating to those Notes while all such Notes which are outstanding are represented by a Permanent 
Global Note. In the event that any option of such Issuer is exercised in respect of some but not all of the Notes of 
any Series, the rights of accountholders with Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg in respect of the Notes will 
be governed by the standard procedures of Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg (to be reflected in the records 
of Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg as either a pool factor or a reduction in principal amount, at their 
discretion). 
8. 
Noteholders' Option 
Any Noteholders' option may be exercised by the holder of a Permanent Global Note giving notice to the Fiscal 
Agent of the principal amount of Notes in respect of which the option is exercised and presenting such Permanent 
Global Note for endorsement of exercise within the time limits specified in the Conditions. 
9. 
Default 
Each Global Note provides that the holder may cause such Global Note, or a portion of it, to become due and 
repayable in the circumstances described in Condition 9 (Events of Default) by stating in the notice to the Fiscal 
Agent the principal amount of such Global Note that is becoming due and repayable.

--- Page 71 ---
- 71 - 
 
 
10. 
Holders of Notes held through Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg must rely on procedures 
of those clearing systems to effect transfers of Notes, receive payments in respect of Notes and vote 
at meetings of Noteholders 
The Notes will be represented by the Global Notes except in certain limited circumstances described in the 
Permanent Global Note. The Global Notes will be deposited with a common depositary for Euroclear and 
Clearstream, Luxembourg, or with a common safekeeper. Except in certain limited circumstances described in 
the Permanent Global Note, investors will not be entitled to receive definitive Notes. Euroclear and Clearstream, 
Luxembourg will maintain records of the beneficial interests in the Global Notes. While the Notes are represented 
by the Global Notes, investors will be able to trade their beneficial interests only through Euroclear and 
Clearstream, Luxembourg. 
The Issuer will discharge its payment obligations under the Notes by making payments to the common depositary 
for Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg or to the common safekeeper for distribution to their account holders. 
A holder of a beneficial interest in a Global Note must rely on the procedures of Euroclear and Clearstream, 
Luxembourg to receive payments under the Notes. The Issuer has no responsibility or liability for the records 
relating to, or payments made in respect of, beneficial interests in the Global Notes. Any failure by Euroclear or 
Clearstream, Luxembourg to transfer payments under the Notes to investors could have a material adverse effect 
on the value of the Notes. 
Holders of beneficial interests in the Global Notes will not have a direct right to vote in respect of the Notes. 
Instead, such holders will be permitted to act only to the extent that they are enabled by Euroclear and Clearstream, 
Luxembourg to appoint appropriate proxies. There can be no assurance that procedures implemented for the 
granting of such proxies will be sufficient to enable investors to vote on any matters on a timely basis.

--- Page 72 ---
- 72 - 
 
 
FORM OF FINAL TERMS 
The Final Terms in respect of each Tranche of Notes will be in the following form and completed to reflect the 
particular terms of the relevant Notes and their issue. Text in this section appearing in italics does not form part 
of the form of the Final Terms but denotes directions for completing the Final Terms. 
[PROHIBITION OF SALES TO EEA RETAIL INVESTORS – The Notes are not intended to be offered, sold 
or otherwise made available to and should not be offered, sold or otherwise made available to any retail investor 
in the European Economic Area (“EEA”). For these purposes, a retail investor means a person who is one (or 
more) of: (i) a retail client as defined in point (11) of Article 4(1) of Directive 2014/65/EU (as amended, “MiFID 
II”); (ii) a customer within the meaning of Directive (EU) 2016/97 (the “Insurance Distribution Directive”), 
where that customer would not qualify as a professional client as defined in point (10) of Article 4(1) of MiFID 
II; or (iii) not a qualified investor as defined in the Prospectus Regulation. Consequently no key information 
document required by Regulation (EU) No 1286/2014 (as amended, the “PRIIPs Regulation”) for offering or 
selling the Notes or otherwise making them available to retail investors in the EEA has been prepared and therefore 
offering or selling the Notes or otherwise making them available to any retail investor in the EEA may be unlawful 
under the PRIIPs Regulation.] 
[PROHIBITION OF SALES TO UK RETAIL INVESTORS – The Notes are not intended to be offered, sold 
or otherwise made available to and should not be offered, sold or otherwise made available to any retail investor 
in the United Kingdom (UK). For these purposes, a retail investor means a person who is one (or more) of: (i) a 
retail client, as defined in point (8) of Article 2 of Regulation (EU) No 2017/565 as it forms part of domestic law 
by virtue of the European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018 (“EUWA”); (ii) a customer within the meaning of the 
provisions of the FSMA and any rules or regulations made under the FSMA to implement Directive (EU) 2016/97, 
where that customer would not qualify as a professional client, as defined in point (8) of Article 2(1) of Regulation 
(EU) No 600/2014 as it forms part of domestic law by virtue of the EUWA; or (iii) not a qualified investor as 
defined in Article 2 of Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 as it forms part of domestic law by virtue of the EUWA. 
Consequently no key information document required by Regulation (EU) No 1286/2014 as it forms part of 
domestic law by virtue of the EUWA (the “UK PRIIPs Regulation”) for offering or selling the Notes or otherwise 
making them available to retail investors in the UK has been prepared and therefore offering or selling the Notes 
or otherwise making them available to any retail investor in the UK may be unlawful under the UK PRIIPs 
Regulation.] 
[MIFID II product governance / Professional investors and ECPs only target market – Solely for the 
purposes of [the/each] manufacturer[’s/s'] product approval process, the target market assessment in respect of the 
Notes has led to the conclusion that: (i) the target market for the Notes is eligible counterparties and professional 
clients only, each as defined in [Directive 2014/65/EU (as amended, "MiFID II”)][MiFID II]; and (ii) all channels 
for distribution of the Notes to eligible counterparties and professional clients are appropriate. Any person 
subsequently offering, selling or recommending the Notes (a "distributor”) should take into consideration the 
manufacturer[’s/s’] target market assessment; however, a distributor subject to MiFID II is responsible for 
undertaking its own target market assessment in respect of the Notes (by either adopting or refining the 
manufacturer[’s/s’] target market assessment) and determining appropriate distribution channels.] 
[UK MIFIR product governance / Professional investors and ECPs only target market – Solely for the 
purposes of [the/each] manufacturer’s product approval process, the target market assessment in respect of the 
Notes has led to the conclusion that: (i) the target market for the Notes is only eligible counterparties, as defined 
in the FCA Handbook Conduct of Business Sourcebook (COBS), and professional clients, as defined in 
Regulation (EU) No 600/2014 as it forms part of domestic law by virtue of the European Union (Withdrawal) Act 
2018 (“EUWA”) (“UK MiFIR”); and (ii) all channels for distribution of the Notes to eligible counterparties and 
professional clients are appropriate. Any person subsequently offering, selling or recommending the Notes (a 
“distributor”) should take into consideration the manufacturer[’s/s’] target market assessment; however, a 
distributor subject to the FCA Handbook Product Intervention and Product Governance Sourcebook (the “UK 
MiFIR Product Governance Rules”) is responsible for undertaking its own target market assessment in respect

--- Page 73 ---
- 73 - 
 
 
of the Notes (by either adopting or refining the manufacturer[‘s/s’] target market assessment) and determining 
appropriate distribution channels.] 
[Date] 
DSM B.V. 
Legal entity identifier (LEI): 724500SNT1MK246AHP04 
Issue of [Aggregate Nominal Amount of Tranche] [Title of Notes] 
under the EUR 8,000,000,000 
Guaranteed Debt Issuance Programme 
[The Notes will only be admitted to trading on [insert name of relevant QI market/segment], which is [an EEA 
regulated market/a specific segment of an EEA regulated market] (as defined in MiFID II), to which only qualified 
investors (as defined in the Prospectus Regulation) can have access and shall not be offered or sold to non-
qualified investors.]  
PART A – CONTRACTUAL TERMS 
Terms used herein shall be deemed to be defined as such for the purposes of the Conditions set forth in the Base 
Prospectus dated 20 June 2024 [and the supplement[s] to it dated [date] [and [date]] which [together] constitute[s] 
a base prospectus for the purposes of the Prospectus Regulation (the “Base Prospectus”). This document 
constitutes the Final Terms applicable to the issue of Notes described herein which have been prepared for the 
purposes of Article 8 of the Prospectus Regulation and must be read in conjunction with such Base Prospectus in 
order to obtain all the relevant information. The Base Prospectus and the Final Terms have been published on the 
Issuer’s website at [www.dsm.com/corporate/investors/bonds-credit-rating/debt-issuance-program.html]. 
[Include whichever of the following apply or specify as "Not Applicable" (N/A). Note that the numbering should 
remain as set out below, even if "Not Applicable" is indicated for individual paragraphs or subparagraphs (in 
which case the sub-paragraphs of the paragraphs which are not applicable can be deleted). Italics denote 
directions for completing the Final Terms.] 
[If the Notes have a maturity of less than one year from the date of their issue, the minimum denomination 
[must/may need to] be £100,000 or its equivalent in any other currency.]  
 
1. 
Issuer: 
 
DSM B.V. 
2. 
[(i)] 
Series Number: 
 
[   ] 
 
[(ii) 
Tranche Number: 
 
[   ]] 
[(iii) 
Date on which the Notes 
become fungible: 
 
[Not Applicable/The Notes shall be consolidated, form a 
single series and be interchangeable for trading purposed 
with the [insert description of the Series] on [insert 
date/the Issuer Date/exchange of the Temporary Global 
Note for interests in the Permanent Global Note, as 
referred to in paragraph 24 below [which is expected to 
occur on or about [insert date]]].] 
3. 
Specified Currency: 
 
[   ] 
4. 
Aggregate Nominal Amount: 
 
[   ]

--- Page 74 ---
- 74 - 
 
 
[(i)] 
Series: 
 
[   ] 
[(ii) 
Tranche: 
 
[   ]] 
5. 
Issue Price: 
 
[  ] per cent. of the Aggregate Nominal Amount [plus 
accrued interest from [insert date] (if applicable)] 
6. 
(i) Specified Denominations: 
 
 
 
[   ] 
(N.B. Notes must have a minimum denomination of EUR 
100,000 (or equivalent)) 
[Note: where multiple denominations of EUR 100,000 and 
integral multiples of [EUR 1,000] or equivalent are being 
used the following sample wording should be followed: 
"EUR 100,000 and integral multiples of [EUR 1,000] in 
excess thereof up to and including EUR 199,000. 
No Notes in definitive form will be issued with a 
denomination above EUR 199,000"] 
(ii) 
Calculation Amount: 
 
[   ] 
7. 
[(i)] 
Issue Date: 
 
[   ] 
[(ii)] 
Interest 
Commencement 
Date: 
 
[Specify/Issue Date] 
8. 
Maturity Date: 
 
[Specify date or (for Floating Rate Notes) Interest 
Payment Date falling in or nearest to the relevant month 
and year] 
(If the Maturity Date is less than one year from the Issue 
Date and either (a) the issue proceeds are received by the 
Issuer in the United Kingdom, or (b) the activity of issuing 
the Notes is carried on from an establishment maintained 
by the Issuer in the United Kingdom, (i) the Notes must 
have a minimum redemption value of £100,000 (or its 
equivalent in other currencies) and be sold only to 
"professional investors" or (ii) another applicable 
exemption from section 19 of the FSMA must be available) 
9. 
Interest Basis: 
 
[[•] per cent. Fixed Rate] 
[•][EURIBOR][Specify reference rate] +/– [•] per cent. 
Floating Rate] 
(see paragraph 14/15 below) 
10. 
Redemption/Payment Basis: 
 
Subject to any purchase and cancellation or early 
redemption, the Notes will be redeemed on the Maturity 
Date at [•][100] per cent. of their nominal amount.

--- Page 75 ---
- 75 - 
 
 
11. 
Change 
of 
Interest 
Basis 
or 
Redemption/Payment Basis: 
 
[Not Applicable][Specify the date when any fixed to 
floating rate change occurs or refer to paragraphs 14 and 
15 below and specify there] 
12. 
Put/Call Options: 
 
[Investor Put] / [Change of Control Put] 
[Issuer Call] 
[Issuer Refinancing Call] 
[Issuer make-whole Redemption Call] 
[Transaction Event Call] 
[Issuer Clean-up Call] 
[(see paragraph 16/17/18/19/20/21 below] 
13. 
[Date [Board] approval for issuance 
of Notes obtained: 
 
[ ] [and [ ], respectively] 
(N.B. 
Only 
relevant 
where 
Board 
(or 
similar) 
authorisation is required for the particular tranche of 
Notes)] 
PROVISIONS RELATING TO INTEREST PAYABLE 
14. 
Fixed Rate Note Provisions 
 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining subparagraphs of 
this paragraph) 
(i) 
Rate[(s)] of Interest: 
 
[   ] per cent. per annum payable in arrear on each Interest 
Payment Date 
(ii) 
Interest Payment Date(s): 
 
[   ] in each year  
(N.B. This will need to be amended in the case of long or 
short coupons) 
(iii) 
Fixed Coupon Amount[(s)]: 
 
[   ] per Calculation Amount 
(iv) 
Broken Amount(s): 
 
[  ] per Calculation Amount payable on the Interest 
Payment Date falling [in/on] [ ] / [Not Applicable] 
(v) 
Day Count Fraction: 
 
[[Actual/Actual (ISDA)][Actual/Actual] 
 
 
Actual/365 (Fixed) 
 
 
Actual/365 (Sterling) 
 
 
Actual/360 
 
 
[30/360][360/360][Bond Basis]

--- Page 76 ---
- 76 - 
 
 
 
 
[30E/360][Eurobond basis] 
(vi) 
[Determination Date(s): 
 
[   ] in each year 
(Insert regular interest payment dates, ignoring issue date 
or maturity date in the case of a long or short first or last 
coupon.  
N.B. Only relevant where Day Count Fraction is 
Actual/Actual (ICMA))] 
15. 
Floating Rate Note Provisions 
 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-paragraphs of 
this paragraph) 
(i) 
Specified Period(s) 
 
 
[[   ][, if subject to adjustment in accordance with the 
Business day Convention set out in (iv) below / not subject 
to any adjustment, as the Business Day Convention 
specified in (iv) below is specified to be Not Applicable]  
(ii) 
Specified Interest Payment 
Dates: 
 
[  ] in each year, subject to adjustment in accordance with 
the Business day Convention set out in (iv) below / not 
subject to any adjustment, as the Business Day Convention 
specified in (iv) below is specified to be Not Applicable 
(iii) 
First Interest Payment Date: 
 
[   ] 
(iv) 
Business Day Convention: 
 
[Floating Rate Convention / Following Business Day 
Convention / Modified Following Business Day 
Convention / Preceding Business Day Convention] 
(v) 
Business Centre: 
 
[      ] 
(vi) 
Calculation Agent: 
 
[The Fiscal Agent] / [Citibank, N.A., London branch]/[ ] 
(vii) 
Screen Rate Determination: 
 
 
• Reference Rate: 
 
[   ] 
• Interest Determination 
Date(s): 
 
[   ] 
• Relevant Screen Page: 
 
[   ] 
• Relevant Time: 
 
[   ] 
• Relevant 
Financial 
Centre: 
 
[   ] 
(viii) 
Margin(s): 
 
[+/-] [ ] per cent. per annum 
(ix) 
Minimum Rate of Interest: 
 
[ ] per cent. per annum 
(x) 
Maximum Rate of Interest: 
 
[ ] per cent. per annum

--- Page 77 ---
- 77 - 
 
 
(xi) 
Day Count Fraction: 
 
[[Actual/Actual (ISDA)][Actual/Actual] 
 
 
Actual/365 (Fixed) 
 
 
Actual/365 (Sterling) 
 
 
Actual/360 
 
 
[30/360][360/360][Bond Basis] 
 
 
[30E/360][Eurobond basis] 
 
 
[[Actual/Actual (ISDA)][Actual/Actual] 
16. 
Statement on benchmark[s]: 
 
[[specify benchmark] is provided by [administrator legal 
name]][repeat as necessary]. [[administrator legal name] 
[appears]/[does not appear]][repeat as necessary] in the 
register of administrators and benchmarks established and 
maintained by ESMA pursuant to Article 36 of the EU 
Benchmarks Regulation. 
PROVISIONS RELATING TO REDEMPTION 
17. 
(Issuer) Call Option: 
 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-paragraphs of 
this paragraph) 
(i) 
Optional 
Redemption 
Date(s): 
 
[   ] 
(ii) 
Optional 
Redemption 
Amount(s) of each Note: 
 
[   ] per Calculation Amount 
(iii) 
Notice period (if other than 
as set out in the Conditions): 
 
[   ] 
(N.B. If setting notice periods which are different to those 
provided in the Conditions, the Issuer is advised to 
consider the practicalities of distribution of information 
through intermediaries, for example, clearing systems and 
custodians, as well as any other notice requirements which 
may apply, for example, as between the Issuer and the 
Fiscal or relevant Paying Agent) 
18. 
Issuer Refinancing Call 
 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-paragraphs of 
this paragraph) 
(i) 
Issuer 
Refinancing 
Call 
Commencement Date: 
 
[   ]

--- Page 78 ---
- 78 - 
 
 
(ii) 
Notice period (if other than 
as set out in the Conditions): 
 
[   ] 
(N.B. when setting notice periods which are different to 
those provided in the Conditions, the Issuer is advised to 
consider the practicalities of distribution of information 
through intermediaries, for example clearing systems and 
custodians, as well as any other notice requirements which 
may apply for example as between the Issuer and the 
Agent) 
19. 
Make-whole Redemption Call 
 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-paragraphs of 
this paragraph) 
(i) 
Notice period (if other than 
set out in the Conditions): 
 
[   ] 
(N.B. When setting notice periods which are different to 
those provided in the Conditions, the Issuer is advised to 
consider the practicalities of distribution of information 
through intermediaries, for example, clearing systems and 
custodians, as well as any other notice requirements which 
may apply, for example, as between the Issuer and the 
Agent.) 
(ii) 
Parties to be notified by 
Issuer 
of 
Make-whole 
Redemption 
Date 
and 
Make-whole 
Redemption 
Amount in addition to those 
set 
out 
in 
Condition 
5(d)(iii): 
 
[   ]/Not Applicable] 
(iii) 
Discounting 
basis 
for 
purposes of calculating sum 
of the present values of the 
remaining 
scheduled 
payments of principal and 
interest on Redeemed Notes 
in the determination of the 
Make-whole 
Redemption 
Amount: 
 
[Annual/Semi-Annual/Quarterly] 
(iv) 
Make-Whole Redemption 
Margin: 
 
[   ] 
(v) 
Quotation Agent: 
 
[   ]/[Not Applicable] 
(vi) 
Reference Dealers: 
 
[give details] 
(vii) 
Reference Screen Rate: 
 
[give details] 
(viii) 
Reference Security: 
 
[give details]

--- Page 79 ---
- 79 - 
 
 
20. 
Transaction Event Call: 
 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-paragraphs of 
this paragraph) 
(i) 
Transaction: 
 
[insert description of transaction] 
(ii) 
Notice period (if other than 
as set out in the Conditions): 
 
[   ] 
(N.B. when setting notice periods which are different to 
those provided in the Conditions, the Issuer is advised to 
consider the practicalities of distribution of information 
through intermediaries, for example clearing systems and 
custodians, as well as any other notice requirements which 
may apply for example as between the Issuer and the 
Agent) 
(iii) 
Optional 
Redemption 
Amount: 
 
[   ] 
21. 
Issuer Clean-up Call 
 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-
paragraphs of this paragraph) 
Notice period (if other than set out in 
the Conditions): 
 
[   ] 
(N.B. When setting notice periods which are different to 
those provided in the Conditions, the Issuer is advised to 
consider the practicalities of distribution of information 
through intermediaries, for example, clearing systems and 
custodians, as well as any other notice requirements which 
may apply, for example, as between the Issuer and the 
Agent.) 
22. 
(Investor) Put Option: 
 
[Applicable/exercisable on Change of Control only/Not 
Applicable] 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-paragraphs of 
this paragraph) 
(i) 
Optional 
Redemption 
Date(s): 
 
[   ] 
(ii) 
Optional 
Redemption 
Amount(s) of each Note: 
 
[   ] per Calculation Amount 
(iii) 
Notice period (if other than 
as set out in the Conditions): 
 
[   ] 
(N.B. If setting notice periods which are different to those 
provided in the Conditions, the Issuer is advised to 
consider the practicalities of distribution of information 
through intermediaries, for example, clearing systems and

--- Page 80 ---
- 80 - 
 
 
custodians, as well as any other notice requirements which 
may apply, for example, as between the Issuer and the 
Fiscal or relevant Paying Agent) 
23. 
Final Redemption Amount of each 
Note: 
 
[   ] per Calculation Amount 
24. 
Early Redemption Amount 
 
[[   ] per Calculation Amount] 
GENERAL PROVISIONS APPLICABLE TO THE NOTES 
25. 
Form of Notes: 
 
Bearer Notes: 
[Temporary Global Note exchangeable for a Permanent 
Global Note which is exchangeable for Definitive Notes 
on [•] days' notice/at any time/in the limited 
circumstances specified in the Permanent Global Note] 
[Permanent Global Note exchangeable for Definitive 
Notes on [•] days' notice/at any time/in the limited 
circumstances specified in the Permanent Global Note] 
(If a Permanent Global Note is exchangeable for 
Definitive Notes at the option of the Noteholders, the 
Notes shall be tradeable only in principal amounts of at 
least the Specified Denomination (or if more than one 
Specified 
Denomination, 
the 
lowest 
Specified 
Denomination) and integral multiples thereof.) 
26. 
NGN form: 
 
[Yes] [No] 
27. 
Additional Financial Centre(s): 
 
[Not Applicable/give details. 
Note that this paragraph relates to the date and place of 
payment, and not interest period end dates] 
28. 
Talons for future Coupons to be 
attached to Definitive Notes (and 
dates on which such Talons mature): 
 
[Yes, as the Notes have more than 27 coupon payments, 
talons may be required if, on exchange into definitive 
form, more than 27 coupon payments are left/No] 
29. 
Redenomination: 
 
Redenomination 
(as 
described 
in 
Condition 
5 
(Redemption, Purchase and Options) [not] applicable 
(If Redenomination is applicable, specify the applicable 
Day Count Fraction and any provisions necessary to deal 
with floating rate interest calculation (including 
alternative reference rates)) 
30. 
Taxation: 
 
[Condition 7(a) applicable / Condition 7(b) applicable.] 
THIRD PARTY INFORMATION 
[relevant third party information in respect of the Notes] relating to paragraph [ ] above, which has been extracted 
from [     ]]. The Issuer confirms that such information has been accurately reproduced and that, so far as it is

--- Page 81 ---
- 81 - 
 
 
aware, and is able to ascertain from information published by [specify source], no facts have been omitted which 
would render the reproduced information inaccurate or misleading.] 
 
Signed on behalf of the Issuer: 
 
By: 
…..…..…..…..…..…..…..…..………. 
 
Duly authorised

--- Page 82 ---
- 82 - 
 
 
PART B – OTHER INFORMATION 
1. 
LISTING AND ADMISSION TO TRADING 
(i) 
Listing: 
 
[Luxembourg Stock Exchange regulated market 
/Other/None] 
(ii) 
Admission to trading: 
 
[Application has been made for the Notes to be admitted 
to trading on [ ] with effect from [ ].] 
[Application is expected to be made by the Issuer (or on 
its behalf) for the Notes to be admitted to trading on [ ] 
with effect from [ ].] 
[Not Applicable.] 
(Where documenting a fungible issue need to indicate 
that original Notes are already admitted to trading.) 
(iii) 
Estimate of total expenses 
related to admission to 
trading: 
 
[ ] 
2. 
RATINGS 
 
 
Ratings: 
 
The Notes to be issued [have [not] been/are expected to 
be] rated: 
[S&P*:  [ ]] 
[Moody's*:  
[ ]] 
[[Other*]:  
[ ]] 
(* The exact legal name of the rating agency entity 
providing the rating should be specified - for example " 
S&P Global Ratings UK Limited", rather than just 
S&P.) 
 
 
(Need to include a brief explanation of the meaning of 
the ratings if this has previously been published by the 
rating provider.) 
(The above disclosure should reflect the rating allocated 
to Notes of the type being issued under the Programme 
generally or, where the issue has been specifically rated, 
that rating.) 
 
 
Option 1 - CRA established in the EEA and registered 
under the EU CRA Regulation 
 
 
[Insert legal name of particular credit rating agency 
entity providing rating] is established in the EEA and

--- Page 83 ---
- 83 - 
 
 
registered under Regulation (EU) No 1060/2009, as 
amended (the "EU CRA Regulation"). 
 
 
Option 2 - CRA established in the EEA, not registered 
under the EU CRA Regulation but has applied for 
registration 
 
 
[Insert legal name of particular credit rating agency 
entity providing rating] is established in the EEA and 
has applied for registration under Regulation (EU) No 
1060/2009, as amended (the “EU CRA Regulation”), 
although notification of the corresponding registration 
decision has not yet been provided by the [relevant 
competent authority] /[European Securities and Markets 
Authority]. 
 
 
Option 3 - CRA established in the EEA, not registered 
under the EU CRA Regulation and not applied for 
registration 
 
 
[Insert legal name of particular credit rating agency 
entity providing rating] is established in the EEA and is 
neither registered nor has it applied for registration 
under Regulation (EU) No 1060/2009, as amended (the 
“EU CRA Regulation”). 
 
 
Option 4 - CRA not established in the EEA but relevant 
rating is endorsed by a CRA which is established and 
registered under the EU CRA Regulation 
 
 
[Insert legal name of particular credit rating agency 
entity providing rating] is not established in the EEA but 
the rating it has given to the Notes is endorsed by [insert 
legal name of credit rating agency], which is established 
in the EEA and registered under Regulation (EU) No 
1060/2009, as amended (the “EU CRA Regulation”). 
 
 
Option 5 - CRA is not established in the EEA and 
relevant rating is not endorsed under the EU CRA 
Regulation but CRA is certified under the CRA 
Regulation 
 
 
[Insert legal name of particular credit rating agency 
entity providing rating] is not established in the EEA but 
is certified under Regulation (EU) No 1060/2009, as 
amended (the "EU CRA Regulation"). 
 
 
Option 6 - CRA neither established in the EEA nor 
certified under the CRA Regulation and relevant 
rating is not endorsed under the EU CRA Regulation 
 
 
[Insert legal name of particular credit rating agency 
entity providing rating] is not established in the EEA and 
is not certified under Regulation (EU) No 1060/2009, as

--- Page 84 ---
- 84 - 
 
 
amended (the "EU CRA Regulation") and the rating it 
has given to the Notes is not endorsed by a credit rating 
agency established in the EEA and registered under the 
EU CRA Regulation. 
3. 
INTERESTS OF NATURAL AND LEGAL PERSONS INVOLVED IN THE ISSUE 
[Save for any fees payable to the [Managers/Dealers], so far as the Issuer is aware, no person involved in the issue 
of the Notes has an interest material to the offer. The [Dealers/Managers] and their affiliates have engaged, and 
may in the future engage, in the investment banking and/or commercial banking transactions with, and may 
perform other services for the Issuer and its affiliates in the ordinary course of business - Amend as appropriate 
if there are other interests] 
(When adding any other description, consideration should be given as to whether such matters described 
constitute "significant new factors" and consequently trigger the need for a supplement to the Prospectus under 
Article 23 of the Prospectus Regulation) 
4. 
REASONS FOR THE OFFER AND ESTIMATED NET PROCEEDS 
 
(i) 
Reasons for the offer: 
[See "Use of Proceeds" wording in Base Prospectus 
– if reasons for offer different from what is disclosed 
in the Base Prospectus, give details.] 
(ii) 
Estimated net proceeds: 
[   ] 
5. 
[YIELD (Fixed Rate Notes only) 
 
Indication of yield: 
[   ] 
The yield is calculated at the Issue Date on the basis 
of the Issue Price. It is not an indication of future 
yield.] 
6. 
OPERATIONAL INFORMATION 
 
(i) 
ISIN Code: 
 
[   ] 
(ii) 
Common Code: 
 
[   ] 
(iii) 
German Security Code:  
 
[   ] 
(iv) 
CFI: 
 
[[See/[[include code], as updated, as set out on] the 
website of the Association of National Numbering 
Agencies (ANNA) or alternatively sourced from the 
responsible National Numbering Agency that assigned 
the ISIN/Not Applicable/Not Available]  
(v) 
FISN: 
 
[[See/[[include code], as updated, as set out on] the 
website of the Association of National Numbering 
Agencies (ANNA) or alternatively sourced from the 
responsible National Numbering Agency that assigned 
the ISIN/Not Applicable/Not Available]

--- Page 85 ---
- 85 - 
 
 
(vi) 
Any clearing system(s) other 
than 
Euroclear 
and 
Clearstream, 
Luxembourg 
and the relevant identification 
number(s): 
 
[Not Applicable/give name(s) and number(s)] 
(vii) 
Delivery: 
 
Delivery [against/free of] payment 
(viii) 
Names and addresses of 
additional Paying Agent(s) (if 
any): 
 
[   ] 
(ix) 
Intended to be held in a 
manner which would allow 
Eurosystem eligibility: 
 
[Yes 
Note that the designation "yes" simply means that the 
Notes are intended upon issue to be deposited (i) with 
Clearstream Banking, Frankfurt am Main or (ii) with 
one of the ICSDs as common safekeeper and does not 
necessarily mean that the Notes will be recognised as 
eligible collateral for Eurosystem monetary policy and 
intra day credit operations by the Eurosystem either 
upon issue or at any or all times during their life. Such 
recognition will depend upon the ECB being satisfied 
that Eurosystem eligibility criteria have been met.] 
[No. 
Whilst the designation is specified as "no" at the date of 
these Final Terms, should the Eurosystem eligibility 
criteria be amended in the future such that the Notes are 
capable of meeting them the Notes may then be 
deposited with one of the ICSDs as common safekeeper. 
Note that this does not necessarily mean that the Notes 
will then be recognised as eligible collateral for 
Eurosystem monetary policy and intra day credit 
operations by the Eurosystem either upon issue or at any 
or all times during their life. Such recognition will 
depend upon the ECB being satisfied that Eurosystem 
eligibility criteria have been met.]  
7. 
DISTRIBUTION 
(i) 
Method 
of 
distribution: 
 
[Syndicated/Non-syndicated] 
(ii) 
If syndicated, names 
of Managers: 
 
[Not Applicable/ give names] 
(iii) 
Stabilising 
Manager(s) (if any): 
 
[Not Applicable/give name(s)]

--- Page 86 ---
- 86 - 
 
 
(iv) 
If 
non-syndicated, 
name 
of 
relevant 
Dealer(s): 
 
[Not Applicable/give name(s)] 
(v) 
Whether TEFRA D 
or TEFRA C rules 
applicable 
or 
TEFRA rules not 
applicable: 
 
[TEFRA D / TEFRA C / TEFRA not applicable] 
(vi) 
Prohibition of Sales 
to 
EEA 
Retail 
Investors: 
 
[Applicable][Not Applicable] 
(If the Notes clearly do not constitute “packaged” 
products, or the Notes do constitute “packaged” 
products and a key information document will be 
prepared, “Not Applicable” should be specified. If the 
Notes may constitute “packaged” products and no key 
information document will be prepared in the EEA, 
“Applicable” should be specified.) 
(vii) 
Prohibition of Sales 
to 
UK 
Retail 
Investors 
 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(If the Notes clearly do not constitute “packaged” 
products or the Notes do constitute “packaged” 
products and a key information document will be 
prepared in the UK, “Not Applicable” should be 
specified. If the Notes may constitute “packaged” 
products and no key information document will be 
prepared in the UK, “Applicable” should be specified.)

--- Page 87 ---
- 87 - 
 
 
DESCRIPTION OF THE ISSUER 
 
GENERAL INFORMATION ON THE ISSUER 
The Issuer is a company incorporated under Dutch law with its seat in Heerlen, the Netherlands.  
On 30 May 2022, the Guarantor, the Issuer, Firmenich and the holders of shares in the issued share capital of 
Firmenich entered into a business combination agreement, in which the parties laid down their agreement to co-
create a merger of equals by combining the businesses of DSM and Firmenich by contributing effectively the 
DSM ordinary shares and the shares in the capital of Firmenich. The merger was effected through (i) an exchange 
offer by DSM-Firmenich AG to the DSM shareholders for all DSM ordinary shares and (ii) the contribution of all 
Firmenich Shares to DSM-Firmenich AG. With the closing of the merger on 8 May 2023, the Issuer has become 
part of the DSM-Firmenich Group. The Issuer has operations in almost 50 countries and revenues of around €8 
billion. 
The Issuer is a direct affiliate of the Guarantor. The Issuer has its registered office at Wilhelminasingel 39, 6221 
BE Maastricht, the Netherlands. The Issuer was incorporated on 28 December 1966 under Dutch law as a public 
limited liability company (naamloze vennootschap) for an unlimited period of time and is registered at the 
Commercial Register of the Chamber of Commerce under number 14022069. On 31 May 2023 the Issuer became 
a private limited liability company with the conversion of the former Koninklijke DSM N.V. from a Dutch public 
limited liability company (naamloze vennootschap) into a Dutch private limited liability company (besloten 
vennootschap 
met 
beperkte 
aansprakelijkheid). 
The 
Issuer's 
legal 
entity 
identifier 
(LEI) 
is 
724500SNT1MK246AHP04. The articles of association were last amended by notarial deed on 29 May 2024, 
which can be consulted on: https://www.dsm.com/content/dam/dsm/corporate/en_US/documents/amendment-
articles-of-association-of-dsm-bv.pdf. 
The address of the Issuer's principal executive office is Wilhelminasingel 39, 6221 BE Maastricht, The 
Netherlands, telephone number +31(0)88 4257302. Its website is www.dsm.com. The information on the website 
does not form part of this Base Prospectus unless that information is incorporated by reference into this Base 
Prospectus. 
Buy-out procedure 
Following the completion of the voluntary exchange offer by the Guarantor to all holders of ordinary shares in 
the issued share capital of the Issuer (the “DSM Shareholders”) with a nominal value of €1.50 each (each such 
share, a “DSM Ordinary Share”), under the terms of which the DSM Shareholders were entitled, subject to 
certain terms and conditions, to exchange each DSM Ordinary Share for one newly issued ordinary share in the 
capital of the Guarantor with a nominal value of €0.01 each (each such share, a “DSM-Firmenich Ordinary 
Share”) (the “Exchange Offer”), the Guarantor held (and holds as per the date of this Base Prospectus) more 
than 95% of DSM's aggregate issued and outstanding ordinary share capital. 
The Guarantor commenced statutory buy-out proceedings in accordance with Articles 2:359c of the Dutch Civil 
Code (Burgerlijk Wetboek, “DCC”) and 2:201a DCC before the Enterprise Court of the Amsterdam Court of 
Appeal (Ondernemingskamer) (the “Enterprise Court”) on 17 July 2023 (the “Buy-Out Proceedings”) to 
acquire the remaining DSM Ordinary Shares. 
On 8 January 2024, the Guarantor announced a voluntary tender offer for the remaining DSM Ordinary Shares. 
This tender offer has been completed on 12 February 2024, with the Guarantor now holding approximately 98.6% 
of the DSM Ordinary Shares. On 14 May 2024 the Enterprise Court rendered its final judgment in the Buy-Out 
Proceedings (the “Buy-Out Judgment”). Pursuant to the Buy-Out Judgment, the remaining minority DSM 
Shareholders are ordered to transfer their DSM Ordinary Shares to the Guarantor. The Guarantor is currently 
preparing the execution of the Buy-Out Judgment. This execution process is expected to be completed on 5 July 
2024, as a result of which the Guarantor will hold 100% of DSM's aggregate issued and outstanding ordinary 
share capital.

--- Page 88 ---
- 88 - 
 
 
Issued share capital of the Issuer 
On 31 December 2023, the share capital of the Issuer amounted to €261 million, consisting of 174 million ordinary 
shares, distributed over 167.3 million shares held by its parent DSM-Firmenich AG, and 6.7 million by the non-
tendered shareholders. All shares have a nominal value of €1.50 each. The outstanding shares of the Issuer provide 
an entitlement of one vote per share at the general meeting (algemene vergadering) of the Issuer. All rights 
attached to the Issuer’s shares held by DSM-Firmenich (treasury shares) are suspended until those shares are 
reissued.  
BUSINESS 
The Issuer is part of DSM-Firmenich and organized in three distinct high-performing business units: Taste, 
Texture & Health, Health, Nutrition & Care and Animal Nutrition & Health. For further description of these 
Business Units reference is made to section “Description of the Guarantor and the Group” in this Base 
Prospectus. 
These business units are supported by DSM-Firmenich’s business partners such as Science & Research, Finance, 
Human Resources, Sustainability, Procurement, Safety, Health and Environment and Digital & Tech.  
The Issuer is a group holding company that conducts business internationally through its subsidiaries and joint 
ventures. The Issuer does not conduct any material business operations of its own and therefore it is dependent on 
its subsidiaries, joint ventures and associates. For a detailed list of subsidiaries, joint ventures and associates of 
the Company as at 31 December 2023, see the table included on pages 100-101 of this Prospectus. 
Objective 
According to article 3 of the articles of association, the Issuer's objective is to develop, manufacture, trade and/or 
provide services in the fields of life sciences and materials sciences, energy, and related fields such as mining, as 
well as any other activities structural or incidental to or supportive to the aforementioned fields of activities, 
everything in the widest sense. The Company's objective shall include the formation, acquisition and financing 
of, participation in and management of other companies as well as providing security or guarantees directly or 
indirectly related to the aforementioned fields of activities. 
Within the scope of its fields of activities the Company shall seek to create value along the triple bottom line of 
economic performance, environmental quality and social responsibility. 
MANAGEMENT, CORPORATE GOVERNANCE  
The Issuer is a direct affiliate of the Guarantor. It is managed by the managing board of the Issuer (the “Managing 
Board”) and supervised by the supervisory board of the Issuer (the “Supervisory Board”). Members of the 
Managing Board and the Supervisory Board are appointed by the general meeting of the Issuer. 
Supervisory Board  
The business address of the members of the Supervisory Board is the registered address of the Issuer at 
Wilhelminasingel 39, 6221 BE Maastricht, the Netherlands. 
As at the date of this Base Prospectus the Supervisory Board is composed of the following three members. 
 
− 
Thomas Leysen – Chairman of the Supervisory Board, Chairman of the Board of Directors fo DSM-
Firmenich AG and Member of its Compensation Committee since 2023. 
• Last position held: CEO of Umicore 
• Supervisory directorships/other positions: 
• Non-Executive Chair of the Supervisory Board of Umicore 
• Char of the Board of Directors of Mediahuis

--- Page 89 ---
- 89 - 
 
 
− 
John Ramsay – Member of the Supervisory Board, Member of the Board of Directors of DSM-Firmenich 
AG and Chairman of its Audit & Risk Committee since 2023. 
• 
Last position held: CFO and Interim CEO of Syngenta AG 
• 
Supervisory directorships/other positions: 
• 
Non-Executive Director of RHI Magnesita N.V. 
• 
Non-Executive Director of Croda International PLC 
• 
Non-Executive Director of Babcock International PLC 
 
− 
Corien Wortmann, Member of the Supervisory Board, Member of the Board of Directors of DSM-
Firmenich AG, Member of its Sustainability Committee and Member of its Audit & Risk Committee 
since 2023. 
• 
Last position held: Chair of the Board of ABP Pension Fund 
• 
Supervisory directorships/other positions: 
• 
Vice-Chair of the Supervisory board of Aegon N.V. 
• 
Advisory Board Member of the Impact Economy Foundation 
• 
Member of the Capital Markets Advisory Board of the Dutch Financial Markets Authority 
• 
Chair of the Supervisory Board of Netspar 
• 
Member of ‘Koninklijke Hollandsche Maatschappij der Wetenschappen’ 
Potential conflicts of interest 
There are no actual or potential conflicts of interests between any duties owed by the members of the Supervisory 
Board to the Issuer and any private interests or other duties that such person may have.  
Managing Board 
The business address of the members of the Managing Board is the registered address of the Issuer at 
Wilhelminasingel 39, 6221 BE Maastricht, the Netherlands. 
As at the date of this Base Prospectus the Managing Board is composed of the following two members: 
− 
Dimitri de Vreeze – Chief Executive Officer. 
• 
Previous positions: 
• Co-CEO Koninklijke DSM N.V. 
• Managing board member Koninklijke DSM N.V. 
• 
Other Positions: 
• Chairman of ALC United World College Maastricht 
• Chairman Young Captain Foundation 
 
− 
Ralf Schmeitz – Chief Financial Officer.  
• 
Previous positions: 
• Head of Group Finance, Koninklijke DSM N.V. 
• Group Controller, Koninklijke DSM N.V. 
Potential conflicts of interest 
There are no actual or potential conflicts of interest between any duties owed by the members of the Managing 
Board to the Issuer and any private interests or other duties that such persons may have.  
LEGAL AND ARBITRATION PROCEEDINGS 
The Issuer has a process in place to monitor legal claims periodically and systematically. The Issuer is involved 
in several legal proceedings, most of which are related to the ordinary course of business. The Issuer does not 
expect these proceedings to result in liabilities that have a material effect on the Issuer’s financial position. In 
cases where it is probable that the outcome of the proceedings will be unfavorable, and the financial outcome can

--- Page 90 ---
- 90 - 
 
 
be measured reliably, a provision has been recognised in the financial statements and disclosed in Note 18 
‘Provisions’ in the consolidated financial statements on pages 237 – 238 as at and for the year ended 2023 of the 
Issuer 2023 Annual Report. 
In 2015, an award was issued against DSM Sinochem Pharmaceuticals India Private Ltd. (“DSP India”) in a 
protracted arbitration case in India going back to 2004 involving a joint venture that DSP India had formed with 
Hindustan Antibiotics Ltd., which suspended its operations in 2003. DSP India (renamed to Centrient 
Pharmaceuticals after divestment by the Issuer in 2018) is covered by an indemnity from the Issuer for this case. 
In 2015, DSP India made an application with the Civil Court in Pune (India) to set aside the arbitral award. The 
award amounts to INR 127.5 crore (€14 million as at year-end 2023) excluding interest of 12% per year as of 
2004. In 2023, DSM provided the Bombay High Court a bank guarantee of INR 410 crore (€46 million as at year-
end 2023). At the end of 2023, the application proceedings were still pending. The Issuer views this case as 
unfounded and is of the opinion that the likelihood of the award being ultimately set aside is high. Therefore, no 
liability is recognized in respect of this case. 
In 2019, Brazilian tax authorities disagreed with certain tax treatment as applied by the Issuer in 2014–2016, 
which would have an effect on such prior year income tax returns of around BRL 100 million (€19 million as at 
year-end 2023), including penalties and interest. The Issuer views this case as unfounded and considers that the 
possibility of winning this case is high, as confirmed by external legal counsel. Therefore, no liability relating to 
this case is recognized. As per the date of this Base Prospectus no relevant developments took place that alter this 
view. 
RECENT EVENTS 
 
On 8 March 2024, the Issuer successfully sold and transferred its 100% equity interest in the vitamin C plant DSM 
Jiangshan Pharmaceutical Co., Ltd. (Jinjiang, China) to Jingjiang Cosfocus Health Technology Co., Ltd. 
MATERIAL AGREEMENTS 
Other than the Business Combination Agreement and the material agreements referred to in section “Description 
of the Guarantor and the Group – Material Agreements – DSM-Firmenich”, on the date of this Base Prospectus, 
other than in the ordinary course of business, the Issuer has not entered into any material contract which could 
result in the Issuer, or any group member, being under an obligation or entitlement that is material to the Issuer’s 
ability to meet its obligations to Noteholders.

--- Page 91 ---
- 91 - 
 
 
DESCRIPTION OF THE GUARANTOR AND THE GROUP 
GENERAL DESCRIPTION OF THE GUARANTOR 
Group Structure 
On 30 May 2022, the Guarantor, the Issuer, Firmenich and the holders of shares in the issued share capital of 
Firmenich entered into a business combination agreement, in which the parties laid down their agreement to co-
create a merger of equals by combining the businesses of DSM and Firmenich by contributing effectively the 
DSM ordinary shares and the shares in the capital of Firmenich. The merger was effected through (i) an exchange 
offer by DSM-Firmenich AG to the DSM shareholders for all DSM ordinary shares and (ii) the contribution of all 
Firmenich Shares to DSM-Firmenich AG.  
With the closing of the merger on 8 May 2023, the Guarantor became the parent company of the DSM-Firmenich 
Group (the “Group” or “DSM-Firmenich”). The Guarantor was incorporated on 16 May 2022 as a company 
limited by shares (Aktiengesellschaft) under the initial corporate name Danube AG, incorporated and operating 
under the laws of Switzerland for an unlimited period of time and renamed DSM-Firmenich AG on 20 April 2023. 
The Guarantor is a company organized under Swiss law with its corporate seat in Kaiseraugst, Switzerland and 
its registered office at Wurmisweg 576, 4303 Kaiseraugst, Switzerland and registered with the commercial register 
of the canton of Aargau under number CHE-441.853.769. The Group’s operating businesses are organized into 
four Business Units: Perfumery & Beauty, Taste, Texture & Health, Health, Nutrition & Care and Animal 
Nutrition & Health. The Guarantor’s legal entity identifier (LEI) is 506700G44V67MPM4BI12. The articles of 
association were last amended by notarial deed on 29 June 2023, which can be consulted on https://www.dsm-
firmenich.com/content/dam/dsm-firmenich/corporate/documents/dsm-firmenich-aoa-after-egm_18072023.pdf.  
The address of the Guarantor's registered and principal executive office is Wurmisweg 576, 4303 Kaiseraugst, 
Switzerland, telephone number +41 61 815 8888. Its website is www.dsm-firmenich.com. The information on the 
website does not form part of this Base Prospectus unless that information is incorporated by reference into this 
Base Prospectus. 
The legal structure of the most significant group entities as at the date of this Base Prospectus is as follows  
 
 
 
 
DSM-Firmenich AG 
(the Guarantor) 
Significant group entities from the Issuer  
(DSM B.V.) 
(100% owned unless stated otherwise) 
DSM Nutritional Products Australia Pty Limited 
DSM Austria GmbH 
DSM Produtos Nutricionais Brasil S.A. 
DSM Nutritional Products Canada Inc. 
DSM Vitamins (Shanghai) Ltd. 
DSM Andre Pectin, Co. Ltd. 
(formerly: Yantai Andre Pectin, Co. Ltd.) (75%) 
DSM Vitamins Trading (Shanghai) Co., Ltd. 
DSM Nutritional Products France SAS 
DSM Nutritional Products GmbH 
Istituto delle Vitamine S.p.A. 
DSM Japan K.K. 
DSM Nutritional Products Mexico SA de CV 
DSM NL Services B.V. 
DSM Food Specialties B.V. 
DSM Finance B.V. 
DSM Nutritional Products Iberia SA 
DSM Nutritional Products Europe AG 
DSM Nutritional Products AG 
DSM Nutritional Products, LLC 
DSM Holding Company USA, Inc. 
DSM Biomedical Inc. 
I-Health, Inc. 
DSM Food Specialties USA, Inc. 
First Choice Ingredients, Inc. 
Significant group entities from Guarantor 
(Firmenich International SA) 
(100% owned unless stated otherwise) 
Firmenich & Cia. Ltda. 
Firmenich Aromatics (China) Co., Ltd. 
ArtSci Biology Technologies Co. Ltd (90%) 
Les Dérivés Terpéniques et Résiniques 
Firmenich Aromatics Production (India) Private 
Limited 
PT Firmenich Indonesia 
PT Firmenich Aromatics Indonesia 
Firmenich de Mexico S.A. de C.V. 
Firmenich Asia Private Ltd. 
Firmenich SA 
Firmenich Finance SA 
Firmenich, Inc. 
Chem-Fleur Incorporated 
MCP Foods Inc. California 
Intercit Incorporated 
Firmenich DISC Inc. 
Aromatic Technologies, Inc.

--- Page 92 ---
- 92 - 
 
 
Objective 
According to article 2 of the articles of association, the Guarantor’s objective is to purchase, organize and manage 
companies active in the research, development, manufacture, trade and/or provision of products and services in 
the fields of life sciences and materials sciences and related fields including without limitation perfumes, scents 
& personal care, household products, human nutrition & health, food & beverages, animal nutrition & health, and 
healthcare applications, including natural and/or synthetic materials for the production thereof, as well as any 
other activities structural or incidental to or supportive to the aforementioned fields of activities, in the widest 
sense. 
Capital Structure 
As at 31 December 2023, the share capital of the Guarantor amounted to €2,656,763.88, divided into 265,676,388 
fully paid-up registered shares with a par value of €0.01 each.  
In addition, the Guarantor has conditional capital of up to €132,838.19 (corresponding to up to 13,283,819 
registered shares with a par value of €0.01 each) for employee benefit plans and equity-linked financing 
instruments. The upper limit is reduced to the extent that new shares are issued under the capital band of the 
Guarantor. 
For the period until 18 April 2028, the Guarantor has a capital band authorizing the board of directors of the 
Guarantor (the “Board of Directors”) to conduct one or more capital increases within an upper limit of 
€265,676.39 (corresponding to 26,567,639 registered shares with a par value of €0.01). The upper limit is reduced 
to the extent that new shares are issued under the conditional capital.  
Shares are listed on Euronext Amsterdam under symbol DSFIR (ISIN CH1216478797). In the United States, a 
sponsored unlisted American Depositary Receipts (“ADR”) program is offered by Deutsche Bank Trust Co. 
Americas under symbol DSFIY (ISIN US23346J1034), with ten ADRs representing the value of one share. 
MANAGEMENT, CORPORATE GOVERNANCE 
Board of Directors 
Members of the Board of Directors (including the Chairman) are elected by the General Meeting on an individual 
basis and for a term of one year, ending with the conclusion of the next General Meeting. Re-election is permitted. 
According to Art. 3.2 of the Board Regulations of the Guarantor, a Board of Directors member’s mandate shall 
be for a maximum term of 10 years. 
The business address of the members of the Board of Directors is the registered address of the Guarantor at 
Wurmisweg 576, 4303 Kaiseraugst, Switzerland. 
 
As at the date of this Base Prospectus the Board of Directors is composed of the following twelve members. 
 
− 
Thomas Leysen – Chairman of the Board of Directors of DSM-Firmenich AG and Member of its 
Compensation Committee since 2023. 
• Last position held: CEO of Umicore 
• Supervisory directorships/other positions: 
• 
Non-Executive Chair of the Supervisory Board of Umicore 
• 
Char of the Board of Directors of Mediahuis 
 
− 
Patrick Firmenich, Vice-Chair of the Board of Directors and Chair of the Governance & Nomination 
Committee since 2023 
• Last position held: CEO of Firmenich 
• Supervisory directorships/other positions: 
• 
Board Member of UBS Group SA

--- Page 93 ---
- 93 - 
 
 
• 
Board Member of Jacobs Holding AG 
• 
Board Member of INSEAD 
• 
Board Member of INSEAD World Foundation 
• 
Member of the Swiss Board Institute Advisory Council 
 
− 
Sze Cotte-Tan, Member of the Board of Directors and of the Sustainability Committee since 2023 
• Last position held: EVP and CTO at CJ CheilJedang 
• Supervisory directorships/other positions: 
• 
Adjunct Professor at Singapore Institute of Technology 
• 
Independent industry expert to the VisVires New Protein (VVNP) venture capital 
Investment Committee 
• 
Executive Director, Singapore Institute of Food and Biotechnology, A*STAR Research 
Entities 
• 
Chair (Non-Executive) of Foodplant, a subsidy of the Singapore Institute of Technology 
 
− 
Antoine Firmenich, Member of the Board of Directors and Chair of the Sustainability Committee and 
Member of the Audit & Risk Committee since 2023 
• Last position held: Head of Sweet Goods Global Business Unit at Firmenich 
• Supervisory directorships/other positions: 
• 
Board Member of Aquilus Management Ltd 
• 
Board Member of Alatus Capital 
• 
CEO & Managing Director of Aquilus Pte Ltd 
• 
Member of Stanford Interdisciplinary Life Sciences Council 
• 
Managing Director of MAC3 
 
− 
Carla Mahieu, Member of the Board of Directors and Chair of the Compensation Committee since 2023 
and Member of the Nomination & Governance Committee since 2023 
• Last position held: Global Head of Human Resources and Member of the Management Board of 
Aegon N.V. 
• Supervisory directorships/other positions: 
• 
Non-Executive Member of the Board of VodafoneZiggo Group B.V. Netherlands 
• 
Non-Executive Member of the Board of Arcadis 
• 
Board member of the Priority Foundation of Arcadis 
• 
Member of the Board of Stichting Continuiteit PostNL 
 
− 
Erica Mann, Member of the Board of Directors and Member of the Sustainability Committee since 2023 
• Last position held: Member of the Board of Management of the Bayer Group and Global President 
of Bayer's Consumer Health Division 
• Supervisory directorships/other positions: 
• 
Non-Executive Member of the Board of Perrigo 
• 
Non-Executive Member of the Board of the Kellogg Company 
 
− 
Frits van Paasschen, Member of the Board of Directors, Member of the Audit & Risk Committee and 
Member of the Compensation Committee since 2023 
• Last position held: CEO of Starwood Hotels and Resorts 
• Supervisory directorships/other positions: 
• 
Non-Executive Board Member of Williams'Sonoma 
• 
Non-Executive Member of the Board of Sonder 
• 
Non-Executive Member of Amadeus IT Group 
• 
Non-Executive Member of the Board of citizenM Hotels 
• 
Non-Executive Member of the Board of J.Crew Group 
• 
Advisor to TPG and to Russell Reynolds 
• 
CEO and Founder of The Disruptors' Feast Advisory

--- Page 94 ---
- 94 - 
 
 
 
− 
André Pometta, Member of the Board of Directors and Member of Compensation Committee since 2023 
• Last position held: President of Firmenich China 
• Supervisory directorships/other positions: 
• 
Board Member of Waterloo Solutions AG 
• 
Board Member of White Lobster SA 
• 
Board Member of Noyb SA 
 
− 
John Ramsay, Member of the Board of Directors and Chair of the Audit & Risk Committee since 2023 
• Last position held: CFO and Interim CEO of Syngenta AG 
• Supervisory directorships/other positions: 
• 
Non-Executive Director of RHI Magnesita N.V. 
• 
Non-Executive Director of Croda International PLC 
• 
Non-Executive Director of Babcock International PLC 
 
− 
Richard Ridinger, Member of the Board of Directors and of the Governance & Nomination Committee 
since 2023 
• Last position held: CEO of Lonza 
• Supervisory directorships/other positions: 
• 
Chair of the Board of Recipharm AB 
• 
Member of the Advisory Group of NOVO Holding 
• 
Chair, Member of the Supervisory Board of Brenntag SE 
 
− 
Corien Kool-Wortmann, Member of the Board of Directors, Member of the Sustainability Committee 
and Member of the Audit & Risk Committee since 2023 
• Last position held: Chair of the Board of ABP Pension Fund 
• Supervisory directorships/other positions: 
• 
Vice-Chair of the Supervisory board of Aegon N.V. 
• 
Advisory Board Member of the Impact Economy Foundation 
• 
Member of the Capital Markets Advisory Board of the Dutch Financial Markets Authority 
• 
Chair of the Supervisory Board of Netspar 
• 
Member of ‘Koninklijke Hollandsche Maatschappij der Wetenschappen’ 
Potential conflicts of interest 
There are no actual or potential conflicts of interest between any duties owed by the members of the Board of 
Directors to the Guarantor and any private interests or other duties that such persons may have. There is no family 
relationship between any member of the Board of Directors and the Executive Committee. 
Executive Committee 
The business address of the members of the Executive Committee is the registered address of the Guarantor at 
Wurmisweg 576, 4303 Kaiseraugst, Switzerland. 
 
As at the date of this Base Prospectus the Executive Committee is composed of the following nine members. 
− 
Dimitri de Vreeze, Chief Executive Officer since 2023 
• Previous positions: 
• 
Co-CEO, Koninklijke DSM N.V. 
• 
Managing board member, Koninklijke DSM N.V. 
• Other Positions: 
• 
Chairman of ALC United World College Maastricht 
• 
Chairman Young Captain Foundation

--- Page 95 ---
- 95 - 
 
 
− 
Emmanuel Butstraen, Business Unit President Perfumery & Beauty since 2023 and Chief Operating 
Officer designate 
• Previous positions: 
• 
Chief Integration Officer DSM-Firmenich AG 
• 
President of Novecare Global Business Unit, Solvay S.A. 
• 
Senior Vice President Strategy Agricultural Products, BASF SE 
 
− 
Mieke Van de Capelle, Chief HR Officer since 2023 
• Previous positions: 
• 
Chief HR Officer, Firmenich International SA 
• 
Secretary of the Governance and Compensation Committee of the Board of Directors, 
Firmenich International SA 
 
− 
Philip Eykerman, Business Unit President Health, Nutrition & Care since 2023 
• Previous positions: 
• 
Executive Vice-President Corporate Strategy & Acquisitions, Koninklijke DSM N.V. 
• 
Partner, McKinsey & Company 
• Other Positions: 
• 
Board member Amyris Inc. 
• 
Board member ChemicalInvest  
• 
Board member AnQore B.V. 
• 
Chairman Young Captain Foundation 
 
− 
Ivo Lansbergen, Business Unit President Animal Nutrition & Health since 2023 
• Previous positions: 
• 
President Animal Nutrition & Health, Koninklijke DSM N.V. 
• 
Vice President Strategic Marketing DSM Human Nutrition & Health, Koninklijke DSM 
N.V. 
 
− 
Patrick Niels, Business Unit President Taste, Texture & Health since 2023 
• Previous positions: 
• 
President DSM Food & Beverage, Koninklijke DSM N.V. 
• 
President DSM Food Specialties, Koninklijke DSM N.V. 
 
− 
Dr. Sarah Reisinger, Chief Science & Research Officer since 2023 
• Previous positions: 
• 
Chief Research Officer, Firmenich International SA 
• 
Senior Vice President Research Operations, Firmenich International SA 
 
− 
Ralf Schmeitz, Chief Financial Officer since 2023 
• Previous positions: 
• 
Head of Group Finance, Koninklijke DSM N.V. 
• 
Group Controller, Koninklijke DSM N.V. 
 
− 
Jane Sinclair, Chief Legal, Risk and Compliance Officer since 2023 
• Previous positions: 
• 
General Counsel and Company Secretary, Firmenich International SA 
• 
Head of International Legal and Global Privacy, AbbVie 
Potential conflicts of interest 
There are no actual or potential conflicts of interest between any duties owed by the members of the Executive 
Committee to the Guarantor and any private interests or other duties that such persons may have. There is no 
family relationship between any member of the Executive Committee and the Board of Directors.

--- Page 96 ---
- 96 - 
 
 
BUSINESS ACTIVITIES 
The Guarantor is a leading creation and innovation partner in nutrition, health and beauty. Through its highly 
integrated portfolio of nutritional, natural and renewable ingredients, together with complementary science 
capabilities and technologies, it is positioned to deliver superior innovation-led growth. By creatively applying 
proven science and drawing on data-driven innovation capabilities as well as exceptional standards of operational 
excellence, the Guarantor seeks to tackle the tension between what society needs, what people individually want, 
and what the planet demands. By working closely together with customers to create what is essential for life as 
well as desirable for consumers yet simultaneously more sustainable for the planet, the Guarantor is poised to 
bring progress to life for people around the world. The Guarantor is organized in four distinct high-performing 
businesses, rooted in complementary world-class scientific research and manufacturing excellence: Perfumery & 
Beauty; Taste, Texture & Health; Health, Nutrition & Care; Animal Nutrition & Health. The business of the 
Guarantor is led from various locations: 
• 
Perfumery & Beauty is led from Geneva, Switzerland; 
• 
Taste, Texture & Health is led from Delft, the Netherlands; and  
• 
Health, Nutrition & Care and Animal Nutrition & Health are led from Kaiseraugst, Switzerland. 
The research and development for Perfumery & Beauty, Taste, Texture & Health is led from Geneva, Switzerland. 
The Group’s global biotechnology research and development network will be led from Delft, the Netherlands. 
 
DSM-Firmenich's businesses are jointly adding up to annual pro forma sales of €12.3 billion for the year ended 
31 December 2023. The pro forma Adjusted EBITDA of the Group for the year ended 31 December 2023 was 
€1.8 billion. Based on the sales for the year ended 31 December 2023, the Group has a balanced geographic 
exposure to markets in Europe (35%), North America (23%), Latin America (16%), China (9%) and the rest of 
Asia Pacific (17%). 
Key strengths of the Guarantor  
The key competitive strengths of DSM-Firmenich are: (i) its four strong businesses, which are well-established to 
address accelerating global consumer trends, (ii) its strong bioscience and technology platforms, (iii) its 
engagement in locally relevant co-creation and innovation with customers, enhanced by digitally empowered 
business models, (iv) its vertically integrated portfolio of naturals and renewable and sustainable ingredients 
which are produced with a focus on nutrition, health and well-being, while potentially reducing negative impact 
on the planet, such as by reducing scope 1, 2 and/or 3 emissions, improving energy efficiency, and reducing water 
consumption, and (v) its passionate, talented and diverse employees.  
DSM-Firmenich combines the Issuer's and Firmenich's scientific expertise, leveraging relevant and emerging 
disciplines required to meet the needs of the markets served. DSM-Firmenich has a combined global network of 
15 research and development facilities, which brings significant cross-fertilisation opportunities for the four 
businesses via broad science capabilities including: (i) biosciences (including biotechnology, microbiome and 
receptor biology), (ii) fermentation, (iii) green chemistry, (iv) sensory perception, and (v) delivery systems and 
formulation. DSM-Firmenich leverages the combination of the Issuer's and Firmenich's expertise in analytical 
sciences, data sciences and artificial intelligence to enable cross-disciplinary learnings. The Guarantor believes 
that the combination accelerates the creation and innovation of new molecules, independent of fossil-derived input 
materials. 
DSM-Firmenich has strong capabilities in, and a continued commitment to, discovery, scale-up and 
commercialisation of differentiating products and technologies to address customer needs. The breadth of the 
bioscience and technology platform will be further evidenced by DSM-Firmenich’s extensive IP portfolio which 
will consist of more than 16,000 patents across approximately 2,600 patent families.  
These and other examples can be found on www.DSM-Firmenich.com or in the Integrated Annual Report of 2023 
of the Guarantor.

--- Page 97 ---
- 97 - 
 
 
Description per cluster 
 Perfumery & Beauty (“P&B”) is an integrated Business Unit, composed of the combination of: Perfumery, 
Ingredients, and Personal Care. P&B has a strong reputation in perfumery, supported by its major ingredients 
backbone, including a leading position in renewables and naturals and an industry-leading creation palette 
orchestrated by an exceptional team of perfumers. Key priorities for P&B include green chemistry (scientific 
processes that respect planetary limits), conscious perfumery (the creation of sustainable fragrances and scents), 
and consumer-inspired innovation that delivers superior performance. The P&B business had pro forma sales of 
€3.7 billion for the year ended 31 December 2023. 
Taste, Texture & Health (“TTH”) addresses one of society’s biggest challenges: how to deliver nutritious, 
delicious and sustainable food and beverage solutions. In its offering, DSM-Firmenich helps accelerate the diet 
transformation by offering appealing taste and texture and help feed a growing world population sustainably, 
while minimizing food loss and waste. TTH comprises two divisions: Taste, which includes flavours, natural 
extracts and sugar reduction solutions; and Ingredient Solutions, which includes food enzymes, cultures, 
hydrocolloids, proteins, natural colorants, nutritional ingredients, premixes and yeast extracts. Examples of the 
TTH product offering are, amongst others: drinks with little or no sugar; dairy products with consumer-preferred 
mouthfeel; succulent savoury bites; and nutritious plant-based alternatives – healthier and delicious products that 
are better for people and planet. The Taste, Texture & Health business had pro forma sales of €3.0 billion for the 
year ended 31 December 2023.  
Health, Nutrition & Care (“HNC”) is dedicated to supporting the health of the world’s growing population through 
nutrition and care solutions. HNC offers solutions for the early life nutrition, dietary supplement, pharmaceutical, 
medical nutrition, and biomedical materials markets. We address specific consumer nutritional and wellness needs 
with our direct-to-consumer i-Health business. HNC also serves the nutrition improvement sector, providing 
affordable and accessible nutrition fortification solutions for some of the world’s most vulnerable populations. 
HNC serves these industries with a portfolio of high-quality products covering vitamins, nutritional lipids, 
minerals, carotenoids, botanical nutraceuticals, digestive enzymes, probiotics and prebiotics (including human 
milk oligosaccharides, HMOs), active pharmaceutical ingredients (APIs), and a range of biomedical solutions. 
HNC provides a suite of customized solutions (premix, market-ready solutions, and personalized nutrition), as 
well as a range of expert services in regulatory affairs and formulation. The HNC business had pro forma sales of 
€2.3 billion for the year ending 31 December 2023.  
Animal Nutrition & Health (“ANH”) helps meet the rising demand for animal protein and support the sustainable 
transformation of food systems. ANH offers a portfolio of vitamins, performance solutions, and data-driven 
precision services to serve the entire animal production value chain. ANH brings progress to life by helping to 
make animal protein more sustainable, nutritious, and affordable - for example, via our game-changing algae-
based omega-3 oil, Veramaris®. The Animal Nutrition & Health business had pro forma sales of €3.2 billion for 
the year ended 31 December 2023. On 15 February 2024, DSM-Firmenich announced the initiation of a process 
to carve-out and separate out the ANH business from DSM Firmenich. DSM-Firmenich believes that the full 
potential of the ANH business could be best realized through a different ownership structure for which all potential 
separation options will be considered. DSM-Firmenich would expect to be in a position to separate the business 
in the course of 2025. The perimeter of the ANH business expected to be separated out is being reviewed as part 
of this process. Given Bovaer’s critical role in reducing emissions across the dairy industry, an important segment 
for TTH, and Veramaris®’ significant potential in dietary supplements, it is expected that both businesses would 
remain part of the Group.  
Financial performance:  
2023 Financial performance on a pro forma basis:  
• 
-7% Sales versus 2022, with organic sales -5% 
• 
-22% Adjusted EBITDA versus 2022 
• 
€999 million Adjusted gross operating free cash flow, up 9% versus 2022

--- Page 98 ---
- 98 - 
 
 
• 
€555 million Core adjusted net profit, down 45% versus 2022 
Adjusted EBITDA, significantly impacted by the vitamin effect and foreign exchange was 22% lower than in the 
prior year, resulting in a 280bps margin decline. This includes a negative vitamin effect which is estimated at 
about €500 million. Without this effect, the Adjusted EBITDA would have been in line with prior year. 
P&B: The 2023 Adjusted EBITDA was up 5% compared to prior year, driven by good demand growth, strong 
pricing, and continuous cost control efforts and despite a negative foreign exchange effect of around 6%. As a 
result, the Adjusted EBITDA margin increased to 21.1% from 19.7% in 2022.  
TTH: Adjusted EBITDA was up 1% compared to prior year, despite a negative 5% foreign exchange effect. 
Adjusted EBITDA margin improved by 100bps to 18.3% compared to 2022, driven by strong pricing actions and 
more favorable mix, led by good growth in Taste. Excluding negative FX and vitamin effect, adj. EBITDA would 
have been up 11%. 
HNC: The Adjusted EBITDA was down 27% year-on-year, with an estimated vitamin effect of roughly 20%, 
which resulted in a drop in Adjusted EBITDA margins by 490bps. Without this effect Adjusted EBITDA would 
have been down 7%. 
ANH: The Adjusted EBITDA was down 76% year-on-year, because of lower vitamin prices, weaker volumes and 
higher idle costs. Foreign exchange rates had a 2% negative impact. Adjusted EBITDA margin was down to the 
level of 4% which was 980bps lower than in 2022. The total vitamin effect is estimated at around €350 million. 
On an International Financial Reporting Standards (“IFRS")1 basis:  
• 
€2,153 million Net profit (total group) versus €1,715 million in 2022 
• 
€9.14 Basic earnings per share (EPS) versus €9.80 in 2022 
 
Income statement and key data – pro forma 
x € million 
Pro forma 
2023 
Pro forma 
2022 
Change 
Continuing operations 
 
 
 
Sales 
12,310 
13,238 
-7% 
Adjusted EBITDA 
1,777 
2,275 
-22% 
Adjusted operating profit 
666 
1,361 
-51% 
Operating profit (loss) 
(173) 
1,111 
-116% 
Net profit (loss) 
(321) 
788 
-141% 
Adjusted net profit 
365 
1,013 
-64% 
Core adjusted net profit 
555 
1,013 
-45% 
Adjusted gross operating free cash flow 
999 
918 
9% 
Adjusted EBITDA margin (in %) 
14.4 
17.2 
 
Core adjusted ROCE (in %) 
5.2 
8.4 
 
 
Income statement and key data – IFRS 
x € million 
IFRS 2023 
IFRS 2022 
Change 
Continuing operations 
 
 
Sales 
10,627 
8,390 
27% 
Adjusted EBITDA 
1,443 
1,395 
3% 
Adjusted operating profit 
430 
767 
-44% 
Operating profit (loss) 
(497) 
682 
-173% 
Net profit (loss) 
(636) 
475 
-234% 
 
1 IFRS Accounting Standards as issued by the International Accounting Standards Board (IASB)

--- Page 99 ---
- 99 - 
 
 
Adjusted net profit 
190 
555 
-66% 
Core adjusted net profit 
380 
555 
-32% 
Adjusted gross operating free cash flow 
856 
310 
176% 
Adjusted EBITDA margin (in %) 
13.6 
16.6 
 
 
The below tables provide a reconciliation of the Alternative Performance Measures (“APMs”) on a pro forma 
basis to the APMs on an IFRS basis. For a reconciliation of these APMs to the closest reconcilable IFRS metric, 
see also in the Guarantor 2023 Annual Report Note 2 to the consolidated financial statements of the Guarantor on 
pages 201 – 204 (incorporated by reference in this Base Prospectus).  
 
Reconciliation pro forma with 
IFRS 
x € million 
IFRS 2023 
Firmenich 
1 January – 8 May 
Intercompany 
eliminations 
Pro forma 
2023 
Continuing operations 
 
 
 
 
Sales 
10,627 
1,697 
(14) 
12,310 
Adjusted EBITDA 
1,443 
334 
- 
1,777 
Operating profit (loss) (EBIT) 
(497) 
324 
- 
(173) 
Adjusted operating profit (loss) 
(EBIT) 
430 
236 
- 
666 
Core adjusted operating profit 
(EBIT) 
614 
236 
- 
850 
Net profit (loss) 
(636) 
315 
- 
(321) 
Adjusted net profit 
190 
175 
- 
365 
Core adjusted net profit 
380 
175 
- 
555 
Adjusted gross operating free cash 
flow 
856 
143 
- 
999 
Adjusted EBITDA margin (in %) 
13.6 
0.8 
- 
14.4 
 
x € million 
2023 
Average capital employed (IFRS) 
20,576 
Book value adjustments1 
2,465 
PPA adjustments2 
(6,618) 
Core average capital employed (pro forma) 
16,423 
Core adjusted operating profit (EBIT) 
850 
Core adjusted ROCE (in %) 
5.2 
 
 
 
1 Book value adjustments relate to the book value of Firmenich's asset and liabilities before the merger date and adjustments related to the 
buy out of minority shareholders. 
2 PPA adjustments relate to the fair value step ups on Firmenich's identifiable assets acquired and liabilities assumed following the merger 
transaction. 
 
Net Sales and Adj. EBITDA 
per Business Unit – pro forma 
Net sales 
Adjusted EBITDA 
Adjusted EBITDA 
margin  (%) 
 
x € million 
Pro 
forma 
2023 
Pro 
forma 
2022 % change 
Pro 
forma 
2023 
Pro 
forma 
2022 % change 
Pro 
forma 
2023 
Pro 
forma 
2022 
Perfumery & Beauty 
3,709 
3,792 
-2% 
783 
748 
5% 
21.1 
19.7 
Taste, Texture & Health 
3,038 
3,174 
-4% 
556 
549 
1% 
18.3 
17.3 
Health, Nutrition & Care 
2,270 
2,418 
-6% 
389 
533 
-27% 
17.1 
22.0 
Animal Nutrition & Health 
3,227 
3,784 
-15% 
128 
524 
-76% 
4.0 
13.8 
Corporate Activities 
66 
70 
-6% 
(79) 
(79) 
0% 
 
- 
Total, continuing operations 
12,310 
13,238 
-7% 
1,777 
2,275 
-22% 
14.4 
17.2

--- Page 100 ---
- 100 - 
 
 
Net Sales and Adj. EBITDA 
per Business Unit - IFRS 
Net sales 
Adjusted EBITDA 
Adjusted EBITDA 
margin  (%) 
x € million 
IFRS 
2023 
IFRS 
2022 % change 
IFRS 
2023 
IFRS 
2022 
% 
change 
IFRS 
2023 
IFRS 
2022 
Perfumery & Beauty 
2,619 
- 
n/a 
579 
- 
n/a 
22.1 
- 
Taste, Texture & Health 
2,471 
1,545 
60% 
437 
266 
64% 
17.7 
17.2 
Health, Nutrition & Care1 
2,246 
2,990 
-25% 
377 
678 
-44% 
16.8 
22.7 
Animal Nutrition & Health 
3,223 
3,784 
-15% 
128 
546 
-77% 
4.0 
14.4 
Corporate Activities 
68 
71 
-4% 
(78) 
(95) 
-18% 
 
 
Total, continuing operations 
10,627 
8,390 
27% 
1,443 
1,395 
3% 
13.6 
16.6 
1 The 2022 figures for Health, Nutrition & Care include the Personal Care & Aroma Ingredients business, which was transferred to a 
Perfumery & Beauty following the merger. 
Net profit (IFRS-based) 
Adjusted net profit from continuing operations of €190 million was down by €365 million versus 2022. Next to 
the addition of Firmenich and the vitamin impact, this was mainly caused by the increase of depreciation and 
amortization, following the Purchase Price Allocation of Firmenich. The net profit available to equity holders of 
the Guarantor increased by €437 million to €2,131 million. This increase was mainly a result of the net book profit 
of €2,796 million on the sale of DSM Engineering Materials (in comparison with 2022, where the Issuer had the 
net book profit of €1,018 million on the sale of DSM Protective Materials), partly set off by the higher APM 
adjustments of €746 million, mainly due to acquisition, integration and restructuring costs (including 
impairments). As a consequence of the above, the net earnings per ordinary share from continuing operations 
decreased to -€2.82 in 2023 (2022: €2.64) and for total DSM-Firmenich it decreased to €9.14 (2022: €9.80). 
Financial income and expense increased by €62 million year on year to a net expense of €150 million. Next to the 
addition of Firmenich, this was mainly caused by the increase of the exchange differences by €71 million, largely 
caused by the development of the Argentinian Peso. 
The total effective tax rate over taxable result 2023 for continuing operations was 2.8% (2022: 21.0%), excluding 
APM adjustments this was 37.3% (2022: 20.2%). This was mainly caused by the geographical spread, primarily 
due to the vitamin effect, and changes in tax rates. 
Strategy of DSM-Firmenich 
The merger created a world-leader in nutrition, health and beauty. Through its highly integrated portfolio of 
nutritional, natural and renewable ingredients, together with complementary science capabilities and technologies, 
it is positioned to deliver superior innovation-led growth. By creatively applying proven science and drawing on 
data-driven innovation capabilities as well as exceptional standards of operational excellence, the Guarantor seeks 
to tackle the tension between what society needs, what people individually want, and what the planet demands. 
By working closely together with customers to create what is essential for life as well as desirable for consumers 
yet simultaneously more sustainable for the planet, the Guarantor is poised to bring progress to life for people 
around the world. This is achieved by the following operating model: 
• 
DSM-Firmenich operates as one Group, united by a common purpose and values. DSM-Firmenich drives 
group priorities, strategy and standards across DSM-Firmenich and ensure that DSM-Firmenich 
continues to differentiate through Science & Research as well as Sustainability. 
• 
DSM-Firmenich empowers its Business Units with a high degree of autonomy to ensure agility and close 
customer connections in our market approach. To bring the best service to our customers, the Business 
Units have full accountability over their manufacturing plants and Supply Chain as well as Regulatory 
Services. The Business Unit innovation teams work in partnership with Group Science & Research to 
deliver on our ambitions in innovation. In combination with their accountability for delivery of their 
profit & loss and cash generation, they will be able to make choices faster, focus strongly on customer 
needs, and deliver customized services. 
• 
DSM-Firmenich Business Partners enable excellence and efficiency, by partnering with the Group and 
the Business Units, helping them to deliver on their ambitions, serve their customers. In addition, the

--- Page 101 ---
- 101 - 
 
 
Business Partners will drive excellence with shared centres of expertise, to bring differentiated 
capabilities to our company. 
Through DSM-Firmenich’s shared strengths and complementary capabilities, DSM-Firmenich is uniquely 
positioned to provide visionary and science-backed solutions that tackle key global challenges and help shape the 
future. DSM-Firmenich drives growth and positive change with the aim of better meeting consumers’ needs. 
DSM-Firmenich delivers added value thanks to the skill and passion of our people and our combination of creation 
and science capabilities, augmented by new data-driven and digital business models. 
Drivers of success  
Through our shared strengths and complementary capabilities, DSM-Firmenich is uniquely positioned to provide 
visionary and science-backed solutions that tackle key global challenges and help shape the future. DSM-
Firmenich drives growth and positive change with the aim of better meeting consumers’ needs. DSM-Firmenich 
delivers added value thanks to the skill and passion of our people and our combination of creation and science 
capabilities, augmented by new data-driven and digital business models.  
Our people  
DSM-Firmenich employs nearly 30,000 people and is dedicated to achieving its purpose and creating measurable 
added value for its customers.  
Our innovation capacity  
DSM-Firmenich has a growing portfolio of more than 16,000 patents and spends more than €700 million in annual 
R&D and innovation investment enables our Science & Research team across 15 research hubs to deliver 
transformative new solutions. Our Science & Research team works in partnership with its Business Unit 
innovation teams and their 40 creation centres and 75 application laboratories to deliver differentiating innovations 
for its customers. In addition, DSM-Firmenich has more than 100 collaborative relationships with academics, 
startups, and established companies.  
Our market proximity  
Over 340 sites across the world, DSM-Firmenich possesses a global outlook with local insights and market 
proximity, enabling to offer customers a comprehensive range of value-adding solutions and to co-create on the 
basis of our wide-ranging expertise and scientific and technological capabilities.  
Financial Policy of DSM-Firmenich 
DSM-Firmenich will apply the following financial policies: 
• 
Balance sheet: (i) a Net debt/Adjusted EBITDA ratio of 1.5-2.5x; and (ii) a commitment to a strong 
investment grade credit rating; and 
• 
Dividends: average dividend pay-out of 40–60% of adjusted net core earnings. 
Group structure 
The Guarantor is a group holding company that conducts business internationally through its subsidiaries and joint 
ventures. The Guarantor does not conduct any material business operations of its own and therefore it is dependent 
on its subsidiaries, joint ventures and associates. For a detailed list of subsidiaries, joint ventures and associates 
of the Guarantor as at 31 December 2023, see the overview as shown on the table below.

--- Page 102 ---
- 102 - 
 
 
The Guarantor is a holding company. As of the completion of the Buy-Out, the principal assets of the Guarantor 
will be the 100% equity interests in the Issuer and Firmenich. The Issuer and Firmenich are both group holding 
companies that conduct business internationally through their subsidiaries and joint ventures. The following table 
provides an overview of the significant subsidiaries of the Issuer and Firmenich as at 31 December 2023: 
Company name 
Country 
of 
incorporation 
Ownership 
interest 
(%) 
Issuer significant subsidiaries 
 
 
DSM Nutritional Products Australia Pty Limited 
Australia 
100 
DSM Austria GmbH 
Austria 
100 
DSM Produtos Nutricionais Brasil S.A. 
Brazil 
100 
DSM Nutritional Products Canada Inc. 
Canada 
100 
DSM Vitamins (Shanghai) Ltd. 
China 
100 
DSM Andre Pectin, Co. Ltd. 
(formerly: Yantai Andre Pectin, Co. Ltd.) 
China 
75 
DSM Vitamins Trading (Shanghai) Co., Ltd. 
China 
100 
DSM Nutritional Products France SAS 
France 
100 
DSM Nutritional Products GmbH 
Germany 
100 
Istituto delle Vitamine S.p.A. 
Italy 
100 
DSM Japan K.K. 
Japan 
100 
DSM Nutritional Products Mexico SA de CV 
Mexico 
100 
DSM NL Services B.V. 
Netherlands 
100 
DSM Food Specialties B.V. 
Netherlands 
100 
DSM Finance B.V. 
Netherlands 
100 
DSM Nutritional Products Iberia SA 
Spain 
100 
DSM Nutritional Products Europe AG 
Switzerland 
100 
DSM Nutritional Products AG 
Switzerland 
100 
DSM Nutritional Products, LLC 
United States 
100 
DSM Holding Company USA, Inc. 
United States 
100 
DSM Biomedical Inc. 
United States 
100 
I-Health, Inc. 
United States 
100 
DSM Food Specialties USA, Inc. 
United States 
100 
First Choice Ingredients, Inc. 
United States 
100 
 
Firmenich significant subsidiaries 
Firmenich & Cia. Ltda. 
Brazil 
100 
Firmenich Aromatics (China) Co., Ltd. 
China 
100 
ArtSci Biology Technologies Co. Ltd 
China 
90 
Les Dérivés Terpéniques et Résiniques 
France 
100 
Firmenich Aromatics Production (India) Private 
Limited 
India 
100 
PT Firmenich Indonesia 
Indonesia 
100 
PT Firmenich Aromatics Indonesia 
Indonesia 
100 
Firmenich de Mexico S.A. de C.V. 
Mexico 
100 
Firmenich Asia Private Ltd. 
Singapore 
100 
Firmenich SA 
Switzerland 
100 
Firmenich Finance SA 
Switzerland 
100 
Firmenich, Inc. 
United States 
100 
Chem-Fleur Incorporated 
United States 
100 
MCP Foods Inc. California 
United States 
100 
Intercit Incorporated 
United States 
100 
Firmenich DISC Inc. 
United States 
100 
Aromatic Technologies, Inc. 
United States 
100 
 
RECENT EVENTS 
 
On 15 February 2024, DSM-Firmenich announced the initiation of a process to carve-out and separate out the 
Animal Nutrition & Health (ANH) business from the Group. The company believes that the full potential of the 
ANH business could be best realized through a different ownership structure for which all potential separation

--- Page 103 ---
- 103 - 
 
 
options will be considered. DSM-Firmenich would expect to be in a position to separate the business in the course 
of 2025.  
 
On 3 June 2024, DSM-Firmenich held its Capital Markets Day in Paris, France. At the event, DSM-Firmenich 
presented its strategy to investors and analysts.  
  
Following the completion of DSM-Firmenich’s strategic business and portfolio review, we decided to de-prioritize 
certain business segments, and our path forward is guided by a finely tuned strategy, prioritizing high-growth and 
high-margin segments in nutrition, health, and beauty. This focused approach, supported by continued progress 
in delivering synergies, ensures we are not just moving fast but moving smart, aligning our efforts with the 
segments that leverage global macro trends and promise good returns and impact. This meticulous prioritization 
reflects our commitment to excellence and our determination to lead in every aspect of our business. It also implies 
a de-prioritization of certain activities amounting to more than €600 million in total annual sales. In the new 
company setup, DSM-Firmenich will consist of three complementary business units, all of which having a clear 
value creation strategy. Supported by science and sustainability, a superior ingredients offering, distinct 
innovation platforms, deep consumer insights, and technical application expertise, DSM-Firmenich will operate 
with increased focus and be able to leverage its unique portfolio and capabilities. 
  
As part of the presentations, DSM-Firmenich confirmed its capital allocation policy as follows (in order of 
priority): 
 
1. Disciplined capex for organic growth. 5-6% of sales to be invested into capex, of which 60% to be 
allocated to growth capex, with a focus on segments with accelerate and growth promise. 
2. Dividend. On average, the mid-term payout ratio target amounts to 40-60% of adjusted net core earnings. 
3. M&A. DSM-Firmenich will follow a prudent and disciplined approach, with value creation being key. 
4. Share buybacks. To be considered in the absence of value-creating M&A. 
 
DSM-Firmenich also confirmed its mid-term financial policy of 1.5x-2.5x Net debt/Adj. EBITDA. DSM-
Firmenich is committed to maintaining a strong investment grade credit rating. 
  
At the Capital Markets Day, DSM-Firmenich also re-confirmed its continued drive for sustainability leadership. 
It also confirmed that a range of climate targets have been submitted for validation by SBTi. These are: 
• 
Absolute emission reduction of 42% for Scope 1 and 2, and 25% for Scope 3, by 2030 from a 2021 
baseline; 
• 
Net-zero by 2045 across all scopes; 
• 
100% purchased renewable electricity by 2025; and 
• 
Nature positive targets to be set in 2024: High value/risk ecosystems, water and waste. 
DSM-Firmenich has made strong progress towards the successful delivery of the integration of DSM and 
Firmenich. The new operating model has been fully implemented, with 750 leaders appointed in new roles, 
covering 100% of levels N-1 to N-3. One corporate culture has been well established. In terms of synergies, DSM-
Firmenich is on track. In Q4 2023 EUR 15 million of synergies were realized (at the level of EBITDA). 
MATERIAL AGREEMENTS 
On or shortly prior to 8 May 2023 (the “Firmenich Contribution Date”), the Guarantor entered into individual 
relationship agreements with certain individual former shareholders of Firmenich that collectively hold 
approximately 12.4% of the Guarantor's issued share capital and voting rights following the contribution of 100% 
of the share capital of Firmenich to the Guarantor (the “Firmenich Contribution”) (the “Individual Relationship 
Agreements”). In addition, ultimately on or shortly prior to the Firmenich Contribution Date, the Guarantor 
entered into a relationship agreement with a certain number of former shareholders of Firmenich (the “Hedione 
Firmenich Shareholders”) (the “Hedione Relationship Agreement”). Following the Firmenich Contribution

--- Page 104 ---
- 104 - 
 
 
Date, the Hedione Firmenich Shareholders held collectively hold approximately 22% of the Guarantor’s issued 
share capital and voting rights.  
On 30 May 2022, the Guarantor, the Issuer, Firmenich and the former shareholders of Firmenich entered into the 
business combination agreement in relation to the merger between equals of DSM and Firmenich (the “Business 
Combination Agreement”).  
Other than the Business Combination Agreement and the material agreements referred to in this section 
“Description of the Guarantor and the Group – Material Agreements – DSM-Firmenich”, on the date of this Base 
Prospectus, other than in the ordinary course of business, the Guarantor has not entered into any material contract 
which could result in the Guarantor or any group member being under an obligation or entitlement that is material 
to the Guarantor’s ability to meet its obligations to Noteholders.

--- Page 105 ---
- 105 - 
 
 
DESCRIPTION OF THE CROSS GUARANTEE 
The following section of this Base Prospectus summarises selected provisions of the Cross Guarantee Agreement, 
dated 30 May 2024 as amended from time to time, between the Issuer, DSM-Firmenich AG and Firmenich 
International SA under which, amongst other, (i) DSM-Firmenich AG guarantees irrevocably and unconditionally, 
the existing obligations set forth in the Cross Guarantee Agreement and certain future unsubordinated obligations 
owed to any creditor by DSM B.V. and (ii) DSM B.V. guarantees irrevocably and unconditionally, the existing 
obligations set forth in the Cross Guarantee Agreement and certain future unsubordinated obligations owed to any 
creditor by DSM-Firmenich AG, all as further specified in the Cross Guarantee Agreement. Pursuant to the Cross 
Guarantee Agreement, Firmenich International SA guarantees certain obligations of DSM-Firmenich AG in 
respect of indebtedness and vice versa, but not in respect of any (guarantee) for obligations in respect of 
indebtedness of DSM B.V. A copy of the Cross Guarantee Agreement (as amended or supplemented from time 
to time) is available for inspection from https://www.DSM-Firmenich.com/corporate/investors.html. 
Overview 
Pursuant to the Cross Guarantee Agreement, each company party to the Cross Guarantee Agreement guarantees 
fully and unconditionally, the existing obligations of parties to the Cross Guarantee Agreement set forth therein 
and, from the date each of the Guarantor and the Issuer became a party to the Cross Guarantee Agreement, all 
future unsubordinated obligations of (i) the Guarantor in respect of obligations of the Issuer (such as the Notes) 
and (ii) the Issuer in respect of obligations of the Guarantor. On the date of this Base Prospectus, the Guarantor 
to the Issuer is DSM-Firmenich AG.  
Obligations 
Under the Cross Guarantee Agreement, the term obligation of any person means, without duplication (and as each 
may be amended, modified, extended supplemented, novated, restated or renewed from time to time): (x) any 
obligation of such Person under any instrument set forth in Schedule 2 (Existing Obligations) to the Cross 
Guarantee Agreement and (y) (i) any unsubordinated obligation of such Person entered into on or after the date 
of the Cross Guarantee Agreement under any instrument documenting a bilateral or syndicated facility or private 
placement financing transaction of the Guarantor, (ii) any unsubordinated obligations of such Person entered into 
on or after the date of the Cross Guarantee Agreement in respect of a financing transaction of the Guarantor as 
evidenced by bonds, debentures, notes or similar instruments and (iii) any unsubordinated guarantee by such 
Person entered into on or after the date of the Cross Guarantee Agreement in respect of any unsubordinated 
obligation of another Person of the type referred to under (i) or (ii). 
The term Person means any person, firm, trust estate, corporation, association, cooperative, government or 
government agency or other entity whether or not having separate legal personality. 
Ranking 
The obligations of the Guarantor constitute direct, general, unconditional and unsubordinated obligations of such 
company that shall at all times rank at least pari passu with all of its other existing obligations guaranteed under 
the Cross Guarantee Agreement and its future unsubordinated obligations, save for such obligations as may be 
preferred by provisions of law that are both mandatory and of general application.  
Amendments, termination and variations 
Each guarantor under the Cross Guarantee Agreement shall be permitted from time to time and at any time to 
amend, terminate or vary the terms of the Cross Guarantee Agreement provided that the liability of each guarantor 
to a creditor in respect of any guaranteed obligation incurred before, or arising out of a guaranteed obligation 
entered into before, the date of such variation, termination or amendment, shall not be in any way reduced or 
limited by such variation, termination or amendment. Any person shall be entitled to rely on a certificate given by 
a director or other duly authorised officer of the relevant guarantor as to the existence and extent of the Cross

--- Page 106 ---
- 106 - 
 
 
Guarantee Agreement and any such variation, termination and/or amendment of the Cross Guarantee Agreement 
on entering into any dealing, transaction or arrangement with the relevant guarantor under or in respect of which 
a guaranteed obligation would or might be incurred by the relevant guarantor to that person. 
 
No Condition to Enforcement of Cross Guarantee Agreement 
 
Before taking steps to enforce the Cross Guarantee Agreement, no creditor shall be obliged before exercising any 
of the rights, powers or remedies conferred upon it by the guarantee or by law: 
 
• 
Demand: to make any demand of the relevant guarantor, save for the presentation of the relevant 
guaranteed obligation; 
 
• 
Take action: to take any action or obtain judgment in any court against the relevant guarantor; or 
 
• 
Claim or proof: to make or file any claim or proof in a winding up or dissolution of the relevant guarantor, 
 
and (save as aforesaid) the guarantors in the Cross Guarantee Agreement expressly waive presentment, demand, 
protest and notice of dishonour in respect of any guaranteed Obligation. 
 
Waiver of Defences to Enforceability of Cross Guarantee Agreement 
 
Each guarantee under the Cross Guarantee Agreement is an independent, unconditional and absolute guarantee of 
payment and not of collection, and each guarantor waives: (a) any right it may have of first requiring any creditor 
to make demand, proceed or enforce any rights or security against such guarantor, or any other person before 
making a claim against such guarantor as applicable. 
 
Notices and Other Communications to a Guarantor 
 
All notices, demands and other communications to the guarantors hereunder shall be made in writing by letter and 
shall be sent to the guarantors at: 
DSM B.V. 
 
Address: 
Wilhelminasingel 39  
 
 
6221 BE Maastricht 
 
 
The Netherlands  
Attention: 
Corporate Finance Manager 
DSM-FIRMENICH AG 
 
Address: 
Wurmisweg 576 
4303 Kaiseraugst 
Geneva 
Switzerland 
Attention: 
Corporate Finance Manager 
 
Any notice or communication given under or in connection with this guarantee must be in English. All other 
documents provided under or in connection with the Cross Guarantee Agreement must be (i) in English; or (ii) if 
not in English, accompanied by a certified English translation and, in this case, the English translation will prevail.

--- Page 107 ---
- 107 - 
 
 
Governing Law 
 
The Cross Guarantee Agreement and any non-contractual obligations arising out of or in connection with it shall 
be governed by and construed in accordance with Dutch law.

--- Page 108 ---
- 108 - 
 
 
USE OF PROCEEDS 
The net proceeds from each issue of Notes will be used for the general financing purposes of DSM-Firmenich. If, 
in respect of any particular issue, there is a particular identified use of proceeds, this will be stated in the applicable 
Final Terms.  
The Issuer will limit the reflow of proceeds to Switzerland up to the amount permitted under the Swiss taxation 
laws according to the practice promulgated by the Swiss Federal Tax Administration (according to the practice 
described in its Communication-010-DVS-2019 of 5 February 2019).

--- Page 109 ---
- 109 - 
 
 
TAXATION 
 
The tax laws of the investor's Member State and of the Issuers' and the Guarantor's Member State of incorporation 
might have an impact on the income received from the securities. Prospective purchasers of Notes should consult 
their own tax advisers as to which countries' tax laws could be relevant to acquiring, holding and disposing of 
Notes and receiving payments of interest, principal and/or other amounts under the Notes and the consequences 
of such actions under the tax laws of those countries. 
NETHERLANDS 
The following summary outlines certain principal Dutch tax consequences of the acquisition, holding, redemption 
and disposal of Notes, but does not purport to be a comprehensive description of all Dutch tax considerations that 
may be relevant. For purposes of Dutch tax law, a holder of Notes may include an individual or entity who does 
not have the legal title of these Notes, but to whom nevertheless the Notes or the income thereof is attributed 
based on specific statutory provisions or on the basis of such individual or entity having an interest in the Notes 
or the income thereof. This summary is intended as general information only and each prospective investor should 
consult a professional tax adviser with respect to the tax consequences of the acquisition, holding, redemption and 
disposal of Notes. 
This summary is based on tax legislation, published case law, treaties, regulations and published policy, in each 
case as in force as of the date of this Base Prospectus, and it does not take into account any developments or 
amendments thereof after that date whether or not such developments or amendments have retroactive effect. 
This summary does not address the Dutch corporate and individual income tax consequences for:  
(a) 
investment institutions (fiscale beleggingsinstellingen);  
(b) 
pension funds, exempt investment institutions (vrijgestelde beleggingsinstellingen) or other entities that 
are not subject to or exempt from Dutch corporate income tax;  
(c) 
holders of Notes holding a substantial interest (aanmerkelijk belang) or deemed substantial interest 
(fictief aanmerkelijk belang) in the Issuer and holders of Notes of whom a certain related person holds a 
substantial interest in the Issuer. Generally speaking, a substantial interest in the Issuer arises if a person, 
alone or, where such person is an individual, together with his or her partner (statutorily defined term), 
directly or indirectly, holds or is deemed to hold (i) an interest of 5% or more of the total issued capital 
of the Issuer or 5% or more of the issued capital of a certain class of shares of the Issuer, (ii) rights to 
acquire, directly or indirectly, such interest or (iii) certain profit-sharing rights in the Issuer;  
(d) 
persons to whom the Notes and the income therefrom are attributed based on the separated private assets 
(afgezonderd particulier vermogen) provisions of the Dutch Income Tax Act 2001 (Wet 
inkomstenbelasting 2001);  
(e) 
entities which are a resident of Aruba, Curacao or Sint Maarten and that have an enterprise which is 
carried on through a permanent establishment or a permanent representative on Bonaire, Sint Eustatius 
or Saba and the Notes are attributable to such permanent establishment or permanent representative; and 
(f) 
individuals to the Notes or the income there from are attributable to employment activities which are 
taxed as employment income in the Netherlands.  
Where this summary refers to ‘the Netherlands’ or ‘Dutch’, such reference is restricted to the part of the Kingdom 
of the Netherlands that is situated in Europe and the legislation applicable in that part of the Kingdom.

--- Page 110 ---
- 110 - 
 
 
Dutch Withholding Tax 
All payments made by the Issuer under the Notes may - except in certain very specific cases as described below -
be made free of withholding or deduction for any taxes of whatsoever nature imposed, levied, withheld or assessed 
by the Netherlands or any political subdivision or taxing authority thereof or therein. 
 
Dutch withholding tax may apply on certain (deemed) interest due and payable to an affiliated (gelieerde) entity 
of the Issuer if such entity (i) is considered to be resident (gevestigd) of a jurisdiction that is listed in the yearly 
updated Dutch Regulation on low-taxing states and non-cooperative jurisdictions for tax purposes (Regeling 
laagbelastende staten en niet-coöperatieve rechtsgebieden voor belastingdoeleinden), or (ii) has a permanent 
establishment located in such jurisdiction to which the interest is attributable, or (iii) is entitled to the interest 
payable for the main purpose or one of the main purposes to avoid taxation of another person, or (iv) is not 
considered to be the recipient of the interest in its jurisdiction of residence because such jurisdiction treats another 
(lower-tier) entity as the recipient of the interest (hybrid mismatch), or (v) is not treated as a resident anywhere 
(also a hybrid mismatch) ,or (vi) is a reverse hybrid whereby the jurisdiction of residence of a higher-tier beneficial 
owner (achterliggende gerechtigde) that has a qualifying interest (kwalificerend belang) in the reverse hybrid 
treats the reverse hybrid as tax transparent and that higher-tier beneficial owner would have been taxable based 
on one (or more) of the items in (i)–(v) above had the interest been due to him directly, all within the meaning of 
the Dutch Withholding Tax Act 2021 (Wet bronbelasting 2021). 
Corporate and Individual Income Tax 
Residents of the Netherlands 
If a holder of Notes is a resident of the Netherlands or deemed to be a resident of the Netherlands for Dutch 
corporate income tax purposes and is fully subject to Dutch corporate income tax or is only subject to Dutch 
corporate income tax in respect of an enterprise to which the Notes are attributable, income derived from the Notes 
and gains realised upon the redemption or disposal of the Notes are generally taxable in the Netherlands (at up to 
a maximum rate of 25.8%). 
If an individual is a resident of the Netherlands or deemed to be a resident of the Netherlands for Dutch individual 
income tax purposes, income derived from the Notes and gains realised upon the redemption or disposal of the 
Notes are taxable at the progressive rates (at up to a maximum rate of 49.5%) under the Dutch Income Tax Act 
2001, if: 
(a) 
the individual is an entrepreneur (ondernemer) and has an enterprise to which the Notes are attributable 
or the individual has, other than as a shareholder, a co-entitlement to the net worth of an enterprise 
(medegerechtigde), to which enterprise the Notes are attributable; or 
(b) 
such income or gains qualify as income from miscellaneous activities (resultaat uit overige 
werkzaamheden), which includes activities with respect to the Notes that exceed regular, active portfolio 
management (normaal, actief vermogensbeheer). 
If neither condition (a) nor condition (b) above applies, an individual that holds the Notes must in principle 
determine taxable income with regard to the Notes on the basis of a deemed return on savings and investments 
(sparen en beleggen). This deemed return on savings and investments is determined based on the individual's 
yield basis (rendementsgrondslag) at the beginning of the calendar year (1 January), insofar as the individual's 
yield basis exceeds a statutory threshold (heffingvrij vermogen) (EUR 57,000 in 2024). The individual's yield 
basis is determined as the fair market value of certain qualifying assets held by the individual less the fair market 
value of certain qualifying liabilities on 1 January. The individual’s deemed return is calculated by multiplying 
the individual’s yield basis with a ‘deemed return percentage’ (effectief rendementspercentage), which percentage 
depends on the actual composition of the yield basis, with separate deemed return percentages for savings 
(banktegoeden), other investments (overige bezittingen) and debts (schulden). As of 1 January 2024, the 
percentage for other investments, which include the Notes, is set at 6.04%.

--- Page 111 ---
- 111 - 
 
 
However, on 6 June 2024 the Dutch Supreme Court (Hoge Raad) ruled in a number of cases (i.e. 
ECLI:NL:HR:2024:704, 
ECLI:NL:HR:2024:705, 
ECLI:NL:HR:2024:756, 
ECLI:NL:HR:2024:771 
and 
ECLI:NL:HR:2024:813) that the current system of taxation in relation to an individual’s savings and investments 
based on a ‘deemed return’ contravenes with Section 1 of the First Protocol to the European Convention on Human 
Rights in combination with Section 14 of the European Convention on Human Rights if the deemed return 
applicable to the savings and investments exceeds the actual return in the respective calendar year. In these rulings, 
the Dutch Supreme Court has also provided guidance for calculating the actual return: (i) all assets that are taxed 
under the regime for savings and investments are taken into account, and the statutory threshold will not be 
deducted from the individual’s yield basis; (ii) the actual return should be based on a nominal return without 
considering inflation; (iii) the actual return includes not only benefits derived from assets, such as interest, 
dividends and rental income, but also positive and negative changes in the value of these assets, including 
unrealized value changes; (iv) costs are not taken into account for determining the actual return, but interest on 
debts that are included in the individual’s yield basis should be taken into account; and (v) positive or negative 
returns from previous years are not taken into account.  
If the individual demonstrates that the actual return – calculated in accordance with the guidelines of the Dutch 
Supreme Court – is lower than the deemed return, only the actual return should be taxed under the regime for 
savings and investments. As of the date of this Base Prospectus, no legislative changes have been proposed by the 
Dutch legislator in response to the 6 June 2024 rulings. 
The deemed or actual return on savings and investments is taxed at a rate of 36%.  
Non-residents of the Netherlands 
If a person is neither a resident of the Netherlands nor is deemed to be a resident of the Netherlands for Dutch 
corporate or individual income tax purposes, such person is not liable to Dutch income tax in respect of income 
derived from the Notes and gains realised upon the redemption or disposal of the Notes, unless: 
(a) 
the person is not an individual and such person (1) has an enterprise that is, in whole or in part, carried 
on through a permanent establishment or a permanent representative in the Netherlands to which 
permanent establishment or a permanent representative the Notes are attributable, or (2) is, other than by 
way of securities, entitled to a share in the profits of an enterprise or a co-entitlement to the net worth of 
an enterprise, which is effectively managed in the Netherlands and to which enterprise the Notes are 
attributable. 
This income is subject to Dutch corporate income tax at up to a maximum rate of 25.8%. 
(b) 
the person is an individual and such individual (1) has an enterprise or an interest in an enterprise that is, 
in whole or in part, carried on through a permanent establishment or a permanent representative in the 
Netherlands to which permanent establishment or permanent representative the Notes are attributable, or 
(2) realises income or gains with respect to the Notes that qualify as income from miscellaneous activities 
in the Netherlands which include activities with respect to the Notes that exceed regular, active portfolio 
management, or (3) is, other than by way of securities, entitled to a share in the profits of an enterprise 
that is effectively managed in the Netherlands and to which enterprise the Notes are attributable. 
Income derived from the Notes as specified under (1) and (2) by an individual is subject to individual 
income tax at progressive rates up to a maximum rate of 49.5%. Income derived from a share in the 
profits of an enterprise as specified under (3) that is not already included under (1) or (2) will be taxed 
on the basis of a deemed return on savings and investments (as described above under "Residents of the 
Netherlands").

--- Page 112 ---
- 112 - 
 
 
Gift and Inheritance tax 
Dutch gift or inheritance taxes will not be levied on the occasion of the transfer of the Notes by way of gift by, or 
on the death of, a holder of Notes, unless: 
(a) 
the holder of the Notes is, or is deemed to be, resident in the Netherlands for the purpose of the relevant 
provisions; or 
(b) 
the transfer is construed as an inheritance or gift made by, or on behalf of, a person who, at the time of 
the gift or death, is or is deemed to be resident in the Netherlands for the purpose of the relevant 
provisions. 
Value Added Tax 
In general, no value added tax will arise in respect of payments in consideration for the issue of the Notes or in 
respect of a cash payment made under the Notes, or in respect of a transfer of Notes. 
Other Taxes and Duties 
No registration tax, customs duty, transfer tax, stamp duty, capital tax or any other similar documentary tax or 
duty will be payable in the Netherlands by a holder in respect of or in connection with the subscription, issue, 
placement, allotment, delivery or transfer of the Notes. 
SWITZERLAND 
The following summary outlines certain tax implications under the laws of Switzerland of the acquisition, holding, 
redemption and disposal of Notes, but does not purport to be a comprehensive description of all Swiss tax 
considerations that may be relevant. It applies only to entities or individuals who are beneficial owners of Notes 
and may not apply to certain categories of persons. This summary is intended as general information only and 
each potential investor is strongly advised to consult a professional tax adviser with respect to the tax 
consequences of the acquisition, holding, redemption and disposal of Notes. 
This summary is based on tax legislation, published case law, treaties, regulations and published policy, in each 
case as in force as of the date of this Base Prospectus, and it does not take into account any developments or 
amendments thereof after that date whether or not such developments or amendments have retroactive effect. 
Swiss Federal Withholding Tax 
The Guarantor will make sure that, so long as any Notes are outstanding, the proceeds received from the issuance 
of any such Notes and from outstanding debt instruments issued by a subsidiary outside Switzerland with the 
benefit of a parent guarantee provided by the Guarantor or any other subsidiary in Switzerland (including the 
Notes) will not be applied in Switzerland by the Guarantor or any subsidiary in Switzerland in amounts that would 
result in interest payments due under such Notes (or any payments under the Guarantee in respect thereof) being 
subject to Swiss withholding tax. Subject to the foregoing, neither payments of interest on, nor repayment of 
principal of, the Notes, by the Issuer, nor payments in respect of principal or interest under the Notes by the 
Guarantor under Cross Guarantee Agreement, will be subject to Swiss withholding tax.  
Swiss Federal Securities Transfer Tax 
The issuance and the sale of the Notes on the issuance day (primary market transaction) are not subject to Swiss 
federal securities transfer tax. The trading of the Notes in the secondary market is subject to the Swiss federal 
securities transfer tax at a rate of 0.15 per cent. of the consideration paid for the Notes traded, however, only if a 
securities dealer in Switzerland, as defined in the Swiss federal stamp duty act (Bundesgesetz über die 
Stempelabgaben), is a party to or acts as an intermediary for the transaction and no exemption applies in respect

--- Page 113 ---
- 113 - 
 
 
of one of the parties to the transaction. Subject to applicable statutory exemptions, generally half of the tax is 
charged to one party to the transaction and the other half to the other party. 
Income Taxation on Principal Amount or Interest 
(a) 
Notes Held by Non-Swiss Resident Investors 
Payments of interest and repayment of principal by the Issuer, or any payments by the Guarantor under 
the Cross Guarantee Agreement in respect thereof, made to, or any gain realised on the sale or redemption 
of Notes by, an investor who (i) is not a tax resident in Switzerland and (ii) during the tax period in which 
such payment is made or gain is realized has not engaged in a trade or business through a permanent 
establishment within Switzerland to which such Note is attributable, will not be subject to any Swiss 
federal, cantonal or communal income tax in respect of such Bond. 
(b) 
Notes held by Swiss Resident Investors as Private Assets 
A person who (i) is an individual resident in Switzerland holding a Note as a private asset and (ii) receives 
a payment of interest on such Note, or a payment under the Cross Guarantee Agreement in respect 
thereof, is required to include such payment in the personal income tax return for the tax period in which 
such payment is made, and such person will be taxed on any net taxable income (including such payment) 
for that tax period. Subject to the exceptions below for Notes with a "predominant one-time interest 
payment", a gain realized by such individual on the sale of such Note (which gain may include interest 
accrued on such Note or a gain in respect of market interest rate depreciation) is a tax-free private capital 
gain, and a loss realized by such individual on the sale of such Note is a non-tax deductible private capital 
loss.  
Notes without a "predominant one-time interest payment": In case of Notes without a predominant one-
time interest payment (the yield-to-maturity predominantly derives from periodic interest payments and 
not from a one-time interest payment) interest payments (either in the form of periodic interest payments 
or as a one-time-interest-payment such as an issue discount or a repayment premium) on such Notes are 
taxable.  
Notes with a "predominant one-time interest payment": In the case of Notes with a "predominant one-
time interest payment" (the yield-to-maturity predominantly derives from a one-time-interest-payment 
such as an original issue discount or a repayment premium and not from periodic interest payments), the 
positive difference (including any capital and foreign exchange gain) between the amount received upon 
sale or redemption and the issue price (if the Notes were purchased thereafter) will be classified as a 
taxable interest payment, and not a tax-free capital gain (differential taxation method). Losses realized 
on the sale of Notes with a "predominant one-time interest payment" may be offset against gains realized 
within the same tax period on the sale of any bonds with a "predominant one-time interest payment". 
See "Notes held as Assets of a Trade or Business in Switzerland" below for a summary on the tax 
treatment of individuals classified as “professional securities dealers”. 
(c) 
Notes held as Assets of a Trade or Business in Switzerland 
A holder of a Note who is (i) a Swiss-resident individual taxpayer that holds such Note as part of Swiss 
business assets, or (ii) a Swiss-resident corporate taxpayer or a corporate or individual taxpayer resident 
outside of Switzerland that holds such Note as part of a trade or business carried on through a permanent 
establishment within Switzerland, is required to recognize (a) any payment of interest on such Note, or 
any payment under the Cross Guarantee Agreement in respect thereof, made to such holder, and (b) any 
capital gain or loss realized by such holder on the sale or other disposition of such Note, in its income 
statement for the respective tax period in which the relevant payment or disposition is made, and such 
holder will be taxed on any net taxable earnings for such period (which tax will, if such holder is a

--- Page 114 ---
- 114 - 
 
 
corporate or individual taxpayer resident outside of Switzerland as described in clause (ii) above, be 
limited to the extent such net earnings are attributable to Switzerland). 
Swiss-resident individuals who hold a Note and who, for income tax purposes, are classified as 
“professional securities dealers” for reasons of, among other things, frequent dealings and leveraged 
transactions in securities will be treated as though they hold the Note as part of Swiss business assets and 
be taxed as described in the paragraph immediately above. 
Swiss Wealth and Capital Taxes 
(a) 
Notes Held by Non-Swiss Resident Investors 
Notes held by an investor who (i) is not a resident of Switzerland and (ii) during the respective tax period 
has not engaged in a trade or business through a permanent establishment in Switzerland to which such 
Notes are attributable will in respect of such Notes for such period not be subject to any wealth or capital 
taxes in Switzerland. 
(b) 
Notes Held as Private Assets or Assets of a Trade or Business in Switzerland 
A investor who is (i) a Swiss-resident individual taxpayer that holds such Note as part of private assets 
or Swiss business assets, or (ii) a Swiss-resident corporate taxpayer or corporate or individual taxpayer 
resident outside of Switzerland that holds such Note as part of a trade or business carried on through a 
permanent establishment within Switzerland, is required to include such Note as part of private wealth 
or Swiss business assets, as applicable, and is subject to cantonal and communal wealth tax on any taxable 
wealth (including the Note) if the Note is held by an individual, or cantonal and communal capital tax on 
any taxable capital (including the Note) if the Note is held by a corporate person (which tax will, if such 
holder is a corporate or individual taxpayer resident outside of Switzerland as described in clause (ii) 
above, be limited to the extent net wealth or capital is attributable to Switzerland). 
THE PROPOSED FINANCIAL TRANSACTIONS TAX (“FTT”) 
On 14 February 2013, the European Commission published a proposal (the “Commission's Proposal”) for a 
Directive for a common FTT in Belgium, Germany, Estonia, Greece, Spain, France, Italy, Austria, Portugal, 
Slovenia and Slovakia (the “participating Member States”). However, Estonia has since stated that it will not 
participate. 
The Commission's Proposal has very broad scope and could, if introduced, apply to certain dealings in the Notes 
(including secondary market transactions) in certain circumstances. The issuance and subscription of Notes 
should, however, be exempt.  
Under the Commission's Proposal the FTT could apply in certain circumstances to persons both within and outside 
of the participating Member States. Generally, it would apply to certain dealings in the Notes where at least one 
party is a financial institution, and at least one party is established in a participating Member State. A financial 
institution may be, or be deemed to be, "established" in a participating Member State in a broad range of 
circumstances, including (a) by transacting with a person established in a participating Member State or (b) where 
the financial instrument which is subject to the dealings is issued in a participating Member State. 
However, as at the date of this Base Prospectus, the FTT proposal remains subject to negotiation between 
participating Member States. It may therefore be altered prior to any implementation, the timing of which remains 
unclear. Additional EU Member States may decide to participate.  
Prospective holders of the Notes are advised to seek their own professional advice in relation to the FTT.

--- Page 115 ---
- 115 - 
 
 
FOREIGN ACCOUNT TAX COMPLIANCE ACT 
Pursuant to certain provisions of the U.S. Internal Revenue Code of 1986, commonly known as “FATCA”, a 
foreign financial institution (as defined by FATCA) may be required to withhold on certain payments it makes 
(foreign passthru payments) to persons that fail to meet certain certification, reporting or related requirements. 
The Issuer may be a foreign financial institution for these purposes. A number of jurisdictions (including the 
Netherlands) have entered into, or have agreed in substance to, intergovernmental agreements with the United 
States to implement FATCA (“IGAs”), which modify the way in which FATCA applies in their jurisdictions. 
Under the provisions of IGAs as currently in effect, a foreign financial institution in an IGA jurisdiction would 
generally not be required to withhold under FATCA or an IGA from payments that it makes. Certain aspects of 
the application of the FATCA provisions and IGAs to instruments such as the Notes, including whether 
withholding would ever be required pursuant to FATCA or an IGA with respect to payments on instruments such 
as the Notes, are uncertain and may be subject to change. Even if withholding would be required pursuant to 
FATCA or an IGA with respect to payments on instruments such as Notes, such withholding would not apply 
prior to the date that is two years after the date on which final regulations defining foreign passthru payments are 
published in the U.S. Federal Register and Notes characterised as debt (or which are not otherwise characterised 
as equity and have a fixed term) for U.S. federal tax purposes that are issued on or prior to the date that is six 
months after the date on which final regulations defining foreign passthru payments are filed with the U.S. Federal 
Register generally would be grandfathered for purposes of FATCA withholding unless materially modified after 
such date. However, if additional Notes (as described under "Terms and Conditions—Further Issues") that are not 
distinguishable from previously issued Notes are issued after the expiration of the grandfathering period and are 
subject to withholding under FATCA, then withholding agents may treat all Notes, including Notes offered prior 
to the expiration of the grandfathering period, as subject to withholding under FATCA. 
Holders should consult their own tax advisers regarding how these rules may apply to their investment in the 
Notes.

--- Page 116 ---
- 116 - 
 
 
SUBSCRIPTION AND SALE  
The Dealers have in the Dealer Agreement agreed with the Issuer a basis upon which they or any of them may 
from time to time purchase Notes.  
United States 
The Notes have not been and will not be registered under the Securities Act or with any securities regulatory 
authority of any state or other jurisdiction of the United States and may not be offered or sold within the United 
States or to, or for the account or benefit of, U.S. persons except pursuant to an exemption from, or in a transaction 
not subject to the registration requirements of the Securities Act. Terms used in this paragraph have the meanings 
given to them by Regulation S under the Securities Act. 
The Notes in bearer form may be subject to U.S. tax law requirements and may not be offered, sold or delivered 
within the United States or its possessions or to a United States person, except in certain transactions permitted 
by United States tax regulations. Terms used in this paragraph have the meanings given to them by the U.S. 
Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended, and regulations thereunder. The applicable Final Terms will identify 
whether TEFRA C rules or TEFRA D rules apply or whether TEFRA is not applicable. 
Each Dealer has represented and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be required 
to represent and agree, that it will not offer, sell or deliver Notes (i) as part of their distribution at any time or (ii) 
otherwise until 40 days after the later of the commencement of the offering and the Issue Date, (as determined by 
the relevant Dealer(s) or, in the case of an issue of Notes on a syndicated basis, the relevant lead manager), of all 
Notes of the Tranche of which such Notes are a part, except in accordance with Rule 903 of the Regulation S 
under the Securities Act. Each Dealer has further agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme 
will be required to agree, that it will send to each distributor, dealer or person receiving a selling concession, fee 
or other remuneration to which it sells any Notes during the distribution compliance period a confirmation or other 
notice setting forth the restrictions on offers and sales of the Notes within the United States or to, or for the account 
or benefit of, U.S. persons. Terms used in this paragraph have the meanings given to them by Regulation S under 
the Securities Act. 
In addition, until 40 days after the commencement of the offering of any Tranche of Notes, an offer or sale of such 
Notes within the United States by any dealer (whether or not participating in the offering) may violate the 
registration requirements of the Securities Act if such offer or sale is made otherwise than in accordance with an 
available exemption from registration under the Securities Act. 
Prohibition of Sales to EEA Retail Investors 
Unless the Final Terms in respect of any Notes specifies the "Prohibition of Sales to EEA Retail Investors" as 
"Not Applicable", each Dealer has represented and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the 
Programme will be required to represent and agree, that it has not offered, sold or otherwise made available and 
will not offer, sell or otherwise make available any Notes which are the subject of the offering contemplated by 
this Base Prospectus as completed by the Final Terms in relation thereto to any retail investor in the European 
Economic Area. For the purposes of this provision: 
(a) 
the expression "retail investor" means a person who is one (or more) of the following: 
(i) 
a retail client as defined in point (11) of Article 4(1) of Directive 2014/65/EU (as amended, 
"MiFID II"); or 
(ii) 
a customer within the meaning of Directive 2016/97/EU (the "Insurance Distribution 
Directive"), where that customer would not qualify as a professional client as defined in point 
(10) of Article 4(1) of MiFID II; or

--- Page 117 ---
- 117 - 
 
 
(iii) 
not a qualified investor as defined in Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 (the "Prospectus 
Regulation"); and 
(b) 
the expression "offer" includes the communication in any form and by any means of sufficient 
information on the terms of the offer and the Notes to be offered so as to enable an investor to decide to 
purchase or subscribe the Notes. 
If the Final Terms in respect of any Notes specifies “Prohibition of Sales to EEA Retail Investors” as “Not 
Applicable”, in relation to each Member State of the European Economic Area, each Dealer has represented and 
agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be required to represent and agree, that it 
has not made and will not make an offer of Notes which are the subject of the offering contemplated by this Base 
Prospectus as completed by the final terms in relation thereto to the public in that Member State except that it may 
make an offer of such Notes to the public in that Member State: 
(A) 
at any time to any legal entity which is a qualified investor as defined in the Prospectus Regulation; 
(B) 
at any time to fewer than 150 natural or legal persons (other than qualified investors as defined in the 
Prospectus Regulation) subject to obtaining the prior consent of the relevant Dealer or Dealers nominated 
by the Issuer for any such offer; or 
(C) 
at any time in any other circumstances falling within Article 1(4) of the Prospectus Regulation, 
provided that no such offer of Notes referred to in (A) to (C) above shall require the Issuer or any Dealer to publish 
a prospectus pursuant to Article 3 of the Prospectus Regulation or supplement a prospectus pursuant to Article 23 
of the Prospectus Regulation. 
For the purposes of this provision:  
• 
the expression an offer of Notes to the public in relation to any Notes in any Member State means the 
communication in any form and by any means of sufficient information on the terms of the offer and the 
Notes to be offered so as to enable an investor to decide to purchase or subscribe for the Notes; and 
• 
the expression Prospectus Regulation means Regulation (EU) 2017/1129. 
United Kingdom 
Prohibition of sales to UK Retail Investors 
Unless the Final Terms in respect of any Notes specifies “Prohibition of Sales to UK Retail Investors” as “Not 
Applicable”, each Dealer has represented and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme 
will be required to represent and agree, that it has not offered, sold or otherwise made available and will not offer, 
sell or otherwise make available any Notes which are the subject of the offering contemplated by this Base 
Prospectus as completed by the Final Terms in relation thereto to any retail investor in the United Kingdom. For 
the purposes of this provision: 
(a) 
the expression "retail investor" means a person who is one (or more) of the following: 
(i) 
a retail client, as defined in point (8) of Article 2 of Regulation (EU) No 2017/565 as it forms 
part of domestic law by virtue of the EUWA; or 
(ii) 
a customer within the meaning of the provisions of the FSMA and any rules or regulations made 
under the FSMA to implement Directive (EU) 2016/97, where that customer would not qualify 
as a professional client, as defined in point (8) of Article 2(1) of Regulation (EU) No 600/2014 
as it forms part of domestic law by virtue of the EUWA; or

--- Page 118 ---
- 118 - 
 
 
(iii) 
not a qualified investor as defined in Article 2 of the UK Prospectus Regulation; and 
(b) 
the expression an offer includes the communication in any form and by any means of sufficient 
information on the terms of the offer and the Notes to be offered so as to enable an investor to decide to 
purchase or subscribe for the Notes. 
If the Final Terms in respect of any Notes specifies “Prohibition of Sales to UK Retail Investors” as “Not 
Applicable”, each Dealer has represented and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme 
will be required to represent and agree, that it has not made and will not make an offer of Notes which are the 
subject of the offering contemplated by this Base Prospectus as completed by the final terms in relation thereto to 
the public in the United Kingdom except that it may make an offer of such Notes to the public in the United 
Kingdom: 
(A) 
at any time to any legal entity which is a qualified investor as defined in Article 2 of the UK Prospectus 
Regulation; 
(B) 
at any time to fewer than 150 natural or legal persons (other than qualified investors as defined in Article 
2 of the UK Prospectus Regulation) in the United Kingdom subject to obtaining the prior consent of the 
relevant Dealer or Dealers nominated by the Issuer for any such offer; or 
(C) 
at any time in any other circumstances falling within section 86 of the FSMA, 
provided that no such offer of Notes referred to in (A) to (C) above shall require the Issuer or any Dealer to publish 
a prospectus pursuant to section 85 of the FSMA or supplement a prospectus pursuant to Article 23 of the UK 
Prospectus Regulation. 
For the purposes of this provision: 
• 
the expression an offer of Notes to the public in relation to any Notes means the communication in any 
form and by any means of sufficient information on the terms of the offer and the Notes to be offered so 
as to enable an investor to decide to purchase or subscribe for the Notes; and  
• 
the expression UK Prospectus Regulation means Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 as it forms part of 
domestic law by virtue of the EUWA.  
Financial Promotion 
Each Dealer has represented, warranted and agreed that: 
(a) 
No deposit-taking: in relation to any Notes which have a maturity of less than one year, (i) it is a person 
whose ordinary activities involve it in acquiring, holding, managing or disposing of investments (as 
principal or agent) for the purposes of its business and (ii) it has not offered or sold and will not offer or 
sell any Notes other than to persons whose ordinary activities involve them in acquiring, holding, 
managing or disposing of investments (as principal or as agent) for the purposes of their businesses or 
who it is reasonable to expect will acquire, hold, manage or dispose of investments (as principal or agent) 
for the purposes of their businesses where the issue of the Notes would otherwise constitute a 
contravention of Section 19 of the FSMA by the Issuer; 
(b) 
Financial promotion: it has only communicated or caused to be communicated and will only 
communicate or cause to be communicated any invitation or inducement to engage in investment activity 
(within the meaning of section 21 of the FSMA) received by it in connection with the issue or sale of any 
Notes in circumstances in which section 21(1) of the FSMA does not apply to the Issuer; and

--- Page 119 ---
- 119 - 
 
 
(c) 
General compliance: it has complied and will comply with all applicable provisions of the FSMA with 
respect to anything done by it in relation to any Notes in, from or otherwise involving the United 
Kingdom. 
Japan 
The Notes have not been and will not be registered under the Financial Instruments and Exchange Act of Japan 
(Act No. 25 of 1948, as amended, the "FIEA") and each Dealer has represented and agreed, and each further 
Dealer appointed under the Programme will be required to represent and agree, that it will not offer or sell any 
Notes, directly or indirectly, in Japan or to, or for the benefit of, any resident of Japan (as defined under Item 5, 
Paragraph 1, Article 6 of the Foreign Exchange and Foreign Trade Act (Act No. 228 of 1949, as amended)), or to 
others for re-offering or resale, directly or indirectly, in Japan or to, or for the benefit of, a resident of Japan, 
except pursuant to an exemption from the registration requirements of, and otherwise in compliance with, the 
FIEA and any other applicable laws, regulations and ministerial guidelines of Japan. 
The People's Republic of China 
The Dealers and investors who are citizens of China or residents in China ("PRC Investors") have acknowledged 
that this Base Prospectus, or the Notes or any material or information contained or incorporated by reference in 
this Base Prospectus relating to the Notes, have not been, and will not be submitted to become, approved/verified 
by or registered with any relevant government authorities under PRC law. Accordingly the Notes may not be 
offered or sold directly or indirectly in the PRC and this Base Prospectus may not be supplied to the public in the 
PRC or used in connection with any offer for subscription or sale of the Notes in the PRC directly or indirectly. 
The material or information contained or incorporated by reference in this Base Prospectus relating to the Notes 
does not constitute an offer to sell or the solicitation of an offer to buy any securities by any person in the PRC. 
The Notes may only be offered or sold to PRC investors that are authorised to engage in the purchase of Notes of 
the type being offered or sold. 
Each Dealer has represented, warranted and agreed to and with the Issuer that it has not made, and will not make, 
any offers, promotions, solicitations for sales of or for, as the case may be, any Notes in the PRC, except where 
permitted by the China Securities Regulatory Commission and other competent authorities or where the activity 
otherwise is permitted under the PRC law. PRC Investors should note that they themselves are responsible for 
informing themselves about observing all legal and regulatory restrictions, obtaining all relevant government 
regulatory approvals/licenses, verifications and/or registrations from all relevant governmental authorities 
(including but not limited to the China Securities Regulatory Commission and/or the State Administration of 
Foreign Exchange), and complying with all the applicable PRC regulations, including but not limited to any 
relevant PRC foreign exchange regulations and/or foreign investment regulations.  
Switzerland 
The Notes may not be publicly offered, directly or indirectly, in Switzerland within the meaning of the Swiss 
Financial Services Act (the "FinSA") and will not be admitted to trading at a trading venue (exchange or 
multilateral trading facility) in Switzerland. Neither this Base Prospectus nor any other offering or marketing 
material relating to the Notes constitutes a prospectus as such term is understood pursuant to the FinSA and neither 
this Base Prospectus nor any other offering or marketing material relating to the Notes may be publicly distributed 
or otherwise made publicly available in Switzerland. 
Singapore 
Each Dealer has acknowledged, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be required to 
acknowledge, that this Base Prospectus has not been registered as a prospectus with the Monetary Authority of 
Singapore (the "MAS"). Accordingly, each Dealer has represented, warranted and agreed, and each further Dealer 
appointed under the Programme will be required to represent, warrant and agree, that it has not offered or sold 
any Notes or caused such Notes to be made the subject of an invitation for subscription or purchase and will not

--- Page 120 ---
- 120 - 
 
 
offer or sell such Notes or cause such Notes to be made the subject of an invitation for subscription or purchase, 
and has not circulated or distributed, nor will it circulate or distribute, this Base Prospectus or any other document 
or material in connection with the offer or sale, or invitation for subscription or purchase, of such Notes, whether 
directly or indirectly, to any person in Singapore other than (i) to an institutional investor (as defined in Section 
4A of the Securities and Futures Act 2001 of Singapore, as modified or amended from time to time (the "SFA")) 
pursuant to Section 274 of the SFA, or (ii) to an accredited investor (as defined in Section 4A of the SFA) pursuant 
to, and in accordance with the conditions specified in Section 275 of the SFA. 
Hong Kong 
In relation to each Tranche of Notes, each Dealer has represented, warranted and agreed and each further Dealer 
appointed under the Programme will be required to represent, warrant and agree that: 
(a) 
it has not offered or sold and will not offer or sell in Hong Kong, by means of any document, any Notes 
except for Notes which are a "structured product" as defined in the Securities and Futures Ordinance 
(Cap. 571) of Hong Kong (the "SFO") other than (i) to "professional investors" as defined in the SFO 
and any rules made under the SFO; or (ii) in other circumstances which do not result in the document 
being a "prospectus" as defined in the Companies (Winding Up and Miscellaneous Provisions) Ordinance 
(Cap. 32) of Hong Kong (the "C(WUMP)O") or which do not constitute an offer to the public within 
the meaning of the C(WUMP)O; and 
(b) 
it has not issued or had in its possession for the purposes of issue, and will not issue or have in its 
possession for the purposes of issue, whether in Hong Kong or elsewhere, any advertisement, invitation 
or document relating to the Notes, which is directed at, or the contents of which are likely to be accessed 
or read by, the public of Hong Kong (except if permitted to do so under the securities laws of Hong 
Kong) other than with respect to Notes which are or are intended to be disposed of only to persons outside 
Hong Kong or only to "professional investors" as defined in the SFO and any rules made under the SFO. 
General 
Each Dealer has agreed and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be required to agree that it 
will (to the best of its knowledge and belief) comply with all applicable securities laws and regulations in force in 
any jurisdiction in which it purchases, offers, sells or delivers Notes or possesses or distributes this Base 
Prospectus, any Final Terms or any other offering material relating to the Notes and will obtain any consent, 
approval or permission required by it for the purchase, offer, sale or delivery by it of Notes under the laws and 
regulations in force in any jurisdiction to which it is subject or in which it makes such purchases, offers, sales or 
deliveries and neither the Issuer nor any other Dealer shall have any responsibility therefore. 
Save as specifically described in this Base Prospectus, neither the Issuer, the Arranger nor any of the Dealers 
represents that Notes may at any time lawfully be sold in compliance with any applicable registration or other 
requirements in any jurisdiction, or pursuant to any exemption available thereunder, or assumes any responsibility 
for facilitating such sale. 
With regard to each Tranche, the relevant Dealer will be required to comply with such other or additional 
restrictions as the Issuer and the relevant Dealer shall agree and as shall be set out in the applicable Final Terms. 
Selling restrictions may be supplemented or modified with the agreement of the Issuer. Any such supplement or 
modification may be set out in a supplement to this Base Prospectus.

--- Page 121 ---
- 121 - 
 
 
GENERAL INFORMATION  
Authorisation 
The establishment of the Programme was duly authorised by a resolution of the Managing Board on 2 April 2024 
and by a resolution of the Managing Board of the Guarantor on 13 February 2024. All consents, approvals and 
authorisations required by the Issuer under the laws of The Netherlands and required by the Guarantor under the 
laws of Switzerland have been given for the Issuer and the Guarantor to undertake and perform their respective 
obligations under the Dealer Agreement, the Fiscal Agency Agreement, the Cross Guarantee Agreement and the 
Notes. 
Ratings 
The Issuer's solicited credit ratings are published by Moody’s Deutschland GmbH (“Moody's”) and S&P Global 
Ratings UK Limited (“S&P”). The Issuer's current long-term credit ratings are A3 with a stable outlook from 
Moody's and A- with a stable outlook from S&P.  
The Guarantor's solicited credit ratings are published by Moody’s and S&P. The Guarantor's current long-term 
credit ratings are A3 with a stable outlook from Moody's and A- with a stable outlook from S&P. 
Tranches of Notes issued under the Programme may be rated or unrated, as specified in the applicable Final Terms. 
A security rating is not a recommendation to buy, sell or hold securities and may be subject to suspension, 
reduction or withdrawal at any time by the assigning rating agency. 
Where a Tranche of Notes is rated, such rating will not necessarily be the same as the ratings assigned to the 
Programme or the rating(s) assigned to Notes already issued. Where a Tranche of Notes is rated, the applicable 
rating(s) will be specified in the applicable Final Terms.  
Whether or not each credit rating applied for in relation to a relevant Tranche of Notes will be (1) issued by a 
credit rating agency established in the EEA and registered (or which has applied for registration and not been 
refused) under the EU CRA Regulation, or (2) issued by a credit rating agency which is not established in the 
EEA but will be endorsed by a CRA which is established in the EEA and registered under the EU CRA Regulation 
or (3) issued by a credit rating agency which is not established in the EEA but which is certified under the EU 
CRA Regulation will be disclosed in the Final Terms. In general, European regulated investors are restricted from 
using a rating for regulatory purposes if such rating is not issued by a credit rating agency established in the 
European Union and registered under the EU CRA Regulation. Moody's is established in Germany and is 
registered under the EU CRA Regulation. 
S&P is established in the United Kingdom and registered under Regulation (EC) No. 1060/2009 as it forms part 
of domestic law by virtue of the European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018 (the “UK CRA Regulation”). S&P 
Global Ratings UK Limited is not established in the EEA and has not applied for registration under the EU CRA 
Regulation. Accordingly, the Issuer rating issued by S&P Global Ratings UK Limited have been endorsed by 
S&P Global Ratings Europe Limited in accordance with the EU CRA Regulation and have not been 
withdrawn.  S&P Global Ratings Europe Limited is established in the EEA and registered under the EU CRA 
Regulation. As such S&P Global Ratings Europe Limited is in the list of credit rating agencies published by the 
European Securities and Markets Authority on its website (at http://www.esma.europa.eu/page/List-registered-
and-certified-CRAs) in accordance with the EU CRA Regulation.   
Clearing Systems 
The Notes have been accepted for clearance through Clearstream, Frankfurt, Euroclear and Clearstream, 
Luxembourg. The appropriate German Securities Code, common code and the International Securities 
Identification Number in relation to the Notes of each Series will be specified in the Final Terms relating thereto.

--- Page 122 ---
- 122 - 
 
 
The applicable Final Terms shall specify any other clearing system as shall have accepted the relevant Notes for 
clearance together with any further appropriate information. 
The address of Euroclear is 1 Boulevard du Roi Albert II, B-1210 Brussels, Belgium. The address of Clearstream, 
Luxembourg is 42 Avenue JF Kennedy, L-1855 Luxembourg, Luxembourg. The address of Clearstream, 
Frankfurt is Neue Börsenstrasse 1, D-60487 Frankfurt am Main, Germany.  
Legend concerning United States Persons 
Notes (other than Temporary Global Notes) and any Coupon appertaining thereto will bear a legend substantially 
to the following effect: "Any United States person who holds this obligation will be subject to limitations under 
the United States income tax laws, including the limitations provided in Sections 165(j) and 1287(a) of the Internal 
Revenue Code." 
Settlement Arrangements 
Settlement arrangements will be agreed between the Issuer, the Guarantor, the relevant Dealer and the Fiscal 
Agent in relation to each Tranche of Notes. 
Documents Available 
For the period of 12 months following the date of this Base Prospectus, copies of the following documents will, 
when published, be available for inspection from https://www.DSM-Firmenich.com/corporate/investors.html: 
(i) 
the Issuer 2022 Annual Report and the Issuer 2023 Annual Report (in English), including the audited 
consolidated financial statements of the Issuer and its subsidiaries in respect of the financial year ended 
31 December 2022 and 31 December 2023 (prepared in accordance with International Financial reporting 
standards as adopted by the European Union and with Part 9 of Book 2 of the Dutch Civil Code) and the 
independent auditor’s reports thereon; 
(ii) 
the Guarantor (under the initial corporate name Danube AG) financial statements for the period from 18 
May 2022 until 31 December 2022 prepared in accordance with Swiss Law and the Guarantor’s (under 
the initial corporate name Danube AG) articles of incorporation and the Statutory Auditor report thereon;  
(iii) 
the Guarantor 2023 Annual Report (in English), including the audited consolidated financial statements 
of the Guarantor and its subsidiaries in respect of the financial year ended 31 December 2023 (prepared 
in accordance with IFRS Accounting Standards as issued by the International Accounting Standards 
Board (IASB) and Swiss law) and the independent auditor report thereon; 
(iv) 
copies of the press releases listed under “Documents incorporated by reference”; 
(v) 
the articles of association (statuten) of the Issuer, and the English translation of the articles of association 
of the Issuer; 
(vi) 
the articles of association (Statuten) of the Guarantor, and the English translation of the articles of 
association of the Guarantor;  
(vii) 
a copy of this Base Prospectus; 
(viii) 
the Cross Guarantee Agreement; 
(ix) 
each set of Final Terms in relation to any Notes publicly offered or listed on any stock exchange; and

--- Page 123 ---
- 123 - 
 
 
(x) 
any future supplements to this Base Prospectus and any other documents incorporated therein by 
reference. 
Legal and arbitration proceedings 
Except as disclosed under the heading “Legal and arbitration proceedings” on page 87 of this Base Prospectus, 
on the date of this Base Prospectus, there are no governmental, legal or arbitration proceedings (including any 
such proceedings which are pending or threatened of which the Issuer or the Guarantor are aware), during a period 
covering at least the previous 12 months which may have, or have had in the recent past, significant effects on the 
financial position or profitability of the Issuer, the Guarantor or the Group or may have significant effects on the 
financial position or profitability of DSM-Firmenich in the future. 
No Significant Change or Material Adverse Change  
There has been no significant change in the financial position and financial performance of the Issuer, the 
Guarantor and the Group since 31 December 2023. 
There has been no material adverse change in the prospects of the Issuer, the Guarantor and the Group since 31 
December 2023. 
Auditors 
The consolidated financial statements of the Issuer for the financial years ended 31 December 2022 and 31 
December 2023 have been audited by KPMG Accountants N.V., independent auditors, located at Laan van 
Langerhuize 1, 1186 DS Amstelveen, The Netherlands, KPMG Accountants N.V. have issued unqualified 
auditor’s reports on these consolidated financial statements. 
The auditor in respect of the Issuer who signs on behalf of KPMG Accountants N.V. is a member of the Dutch 
Organisation of Accountants (Nederlandse Beroepsorganisatie van Accountants), which is a member of the 
International Federation of Accountants (IFAC).  
The financial statements of the Guarantor for the period from 18 May 2022 until 31 December 2022 have been 
audited by KPMG AG (CHE-154.017.048), in Basel, have issued unqualified audit opinion on these financial 
statements. The audited financial statements for the period from 18 May 2022 until 31 December 2022 still set 
forth the old corporate name, i.e. Danube AG before the merger effectuated and is therefore not comparable with 
the Guarantor 2023 Annual Report. 
The consolidated financial statements of the Guarantor for the financial year ended 31 December 2023 have been 
audited by KPMG AG (CHE-154.017.048), in Basel, who have issued an unqualified audit opinion on the 
consolidated financial statements of the Guarantor and its subsidiaries. 
The auditors in respect of the Guarantor who signs on behalf of KPMG AG are licensed audit experts within the 
meaning of the Swiss Federal Act on the Licensing and Oversight of Auditors.  
Post-issuance information 
The Issuer does not intend to provide any post-issuance information in relation to any issues of Notes. 
Applicants will be informed of the amount allotted by the intermediary banks through which they place their 
orders. 
Programme Limit 
For the purpose of calculating the aggregate amount of Notes issued under the Programme from time to time:

--- Page 124 ---
- 124 - 
 
 
(i) 
the euro equivalent of Notes denominated in another Specified Currency (as specified in the applicable 
Final Terms in relation to the Notes) shall be determined, at the discretion of the Issuer, as of the date of 
agreement to issue such Notes or on the preceding day on which commercial banks and foreign exchange 
markets are open for business in London, in each case on the basis of the spot rate for the sale of the euro 
against the purchase of such Specified Currency in the London foreign exchange market quoted by any 
leading bank selected by the Issuer on such date; and 
(ii) 
the amount (or, where applicable, the euro equivalent) of Notes issued at a discount or premium shall be 
calculated (in the case of Notes not denominated in euro, in the manner specified above) by reference to 
the net proceeds received by the Issuer for the relevant issue. 
Third party information 
Where information has been sourced from a third party, the Issuer and the Guarantor confirm that this information 
has been accurately reproduced and that, as far as the Issuer and Guarantor are aware, and is able to ascertain from 
information sourced from that third party, no facts have been omitted which would render the reproduced 
information inaccurate or misleading. 
Responsibility Statement 
The Issuer and the Guarantor accept responsibility for the information contained in this Base Prospectus and the 
Final Terms for each Tranche of Notes issued under the Programme. To the best of the knowledge of the Issuer 
and the Guarantor the information contained in this Base Prospectus is in accordance with the facts and does not 
omit anything likely to affect its import. 
Dealers transacting with the Issuer and the Guarantor 
Certain of the Dealers and their affiliates (which includes for the purpose of this paragraph, parent companies) 
have engaged, and may in the future engage, in investment banking and/or commercial banking transactions and 
may perform services for the Issuer and the Guarantor and their respective affiliates in the ordinary course of 
business. In addition, in the ordinary course of their business activities, the Dealers may make or hold a broad 
array of investments and actively trade debt and equity securities (or related derivative securities) and financial 
instruments (including bank loans) for their own account and for the accounts of their customers. Such investments 
and securities activities may involve securities and/or instruments of the Issuer or the Guarantor or their respective 
affiliates. The applicable Final Terms will specify any other interests of natural and legal persons involved in each 
issue/offer of Notes under the Programme. 
The Issuer, the Guarantor, the Dealers and their respective affiliates may engage in trading activities (including 
hedging activities) related to interests underlying any Notes and other instruments or derivative products based 
on or related to interests underlying any Notes for their proprietary accounts or for other accounts under their 
management. The Issuer and the Guarantor and their respective affiliates may also issue other derivative 
instruments in respect of interests underlying any Notes. Such activities could present certain conflicts of interest, 
could influence the prices of such shares or other securities and Noteholders should be aware that such activities 
could also adversely affect the value of such Notes. 
 
Differences between IFRS Accounting Standards and Swiss generally accepted accounting principles 
 
The Group prepares and publishes its annual consolidated financial statements in accordance with IFRS. Prior to 
the merger in 2023 the Guarantors financial statements were prepared in accordance with the provisions of law 
on accounting and financial reporting contained in the 32nd title of the Swiss Code of Obligations (“SCO”) which 
has been applied by Danube AG since 18 May 2022.

--- Page 125 ---
- 125 - 
 
 
IFRS differs significantly in certain respects from the accounting rules in the SCO and there may be material 
differences in the historical financial information of Danube AG had these been prepared under IFRS. SCO has 
basic and general accounting rules and is not as comprehensive as IFRS. 
 
The following narrative summary describes differences between the significant accounting policies as applied 
under IFRS compared to the SCO as of 31 December 2022, applicable to Danube AG. New standards or changes 
in IFRS effective 1 January 2023 are not considered. 
 
Objective 
IFRS’s objective is to provide information about the financial position, performance and changes in financial 
position of an entity that is useful to a wide range of users in making economic decisions. The financial statements 
are therefore investor/shareholder driven. 
 
IFRS provides detailed guidance on specific accounting treatments and disclosure requirements under IFRS are 
extensive. The SCO’s main objective is to protect creditors and to set the basis for taxation. SCO financial 
statements are primarily driven by the principle of prudence and cannot be described as true and fair; 
overstatements of liabilities and understatements of assets are allowed but are usually limited to the boundaries 
permitted by Swiss tax legislation. The SCO provides basic guidance on general accounting treatments and 
disclosure requirements in the notes are limited, thus leaving greater room for interpretation than under IFRS. 
 
Components of financial statements 
IFRS financial statements consist of six elements: statement of financial position, statement of income, statement 
of comprehensive income, statement of cash flows, statements of changes in equity and notes including a 
description of the accounting policies and other explanatory notes. 
 
However, in relation to Danube AG, the statement of comprehensive income, statement of cash flows and 
statements of changes in equity are not required under SCO and have not been prepared. 
 
Consolidation requirements  
IFRS requires consolidated financial statements including all subsidiaries when control of the subsidiaries exists. 
Generally a parent does not need to present consolidated financials if the parent is itself a wholly owned subsidiary, 
the parent’s debt or equity instruments are not traded in a public market, the parent is not in the process of filing 
its financial statements with a securities commission or other regulatory organisation and the ultimate parent or 
any intermediate parent produces consolidated financial statements available for public use that comply with 
IFRS. Any goodwill should be assessed for impairment annually. 
 
The consolidation requirements of the SCO are largely aligned to the concept of control as defined under IFRS. 
An entity is therefore required to prepare consolidated financial statements if it has a legal or “factual” right to 
control one or more enterprises or has the possibility of exercising control. A legal entity may however waive the 
consolidation requirement if it is controlled by an enterprise whose consolidated accounts have been prepared and 
audited in accordance with Swiss or an equivalent approved foreign regulation (such as IFRS) Goodwill may be 
amortised over a fixed period or may be expensed immediately upon recognition. 
 
In 2022, Danube AG was exempt from the requirement to prepare consolidated financial statements as it did not 
control any enterprises subject to audit in 2022. 
 
Danube AG did not carry any goodwill as at 31 December 2022. 
 
Translation of financial statements 
Under IFRS, where financial statements are presented in currency that differs from the functional currency of the 
entity, assets and liabilities are translated into the presentation currency using year-end exchange rates, while their 
statements of income are translated using average rates of exchange for the year. Translation adjustments are 
included as a separate component of shareholders’ equity and have no income statement impact provided no

--- Page 126 ---
- 126 - 
 
 
disposals of investments have occurred. Under SCO, through 31 December 2022, a company’s accounting records 
should be kept and its financial statements should be prepared in Swiss Francs.  
 
Danube AG presented their financial statements in their functional currency, Swiss Francs, resulting in no 
translation adjustments. 
 
Accounting for tax 
Under IFRS, detailed guidance regarding recognition of deferred tax assets and liabilities is provided. Deferred 
tax assets have to be recognised on tax loss carry forwards if realisation of the tax benefit is probable. 
 
Under the SCO, financial statements prepared in accordance with the SCO are the basis for the tax calculation by 
the tax authorities, subject to any adjustments i.e. unjustified provisions or depreciation as defined by the tax 
authorities. Deferred taxes are not dealt with in the SCO. Due to the principle of prudence, the SCO does not 
permit the recognition of deferred tax assets. 
 
Alternative performance measures (APMs) 
 
In presenting the financial position, operating results and net results, the Guarantor uses alternative performance 
measures not defined by IFRS to provide clear reporting on the underlying developments of the business in view 
of providing a true and fair view. These alternative performance measures should not be viewed in isolation as 
alternatives to the equivalent IFRS measures and should be used as supplementary information in conjunction 
with the most directly comparable IFRS measures. Alternative performance measures do not have a standardised 
meaning under IFRS and therefore may not be comparable to similar measures presented by other companies.  
 
The APMs are reported in the Guarantor 2023 Annual Report in Note 2 to the consolidated financial statements 
of the Guarantor on pages 201 – 204 with the reconciliation to the most directly reconcilable line item of the most 
directly comparable IFRS measures.  
 
Adjusted EBITDA: Earnings before interest, tax, depreciation and amortization (EBITDA) is the sum total of 
operating profit plus depreciation and amortization. Adjusted EBITDA is the EBITDA adjusted for material items 
of profit or loss coming from acquisitions/divestments, restructuring and other circumstances. The reconciliation 
from operating profit to Adjusted EBITDA as shown on page 203 of the Guarantor 2023 Annual Report. 
 
Pro forma: In preparing the pro forma figures, the financial results of Firmenich and DSM have been combined 
as if the merger had occurred on 1 January 2022, and with purchase price allocation adjustments included as of 8 
May 2023.

--- Page 127 ---
- 127- 
 
 
REGISTERED OFFICES 
 
THE ISSUER 
DSM B.V. 
Wilhelminasingel 39 
6221 BE Maastricht 
The Netherlands 
THE GUARANTOR 
DSM-FIRMENICH AG 
Wurmisweg 576 
4303 Kaiseraugst Geneva 
Switzerland 
 
ARRANGER 
Deutsche Bank Aktiengesellschaft 
Taunusanlage 12 
60325 Frankfurt am Main 
Germany  
 
DEALERS  
 
BNP Paribas 
16, boulevard des Italiens 
75009 Paris 
France 
Citigroup Global Markets Europe AG 
Reuterweg 16 
60323 Frankfurt am Main 
Germany 
Coöperatieve Rabobank U.A. 
Croeselaan 18 
3521 CB Utrecht 
The Netherlands  
Deutsche Bank Aktiengesellschaft  
Taunusanlage 12 
60325 Frankfurt am Main 
Germany 
HSBC Continental Europe 
38, avenue Kléber 
75116 Paris 
France  
Industrial and Commercial Bank of China 
(Europe) S.A.  
32, Boulevard Royal 
L-2449, Luxembourg 
Luxembourg 
 
 ING Bank N.V. 
Foppingadreef 7 
1102 BD Amsterdam 
The Netherlands 
 
J.P. Morgan SE 
Taunustor 1 (TaunusTurm) 
60310 Frankfurt am Main 
Germany  
UBS AG London Branch 
5 Broadgate 
London EC2M 2QS 
United Kingdom

--- Page 128 ---
- 128- 
 
 
AUDITORS TO THE ISSUER AND GUARANTOR  
To the Issuer 
KPMG Accountants N.V. 
Laan van Langerhuize 1 
1186 DS Amstelveen 
The Netherlands 
To the Guarantor 
KPMG AG 
Grosspeteranlage 5 
PO Box 3456 
CH-4002 Basel Switzerland 
 
FISCAL AGENT AND PAYING AGENT 
Citibank, N.A., London Branch 
Citigroup Centre 
Canada Square 
Canary Wharf  
London E14 5LB  
England 
 
LEGAL ADVISERS 
To the Dealers as to Dutch Law 
To the Issuer as to Dutch Law 
Clifford Chance LLP 
Droogbak 1A 
1013 GE Amsterdam 
The Netherlands 
Allen Overy Shearman Sterling LLP 
Apollolaan 15 
1077 AB Amsterdam 
The Netherlands 
To the Guarantor as to Swiss Law 
Walder Wyss Ltd 
Seefeldstrasse 123 
8008 Zurich 
Switzerland