--- Page 1 ---
10249879381-v10 
- i - 
70-41048341 
 
BASE PROSPECTUS 
 
 
DSV A/S 
(incorporated with limited liability in the Kingdom of Denmark) 
and  
DSV FINANCE B.V. 
(incorporated with limited liability in the Netherlands) 
EUR 4,000,000,000 
Euro Medium Term Note Programme 
Unconditionally and irrevocably guaranteed by  
DSV A/S 
(in respect of Notes issued by DSV Finance B.V.) 
Under this EUR 4,000,000,000 Euro Medium Term Note Programme (the "Programme"), DSV A/S ("DSV") and DSV 
Finance B.V. (the "Issuers" and each an "Issuer") may from time to time issue notes (the "Notes") denominated in any currency 
agreed between the relevant Issuer and the relevant Dealer(s) (as defined below). Notes under the Programme may be issued 
by either Issuer. Notes issued by DSV Finance B.V. will be unconditionally and irrevocably guaranteed by DSV (in its capacity 
as Guarantor, the "Guarantor"). 
This Base Prospectus has been approved by the Central Bank of Ireland (the "Central Bank"), as competent authority under 
Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 (the "EU Prospectus Regulation"), as a base prospectus issued in compliance with the EU 
Prospectus Regulation for the purpose of giving information with regard to the issue of notes ("Notes") issued under the Euro 
Medium Term Note Programme (the "Programme") described in this Base Prospectus during the period of twelve months 
after the date hereof. The Central Bank has only approved this Base Prospectus as meeting the standards of completeness, 
comprehensibility and consistency imposed by the EU Prospectus Regulation.  Such an approval should not be considered as 
an endorsement of the relevant Issuer or the Guarantor, nor as an endorsement of the quality of the Notes that are the subject 
of the Base Prospectus.  Investors should make their own assessment as to the suitability of investing in the Notes. Such 
approval relates only to Notes issued under the Programme within twelve months after the date hereof. Application will be 
made to the Irish Stock Exchange plc, trading as Euronext Dublin ("Euronext Dublin") for Notes issued under the Programme 
within twelve months after the date hereof to be admitted to the official list (the "Official List") and to trading on the regulated 
market of Euronext Dublin (the "Regulated Market"). The regulated market of Euronext Dublin is a regulated market for the 
purposes of Directive 2014/65/EU on markets in financial instruments. 
The Programme also permits Notes to be issued on the basis that they will not be admitted to listing, trading and/or quotation 
by any competent authority, stock exchange and/or quotation system or to be admitted to listing, trading and/or quotation by 
such other or further competent authorities, stock exchanges and/or quotation systems as may be agreed with the relevant Issuer. 
This Base Prospectus (as supplemented as at the relevant time, if applicable), is valid within 12 months from the date of this 
Base Prospectus. The obligation to supplement this Base Prospectus in the event of significant new factors, material mistakes 
or material inaccuracies will not apply when this Base Prospectus is no longer valid. 
DSV has been rated A3 by Moody's Investors Service ("Moody's") and A- by S&P Global Ratings Europe Limited ("S&P"). 
Moody's and S&P are established in the European Economic Area ("EEA") and registered under Regulation (EC) No 
1060/2009 on credit rating agencies, as amended (the "EU CRA Regulation"). Moody's and S&P appear on the latest update 
of the list of registered credit rating agencies (as of the date of this Base Prospectus) on the European Securities and Markets 
Authority ("ESMA") website http://www.esma.europa.eu. The rating Moody's has given to DSV is endorsed by Moody's 
Investors Service Limited, which is established in the UK and registered under Regulation (EC) No 1060/2009 on credit rating 
agencies as it forms part of domestic law of the United Kingdom by virtue of the European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018 ( the 
"UK CRA Regulation"). The rating S&P has given to DSV is endorsed by S&P Global Ratings UK Limited, which is 
established in the UK and registered under the UK CRA Regulation. 
A security rating is not a recommendation to buy, sell or hold securities and may be subject to suspension, reduction or 
withdrawal at any time by the assigning rating agency. 
Investing in Notes issued under the Programme involves certain risks.  The principal risk factors that may affect the ability 
of the Issuers and the Guarantors to fulfil their obligations under the Notes are discussed under "Risk Factors" below.

--- Page 2 ---
10249879381-v10 
- ii - 
70-41048341 
 
The Notes and the Guarantee have not been, and will not be, registered under the United States Securities Act of 1933, as 
amended (the "Securities Act") or with any securities regulatory authority of any state or other jurisdiction of the United States, 
and Notes in bearer form are subject to U.S. tax law requirements.  The Notes may not be offered, sold or (in the case of Notes 
in bearer form) delivered within the United States or to, or for the account or benefit of, U.S. persons (as defined in Regulation 
S under the Securities Act ("Regulation S")) except in certain transactions exempt from the registration requirements of the 
Securities Act. 
Arranger 
NORDEA 
Dealers 
BNP PARIBAS 
Danske Bank 
HSBC 
ING 
Nordea 
Nykredit Bank A/S 
 
16 February 2023

--- Page 3 ---
10249879381-v10 
- iii - 
70-41048341 
 
IMPORTANT NOTICES 
Responsibility for this Base Prospectus 
Each Issuer and the Guarantor accepts responsibility for the information contained in this Base Prospectus and any 
Final Terms and the Guarantee of the Notes and declare that, to the best of their knowledge, the information 
contained in this Base Prospectus is, in accordance with the facts and the Base Prospectus makes no omission 
likely to affect its import. 
Final Terms/Drawdown Prospectus 
Each Tranche (as defined herein) of Notes will be issued on the terms set out herein under "Terms and Conditions 
of the Notes" (the "Conditions") as completed by a document specific to such Tranche called final terms (the 
"Final Terms") or in a separate prospectus specific to such Tranche (the "Drawdown Prospectus") as described 
under "Final Terms and Drawdown Prospectuses" below.  
Other relevant information 
This Base Prospectus must be read and construed together with any supplements hereto and with any information 
incorporated by reference herein and, in relation to any Tranche of Notes which is the subject of Final Terms, must 
be read and construed together with the relevant Final Terms.  In the case of a Tranche of Notes which is the 
subject of a Drawdown Prospectus, each reference in this Base Prospectus to information being specified or 
identified in the relevant Final Terms shall be read and construed as a reference to such information being specified 
or identified in the relevant Drawdown Prospectus unless the context requires otherwise.   
Each Issuer and the Guarantor has confirmed to the Dealers named under "Subscription and Sale" below that this 
Base Prospectus contains all information which is (in the context of the Programme, the issue, offering and sale of 
the Notes and the Guarantee of the Notes) material; that such information is true and accurate in all material 
respects and is not misleading in any material respect; that any opinions, predictions or intentions expressed herein 
are honestly held or made and are not misleading in any material respect; that this Base Prospectus does not omit 
to state any material fact necessary to make such information, opinions, predictions or intentions (in the context 
of the Programme, the issue and  offering, sale of the Notes and the Guarantee of the Notes) not misleading in any 
material respect; and that all proper enquiries have been made to verify the foregoing.  
Each of the Issuer and the Guarantor confirms that any information from third party sources has been accurately 
reproduced and that, so far as it is aware and is able to ascertain from information published by such third party 
source, no facts have been omitted which would render the reproduced information inaccurate or misleading. 
Unauthorised information 
No person has been authorised to give any information or to make any representation not contained in or not 
consistent with this Base Prospectus or any other document entered into in relation to the Programme or any 
information supplied by the Issuers and the Guarantor or such other information as is in the public domain and, if 
given or made, such information or representation should not be relied upon as having been authorised by either 
Issuer, the Guarantor or any Dealer. 
Neither the Dealers nor any of their respective affiliates have authorised the whole or any part of this Base 
Prospectus and none of them makes any representation or warranty or accepts any responsibility as to the accuracy 
or completeness of the information contained in this Base Prospectus or accepts any responsibility for any act or 
omission of the Issuers, the Guarantor, or any other person (other than the relevant Dealer) in connection with the 
issue and offering of the Notes under the Programme.  Neither the delivery of this Base Prospectus nor any Final 
Terms nor the offering, sale or delivery of any Note shall, in any circumstances, create any implication that the 
information contained in this Base Prospectus is true subsequent to the date hereof or the date upon which this 
Base Prospectus has been most recently amended or supplemented or that there has been no adverse change, or 
any event reasonably likely to involve any adverse change, in the prospects or financial or trading position of the 
Issuers and/or the Guarantor since the date thereof or, if later, the date upon which this Base Prospectus has been 
most recently amended or supplemented or that any other information supplied in connection with the Programme 
is correct at any time subsequent to the date on which it is supplied or, if different, the date indicated in the 
document containing the same.

--- Page 4 ---
10249879381-v10 
- iv - 
70-41048341 
 
Restrictions on distribution 
The distribution of this Base Prospectus and any Final Terms and the offering, sale and delivery of the Notes in 
certain jurisdictions may be restricted by law.  Persons into whose possession this Base Prospectus, the Guarantee, 
if applicable, or any Final Terms comes are required by the relevant Issuer, the Guarantor, if applicable, and the 
Dealers to inform themselves about and to observe any such restrictions.  For a description of certain restrictions 
on offers, sales and deliveries of Notes and on the distribution of this Base Prospectus or any Final Terms and 
other offering material relating to the Notes, see "Subscription and Sale" below.   
In particular, the Notes and the Guarantee have not been, and will not be, registered under the United States 
Securities Act of 1933 (as amended) (the "Securities Act") or with any securities regulatory authority of any state 
or other jurisdiction of the United States, and Notes in bearer form are subject to U.S. tax law requirements.  The 
Notes may not be offered, sold or (in the case of Notes in bearer form) delivered within the United States or to, or 
for the account or benefit of, U.S. persons (as defined in Regulation S) except in certain transactions exempt from 
the registration requirements of the Securities Act.  
Neither this Base Prospectus nor any Final Terms constitutes an offer or an invitation to subscribe for or purchase 
any Notes and should not be considered as a recommendation by the Issuers, the Guarantor, the Dealers or any of 
them that any recipient of this Base Prospectus or any Final Terms should subscribe for or purchase any Notes.  
Each recipient of this Base Prospectus or any Final Terms shall be taken to have made its own investigation and 
appraisal of the condition (financial or otherwise) of the relevant Issuer and the Guarantor, if applicable. 
Product Governance under Directive 2014/65/EU (as amended)  
A determination will be made in relation to each issue about whether, for the purpose of the MiFID Product 
Governance rules under EU Delegated Directive 2017/593 (the "EU MiFID Product Governance Rules"), any 
Dealer subscribing for any Notes is a manufacturer in respect of such Notes, but otherwise neither the Arranger 
nor the Dealers nor any of their respective affiliates will be a manufacturer for the purpose of the EU MIFID 
Product Governance Rules.  
The Final Terms or Drawdown Prospectus, as the case may be in respect of any Notes may include a legend entitled 
"EU MiFID II Product Governance" which will outline the target market assessment in respect of the Notes and 
which channels for distribution of the Notes are appropriate. Any person subsequently offering, selling or 
recommending the Notes (a "distributor") should take into consideration the target market assessment; however, 
a distributor subject to Directive 2014/65/EU (as amended, "EU MiFID II") is responsible for undertaking its own 
target market assessment in respect of the Notes (by either adopting or refining the target market assessment) and 
determining appropriate distribution channels.  
Product Governance under UK MiFIR 
A determination will be made in relation to each issue about whether, for the purpose of the UK MiFIR product 
governance rules set out in the FCA Handbook Product Intervention and Product Governance Sourcebook (the 
"UK MiFIR Product Governance Rules"), any Dealer subscribing for any Notes is a manufacturer in respect of 
such Notes, but otherwise neither the Arranger nor the Dealers nor any of their respective affiliates will be a 
manufacturer for the purpose of the UK MIFIR Product Governance Rules. 
The Final Terms or Drawdown Prospectus in respect of any Notes may include a legend entitled "UK MiFIR 
Product Governance" which will outline the target market assessment in respect of the Notes and which channels 
for distribution of the Notes are appropriate. Any person subsequently offering, selling or recommending the Notes 
(a "distributor") should take into consideration the target market assessment; however, a distributor subject to the 
UK MiFIR Product Governance Rules is responsible for undertaking its own target market assessment in respect 
of the Notes (by either adopting or refining the target market assessment) and determining appropriate distribution 
channels. 
IMPORTANT – EEA RETAIL INVESTORS –  If the Final Terms (Drawdown Prospectus, as the case may be) 
in respect of any Notes includes a legend entitled "Prohibition of Sales to EEA Retail Investors", the Notes are not 
intended to be offered, sold or otherwise made available to and should not be offered, sold or otherwise made 
available to any retail investor in the European Economic Area ("EEA").  For these purposes, a retail investor 
means a person who is one (or more) of: (i) a retail client as defined in point (11) of Article 4(1) of Directive 
2014/65/EU (as amended, "EU MiFID II"); or (ii) a customer within the meaning of Directive (EU) 2016/97 ("EU 
Insurance Distribution Directive"), where that customer would not qualify as a professional client as defined in

--- Page 5 ---
10249879381-v10 
- v - 
70-41048341 
 
point (10) of Article 4(1) of MiFID II.  Consequently no key information document required by Regulation (EU) 
No 1286/2014 (the "EU PRIIPs Regulation") for offering or selling the Notes or otherwise making them available 
to retail investors in the EEA has been prepared and therefore offering or selling the Notes or otherwise making 
them available to any retail investor in the EEA may be unlawful under the EU PRIIPs Regulation. 
IMPORTANT - UK RETAIL INVESTORS – If the Final Terms (or Drawdown Prospectus, as the case may 
be) in respect of any Notes includes a legend entitled "Prohibition of Sales to UK Retail Investors", the Notes are 
not intended to be offered, sold or otherwise made available to and should not be offered, sold or otherwise made 
available to any retail investor in the United Kingdom ("UK"). For these purposes, a retail investor means a person 
who is one (or more) of: (i) a retail client, as defined in point (8) of Article 2 of Regulation (EU) No 2017/565 as 
it forms part of domestic law by virtue of the European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018; or (ii) a customer within 
the meaning of the provisions of the Financial Services and Markets Act 2000 (the "FSMA") and any rules or 
regulations made under the FSMA to implement Directive (EU) 2016/97, where that customer would not qualify 
as a professional client, as defined in point (8) of Article 2(1) of Regulation (EU) No 600/2014 as it forms part of 
domestic law by virtue of the European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018. Consequently no key information document 
required by Regulation (EU) No 1286/2014 as it forms part of domestic law by virtue of the European Union 
(Withdrawal) Act 2018 (the "UK PRIIPs Regulation") for offering or selling the Notes or otherwise making them 
available to retail investors in the UK has been prepared and therefore offering or selling the Notes or otherwise 
making them available to any retail investor in the UK may be unlawful under the UK PRIIPs Regulation. 
Benchmark Regulation 
Interest and/or other amounts payable under the Notes may be calculated by reference to certain reference rates. 
Any such reference rate may constitute a benchmark for the purposes of Regulation (EU) 2016/1011 (the "EU 
Benchmark Regulation"). If any such reference rate does constitute such a benchmark, the Final Terms will 
indicate whether or not the benchmark is provided by an administrator included in the register of administrators 
and benchmarks established and maintained by ESMA pursuant to Article 36 (Register of administrators and 
benchmarks) of the EU Benchmark Regulation. The registration status of any administrator under the EU 
Benchmark Regulation is a matter of public record and, save where required by applicable law, the relevant Issuer 
does not intend to update the Final Terms to reflect any change in the registration status of the administrator. 
Programme limit 
The maximum aggregate principal amount of Notes outstanding under the Programme will not exceed EUR 
4,000,000,000 (and for this purpose, any Notes denominated in another currency shall be translated into euros at 
the date of the agreement to issue such Notes (calculated in accordance with the provisions of the Dealer 
Agreement).  The maximum aggregate principal amount of Notes which may be outstanding under the Programme 
may be increased from time to time, subject to compliance with the relevant provisions of the Dealer Agreement 
as defined under "Subscription and Sale". 
Certain definitions 
In this Base Prospectus, unless otherwise specified, references to a "Member State" are references to a Member 
State of the European Economic Area, references to "U.S.$", "U.S. dollars" or "dollars" are to United States 
dollars, references to "EUR" or "euro" are to the currency introduced at the start of the third stage of European 
economic and monetary union, and as defined in Article 2 of Council Regulation (EC) No 974/98 of 3 May 1998 
on the introduction of the euro, as amended and references to "DKK" or Danish Kroner are to the lawful currency 
of The Kingdom of Denmark. 
References to the "Group" are to DSV A/S and its Subsidiaries taken as a whole. 
Certain figures included in this Base Prospectus have been subject to rounding adjustments; accordingly, figures 
shown for the same category presented in different tables may vary slightly and figures shown as totals in certain 
tables may not be an arithmetic aggregation of the figures which precede them. 
Ratings 
Tranches of Notes issued under the Programme will be rated or unrated. Where a Tranche of Notes is rated, such 
rating will not necessarily be the same as the rating(s) described above or the rating(s) assigned to Notes already 
issued. Where a Tranche of Notes is rated, the applicable rating(s) will be specified in the relevant Final Terms. 
Whether or not each credit rating applied for in relation to a relevant Tranche of Notes will be (1) issued or 
endorsed by a credit rating agency established in the EEA and registered under the EU CRA Regulation or by a

--- Page 6 ---
10249879381-v10 
- vi - 
70-41048341 
 
credit rating agency which is certified under the EU CRA Regulation and/or (2) issued or endorsed by a credit 
rating agency established in the UK and registered under the UK CRA Regulation or by a credit rating agency 
which is certified under the UK CRA Regulation will be disclosed in the Final Terms. In general, European 
regulated investors are restricted from using a rating for regulatory purposes if such rating is not (1) issued by a 
credit rating agency established in the EEA and registered under the EU CRA Regulation or (2) provided by a 
credit rating agency not established in the EEA but is endorsed by a credit rating agency established in the EEA 
and registered under the EU CRA Regulation or (3) provided by a credit rating agency not established in the EEA 
which is certified under the EU CRA Regulation. In general, UK regulated investors are restricted from using a 
rating for regulatory purposes if such rating is not (1) issued by a credit rating agency established in the UK and 
registered under the UK CRA Regulation or (2) the rating is provided by a credit rating agency not established in 
the UK but is endorsed by a credit rating agency established in the UK and registered under the UK CRA 
Regulation or (3) the rating is provided by a credit rating agency not established in the UK which is certified under 
the UK CRA Regulation. 
Stabilisation 
In connection with the issue of any Tranche of Notes, the Dealer or Dealers (if any) named as the 
Stabilisation Manager(s) (or persons acting on behalf of any Stabilisation Manager(s)) in the applicable 
Final Terms may over allot Notes or effect transactions with a view to supporting the market price of the 
Notes at a level higher than that which might otherwise prevail.  However, stabilisation may not necessarily 
occur.  Any stabilisation action may begin on or after the date on which adequate public disclosure of the 
terms of the offer of the relevant Tranche of Notes is made and, if begun, may cease at any time, but it must 
end no later than the earlier of 30 days after the issue date of the relevant Tranche of Notes and 60 days 
after the date of the allotment of the relevant Tranche of Notes.  Any stabilisation action or over-allotment 
must be conducted by the relevant Stabilisation Manager(s) (or person(s) acting on behalf of any 
Stabilisation Manager(s)) in accordance with all applicable laws and rules.

--- Page 7 ---
10249879381-v10 
- vii - 
70-41048341 
 
PRESENTATION OF FINANCIAL INFORMATION 
Presentation of Financial Information 
Unless otherwise indicated, the financial information in this Base Prospectus relating to DSV has been derived 
from the audited consolidated financial statements of DSV for the financial years ended 31 December 2022 and 
31 December 2021 and the audited financial statements of DSV Finance B.V. for the financial year ended 31 
December 2021 (together, the "Financial Statements"). 
DSV and DSV Finance B.V.'s financial year (and that of the Group) ends on 31 December, and references in this 
Base Prospectus to any specific financial year are to the 12-month period ended on 31 December of such year.  As 
at the date of this base prospectus, no financial information has been published in respect of DSV Finance B.V. 
for the financial year ended 31 December 2022. DSV Finance B.V. is a wholly owned subsidiary of DSV and the 
financial statements of DSV Finance B.V. are consolidated within the financial statements of the Group.   
The Financial Statements have been prepared in accordance with International Financial Reporting Standards 
("IFRS") issued by the International Accounting Standards Board. 
Alternative Performance Measures 
Certain financial measures presented by DSV in this Base Prospectus are not defined in accordance with IFRS 
accounting standards. However, DSV believes that these alternative performance measures provide useful 
supplementary information to both investors and DSV's management, as they facilitate the evaluation of DSV's 
performance. It is to be noted that since not all companies calculate financial measurements in the same manner, 
these are not always comparable to measurements used by other companies (even if similarly labelled). 
Accordingly, these financial measures should not be seen as a substitute for measures defined according to IFRS. 
The list below presents alternative performance measures to the extent that such information is not defined 
according to IFRS and not included in DSV's financial statements incorporated by reference into this Base 
Prospectus.  
Financial measure 
Definition 
Rationale for inclusion 
Gross Margin 
Gross profit divided by Revenue 
as defined on page 83 of the 
Annual Report for 2022 
Measures the profitability after 
direct costs i.e. the direct 
profitability of the transportation 
and logistics services provided 
EBITDA 
Operating profit before 
amortisation, depreciation, 
impairment of goodwill and 
special items 
Measures profitability  
EBIT 
Operating profit before 
impairment of goodwill and 
special items 
Measures profitability 
Conversion ratio 
EBIT divided by Gross profit as 
defined on page 83 of the Annual 
Report for 2022 
Measures EBIT as a proportion of 
Gross profit i.e. the overall 
productivity  
Operating Margin 
 
EBIT divided by Revenue as 
defined on page 83 of the Annual 
Report for 2022 
Measures the profitability margin 
Effective tax rate 
Tax on profit for the year divided 
by Profit before tax as defined on 
page 83 of the Annual Report for 
2022 
Measures the Tax on profit as a 
proportion of Profit before tax 
Net interest-bearing debt (NIBD) 
Interest-bearing debt less interest-
bearing assets and cash and cash 
Measures the financial leverage of 
the Group

--- Page 8 ---
10249879381-v10 
- viii - 
70-41048341 
 
 
 
 
 
equivalents as defined on page 83 
of the Annual Report for 2022 
Net working capital (NWC) 
Receivables and other current 
operating assets less trade 
payables and other payables and 
other current operating liabilities 
as defined on page 83 of the 
Annual Report for 2022 
Measures the current assets and 
liabilities used in operations 
Invested capital  
NWC + property, plant and 
equipment, intangible assets 
including goodwill and customer 
relationships less long-term 
provisions as defined on page 83 
of the Annual Report for 2022 
Measures the total capital invested 
Adjusted free cash flow 
Cash flow from operating 
activities less cash flow to 
investing activities adjusted for net 
acquisition of subsidiaries and 
activities, lease liability 
repayments, special items and 
normalisation of working capital 
in subsidiaries and activities 
acquired as defined on page 83 of 
the Annual Report for 2022 
Measures the cash flow available 
to service shareholders equity and 
debt 
Gearing Ratio 
Net interest-bearing debt divided 
by EBITDA as defined on page 83 
of the Annual Report for 2022 
Measures the ability to service Net 
interest-bearing debt through 
operations 
Return on equity (ROE) 
Profit attributable to the 
shareholders of the Group divided 
by the Average equity excluding 
non-controlling interest as defined 
on page 83 of the Annual Report 
for 2022 
Measures the ability of to generate 
a return on the equity invested 
Return on invested capital (ROIC) 
before tax 
EBIT divided by the Average 
invested capital as defined on page 
83 of the Annual Report for 2022 
Measures the ability of to generate 
a return on the capital invested 
through operations 
Solvency Ratio 
Shareholders equity excluding 
non-controlling interest divided by 
Total assets as defined on page 83 
of the Annual Report for 2022 
Measures the overall solidity

--- Page 9 ---
10249879381-v10 
- ix - 
70-41048341 
 
FORWARD-LOOKING STATEMENTS 
This Base Prospectus contains certain forward-looking statements. The words "anticipate", "believe", "expect", 
"plan", "intend", "targets", "aims", "estimate", "project", "will", "would", "may", "could", "continue" and similar 
expressions are intended to identify forward-looking statements. All statements other than statements of historical 
fact included in this Base Prospectus, including, without limitation, those regarding the financial position, business 
strategy, management plans and objectives for future operations of the Group are forward-looking statements. 
These forward-looking statements involve known and unknown risks, uncertainties and other factors, which may 
cause our actual results, performance or achievements, or industry results, to be materially different from those 
expressed or implied by these forward-looking statements. These forward-looking statements are based on 
numerous assumptions regarding our present and future business strategies and the environment in which we 
expect to operate in the future. They relate to events that may occur in the future, that may be influenced by factors 
beyond the Issuers' and Guarantor's control and that may have actual outcomes materially different from the 
Issuers' and Guarantor's expectations. Important factors that could cause our actual results, performance or 
achievements to differ materially from those in the forward-looking statements include, among other factors 
described in this Base Prospectus: 
• 
our ability to integrate our newly-acquired operations and any future expansion of our business; 
• 
our ability to realise the benefits we expect from existing and future investments in our existing operations 
and pending expansion and development projects; 
• 
our ability to obtain requisite governmental or regulatory approvals to undertake planned or proposed 
terminal development projects; 
• 
our ability to obtain external financing or maintain sufficient capital to fund our existing and future 
operations; 
• 
changes in political, social, legal or economic conditions in the markets in which we and our customers 
operate; 
• 
changes in the competitive environment in which we and our customers operate; 
• 
failure to comply with regulations applicable to our business; and 
• 
fluctuations in the currency exchange rates in the markets in which we operate.  
Additional factors that could cause actual results, performance or achievements to differ materially include, but 
are not limited to, those discussed under "Risk Factors".  Any forward-looking statements made by or on behalf 
of the Issuers speak only as at the date they are made.  Neither the Issuers nor the Guarantor undertake to update 
forward-looking statements to reflect any changes in their expectations with regard thereto or any changes in 
events, conditions or circumstances on which any such statement is based.

--- Page 10 ---
10249879381-v10 
 
70-41048341 
 
CONTENTS 
 
 
 
Page 
IMPORTANT NOTICES ............................................................................................................................iii 
PRESENTATION OF FINANCIAL INFORMATION ............................................................................. vii 
FORWARD-LOOKING STATEMENTS ................................................................................................... ix 
OVERVIEW ............................................................................................................................................... 11 
RISK FACTORS ........................................................................................................................................ 16 
INFORMATION INCORPORATED BY REFERENCE .......................................................................... 30 
FINAL TERMS AND DRAWDOWN PROSPECTUSES ........................................................................ 31 
FORMS OF THE NOTES .......................................................................................................................... 32 
TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THE NOTES ....................................................................................... 38 
FORM OF FINAL TERMS ........................................................................................................................ 80 
SUMMARY OF PROVISIONS RELATING TO THE NOTES WHILE IN GLOBAL FORM ............... 97 
DESCRIPTION OF DSV A/S .................................................................................................................... 99 
DESCRIPTION OF DSV FINANCE B.V. .............................................................................................. 110 
TAXATION ............................................................................................................................................. 111 
SUBSCRIPTION AND SALE ................................................................................................................. 117 
GENERAL INFORMATION .................................................................................................................. 121

--- Page 11 ---
10249879381-v10 
- 11 - 
70-41048341 
 
OVERVIEW 
The following overview does not purport to be complete and is taken from, and is qualified in its entirety 
by, the remainder of this Base Prospectus and, in relation to the terms and conditions of any particular 
Tranche of Notes, the applicable Final Terms. The relevant Issuer, the Guarantor, if applicable and any 
relevant Dealer may agree that Notes shall be issued in a form other than that contemplated in the Terms 
and Conditions, in which event, in the case of listed Notes only and if appropriate, a new Prospectus will 
be published. 
Words and expressions defined in the "Terms and Conditions of the Notes" below or elsewhere in this Base 
Prospectus have the same meanings in this overview. 
The Issuers: 
DSV A/S 
DSV Finance B.V. 
Guarantor:  
DSV A/S in respect of Notes issued by DSV Finance B.V. 
Arranger: 
Nordea Bank Abp 
Dealers: 
BNP Paribas, Danske Bank A/S, HSBC Continental Europe, 
ING Bank N.V., Nordea Bank Abp and Nykredit Bank A/S and 
any other Dealers appointed in accordance with the Dealer 
Agreement 
Fiscal 
Agent, 
Paying 
Agent, 
Transfer Agent and Registrar: 
HSBC Bank plc 
Description: 
Euro Medium Term Note Programme 
Certain Restrictions: 
Each issue of Notes denominated in a currency in respect of 
which particular laws, guidelines, regulations, restrictions or 
reporting requirements apply will only be issued in 
circumstances which comply with such laws, guidelines, 
regulations, restrictions or reporting requirements from time to 
time (see "Subscription and Sale") including the following 
restrictions applicable at the date of this Base Prospectus. 
 
Notes having a maturity of less than one year 
Notes having a maturity of less than one year will constitute 
deposits for the purposes of the prohibition on accepting deposits 
contained in section 19 of the Financial Services and Markets 
Act 2000 (the FSMA) unless they are issued to a limited class 
of professional investors and have a denomination of at least 
EUR 100,000 or its equivalent, see "Subscription and Sale". 
Programme Size:  
Up to EUR 4,000,000,000 (or its equivalent in other currencies 
calculated as described in the Dealer Agreement) outstanding at 
any time. The Issuers may increase the amount of the 
Programme in accordance with the terms of the Dealer 
Agreement. 
Issuance in Series:  
Notes will be issued in Series. Each Series may comprise one or 
more Tranches issued on different issue dates. The Notes of each 
Series will all be subject to identical terms, except that the issue 
date and the amount of the first payment of interest may be 
different in respect of different Tranches. The Notes of each 
Tranche will also be subject to identical terms in all respects save 
that a Tranche may comprise Notes of different denominations.

--- Page 12 ---
10249879381-v10 
- 12 - 
70-41048341 
 
Distribution:  
Notes may be distributed by way of private or public placement 
and in each case on a syndicated or non-syndicated basis. 
Currencies:  
Notes may be denominated in any currency or currencies agreed 
between the relevant Issuer, if applicable, the Guarantor and the 
relevant Dealer(s), subject to any applicable legal or regulatory 
restrictions. 
Maturities:  
The Notes will have such maturities as may be agreed between 
the relevant Issuer, if applicable, the Guarantor and the relevant 
Dealer(s), subject to such minimum or maximum maturities as 
may be allowed or required from time to time by the relevant 
central bank (or equivalent body) or any laws or regulations 
applicable to the relevant Issuer or the relevant Specified 
Currency. 
Issue Price:  
Notes may be issued at an issue price which is at par or at a 
discount to, or premium over, par. 
Interest:  
Notes may be interest-bearing or non-interest bearing. Interest 
(if any) may accrue at a fixed rate or a floating rate or a 
combination thereof and the method of calculating interest may 
vary between the issue date and the maturity date of the relevant 
Series. 
Fixed Rate Notes:  
Fixed interest will be payable on such date or dates as may be 
agreed between the relevant Issuer, if applicable, the Guarantor 
and the relevant Dealer(s) and on redemption and will be 
calculated on the basis of such Day Count Fraction as may be 
agreed between the relevant Issuer, if applicable, the Guarantor 
and the relevant Dealer(s). 
Floating Rate Notes:  
Floating Rate Notes will bear interest at a rate determined: 
 
(a) 
on the same basis as the floating rate under a notional 
interest rate swap transaction in the relevant Specified 
Currency governed by an agreement incorporating the 
2006 ISDA Definitions (as supplemented, amended and 
updated as at the Issue Date of the first Tranche of the 
Notes of the relevant Series (as specified in the relevant 
Final Terms)) as published by the International Swaps 
and Derivatives Association, Inc. or the latest version of 
ISDA 2021 Interest Rate Derivatives Definitions, 
including each Matrix (as defined therein) (and any 
successor thereto), as specified in the relevant final 
terms,  each as published by ISDA (or any successor) 
on its website (http://www.isda.org), on the date of issue 
of the first Tranche of the Notes of such Series; or 
 
(b) 
on the basis of a reference rate appearing on the agreed 
screen page of a commercial quotation service. 
 
The margin (if any) relating to such floating rate will be agreed 
between the relevant Issuer, if applicable, the Guarantor and the 
relevant Dealer(s) for each Series of Floating Rate Notes. 
 
Floating Rate Notes may also have a maximum interest rate, a 
minimum interest rate or both. 
 
Interest on Floating Rate Notes in respect of each Interest Period, 
as agreed prior to issue by the relevant Issuer, if applicable, the 
Guarantor and the relevant Dealer(s), will be payable on such

--- Page 13 ---
10249879381-v10 
- 13 - 
70-41048341 
 
Interest Payment Dates, and will be calculated on the basis of 
such Day Count Fraction, as may be agreed between the relevant 
Issuer, if applicable, the Guarantor and the relevant Dealer(s). 
Zero Coupon Notes:  
Zero Coupon Notes will be offered and sold at a discount to their 
nominal amount and will not bear interest. 
Redemption:  
The applicable Final Terms will indicate either that the relevant 
Notes cannot be redeemed prior to their stated maturity (other 
than for taxation reasons or following an Event of Default) or 
that such Notes will be redeemable at the option of the relevant 
Issuer and/or the Noteholders upon giving notice to the 
Noteholders or the relevant Issuer, as the case may be, on a date 
or dates specified prior to such stated maturity and at a price or 
prices and on such other terms as may be agreed between the 
relevant Issuer, if applicable, the Guarantor and the relevant 
Dealer(s). 
 
Notes having a maturity of less than one year are subject to 
restrictions on their denomination and distribution, see 
"Subscription and Sale – Selling Restrictions Addressing United 
Kingdom Securities Laws". 
Denomination of Notes:  
The Notes will be issued in such denominations as may be 
agreed between the relevant Issuer, if applicable, the Guarantor 
and the relevant Dealer(s) save that the minimum denomination 
of each Note will be such amount as may be allowed or required 
from time to time by the relevant central bank (or equivalent 
body) or any laws or regulations applicable to the relevant 
Specified Currency, see "Subscription and Sale - Selling 
Restrictions Addressing United Kingdom Securities Laws", and 
save that the minimum denomination of each Note admitted to 
trading on a regulated market within the European Economic 
Area or offered to the public in a Member State of the European 
Economic Area or in the United Kingdom in circumstances 
which would otherwise require the publication of a prospectus 
will be EUR 100,000 (or, if the Notes are denominated in a 
currency other than euros, the equivalent amount in such 
currency). 
Taxation:  
All payments in respect of the Notes will be made without 
deduction for or on account of withholding taxes imposed by the 
Relevant Jurisdiction, as provided in Condition 12 (Taxation). 
In the event that any such deduction is made, the relevant Issuer 
or the Guarantor, as the case may be, will, save in certain limited 
circumstances provided in Condition 12 (Taxation), be required 
to pay additional amounts to cover the amounts so deducted. 
Negative Pledge:  
The terms of the Notes will contain a negative pledge provision 
as further described in Condition 5 (Negative Pledge). 
Cross Default:  
The terms of the Notes will contain a cross default provision as 
further described in Condition 13 (Events of Default). 
Listing and admission to trading: 
Applications have been made for Notes to be admitted during 
the period of twelve months after the date hereof to listing on the 
Official List and to trading on the regulated market of Euronext 
Dublin.   
 
Notes may be listed or admitted to trading, as the case may be, 
on other or further stock exchanges or markets agreed between

--- Page 14 ---
10249879381-v10 
- 14 - 
70-41048341 
 
the relevant Issuer, if applicable, the Guarantor and the relevant 
Dealer(s) in relation to the Series. Notes which are neither listed 
nor admitted to trading on any market or stock exchange may 
also be issued. 
 
The applicable Final Terms will state whether or not the relevant 
Notes are to be listed and/or admitted to trading and, if so, on 
which stock exchanges and/or markets. 
United States Selling Restrictions: 
Regulation S, Category 2. TEFRA C or D/TEFRA not 
applicable, as specified in the applicable Final Terms. 
Status of the Notes: 
The Notes are senior, unsubordinated, unconditional and 
unsecured obligations of the relevant Issuer. 
Status of the Guarantee: 
The Guarantee in respect of Notes issued by DSV Finance B.V. 
constitutes direct, general, unconditional and unsecured 
obligations of DSV A/S which will at all times rank at least pari 
passu with all other present and future unsecured obligations of 
DSV A/S, save for such obligations as may be preferred by 
provisions of law that are both mandatory and of general 
application. 
Forms of Notes: 
Notes may be issued in bearer form or in registered form. Each 
Tranche of Bearer Notes will initially be in the form of either a 
Temporary Global Note or a Permanent Global Note, in each 
case as specified in the relevant Final Terms.  Each Global Note 
which is not intended to be issued in new global note form (a 
"Classic Global Note" or "CGN"), as specified in the relevant 
Final Terms, will be deposited on or around the relevant issue 
date with a depositary or a common depositary for Euroclear 
and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg and/or any other relevant 
clearing system and each Global Note which is intended to be 
issued in new global note form (a "New Global Note" or 
"NGN"), as specified in the relevant Final Terms, will be 
deposited on or around the relevant issue date with a common 
safekeeper for Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg.  
Each Temporary Global Note will be exchangeable for a 
Permanent Global Note or, if so specified in the relevant Final 
Terms, for Definitive Notes.  If the TEFRA D Rules are 
specified in the relevant Final Terms as applicable, certification 
as to non-U.S. beneficial ownership will be a condition 
precedent to any exchange of an interest in a Temporary Global 
Note or receipt of any payment of interest in respect of a 
Temporary Global Note. Each Permanent Global Note will be 
exchangeable for Definitive Notes in accordance with its terms.  
Definitive Notes will, if interest-bearing, have Coupons attached 
and, if appropriate, a Talon for further Coupons. 
Each Tranche of Registered Notes will be in the form of either 
Individual Note Certificates or a Global Registered Note, in each 
case as specified in the relevant Final Terms. 
Each Tranche of Notes represented by a Global Registered Note 
will either be: (a) in the case of a Note which is not to be held 
under the new safekeeping structure ("New Safekeeping 
Structure" or "NSS"), registered in the name of a common 
depositary (or its nominee) for Euroclear and/or Clearstream, 
Luxembourg and/or any other relevant clearing system and the 
relevant Global Registered Note will be deposited on or about 
the issue date with the common depositary; or (b) in the case of

--- Page 15 ---
10249879381-v10 
- 15 - 
70-41048341 
 
a Note to be held under the New Safekeeping Structure, be 
registered in the name of a common safekeeper (or its nominee) 
for Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg and the relevant 
Global Registered Note will be deposited on or about the issue 
date with the common safekeeper for Euroclear and/or 
Clearstream, Luxembourg. 
Ratings: 
The rating of Notes to be issued under the Programme may be 
specified in the applicable Final Terms. 
In general, European regulated investors are restricted from 
using a rating for regulatory purposes if such rating is not (1) 
issued by a credit rating agency established in the EEA and 
registered under the EU CRA Regulation or (2) provided by a 
credit rating agency not established in the EEA but is endorsed 
by a credit rating agency established in the EEA and registered 
under the EU CRA Regulation or (3) provided by a credit rating 
agency not established in the EEA which is certified under the 
EU CRA Regulation.  
In general, UK regulated investors are restricted from using a 
rating for regulatory purposes if such rating is not (1) issued by 
a credit rating agency established in the UK and registered under 
the UK CRA Regulation or (2) the rating is provided by a credit 
rating agency not established in the UK but is endorsed by a 
credit rating agency established in the UK and registered under 
the UK CRA Regulation or (3) the rating is provided by a credit 
rating agency not established in the UK which is certified under 
the UK CRA Regulation. 
Governing Law: 
The Notes, the Deed of Covenant, the Deed of Guarantee, the 
Agency Agreement and the Dealer Agreement will be governed 
by English law.  
Clearing Systems: 
Euroclear SA/NV ("Euroclear") and/or Clearstream Banking, 
S.A. ("Clearstream, Luxembourg"). 
Selling Restrictions: 
See "Subscription and Sale". 
Risk Factors: 
Investing in the Notes involves risks. See "Risk Factors". 
Financial Information: 
See "Description of DSV A/S ". 
Use of proceeds: 
The net proceeds from each issue of Notes will be used by the 
Group for general financing purposes. If, in respect of any 
particular issue, there is a particular identified use of proceeds, 
this will be stated in the applicable Final Terms.

--- Page 16 ---
10249879381-v10 
- 16 - 
70-41048341 
 
RISK FACTORS 
Any investment in the Notes is subject to a number of risks. Prior to investing in the Notes, prospective 
investors should carefully consider the risk factors associated with any investment in the Notes, the business 
of the Issuers and the Guarantor and the industry in which they operate together with all other information 
contained in this Base Prospectus, including, in particular the risk factors described below. Words and 
expressions defined in the "Terms and Conditions of the Notes" below or elsewhere in this Base Prospectus 
have the same meanings in this section. 
Prospective investors should read the entire Base Prospectus. Words and expressions defined in the "Terms 
and Conditions of the Notes" below or elsewhere in this Base Prospectus have the same meanings in this 
section. 
The following is not an exhaustive list or explanation of all risks which investors may face when making an 
investment in the Notes and should be used as guidance only. Additional risks and uncertainties relating to 
the Issuers and the Guarantor that are not currently known to the Issuers and the Guarantor, or that either 
currently deems immaterial, may individually or cumulatively also have a material adverse effect on the 
business, prospects, results of operations and/or financial position of the Issuers and the Guarantor and, if 
any such risk should occur, the price of the Notes may decline and investors could lose all or part of their 
investment. Investors should consider carefully whether an investment in the Notes is suitable for them in 
light of the information in this Base Prospectus and their personal circumstances. 
FACTORS THAT MAY AFFECT THE ISSUERS' ABILITY TO SATISFY THEIR 
OBLIGATIONS UNDER THE NOTES 
DSV is the holding company in the Group 
DSV is the holding company in the Group. The assets of DSV therefore consist of shareholdings in and 
loans to other Group members. The ability of DSV to satisfy its payment obligations under the Notes is 
dependent upon the receipt of dividend and interest payments from other members of the Group, and DSV's 
payment obligations under the Notes will be structurally subordinated to any payment obligations owed by 
Group subsidiaries to the creditors of such Group subsidiaries. In circumstances where one or more of the 
risks listed below arises and affects the business, financial condition or operational results of any member 
of the Group, there may in turn be an adverse effect on the ability of that member of the Group to make 
dividend and interest payments to DSV, so as to enable it to satisfy its payment obligations under the Notes 
issued by it under the Programme or pursuant to its guarantee obligations with respect to Notes issued by 
DSV Finance B.V. 
DSV Finance B.V. is a finance vehicle 
DSV Finance B.V.'s primary business is the raising of external funds for the purpose of on-lending to DSV. 
DSV Finance B.V. is not an operating company; it is a special purpose vehicle with no other business other 
than issuing Notes. Substantially all of DSV Finance B.V.'s assets will be loans and advances made by DSV 
Finance B.V. to DSV. DSV Finance B.V. is, therefore, dependent upon DSV paying interest on, and 
repaying, its loans in a timely fashion. If DSV fail to pay interest on, or repay, any loan in a timely fashion, 
this could have a material adverse effect on the ability of DSV Finance B.V. to fulfil its obligations under 
the Notes. It is for this reason the Notes are guaranteed by DSV. By virtue of its dependence on DSV, each 
of the risks described herein that affect DSV will also indirectly affect DSV Finance B.V.'s which could 
have a materially adverse effect on DSV Finance B.V.'s ability to pay the Noteholders. 
RISKS RELATING TO THE GROUP 
Risks related to the Group's business 
If the global volumes of trade decrease the demand for the Group's services and thereby its business 
and results could be adversely affected 
The Group operates in a low margin industry and to remain profitable, it must maintain a critical mass of 
volumes of trades. The demand for the Group's services is directly related to the economic conditions for 
sale and purchase of goods and transportation. An economic recession leading to stagnation or declining 
economic growth will therefore directly impact the Group's activity levels. The trade volumes may be

--- Page 17 ---
10249879381-v10 
- 17 - 
70-41048341 
 
influenced by many economic, political, and other factors that are beyond the Group's control, including 
but not limited to: 
• 
changes in flows of products due to local and regional changes in costs of production (e.g. if 
production which is currently outsourced to low cost countries is sourced back due to increasing 
production costs abroad and/or protectionist policies which reduce international trade); 
• 
changes in consumer demand for transported goods due to social perceptions or perceptions as to 
the climate impact of transportation; 
• 
shortages of raw materials or in production affecting volumes of finished goods to be transported; 
• 
currency unrest or a currency breakdown in specific regions or countries that are important to the 
Group such as the Eurozone; 
• 
currency fluctuations that may make exports and/or imports from or to certain countries or regions 
unattractive; and 
• 
changes in government trade policies, protectionist measures and threat of increase of import duties 
for goods imported triggering "trade wars" or retaliatory actions by affected countries. 
Uncertainty about global economic conditions poses a risk as consumers and businesses may postpone or 
reduce spending which could have a material negative effect on demand and pricing for freight forwarding 
and logistics services. The Group's revenue and gross margins are dependent upon this demand. 
To cater for this exposure the Group operates a business that is diversified both geographically and in terms 
of the industries to which transport and logistics services are provided. However, if the economic conditions 
deteriorate or uncertainty related to the global economic conditions increase, the Group's business, results 
and financial condition could be materially and adversely affected. 
The Group participates actively in the consolidation of the freight forwarding industry, and if it is 
not successful in making acquisitions and integrating acquired companies, its business and results 
could be adversely affected 
The freight forwarding and logistics industry is subject to a continuous consolidation process driven by the 
increase in cross-border trade and search for economies of scale. The strategy of the Group is to participate 
actively in this consolidation process. This strategy for long-term growth, improved productivity and 
profitability depends in part on the Group's ability to make acquisitions and to realise the expected benefits 
from its acquisitions. While the Group expects such acquisitions to enhance its value proposition to 
customers and improve its long-term profitability, there can be no assurances that the acquisitions will meet 
its expectations within the established timeframe or at all. 
Acquisitions involve a significant number of risks, including, but not limited to, risks arising from change 
of control provisions in contracts of any acquired company, local law factors, pending and threatening 
lawsuits and risks associated with restructuring operations. The integration of acquired companies, such as 
Panalpina and Agility GIL, may result in unforeseen operational difficulties and costs, and the Group may 
encounter unforeseen difficulty in retaining customers from and key personnel in acquired businesses. 
Although the Group has considerable experience in undertaking acquisitions and notwithstanding the fact 
that it undertakes due diligence exercises on acquired companies prior to acquisition, the Group may not 
be able to realise the expected benefits from certain acquisition and/or the profitability of the acquired 
company may be lower than expected or even result in a loss. 
The Group operates in a highly competitive industry and if it is not able to compete effectively, its 
market share, business and results could be adversely affected. 
The freight forwarding and logistics industry is highly competitive and the Group faces competition from 
other established freight forwarders/third-party logistics providers, integrated carriers, logistics companies, 
and digital start-ups. 
Freight forwarding business relationships with customers are generally not based on long-term contracts 
and can be terminated on relatively short notice by the customer. Moreover, customers do not generally 
commit to specific minimum purchases of the Group's services and the rates for its services are subject to

--- Page 18 ---
10249879381-v10 
- 18 - 
70-41048341 
 
market fluctuations. However, the supply chain services the Group provides to its customers continuously 
become broader and more complex, not the least because of new technological possibilities that allow for 
deeper integration into the customers' supply chains and as such, the Group in general is able to retain 
customers for longer periods. Any loss of a significant number of customers or decrease in the business 
with such customers together with a failure to attract new customers, may lead to a significant decrease in 
revenue. 
The Group buys transportation services from several companies with whom it also competes – e.g. hauliers 
with own freight forwarding operations or ocean freight carriers. As these suppliers interact with the 
Group's customers, notwithstanding the existence of certain legal and other restrictions intended to reduce 
the risk of loss of customers, it is possible that these suppliers could take business away from the Group by 
dealing directly with its customers. 
In addition, rather than outsourcing their transportation logistics requirements, some customers could 
decide to provide such services internally, which could adversely affect the Groups business volumes and 
revenue. 
Furthermore, the freight forwarding and logistics industry is subject to constant change as a result of the 
development, adaptation and use of new technologies. This development is driven both by existing 
competitors in the industry as well as new entrants. Digitalisation and automation of processes (such as 
quoting, booking, tracking, reporting and billing) are among the most important trends in the freight 
forwarding and logistics industry. 
New market entrants, including start-ups, established carriers and online retailers (such as Amazon or 
Alibaba) could develop digital customer interfaces and start offering traditional freight forwarding services, 
thereby disrupting the industry or intensifying competition. 
Technological development can also result in new and higher standards for the service level that customers 
expect from the industry. 
The Group has historically been able to compete effectively, but failure by the Group to maintain and win 
freight forwarding contracts or to adapt its services to such technological developments and the use of new 
technologies could affect the Group's ability to compete in the industry which may result in a loss of market 
share and market position, as well as significantly reduced revenue and margins. 
The Group's success depends to a large extent on IT systems. If it is unable to maintain efficient IT 
systems, the Group's ability to provide cost effective services that meet customer demands and its 
business and results could be adversely affected 
The Group's ability to compete is highly dependent on having IT systems that supports efficient and 
standardised global workflows and that is a prerequisite for being cost-competitive in the industry and 
furthermore the Group interacts electronically with its customers either through its websites or through 
direct connections with the customers. The Group's operations are highly dependent on IT systems, 
networks and related processes and its services, analytic capabilities and reporting to the financial markets 
are, to a large extent, also based on its IT systems. The Group has historically been able to maintain efficient 
IT systems, but if it is unable to continue to do so, the Group's ability to provide cost effective services that 
meet customer demands and its business and results could be adversely affected. 
The Group's ability to efficiently and securely process, as well as perform business critical operations, relies 
on the seamless and uninterrupted operation of its IT systems and procedures. The Group's technology 
systems depend on global communication providers, telephone systems, and global and local internet 
infrastructures that may be subject to significant system failures and similar disruptive events. Its servers 
and other hardware are vulnerable to computer viruses, break-ins, and similar disruptions and are exposed 
to "cyber risk". For the supply of software and the maintenance of software and hardware, the Group relies, 
to a large extent, on outside suppliers. Its IT structure could therefore be adversely affected by failures of 
such third-party suppliers to comply with their contractual obligations or by third-party suppliers 
terminating their business or increasing their prices significantly. 
Furthermore, a failure of the hardware or software that supports these systems, the loss of data contained 
in such systems, or the inability to access or interact with the Group's websites or to connect with customers

--- Page 19 ---
10249879381-v10 
- 19 - 
70-41048341 
 
electronically could significantly disrupt its operations, prevent customers from placing orders, or cause the 
Group to lose freight orders or customers, all of which could severely damage its reputation. 
Such systems can be disrupted by, among other things, system outages, power outages, deliberate cyber-
attack or sabotage, computer viruses, hacking, software errors and physical damage. 
In addition, customers are expected to continue to demand increasingly sophisticated IT systems from the 
Group. If it fails to upgrade and replace IT systems to handle increased volumes and to meet increased 
customer demand, its business, financial situation, cash flow, or results of operations may be adversely 
affected. 
The international production set up and distribution channels of the Group's customers may change 
and if it is not able to anticipate such changes and respond quickly to customers' needs, its business 
and results could be adversely affected 
Globalisation, changes in demand patterns and the constant re-design of production setups and supply 
chains with increasing complexity (e.g. supply chains that include mixtures of off- and near-shoring) drive 
the changing needs of the Group's customers (existing or potential) in terms of logistics services. In this 
context for example, the Group is increasingly being asked to provide integrated solutions including a range 
of value-added services, rather than just one element of the transportation or warehousing process. In 
addressing growing complexity, some customers are reducing the number of logistics suppliers they use. 
This offers opportunities but may also lead to customer losses if the Group is not retained as a supplier. In 
addition, it must also be able to anticipate shifts in geographic centres of production (such as from China 
to Southeast Asia or Africa). In order to succeed in the business, the Group must understand, react and 
where possible pre-emptively anticipate customer needs in the optimisation of their supply chains. Failure 
to provide these services successfully may have a material adverse effect on its business and results. 
A structural shift in customers' supply chain set-up may lead to decreased demand for the Group's 
services  
Several customers are becoming more aware of the vulnerabilities within their supply-chains, especially 
after the outbreak of the COVID-19 pandemic, which exposed their dependency on China. This may lead 
to customers exploring supply chain solutions that are less complex, less expensive, and less dependent on 
China, which may contribute towards a shift to a local/regional supply chain model. ESG considerations 
may also contribute towards a structural shift in customers' supply chain set-up, with the circular economy 
being one of the key trends, which may have significant implications for trade volumes. Any of the 
foregoing could have a material adverse effect on the Group's business and results. 
In providing its services the Group relies heavily on subcontractors, and if these services provided 
by subcontractors are disrupted, its business and results could be adversely affected 
The Group relies heavily on subcontractors such as commercial airfreight carriers, air charter operators, 
ocean freight carriers, trucking companies, railway operators and other transportation companies. 
Consequently, the Group's ability to provide its services for its customers could be adversely impacted by 
shortages in available haulage and carrier capacity, alliances and consolidation among carriers, changes by 
carriers and transportation companies in policies and practices such as scheduling, pricing, payment terms 
and frequency of service or increases in the cost of fuel, taxes and labour, and other factors not within the 
Group's control. Shortages in haulage and carrier capacity may be a result of overdemand and may lead to 
increasing prices charged by subcontractors and, in turn, affect DSV's earnings margin negatively. In 
addition, its business, financial condition, revenue, cash flow, or results of operations could be adversely 
affected by material interruptions in service or stoppages in transportation, whether caused by strike, work 
stoppage, lock-out, slowdown, IT-outages or otherwise. In addition, there is a risk that a subcontractor 
acting for or on behalf of the Group and over which it has no control could act illegally, fraudulently, or 
negligently and such action could lead to damage to the Group's local or international reputation and 
liability to pay damages. 
To a large extent the Group's transportation costs depend on oil prices, and fluctuations in these may 
negatively affect its business and results 
The cost of the Group's transportation services depends to a large extent on oil prices. Increases in oil prices 
are likely to increase its carrier costs. While the Group generally will seek and will be able to pass on

--- Page 20 ---
10249879381-v10 
- 20 - 
70-41048341 
 
increased transportation costs to customers there can be no assurance that this is the case. If the Group is 
not able to pass on price increases to its customers, an increase in oil prices could adversely affect its 
business and results. 
The Group's success depends on its ability to hire, retain, integrate and motivate sufficient numbers 
of qualified personnel, including senior management, and if it is not able to retain key personnel its 
business and results could be adversely affected 
Employees are a vital resource to the Group. The Group's business depends on highly qualified management 
teams and employees with technical and operational qualifications at all organisational levels, who are 
capable of handling situations out of the ordinary, and jointly contributing to its financial results. Failure to 
attract new talents or retaining existing, experienced key employees can potentially have long-term 
consequences for the operational, strategic and financial development of the Group. 
If the Group is not able to maintain and enhance its reputation, or if its reputation is damaged, its 
business and operating results could be adversely affected 
The Group believes that its services and solutions, consolidated infrastructure, global reach and employees 
have significantly contributed to the success of its business and that maintaining and enhancing its 
reputation is very important to continued growth and success. Its transports cargo and personnel for a range 
of industries including the military, oil and gas, mining and hazardous cargo sectors, and maintaining and 
enhancing its reputation will depend largely on the quality of the Group's transport services. In these sectors 
and others, accidents, damage or loss could result in severe consequences, including loss of life and 
environmental catastrophe. In addition to the financial liability the Group may face in connection with such 
events, their occurrence could attract significant negative publicity and result in severe damage to its local 
and international reputation. The Group's reputation is also dependent on third parties, such as 
subcontractors and distributors. 
Any negative effect on the Group's reputation, regardless of whether it is in within its control, could 
adversely affect its business and results of operations. 
The outbreak of a rapidly spreading pandemic (such as COVID-19) could adversely affect the 
Group's business and results 
Different regions in the world have from time to time experienced outbreaks of various viruses. At this time, 
a wide-spread global pandemic of severe acute respiratory syndrome coronavirus 2 (commonly known as 
SARS-CoV-2) and the infectious disease COVID-19, caused by the virus, is taking place. 
The COVID-19 pandemic has had a material effect on the global economy, reducing the level of economic 
activity in many regions of the world. The ongoing COVID-19 pandemic and any possible future outbreaks 
of viruses, coupled with the strict state responses to prevent their spread, may have a significant adverse 
effect on the Group. Firstly, a spread of such diseases amongst the employees of the Group, as well as any 
quarantines affecting its employees or its facilities, may reduce the ability of its personnel to carry out their 
work and thereby affect its operations. Secondly, any quarantine or spread of virus may affect the possibility 
of the customers or suppliers to carry out their operations, which in turn may adversely affect the demand 
for the Group's services or its ability to service its customers. 
The outbreak of a rapidly spreading pandemic (such as COVID-19) could have substantial negative effects 
on the global economic conditions. Uncertainty about global economic conditions poses a risk as consumers 
and businesses may postpone or reduce spending which could have a material negative effect on demand 
and pricing for freight forwarding and logistics services. The Group's revenue and gross margins are 
dependent upon this demand. 
Climate change can have a physical impact on the Group's operations and exposes it to transitional 
risks  
The Group is exposed to risks associated with climate change. These risks comprise both physical and 
transitional risks. Physical risks derive from the physical effects of climate change such as rise in 
temperature, sea-level rise, changes in precipitation patterns, fluctuations in water levels or more frequent 
occurrence of extreme temperatures, droughts or other extreme meteorological phenomena, such as 
cyclones or hurricanes. Such physical effects of climate change can influence the Group's ability to operate

--- Page 21 ---
10249879381-v10 
- 21 - 
70-41048341 
 
assets and can negatively impact the Group's supply chains and the infrastructures the Group depends on. 
They can also add insurance costs to the Group's management of its operations. 
The Group may also be exposed to certain transition risks. The transition to a low-carbon economy and its 
associated public policy and regulatory developments may lead to the imposition of new regulations and 
climate change related policies which are adverse to the Group's interests by potentially impacting the 
Group's reputation and financial performance, increased costs for energy and for other resources and 
associated costs, the imposition of levies related to greenhouse gas emissions, increased costs for 
monitoring and reporting related to the Group's carbon footprint, less demand for long haul transportation 
as a result of the pollution emitted, loss of reputation from not adapting to change, declining asset values, 
potential liabilities, changed consumer behaviours, reputational risks, and changes in physical supply chains. 
The current strong sentiments around climate change may also lead to radical actions among consumers, 
customers and politicians which could impact the overall industry. 
Any of the foregoing could adversely impact the Group's business, results of operations, financial condition, 
and prospects. 
The Group may be adversely affected by changes in exchange rates 
DSV publishes its consolidated financial statements in Danish kroner. As a substantial portion of the 
Group's assets, liabilities, revenues and costs are denominated in currencies other than the Danish kroner, 
the Group is exposed to foreign currency fluctuations when translating the foreign currency denominated 
balances and transactions into the reporting currency of Danish Kroner. The Group's primary currency 
exposure relates to USD and EUR. The Group seeks to hedge the exposure against USD while the exposure 
against EUR is not hedged due to the fixed exchange-rate policy of the Danish kroner towards EUR. A 
material weakening of these currencies against Danish kroner may adversely affect the Group's business, 
results of operations, cash flows or financial condition. 
Legal and regulatory risks related to the Group's business 
The Group must comply with extensive national and international regulatory requirements, and if it 
is unable to comply with changes in or new regulatory requirements it could adversely affect its 
business and results 
Because of the Group's global operations it is subject to extensive national and international legislation and 
regulations. The Group is required to obtain and maintain various licenses and permits in several countries. 
Due to the low margins for transportation and logistics services, its results of operations are particularly 
sensitive to relatively small changes in law, rules or regulations requiring it to change operating practices 
or influencing the demand for and costs for providing services. 
Any failure to comply with applicable laws, rules and regulations may not only subject the Group to 
substantial fines, penalties, revocation of permits and licenses, criminal liability or lawsuits, but also force 
the Group to withdraw from certain countries. In addition, permits and licenses may be withdrawn or 
suspended without any particular reason. 
In addition, changes in law, rules or regulations could affect the economics of the Group's business by 
requiring changes in operating practices or influencing the demand for, and cost of providing, transport and 
logistics services. Future laws and regulations may be more stringent and require changes in operating 
practices, influence the demand for transport and logistics services or increase the cost of providing these 
services, any of which could adversely affect the Group's business and results. 
If the Group does not comply with relevant regulations in its transportation or storage of hazardous, 
explosive or illegal materials or are exposed to trade embargoes or sanctions, its reputation, business 
and results could be adversely affected 
The Group is subject to a broad range of environmental, workplace health and safety laws and regulations, 
including those governing the storage, handling, and disposal of solid and hazardous cargo and regulations 
regarding shipment of explosive or illegal substances. Furthermore, the Group is subject to export, transfer 
and import controls. For instance, it performs transport services to, from and via most regions in the world, 
and an increasing number of countries, organisations and persons are subject to international embargoes or 
sanctions, ordered by e.g. the UN, EU or USA, denying or restricting transports of specific types of cargo. 
If the Group fails to comply with such regulations, embargoes or sanctions, it could be subject to substantial

--- Page 22 ---
10249879381-v10 
- 22 - 
70-41048341 
 
fines, penalties, revocation of permits and licenses, criminal liability or lawsuits and may be banned from 
conducting its activities in certain countries or geographic areas. Under some countries' applicable laws and 
regulations, the Group has an obligation to exercise reasonable care to ensure that each of the Group's 
customers is in compliance with such laws and regulations, including laws and regulations requiring that 
the customer obtain appropriate licenses for shipments and accurately declare the contents of shipments. 
There is a risk that the Group fails to fulfil its obligations, which could lead to damage to its local or 
international reputation and liability to pay damages or fines. 
The Group's business is also affected by regulatory and legislative changes, such as security measures 
resulting from terrorist attacks or the implementation of trade embargoes, which can affect the economics 
of the global transportation services industry by requiring changes in its operating practices, or influencing 
the demand for or the costs of providing services to the Group's customers or its ability to satisfy customer 
demand. 
In addition, if a leakage of hazardous substances occurs at or from the Group's facilities, or while the 
substances are in the custody of a carrier it has mandated, it may be required to participate in the remedy 
or otherwise bear liability for such release. 
Any failure to comply with regulations on transportation, storage of hazardous, explosive or illegal 
materials and trade embargoes or sanctions and any regulatory changes causing the costs of services to 
increase, may adversely affect the Group's business and results of operations as well as its reputation. 
If the Group does not comply with environmental laws and regulations including, but not limited to, 
restrictions regarding pollution and greenhouse gas emissions, its reputation and business could be 
adversely affected 
Regulation concerning the environment and climate has increased and is expected to continue to do so not 
the least for the transport services industry. Environmental regulations can impose costs on the Group either 
directly if fees are levied or indirectly due to compliance costs and, as a result, could have an adverse effect 
on the Group's business, financial condition or results of operations, if it is not able to pass the costs on to 
its customers. 
In addition, failure of the Group to comply with increased environmental laws and regulations could result 
in significant damage to its reputation. 
The Group must comply with a multitude of customs regulations, and failure to comply with such 
could adversely affect its business and results 
Due to the nature of the services it renders, the Group must comply with a multitude of customs regulations. 
A failure to comply with any such regulations may not only lead to claims from the pertinent customs 
authorities and customers against the Group, but also prevent it from continuing to do customs clearance 
business in the country/countries in question. Any failure to comply with customs regulations may 
adversely affect the Group's business and results of operations. 
The Group is subject to competition laws, the violation of which could adversely affect its business and 
result in significant costs and liabilities 
The Group's operations are subject to competition laws and regulations. Any alleged violations of 
competition laws and regulations (including by local partners over whom it has no control) or the outcome 
of any legal or administrative proceedings brought against the Group could have a material adverse effect 
on its business and results. 
The Group is conducting its business in a large number of countries and is subject to a multitude of 
tax legislation, and it could therefore be exposed to claims from tax authorities that could result in 
significant costs and liabilities 
Because the Group conducts its business in a large number of countries, it is subject to a multitude of tax 
rules relating to income taxes, VAT, sales taxes, payroll taxes and other taxes. There is a risk that tax 
authorities in a country in which the Group does business will raise claims against the Group for failure to 
comply with applicable tax laws and any such failure to comply may adversely affect its business and 
results of operations.

--- Page 23 ---
10249879381-v10 
- 23 - 
70-41048341 
 
Litigation, regulatory proceedings and similar claims may adversely affect the Group's business and 
result in significant costs and liabilities 
From time to time, the Group is involved in lawsuits, regulatory proceedings and similar matters incidental 
to the ordinary operations of its business. Such matters can be lengthy, costly and disruptive to normal 
business operations. 
Freight forwarding and logistics operations involve exposure to a variety of risks. All the parties involved 
in those operations, from the shippers, forwarders, carriers, warehouse operators and others, to the 
recipients of the goods, may potentially incur damages or losses or become liable to other parties involved 
in those operations and to third parties in case of certain events, actions, errors or omissions. As a 
consequence, any such party may claim indemnification directly from the Group for any loss or damage 
suffered, including financial damages. In particular, damage to or loss of valuable cargo, as well as third-
party liabilities in cases of accidents (for instance those caused by the carriers or by the cargo shipped), 
may have large financial impacts on a scale that is not commensurate with the consideration that can be 
obtained for freight forwarding or logistics services or with the available insurance coverage. 
The Group generally seeks to limit by contract its liability towards customers for loss or damage to their 
goods and for late delivery. Customers often seek to increase or eliminate such limits, therefore loss or 
damage to customers' goods in transport and late delivery may lead to an increased exposure of the Group. 
In some, but not all cases, it purchases additional insurance in case of such increased liability. 
The Group has a captive insurance subsidiary, DSV Insurance, through which it self-insures certain 
identified risks and offers cargo insurance to customers. DSV Insurance takes out reinsurance directly with 
third-party reinsurers to cover its material risks. In addition, the Group takes out insurance directly with 
third-party insurers. Nevertheless, there can be no assurance that it will not incur losses beyond the limits 
or outside of its insurance coverage. 
Whilst the Group does not presently expect that current or anticipated claims or litigation involving the 
Group, individually or in the aggregate, will have a material adverse impact on its business or financial 
condition, the results of these proceedings cannot be predicted with any certainty and such proceedings 
could result in its obligation to pay the claimed amounts or fines and they may adversely affect its business, 
financial condition and results. 
Risks related to the financial position of the Group 
When preparing the consolidated financial statements of the Group, the Management makes various 
accounting estimates and judgements that affect the reported amounts of assets, liabilities, income, 
expenses, cash flow and related information at the reporting date 
Whilst the Group believes that the estimates, judgements and assumptions made by the Management are 
reasonable and made after careful consideration having taken historic data available to management into 
consideration, by their nature they are subjective and subject to uncertainty and there is a risk that the actual 
results may deviate from these estimates. Such estimates, judgements and assumptions may be inaccurate 
when made or may be rendered inaccurate by subsequent changes in circumstances, such as changes in the 
characteristics of the Group's offerings or particular transactions in response to customer demands, the 
decisions or performance of its counterparties, market developments, regulatory pressures and other factors. 
The significant accounting estimates and judgements relates to contract assets and accrued cost of services, 
provisions, acquisition and disposal of entities and tax, and are disclosed in the annual report for 2022, page 
50, which is incorporated by reference. 
These factors may make (i) the Group's financial reporting more complex and difficult for investors to 
understand; (ii) comparison of the results of operations to prior periods or other companies more difficult; 
and (iii) it more difficult to give accurate guidance, which could all increase the potential for reporting 
errors. 
If the Group's assumptions change or actual circumstances differ from those in its assumptions, or its 
assumptions, estimates or judgements prove to be incorrect, its business, results of operations and financial 
condition could be adversely affected.

--- Page 24 ---
10249879381-v10 
- 24 - 
70-41048341 
 
To continue its expansion the Group is dependent on its ability secure financing and enter leasing 
arrangements, and failure to secure these could adversely affect its business, financial condition, cash 
flows and results 
The Group must be able to secure financing to be able to continue and expand its operations through 
implementation of its growth strategy. Its ability to secure financing or enter into leasing arrangements 
depends on several factors, many of which are beyond its control, including general economic conditions, 
adverse effects in the debt or capital markets, the availability of funds from financial institutions and 
monetary policy in the markets in which it operates. 
In the event that a breach of any of the provisions of the Group's financing agreements triggers cross-
acceleration provisions in the Group's financing agreements, a substantial number of its lenders would have 
the right to cancel their commitments to provide financing to the Group and to require the amount of any 
outstanding indebtedness to be immediately repaid by the Group. In addition, an event of default would 
occur under credit facilities. In such circumstances, all of the Group's debt could be accelerated at the same 
time and, should the Group not be able to arrange adequate refinancing, it may not have the funds necessary 
to pay all of its debt, including amounts outstanding under credit facilities, when due. 
If the Group is unable to secure financing or enter into leasing arrangements on favourable terms, or at all, 
its growth opportunities would be limited and its business, financial condition, cash flow and result may be 
adversely affected. 
The Group is exposed to credit risk on its major customers, which could adversely affect its cash 
flows and results 
The Group's credit risks relate mainly to its major customers some of which from time to time have 
substantial amounts outstanding. The inability of customers to pay or significant time delays in receipt of 
payments from customers may materially and adversely affect its cash flow and results. 
Risks related to the Notes generally 
The Notes will constitute unsecured obligations of the Issuer 
The obligations under Notes issued under the Programme will be unsecured. Accordingly, any claims 
against the relevant Issuer, and if applicable, the Guarantor, under the Notes would be unsecured claims. 
The Issuer's, and if applicable, the Guarantor's, ability to pay such claims will depend upon, among other 
factors, its liquidity, overall financial strength and ability to generate cash flows, which could be affected 
by (inter alia) the circumstances described in these risk factors. Any such factors could affect the Issuer's 
and, if applicable, the Guarantor's ability to make payment of interest and principal under the Notes. 
There is no active trading market for the Notes 
Notes issued under the Programme will be new securities which may not be widely distributed and for 
which there is currently no active trading market (unless in the case of any particular Tranche, such Tranche 
is to be consolidated with and form a single series with a Tranche of Notes which is already issued). If the 
Notes are traded after their initial issuance, they may trade at a discount to their initial offering price, 
depending upon prevailing interest rates, the market for similar securities, general economic conditions and 
the financial condition of the Group. Although applications have been made for the Notes issued under the 
Programme to be admitted to the Official List of Euronext Dublin and to trading on the Regulated Market 
of Euronext Dublin, there is no assurance that such applications will be accepted, that any particular 
Tranche of Notes will be so admitted or that an active trading market will develop. Accordingly, there is 
no assurance as to the development or liquidity of any trading market for any particular Tranche of Notes. 
The Notes may be redeemed prior to maturity 
In the event that the relevant Issuer would be obliged to increase the amounts payable in respect of any 
Notes due to any withholding or deduction for or on account of, any present or future taxes, duties, 
assessments or governmental charges of whatever nature imposed, levied, collected, withheld or assessed 
by or on behalf of a Relevant Jurisdiction, or any political subdivision thereof or any authority therein or 
thereof having power to tax, the relevant Issuer may redeem all outstanding Notes in accordance with the 
Conditions.

--- Page 25 ---
10249879381-v10 
- 25 - 
70-41048341 
 
In addition, if in the case of any particular Tranche of Notes the relevant Final Terms specify that  the 
Special Redemption Event (Issuer Call) is applicable, the relevant Issuer will (on either an optional or 
mandatory basis, as specified in the applicable Final Terms) upon the occurrence of a Special Redemption 
Event (namely that the Group: (i) has not completed and closed the acquisition of the Acquisition Target 
by the Special Redemption Longstop Date; or (ii) has published an announcement that it no longer intends 
to pursue the acquisition of the Acquisition Target) redeem the Notes, as further described in the Condition 
9(e) (Redemption upon the occurrence of a Special Redemption Event (Issuer Call)) and the applicable 
Final Terms. 
In addition, if in the case of any particular Tranche of Notes the relevant Final Terms specify that the Notes 
are redeemable at the relevant Issuer's option in certain other circumstances the relevant Issuer may choose 
to redeem the Notes at times when prevailing interest rates may be relatively low. In such circumstances an 
investor may not be able to reinvest the redemption proceeds in a comparable security at an effective interest 
rate as high as that of the relevant Notes. 
An optional redemption feature, in particular an optional redemption feature associated with an acquisition 
(such as the Special Event Redemption described in Condition 9(e) (Redemption upon the occurrence of a 
Special Redemption Event (Issuer Call)) is likely to limit the market value of Notes. During any period 
when the relevant Issuer may elect to redeem Notes, the market value of those Notes generally will not rise 
substantially above the price at which they can be redeemed. This also may be true prior to any redemption 
period. 
Exercise of an applicable Change of Control Put Option may affect the liquidity of Notes in respect of 
which such option is not exercised. Depending on the number of Notes in respect of which the Change of 
Control Put Option is exercised, any trading market for the Notes in respect of which such Change of 
Control Put Option is not exercised may become illiquid. In addition, investors may only be able to reinvest 
the moneys they receive upon such early redemption in securities with a lower yield than the redeemed 
Notes. 
Modification, waivers and substitution 
The Conditions contain provisions for calling meetings of Noteholders to consider matters affecting their 
interests generally. These provisions permit defined majorities to bind all Noteholders including 
Noteholders who did not attend and vote at the relevant meeting and Noteholders who voted in a manner 
contrary to the majority. 
Notes with integral multiples 
In relation to any issue of Notes which have a denomination consisting of the minimum Specified 
Denomination plus a higher integral multiple of another smaller amount, it is possible that the Notes may 
be traded in amounts in excess of the Specified Denomination that are not integral multiples of the Specified 
Denomination. Noteholders who, as a result of trading such amounts, hold a principal amount of Notes 
other than a multiple of the minimum Specified Denomination will receive definitive Notes in respect of 
their holding (provided that the aggregate amount of Notes they hold is in excess of the minimum Specified 
Denomination), however, any such definitive Notes which are printed in denominations other than the 
minimum Specified Denomination may be illiquid and difficult to trade. Furthermore, a Noteholder who, 
as a result of trading such amounts, holds a principal amount of less than the minimum Specified 
Denomination may not receive a definitive Note in respect of such holding (should definitive Notes be 
printed) and would need to purchase a principal amount of Notes such that its holding amounts to a 
Specified Denomination. 
Fixed/Floating Rate Notes 
Fixed/Floating Rate Notes may bear interest at a rate that the relevant Issuer may elect to convert from a 
fixed rate to a floating rate, or from a floating rate to a fixed rate. The relevant Issuer's ability to convert the 
interest rate will affect the secondary market and the market value of such Notes since the relevant Issuer 
may be expected to convert the rate when it is likely to produce a lower overall cost of borrowing. If the 
relevant Issuer converts from a fixed rate to a floating rate, the spread on the Fixed/Floating Rate Notes 
may be less favourable than then prevailing spreads on comparable Floating Rate Notes tied to the same 
reference rate. In addition, the new floating rate at any time may be lower than the rates on other Notes. If

--- Page 26 ---
10249879381-v10 
- 26 - 
70-41048341 
 
the relevant Issuer converts from a floating rate to a fixed rate, the fixed rate may be lower than then 
prevailing rates on its Notes. 
Certain benchmark rates, including EURIBOR, may be discontinued or reformed in the future 
The Euro Interbank Offered Rate ("EURIBOR") and other interest rate or other types of rates and indices 
which are deemed to be benchmarks are the subject of ongoing national and international regulatory 
discussions and proposals for reform. Some of these reforms are already effective whilst others are still to 
be implemented. 
The EU Benchmark Regulation applies, subject to certain transitional provisions, to the provision of 
benchmarks, the contribution of input data to a benchmark and the use of a benchmark, within the EU. The 
EU Benchmark Regulation could have a material impact on any Notes linked to EURIBOR or another 
benchmark rate or index, in particular, if the methodology or other terms of the benchmark are changed in 
order to comply with the terms of the EU Benchmark Regulation, and such changes could (amongst other 
things) have the effect of reducing or increasing the rate or level, or affecting the volatility of the published 
rate or level, of the benchmark. More broadly, any of the international, national or other proposals for 
reform, or the general increased regulatory scrutiny of benchmarks, could increase the costs and risks of 
administering or otherwise participating in the setting of a benchmark and complying with any such 
regulations or requirements. Such factors may have the effect of discouraging market participants from 
continuing to administer or contribute to certain "benchmarks", trigger changes in the rules or 
methodologies used in certain "benchmarks" or lead to the discontinuance or unavailability of quotes of 
certain "benchmarks". 
An example of such benchmarks reforms, on 21 September 2017, the European Central Bank announced 
that it would be part of a new working group tasked with the identification and adoption of a "risk free 
overnight rate" which can serve as a basis for an alternative to current benchmarks used in a variety of 
financial instruments and contracts in the euro area. On 13 September 2018, the working group on Euro 
risk-free rates recommended the new Euro short-term rate ("€STR") as the new risk-free rate for the euro 
area. The €STR was published for the first time on 2 October 2019. Although EURIBOR has subsequently 
been reformed in order to comply with the terms of the EU Benchmark Regulation, it remains uncertain as 
to how long it will continue in its current form, or whether it will be further reformed or replaced with €STR 
or an alternative benchmark. 
The elimination of any other benchmark, or changes in the manner of administration of any benchmark, 
could require or result in an adjustment to the interest calculation provisions of the Conditions (as further 
described in Condition 7(i) (Benchmark Discontinuation)), or result in adverse consequences to holders of 
any Notes linked to such benchmark (including Floating Rate Notes whose interest rates are linked to 
EURIBOR or any other such benchmark that is subject to reform). Furthermore, even prior to the 
implementation of any changes, uncertainty as to the nature of alternative reference rates and as to potential 
changes to such benchmark may adversely affect such benchmark during the term of the relevant Notes, 
the return on the relevant Notes and the trading market for securities (including the Notes) based on the 
same benchmark. 
The "Terms and Conditions of the Notes" provide for certain fallback arrangements in the event that a 
published benchmark, such as EURIBOR (including any page on which such benchmark may be published 
(or any other successor service)) becomes unavailable  or a Benchmark Event or a Benchmark Transition 
Event (each as defined in the Conditions), as applicable, otherwise occurs.  Such an event may be deemed 
to have occurred prior to the issue date for a Series of Notes.  Such fallback arrangements including the 
possibility that the rate of interest could be set by reference to a successor rate or an alternative rate and 
that such successor rate or alternative rate may be adjusted (if required) in accordance with the 
recommendation of a relevant governmental body or in order to reduce or eliminate, to the extent reasonably 
practicable in the circumstances, any economic prejudice or benefit (as applicable) to investors arising out 
of the replacement of the relevant benchmark, although the application of such adjustments to the Notes 
may not achieve this objective. Any such changes may result in the Notes performing differently (which 
may include payment of a lower interest rate) than if the original benchmark continued to apply. In certain 
circumstances the ultimate fallback of interest for a particular Interest Period may result in the rate of 
interest for the last preceding Interest Period being used. 
This may result in the effective application of a fixed rate for Floating Rate Notes based on the rate which 
was last observed on the Relevant Screen Page. In addition, due to the uncertainty concerning the

--- Page 27 ---
10249879381-v10 
- 27 - 
70-41048341 
 
availability of successor rates and alternative reference rates and the involvement of an Independent Adviser 
(as defined in the Conditions) in certain circumstances, the relevant fallback provisions may not operate as 
intended at the relevant time. 
Any such consequences could have a material adverse effect on the value of and return on any such Notes. 
Investors should consult their own independent advisers and make their own assessment about the potential 
risks arising from the possible cessation or reform of certain reference rates in making any investment 
decision with respect to any Notes linked to or referencing a benchmark. 
The market continues to develop in relation to risk-free rates (including overnight rates) as reference 
rates for Floating Rate Notes 
The use of risk-free rates - including those such as the Sterling Overnight Index Average ("SONIA"), the 
Secured Overnight Financing Rate ("SOFR"), as reference rates for Eurobonds continues to develop.  This 
relates not only to the substance of the calculation and the development and adoption of market 
infrastructure for the issuance and trading of bonds referencing such rates, but also how widely such rates 
and methodologies might be adopted. 
The market or a significant part thereof may adopt an application of risk-free rates that differs significantly 
from that set out in the Conditions and used in relation to Notes that reference risk-free rates issued under 
this Programme.  The Issuer may in the future also issue Notes referencing SONIA or SOFR that differ 
materially in terms of interest determination when compared with any previous Notes issued by it under 
this Programme.  The development of risk-free rates for the Eurobond markets could result in reduced 
liquidity or increased volatility, or could otherwise affect the market price of any Notes that reference a 
risk-free rate issued under this Programme from time to time. 
In addition, the manner of adoption or application of risk-free rates in the Eurobond markets may differ 
materially compared with the application and adoption of risk-free rates in other markets, such as the 
derivatives and loan markets.  Investors should carefully consider how any mismatch between the adoption 
of such reference rates in the bond, loan and derivatives markets may impact any hedging or other financial 
arrangements which they may put in place in connection with any acquisition, holding or disposal of Notes 
referencing such risk-free rates. 
In particular, investors should be aware that several different methodologies have been used in risk-free 
rate notes issued to date.  No assurance can be given that any particular methodology, including the 
compounding formula in the terms and conditions of the Notes, will gain widespread market acceptance.  
In addition, market participants and relevant working groups are still exploring alternative reference rates 
based on risk-free rates, including various ways to produce term versions of certain risk-free rates (which 
seek to measure the market's forward expectation of an average of these reference rates over a designated 
term, as they are overnight rates) or different measures of such risk-free rates.  If the relevant risk-free rates 
do not prove to be widely used in securities like the Notes, the trading price of such Notes linked to such 
risk-free rates may be lower than those of Notes referencing indices that are more widely used. 
Investors should consider these matters when making their investment decision with respect to any Notes 
which reference SONIA, SOFR or any related indices. 
Risk-free rates may differ from LIBOR and other inter-bank offered rates in a number of material 
respects and have a limited history 
Risk-free rates may differ from The London Interbank Offered Rate ("LIBOR") and other inter-bank 
offered rates in a number of material respects.  These include (without limitation) being backwards-looking, 
in most cases, calculated on a compounded or weighted average basis, risk-free, overnight rates and, in the 
case of SOFR, secured, whereas such interbank offered rates are generally expressed on the basis of a 
forward-looking term, are unsecured and include a risk-element based on interbank lending.  As such, 
investors should be aware that risk-free rates may behave materially differently to interbank offered rates 
as interest reference rates for the Notes.  Furthermore, SOFR is a secured rate that represents overnight 
secured funding transactions, and therefore will perform differently over time to an unsecured rate.  For 
example, since publication of SOFR began on 3 April 2018, daily changes in SOFR have, on occasion, 
been more volatile than daily changes in comparable benchmarks or other market rates.

--- Page 28 ---
10249879381-v10 
- 28 - 
70-41048341 
 
Risk-free rates offered as alternatives to interbank offered rates also have a limited history.  For that reason, 
future performance of such rates may be difficult to predict based on their limited historical performance.  
The level of such rates during the term of the Notes may bear little or no relation to historical levels.  Prior 
observed patterns, if any, in the behaviour of market variables and their relation to such rates such as 
correlations, may change in the future.  Investors should not rely on historical performance data as an 
indicator of the future performance of such risk-free rates nor should they rely on any hypothetical data. 
Furthermore, interest on Notes which reference a backwards-looking risk-free rate is only capable of being 
determined immediately prior to the relevant Interest Payment Date.  It may be difficult for investors in 
Notes which reference such risk-free rates reliably to estimate the amount of interest which will be payable 
on such Notes, and some investors may be unable or unwilling to trade such Notes without changes to their 
IT systems, both of which could adversely impact the liquidity of such Notes.  Further, in contrast to Notes 
linked to interbank offered rates, if Notes referencing backwards-looking rates become due and payable as 
a result of an Event of Default under Condition 13 (Events of Default), or are otherwise redeemed early on 
a date which is not an Interest Payment Date, the final Rate of Interest Rate payable in respect of such Notes 
shall be determined by reference to a shortened period ending immediately prior to the date on which the 
Notes become due and payable or are scheduled for redemption. 
The administrator of SONIA or SOFR or any related indices may make changes that could change 
the value of SONIA or SOFR or any related index, or discontinue SONIA or SOFR or any related 
index 
The Bank of England or the Federal Reserve, Bank of New York (or their successors) as administrators of 
SONIA and SOFR, respectively, may make methodological or other changes that could change the value 
of these risk-free rates and/or indices, including changes related to the method by which such risk-free rate 
is calculated, eligibility criteria applicable to the transactions used to calculate SONIA or SOFR, or timing 
related to the publication of SONIA or SOFR or any related indices. In addition, the administrator may 
alter, discontinue or suspend calculation or dissemination of SONIA or SOFR or any related index (in 
which case a fallback method of determining the interest rate on the Notes will apply).  The administrator 
has no obligation to consider the interests of Noteholders when calculating, adjusting, converting, revising 
or discontinuing any such risk-free rate.  
Risks related to the market generally 
The secondary market 
Notes may have no established trading market when issued, and one may never develop (for example, Notes 
may be allocated to a limited pool of investors). If a market does develop, it may not be liquid. Therefore, 
investors may not be able to sell their Notes easily or at prices that will provide them with a yield 
comparable with similar investments that have a developed secondary market. This is particularly the case 
for Notes that are especially sensitive to interest rate, currency or market risks, are designed for specific 
investment objectives or strategies or have been structured to meet the investment requirements of limited 
categories of investors. These types of Notes generally would have a more limited secondary market and 
more price volatility than conventional debt securities. Illiquidity may have a severely adverse effect on the 
market value of Notes. 
Interest rate risks 
Investment in fixed rate Notes involves the risk that subsequent changes in market interest rates may 
adversely affect the value of fixed rate Notes. 
If an investor holds Notes which are not denominated in the investor's home currency, he will be 
exposed to movements in exchange rates adversely affecting the value of his holding. In addition, the 
imposition of exchange controls in relation to any Notes could result in an investor not receiving 
payments on those Notes 
The relevant Issuer will pay principal and interest on the Notes, and the Guarantor (if applicable) will make 
any payments under the Guarantee, in the Specified Currency. This presents certain risks relating to 
currency conversions if an investor's financial activities are denominated principally in a currency or 
currency unit (the "Investor's Currency") other than the Specified Currency. These include the risk that 
exchange rates may significantly change (including changes due to devaluation of the Specified Currency

--- Page 29 ---
10249879381-v10 
- 29 - 
70-41048341 
 
or revaluation of the Investor's Currency) and the risk that authorities with jurisdiction over the Investor's 
Currency may impose or modify exchange controls. An appreciation in the value of the Investor's Currency 
relative to the Specified Currency would decrease (1) the Investor's Currency-equivalent yield on the Notes, 
(2) the Investor's Currency-equivalent value of the principal payable on the Notes and (3) the Investor's 
Currency-equivalent market value of the Notes. 
Government and monetary authorities may impose (as some have done in the past) exchange controls that 
could adversely affect an applicable exchange rate or the ability of the relevant Issuer to make payments in 
respect of the Notes or the Guarantor (if applicable) to make any payments under the Guarantee. As a result, 
investors may receive less interest or principal than expected, or no interest or principal. 
Credit ratings may not reflect all risks and may affect the trading price of the Notes 
Tranches of Notes that may be issued under the Programme may be rated or unrated. Where a Tranche of 
Notes issued under the Programme is rated, the applicable rating(s) will be specified in the relevant Final 
Terms. Such rating will not necessarily be the same as the rating(s) assigned to the Programme, the relevant 
Issuer or to Notes already issued. One or more independent credit rating agencies may also assign credit 
ratings to the Notes. 
Such ratings may not reflect the potential impact of all risks discussed above, and other factors that may 
affect the value of any Tranche of Notes. In addition, any negative change in the credit ratings of the relevant 
Issuer could adversely affect the trading price of the Notes. A credit rating is not a recommendation to buy, 
sell or hold securities and may be revised, suspended or withdrawn by the relevant rating agency at any 
time. 
DSV Finance B.V. currently maintains its place of effective management in Denmark. If it did not, as a 
Dutch B.V. both Denmark and the Netherlands could seek to assert taxing rights over DSV Finance B.V. 
potentially leading to double taxation. 
DSV Finance B.V. is expected to be tax resident in Denmark by virtue of place of management, and if so, 
subject to Danish corporate income tax. Where the place of management is located is largely a question of 
fact based on all the circumstances, rather than a question of law. Nevertheless, DSV Finance B.V., a group 
finance company, is likely to be regarded as having become Danish tax resident and remaining so if the 
board of directors carries out the day to day management fully from within Denmark and all board meetings 
are held in Denmark with the board members not being physically present elsewhere. 
Since DSV Finance B.V. is incorporated in the Netherlands, it is also resident in the Netherlands  for certain 
Dutch tax purposes including Dutch withholding tax purposes (see also the section under the heading "The 
Netherlands taxation"). However, with regards to the taxation of the income and gains of DSV Finance B.V. 
itself, provided its place of  effective management is located in Denmark, under the Netherlands – Denmark 
tax treaty DSV Finance B.V. should be treated as resident solely in Denmark. If this were not the case both 
the Danish and  Dutch tax authorities could seek to assert taxing rights over DSV Finance B.V.'s income 
and gains potentially leading to double taxation.

--- Page 30 ---
10249879381-v10 
- 30 - 
70-41048341 
 
INFORMATION INCORPORATED BY REFERENCE 
The following information shall be deemed to be incorporated in, and to form part of, this Base Prospectus: 
1. 
the audited consolidated financial statements (including the auditors' report thereon and notes 
thereto) of DSV A/S in respect of the year ended 31 December 2022 (set out on pages 44 to 94 of 
the 2022 annual report of DSV A/S); 
2. 
the audited consolidated financial statements (including the auditors' report thereon and notes 
thereto) of DSV A/S in respect of the year ended 31 December 2021 (set out on pages 45 to 98 of 
the 2021 annual report of DSV A/S); 
3. 
the audited financial statements (including the auditors' report thereon and notes thereto) of DSV 
Finance B.V. in respect of the year ended 31 December 2021 (set out on pages 11 to 40 of the 2021 
annual report of DSV Finance B.V.);  
4. 
the Terms and Conditions of the Notes contained in the previous Base Prospectus dated 15 
February 2022 at pages 38 - 78 (inclusive) prepared by DSV A/S in connection with the Programme; 
and  
5. 
the Terms and Conditions of the Notes contained in the previous Base Prospectus dated 17 
February 2021 at pages 39 - 74 (inclusive) prepared by DSV A/S in connection with the Programme.  
Copies of the documents specified above as containing information incorporated by reference in this Base 
Prospectus may be inspected, free of charge, at DSV A/S, Hovedgaden 630, 2640 Hedehusene, Denmark 
and at https://investor.dsv.com/download-library. Any information contained in or incorporated by 
reference in any of the documents specified above which is not incorporated by reference in this Base 
Prospectus is either not relevant to investors or is covered elsewhere in this Base Prospectus and, for the 
avoidance of doubt, unless specifically incorporated by reference into this base prospectus, information 
contained on the website does not form part of this Base Prospectus. Unless specifically incorporated by 
reference into this Base Prospectus, information contained on the website does not form part of this Base 
Prospectus. 
Supplements 
Following the publication of this Base Prospectus a supplement may be prepared by each Issuer and the 
Guarantor and approved by the Central Bank in accordance with Article 23 of the EU Prospectus Regulation.  
Statements contained in any such supplement (or contained in any document incorporated by reference 
therein) shall, to the extent applicable (whether expressly, by implication or otherwise), be deemed to 
supersede statements contained in this Base Prospectus (or any earlier supplement) or in a document which 
is incorporated by reference in this Base Prospectus.  
Each Issuer and the Guarantor will, in the event of any significant new factor, material mistake or material 
inaccuracy relating to information included in this Base Prospectus which is capable of affecting the 
assessment of any Notes, prepare a supplement to this Base Prospectus or publish a new Base Prospectus 
for use in connection with any subsequent issue of Notes.

--- Page 31 ---
10249879381-v10 
- 31 - 
70-41048341 
 
FINAL TERMS AND DRAWDOWN PROSPECTUSES 
In this section the expression "necessary information" means, in relation to any Tranche of Notes, the 
necessary information which is material to an investor for making an informed assessment of the assets and 
liabilities, financial position, profits and losses and prospects of the Issuers and the Guarantor, of the rights 
attaching to the Notes and the reasons for the issuance and its impact on the relevant Issuer.  In relation to 
the different types of Notes which may be issued under the Programme the Issuers and the Guarantor have 
included in this Base Prospectus all of the necessary information except for information relating to the 
Notes which is not known at the date of this Base Prospectus and which can only be determined at the time 
of an individual issue of a Tranche of Notes.   
Any information relating to the Notes which is not included in this Base Prospectus and which is required 
in order to complete the necessary information in relation to a Tranche of Notes will be contained either in 
the relevant Final Terms or in a Drawdown Prospectus.   
For a Tranche of Notes which is the subject of Final Terms, those Final Terms will, for the purposes of that 
Tranche only, complete this Base Prospectus and must be read in conjunction with this Base Prospectus.  
The terms and conditions applicable to any particular Tranche of Notes which is the subject of Final Terms 
are the Conditions described in the relevant Final Terms as completed by the relevant Final Terms.   
The terms and conditions applicable to any particular Tranche of Notes which is the subject of a Drawdown 
Prospectus will be the Conditions as supplemented, amended and/or replaced to the extent described in the 
relevant Drawdown Prospectus.  In the case of a Tranche of Notes which is the subject of a Drawdown 
Prospectus, each reference in this Base Prospectus to information being specified or identified in the 
relevant Final Terms shall be read and construed as a reference to such information being specified or 
identified in the relevant Drawdown Prospectus unless the context requires otherwise.   
Each Drawdown Prospectus will be constituted by (1) a single document containing the necessary 
information relating to the relevant Issuer and, if applicable, the Guarantor and the relevant Notes or (2) by 
a registration document (the "Registration Document") containing the necessary information relating to 
the relevant Issuer and the Guarantor, if applicable, a securities note (the "Securities Note") containing the 
necessary information relating to the relevant Notes and, if necessary, a summary note.

--- Page 32 ---
10249879381-v10 
- 32 - 
70-41048341 
 
FORMS OF THE NOTES 
Bearer Notes 
Each Tranche of Notes in bearer form ("Bearer Notes") will initially be in the form of either a temporary 
global note in bearer form (the "Temporary Global Note"), without interest coupons, or a permanent 
global note in bearer form (the "Permanent Global Note"), without interest coupons, in each case as 
specified in the relevant Final Terms.  Each Temporary Global Note or, as the case may be, Permanent 
Global Note (each a "Global Note") which is not intended to be issued in new global note ("NGN") form, 
as specified in the relevant Final Terms, will be deposited on or around the issue date of the relevant Tranche 
of the Notes with a depositary or a common depositary for Euroclear Bank SA/NV ("Euroclear") and/or 
Clearstream Banking S.A. ("Clearstream, Luxembourg") and/or any other relevant clearing system and 
each Global Note which is intended to be issued in NGN form, as specified in the relevant Final Terms, 
will be deposited on or around the issue date of the relevant Tranche of the Notes with a common safekeeper 
for Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg. 
On 13 June 2006 the European Central Bank (the "ECB") announced that Notes in NGN form are in 
compliance with the "Standards for the use of EU securities settlement systems in ESCB credit operations" 
of the central banking system for the euro (the "Eurosystem"), provided that certain other criteria are 
fulfilled. At the same time the ECB also announced that arrangements for Notes in NGN form will be 
offered by Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg as of 30 June 2006 and that debt securities in global 
bearer form issued through Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg after 31 December 2006 will only be 
eligible as collateral for Eurosystem operations if the NGN form is used. 
The relevant Final Terms will indicate whether such Bearer Notes are intended to be held in a manner which 
would allow Eurosystem eligibility. Any indication that the Bearer Notes are to be so held does not 
necessarily mean that the Bearer Notes of the relevant Tranche will be recognised as eligible collateral for 
Eurosystem monetary policy and intra-day credit operations by the Eurosystem either upon issue or at any 
times during their life as such recognition depends upon satisfaction of the Eurosysem eligibility criteria. 
In the case of each Tranche of Bearer Notes, the relevant Final Terms will also specify whether United 
States Treasury Regulation §1.163-5(c)(2)(i)(C) (the "TEFRA C Rules") or United States Treasury 
Regulation §1.163-5(c)(2)(i)(D) (the "TEFRA D Rules") are applicable in relation to the Notes or, if the 
Notes do not have a maturity of more than 365 days, that neither the TEFRA C Rules nor the TEFRA D 
Rules are applicable. 
Temporary Global Note exchangeable for Permanent Global Note 
If the relevant Final Terms specifies the form of Notes as being "Temporary Global Note exchangeable for 
a Permanent Global Note", then the Notes will initially be in the form of a Temporary Global Note which 
will be exchangeable, in whole or in part, for interests in a Permanent Global Note, without interest coupons, 
not earlier than 40 days after the issue date of the relevant Tranche of the Notes upon certification as to 
non-U.S. beneficial ownership. No payments will be made under the Temporary Global Note unless 
exchange for interests in the Permanent Global Note is improperly withheld or refused.  In addition, interest 
payments in respect of the Notes cannot be collected without such certification of non-U.S. beneficial 
ownership. 
Whenever any interest in the Temporary Global Note is to be exchanged for an interest in a Permanent 
Global Note, the relevant Issuer shall procure (in the case of first exchange) the delivery of a Permanent 
Global Note, duly authenticated and, in the case of a NGN, effectuated, to the bearer of the Temporary 
Global Note or (in the case of any subsequent exchange) an increase in the principal amount of the 
Permanent Global Note in accordance with its terms against: 
(i) 
presentation and (in the case of final exchange) presentation and surrender of the Temporary Global 
Note to or to the order of the Fiscal Agent; and 
(ii) 
receipt by the Fiscal Agent of a certificate or certificates of non-U.S. beneficial ownership. 
The principal amount of Notes represented by the Permanent Global Note shall be equal to the aggregate 
of the principal amounts specified in the certificates of non-U.S. beneficial ownership provided, however, 
that in no circumstances shall the principal amount of Notes represented by the Permanent Global Note 
exceed the initial principal amount of Notes represented by the Temporary Global Note.

--- Page 33 ---
10249879381-v10 
- 33 - 
70-41048341 
 
If: 
(a) 
the Permanent Global Note has not been delivered or the principal amount thereof increased by 
5.00 p.m. (London time) on the seventh day after the bearer of the Temporary Global Note has 
requested exchange of an interest in the Temporary Global Note for an interest in a Permanent 
Global Note; or 
(b) 
the Temporary Global Note (or any part thereof) has become due and payable in accordance with 
the Terms and Conditions of the Notes or the date for final redemption of the Temporary Global 
Note has occurred and, in either case, payment in full of the amount of principal falling due with 
all accrued interest thereon has not been made to the bearer of the Temporary Global Note in 
accordance with the terms of the Temporary Global Note on the due date for payment, 
then the Temporary Global Note (including the obligation to deliver a Permanent Global Note) will become 
void at 5.00 p.m. (London time) on such seventh day (in the case of paragraph (a) above) or at 5.00 p.m. 
(London time) on such due date (in the case of paragraph (b) above) and the bearer of the Temporary Global 
Note will have no further rights thereunder (but without prejudice to the rights which the bearer of the 
Temporary Global Note or others may have under the Deed of Covenant).   
The Permanent Global Note will become exchangeable, in whole but not in part only and at the request of 
the bearer of the Permanent Global Note, for Bearer Notes in definitive form ("Definitive Notes"): 
(a) 
on the expiry of such period of notice as may be specified in the Final Terms; or 
(b) 
at any time, if so specified in the Final Terms; or 
(c) 
if the Final Terms specifies "in the limited circumstances described in the Permanent Global Note", 
then if either of the following events occurs: 
(i) 
Euroclear or Clearstream, Luxembourg or any other relevant clearing system is closed for 
business for a continuous period of 14 days (other than by reason of legal holidays) or 
announces an intention permanently to cease business; or 
(ii) 
an Event of Default as defined in Condition 13 (Events of Default) occurs and the Notes 
become due and payable. 
Whenever the Permanent Global Note is to be exchanged for Definitive Notes, the relevant Issuer shall 
procure the prompt delivery (free of charge to the bearer) of such Definitive Notes, duly authenticated and 
with Coupons and Talons attached (if so specified in the Final Terms), in an aggregate principal amount 
equal to the principal amount of Notes represented by the Permanent Global Note to the bearer of the 
Permanent Global Note against the surrender of the Permanent Global Note to or to the order of the Fiscal 
Agent within 30 days of the bearer requesting such exchange. 
If: 
(a) 
Definitive Notes have not been duly delivered by 5.00 p.m. (London time) on the thirtieth day after 
the bearer has requested exchange of the Permanent Global Note for Definitive Notes; or 
(b) 
the Permanent Global Note was originally issued in exchange for part only of a Temporary Global 
Note representing the Notes and such Temporary Global Note becomes void in accordance with 
its terms; or 
(c) 
the Permanent Global Note (or any part thereof) has become due and payable in accordance with 
the Terms and Conditions of the Notes or the date for final redemption of the Permanent Global 
Note has occurred and, in either case, payment in full of the amount of principal falling due with 
all accrued interest thereon has not been made to the bearer in accordance with the terms of the 
Permanent Global Note on the due date for payment, 
then the Permanent Global Note (including the obligation to deliver Definitive Notes) will become void at 
5.00 p.m. (London time) on such thirtieth day (in the case of paragraph (a) above) or at 5.00 p.m. (London 
time) on the date on which such Temporary Global Note becomes void (in the case of paragraph (b) above) 
or at 5.00 p.m. (London time) on such due date (paragraph (c) above) and the bearer of the Permanent

--- Page 34 ---
10249879381-v10 
- 34 - 
70-41048341 
 
Global Note will have no further rights thereunder (but without prejudice to the rights which the bearer of 
the Permanent Global Note or others may have under the Deed of Covenant). 
Temporary Global Note exchangeable for Definitive Notes 
If the relevant Final Terms specifies the form of Notes as being "Temporary Global Note exchangeable for 
Definitive Notes" and also specifies that the TEFRA C Rules are applicable or that neither the TEFRA C 
Rules or the TEFRA D Rules are applicable, then the Notes will initially be in the form of a Temporary 
Global Note which will be exchangeable, in whole but not in part, for Definitive Notes not earlier than 40 
days after the issue date of the relevant Tranche of the Notes. 
If the relevant Final Terms specifies the form of Notes as being "Temporary Global Note exchangeable for 
Definitive Notes" and also specifies that the TEFRA D Rules are applicable, then the Notes will initially 
be in the form of a Temporary Global Note which will be exchangeable, in whole or in part, for Definitive 
Notes not earlier than 40 days after the issue date of the relevant Tranche of the Notes upon certification as 
to non-U.S. beneficial ownership. Interest payments in respect of the Notes cannot be collected without 
such certification of non-U.S. beneficial ownership. 
Whenever the Temporary Global Note is to be exchanged for Definitive Notes, the relevant Issuer shall 
procure the prompt delivery (free of charge to the bearer) of such Definitive Notes, duly authenticated and 
with Coupons and Talons attached (if so specified in the relevant Final Terms), in an aggregate principal 
amount equal to the principal amount of the Temporary Global Note to the bearer of the Temporary Global 
Note against the surrender of the Temporary Global Note to or to the order of the Fiscal Agent within 30 
days of the bearer requesting such exchange.   
If: 
(a) 
Definitive Notes have not been duly delivered by 5.00 p.m. (London time) on the thirtieth day after 
the bearer has requested exchange of the Temporary Global Note for Definitive Notes; or 
(b) 
the Temporary Global Note (or any part thereof) has become due and payable in accordance with 
the Terms and Conditions of the Notes or the date for final redemption of the Temporary Global 
Note has occurred and, in either case, payment in full of the amount of principal falling due with 
all accrued interest thereon has not been made to the bearer in accordance with the terms of the 
Temporary Global Note on the due date for payment, 
then the Temporary Global Note (including the obligation to deliver Definitive Notes) will become void at 
5.00 p.m. (London time) on such thirtieth day (in the case of paragraph (a) above) or at 5.00 p.m. (London 
time) on such due date (in the case of paragraph (b) above) and the bearer of the Temporary Global Note 
will have no further rights thereunder (but without prejudice to the rights which the bearer of the Temporary 
Global Note or others may have under the Deed of Covenant).  
Permanent Global Note exchangeable for Definitive Notes 
If the relevant Final Terms specifies the form of Notes as being "Permanent Global Note exchangeable for 
Definitive Notes", then the Notes will initially be in the form of a Permanent Global Note which will be 
exchangeable in whole, but not in part, for Definitive Notes: 
(a) 
on the expiry of such period of notice as may be specified in the relevant Final Terms; or 
(b) 
at any time, if so specified in the relevant Final Terms; or 
(c) 
if the relevant Final Terms specifies "in the limited circumstances described in the Permanent 
Global Note", then if either of the following events occurs: 
(i) 
Euroclear or Clearstream, Luxembourg or any other relevant clearing system is closed for 
business for a continuous period of 14 days (other than by reason of legal holidays) or 
announces an intention permanently to cease business; or  
(ii) 
an Event of Default as defined in Condition 13 (Events of Default) occurs and the Notes 
become due and payable.

--- Page 35 ---
10249879381-v10 
- 35 - 
70-41048341 
 
Whenever the Permanent Global Note is to be exchanged for Definitive Notes, the relevant Issuer shall 
procure the prompt delivery (free of charge to the bearer) of such Definitive Notes, duly authenticated and 
with Coupons and Talons attached (if so specified in the Final Terms), in an aggregate principal amount 
equal to the principal amount of Notes represented by the Permanent Global Note to the bearer of the 
Permanent Global Note against the surrender of the Permanent Global Note to or to the order of the Fiscal 
Agent within 30 days of the bearer requesting such exchange. 
If: 
(a) 
Definitive Notes have not been duly delivered by 5.00 p.m. (London time) on the thirtieth day after 
the bearer has requested exchange of the Permanent Global Note for Definitive Notes; or 
(b) 
the Permanent Global Note (or any part thereof) has become due and payable in accordance with 
the Terms and Conditions of the Notes or the date for final redemption of the Permanent Global 
Note has occurred and, in either case, payment in full of the amount of principal falling due with 
all accrued interest thereon has not been made to the bearer in accordance with the terms of the 
Permanent Global Note on the due date for payment, 
then the Permanent Global Note (including the obligation to deliver Definitive Notes) will become void at 
5.00 p.m. (London time) on such thirtieth day (in the case of paragraph (a) above) or at 5.00 p.m. (London 
time) on such due date (paragraph (b) above) and the bearer of the Permanent Global Note will have no 
further rights thereunder (but without prejudice to the rights which the bearer of the Permanent Global Note 
or others may have under the Deed of Covenant). 
Rights under Deed of Covenant 
Under the Deed of Covenant, persons shown in the records of Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg 
and/or any other relevant clearing system as being entitled to an interest in a Temporary Global Note or a 
Permanent Global Note which becomes void will acquire directly against the relevant Issuer all those rights 
to which they would have been entitled if, immediately before the Temporary Global Note or Permanent 
Global Note became void, they had been the holders of Definitive Notes in an aggregate principal amount 
equal to the principal amount of Notes they were shown as holding in the records of Euroclear and/or 
Clearstream, Luxembourg and/or any other relevant clearing system. 
Terms and Conditions applicable to the Notes 
The terms and conditions applicable to any Definitive Note will be endorsed on that Note and will consist 
of the terms and conditions set out under "Terms and Conditions of the Notes" below and the provisions of 
the relevant Final Terms which complete those terms and conditions. 
The terms and conditions applicable to any Note in global form will differ from those terms and conditions 
which would apply to the Note were it in definitive form to the extent described under "Summary of 
Provisions Relating to the Notes while in Global Form" below. 
Legend concerning United States persons 
In the case of any Tranche of Bearer Notes having a maturity of more than 365 days, the Notes in global 
form, the Notes in definitive form and any Coupons and Talons appertaining thereto will bear a legend to 
the following effect: 
"Any United States person who holds this obligation will be subject to limitations under the United 
States income tax laws, including the limitations provided in Sections 165(j) and 1287(a) of the 
Internal Revenue Code." 
Registered Notes 
Each Tranche of Registered Notes will be in the form of either individual note certificates in registered 
form ("Individual Note Certificates") or a global note in registered form (a "Global Registered Note"), 
in each case as specified in the relevant Final Terms.   
In a press release dated 22 October 2008, "Evolution of the custody arrangement for international debt 
securities and their eligibility in Eurosystem credit operations", the ECB announced that it has assessed the

--- Page 36 ---
10249879381-v10 
- 36 - 
70-41048341 
 
new holding structure and custody arrangements for registered notes which the ICSDs had designed in 
cooperation with market participants and that Notes to be held under the new structure (the "New 
Safekeeping Structure" or "NSS") would be in compliance with the "Standards for the use of EU securities 
settlement systems in ESCB credit operations" of the central banking system for the euro (the 
"Eurosystem"), subject to the conclusion of the necessary legal and contractual arrangements.  The press 
release also stated that the new arrangements for Notes to be held in NSS form will be offered by Euroclear 
and Clearstream, Luxembourg as of 30 June 2010 and that registered debt securities in global registered 
form issued through Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg after 30 September 2010 will only be eligible 
as collateral in Eurosystem operations if the New Safekeeping Structure is used. 
The relevant Final Terms will indicate whether such Registered Notes are intended to be held in a manner 
which would allow Eurosystem eligibility. Any indication that the Registered Notes are to be so held does 
not necessarily mean that the Registered Notes of the relevant Tranche will be recognised as eligible 
collateral for Eurosystem monetary policy and intra-day credit operations by the Eurosystem either upon 
issue or at any times during their life as such recognition depends upon satisfaction of the Eurosystem 
eligibility criteria. 
Each Global Registered Note will either be: (a) in the case of a Note which is not to be held under the new 
safekeeping structure ("New Safekeeping Structure" or "NSS"), registered in the name of a common 
depositary (or its nominee) for Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg and/or any other relevant 
clearing system and the relevant Global Registered Note will be deposited on or about the issue date with 
the common depositary and will be exchangeable in accordance with its terms; or (b) in the case of a Note 
to be held under the New Safekeeping Structure, be registered in the name of a common safekeeper (or its 
nominee) for Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg and/or any other relevant clearing system and the 
relevant Global Registered Note will be deposited on or about the issue date with the common safekeeper 
for Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg and will be exchangeable for Individual Note Certificates 
in accordance with its terms. 
If the relevant Final Terms specifies the form of Notes as being "Individual Note Certificates", then the 
Notes will at all times be represented by Individual Note Certificates issued to each Noteholder in respect 
of their respective holdings. 
If the relevant Final Terms specifies the form of Notes as being "Global Registered Note exchangeable for 
Individual Note Certificates", then the Notes will initially be in the form of a Global Registered Note which 
will be exchangeable in whole, but not in part, for Individual Note Certificates: 
(a) 
on the expiry of such period of notice as may be specified in the relevant Final Terms; or 
(b) 
at any time, if so specified in the relevant Final Terms; or 
(c) 
if the relevant Final Terms specifies "in the limited circumstances described in the Global 
Registered Note", then if either of the following events occurs: 
(i) 
Euroclear or Clearstream, Luxembourg or any other relevant clearing system is closed for 
business for a continuous period of 14 days (other than by reason of legal holidays) or 
announces an intention permanently to cease business or  
(ii) 
an Event of Default as defined in Condition 13 (Events of Default) occurs and the Notes 
become due and payable. 
Whenever a Global Registered Note is to be exchanged for Individual Note Certificates, the relevant Issuer 
shall procure that Individual Note Certificates will be issued in an aggregate principal amount equal to the 
principal amount of the Global Registered Note within five business days of the delivery, by or on behalf 
of the registered holder of the Global Registered Note to the Registrar of such information as is required to 
complete and deliver such Individual Note Certificates (including, without limitation, the names and 
addresses of the persons in whose names the Individual Note Certificates are to be registered and the 
principal amount of each such person's holding) against the surrender of the Global Registered Note at the 
specified office of the Registrar. 
Such exchange will be effected in accordance with the provisions of the Agency Agreement and the 
regulations concerning the transfer and registration of Notes scheduled thereto and, in particular, shall be 
effected without charge to any holder, but against such indemnity as the Registrar may require in respect

--- Page 37 ---
10249879381-v10 
- 37 - 
70-41048341 
 
of any tax or other duty of whatsoever nature which may be levied or imposed in connection with such 
exchange. 
If: 
(a) 
Individual Note Certificates have not been delivered by 5.00 p.m. (London time) on the thirtieth 
day after they are due to be issued and delivered in accordance with the terms of the Global 
Registered Note; or 
(b) 
any of the Notes represented by a Global Registered Note (or any part of it) has become due and 
payable in accordance with the Terms and Conditions of the Notes or the date for final redemption 
of the Notes has occurred and, in either case, payment in full of the amount of principal falling due 
with all accrued interest thereon has not been made to the holder of the Global Registered Note in 
accordance with the terms of the Global Registered Note on the due date for payment, 
then the Global Registered Note (including the obligation to deliver Individual Note Certificates) will 
become void at 5.00 p.m. (London time) on such thirtieth day (in the case of paragraph (a) above) or at 5.00 
p.m. (London time) on such due date (in the case of paragraph (b) above) and the holder of the Global 
Registered Note will have no further rights thereunder (but without prejudice to the rights which the holder 
of the Global Registered Note or others may have under the Deed of Covenant.  Under the Deed of 
Covenant, persons shown in the records of Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg and/or any other 
relevant clearing system as being entitled to an interest in a Global Registered Note will acquire directly 
against the relevant Issuer, or if applicable, the Guarantor all those rights to which they would have been 
entitled if, immediately before the Global Registered Note became void, they had been the holders of 
Individual Note Certificates in an aggregate principal amount equal to the principal amount of Notes they 
were shown as holding in the records of Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg and/or any other 
relevant clearing system. 
Terms and Conditions applicable to the Notes 
The terms and conditions applicable to any Individual Note Certificate will be endorsed on that Individual 
Note Certificate and will consist of the terms and conditions set out under "Terms and Conditions of the 
Notes" below and the provisions of the relevant Final Terms which complete those terms and conditions. 
The terms and conditions applicable to any Global Registered Note will differ from those terms and 
conditions which would apply to the Note were it in definitive form to the extent described under "Summary 
of Provisions Relating to the Notes while in Global Form" below.

--- Page 38 ---
10249879381-v10 
- 38 - 
70-41048341 
 
TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THE NOTES 
The following is the text of the terms and conditions which, as completed by the relevant Final Terms, will 
be endorsed on each Note in definitive form issued under the Programme. In the case of any Tranche of 
Notes which are being admitted to trading on a regulated market in a Member State, the relevant Final 
Terms shall not amend or replace any information in this Base Prospectus.  Subject to this, to the extent 
permitted by applicable law and/or regulation, the Final Terms in respect of any Tranche of Notes may 
supplement, amend or replace any information in this Base Prospectus. 
The terms and conditions applicable to any Note in global form will differ from those terms and conditions 
which would apply to the Note were it in definitive form to the extent described under "Summary of 
Provisions Relating to the Notes while in Global Form" below. 
1. 
Introduction  
(a) 
Programme: DSV A/S and DSV Finance B.V. (each an "Issuer") have established a Euro Medium 
Term Note Programme (the "Programme") for the issuance of up to EUR 4,000,000,000 principal 
amount of notes (the "Notes") unconditionally and irrevocably guaranteed, in respect of Notes 
issued by DSV Finance B.V., by DSV A/S (in such capacity, the "Guarantor"). References herein 
to the "Issuer" shall be to the Issuer specified in the applicable Final Terms (as defined below). If 
the relevant Issuer of a Series of Notes is DSV A/S, references herein to "Guarantor" and 
"Guarantee of the Notes", and related expressions, are not applicable and shall be disregarded in 
respect of such Series. 
(b) 
Final Terms:  Notes issued under the Programme are issued in series (each a "Series") and each 
Series may comprise one or more tranches (each a "Tranche") of Notes.  Each Tranche is the 
subject of a final terms (the "Final Terms") which completes these terms and conditions (the 
"Conditions").  The terms and conditions applicable to any particular Tranche of Notes are these 
Conditions as completed by the relevant Final Terms.  In the event of any inconsistency between 
these Conditions and the relevant Final Terms, the relevant Final Terms shall prevail. 
(c) 
Agency Agreement:  The Notes are the subject of a fiscal agency agreement dated 15 February 
2022 (the "Agency Agreement") between each Issuer, the Guarantor, HSBC Bank plc as fiscal 
agent (the "Fiscal Agent", which expression includes any successor fiscal agent appointed from 
time to time in connection with the Notes), HSBC Bank plc as registrar (the "Registrar", which 
expression includes any successor registrar appointed from time to time in connection with the 
Notes and the paying agents named therein (together with the Fiscal Agent, the "Paying Agents", 
which expression includes any successor or additional paying agents appointed from time to time 
in connection with the Notes) and the transfer agents named therein (together with the Registrar, 
the "Transfer Agents", which expression includes any successor or additional transfer agents 
appointed from time to time in connection with the Notes).  In these Conditions references to the 
"Agents" are to the Paying Agents and the Transfer Agents and any reference to an "Agent" is to 
any one of them. 
(d) 
Deed of Covenant:  The Notes may be issued in bearer form ("Bearer Notes"), or in registered 
form ("Registered Notes").  Registered Notes are constituted by a deed of covenant dated 15 
February 2022 (the "Deed of Covenant") entered into by the Issuers. 
(e) 
Deed of Guarantee: Pursuant to the deed of guarantee dated 15 February 2022 entered into by the 
Guarantor  (the "Deed of Guarantee") the Guarantor has irrevocably and unconditionally agreed 
to guarantee the obligations of DSV Finance B.V. under and in relation to Notes issued by DSV 
Finance B.V. 
(f) 
The Notes:  All subsequent references in these Conditions to "Notes" are to the Notes which are 
the subject of the relevant Final Terms. Copies of the relevant Final Terms are available for viewing 
at the specified office of the Fiscal Agent. 
(g) 
Summaries: Certain provisions of these Conditions are summaries of the Agency Agreement, the 
Deed of Guarantee and the Deed of Covenant and are subject to their detailed provisions.  The 
holders of the Notes (the "Noteholders") and the holders of the related interest coupons, if any, 
(the "Couponholders" and the "Coupons", respectively) are bound by, and are deemed to have

--- Page 39 ---
10249879381-v10 
- 39 - 
70-41048341 
 
notice of, all the provisions of the Agency Agreement, the Deed of Guarantee and the Deed of 
Covenant applicable to them. Copies of the Agency Agreement, the Deed of Guarantee and the 
Deed of Covenant are available for inspection by Noteholders during normal business hours at the 
Specified Offices of each of the Paying Agents, the initial Specified Offices of which are set out 
below. 
2. 
Interpretation 
(a) 
Definitions:  In these Conditions the following expressions have the following meanings: 
"Accrual Yield" has the meaning given in the relevant Final Terms; 
"Additional Business Centre(s)" means the city or cities specified as such in the relevant Final 
Terms;  
"Additional Financial Centre(s)" means the city or cities specified as such in the relevant Final 
Terms; 
"Business Day" means: 
(a) 
in relation to any sum payable in euro, a TARGET Settlement Day and a day on which 
commercial banks and foreign exchange markets settle payments generally in each (if any) 
Additional Business Centre;  
(b) 
in relation to any sum payable in a currency other than euro, a day on which commercial 
banks and foreign exchange markets settle payments generally in London, in the Principal 
Financial Centre of the relevant currency and in each (if any) Additional Business Centre; 
and 
(c) 
in respect of Notes for which the Reference Rate is specified as SOFR in the relevant Final 
Terms, any weekday that is a U.S. Government Securities Business Day and is not a legal 
holiday in New York and each (if any) Additional Business Centre(s) and is not a date on 
which banking institutions in those cities are authorised or required by law or regulation 
to be closed; 
"Business Day Convention", in relation to any particular date, has the meaning given in the 
relevant Final Terms and, if so specified in the relevant Final Terms, may have different meanings 
in relation to different dates and, in this context, the following expressions shall have the following 
meanings: 
(a) 
"Following Business Day Convention" means that the relevant date shall be postponed 
to the first following day that is a Business Day; 
(b) 
"Modified Following Business Day Convention" or "Modified Business Day 
Convention" means that the relevant date shall be postponed to the first following day 
that is a Business Day unless that day falls in the next calendar month in which case that 
date will be the first preceding day that is a Business Day save in respect of Notes for 
which the Reference Rate is SOFR, for which the final Interest Payment Date will not be 
postponed and interest on that payment will not accrue during the period from and after 
the scheduled final Interest Payment Date; 
(c) 
"Preceding Business Day Convention" means that the relevant date shall be brought 
forward to the first preceding day that is a Business Day; 
(d) 
"FRN Convention", "Floating Rate Convention" or "Eurodollar Convention" means 
that each relevant date shall be the date which numerically corresponds to the preceding 
such date in the calendar month which is the number of months specified in the relevant 
Final Terms as the Specified Period after the calendar month in which the preceding such 
date occurred provided, however, that:

--- Page 40 ---
10249879381-v10 
- 40 - 
70-41048341 
 
(i) 
if there is no such numerically corresponding day in the calendar month in which 
any such date should occur, then such date will be the last day which is a Business 
Day in that calendar month; 
(ii) 
if any such date would otherwise fall on a day which is not a Business Day, then 
such date will be the first following day which is a Business Day unless that day 
falls in the next calendar month, in which case it will be the first preceding day 
which is a Business Day; and 
(iii) 
if the preceding such date occurred on the last day in a calendar month which was 
a Business Day, then all subsequent such dates will be the last day which is a 
Business Day in the calendar month which is the specified number of months after 
the calendar month in which the preceding such date occurred; and 
(e) 
"No Adjustment" means that the relevant date shall not be adjusted in accordance with 
any Business Day Convention;  
"Calculation Agent" means the Fiscal Agent or such other Person specified in the relevant Final 
Terms as the party responsible for calculating the Rate(s) of Interest and Interest Amount(s) and/or 
such other amount(s) as may be specified in the relevant Final Terms;  
"Calculation Amount" has the meaning given in the relevant Final Terms; 
"Coupon Sheet" means, in respect of a Note, a coupon sheet relating to the Note; 
"DA Selected Bond" means the government security or securities selected by the Determination 
Agent as having an actual or interpolated maturity comparable with the Remaining Term of the 
Notes, that would be utilised, at the time of selection and in accordance with customary financial 
practice, in determining the redemption price of corporate debt securities denominated in the same 
currency as the Notes and with a comparable remaining maturity to the Remaining Term of the 
Notes; 
"Day Count Fraction" means, in respect of the calculation of an amount for any period of time 
(the "Calculation Period"), such day count fraction as may be specified in these Conditions or the 
relevant Final Terms and: 
(a) 
if "Actual/Actual (ICMA)" is so specified, means: 
(i) 
where the Calculation Period is equal to or shorter than the Regular Period during 
which it falls, the actual number of days in the Calculation Period divided by the 
product of (1) the actual number of days in such Regular Period and (2) the 
number of Regular Periods in any year; and 
(ii) 
where the Calculation Period is longer than one Regular Period, the sum of: 
(A) 
the actual number of days in such Calculation Period falling in the 
Regular Period in which it begins divided by the product of (1) the actual 
number of days in such Regular Period and (2) the number of Regular 
Periods in any year; and 
(B) 
the actual number of days in such Calculation Period falling in the next 
Regular Period divided by the product of (a) the actual number of days 
in such Regular Period and (2) the number of Regular Periods in any year; 
(iii) 
if "Actual/Actual (ISDA)" is so specified, means the actual number of days in 
the Calculation Period divided by 365 (or, if any portion of the Calculation Period 
falls in a leap year, the sum of (A) the actual number of days in that portion of the 
Calculation Period falling in a leap year divided by 366 and (B) the actual number 
of days in that portion of the Calculation Period falling in a non-leap year divided 
by 365);

--- Page 41 ---
10249879381-v10 
- 41 - 
70-41048341 
 
(iv) 
if "Actual/365 (Fixed)" is so specified, means the actual number of days in the 
Calculation Period divided by 365; 
(v) 
if "Actual/360" is so specified, means the actual number of days in the 
Calculation Period divided by 360; 
(vi) 
if "30/360" is so specified, the number of days in the Calculation Period divided 
by 360, calculated on a formula basis as follows 
Day 
Count 
Fraction 
=
360
)
(
)]
(
30
[
)]
(
360
[
1
2
1
2
1
2
D
D
M
M
x
Y
Y
x
−
+
−
+
−
 
where: 
"Y1" is the year, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the 
Calculation Period falls; 
"Y2" is the year, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately 
following the last day included in the Calculation Period falls; 
"M1" is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the first day 
of the Calculation Period falls; 
"M2" is the calendar month, expressed as number, in which the day 
immediately following the last day included in the Calculation Period 
falls; 
"D1" is the first calendar day, expressed as a number, of the Calculation 
Period, unless such number would be 31, in which case D1 will be 30; 
and 
"D2" is the calendar day, expressed as a number, immediately following 
the last day included in the Calculation Period, unless such number 
would be 31 and D1 is greater than 29, in which case D2 will be 30";  
(vii) 
if "30E/360" or "Eurobond Basis" is so specified, the number of days in the 
Calculation Period divided by 360, calculated on a formula basis as follows: 
Day Count Fraction = 
360
)
(
)]
(
30
[
)]
(
360
[
1
2
1
2
1
2
D
D
M
M
x
Y
Y
x
−
+
−
+
−
 
where: 
"Y1" is the year, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the Calculation 
Period falls; 
"Y2" is the year, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately following 
the last day included in the Calculation Period falls; 
"M1" is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the 
Calculation Period falls; 
"M2" is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately 
following the last day included in the Calculation Period falls; 
"D1" is the first calendar day, expressed as a number, of the Calculation Period, 
unless such number would be 31, in which case D1 will be 30; and

--- Page 42 ---
10249879381-v10 
- 42 - 
70-41048341 
 
"D2" is the calendar day, expressed as a number, immediately following the last 
day included in the Calculation Period, unless such number would be 31, in which 
case D2 will be 30; and 
if "30E/360 (ISDA)" is so specified, the number of days in the Calculation Period 
divided by 360, calculated on a formula basis as follows: 
Day Count Fraction = 
360
(
)]
(
30
[
)]
(
360
[
)1
2
1
2
1
2
D
D
M
M
x
Y
Y
x
−
+
−
+
−
 
where: 
"Y1" is the year, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the Calculation 
Period falls; 
"Y2" is the year, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately following 
the last day included in the Calculation Period falls; 
"M1" is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the 
Calculation Period falls; 
"M2" is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately 
following the last day included in the Calculation Period falls; 
"D1" is the first calendar day, expressed as a number, of the Calculation Period, 
unless (i) that day is the last day of February or (ii) such number would be 31, in 
which case D1 will be 30; and 
"D2" is the calendar day, expressed as a number, immediately following the last 
day included in the Calculation Period, unless (i) that day is the last day of 
February but not the Maturity Date or (ii) such number would be 31, in which 
case D2 will be 30, 
provided, however, that in each such case the number of days in the Calculation Period 
is calculated from and including the first day of the Calculation Period to but excluding 
the last day of the Calculation Period; 
"Determination Agent" means an independent adviser, investment bank or financial institution of 
recognised standing selected by the Issuer; 
"Early Redemption Amount (Tax)" means, in respect of any Note, its principal amount or such 
other amount as may be specified in, or determined in accordance with, the relevant Final Terms; 
"Early Termination Amount" means, in respect of any Note, its principal amount or such other 
amount as may be specified in, or determined in accordance with, these Conditions or the relevant 
Final Terms; 
"EURIBOR" means, in respect of any specified currency and any specified period, the interest 
rate benchmark known as the Euro zone interbank offered rate which is calculated and published 
by a designated distributor (currently Thomson Reuters) in accordance with the requirements from 
time to time of the European Money Markets Institute (or any person which takes over 
administration of that rate); 
"Extraordinary Resolution" has the meaning given in the Agency Agreement;  
"Final Redemption Amount" means, in respect of any Note, its principal amount or such other 
amount as may be specified in the relevant Final Terms; 
"First Interest Payment Date" means the date specified in the relevant Final Terms; 
"Fixed Coupon Amount" has the meaning given in the relevant Final Terms;

--- Page 43 ---
10249879381-v10 
- 43 - 
70-41048341 
 
"Gross Redemption Yield" means, with respect to a security, the gross redemption yield on such 
security, expressed as a percentage and calculated by the Determination Agent on the basis set out 
by the United Kingdom Debt Management Office in the paper "Formulae for Calculating Gilt 
Prices from Yields", page 5, Section One: Price/Yield Formulae "Conventional Gilts; Double-
dated and Undated Gilts with Assumed (or Actual) Redemption on a Quasi-Coupon 
Date"(published on 8 June 1998 and updated on 15 January 2002 and 16 March 2005, and as 
further amended, updated, supplemented or replaced from time to time) or, if such formula does 
not reflect generally accepted market practice at the time of redemption, a gross redemption yield 
calculated in accordance with generally accepted market practice at such time as determined by 
the Determination Agent; 
"Group" means DSV A/S and its Subsidiaries taken as a whole; 
"Guarantee" means, in relation to any Indebtedness of any Person, any obligation of another 
Person to pay such Indebtedness including (without limitation): 
(a) 
any obligation to purchase such Indebtedness; 
(b) 
any obligation to lend money, to purchase or subscribe shares or other securities or to 
purchase assets or services in order to provide funds for the payment of such Indebtedness; 
(c) 
any indemnity against the consequences of a default in the payment of such Indebtedness; 
and 
(d) 
any other agreement to be responsible for such Indebtedness; 
"Guarantee of the Notes" means the guarantee of the Notes given by the Guarantor in the Deed 
of Guarantee; 
"Holder", in the case of Bearer Notes, has the meaning given in Condition 3(b) (Form, 
Denomination, Title and Transfer - Title to Bearer Notes) and, in the case of Registered Notes, has 
the meaning given in Condition 3(d) (Form, Denomination, Title and Transfer – Title to Registered 
Notes); 
"Indebtedness" means any indebtedness of any Person for money borrowed or raised including 
(without limitation) any indebtedness for or in respect of: 
(a) 
amounts raised by acceptance under any acceptance credit facility; 
(b) 
amounts raised under any note purchase facility; 
(c) 
the amount of any liability in respect of leases or hire purchase contracts which would, in 
accordance with applicable law and generally accepted accounting principles, be treated 
as finance or capital leases; 
(d) 
the amount of any liability in respect of any purchase price for assets or services the 
payment of which is deferred for a period in excess of 60 days; and 
(e) 
amounts raised under any other transaction (including, without limitation, any forward 
sale or purchase agreement) having the commercial effect of a borrowing; 
"Interest Amount" means, in relation to a Note and an Interest Period, the amount of interest 
payable in respect of that Note for that Interest Period; 
"Interest Commencement Date" means the Issue Date of the Notes or such other date as may be 
specified as the Interest Commencement Date in the relevant Final Terms; 
"Interest Determination Date" has the meaning given in the relevant Final Terms;

--- Page 44 ---
10249879381-v10 
- 44 - 
70-41048341 
 
"Interest Payment Date" means the First Interest Payment Date and any other date or dates 
specified as such in, or determined in accordance with the provisions of, the relevant Final Terms 
and, if a Business Day Convention is specified in the relevant Final Terms: 
(a) 
as the same may be adjusted in accordance with the relevant Business Day Convention; 
or 
(b) 
if the Business Day Convention is the FRN Convention, Floating Rate Convention or 
Eurodollar Convention and an interval of a number of calendar months is specified in the 
relevant Final Terms as being the Specified Period, each of such dates as may occur in 
accordance with the FRN Convention, Floating Rate Convention or Eurodollar 
Convention at such Specified Period of calendar months following the Interest 
Commencement Date (in the case of the first Interest Payment Date) or the previous 
Interest Payment Date (in any other case); 
"Interest Period" means each period beginning on (and including) the Interest Commencement 
Date or any Interest Payment Date and ending on (but excluding) the next Interest Payment Date 
(or, if the Notes are redeemed on any earlier date, the relevant recemption date); 
"ISDA" means the International Swaps and Derivatives Association, Inc. (or any successor);  
"ISDA Definitions" has the meaning given in the relevant Final Terms;  
"Issue Date" has the meaning given in the relevant Final Terms; 
"Make Whole Redemption Price" has the meaning given in Condition 9(c) (Redemption and 
Purchase - Redemption at the option of the Issuer); 
"Margin" has the meaning given in the relevant Final Terms; 
"Maturity Date" has the meaning given in the relevant Final Terms;  
"Maximum Redemption Amount" has the meaning given in the relevant Final Terms; 
"Minimum Percentage" means the percentage of the initial aggregate principal amount of that 
particular series of Notes (including for the avoidance of doubt, any Notes which have been 
consolidated and form a single series therewith) specified as such in the applicable Final Terms; 
"Minimum Redemption Amount" has the meaning given in the relevant Final Terms; 
"Non-Sterling Make Whole Redemption Amount" has the meaning given in Condition 9(c) 
(Redemption and Purchase - Redemption at the option of the Issuer); 
"Noteholder", in the case of Bearer Notes, has the meaning given in Condition 3(b) (Form, 
Denomination, Title and Transfer - Title to Bearer Notes) and, in the case of Registered Notes, has 
the meaning given in Condition 3(d) (Form, Denomination, Title and Transfer - Title to Registered 
Notes); 
"Optional Redemption Amount (Call)" means, in respect of any Note, its principal amount or 
such other amount as may be specified in the relevant Final Terms; 
"Optional Redemption Amount (Put)" means, in respect of any Note, its principal amount or 
such other amount as may be specified in the relevant Final Terms; 
"Optional Redemption Date (Call)" has the meaning given in the relevant Final Terms;  
"Optional Redemption Date (Put)" has the meaning given in the relevant Final Terms; 
"Participating Member State" means a Member State of the European Union which adopts the 
euro as its lawful currency in accordance with the Treaty;

--- Page 45 ---
10249879381-v10 
- 45 - 
70-41048341 
 
"Payment Business Day" means: 
(a) 
if the currency of payment is euro, any day which is: 
(i) 
a day on which banks in the relevant place of presentation are open for 
presentation and payment of bearer debt securities and for dealings in foreign 
currencies; and 
(ii) 
in the case of payment by transfer to an account, a TARGET Settlement Day and 
a day on which dealings in foreign currencies may be carried on in each (if any) 
Additional Financial Centre; or 
(b) 
if the currency of payment is not euro, any day which is: 
(i) 
a day on which banks in the relevant place of presentation are open for 
presentation and payment of bearer debt securities and for dealings in foreign 
currencies; and 
(ii) 
in the case of payment by transfer to an account, a day on which dealings in 
foreign currencies may be carried on in the Principal Financial Centre of the 
currency of payment and in each (if any) Additional Financial Centre; 
"Person" means any individual, company, corporation, firm, partnership, joint venture, association, 
organisation, state or agency of a state or other entity, whether or not having separate legal 
personality; 
"Principal Financial Centre" means, in relation to any currency, the principal financial centre for 
that currency provided, however, that: 
(a) 
in relation to euro, it means the principal financial centre of such Member State of the 
European Union as is selected (in the case of a payment) by the payee or (in the case of a 
calculation) by the Calculation Agent; and 
(b) 
in relation to New Zealand dollars, it means either Wellington or Auckland as is selected 
(in the case of a payment) by the payee or (in the case of a calculation) by the Calculation 
Agent; 
"Put Option Notice" means a notice which must be delivered to a Paying Agent by any Noteholder 
wanting to exercise a right to redeem a Note at the option of the Noteholder; 
"Put Option Receipt" means a receipt issued by a Paying Agent to a depositing Noteholder upon 
deposit of a Note with such Paying Agent by any Noteholder wanting to exercise a right to redeem 
a Note at the option of the Noteholder; 
"Quotation Time" has the meaning given in the relevant Final Terms; 
"Rate of Interest" means the rate or rates (expressed as a percentage per annum) of interest payable 
in respect of the Notes specified in the relevant Final Terms or calculated or determined in 
accordance with the provisions of these Conditions and/or the relevant Final Terms; 
"Redemption Amount" means, as appropriate, the Final Redemption Amount, the Early 
Redemption Amount (Tax), the Optional Redemption Amount (Call), the Sterling Make Whole 
Redemption Amount, the Non-Sterling Make Whole Redemption Amount, the Optional 
Redemption Amount (Put), the Early Termination Amount or such other amount in the nature of a 
redemption amount as may be specified in the relevant Final Terms; 
"Redemption Margin" means the figure specified in the relevant Final Terms; 
"Reference Bond" means the bond specified in the relevant Final Terms or, if not so specified or 
to the extent that such Reference Bond specified in the Final Terms is no longer outstanding on the 
relevant Reference Date, the DA Selected Bond;

--- Page 46 ---
10249879381-v10 
- 46 - 
70-41048341 
 
"Reference Bond Price" means, with respect to any Reference Date, (i) the arithmetic average of 
the Reference Government Bond Dealer Quotations for such date of redemption, after excluding 
the highest and lowest such Reference Government Bond Dealer Quotations, or (ii) if fewer than 
five such Reference Government Bond Dealer Quotations are received, the arithmetic average of 
all such quotations; 
"Reference Bond Rate" means, with respect to any Reference Date, the rate per annum equal to 
the annual or semi-annual yield (as the case may be) for the Remaining Term or interpolated yield 
for the Remaining Term (on the relevant day count basis) of the Reference Bond, assuming a price 
for the Reference Bond (expressed as a percentage of its principal amount) equal to the Reference 
Bond Price for such Reference Date; 
"Reference Date" means the date falling three London Business Days prior to the Optional 
Redemption Date (Call); 
"Reference Government Bond Dealer" means each of five banks selected by the Issuer 
(following, where practicable, consultation with the Determination Agent, if applicable), or their 
affiliates, which are (i) primary government securities dealers, and their respective successors, or 
(ii) market makers in pricing corporate bond issues; 
"Reference Government Bond Dealer Quotations" means, with respect to each Reference 
Government Bond Dealer and any Reference Date, the arithmetic average, as determined by the 
Determination Agent, of the bid and offered prices for the Reference Bond (expressed in each case 
as a percentage of its principal amount) at the Quotation Time on the Reference Date quoted in 
writing to the Determination Agent by such Reference Government Bond Dealer; 
"Reference Price" has the meaning given in the relevant Final Terms; 
"Reference Rate" means EURIBOR/SONIA/SOFR or as specified in the relevant Final Terms in 
respect of the currency and period specified in the relevant Final Terms. Other than in the case of 
U.S. dollar-denominated floating rate Notes for which the "Reference Rate" is specified in the 
relevant Final Terms as being SOFR, the term Reference Rate shall, following the occurrence of a 
Benchmark Event under Condition 7(i) (Benchmark Discontinuation), include any Successor Rate 
or Alternative Rate and shall, if a Benchmark Event should occur subsequently in respect of any 
such Successor Rate or Alternative Rate, also include any further Successor Rate or further 
Alternative Rate; 
"Regular Period" means: 
(a) 
in the case of Notes where interest is scheduled to be paid only by means of regular 
payments, each period from and including the Interest Commencement Date to but 
excluding the first Interest Payment Date and each successive period from and including 
one Interest Payment Date to but excluding the next Interest Payment Date; 
(b) 
in the case of Notes where, apart from the first Interest Period, interest is scheduled to be 
paid only by means of regular payments, each period from and including a Regular Date 
falling in any year to but excluding the next Regular Date, where "Regular Date" means 
the day and month (but not the year) on which any Interest Payment Date falls; and 
(c) 
in the case of Notes where, apart from one Interest Period other than the first Interest 
Period, interest is scheduled to be paid only by means of regular payments, each period 
from and including a Regular Date falling in any year to but excluding the next Regular 
Date, where "Regular Date" means the day and month (but not the year) on which any 
Interest Payment Date falls other than the Interest Payment Date falling at the end of the 
irregular Interest Period. 
"Relevant Date" means, in relation to any payment, whichever is the later of (a) the date on which 
the payment in question first becomes due and (b) if the full amount payable has not been received 
by the Fiscal Agent on or prior to such due date, the date on which (the full amount having been 
so received) notice to that effect has been given to the Noteholders;  
"Relevant Financial Centre" has the meaning given in the relevant Final Terms;

--- Page 47 ---
10249879381-v10 
- 47 - 
70-41048341 
 
"Relevant Screen Page" means the page, section or other part of a particular information service 
(including, without limitation, Reuters) specified as the Relevant Screen Page in the relevant Final 
Terms, or such other page, section or other part as may replace it on that information service or 
such other information service, in each case, as may be nominated by the Person providing or 
sponsoring the information appearing there for the purpose of displaying rates or prices comparable 
to the Reference Rate; 
"Relevant Time" has the meaning given in the relevant Final Terms; 
"Remaining Term" means the term to maturity or, if a Par Redemption Date is specified in the 
relevant Final Terms, to such Par Redemption Date; 
"Reserved Matter" means any proposal to change any date fixed for payment of principal or 
interest in respect of the Notes, to reduce the amount of principal or interest payable on any date 
in respect of the Notes, to alter the method of calculating the amount of any payment in respect of 
the Notes or the date for any such payment, to modify any provision of the Guarantee of the Notes, 
to change the currency of any payment under the Notes or to change the quorum requirements 
relating to meetings or the majority required to pass an Extraordinary Resolution; 
"Specified Currency" has the meaning given in the relevant Final Terms; 
"Specified Denomination(s)" has the meaning given in the relevant Final Terms;  
"Specified Office" has the meaning given in the Agency Agreement; 
"Specified Period" has the meaning given in the relevant Final Terms;  
"Sterling Make Whole Redemption Amount" has the meaning given in Condition 9(c) 
(Redemption and Purchase – Redemption at the option of the Issuer); 
"Subsidiary" has the meaning provided in section 5 of the Danish Companies Act (Consolidated 
Act no. 1952 of 11 October 2021 as amended from time to time); 
"Talon" means a talon for further Coupons; 
"TARGET2" means the Trans-European Automated Real-Time Gross Settlement Express 
Transfer payment system or any successor thereto; 
"TARGET Settlement Day" means any day on which TARGET2 is open for the settlement of 
payments in euro; 
"Treaty" means the Treaty on the Functioning of the European Union, as amended; and 
"Zero Coupon Note" means a Note specified as such in the relevant Final Terms. 
(b) 
Interpretation: In these Conditions: 
(i) 
if the Notes are Zero Coupon Notes or are Registered Notes, references to Coupons and 
Couponholders are not applicable; 
(ii) 
if Talons are specified in the relevant Final Terms as being attached to the Notes at the 
time of issue, references to Coupons shall be deemed to include references to Talons; 
(iii) 
if Talons are not specified in the relevant Final Terms as being attached to the Notes at the 
time of issue, references to Talons are not applicable; 
(iv) 
any reference to principal shall be deemed to include the Redemption Amount, any 
additional amounts in respect of principal which may be payable under Condition 12 
(Taxation), any premium payable in respect of a Note and any other amount in the nature 
of principal payable pursuant to these Conditions;

--- Page 48 ---
10249879381-v10 
- 48 - 
70-41048341 
 
(v) 
any reference to interest shall be deemed to include any additional amounts in respect of 
interest which may be payable under Condition 12 (Taxation) and any other amount in the 
nature of interest payable pursuant to these Conditions; 
(vi) 
references to Notes being "outstanding" shall be construed in accordance with the Agency 
Agreement;  
(vii) 
if an expression is stated in Condition 2(a) (Definitions) to have the meaning given in the 
relevant Final Terms, but the relevant Final Terms gives no such meaning or specifies that 
such expression is "not applicable" then such expression is not applicable to the Notes; 
(viii) 
any reference to the Agency Agreement shall be construed as a reference to the Agency 
Agreement, as amended and/or supplemented up to and including the Issue Date of the 
Notes; and 
(ix) 
any reference in these Conditions to any legislation (whether primary legislation or 
regulations or other subsidiary legislation made pursuant to primary legislation) shall be 
construed as a reference to such legislation as the same may have been, or may from time 
to time be, amended or re-enacted. 
3. 
Form, Denomination and Title 
(a) 
Bearer Notes:  Bearer Notes are in the Specified Denomination(s) with Coupons and, if specified 
in the relevant Final Terms, Talons attached at the time of issue.  In the case of a Series of Bearer 
Notes with more than one Specified Denomination, Bearer Notes of one Specified Denomination 
will not be exchangeable for Bearer Notes of another Specified Denomination. 
(b) 
Title to Bearer Notes:  Title to Bearer Notes and the Coupons will pass by delivery. In the case of 
Bearer Notes, "Holder" means the holder of such Bearer Note and "Noteholder" and 
"Couponholder" shall be construed accordingly. 
(c) 
Registered Notes:  Registered Notes are in the Specified Denomination(s), which may include a 
minimum denomination specified in the relevant Final Terms and higher integral multiples of a 
smaller amount specified in the relevant Final Terms. 
(d) 
Title to Registered Notes:  The Registrar will maintain the register in accordance with the 
provisions of the Agency Agreement.  A certificate (each, a "Note Certificate") will be issued to 
each Holder of Registered Notes in respect of its registered holding.  Each Note Certificate will be 
numbered serially with an identifying number which will be recorded in the Register.  In the case 
of Registered Notes, "Holder" means the person in whose name such Registered Note is for the 
time being registered in the Register (or, in the case of a joint holding, the first named thereof) and 
"Noteholder" shall be construed accordingly. 
(e) 
Ownership:  The Holder of any Note or Coupon shall (except as otherwise required by law) be 
treated as its absolute owner for all purposes (whether or not it is overdue and regardless of any 
notice of ownership, trust or any other interest therein, any writing thereon or, in the case of 
Registered Notes, on the Note Certificate relating thereto (other than the endorsed form of transfer) 
or any notice of any previous loss or theft thereof) and no Person shall be liable for so treating such 
Holder.  No person shall have any right to enforce any term or condition of any Note under the 
Contracts (Rights of Third Parties) Act 1999. 
(f) 
Transfers of Registered Notes:  Subject to paragraphs (i) (Closed periods) and (j) (Regulations 
concerning transfers and registration) below, a Registered Note may be transferred upon surrender 
of the relevant Note Certificate, with the endorsed form of transfer duly completed, at the Specified 
Office of the Registrar or any Transfer Agent, together with such evidence as the Registrar or (as 
the case may be) such Transfer Agent may reasonably require to prove the title of the transferor 
and the authority of the individuals who have executed the form of transfer; provided, however, 
that a Registered Note may not be transferred unless the principal amount of Registered Notes 
transferred and (where not all of the Registered Notes held by a Holder are being transferred) the 
principal amount of the balance of Registered Notes not transferred are Specified Denominations.  
Where not all the Registered Notes represented by the surrendered Note Certificate are the subject

--- Page 49 ---
10249879381-v10 
- 49 - 
70-41048341 
 
of the transfer, a new Note Certificate in respect of the balance of the Registered Notes will be 
issued to the transferor. 
(g) 
Registration and delivery of Note Certificates:  Within five business days of the surrender of a 
Note Certificate in accordance with paragraph (f) (Transfers of Registered Notes) above, the 
Registrar will register the transfer in question and deliver a new Note Certificate of a like principal 
amount to the Registered Notes transferred to each relevant Holder at its Specified Office or (as 
the case may be) the Specified Office of any Transfer Agent or (at the request and risk of any such 
relevant Holder) by uninsured first class mail (airmail if overseas) to the address specified for the 
purpose by such relevant Holder.  In this paragraph (g), "business day" means a day on which 
commercial banks are open for general business (including dealings in foreign currencies) in the 
city where the Registrar or (as the case may be) the relevant Transfer Agent has its Specified Office. 
(h) 
No charge:  The transfer of a Registered Note will be effected without charge by or on behalf of 
the Issuer or the Registrar or any Transfer Agent but against such indemnity as the Registrar or (as 
the case may be) such Transfer Agent may require in respect of any tax or other duty of whatsoever 
nature which may be levied or imposed in connection with such transfer. 
(i) 
Closed periods:  Noteholders may not require transfers to be registered during the period of 15 
days ending on the due date for any payment of principal or interest in respect of the Registered 
Notes. 
(j) 
Regulations concerning transfers and registration:  All transfers of Registered Notes and entries 
on the Register are subject to the detailed regulations concerning the transfer of Registered Notes 
scheduled to the Agency Agreement.  The regulations may be changed by the Issuer with the prior 
written approval of the Registrar.  A copy of the current regulations will be mailed (free of charge) 
by the Registrar to any Noteholder who requests in writing a copy of such regulations. 
4. 
Status and Guarantee 
(a) 
Status of the Notes:  The Notes constitute direct, general, unconditional and unsecured obligations 
of the Issuer which will at all times rank pari passu among themselves and at least pari passu with 
all other present and future unsecured obligations of the Issuer, save for such obligations as may 
be preferred by provisions of law that are both mandatory and of general application. 
(b) 
Guarantee of the Notes: The Guarantor has in the Deed of Guarantee unconditionally and 
irrevocably guaranteed the due and punctual payment of all sums from time to time payable by 
DSV Finance B.V. in respect of Notes issued by DSV Finance B.V. and any related Coupons. This 
Guarantee of the Notes constitutes direct, general, unconditional and unsecured obligations of the 
Guarantor which will at all times rank at least pari passu with all other present and future unsecured 
obligations of the Guarantor, save for such obligations as may be preferred by provisions of law 
that are both mandatory and of general application.  
5. 
Negative Pledge 
So long as any Note remains outstanding, (as defined in the Agency Agreement), each Issuer and 
the Guarantor will not, and will ensure that none of their Subsidiaries will, create or have 
outstanding any mortgage, charge, lien, pledge or other security interest (each a "Security 
Interest") (in each case other than a Permitted Security Interest), upon the whole or any part of its 
present or future undertaking, assets or revenues (including any uncalled capital) to secure any 
Relevant Indebtedness, or any guarantee or indemnity in respect of any Relevant Indebtedness, 
without at the same time or prior thereto according to the Notes or Guarantee of the Notes the same 
security as is created or subsisting to secure any such Relevant Indebtedness, guarantee or 
indemnity or such other security as shall be approved by a resolution of the Noteholders, passed in 
accordance with Condition 17 (Meetings of Noteholders; Modification and Waiver). 
For the purposes of these Terms and Conditions: 
"Relevant Indebtedness" means any indebtedness which is in the form of, or represented or 
evidenced by, bonds, notes, debentures, loan stock or other securities (except for any debt securities 
issued pursuant to section 4(a)2 of the Securities Act of 1933, as amended) issued by DSV A/S or

--- Page 50 ---
10249879381-v10 
- 50 - 
70-41048341 
 
any of its Subsidiaries and which, for the time being, are, or capable of being, quoted, listed, dealt 
in or traded on any stock exchange or over-the-counter or other securities market. 
"Permitted Security Interest" means any Security Interest securing any Relevant Indebtedness of 
any Subsidiary of DSV A/S acquired, so long as such Security Interest was outstanding on the date 
on which the relevant entity became a Subsidiary of DSV A/S, was not created in contemplation 
of such entity becoming a Subsidiary of DSV A/S and the principal amount of Relevant 
Indebtedness so secured was not increased in contemplation of such entity becoming a Subsidiary 
of DSV A/S or since such entity became a Subsidiary of DSV A/S. 
6. 
Fixed Rate Note Provisions 
(a) 
Application:  This Condition 6 is applicable to the Notes only if the Fixed Rate Note Provisions 
are specified in the relevant Final Terms as being applicable. 
(b) 
Accrual of interest:  The Notes bear interest from the Interest Commencement Date at the Rate of 
Interest payable in arrear on each Interest Payment Date, subject as provided in Condition 10 
(Payments - Bearer Notes) and Condition 11 (Payments - Registered Notes). Each Note will cease 
to bear interest from the due date for final redemption unless, upon due presentation, payment of 
the Redemption Amount is improperly withheld or refused, in which case it will continue to bear 
interest in accordance with this Condition 6 (as well after as before judgment) until whichever is 
the earlier of (i) the day on which all sums due in respect of such Note up to that day are received 
by or on behalf of the relevant Noteholder and (ii) the day which is seven days after the Fiscal 
Agent has notified the Noteholders that it has received all sums due in respect of the Notes up to 
such seventh day (except to the extent that there is any subsequent default in payment).  
(c) 
Fixed Coupon Amount: The amount of interest payable in respect of each Note for any Interest 
Period shall be the relevant Fixed Coupon Amount and, if the Notes are in more than one Specified 
Denomination, shall be the relevant Fixed Coupon Amount in respect of the relevant Specified 
Denomination. 
(d) 
Notes accruing interest otherwise than a Fixed Coupon Amount: This Condition 6(d) shall apply 
to Notes which are Fixed Rate Notes only where the Final Terms for such Notes specify that the 
Interest Payment Dates are subject to adjustment in accordance with the Business Day Convention 
specified therein.  The relevant amount of interest payable in respect of each Note for any Interest 
Period for such Notes shall be calculated by the Calculation Agent by multiplying the product of 
the Rate of Interest and the Calculation Amount by the relevant Day Count Fraction and rounding 
the resultant figure to the nearest sub-unit of the Specified Currency (half a sub-unit being rounded 
upwards).  The Calculation Agent shall cause the relevant amount of interest and the relevant 
Interest Payment Date to be notified to the relevant Issuer, and if applicable, the Guarantor, the 
Paying Agents) and the Noteholders in accordance with Condition 20 (Notices) and, if the Notes 
are listed on a stock exchange and the rules of such exchange so requires, such exchange as soon 
as possible after their determination or calculation but in no event later than the fourth Business 
day thereafter or, if earlier in the case of notification to the stock exchange, the time required by 
the rules of the relevant stock exchange. 
(e) 
Calculation of interest amount:  The amount of interest payable in respect of each Note for any 
period for which a Fixed Coupon Amount is not specified shall be calculated by applying the Rate 
of Interest to the Calculation Amount, multiplying the product by the relevant Day Count Fraction, 
rounding the resulting figure to the nearest sub-unit of the Specified Currency (half a sub-unit being 
rounded upwards) and multiplying such rounded figure by a fraction equal to the Specified 
Denomination of such Note divided by the Calculation Amount.  For this purpose a "sub-unit" 
means, in the case of any currency other than euro, the lowest amount of such currency that is 
available as legal tender in the country of such currency and, in the case of euro, means one cent. 
6A.  
Adjustment of Interest Rate: If this Condition 6A is specified as applicable in the relevant Final 
Terms, the Rate of Interest (in the case of Fixed Rate Notes) or the Margin (in the case of Floating 
Rate Notes) payable on the relevant Notes will be subject to adjustment in the event of either a 
Step Up Event or a Step Down Event (each such adjustment a "Rate Adjustment"). Any Rate 
Adjustment shall be effective from and including the Interest Payment Date immediately following

--- Page 51 ---
10249879381-v10 
- 51 - 
70-41048341 
 
the date of the relevant Step Up Event or the relevant Step Down Event (and the relevant Fixed 
Coupon Amount, if applicable, shall be adjusted accordingly). 
If both Step Up Event and Step Down Event are specified in the relevant Final Terms as being 
applicable, then: 
(i) 
If a Step Up Event occurs during any Interest Period following the occurrence of a Step 
Down Event in any previous Interest Period, the Rate of Interest (in respect of Fixed Rate 
Notes) or the Margin (in respect of Floating Rate Notes) shall be increased by the Step 
Up/Down Margin back to the Initial Rate of Interest (in respect of Fixed Rate Notes) or 
the initial Margin (in respect of Floating Rate Notes); 
(ii) 
If a Step Down Event occurs during any Interest Period following the occurrence of a Step 
Up Event in any previous Interest Period, the Rate of Interest (in respect of Fixed Rate 
Notes) or the Margin (in respect of Floating Rate Notes) shall be decreased by the Step 
Up/Down Margin back to the Initial Rate of Interest (in respect of Fixed Rate Notes) or 
the initial Margin (in respect of Floating Rate Notes); and 
(iii) 
if a Step Up Event and a Step Down Event occur (in equal number) during the same 
Interest Period, the Rate of Interest (in the case of Fixed Rate Notes) or the Margin (in the 
case of Floating Rate Notes) shall be neither increased nor decreased as a result of either 
such event; 
The relevant Issuer will cause each Step Up Event and each Step Down Event to be notified to the 
Fiscal Agent and, if applicable, the Guarantor and notice thereof to be published in accordance 
with Condition 20 (Notices) as soon as possible after the occurrence of the Step Up Event or the 
Step Down Event but in no event later than the tenth Business Day thereafter. 
Notwithstanding any other provision contained herein, there shall be no limit on the number of 
times that the Rate of Interest (in respect of Fixed Rate Notes) or the Margin (in the case of Floating 
Rate Notes) may be adjusted pursuant hereto during the term of the Notes provided that at no time 
during the term of the Notes will the Rate of Interest or the Margin (as applicable) be (i) less than 
the Initial Rate of Interest or the initial Margin (as applicable) minus the Step Up/Down Margin or 
(ii) more than the Initial Rate of Interest or the initial Margin (as applicable) plus the Step Up/Down 
Margin specified hereon. 
For the purposes of this Condition 6A:  
"Initial Rate of Interest" means the rate (expressed as a percentage per annum) of interest initially 
payable in respect of the Notes specified in the relevant Final Terms; and  
"Step Up Event"; "Step Down Event"; and "Step Up/Down Margin" shall have the meaning 
given in the relevant Final Terms. 
7. 
Floating Rate Note Provisions  
(a) 
Application:  This Condition 7 is applicable to the Notes only if the Floating Rate Note Provisions 
are specified in the relevant Final Terms as being applicable. 
(b) 
Accrual of interest: The Notes bear interest from the Interest Commencement Date at the Rate of 
Interest payable in arrear on each Interest Payment Date, subject as provided in Condition 10 
(Payments - Bearer Notes) and Condition 11 (Payments - Registered Notes). Each Note will cease 
to bear interest from the due date for final redemption unless, upon due presentation, payment of 
the Redemption Amount is improperly withheld or refused, in which case it will continue to bear 
interest in accordance with this Condition 7(b) (as well after as before judgment) until whichever 
is the earlier of (i) the day on which all sums due in respect of such Note up to that day are received 
by or on behalf of the relevant Noteholder and (ii) the day which is seven days after the Fiscal 
Agent has notified the Noteholders that it has received all sums due in respect of the Notes up to 
such seventh day (except to the extent that there is any subsequent default in payment). 
(c) 
Screen Rate Determination: If Screen Rate Determination is specified in the relevant Final Terms 
as the manner in which the Rate(s) of Interest is/are to be determined, the Rate of Interest applicable

--- Page 52 ---
10249879381-v10 
- 52 - 
70-41048341 
 
to the Notes for each Interest Period will be (other than in respect of Notes for which SONIA, 
SOFR or any related index is specified as the Reference Rate in the relevant Final Terms) 
determined by the Calculation Agent on the following basis: 
(i) 
if the Reference Rate is a composite quotation or customarily supplied by one entity, the 
Calculation Agent will determine the Reference Rate which appears on the Relevant 
Screen Page as of the Relevant Time on the relevant Interest Determination Date; 
(ii) 
if Linear Interpolation is specified as applicable in respect of an Interest Period in the 
applicable Final Terms, the Rate of Interest for such Interest Period shall be calculated by 
the Calculation Agent by straight-line linear interpolation by reference to two rates which 
appear on the Relevant Screen Page as of the Relevant Time on the relevant Interest 
Determination Date, where: 
(A) 
one rate shall be determined as if the relevant Interest Period were the period of 
time for which rates are available next shorter than the length of the relevant 
Interest Period; and 
(B) 
the other rate shall be determined as if the relevant Interest Period were the period 
of time for which rates are available next longer than the length of the relevant 
Interest Period; 
provided, however, that if no rate is available for a period of time next shorter or, as the 
case may be, next longer than the length of the relevant Interest Period, then the 
Calculation Agent shall determine such rate at such time and by reference to such sources 
as it determines appropriate; 
(iii) 
in any other case, the Calculation Agent will determine the arithmetic mean of the 
Reference Rates which appear on the Relevant Screen Page as of the Relevant Time on 
the relevant Interest Determination Date; 
(iv) 
if, in the case of paragraph (i) above, such rate does not appear on that page or, in the case 
of paragraph (iii) above, fewer than two such rates appear on that page or if, in either case, 
the Relevant Screen Page is unavailable, the Rate of Interest applicable to the Notes during 
such Interest Period will be the sum of the Margin and the rate or (as the case may be) the 
arithmetic mean last determined in relation to the Notes in respect of a preceding Interest 
Period. 
(d) 
ISDA Determination:  If ISDA Determination is specified in the relevant Final Terms as the manner 
in which the Rate(s) of Interest is/are to be determined, the Rate of Interest applicable to the Notes 
for each Interest Period will be the sum of the Margin and the relevant ISDA Rate where "ISDA 
Rate" in relation to any Interest Period means a rate equal to the Floating Rate that would be 
determined by the Calculation Agent under an interest rate swap transaction if the Calculation 
Agent were acting as Calculation Agent for that interest rate swap transaction under the terms of 
an agreement incorporating the ISDA Definitions and under which:  
(i) 
if the Final Terms specify either "2006 ISDA Definitions" or "2021 ISDA Definitions" as 
the applicable ISDA Definitions: 
(A) 
the Floating Rate Option is as specified in the relevant Final Terms; 
(B) 
the Designated Maturity, if applicable, is a period specified in the relevant Final 
Terms;  
(C) 
the relevant Reset Date, unless otherwise specified in the relevant Final Terms, 
has the meaning given to it in the ISDA Definitions;   
(D) 
if Linear Interpolation is specified as applicable in respect of an Interest Period in 
the applicable Final Terms, the rate for such Interest Period shall be calculated by 
the Calculation Agent by straight-line linear interpolation by reference to two 
rates based on the relevant Floating Rate Option, where:

--- Page 53 ---
10249879381-v10 
- 53 - 
70-41048341 
 
(1) 
one rate shall be determined as if the Designated Maturity were the period 
of time for which rates are available next shorter than the length of the 
relevant Interest Period; and 
(2) 
the other rate shall be determined as if the Designated Maturity were the 
period of time for which rates are available next longer than the length 
of the relevant Interest Period, 
provided, however, that if there is no rate available for a period of time next 
shorter than the length of the relevant Interest Period or, as the case may be, next 
longer than the length of the relevant Interest Period, then the Calculation Agent 
shall calculate the Rate of Interest at such time and by reference to such sources 
as the Issuer, in consultation with an Independent Adviser appointed by the Issuer , 
and such Independent Adviser acting in good faith and in a commercially 
reasonable manner, determines appropriate; 
(E) 
if the specified Floating Rate Option is an Overnight Floating Rate Option, 
Compounding is specified to be applicable in the relevant Final Terms and: 
(1) 
if Compounding with Lookback is specified as the Compounding 
Method in the relevant Final Terms then (a) Compounding with 
Lookback is the Overnight Rate Compounding Method and (b) Lookback 
is the number of Applicable Business Days specified in the relevant Final 
Terms;  
(2) 
if Compounding with Observation Period Shift is specified as the 
Compounding Method in the relevant Final Terms then (a) Compounding 
with Observation Period Shift is the Overnight Rate Compounding 
Method, (b) Observation Period Shift is the number of Observation 
Period Shift Business Days specified in the relevant Final Terms and (c) 
Observation Period Shift Additional Business Days, if applicable, are the 
days specified in the relevant Final Terms; or 
(3) 
if Compounding with Lockout is specified as the Compounding Method 
in the relevant Final Terms then (a) Compounding with Lockout is the 
Overnight Rate Compounding Method, (b) Lockout is the number of 
Lockout Period Business Days specified in the relevant Final Terms and 
(c) Lockout Period Business Days, if applicable, are the days specified 
in the relevant Final Terms; 
(F) 
if the specified Floating Rate Option is an Overnight Floating Rate Option, 
Averaging is specified to be applicable in the relevant Final Terms and:  
(1) 
if Averaging with Lookback is specified as the Averaging Method in the 
relevant Final Terms then (a) Averaging with Lookback is the Overnight 
Rate Averaging Method and (b) Lookback is the number of Applicable 
Business Days specified in the relevant Final Terms; 
(2) 
if Averaging with Observation Period Shift is specified as the Averaging 
Method in the relevant Final Terms then (a) Averaging with Observation 
Period Shift is the Overnight Rate Averaging Method, (b) Observation 
Period Shift is the number of Observation Period Shift Business Days 
specified in the relevant Final Terms and (c) Observation Period Shift 
Additional Business Days, if applicable, are the days specified in the 
relevant Final Terms; or 
(3) 
if Averaging with Lockout is specified as the Averaging Method in the 
relevant Final Terms then (a) Averaging with Lockout is the Overnight 
Rate Averaging Method, (b) Lockout is the number of Lockout Period 
Business Days specified in the relevant Final Terms and (c) Lockout

--- Page 54 ---
10249879381-v10 
- 54 - 
70-41048341 
 
Period Business Days, if applicable, are the days specified in the relevant 
Final Terms; and 
(G) 
if the specified Floating Rate Option is an Index Floating Rate Option  and Index 
Provisions are specified to be applicable in the relevant Final Terms, the 
Compounded Index Method with Observation Period Shift shall be applicable and, 
(a) Observation Period Shift is the number of Observation Period Shift Business 
Days specified in the relevant Final Terms and (b) Observation Period Shift 
Additional Business Days, if applicable, are the days specified in the relevant 
Final Terms; 
(ii) 
references in the ISDA Definitions to : 
(A) 
"Confirmation" shall be references to the relevant Final Terms; 
(B) 
"Calculation Period" shall be references to the relevant Interest Period;  
(C) 
"Termination Date" shall be references to the Maturity Date;  
(D) 
"Effective Date" shall be references to the Interest Commencement Date; and 
(iii) 
if the Final Terms specify "2021 ISDA Definitions" as being applicable: 
(A) 
"Administrator/Benchmark Event" shall be disapplied;  and  
(B) 
if the Temporary Non-Publication Fallback in respect of any specified Floating 
Rate Option is specified to be "Temporary Non-Publication Fallback – 
Alternative Rate" in the Floating Rate Matrix of the 2021 ISDA Definitions the 
reference to "Calculation Agent Alternative Rate Determination" in the definition 
of "Temporary Non-Publication Fallback – Alternative Rate" shall be replaced by 
"Temporary Non-Publication Fallback – Previous Day's Rate".   
(iv) 
Unless otherwise defined capitalised terms used in this Condition 7(d) shall have the 
meaning ascribed to them in the ISDA Definitions. 
(e) 
Maximum or Minimum Rate of Interest: If any Maximum Rate of Interest or Minimum Rate of 
Interest is specified in the relevant Final Terms, then the Rate of Interest shall in no event be greater 
than the maximum or be less than the minimum so specified. 
(f) 
Calculation of Interest Amount:  The Calculation Agent will, as soon as practicable after the time 
at which the Rate of Interest is to be determined in relation to each Interest Period, calculate the 
Interest Amount payable in respect of each Note for such Interest Period.  The Interest Amount 
will be calculated by applying the Rate of Interest for such Interest Period to the Calculation 
Amount, multiplying the product by the relevant Day Count Fraction, rounding the resulting figure 
to the nearest sub-unit of the Specified Currency (half a sub-unit being rounded upwards) and 
multiplying such rounded figure by a fraction equal to the Specified Denomination of the relevant 
Note divided by the Calculation Amount.  For this purpose a "sub-unit" means, in the case of any 
currency other than euro, the lowest amount of such currency that is available as legal tender in the 
country of such currency and, in the case of euro, means one cent.  
(g) 
Publication:  The Calculation Agent will cause each Rate of Interest and Interest Amount 
determined by it, together with the relevant Interest Payment Date, and any other amount(s) 
required to be determined by it together with any relevant payment date(s) to be notified to the 
Paying Agents and each competent authority, stock exchange and/or quotation system (if any) by 
which the Notes have then been admitted to listing, trading and/or quotation as soon as practicable 
after such determination but (in the case of each Rate of Interest, Interest Amount and Interest 
Payment Date) in any event not later than the first day of the relevant Interest Period.  Notice 
thereof shall also promptly be given to the Noteholders. The Calculation Agent will be entitled to 
recalculate any Interest Amount (on the basis of the foregoing provisions) without notice in the 
event of an extension or shortening of the relevant Interest Period.  If the Calculation Amount is 
less than the minimum Specified Denomination the Calculation Agent shall not be obliged to

--- Page 55 ---
10249879381-v10 
- 55 - 
70-41048341 
 
publish each Interest Amount but instead may publish only the Calculation Amount and the Interest 
Amount in respect of a Note having the minimum Specified Denomination.  
(h) 
Notifications etc:  All notifications, opinions, determinations, certificates, calculations, quotations 
and decisions given, expressed, made or obtained for the purposes of this Condition 7(h) by the 
Calculation Agent will (in the absence of manifest error) be binding on the Issuer, the Guarantor, 
the Paying Agents, the Noteholders and the Couponholders and (subject as aforesaid) no liability 
to any such Person will attach to the Calculation Agent in connection with the exercise or non-
exercise by it of its powers, duties and discretions for such purposes. 
(i) 
Benchmark Discontinuation:  If a Benchmark Event occurs in relation to the Reference Rate when 
the Rate of Interest (or any component part thereof) for any Interest Period remains to be 
determined by reference to such Reference Rate, then the Issuer shall use its reasonable endeavours 
to appoint an Independent Adviser, as soon as reasonably practicable, to determine a Successor 
Rate, failing which an Alternative Rate (in accordance with this Condition 7(i)) and, in either case, 
an Adjustment Spread, if any (in accordance with Condition 7(i)(cc)) and any Benchmark 
Amendments (in accordance with Condition 7(i)(dd)).  
In the absence of bad faith or fraud, the Independent Adviser shall have no liability whatsoever to 
the Issuer, the Fiscal Agent or the Noteholders for any determination made by it pursuant to this 
Condition 7(i).  
(aa) 
If (i) the Issuer is unable to appoint an Independent Adviser or (ii) the Independent Adviser 
appointed by it fails to determine a Successor Rate or, failing which, an Alternative Rate 
in accordance with this Condition 7(i) prior to the relevant Interest Determination Date, 
the Reference Rate applicable to the immediate following Interest Period shall be the 
Reference Rate applicable as at the last preceding Interest Determination Date. If there has 
not been a first Interest Payment Date, the Reference Rate shall be the Reference Rate 
applicable to the first Interest Period. For the avoidance of doubt, any adjustment pursuant 
to this Condition 7(i)(aa) shall apply to the immediately following Interest Period only. 
Any subsequent Interest Period may be subject to the subsequent operation of this 
Condition 7(i).  
(bb)  
If the Independent Adviser determines in its discretion that:  
(A)  
there is a Successor Rate, then such Successor Rate shall (subject to adjustment 
as provided in Condition 7(i)(cc)) subsequently be used in place of the Reference 
Rate to determine the Rate of Interest for the immediately following Interest 
Period and all following Interest Periods, subject to the subsequent operation of 
this Condition 7(i) in the event of a further Benchmark Event affecting the 
Successor Rate; or  
(B) 
there is no Successor Rate but that there is an Alternative Rate, then such 
Alternative Rate shall (subject to adjustment as provided in Condition 7(i)(cc)) 
subsequently be used in place of the Reference Rate to determine the Rate of 
Interest for the immediately following Interest Period and all following Interest 
Periods, subject to the subsequent operation of this Condition 7(i) in the event of 
a further Benchmark Event affecting the Alternative Rate.  
(cc)  
If the Independent Adviser determines in its discretion (A) that an Adjustment Spread is 
required to be applied to the Successor Rate or the Alternative Rate (as the case may be) 
and (B) the quantum of, or a formula or methodology for determining, such Adjustment 
Spread, then such Adjustment Spread shall apply to the Successor Rate or the Alternative 
Rate (as the case may be).  
(dd)  
If any relevant Successor Rate, Alternative Rate or Adjustment Spread is determined in 
accordance with this Condition 7(i) and the Independent Adviser determines in its 
discretion (i) that amendments to these Conditions are necessary to ensure the proper 
operation of such Successor Rate, Alternative Rate and/or Adjustment Spread (such 
amendments, the "Benchmark Amendments") and (ii) the terms of the Benchmark 
Amendments, then the Issuer shall, following consultation with the Calculation Agent (or

--- Page 56 ---
10249879381-v10 
- 56 - 
70-41048341 
 
the person specified in the applicable Final Terms Pricing Supplement as the party 
responsible for calculating the Rate of Interest and the Interest Amount(s)), subject to 
giving notice thereof in accordance with Condition 7(i)(ee), without any requirement for 
the consent or approval of relevant Noteholders, vary these Conditions to give effect to 
such Benchmark Amendments with effect from the date specified in such notice (and for 
the avoidance of doubt, the Fiscal Agent shall, at the direction and expense of the Issuer, 
consent to and effect such consequential amendments to the Agency Agreement and these 
Conditions as may be required in order to give effect to this Condition 7(i)).  
(ee)  
Any Successor Rate, Alternative Rate, Adjustment Spread and the specific terms of any 
Benchmark Amendments, determined under this Condition 7(i) will be notified promptly 
by the Issuer to the Fiscal Agent, the Calculation Agent, the Paying Agents and, in 
accordance with Condition 20 (Notices), the Noteholders. Such notice shall be irrevocable 
and shall specify the effective date of the Benchmark Amendments, if any.  
(ff) 
No later than notifying the Fiscal Agent of the same, the relevant Issuer shall deliver to 
the Fiscal Agent a certificate signed by two authorised signatories of the relevant Issuer:  
(A) 
 confirming (x) that a Benchmark Event has occurred, (y) the relevant Successor 
Rate, or, as the case may be, the relevant Alternative Rate and, (z) where 
applicable, any relevant Adjustment Spread and/or the specific terms of any 
relevant Benchmark Amendments, in each case as determined in accordance with 
the provisions of this Condition 7(i); and  
(B)  
certifying that the relevant Benchmark Amendments are necessary to ensure the 
proper operation of such relevant Successor Rate, Alternative Rate and/or 
Adjustment Spread.  
(gg) 
The Successor Rate or Alternative Rate and the Adjustment Spread (if any) and the 
Benchmark Amendments (if any) specified in such certificate will (in the absence of 
manifest error or bad faith in the determination of such Successor Rate or Alternative Rate 
and such Adjustment Spread (if any) and such Benchmark Amendments (if any)) be 
binding on the Issuer, the Guarantor, the Fiscal Agent, the Calculation Agent, the Paying 
Agents and the Noteholders.  
(hh) 
As used in this Condition 7(i):  
"Adjustment Spread" means either a spread (which may be positive, negative or zero), or the 
formula or methodology for calculating a spread, in either case, which the Independent Adviser 
determines is required to be applied to the relevant Successor Rate or the relevant Alternative Rate 
(as the case may be) in order to reduce or eliminate, to the extent reasonably practicable in the 
circumstances, any economic prejudice or benefit (as applicable) to Noteholders arising out of the 
replacement of the relevant Reference Rate and is the spread, formula or methodology which:  
(A)  
in the case of a Successor Rate, is formally recommended, or formally provided as an 
option for parties to adopt, in relation to the replacement of the Reference Rate with the 
Successor Rate by any Relevant Nominating Body; or 
(B) 
(if no such recommendation has been made, or in the case of an Alternative Rate), the 
Independent Adviser, determines is customarily applied to the relevant Successor Rate or 
Alternative Rate (as the case may be) in international debt capital markets transactions to 
produce an industry-accepted replacement rate for the Reference Rate; or    
(C)  
(if no such determination has been made) the Independent Adviser determines, is 
recognised or acknowledged as being the industry standard for over-the-counter derivative 
transactions which reference the Reference Rate, where such rate has been replaced by the 
Successor Rate or the Alternative Rate (as the case may be); or  
(D)  
(if the Independent Adviser determines that no such industry standard is recognised or 
acknowledged) the Independent Adviser determines to be appropriate to reduce or 
eliminate, to the extent reasonably practicable in the circumstances, any economic

--- Page 57 ---
10249879381-v10 
- 57 - 
70-41048341 
 
prejudice or benefit (as the case may be) to Noteholders as a result of the replacement of 
the Reference Rate with the Successor Rate or the Alternative Rate (as the case may be).  
"Alternative Rate" means an alternative benchmark or screen rate which the Independent Adviser 
determines in accordance with this Condition 7(i) is customary in market usage in the international 
debt capital markets for the purposes of determining floating rates of interest (or the relevant 
component part thereof) in the Specified Currency.  
"Benchmark Amendments" has the meaning given to it in Condition 7(i)(dd).  
"Benchmark Event" means: 
(A)  
the relevant Reference Rate has ceased to be published on the Relevant Screen Page as a 
result of such benchmark ceasing to be calculated or administered; or 
(B)  
a public statement by the administrator of the relevant Reference Rate that (in 
circumstances where no successor administrator has been or will be appointed that will 
continue publication of such Reference Rate) it has ceased publishing such Reference Rate 
permanently or indefinitely or that it will cease to do so by a specified future date (the 
"Specified Future Date"); or  
(C)  
a public statement by the supervisor of the administrator of the relevant Reference Rate 
that such Reference Rate has been or will, by a specified future date (the "Specified 
Future Date"), be permanently or indefinitely discontinued; or 
(D)  
a public statement by the supervisor of the administrator of the relevant Reference Rate 
that means that such Reference Rate will, by a specified future date (the "Specified Future 
Date"), be prohibited from being used or that its use will be subject to restrictions or 
adverse consequences, either generally or in respect of the Notes; or 
(E)  
a public statement by the supervisor of the administrator of the relevant Reference Rate 
(as applicable) that, in the view of such supervisor, such Reference Rate is or will, by a 
specified future date (the "Specified Future Date"), be no longer representative of an 
underlying market; or 
(F)  
it has or will, by a specified date within the following six months, become unlawful for 
the Calculation Agent, the Issuer or any other party to calculate any payments due to be 
made to any Noteholder using the relevant Reference Rate (as applicable) (including, 
without limitation, under the Benchmark Regulation (EU) 2016/1011, if applicable). 
Notwithstanding the sub-paragraphs above, where the relevant Benchmark Event is a public 
statement within sub-paragraph (B), (C), (D) or (E) above and the Specified Future Date in the 
public statement is more than six months after the date of that public statement, the Benchmark 
Event shall not be deemed occur until the date falling six months prior to such Specified Future 
Date. 
"Independent Adviser" means an independent financial institution of international repute or other 
independent financial adviser experienced in the international capital markets, in each case 
appointed by the Issuer at its own expense under this Condition 7(i). 
"Relevant Nominating Body" means, in respect of a benchmark or screen rate (as applicable):  
(A)  
the central bank for the currency to which the benchmark or screen rate (as applicable) 
relates, or any central bank or other supervisory authority which is responsible for 
supervising the administrator of the benchmark or screen rate (as applicable); or  
(B)  
any working group or committee sponsored by, chaired or co-chaired by or constituted at 
the request of (a) the central bank for the currency to which the benchmark or screen rate 
(as applicable) relates, (b) any central bank or other supervisory authority which is 
responsible for supervising the administrator of the benchmark or screen rate (as 
applicable), (c) a group of the aforementioned central banks or other supervisory 
authorities or (d) the Financial Stability Board or any part thereof.

--- Page 58 ---
10249879381-v10 
- 58 - 
70-41048341 
 
"Successor Rate" means a successor to or replacement of the Reference Rate which is formally 
recommended by any Relevant Nominating Body. 
7A.  Interest – Floating Rate Notes referencing SONIA 
(a)  
This Condition 7A is applicable to the Notes only if the Floating Rate Note Provisions are specified 
in the relevant Final Terms as being applicable and the "Reference Rate" is specified in the relevant 
Final Terms as being "SONIA". 
(b)  
Where "SONIA" is specified as the Reference Rate in the Final Terms, the Rate of Interest for each 
Interest Period will, subject as provided below, be Compounded Daily SONIA plus or minus (as 
specified in the relevant Final Terms) the Margin, all as determined by the Calculation Agent. 
For the purposes of this Condition 7A: 
"Compounded Daily SONIA", with respect to an Interest Period, will be calculated by the Calculation 
Agent on each Interest Determination Date in accordance with the following formula, and the resulting 
percentage will be rounded, if necessary, to the fourth decimal place, with 0.00005 being rounded upwards: 
቎ෑ൬1 + 
𝑆𝑆𝑆𝑆𝑆𝑆𝑆𝑆𝑆𝑆𝑖𝑖 x 𝑛𝑛𝑖𝑖
D
൰
𝑑𝑑𝑜𝑜
𝑖𝑖= 1
−1቏x 
D
𝑑𝑑
 
 
"d" means the number of calendar days in: 
(i) 
where "Lag" is specified as the Observation Method in the relevant Final Terms, the relevant 
Interest Period; or 
(ii) 
where "Observation Shift" is specified as the Observation Method in the relevant Final Terms, the 
relevant Observation Period; 
"D" is the number specified in the relevant Final Terms (or, if no such number is specified, 365); 
"do" means the number of London Banking Days in: 
(i) 
where "Lag" is specified as the Observation Method in the relevant Final Terms, the relevant 
Interest Period; or 
(ii) 
where "Observation Shift" is specified as the Observation Method in the relevant Final Terms, the 
relevant Observation Period; 
"i" means a series of whole numbers from one to do, each representing the relevant London Banking Day 
in chronological order from, and including, the first London Banking Day in: 
(i) 
where "Lag" is specified as the Observation Method in the relevant Final Terms, the relevant 
Interest Period; or 
(ii) 
where "Observation Shift" is specified as the Observation Method in the relevant Final Terms, the 
relevant Observation Period; 
to, and including, the last London Banking Day in such period; 
"Interest Determination Date" means, in respect of any Interest Period, the date falling p London Banking 
Days prior to the Interest Payment Date for such Interest Period (or the date falling p London Banking Days 
prior to such earlier date, if any, on which the Notes are due and payable).  
"London Banking Day" or "LBD" means any day on which commercial banks are open for general 
business (including dealing in foreign exchange and foreign currency deposits) in London;

--- Page 59 ---
10249879381-v10 
- 59 - 
70-41048341 
 
"ni" for any London Banking Day "i", in the relevant Interest Period or Observation Period (as applicable) 
is the number of calendar days from, and including, such London Banking Day "i" up to, but excluding, the 
following London Banking Day; 
"Observation Period" means, in respect of an Interest Period, the period from, and including, the date 
falling "p" London Banking Days prior to the first day of such Interest Period (and the first Interest Period 
shall begin on and include the Interest Commencement Date) and ending on, but excluding, the date which 
is p London Banking Days prior to the Interest Payment Date for such Interest Period (or the date falling p 
London Banking Days prior to such earlier date, if any, on which the Notes become due and payable); 
"p" for any Interest Period or Observation Period (as applicable), means the number of London Banking 
Days specified as the "Lag Period" or the "Observation Shift Period" (as applicable) in the relevant Final 
Terms or if no such period is specified, five London Banking Days; 
"SONIA Reference Rate" means, in respect of any London Banking Day, a reference rate equal to the 
daily Sterling Overnight Index Average ("SONIA") rate for such London Banking Day as provided by the 
administrator of SONIA to authorised distributors and as then published on the Relevant Screen Page (or 
if the Relevant Screen Page is unavailable, as otherwise is published by such authorised distributors) on the 
London Banking Day immediately following such London Banking Day; and 
"SONIAi" means the SONIA Reference Rate for: 
(i) 
where "Lag" is specified as the Observation Method in the relevant Final Terms, the London 
Banking Day falling "p" London Banking Days prior to the relevant London Banking Day "i"; or 
(ii) 
where "Observation Shift" is specified as the Observation Method in the relevant Final Terms; the 
relevant London Banking Day "i"; 
For the avoidance of doubt, the formula for the calculation of Compounded Daily SONIA only 
compounds the SONIA Reference Rate in respect of any London Banking Day. The SONIA 
Reference Rate applied to a day that is a non-London Banking Day will be taken by applying the 
SONIA Reference Rate for the previous London Banking Day but without compounding. 
(iii) 
If, in respect of any London Banking Day in the relevant Interest Period or Observation Period (as 
applicable), the Calculation Bank determines that the SONIA Reference Rate is not available on 
the Relevant Screen Page and has not otherwise been published by the relevant authorised 
distributors, such SONIA Reference Rate shall, subject to Condition 7(i), be:  
(A) 
the sum of (a) the Bank of England's Bank Rate (the "Bank Rate") prevailing at 
close of business on the relevant London Banking Day; and (b) the mean of the 
spread of the SONIA Reference Rate to the Bank Rate over the previous five 
London Banking Days on which a SONIA Reference Rate has been published, 
excluding the highest spread (or, if there is more than one highest spread, one 
only of those highest spreads) and lowest spread (or, if there is more than one 
lowest spread, one only of those lowest spreads) to the Bank Rate; or 
(B) 
if the Bank Rate is not published by the Bank of England at close of business on 
the relevant London Banking Day, (a) the SONIA Reference Rate published on 
the Relevant Screen Page (or otherwise published by the relevant authorised 
distributors) for the first preceding London Banking Day on which the SONIA 
Reference Rate was published on the Relevant Screen Page (or otherwise 
published by the relevant authorised distributors) or (b) if this is more recent, the 
latest determined rate under (A). 
Subject to Condition 7(i), if the Rate of Interest cannot be determined in accordance with the foregoing 
provisions of this Condition 7A, the Rate of Interest shall be (A) that determined as at the last preceding 
Interest Determination Date (though substituting, where a different Margin is to be applied to the relevant 
Interest Period from that which applied to the last preceding Interest Period, the Margin relating to the 
relevant Interest Period, in place of the Margin relating to that last preceding Interest Period) or (B) if there 
is no such preceding Interest Determination Date, the initial Rate of Interest which would have been 
applicable to the Notes for the first Interest Period had the Notes been in issue for a period equal in duration

--- Page 60 ---
10249879381-v10 
- 60 - 
70-41048341 
 
to the scheduled first Interest Period but ending on (and excluding) the Interest Commencement Date (but 
applying the Margin applicable to the first Interest Period). 
If the Notes become due and payable in accordance with Condition 13 (Events of default), the final Interest 
Determination Date shall, notwithstanding the definition specified above, be deemed to be the date on 
which the Notes became due and payable and the Rate of Interest on the Notes shall, for so long as the 
Notes remain outstanding, be the rate determined on such date. 
7B.  Interest – Floating Rate Notes referencing SOFR 
(i) 
This Condition 7B is applicable to the Notes only if the Floating Rate Note Provisions are 
specified in the relevant Final Terms as being applicable and the "Reference Rate" is 
specified in the relevant Final Terms as being "SOFR". 
(ii) 
Where "SOFR" is specified as the Reference Rate in the Final Terms, the Rate of Interest 
for each Interest Period will, subject as provided below, be the Benchmark plus or minus 
(as specified in the relevant Final Terms) the Margin, all as determined by the Calculation 
Agent on each Interest Determination Date. 
(iii) 
For the purposes of this Condition 7B: 
"Benchmark" means Compounded SOFR, which is a compounded average of daily 
SOFR, as determined for each Interest Period in accordance with the specific formula and 
other provisions set out in this 7B. 
Daily SOFR rates will not be published in respect of any day that is not a U.S. Government 
Securities Business Day, such as a Saturday, Sunday or holiday. For this reason, in 
determining Compounded SOFR in accordance with the specific formula and other 
provisions set forth herein, the daily SOFR rate for any U.S. Government Securities 
Business Day that immediately precedes one or more days that are not U.S. Government 
Securities Business Days will be multiplied by the number of calendar days from and 
including such U.S. Government Securities Business Day to, but excluding, the following 
U.S. Government Securities Business Day.  
If the Issuer determines that a Benchmark Transition Event and its related Benchmark 
Replacement Date have occurred in respect of Compounded SOFR (or the daily SOFR 
used in the calculation hereof) prior to the relevant SOFR Determination Time, then the 
provisions under Condition 7B (iv) below will apply.  
"Compounded SOFR" with respect to any Interest Period, means the rate of return of a 
daily compound interest investment computed in accordance with the following formula 
(and the resulting percentage will be rounded, if necessary, to the nearest one hundred-
thousandth of a percentage point, with 0.000005 being rounded upwards to 0.00001): 
቎ෑ൬1 + 𝑆𝑆𝑆𝑆𝑆𝑆𝑆𝑆𝑖𝑖 𝑥𝑥 𝑛𝑛𝑖𝑖
𝐷𝐷
൰−1
𝑑𝑑𝑜𝑜
𝑖𝑖=1
቏ 𝑥𝑥 𝐷𝐷
𝑑𝑑 
"d" is the number of calendar days in: 
(i) 
where "Lag" is specified as the Observation Method in the relevant Final Terms, 
the relevant Interest Period; or  
(ii) 
where "Observation Shift" is specified as the Observation Method in the relevant 
Final Terms, the relevant Observation Period. 
"D" is the number specified in the relevant Final Terms (or, if no such number is specified, 
360); 
"do" is the number of U.S. Government Securities Business Days in:

--- Page 61 ---
10249879381-v10 
- 61 - 
70-41048341 
 
(i) 
where "Lag" is specified as the Observation Method in the relevant Final Terms, 
the relevant Interest Period; or  
(ii) 
where "Observation Shift" is specified as the Observation Method in the relevant 
Final Terms, the relevant Observation Period. 
"i" is a series of whole numbers from one to do, each representing the relevant U.S. 
Government Securities Business Day in chronological order from, and including, the first 
U.S. Government Securities Business Day in: 
(i) 
where "Lag" is specified as the Observation Method in the relevant Final Terms, 
the relevant Interest Period; or  
(ii) 
where "Observation Shift" is specified as the Observation Method in the relevant 
Final Terms, the relevant Observation Period, 
to and including the last U.S. Government Securities Business Day in such period; 
"Interest Determination Date" means, in respect of any Interet Period, the date falling 
"p" U.S. Government Securities Business Days prior to the Interest Payment Date for such 
Interest Period (or the date falling "p" U.S. Government Securities Business Days prior to 
such earlier date, if any, on which the Notes are due and payable); 
"ni" for any U.S. Government Securities Business Day "i" in the relevant Interest Period 
or Observation Period (as applicable), is the number of calendar days from, and including, 
such U.S. Government Securities Business Day "i" to, but excluding, the following U.S. 
Government Securities Business Day ("i+1"); 
"Observation Period" in respect of an Interest Period means the period from, and 
including, the date falling "p" U.S. Government Securities Business Days preceding the 
first day in such Interest Period (and the first Interest Period shall begin on and include the 
Interest Commencement Date) to, but excluding, the date falling "p" U.S. Government 
Securities Business Days preceding the Interest Payment Date for such Interest Period (or 
the date falling "p" U.S. Government Securities Business Days prior to such earlier date, 
if any, on which the Notes become due and payable); 
"p" for any Interest Period or Observation Period (as applicable) means the number of 
U.S. Government Securities Business Days specified as the "Lag Period" or the 
"Observation Shift Period" (as applicable) in the relevant Final Terms or if no such period 
is specified, five U.S. Government Securities Business Days; 
"SOFR" with respect to any U.S. Government Securities Business Day, means:  
(i) 
the Secured Overnight Financing Rate published for such U.S. Government 
Securities Business Day as such rate appears on the SOFR Administrator's 
Website at 3:00 p.m. (New York time) on the immediately following U.S. 
Government Securities Business Day (the "SOFR Determination Time"); or 
(ii) 
Subject to Condition 7B(iv) below, if the rate specified in (i) above does not so 
appear, the Secured Overnight Financing Rate as published in respect of the first 
preceding U.S. Government Securities Business Day for which the Secured 
Overnight Financing Rate was published on the SOFR Administrator's Website; 
"SOFR Administrator" means the Federal Reserve Bank of New York (or a successor 
administrator of the Secured Overnight Financing Rate);  
"SOFR Administrator's Website" means the website of the Federal Reserve Bank of 
New York, or any successor source;  
"SOFRi" means the SOFR for:

--- Page 62 ---
10249879381-v10 
- 62 - 
70-41048341 
 
(i) 
where "Lag" is specified as the Observation Method in the applicable Final 
Terms, the U.S. Government Securities Business Day falling "p" U.S. 
Government Securities Business Days prior to the relevant U.S. Government 
Securities Business Day "i"; or 
(ii) 
where "Observation Shift" is specified as the Observation Method in the relevant 
Final Terms, the relevant U.S. Government Securities Business Day "i"; and 
"U.S. Government Securities Business Day" means any day except for a Saturday, a 
Sunday or a day on which the Securities Industry and Financial Markets Association 
recommends that the fixed income departments of its members be closed for the entire day 
for purposes of trading in U.S. government securities. 
(iv) 
If the Issuer determines on or prior to the relevant Reference Time that a Benchmark 
Transition Event and its related Benchmark Replacement Date have occurred with respect 
to the then-current Benchmark, the Benchmark Replacement will replace the then-current 
Benchmark for all purposes relating to the Notes in respect of all determinations on such 
date and for all determinations on all subsequent dates. In connection with the 
implementation of a Benchmark Replacement, the Issuer will have the right to make 
Benchmark Replacement Conforming Changes from time to time, without any 
requirement for the consent or approval of the Noteholders. 
Any determination, decision or election that may be made by the Issuer pursuant to this 
section, including any determination with respect to a tenor, rate or adjustment or of the 
occurrence or non-occurrence of an event, circumstance or date and any decision to take 
or refrain from taking any action or any selection:  
(i)  
will be conclusive and binding absent manifest error;  
(ii) 
 will be made in the sole discretion of the Issuer; and  
(iii)  
notwithstanding anything to the contrary in the documentation relating to the 
Notes, shall become effective without consent from the holders of the Notes or 
any other party.  
"Benchmark" means, initially, Compounded SOFR, as such term is defined above; 
provided that if the Issuer determines on or prior to the Reference Time that a Benchmark 
Transition Event and its related Benchmark Replacement Date have occurred with respect 
to Compounded SOFR (or the published daily SOFR used in the calculation thereof) or 
the then-current Benchmark, then "Benchmark" shall mean the applicable Benchmark 
Replacement.  
"Benchmark Replacement" means the first alternative set forth in the order below that 
can be determined by the Issuer as of the Benchmark Replacement Date: 
(i) 
the sum of: (A) the alternate rate of interest that has been selected or 
recommended by the Relevant Governmental Body as the replacement for the 
then-current Benchmark and (B) the Benchmark Replacement Adjustment;  
(ii) 
the sum of: (A) the ISDA Fallback Rate and (B) the Benchmark Replacement 
Adjustment; or  
(iii) 
the sum of: (A) the alternate rate of interest that has been selected by the Issuer 
as the replacement for the then-current Benchmark giving due consideration to 
any industry-accepted rate of interest as a replacement for the then-current 
Benchmark for U.S. dollar-denominated floating rate notes at such time and (B) 
the Benchmark Replacement Adjustment;  
"Benchmark Replacement Adjustment" means the first alternative set forth in the order 
below that can be determined by the issuer or its designee as of the Benchmark 
Replacement Date:

--- Page 63 ---
10249879381-v10 
- 63 - 
70-41048341 
 
(i)  
the spread adjustment, or method for calculating or determining such spread 
adjustment, (which may be a positive or negative value or zero) that has been 
selected or recommended by the Relevant Governmental Body for the applicable 
Unadjusted Benchmark Replacement;  
(ii)  
if the applicable Unadjusted Benchmark Replacement is equivalent to the ISDA 
Fallback Rate, the ISDA Fallback Adjustment; or  
(iii) 
the spread adjustment (which may be a positive or negative value or zero) that 
has been selected by the Issuer giving due consideration to any industry-accepted 
spread adjustment, or method for calculating or determining such spread 
adjustment, for the replacement of the then-current Benchmark with the 
applicable Unadjusted Benchmark Replacement for U.S. dollar-denominated 
floating rate notes at such time; 
"Benchmark Replacement Conforming Changes" means, with respect to any 
Benchmark Replacement, any technical, administrative or operational changes (including 
changes to the timing and frequency of determining rates and making payments of interest, 
rounding of amounts or tenors, and other administrative matters) that the Issuer decides 
may be appropriate to reflect the adoption of such Benchmark Replacement in a manner 
substantially consistent with market practice (or, if the Issuer decides that adoption of any 
portion of such market practice is not administratively feasible or if the Issuer determines 
that no market practice for use of the Benchmark Replacement exists, in such other manner 
as the Issuer determines is reasonably necessary);  
"Benchmark Replacement Date" means the earliest to occur of the following events with 
respect to the then-current Benchmark (including the daily published component used in 
the calculation thereof):  
(i)  
in the case of clause (i) or (ii) of the definition of "Benchmark Transition Event," 
the later of (a) the date of the public statement or publication of information 
referenced therein and (b) the date on which the administrator of the Benchmark 
permanently or indefinitely ceases to provide the Benchmark (or such 
component); or  
(ii)  
in the case of clause (iii) of the definition of "Benchmark Transition Event," the 
date of the public statement or publication of information referenced therein.  
For the avoidance of doubt, if the event that gives rise to the Benchmark Replacement 
Date occurs on the same day as, but earlier than, the Reference Time in respect of any 
determination, the Benchmark Replacement Date will be deemed to have occurred prior 
to the Reference Time for such determination;  
"Benchmark Transition Event" means the occurrence of one or more of the following 
events with respect to the then-current Benchmark (including the daily published 
component used in the calculation thereof):  
(i)  
a public statement or publication of information by or on behalf of the 
administrator of the Benchmark (or such component) announcing that such 
administrator has ceased or will cease to provide the Benchmark (or such 
component), permanently or indefinitely, provided that, at the time of such 
statement or publication, there is no successor administrator that will continue to 
provide the Benchmark (or such component); or  
(ii)  
a public statement or publication of information by the regulatory supervisor for 
the administrator of the Benchmark (or such component), the central bank for the 
currency of the Benchmark (or such component), an insolvency official with 
jurisdiction over the administrator for the Benchmark (or such component), a 
resolution authority with jurisdiction over the administrator for the Benchmark 
(or such component) or a court or an entity with similar insolvency or resolution 
authority over the administrator for the Benchmark, which states that the

--- Page 64 ---
10249879381-v10 
- 64 - 
70-41048341 
 
administrator of the Benchmark (or such component) has ceased or will cease to 
provide the Benchmark (or such component) permanently or indefinitely, 
provided that, at the time of such statement or publication, there is no successor 
administrator that will continue to provide the Benchmark (or such component); 
or  
(iii) 
 a public statement or publication of information by the regulatory supervisor for 
the administrator of the Benchmark announcing that the Benchmark is no longer 
representative; 
"ISDA Fallback Adjustment" means the spread adjustment (which may be a positive or 
negative value or zero) that would apply for derivatives transactions referencing the 2006 
ISDA Definitions to be determined upon the occurrence of an index cessation event with 
respect to the Benchmark;  
"ISDA Fallback Rate" means the rate that would apply for derivatives transactions 
referencing the 2006 ISDA Definitions to be effective upon the occurrence of an index 
cessation date with respect to the Benchmark for the applicable tenor excluding the 
applicable ISDA Fallback Adjustment;  
"Reference Time" with respect to any determination of the Benchmark means (i) if the 
Benchmark is Compounded SOFR, the SOFR Determination Time, and (ii) if the 
Benchmark is not Compounded SOFR, the time determined by the Issuer after giving 
effect to the Benchmark Replacement Conforming Changes;  
"Relevant Governmental Body" means the Federal Reserve Board and/or the Federal 
Reserve Bank of New York, or a committee officially endorsed or convened by the Federal 
Reserve Board and/or the Federal Reserve Bank of New York or any successor thereto; 
and  
"Unadjusted Benchmark Replacement" means the Benchmark Replacement excluding 
the Benchmark Replacement Adjustment. 
(v) 
Any Benchmark Replacement, Benchmark Replacement Adjustment and the specific 
terms of any Benchmark Replacement Conforming Changes, determined under Condition 
7B(iv) above will be notified promptly by the Issuer to the Fiscal Agent, the Calculation 
Agent, the Paying Agents and, in accordance with Condition 20 (Notices), the Noteholders. 
Such notice shall be irrevocable and shall specify the effective date on which such changes 
take effect.  
No later than notifying the Fiscal Agent of the same, the Issuer shall deliver to the Fiscal 
Agent a certificate signed by two authorised signatories of the Issuer:  
(A) 
confirming (x) that a Benchmark Transition Event has occurred, (y) the relevant 
Benchmark Replacement and, (z) where applicable, any Benchmark Replacement 
Adjustment and/or the specific terms of any relevant Benchmark Replacement 
Conforming Changes, in each case as determined in accordance with the 
provisions of this Condition 7B; and  
(B)  
certifying that the relevant Benchmark Replacement Conforming Changes are 
necessary to ensure the proper operation of such Benchmark Replacement and/or 
Benchmark Replacement Adjustment. 
(vi) 
If the Rate of Interest cannot be determined in accordance with the foregoing provisions 
of this Condition 7B, the Rate of Interest shall be (A) that determined as at the last 
preceding Interest Determination Date (though substituting, where a different Margin is 
to be applied to the relevant Interest Period from that which applied to the last preceding 
Interest Period, the Margin relating to the relevant Interest Period, in place of the Margin 
relating to that last preceding Interest Period) or (B) if there is no such preceding Interest 
Determination Date, the initial Rate of Interest which would have been applicable to the 
Notes for the first Interest Period had the Notes been in issue for a period equal in duration

--- Page 65 ---
10249879381-v10 
- 65 - 
70-41048341 
 
to the scheduled first Interest Period but ending on (and excluding) the Interest 
Commencement Date (but applying the Margin applicable to the first Interest Period). 
8. 
Zero Coupon Note Provisions  
(a) 
Application:  This Condition 8 is applicable to the Notes only if the Zero Coupon Note Provisions 
are specified in the relevant Final Terms as being applicable.  
(b) 
Late payment on Zero Coupon Notes:  If the Redemption Amount payable in respect of any Zero 
Coupon Note is improperly withheld or refused, the Redemption Amount shall thereafter be an 
amount equal to the sum of: 
(i) 
the Reference Price; and  
(ii) 
the product of the Accrual Yield (compounded annually) being applied to the Reference 
Price on the basis of the relevant Day Count Fraction from (and including) the Issue Date 
to (but excluding) whichever is the earlier of (i) the day on which all sums due in respect 
of such Note up to that day are received by or on behalf of the relevant Noteholder and (ii) 
the day which is seven days after the Fiscal Agent has notified the Noteholders that it has 
received all sums due in respect of the Notes up to such seventh day (except to the extent 
that there is any subsequent default in payment).  
9. 
Redemption and Purchase 
(a) 
Scheduled redemption: Unless previously redeemed, or purchased and cancelled, the Notes will be 
redeemed at their Final Redemption Amount on the Maturity Date, subject as provided in 
Condition 10 (Payments– Bearer Notes). 
(b) 
Redemption for tax reasons:  The Notes may be redeemed at the option of the Issuer in whole, but 
not in part: 
(i) 
at any time (if the Floating Rate Note Provisions are not specified in the relevant Final 
Terms as being applicable); or 
(ii) 
on any Interest Payment Date (if the Floating Rate Note Provisions are specified in the 
relevant Final Terms as being applicable), on giving not less than 15 nor more than 60 
days' notice to the Noteholders, or such other period(s) as may be specified in the relevant 
final terms, (which notice shall be irrevocable), at their Early Redemption Amount (Tax), 
together with interest accrued (if any) to the date Fixed for redemption, if: 
(A) 
the Issuer has or will become obliged to pay additional amounts as provided or 
referred to in Condition 12 (Taxation) or the Guarantor is unable to procure 
payment by the Issuer and in making payment itself would be required to pay such 
additional amounts, in each case as a result of any change in, or amendment to, 
the laws or regulations of the Relevant Jurisdiction or any political subdivision or 
any authority thereof or therein having power to tax, or any change in the 
application or official interpretation of such laws or regulations (including a 
holding by a court of competent jurisdiction), which change or amendment 
becomes effective on or after the date of issue of the first Tranche of the Notes; 
and  
(B) 
such obligation cannot be avoided by the Issuer or, as the case may be, the 
Guarantor taking reasonable measures available to it, 
provided, however, that no such notice of redemption shall be given earlier than: 
(1) 
where the Notes may be redeemed at any time, 90 days (or such other 
period as may be specified in the relevant final terms) prior to the earliest 
date on which the Issuer or, as the case may be, the Guarantor would be 
obliged to pay such additional amounts or the Issuer or, as the case may 
be, the Guarantor would be obliged to make such withholding or 
deduction if a payment in respect of the Notes were then due or (as the

--- Page 66 ---
10249879381-v10 
- 66 - 
70-41048341 
 
case may be) a demand under the Guarantee of the Notes were then made; 
or 
(2) 
where the Notes may be redeemed only on an Interest Payment Date, 60 
days (or such other period as may be specified in the relevant final terms) 
prior to the Interest Payment Date occurring immediately before the 
earliest date on which the Issuer or, as the case may be, the Guarantor 
would be obliged to pay such additional amounts or the relevant Issuer 
or, as the case may be, the Guarantor would be obliged to make such 
withholding or deduction if a payment in respect of the Notes were then 
due (or the case may be) a demand under the Guarantee of the Notes were 
then made. 
Prior to the publication of any notice of redemption pursuant to this paragraph, 
the Issuer shall deliver to the Fiscal Agent (A) a certificate signed by two directors 
of the Issuer or, as the case may be, two authorised signatories of the Guarantor, 
stating that the relevant Issuer is entitled to effect such redemption and setting 
forth a statement of facts showing that the conditions precedent to the right of the 
relevant Issuer so to redeem have occurred of and (B) an opinion of independent 
legal advisers of recognised standing to the effect that the relevant Issuer or, as 
the case may be, the Guarantor has or will become obliged to pay such additional 
amounts as a result of such change or amendment.  Upon the expiry of any such 
notice as is referred to in this Condition 9(b), the relevant Issuer shall be bound 
to redeem the Notes in accordance with this Condition 9(b). 
(c) 
Redemption at the option of the Issuer: If the Call Option is specified in the relevant Final Terms 
as being applicable, the Notes may be redeemed at the option of the Issuer in whole or, if so 
specified in the relevant Final Terms, in part on any Optional Redemption Date (Call) on the 
Issuer's giving not less than 30 nor more than 60 days' notice to the Noteholders, or such other 
period(s) as may be specified in the relevant Final Terms (which notice shall be irrevocable, but 
may (at the option of the Issuer) be conditional on one or more conditions precedent being satisfied, 
or waived by the relevant Issuer, and shall oblige the Issuer to redeem the Notes or, as the case 
may be, the Notes specified in such notice on the relevant Optional Redemption Date (Call) at the 
applicable amount specified in the relevant Final Terms (together, if appropriate, with accrued 
interest to (but excluding) the relevant Optional Redemption Date (Call)) at one of: 
(i)  
the Optional Redemption Amount (Call); or 
(ii) 
the Make Whole Redemption Price. 
The "Make Whole Redemption Price" will, in respect of Notes to be redeemed, be: 
(i) 
if "Sterling Make Whole Redemption Amount" is specified as being applicable in the 
relevant Final Terms an amount equal to the higher of (i) 100 per cent. of the principal 
amount of such Notes and (ii) the principal amount of such Notes multiplied by the price 
(expressed as a percentage), as reported in writing to the Issuer by the Determination 
Agent, if applicable, at which the Gross Redemption Yield on such Notes on the Reference 
Date is equal to the sum of (x) the Gross Redemption Yield (as determined by reference 
to the middle market price) at the Quotation Time on the Reference Date of the Reference 
Bond, plus (y) the Redemption Margin, as determined by the Determination Agent; or  
(ii) 
if "Non-Sterling Make Whole Redemption Amount" is specified in the applicable Final 
Terms an amount equal to the higher of (i) 100 per cent. of the principal amount of such 
Notes and (ii) the principal amount of such Notes multiplied by the price (expressed as a 
percentage), as reported in writing to the Issuer by the Determination Agent, if applicable, 
at which the yield to maturity (or, if applicable, yield to the Par Redemption Date) on such 
Notes on the Reference Date is equal to the sum of (x) the Reference Bond Rate at the 
Quotation Time on the Reference Date, plus (y) the Redemption Margin, as determined 
by the Determination Agent,

--- Page 67 ---
10249879381-v10 
- 67 - 
70-41048341 
 
provided however that, in the case of either (i) or (ii) above, if the Optional Redemption Date (Call) 
occurs on or after the Par Redemption Date (if any) specified in the relevant Final Terms, the Make-
Whole Redemption Price will be equal to 100 per cent of the principal amount of the Notes. 
(d) 
Partial redemption:  If the Notes are to be redeemed in part only on any date in accordance with 
Condition 9(c) (Redemption at the option of the Issuer), in the case of Bearer Notes, the Notes to 
be redeemed shall be selected by the drawing of lots in such place as the Fiscal Agent approves 
and in such manner as the Fiscal Agent considers appropriate, subject to compliance with 
applicable law, the rules of each competent authority, stock exchange and/or quotation system (if 
any) by which the Notes have then been admitted to listing, trading and/or quotation and the notice 
to Noteholders referred to in Condition 9(c) (Redemption at the option of the Issuer) shall specify 
the serial numbers of the Notes so to be redeemed and, in the case of Registered Notes, each Note 
shall be redeemed in part in the proportion which the aggregate principal amount of the outstanding 
Notes to be redeemed on the relevant Optional Redemption Date (Call) bears to the aggregate 
principal amount of outstanding Notes on such date. If any Maximum Redemption Amount or 
Minimum Redemption Amount is specified in the relevant Final Terms, then the Optional 
Redemption Amount (Call) shall in no event be greater than the maximum or be less than the 
minimum so specified. 
(e) 
Redemption upon the occurrence of a Special Redemption Event (Issuer Call): If Special 
Redemption Event (Issuer Call) is specified as applicable in the relevant Final Terms, upon the 
occurrence of a Special Redemption Event, the relevant Issuer (if the Basis of the Call is specified 
as being Mandatory in the applicable Final Terms) shall or (if the Basis of the Call is specified as 
being Optional in the applicable Final Terms) may, on giving not less than 10 nor more than 30 
days’ notice to Noteholders in accordance with Condition 20 (Notices) during the Special 
Redemption Option Period (as specified in the applicable Final Terms), redeem all (but not some 
only) of the Notes then outstanding at the Special Redemption Amount (as specified in the relevant 
Final Terms), together with any interest accrued to, but excluding, the date set for redemption. 
All Notes in respect of which any such notice is given shall be redeemed, on the date specified in 
such notice in accordance with this Condition. 
For the purposes of this Condition: 
a "Special Redemption Event" shall be deemed to have occurred if the Group: (i) has not 
completed and closed the acquisition of the Acquisition Target (as specified in the relevant Final 
Terms) by the Special Redemption Longstop Date (as specified in the relevant Final Terms); or (ii) 
has published an announcement that it no longer intends to pursue the acquisition of the Acquisition 
Target. 
(f) 
Clean-up Call option of the Issuer: If the Clean-up Call Option is specified in the relevant Final 
Terms as being applicable, in the event that Notes representing an aggregate amount equal to or 
exceeding the Minimum Percentage have been purchased or redeemed and cancelled by the Issuer  
(other than as a result of the exercise by the relevant Issuer of its redemption right under Condition 
9(c) (Redemption at the option of the Issuer)), the Issuer may, on giving not less than 30 nor more 
than 60 days' irrevocable notice to the Noteholders (or such other notice period as may be specified 
hereon), redeem on the date specified in such notice all, but not some only, of the remaining Notes 
in that Series at their Early Redemption Amount together with any interest accrued to but excluding 
the date set for redemption. 
(g) 
Redemption at the option of Noteholders: If the Put Option is specified in the relevant Final Terms 
as being applicable, the Issuer shall, at the option of the Holder of any Note redeem such Note on 
the Optional Redemption Date (Put) specified in the relevant Put Option Notice at the relevant 
Optional Redemption Amount (Put) together with interest (if any) accrued to such date.  In order 
to exercise the option contained in this Condition 9(g), the Holder of a Note must, not less than 30 
nor more than 60 days before the relevant Optional Redemption Date (Put) (or such other period(s) 
as may be specified in the relevant final terms), deposit with any Paying Agent such Note together 
with all unmatured Coupons relating thereto and a duly completed Put Option Notice in the form 
obtainable from any Paying Agent.  The Paying Agent with which a Note is so deposited shall 
deliver a duly completed Put Option Receipt to the depositing Noteholder.  No Note, once 
deposited with a duly completed Put Option Notice in accordance with this Condition 9(g), may

--- Page 68 ---
10249879381-v10 
- 68 - 
70-41048341 
 
be withdrawn; provided, however, that if, prior to the relevant Optional Redemption Date (Put), 
any such Note becomes immediately due and payable or, upon due presentation of any such Note 
on the relevant Optional Redemption Date (Put), payment of the redemption moneys is improperly 
withheld or refused, the relevant Paying Agent shall mail notification thereof to the depositing 
Noteholder at such address as may have been given by such Noteholder in the relevant Put Option 
Notice and shall hold such Note at its Specified Office for collection by the depositing Noteholder 
against surrender of the relevant Put Option Receipt. For so long as any outstanding Note is held 
by a Paying Agent in accordance with this Condition 9(g), the depositor of such Note and not such 
Paying Agent shall be deemed to be the holder of such Note for all purposes. 
(h) 
Change of Control Put Option: If this Condition 9(h) is specified as applicable in the relevant Final 
Terms, if at any time while any Note remains outstanding, there occurs:  
(i) 
a Change of Control (as defined below), and, within the Change of Control Period, a 
Rating Event in respect of that Change of Control occurs (such Change of Control and 
Rating Event not having been cured prior to the expiry of the Change of Control Period), 
or  
(ii) 
a Change of Control (as defined below), and, on the occurrence of the Change of Control, 
the Issuer is not rated by any Rating Agency, 
(each, a "Change of Control Put Event"), each Noteholder will have the option (the "Change of 
Control Put Option") (unless, prior to the giving of the Change of Control Put Event Notice (as 
defined below), the Issuer gives notice to redeem the Notes under Condition 9(b) (Redemption for 
tax reasons) or 9(c) to require the Issuer to redeem or, at the Issuer's option, to procure the purchase 
of, all or part of its Notes, on the Optional Redemption Date (as defined below) at the Optional 
Redemption Amount of such Notes together with (or where purchased, together with an amount 
equal to) interest accrued to, but excluding, the Optional Redemption Date. 
Where: 
A "Change of Control" shall occur if any person and/or any party or parties acting in concert (as 
defined in the Danish Executive Order no. 636 of 15 May 2020 on takeover bids), individually or 
together shall own, acquire or control or will be unconditionally entitled to own, acquire or control, 
in each case more than 50 per cent. of the issued fully paid ordinary shares in the capital of DSV 
A/S or more than 50 per cent. of the Voting Rights. 
"Shareholders" means the holders of fully paid ordinary shares in the capital of DSV A/S. 
"Voting Rights" means the right generally to vote at a general meeting of Shareholders 
(irrespective of whether or not, at the time, stock of any other class or classes shall have, or might 
have, voting power by reason of the happening of any contingency) or to elect the majority of the 
members of the board of directors or other governing body of the Issuer. 
"Rating Agency"" means Moody's and its successors, S&P and its successors, and/or, any other 
rating agency of equivalent standing notified by the relevant Issuer to the Noteholders and the 
Fiscal Agent in accordance with Condition 20 (Notices). 
A "Rating Event" shall be deemed to have occurred in respect of a Change of Control if (within 
the Change of Control Period) (A) the rating previously assigned to the Notes or to DSV A/S by 
any Rating Agency solicited by (or with the consent of) DSV A/S is (x) withdrawn or (y) changed 
from an investment grade rating BBB-/Baa3 or its equivalent for the time being, or better) to a non-
investment grade rating BB+/Ba1 or its equivalent for the time being, or worse) or (z) (if the rating 
previously assigned to the Notes or to DSV A/S by any Rating Agency solicited by (or with the 
consent of) DSV A/S was below an investment grade rating (as described above)), lowered by at 
least one full rating notch (for example, from BB+ to BB, or their respective equivalents) and (B) 
such rating is not within the Change of Control Period subsequently upgraded (in the case of a 
downgrade) or reinstated (in the case of a withdrawal) either to an investment grade credit rating 
(in the case of (x) and (y)) or to its earlier credit rating or better (in the case of (z)) by such Rating 
Agency, provided that the Rating Agency making the reduction in rating announces or publicly 
confirms or, having been so requested by DSV A/S, informs DSV A/S in writing that the lowering

--- Page 69 ---
10249879381-v10 
- 69 - 
70-41048341 
 
of the rating or the failure to assign an investment grade rating was the result, in whole or in part, 
of the applicable Change of Control (whether or not the applicable Change of Control shall have 
occurred at the time of the Rating Event). If on the Relevant Announcement Date DSV A/S or the 
Notes carry a credit rating from more than one Rating Agency, at least one of which is an 
investment grade rating, then sub-paragraph (z) above will not apply. 
"Change of Control Period" means the period beginning on the date (the "Relevant 
Announcement Date") that is the earlier of (A) the first public announcement by or on behalf of 
DSV A/S or any bidder or any designated advisor, of the relevant Change of Control; and (B) the 
date of the earliest Potential Change of Control Announcement, and ending 90 days after the 
Relevant Announcement Date (such 90th day, the "Initial Longstop Date"); provided that, unless 
any other Rating Agency has on or prior to the Initial Longstop Date effected a Rating Event in 
respect of its rating of DSV A/S if a Rating Agency publicly announces, at any time during the 
period commencing on the date which is 60 days prior to the Initial Longstop Date and ending on 
the Initial Longstop Date, that it has placed its rating of DSV A/S under consideration for rating 
review either entirely or partially as a result of the relevant public announcement of the Change of 
Control or Potential Change of Control Announcement, the Change of Control Period shall be 
extended to the date which falls 60 days after the date of such public announcement by such Rating 
Agency.  
"Potential Change of Control Announcement" means any public announcement or statement by 
DSV A/S, any actual or potential bidder or any designated adviser thereto relating to any specific 
and near-term potential Change of Control (where "near-term" shall mean that such potential 
Change of Control is reasonably likely to occur, or is publicly stated by DSV A/S, any such actual 
or potential bidder or any such designated adviser to be intended to occur, within 180 days of the 
date of such announcement of statement). 
Promptly upon DSV A/S becoming aware that a Change of Control Put Event has occurred, DSV 
A/S shall give notice (a "Change of Control Put Event Notice") to the Noteholders in accordance 
with Condition 20 (Notices) specifying the nature of the Change of Control Put Event and the 
circumstances giving rise to it and the procedure for exercising the Change of Control Put Option 
contained in this Condition 9(h). 
To exercise the Change of Control Put Option, a Noteholder must transfer or cause to be transferred 
its Notes to be so redeemed or purchased to the account of the Fiscal Agent specified in the Change 
of Control Put Option Notice (as defined below) for the account of the Issuer within the period (the 
"Change of Control Put Period") of 45 days after a Change of Control Put Event Notice is given 
together with a duly signed and completed notice of exercise in the then current form obtainable 
from the Fiscal Agent (a "Change of Control Put Option Notice") and in which the Noteholder 
may specify a bank account to which payment is to be made under this Condition 9(h). 
A Change of Control Put Option Notice once given shall be irrevocable.  The Issuer shall redeem 
or, at the option of the Issuer procure the purchase of, the Notes in respect of which the Change of 
Control Put Option has been validly exercised as provided above, and subject to the transfer of 
such Notes to the account of the Fiscal Agent for the account of the Issuer as described above by 
the date which is the fifth Business Day following the end of the Change of Control Put Period (the 
"Optional Redemption Date").  Payment in respect of such Notes will be made on the Optional 
Redemption Date by transfer to the bank account specified in the Change of Control Put Option 
Notice.   
For the avoidance of doubt, neither the Issuer nor, if applicable, the Guarantor shall have any 
responsibility for any cost or loss of whatever kind (including breakage costs) which the 
Noteholder may incur as a result of or in connection with such Noteholder's exercise or purported 
exercise of, or otherwise in connection with, any Change of Control Put Option (whether as a result 
of any purchase or redemption arising therefrom or otherwise). 
If 80 per cent. or more in principal amount of the Notes then outstanding have been redeemed 
pursuant to this Condition 9(h), the Issuer may, on not less than 30 nor more than 60 days' 
irrevocable notice to the Noteholders in accordance with Condition 20 (Notices) given within 30 
days after the Optional Redemption Date, redeem on a date to be specified in such notice at its

--- Page 70 ---
10249879381-v10 
- 70 - 
70-41048341 
 
option, all (but not some only) of the remaining Notes at their Optional Redemption Amount, 
together with interest accrued to but excluding the date of redemption. 
(i) 
No other redemption:  The Issuer shall not be entitled to redeem the Notes otherwise than as 
provided in paragraphs (a) to (f) above. 
(j) 
Early redemption of Zero Coupon Notes:  Unless otherwise specified in the relevant Final Terms, 
the Redemption Amount payable on redemption of a Zero Coupon Note at any time before the 
Maturity Date shall be an amount equal to the sum of: 
(i) 
the Reference Price; and 
(ii) 
the product of the Accrual Yield (compounded annually) being applied to the Reference 
Price from (and including) the Issue Date to (but excluding) the date Fixed for redemption 
or (as the case may be) the date upon which the Note becomes due and payable. 
Where such calculation is to be made for a period which is not a whole number of years, the 
calculation in respect of the period of less than a full year shall be made on the basis of such Day 
Count Fraction as may be specified in the Final Terms for the purposes of this Condition 9(j) or, if 
none is so specified, a Day Count Fraction of 30E/360. 
(k) 
Purchase:  The Issuer, the Guarantor or any of their respective Subsidiaries may at any time 
purchase Notes in the open market or otherwise and at any price and such Notes may be held, 
resold or, at the option of the Issuer or the Guarantor surrendered to any Paying Agent for 
cancellation provided that if the Notes are to be cancelled, they are purchased together with all 
unmatured Coupons and unexchanged Talons cancelled with them. 
(l) 
Cancellation:  All Notes redeemed and any unmatured Coupons or unexchanged Talons attached 
to or surrendered with them shall be cancelled and all Notes so cancelled and any Notes cancelled 
pursuant to Condition 9(k) (Purchase) above together with all unmatured Coupons and 
unexchanged Talons cancelled with them may not be issued or resold. 
10. 
Payments – Bearer Notes 
This Condition 10 is only applicable to Bearer Notes. 
(a) 
Principal:  Payments of principal shall be made only against presentation and (provided that 
payment is made in full) surrender of Bearer Notes at the Specified Office of any Paying Agent 
outside the United States by cheque drawn in the currency in which the payment is due on, or by 
transfer to an account denominated in that currency (or, if that currency is euro, any other account 
to which euro may be credited or transferred) and maintained by the payee with, a bank in the 
Principal Financial Centre of that currency. 
(b) 
Interest:  Payments of interest shall, subject to paragraph (g) below, be made only against 
presentation and (provided that payment is made in full) surrender of the appropriate Coupons at 
the Specified Office of any Paying Agent outside the United States in the manner described in 
paragraph (a) above.  
(c) 
Payments in New York City:  Payments of principal or interest may be made at the Specified Office 
of a Paying Agent in New York City if (i) the Issuer has appointed Paying Agents outside the 
United States with the reasonable expectation that such Paying Agents will be able to make 
payment of the full amount of the interest on the Notes in the currency in which the payment is due 
when due, (ii) payment of the full amount of such interest at the offices of all such Paying Agents 
is illegal or effectively precluded by exchange controls or other similar restrictions and (iii) 
payment is permitted by applicable United States law. 
(d) 
Payments subject to fiscal laws:  All payments in respect of the Bearer Notes are subject in all 
cases to (i) any applicable fiscal or other laws and regulations in the place of payment, but without 
prejudice to the provisions of Condition 12 (Taxation) and (ii) any withholding or deduction 
required pursuant to an agreement described in Section 1471(b) of the U.S. Internal Revenue Code 
of 1986 (the "Code") or otherwise imposed pursuant to Sections 1471 through 1474 of the Code, 
any regulations or agreements thereunder, any official interpretations thereof, or (without prejudice

--- Page 71 ---
10249879381-v10 
- 71 - 
70-41048341 
 
to the provisions of Condition 12 (Taxation)) any law implementing an intergovernmental 
approach thereto. 
(e) 
Commissions or Expenses:  No commissions or expenses shall be charged to the Noteholders or 
Couponholders in respect of such payments. 
(f) 
Deductions for unmatured Coupons:  If the relevant Final Terms specifies that the Fixed Rate Note 
Provisions are applicable and a Bearer Note is presented without all unmatured Coupons relating 
thereto: 
(i) 
if the aggregate amount of the missing Coupons is less than or equal to the amount of 
principal due for payment, a sum equal to the aggregate amount of the missing Coupons 
will be deducted from the amount of principal due for payment; provided, however, that 
if the gross amount available for payment is less than the amount of principal due for 
payment, the sum deducted will be that proportion of the aggregate amount of such 
missing Coupons which the gross amount actually available for payment bears to the 
amount of principal due for payment; 
(ii) 
if the aggregate amount of the missing Coupons is greater than the amount of principal 
due for payment: 
(A) 
so many of such missing Coupons shall become void (in inverse order of maturity) 
as will result in the aggregate amount of the remainder of such missing Coupons 
(the "Relevant Coupons") being equal to the amount of principal due for 
payment; provided, however, that where this sub-paragraph (A) would 
otherwise require a fraction of a missing Coupon to become void, such missing 
Coupon shall become void in its entirety; and 
(B) 
a sum equal to the aggregate amount of the Relevant Coupons (or, if less, the 
amount of principal due for payment) will be deducted from the amount of 
principal due for payment; provided, however, that, if the gross amount 
available for payment is less than the amount of principal due for payment, the 
sum deducted will be that proportion of the aggregate amount of the Relevant 
Coupons (or, as the case may be, the amount of principal due for payment) which 
the gross amount actually available for payment bears to the amount of principal 
due for payment. 
Each sum of principal so deducted shall be paid in the manner provided in paragraph (a) 
above against presentation and (provided that payment is made in full) surrender of the 
relevant missing Coupons.  
(g) 
Unmatured Coupons void: If the relevant Final Terms specifies that this Condition 10(g) is 
applicable or that the Floating Rate Note Provisions are applicable, on the due date for final 
redemption of any Note or early redemption in whole of such Note pursuant to Condition 9(b) 
(Redemption for tax reasons), Condition 9(g) (Redemption at the option of Noteholders), Condition 
9(c) (Redemption at the option of the Issuer) or Condition 13 (Events of Default), all unmatured 
Coupons relating thereto (whether or not still attached) shall become void and no payment will be 
made in respect thereof. 
(h) 
Payments on business days:  If the due date for payment of any amount in respect of any Bearer 
Note or Coupon is not a Payment Business Day in the place of presentation, the Holder shall not 
be entitled to payment in such place of the amount due until the next succeeding Payment Business 
Day in such place and shall not be entitled to any further interest or other payment in respect of 
any such delay. 
(i) 
Payments other than in respect of matured Coupons:  Payments of interest other than in respect of 
matured Coupons shall be made only against presentation of the relevant Bearer Notes at the 
Specified Office of any Paying Agent outside the United States (or in New York City if permitted 
by paragraph (c) above).

--- Page 72 ---
10249879381-v10 
- 72 - 
70-41048341 
 
(j) 
Partial payments: If a Paying Agent makes a partial payment in respect of any Bearer Note or 
Coupon presented to it for payment, such Paying Agent will endorse thereon a statement indicating 
the amount and date of such payment. 
(k) 
Exchange of Talons:  On or after the maturity date of the final Coupon which is (or was at the time 
of issue) part of a Coupon Sheet relating to the Bearer Notes, the Talon forming part of such 
Coupon Sheet may be exchanged at the Specified Office of the Fiscal Agent for a further Coupon 
Sheet (including, if appropriate, a further Talon but excluding any Coupons in respect of which 
claims have already become void pursuant to Condition 14 (Prescription).  Upon the due date for 
redemption of any Bearer Note, any unexchanged Talon relating to such Note shall become void 
and no Coupon will be delivered in respect of such Talon. 
11. 
Payments - Registered Notes 
This Condition 11 is only applicable to Registered Notes. 
(a) 
Principal:  Payments of principal shall be made by cheque drawn in the currency in which the 
payment is due drawn on, or, upon application by a Holder of a Registered Note to the Specified 
Office of the Fiscal Agent not later than the fifteenth day before the due date for any such payment, 
by transfer to an account denominated in that currency (or, if that currency is euro, any other 
account to which euro may be credited or transferred) and maintained by the payee with, a bank in 
the Principal Financial Centre of that currency (in the case of a sterling cheque, a town clearing 
branch of a bank in the City of London) and (in the case of redemption) upon surrender (or, in the 
case of part payment only, endorsement) of the relevant Note Certificates at the Specified Office 
of any Paying Agent. 
(b) 
Interest:  Payments of interest shall be made by cheque drawn in the currency in which the payment 
is due drawn on, or, upon application by a Holder of a Registered Note to the Specified Office of 
the Fiscal Agent not later than the fifteenth day before the due date for any such payment, by 
transfer to an account denominated in that currency (or, if that currency is euro, any other account 
to which euro may be credited or transferred) and maintained by the payee with, a bank in the 
Principal Financial Centre of that currency (in the case of a sterling cheque, a town clearing branch 
of a bank in the City of London) and (in the case of interest payable on redemption) upon surrender 
(or, in the case of part payment only, endorsement) of the relevant Note Certificates at the Specified 
Office of any Paying Agent. 
(c) 
Payments subject to fiscal laws:  All payments in respect of the Registered Notes are subject in all 
cases to any applicable fiscal or other laws and regulations in the place of payment, but without 
prejudice to the provisions of Condition 12 (Taxation) and (ii) any withholding or deduction 
required pursuant to an agreement described in Section 1471(b) of the U.S. Internal Revenue Code 
of 1986 (the "Code") or otherwise imposed pursuant to Sections 1471 through 1474 of the Code, 
any regulations or agreements thereunder, any official interpretations thereof, or (without prejudice 
to the provisions of Condition 12 (Taxation)) any law implementing an intergovernmental 
approach thereto.  No commissions or expenses shall be charged to the Noteholders in respect of 
such payments. 
(d) 
Payments on business days:  Where payment is to be made by transfer to an account, payment 
instructions (for value the due date, or, if the due date is not Payment Business Day, for value the 
next succeeding Payment Business Day) will be initiated and, where payment is to be made by 
cheque, the cheque will be mailed (i) (in the case of payments of principal and interest payable on 
redemption) on the later of the due date for payment and the day on which the relevant Note 
Certificate is surrendered (or, in the case of part payment only, endorsed) at the Specified Office 
of a Paying Agent and (ii) (in the case of payments of interest payable other than on redemption) 
on the due date for payment.  A Holder of a Registered Note shall not be entitled to any interest or 
other payment in respect of any delay in payment resulting from (A) the due date for a payment 
not being a Payment Business Day or (B) a cheque mailed in accordance with this Condition 11 
arriving after the due date for payment or being lost in the mail. 
(e) 
Partial payments:  If a Paying Agent makes a partial payment in respect of any Registered Note, 
the Issuer shall procure that the amount and date of such payment are noted on the Register and, in

--- Page 73 ---
10249879381-v10 
- 73 - 
70-41048341 
 
the case of partial payment upon presentation of a Note Certificate, that a statement indicating the 
amount and the date of such payment is endorsed on the relevant Note Certificate. 
(f) 
Record date:  Each payment in respect of a Registered Note will be made to the person shown as 
the Holder in the Register at the opening of business in the place of the Registrar's Specified Office 
on the fifteenth day before the due date for such payment (the "Record Date").  Where payment 
in respect of a Registered Note is to be made by cheque, the cheque will be mailed to the address 
shown as the address of the Holder in the Register at the opening of business on the relevant Record 
Date. 
12. 
Taxation 
(a) 
Gross up:  All payments of principal and interest in respect of the Notes and the Coupons by or on 
behalf of the Issuer and, if applicable, the Guarantor shall be made free and clear of, and without 
withholding or deduction for or on account of, any present or future taxes, duties, assessments or 
governmental charges of whatever nature imposed, levied, collected, withheld or assessed by or on 
behalf of the Relevant Jurisdiction or any political subdivision therein or any authority therein or 
thereof having power to tax, unless the withholding or deduction of such taxes, duties, assessments, 
or governmental charges is required by law.  In that event, the Issuer or (as the case may be) the 
Guarantor shall pay such additional amounts as will result in receipt by the Noteholders and the 
Couponholders after such withholding or deduction of such amounts as would have been received 
by them had no such withholding or deduction been required, except that no such additional 
amounts shall be payable in respect of any Note or Coupon: 
(i) 
held by or on behalf of a Holder which is liable to such taxes, duties, assessments or 
governmental charges in respect of such Note or Coupon by reason of its having some 
connection with the jurisdiction by which such taxes, duties, assessments or charges have 
been imposed, levied, collected, withheld or assessed other than the mere holding of the 
Note or Coupon; or 
(ii) 
where the relevant Note or Coupon or Note Certificate is presented or surrendered for 
payment more than 30 days after the Relevant Date except to the extent that the Holder of 
such Note or Coupon would have been entitled to such additional amounts on presenting 
or surrendering such Note or Coupon or Note Certificate for payment on the last day of 
such period of 30 days. 
(b) 
Taxing jurisdiction:  the "Relevant Jurisdiction" means the Kingdom of Denmark (in the case of 
payments by DSV A/S), or the Netherlands (in the case of payments by DSV Finance B.V.), or in 
either case any political subdivision or any authority thereof or therein having the power to tax or 
any other jurisdiction or political subdivision or any authority thereof or therein having power to 
tax to which payments made by the relevant Issuer or (as the case may be) the Guarantor of 
principal or interest on the Notes or Coupons becomes generally subject to tax, and shall be 
construed to include any taxing jurisdiction to which the Issuer or Guarantor, as applicable, 
becomes subject at any time. 
13. 
Events of Default 
If any of the following events ("Events of Default") occurs and is continuing: 
(a) 
Non-payment: the Issuer (or, as the case may be, the Guarantor) fails to pay (or, in the case of a 
payment of purchase moneys due under Condition 9(h) (Change of Control Put Option), fails to 
procure the payment of) the principal of or any interest on any of the Notes when due and such 
failure continues for a period of five days in the case of principal and 14 days in the case of interest; 
or 
(b) 
Breach of other obligations: the Issuer or, if applicable, the Guarantor does not perform or comply 
with any one or more of its other obligations under or in respect of the Notes and such default is 
incapable of remedy or is not remedied within 30 days after notice of such default shall have been 
given to the Fiscal Agent at its Specified Office by any Noteholder; or

--- Page 74 ---
10249879381-v10 
- 74 - 
70-41048341 
 
(c) 
Cross-acceleration of the Issuers, the Guarantor or Subsidiary:   
(i) 
any Financial Indebtedness of any Issuer, or the Guarantor or any of its Subsidiaries is not 
paid when due or within any originally applicable grace period; 
(ii) 
any Financial Indebtedness of any Issuer, or the Guarantor or any of its Subsidiaries is 
declared to be or otherwise becomes due and payable prior to its specified maturity as a 
result of an event of default (however described); 
(iii) 
any Issuer, or the Guarantor or any of its Subsidiaries fails to pay when due or (as the case 
may be) within any applicable grace period any amount payable by it under any Guarantee 
of any Financial Indebtedness; 
(iv) 
any commitment for any Financial Indebtedness of the Issuer, or the Guarantor or any of 
its Subsidiaries is cancelled or suspended by a creditor of any Issuer, or the Guarantor or 
any of its Subsidiaries as a result of an event of default (however described),  
provided that no event of default will occur under this paragraph (c) unless the aggregate amount 
of the Financial Indebtedness or commitments for Financial Indebtedness falling within (i) to (iv) 
(without double counting) above is equal to or greater than EUR 50,000,000 (or its equivalent in 
any other currency or currencies); or 
(d) 
the relevant Issuer, the Guarantor or the Group ceases or threatens to cease to carry on all or a 
substantial part of its business, except: (A) for the purposes of reorganisation on terms previously 
approved by an Extraordinary Resolution of Noteholders; or (B) (other than in respect of the Issuer) 
save for the purposes of an amalgamation, merger, consolidation, reorganisation, reconstruction or 
other similar arrangement, (i) under which all or a substantial part of its assets are transferred to a 
third party or parties (whether associated or not) for full consideration received by the relevant 
Issuer or a Subsidiary on an arm's length basis or (ii) under which all or substantially all of its 
assets are transferred and the transferee is or immediately upon such transfer becomes a Subsidiary; 
or 
(e) 
the relevant Issuer, the Guarantor or the Group stops or threatens to stop payment of, or is unable 
to, or admits inability to, pay its debts as they fall due or is deemed unable to pay its debts pursuant 
to or for the purposes of any applicable law, or is adjudicated or found bankrupt or insolvent; or 
(f) 
proceedings are initiated against the relevant Issuer, the Guarantor or in respect of the Group under 
any applicable liquidation, insolvency, composition, reorganisation or other similar laws or an 
application is made for the appointment of an administrative or other receiver, manager, 
administrator or other similar official, or an administrative or other receiver, manager, 
administrator or other similar official is appointed, in relation to the relevant Issuer, the Guarantor 
or a substantial part of the Group or an encumbrancer takes possession of a substantial part of the 
relevant Issuer, the Guarantor or the Group, or a distress, execution, attachment, sequestration or 
other process is levied, enforced upon, sued out or put in force against the relevant Issuer, the 
Guarantor or a substantial part of the Group, and (B) in any such case (other than the appointment 
of an administrator) is not discharged within 30 Business Days; or 
(g) 
Enforcement of Security Interest: any Security Interest given by any member of the Group or any 
of its Subsidiaries for Financial Indebtedness becomes enforceable by reason of default or a distress, 
attachment, execution or other legal process ("Enforcement Proceeding") is levied, enforced or 
sued out on or against any part of the property, assets or revenues of any member of the Group or 
any of its Subsidiaries and: (i) the Enforcement Proceeding is not discharged or stayed within 30 
days and (ii) the aggregate amount of any such Enforcement Proceeding to be discharged or stayed 
is in excess of EUR 50,000,000; or 
(h) 
Illegality: it is or will become unlawful for the relevant Issuer or the Guarantor to perform or 
comply with any one or more of their respective obligations under any of the Notes; or 
(i) 
Analogous Events: any event occurs which under the laws of the Kingdom of Denmark or, if 
applicable, the Netherlands has an analogous effect to any of the events referred to in, paragraph 
(d), paragraph (e), paragraph (f) and paragraph (g) of this Condition 13.

--- Page 75 ---
10249879381-v10 
- 75 - 
70-41048341 
 
(j) 
Wholly-Owned Subsidiary: if, in the case of Notes issued by DSV Finance B.V., DSV Finance B.V. 
ceases to be a subsidiary wholly owned and controlled, directly or indirectly, by DSV A/S; or 
(k) 
Guarantee not in force: if the Guarantee of the Notes ceases to be, or is claimed by DSV Finance 
B.V. or the Guarantor not to be, in full force and effect,  
then any Note may, by written notice addressed by the Holder thereof to the relevant Issuer and 
the Guarantor and delivered to the relevant Issuer and the Guarantor or to the Specified Office of 
the Fiscal Agent, be declared immediately due and payable, whereupon it shall become 
immediately due and payable at its Early Termination Amount together with accrued interest (if 
any) without further action or formality. Notice of any such declaration shall promptly be given to 
the Noteholders. 
For the purposes of this Condition 13: 
"Financial Indebtedness" means any indebtedness for or in respect of: 
(i) 
moneys borrowed; 
(ii) 
any amount raised by acceptance under any acceptance credit facility or dematerialised 
equivalent; 
(iii) 
any amount raised pursuant to any note purchase facility or the issue of bonds, notes, 
debentures, loan stock or any similar instrument; 
(iv) 
the amount of any liability in respect of any lease or hire purchase contract which would, 
in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles in Denmark or, if applicable, 
the Netherlands (including international financial reporting standards), be treated as a 
finance or capital lease (other than any liability in respect of a lease or hire purchase 
contract which would, in accordance with GAAP in force prior to 1 January 2019, have 
been treated as an operating lease); 
(v) 
receivables sold or discounted (other than any receivables to the extent they are sold on a 
non-recourse basis); 
(vi) 
any amount raised under any other transaction (including any forward sale or purchase 
agreement) having the commercial effect of a borrowing; 
(vii) 
any counter-indemnity obligation in respect of a guarantee, indemnity, bond, standby or 
documentary letter of credit or any other instrument issued by a bank or financial 
institution; 
(viii) 
the amount of any liability in respect of any guarantee or indemnity for any of the items 
referred to in paragraph (i) to (vii) above; and 
(ix) 
any derivative transaction entered into in connection with protection against or benefit 
from fluctuation in any rate or price. 
14. 
Prescription 
Claims for principal in respect of Bearer Notes shall become void unless the relevant Bearer Notes 
are presented for payment within ten years of the appropriate Relevant Date.  Claims for interest 
in respect of Bearer Notes shall become void unless the relevant Coupons are presented for 
payment within five years of the appropriate Relevant Date.  Claims for principal and interest on 
redemption in respect of Registered Notes shall become void unless the relevant Note Certificates 
are surrendered for payment within ten years of the appropriate Relevant Date. 
15. 
Replacement of Notes and Coupons 
If any Note, Note Certificate or Coupon is lost, stolen, mutilated, defaced or destroyed, it may be 
replaced at the Specified Office of the Fiscal Agent, in the case of Bearer Notes, or the Registrar, 
in the case of Registered Notes (and, if the Notes are then admitted to listing, trading and/or

--- Page 76 ---
10249879381-v10 
- 76 - 
70-41048341 
 
quotation by any competent authority, stock exchange and/or quotation system which requires the 
appointment of a Paying Agent or Transfer Agent in any particular place, the Paying Agent or 
Transfer Agent having its Specified Office in the place required by such competent authority, stock 
exchange and/or quotation system), subject to all applicable laws and competent authority, stock 
exchange and/or quotation system requirements, upon payment by the claimant of the expenses 
incurred in connection with such replacement and on such terms as to evidence, security, indemnity 
and otherwise as the relevant Issuer may reasonably require.  Mutilated or defaced Notes, Note 
Certificates or Coupons must be surrendered before replacements will be issued. 
16. 
Agents 
In acting under the Agency Agreement and in connection with the Notes and the Coupons, the 
Paying Agents act solely as agents of the Issuers and the Guarantor and do not assume any 
obligations towards or relationship of agency or trust for or with any of the Noteholders or 
Couponholders. 
The initial Agents and their initial Specified Offices are listed below.  The initial Calculation Agent 
(if any) is specified in the relevant Final Terms.  The Issuers and the Guarantor reserve the right 
any time to vary or terminate the appointment of any Agent and to appoint a successor fiscal agent 
or registrar or Calculation Agent and additional or successor paying agents; provided, however, 
that:  
(a) 
the relevant Issuer shall at all times maintain a fiscal agent and a registrar; and 
(b) 
if a Calculation Agent is specified in the relevant Final Terms, the relevant Issuer shall at 
all times maintain a Calculation Agent; and 
(c) 
if and for so long as the Notes are admitted to listing, trading and/or quotation by any 
competent authority, stock exchange and/or quotation system which requires the 
appointment of a Paying Agent and/or a Transfer Agent in any particular place, the 
relevant Issuer shall maintain a Paying Agent and/or a Transfer Agent having its Specified 
Office in the place required by such competent authority, stock exchange and/or quotation 
system. 
Notice of any change in any of the Agents or in their Specified Offices shall promptly be given to 
the Noteholders. 
17. 
Meetings of Noteholders; Modification and Waiver 
(a) 
Meetings of Noteholders: The Agency Agreement contains provisions for convening meetings of 
Noteholders to consider matters relating to the Notes, including the modification of any provision 
of these Conditions.  Any such modification may be made if sanctioned by an Extraordinary 
Resolution.  Such a meeting may be convened by the relevant Issuer and the Guarantor (acting 
together) and shall be convened by the relevant Issuer and the Guarantor upon the request in writing 
of Noteholders holding not less than one-tenth of the aggregate principal amount of the outstanding 
Notes.  The quorum at any meeting convened to vote on an Extraordinary Resolution will be two 
or more Persons holding or representing one more than half of the aggregate principal amount of 
the outstanding Notes or, at any adjourned meeting, two or more Persons being or representing 
Noteholders whatever the principal amount of the Notes held or represented; provided, however, 
that Reserved Matters may only be sanctioned by an Extraordinary Resolution passed at a meeting 
of Noteholders at which two or more Persons holding or representing not less than two-thirds or, 
at any adjourned meeting, one quarter of the aggregate principal amount of the outstanding Notes 
form a quorum.  Any Extraordinary Resolution duly passed at any such meeting shall be binding 
on all the Noteholders and Couponholders, whether present or not. 
Any such meeting of the Noteholders may be convened at a physical location, or such other method 
(which may include, without limitation, a conference call or video conference) as the Fiscal Agent 
may determine in accordance with the provisions of the Agency Agreement. 
In addition, a resolution in writing signed by or on behalf of all Noteholders who for the time being 
are entitled to receive notice of a meeting of Noteholders will take effect as if it were an

--- Page 77 ---
10249879381-v10 
- 77 - 
70-41048341 
 
Extraordinary Resolution.  Such a resolution in writing may be contained in one document or 
several documents in the same form, each signed by or on behalf of one or more Noteholders. 
(b) 
Modification and waiver:  The Notes, the Deed of Covenant, the Deed of Guarantee and these 
Conditions may be amended without the consent of the Noteholders or the Couponholders to 
correct a manifest error.  In addition, the parties to the Agency Agreement may agree to modify 
any provision thereof, but the Issuers and the Guarantor, if applicable, shall not agree, without the 
consent of the Noteholders, to any such modification unless it is of a formal, minor or technical 
nature, it is made to correct a manifest error or it is, in the opinion of such parties, not materially 
prejudicial to the interests of the Noteholders. 
18. 
Substitution 
The relevant Issuer, or any previously substituted company, may at any time, without the consent 
of the Noteholders or the Couponholders, substitute for itself as principal debtor under the Notes 
and the Coupons, DSV A/S or a Subsidiary of DSV A/S (the "Substitute") in the manner specified 
in the Agency Agreement, provided that no payment in respect of the Notes or the Coupons is at 
the relevant time overdue. The substitution shall be made by a deed poll (the "Deed Poll"), to be 
substantially in the form exhibited to the Agency Agreement, and may take place only if: 
(i) 
the Substitute shall have become party to the Agency Agreement mutatis mutandis, as if 
it had been an original party thereto and the Substitute shall enter into a deed of covenant 
on the same terms as the Deed of Covenant, mutatis mutandis; 
(ii) 
the Substitute shall, by means of the Deed Poll, agree to indemnify each Noteholder, and 
Couponholder against any withholding, tax, duty, assessment or governmental charge 
which is imposed on it by (or by any authority in or of) the jurisdiction of the country of 
the Substitute's residence for tax purposes and/or, if different, of its incorporation with 
respect to any Note, Coupon or Deed of Covenant and which would not have been so 
imposed had the substitution not been made, as well as against any withholding, tax, duty, 
assessment or governmental charge, and any cost or expense, relating to the substitution; 
(iii) 
where the Substitute is not DSV A/S, the obligations of the Substitute under the Deed Poll, 
the Agency Agreement, the Deed of Covenant, the Notes, and the Coupons shall be 
unconditionally and irrevocably guaranteed by DSV A/S substantially in the form of the 
guarantee contained in the Deed Poll; 
(iv) 
all action, conditions and things required to be taken, fulfilled and done (including the 
obtaining of any necessary consents) to ensure that the Deed Poll, the Agency Agreement, 
the Deed of Covenant, the Notes, and Coupons, mutatis mutandis represent valid, legally 
binding and enforceable obligations of the Substitute and in the case of the Deed Poll of 
DSV A/S have been taken, fulfilled and done and are in full force and effect; 
(v) 
the Substitute, if incorporated in a jurisdiction other than England, shall have appointed 
an agent to receive, for and on its behalf, service of process in any Proceedings (as defined 
in Condition 23(b) (English courts)) in England; 
(vi) 
each listing authority and stock exchange (if any) on which the Notes are then admitted to 
listing or trading shall have confirmed that, following the proposed substitution, the Notes 
will be admitted to listing or trading by such listing authority or stock exchange; 
(vii) 
legal opinions, subject to customary assumptions and qualifications, addressed to the 
Noteholders shall have been delivered to them (care of the Fiscal Agent) from a lawyer or 
firm of lawyers with a leading securities practice in each jurisdiction referred to in (ii) 
above and in England as to the fulfilment of the preceding conditions of this Condition 18 
and the other matters specified in the Deed Poll; and 
(viii) 
the relevant Issuer shall have given at least 14 days' prior notice in accordance with 
Condition 20 (Notices) of such substitution to the Noteholders stating that copies, or, 
pending execution, the agreed text, of all documents in relation to the substitution which 
are referred to above, or which might otherwise reasonably be regarded as material to

--- Page 78 ---
10249879381-v10 
- 78 - 
70-41048341 
 
Noteholders, will be available for inspection at the specified office of each of the Paying 
Agents. 
References in Condition 13 (Events of Default) to obligations under the Notes shall be deemed to 
include obligations under the Deed Poll. 
19. 
Further Issues 
The relevant Issuer may from time to time, without the consent of the Noteholders or the 
Couponholders, create and issue further notes having the same terms and conditions as the Notes 
in all respects (or in all respects except for the first payment of interest) so as to form a single series 
with the Notes. 
20. 
Notices 
(a) 
Bearer Notes:  Notices to the Holders of Bearer Notes shall be valid if published in a leading 
English language daily newspaper published in London (which is expected to be the Financial 
Times) and, if the Bearer Notes are admitted to trading on Euronext Dublin and it is a requirement 
of applicable law or regulations, published on the website of Euronext Dublin 
(www.euronext.com/en/markets/dublin) or in either case, if such publication is not practicable, in 
a leading English language daily newspaper having general circulation in Europe.  Any such notice 
shall be deemed to have been given on the date of first publication (or if required to be published 
in more than one newspaper, on the first date on which publication shall have been made in all the 
required newspapers).  Couponholders shall be deemed for all purposes to have notice of the 
contents of any notice given to the Holders of Bearer Notes. 
(b) 
Registered Notes:  Notices to the Holders of Registered Notes shall be sent to them by first class 
mail (or its equivalent) or (if posted to an overseas address) by airmail at their respective addresses 
on the Register and, if the Registered Notes are admitted to trading on Euronext Dublin and it is a 
requirement of applicable law or regulations, a leading newspaper having general circulation in 
Ireland or published on the website of Euronext Dublin (www.euronext.com/en/markets/dublin) or 
in either case, if such publication is not practicable, in a leading English language daily newspaper 
having general circulation in Europe.  Any such notice shall be deemed to have been given on the 
fourth day after the date of mailing. 
21. 
Currency Indemnity 
If any sum due from the relevant Issuer or the Guarantor in respect of the Notes or the Guarantee 
of the Notes or the Coupons or any order or judgment given or made in relation thereto has to be 
converted from the currency (the "first currency") in which the same is payable under these 
Conditions or such order or judgment into another currency (the "second currency") for the 
purpose of (a) making or filing a claim or proof against the relevant Issuer or the Guarantor, (b) 
obtaining an order or judgment in any court or other tribunal or (c) enforcing any order or judgment 
given or made in relation to the Notes or the Guarantee of the Notes, the relevant Issuer or, if 
applicable, the Guarantor shall indemnify each Noteholder, on the written demand of such 
Noteholder addressed to the relevant Issuer or, if applicable, the Guarantor and delivered to the 
relevant Issuer or, if applicable, the Guarantor, or to the Specified Office of the Fiscal Agent, 
against any loss suffered as a result of any discrepancy between (i) the rate of exchange used for 
such purpose to convert the sum in question from the first currency into the second currency and 
(ii) the rate or rates of exchange at which such Noteholder may in the ordinary course of business 
purchase the first currency with the second currency upon receipt of a sum paid to it in satisfaction, 
in whole or in part, of any such order, judgment, claim or proof. 
This indemnity constitutes a separate and independent obligation of the relevant Issuer and the 
Guarantor and shall give rise to a separate and independent cause of action. 
22. 
Rounding 
For the purposes of any calculations referred to in these Conditions (unless otherwise specified in 
these Conditions or the relevant Final Terms), (a) all percentages resulting from such calculations 
will be rounded, if necessary, to the nearest one hundred-thousandth of a percentage point (with 
0.000005 per cent. being rounded up to 0.00001 per cent.), (b) all United States dollar amounts

--- Page 79 ---
10249879381-v10 
- 79 - 
70-41048341 
 
used in or resulting from such calculations will be rounded to the nearest cent (with one half cent 
being rounded up), (c) all Japanese Yen amounts used in or resulting from such calculations will 
be rounded downwards to the next lower whole Japanese Yen amount, and (d) all amounts 
denominated in any other currency used in or resulting from such calculations will be rounded to 
the nearest two decimal places in such currency, with 0.005 being rounded upwards. 
23. 
Governing Law and Jurisdiction 
(a) 
Governing law:  The Notes and any non-contractual obligations arising out of or in connection 
with the Notes are governed by English law. 
(b) 
English courts:  The courts of England have exclusive jurisdiction to settle any dispute (a 
"Dispute") arising out of or in connection with the Notes (including any non-contractual obligation 
arising out of or in connection with the Notes). 
(c) 
Appropriate forum:  The Issuers and the Guarantor agree that the courts of England are the most 
appropriate and convenient courts to settle any Dispute and to take proceedings relating to a 
Dispute ("Proceedings") and, accordingly, that they will not argue to the contrary. 
(d) 
Service of process:  The Issuers and the Guarantor each agrees that the documents which start any 
Proceedings and any other documents required to be served in relation to those Proceedings may 
be served on it by being delivered to DSV Road Limited, Scandinavia House, Refinery Road, 
Parkeston, Harwich, Essex, CO12 4QG, United Kingdom, or to such other person with an address 
in England or Wales and/or at such other address in England or Wales as the Issuers and the 
Guarantor may specify by notice in writing to the Noteholders.  Nothing in this paragraph (d) shall 
affect the right of any Noteholder to serve process in any other manner permitted by law.  This 
Condition 23(d) applies to Proceedings in England.

--- Page 80 ---
10249879381-v10 
- 80 - 
70-41048341 
 
FORM OF FINAL TERMS 
[PROHIBITION OF SALES TO EEA RETAIL INVESTORS – The Notes are not intended to be 
offered, sold or otherwise made available to and should not be offered, sold or otherwise made available to 
any retail investor in the European Economic Area ("EEA").  For these purposes, a retail investor means a 
person who is one (or more) of: (i) a retail client as defined in point (11) of Article 4(1) of Directive 
2014/65/EU (as amended, "EU MiFID II"); or (ii) a customer within the meaning of Directive (EU) 
2016/97 (the "EU Insurance Distribution Directive"), where that customer would not qualify as a 
professional client as defined in point (10) of Article 4(1) of EU MiFID II. Consequently no key information 
document required by Regulation (EU) No 1286/2014 (the "EU PRIIPs Regulation") for offering or 
selling the Notes or otherwise making them available to retail investors in the EEA has been prepared and 
therefore offering or selling the Notes or otherwise making them available to any retail investor in the EEA 
may be unlawful under the EU PRIIPs Regulation.] 
[PROHIBITION OF SALES TO UK RETAIL INVESTORS – The Notes are not intended to be offered, 
sold or otherwise made available to and should not be offered, sold or otherwise made available to any 
retail investor in the United Kingdom ("UK"). For these purposes, a retail investor means a person who is 
one (or more) of: (i) a retail client, as defined in point (8) of Article 2 of Regulation (EU) No 2017/565  as 
it forms part of domestic law by virtue of the European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018 ("EUWA"); (ii) a 
customer within the meaning of the provisions of the FSMA and any rules or regulations made under the 
Financial Services and Markets Act 2000 (the "FSMA") to implement Directive (EU) 2016/97, where that 
customer would not qualify as a professional client, as defined in point (8) of Article 2(1) of Regulation 
(EU) No 600/2014  as it forms part of domestic law by virtue of the EUWA.  Consequently no key 
information document required by Regulation (EU) No 1286/2014 as it forms part of domestic law by virtue 
of the EUWA (the "UK PRIIPs Regulation") for offering or selling the Notes or otherwise making them 
available to retail investors in the UK has been prepared and therefore offering or selling the Notes or 
otherwise making them available to any retail investor in the UK may be unlawful under the UK PRIIPs 
Regulation.] 
[EU MIFID II product governance / Professional investors and ECPs only target market – Solely for 
the purposes of [the/each] manufacturer's product approval process, the target market assessment in respect 
of the [Notes] has led to the conclusion that: (i) the target market for the [Notes] is eligible counterparties 
and professional clients only, each as defined in [Directive 2014/65/EU (as amended, "EU MiFID II")][EU 
MiFID II]; and (ii) all channels for distribution of the [Notes] to eligible counterparties and professional 
clients are appropriate. [Consider any negative target market.]  Any person subsequently offering, selling 
or recommending the [Notes] (a "distributor") should take into consideration the manufacturer['s/s'] target 
market assessment; however, a distributor subject to EU MiFID II is responsible for undertaking its own 
target market assessment in respect of the [Notes] (by either adopting or refining the manufacturer['s/s'] 
target market assessment) and determining appropriate distribution channels.] 
[UK MIFIR product governance / Professional investors and ECPs only target market – Solely for 
the purposes of [the/each] manufacturer's product approval process, the target market assessment in respect 
of the Notes has led to the conclusion that: (i) the target market for the [Notes] is only eligible 
counterparties, as defined in the FCA Handbook Conduct of Business Sourcebook ("COBS"), and 
professional clients, as defined in Regulation (EU) No 600/2014 as it forms part of domestic law by virtue 
of the European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018 ("UK MiFIR"); and (ii) all channels for distribution of the 
[Notes] to eligible counterparties and professional clients are appropriate. [Consider any negative target 
market]. Any person subsequently offering, selling or recommending the Notes (a "distributor") should 
take into consideration the manufacturer['s/s'] target market assessment; however, a distributor subject to 
the FCA Handbook Product Intervention and Product Governance Sourcebook (the "UK MiFIR Product 
Governance Rules") is responsible for undertaking its own target market assessment in respect of the 
[Notes] (by either adopting or refining the manufacturer['s/s'] target market assessment) and determining 
appropriate distribution channels.]

--- Page 81 ---
10249879381-v10 
- 81 - 
70-41048341 
 
Final Terms dated [•] 
[DSV A/S]/[DSV Finance B.V.] 
Issue of [Aggregate Nominal Amount of Tranche] [Title of Notes] 
Legal entity Identifier (LEI): [529900X41C0BSLK67H70] / [529900RTQQ0IIS4B3E03] 
Under the EUR 4,000,000,000 Euro Medium Term Note Programme 
[Guaranteed by DSV A/S] 
PART A – CONTRACTUAL TERMS 
[Terms used herein shall be deemed to be defined as such for the purposes of the Conditions (the 
"Conditions") set forth in the Base Prospectus dated 16 February 2023 [and the supplemental Base 
Prospectus dated [•] which [together] constitute[s] a base prospectus (the "Base Prospectus") for the 
purposes of the EU Prospectus Regulation.  This document constitutes the Final Terms of the Notes 
described herein for the purposes of the EU Prospectus Regulation and must be read in conjunction with 
the Base Prospectus in order to obtain all the relevant information.] 
The following alternative language applies if the first tranche of an issue which is being increased was 
issued under a base prospectus with an earlier date and the relevant terms and conditions from that base 
prospectus with an earlier date were incorporated by reference in this Base Prospectus. 
[Terms used herein shall be deemed to be defined as such for the purposes of the Conditions (the 
"Conditions") incorporated by reference in the Base Prospectus dated [15 February 2022 / 17 February 
2021].  These Final Terms contain the final terms of the Notes and must be read in conjunction with the 
Base Prospectus dated 16 February 2023 [and the supplemental Base Prospectus dated [date]] in order to 
obtain all the relevant information which [together] constitute[s] a base prospectus (the "Base Prospectus") 
for the purposes of the EU Prospectus Regulation, save in respect of the Conditions which are set forth in 
the base prospectus dated [original date] and are incorporated by reference in the Base Prospectus. This 
document constitutes the Final Terms relating to the issue of Notes described herein for the purposes of the 
EU Prospectus Regulation.] 
The Base Prospectus has been published on the website of the Irish Stock Exchange plc trading as Euronext 
Dublin ("Euronext Dublin") at www.euronext.com/en/markets/dublin.  
The expression "EU Prospectus Regulation" means Regulation (EU) 2017/1129. 
[In accordance with the EU Prospectus Regulation, no prospectus is required in connection with the 
issuance of the Notes described herein.]  
[Include whichever of the following apply or specify as "Not Applicable" (N/A). Note that the numbering 
should remain as set out below, even if "Not Applicable" is indicated for individual paragraphs (in which 
case the sub-paragraphs of the paragraphs which are not applicable can be deleted). Italics denote 
guidance for completing the Final Terms.] 
1. 
[(i)] 
Issuer: 
[DSV A/S]/[DSV Finance B.V.] 
 
[(ii) 
Guarantor: 
DSV A/S] 
2. 
[(i) 
Series Number:] 
[•] 
 
[(ii) 
Tranche Number: 
[•] 
 
[(iii) 
Date on which the Notes 
become fungible: 
[Not Applicable/The Notes shall be consolidated, form a 
single series and be interchangeable for trading purposes 
with the [•] on [[•]/the Issue Date/exchange of the 
Temporary Global Note for interests in the Permanent 
Global Note, as referred to in paragraph 24 below [which 
is expected to occur on or about [•]].]

--- Page 82 ---
10249879381-v10 
- 82 - 
70-41048341 
 
3. 
Specified Currency or Currencies: 
[•] 
4. 
Aggregate Nominal Amount: 
[•] 
 
[(i)] 
[Series]: 
[•] 
 
[(ii) 
Tranche: 
[•]] 
5. 
Issue Price: 
[•] per cent. of the Aggregate Nominal Amount [plus 
accrued interest from [•] 
6. 
(i) 
Specified Denominations: 
[•] 
 
(ii) 
Calculation Amount: 
[•] 
7. 
(i) 
Issue Date: 
[•] 
 
(ii) 
Interest Commencement Date: 
[[•]/Issue Date/Not Applicable] 
8. 
Maturity Date: 
[Specify date or (for Floating Rate Notes) Interest 
 
Payment Date falling in or nearest to the relevant 
month and year] 
9. 
Interest Basis: 
[[•] per cent. Fixed Rate] 
 
 
[•][•] [EURIBOR/SONIA/SOFR]+/– [•] per cent. Floating 
Rate] 
 
 
[Zero Coupon] 
 
 
(see paragraph [14/15/16] below) 
10. Redemption/Payment Basis: 
Subject to any purchase and cancellation or early 
redemption, the Notes will be redeemed on the Maturity 
Date at 100 per cent. of their nominal amount. 
11. Change of Interest or 
Redemption/Payment Basis: 
[Specify the date when any Fixed to floating rate change 
occurs or refer to paragraphs 14 and 15 below and 
identify there/Not Applicable] 
12. Put/Call Options: 
[Investor Put] 
[Change of Control Put/Put Event] (The placeholder here 
should reflect the name ascribed to any "event risk" put in 
the Conditions)  
 
 
[Issuer Call] 
[Special Redemption Event (Issuer Call)] 
[Clean-up Call Option] 
 
 
[See paragraph [17/18/19/20/21] below)] 
13. (i) 
Status of the Notes: 
Senior 
 
(ii) 
Status of the Guarantee of the 
Notes: 
Senior 
 
(iii) 
[Date [Board] approval for 
issuance 
of 
Notes 
[and 
[•]

--- Page 83 ---
10249879381-v10 
- 83 - 
70-41048341 
 
Guarantee 
of 
the 
Notes] 
obtained]: 
PROVISIONS RELATING TO INTEREST (IF ANY) PAYABLE 
14. Fixed Rate Note Provisions 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-paragraphs of 
this paragraph) 
 
(i) 
Rate[(s)] of Interest: 
[•] per cent. per annum payable in arrear on each Interest 
Payment Date 
 
(ii) 
Interest Payment Date(s): 
[•] in each year 
 
(iii) 
Fixed Coupon Amount[(s)]: 
[•] per Calculation Amount 
 
(iv) 
Broken Amount(s): 
[•] per Calculation Amount, payable on the Interest 
Payment Date falling [in/on] [•] 
 
(v) 
Day Count Fraction: 
[30/360 / 30E/360 / 30E/360 (ISDA) / Actual/Actual 
(ICMA/ISDA) / Actual/365 (Fixed) / Actual/360] 
 
(vi) 
Ratings Step-up/Step down: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
 [Step Up Event: 
[•] 
 
 [Step Down Event: 
[•] 
 
[- Step-up/Down Margin: 
[•] per cent. per annum]] 
15. Floating Rate Note Provisions 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(If not applicable delete the remaining sub-paragraphs of 
this paragraph 15) 
 
(i) 
Specified Period: 
[•] 
 
(ii) 
Specified Interest Payment 
Dates: 
[•] 
 
(iii)        [First Interest Payment Date]: 
[•] 
 
(iv) 
Business Day Convention: 
[Floating Rate Convention/Following Business Day 
Convention/ 
Modified 
Following 
Business 
Day 
Convention/ Preceding Business Day Convention] 
 
(v) 
Additional 
Business 
Centre(s): 
[Not Applicable/[•]] 
 
(vi) 
Manner in which the Rate(s) 
of 
Interest 
is/are 
to 
be 
determined: 
[Screen Rate Determination/ISDA Determination] 
 
(vii) 
Party 
responsible 
for 
calculating the Rate(s) of 
Interest 
and/or 
Interest 
Amount(s) (if not the [Fiscal 
Agent]): 
[•] shall be the Calculation Agent 
 
(viii) 
Screen Rate Determination:

--- Page 84 ---
10249879381-v10 
- 84 - 
70-41048341 
 
 
• 
Reference Rate: 
[•][•] [EURIBOR/SONIA/SOFR] 
 
• 
Observation Method: 
[Lag / Observation Shift] 
 
• 
Lag Period: 
[5 / [     ] TARGET Settlement Days/U.S. Government 
Securities Business Days/London Banking Days/Not 
Applicable] 
 
• 
Observation 
Shift 
Period: 
[5 / [     ] TARGET Settlement Days/U.S. Government 
Securities Business Days/London Banking Days /Not 
Applicable] 
(NB: A minimum of 5 should be specified for the Lag 
Period or Observation Shift Period, unless otherwise 
agreed with the Calculation Agent) 
 
• 
D: 
[360/365/[      ]] / [Not Applicable] 
 
• 
Interest 
Determination 
Date(s): 
[The first Business Day in the relevant Interest Period]/[•] 
[London Banking Days/U.S. Government Securities 
Business Days/TARGET Settlement Days] prior to each 
Interest Payment Date] 
 
•            "p": 
[•] 
 
• 
Relevant 
Screen 
Page: 
[•] 
 
• 
Relevant Time: 
[•] 
 
• 
Relevant 
Financial 
Centre: 
[•] 
 
(ix) 
ISDA Determination: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] (If not applicable delete the 
remaining sub-paragraphs of this paragraph) 
 
• 
ISDA Definitions: 
[2006 ISDA Definitions / 2021 ISDA Definitions] 
• 
Floating Rate Option: 
[•] 
(The Floating Rate Option should be selected from one of:  
CHF-SARON / EUR-EURIBOR-Reuters (if 2006 ISDA 
Definitions apply) EUR-EURIBOR (if 2021 ISDA 
Definitions apply) / EUR-EuroSTR / EUR-EuroSTR 
Compounded Index / GBP SONIA / GBP SONIA 
Compounded Index / HKD-HONIA / JPY-TONA / USD-
SOFR / USD-SOFR Compounded Index (each as defined 
in the ISDA Definitions).  These are the options envisaged 
by the terms and conditions) 
 
• 
Designated Maturity: 
[•] 
(Designated Maturity will not be relevant where the 
Floating Rate Option is a risk free rate) 
 
• 
Reset Date: 
[•]/[as specified in the ISDA Definitions]/[the first day of 
the relevant Interest Period, subject to adjustment in 
accordance with the Business Day Convention set out in 
[(v)] above and as specified in the ISDA Definitions] 
 
• 
Compounding: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] (If not applicable delete the 
remaining sub-paragraphs of this paragraph)

--- Page 85 ---
10249879381-v10 
- 85 - 
70-41048341 
 
 
-           Compounding  
            Method:                          
[Compounding with Lookback 
• 
Lookback: [•] Applicable Business Days] 
[Compounding with Observation Period Shift 
• 
Observation Period Shift: [•] Observation Period 
Shift Business Days 
• 
Observation Period Shift Additional Business 
Days: [[•] / Not Applicable]] 
[Compounding with Lockout 
• 
Lockout: [•] Lockout Period Business Days 
 • 
Lockout Period Business Days: [[•]/Applicable 
Business Days]] 
 
• 
Averaging 
[Applicable/Not Applicable]] (If not applicable delete the 
remaining sub-paragraphs of this paragraph) 
 
              -  
Averaging Method: 
[Averaging with Lookback 
• 
Lookback: [•] Applicable Business Days] 
[Averaging with Observation Period Shift 
• 
Observation Period Shift: [•] Observation Period 
Shift Business Days 
• 
Observation Period Shift Additional Business 
Days: [[•]/Not Applicable]] 
[Averaging with Lockout 
• 
Lockout: [•] Lockout Period Business Days 
 • 
Lockout Period Business Days: [[•]/Applicable 
Business Days]] 
 
• 
Index Provisions: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] (If not applicable delete the 
remaining sub-paragraphs of this paragraph) 
 
                 - 
Index Method: 
Compounded Index Method with Observation Period 
Shift 
• 
Observation Period Shift: [•] Observation Period 
Shift Business Days 
 • 
Observation Period Shift Additional Business 
Days: [[•] / Not Applicable]] 
 
(x) 
[Linear interpolation  
Not Applicable/Applicable – the Rate of Interest for the 
[long/short] [first/last] Interest Period shall be calculated 
using Linear Interpolation (specify for each short or long 
interest period)] 
 
(xi) 
Margin(s): 
[+/-][•] per cent. per annum

--- Page 86 ---
10249879381-v10 
- 86 - 
70-41048341 
 
 
(xii) 
Minimum Rate of Interest: 
[The Minimum Rate of Interest shall not be less than zero] 
/ [The Minimum Rate of Interest shall not be less than [•] 
per cent. per annum] 
 
(xiii) 
Maximum Rate of Interest: 
[•] per cent. per annum 
 
(xiv) 
Day Count Fraction: 
[•] 
 
(xv) 
Ratings Step-up/Step down in 
accordance with Condition 
6A: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
 
- Step Up Event: 
[•]/[Not Applicable] 
 
 
- Step Down Event: 
[•]/[Not Applicable] 
 
 
[- Step Up/Down Margin: 
[•] per cent. per annum] 
16. Zero Coupon Note Provisions 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-paragraphs of 
this paragraph 16) 
 
(i) 
Accrual Yield: 
[•] per cent. per annum 
 
(ii) 
Reference Price: 
(iii) 
Day Count Fraction in relation 
to Early Redemption Amount: 
[•] 
[30/360 / 30E/360 / 30E/360 (ISDA) / Actual/Actual 
(ICMA/ISDA) / Actual/365 (Fixed) / Actual/360] 
PROVISIONS RELATING TO REDEMPTION 
17. Call Option 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
(i) 
Optional Redemption Date(s): 
[•] 
 
(ii) 
Optional 
Redemption 
Amount(s) of each Note: 
[•] per Calculation Amount[/Make-whole Redemption 
Price] 
[(in the case of the Optional Redemption Dates falling on 
[•]/[in the period from and including [date]]   
 
 
(iii) 
Make 
Whole 
Redemption 
Price: 
[Non-Sterling Make Whole Redemption Amount / 
Sterling 
Make 
Whole 
Redemption 
Amount/Not 
Applicable] 
(If not applicable delete the remaining sub paragraphs (a) 
– (c) of this paragraph (iii)) 
 
[(a) 
Reference Bond: 
[Insert applicable Reference Bond] 
 
[(b) 
Quotation Time: 
[•] 
 
[(c) 
Redemption Margin: 
[•] per cent. 
 
[(d) 
Reference Dealers: 
[•] 
 
[(e)  
Par Redemption Date: 
[•]/Not Applicable 
 
(iii) 
Redemption in part: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable]

--- Page 87 ---
10249879381-v10 
- 87 - 
70-41048341 
 
 
(a) 
Minimum Redemption 
Amount: 
[•] per Calculation Amount 
 
(b) 
Maximum Redemption 
Amount 
[•] per Calculation Amount 
 
(iv) 
Notice period: 
[•] 
18. Clean-up Call Option 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-paragraphs of 
this paragraph 18) 
 
(i) 
Early Redemption Amount: 
[•] per Calculation Amount 
 
(ii) 
Minimum Percentage: 
[•] per cent. 
 
(iii) 
Notice Period: 
[•] 
19. Put Option 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-paragraphs of 
this paragraph 19) 
 
(i) 
Optional Redemption Date(s): 
[•] 
 
(ii) 
Optional 
Redemption 
Amount(s) of each Note and 
method, if any, of calculation 
of such amount(s): 
[•] per Calculation Amount 
 
(iii) 
Notice period: 
[•] 
20. Special Redemption Event (Issuer 
Call) 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-paragraphs of 
this paragraph 20) 
 
(i) 
Acquisition Target: 
[•] 
 
(ii) 
Basis of the Call: 
[Mandatory]/[Optional] 
 
(iii) 
Special Redemption Longstop 
Date: 
[•]  
 
(iv) 
Special Redemption Amount: 
[•] 
 
(v) 
Special Redemption Option 
Period: 
The period from [•]/ [the Issue Date]] to [•]/the Special 
Redemption Longstop Date] 
21. Change of Control Put Option/ Put 
Event: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] (A Change of Control Put 
option is contained in Condition 9(g) (Redemption at the 
option of Noteholders)) 
 
[(i) 
Optional 
Redemption 
Amount(s) of each Note: 
[•] per Calculation Amount] 
 
[(ii) 
Put Period 
[•] 
22. Final Redemption Amount of each 
Note  
[•] per Calculation Amount

--- Page 88 ---
10249879381-v10 
- 88 - 
70-41048341 
 
23. Early Redemption Amount 
 
 
Early Redemption Amount(s) per 
Calculation 
Amount 
payable 
on 
redemption for taxation reasons or on 
event of default or other early 
redemption: 
[Not Applicable] 
 
GENERAL PROVISIONS APPLICABLE TO THE NOTES 
24. Form of Notes: 
Bearer Notes: 
 
 
[Temporary Global Note exchangeable for a Permanent 
Global Note which is exchangeable for Definitive Notes 
on [•] days' notice/at any time/in the limited circumstances 
specified in the Permanent Global Note] 
 
 
[Temporary Global Note exchangeable for Definitive 
Notes on [•] days' notice] 
 
 
[Permanent Global Note exchangeable for Definitive 
Notes on [•] days' notice/at any time/in the limited 
circumstances specified in the Permanent Global Note] 
(N.B. The exchange upon notice/at any time options 
should not be expressed to be applicable if the Specified 
Denomination 
of 
the 
Notes 
includes 
language 
substantially to the following effect:  "EUR100,000 and 
integral multiples of EUR1,000 in excess thereof up to and 
including EUR199,000". Furthermore, such Specified 
Denomination construction is not permitted in relation to 
any issuance of Notes which is to be represented on issue 
by Permanent Bearer Global Notes exchangeable for 
Definitive Notes.) 
 
 
[Registered Notes] 
 
 
Global Registered Note exchangeable for Individual Note 
Certificates on [•] days' notice/at any time/in the limited 
circumstances described in the Global Registered Note 
 
 
[and 
 
 
Global Registered Note [(U.S.$/Euro [•] nominal 
amount)] registered in the name of a nominee for [a 
common depositary for Euroclear and Clearstream, 
Luxembourg/a common safekeeper for Euroclear and 
Clearstream, Luxembourg (that is, held under the New 
Safekeeping Structure (NSS)) 
25. New Global Note: 
[Yes] [No][/[Not Applicable]] 
26. Additional Financial Centre(s) or other 
special provisions relating to payment 
dates: 
[Not Applicable/give details. Note that this paragraph 
relates to the date of payment, and not the end dates of 
interest periods for the purposes of calculating the amount 
of interest, to which sub-paragraph 15(v) relates]

--- Page 89 ---
10249879381-v10 
- 89 - 
70-41048341 
 
27. Talons for future Coupons to be 
attached to Definitive Notes (and dates 
on which such Talons mature): 
[Yes/No. As the Notes have more than 27 coupon 
payments, talons may be required if, on exchange into 
definitive form, more than 27 coupon payments are left.] 
Signed on behalf of [DSV A/S]/[DSV Finance B.V.]: 
 
By: 
............................................ 
Duly authorised 
[Signed on behalf of DSV A/S: 
 
By: 
............................................ 
Duly authorised]

--- Page 90 ---
10249879381-v10 
- 90 - 
70-41048341 
 
PART B – OTHER INFORMATION 
1. 
LISTING AND ADMISSION TO 
TRADING  
(i) 
Admission to Trading: 
 
 
[Application has been made by the Issuer (or on its 
behalf) for the Notes to be admitted to trading on the 
regulated market of Euronext Dublin with effect from 
[•].] [Application is expected to be made by the Issuer (or 
on its behalf) for the Notes to be admitted to trading on 
the regulated market of Euronext Dublin with effect from 
[•].] [Not Applicable.] 
(When documenting a fungible issue need to indicate that 
original Notes are already admitted to trading.) 
(ii) 
Estimate of total expenses 
related 
to 
admission 
to 
trading: 
[•] 
2. 
RATINGS 
The Notes to be issued [have been/are expected to be] 
rated]/[The following ratings reflect ratings assigned to 
Notes of this type issued under the Programme 
generally]: 
 
Ratings: 
[S&P Global Ratings Europe Limited: [•]] 
 
 
[Moody's: [•]] 
 
 
[Fitch: [•]] 
 
 
[[Other]: [•]] 
 
 
[Add a brief explanation of the meaning of the ratings if 
previously published by the ratings provider.] 
 
 
Option 1 - CRA established in the EEA  and registered 
under the EU CRA Regulation and details of whether 
rating is endorsed by a credit rating agency established 
and registered in the UK or certified under the UK CRA 
Regulation   
[Insert legal name of particular credit rating agency 
entity providing rating] is established in the EEA and 
registered under Regulation (EC) No 1060/2009, as 
amended (the "EU CRA Regulation").  [[Insert legal 
name of particular credit rating agency entity providing 
rating] appears on the latest update of the list of 
registered credit rating agencies (as of [insert date of 
most 
recent 
list]) 
on 
the 
ESMA 
website 
http://www.esma.europa.eu.]. [The rating [Insert legal 
name of particular credit rating agency entity providing 
rating] has given to the Notes is endorsed by [insert legal 
name of credit rating agency], which is established in the 
UK and registered under Regulation (EC) No 1060/2009 
as it forms part of domestic law of the United Kingdom 
by virtue of the European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018 
(the "UK CRA Regulation").] /[[Insert legal name of 
particular credit rating agency entity providing rating] 
has been certified under Regulation (EC) No 1060/2009 
as it forms part of domestic law of the United Kingdom

--- Page 91 ---
10249879381-v10 
- 91 - 
70-41048341 
 
by virtue of the European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018 
(the "UK CRA Regulation").]/ [[Insert legal name of 
particular credit rating agency entity providing rating] 
has not been certified under Regulation (EC) No 
1060/2009, as it forms part of domestic law of the United 
Kingdom by virtue of the European Union (Withdrawal) 
Act 2018 (the "UK CRA Regulation") and the rating it 
has given to the Notes is not endorsed by a credit rating 
agency established in the UK and registered under the 
CRA Regulation (UK).] 
Option 2 - CRA established in the EEA, not registered 
under the CRA Regulation but has applied for 
registration and details of whether rating is endorsed by 
a credit rating agency established and registered in the 
UK or certified under the CRA Regulation (UK)   
[Insert legal name of particular credit rating agency 
entity providing rating] is established in the EEA and has 
applied for registration under Regulation (EC) No 
1060/2009, as amended (the "CRA Regulation"), 
although notification of the corresponding registration 
decision has not yet been provided by the [relevant 
competent authority] /[European Securities and Markets 
Authority].  [[Insert legal name of particular credit 
rating agency entity providing rating] appears on the 
latest update of the list of registered credit rating agencies 
(as of [insert date of most recent list]) on the ESMA 
website http://www.esma.europa.eu.]. [The rating [Insert 
legal name of particular credit rating agency entity 
providing rating] has given to the Notes is endorsed by 
[insert legal name of credit rating agency], which is 
established in the UK and registered under Regulation 
(EC) No 1060/2009 as it forms part of domestic law of 
the United Kingdom by virtue of the European Union 
(Withdrawal) Act 2018 ( the "CRA Regulation (UK)").] 
/[[ Insert legal name of particular credit rating agency 
entity providing rating] has been certified under 
Regulation (EC) No 1060/2009 as it forms part of 
domestic law of the United Kingdom by virtue of the 
European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018 ( the "CRA 
Regulation (UK)").]/ [[Insert legal name of particular 
credit rating agency entity providing rating] has not been 
certified under Regulation (EC) No 1060/2009, as it 
forms part of domestic law of the United Kingdom by 
virtue of the European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018 ( 
the "CRA Regulation (UK)") and the rating it has given 
to the Notes is not endorsed by a credit rating agency 
established in the UK and registered under the CRA 
Regulation (UK).] 
Option 3 - CRA established in the EEA, not registered 
under the EU CRA Regulation and not applied for 
registration and details of whether rating is endorsed by 
a credit rating agency established and registered in the 
UK or certified under the UK CRA Regulation 
[Insert legal name of particular credit rating agency 
entity providing rating] is established in the EEA and is 
neither registered nor has it applied for registration under 
Regulation (EC) No 1060/2009, as amended (the "EU

--- Page 92 ---
10249879381-v10 
- 92 - 
70-41048341 
 
CRA Regulation"). [[Insert legal name of particular 
credit rating agency entity providing rating] appears on 
the latest update of the list of registered credit rating 
agencies (as of [insert date of most recent list]) on the 
ESMA website http://www.esma.europa.eu.]. [The rating 
[Insert legal name of particular credit rating agency 
entity providing rating] has given to the Notes is 
endorsed by [insert legal name of credit rating agency], 
which is established in the UK and registered under 
Regulation (EC) No 1060/2009 as it forms part of 
domestic law of the United Kingdom by virtue of the 
European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018 ( the "UK CRA 
Regulation (UK)").] /[[ Insert legal name of particular 
credit rating agency entity providing rating] has been 
certified under Regulation (EC) No 1060/2009 as it forms 
part of domestic law of the United Kingdom by virtue of 
the European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018 ( the "UK 
CRA Regulation").]/ [[Insert legal name of particular 
credit rating agency entity providing rating] has not been 
certified under Regulation (EC) No 1060/2009, as it 
forms part of domestic law of the United Kingdom by 
virtue of the European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018 (the 
"UK CRA Regulation") and the rating it has given to the 
Notes is not endorsed by a credit rating agency 
established in the UK and registered under the UK CRA 
Regulation.]  
Option 4 - CRA established in the UK and registered 
under the UK CRA Regulation and details of whether 
rating is endorsed by a credit rating agency established 
and registered in the EEA or certified under the EU 
CRA Regulation  
[Insert legal name of particular credit rating agency 
entity providing rating] is established in the UK and 
registered under Regulation (EC) No 1060/2009 as it 
forms part of domestic law of the United Kingdom by 
virtue of the European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018 ( 
the "UK CRA Regulation").  [[Insert legal name of 
particular credit rating agency entity providing rating] 
appears on the latest update of the list of registered credit 
rating agencies (as of [insert date of most recent list]) on 
[FCA].  [The rating [Insert legal name of particular 
credit rating agency entity providing rating] has given to 
the Notes to be issued under the Programme is endorsed 
by [insert legal name of credit rating agency], which is 
established in the EEA and registered under Regulation 
(EC) No 1060/2009, as amended (the "EU CRA 
Regulation").] [[Insert legal name of particular credit 
rating agency entity providing rating] has been certified 
under Regulation (EC) No 1060/2009, as amended (the 
"EU CRA Regulation").] [[Insert legal name of 
particular credit rating agency entity providing rating] 
has not been certified under Regulation (EC) No 
1060/2009, as amended (the "UK CRA Regulation") 
and the rating it has given to the Notes is not endorsed by 
a credit rating agency established in the EEA and 
registered under the EU CRA Regulation.] 
Option 5 - CRA not established in the EEA or the UK 
but relevant rating is endorsed by a CRA which is

--- Page 93 ---
10249879381-v10 
- 93 - 
70-41048341 
 
established and registered under the CRA Regulation 
(EU) AND/OR under the CRA Regulation (UK) 
[Insert legal name of particular credit rating agency 
entity providing rating] is not established in the EEA or 
the UK but the rating it has given to the Notes to be issued 
under the Programme is endorsed by [[insert legal name 
of credit rating agency], which is established in the EEA 
and registered under Regulation (EC) No 1060/2009, as 
amended (the "EU CRA Regulation")][and][[insert 
legal name of credit rating agency], which is established 
in the UK and registered under Regulation (EC) No 
1060/2009 as it forms part of domestic law of the United 
Kingdom by virtue of the European Union (Withdrawal) 
Act 2018 ( the "UK CRA Regulation")].   
Option 6 - CRA not established in the EEA or the UK 
and relevant rating is not endorsed under the CRA 
Regulation (EU) or the CRA Regulation (UK) but CRA 
is certified under the CRA Regulation (EU) AND/OR 
under the CRA Regulation (UK) 
[Insert legal name of particular credit rating agency 
entity providing rating] is not established in the EEA or 
the UK but is certified under [Regulation (EC) No 
1060/2009, 
as 
amended 
(the 
"EU 
CRA 
Regulation")][and][ Regulation (EC) No 1060/2009 as it 
forms part of domestic law of the United Kingdom by 
virtue of the European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018 ( 
the "UK CRA Regulation"]. 
Option 7 - CRA neither established in the EEA or the 
UK nor certified under the EU CRA Regulation or the 
UK CRA Regulation and relevant rating is not endorsed 
under the EU CRA Regulation or the UK CRA 
Regulation 
[Insert legal name of particular credit rating agency 
entity providing rating] is not established in the EEA or 
the UK and is not certified under Regulation (EC) No 
1060/2009, as amended (the "EU CRA Regulation") or 
Regulation (EC) No 1060/2009 as it forms part of 
domestic law of the United Kingdom by virtue of the 
European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018 (the "UK CRA 
Regulation") and the rating it has given to the Notes is 
not endorsed by a credit rating agency established in 
either the EEA and registered under the EU CRA 
Regulation or in the UK and registered under the UK 
CRA Regulation. 
3. 
INTERESTS OF NATURAL AND LEGAL PERSONS INVOLVED IN THE ISSUE/OFFER 
(Need to include a description of any interest, including a conflict of interest, that is material to the 
issue/offer, detailing the persons involved and the nature of the interest. May be satisfied by the 
inclusion of the statement below:) 
[Save for any fees payable to the [Managers/Dealers], so far as the Issuer [and the Guarantor] 
[is/are] aware, no person involved in the offer of the Notes has an interest material to the offer.  The 
[Managers/Dealers] and their affiliates have engaged, and may in the future engage, in investment 
banking and/or commercial banking transactions with, and may perform other services for, the

--- Page 94 ---
10249879381-v10 
- 94 - 
70-41048341 
 
Issuer and the Guarantor and their affiliates in the ordinary course of business.  (Amend as 
appropriate if there are other interests)] 
[(When adding any other description, consideration should be given as to whether such matters 
described constitute "significant new factors" and consequently trigger the need for a supplement 
to the Prospectus under Article 23 of the EU Prospectus Regulation.)] 
4. 
[Fixed Rate Notes only – YIELD 
 
 
Indication of yield: 
[•] 
[The yield is calculated at the Issue Date on the basis of 
the Issue Price.  It is not an indication of future yield.] 
5. 
OPERATIONAL INFORMATION 
 
[CUSIP:] 
[[•] [Not Applicable] 
[Select "Not Applicable" if no Restricted Registered 
Notes will be issued]] 
 
ISIN: 
[•] 
 
 
 
 
COMMON CODE: 
[•] 
 
FISN: 
[See the website of the Association of National 
Numbering Agencies (ANNA) or alternatively sourced 
from the responsible National Numbering Agency that 
assigned the ISIN/Not Applicable/Not Available] 
 
CFI Code: 
[See the website of the Association of National 
Numbering Agencies (ANNA) or alternatively sourced 
from the responsible National Numbering Agency that 
assigned the ISIN /Not Applicable/Not Available] 
 
Delivery: 
Delivery [against/free of] payment 
 
Names and addresses of additional 
Paying Agent(s) (if any): 
 
 
Relevant Benchmark[s]: 
[[specify benchmark] is provided by [administrator legal 
name]][repeat as necessary]. As at the date hereof, 
[[administrator 
legal 
name][appears]/[does 
not 
appear]][repeat as necessary] in the register of 
administrators 
and 
benchmarks 
established 
and 
maintained by ESMA pursuant to Article 36 (Register of 
administrators and benchmarks) of the EU Benchmark 
Regulation]/[As far as the Issuer is aware, as at the date 
hereof, [specify benchmark] does not fall within the 
scope of the EU Benchmark Regulation]/ [As far as the 
Issuer is aware, the transitional provisions in Article 51 
of Regulation (EU) 2016/1011, as amended apply, such 
that [name of administrator] is not currently required to 
obtain authorisation/registration (or, if located outside 
the European Union, recognition, endorsement or 
equivalence)]/ [Not Applicable] 
 
[Intended to be held in a manner which 
would allow Eurosystem eligibility: 
[Yes. Note that the designation "yes" simply means that 
the Notes are intended upon issue to be deposited with 
one of the ICSDs as common safekeeper[ [[, and

--- Page 95 ---
10249879381-v10 
- 95 - 
70-41048341 
 
registered in the name of a nominee of one of the ICSDs 
acting as common safekeeper] [include this text for 
registered notes]] and does not necessarily mean that the 
Notes will be recognised as eligible collateral for 
Eurosystem monetary policy and intra day credit 
operations by the Eurosystem either upon issue or at any 
or all times during their life.  Such recognition will 
depend upon the ECB being satisfied that Eurosystem 
eligibility criteria have been met.]/  
[No. Whilst the designation is specified as "no" at the 
date of these Final Terms, should the Eurosystem 
eligibility criteria be amended in the future such that the 
Notes are capable of meeting them the Notes may then 
be deposited with one of the ICSDs as common 
safekeeper[[[, and registered in the name of a nominee of 
one of the ICSDs acting as common safekeeper] [include 
this text for registered notes]].  Note that this does not 
necessarily mean that the Notes will then be recognised 
as eligible collateral for Eurosystem monetary policy and 
intra day credit operations by the Eurosystem at any time 
during their life.  Such recognition will depend upon the 
ECB being satisfied that Eurosystem eligibility criteria 
have been met.] 
6. 
DISTRIBUTION 
 
 
(i) 
Method of Distribution: 
[Syndicated/Non-syndicated] 
 
(ii) 
If syndicated: 
(A) 
Names of Dealers: 
 
[Not Applicable/give names] 
 
(B) 
Stabilisation Manager(s), if 
any: 
[Not Applicable/give names] 
 
(iii) 
If non-syndicated, name of 
Dealer: 
[Not Applicable/give names] 
 
(iv)  
U.S. Selling Restrictions: 
[Reg S Compliance Category [1/2]; [[In the case of 
Bearer Notes) – []TEFRA C/TEFRA D[/TEFRA not 
applicable]]] 
 
(v) 
Prohibition of Sales to EEA 
Retail  
Investors: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(If the Notes clearly do not constitute "packaged" 
products, or the Notes do constitute "packaged" products 
and a key information document will be prepared "Not 
Applicable" should be specified. If the Notes may 
constitute "packaged" products and no key information 
document will be prepared, "Applicable" should be 
specified.) 
 
(v) 
Prohibition of Sales to UK 
Retail  
Investors: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(If the Notes clearly do not constitute "packaged" 
products, or the Notes do constitute "packaged" 
products, and a key information document will be 
prepared in the UK, "Not Applicable" should be 
specified. If the Notes may constitute "packaged" 
products and no key information document will be 
prepared, "Applicable" should be specified.)

--- Page 96 ---
10249879381-v10 
- 96 - 
70-41048341 
 
7. 
REASONS FOR THE OFFER AND 
ESTIMATED NET AMOUNT OF 
PROCEEDS 
 
 
Reasons for the offer: 
[•] [See ["Use of Proceeds"] in Base Prospectus"/Give 
details] [If reasons differ from what is disclosed in the 
Base Prospectus, give details here.] 
 
Estimated net proceeds: 
[•]

--- Page 97 ---
10249879381-v10 
- 97 - 
70-41048341 
 
SUMMARY OF PROVISIONS RELATING TO THE NOTES WHILE IN GLOBAL FORM  
Clearing System Accountholders 
In relation to any Tranche of Notes represented by a Global Note in bearer form, references in the Terms 
and Conditions of the Notes to "Noteholder" are references to the bearer of the relevant Global Note which, 
for so long as the Global Note is held by a depositary or a common depositary, in the case of a CGN, or a 
common safekeeper, in the case of an NGN for Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg and/or any 
other relevant clearing system, will be that depositary or common depositary or, as the case may be, 
common safekeeper. 
In relation to any Tranche of Notes represented by a Global Registered Note, references in the Terms and 
Conditions of the Notes to "Noteholder" are references to the person in whose name such Global Registered 
Note is for the time being registered in the Register which, for so long as the Global Registered Note is held 
by or on behalf of a depositary or a common depositary or a common safekeeper for Euroclear and/or 
Clearstream, Luxembourg and/or any other relevant clearing system, will be that depositary or common 
depositary or common safekeeper or a nominee for that depositary or common depositary or common 
safekeeper. 
Each of the persons shown in the records of Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg and/or any other 
relevant clearing system as being entitled to an interest in a Global Note or a Global Registered Note (each 
an "Accountholder") must look solely to Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg and/or such other 
relevant clearing system (as the case may be) for such Accountholder's share of each payment made by the 
relevant Issuer to the holder of such Global Note or Global Registered Note and in relation to all other 
rights arising under such Global Note or Global Registered Note.  The extent to which, and the manner in 
which, Accountholders may exercise any rights arising under the Global Note or Global Registered Note 
will be determined by the respective rules and procedures of Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg and 
any other relevant clearing system from time to time. For so long as the relevant Notes are represented by 
a Global Note or Global Registered Note, Accountholders shall have no claim directly against the relevant 
Issuer in respect of payments due under the Notes and such obligations of the relevant Issuer will be 
discharged by payment to the holder of such Global Note or Global Registered Note. 
Conditions applicable to Global Notes 
Each Global Note and Global Registered Note will contain provisions which modify the Terms and 
Conditions of the Notes as they apply to the Global Note or Global Registered Note.  The following is a 
summary of certain of those provisions: 
Payments:  All payments in respect of the Global Note or Global Registered Note which, according to the 
Terms and Conditions of the Notes, require presentation and/or surrender of a Note, Note Certificate or 
Coupon will be made against presentation and (in the case of payment of principal in full with all interest 
accrued thereon) surrender of the Global Note or Global Registered Note to or to the order of any Paying 
Agent and will be effective to satisfy and discharge the corresponding liabilities of the relevant Issuer in 
respect of the Notes.  On each occasion on which a payment of principal or interest is made in respect of 
the Global Note, the relevant Issuer shall procure that in respect of a CGN the payment is noted in a schedule 
thereto and in respect of an NGN the payment is entered pro rata in the records of Euroclear and 
Clearstream, Luxembourg. 
Payment Business Day:  In the case of a Global Note, or a Global Registered Note, shall be, if the currency 
of payment is euro, any day which is a TARGET Settlement Day and a day on which dealings in foreign 
currencies may be carried on in each (if any) Additional Financial Centre; or, if the currency of payment is 
not euro, any day which is a day on which dealings in foreign currencies may be carried on in the Principal 
Financial Centre of the currency of payment and in each (if any) Additional Financial Centre. 
Payment Record Date:  Each payment in respect of a Global Registered Note will be made to the person 
shown as the Holder in the Register at the close of business (in the relevant clearing system) on the Clearing 
System Business Day before the due date for such payment (the "Record Date") where "Clearing System 
Business Day" means a day on which each clearing system for which the Global Registered Note is being 
held is open for business.

--- Page 98 ---
10249879381-v10 
- 98 - 
70-41048341 
 
Exercise of put option or Change of Control Put Option:  In order to exercise the option contained in 
Condition 9(g) (Redemption at the option of Noteholders) or Condition 9(h) (Change of Control Put Option) 
the bearer of the Permanent Global Note or the holder of a Global Registered Note must, within the period 
specified in the Conditions for the deposit of the relevant Note give notice of such exercise to the Fiscal 
Agent, in accordance with the rules and procedures of Euroclear, Clearstream, Luxembourg and/or other 
relevant clearing system, specifying the principal amount of Notes in respect of which such option is being 
exercised.  Any such notice will be irrevocable and may not be withdrawn. 
Partial exercise of call option:  In connection with an exercise of the option contained in Condition 9(c) 
(Redemption at the option of the Issuer) in relation to some only of the Notes, the Permanent Global Note 
or Global Registered Note may be redeemed in part in the principal amount specified by the relevant Issuer 
in accordance with the Conditions and the Notes to be redeemed will not be selected as provided in the 
Conditions but in accordance with the rules and procedures of Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg (to 
be reflected in the records of Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg as either a pool factor or a reduction 
in principal amount, at their discretion). 
Notices:  Notwithstanding Condition 20 (Notices), while all the Notes are represented by a Permanent 
Global Note (or by a Permanent Global Note and/or a Temporary Global Note) or a Global Registered Note 
and the Permanent Global Note is (or the Permanent Global Note and/or the Temporary Global Note are), 
or the Global Registered Note is, deposited with a depositary or a common depositary for Euroclear and/or 
Clearstream, Luxembourg and/or any other relevant clearing system or a common safekeeper, notices to 
Noteholders may be given by delivery of the relevant notice to Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg 
and/or any other relevant clearing system and, in any case, such notices shall be deemed to have been given 
to the Noteholders in accordance with Condition 20 (Notices) on the date of delivery to Euroclear and/or 
Clearstream, Luxembourg and/or any other relevant clearing system.

--- Page 99 ---
10249879381-v10 
- 99 - 
70-41048341 
 
DESCRIPTION OF DSV A/S 
Overview 
DSV A/S was incorporated as a limited liability company on 13 July 1976 under the Danish Companies 
Act and is registered with the Danish Business Authority under company registration number (CVR no.) 
58 23 35 28 ("DSV" or the "Group"). Its registered office is at Hovedgaden 630, DK-2640 Hedehusene, 
Denmark, its website is www.dsv.com and its telephone number is +45 4320 3040. Information on DSV's 
website that is not otherwise incorporated by reference in this Base Prospectus does not form part of this 
Base Prospectus. 
DSV is a global supplier of transport and logistics solutions. DSV has subsidiaries and affiliate companies 
in more than 80 countries and an international network of partners and agents. DSV operates from 
approximately 1,600 branch offices, terminals and warehouse facilities across the world, which enable DSV 
to be close to the local markets while taking advantage of a global perspective and network to secure the 
best possible service at competitive rates. 
DSV operates as a global freight forwarder with an asset light business model. This means that DSV offers 
transport and logistics services to its customers, but the physical transport operations are carried out by 
external hauliers (trucking companies), shipping companies and airlines. DSV owns or leases a number of 
warehouses and freight terminals throughout the world. Furthermore, DSV leases a number of trailers and 
other transport equipment. In 2022, land and buildings normally had a lease term of up to 10 years while 
other plant and operating equipment normally had a lease term of up to 5 years. 
In addition to providing transport solutions, DSV offers customers a full range of services necessary for 
processing goods in different parts of the supply chain. These value-added services include, inter alia, 
purchase order management, cargo consolidation, insurance, customs clearance, pick-and-pack, tracking of 
shipping and KPI reporting. 
Value-added services are a vital part of modern supply chains and they require a high level of industry 
knowledge. It is secure and convenient for customers to procure these services from a third-party logistics 
specialist. This allows the logistics specialist to monitor the entire supply chain and provide supply chain 
visibility services (e.g. exception management, track and trace, proof of delivery) as well as suggest 
initiatives for optimisation. Revenue from value-added services represents a significant part of DSV's gross 
profit. 
Digitalisation impacts the interactions with customers and subcontractors in several ways and covers all the 
steps in the supply chain; from quote, purchase order, booking, shipment tracking and status alerts to the 
final billing and KPI reporting. The basis for DSV´s digital interactions with customers are direct interfaces 
(edi, API). Furthermore, customers can book and track shipments via the online platform, myDSV. The 
digital tools also comprise mobile apps for scanning of shipment status (DSV Driver App, Last Mile 
Delivery App), a quote tool for road freight and eDC which is a system designed for purchase order 
management. 
History and organisational structure 
History  
In 1976, in the small town of Skuldelev in Denmark, ten owner-operated hauliers joined forces and founded 
DSV – De Sammensluttede Vognmænd (the "United Trucking Companies"). 
DSV has reached its current size through consolidation as well as through organic growth. 
In 1987, DSV was listed on Nasdaq Copenhagen (then called the Copenhagen Stock Exchange). In 1997, 
DSV acquired Samson Transport Co. A/S. 
In 2000, DSV acquired DFDS Dan Transport Company A/S and branded DSV as DFDS Transport. In 
addition to road transport services in Scandinavia, the United Kingdom, the Baltics and Europe, the 
acquisition secured a logistics set-up as well as activities within airfreight and sea freight transports to/from 
the US and Asia Pacific markets. 
In 2001, DSV divested DPD parcel (Nordic countries) and 50 per cent of the shares in Tollpost Globe AS.

--- Page 100 ---
10249879381-v10 
- 100 - 
70-41048341 
 
In 2004, DSV divested DSV Miljø A/S (environment division) to focus on transport and logistics. 
In 2006, DSV acquired Koninklijke Frans Maas Groep N.V. Through this acquisition, DSV gained presence 
in a number of new countries, particularly in Southern and Eastern Europe. The acquisition of Frans Maas 
also led to an increase in the Solutions division's activities, particularly in the Benelux area. 
In 2007, DSV branded itself as DSV A/S once again, ceasing the use of the names DFDS Transport and 
Frans Maas. 
In 2008, DSV divested its remaining stake of 50 per cent of the shares in Tollpost Globe AS. 
In 2008, DSV acquired ABX Logistics. The acquisition roughly doubled the size of DSV's Air & Sea 
division and increased the presence of the Road division in Italy, Germany, France and Spain. 
In 2016, DSV acquired UTi Worldwide, which increased DSV's revenue significantly and almost doubled 
its number of employees. The acquisition significantly strengthened DSV's Air & Sea division, while giving 
the combined companies a more balanced geographical footprint. 
In 2019, DSV acquired Panalpina and changed its name from DSV A/S to DSV Panalpina A/S. The 
acquisition added approximately 50 per cent to DSV's revenue, primarily strengthening the  Air & Sea 
division. 
In 2021, DSV acquired Agility GIL as of 16 August 2021. At a pro forma consolidation for 2020, the 
acquisition would add approximately 23 per cent to DSV's revenue, primarily strengthening the Air & Sea 
division and the Solutions division as well as adding road freight activities to DSV's network in Europe and 
Middle East. Following the acquisition of Agility GIL, DSV changed its name from DSV Panalpina A/S to 
DSV A/S.  
Organisational structure  
DSV A/S is the ultimate parent company of all the subsidiaries in the Group. The shares of DSV A/S are 
listed on Nasdaq Copenhagen and a free-float of 100 per cent. As at the date of this Base  Prospectus, the 
total share capital of DSV A/S was DKK 219,000,000. 
On 31 December 2022, DSV had 92,179 registered shareholders. The registered shares totalled 211 million, 
corresponding to 96.2 per cent of the share capital. The largest 25 of these shareholders owned 60.9 per 
cent of the free-floating share capital. 
DSV has no majority shareholders. 
The following other shareholders have informed the company that they hold more than 5 per cent of the 
share capital: 
• 
Ernst Göhner Stiftung 
• 
Agility Public Warehousing Company K.S.C.P 
• 
BlackRock, Inc. 
• 
Capital Group  
A simplified legal structure of the Group is illustrated below in figure 1.4.

--- Page 101 ---
10249879381-v10 
- 101 - 
70-41048341 
 
Figure 1.4: Simplified legal structure of the Group 
 
For an overview of DSV's active subsidiaries and affiliates as of 31 December 2022, see the 2022 annual 
report of DSV, pages 84 to 90. According to this overview, approximately 263 legal entities are carrying 
out air & sea activities, approximately 95 legal entities are carrying out road activities and approximately 
134 legal entities are carrying out solutions activities. 
Business operations 
DSV is currently divided into three divisions offering a complete range of services to support the customers' 
entire supply chain (the "Divisions"): 
• 
Air & Sea 
• 
Road 
• 
Solutions  
In many countries, where DSV is present, the activities are organised in separate legal entities, reflecting 
the divisional structure of the Group. While each of the Divisions provides different services to the 
customers, DSV focuses on cross-divisional sales and cooperation, offering the customer a full logistics 
solution. 
Measured on revenue, gross profit and operating profit before special items (EBIT), the Air & Sea division 
is the most profitable and accounted for approximately 81 per cent of the DSV's EBIT in 2022. The Road 
division accounts for approximately 8 per cent and the Solutions division accounts for approximately 11 
per cent of DSV's EBIT in 2022. 
DSV operates a global network with EMEA as the most important market accounting generally for 
approximately 44 per cent of EBIT in 2022. The activities outside EMEA are mainly related to the Air & 
Sea division. However, the acquisitions of UTi Worldwide and Panalpina have contributed to the footprint 
in Road and Solutions, being conducted outside of EMEA. 
Air & Sea  
Air & Sea organises transport of cargo by air freight and sea freight. In 2022, the division had approximately 
23,000 employees and a global network of subsidiaries and associated companies. With the current setup 
Air & Sea are considered to be very close to a complete network. However, in order to be able to offer a 
complete global network to the customers, the division also works with agents in other countries where it 
is not represented with own offices. These partnerships are based on long term relationships and strict 
adherence by the agents to the DSV Supplier Code of Conduct. 
In 2022, the Air & Sea division handled approximately 2.6 million containers (20 foot equivalent unit - 
TEU) of sea freight and approximately 1.6 million tonnes of air freight. More than 95 per cent of the volume 
transported by this division is controlled volume, where DSV is responsible for negotiations and relations 
with the shipping lines and airlines. The Air & Sea division, through its Air Charter Network, controls some 
air freight capacity, but otherwise all transport is carried out by subcontractors (shipping lines and airlines). 
The Air & Sea division conducts business globally with a diverse exposure to both regions and trade lanes.

--- Page 102 ---
10249879381-v10 
- 102 - 
70-41048341 
 
Within sea freight the Air & Sea division offers Full Container Loads (FCL), and consolidations of smaller 
shipments (Less than Container Load – LCL). Within airfreight the Air & Sea division offers consolidated 
air freight, air charters of full planes, express and courier services. The Air & Sea division also offers 
project-related transport services for over dimensioned and/or heavy cargo, e.g. transport of wind turbines 
or industrial equipment. 
As a freight forwarder the Air & Sea division utilises a wide range of suppliers who are selected for the 
individual shipment based on trade lane, service capability, available space and cost. In order to take 
advantage of scale DSV has a dedicated procurement department for both air and sea freight. The purpose 
is to make the best possible rates, service and payment conditions available to the entire DSV network. In 
order for the local organisation to support customers with the best possible solution they have autonomy to 
choose the carrier and are encouraged to make deals with local air or ocean line representatives in case the 
terms are more favourable than those negotiated centrally. 
The majority of the volume that DSV handles in a year is procured through the spot market or based on soft 
commitments towards core carriers meaning that DSV maintain the necessary flexibility in its cost base to 
quickly adjust to market conditions, including sudden drops in transport volumes. 
Contracts with customers are normally valid for up to 12 months where DSV commits to service levels and 
rates based on estimated volume and trade lanes provided by the customer. Importantly, these contracts 
contain certain criteria that can lead to rate changes e.g. peak season surcharges and fuel surcharges. In a 
few cases, customers want a fixed and guaranteed rate for a longer period and this can only be agreed by 
DSV if there is a back-to-back agreement with a carrier for this specific account. The general principle for 
the Air & Sea division is that the fluctuations in rates are a pass through to the customer and DSV is not to 
speculate in rate developments. The stable development of DSV's gross profit per unit serves as a testament 
to this. 
DSV manages its air & sea freight business with a set of simple KPIs, of which the most important are 
volumes, shipments, gross profit per unit, operating profit before special items, conversion ratio and total 
FTEs. 
In 2022, the Air & Sea division generated revenue of DKK 174,431 million and an EBIT of DKK 20,658 
million. 
Road  
The Road division offers transportation of full truck loads (FTL), less than truck load (LTL) and groupage 
shipments all over Europe. Furthermore, Road offers road freight services in North America and South 
Africa. In 2022, the Road division had approximately 17,000 employees and subsidiaries in 40 countries. 
The vast majority of the division's services are provided by means of trucks and to a limited extent by rail 
and short sea crossings by ship. DSV has more than 23,000 trucks on the roads every day. 
As stated, the Road division conducts business in Europe, North America and South Africa but the division 
is highly dependent on Europe with approximately 85 per cent of gross profit in that region in 2022. 
The Road division offers both national and international (cross border) transport, including specialised 
services such as temperature-controlled transport, bulk transport, hazardous cargo transport and tank 
container services, as well as customs clearance and terminal and storage operations. The vast majority of 
the physical transport operations of the Road division are outsourced to external haulage companies and 
Management estimates that in 2022 less than 10 per cent of the transport services are produced with own 
trucks. The Road division has a network of road freight terminals across Europe, The United States of 
America and South Africa. 
The supplier base in Road is fragmented and consists of several thousands local and regional haulage and 
trucking companies. Hauliers are vetted and recruited through a haulier procurement programme and each 
one has to comply with the DSV Supplier Code of Conduct. 
Road contracts with customers are usually annual rate agreements for which Road commits to service levels 
and rates with some adjustable factors, most importantly for fuel surcharges. In line with the principle in 
the Air & Sea division, the general rule is that rate fluctuations are passed on to the customer and DSV is 
not to speculate in rate developments.

--- Page 103 ---
10249879381-v10 
- 103 - 
70-41048341 
 
DSV manages its Road business with a set of simple KPIs, of which the most important are shipments, 
gross profit margin, operating profit before special items (EBIT) and conversion ratio. 
In 2022, the Road division generated revenue of DKK 41,507 million and an EBIT of DKK 2,040 million. 
Solutions 
The Solutions division specialises in contract logistics services on a global basis. In 2022, the Solutions 
division had approximately 32,000 employees and subsidiaries in 55 countries. Contract logistics services 
include a variety of services of which the most important are warehousing services (storage hotel and 
inventory management), picking and packing of goods and distribution services. Furthermore, a number of 
services are offered to the customers, e.g. labelling, assembly and configuration of goods. 
The core of Solution's operations is centred in the European countries. Part of the services offered by the 
Solutions division are specialised to cater for specific industries, e.g. the automotive industry or the 
pharmaceutical industry. In 2022, the Solutions division had approximately 500 logistics facilities and 
approximately 7.5 million square metres of warehousing facilities, and these facilities are either owned or 
leased. 
The standard contract length is between 3-5 years and is normally extended for an additional period due to 
the fact that for the customer switching costs can be significant and the IT systems and employees are highly 
integrated into the customers' business. The majority of contracts are based on a mix of fixed and variable 
pricing, but Solutions also operate open-book cost plus contracts. Solutions aims to build in certain 
protections in their favour in order to protect against scope and volume changes and indexation for inflation 
and other pass-through costs. 
DSV manages its Solutions business with a set of simple KPIs, of which the most important are order lines 
and order lines per man hour, on-time performance, warehouse utilisation and safety. 
In 2022, the Solutions division generated revenue of DKK 24,409 million and an EBIT of DKK 2,701 
million. 
Strategy  
Vision 
DSV is one among many players in a large, fragmented and competitive freight forwarding market. DSV's 
vision is simple, yet ambitious: 
“We help our customers grow by keeping their supply chains flowing. We create efficient solutions for all 
businesses with focus on reliability, environmental impact and cost – regardless of industry and size. 
We provide equal growth opportunities for all employees. People drive the success of our company, so the 
more we provide healthy and safe workplaces – as well as strong growth opportunities – the greater is our 
chance of achieving our ambitious growth targets.  
We help societies grow. We conduct our business with integrity, respecting different cultures and the 
dignity and rights of individuals in all countries.  
We grow shareholder value. We want to continue to be a leading global supplier, fulfilling the customer 
needs for transport and logistics services. We target extensive growth - organic and through acquisitions - 
and aim to be among the most profitable in our industry.” 
With a few modifications of the wording, DSV's vision has been the same for years. Global supply chains 
and technology change and this impact the way the industry works, but the fundamentals of freight 
forwarding do not change overnight. 
Four strategic focus areas 
DSV's strategy is based on four focus areas; customers, growth, operational excellence and people. 
Customers

--- Page 104 ---
10249879381-v10 
- 104 - 
70-41048341 
 
DSV aims to offer customers global and competitive transport and logistics services of a consistent high 
quality – and to support their entire supply chain. DSV has traditionally had a strong foothold among small 
and mid-sized customers. In recent years, DSV has also achieved significant growth with large, 
multinational customers and is increasingly offering industry-specific solutions, e.g. within automotive and 
pharma logistics. DSV continuously works with customers to find optimal solutions to their logistics 
challenges – and systematically and proactively manage relations through a global customer success 
programme. 
Growth 
DSV actively pursues profitable growth - organically and via M&A. Measured by revenue and profit 
margins, DSV is among the largest and most profitable players in the industry (source: Transport 
Intelligence – Global Freight Forwarding 2021). As a result, DSV has a strong market position and a 
foundation for continuously growing the business above market level in the markets where DSV operates. 
DSV has a track record of successful company integrations and will continue to look for attractive and 
value-adding M&A opportunities. 
Operational Excellence 
Freight forwarding is a service industry characterised by high volumes and relatively low profit per 
shipment/unit. This means that high productivity – operational excellence – is essential to profitability. 
DSV constantly strive to improve and to optimise quality, delivery times and prices to the benefit of 
customers. Based on the principle of one main system per business area, DSV operates a consolidated, 
standardised and scalable IT landscape and works systematically to ensure high data quality and security. 
When available, DSV prefers standard, off-the-shelf IT systems. DSV measures productivity and financial 
performance methodically across the organisation to ensure that management has the best possible basis 
for decision making. DSV continues to develop and grow international and regional shared service centres 
as administrative competency hubs, servicing the global organisation. 
People 
While DSV focuses intensely on IT and business process optimisation, DSV's people are at the heart of its 
operations. DSV strives to ensure that they have the tools, training and conditions to perform their best and 
continues to develop and optimise the operational and administrative systems to support their skilled and 
entrepreneurial freight forwarders in working smarter. This ultimately translates to high quality service and 
supply chain visibility for customers and value creation for DSV stakeholders. Recruitment and retainment 
of talent remain key to DSV's success. DSV offers clear career advancing opportunities to talented 
employees and global HR initiatives, e.g. DSV Academy, e-learning, talent management and global 
mobility, are all in place to attract, motivate and retain the very best people. 
Strengths 
DSV's business model builds on the following strengths: 
Profitable organic growth 
Measured by revenue and profit margins, DSV historically is among the largest and most profitable players 
in the industry (source: Transport Intelligence – Global Freight Forwarding 2020). DSV has a strong market 
position and a foundation for growing the business above market level in the markets where DSV operates. 
It is Management's assessment that DSV has historically been able to gain market shares by growing ahead 
of the market. DSV has also been able to maintain more or less the same gross margin despite margin 
pressure in the industry. 
Diversified customer base and long-standing relationships. 
The financial results of DSV have continuously developed positively and the good developments of these 
are closely connected to the diverse customer portfolio. DSV's customer portfolio consists of a large number 
of customers where no single customer accounts for more than 5 per cent of revenue in 2022. Furthermore, 
the top 100 customers in DSV accounted for approximately 33 per cent of revenue in 2022. 
DSV is not dependent on any single industry and customers are widely spread among industries with 
automotive being the single most important for DSV.

--- Page 105 ---
10249879381-v10 
- 105 - 
70-41048341 
 
Global reach with local empowerment  
DSV supports its customers in more than 80 countries with own offices and people on the ground with 
specialised knowledge of local and global regulation and with in-depth knowledge of supply chains. This 
is a key component in DSV's value proposition. 
DSV is characterised by a flat and decentralised organisational structure which in Management's opinion is 
a key differentiator to the closest competitors. DSV continually work with customers to find optimal 
solutions to their logistics challenges across countries using the DSV network. The local managements are 
in charge of their respective operations but have to act in accordance with the guidelines communicated by 
Group management. This allows for consideration of local market conditions and enables local management 
to make quick decisions when needed. 
As part of DSV's overall strategy, a number of functions have been centralised in shared service centres, a 
development that DSV expects to continue. The centralised functions are mainly related to large-scale, 
back-office functions whereas commercial activities are carried out by operational staffs who are close to 
the customer and the local market. 
Proven track record of value creating M&A 
M&A is an integral part of DSV's growth strategy; DSV has a high level of experience and expertise in this 
area, and the organisation and infrastructure are designed with scalability in mind. Through the years, DSV 
has acquired and successfully integrated a number of companies with similar business models and achieved 
significant commercial as well as cost synergies. The most significant transactions are DFDS Dan Transport 
(2000), Frans Maas (2006), ABX Logistics (2008), UTi Worldwide (2016), Panalpina (2019) and Agility 
GIL (2021). 
Consolidated infrastructure 
DSV continuously invests in the consolidation of logistics facilities, creating large, modern multi-client 
warehouses and terminals as well as joint offices shared by the Divisions. This enables DSV to utilise 
shared services in each country and promote the "One DSV"-spirit between the Divisions, aiming to support 
customers with a one stop shop for supply chain services. 
As a result of DSV's strategic focus on IT, DSV operates a consolidated, standardised and scalable IT 
landscape based on the principle of one main system for each business area. This supports efficient and 
standardised global workflows and is a prerequisite for being cost-competitive in the industry. 
Loyal employees with "DSV DNA" 
DSV's success is built upon a strong foundation of people who have been loyal to DSV for most or their 
entire career. The special "DSV DNA" is characterised by a relentless focus to improve yesterday's 
achievements, customer centric decisions and pride in the company, which ultimately leads to a deeply 
embedded profit culture. 
Investments 
DSV operates a scalable and asset-light business model, delivering services through people supported by 
technology. DSV does not own any real estate which is of material importance for the business activities 
and no single location is material to the business. 
The majority of capital expenditure is related to IT (new technology and scalability) as well as equipment 
for its logistics facilities (forklifts, racking, automation etc.). 
DSV does not own any material intellectual property and is not reliant on significant intellectual property 
except for software licenses. DSV has no significant investments in progress and no significant firm 
commitments have been undertaking in respect of investments. 
Due to the asset light nature of DSV's business model, the yearly capital expenditure is considered limited 
although DSV invests in future growth notably through new technology and additional geographic 
exposure.

--- Page 106 ---
10249879381-v10 
- 106 - 
70-41048341 
 
Insurance coverage  
DSV's insurance programs are placed on the commercial insurance market but the DSV's captive, DSV 
Insurance A/S, insures a part of the DSV's insurance programs. DSV is able to obtain insurance coverage 
for its operations at levels that the Group considers to be prudent. 
Legal proceedings  
DSV is not a party to and is not aware of governmental, legal or arbitration proceedings (including any such 
proceedings which are pending or threatened, of which the Issuer is aware), which may have, or have had 
during the 12 months prior to the date of this Base Prospectus, a significant effect on the financial position 
or profitability of the Issuer and its Subsidiaries. As an international transport service provider, DSV is in 
the normal conduct of business regularly involved in legal proceedings or inquiries from authorities. Such 
proceedings sometimes include individual claims and lawsuits, disputes with unions, class action claims, 
and governmental or quasi-governmental investigations. 
While the outcome of these legal proceedings is uncertain, DSV believes that it has provided for all probable 
and estimable liabilities arising from the normal course of business, and DSV therefore does not expect any 
non-provisioned liability arising from any of these legal proceedings to have material impact on DSV's 
results of operations, liquidity, capital resources or financial position. 
Environmental, Social and Governmental ("ESG") 
DSV is committed to a responsible and sustainable way forward for transport and logistics. This is the 
overarching statement and ambition for the Group's corporate responsibility work. The corporate 
responsibility strategy focuses on five areas which are all of high importance for the Group: business ethics, 
people, environment, community engagement and responsible procurement. 
DSV has been a signatory to the United Nations Global Compact (the "Compact") since 2009, and has 
pledged to adhere to the Compact's ten principles. The Group has also been supporting the UN's Sustainable 
Development Goals ("SDGs") since 2015, and has identified and works systematically with nine SDGs 
within the areas which are most affected by the Group's business. 
DSV is also committed to the Science Based Targets initiative, and in 2020, the Group was one of the first 
logistics companies to set approved targets. By 2030, and with 2019 as a baseline, DSV aims to reduce 
carbon emissions from buildings and company vehicles (scope 1 and 2) by 50% and to reduce emissions 
from freight transports (scope 3) by 30%.  
In 2022, DSV finished integrating Agility GIL, and the additional scale impacted transport data and carbon 
emissions. DSV has therefore recalculated the 2019 emission baseline to be able to compare the Group’s 
progress against historic emission data – including transport services operated by Agility GIL in 2019. 
In 2022, DSV has further committed to reaching net-zero carbon emissions across its operations by 2050.  
To achieve these ambitious targets, the Group needs to collaborate with customers, suppliers and other key 
stakeholders. Via its CO2 reporting platform, customers can receive reports on greenhouse gas emissions 
which will enable DSV to identify areas for optimisation to ensure greener supply chains. Developing 
sustainable logistics services is a focus area for DSV. DSV wishes to offer a range of standardised services, 
which gives customers a clear choice when it comes to optimising supply chains, whilst also considering 
the environmental impact of the transport. 
Partnerships with other stakeholders in the industry are key in order to achieve progress on the green 
agenda, and in 2020, DSV joined two partnerships with the purpose of exploring renewable hydrogen as an 
alternative to fossil-based fuels which will be one of the key focus areas going forward in the decarbonation 
of the transportation industry. 
DSV believes that having a diverse workforce where employees can realise their potential based on their 
different individual backgrounds and thought diversity is a significant business advantage that the Group 
can leverage upon. A diverse workforce situated in an inclusive culture fosters dynamic workplaces and 
ultimately better business decisions. DSV recognises and supports equal human rights and is against 
discrimination, differential treatment and harassment of any kind. This and more is reflected in the diversity 
policy, which was updated in 2021.

--- Page 107 ---
10249879381-v10 
- 107 - 
70-41048341 
 
DSV has approximately 76,000 employees across the world performing a large variety of jobs – from office 
workers to warehouse operatives and truck drivers. Regardless of the job function, the Group is committed 
to providing a safe and healthy workplace worldwide, and to nurture and develop its employees through 
mentorship, motivation and talent management. By setting and implementing health and safety standards, 
employees and subcontractors are informed about hazards and required safety measures in their line of 
work. 
DSV maintains a Quality, Health, Safety, Environment programme and works systematically with targets 
to keep occupational accidents to a minimum, reduce loss of working days and completely avoid fatalities. 
Green logistics  
Green Logistics supports DSV's aim to reduce both its own and its customers carbon footprint through 
green alternative services solutions. DSV Green Logistics consists of four different products: Green Supply 
Chain Design & Optimisation, Carbon Offsetting, CO2 Reporting and Sustainable Fuel Offerings. Green 
Supply Chain Design & Optimisation is a best-in-class sustainability analytics and consulting service that 
helps to identify potential opportunities and establish initiatives to make supply chains more carbon 
efficient. 
Corporate Governance  
In managing DSV, the Board of Directors actively uses the Danish Recommendations on Corporate 
Governance of 2 December 2020 issued by the Danish Committee on Corporate Governance. 
This implies using the Recommendations for defining management structures and procedures and acting in 
accordance with the principal intention of the Recommendations. The Board regularly assesses its 
procedures based on the Recommendations. 
Board of Directors and Executive Board 
The Executive Board and Board of Directors consist of the following: 
Name  
Position  
Other Board positions 
Executive Board 
 
Jens Bjørn Andersen 
CEO, DSV A/S 
Director of the management board of DSV 
Director of the management board of DSV 
Finance B.V. 
Member of the Board of Nordea-fonden 
Jens H. Lund 
COO and Vice CEO, DSV A/S 
Director of the management board of DSV 
Michael Ebbe 
CFO, DSV A/S 
Director of the management board of DSV 
Director of the management board of DSV 
Finance B.V. 
Member of the Board of EET Group 
Holdings ApS 
 
 
Board of Directors 
 
Thomas Plenborg 
Chairman of the Board of 
DSV A/S 
Chairman of the Board of ECIT AS 
Member of the Board of Menzies Aviation 
Jørgen Møller 
Deputy Chairman of the Board of 
DSV A/S 
None 
Benedikte C. B. 
Leroy 
Member of the Board of DSV A/S 
None 
 
Beat Rudolf Walti 
Member of the Board of DSV A/S 
Chairman of the Board of Ernst Göhner 
Foundation 
Chairman of the Board of Zurzach Care 
AG 
Deputy Chairman of the Board of Rahn 
AG

--- Page 108 ---
10249879381-v10 
- 108 - 
70-41048341 
 
Name  
Position  
Other Board positions 
Member of the Board of Siegfried Holding 
AG 
Member of the Board of Wenger Vieli AG 
Member of the Board of EGS 
Beteiligungen Ltd 
Birgit W. Nørgaard 
Member of the Board of DSV A/S 
Chairman of the Board of NO Invest A/S 
Chairman of the Board of Norisol A/S 
Chairman of the Board of NRSL Holding 
A/S 
Deputy Chairman of The Danish Council 
for ICT 
Deputy Chairman of the Board of NNE 
A/S 
Deputy Chairman of the Board of Dansk 
Vækstkapital K/S 
Member of the Board of Dansk 
Vækstkapital ll K/S 
Member of the Board of Dansk 
Vækstkapital II Komplementar ApS 
Member of the Board of NCC AB 
Member of the Board of ABP Associated 
British Ports 
Member of the Board of WSP Global Inc. 
Member of the Board of RGS Nordic A/S 
Member of the Board of Consolis SAS 
 
Niels Smedegaard 
Member of the Board of DSV A/S 
Chairman of the Board of Bikubenfonden 
Chairman of the Board of Abacus 
Medicine A/S 
Chairman of the Board of ISS A/S 
Chairman of the Board of Molslinjen A/S 
Chairman of the Board of Molslinjen 
Group ApS 
Chairman Float HoldCo DK ApS 
Chairman of the Board of Falck A/S 
Member of the Board of UK P&I 
Member of the Board of TT Club 
Member of the Board of 
Frederiksbergfonden  
 
Marie-Louise 
Aamund 
 
Member of the Board of DSV A/S 
Chairman of the Board of Thinkproject  
Member of the Board of KIRKBI A/S 
Member of the Board of The Lego 
Foundation  
Member of the Board of WS Audiology 
A/S 
Member of the Board of A.J. Aamund A/S 
 
Tarek A. Sultan Al-
Essa 
Member of the Board of DSV A/S 
Deputy Chairman of the Board of 
Agility Warehousing Company 
K.S.C.P. 
Member of the Board of National Real 
Estate Company K.P.S.C. 
 
No potential conflicts of interest exist between any duties to the Issuer of a member of the Board of 
Directors and the private interests or other duties of each persons. 
Recent Developments

--- Page 109 ---
10249879381-v10 
- 109 - 
70-41048341 
 
In 2019, DSV acquired Panalpina Welttransport Holding AG ("Panalpina") to create the world's third 
largest freight forwarding company (source: Journal of Commerce, DSV estimates). Panalpina was one of 
the world's leading providers of supply chain solutions with its core services comprising Air Freight, Ocean 
Freight, as well as Logistics and Manufacturing. 
In 2021, DSV acquired Agility's Global Integrated Logistics business ("Agility GIL"), which was the 
global logistics division of Agility Public Warehousing Company K.S.C.P. Agility Logistics is a global 
transport and logistic provider with a strong footprint in emerging markets and a service offering similar to 
that of DSV. 
Credit Rating 
The Issuer has been assigned a credit rating of A3 by Moody's Investors Service and a credit rating of A- 
by S&P Global Ratings Europe Limited.

--- Page 110 ---
10249879381-v10 
- 110 - 
70-41048341 
 
DESCRIPTION OF DSV FINANCE B.V. 
Information about DSV Finance B.V. 
DSV Finance B.V. is a private limited liability company (besloten vennootschap met beperkte 
aansprakelijkheid), incorporated under the laws of The Netherlands, having its official seat (statutaire zetel) 
in Venlo, The Netherlands, registered with the Dutch trade register under number 81853572 and having 
Legal Entity Identifier 529900RTQQ0IIS4B3E03, was incorporated on 10 February 2021 and is a wholly 
owned direct subsidiary of DSV A/S. The registered office of DSV Finance B.V. is at Tasmanweg 2, 
5928LH Venlo, The Netherlands, and the telephone number of DSV Finance B.V. is +31 77 3597600. Any 
information available about DSV Finance B.V. on DSV Finance B.V.'s website (hosted by the Guarantor), 
www.dsv.com does not form part of this Base Prospectus unless by specific reference. 
Principal Activity of DSV Finance B.V. 
DSV Finance B.V.'s principal activity is to provide financing to the Group in accordance with article 2 of 
its articles of association. 
Corporate Structure 
DSV Finance B.V. is a special purpose vehicle incorporated for the purpose of arranging for finance for the 
Group. DSV A/S is the ultimate holding company of the Group and Notes issued  by DSV Finance B.V. 
are guaranteed by DSV A/S. DSV Finance B.V. is dependent on affiliates and subsidiaries within the Group 
for revenues and the provision of various corporate services, such as IT, legal and financial services. 
Shareholders 
DSV Finance B.V. is directly and wholly owned by DSV A/S. DSV Finance B.V., and as at the date of this 
Base Prospectus, the issued capital of DSV Finance B.V. was one euro (€ 1.00),  divided into one (1) share, 
paid up in cash at par value. 
Management Board 
The management board consist of the following persons: 
Name 
Position 
Other Board positions 
Jens Bjørn Andersen 
Director of the management 
board of DSV Finance B.V. 
CEO, DSV A/S 
Michael Ebbe 
Director of the management 
board of DSV Finance B.V. 
CFO, DSV A/S 
The business address of each member of the management board of DSV Finance B.V. is Hovedgaden 630, 
2640 Hedehusene, Denmark. 
Statement of conflict of interest 
No member of the management board of DSV Finance B.V. as listed above has any conflict of interest 
within the meaning of section 2:239(6) of the Dutch Civil Code between their duties to DSV Finance B.V. 
or the Group and their private interests and/or other duties. 
 
 
Material Contracts 
DSV Finance B.V. has not entered into any material contracts outside of its ordinary course of business 
which could result in any member of the Group being under an obligation or an entitlement that is  material 
to DSV Finance B.V. ability to meet its obligations to holders of the Notes.

--- Page 111 ---
10249879381-v10 
- 111 - 
70-41048341 
 
TAXATION 
In addition to the tax law of the residence state of the relevant Issuer, the tax law (if any) of the 
investor's state(s) (which term shall, for the purposes of the present section on taxation, include any 
territorial subdivision with its own regulatory framework (if any) on taxation) of residence is/are 
likely to have an impact on the income received from the securities as well as gains and losses on the 
securities.  Prospective purchasers of Notes should consult their own tax advisers as to which 
countries' tax law could be relevant to acquiring, holding and disposing of Notes and receiving 
payments of interest, principal and/or other amounts under the Notes and the consequences of such 
actions under the tax law of those countries 
The following is a general description of certain tax considerations relating to the Notes.  It does not purport 
to be a complete analysis of all tax considerations relating to the Notes.  Prospective purchasers of Notes 
should consult their own tax advisers as to which countries' tax law could be relevant to acquiring, holding 
and disposing of Notes and receiving payments of interest, principal and/or other amounts under the Notes 
and the consequences of such actions under the tax law of those countries.  This summary is based upon 
the law as in effect on the date of this Base Prospectus and is subject to any change in law that may take 
effect after such date. 
Kingdom of Denmark Taxation 
The comments below, which are of a general nature, are a summary of the Issuers' understanding of current 
Danish tax law as applied in Denmark relating to certain aspects of the Danish tax treatment at the date 
hereof in relation to interest (as that term is understood for Danish tax purposes) in respect of the Notes as 
well as capital gains and/or losses on the Notes. The comments relate only to the position of taxpayers that 
are the “beneficial owners” (as that term is interpreted in Danish tax practice) of the Notes and Coupons. 
They do not apply to dealers, or to taxpayers that are group connected (in the sense of chapter 4 of the 
Danish Tax Control Act) with an Issuer. The comments do not attempt to address all types of taxpayers, 
such as associations, foundations, cooperatives or other taxpayers subject to non-standard forms of tax 
regimes.  
Prospective holders of Notes should be aware that the particular terms of issue of any series of Notes as 
specified in the relevant Final Terms may affect the tax treatment of that and other series of Notes. The 
Danish tax treatment of prospective Noteholders depends on their individual circumstances and may be 
subject to change in the future. Prospective holders of Notes that may be liable to tax in a jurisdiction other 
than Denmark are advised to consult their own professional advisers as to whether they are so liable (and 
if so under the laws of which jurisdictions). The comments assume that no security will be created for the 
benefit of the Notes; that there will be no substitution of the Issuer (and they do not address the 
consequences of such substitution (notwithstanding that such substitution is permitted by the terms and 
conditions of the Notes)); and that, as regards DSV A/S, that Issuer will not issue any Notes from or through 
any branch or permanent establishment situated outside Denmark. Noteholders who are in any doubt as to 
their tax position should consult their professional advisers.  
Notes held by Danish residents or Danish permanent establishments of foreign residents 
Individuals and corporations resident in Denmark for tax purposes or holding Notes through a permanent 
establishment in Denmark are tax liable on interest earned on the Notes as well as capital gains and losses 
on the Notes. For individuals, annual net gains or net losses are tax exempt if they do not exceed DKK 
2,000 (compounded with certain other limited types of financial gains and losses).  
Gains and losses on Notes held by corporations are generally included in their taxable income in accordance 
with mark-to-market principles (in Danish: "lagerprincippet"), i.e. on a non-realised basis. Gains and losses 
on Notes held by individuals are, as a point of departure, included in their taxable income on a realised 
basis.  
Gains and losses on Notes, which are subject to adjustments on principal or interest as set out in section 
29(3) of the Act will, irrespective of realisation, be taxable on an annual basis in accordance with mark-to-
market principles as further specified in the Act.

--- Page 112 ---
10249879381-v10 
- 112 - 
70-41048341 
 
A variety of features regarding principal and interest may apply to the Notes. The applicable taxation of 
capital gains or losses to corporate entities or individuals will depend on the features applicable to the Notes 
in question. 
Pension funds and other entities governed by the Danish act on taxation of pension yield (in Danish: 
"Pensionsafkastbeskatningsloven") would be taxed on the annual value increase or decrease of the Notes 
according to mark-to-market principles as specifically laid down in the said act.  
Non-Resident holders of Notes (and foreign permanent establishments of Danish corporations) 
Generally, non-resident holders of Notes, whether individuals or corporations, are not Danish tax liable on 
interest, redemption of principal amounts or capital gains or losses on the Notes. This also applies to Notes 
attributed to foreign permanent establishments of Danish resident corporations (but not to foreign 
permanent establishments of Danish resident individuals).  
Limited exceptions to this apply to foreign resident corporations subject to Danish elective international 
joint taxation, or subject to Danish mandatory international joint taxation applicable to companies whose 
income is in a qualified proportion of a financial nature (subject to certain definitions) (CFC companies).  
Exceptions also apply to interest earned in certain cases of controlled debt in relation to the Danish tax 
resident Issuer. This will not have any impact on holders of Notes that are not in a relationship with the 
Danish resident Issuer whereby they control it, are controlled by it, or are under joint control with it (as 
further defined in Danish tax legislation).  
Withholding tax  
No general withholding tax or coupon tax applies to payments of interest, principal or other amounts due 
on the Notes, other than in certain cases on payments in respect of controlled debt in relation to the Danish 
resident Issuer as referred to in sec. 2(1)(d) of the Corporate Income Tax Act (cf. consolidated act no. 1441 
of 22 August 2022, as amended). This will not have any impact on holders of Notes who are not in a 
relationship whereby they control, or are controlled by, the Issuer. 
The Netherlands Taxation 
Taxation in Kingdom of the Netherlands 
The following summary outlines the principal Netherlands tax consequences of the acquisition, holding, 
settlement, redemption and disposal of the Notes, but does not purport to be a comprehensive description 
of all Netherlands tax considerations that may be relevant. For purposes of Netherlands tax law, a holder 
of Notes may include an individual or entity who does not have the legal title of these Notes, but to whom 
nevertheless the Notes or the income thereof is attributed based on specific statutory provisions or on the 
basis of such individual or entity having an interest in the Notes or the income thereof. In view of its general 
nature, it should be treated with corresponding caution. This summary is intended as general information 
only and each prospective investor should consult a professional tax adviser with respect to the Netherlands 
tax consequences of the acquisition, holding, settlement, redemption and disposal of the Notes.  
This summary is based on Netherlands tax legislation, published case law, regulations and published policy, 
in each case as in force as of the date of this Prospectus, and does not take into account any developments 
or amendments thereof after that date whether or not such developments or amendments have retroactive 
effect. 
This summary does not address the Netherlands tax consequences to DSV Finance B.V. and the holders of 
Notes  in case DSV Finance B.V. is treated as a tax resident of both the Netherlands (by reason of being 
incorporated under Netherlands law) and Denmark (by virtue of  having its place of management in 
Denmark) - see also the risk factor titled "DSV Finance B.V. currently maintains its place of effective 
management in Denmark. If it did not, as a Dutch B.V. both Denmark and the Netherlands could seek to 
assert taxing rights over DSV Finance B.V. potentially leading to double taxation". 
In addition, this summary does not address the Netherlands corporate and individual income tax 
consequences for:  
(i) 
investment institutions (fiscale beleggingsinstellingen);

--- Page 113 ---
10249879381-v10 
- 113 - 
70-41048341 
 
(ii) 
pension funds, exempt investment institutions (vrijgestelde beleggingsinstellingen) or other 
Netherlands tax resident entities that are not subject to or exempt from Netherlands corporate 
income tax;  
(iii) 
holders of Notes holding a substantial interest (aanmerkelijk belang) or deemed substantial interest 
(fictief aanmerkelijk belang) in DSV Finance B.V. and holders of Notes of whom a certain related 
person holds a substantial interest in DSV Finance B.V.. Generally speaking, a substantial interest 
in DSV Finance B.V. arises if a person, alone or, where such person is an individual, together with 
his or her partner (statutorily defined term), directly or indirectly, holds or is deemed to hold (i) an 
interest of 5% or more of the total issued capital of DSV Finance B.V. or 5% or more of the issued 
capital of a certain class of shares of DSV Finance B.V., (ii) rights to acquire, directly or indirectly, 
such interest or (iii) certain profit-sharing rights in DSV Finance B.V.;  
(iv) 
persons to whom the Notes and the income from the Notes are attributed on basis of the separated 
private assets (afgezonderd particulier vermogen) provisions of the Netherlands Income Tax Act 
2001 (Wet inkomstenbelasting 2001); 
(v) 
entities which are a resident of Aruba, Curacao or Sint Maarten that have an enterprise which is 
carried on through a permanent establishment or a permanent representative on Bonaire, Sint 
Eustatius or Saba and the Notes are attributable to such permanent establishment or permanent 
representative; and  
(vi) 
individuals to whom Notes or the income from Notes are attributable to employment activities or 
fictious employment activities which are taxed as employment income in the Netherlands.  
Where this summary refers to the Netherlands, such reference is restricted to the part of the Kingdom of 
the Netherlands that is situated in Europe and the legislation applicable in that part of the Kingdom.  
Withholding Tax  
Except as described below, all payments (including payments upon redemption or repurchase of Notes) 
made by DSV Finance B.V. under the Notes may be made free of withholding or deduction for any taxes 
of whatsoever nature imposed, levied, withheld or assessed by the Netherlands or any political subdivision 
or taxing authority thereof or therein, provided that the Notes do not in fact function as equity of DSV 
Finance B.V. or as equity within the meaning of article 10, paragraph 1, under d of the Netherlands 
Corporate Income Tax Act 1969 (Wet op de vennootschapsbelasting 1969).  
Netherlands withholding tax may apply on certain (deemed) payments of interest made to an affiliated 
(gelieerde) entity of DSV Finance B.V. if such entity (i) is considered to be resident of a jurisdiction that 
is listed in the yearly updated Dutch Regulation on low-taxing states and non-cooperative jursidictions for 
tax 
purposes 
(Regeling 
laagbelastende 
staten 
en 
niet-coöperatieve 
rechtsgebieden 
voor 
belastingdoeleinden), or (ii) has a permanent establishment located in such jurisdiction to which the interest 
is attributable, or (iii) is entitled to the interest payable for the main purpose or one of the main purposes to 
avoid taxation of another person, or (iv) is a hybrid entity, or (v) is not resident in any jurisdiction, all within 
the meaning of the Netherlands Withholding Tax Act 2021 (Wet bronbelasting 2021).  
Generally, an entity is considered to be affiliated (gelieerd) to another entity for the purposes of the 
Netherlands  Withholding Tax Act 2021 (Wet bronbelasting 2021) if either entity, whether alone or together 
with related parties or as part of a collaborating group, holds an interest that allows it, or the collaborating 
group of which it forms part, to exercise control over the other entity's activities. An entity, or a 
collaborating group of which such entity forms part, that holds more than 50% of the voting rights in the 
other entity, is in any event deemed to be able to exercise control over such other entity's activities. Entities 
are also considered to be affiliated if a third party is affiliated to each of such entities. 
Corporate and Individual Income Tax  
Residents of the Netherlands  
If a holder of Notes is a resident of the Netherlands or deemed to be a resident of the Netherlands for 
Netherlands corporate income tax purposes and is fully subject to Netherlands corporate income tax or is 
only subject to Netherlands corporate income tax in respect of an enterprise to which the Notes are 
attributable, income derived from the Notes and gains realised upon the redemption, settlement or disposal

--- Page 114 ---
10249879381-v10 
- 114 - 
70-41048341 
 
of the Notes are generally taxable in the Netherlands (at up to a maximum rate of 25.8% (2022)) under the 
Netherlands Corporate Income Tax Act 1969 (Wet vennootschapsbelasting 1969).  
If an individual is a resident of the Netherlands or deemed to be a resident of the Netherlands for 
Netherlands individual income tax purposes, income derived from the Notes and gains realised upon the 
redemption, settlement or disposal of the Notes are taxable at the progressive rates (at up to a maximum 
rate of 49.50% (2022)) under the Netherlands Income Tax Act 2001 (Wet inkomstenbelasting 2001), if:  
(i) 
the individual is an entrepreneur (ondernemer) and has an enterprise to which the Notes are 
attributable or the individual has, other than as a shareholder, a co-entitlement to the net worth of 
an enterprise (medegerechtigde), to which enterprise the Notes are attributable; or  
(ii) 
such income or gains qualify as income from miscellaneous activities (resultaat uit overige 
werkzaamheden), which includes activities with respect to the Notes that exceed regular, active 
portfolio management (normaal, actief vermogensbeheer).  
If neither condition (i) nor condition (ii) above applies, an individual that holds the Notes, must determine 
taxable income with regard to the Notes on the basis of a deemed return on income from savings and 
investments (sparen en beleggen), rather than on the basis of income actually received or gains actually 
realised. This deemed return on income from savings and investments is fixed at a percentage of the 
individual's yield basis (rendementsgrondslag) at the beginning of the calendar year (1 January), insofar as 
the individual's yield basis exceeds a certain threshold (heffingvrij vermogen). The individual's yield basis 
is determined as the fair market value of certain qualifying assets held by the individual less the fair market 
value of certain qualifying liabilities on 1 January. The fair market value of the Notes will be included as 
an asset in the individual's yield basis. The deemed return percentage to be applied to the yield basis 
increases progressively depending on the amount of the yield basis. The deemed return on income from 
savings and investments is taxed at a rate of 32% (2023).  
For 2023, the deemed return is 6.17% of the value of the individual's assets, other than bank balances, as at 
the beginning of the relevant fiscal year (including the Notes). An individual’s debts have a deemed return 
of 2.57%. The balanced return from assets and debts is taxed at the abovementioned rate of 32%. The 
applicable rates will be updated annually on the basis of historic market yields. 
Non-residents of the Netherlands  
If a person is neither a resident of the Netherlands nor is deemed to be a resident of the Netherlands for 
Netherlands corporate or individual income tax purposes, such person is not liable to Netherlands income 
tax in respect of income derived from the Notes and gains realised upon the settlement, redemption or 
disposal of the Notes, unless:  
(i) 
the person is not an individual and such person (a) has an enterprise that is, in whole or in part, 
carried on through a permanent establishment or a permanent representative in the Netherlands to 
which permanent establishment or permanent representative the Notes are attributable, or (b) is, 
other than by way of securities, entitled to a share in the profits of an enterprise or a co-entitlement 
to the net worth of an enterprise, which is effectively managed in the Netherlands and to which 
enterprise the Notes are attributable; or 
(ii) 
the person is an individual and such individual (a) has an enterprise or an interest in an enterprise 
that is, in whole or in part, carried on through a permanent establishment or a permanent 
representative in the Netherlands to which permanent establishment or permanent representative 
the Notes are attributable, or (b) realises income or gains with respect to the Notes that qualify as 
income from miscellaneous activities in the Netherlands which include activities with respect to 
the Notes that exceed regular, active portfolio management (normaal, actief vermogensbeheer), or 
(c) is, other than by way of securities, entitled to a share in the profits of an enterprise which is 
effectively managed in the Netherlands and to which enterprise the Notes attributable.  
Gift and Inheritance Tax  
Netherlands gift or inheritance tax will not be levied on the occasion of the transfer of the Notes by way of 
gift by, or on the death of, a holder of Notes, unless:

--- Page 115 ---
10249879381-v10 
- 115 - 
70-41048341 
 
(a) 
the holder of Notes is, or is deemed to be, resident in the Netherlands for the purpose of the relevant 
provisions;  
(b) 
in the case of a gift of Notes by an individual who at the date of the gift was neither resident nor 
deemed to be resident in the Netherlands, such individual dies within 180 days after the date of the 
gift, while being resident or deemed to be resident in the Netherlands; or 
(c) 
for the purposes of Dutch gift and inheritance tax, an individual with the Netherlands nationality 
will be deemed to be resident in the Netherlands if he/she has been resident in the Netherlands at 
any time during the ten years preceding the date of the gift or his death. For the purposes of Dutch 
gift tax only, an individual not holding the Netherlands nationality will be deemed to be resident 
in the Netherlands if he/she has been resident in the Netherlands at any time during the twelve 
months preceding the date of the gift. 
Value Added Tax  
In general, no value added tax will arise in respect of payments in consideration for the issue of the Notes 
or in respect of the payment of interest or principal under the Notes, or in respect of a transfer of Notes.  
Other Taxes and Duties  
No Netherlands registration tax, customs duty, transfer tax, stamp duty or any other similar documentary 
tax or duty will be payable in the Netherlands by a holder in respect of or in connection with the 
subscription, issue, placement, allotment, delivery, transfer and/or enforcement by legal proceedings 
(including any foreign judgement in the courts of the Netherlands) of the Notes.  
The proposed financial transactions tax ("FTT") 
On 14 February 2013, the European Commission published a proposal (the "Commission's proposal") for 
a Directive for a common FTT in Belgium, Germany, Estonia, Greece, Spain, France, Italy, Austria, 
Portugal, Slovenia and Slovakia (the "participating Member States").  However, Estonia has since stated 
that it will not participate. 
The Commission's proposal has very broad scope and could, if introduced, apply to certain dealings in 
Notes (including secondary market transactions) in certain circumstances. The issuance and subscription 
of Notes should, however, be exempt. 
Under the Commission's proposal, FTT could apply in certain circumstances to persons both within and 
outside of the participating Member States. Generally, it would apply to certain dealings in Notes where at 
least one party is a financial institution, and at least one party is established in a participating Member State. 
A financial institution may be, or be deemed to be, "established" in a participating Member State in a broad 
range of circumstances, including (a) by transacting with a person established in a participating Member 
State or (b) where the financial instrument which is subject to the dealings is issued in a participating 
Member State. 
However, the FTT proposal remains subject to negotiation between participating Member States.  It may 
therefore be altered prior to any implementation, the timing of which remains unclear.  Additional EU 
Member States may decide to participate.  
Prospective holders of Notes are advised to seek their own professional advice in relation to the FTT. 
FATCA 
Pursuant to certain provisions of the U.S. Internal Revenue Code of 1986, commonly known as FATCA, a 
"foreign financial institution" may be required to withhold on certain payments it makes ("foreign passthru 
payments") to persons that fail to meet certain certification, reporting, or related requirements.  Each Issuer 
may be a foreign financial institution for these purposes.  A number of jurisdictions (including the Kingdom 
of Denmark and the Netherlands have entered into, or have agreed in substance to, intergovernmental 
agreements with the United States to implement FATCA ("IGAs"), which modify the way in which 
FATCA applies in their jurisdictions.  Under the provisions of IGAs as currently in effect, a foreign 
financial institution in an IGA jurisdiction would generally not be required to withhold under FATCA or 
an IGA from payments that it makes. Certain aspects of the application of the FATCA provisions and IGAs

--- Page 116 ---
10249879381-v10 
- 116 - 
70-41048341 
 
to instruments such as the Notes, including whether withholding would ever be required pursuant to 
FATCA or an IGA with respect to payments on instruments such as the Notes, are uncertain and may be 
subject to change. Even if withholding would be required pursuant to FATCA or an IGA with respect to 
payments on instruments such as the Notes, such withholding would not apply prior to the date that is two 
years after the publication of the final regulations defining "foreign passthru payment" and Notes issued on 
or prior to the date that is six months after the date on which final regulations defining "foreign passthru 
payments" are filed with the U.S. Federal Register generally would be "grandfathered" for purposes of 
FATCA withholding unless materially modified after such date (including by reason of a substitution of 
the Issuer). However, if additional notes (as described under "Terms and Conditions of the Notes - Further 
Issues") that are not distinguishable from previously issued Notes are issued after the expiration of the 
grandfathering period and are subject to withholding under FATCA, then withholding agents may treat all 
Notes, including the Notes offered prior to the expiration of the grandfathering period, as subject to 
withholding under FATCA. Holders should consult their own tax advisors regarding how these rules may 
apply to their investment in the Notes.

--- Page 117 ---
10249879381-v10 
- 117 - 
70-41048341 
 
SUBSCRIPTION AND SALE 
Notes may be sold from time to time by the relevant Issuer to any one or more of BNP Paribas, Danske 
Bank A/S, HSBC Continental Europe, ING Bank N.V., Nordea Bank Abp and Nykredit Bank A/S, (the 
"Dealers").  The arrangements under which Notes may from time to time be agreed to be sold by the 
relevant Issuer to, and subscribed by, the Dealers are set out in a Dealer Agreement dated 16 February 2023 
(the "Dealer Agreement") and made between the Issuers, the Guarantor and the Dealers.  If in the case of 
any Tranche of Notes the method of distribution is an agreement between the relevant Issuer, the Guarantor, 
if applicable, and a single Dealer for that Tranche to be issued by the relevant Issuer and subscribed by that 
Dealer, the method of distribution will be described in the relevant Final Terms as "Non-Syndicated" and 
the name of that Dealer and any other interest of that Dealer which is material to the issue of that Tranche 
beyond the fact of the appointment of that Dealer will be set out in the relevant Final Terms.  If in the case 
of any Tranche of Notes the method of distribution is an agreement between the relevant Issuer, the 
Guarantor, if applicable, and more than one Dealer for that Tranche to be issued by the relevant Issuer and 
subscribed by those Dealers, the method of distribution will be described in the relevant Final Terms as 
"Syndicated", the obligations of those Dealers to subscribe the relevant Notes will be joint and several and 
the names of those Dealers and any other interests of any of those Dealers which is material to the issue of 
that Tranche beyond the fact of the appointment of those Dealers (including whether any of those Dealers 
has also been appointed to act as Stabilisation Manager in relation to that Tranche) will be set out in the 
relevant Final Terms. 
Any such agreement will, inter alia, make provision for the form and terms and conditions of the relevant 
Notes, the price at which such Notes will be subscribed by the Dealer(s) and the commissions or other 
agreed deductibles (if any) payable or allowable by the relevant Issuer in respect of such subscription.  The 
Dealer Agreement makes provision for the resignation or termination of appointment of existing Dealers 
and for the appointment of additional or other Dealers either generally in respect of the Programme or in 
relation to a particular Tranche of Notes. Each new Dealer so appointed will be required to represent, 
warrant and undertake to the following selling restrictions as part of its appointment. 
United States of America:  Regulation S Category 2; TEFRA D or TEFRA C as specified in the relevant 
Final Terms or neither if TEFRA is specified as not applicable in the relevant Final Terms. 
The Notes and Guarantee of the Notes have not been and will not be registered under the Securities Act 
and may not be offered or sold within the United States or to, or for the account or benefit of, U.S. persons 
except in certain transactions exempt from the registration requirements of the Securities Act.  Terms used 
in this paragraph have the meanings given to them by Regulation S. 
The Bearer Notes are subject to U.S. tax law requirements and may not be offered, sold or delivered within 
the United States or its possessions or to a United States person, except in certain transactions permitted by 
U.S. tax regulations.  Terms used in this paragraph have the meanings given to them by the United States 
Internal Revenue Code and regulations thereunder. 
Each Dealer has agreed that, except as permitted by the Dealer Agreement, it will not offer, sell or deliver 
Notes, (i) as part of their distribution at any time or (ii) otherwise until 40 days after the completion of the 
distribution of the Notes comprising the relevant Tranche within the United States or to, or for the account 
or benefit of, U.S. persons, and such Dealer will have sent to each dealer to which it sells Notes during the 
distribution compliance period relating thereto a confirmation or other notice setting forth the restrictions 
on offers and sales of the Notes within the United States or to, or for the account or benefit of, U.S. persons.   
In addition, until 40 days after the commencement of the offering of Notes comprising any Tranche, any 
offer or sale of Notes within the United States by any dealer (whether or not participating in the offering) 
may violate the registration requirements of the Securities Act. 
Prohibition of Sales to EEA Retail Investors 
If the Final Terms (or Drawdown Prospectus, as the case may be) in respect of any Notes includes a legend 
entitled "Prohibition of Sales to EEA Retail Investors", each Dealer has represented, warranted and agreed, 
that it has not offered, sold or otherwise made available and will not offer, sell or otherwise make available 
any Notes which are the subject of the offering contemplated by this Base Prospectus as completed by the 
Final Terms (or are the subject of the offering contemplated by a Drawdown Prospectus) in relation thereto

--- Page 118 ---
10249879381-v10 
- 118 - 
70-41048341 
 
to any retail investor in the European Economic Area.  For the purposes of this provision the expression 
"retail investor" means a person who is one (or more) of the following: 
(a) 
a retail client as defined in point (11) of Article 4(1) of Directive 2014/65/EU (as amended, "EU 
MiFID II"); or 
(b) 
a customer within the meaning Directive (EU) 2016/97 ("Insurance Distribution Directive"), 
where that customer would not qualify as a professional client as defined in point (10) of Article 
4(1) of MiFID II.  
Public Offer Selling Restriction Under the EU Prospectus Regulation 
If the Final Terms in respect of any Notes does not include a legend entitled "Prohibition of Sales to EEA 
Retail Investors", in relation to each Member State of the European Economic Area, each Dealer has 
represented and agreed, that it has not made and will not make an offer of Notes which are the subject of 
the offering contemplated by this Base Prospectus as completed by the Final Terms in relation thereto (or 
are the subject of the offering contemplated by a Drawdown Prospectus, as the case may be) to the public 
in that Member State except that it may make an offer of such Notes to the public in that Member State:  
(a) 
Qualified investors: at any time to any legal entity which is a qualified investor as defined in the 
EU Prospectus Regulation; 
(b) 
Fewer than 150 offerees: at any time to fewer than 150, natural or legal persons (other than 
qualified investors as defined in the EU Prospectus Regulation), subject to obtaining the prior 
consent of the relevant Dealer or Dealers nominated by the relevant Issuer for any such offer; or 
(c) 
Other exempt offers: at any time in any other circumstances falling within Article 1(4) of the EU 
Prospectus Regulation. 
provided that no such offer of Notes referred to in paragraph (a) to (c) above shall require the relevant 
Issuer or any Dealer to publish a prospectus pursuant to Article 3 of the EU Prospectus Regulation or 
supplement a prospectus pursuant to Article 23 of the EU Prospectus Regulation. 
For the purposes of this provision, the expression an "offer of Notes to the public" in relation to any Notes 
in any Member State means the communication in any form and by any means of sufficient information on 
the terms of the offer and the Notes to be offered so as to enable an investor to decide to purchase or 
subscribe for the Notes and the expression "EU Prospectus Regulation" means Regulation (EU) 
2017/1129. 
Selling Restrictions Addressing United Kingdom Securities Laws 
Prohibition of sales to UK Retail Investors - If the Final Terms (or Drawdown Prospectus, as the case may 
be) in respect of any Notes incudes the legend entitled "Prohibition of Sales to UK Retail Investors", each 
Dealer has represented and agreed, that it has not offered, sold or otherwise made available and will not 
offer, sell or otherwise make available any Notes which are the subject of the offering contemplated by this 
Base Prospectus as completed by the Final Terms in relation thereto to any retail investor in the United 
Kingdom.  For the purposes of this provision: 
(a) 
the expression retail investor means a person who is one (or more) of the following: 
(i) 
a retail client, as defined in point (8) of Article 2 of Regulation (EU) No 2017/565 as it 
forms part of domestic law by virtue of the European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018 
(EUWA); or 
(ii) 
a customer within the meaning of the provisions of the FSMA and any rules or regulations 
made under the FSMA to implement Directive (EU) 2016/97, where that customer would 
not qualify as a professional client, as defined in point (8) of Article 2(1) of Regulation 
(EU) No 600/2014 as it forms part of domestic law by virtue of the EUWA. 
If the Final Terms in respect of any Notes does not include the legend "Prohibition of Sales to UK 
Retail Investors", each Dealer has represented and agreed, that it has not made and will not make 
an offer of Notes which are the subject of the offering contemplated by this Base Prospectus as

--- Page 119 ---
10249879381-v10 
- 119 - 
70-41048341 
 
completed by the final terms in relation thereto to the public in the United Kingdom except that it 
may make an offer of such Notes to the public in the United Kingdom: 
(A) 
at any time to any legal entity which is a qualified investor as defined in Article 
2 of Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 as it forms part of domestic law by virtue of the 
EUWA; 
(B) 
at any time to fewer than 150 natural or legal persons (other than qualified 
investors as defined in Article 2 of Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 as it forms part of 
domestic law by virtue of the EUWA) in the United Kingdom subject to obtaining 
the prior consent of the relevant Dealer or Dealers nominated by the relevant 
Issuer for any such offer; or 
(C) 
at any time in any other circumstances falling within section 86 of the FSMA, 
provided that no such offer of Notes referred to in paragraph (A) to (C) above shall require the 
relevant Issuer or any Dealer to publish a prospectus pursuant to section 85 of the FSMA or 
supplement a prospectus pursuant to Article 23 of Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 as it forms part of 
domestic law by virtue of the EUWA. 
For the purposes of this provision, the expression "an offer of Notes to the public" in relation to any Notes 
means the communication in any form and by any means of sufficient information on the terms of the offer 
and the Notes to be offered so as to enable an investor to decide to purchase or subscribe for the Notes and 
the expression "UK Prospectus Regulation" means Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 as it forms part of 
domestic law by virtue of the EUWA.  
Other UK regulatory restrictions 
Each Dealer has represented, warranted and agreed that: 
(a) 
No deposit-taking:  in relation to any Notes having a maturity of less than one year: 
(i) 
it is a person whose ordinary activities involve it in acquiring, holding, managing or 
disposing of investments (as principal or agent) for the purposes of its business; and:  
(ii) 
it has not offered or sold and will not offer or sell any Notes other than to persons: 
(A) 
whose ordinary activities involve them in acquiring, holding, managing or 
disposing of investments (as principal or agent) for the purposes of their 
businesses; or 
(B) 
who it is reasonable to expect will acquire, hold, manage or dispose of 
investments (as principal or agent) for the purposes of their businesses, 
where the issue of the Notes would otherwise constitute a contravention of Section 19 of 
the FSMA by the relevant Issuer or the Guarantor; 
(b) 
Financial promotion:  it has only communicated or caused to be communicated and will only 
communicate or cause to be communicated any invitation or inducement to engage in investment 
activity (within the meaning of section 21 of the FSMA) received by it in connection with the issue 
or sale of any Notes in circumstances in which section 21(1) of the FSMA does not apply to the 
relevant Issuer and the Guarantor; and 
(c) 
General compliance: it has complied and will comply with all applicable provisions of the FSMA 
with respect to anything done by it in relation to any Notes in, from or otherwise involving the 
United Kingdom. 
The Kingdom of Denmark 
Each Dealer has represented and agreed, that it has not offered or sold, and will not offer, sell or deliver 
any of the Notes directly or indirectly in the Kingdom of Denmark by way of a public offering, unless in 
compliance with the Danish Capital Markets Act, consolidated act no. 41 of 13 January 2023, as amended,

--- Page 120 ---
10249879381-v10 
- 120 - 
70-41048341 
 
and any executive orders issued thereunder and in compliance with Executive Order no. 191 of 31 January 
2022 issued pursuant to, inter alia, the Danish Financial Business Act, consolidated act no. 406 of 29 March 
2022, as amended, to the extent applicable.   
Japan 
The Notes have not been and will not be registered under the Financial Instruments and Exchange Act of 
Japan (Act No. 25 of 1948), as amended (the "FIEA").  Accordingly, each Dealer has represented and 
agreed, that it has not, directly or indirectly, offered or sold and will not, directly or indirectly, offer to sell 
any Notes in Japan or to, or for the benefit of, a resident of Japan (which term as used herein means any 
person resident in Japan, including any corporation or other entity organised under the laws of Japan) or to 
others for re-offering or resale, directly or indirectly, in Japan or to, or for the benefit of, any resident in 
Japan, except pursuant to an exemption from the registration requirements of, and otherwise in compliance 
with, FIEA and other relevant laws and regulations of Japan. 
The Netherlands 
Zero Coupon Notes in definitive bearer form and other Notes in definitive bearer form on which interest 
does not become due and payable during their term but only at maturity (savings certificates or 
spaarbewijzen as defined in The Netherlands Savings Certificates Act (Wet inzake spaarbewijzen, the 
"SCA")) may only be transferred and accepted, directly or indirectly, within, from or into The Netherlands 
through the mediation of either the relevant Issuer or a member of Euronext Amsterdam N.V. with due 
observance of the provisions of the SCA and its implementing regulations (which include registration 
requirements). No such mediation is required, however, in respect of (i) the initial issue of such Notes to 
the first holders thereof, (ii) the transfer and acceptance by individuals who do not act in the conduct of a 
profession or business and (iii) the issue and trading of such Notes if they are physically issued outside The 
Netherlands and are not immediately thereafter distributed in The Netherlands. 
As used herein "Zero Coupon Notes" are Notes that are in bearer form and that constitute a claim for a fixed 
sum against the relevant Issuer and on which interest does not become due during their tenor or on which 
no interest is due whatsoever. 
General 
Each Dealer has represented, warranted and agreed that it has, to the best of its knowledge and belief, 
complied and will comply in all material respects with all applicable laws and regulations in each country 
or jurisdiction in or from which it purchases, offers, sells or delivers Notes or possesses, distributes or 
publishes this Base Prospectus or any Final Terms or any related offering material, in all cases at its own 
expense.  Other persons into whose hands this Base Prospectus or any Final Terms comes are required by 
the Issuers and the Dealers to comply with all applicable laws and regulations in each country or jurisdiction 
in or from which they purchase, offer, sell or deliver Notes or possess, distribute or publish this Base 
Prospectus or any Final Terms or any related offering material, in all cases at their own expense. 
The Dealer Agreement provides that the Dealers shall not be bound by any of the restrictions relating to 
any specific jurisdiction (set out above) to the extent that such restrictions shall, as a result of change(s) or 
change(s) in official interpretation, after the date hereof, of applicable laws and regulations, no longer be 
applicable but without prejudice to the obligations of the Dealers described in the paragraph headed 
"General" above. 
Selling restrictions may be supplemented or modified with the agreement of the Issuers and the Guarantor.  
Any such supplement or modification may be set out in a supplement to this Base Prospectus.

--- Page 121 ---
10249879381-v10 
- 121 - 
70-41048341 
 
GENERAL INFORMATION 
Authorisation 
1. 
The establishment of the Programme was approved by the Board of Directors of DSV A/S on 6 
February 2020 and the Board of Directors of DSV Finance B.V. on 15 February 2022 and the 
update of the Programme was approved by the Board of Directors of DSV A/S on 1 February 2023 
and the Board of Directors of DSV Finance B.V. on 13 February 2023. Each of the Issuers and the 
Guarantor has obtained or will obtain from time to time all necessary consents, approvals and 
authorisations in connection with the issue and performance of the Notes and the giving of the 
Guarantee of the Notes. 
Legal and Arbitration Proceedings 
2. 
There are no governmental, legal or arbitration proceedings, (including any such proceedings 
which are pending or threatened, of which the Issuers or the Guarantor are aware), which may have, 
or have had during the 12 months prior to the date of this Base Prospectus, a significant effect on 
the financial position or profitability of the Group. 
Significant/Material Change 
3. 
Since 31 December 2022, there has been no material adverse change in the prospects and there has 
been no significant change in the financial performance or the financial position, of DSV A/S and 
its Subsidiaries. 
4. 
Since 31 December 2021, there has been no material adverse change in the prospects and there has 
been no significant change in the financial performance or the financial position, of DSV Finance 
B.V.  
Auditors 
5. 
The consolidated financial statements of DSV A/S have been audited without qualification for the 
years ended 31 December 2022 and 31 December 2021 by PricewaterhouseCoopers 
Statsautoriseret Revisionspartnerselskab (authorised by the Danish Commerce and Companies 
Agency and regulated by the Danish Act on State Authorised Public Accountants and otherwise 
by the laws of the Kingdom of Denmark), who have given, and have not withdrawn, their consent 
to the inclusion of their report in this Base Prospectus in the form and context in which it is included. 
6. 
The audited financial statements of DSV Finance B.V. have been audited without qualification for 
the year ended 31 December 2021 by BDO Audit & Assurance B.V. BDO Audit & Assurance B.V. 
is a member of The Royal Netherlands Institute of Chartered Accountants (Koninklijke 
Nederlandse Beroepsorganisatie van Accountants) in the Netherlands and is registered with the 
Dutch Authority for the Financial Markets (Autoriteit Financiële Markten) who have given, and 
have not withdrawn, their consent to the inclusion of their report in this Base Prospectus in the 
form and context in which it is included. 
Documents on Display 
7. 
Copies of the following documents (together with English translations thereof) may be inspected 
during normal business hours at the offices of the Issuers and the Guarantor at DSV A/S, 
Hovedgaden 630, 2640 Hedehusene, Denmark or at https://investor.dsv.com/download-library for 
the 12 months from the date of this Base Prospectus: 
(a) 
the Articles of Association of the Issuers and the Guarantor (as the same may be updated 
from time to time);  
(b) 
the audited consolidated financial statements of DSV A/S for the years ended 
31 December 2022 and 31 December 2021; 
(c) 
the audited financial statements of DSV Finance B.V. for the year ended 31 December 
2021;

--- Page 122 ---
10249879381-v10 
- 122 - 
70-41048341 
 
(d) 
the Agency Agreement; 
(e) 
the Deed of Covenant; 
(f) 
the Deed of Guarantee; 
(g) 
the Programme Manual (which contains the forms of the Notes in global and definitive 
form); and 
(h) 
the Issuer-ICSDs Agreement (which is entered into between each Issuer and Euroclear 
and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg with respect to the settlement in Euroclear and/or 
Clearstream, Luxembourg of Notes in New Global Note form). 
For the avoidance of doubt, unless specifically incorporated by reference into this base prospectus, 
information contained on the website does not form part of this base prospectus. 
This Base Prospectus will be available, in electronic format, on the website of Euronext Dublin 
(www.euronext.com/en/markets/dublin). 
Material Contracts 
8. 
No contracts have been entered into by the Issuers or the Guarantor outside the ordinary course of 
any of the Issuers' or the Guarantor's or a member of the Group which are, or may be, material and 
contain provisions under which the Issuers or the Guarantor or any member of the Group has an 
obligation or entitlement which is, or may be, material to the ability of the Issuers or the Guarantor 
to meet their obligations in respect of the Notes or the Guarantee of the Notes. 
Clearing of the Notes 
9. 
The Notes have been accepted for clearance through Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg.  The 
appropriate common code and the International Securities Identification Number (ISIN) in relation 
to the Notes of each Tranche will be specified in the relevant Final Terms.  The relevant Final 
Terms shall specify any other clearing system as shall have accepted the relevant Notes for 
clearance together with any further appropriate information. 
Notes Having a Maturity of Less Than One Year 
10. 
Where Notes have a maturity of less than one year and either (a) the issue proceeds are received 
by the relevant Issuer in the United Kingdom or (b) the activity of issuing the Notes is carried on 
from an establishment maintained by the relevant Issuer in the United Kingdom, such Notes must: 
(i) have a minimum redemption value of £100,000 (or its equivalent in other currencies) and be 
issued only to persons whose ordinary activities involve them in acquiring, holding, managing or 
disposing of investments (as principal or agent) for the purposes of their businesses or who it is 
reasonable to expect will acquire, hold, manage or dispose of investments (as principal or agent) 
for the purposes of their businesses; or (ii) be issued in other circumstances which do not constitute 
a contravention of section 19 of the FSMA by the relevant Issuer. 
Issue Price and Yield 
11. 
Notes may be issued at any price. The issue price of each Tranche of Notes to be issued under the 
Programme will be determined by the relevant Issuer, the Guarantor, if applicable, and the relevant 
Dealer(s) at the time of issue in accordance with prevailing market conditions and the issue price 
of the relevant Notes or the method of determining the price and the process for its disclosure will 
be set out in the applicable Final Terms. In the case of different Tranches of a Series of Notes, the 
issue price may include accrued interest in respect of the period from the interest commencement 
date of the relevant Tranche (which may be the issue date of the first Tranche of the Series or, if 
interest payment dates have already passed, the most recent interest payment date in respect of the 
Series) to the issue date of the relevant Tranche. 
The yield of each Tranche of Notes set out in the applicable Final Terms will be calculated as of 
the relevant issue date on an annual or semi-annual basis using the relevant issue price.  It is not 
an indication of future yield.

--- Page 123 ---
10249879381-v10 
- 123 - 
70-41048341 
 
12. 
Arthur Cox Listing Services Limited is acting solely in its capacity as listing agent for the Issuers 
in relation to the Notes and is not itself seeking admission of the Notes to the Official List of 
Euronext Dublin or to trading on the Regulated Market for the purposes of the EU Prospectus 
Regulation. 
13. 
Legal Entity Identifiers (LEI)  
The Legal Entity Identifier ("LEI") of DSV A/S is 529900X41C0BSLK67H70 and the LEI of 
DSV Finance B.V. is 529900RTQQ0IIS4B3E03). 
14. 
Issuers and Guarantor website 
The website of the Issuers and the Guarantor is https://www.dsv.com. Unless specifically 
incorporated by reference into this Base Prospectus, information contained on the website does not 
form part of this Base Prospectus. 
15. 
Validity of prospectus and prospectus supplements 
For the avoidance of doubt, the Issuers shall have no obligation to supplement this Base Prospectus 
after the end of its 12-month validity period.

--- Page 124 ---
10249879381-v10 
 
70-41048341 
 
REGISTERED OFFICES OF THE ISSUERS 
DSV A/S 
Hovedgaden 630  
2640 Hedehusene  
Denmark 
DSV Finance B.V. 
Tasmanweg 2, 
5928LH Venlo 
The Netherlands 
GUARANTOR 
DSV A/S 
Hovedgaden 630  
2640 Hedehusene  
Denmark 
DEALERS 
BNP Paribas  
16, boulevard des Italiens  
75009 Paris  
France 
 
HSBC Continental Europe 
38, avenue Kléber 
75116 Paris 
France 
Nordea Bank Abp 
Satamaradankatu 5 
FI 00020 Nordea 
Helsinki 
Finland 
Danske Bank A/S 
2-12 Holmens Kanal 
DK 1092 Copenhagen K 
Denmark 
 
ING Bank N.V. 
Foppingadreef 7 
1102 BD Amsterdam 
The Netherlands 
 
Nykredit Bank A/S 
Kalvebod Brygge 1-3 
DK 1780 
Copenhagen V 
Denmark 
REGISTRAR, FISCAL, PAYING AND TRANSFER AGENT 
HSBC Bank plc 
8 Canada Square 
London E14 5HQ 
United Kingdom 
IRISH LISTING AGENT 
Arthur Cox Listing Services Limited 
Earlsfort Centre 
Ten Earlsfort Terrace 
Dublin 2 
The Republic of Ireland 
LEGAL ADVISERS 
To the Dealers as to English law: 
Clifford Chance LLP 
10 Upper Bank Street 
London E14 5JJ 
United Kingdom

--- Page 125 ---
10249879381-v10 
 
70-41048341 
 
To DSV A/S as to Danish law: 
Moalem Weitemeyer Advokatpartnerselskab 
Amaliegade 3 
DK-1256 
Copenhagen 
Denmark 
 
To DSV Finance B.V. as to Dutch law: 
Dentons Europe LLP 
Gustav Mahlerplein 2 
1082 MA Amsterdam 
The Netherlands 
 
AUDITORS TO DSV A/S 
PricewaterhouseCoopers Statsautoriseret Revisionspartnerselskab 
Strandvejen 44  
DK-2900  
Hellerup Denmark 
 
AUDITORS TO DSV FINANCE B.V. 
 
BDO Audit & Assurance B.V 
P.I. Box 71730, 1008 DE Amsterdam 
Krijgsman 9, 1186 DM Amstelveen 
The Netherlands