--- Page 1 ---
1 
PROGRAMME PROSPECTUS 
DUNIA CAPITAL B.V. 
(Incorporated with limited liability in the Netherlands and having its corporate seat in Amsterdam, 
the Netherlands) 
Legal Entity Identifier: 7245004A5VZ0AHE6LE32 
EUR 5,000,000,000 Programme 
for the issue of Notes and the making of Alternative Investments 
DUNIA Capital B.V., a special purpose vehicle being a private company with limited liability (besloten vennootschap met beperkte 
aansprakelijkheid) incorporated under Dutch law with its seat (zetel) in Amsterdam, the Netherlands, its registered office at Basisweg 
10, 1043 AP Amsterdam, the Netherlands and registered with the Dutch Chamber of Commerce (Kamer van Koophandel) under 
number 34265018 (the “Issuer”), may issue notes (“Notes”) and may raise finance by other means, including, without limitation, by 
way of loan or entry into other derivative transactions (“Alternative Investments”) under this EUR 5,000,000,000 Programme for the 
issue of Notes and the making of Alternative Investments (the “Programme”). Notes will be issued and Alternative Investments will be 
entered into in series (each, a “Series”). Notes which are listed will have the terms and conditions set forth in this programme 
prospectus (the “Programme Prospectus”), as completed in respect of each issue by final terms for such Series (the “Final Terms”). 
Notes which are unlisted will have the terms and conditions set forth in this Programme Prospectus as completed and amended, 
modified and/or supplemented by the pricing supplement for such Series (the “Pricing Supplement”). The Final Terms or Pricing 
Supplement, as the case may be, for a Series will be set out in the constituting instrument in respect of such Series (each, a 
“Constituting Instrument”). The Constituting Instrument will constitute and secure the Notes of the relevant Series and will also set 
out the various agreements entered into between the Issuer and the other parties to the Constituting Instrument in respect of such 
Series on the terms set out in the various master terms documents specified in the relevant Constituting Instrument, as amended, 
modified and/or supplemented by the relevant Constituting Instrument. Capitalised terms used and not defined on this front page will 
have the meanings ascribed to them elsewhere in this Programme Prospectus.  
Each Series will constitute limited recourse obligations of the Issuer, payable solely from the Collateral in respect of such Series. The 
Collateral in respect of a Series will consist of the Charged Assets and/or the Charged Agreements specified in the Final Terms or 
Pricing Supplement, as the case may be, for such Series, together with the rights and entitlements described in Condition 4. If the net 
proceeds of the enforcement of the Collateral for a Series are not sufficient to make all payments due in respect of the Notes or 
Alternative Investments of that Series (after payment of all obligations senior thereto), no other assets of the Issuer will be available to 
meet such shortfall, and the claims of Noteholders or parties to Alternative Investments and any Swap Counterparty in respect of such 
Series and such shortfall shall be extinguished. None of such persons will be able to petition for the winding-up of the Issuer as a 
consequence of any such shortfall or otherwise.  
The Collateral for a Series will also secure the Issuer’s obligations to the Swap Counterparty, if any, in respect of such Series, unless 
otherwise specified in the Constituting Instrument for such Series. Intesa Sanpaolo S.p.A. (into which Banca IMI S.p.A. was 
incorporated in July 2020) (“IMI-Intesa Sanpaolo”) will be the Swap Counterparty under any Charged Agreement. 
In addition to the Charged Assets, the Final Terms or Pricing Supplement, as the case may be, for a Series will specify the aggregate 
principal amount, the interest, if any, the issue price, the issue date, the maturity date and the relevant priority of payments which are 
applicable to such Series.  
The aggregate principal amount of all Notes or Alternative Investments from time to time issued by the Issuer will not exceed EUR 
5,000,000,000 or its equivalent in other currencies at the time of the agreement to issue (the “Programme Limit”), provided that the 
Issuer may increase such amount as described herein. 
The Issuer may issue further Notes on the same terms as existing Notes and such further Notes shall be consolidated and form a 
single series with such existing Notes in accordance with Condition 16. 
This Programme Prospectus constitutes a base prospectus for the purposes of Article 8.1 of Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 of the 
European Parliament and of the Counsel of 14 June 2017 (and amendments thereto) (the “Prospectus Regulation”). 
This Programme Prospectus has been approved by the Commission de Surveillance du Secteur Financier (the “CSSF”), as 
competent authority under Prospectus Regulation and relevant implementing measures in Luxembourg. This Programme Prospectus 
is a base prospectus within the meaning of the Prospectus Regulation and is produced for the purpose of giving information with 
regard to the issue of Notes under the Programme during the period of 12 months from the date of approval of this Programme 
Prospectus. The CSSF only approves this Programme Prospectus as meeting the standards of completeness, comprehensibility and 
consistency imposed by the Prospectus Regulation. Such approval should not be considered as an endorsement of the Issuer or the 
quality of the securities that are the subject of this Programme Prospectus. Pursuant to Article 6(4) of the Luxembourg Act of 16 July 
2019 on prospectuses for securities, as may be amended from time to time (the “Luxembourg Prospectus Law”), the CSSF 
assumes no responsibility as to the economic and financial soundness of any Notes or Alternative Investments issued pursuant to this 
Programme Prospectus or as to the quality or solvency of the Issuer. Investors should make their own assessment as to the suitability 
of investing in the Notes and/or Alternative Investments.  
THE CSSF HAS NEITHER REVIEWED NOR APPROVED ANY INFORMATION IN THIS PROGRAMME PROSPECTUS 
PERTAINING TO UNLISTED NOTES AND ALTERNATIVE INVESTMENTS. THE CSSF HAS NOT REVIEWED NOR APPROVED 
ANY INFORMATION REGARDING THE FORM OF PRICING SUPPLEMENT (THE “PRICING SUPPLEMENT”). 
Application has been made for Notes issued under the Programme to be admitted to trading on the regulated market of the 
Luxembourg Stock Exchange (the “Luxembourg Stock Exchange”) which is a regulated market for the purposes of Directive 
2014/65/EU on markets in financial instruments, as amended (“MiFID II”) and to be listed on the official list of the Luxembourg Stock 
Exchange. Notes may be listed and admitted to trading on such other regulated markets or further stock exchanges as may be agreed 
between the Issuer and the Dealers, and may also be unlisted.

--- Page 2 ---
2
Series of Notes may be rated by S&P Global Ratings Europe Limited (“S&P”), Moody’s Deutschland GmbH (“Moody’s”), Fitch 
Ratings Ireland Limited (“Fitch”) and/or other rating agencies specified in the Final Terms or Pricing Supplement, as the case may be, 
in respect of such Series or they may be unrated. A security rating of any Notes is not a recommendation to buy, sell or hold securities 
and may be subject to suspension, reduction or withdrawal at any time by the assigning rating agency. 
The attention of investors is drawn to “Risk Factors” on page 32. 
Arranger 
IMI – Intesa Sanpaolo
The date of this Programme Prospectus is 15 December 2022.

--- Page 3 ---
3
Notes may be issued in bearer form initially represented by a temporary global Note, by a 
permanent global Note or by definitive Notes, or in registered form represented by definitive 
registered certificates and/or a registered certificate in global form. Notes in bearer form will be 
subject to United States tax law requirements. The section entitled “Overview of the Programme - 
Form of Notes” contains further details relating to the form of Notes which may be issued under 
the Programme and, in the case of a non-U.S. Series or Tranche of Notes, the exchange of 
interests in a temporary global Note for interests in a permanent global Note and the exchange of 
interests in a global Note for definitive Notes. The section entitled “Subscription and Sale” 
contains further details relating to the selling and transfer restrictions applicable to the Notes. 
The form of any Alternative Investments may be by way of loan or other financial instrument 
(including swap and derivative transactions). 
THIS PROGRAMME PROSPECTUS, TOGETHER WITH THE RELEVANT FINAL TERMS OR 
PRICING SUPPLEMENT, AS THE CASE MAY BE, FOR EACH SERIES, SUPERSEDES ANY 
PRIOR AGREEMENT, INFORMATION, OR UNDERSTANDING, WRITTEN OR ORAL, 
RELATING TO SUCH SERIES, AND INVESTORS MUST RELY SOLELY ON THIS 
PROGRAMME PROSPECTUS AND THE RELEVANT FINAL TERMS OR PRICING 
SUPPLEMENT, AS THE CASE MAY BE, IN MAKING AN INVESTMENT DECISION AND NOT 
ON ANY SUCH PRIOR AGREEMENT, INFORMATION OR UNDERSTANDING. 
THE VALIDITY OF THIS PROGRAMME PROSPECTUS WILL EXPIRE ON 15 DECEMBER 
2023. THE OBLIGATION TO SUPPLEMENT A PROSPECTUS IN THE EVENT OF 
SIGNIFICANT NEW FACTORS, MATERIAL MISTAKES OR MATERIAL INACCURACIES DOES 
NOT APPLY WHEN A PROSPECTUS IS NO LONGER VALID. 
NOTES ISSUED UNDER THE PROGRAMME HAVE NOT BEEN AND WILL NOT BE 
REGISTERED UNDER THE UNITED STATES SECURITIES ACT OF 1933, AS AMENDED 
(THE “SECURITIES ACT”), OR ANY STATE SECURITIES LAWS, AND THE ISSUER IS NOT 
AND WILL NOT BE REGISTERED UNDER THE UNITED STATES INVESTMENT COMPANY 
ACT OF 1940, AS AMENDED (THE “1940 ACT”). EXCEPT AS SET FORTH IN THE RELEVANT 
FINAL TERMS OR PRICING SUPPLEMENT, AS THE CASE MAY BE, NOTES MAY NOT BE 
OFFERED, SOLD OR OTHERWISE TRANSFERRED WITHIN THE UNITED STATES OR TO, 
OR FOR THE ACCOUNT OR BENEFIT OF, ANY U.S. PERSON (AS DEFINED IN 
REGULATION S UNDER THE SECURITIES ACT), ANY U.S. PERSON (AS DEFINED IN THE 
FINAL RISK RETENTION RULES PROMULGATED UNDER SECTION 15G OF THE U.S. 
SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934, AS AMENDED (THE “EXCHANGE ACT”)) OR TO 
PERSONS WHO ARE NOT NON-UNITED STATES PERSONS (AS DEFINED IN CFTC RULE 
4.7 OF THE UNITED STATES COMMODITY FUTURES TRADING COMMISSION). 
BENEFICIAL INTERESTS IN THE NOTES OF ANY U.S. SERIES OR U.S. TRANCHE (EACH 
AS DEFINED BELOW) MUST BE IN THE MINIMUM DENOMINATION SPECIFIED IN THE 
APPLICABLE FINAL TERMS OR PRICING SUPPLEMENT, AS THE CASE MAY BE.  
(a) 
Each initial purchaser or holder of Notes of a U.S. Series or U.S. Tranche represented by 
definitive registered certificates will represent and warrant that: (1) it is purchasing the Notes for 
its own account (or for accounts as to which it exercises sole investment discretion and in respect 
of which it has the authority to make, and does make, the statements contained in the Investment 
Agreement (as defined below)), and it has signed and delivered to the Arranger and each Dealer 
(as defined below) in relation to the Notes of a U.S. Series or U.S. Tranche an investment 
agreement or similar document (an “Investment Agreement”) containing certain representations 
and warranties as more fully described under the heading “Investment Agreement applicable to 
Registered Notes of a U.S. Series/U.S. Tranche” in Condition 1(b)(3) under “Terms and 
Conditions of the Notes” set out in this Programme Prospectus; and (2) it and any such account

--- Page 4 ---
4
referred to in (1) above are either (A) not U.S. Persons, or (B) (i)(a) qualified institutional buyers 
as defined in Rule 144A under the Securities Act (“QIBs”) or (b) “accredited investors” within the 
meaning of Rule 501(a)(1), (2), (3) or (7) under Regulation D under the Securities Act (“AIs”) who 
are acquiring the Notes for investment purposes and not with a view to the distribution thereof, 
and (ii)(a) to the extent the exemption provided by Section 3(c)(7) of the 1940 Act is being relied 
upon, are “Qualified Purchasers” as defined in Section 2(a)(51) of the 1940 Act and the rules and 
regulations thereunder that are beneficial owners of such Notes for purposes of Section 3(c)(7) of 
the 1940 Act and the rules and regulations thereunder (“QPs”). Investors satisfying clause (A) or 
(B) above are referred to herein as “Eligible Investors”. Each subsequent purchaser or 
transferee of Notes of a U.S. Series or U.S. Tranche will be required to execute and deliver a 
transfer letter containing certain representations and warranties, as more fully described under 
the heading “Transfer Letter applicable to Registered Notes of a U.S. Series/U.S. Tranche” in 
Condition 1(b)(3) under “Terms and Conditions of the Notes” set out in this Programme 
Prospectus. 
(b) 
Notes of a U.S. Series or U.S. Tranche represented by a registered certificate in global 
form may be subject to the Alternative Procedures, as more fully described under the heading 
“Alternative procedures” in Condition 1(b)(3) under “Terms and Conditions of the Notes” set out in 
this Programme Prospectus. Unless otherwise specified in the applicable Final Terms or Pricing 
Supplement, as the case may be, such Notes may be offered or sold only (i) to persons that are 
not U.S. Persons (as defined in Regulation S under the Securities Act) outside the United States; 
or (ii) to persons reasonably believed by the Issuer and the Arranger to be QIBs that are also QPs, 
in reliance on Rule 144A under the Securities Act and Section 3(c)(7) of the 1940 Act. Each initial 
purchaser and subsequent transferee of such Notes will be deemed to have made the 
acknowledgements, representations and agreements with the Issuer and the Arranger set forth 
under the heading “Subscription and Sale – United States – U.S. Transfer Restrictions in the 
Event that the Alternative Procedures Apply”. To enforce the restrictions on transfer applicable to 
such Notes, the Issuer shall have the right to force the sale or redemption of such Notes held by 
U.S. Persons who are determined not to be Qualifying QIBs/QPs (as defined herein).  
(c) 
Unless otherwise specified in the related Constituting Instrument, each purchaser or 
holder of Notes will be deemed to represent that it is not, and for so long as it holds any Notes will 
not be, an employee benefit plan subject to the fiduciary responsibility provisions of the U.S. 
Employee Retirement Income Security Act of 1974 as amended (“ERISA”), a plan subject to 
Section 4975 of the United States Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended and regulations 
thereunder (the “Code”), a person or entity whose assets include the assets of any such 
employee benefit plan or plan by reason of 29 C.F.R. Section 2510.3-101 or otherwise, or any 
other employee benefit plan without regard to the federal, state, local or foreign law pursuant to 
which the plan is organised or administered, and such purchaser or holder is not using the assets 
of any such plan to acquire the Notes.  
Purchasers of the Notes are hereby notified that the Arranger (as defined herein) and the Dealers 
(as defined herein) may be relying on the exemption from the registration requirements of the 
Securities Act provided by Rule 144A under the Securities Act. So long as any of the Notes are 
“restricted securities” within the meaning of Rule 144(a)(3) under the Securities Act, the Issuer 
will, unless it becomes subject to and complies with Section 13 or 15(d) of the United States 
Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the “Exchange Act”), or becomes exempt from 
such reporting requirements pursuant to, and complies with, Rule 12g3-2(b) under the Exchange 
Act, provide to each holder of such restricted securities and to each prospective purchaser (as 
designated by such holder) of such restricted securities, upon the request of such holder or 
prospective purchaser, any information required to be provided by Rule 144A(d)(4) under the 
Securities Act.

--- Page 5 ---
5
Each Series issued under the Programme may be rated by S&P, Moody’s, Fitch and/or such 
other rating agency specified in the Final Terms or Pricing Supplement, as the case may be, in 
respect of such Series (each, a “Rating Agency” and collectively, the “Rating Agencies”). 
Unrated Series may be issued under the Programme provided that if S&P has rated a prior Series 
under the Programme, S&P has reviewed the terms of such unrated Series and confirmed in 
writing that such issuance would not adversely affect any of their respective current ratings of 
Series under the Programme then in force.
S&P, Moody’s and Fitch are credit rating agencies established in the European Union and are 
each registered under Regulation 1060/2009/EC of the European Parliament and of the Council 
of 16 September 2009 on credit rating agencies (as amended by Regulation 513/2011/EU) (the 
“CRA Regulation”) as evidenced by the list dated 14 May 2012 published by ESMA in 
accordance with Article 18(3) of the CRA Regulation. Such list is available on the website of the 
ESMA: http://www.esma.europa.eu/supervision/credit-rating-agencies/risk. 
Any websites included in this Prospectus are for information purposes only and do not form part 
of this Prospectus and has not been scrutinised or approved by the competent authority, unless 
such information is specifically incorporated by reference into this Prospectus. 
THE NOTES AND ALTERNATIVE INVESTMENTS WILL BE OBLIGATIONS SOLELY OF THE 
ISSUER AND WILL NOT BE GUARANTEED BY, OR BE THE RESPONSIBILITY OF, ANY 
OTHER ENTITY. THE NOTES AND ANY OBLIGATIONS OF THE ISSUER PURSUANT TO 
ALTERNATIVE 
INVESTMENTS 
CONSTITUTE 
SECURED 
LIMITED 
RECOURSE 
OBLIGATIONS OF THE ISSUER, AND CLAIMS AGAINST THE ISSUER BY NOTEHOLDERS, 
PARTIES TO ALTERNATIVE INVESTMENTS AND ANY SWAP COUNTERPARTY IN 
RESPECT OF A SERIES, WILL BE LIMITED TO THE COLLATERAL FOR SUCH SERIES. THE 
PRIORITY OF PAYMENTS TO AND CLAIMS OF SUCH PERSONS SET OUT IN CONDITION 4 
WHICH WILL APPLY TO THE RELEVANT SERIES WILL BE SPECIFIED IN THE RELEVANT 
FINAL TERMS OR PRICING SUPPLEMENT, AS THE CASE MAY BE. IF THE NET PROCEEDS 
OF ENFORCEMENT OF THE COLLATERAL FOR A SERIES ARE NOT SUFFICIENT TO MAKE 
ALL PAYMENTS DUE IN RESPECT OF THE NOTES OR ALTERNATIVE INVESTMENTS OF 
THAT SERIES (AFTER PAYMENT OF ALL OBLIGATIONS OF THE ISSUER SENIOR 
THERETO), NO OTHER ASSETS OF THE ISSUER WILL BE AVAILABLE TO MEET SUCH 
SHORTFALL AND THE CLAIMS OF NOTEHOLDERS OR PARTIES TO ALTERNATIVE 
INVESTMENTS AND ANY SWAP COUNTERPARTY IN RESPECT OF ANY SUCH SHORTFALL 
SHALL BE EXTINGUISHED. NONE OF SUCH PERSONS WILL BE ABLE TO PETITION FOR 
THE WINDING-UP OF THE ISSUER AS A CONSEQUENCE OF ANY SUCH SHORTFALL OR 
OTHERWISE. 
The Issuer accepts responsibility for the information contained in this Programme Prospectus. To 
the best of the knowledge and belief of the Issuer, the information contained in this Programme 
Prospectus relating to it is in accordance with the facts and does not omit anything likely to affect 
the import of such information. The delivery of this Programme Prospectus at any time does not 
imply any information contained herein is correct at any time subsequent to the date hereof. 
The information relating to The Bank of New York Mellon, The Bank of New York Mellon SA/NV, 
Luxembourg Branch and Intesa Sanpaolo S.p.A. contained in the section headed “Description of 
the Transaction Parties” has been accurately reproduced from information published by The Bank 
of New York Mellon, The Bank of New York Mellon SA/NV, Luxembourg Branch and Intesa 
Sanpaolo S.p.A., respectively, or has been accurately reproduced from publicly available 
information. So far as the Issuer is aware and is able to ascertain from such information, no facts 
have been omitted which would render the reproduced information misleading.

--- Page 6 ---
6
No person has been authorised to give any information or to make any representation other than 
those contained in this Programme Prospectus and/or in the relevant Final Terms or Pricing 
Supplement, as the case may be, in connection with the issue or sale of the Notes or Alternative 
Investments and, if given or made, such information or representation must not be relied upon as 
having been authorised by the Issuer or the Arranger. 
None of the Arranger, the Swap Counterparty, the Determination Agent, the Realisation Agent, 
Intesa Sanpaolo S.p.A. (in any other capacity in which it acts under the Programme), the 
Administrator, the Trustee, the Share Trustee, any Dealer, or any Agent (each as defined herein 
and together, in relation to the Programme, the “Programme Parties”) has separately verified the 
information contained herein and accordingly none of the Programme Parties makes any 
representation, recommendation or warranty, express or implied, regarding the accuracy, 
adequacy, reasonableness or completeness of the information contained herein or in any further 
information, notice or other document which may at any time be supplied in connection with the 
Notes and the Alternative Investments or their distribution and none of them accepts any 
responsibility or liability therefor. None of the Programme Parties undertakes to review the 
financial condition or affairs of the Issuer during the life of the arrangements contemplated by this 
Programme Prospectus or to advise any investor or potential investor in the Notes or any party to 
any Alternative Investments of any information coming to the attention of any of such Programme 
Parties. 
This Programme Prospectus does not constitute an offer of, or an invitation by or on behalf of the 
Issuer or the Arranger to subscribe for, or purchase, any Notes, or to enter into any Alternative 
Investments. 
The distribution of this Programme Prospectus and each Final Terms or Pricing Supplement, as 
the case may be, and the offering or sale of the Notes or the entering into of Alternative 
Investments in certain jurisdictions may be restricted by law. Persons into whose possession this 
Programme Prospectus and any such Final Terms or Pricing Supplement, as the case may be, 
come are required by the Issuer, the Trustee and the Arranger to inform themselves about and to 
observe any such restriction. 
In this Programme Prospectus, unless otherwise specified or the context otherwise requires, 
references to “dollars”, “U.S. dollars”, “USD” and “U.S.$” are to United States dollars, references 
to “euro”, “EUR” and “€” are to the currency of the member states of the European Union that 
adopt or have adopted the single currency in accordance with the Treaty establishing the 
European Community as amended by the Treaty of European Union and references to “pounds 
sterling” and “£” are to the lawful currency of the United Kingdom (“UK”). 
In connection with the issue of any Series of Notes, the Arranger (if any) specified in the 
Constituting Instrument (the “Stabilising Agent”) may over-allot Notes (provided that, in the case 
of any Series of Notes to be admitted to trading on the Luxembourg Stock Exchange, the 
aggregate principal amount of Notes allotted does not exceed 105 per cent. of the aggregate 
principal amount of the relevant Series) or effect transactions with a view to supporting the market 
price of the Notes at a level higher than that which might otherwise prevail in the open market. 
However, there is no assurance that the Stabilising Agent (or persons acting on behalf of a 
Stabilising Agent) will undertake stabilisation action. Any stabilisation action may begin on or after 
the date on which adequate public disclosure of the terms of the offer of the relevant Series of 
Notes is made and, if begun, may be ended at any time, but it must end no later than the earlier 
of 30 days after the issue date of the relevant Series of Notes and 60 days after the date of the 
allotment of the relevant Series of Notes. Any stabilisation action or over-allotment must be 
conducted by the relevant Stabilising Agent (or person(s) acting on behalf of any Stabilising 
Agent) in accordance with applicable laws, regulations and rules.

--- Page 7 ---
7
Independent Review and Investment Advice – Each prospective purchaser of Notes or 
Alternative Investments is responsible for making its own investment decision and its own 
independent investigation into and appraisal of the risks arising from an investment in the Notes 
or Alternative Investments as well as all risks associated with the issuers and/or obligors of any 
Charged Assets and any Swap Counterparty. Investors should ensure that they understand the 
nature and extent of their exposure to risk, that they have all requisite knowledge and experience 
in investment, financial and business matters and expertise (or access to professional advisers) 
to make their own legal, regulatory, tax, accounting and financial evaluation of the merits and 
risks of an investment in the Notes or Alternative Investments and to assess the suitability of such 
Notes or Alternative Investments in light of their own circumstances and financial condition. 
Each prospective purchaser of Notes or Alternative Investments must determine, based on its 
own independent review and such professional advice (including, without limitation, tax, 
accounting, credit, legal and regulatory advice) as it deems appropriate under the circumstances, 
that its acquisition and holding of the Notes or Alternative Investments (i) is fully consistent with 
its (or if it is acquiring the Notes in a fiduciary capacity, the beneficiary’s) financial needs, 
objectives and condition; (ii) complies and is fully consistent with all investment policies, 
guidelines and restrictions applicable to it (whether acquiring the Notes as principal or in a 
fiduciary capacity); and (iii) is a fit, proper and suitable investment for it (or if it is acquiring the 
Notes in a fiduciary capacity, for the beneficiary), notwithstanding the clear and substantial risks 
inherent in investing in or holding the Notes or Alternative Investments. 
Neither this Programme Prospectus nor any applicable Final Terms or Pricing Supplement are 
intended to provide the basis of any credit or other evaluation or should be considered as a 
recommendation or as constituting an invitation or offer that any recipient of this Programme 
Prospectus or any applicable Final Terms or Pricing Supplement should purchase any of the 
Notes or Alternative Investments. The Trustee, the Arranger and the Dealer(s) expressly do not 
undertake to review the financial condition, creditworthiness or affairs of the Issuer or any other 
relevant obligor(s) during the life of the arrangements contemplated by this Programme 
Prospectus or the term of any Notes or Alternative Investments issued nor to advise any investor 
or potential investor in the Notes or Alternative Investments of any information coming to the 
attention of any of the Arranger, the Dealer(s), the Trustee or any of their respective affiliates. 
Investor suitability for complex products – Prospective purchasers of Notes or Alternative 
Investments should conduct such independent investigation and analysis regarding the Issuer, 
the security arrangements and the Notes or Alternative Investments as they deem appropriate to 
evaluate the merits and risks of an investment in the Notes or Alternative Investments. 
Prospective purchasers of Notes or Alternative Investments should have sufficient knowledge and 
experience in financial and business matters, and access to, and knowledge of, appropriate 
analytical resources, to evaluate the information contained in this Programme Prospectus and the 
applicable Final Terms or Pricing Supplement and the merits and risks of investing in the Notes or 
Alternative Investments in the context of their financial position and circumstances.  
Sufficient financial resources – Each prospective investor in the Notes or Alternative 
Investments should have sufficient financial resources and liquidity to bear all of the risks of an 
investment in the relevant Notes or Alternative Investments. This includes the risk of where 
principal and interest may reduce as a result of the occurrence of different events whether related 
to the creditworthiness of any entity or otherwise or changes in particular rates, values, prices or 
indices, or where the currency for principal or interest payments is different from the prospective 
investor’s currency.

--- Page 8 ---
8
A prospective investor may not rely on the Issuer, the Arranger, the Dealer(s) or the Trustee or 
any of their respective affiliates in connection with its determination as to the legality of its 
acquisition of the Notes or Alternative Investments or as to the other matters referred to above. 
No Fiduciary Role – None of the Issuer, any of the Programme Parties or any of their respective 
affiliates is acting as an investment adviser, and none of them (other than the Trustee in 
accordance with the provisions set out in the Trust Deed in relation to each Series of Notes or 
Alternative Investments) assumes any fiduciary obligation, to any purchaser of Notes. 
None of the Issuer or any of the Programme Parties assumes any responsibility for conducting or 
failing to conduct any investigation into the business, financial condition, prospects, 
creditworthiness, status and/or affairs of any issuer or obligor of any Charged Assets or the terms 
thereof or of any Swap Counterparty or the terms of the relevant Charged Agreement. 
Investors may not rely on the views or advice of the Issuer, or any of the Programme Parties for 
any information in relation to any person other than such Issuer or Programme Party, respectively. 
No Reliance – A prospective purchaser may not rely on the Issuer, any of the Programme 
Parties or any of their respective affiliates in connection with its determination as to the legality of 
its acquisition of the Notes or as to the other matters referred to above. 
No Representations – None of the Issuer or any of the Programme Parties makes any 
representation or warranty, express or implied, in respect of any Charged Assets or any issuer or 
obligor of any Charged Assets or of any Swap Counterparty or in respect of the relevant Charged 
Agreement or in respect of any information contained in any documents prepared, provided or 
filed by or on behalf of any such issuer or obligor or in respect of such Charged Assets or of any 
Swap Counterparty or in respect of the relevant Charged Agreement with any exchange, 
governmental, supervisory or self regulatory authority or any other person. 
None of the Issuer or any of the Programme Parties makes any representation or warranty in 
respect of the Collateral or in respect of any Swap Counterparty (except that any information set 
herein relating to Intesa Sanpaolo S.p.A. has been obtained from, and shall be the sole 
responsibility of, the Swap Counterparty). 
The risk factors identified in this Programme Prospectus are provided to assist prospective 
purchasers of the Notes in assessing certain relevant risks related to their investment and to 
assist prospective purchasers in making their own informed investment decisions in respect of the 
Notes. The Arranger, the Dealer(s) and the Trustee disclaim any responsibility to advise 
purchasers of Notes of the risks and investment considerations associated therewith as they may 
exist at the date hereof or as they may from time to time alter. Prospective purchasers of the 
Notes should read carefully the information provided in the risk factors before investing in the 
Notes.  
EU Benchmark Regulations – Interest Amounts (as defined in the Terms and Conditions of the 
Notes) and/or other amounts payable under the Notes may be calculated by reference to CMS, 
EURIBOR, SONIA, SOFR, TONA and ESTR. EURIBOR is provided by the European Money 
Markets Institute (“EMMI”). As at the date of this Programme Prospectus EMMI appear on the 
register of administrators established and maintained by the European Securities and Markets 
Authority (the “ESMA Register”) pursuant to Article 36 of the Benchmark Regulation (Regulation 
(EU) 2016/1011) as amended (the “EU Benchmark Regulation” or the “EU BMR”).  However, 
CMS is not an Index as defined in Article 3(1)(1) of the EU BMR.

--- Page 9 ---
9
IMPORTANT – EEA RETAIL INVESTORS - The Notes are not intended to be offered, sold or 
otherwise made available to and should not be offered, sold or otherwise made available to any 
retail investor in the European Economic Area (“EEA”). For these purposes, a retail investor 
means a person who is one (or more) of: (i) a retail client as defined in point (11) of Article 4(1) of 
MiFID II; (ii) a customer within the meaning of Directive 2016/97/EU (as amended or superseded, 
the “Insurance Distribution Directive”), where that customer would not qualify as a professional 
client as defined in point (10) of Article 4(1) of MiFID II; or (iii) not a qualified investor as defined in 
the Prospectus Regulation. Consequently, no key information document required by Regulation 
(EU) No 1286/2014, as amended (the “PRIIPs Regulation”) for offering or selling the Notes or 
otherwise making them available to retail investors in the EEA has been prepared and therefore 
offering or selling the Notes or otherwise making them available to any retail investor in the EEA 
may be unlawful under the PRIIPS Regulation. 
IMPORTANT – UK RETAIL INVESTORS – The Notes are not intended to be offered, sold or 
otherwise made available to and should not be offered, sold or otherwise made available to any 
retail investor in the UK. For these purposes, a retail investor means a person who is one (or 
more) of: (i) a retail client, as defined in point (8) of Article 2 of Regulation (EU) No 2017/565 as it 
forms part of domestic law by virtue of the European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018 (“EUWA”); (ii) 
a customer within the meaning of the provisions of the Financial Services and Markets Act 2000 
(the “FSMA”) and any rules or regulations made under the FSMA to implement the Insurance 
Distribution Directive, where that customer would not qualify as a professional client, as defined in 
point (8) of Article 2(1) of Regulation (EU) No 600/2014 as it forms part of domestic law by virtue 
of the EUWA; or (iii) not a qualified investor as defined in Article 2 of Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 
as it forms part of domestic law by virtue of the EUWA. Consequently no key information 
document required by Regulation (EU) No 1286/2014 as it forms part of domestic law by virtue of 
the EUWA (the “UK PRIIPs Regulation”) for offering or selling the Notes or otherwise making 
them available to retail investors in the UK has been prepared and therefore offering or selling the 
Notes or otherwise making them available to any retail investor in the UK may be unlawful under 
the UK PRIIPs Regulation. 
EEA MIFID II Product Governance / Target Market – The Final Terms or Pricing Supplement in 
respect of any Notes will include a legend entitled “MiFID II Product Governance” which will 
outline the target market assessment in respect of the Notes and which channels for distribution 
of the Notes are appropriate. Any person subsequently offering, selling or recommending the 
Notes (a “distributor”) should take into consideration the target market assessment; however, a 
distributor subject to MiFID II is responsible for undertaking its own target market assessment in 
respect of the Notes (by either adopting or refining the target market assessment) and 
determining appropriate distribution channels.  
UK MiFIR Product Governance / Target Market – The Pricing Supplement in respect of any 
Notes may include a legend entitled “UK MiFIR Product Governance” which will outline the target 
market assessment in respect of the Notes and which channels for distribution of the Notes are 
appropriate. Any person subsequently offering, selling or recommending the Notes (a 
“distributor”) should take into consideration the target market assessment; however, a distributor 
subject to the Financial Conduct Authority (“FCA”) Handbook Product Intervention and Product 
Governance Sourcebook (the “UK MiFIR Product Governance Rules”) is responsible for 
undertaking its own target market assessment in respect of the Notes (by either adopting or 
refining the target market assessment) and determining appropriate distribution channels.  
A determination will be made in relation to each issue about whether, for the purpose of the 
MiFID Product Governance rules under EU Delegated Directive 2017/593 (the “MiFID Product 
Governance Rules”) or the UK MiFIR Product Governance Rules any Dealer subscribing for any 
Notes is a manufacturer in respect of such Notes, but otherwise neither the Arranger nor the

--- Page 10 ---
10
Dealers nor any of their respective affiliates will be a manufacturer for the purpose of the MIFID 
Product Governance Rules or the UK MiFIR Product Governance Rule.

--- Page 11 ---
11
CONTENTS  
OVERVIEW OF THE PROGRAMME .......................................................................................... 12
RISK FACTORS .......................................................................................................................... 32
INVESTOR SUITABILITY ........................................................................................................... 54
CONFLICTS OF INTEREST ....................................................................................................... 56
INFORMATION INCORPORATED BY REFERENCE ................................................................. 57
SUPPLEMENT TO THE PROGRAMME PROSPECTUS ............................................................ 59
TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THE NOTES ............................................................................. 60
FORM OF FINAL TERMS FOR LISTED NOTES ...................................................................... 137
FORM OF PRICING SUPPLEMENT FOR UNLISTED NOTES ................................................. 157
OVERVIEW OF PROVISIONS RELATING TO NOTES WHILE IN GLOBAL FORM ................. 179
TRANSACTION OVERVIEW DIAGRAM ................................................................................... 185
THE CHARGED ASSETS ......................................................................................................... 187
THE CHARGED ASSETS SALE AGREEMENT ........................................................................ 193
CUSTODY ARRANGEMENTS .................................................................................................. 193
DESCRIPTION OF CHARGED AGREEMENTS ....................................................................... 195
DESCRIPTION OF THE ISSUER ............................................................................................. 201
DESCRIPTION OF THE TRANSACTION PARTIES ................................................................. 204
TAXATION ................................................................................................................................ 207
SUBSCRIPTION AND SALE ..................................................................................................... 215
GENERAL INFORMATION ....................................................................................................... 223

--- Page 12 ---
12
OVERVIEW OF THE PROGRAMME 
This overview must be read as an introduction to the Programme Prospectus and should be 
considered as a general description of the Programme. It does not purport to be complete and is 
qualified in its entirety by the remainder of this Programme Prospectus and, in relation to the 
terms and conditions of any particular Tranche/Series of Notes, the applicable Final Terms or 
Pricing Supplement, as the case may be, relating to such Series. Words and expressions defined 
or used in “Terms and Conditions of the Notes” or in the relevant Final Terms or Pricing 
Supplement, as the case may be, below shall have the same meanings in this overview. Any 
decision to invest in any Notes should be based on a consideration of this Programme 
Prospectus as a whole by any investor. The terms and conditions of, form of and security for any 
Alternative Investments are not described herein.
Under the Programme, the Issuer may from time to time issue Notes denominated in any 
currency, subject as set out herein, and raise finance by Alternative Investments. An overview of 
the terms and conditions of the Programme, the Notes and Alternative Investments appears 
below. The applicable terms of any Notes will be agreed between the Issuer and the Arranger 
prior to the issue of the Notes and will be set out in the Terms and Conditions of the Notes 
endorsed on, attached to, or included by reference into, the Notes, as completed by Part A of the 
applicable Final Terms or Pricing Supplement, as the case may be, attached to, or endorsed on, 
such Notes, as more fully described under “Summary of Provisions Relating to the Notes Whilst 
in Global Form”. 
The Programme Prospectus and any supplement will only be valid for listing Notes on the 
Luxembourg Stock Exchange during the period of 12 months from the date of this Programme 
Prospectus in an aggregate nominal amount which, when added to the aggregate nominal 
amount then outstanding of all Notes previously or simultaneously issued under the Programme, 
does not exceed the Programme Limit. 
Issuer: 
DUNIA Capital B.V.. 
Legal Entity Identifier: 
7245004A5VZ0AHE6LE32. 
Description of Issuer: 
DUNIA Capital B.V., a special purpose 
vehicle incorporated as a private company 
with limited liability (besloten vennootschap 
met beperkte aansprakelijkheid) under the 
laws of the Netherlands and with its seat 
(zetel) in Amsterdam, the Netherlands, may 
issue notes and may raise finance by other 
means, including, without limitation, by way of 
loan 
or 
entry 
into 
other 
derivative 
transactions. 
Description of Programme: 
EUR 5,000,000,000 Programme for the issue 
of Notes and the making of Alternative 
Investments. 
Size: 
Up to EUR 5,000,000,000 (or its equivalent in 
other currencies) aggregate principal amount 
of all Notes or Alternative Investments 
outstanding at the time of the agreement to 
issue, as determined by the Issuer as follows:

--- Page 13 ---
13
(i) if any Notes or Alternative Investments are 
denominated in a currency other than U.S. 
dollars, the U.S. dollar equivalent thereof 
shall be determined by or on behalf of the 
Issuer on a date specified by or on behalf of 
the Issuer (which may be before the issue 
date thereof); (ii) if any Notes or Alternative 
Investments are a discount or zero coupon 
obligation, the purchase price thereof shall be 
used in connection with the foregoing 
limitation; and (iii) any Notes that have been 
purchased by the Issuer shall be disregarded 
in connection with the foregoing limitation. 
Notwithstanding the foregoing, the Issuer may 
increase the Programme Limit without the 
consent of any Noteholder or any other 
person, as provided in Clause 8 of the Master 
Placing Terms. 
Arranger and Seller: 
Intesa Sanpaolo S.p.A.. 
Constitution of the Notes of a Series: 
The Constituting Instrument will constitute 
and secure the Notes of the relevant Series 
and will also set out the various agreements 
entered into between the Issuer and the other 
parties to the Constituting Instrument in 
respect of such Series on the terms set out in 
the 
various 
master 
terms 
documents 
specified 
in 
the 
relevant 
Constituting 
Instrument, as amended, modified and/or 
supplemented by the relevant Constituting 
Instrument. 
Security: 
Unless otherwise specified in the relevant 
Constituting Instrument, the Notes of each 
Series issued under the Programme will be 
secured in the manner set out in Condition 4 
under “Terms and Conditions of the Notes” 
below, including by way of (i) a first fixed 
charge on, and/or an assignment by way of 
security of and/or other security interest over, 
the relevant Charged Assets (as more 
particularly described below) and on all rights 
and 
sums 
derived 
therefrom; 
(ii) 
an 
assignment of the Issuer’s rights against the 
Custodian (as defined below) with respect to 
the Charged Assets relating to such Series 
under the relevant Custody Agreement (as 
defined herein) and a first fixed charge on all 
funds in respect of the Charged Assets 
relating to such Series held from time to time 
by the Custodian; (iii) a first fixed charge on 
all funds held from time to time by the

--- Page 14 ---
14
Principal Paying Agent or, as the case may 
be, the Registrar (each as defined below) to 
meet payments due under the Notes of such 
Series; (iv) an assignment of the Issuer’s 
rights, title and interest under the relevant 
Agency Agreement; and (v) an assignment of 
the Issuer’s rights, title and interest against 
the Arranger and each Dealer under the 
relevant Placing Agreement and against the 
seller of the Charged Assets under the 
relevant Charged Assets Sale Agreement 
(the “Seller”) and all sums derived therefrom 
in respect of the Notes of such Series, and 
may also be secured by an assignment of the 
Issuer’s rights under any Charged Agreement 
(as 
more 
particularly 
described 
below), 
together with such additional security (if any) 
as may be described in the applicable 
Constituting Instrument.   
The obligations of the Issuer to any Swap 
Counterparty under any Charged Agreement 
will also be secured by certain assets 
comprised in the Collateral. The relative 
priority of claims of Noteholders and each 
relevant 
Swap 
Counterparty 
upon 
enforcement as set forth in Condition 4(d) will 
be specified in the applicable Final Terms or 
Pricing Supplement, as the case may be. 
Trustee: 
BNY Mellon Corporate Trustee Services 
Limited. 
The Issuer has the power of appointing a new 
Trustee in respect of a Series of Notes but no 
person shall be appointed who has not 
previously been approved by an extraordinary 
resolution of the Noteholders of such Series 
and each Swap Counterparty (if any) in 
respect of such Series has consented in 
writing and, in the case of a Series of Notes 
which is rated at the request of the Issuer, 
each Rating Agency which assigned a rating 
to such Notes. A Trustee may retire upon 
giving not less than 60 days’ notice in writing 
to the Issuer without assigning any reason 
and without being responsible for any costs 
associated with such retirement. Noteholders 
may remove the Trustee by extraordinary 
resolution provided that the retirement or 
removal of any sole Trustee or sole trust 
corporation shall not become effective until a 
trust corporation is appointed as successor

--- Page 15 ---
15
Trustee. 
Issue Agent and Principal Paying Agent: 
The Bank of New York Mellon, London 
Branch. 
In relation to a Series or Tranche of Notes 
which are to be listed and admitted to trading 
on the regulated market of the Luxembourg 
Stock Exchange, The Bank of New York 
Mellon SA/NV, Luxembourg Branch will act 
as Paying Agent in Luxembourg. 
Registrar and Transfer Agent: 
The Bank of New York Mellon SA/NV, 
Luxembourg Branch. 
Custodian: 
The Bank of New York Mellon, London 
Branch. 
Swap Counterparty: 
Intesa Sanpaolo S.p.A.. 
Realisation Agent: 
Intesa Sanpaolo S.p.A.. 
Method of Issue: 
The Notes will be issued on a syndicated or 
non-syndicated basis and will be in Series. 
The Notes in each Series will have one or 
more issue dates and be on terms otherwise 
identical (or identical other than in respect of 
the first payment of interest) and will be 
intended to be interchangeable with all other 
Notes of that Series. 
Issue Price: 
Notes may be issued at their principal amount 
or at a discount or premium to their principal 
amount as specified in the relevant Final 
Terms or Pricing Supplement, as the case 
may be. Partly-paid Notes may be issued, the 
issue price of which will be payable in two or 
more instalments as specified in the relevant 
Final Terms or Pricing Supplement, as the 
case may be. 
Form of Notes:  
The following applies only to Notes of a non-
U.S. Series/non-U.S. Tranche: If the Final 
Terms or Pricing Supplement, as the case 
may be, in respect of a Series of Notes 
specifies that such Series (a “non-U.S. 
Series”) or a Tranche thereof (a “non-U.S. 
Tranche”) may not be offered, sold or 
delivered within the United States or to, or for 
the account or benefit of, U.S. Persons (as 
defined in Regulation S under the Securities 
Act) (“U.S. Persons”), U.S. persons (as 
defined in the final risk retention rules

--- Page 16 ---
16
promulgated under Section 15G of the U.S. 
Securities 
Exchange 
Act 
of 
1934, 
as 
amended (the “Exchange Act”)) or to 
persons who are not Non-United States 
Persons (as defined in CFTC Rule 4.7 of the 
United States Commodity Futures Trading 
Commission), such non-U.S. Series or non-
U.S. Tranche may comprise Notes in bearer 
form (“Bearer Notes”), in bearer form 
exchangeable 
for 
Registered 
Notes 
(“Exchangeable 
Bearer 
Notes”) 
or 
in 
registered form (“Registered Notes”) only. 
Unless otherwise specified in the applicable 
Final Terms or Pricing Supplement, as the 
case 
may 
be, 
Bearer 
Notes 
and 
Exchangeable Bearer Notes of a non-U.S. 
Series or a non-U.S. Tranche will be issued 
pursuant to Section 1.163-5(c)(2)(i)(D) of the 
Treasury Regulations under the Code (“D 
Notes”). 
Unless 
the 
context 
otherwise 
requires, references herein to Bearer Notes 
shall include Exchangeable Bearer Notes.
Each non-U.S. Series or non-U.S. Tranche of 
Bearer Notes and Exchangeable Bearer 
Notes which are D Notes will initially be 
represented by one or more Notes in 
temporary global form (each a “Temporary 
Global Note”). Such Temporary Global Note 
will (i) if it is intended to be issued in new 
global note (“New Global Note”) form, as 
stated in the applicable Final Terms or Pricing 
Supplement, as the case may be, be 
delivered on or prior to the original issue date 
of the Tranche to a common safekeeper (the 
“Common Safekeeper”) for Euroclear Bank 
S.A./N.V., as operator of the Euroclear 
system 
(“Euroclear”) 
and 
Clearstream 
Banking S.A. (“Clearstream, Luxembourg”); 
and (ii) if it is not intended to be issued in 
New Global Note form, as stated in the 
applicable 
Final 
Terms 
or 
Pricing 
Supplement, as the case may be, be 
delivered to a common depositary (the 
“Common Depositary”) for Euroclear and 
Clearstream, Luxembourg. Any reference 
herein 
to 
Euroclear 
or 
Clearstream, 
Luxembourg shall, wherever the context 
permits, be deemed to include a reference to 
any additional or alternative clearing system 
as specified in the applicable Final Terms or 
Pricing Supplement, as the case may be in 
which beneficial interests in the Notes are for

--- Page 17 ---
17
the time being recorded (an “Alternative 
Clearing System”) and shall include any 
successor in business to Euroclear or 
Clearstream, 
Luxembourg 
or 
any 
such 
Alternative Clearing System. Interests in the 
Temporary Global Note may be exchanged 
for interests in a permanent global Note (each 
a “Permanent Global Note”), or, if so 
provided in the relevant Final Terms or 
Pricing Supplement, as the case may be for 
definitive Bearer Notes, upon certification of 
non-U.S. beneficial ownership not earlier than 
the first day (the “Exchange Date”) following 
the 40-day period commencing on the original 
issue date of the Notes (the “40-Day 
Restricted Period”). 
Each non-U.S. Series or non-U.S. Tranche of 
Bearer Notes and Exchangeable Bearer 
Notes issued pursuant to Section 1.163-
5(c)(2)(i)(C) of the Treasury Regulations 
under 
the 
Code 
(“C 
Notes”) 
will 
be 
represented by a Permanent Global Note or 
by definitive Bearer Notes. The applicable 
Final Terms or Pricing Supplement, as the 
case may be relating to each Series will state 
if the Notes of such Series or Tranche are C 
Notes. 
Such Permanent Global Note will (i) if it is 
intended to be issued in New Global Note 
form, as stated in the applicable Final Terms 
or Pricing Supplement, as the case may be, 
be delivered on or prior to the original issue 
date of the Tranche to the Common 
Safekeeper for Euroclear and Clearstream, 
Luxembourg; and (ii) if it is not intended to be 
issued in New Global Note form, as stated in 
the 
applicable 
Final 
Terms 
or 
Pricing 
Supplement, as the case may be, be 
delivered to a Common Depositary for 
Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg. 
Each Permanent Global Note will, if so 
provided in the relevant Final Terms or 
Pricing Supplement, as the case may be, be 
exchangeable, in whole but not in part, for 
definitive Bearer Notes under the limited 
circumstances set forth in Condition 1. 
Each non-U.S. Series or non-U.S. Tranche of 
Registered Notes will be represented by 
definitive registered certificates (“Registered

--- Page 18 ---
18
Certificates”) and/or a registered certificate 
in 
global 
form 
(a “Global 
Registered 
Certificate”) which will be registered (i) if it is 
intended to be issued under the new 
safekeeping 
structure 
(the 
“New 
Safekeeping Structure”), as stated in the 
applicable 
Final 
Terms 
or 
Pricing 
Supplement, as the case may be, in the name 
of a nominee for a Common Safekeeper for 
Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg; or 
(ii) if it is not intended to be issued under the 
New Safekeeping Structure, as stated in the 
applicable 
Final 
Terms 
or 
Pricing 
Supplement, as the case may be, in the name 
of a nominee for a Common Depositary for 
Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg or in 
any 
clearing 
system 
specified 
in 
the 
applicable 
Final 
Terms 
or 
Pricing 
Supplement, as the case may be. Definitive 
Exchangeable 
Bearer 
Notes 
will 
be 
exchangeable for definitive Registered Notes 
only if and to the extent so specified in the 
relevant Final Terms or Pricing Supplement, 
as the case may be. Definitive Registered 
Notes will not be exchangeable for Bearer 
Notes or an interest therein. 
The following applies only to Notes of a U.S. 
Series/U.S. Tranche: If the Final Terms or 
Pricing Supplement, as the case may be in 
respect of a Series of Notes or Tranche of 
Notes specifies that such Series (a “U.S. 
Series”) or a Tranche thereof (a “U.S. 
Tranche”) may be offered or sold within the 
United States or to, or for the account or 
benefit of, U.S. Persons, such U.S. Series or 
U.S. Tranche shall be Registered Notes and 
may be offered or sold only (i) outside the 
United States, to persons that are not U.S. 
Persons in accordance with Regulation S; or 
(ii) (a)  in the United States, to QIBs or to AIs 
who are acquiring the Notes for investment 
purposes and not with a view to the 
distribution thereof, and (b) to the extent the 
exemption provided by Section 3(c)(7) of the 
1940 Act is being relied upon, are QPs, in 
each case in transactions exempt from 
registration under the Securities Act. Notes of 
a U.S. Series or U.S. Tranche shall be issued 
in the minimum denomination specified in the 
relevant Final Terms or Pricing Supplement, 
as the case may be.

--- Page 19 ---
19
Unless otherwise specified in the applicable 
Final Terms or Pricing Supplement, as the 
case may be, Notes of a U.S. Series or U.S. 
Tranche offered or sold to investors in the 
United States or to U.S. Persons will be 
issued as Registered Certificates only and will 
not be eligible for deposit or clearance 
through Euroclear, Clearstream, Luxembourg, 
The Depository Trust Company (“DTC”) or 
any Alternative Clearing System. 
Certain offering and transfer restrictions in 
respect 
of 
the 
Notes, 
including 
Notes 
comprised of a U.S. Series or U.S. Tranche, 
are set out in the sections herein entitled 
“Terms and Conditions of the Notes - Form, 
Denomination and Title” and “Subscription 
and Sale”. As set forth more fully therein, 
purchases and transfers of Notes may require 
the delivery of written certifications as to 
certain matters. 
References 
herein 
to 
“Noteholder” 
or 
“holder” mean the bearer of any Bearer Note 
or the person in whose name a Registered 
Note is registered. 
Currencies: 
Subject to compliance with all relevant laws, 
regulations and directives, Notes may be 
issued in such currency or currencies as the 
Issuer and the Arranger agree as specified in 
the 
relevant 
Final 
Terms 
or 
Pricing 
Supplement, as the case may be. 
Maturities: 
Subject to compliance with all relevant laws, 
regulations and directives, any maturity 
between seven days and perpetuity as 
specified in the relevant Final Terms or 
Pricing Supplement, as the case may be. 
Denomination: 
Notes will be in such denominations as may 
be specified in the relevant Final Terms or 
Pricing Supplement, as the case may be. In 
respect of issues of Notes to be admitted to 
trading on the Luxembourg Stock Exchange’s 
regulated market or any other European 
regulated market, no Notes will be issued 
under the Programme which have a minimum 
denomination of less than Euro 100,000. 
Type of Notes: 
The Notes may be Fixed Rate Notes, Floating 
Rate Notes, Zero Coupon Notes, Variable 
Coupon Notes, Interest Only Notes, Long

--- Page 20 ---
20
Maturity Notes, Credit-Linked Notes, Index-
Linked Notes or such other type of Note as 
the Issuer and the Arranger may agree that 
the Issuer can issue under the Programme 
and in each case the terms applicable to 
them shall be as specified in the relevant 
Constituting Instrument. Notes may be listed 
or unlisted. Listed Notes may only be Fixed 
Rate Notes, Floating Rate Notes, Zero 
Coupon Notes or Variable Coupon Notes. 
The yield in respect of Fixed Rate Notes will 
be specified in the relevant Final Terms or 
Pricing Supplement, as the case may be. The 
yield is calculated at the Issue Date on the 
basis of the Issue Price. It is not an indication 
of future yield. 
Terms other than as described in this 
overview applicable to any Notes which the 
Issuer and the Arranger may agree that the 
Issuer can issue under the Programme will be 
set 
out 
in 
the 
relevant 
Constituting 
Instrument. 
Mandatory Redemption: 
If (i) (a) any of the Charged Assets in respect 
of a Series or any amounts outstanding 
thereunder become due and repayable (in 
whole or in part), prior to their stated date of 
maturity or other date or dates for their 
payment or repayment, or (b) any obligor in 
respect of the Charged Assets fails to make, 
when and where due, in the currency and 
manner due, any payment of any amount 
under the Charged Assets without regard to 
any grace period or any conditions precedent 
to the commencement of any grace period 
applicable to such Charged Assets (as 
provided for in the terms and conditions of the 
Charged Assets as at the date such Charged 
Assets become a Charged Asset); (ii) the 
Charged Assets comprise any agreement of 
the type contemplated in the definition herein 
of Charged Agreement and such agreement 
is terminated by any party thereto, in each 
case whether or not by reason of an event of 
default (howsoever described) thereunder or 
if there is a payment default in respect of 
such agreement without regard to any grace 
period or any conditions precedent to the 
commencement 
of 
any 
grace 
period 
applicable to such agreement; or (iii) any 
other event as may be specified as an

--- Page 21 ---
21
“Additional Mandatory Redemption Event” 
in the applicable Constituting Instrument has 
occurred, then the Swap Counterparty may 
upon becoming aware of any such event or 
circumstance give notice thereof to the Issuer 
and the Trustee and the Notes shall become 
due and repayable as provided by Condition 
7(f). 
Redemption for taxation: 
The Final Terms or Pricing Supplement, as 
the case may be in respect of each issue of 
Notes of a Series or Tranche will state 
whether such Notes may be redeemed prior 
to their stated maturity if the Issuer would be 
required by law to withhold or account for tax 
or would suffer tax in respect of its income 
(including, where applicable, pursuant to laws 
requiring the deduction or withholding for, or 
on account of, any tax, duty or other charge 
whatsoever or pursuant to an agreement 
described in Section 1471(b) of the Code or 
otherwise imposed pursuant to Sections 1471 
through 1474 of the Code and any regulations 
or 
agreements 
thereunder 
or 
official 
interpretations 
thereof). 
In 
such 
circumstances, 
and 
depending 
on 
the 
conditions specified as being applicable in the 
Final Terms or Pricing Supplement, the Issuer 
may be required to use all reasonable 
endeavours to arrange for the substitution of 
another company or discuss a restructuring of 
the Conditions of the Notes to avoid the 
Notes being redeemed. If the Issuer has not 
been able to arrange for such a substitution 
and/or such a restructuring prior to the 
relevant date, the Notes will become due and 
repayable as provided by Condition 7(f), 
unless 
requested 
otherwise 
by 
an 
Extraordinary Resolution of the Noteholders. 
Redemption by Instalments: 
The 
relevant 
Final 
Terms 
or 
Pricing 
Supplement, as the case may be in respect of 
Notes that are redeemable in two or more 
instalments will set out the dates on which, 
and the amounts in which, such Notes may 
be redeemed. 
Optional Redemption: 
The Final Terms or Pricing Supplement, as 
the case may be in respect of each issue of 
Notes of a Series or Tranche will state 
whether such Notes may be redeemed prior 
to their stated maturity at the option of the 
Issuer, the Noteholders or an authorised

--- Page 22 ---
22
representative 
(an 
“Authorised 
Representative”) acting with the consent of, 
and on behalf of, Noteholders holding in 
aggregate 100 per cent. of the outstanding 
principal amount of the Notes (either in whole 
or in part) and, if so, the terms applicable to 
such redemption. 
Redemption for Regulatory Event: 
The Final Terms or Pricing Supplement, as 
the case may be in respect of each issue of 
Notes of a Series or Tranche will state 
whether such Notes may be redeemed prior 
to their stated maturity if a Regulatory Event 
occurs. In such circumstances, the Notes will 
become due and repayable as provided by 
Condition 7(f). 
“Regulatory Event” means the occurrence of 
any of the following (including, without 
limitation, in connection with the application of 
the Alternative Investment Fund Managers 
Directive 2011/61/EU): (i) as a result of an 
implementation or adoption of, or change in, 
law, regulation, interpretation, action or 
response of a regulatory authority; (ii) as a 
result of the promulgation of, or any 
interpretation 
by 
any 
court, 
tribunal, 
government or regulatory authority with 
competent 
jurisdiction 
(a 
“Relevant 
Authority”) of, any relevant law or regulation; 
or (iii) as a result of the public or private 
statement or action by, or response of, any 
Relevant 
Authority 
or 
any 
official 
or 
representative of any Relevant Authority 
acting in an official capacity, such that it is or 
will be unlawful or there is a reasonable 
likelihood of it being unlawful for (a) the Issuer 
to maintain the Notes or that the maintenance 
of the existence of the Notes would make it 
unlawful to maintain the existence of any 
Discrete Series or Alternative Investments, or 
(b) the Issuer or Intesa Sanpaolo S.p.A. as 
Arranger in respect of the Notes to perform 
any duties in respect of the Notes. 
Redemption Following a Charged  
Assets Disruption Event: 
Following the occurrence of a Charged 
Assets Disruption Event (being, in summary, 
the adjustment or replacement of any index, 
benchmark or price source by reference to 
which 
any 
amount payable 
under the 
Charged Assets is determined), the Issuer 
may be required to amend or redeem the

--- Page 23 ---
23
Notes. 
Redemption Following a Reference Rate  
Event:  
If it is determined that a Reference Rate 
Default Event has occurred, the Issuer shall 
direct the redemption of the Notes. 
A Reference Rate Default Event will occur if 
(i) it is determined that a Reference Rate 
Event has occurred; and (ii) either (a) an 
alternative benchmark and any adjustment 
spread is not identified prior to the relevant 
deadline, (b) it is or would be unlawful or 
would contravene any applicable licensing 
requirements for the Interest Calculation 
Agent or the Swap Counterparty to perform 
the actions prescribed in the Conditions 
following the occurrence of a Reference Rate 
Event, or (c) the calculation of an adjustment 
spread would impose material additional 
regulatory 
obligations 
on 
the 
Interest 
Calculation Agent. 
A Reference Rate Event is expected to occur 
if 
(i) 
the 
relevant 
benchmark 
(the 
"Benchmark") has ceased or will cease to be 
provided permanently or indefinitely; (ii) the 
administrator of the Benchmark ceases to 
have the necessary authorisations and as a 
result it is not permitted under applicable law 
for one or more persons to perform their 
obligations under the Notes and/or any hedge 
transactions entered into by the Swap 
Counterparty; (iii) the Benchmark is, with 
respect 
to 
over-the-counter 
derivatives 
transactions 
which 
reference 
such 
Benchmark, the subject of any market-wide 
development 
pursuant 
to 
which 
such 
Benchmark is replaced with a risk-free rate 
(or near risk-free rate); or (iv) the supervisor 
of the administrator of the Benchmark, or 
another 
official 
body 
with 
applicable 
responsibility, makes an official statement, 
with effect from a date after 31 December 
2021, that such Benchmark is no longer 
representative. 
Early Redemption: 
Except as provided under the headings “- 
Mandatory Redemption”, “-Redemption by 
Instalments”, “-Redemption for Taxation”, “-
Optional Redemption”, “- Redemption for 
Regulatory Event”, “-Redemption following a 
Charged Assets Event” and “-Redemption 
following a Reference Rate Event” above,

--- Page 24 ---
24
Notes will be redeemable prior to maturity 
only (i) upon termination of the relevant 
Charged Agreement (if any) on the date of 
such termination; (ii) in such circumstances 
as are specified in Condition 9 of the Notes; 
or (iii) in the case of Notes of a U.S. Series or 
a U.S. Tranche, if the Issuer so requires upon 
determining that the holder of a beneficial 
interest in a Global Registered Certificate is 
not a Qualifying QIB/QP (as defined herein). 
Status of Notes: 
The Notes of each Series will be secured 
limited recourse obligations of the Issuer 
ranking pari passu and without preference 
among themselves (save in the case of a 
Series comprising more than one class or 
Tranche of Notes, in which case the Notes of 
each such class or Tranche will rank pari 
passu 
and 
without 
preference 
among 
themselves but not, save to the extent 
specified 
in 
the 
applicable 
Constituting 
Instrument, with Notes of another class or 
Tranche comprised in such Series; in such a 
case, the ranking and preference of each 
class or Tranche of Notes will be as specified 
in the relevant Constituting Instrument). (See 
also “- Security” above.) 
Charged Assets: 
The Charged Assets in relation to a Series of 
Notes are those which are specified as such 
in the relevant Final Terms or Pricing 
Supplement, as the case may be which may 
comprise, without limitation: (i) debt securities 
or negotiable instruments (including, without 
limitation, bonds, commercial paper, notes, 
debentures, promissory notes, certificates of 
deposit or bills of exchange) of any form, 
denomination, type and issue; (ii) shares, 
stock or other equity securities of any form, 
denomination, type and issuer; (iii) the benefit 
of loans, evidences of indebtedness or other 
rights whatsoever, contractual or otherwise 
(including, 
without 
limitation, 
sub-
participation, documentary or standby letters 
of credit or swap, option, exchange or other 
arrangements of the type contemplated in the 
description of “Charged Agreement” below) 
assigned or transferred to or otherwise vested 
in, or entered into by, the Issuer; or (iv) any 
other assets all as may be more particularly 
specified in the applicable Final Terms or 
Pricing Supplement, as the case may be. The 
Charged Assets in relation to a Series of

--- Page 25 ---
25
Notes may comprise a pool or portfolio of one 
or more of any of the foregoing and, if so 
specified 
in 
the 
applicable 
Constituting 
Instrument relating to such Series, may also 
comprise the Charged Assets for one or more 
other Series of Notes (a “Related Series”). 
The Charged Assets for a Series of Notes will 
have characteristics that demonstrate the 
capacity to produce funds to service any 
payments due and payable on the relevant 
Series of Notes. 
Realisation of Charged Assets: 
If a Realisation Agent has been appointed in 
respect of the Notes, the Realisation Agent 
shall, pursuant to, and in accordance with, the 
provisions of the Agency Agreement, use all 
reasonable endeavours to sell or otherwise 
realise the Charged Assets in accordance 
with Condition 4(c) within the Realisation 
Period specified therein. 
If the Realisation Agent has not been able to 
liquidate all or part of the Charged Assets 
within the Realisation Period it must sell them 
at its expiry, irrespective of the price 
obtainable and regardless if such price is 
close to or equal to zero. If, however, the 
Realisation Agent determines that there is no 
available market for the Charged Assets, or if 
the Realisation Agent otherwise determines 
that it is impossible to sell or otherwise realise 
the Charged Assets or any part thereof, the 
Realisation Agent will promptly notify the 
Issuer, 
the 
Trustee 
and 
the 
Swap 
Counterparty of such lack of availability or 
impossibility and the Realisation Agent shall 
not be required to effect the sale or other 
realisation of the Charged Assets or any part 
thereof. Any such determination by the 
Realisation Agent shall be in its sole 
discretion and shall be binding on the Issuer, 
the Trustee, the Swap Counterparty and the 
Noteholders. In the event that the Realisation 
Agent makes such determination the Trustee 
at its discretion may, and shall if so requested 
or directed in accordance with the first 
paragraph of Condition 4(c) (but subject in 
each case to its being indemnified and/or 
secured in accordance with such paragraph), 
appoint a receiver or another agent or 
delegate to realise all or part of the Charged

--- Page 26 ---
26
Assets by other means. 
Charged Agreement: 
Intesa 
Sanpaolo 
S.p.A. 
will 
be 
swap 
counterparty (“Swap Counterparty”) under 
each Charged Agreement (if any) in relation 
to a Series of Notes. The Charged Agreement 
will comprise those agreements which are 
specified as such in the relevant Constituting 
Instrument. 
Any 
such 
agreement 
may 
comprise (i) any transaction which is a rate 
swap transaction, swap option, basis swap, 
forward rate transaction, commodity swap, 
commodity option, equity or equity index 
swap, equity or equity index option, bond 
option, interest rate option, foreign exchange 
transaction, cap transaction, floor transaction, 
collar transaction, currency swap transaction, 
cross-currency 
rate 
swap 
transaction, 
currency option, credit protection transaction, 
credit swap, credit default swap, credit default 
option, total return swap, credit spread 
transaction, repurchase transaction, reverse 
repurchase 
transaction, 
buy/sell-back 
transaction, securities lending transaction, or 
forward purchase or sale of a security, 
commodity or other financial instrument or 
interest (including any option with respect to 
any of these transactions), in each case, as 
applicable, whether single-name or portfolio-
based; (ii) any transaction which is a type of 
transaction that is similar to any transaction 
referred to in (i) that is currently, or in the 
future becomes, recurrently entered into in 
the financial markets (including terms and 
conditions included by reference in such 
agreement) and that is a forward, swap, 
future, option or other derivative on one or 
more rates, currencies, commodities, equity 
securities or other equity instruments, debt 
securities or other debt instruments, or 
economic indices or measures of economic 
risk or value and any combination of the 
foregoing 
transactions 
entered 
into 
in 
connection with a particular Series; or (iii) any 
other transaction executed with a Swap 
Counterparty specified in a Constituting 
Instrument. The Constituting Instrument for 
any Series of Notes may, subject in the case 
of a rated Series to the requirements of any 
relevant recognised debt rating agency, 
require any Swap Counterparty to any 
Charged Agreement with the Issuer to deposit 
security, collateral or margin, or to provide a

--- Page 27 ---
27
guarantee, in respect of its obligations under 
such 
Charged 
Agreement 
in 
the 
circumstances specified in such Constituting 
Instrument. However, in the absence of such 
a requirement no such security, collateral, 
margin or guarantee will be made or 
provided. 
Details of any Charged Agreement relating to 
Alternative Investments will be specified in 
the applicable Constituting Instrument relating 
to such Alternative Investments. 
Negative Pledge/Restrictions: 
There will be no negative pledge. So long as 
any Notes or Alternative Investments remain 
outstanding, the Issuer will not, without the 
prior written consent of the Trustee, engage 
in any business (other than transactions 
contemplated by this Programme Prospectus 
in relation to the Issuer) or declare any 
dividends or have any subsidiaries. The 
Issuer will undertake to notify any relevant 
recognised rating agency which has assigned 
a rating (at the request of the Issuer) to any 
Series or Tranche of Notes of any change in 
its 
corporate 
status 
(including, 
without 
limitation, any change in its principal objects 
or business). 
Cross Default: 
None. 
Withholding Tax: 
Each Noteholder will assume and be solely 
responsible for any and all taxes of any 
jurisdiction or governmental or regulatory 
authority, including, without limitation, any 
state or local taxes or other like assessment 
or charges that may be applicable to any 
payment to it in respect of the Notes. 
The Issuer will not be required to pay any 
additional 
amounts 
to 
Noteholders 
to 
reimburse them for any tax, assessment or 
charge required to be withheld or deducted 
from payments in respect of the Notes by the 
Issuer or any Paying Agents (including, where 
applicable, pursuant to laws requiring the 
deduction or withholding for, or on account of, 
any tax, duty or other charge whatsoever or 
pursuant to an agreement described in 
Section 1471(b) of the Code or otherwise 
imposed pursuant to Sections 1471 through 
1474 of the Code and any regulations or 
agreements 
thereunder 
or 
official

--- Page 28 ---
28
interpretations thereof).   
Further Issues: 
Unless otherwise provided in the relevant 
Final Terms or Pricing Supplement, as the 
case may be the Issuer may from time to time 
issue further Notes of any Series on the same 
terms as existing Notes and such further 
Notes shall be consolidated and form a single 
series with such existing Notes of the same 
Series; 
provided 
that, 
unless 
otherwise 
approved by Extraordinary Resolution of 
Noteholders of the relevant Series, the Issuer 
shall provide additional assets as security for 
such further Notes and existing Notes in 
accordance with Condition 16. 
Governing Law of Notes: 
English law, or as otherwise provided in the 
applicable Constituting Instrument. 
Listing and Admission to Trading:  
Notes of any Series may, if so specified in the 
relevant Final Terms, be listed on the official 
list of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange and 
admitted to trading on the regulated market of 
the Luxembourg Stock Exchange within 12 
months of the date of this Programme 
Prospectus or on any other regulated market 
or stock exchange as specified in the relevant 
Final Terms. The Notes of Series will usually 
be listed with effect from the Issue Date of 
that Series. However, they may not be listed 
on such Issue Date and no assurance is 
given that such listing or admission to trading 
will be obtained thereafter. Unlisted Notes 
may also be issued. 
Selling and Transfer Restrictions: 
There are restrictions on the offer or sale of 
Notes and the distribution of offering material 
- see “Subscription and Sale” below. 
Alternative Investments: 
The Issuer may from time to time incur 
secured or unsecured, limited recourse 
obligations under the Programme in a form 
other than Notes. Alternative Investments 
may take the form of limited recourse asset-
backed debt instruments in non-standard 
form or governed by laws other than English 
law, 
limited 
recourse 
asset-backed 
indebtedness incurred under loan or facility 
agreements, including agreements governed 
by laws other than English law, derivative 
transactions (including, without limitation, 
buy-sell 
back 
transactions, 
sale 
and 
repurchase transactions, forward and foreign

--- Page 29 ---
29
exchange transactions or swaps, options or 
futures 
transactions, 
which 
instruments, 
under the rules of the Luxembourg Stock 
Exchange are not currently eligible for listing 
or trading on or by such exchange or 
competent authority) or such other form as 
may be determined by the Issuer, the 
Arranger and any Dealer in respect of such 
Alternative 
Investments 
and 
(unless 
otherwise specified) will be secured in a 
manner similar to that described under 
Condition 4 of the Notes, mutatis mutandis, or 
in such other manner as may be determined 
by the Issuer, the Arranger or any Dealer in 
respect of such Alternative Investments. The 
terms and conditions and form of, and 
security 
(if 
any) 
for, 
each 
Alternative 
Investment will be as set out in the relevant 
Constituting Instrument, where applicable. 
Alternative Investments will only be listed and 
admitted to trading on the regulated market of 
the Luxembourg Stock Exchange or any other 
regulated market or exchange to the extent 
permissible under the rules of the relevant 
exchange. 
Rating: 
Each Series of Notes may be rated by one or 
more Rating Agencies as specified in the 
Final Terms or Pricing Supplement, as the 
case may be in respect of a Series of Notes. 
Unrated Series may be issued under the 
Programme 
provided 
that 
the 
Rating 
Agencies that rated a prior Series under the 
Programme have reviewed the terms of such 
unrated Series and confirmed in writing that 
such issuance would not adversely affect any 
of their respective current ratings of Series 
under such Programme then in force. Any 
rating of any Notes issued under the 
Programme will be specified in the relevant 
Final Terms or Pricing Supplement, as the 
case may be, or announced by way of notice 
on or about the relevant issue date. A security 
rating is not a recommendation to buy, sell or 
hold securities and may be subject to 
suspension, reduction or withdrawal at any 
time by the assigning Rating Agency. 
U.S. federal income tax considerations:  
U.S. Treasury regulations issued under 
Section 871(m) of the U.S. Internal Revenue 
Code 
of 
1986 
(the 
“Section 
871(m) 
Regulations”) generally impose a 30 per 
cent. withholding tax on dividend equivalents

--- Page 30 ---
30
paid or deemed paid to a non-United States 
holder as defined pursuant to Section 871(m) 
Regulations (a “Non-U.S. Holder”), without 
regard to any applicable treaty rate, with 
respect to certain financial instruments linked 
to U.S. equities or indices that include U.S. 
equities 
(“U.S. 
Underlying 
Equities”). 
Section 871(m) Regulations generally apply 
to Notes that substantially replicate the 
economic performance of one or more U.S. 
Underlying Equities as determined by the 
Issuer on the date for such Notes as of which 
the 
expected 
delta of the 
product 
is 
determined by or on behalf of the Issuer 
(such date being the “pricing date”) based on 
tests in accordance with the applicable 
Section 871(m) Regulations (such Notes are 
deemed 
“delta-one” 
instruments) 
(the 
“Specified Instruments”). A Note linked to 
U.S. Underlying Equities which the Issuer has 
determined not to be a Specified Instrument 
will not be subject to withholding tax under 
Section 871(m) Regulations. Investors are 
advised that the Issuer’s determination is 
binding on all Non-U.S. Holders of the Notes, 
but it is not binding on the United States 
Internal Revenue Service (the “IRS”) and the 
IRS may therefore disagree with the Issuer’s 
determination. 
The applicable Final Terms or Pricing 
Supplement, as the case may be, will specify 
if the Notes are Specified Instruments, and, if 
so, whether the Issuer or any Agent will 
withhold 
tax 
under 
Section 
871(m) 
Regulations and the rate of the withholding 
tax. Investors should note that if the Issuer or 
any Agent determines that withholding is 
required, neither the Issuer nor the Agent will 
be required to gross up any amounts withheld 
in connection with a Specified Instrument. 
Investors should consult their tax adviser 
regarding the potential application of Section 
871(m) Regulations to their investment in the 
Notes. 
Risk Factors: 
Investing in the Notes involves certain risks. 
Risk factors identified include risk related to 
the Issuer which may affect the Issuer’s ability 
to fulfil its obligations under the Notes issued 
under the Programme. These risk factors 
include credit risk, conflict of interest risk and

--- Page 31 ---
31
business relationships risk. 
Other risk factors are specific to the Notes 
and include risks related to structure of a 
particular issue of Notes (for example Credit 
Linked Notes) and risks related to Notes 
generally, such as the currency risk, volatility 
and limited recourse risk. 
For a list of risk factors please see page 32 et 
seq.

--- Page 32 ---
32
RISK FACTORS 
INVESTING IN NOTES OR ALTERNATIVE INVESTMENTS INVOLVES CERTAIN RISKS. THE 
ISSUER BELIEVES THAT THE FACTORS DESCRIBED BELOW REPRESENT THE 
MATERIAL RISKS INHERENT IN INVESTING IN THE NOTES ISSUED UNDER THE 
PROGRAMME. INVESTORS SHOULD CONSIDER THESE RISKS BEFORE INVESTING IN 
NOTES. IN THE CASE OF A SERIES OF ALTERNATIVE INVESTMENTS, A NON-
EXHAUSTIVE LIST OF RISKS MAY BE SPECIFIED FOR INVESTORS TO CONSIDER 
BEFORE ENTERING INTO THE RELEVANT ALTERNATIVE INVESTMENT.  
EACH PROSPECTIVE INVESTOR SHOULD ENSURE THAT, IN THE LIGHT OF ITS OWN 
FINANCIAL CIRCUMSTANCES AND INVESTMENT OBJECTIVES, IT FULLY UNDERSTANDS 
THE NATURE OF ITS INVESTMENT AND THE NATURE AND EXTENT OF ITS EXPOSURE 
TO THE RISK OF LOSS OF ALL OR A SUBSTANTIAL PART OF ITS INVESTMENT AND 
INVESTORS SHOULD CONSIDER ALL THE DETAILED INFORMATION SET OUT 
ELSEWHERE IN THIS DOCUMENT (INCLUDING ANY DOCUMENTS INCORPORATED BY 
REFERENCE HEREIN). ATTENTION IS DRAWN IN PARTICULAR, TO THE ITALICISED 
PARAGRAPHS SET OUT IN THE SECTIONS ENTITLED “TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THE 
NOTES - SECURITY” AND “TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THE NOTES - ENFORCEMENT 
AND LIMITED RECOURSE”. 
NOTES ISSUED AND ALTERNATIVE INVESTMENTS ENTERED INTO UNDER THE 
PROGRAMME MAY BE ILLIQUID, THE PURCHASE OF OR ENTRY INTO OF WHICH 
INVOLVES MATERIAL RISKS. NEITHER THE ISSUER NOR THE ARRANGER WILL 
UNDERTAKE TO MAKE A MARKET IN THE NOTES OF ANY SERIES OR (IF APPLICABLE) 
ANY ALTERNATIVE INVESTMENTS.

--- Page 33 ---
33
RISK FACTORS CONTENTS  
1.
Risk Factors Relating to the Notes ................................................................................... 34
2.
Risk Factors Relating to Charged Assets ......................................................................... 38
3.
Risk Factors Relating to the Issuer .................................................................................. 41
4.
Risk Factors Relating to Credit ........................................................................................ 43
5.
Risk Factors Relating to Market Volatility ......................................................................... 45
6.
Risk Factors Relating to Regulation ................................................................................. 45
7.
Risk Factors Relating to U.S. Series ................................................................................ 53

--- Page 34 ---
34
1. 
Risk Factors Relating to the Notes 
1.1 
Payments under the Notes are Limited Recourse 
All payments to be made by the Issuer in respect of the Notes of each Series and any 
Charged Agreement relating to such Series will be due and payable solely from and to 
the extent of the sums received or recovered from time to time by or on behalf of the 
Issuer or the Trustee in respect of the Collateral in respect of such Series. 
The Collateral in respect of a Series will consist of the Charged Assets and/or the 
Charged Agreements specified in the Final Terms or Pricing Supplement, as the case 
may be, for such Series, together with the rights and entitlements described in 
Condition 4.  If the net proceeds of the enforcement of the Collateral for a Series are 
less than the amount which the holders of the Notes and any Swap Counterparty 
expected to receive (the difference being referred to herein as a “shortfall”), such 
shortfall will be borne, in the inverse of the order of priorities specified in Condition 4(d) 
and the related Constituting Instrument and/or Additional Charging Instrument, if 
applicable. For example, if obligations to make payments to the Issuer where to fall 
last in the order of priority in Condition 4(d), any shortfall would be borne first by the 
Issuer.  
Each holder of Notes of a Series and any Swap Counterparty relating to such Series 
should be aware of the following risks: 
(A) 
 the holders of the Notes (and any Swap Counterparty) shall look solely to the 
sums referred to in the first paragraph above of this section, as applied in 
accordance with the order of priorities referred to in the second paragraph 
above of this section (the “Relevant Sums”), for payments to be made by the 
Issuer in respect of such Notes and any Charged Agreement relating to such 
Series; 
(B) 
the obligations of the Issuer to make payments in respect of such Notes and 
any such Charged Agreement will be limited to the Relevant Sums and the 
holders of such Notes and any such Swap Counterparty shall have no further 
recourse to the Issuer (or any of its rights, assets or properties), the Dealer, 
the Swap Counterparty or any other Programme Party or person and, without 
limiting the generality of the foregoing, any right of the holders of such Notes 
and any such Swap Counterparty to claim payment of any amount exceeding 
the Relevant Sums shall be automatically extinguished; and 
(C) 
the holders of such Notes and any such Swap Counterparty shall not be 
entitled to petition for the winding up of the Issuer as a consequence of any 
such shortfall or otherwise. 
1.2 
Priority of Payments and Different Classes of Notes 
Upon the enforcement of the security for the Notes of a Series comprising more than 
one class or Tranche, payment of amounts due to the holders of a class or Tranche of 
Notes ranking senior to one or more junior ranking class or classes (or Tranche or 
Tranches) of Notes shall be made before payment is made to the next most senior 
ranking class or Tranche of Notes. Thus, the rights to receive payments in respect of 
more junior ranking class or classes (or Tranche or Tranches) of Notes are junior and

--- Page 35 ---
35
subordinate to the rights to receive payments in respect of more senior ranking class 
or classes (or Tranche or Tranches) of Notes.   
The risks of delays in payments or ultimate non-payment of principal and/or interest 
will be borne disproportionately by holders of the more junior ranking class or classes 
(or Tranche or Tranches) of Notes as compared to holders of more senior ranking 
class or classes (or Tranche or Tranches) of Notes. Further upon any enforcement of 
the security for the Notes of a Series, whether comprised of one or more Classes or 
Tranches, where the Final Terms or Pricing Supplement, as the case may be, specify 
that the priority of payments that applies is Swap Counterparty Priority, Adjusted 
Swap Counterparty Priority or Further Adjusted Swap Counterparty Priority, amounts 
due and owing to the Swap Counterparty (see “Swap Counterparty’s Priority” below) 
may be paid prior to any payments on the Notes. 
The Trustee will generally be required to have regard to the separate interests of the 
holders of each class or Tranche. However, in certain circumstances the Trustee shall 
be required not to have regard to the interests of the holders of a class or Tranche of 
Notes ranking junior to one or more senior ranking class or Tranche of Notes to the 
extent any of such senior class or classes (or Tranche or Tranches) of Notes remain 
outstanding. 
1.3 
Swap Counterparty’s Priority 
Where the Final Terms or Pricing Supplement, as the case may be, specify that Swap 
Counterparty Priority, Adjusted Swap Counterparty Priority or Further Adjusted Swap 
Counterparty Priority applies, the obligation of the Issuer to pay all amounts due to the 
Swap Counterparty after enforcement of security for such Notes will rank senior to 
payments in respect of the Notes of such Series, unless, where Adjusted Swap 
Counterparty Priority applies, the Swap Counterparty defaults in respect of the 
Charged Agreement or where Further Adjusted Swap Counterparty Priority applies, 
the Swap Counterparty defaults in respect of the Charged Agreement or is the sole 
affected party in relation to a termination event that has occurred in respect of the 
Charged Agreement.  
However, investors should note that in the event that: 
(A) 
if Adjusted Swap Counterparty Priority applies and the Charged Agreement 
has terminated due to a default by the Swap Counterparty under the Charged 
Agreement; or 
(B) 
if Further Adjusted Swap Counterparty Priority applies and the Charged 
Agreement has terminated due to the Swap Counterparty defaulting in respect 
of the Charged Agreement or being the sole affected party in relation to a 
termination event that has occurred in respect of the Charged Agreement, 
and where the Swap Counterparty has received eligible collateral from the Issuer 
pursuant to any credit support annex entered into in connection with the Charged 
Agreement (a “Credit Support Annex”), the Swap Counterparty’s claim against the 
Issuer as a result of the termination of the Charged Agreement may be satisfied in 
whole or in part before the claims of the Noteholders (notwithstanding that pursuant to 
the Adjusted Swap Counterparty Priority or the Further Adjusted Swap Counterparty 
Priority, as the case may be, the claims of the Swap Counterparty should rank behind 
the claims of Noteholders) because the Swap Counterparty will be able to satisfy its

--- Page 36 ---
36
claim against the Issuer in whole or in part with the eligible collateral it has received 
from the Issuer pursuant to the Credit Support Annex and that has not subsequently 
been redelivered by the Swap Counterparty to the Issuer pursuant to the Credit 
Support Annex.   
As a result, Noteholders will only have recourse against the Issuer in respect of such 
part of the Charged Assets that has not been delivered to the Swap Counterparty 
pursuant to the Credit Support Annex or that has subsequently been redelivered by 
the Swap Counterparty to the Issuer pursuant to the Credit Support Annex. 
In the circumstances described above, in the event that the Charged Agreement has 
terminated due to the Swap Counterparty defaulting in respect of the Charged 
Agreement or being the sole affected party in relation to a termination event that has 
occurred in respect of the Charged Agreement and the Swap Counterparty has 
received eligible collateral from the Issuer pursuant to the Credit Support Annex which 
is not sufficient to satisfy the Swap Counterparty’s claim against the Issuer, the Swap 
Counterparty’s remaining claim will rank behind the claims of Noteholders. 
In carrying out its duties and exercising its discretions in respect of any Series of 
Notes, the Trustee will be under no obligation or duty to act on any directions of the 
Noteholders or any requests by any Swap Counterparty (save as expressly otherwise 
provided for). In the event of any conflict between directions given by the Noteholders 
and by the Swap Counterparty it shall act only in accordance with the directions of 
Noteholders provided that if the Swap Counterparty gives directions to the Trustee in 
connection with any failure to pay when due any amount at any time owing to the 
Swap Counterparty, the Trustee shall be entitled to act in accordance only with the 
directions of the Swap Counterparty. 
1.4 
Credit ratings may not reflect all risks 
Notes issued under the Programme may be rated or unrated. Where an issue of 
Notes is rated, the applicable rating(s) will be specified in the applicable Final Terms. 
Such rating(s) will not necessarily be the same as the ratings assigned to any of the 
Issuers, the Programme described in this Programme Prospectus or to Notes already 
issued. 
The rating(s) assigned to any Notes may not reflect the potential impact of all risks 
related to the structure of the issue, market, additional factors discussed herein, and 
other factors that may affect the value of the Notes. Accordingly, a credit rating is not 
a recommendation to buy, sell or hold securities and may be revised or withdrawn by 
the rating agency at any time. 
There are no guarantees that any rating assigned to an issue of Notes will be 
assigned or maintained. Any credit rating agency may lower its rating or withdraw its 
rating if, in the sole judgement of the credit rating agency, the credit quality of the 
Notes has declined or is in question. In addition, at any time a credit rating agency 
may revise its relevant rating methodology with the result that, among other things, 
any rating assigned to the Notes may be lowered. If any of the rating(s) assigned to 
the Notes is lowered or withdrawn, the market value of the Notes may be reduced.

--- Page 37 ---
37
1.5 
Risks associated with Notes paying a fixed rate of interest 
In respect of any Notes for which the coupon is fixed (including Fixed Rate Notes), 
subsequent changes in market interest rates may adversely affect the value of the 
Notes. A decrease in market interest rates will have a positive impact on the value of 
the Notes, as the rate of interest payable on the Notes will remain unchanged. 
Conversely, an increase in market interest rates will have an adverse impact on the 
value of the Notes. 
1.6 
Risks associated with Notes paying a floating rate of interest 
(A) 
the interest rate payable pursuant to the Notes will vary in accordance with the 
level of the benchmark, 
(B) 
during the term of the Notes, the benchmark may be lower than it was as at 
the Issue Date; and 
(C) 
the benchmark may be negative, which means that the interest rate payable 
may be less than the margin stated to be payable pursuant to the Notes and 
could be zero. 
See the risk factor titled – “Benchmark and the risk of a Reference Rate Event” under 
the “Risk Factors Relating to Regulation” section below for a description of the risks 
relating to the occurrence of a Reference Rate Event in respect of certain benchmarks. 
1.7 
Credit-Linked Notes 
A non-exhaustive list of risks relating to an investment in unlisted Notes which are 
described in the relevant Pricing Supplement as Credit-Linked Notes may, where 
appropriate, be specified in the relevant Pricing Supplement. 
1.8 
Legal Opinions 
Whilst legal opinions relating to the issue of a Series of Notes may be obtained by the 
Arranger, the relevant Dealer and/or the Trustee with respect to English law and 
Dutch law, it is not intended that opinions be obtained with respect to any other 
applicable laws, including the laws of the country of incorporation of the obligor(s) 
under the Charged Assets or any Swap Counterparty and which, depending on the 
circumstances, may affect inter alia, the effectiveness and ranking of the security for 
the Notes, or with respect to the validity, enforceability or binding nature of the 
relevant Charged Assets or any Charged Agreement. 
1.9 
Stub Amounts 
In relation to any Series of Notes which have an Authorised Denomination consisting 
of the minimum specified denomination plus a higher integral multiple of another 
smaller amount, it is possible that the Notes may be traded in amounts in excess of 
EUR100,000 (or its equivalent) that are not integral multiples of EUR 100,000 (or its 
equivalent). In such a case a Noteholder who, as a result of trading such amounts, 
holds a principal amount of less than the minimum specified denomination may not 
receive a Definitive Note in respect of such holding (should Definitive Notes be printed) 
and would need to purchase a principal amount of Notes such that its holding 
amounts to the minimum specified denomination.

--- Page 38 ---
38
2. 
Risk Factors Relating to Charged Assets 
2.1 
Charged Assets are subject to credit, liquidity and interest rate risks 
Where in respect of a Series of Notes there are Charged Assets, such Charged 
Assets will be subject to credit, liquidity and interest rate risks. Such Charged Assets 
may be rated below investment grade and, in such case, will have greater credit and 
liquidity risk than investment grade assets. Whether or not such Charged Assets are 
investment grade, if a default or other mandatory redemption event specified in 
Condition 7(b) occurs with respect to any Charged Assets securing the Notes of any 
Series and the Trustee or Realisation Agent (as defined herein) sells or otherwise 
disposes of such Charged Assets, it is not likely that the proceeds of such sale or 
disposition will be equal to the unpaid principal and interest thereon. Even in the 
absence of a default with respect to any of the Charged Assets securing any Series of 
Notes, due to potential market volatility, the market value of such Charged Assets at 
any time will vary, and may vary substantially, from the price at which such Charged 
Assets were initially purchased and from the principal amount of such Charged Assets. 
Accordingly, no assurance can be given as to the amount of proceeds of any sale or 
disposition, or the amount received or recovered upon maturity, of such Charged 
Assets securing any Series of Notes, or that the proceeds of any such sale or 
disposition would be sufficient to repay principal of and interest on the Notes of the 
related Series and amounts payable prior thereto. In the event of an insolvency of an 
issuer or obligor in respect of the Charged Assets, various insolvency and related 
laws applicable to such issuer or obligor may limit the amount the Trustee may 
recover and determine or affect when such recovery may be made. 
In addition to the risks described above, if the Charged Assets are in the form of 
interests in loans rather than bonds, the Charged Assets will be subject to additional 
liquidity and, in some cases, credit risks. Loans are not generally traded on organised 
exchange markets but are traded by banks and other institutional investors engaged 
in loans syndications. Consequently, the liquidity of any loans included in the Charged 
Assets securing a given Series of Notes will depend on the liquidity of these trading 
markets, and there can be no assurance that there will be any market for any loan 
securing a Series of Notes if the Issuer or the Trustee is required to sell or otherwise 
dispose of such loan. In addition, if so specified in the applicable Pricing Supplement, 
the Charged Assets for a given Series of unlisted Notes may include participation 
interests in loans. Holders of loan participations are subject to additional risks not 
applicable to a holder of a direct interest in a loan. A holder of a participation interest 
may be subject to the credit risk of the participating institution, which will remain the 
legal owner of record of the applicable loan. Participants also do not generally benefit 
from the collateral (if any) supporting the loans in which they have an interest because 
loans participations generally do not provide a purchaser with direct rights to enforce 
compliance by the obligor with the terms of the loan agreement, nor do they provide 
any rights of set-off against the obligor. 
Since the Charged Assets may be constituted by debt instruments issued by certain 
credit institutions, the attention of investors is drawn to the paragraph headed “The 
Bank Recovery and Resolution Directive” below.

--- Page 39 ---
39
2.2 
Charged Agreements may provide for the amount of Charged Assets held by 
the Issuer to be reduced  
Pursuant to the terms of any Charged Agreement, the amount of Charged Assets held 
by the Issuer from time to time may be less than the amount held by it on the Issue 
Date, and potentially the Issuer may not hold any Charged Assets. This is because 
the Issuer may be required to transfer Charged Assets to the Swap Counterparty 
under the relevant Charged Agreement, to collateralise any exposure of the Swap 
Counterparty to the Issuer and/or otherwise in accordance with the relevant Charged 
Agreement in exchange for the Swap Counterparty making other payments or 
deliveries to the Issuer. 
The Charged Agreement may also provide for the Swap Counterparty to deliver 
assets to the Issuer which may be different to the Charged Assets, to collateralise any 
exposure of the Issuer under the relevant Charged Agreement or to otherwise comply 
with the terms of the agreement. The types of assets that may comprise Charged 
Assets held by the Issuer pursuant to the Charged Agreement may be less liquid and 
more volatile than the Charged Assets.  
Accordingly, the value of Charged Assets held by the Issuer at any time after the 
Issue Date may be considerably lower than the value of Charged Assets on the Issue 
Date.  
2.3 
If the Charged Assets are liquidated, the amount of the liquidation proceeds 
that will be received is uncertain 
If the Notes are redeemed other than in accordance with their terms on the Maturity 
Date, the Charged Assets relating to such Notes will be sold or otherwise liquidated. 
No assurance can be given as to the amount of proceeds of any sale or liquidation of 
such Charged Assets at that time and the price achieved may depend on a variety of 
factors.  
The price at which such Charged Assets is sold or otherwise liquidated may be 
significantly less than the value of the Charged Assets on the Issue Date.  
2.4 
No claim against any Collateral Obligor 
The Notes will not represent a claim against the issuer or obligor of the Charged 
Assets and, in the event of any loss, a Noteholder will not have recourse under the 
Notes to the Charged Assets obligor. 
2.5 
Emerging Markets Charged Assets 
The assets comprising the Charged Assets in respect of any Series of Notes may 
originate from an emerging markets country. Investing in obligations of entities in 
emerging markets countries or in obligations which are secured by or referenced to 
such obligations involves certain systemic and other risks and special considerations 
which include: 
(A) 
the prices of emerging markets obligations may be subject to sharp and 
sudden fluctuations and declines;

--- Page 40 ---
40
(B) 
emerging markets obligations tend to be relatively illiquid. Trading volume may 
be lower than in debt of higher grade credits. This may result in wide bid/offer 
spreads generally and in adverse market conditions. In addition, the sale or 
purchase price quoted for a portion of the Charged Assets may be better than 
can actually be obtained on the sale of the entire holding of the Charged 
Assets; 
(C) 
published information in or in respect of emerging markets countries and the 
issuers of or obligors in respect of emerging markets obligations has been 
proven on occasions to be materially inaccurate; 
(D) 
in certain cases the holders of Notes may be exposed to the risk of default by 
a sub-custodian in an emerging markets country; and 
(E) 
realisation of Charged Assets comprising emerging markets obligations may 
be subject to restrictions or delays arising under local law. 
2.6 
Country and Regional Risk 
The price and value of any Charged Assets may be influenced by the political, 
financial and economic stability of the country and/or region in which an obligor of any 
Charged Assets is incorporated or has its business or of the country of the currency in 
which any Charged Assets are denominated. In certain cases, the price and value of 
assets originating from countries ordinarily not considered to be emerging markets 
countries may behave in a similar manner to those of assets originating from 
emerging markets countries. 
2.7 
Optional Redemption 
If a Charged Agreement comprises all or part of the Collateral in respect of a Series of 
Notes, such Notes may be subject to early redemption at the election of the Swap 
Counterparty as provided in the terms and conditions of the relevant Charged 
Agreement. Investors may be subject to reinvestment risk in such event. It is not 
possible to determine in advance whether such optional redemption will be exercised. 
2.8 
Consequences of Charged Assets Disruption Event
If a Charged Assets Disruption Event occurs (being, in summary, the adjustment or 
replacement of any index, benchmark or price source by reference to which any 
amount payable under the Charged Assets is determined), the Determination Agent 
may deliver a notice to the Issuer requiring it to (i) amend the terms of the Notes; or (ii) 
redeem the Notes. 
The purpose of any such amendments (the “Charged Assets Disruption Event 
Amendments”) must be to account for any Charged Assets Disruption Event 
Losses/Gains incurred by the Swap Counterparty which will typically be determined by 
reference to any difference between the cash flows under the Charged Assets and 
any transactions in place to hedge the Swap Counterparty's obligations under the 
swap transactions which have resulted following the occurrence of a Charged Assets 
Disruption Event. If there are no such hedge transactions, the Charged Assets 
Disruption Event Losses/Gains will include any change to the amounts scheduled to 
be paid by the obligor of the Charged Assets pursuant to the terms of the Charged 
Assets following the occurrence of a Charged Assets Disruption Event.

--- Page 41 ---
41
The Charged Assets Disruption Event Amendments may result in any interest amount 
and/or principal amount payable pursuant to the Notes being increased or decreased. 
Consequently, amendments made as a result of a Charged Assets Disruption Event 
may not be beneficial to the Noteholders. 
3. 
Risk Factors Relating to the Issuer 
3.1 
The Issuer is a special purpose vehicle 
The Issuer is incorporated in the Netherlands and its only business is the issuance of 
Notes and raising finance by Alternative Investments including, without limitation, by 
way of loan, purchasing assets or entry into other derivative transactions and other 
transactions.  
The Issuer has, and will have, no assets other than its issued and paid-up share 
capital, such fees (as agreed) payable to it in connection with the issue of Notes or 
Alternative Investments or entry into of other obligations from time to time and any 
Collateral on which Notes or Alternative Investments or other obligations of a Series 
are secured. The attention of investors is drawn to the paragraph headed “Payments 
under the Notes are Limited Recourse” above. Accordingly, there are risks in investing 
in Notes or Alternative Investments issued by the Issuer which differ from risks in 
investing in instruments issued by a trading company with substantial assets and/or 
operations.  
3.2 
The Issuer is structured to be insolvency-remote, but it is not insolvency-proof 
The Issuer is structured to be insolvency-remote and will contract with parties who 
agree not to make any application for the commencement of winding-up or bankruptcy 
or similar proceedings under the Applicable Laws of any jurisdiction against the Issuer. 
The Issuer is permitted (as provided for in the Trust Deed) to contract only with parties 
who agree not to make any application for the commencement of winding-up or 
bankruptcy or similar proceedings under the applicable laws of any jurisdiction against 
the Issuer.  
However, there is no assurance that all claims that arise against the Issuer will be on 
a non-petition basis or that such contractual provisions will necessarily be respected 
in all jurisdictions, in particular where claims arise from third parties that have no direct 
contractual relationship with the Issuer or if the Issuer fails for any reason to comply 
with its contractual obligations (including the obligation only to contract on a “non-
petition” basis).  
A creditor (including a contingent or prospective creditor) that has not accepted non-
petition provisions in respect of the Issuer may be entitled to make an application for 
the 
commencement 
of 
insolvency 
proceedings 
against 
the 
Issuer. 
The 
commencement of such proceedings may entitle such a creditor to terminate 
contracts with the Issuer and claim damages for any loss suffered as a result of such 
early termination. If the Notes remain outstanding at the time that any insolvency 
proceedings are commenced, this may also lead to an early redemption of the Notes 
and related enforcement actions. 
Furthermore, on 1 January 2021, the Dutch Bill on the Confirmation of Private Plans 
(Wet Homologatie Onderhands Akkoord, “WHOA”) entered into force which 
introduced a pre-insolvency procedure in the Netherlands. Pursuant to the WHOA it is

--- Page 42 ---
42
possible to offer a restructuring plan to prevent the Issuer from going insolvent or to 
accommodate a controlled liquidation and distribution of the (insolvent) debtor’s 
assets to its creditors. A restructuring plan under the WHOA can be proposed by the 
Issuer, its creditors and its shareholder(s). The WHOA provides for a wide range of 
options to restructure the Issuer’s financial obligations, such as, for example, deferring 
or partially releasing payment obligations, amending the terms of debt instruments or 
offering debt for equity swaps. Each creditor and shareholder whose rights and 
obligations will be affected by the restructuring plan is entitled to vote and each class 
will vote separately. For each class of creditors or shareholders, respectively 2/3 of 
the total amount of claims by the creditors or 2/3 of the subscribed capital must vote in 
favour of the restructuring plan in order for it to pass. If at least one of the classes of 
creditors that in bankruptcy would be fully or partially paid voted in favour of the 
restructuring plan, the Issuer can file a request to the court for approval of the 
restructuring plan. Once approved and confirmed by the relevant percentage of 
creditors and the court, the restructuring plan will be binding on all creditors and 
shareholders involved in the restructuring plan. 
3.3 
In the insolvency of the Issuer certain creditors may be preferred to the 
Transaction Parties under Netherlands law 
The Issuer may be declared insolvent upon petition by a creditor of the Issuer or at the 
request of the Issuer in accordance with the relevant provisions of insolvency law in 
the Netherlands. If as a result of such claims by the Issuer’s creditors a shortfall arises, 
such shortfall is normally expected to be borne by the Noteholders and the 
Programme Parties in accordance with the priority of payment provisions contained in 
the relevant Programme documents. 
However, if a Netherlands court were required to analyse the subordination and 
priority of payment provisions contained in the relevant Programme documents and 
the Notes in the context of insolvency proceedings initiated against the Issuer, the 
court may disregard the rules on priority of payments provided for in such documents, 
and apply mandatory rules of priority of payments applicable in insolvency 
proceedings to the extent that certain third parties have legal preference rights. Such 
preferred creditors include the bankruptcy receiver and the tax authorities. 
If the court decided to disregard the contractual priority of payments, the Noteholders 
would be subordinated and would rank behind the creditors mandatorily preferred by 
Netherlands law. Any claims made by such preferred creditors would also fall outside 
the terms of the Notes and the prescribed order of priority. This may result in the 
Noteholders receiving reduced payments under the Notes than that they would if the 
priority of payments as set out in the Constituting Instrument were upheld in full.
3.4 
The Issuer is operated by a corporate services provider 
The Issuer has appointed and is operated by the corporate services provider in 
accordance with the terms of the related corporate services agreement. The corporate 
services provider is an independent, third party entity which has agreed to provide 
certain administrative, accounting and related services to entities of the same type as 
the Issuer. All managers of the issuer are therefore employees of the corporate 
services provider. 
The operations of the Issuer may be adversely affected by the termination of the 
appointment of the corporate services provider. The Issuer may also be adversely

--- Page 43 ---
43
affected by the insolvency or bankruptcy of the corporate services provider or any 
default, negligence or fraud on the part of the corporate services provider or any of its 
employees or agents. 
3.5 
The Issuer may be subject to anti-money laundering legislation which if violated 
could materially and adversely affect the timing and amount of payments made 
by the Issuer 
The Issuer may be subject to legislation and regulations relating to corrupt and illegal 
payments and money laundering (including tax evasion) as well as laws, sanctions 
and restrictions relation to certain individuals and countries. If the Issuer were 
determined by the relevant authorities to be in violation of any such legislation or 
regulations, it could become subject to significant penalties, including in certain cases 
criminal penalties.  
Any such violation could have a material and adverse effect on the timing and amount 
of payments made by the Issuer to Noteholders in respect of the Notes. A breach of 
the relevant legislation in respect of Notes of a single Series may affect the legal and 
regulatory treatment of the entire Issuer and the Notes issued in respect of all other 
Series. 
3.6 
No Guarantee of Performance 
None of the Programme Parties is obligated to make payments on the Notes, and 
none of them guarantees the value of the Notes or is obliged to make good on any 
losses suffered as a result of an investment in the Notes. 
Investors must rely solely on the relevant Collateral for payment under the Notes and 
there is no guarantee that amounts received by the Issuer from the Collateral will be 
sufficient to pay all amounts when due if at all.   
4. 
Risk Factors Relating to Credit 
4.1 
Exposure to Credit Risks Relating to Charged Assets 
If the issuer(s) of, or obligor(s) under, the relevant Charged Assets or any Swap 
Counterparty fails to make due and timely payment, or otherwise honour its 
obligations, under the relevant Charged Assets or Charged Agreement, a loss of 
principal and/or interest under the Notes may result. Accordingly, the Noteholders 
assume the credit risk of the issuer(s) of, or obligor(s) under, the relevant Charged 
Assets and any Swap Counterparty. 
None of the Issuer, any of the Programme Parties or any of their affiliates will have 
made any investigation of, or makes any representation or warranty, express or 
implied, as to, (i) the existence or financial or other condition of the issuer(s) of, or 
obligor(s) under, the relevant Charged Assets or any Swap Counterparty; or (ii) 
whether the relevant Charged Assets or Charged Agreement constitute legal, valid 
and binding obligations of the issuer(s) of, or obligor(s) under, the Charged Assets or 
the Swap Counterparty. 
The Noteholders and any prospective purchasers of the Notes should make their own 
independent appraisal of, and investigation into, the business, financial condition,

--- Page 44 ---
44
prospects, creditworthiness, status and affairs of the issuer(s) of, or the obligor(s) 
under, the relevant Charged Assets and any Swap Counterparty. 
4.2 
Exposure to Agent Credit Risks 
Every payment of principal or interest in respect of the Notes or any class (or Tranche) 
of Notes to or to the account of the relevant Paying Agent in the manner provided in 
the Agency Agreement relating to such Notes or class (or Tranche) of Notes shall 
operate in satisfaction pro tanto of the relative obligation of the Issuer in respect of 
such Notes or class (or Tranche) of Notes to pay such principal or interest, 
notwithstanding any default in the subsequent payment thereof by such Paying Agent 
to the holders of such Notes or class (or Tranche) of Notes. Any receipt by the 
Custodian of any proceeds in respect of the Charged Assets or any other assets 
forming part of the Collateral which are required to be applied to pay principal or 
interest in respect of the Notes or any class (or Tranche) of Notes shall operate in 
satisfaction pro tanto of the relative obligation of the Issuer in respect of such Notes or 
class (or Tranche) of Notes to pay such principal or interest, notwithstanding any 
default in the subsequent payment of such proceeds by the Custodian to the relevant 
Paying Agent. 
If the Paying Agent while holding funds for payment to Noteholders is declared 
insolvent, the Noteholders may not receive all (or any part) of any amounts due to 
them in respect of the Notes from the Paying Agents. The Issuer will still be liable to 
Noteholders in respect of such unpaid amounts but will have insufficient assets to 
make such payments and Noteholders may not receive any amounts due to them. 
Consequently, Noteholders are exposed to the creditworthiness of the Paying Agents 
in respect of the performance of their obligations under the Agency Agreement to 
make payments to Noteholders. 
4.3 
Exposure to Swap Counterparty Credit Risk 
If a Charged Agreement comprises all or part of the Collateral in respect of a Series of 
Notes, the ability of the Issuer to meet its obligations under such Notes will be 
dependent upon, inter alia, its receipt of payments from the Swap Counterparty under 
the Charged Agreement. Consequently, the Noteholders and the Issuer are relying 
not only on the creditworthiness of the issuers or obligors in respect of the relevant 
Charged Assets, if any, but also on the full and timely performance by, and 
creditworthiness of, the Swap Counterparty in respect of its obligations under the 
Charged Agreement in respect of such Series.  
Default by, or certain other events affecting, the Swap Counterparty may result in 
termination of the Charged Agreement and, in such circumstances, any amount 
payable or deliverable to the Issuer upon such termination may not be so paid or 
delivered in full. 
If, on termination of the Charged Agreement, an amount is due to the Issuer from the 
Swap Counterparty (after taking into account any collateral posted between the 
parties pursuant to the terms of the Charged Agreement), then the Issuer will have an 
unsecured claim against the Swap Counterparty for such amount and, in any 
insolvency of the Swap Counterparty, the Issuer’s claim will rank after those claims of 
the Swap Counterparty’s secured and other preferred creditors.

--- Page 45 ---
45
5. 
Risk Factors Relating to Market Volatility 
5.1 
No Secondary Market 
A secondary market may not develop in respect of the Notes. In the event that a 
secondary market in the Notes develops, there can be no assurance that it will 
provide holders of Notes with liquidity of investment or that it will continue for the life of 
the Notes. None of the Arranger, any Dealer or any of their respective affiliates is 
under any obligation to make a market in, or otherwise offer to repurchase or unwind 
the terms of, any Notes. In the event that the Arranger or any Dealer or any of their 
affiliates commences any market making, it may discontinue doing so at any time 
without notice. Accordingly, the purchase of Notes is suitable only for investors who 
can bear the risks associated with a lack of liquidity in, and the financial and other 
risks associated with an investment in, the Notes. Investors must be prepared to hold 
the Notes for an indefinite period of time or until the final redemption or maturity of the 
Notes. 
5.2 
Currency Risk 
An investment in Notes denominated and payable in a foreign currency entails 
significant risks to a Noteholder that would not be involved if a similar investment were 
made in Notes denominated and payable in such Noteholder’s home currency.  These 
risks include, without limitation, the possibility of significant changes in rates of 
exchange between the foreign currency and such Noteholder’s home currency and 
generally depend on economic and political events over which the Issuer has no 
control. 
5.3 
Volatility 
The market value of the Notes (whether indicative or firm) will vary over time and may 
be significantly less than par (or even zero) in certain circumstances. The Notes may 
not trade at par or at all. 
6. 
Risk Factors Relating to Regulation 
6.1 
Risks Relating to the Bank Recovery and Resolution Directive 
The directive providing for the establishment of an EU-wide framework for the 
recovery and resolution of credit institutions and investment firms in the EEA 
(Directive 2014/59/EU) (as amended, the “Bank Recovery and Resolution 
Directive” or “EU BRRD”) entered into force on 2 July 2014.  Such part of the EU 
BRRD forms part of retained EU law in the UK pursuant to the EUWA and the UK 
implementing measures thereunder (as amended, “UK BRRD”, and together with the 
EU BRRD referred to herein as “BRRD”).  The BRRD has been implemented in Italy 
through the adoption of two Legislative Decrees by the Italian Government, namely, 
Legislative Decrees No. 180/2015 and 181/2015, both of which were published in the 
Italian Official Gazette (Gazzetta Ufficiale) on 16 November 2015.  
The BRRD includes measures that include giving resolution authorities power to 
restrict claims made against a party in resolution. Following an exercise of any powers 
by a resolution authority, the Issuer may have insufficient assets or sums to meet its 
obligations under the Notes or the Constituting Instrument for that Series, the Notes 
may be the subject of an early redemption and any payment of redemption proceeds

--- Page 46 ---
46
to Noteholders may be delayed. For example, if any Charged Agreement is in-the-
money for the Issuer at a time when a resolution regime applies to the Swap 
Counterparty, then any claims the Issuer has against the Swap Counterparty for the 
close-out amount thereof may be adversely affected by being postponed, converted 
into other assets or even written down to zero. 
Accordingly, following an exercise of any powers by a resolution authority, the Issuer 
may have insufficient assets or sums to meet its obligations under the Notes or the 
Constituting Instrument for that Series, the Notes may be the subject of an early 
redemption and any payment of redemption proceeds to Noteholders may be delayed. 
In addition to a resolution regime affecting the Swap Counterparty, Noteholders 
should be aware that the BRRD may also apply to the obligor of any Collateral 
forming Charged Assets in respect of a Series of Notes and that in such case similar 
considerations to those set out above may apply.   
Furthermore, other resolution and recovery regimes, including those in specific EU 
member states, the UK, the United States and elsewhere, may also apply. As a 
consequence of any of the resolutions or actions referred to above, the Noteholders 
may lose all or some of their investment in the Notes. 
6.2 
Benchmarks and the risk of a Reference Rate Event 
Reference rates and indices, including interest rate benchmarks which are used to 
determine the amounts payable under financial instruments or the value of such 
financial instruments (“Benchmarks”) have, in recent years, been the subject of 
political and regulatory scrutiny as to how they are created and operated.

--- Page 47 ---
47
(A) 
The regulation and reform of Benchmarks 
A key element of the reform of benchmarks within the EU is Regulation (EU) 
2016/1011) which entered into force on 30 June 2016 (the “Benchmarks 
Regulation” or the “EU BMR”) and, within the UK, the Benchmarks Regulation 
(Regulation (EU) 2016/1011) as it forms part of domestic law by virtue of the 
European (Withdrawal) Act 2018 (the “UK BMR”). The EU BMR and UK BMR 
each apply to “contributors,” “administrators” and “users of” “benchmarks” in 
the EU and the UK respectively, and, among other things, (i) require 
benchmark administrators to be authorised or registered or, if non-EU-based 
(in the case of the EU BMR) or non-UK based (in the case of the UK BMR), to 
be deemed subject to an equivalent regulatory regime or otherwise recognised 
or endorsed) and to comply with extensive requirements in relation to the 
administration of “benchmarks”; and (ii) bans the use by supervised entities in 
the EU or the UK respectively of “benchmarks” of unauthorised/unregistered 
administrators. The scope of the EU BMR and the UK BMR are wide and, in 
addition to so-called “critical benchmark” indices such as (in the case of the EU 
BMR) EURIBOR and (in the case of the UK BMR) the Sterling Overnight 
Average (“SONIA”), could also potentially apply to many other interest rate 
indices, as well as other indices which are referenced in listed financial 
instruments (including listed Notes), financial contracts and investment funds. 
The EU BMR and UK BMR could each also have material impact on any listed 
Notes linked to a “benchmark” index, including in any of the following 
circumstances: 
(1) 
an index which is a “benchmark” could not be used as such if its 
administrator does not obtain authorisation or is based in a third country 
(subject to any applicable transitional provisions) and is not deemed to 
be subject to equivalent regulation and is not otherwise recognised or 
endorsed. In such event, depending on the particular “benchmark” and 
the applicable terms of the Notes, the Notes could be de-listed, adjusted, 
redeemed or otherwise impacted; and 
(2) 
the methodology or other terms of the “benchmark” could be changed in 
order to comply with the terms of the EU BMR or UK BMR, as applicable, 
and such changes could have the effect of reducing or increasing the 
rate or level or affecting the volatility of the published rate or level, and 
could lead to adjustments to the terms of the Notes, including calculation 
agent determination of the rate or level in its discretion. 
The foregoing may adversely affect the value of the Notes and/or the liquidity 
of the Notes in the secondary markets. 
As of 1 January 2021, following the end of the transition period in respect of 
the UK’s departure from the EU, UK administrators have been deleted from the 
ESMA Register and the Benchmarks Regulation no longer apply to UK 
benchmark administrators. UK administrators that were originally included in 
the ESMA Register as EU administrators are now categorised as third country 
administrators (for which the Benchmarks Regulation foresees different 
regimes for inclusion in the ESMA Register, being equivalence, recognition or 
endorsement). EU supervised entities can until 31 December 2023 continue to 
use third country UK benchmarks even if they are not included in the ESMA

--- Page 48 ---
48
register. Subject to the applicable transitional provisions, if, for any reason a 
UK administrator of a Benchmark used by the Issuer fails to achieve 
authorisation in the EU via the means of equivalence, recognition or 
endorsement, the ability of the Issuer or any supervised entities in the EU to 
use such a benchmark would be restricted.  
If a Note is linked to any of the affected Benchmarks, (or if any transaction 
document of a Series or Charged Assets are linked to an affected Benchmark), 
certain events occurring in respect of that Benchmark (including its 
disappearance or, any changes in the manner of its administration or 
methodology, or a statement by a regulator declaring it as not being 
representative of the underlying market) could result in the occurrence of an 
Administrator/Benchmark Event and the early redemption of the Notes prior to 
their scheduled Maturity Date (see below paragraph (E) “Consequences of the 
occurrence of a Reference Rate Event”. 
(B) 
Triggers, fallbacks and amendment rights 
To the extent that any Notes or Collateral relating to the Notes of a Series 
reference a Benchmark, prospective investors should understand (i) what 
fallbacks might apply in place of such Benchmark (if any); (ii) when those 
fallbacks will be triggered; and (iii) what amendment rights (if any) exist under 
the terms of such Notes or Collateral. 
(C) 
Determining the occurrence of a Reference Rate Event 
If a Series references a Benchmark, there is a risk that a Reference Rate 
Event may occur in respect of such Benchmark. A Reference Rate Event is 
expected to occur if (i) the Benchmark has ceased or will cease to be provided 
permanently or indefinitely; (ii) the administrator of the Benchmark ceases to 
have the necessary authorisations and as a result it is not permitted under 
applicable law for one or more persons to perform their obligations under the 
Notes and/or any hedge transactions entered into by the Swap Counterparty; 
(iii) the Benchmark is, with respect to over-the-counter derivatives transactions 
which reference such Benchmark, the subject of any market-wide development 
pursuant to which such Benchmark is replaced with a risk-free rate (or near 
risk-free rate); or (iv) the supervisor of the administrator of the Benchmark, or 
another official body with applicable responsibility, makes an official statement, 
with effect from a date after 31 December 2021, that such Benchmark is no 
longer representative It is uncertain as to if or when a Reference Rate Event 
may occur in respect of a Benchmark. Whether a Reference Rate Event has 
occurred will be determined by the Determination Agent. 
Investors should be aware that a change (whether material or not) to the 
definition, methodology or formula for a Benchmark, or other means of 
calculating such Benchmark will not, in itself, constitute a Reference Rate 
Event unless, with respect to Notes issued by way of Final Terms or Pricing 
Supplement only, otherwise specified in the applicable Final Terms or Pricing 
Supplement. Each Noteholder will bear the risks arising from any such change 
and will not be entitled to any form of compensation as a result of any such 
change.

--- Page 49 ---
49
(D) 
Consequences of the occurrence of a Reference Rate Event 
If the Determination Agent determines that a Reference Rate Event has 
occurred in respect of a relevant Benchmark, it will attempt to (i) identify an 
alternative Benchmark; (ii) calculate an adjustment spread that will be applied 
to the alternative Benchmark (an “Adjustment Spread”); and (iii) determine 
such other amendments which it considers are necessary or appropriate in 
order to account for the effect of the replacement of the Benchmark with an 
alternative Benchmark (as adjusted by the Adjustment Spread) and/or to 
preserve as closely as practicable the economic equivalence of the Notes 
before and after the replacement of the Benchmark with an alternative 
Benchmark (as adjusted by the Adjustment Spread). Investors should be 
aware that (i) the application of any alternative Benchmark (notwithstanding 
the inclusion of any Adjustment Spread), together with any consequential 
amendments, could result in a lower amount being payable to Noteholders 
than would otherwise have been the case; (ii) any such Benchmark (as 
adjusted by any Adjustment Spread) and any consequential amendments shall 
apply without requiring the consent of the Noteholders or the Couponholders; 
and (iii) if no alternative Benchmark can be identified or Adjustment Spread 
calculated by the Determination Agent, the Notes will be the subject of an early 
redemption. There is no guarantee that an alternative Benchmark will be 
identified or that an Adjustment Spread will be calculated by the Determination 
Agent. 
(E) 
Determination of alternative Benchmark and any Adjustment Spread 
When identifying alternative Benchmarks, the Determination Agent may only 
have regard to (i) any alternative specified in the applicable Final Terms or 
Pricing Supplement, as the case may be; or (ii) Benchmarks that are 
recognised or acknowledged as being industry standard replacements for 
over-the-counter derivative transactions If both an alternative Benchmark is 
specified in the applicable Final Terms or Pricing Supplement and an industry 
standard replacement Benchmark exists, the alternative Benchmark specified 
in the applicable Final Terms or Pricing Supplement will take precedence. 
The Adjustment Spread shall (i) take account of any transfer of economic 
value that would otherwise arise as a result of replacing the relevant 
Benchmark, including any transfer of economic value from the Issuer to the 
Swap Counterparty (or vice versa) as a result of any changes made to the 
Charged Agreement as a consequence of such replacement; and (ii) reflect 
any losses, expenses and costs that have been or that will be incurred by the 
Swap Counterparty as a result of entering into, maintaining and/or unwinding 
any transactions to hedge the Swap Counterparty's obligations under the swap 
transactions under the Charged Agreement, which actions arose from the 
replacement under the Notes of the Reference Rate with the Replacement 
Reference Rate. The spread may be positive, negative or zero or determined 
pursuant to a formula or methodology. 
(F) 
Interim measures 
If, following a Reference Rate Event but prior to the Cut-off Date, the relevant 
Benchmark is required for any determination in respect of the Notes and

--- Page 50 ---
50
(1) 
the Benchmark is still available, and it is still permitted under applicable 
law or regulation for the Notes to reference the Benchmark, the level of 
the Benchmark shall be determined pursuant to the terms that would 
apply to the determination of the Benchmark as if no Reference Rate 
Event had occurred; or 
(2) 
the Benchmark is no longer available or it is no longer permitted under 
applicable law or regulation for the Notes to reference the Benchmark, 
the level of the Benchmark shall be determined by reference to the level 
on the last day on which the rate was published or can be used in 
accordance with applicable law or regulation, meaning that during this 
period determinations in respect of the Notes would be made by 
reference to a static rate that could depart significantly from prevailing 
market rates. 
To the extent that any Notes or Collateral relating to the Notes of a Series reference a 
Benchmark with respect to which a Reference Rate Event is likely to occur during the 
term of such Notes, prospective investors should be aware that the consequences of 
the occurrence of a Reference Rate Event described above will be realised if such a 
Reference Rate Event does occur. 
6.3 
Risks related to Notes which reference near risk free rates – SONIA, TONA, 
ESTR and SOFR 
To avoid the problems associated with the potential manipulation and financial 
stability risks of interbank offered rates ("IBORs"), regulatory authorities in a number 
of key jurisdictions are requiring financial markets to transition away from IBORs to 
near risk free rates ("RFRs") which exclude the element of interbank lending. 
RFRs may differ from IBORs in a number of material respects. In particular, in the 
majority of relevant jurisdictions, the chosen RFR is an overnight rate (for example, 
SONIA in respect of GBP and the Secured Overnight Financing Rate ("SOFR") in 
respect of USD), with the interest rate for a relevant period calculated on a backward 
looking (compounded or simple weighted average) basis, rather than on the basis of a 
forward looking term. As such, Noteholders should be aware that RFRs may behave 
materially differently from EURIBOR and other IBORs as interest reference rates for 
the Notes.  
Noteholders should also be aware that the market continues to develop in relation to 
RFRs such as SONIA, TONA, ESTR and SOFR as reference rates in the capital 
markets. In particular, market participants and relevant working groups are still 
exploring alternative reference rates based on SONIA and SOFR (which seek to 
measure the market's forward expectation of such rates over a designated term). 
SONIA, TONA, ESTR or SOFR rates may be modified or discontinued. Such 
modification or discontinuation may constitute a Reference Rate Event as further 
described above in paragraph 6.2 (Benchmarks and the risk of a Reference Rate 
Event) and may result in the rate applicable to the Notes being replaced with a 
successor or equivalent rate. These alternative rates are uncertain and no market 
convention currently exists, or may ever exist, for their determination.  
The market or a significant part thereof may adopt an application of SONIA, TONA, 
ESTR or SOFR and/or any other RFR that differs significantly from that set out in the

--- Page 51 ---
51
Terms and Conditions of the Notes (including in relation to fallbacks in the event that 
such rates are discontinued or fundamentally altered) and used in relation to Notes 
referencing any such RFR issued.  
Since RFRs are relatively new in the market, Notes linked to such rates may have no 
established trading market when issued, and an established trading market may never 
develop or may not be very liquid. Market terms for debt securities linked to SONIA, 
TONA, ESTR, SOFR and/or any other RFR, such as the spread over the relevant rate 
reflected in interest rate provisions, may evolve over time, and trading prices of the 
Notes linked to SONIA and/or any other RFR may be lower than those of later-issued 
debt securities linked to the same rate as a result. 
Hypothetical or historical performance data and trends are not indicative of, and have 
no bearing on, the potential performance of RFRs and therefore Noteholders should 
not rely on any such data or trends as an indicator of future performance. Daily 
changes in RFRs have, on occasion, been more volatile than daily changes in 
comparable benchmark or market rates. As a result, the return on and value of debt 
securities linked to RFRs may fluctuate more than floating rate securities that are 
linked to less volatile rates. The future performance of any RFR is impossible to 
predict, and therefore no future performance of any RFR should be inferred from any 
hypothetical or historical data or trends.  
Interest on Notes which reference SONIA, TONA, ESTR or SOFR is only capable of 
being determined at the end of the relevant Interest Period and immediately prior to 
the relevant Interest Payment Date. It may be difficult for Noteholders to reliably 
estimate the amount of interest that will be payable on such Notes. 
6.4 
Risks relating to the future relationship between the United Kingdom and the 
European Union  
On 23 June 2016, the United Kingdom voted to leave the European Union (“EU”) and 
the UK Government invoked Article 50 of the Lisbon Treaty relating to withdrawal on 
29 March 2017. Under Article 50, the Treaty on the European Union and the Treaty on 
the Functioning of the European Union cease to apply in the relevant state from the 
date of entry into force of a withdrawal agreement, or, failing that, two years after the 
notification of intention to withdraw.   
This date was extended and in October 2019 the UK was granted a further extension 
until 31 January 2020 after it had agreed a revised Withdrawal Agreement with the EU 
in October 2019. Following a general election on 12 December 2019, a new UK 
Government was elected with a significant Parliamentary majority and a Withdrawal 
Agreement Act was enacted on 23 January 2020, implementing the revised 
Withdrawal Agreement. The heads of the European Commission and European 
Council signed the revised Withdrawal Agreement on 24 January 2020 and the 
European Parliament ratified the revised Withdrawal Agreement on 29 January 2020. 
The UK left the EU on 31 January 2020 and entered into a transition period until the 
end of 2020.  
The EU-UK Trade and Co-operation Agreement (the “EU-UK Agreement”) was 
ratified at the end of 2020 and has provisionally applied since 1 January 2021 when 
the transition period ended. It is not yet certain how the EU-UK Agreement will 
operate in practice and there remains a degree of on-going political, economic and

--- Page 52 ---
52
legal uncertainty as regards the structure of the future relationship between the UK 
and the EU.  
The EU single market directives, mutual access rights to markets and market 
infrastructure across the EU and the mutual recognition of insolvency, bank  recovery 
and resolution regimes no longer apply between the EU and the UK as the EU-UK 
Agreements do not address such matters. These remain subject to discussions that 
will continue in 2021 on potential EU decisions on the equivalence of UK financial 
services regulation. Due to the on-going uncertainty regarding the structure of the 
future financial services relationship between the UK and the EU, the precise impact 
on the business of the Issuer is difficult to determine. As such, no assurance can be 
given that such matters would not adversely affect the ability of the Issuer (and the 
other Programme Parties) to satisfy its obligations under the Notes and/or the market 
value and/or the liquidity of the Notes in the secondary market. Such uncertainty could 
adversely impact the Issuer and the value of the Notes. 
6.5 
General taxation 
Each Noteholder will assume and be solely responsible for any and all taxes of any 
jurisdiction or governmental or regulatory authority, including, without limitation, any 
state or local taxes or other like assessment or charges that may be applicable to any 
payment to it in respect of the Notes. The Issuer will not be required to pay any 
additional amounts to Noteholders to reimburse them for any tax, assessment or 
charge required to be withheld or deducted from payments in respect of the Notes by 
the Issuer or any Paying Agents (including, where applicable, pursuant to laws 
requiring the deduction or withholding for, or on account of, any tax, duty or other 
charge whatsoever or pursuant to an agreement described in Section 1471(b) of the 
Code or otherwise imposed pursuant to Sections 1471 through 1474 of the Code and 
any regulations or agreements thereunder or official interpretations thereof). 
6.6 
Impact of Increased Regulation and Nationalisation 
The events since 2007 have seen increased involvement of governmental and 
regulatory authorities in the financial sector and in the operation of financial 
institutions. In particular, governmental and regulatory authorities in a number of 
jurisdictions have imposed stricter regulatory controls around certain financial 
activities and/or have indicated that they intend to impose such controls in the future. 
The United States of America, the EU, the UK and other jurisdictions are actively 
considering or are in the process of implementing various reform measures. Such 
regulatory changes and the method of their implementation may have a significant 
impact on the operation of the financial markets. It is uncertain how a changed 
regulatory environment will affect the Issuer, the treatment of instruments such as the 
Notes, the Arranger, the Swap Counterparty and the other Programme Parties.  
Investors should note that the Swap Counterparty may be entitled to terminate the 
Charged Agreement upon the occurrence of certain regulatory events (as described in 
the section of this Programme Prospectus entitled “Description of Charged 
Agreements – Early Termination of the Charged Agreement”). In such circumstances, 
the Notes will be redeemed early in accordance with Condition 7(c) (Redemption on 
termination of Charged Agreement). The Notes may also be redeemed early upon the 
occurrence of certain regulatory events in accordance with Condition 7(h) 
(Redemption for Regulatory Event) or in accordance with Condition 7(i) (Redemption

--- Page 53 ---
53
following a Charged Assets Disruption Event) or Condition 7(j) (Redemption following 
a Reference Rate Event).  
In addition, governments have shown an increased willingness, wholly or partially, to 
nationalise financial institutions, corporates and other entities in order to support the 
economy. Such nationalisation may impact adversely on the value of the stock or 
other obligations of any such entity. In addition, in order to effect such nationalisation, 
existing obligations or stock might have their terms mandatorily amended or be 
forcibly redeemed. To the extent that the obligors of Charged Assets (or any 
guarantor or credit support provider in respect thereof), the Counterparty or any other 
person or entity connected with the Notes is subject to nationalisation or other 
government intervention, it may have an adverse effect on a holder of a Note. 
6.7 
Enforcement of Legal Liabilities 
The Issuer is incorporated under the laws of the Netherlands. The directors of the 
Issuer named herein reside outside the United States and all or substantially all of the 
assets of the Issuer are located outside the United States. It may not be possible to 
enforce, in original actions in the Dutch courts, liabilities predicated solely on U.S. 
federal securities laws. 
7. 
Risk Factors Relating to U.S. Series  
7.1 
U.S. Investment Company Act of 1940 
In the case of a U.S. Series or U.S. Tranche, the Issuer has not been and will not be 
registered under the U.S. Investment Company Act of 1940 and any sales or transfers 
of Notes that would cause the Issuer to be required to register as an “investment 
company” under the 1940 Act will be void and will not be honoured by the Issuer.  
The Issuer shall have the right at any time, at the expense and risk of the holder of the 
Notes held by or on behalf of a US person who is not an Eligible Investor at the time it 
purchases such Notes, (i) to redeem such Notes, in whole or in part, to permit the 
Issuer to avoid registration under the 1940 Act or (ii) to require such holder to sell 
such Notes to an Eligible Investor. 
7.2 
Legality of Purchase 
In the case of a U.S. Series or a U.S. Tranche, where a Note is held by or on behalf of 
a U.S. person (as defined in Regulation S) or a person who is not a Non-United States 
Person (as defined in CFTC Rule 4.7 of the United States Commodity Futures Trading 
Commission), who is not an Eligible Investor at the time it purchases such Note, the 
Issuer may, in its discretion and at the expense and risk of such holder, redeem the 
Notes of any such holder who holds any Note in violation of the applicable transfer 
restrictions or compel any such holder to transfer the Notes to an Eligible Investor.

--- Page 54 ---
54
INVESTOR SUITABILITY 
IMPORTANT – PROSPECTIVE INVESTORS PLEASE NOTE 
THE NOTES AND ALTERNATIVE INVESTMENTS INVOLVE SUBSTANTIAL RISKS AND ARE 
SUITABLE ONLY FOR SOPHISTICATED INVESTORS WHO ARE FAMILIAR WITH 
INSTRUMENTS HAVING CHARACTERISTICS SIMILAR TO THE NOTES OR ALTERNATIVE 
INVESTMENTS AND HAVE THE KNOWLEDGE AND EXPERIENCE IN FINANCIAL AND 
BUSINESS MATTERS NECESSARY TO ENABLE THEM TO EVALUATE THE RISKS AND 
THE MERITS OF SUCH AN INVESTMENT OR TRANSACTION. THE NOTES AND (IF 
APPLICABLE) ALTERNATIVE INVESTMENTS ARE NOT PRINCIPAL PROTECTED, UNLESS 
EXPLICITLY SO PROVIDED IN THE CONSTITUTING INSTRUMENT THEREFOR, AND 
PURCHASERS OF NOTES AND (IF APPLICABLE) PARTIES TO ALTERNATIVE 
INVESTMENTS ARE EXPOSED TO FULL LOSS OF PRINCIPAL. ONLY PROSPECTIVE 
PURCHASERS OF NOTES OR PROSPECTIVE PARTIES TO ALTERNATIVE INVESTMENTS 
WHO CAN WITHSTAND THE LOSS OF THEIR ENTIRE INVESTMENT SHOULD BUY THE 
NOTES OR ALTERNATIVE INVESTMENTS. BEFORE MAKING AN INVESTMENT DECISION, 
PROSPECTIVE INVESTORS OR PARTIES TO ALTERNATIVE INVESTMENTS SHOULD 
CONDUCT SUCH INDEPENDENT INVESTIGATION AND ANALYSIS REGARDING THE 
ISSUER, THE NOTES OR ALTERNATIVE INVESTMENTS, THE COLLATERAL, EACH SWAP 
COUNTERPARTY UNDER A CHARGED AGREEMENT AND CONSIDER CAREFULLY, IN 
THE LIGHT OF THEIR OWN FINANCIAL CIRCUMSTANCES AND INVESTMENT 
OBJECTIVES, ALL THE INFORMATION SET FORTH IN THIS PROGRAMME PROSPECTUS 
AND, IN PARTICULAR, THE CONSIDERATIONS SET FORTH BELOW, IN THE RELEVANT 
FINAL TERMS OR PRICING SUPPLEMENT, AS THE CASE MAY BE AND IN THE SECTION 
HEADED “RISK FACTORS” ON PAGE 32. 
Investment in the Notes and entering into Alternative Investments is only suitable for investors 
who: 
(1) 
have the requisite knowledge and experience in financial and business matters, and 
access to, and knowledge of, appropriate analytical resources, to evaluate the information 
contained in this Programme Prospectus (and any information contained or incorporated 
herein by reference) and the relevant Final Terms or Pricing Supplement, as the case may 
be, and the merits and risks of an investment in the Issuer in the context of such investors’ 
financial, tax and regulatory circumstances and investment objectives; 
(2) 
are capable of bearing the economic risk of an investment in the Issuer for an indefinite 
period of time and the risk of the entire loss of any investment in the Issuer; 
(3) 
understand thoroughly the terms of the Notes or (if applicable) Alternative Investments 
and are familiar with the behaviour of any relevant reference assets and financial markets; 
(4) 
are able to evaluate (either alone or with the help of a financial adviser) possible scenarios 
for economic, currency and interest rates and other factors that may affect their 
investment and their ability to bear the applicable risks; 
(5)  
are acquiring the Notes or Alternative Investments for their own account for investment, 
not with a view to resale, distribution or other disposition of the Notes or Alternative 
Investments; 
(6) 
recognise that there is no secondary market for the Notes, and no secondary market is 
expected to develop in respect thereof, so that the purchase of the Notes is suitable only

--- Page 55 ---
55
for investors who can bear the risks associated with a lack of liquidity in the Notes and 
who are prepared to hold the Notes for an indefinite period of time or until the final 
redemption or maturity of the Notes; and 
(7) 
are banks, investment banks, pension funds, insurance companies, securities firms, 
investment institutions, central governments, large international or supranational 
organisations, other professional investors or certain other entities, including inter alia
treasuries and finance companies of enterprises. 
Prospective investors should note that an investment in Notes or Alternative Investments 
denominated in a currency other than the currency of the investor’s jurisdiction entails significant 
risks that are not associated with a similar investment in a security denominated and/or payable 
in the investor’s currency. These risks include, but are not limited to, the possibility of: 
(i) 
significant changes in rates of exchange between the investor’s currency and the currency 
in which the Notes or Alternative Investments are denominated and/or payable (including 
those resulting from the official redenomination or revaluation of the currency); and 
(ii)  
the imposition or modification of foreign exchange controls by either the jurisdiction of the 
investor or foreign governments. 
Prospective investors should note that an investment in the Notes or Alternative Investments is 
not an investment in any reference assets to which the performance of the Notes or Alternative 
Investments may be linked. Payments under a Series of Notes or Alternative Investments may be 
linked to one or more reference assets: 
(i) 
where Notes or Alternative Investments reference securities, a Noteholder has no rights 
against the company that has issued such securities; 
(ii) 
where the Notes or Alternative Investments reference an index, the Noteholder has no 
rights against the sponsor of such index; and 
(iii) 
Where the Notes or Alternative Investments reference a swap or other kind of hedging 
contract, a Noteholder has no rights against the counterparty of such swap or contract. 
An investment in the Notes or Alternative Investments is not an investment in any reference 
assets to which the performance of the Notes or Alternative Investments may be linked and an 
Noteholder will have no rights in relation to voting rights or other entitlements (including any 
dividend or other distributions) relating to such reference assets. 
Such Notes or Alternative Investments are not in any way sponsored, endorsed or promoted by 
any issuer, sponsor, manager or other connected person in respect of any Charged Assets or 
reference assets. Such entities have no obligation to take into account the consequences of their 
actions on any holders of Notes or Alternative Investments. 
The applicable Pricing Supplement issued in connection with a Series of unlisted Notes or 
Alternative Investments may also contain a further paragraph headed “Risk Factors” and 
particular attention is drawn to that section. 
The Issuer and the Arranger may, in their discretion, disregard interest shown by a prospective 
investor even though that investor satisfies the foregoing suitability standards.

--- Page 56 ---
56
CONFLICTS OF INTEREST 
Various potential and actual conflicts of interest may arise between the interests of the 
holders of Notes, on the one hand, and any of the Issuer and the Programme Parties, on the 
other hand, as a result of the various businesses and activities of such persons, and none of 
such persons is required to resolve such conflicts of interest in favour of the holders of such 
Notes. 
Such persons may deal in Charged Assets and other obligations and interests in and of the 
issuer or obligor thereof or any Swap Counterparty, may acquire or accept information from, 
make loans or otherwise extend credit to, and generally engage in any kind of commercial or 
investment banking or other business transactions with, any issuer or obligor of a Charged 
Asset or any Swap Counterparty or otherwise. In connection therewith, such persons may 
pursue such actions and take such steps as they each deem necessary or appropriate in 
their discretion to protect their respective interests, and in the same manner as if the Notes 
did not exist and, without regard as to whether such action or steps might have an adverse 
effect on the Notes, Collateral, or other obligations or interests of the issuers or obligors 
thereof or any holders of Notes. 
Business Relationships  
The Issuer, any of the Programme Parties and any of their respective affiliates may be 
affiliated to each other or have existing or future business relationships with each other or 
with any issuer or obligor of a Charged Asset (including, but not limited to, lending, depository, 
risk management, advisory and banking relationships), and will pursue actions and take steps 
that they deem or it deems necessary or appropriate to protect their or its interests arising 
therefrom without regard to the consequences for a Noteholder or the value of any Collateral 
or Notes. Furthermore, the Issuer, any of the Programme Parties and any of their respective 
affiliates may buy, sell or hold positions in Charged Assets and other obligations of, or act as 
investment or commercial bankers, advisers or fiduciaries to, or hold directorship and officer 
positions in, any obligor of a Charged Asset or any Swap Counterparty. 
Provision of Information 
The Swap Counterparty, any issuer or other obligor of a Charged Asset may have acquired, 
or during the term of the Notes may acquire, non-public information with respect to any Swap 
Counterparty or any issuer or other obligor of a Charged Asset or any Reference Entity. None 
of such persons is under any obligation to make such information available to Noteholders.  
No Agency Relationship 
The Swap Counterparty (if any) specified in respect of a Series of Notes will solely be acting 
as a contractual counterparty to the Issuer under the Charged Agreement. It is not, and will 
not be deemed to be acting as, the agent or trustee of the Issuer or the holders of any Notes 
in connection with the exercise of, or the failure to exercise, any of the rights or powers of the 
Swap Counterparty under the Charged Agreement or otherwise.

--- Page 57 ---
57
INFORMATION INCORPORATED BY REFERENCE 
The information contained in the documents listed under sections (a), (b) and (c) below (to the 
extent it appears in the tables below) shall be deemed to be incorporated by reference in, and 
form part of this Programme Prospectus. 
Following publication of any update or amendment to the below documents, the Issuer will, to the 
extent necessary under Article 23 of the Prospectus Regulation and/or under the Luxembourg 
Prospectus Law, prepare a supplement to this Programme Prospectus. 
The information incorporated by reference that is not included in the cross-reference lists is either 
deemed not relevant for an investor or is covered elsewhere in this Programme Prospectus.  
INFORMATION ON DUNIA CAPITAL B.V.  
(a) 
 the 2021 annual report and accounts in respect of the year ending on 31 
December 2021 which contains:  
Content 
Page (refers to the 
page of the pdf)
Report of the management 
4-10
Balance sheet  
11 & 23-26 
Profit and loss account
12 & 27-28
Cash flow statement 
13 
Notes to the annual accounts
14-22
Accounting principles
15
Other information 
29 
Auditor’s report
30-35
The 2021 annual report and accounts is available in electronic form on the website 
of the Issuer at 
https://www.duniacapital.nl/documents/2021%20Dunia%20Capital%20B.V.%20An
nual%20Report%20Independent%20auditor's%20report.pdf
(b) 
 the 2020 annual report and accounts in respect of the year ending on 31 
December 2020 which contains:  
Content 
Page (refers to the 
page of the pdf)
Report of the management 
4-10
Balance sheet 
11 & 24-30
Profit and loss account 
12 & 31-33 
Cash flow statement
13
Notes to the annual accounts 
14-23 
Accounting principles
15
Other information
34
Auditor’s report 
36-41 
The 2020 annual report and accounts is available in electronic form on the website 
of the Issuer at 
https://www.duniacapital.nl/documents/2020%20Dunia%20Capital%20B.V.%20-
%20Independent%20auditors%20report.pdf

--- Page 58 ---
58
INFORMATION ON THE SWAP COUNTERPARTY  
(c) 
 the base prospectus dated 22 December 2021 (as supplemented by the 
supplements to the base prospectus dated 15 February 2022, 21 March 2022, 12 
May 2022 and 8 August 2022) in respect of the Euro 70,000,000,000 Euro Medium 
Term Note Programme of Intesa Sanpaolo S.p.A. (the “Intesa Sanpaolo Base 
Prospectus”) which contains: 
Content
Page
History and Organisation 
197-200 
Intesa Sanpaolo in the last two years
200-209
The Intesa Sanpaolo Base Prospectus is available in electronic form on the 
website 
of 
the 
Issuer 
at 
https://group.intesasanpaolo.com/content/dam/portalgroup/repository-
documenti/investor-
relations/Contenuti/RISORSE/Documenti%20PDF/prosp_programma_MTN/20211
230_EMTN_Programme_Update_2021_Base_Prospectus.pdf.  
This Programme Prospectus, each supplement hereto, any information incorporated by reference 
herein and the Final Terms or Pricing Supplement, as the case may be, with respect to any issue 
of Notes or Alternative Investments admitted to trading on the regulated market of the 
Luxembourg Stock Exchange, so long as the relevant Notes or Alternative Investments remain 
outstanding, (i) will be available, during usual business hours on any day (Saturdays, Sundays 
and public holidays excepted) for inspection at the registered office of each of the Issuer, the 
Trustee and the specified offices of the Principal Paying Agent, the Paying Agent in Luxembourg 
and the Luxembourg Listing Agent (in each case, if any); or (ii) alternatively at the option of the 
Trustee, the Principal Paying Agent, the Paying Agent in Luxembourg and/or the Luxembourg 
Listing Agent, may be provided by email to a Noteholder and the Noteholder must produce 
evidence satisfactory to the Trustee or relevant Agent, as the case may be, as to its holding of 
such Notes and identity.  
Any statement contained herein or in a document incorporated by reference herein shall be 
modified for purposes of this Programme Prospectus to the extent that a statement contained 
herein or in any other subsequently filed document which also is incorporated by reference herein 
modifies such statement. Any such statement modified shall not, except as so modified, 
constitute a part of the Programme Prospectus.  
Copies of the documents incorporated by reference in this Programme Prospectus can also be 
viewed on the website of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange at www.bourse.lu. 
This Programme Prospectus, each supplement hereto, any information incorporated by reference 
herein and copies of the Final Terms or Pricing Supplement, as the case may be, with respect to 
any issue of Notes or Alternative Investments will be available in electronic form on the website of 
the Issuer at www.duniacapital.nl.  
The information on the website of the Issuer does not form part of the Programme Prospectus 
unless that information is incorporated by reference into the Programme Prospectus.

--- Page 59 ---
59
SUPPLEMENT TO THE PROGRAMME PROSPECTUS 
If at any time the Issuer shall be required to prepare a supplement to this Programme Prospectus 
pursuant to Article 23 of the Prospectus Regulation and the relevant implementing measures in 
the Grand Duchy of Luxembourg, the Issuer will prepare and make available an appropriate 
supplement to this Programme Prospectus (a “Programme Prospectus Supplement”) or 
replace this Programme Prospectus. 
Any such Programme Prospectus Supplement or replacement of this Programme Prospectus 
shall be published on the Luxembourg Stock Exchange website www.bourse.lu.

--- Page 60 ---
60
TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THE NOTES 
The following is the text of the terms and conditions which, save for the italicised text, will be 
included by reference into the Constituting Instrument constituting the Series or Tranche of Notes 
and endorsed on Notes in definitive form (if any). In respect of Listed Notes (as defined below), 
these terms and conditions are subject to completion by the Final Terms only. The Final Terms 
will be as set out in the relevant Constituting Instrument. In respect of unlisted Notes, these terms 
and conditions are subject to completion by the relevant Pricing Supplement and may be as 
supplemented, varied or restated in accordance with the provisions of the relevant Constituting 
Instrument. The relevant Constituting Instrument will indicate, or set out in full, those provisions of 
these terms and conditions, and the amendments, variations and the supplementary provisions to 
such terms and conditions or any restatement thereof, which are, in each case, applicable to the 
unlisted Notes of such Series or Tranche. 
DUNIA Capital B.V. (the “Issuer”) has established a Programme for the issue of Notes (as 
defined below) and the making of Alternative Investments (as defined in Condition 5). Notes 
issued under the Issuer’s Programme are issued in Series (each, a “Series”) and each Series 
may comprise one or more tranches (each, a “Tranche”) of Notes. Each particular Series of 
Notes is constituted, governed and secured (where applicable) by or pursuant to a constituting 
instrument relating to the Notes (the “Constituting Instrument”) dated the Issue Date (as 
defined in Condition 6(l)) between the Issuer, each person (if any) named therein as a swap 
counterparty (each a “Swap Counterparty”, which expression as used herein shall mean all or 
any of such persons, as the case may be), the “Trustee” (as defined in the Constituting 
Instrument and which expression shall include all persons for the time being the trustee or 
trustees under the Trust Deed, as defined below) and the other parties (if any) named therein. 
The Constituting Instrument constitutes and (where applicable) secures the Notes by the creation 
of a trust deed (the “Trust Deed”) on the terms (as amended, modified and/or supplemented by 
the Constituting Instrument) set out in the master trust terms (the “Master Trust Terms”) as 
specified in the Constituting Instrument. The terms and conditions applicable to the Notes the 
subject of the Constituting Instrument (in these terms and conditions, the “Notes”) are these 
terms and conditions (the “Master Conditions”) (i) with respect to Listed Notes as completed by 
the final terms set out in the Constituting Instrument (the “Final Terms”); or (ii) with respect to 
unlisted Notes, as completed and amended, modified and/or supplemented by the pricing 
supplement set out in the Constituting Instrument (the “Pricing Supplement”). In the event of any 
inconsistency between these terms and conditions and the Constituting Instrument, the 
Constituting Instrument shall prevail. References to the “Conditions” shall be construed in 
relation to a Series or a Tranche as a reference to these Master Conditions (i) with respect to 
Listed Notes as completed by the Final Terms set out in the relevant Constituting Instrument for 
such Series or Tranche; or (ii) with respect to unlisted Notes, as completed and amended, 
modified and/or supplemented by the Pricing Supplement set out in the relevant Constituting 
Instrument for such Series or Tranche. References in the Conditions to the “Notes”, a “Series” or 
a “Tranche” shall be deemed to be references to the Notes, the Series or the Tranche that are or 
is the subject of the relevant Constituting Instrument and not to all Notes, Series or Tranches that 
may be issued under the Issuer’s Programme. 
By executing the Constituting Instrument, the Issuer has entered into an agency agreement (the 
“Agency Agreement”) with one or more of the parties defined in the Constituting Instrument as 
the “Issue Agent”, the “Principal Paying Agent”, the “Interest Calculation Agent”, the 
“Determination Agent”, the “Realisation Agent”, the “Registrar”, the “Transfer Agent” (which 
term may include more than one Transfer Agent) and any other “Paying Agents” (such other 
Paying Agents being defined as such together with the Principal Paying Agent), the Trustee and 
each Swap Counterparty (if any) on the terms (as amended, modified and/or supplemented by

--- Page 61 ---
61
the Constituting Instrument) set out in the master agency terms (the “Master Agency Terms”) as 
specified in the Constituting Instrument. 
The Constituting Instrument will state whether the Issuer has entered into (i) a charged 
agreement as referred to in Condition 4(b) (the “Charged Agreement”) with the Swap 
Counterparty with respect to a Series by executing the Constituting Instrument on the terms (as 
amended, modified and/or supplemented by the Constituting Instrument) set out in the master 
charged agreement terms (the “Master Charged Agreement Terms”) as specified in the 
Constituting Instrument; or (ii) a custody agreement in respect of the Notes (the “Custody 
Agreement”) with the “Custodian” (as defined in the Constituting Instrument), the Trustee and 
each Swap Counterparty (if any) on the terms (as amended, modified and/or supplemented by 
the Constituting Instrument) set out in the master custody terms (the “Master Custody Terms”) 
as specified in the Constituting Instrument. In the event the Constituting Instrument does not state 
that there is a Charged Agreement or a Custody Agreement, the Conditions shall be construed as 
if references to any Swap Counterparty, any Charged Agreement, any Custodian and/or any 
Custody Agreement were not applicable. 
The master definitions (the “Master Definitions”) as specified in the Constituting Instrument (as 
amended, modified and/or supplemented by the Constituting Instrument) will apply for the 
purposes of interpretation of the Conditions, except as expressly provided therein or as the 
context otherwise requires. References in the Conditions to the “Placing Agreement” in relation 
to the Notes are to the relevant placing agreement between the Issuer and the Arranger and/or 
Dealers as constituted by the Constituting Instrument on the terms (as amended, modified and/or 
supplemented by the Constituting Instrument) set out in the master placing terms (the “Master 
Placing Terms”) as specified in the Constituting Instrument and references to the “Charged 
Assets Sale Agreement” are to the relevant charged assets sale agreement between the Issuer 
and the seller (the “Seller”, which expression as used herein shall mean all or any of such 
persons, as the case may be) of the Charged Assets (as defined in Condition 4(a)) as constituted 
by the Constituting Instrument on the terms (as amended, modified and/or supplemented by the 
Constituting Instrument) set out in the master charged assets sale terms (the “Master Charged 
Assets Sale Terms”) as specified in the Constituting Instrument. In the event the Constituting 
Instrument does not state that there is a Charged Assets Sale Agreement, the Conditions shall be 
construed as if references to any Charged Assets Sale Agreement were not applicable. In the 
event the Final Terms or Pricing Supplement, as the case may be, states that there are no 
Charged Assets, the Conditions shall be construed as if references to any Charged Assets were 
not applicable. 
Statements in the Conditions are summaries of, and subject to, the detailed provisions appearing 
in the Trust Deed relating to the Notes and, if it is stated in the Final Terms or Pricing Supplement, 
as the case may be, that the Notes are issued with the benefit of one or more additional 
instruments (each an “Additional Charging Instrument”) creating security interests over 
Charged Assets located or registered in an overseas jurisdiction and/or governed by a law other 
than English law, each Additional Charging Instrument. Copies of the Master Trust Terms, the 
Master Conditions, the Master Agency Terms, the Master Charged Agreement Terms, the Master 
Custody Terms, the Master Placing Terms, the Master Charged Assets Sale Terms, the Master 
Definitions, the Constituting Instrument in relation to the Notes and, if applicable, each Additional 
Charging Instrument, so long as the Notes of the relevant Series remain outstanding, (i) are 
available for inspection at the registered office of each of the Issuer and the Trustee and at the 
specified offices of the Paying Agents, the Registrar and the Transfer Agents (in each case, if 
any); or (ii) alternatively at the option of the Trustee, the Paying Agents, the Registrar and/or the 
Transfer Agents, may be provided by email to a Noteholder; or (iii) may be provided by email to a 
Noteholder following prior written request to the Issuer, the Trustee, the Paying Agents, the 
Registrar and/or the Transfer Agents,  (in each case, if any) and such Noteholder must produce

--- Page 62 ---
62
evidence satisfactory to the Issuer, the Trustee or the relevant Agent, as the case may be, as to 
its holding of such Notes and identity. 
In respect of the Notes, references in the Conditions to the “Issue Agent”, the “Principal Paying 
Agent” or the “Registrar” shall include, respectively, any successor Issue Agent, Principal Paying 
Agent or Registrar and references in the Conditions to the “Paying Agents”, the “Transfer 
Agents”, the “Determination Agent”, the “Realisation Agent” or the “Custodian” shall include, 
respectively, any successor or additional Paying Agents, Transfer Agents, Determination Agent, 
Realisation Agent or Custodian, in each case appointed in accordance with the Agency 
Agreement or, as the case may be, the Custody Agreement. In respect of the Notes, references 
in the Conditions to “Agents” are to the Issue Agent, the Principal Paying Agent, the other Paying 
Agents, the Registrar, the Transfer Agents, the Interest Calculation Agent, the Custodian, the 
Determination Agent, the Realisation Agent and each other agent appointed in accordance with 
the Agency Agreement or, as the case may be, the Custody Agreement, as applicable. The 
holders of the Notes and the holders of the interest coupons (the “Coupons”) (if any) 
appertaining to interest bearing Notes in bearer form (the “Couponholders”, which expression 
includes the Talonholders and the Receiptholders referred to below), the holders of talons (the 
“Talons”) (if any) for further coupons attached to such Notes (the “Talonholders”) and the 
holders of instalment receipts (the “Receipts”) appertaining to the payment of principal by 
instalments (the “Receiptholders”) are entitled to the benefit of, are bound by, and are deemed 
to have notice of, all the provisions of the Trust Deed relating to the Notes and, if applicable, any 
Additional Charging Instrument and to have notice of those provisions of the Custody Agreement, 
the Agency Agreement and the Charged Agreement applicable to them. References herein to the 
“Arranger” and the “Dealers” are to the person or person(s) specified as such in the relevant 
Constituting Instrument acting in its or their capacity as such and references to the “Programme 
Prospectus” are references to this Programme Prospectus in respect of the Issuer’s Programme, 
as amended, supplemented, restated and replaced from time to time. 
References in the Conditions to (i) “principal” shall be deemed to include any premium payable 
in respect of the Notes, all Instalment Amounts, Redemption Amounts, Amortised Face Amounts 
and all other amounts in the nature of principal payable pursuant to Condition 7 or any 
amendment or supplement to it; and (ii) “interest” shall be deemed to include all Interest 
Amounts (as defined in Condition 6(l)) and all other amounts in the nature of interest payable 
pursuant to Condition 6 or any amendment or supplement to it. 
1. 
Form, Denomination and Title
(a) 
Bearer Notes
(1) 
If it is specified in the Final Terms or Pricing Supplement, as the case may be, that 
Notes are in bearer form (“Bearer Notes”), the Bearer Notes if issued in definitive 
form shall be serially numbered in an Authorised Denomination (as defined in 
Condition 1(c)), and shall be D Notes (as defined below) unless specified in the 
Final Terms or Pricing Supplement, as the case may be, that the Notes are C 
Notes (as defined below). The principal amount of each Note will be specified on 
its face. 
No Bearer Note may be offered, sold or delivered within the United States or to or 
for the account of a U.S. Person (as defined in the Code), except in certain 
transactions permitted by U.S. tax regulations.  
Each Series of Bearer Notes or a Tranche thereof issued pursuant to Section 
1.163-5(c)(2)(i)(D) of the Treasury Regulations under the Code (“D Notes”) will

--- Page 63 ---
63
initially be represented by one or more notes in temporary global form (a 
“Temporary Global Note”) without Receipts, Coupons or Talons, and each Series 
of Bearer Notes or a Tranche thereof issued pursuant to Section 1.163-5(c)(2)(i)(C) 
of the Treasury Regulations under the Code (“C Notes”) will be represented by 
one or more notes in permanent global form (a “Permanent Global Note”) without 
Receipts, Coupons or Talons or by definitive Bearer Notes. Each Temporary 
Global Note or, as the case may be, Permanent Global Note (each a “Global 
Note”), will (i) if the Global Notes are intended to be issued in new global note 
(“New Global Note”) form, as stated in the applicable Final Terms or Pricing 
Supplement, as the case may be, be delivered on or prior to the original issue date 
of the Tranche to a common safekeeper (the “Common Safekeeper”) for 
Euroclear Bank S.A./N.V., 1 Boulevard du Roi Albert II, 1210 Brussels (Belgium) 
as operator of the Euroclear system (“Euroclear”) and Clearstream Banking S.A., 
42 Avenue J F Kennedy, L-1855 Luxembourg (“Clearstream, Luxembourg”); and 
(ii) if the Global Notes are not intended to be issued in New Global Note form, as 
stated in the applicable Final Terms or Pricing Supplement, as the case may be, 
be delivered to a common depositary (the “Common Depositary”) for Euroclear 
and Clearstream, Luxembourg. Except in relation to Notes in New Global Note 
form, any reference herein to Euroclear or Clearstream, Luxembourg shall, 
wherever the context permits, be deemed to include a reference to any additional 
or alternative clearing system as specified in the applicable Final Terms or Pricing 
Supplement, as the case may be, in which beneficial interests in the Notes are for 
the time being recorded (an “Alternative Clearing System”) and shall include any 
successor in business to Euroclear or Clearstream, Luxembourg or any such 
Alternative Clearing System. Notwithstanding the foregoing, Bearer Notes shall not 
be eligible for deposit with The Depository Trust Company, 55 Water Street, 1SL, 
New York, NY 10041-0099 (“DTC”). Euroclear, Clearstream, Luxembourg, DTC 
and any Alternative Clearing System are each sometimes referred to herein as a 
“Clearing System” and collectively as “Clearing Systems”. Any reference in this 
Condition 1(a) to a Permanent Global Note shall be deemed to be a reference to a 
Permanent Global Note representing either D Notes or C Notes, as the context 
requires, and any reference herein to a Note shall be deemed to be a reference to 
a D Note or a C Note, as the context requires. 
If a date for the payment of interest on any Bearer Note occurs while such Bearer 
Note is represented by a Temporary Global Note, the related interest payment will 
be made against presentation of the Temporary Global Note, if the Temporary 
Global Note is not intended to be issued in New Global Note form, only to the 
extent that certification of non-U.S. beneficial ownership (in the form set out in the 
Temporary Global Note) has been received by Euroclear or Clearstream, 
Luxembourg. Interests in a Temporary Global Note will be exchangeable for 
interests in a Permanent Global Note or for definitive Bearer Notes, with, where 
applicable, Receipts, Coupons and Talons attached in the circumstances and 
subject to the conditions specified in the Final Terms or Pricing Supplement, as the 
case may be, not earlier than the first day (the “Exchange Date”) following the 40-
day period commencing on the original issue date of the Notes (the “40-Day 
Restricted Period”), provided that certification of non-U.S. beneficial ownership 
has been received. Save for payments of interest as described above, no 
payments will be made on a Temporary Global Note unless, upon due presentation 
of a Temporary Global Note for exchange (together with certification of non-U.S. 
beneficial ownership), delivery of a Permanent Global Note (or, as the case may 
be, an interest therein) or definitive Bearer Notes is improperly withheld or refused 
and such withholding or refusal is continuing at the relevant due date for payment.

--- Page 64 ---
64
Payments of principal or interest (if any) in respect of a Permanent Global Note will 
be made through Euroclear or Clearstream, Luxembourg or the relevant 
Alternative Clearing System against presentation or surrender, as the case may be, 
of the Permanent Global Note if the Permanent Global Note is not intended to be 
issued in New Global Note form. A Permanent Global Note will, if so provided in 
the relevant Final Terms or Pricing Supplement, as the case may be, be 
exchangeable, in whole but not in part, for definitive Bearer Notes with, where 
applicable, Receipts, Coupons and Talons attached (i) on request from the holder 
thereof (or all of the holders acting together, if more than one) upon not less than 
60 days’ prior written notice to the Issuer and the Issue Agent given (in the case of 
D Notes) not earlier than the relevant Exchange Date; (ii) if the Issuer would suffer 
a material disadvantage as a result of a change in laws or regulations (taxation or 
otherwise) or as a result of a change in the practice of Euroclear, Clearstream, 
Luxembourg or any Alternative Clearing System which would not be suffered were 
the Bearer Notes in definitive form and a certificate to such effect is given to the 
Trustee; or (iii) at the option of the holder (or of all the holders acting together, if 
more than one) if the Notes become due and payable as the result of an Event of 
Default in accordance with Condition 9 and payment is not made on due 
presentation of the Permanent Global Note for payment or if either Euroclear or 
Clearstream, Luxembourg or any Alternative Clearing System in which the 
Permanent Global Note is for the time being deposited is closed for business for a 
continuous period of 14 days (otherwise than by reason of holiday, statutory or 
otherwise) or announces an intention permanently to cease business or to cease 
to make its book-entry system available for settlement of beneficial interests in 
such Permanent Global Note or does in fact do either of such things and no 
Alternative Clearing System satisfactory to the Trustee and the Principal Paying 
Agent is available, all as set out in the Final Terms or Pricing Supplement, as the 
case may be. 
Where a Permanent Global Note is, if so provided in the relevant Final Terms or 
Pricing Supplement, as the case may be, be exchangeable, in whole but not in part, 
for definitive Bearer Notes with, where applicable, Receipts, Coupons and Talons 
attached in the event that: 
(a) 
such Permanent Global Note is exchangeable in the circumstances 
described in (i) above, the Notes of such Series may only be issued in 
Authorised Denominations equal to, or greater than, EUR 100,000 (or its 
equivalent in another currency); and 
(b) 
such Permanent Global Note is exchangeable in the circumstances 
described in (ii) and (iii) above, the Notes of such Series may be issued in 
Authorised Denominations which represent the aggregate of (a) a minimum 
denomination of  EUR 100,000 or some larger amount (or its equivalent in 
another currency), plus (b) integral multiples of EUR 1,000 or some other 
amount (or its equivalent in another currency). 
No definitive Bearer Note delivered in exchange for a portion of a Permanent 
Global Note shall be sent by post or otherwise delivered to any location in the 
United States or its possessions in connection with such exchange. 
(2) 
Title to the Bearer Notes, the Receipts (if any) the Coupons (if any) and the Talons 
(if any) passes by delivery. In these Conditions, subject as provided below, 
“Noteholder” and (in relation to a Note, Receipt, Coupon or Talon) “holder” means

--- Page 65 ---
65
the bearer of any Bearer Note, Receipt, Coupon or Talon (as the case may be). 
The holder of any Note, Receipt, Coupon or Talon will (except as otherwise 
required by law) be treated as its absolute owner for all purposes (whether or not it 
is overdue and regardless of any notice of ownership, trust or any interest in it, any 
writing on it, or its theft or loss) and no person will be liable for so treating the 
holder.  
For so long as the Notes are represented by the Global Notes and the Global 
Notes are held on behalf of Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg or on behalf 
of an Alternative Clearing System, beneficial interests in Notes will only be 
transferable in accordance with the rules and procedures for the time being of 
Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg or such Alternative Clearing System, as 
appropriate, and each person who is for the time being shown in the records of 
Euroclear or Clearstream, Luxembourg (other than each such clearing system to 
the extent that it is an account holder with the other clearing system for the 
purpose of operating the “bridge” between the clearing systems) or an Alternative 
Clearing System as the holder of a particular principal amount of the Notes (in 
which regard any certificate or other document issued by Euroclear or Clearstream, 
Luxembourg or such Alternative Clearing System as to the principal amount of the 
Notes standing to the account of any person shall be conclusive and binding for all 
purposes) shall be treated by the Issuer, the Trustee and the Agents as the holder 
of such principal amount of the Notes (and the expression “Noteholders” and 
references to “holding of Notes” and to “holder of the Notes” shall be construed 
accordingly) for all purposes other than the entitlement to receive payments of 
principal, interest or any amounts due on redemption in respect of the Global 
Notes and provided that such principal amount is an integral multiple of an 
Authorised Denomination. 
The following legend will appear on all D Notes, Permanent Global Notes 
representing D Notes and any Receipts, Coupons or Talons in respect thereof: 
“ANY UNITED STATES PERSON WHO HOLDS THIS OBLIGATION WILL BE 
SUBJECT TO LIMITATIONS UNDER THE UNITED STATES INCOME TAX LAWS, 
INCLUDING THE LIMITATIONS PROVIDED IN SECTIONS 165(j) AND 1287(a) 
OF THE U.S. INTERNAL REVENUE CODE OF 1986, AS AMENDED.” 
The sections of the Code referred to in the foregoing legend provide that, with 
certain exceptions, a United States taxpayer will not be entitled to deduct any loss, 
and will not be entitled to capital gains treatment in respect of any gain realised, on 
any sale, disposition or payment of a Note, Receipt, Coupon or Talon for U.S. 
federal income tax purposes. 
Unless otherwise specified in the Constituting Instrument, each purchaser or 
holder of Bearer Notes will be deemed to represent that it is not, and for so long as 
it holds any Notes will not be, an employee benefit plan subject to the fiduciary 
responsibility provisions of ERISA, a plan subject to Section 4975 of the Code, a 
person or entity whose assets include the assets of any such employee benefit 
plan or plan by reason of 29 C.F.R. Section 2510.3-101 or otherwise, or any other 
employee benefit plan without regard to the federal, state, local or foreign law 
pursuant to which the plan is organised or administered, and such purchaser or 
holder is not using the assets of any such plan to acquire the Notes.
(b) 
Registered Notes

--- Page 66 ---
66
(1) 
General  
If it is specified in the Final Terms or Pricing Supplement, as the case may be, that 
Notes are in registered form or if as a result of an exchange of Bearer Notes 
pursuant to Condition 2(a) Notes are in registered form (in both cases, 
“Registered Notes”), such Registered Notes shall be in an Authorised 
Denomination or an integral multiple thereof as specified in the Final Terms or 
Pricing Supplement, as the case may be. The principal amount of each Note will 
be specified on the face of the definitive registered certificate (“Registered 
Certificate”) or the global registered certificate (“Global Registered Certificate”) 
as applicable representing the Registered Notes. Subject to the procedures 
discussed below, title to the Registered Notes passes by registration in the register 
which the Issuer shall procure to be kept by the Registrar (the “Register”). In these 
conditions, subject as provided below, “Noteholder” and “holder” means the 
registered holder of any Registered Notes. 
(2) 
Non-U.S. Series/Non-U.S. Tranche  
If the Registered Notes comprise a Series (a “non-U.S. Series”) or a Tranche (a 
“non-U.S. Tranche”) for which the Final Terms or Pricing Supplement, as the case 
may be, specifies that the Notes may not be offered or sold in the United States or 
to, or for the account or benefit of, U.S. Persons (as defined in Regulation S under 
the United States Securities Act of 1933, as amended (the “Securities Act”)), U.S. 
persons (as defined in the final risk retention rules promulgated under Section 15G 
of the U.S. Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the “Exchange Act”)) 
or to persons who are not Non-United States Persons (as defined in CFTC Rule 
4.7 of the United States Commodity Futures Trading Commission), such 
Registered Notes will be initially represented by a Registered Certificate or a 
Global Registered Certificate. 
Payments of principal or interest (if any) in respect of a Global Registered 
Certificate will be made through Euroclear or Clearstream, Luxembourg or the 
relevant Alternative Clearing System or, if so specified in the Final Terms or Pricing 
Supplement, as the case may be, through the person named in such Final Terms 
or Pricing Supplement, as the case may be, against, in the case of payments of 
principal only, presentation or surrender, as the case may be, of the Global 
Registered Certificate. A Global Registered Certificate will, if so provided in the 
relevant Final Terms or Pricing Supplement, as the case may be, be exchangeable, 
in whole but not in part, for Registered Certificates (i) on request from the holder 
thereof (or of all the holders acting together, if more than one) upon not less than 
60 days’ prior written notice to the Issuer and the Trustee; (ii) if the Issuer would 
suffer a material disadvantage as a result of a change in laws or regulations 
(taxation or otherwise) or as a result of a change in the practice of Euroclear, 
Clearstream, Luxembourg or any Alternative Clearing System which would not be 
suffered were the Registered Notes in definitive form and a certificate to such 
effect is given to the Trustee; or (iii) at the option of the holder (or all of the holders 
acting together, if more than one) if the Notes become due and payable as the 
result of an Event of Default in accordance with Condition 9 and payment is not 
made on due presentation of the Global Registered Certificate for payment or if 
either Euroclear or Clearstream, Luxembourg or any Alternative Clearing System 
in which the Global Registered Certificate is for the time being deposited is closed 
for business for a continuous period of 14 days (otherwise than by reason of 
holiday, statutory or otherwise) or announces an intention permanently to cease

--- Page 67 ---
67
business or to cease to make its book-entry system available for settlement of 
beneficial interests in such Global Registered Certificate or does in fact do either of 
such things and no Alternative Clearing System satisfactory to the Trustee and the 
Registrar is available, all as set out in the Final Terms or Pricing Supplement, as 
the case may be. 
For so long as the Notes are represented by a Global Registered Certificate and 
the Global Registered Certificate is held (i) if it is issued under the new 
safekeeping structure (the “New Safekeeping Structure”), as stated in the Final 
Terms or Pricing Supplement, as the case may be, on behalf of a Common 
Safekeeper for Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg; or (ii) if it is not issued 
under the New Safekeeping Structure, as stated in the Final Terms or Pricing 
Supplement, as the case may be, on behalf of a Common Depositary for Euroclear 
and Clearstream, Luxembourg or an Alternative Clearing System, beneficial 
interests in Notes will only be transferable in accordance with the rules and 
procedures for the time being of Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg or such 
Alternative Clearing System, as appropriate, and each person who is for the time 
being shown in the records of Euroclear or Clearstream, Luxembourg (other than 
each such clearing system to the extent that it is an account holder with the other 
clearing system for the purpose of operating the “bridge” between the clearing 
systems) or an Alternative Clearing System as the holder of a particular principal 
amount of the Notes (in which regard any certificate or other document issued by 
Euroclear or Clearstream, Luxembourg or such Alternative Clearing System as to 
the principal amount of the Notes standing to the account of any person shall be 
conclusive and binding for all purposes) shall be treated by the Issuer, the Trustee 
and the Agents as the holder of such principal amount of the Notes (and the 
expression “Noteholders” and references to “holding of Notes” and to “holder of 
the Notes” shall be construed accordingly) for all purposes other than the 
entitlement to receive payments of principal, interest or any amounts due on 
redemption in respect of the Global Registered Certificate. 
Each initial purchaser and subsequent transferee of Registered Notes of a Non-
U.S. Series or a Non-U.S. Tranche, unless otherwise specified in the related 
Constituting Instrument, will be deemed to have represented, warranted, 
undertaken, acknowledged and agreed with the Issuer, the Arranger and the 
Dealers: 
(i) 
that the Notes have not been and will not be registered under the Securities 
Act or any state securities laws and the Issuer has not been and will not be 
registered as an investment company under the U.S. Investment Company 
Act of 1940, as amended (the “1940 Act”). Accordingly, the Notes may not 
be offered, sold or otherwise transferred except in a transaction that is 
exempt from the registration requirements of the Securities Act and state 
securities laws and that does not require the Issuer to register under the 
1940 Act; and 
(ii) 
that it is not, and for so long as it holds any Notes will not be, an employee 
benefit plan subject to the fiduciary responsibility provisions of ERISA, a plan 
subject to Section 4975 of the Code, a person or entity whose assets include 
the assets of any such employee benefit plan or plan by reason of 29 C.F.R. 
Section 2510.3-101 or otherwise, or any other employee benefit plan without 
regard to the federal, state, local or foreign law pursuant to which the plan is

--- Page 68 ---
68
organised or administered, and such purchaser or holder is not using the 
assets of any such plan to acquire the Notes. 
Subject to the restrictions (if any) referred to in the Constituting Instrument, 
Registered Notes of a non-U.S. Series or a non-U.S. Tranche which are 
represented by a Registered Certificate may be transferred in whole or in part in an 
Authorised Denomination or an integral multiple thereof upon the surrender of the 
Registered Certificate representing such Registered Notes, together with the form 
of transfer endorsed on it duly completed and executed, at the specified office of 
the Registrar or any Transfer Agent. In the case of a transfer of part only of a 
Registered Certificate, new Registered Certificates in the relevant amounts will be 
issued to the transferor and the transferee. 
Each new Registered Certificate to be issued upon transfer of Registered Notes of 
a non-U.S. Series or a non-U.S. Tranche will (subject as referred to in the 
Constituting Instrument), within three business days (in the place of the specified 
office of the Registrar or Transfer Agent to whom the form of transfer shall have 
been delivered) of receipt of such form of transfer, be available for delivery at the 
specified office of the Transfer Agent or of the Registrar (as the case may be) 
stipulated in the form of transfer, or be mailed at the risk of the holder entitled to 
the Registered Certificate to such address as may be specified in such form of 
transfer. 
Exchange of Registered Certificates on transfer will (subject as provided in the 
Constituting Instrument) be effected without charge by or on behalf of the Issuer, 
the Registrar or the Transfer Agents, but upon payment (or the giving of such 
indemnity as the Registrar or the relevant Transfer Agent may require in respect 
thereof) of any tax or other governmental charges which may be imposed in 
relation to it. 
No Noteholder may require the transfer of a Registered Note to be registered 
during the period of 15 days ending on the due date for any payment of principal, 
interest or any amounts due upon redemption of such Note. 
If Registered Notes are represented by a Global Registered Certificate, such 
Global Registered Certificate will be registered (i) if it is intended to be issued 
under the New Safekeeping Structure, as stated in the Final Terms or Pricing 
Supplement, as the case may be, in the name of a nominee for a Common 
Safekeeper for Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg; (ii) if it is not intended to 
be issued under the New Safekeeping Structure, as stated in the Final Terms or 
Pricing Supplement, as the case may be, in the name of a nominee for a Common 
Depositary for Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg or an Alternative Clearing 
System; or (iii) in the name of such other person as the Final Terms or Pricing 
Supplement, as the case may be, shall provide. 
(3) 
U.S. Series/U.S. Tranche  
If the Registered Notes comprise a Series (a “U.S. Series”) or a Tranche (a “U.S. 
Tranche”) for which the Final Terms or Pricing Supplement, as the case may be, 
specifies that the Notes may be offered or sold in the United States or to, or for the 
account or benefit of, U.S. Persons (as defined in Regulation S under the 
Securities Act), such Registered Notes may only be represented by Registered 
Certificates provided that if the Final Terms or Pricing Supplement, as the case

--- Page 69 ---
69
may be, specifies that the alternative procedures described below (the 
“Alternative Procedures”) apply, then such Registered Notes will be initially 
represented by a Global Registered Certificate deposited with a nominee of DTC. If 
the Alternative Procedures do not apply then, unless otherwise specified in the 
applicable Constituting Instrument, Registered Notes of a U.S. Series or a U.S. 
Tranche will not be eligible for deposit or clearance with Euroclear, Clearstream, 
Luxembourg, DTC or any Alternative Clearing System. Notes of a U.S. Series or 
U.S. Tranche, whether in the form of Registered Certificates or a Global 
Registered Certificate, shall be issued in the minimum denominations specified in 
the Final Terms or Pricing Supplement, as the case may be. 
Any Registered Notes of a U.S. Series or U.S. Tranche will be offered and sold 
only (i) outside the United States, to persons that are not U.S. Persons pursuant to 
Regulation S or (ii) to or for the account or benefit of U.S. Persons that are (A) (i) 
qualified institutional buyers (“QIBs”) as defined in Rule 144A (“Rule 144A”) under 
the Securities Act; or (ii) “accredited investors” (“AIs”) within the meaning of Rule 
501(a)(1), (2), (3), (7) (“Rule 501”) under Regulation D under the Securities Act 
who are acquiring the Notes for investment purposes and not with a view to the 
distribution thereof, and (B) (i) in the case of U.S. Persons, Qualified Purchasers 
as defined in Section 2(a)(51) of the 1940 Act and the rules and regulations 
thereunder that are beneficial owners of such Notes for purposes of Section 3(c)(7) 
of the 1940 Act and the rules and regulations thereunder (“QPs”). The relevant 
Final Terms or Pricing Supplement, as the case may be, will state whether the 
exemption provided by Section 3(c)(7) of the 1940 Act will apply to the Registered 
Notes of a U.S. Series or a U.S. Tranche. 
Any Registered Notes of a U.S. Series or U.S. Tranche will bear a legend (the 
“Legend”) substantially to the same effect as the contents of the Investment 
Agreement referred to below, and transfers of such Registered Notes may only 
take place in accordance with the provisions of the Legend. 
Investment Agreement applicable to Registered Notes of a U.S. Series/U.S. 
Tranche 
As a condition to purchasing the Registered Notes of a U.S. Series or U.S. 
Tranche, each initial purchaser or holder of the Notes represented by such 
Registered Notes will sign and deliver to the Arranger an investment agreement or 
similar document (an “Investment Agreement”), and the Arranger will undertake 
to provide a copy of such signed Investment Agreement to the Issuer. Unless the 
Constituting Instrument specifies otherwise, by virtue of having signed an 
Investment Agreement, each initial purchaser or holder of the Registered Notes of 
a U.S. Series or U.S. Tranche shall have made certain representations, warranties, 
acknowledgements and agreements to and/or with the Arranger, the Dealers and 
the Issuer, including, but not limited to, the following: 
(i) that it is acquiring the Notes for its own account or for accounts as to which it 
exercises sole investment discretion (“Clients”) and it and any Client either (A) 
are not “U.S. Persons” as defined in Regulation S under the Securities Act, or 
(B) make the following statements, representations and acknowledgements in 
connection with its purchase and holding of the Notes: 
(aa) it understands that the Notes have not been and will not be registered 
under the Securities Act or any state securities laws and the Issuer has

--- Page 70 ---
70
not been and will not be registered as an investment company under the 
1940 Act. Accordingly, the Notes may not be offered, sold or otherwise 
transferred except in a transaction that is exempt from the registration 
requirements of the Securities Act and state securities laws and does not 
require the Issuer to register under the 1940 Act; 
(bb) it understands that the Notes will bear the Legend, and that its 
investment is subject to the restrictions contained in the Legend; 
(cc) it represents that it and any Client are “qualified institutional buyers” as 
defined in Rule 144A under the Securities Act or “accredited investors” 
within the meaning of Rule 501(a)(1), (2), (3) or (7) under Regulation D 
under the Securities Act who are acquiring the Notes for investment 
purposes and not with a view to the distribution thereof;  
(dd) it represents that it and any Client are “Qualified Purchasers” as defined 
in Section 2(a)(51) of the 1940 Act and the rules and regulations 
thereunder and will be beneficial owners of the Notes for purposes of 
Section 3(c)(7) of the 1940 Act and the rules and regulations thereunder, 
if Section 3(c)(7) of the 1940 Act is deemed to be applicable to the Notes 
in accordance with the relevant Constituting Instrument; and 
(ee)  it represents that it is a sophisticated investor with the knowledge, 
sophistication and experience in business and financial matters to allow 
it to evaluate the merits and risks of an investment in the Notes and that 
it is capable of bearing the economic risk of such investment; and  
(ii) 
that it is not, and for so long as it holds any Notes will not be, an employee 
benefit plan subject to the fiduciary responsibility provisions of ERISA, a plan 
subject to Section 4975 of the Code, a person or entity whose assets include 
the assets of any such employee benefit plan or plan by reason of 29 C.F.R. 
Section 2510.3-101 or otherwise, or any other employee benefit plan without 
regard to the federal, state, local or foreign law pursuant to which the plan is 
organised or administered, and it is not using the assets of any such plan to 
acquire the Notes. 
Transfer Letter applicable to Registered Notes of a U.S. Series/U.S. Tranche 
Each subsequent purchaser or transferee of Registered Notes of a U.S. Series or 
U.S. Tranches (whether such purchase or transfer is from the Issuer, the Arranger 
or a Dealer or from subsequent purchasers or transferees) will be required (unless 
otherwise specified in the Constituting Instrument), as a condition to its entitlement 
to be entered on the Register maintained by the Registrar with respect to the Notes 
represented by such Registered Certificates, to execute and deliver a transfer 
letter (a “Transfer Letter”) substantially in the form set out in the form of 
Registered Certificate comprised in the Trust Deed or in such other form as may 
be specified in the Constituting Instrument. 
Unless otherwise specified in the Constituting Instrument, each subsequent 
purchaser or transferee of Registered Notes of a U.S. Series or U.S. Tranche shall 
have, by virtue of having signed a Transfer Letter, represented, warranted, 
acknowledged and agreed with the Arranger, each Dealer and the Issuer that:

--- Page 71 ---
71
(i) 
the Notes have not been and will not be registered under the Securities Act 
or any state securities laws and the Issuer has not been and will not be 
registered as an investment company under the 1940 Act. Accordingly, the 
Notes may not be offered, sold or otherwise transferred except in a 
transaction that is exempt from the registration requirements of the 
Securities Act and state securities laws and does not require the Issuer to 
register under the 1940 Act; 
(ii) 
it is (A) not a U.S. Person as defined in Regulation S under the Securities 
Act or (B) both (1) a “qualified institutional buyer” as defined in Rule 144A 
under the Securities Act or an “accredited investor” within the meaning of 
Rule 501(a)(1), (2), (3) or (7) under Regulation D under the Securities Act, 
(2) a “Qualified Purchaser” as defined in Section 2(a)(51) of the 1940 Act 
and the rules and regulations thereunder that is the beneficial owner of 
such Notes for purposes of Section 3(c)(7) of the 1940 Act and the rules 
and regulations thereunder, if such section is deemed to be applicable to 
the Notes in accordance with the relevant Constituting Instrument; and 
(iii) 
it is not, and for so long as it holds any Notes will not be, an employee 
benefit plan subject to the fiduciary responsibility provisions of ERISA, a 
plan subject to Section 4975 of the Code, a person or entity whose assets 
include the assets of any such employee benefit plan or plan by reason of 
29 C.F.R. Section 2510.3-101 or otherwise, or any other employee benefit 
plan without regard to the federal, state, local or foreign law pursuant to 
which the plan is organised or administered, and such purchaser or holder 
is not using the assets of any such plan to acquire the Notes. 
Transfers of Registered Notes of a U.S. Series/U.S. Tranche 
If the Final Terms or Pricing Supplement, as the case may be, states that the 
exception under Section 3(c)(7) of the 1940 Act applies to a U.S. Series or U.S. 
Tranche, the Issuer has agreed to limit to QPs those U.S. Persons which are at 
any time the beneficial owners of Notes of such U.S. Series or U.S. Tranche. In 
such case the Issuer may put in place procedures (which may include certification 
requirements) to ensure that transfers will not result in the Notes being held by any 
U.S. Person who is not a QP. 
Subject as provided in the relevant Constituting Instrument, requests for the 
transfer of the whole or part of a Registered Certificate in an Authorised 
Denomination or an integral multiple thereof may be made by the surrender of the 
Registered Certificate, together with the form of transfer endorsed on such 
Registered Certificate duly completed and executed, at the specified office of the 
Registrar or any Transfer Agent. In the case of a transfer of part only of a 
Registered Certificate, a new Registered Certificate in respect of the balance not 
transferred will be issued to the transferor. 
Each new Registered Certificate to be issued upon transfer of Registered Notes of 
a U.S. Series or U.S. Tranche will (subject as referred to in the relevant Transfer 
Letter and/or the Constituting Instrument) within three business days (in the place 
of the specified office of the Registrar or Transfer Agent to whom the form of 
transfer shall have been delivered) of receipt of such form of transfer, be available 
for delivery at the specified office of the Transfer Agent or of the Registrar (as the 
case may be) stipulated in the form of transfer, or be mailed at the risk of the

--- Page 72 ---
72
holder entitled to the Registered Certificate to such address as may be specified in 
such form of transfer. 
Exchange of Registered Certificates on transfer will (subject as provided in the 
relevant Constituting Instrument) be effected without charge by or on behalf of the 
Issuer, the Registrar or the Transfer Agents, but upon payment (or the giving of 
such indemnity as the Registrar or the relevant Transfer Agent may require in 
respect thereof) of any tax or other governmental charges which may be imposed 
in relation to it. 
No Noteholder may require the transfer of a Registered Certificate to be registered 
during the period of 15 days ending on the due date for any payment of principal, 
interest or any amounts due upon redemption of such Note. 
Payments of principal or interest (if any) at the request of the holder (or all holders, 
if more than one) shall be made through the relevant Clearing System or, if so 
specified in the Final Terms or Pricing Supplement, as the case may be, through 
the person named in such Final Terms or Pricing Supplement, as the case may be, 
against, in the case of payments of principal only, presentation or surrender, as the 
case may be, of the Global Registered Certificate. A Global Registered Certificate 
will be exchangeable, in whole but not in part, for Registered Certificates if the 
Issuer would suffer a material disadvantage as a result of a change in laws or 
regulations (taxation or otherwise) or as a result of a change in the practice of the 
relevant Clearing System which would not be suffered were the Notes in definitive 
registered form (and a certificate to such effect is given to the Trustee) or 
otherwise only at the request of the holder (or all holders, if more than one) (i) if the 
relevant Clearing System is closed for business for a continuous period of 14 days 
(otherwise than by reason of holiday, statutory or otherwise) or announces an 
intention permanently to cease business or to cease to make its book-entry system 
available for settlement of beneficial interests in such Global Registered Certificate 
or does in fact do either of such things and no Alternative Clearing System 
satisfactory to the Trustee, the Principal Paying Agent and the Registrar is 
available; or (ii) an Event of Default under Condition 9 occurs and is continuing and 
payment is not made on due presentation of the Global Registered Certificate for 
payment all as set out in the Final Terms or Pricing Supplement, as the case may 
be. In such case, Registered Certificates issued in exchange for the Global 
Registered Certificate shall bear such legend, and holders of the Registered 
Certificates issued on exchange shall be required to comply with such transfer and 
resale restrictions, as may be required to permit compliance with the Securities Act 
and the 1940 Act with respect to such Registered Certificates. 
For so long as the Notes are represented by a Global Registered Certificate and 
the Global Registered Certificate is held on behalf of Euroclear and Clearstream, 
Luxembourg or an Alternative Clearing System, beneficial interests in Notes will 
only be transferable in accordance with the rules and procedures for the time being 
of Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg or such Alternative Clearing System, 
as appropriate, and each person who is for the time being shown in the records of 
Euroclear or Clearstream, Luxembourg (other than each such clearing system to 
the extent that it is an account holder with the other clearing system for the 
purpose of operating the “bridge” between the clearing systems) or an Alternative 
Clearing System as the holder of a particular principal amount of the Notes (in 
which regard any certificate or other document issued by Euroclear or Clearstream, 
Luxembourg or such Alternative Clearing System as to the principal amount of the

--- Page 73 ---
73
Notes standing to the account of any person shall be conclusive and binding for all 
purposes) shall be treated by the Issuer, the Trustee and the Agents as the holder 
of such principal amount of the Notes (and the expression “Noteholders” and 
references to “holding of Notes” and to “holder of the Notes” shall be construed 
accordingly) for all purposes other than the entitlement to receive payments of 
principal, interest or any amounts due on redemption in respect of the Global 
Registered Certificate. 
In the case of Registered Notes placed under Rule 144A, so long as any of such 
Notes are “restricted securities” within the meaning of Rule 144(a)(3) under the 
Securities Act, the Issuer will, unless it becomes subject to and complies with 
Section 13 or 15(d) of the Exchange Act or becomes exempt from such reporting 
requirements pursuant to, and complies with, Rule 12g3-2(b) under the Exchange 
Act, provide to each holder of such restricted securities and to each prospective 
purchaser (as designated by such holder) of such restricted securities, upon the 
request of such holder or prospective purchaser, any information required to be 
provided by Rule 144A(d)(4) under the Securities Act. 
Any purchaser of Notes that is a registered U.S. investment company should 
consult its own counsel regarding the applicability of Section 12(d) and Section 17 
of the 1940 Act and the rules promulgated thereunder to its purchase of the Notes 
and should reach an independent legal conclusion with respect to the issues 
involved in such purchase. 
Alternative procedures 
If the relevant Final Terms or Pricing Supplement, as the case may be, specifies 
that the Alternative Procedures apply, such Registered Notes of a U.S. Series or 
U.S. Tranche will be initially represented by a Global Registered Certificate 
deposited with Cede & Co, as nominee of DTC, and will be eligible for deposit and 
clearance through DTC only. Unless otherwise specified in the applicable Final 
Terms or Pricing Supplement, as the case may be, such Notes may be offered or 
sold only to persons that are not U.S. Persons outside the United States or to 
persons reasonably believed by the Issuer and the Arranger to be QIBs under Rule 
144A that are also QPs under the 1940 Act. Each initial purchaser and subsequent 
transferee of such Notes will be deemed to have made the acknowledgements, 
representations and agreements with the Issuer and Arranger set forth under the 
heading “Subscription and Sale – United States – U.S. Transfer Restrictions in the 
Event that the Alternative Procedures Apply” in the Programme Prospectus. 
In the event that a holder of a beneficial interest in a Global Registered Certificate 
is a U.S. Person and is determined not to be a Qualifying QIB/QP (as defined 
under the heading “Subscription and Sale – United States – U.S. Transfer 
Restrictions in the Event that the Alternative Procedures Apply” in the Programme 
Prospectus), the Issuer shall have the right (the “Sale/Redemption Right”) to (i) 
force the holder to sell such beneficial interest to a person that is not a U.S. Person 
in an offshore transaction meeting the requirements of Rule 903 or 904 of 
Regulation S under the Securities Act or to a U.S. Person that is a Qualifying 
QIB/QP; or (ii) redeem the Notes held by the holder for a redemption price per 
Note equal to the Early Redemption Amount (as defined in Condition 7(f)(2)). In 
addition, the Issuer shall have the right to refuse to register or otherwise honour a 
transfer of beneficial interests in a Global Registered Certificate to a proposed 
transferee that is a U.S. Person who is not a Qualifying QIB/QP.

--- Page 74 ---
74
Unless otherwise specified in the Constituting Instrument, each purchaser or 
holder of Notes to which the Alternative Procedures apply will be deemed to 
represent that it is not, and for so long as it holds any Notes will not be, an 
employee benefit plan subject to the fiduciary responsibility provisions of ERISA, a 
plan subject to Section 4975 of the Code, a person or entity whose assets include 
the assets of any such employee benefit plan or plan by reason of 29 C.F.R. 
Section 2510.3-101 or otherwise, or any other employee benefit plan without 
regard to the federal, state, local or foreign law pursuant to which the plan is 
organised or administered, and such purchaser or holder is not using the assets of 
any such plan to acquire the Notes. 
Any Global Registered Certificate to which the Alternative Procedures apply will 
bear a legend (the “Global Legend”) setting forth (i) the minimum denomination of 
the Global Registered Certificate; (ii) a description of the Sale/Redemption Right; 
and (iii) provisions substantially to the same effect as the information set forth 
under the heading “Subscription and Sale – United States – U.S. Transfer 
Restrictions in the Event that the Alternative Procedures Apply” in the Programme 
Prospectus. Transfers of such Global Registered Certificate or any beneficial 
interests therein shall only take place in accordance with the provisions of the 
Global Legend. The Issuer shall not remove the Global Legend (except for the 
provisions therein with respect to resales under Rule 144A, provided that the 
applicable holding period under Rule 144(k) has been satisfied) so long as any 
Notes of such U.S. Series are outstanding. 
If the Alternative Procedures apply, the Issuer will, for so long as any Notes of a 
U.S. Series or U.S. Tranche are outstanding, use all reasonable endeavours to 
take certain actions to maintain its qualification for exemption from registration as 
an “investment company” under the 1940 Act. These actions include, but are not 
limited to, requesting that DTC, Bloomberg Financial Markets Commodities News 
and the CUSIP Bureau attach special indicators to their descriptions of the Global 
Registered Certificates which highlight the transfer restrictions on such Notes and 
requesting that DTC send a notice to all participants in DTC (“DTC Participants”) 
in connection with the initial offering of such Global Registered Certificates. 
The Issue Agent on behalf of the Issuer shall also send a notice (the “Annual DTC 
Notice”) to DTC Participants holding an interest in a Global Registered Certificate 
to which the Alternative Procedures apply, once per year on the anniversary of the 
issue date of the Notes of a U.S. Series or U.S. Tranche represented by such 
Global Registered Certificate, containing information substantially to the same 
effect as that set forth under the heading “Subscription and Sale – United States – 
U.S. Transfer Restrictions in the Event that the Alternative Procedures Apply” in 
the Programme Prospectus. 
(c) 
Authorised Denomination
Authorised Denomination means the denomination or denominations specified as such in 
the Final Terms or Pricing Supplement, as the case may be. 
(d) 
Type of Note
This Note is a Fixed Rate Note, a Floating Rate Note, a Zero Coupon Note, a Variable 
Coupon Note, a Long Maturity Note, an Interest Only Note (depending upon the basis for 
calculating interest specified in the Final Terms or Pricing Supplement, as the case may

--- Page 75 ---
75
be) or such other form of Note as the Issuer and the Arranger may agree that the Issuer 
can issue under the Programme and shall have such other terms as are specified in the 
Final Terms or Pricing Supplement, as the case may be. All payments in respect of this 
Note shall be made in the currency shown on its face unless it is specified in the Pricing 
Supplement to be a Dual Currency Note, which for the purposes of these Conditions shall 
include Notes in respect of which payments shall, or may at the option of the Issuer or any 
holder, be made in more than one currency or in a different currency than that which 
would otherwise prevail in the absence of the exercise of any such option), in which case 
payments shall be made on the basis specified in the Pricing Supplement. 
Interest bearing Bearer Notes are issued with Coupons (and, where appropriate, a Talon) 
attached, save in the case of Zero Coupon Notes in which case references to interest 
(other than in relation to interest (if any) due after the Maturity Date (as defined in 
Condition 7(a)), or other date for redemption) and Coupons in these Conditions are not 
applicable. After all the Coupons attached to or issued in respect of any Bearer Note 
which was issued with a Talon have matured, a coupon sheet comprising further Coupons 
(other than Coupons which would be void) and, if applicable, one further Talon, will be 
issued against presentation and surrender of the relevant Talon at the specified office of 
any Paying Agent. Any Bearer Note the principal amount of which is redeemable in 
instalments is issued with one or more Receipts attached. 
2. 
Exchange of Notes
(a) 
Exchange of Bearer Notes
Subject as provided in this Condition 2 and provided that, in the case of D Notes, 
certification of non-U.S. beneficial ownership has been received, Bearer Notes 
exchangeable for Registered Notes (“Exchangeable Bearer Notes”) may be exchanged 
for the same aggregate principal amount of Registered Notes of an Authorised 
Denomination at the request in writing of the relevant Noteholder and upon surrender of 
the Exchangeable Bearer Note to be exchanged together with all unmatured Receipts, 
Coupons and Talons relating to it (if any) to or to the order of the Registrar or any Transfer 
Agent. Where, however, an Exchangeable Bearer Note is surrendered for exchange after 
the Record Date (as defined in Condition 8(b)(2)) for any payment of interest, the Coupon 
in respect of that payment of interest need not be surrendered with it.   
Registered Notes may not be exchanged for Bearer Notes, unless otherwise specified in 
the Final Terms or Pricing Supplement, as the case may be. 
(b) 
Delivery of new Registered Certificate/Global Registered Certificate
Each new Registered Certificate or Global Registered Certificate to be issued upon 
request for exchange of Exchangeable Bearer Notes will, within three business days (in 
the place of the specified office of the Registrar or Transfer Agent to whom such request 
for exchange shall have been delivered) of receipt of such request for exchange, be 
available for delivery at the specified office of the Transfer Agent or of the Registrar (as 
the case may be) stipulated in the request for exchange, or be mailed at the risk of the 
holder entitled to the Registered Certificate or Global Registered Certificate to such 
address as may be specified in such request for exchange. 
(c) 
Formalities free of charge

--- Page 76 ---
76
The issue of Registered Certificates or a Global Registered Certificate upon an exchange 
of Bearer Notes and registration of the holder thereof will be effected without charge by or 
on behalf of the Issuer, the Registrar or the Transfer Agents, but upon payment by the 
relevant holder (or the giving of such indemnity by the relevant holder as the Registrar or 
the relevant Transfer Agent may require) in respect of any tax or other governmental 
charges which may be imposed in relation to it. 
(d) 
Closed periods
No Noteholder may require a Bearer Note to be exchanged for a Registered Note during 
the period of 15 days ending on the due date for any payment of principal on that Note or 
any payment of interest thereon or after such Note has been called for redemption. 
(e) 
Authorised Denomination
Bearer Notes of one Authorised Denomination may not be exchanged for Bearer Notes of 
another Authorised Denomination. 
Where a Permanent Global Note is, if so provided in the relevant Final Terms or Pricing 
Supplement, as the case may be, be exchangeable, in whole but not in part, for definitive 
Bearer Notes with, where applicable, Receipts, Coupons and Talons attached in the event 
that: 
(a) 
such Permanent Global Note is exchangeable on request from the holder thereof 
(or all of the holders acting together, if more than one) upon not less than 60 days’ 
prior written notice to the Issuer and the Issue Agent given (in the case of D Notes) 
not earlier than the relevant Exchange Date, the Notes of such Series may only be 
issued in Authorised Denominations equal to, or greater than, EUR 100,000 (or its 
equivalent in another currency); and 
(b) 
such Permanent Global Note is exchangeable (i) if the Issuer would suffer a 
material disadvantage as a result of a change in laws or regulations (taxation or 
otherwise) or as a result of a change in the practice of Euroclear, Clearstream, 
Luxembourg or any Alternative Clearing System which would not be suffered were 
the Bearer Notes in definitive form and a certificate to such effect is given to the 
Trustee; or (ii) at the option of the holder (or of all the holders acting together, if 
more than one) if the Notes become due and payable as the result of an Event of 
Default in accordance with Condition 9 and payment is not made on due 
presentation of the Permanent Global Note for payment or if either Euroclear or 
Clearstream, Luxembourg or any Alternative Clearing System in which the 
Permanent Global Note is for the time being deposited is closed for business for a 
continuous period of 14 days (otherwise than by reason of holiday, statutory or 
otherwise) or announces an intention permanently to cease business or to cease 
to make its book-entry system available for settlement of beneficial interests in 
such Permanent Global Note or does in fact do either of such things and no 
Alternative Clearing System satisfactory to the Trustee and the Principal Paying 
Agent is available, the Notes of such Series may be issued in Authorised 
Denominations which represent the aggregate of (a) a minimum denomination of 
EUR 100,000 or some larger amount (or its equivalent in another currency), plus 
(b) integral multiples of EUR 1,000 or some other amount (or its equivalent in 
another currency).

--- Page 77 ---
77
3. 
Status of Notes  
The Notes, Receipts, Coupons and Talons (if any) of any Series are secured limited recourse 
obligations of the Issuer, recourse in respect of which is limited in the manner described in 
Condition 10 and will rank pari passu without any preference among themselves, save in the case 
of a Series of Notes comprising more than one Tranche or class of Notes, in which case the 
Notes of each such Tranche or class will rank pari passu and without any preference among 
themselves but not, save to the extent specified in the Constituting Instrument, with Notes of 
another Tranche or class comprised in such Series. In such a case the ranking and preference of 
each class or Tranche of Notes will be as set out in the Constituting Instrument. 
4. 
Security
(a) 
Security
Unless otherwise specified in the Constituting Instrument and/or any Additional Charging 
Instrument, if applicable, any and all security granted by the Issuer in respect of any 
Series shall be granted with full title guarantee and as continuing security in favour of the 
Trustee, who shall hold such security on trust for each Secured Creditor as may be 
specified in the Constituting Instrument and/or any Additional Charging Instrument, if 
applicable, such security being held in the order of priority described in Condition 4(d) and 
as more particularly specified in the Final Terms or Pricing Supplement, as the case may 
be, and/or any Additional Charging Instrument, if applicable. 
The Trust Deed provides that the Trustee will be under no obligation or duty to act on any 
directions of the Noteholders or any requests by the Swap Counterparty (save as 
expressly provided for in the Constituting Instrument, any agreement or instrument arising 
therefrom, and/or, if applicable, the Charging Instrument, or the Conditions) and (save as 
aforesaid) in the event of any conflict between directions given by the Noteholders and by 
the Swap Counterparty it shall act only in accordance with the directions of Noteholders 
provided that if the Swap Counterparty gives directions to the Trustee in connection with 
any failure to pay when due any amount at any time owing to the Swap Counterparty, the 
Trustee shall be entitled to act in accordance only with the directions of the Swap 
Counterparty provided that any such direction in the opinion of the Trustee is not 
materially prejudicial to the interests of the Noteholders. Subject as provided in Conditions 
4(c) and 9, however, any Swap Counterparty may direct the Trustee to enforce the 
security constituted by the relevant Constituting Instrument in respect of the Series. 
The obligations of the Issuer under the Notes and the Receipts or Coupons (if any) 
appertaining thereto are, unless otherwise specified in the Constituting Instrument and/or 
any Additional Charging Instrument, if applicable, secured by: 
(i) 
a first fixed charge on, and/or by an assignment of and/or another security interest 
over, certain securities and/or agreements and/or rights (contractual or otherwise) 
and/or other assets (and/or the benefit, interest, right and/or title thereof, therein or 
thereto) (including, without limitation, as the case may be, (aa) bonds, commercial 
paper, notes, debentures, promissory notes, certificates of deposit, bills of 
exchange or other debt securities or negotiable instruments of any form, 
denomination, type and issuer, (bb) shares, stock or other equity securities of any 
form, denomination, type and issuer, (cc) the benefit of loans, evidences of 
indebtedness, and other rights, contractual or otherwise (including, without 
limitation, sub-participations, documentary or stand-by letters of credit or swap, 
option, exchange or other arrangements of the type contemplated in the

--- Page 78 ---
78
description of “Charged Agreement” in Condition 4(b), derivatives, commodity 
interests, assignments, participation, transferable loan certificates or instruments 
and/or any other instrument comprising, evidencing, representing and/or 
transferring such securities and/or agreements and/or rights (contractual or 
otherwise)) assigned or transferred to, or otherwise vested in, or entered into by, 
the Issuer as specified in the Conditions (the “Charged Assets”) and all rights and 
all sums (“Proceeds”) derived therefrom); 
(ii) 
an assignment of the Issuer’s rights, title and interest under the Charged 
Agreement and all sums derived therefrom; 
(iii) 
an assignment of the Issuer’s rights against the Custodian with respect to the 
Charged Assets under the Custody Agreement and a first fixed charge on all funds 
in respect of the Charged Assets held from time to time by the Custodian; 
(iv) 
a first fixed charge on all funds held from time to time by the Principal Paying 
Agent or, as the case may be, the Registrar to meet payments due under the 
Notes, the Receipts and the Coupons (if any); 
(v) 
an assignment of the Issuer’s rights, title and interest under the Agency Agreement 
and all sums derived therefrom; and 
(vi) 
an assignment of the Issuer’s rights, title and interest against the Arranger and 
each Dealer in relation to the Notes under the relevant Placing Agreement and 
against the Seller of the Charged Assets under the relevant Charged Assets Sale 
Agreement. 
Unless otherwise provided in the Constituting Instrument, such security shall extend to the 
obligations of the Issuer under any Further Notes (as defined in Condition 16) (and the 
Receipts and Coupons (if any) appertaining thereto) issued in accordance with Condition 
16 and consolidated and forming a single Series with this Series. The property and other 
assets as provided in the Constituting Instrument securing the obligations of the Issuer 
under the Notes (and any Further Notes) and the Receipts and Coupons (if any) 
appertaining thereto are herein collectively referred to as the “Collateral”. 
In this Condition “Investor” means each holder, lender or other beneficiary in respect of 
an Alternative Investment. 
To the extent that an obligor in respect of the Charged Assets fails to make 
payments to the Issuer under the relevant Charged Assets on the due date therefor, 
the Issuer will be unable to meet its obligations under the Charged Agreement 
and/or unable to meet its obligations in respect of the Notes, the Receipts, or the 
Coupons (if any) as and when they fall due. In such event, and subject to Condition 
4(c), the Notes will become repayable in accordance with Condition 7 and the 
security therefor will become enforceable in accordance with and subject to the 
provisions of Condition 10. 
The Notes are capable of being declared immediately due and repayable prior to 
their stated date of maturity or other date or dates for their redemption following the 
occurrence of any of the events of default more particularly specified in Condition 9.  
On notice having been given to the Issuer by the Trustee following any such 
occurrence, the Notes will become repayable in accordance with Condition 9 and 
the security therefor will become enforceable in accordance with the Master Trust

--- Page 79 ---
79
Terms (as amended, modified and/or supplemented by the relevant Constituting 
Instrument) and subject to the provisions of Condition 10.  
On any such enforcement, the net proceeds thereof may be insufficient to pay 
amounts due to each Swap Counterparty under each Charged Agreement and 
amounts due on repayment to the Noteholders whether in accordance with the 
order of priority specified by the Trust Deed or at all. 
(b) 
Charged Agreements 
The Issuer has, unless otherwise specified in the Constituting Instrument, entered into one 
or more Charged Agreements. A Charged Agreement may comprise (i) any transaction 
which is a rate swap transaction, swap option, basis swap, forward rate transaction, 
commodity swap, commodity option, equity or equity index swap, equity or equity index 
option, bond option, interest rate option, foreign exchange transaction, cap transaction, 
floor transaction, collar transaction, currency swap transaction, cross-currency rate swap 
transaction, currency option, credit protection transaction, credit swap, credit default swap, 
credit default option, total return swap, credit spread transaction, repurchase transaction, 
reverse repurchase transaction, buy/sell-back transaction, securities lending transaction, 
or forward purchase or sale of a security, commodity or other financial instrument or 
interest (including any option with respect to any of these transactions), in each case, as 
applicable, whether single-name or portfolio-based; (ii) any transaction which is a type of 
transaction that is similar to any transaction referred to in (i) that is currently, or in the 
future becomes, recurrently entered into in the financial markets (including terms and 
conditions included by reference in such agreement) and that is a forward, swap, future, 
option or other derivative on one or more rates, currencies, commodities, equity securities 
or other equity instruments, debt securities or other debt instruments, or economic indices 
or measures of economic risk or value and any combination of the foregoing transactions; 
or (iii) any other transaction executed with a Swap Counterparty specified in the 
Constituting Instrument under which a Swap Counterparty may make certain payments 
and/or deliveries of securities or other assets to the Issuer in respect of amounts due on or 
deliveries in respect of the Notes and Receipts or Coupons (if any) and the Issuer may 
make certain payments and/or deliveries of securities or other assets to that Swap 
Counterparty on receipt thereof by the Issuer out of sums or deliveries received by the 
Issuer on the Charged Assets all as more particularly described in the Constituting 
Instrument. Any Charged Agreement may, subject in the case of a rated Series to the 
requirements of any relevant recognised debt rating agency which at any time has 
assigned a current rating to the Notes at the request of the Issuer (such recognised debt 
rating agency or any such successor or replacement thereto or therefor or alternative 
rating agency being herein referred to as a “Rating Agency”, and the terms “rated” and 
“rating” shall be construed accordingly), contain provisions requiring the relevant Swap 
Counterparty or the Issuer to deposit security, collateral or margin, or to provide a 
guarantee, in certain circumstances all as more particularly described in the Constituting 
Instrument. In the absence of such requirement, no such security, collateral, margin or 
guarantee will be made or provided. Each Charged Agreement will terminate if the Notes 
are redeemed pursuant to Condition 7(b), Condition 7(c), Condition 7(d), Condition 7(e), 
Condition 7(h), Condition 7(i) or Condition 7(j) and will be partially or wholly terminated in 
the event of a redemption pursuant to the paragraph headed “Alternative procedures” of 
Condition 1(b)(3), Condition 7(g) or Condition 7(t), a purchase pursuant to Condition 7(s) 
or on an exchange pursuant to Condition 7(t). In the event of an early termination, either 
party to a Charged Agreement may be liable to make a termination payment to the other 
as provided in such Charged Agreement.

--- Page 80 ---
80
To the extent that a Swap Counterparty fails to make payments due to the Issuer 
under any Charged Agreement the Issuer will be unable to meet its obligations in 
respect of the Notes or the Receipts or Coupons (if any). In such event, the Charged 
Agreement will be terminated and, subject to Condition 4(c), the Notes will become 
repayable in accordance with Condition 7.  
The Trust Deed provides that the Trustee shall not be bound or concerned to, nor 
will the Issuer, make any investigation into the creditworthiness of any Swap 
Counterparty or any guarantor thereof, the validity or enforceability of any of any 
Swap Counterparty’s obligations under any Charged Agreement or of any 
guarantee of any such obligation or any of the terms of any Charged Agreement 
(including, without limitation, whether the cashflows from the Charged Assets, any 
Charged Agreement and the Notes are matched) or any such guarantee. 
Further information relating to Charged Agreements is provided in “Description of 
Charged Agreements” in this Programme Prospectus.  
(c) 
Realisation of the Collateral upon redemption pursuant to Condition 7(f) or 9 
In the event of the security constituted by the relevant Trust Deed and any Additional 
Charging Instrument becoming enforceable as provided in Conditions 7(f) or 9, the 
Trustee shall have the right to enforce its rights under the Trust Deed and/or if applicable, 
any Additional Charging Instrument in relation to the Collateral and shall do so if so 
directed (i) in writing by the holders of at least one-fifth in principal amount of the Notes 
then outstanding; (ii) by an Extraordinary Resolution of the Noteholders; or (iii) in writing 
by a Swap Counterparty (if any) if the relevant Charged Agreement (if any) has terminated 
in accordance with its terms and any sum remains owing to the Swap Counterparty under 
such Charged Agreement, but in each case without any liability as to the consequence of 
such action and without having regard to the effect thereof on, or being required to 
account for such action to, individual Noteholders or any Swap Counterparty, provided 
that the Trustee shall not be required to take any action unless, at its request, it is first 
indemnified and/or secured to its satisfaction. If so specified in the Constituting Instrument, 
a Realisation Agent may be appointed in respect of a particular Series of Notes on the 
terms set out in the Constituting Instrument, provided that the Realisation Agent, on 
written notice to the Issuer and the Trustee, may resign its appointment as Realisation 
Agent at any time (with or without reason) and without any liability therefor, whereupon the 
terms and provisions in this Condition 4(c) in respect of such Realisation Agent and Series 
of Notes shall not apply to the Realisation Agent specified in such Constituting Instrument. 
In addition, if a Realisation Agent has been appointed in respect of a particular Series of 
Notes, and the Notes are to be redeemed (in whole or in part) under Conditions 7(f), 7(g) 
or 9 or repurchased pursuant to Condition 7(s) and it is necessary for the Issuer to sell the 
Charged Assets or part thereof, the Issuer shall instruct the Realisation Agent to arrange 
for and administer such sale in accordance with this Condition 4(c), provided that the 
Realisation Agent, if it elects to act as Realisation Agent, shall not be required to take any 
action unless, at its request, it is first indemnified to its satisfaction by the Issuer and/or by 
the holder or holders of the Notes. By its purchase of any Notes, each holder thereof 
hereby fully and irrevocably releases the Realisation Agent and holds it harmless from any 
and all liability (however arising or based, in contract, tort, equity or otherwise) in respect 
of its actions or failures to act as Realisation Agent, except for any liability that shall have 
been caused by the Realisation Agent’s own fraud or wilful default.

--- Page 81 ---
81
If a Realisation Agent has been appointed in respect of the Notes, the Realisation Agent 
shall endeavour to sell or otherwise realise the Charged Assets within a period (the 
“Realisation Period”) of not less than 30 Relevant Business Days nor more than 40 
Relevant Business Days from the date on which it receives an instruction to do so at such 
price as is determined in accordance with this Condition 4(c) and on such terms as the 
Realisation Agent determines in its sole and absolute discretion are available in the 
market at such time (consistent with the price obtained), less all costs and expenses, 
including without limitation any commissions, taxes, fees, duties or other charges 
applicable thereto. The Issuer will procure that, so long as any Note remains outstanding, 
there shall at all times be a Realisation Agent if provision is made for the same in the 
related Constituting Instrument and which unless specified otherwise in the Constituting 
Instrument shall be the Swap Counterparty. 
If the Realisation Agent is unable or unwilling to act as such the Issuer will, with the prior 
written consent of the Trustee and the Swap Counterparty, appoint the London office of a 
leading international investment bank to act as such. 
If the Realisation Agent has not been able to liquidate all or part of the Charged Assets 
within the Realisation Period it must sell them at its expiry, irrespective of the price 
obtainable and regardless if such price is close to or equal to zero. If, however, the 
Realisation Agent determines that there is no available market for the Charged Assets, or 
if the Realisation Agent otherwise determines that it is impossible to sell or otherwise 
realise the Charged Assets or any part thereof, the Realisation Agent will promptly notify 
the Issuer, the Trustee and the Swap Counterparty of such lack of availability or 
impossibility and the Realisation Agent shall not be required to effect the sale or other 
realisation of the Charged Assets or any part thereof. Any such determination by the 
Realisation Agent shall be in its sole discretion and shall be binding on the Issuer, the 
Trustee, the Swap Counterparty and the Noteholders. In the event that the Realisation 
Agent makes such determination the Trustee at its discretion may, and shall if so 
requested or directed in accordance with the first paragraph of this Condition 4(c) (but 
subject in each case to its being indemnified and/or secured in accordance with such 
paragraph), appoint a receiver or another agent or delegate to realise all or part of the 
Charged Assets by other means. 
In order to liquidate all or part of the Charged Assets within the Realisation Period, the 
Realisation Agent shall only be required to take reasonable care to ascertain a price that 
is available for the sale or other realisation of the Charged Assets at the time of the sale or 
other realisation for transactions of the kind and size concerned and the Realisation Agent 
shall not be required to delay the sale or other realisation for any reason including the 
possibility of achieving a higher price. The Realisation Agent shall sell at a price which it 
reasonably believes to be representative of the price available in the market for the sale of 
the Charged Assets in the appropriate size taking into account the length of the 
Realisation Period and the total amount of Charged Assets to be sold during that 
Realisation Period. In carrying out the sale or other realisation of the Charged Assets, the 
Realisation Agent may sell to its affiliates or to the Swap Counterparty provided that (i) the 
Realisation Agent shall sell at a price which it believes to be a fair market price; or (ii), 
where the amount payable to the Noteholders varies according to the sale price obtained, 
the Trustee is satisfied that the sale price is a fair market price. A sale price shall be 
deemed to be a fair market price if the Realisation Agent certifies to the Trustee that two 
financial institutions, funds, dealers or other persons that deal in, or enter into transactions 
referencing, obligations of the same type as the Charged Assets, have either refused to 
buy the relevant securities in whole or offered to buy them at a price equal to or less than 
such sale price.

--- Page 82 ---
82
The Realisation Agent shall not be liable (i) to account for anything except the actual net 
proceeds of the Charged Assets received by it; or (ii) for any costs, charges, losses, 
damages, liabilities or expenses arising from or connected with the sale or otherwise 
unless such costs, charges, losses, damages, liabilities or expenses shall have been 
caused by its own fraud or wilful default. Nor shall the Realisation Agent be liable to the 
Issuer, the Noteholders, the Trustee or any other person merely because a higher price 
could have been obtained had the sale or other realisation been delayed or to pay to the 
Issuer, the Noteholders, the Trustee or any other person interest on any proceeds from 
the sale or other realisation held by it at any time. The Realisation Agent may, 
notwithstanding that its interests and the interests of holders of the Notes may conflict, 
pursue such actions and take such steps as it deems necessary or appropriate in its sole 
and absolute discretion to protect its interests, without regard to whether such action or 
steps might have an adverse effect on the Notes, Charged Assets, or other obligations or 
interests of the issuers or obligors thereof or any holders of Notes. 
The Trustee shall have no responsibility or liability for the performance by the Realisation 
Agent of its duties under this Condition 4(c) or for the price at which any of the Charged 
Assets may be sold or otherwise realised. 
The net sums (if any) realised upon the security becoming enforceable pursuant to 
the Conditions may be insufficient to pay all the amounts due to each Swap 
Counterparty (if any) and to the Noteholders. In such event, any shortfall shall, 
unless otherwise specified in the Constituting Instrument, be borne by the 
Noteholders and by each Swap Counterparty (if any) in the order of priority 
described in Condition 4(d) and as more particularly specified in the Final Terms or 
Pricing Supplement, as the case may be, and/or any Additional Charging Instrument, 
if applicable.  
(d) 
Application
After meeting the expenses and remuneration of and any other amounts due to the 
Trustee, including in respect of liabilities incurred, or to any receiver appointed pursuant to 
the relevant Trust Deed and/or, if applicable, any Additional Charging Instrument, in each 
case in respect of the Notes, and subject as provided in such Constituting Instrument 
and/or, if applicable, any Additional Charging Instrument, the net proceeds of the 
enforcement of the security constituted pursuant to the relevant Trust Deed and/or, if 
applicable, any Additional Charging Instrument will be applied (after the discharge of 
claims, if any, mandatorily preferred by the law of any applicable jurisdiction and payment 
to the Issuer of the series minimum profit (to the extent not already received by the Issuer)) 
as follows: 
(i) 
if “Noteholder Priority” is specified as being applicable in the Final Terms or Pricing 
Supplement, as the case may be: 
(1) 
first, in meeting the claims (if any) pro rata and pari passu according to the 
respective amounts thereof, of the Principal Paying Agent, the Paying 
Agent and the Realisation Agent under the Agency Agreement and the 
Custodian under the Custody Agreement; 
(2) 
second, in meeting the claims (if any) of the Noteholders pari passu and 
rateably;

--- Page 83 ---
83
(3) 
third, in meeting the claims (if any) of the Swap Counterparty under or in 
connection with the Charged Agreement; and 
(4) 
fourth, in payment of the balance (if any) to the Issuer; 
(ii) 
if “Swap Counterparty Priority” is specified as being applicable in the Final Terms 
or Pricing Supplement, as the case may be: 
(1) 
first, in meeting the claims (if any) pro rata and pari passu according to the 
respective amounts thereof, of the Principal Paying Agent, the Paying 
Agent and the Realisation Agent under the Agency Agreement and the 
Custodian under the Custody Agreement; 
(2) 
second, in meeting the claims (if any) of the Swap Counterparty under or in 
connection with the Charged Agreement; 
(3) 
third, in meeting the claims (if any) of the Noteholders pari passu and 
rateably; and 
(4) 
fourth, in payment of the balance (if any) to the Issuer; 
(iii) 
if “Adjusted Swap Counterparty Priority” is specified as being applicable in the 
Final Terms or Pricing Supplement, as the case may be: 
(1) 
first, in meeting the claims (if any) pro rata and pari passu according to the 
respective amounts thereof, of the Principal Paying Agent, the Paying 
Agent and the Realisation Agent under the Agency Agreement and the 
Custodian under the Custody Agreement; 
(2) 
second, (other than in the event of an event of default with respect to the 
Charged Agreement where the Swap Counterparty is the defaulting party) 
in meeting the claims (if any) of the Swap Counterparty under or in 
connection with the Charged Agreement; 
(3) 
third, in meeting the claims (if any) of the Noteholders pari passu and 
rateably; 
(4) 
fourth, in the event of an event of default with respect to the Charged 
Agreement where the Swap Counterparty is the defaulting party, in meeting 
the claims (if any) of the Swap Counterparty under or in connection with the 
Charged Agreement; and 
(5) 
fifth, in payment of the balance (if any) to the Issuer; 
(iv) 
if “Further Adjusted Swap Counterparty Priority” is specified as being applicable in 
the Final Terms or Pricing Supplement, as the case may be: 
(1) 
first, in meeting the claims (if any) pro rata and pari passu according to the 
respective amounts thereof, of the Principal Paying Agent, the Paying 
Agent and the Realisation Agent under the Agency Agreement and the 
Custodian under the Custody Agreement;

--- Page 84 ---
84
(2) 
second, (other than in the event of (i) an event of default with respect to the 
Charged Agreement where the Swap Counterparty is the defaulting party; 
or (ii) a termination event with respect to the Charged Agreement where 
the Swap Counterparty is the sole affected party) in meeting the claims (if 
any) of the Swap Counterparty under or in connection with the Charged 
Agreement; 
(3) 
third, in meeting the claims (if any) of the Noteholders pari passu and 
rateably; 
(4) 
fourth, in the event of (i) an event of default with respect to the Charged 
Agreement where the Swap Counterparty is the defaulting party; or (ii) a 
termination event with respect to the Charged Agreement where the Swap 
Counterparty is the sole affected party, in meeting the claims (if any) of the 
Swap Counterparty under or in connection with the Charged Agreement; 
and 
(5) 
fifth, in payment of the balance (if any) to the Issuer; or 
(v) 
if “Other Priority” is specified as being applicable in the Constituting Instrument, 
any other basis of distribution provided for in the relevant Constituting Instrument.  
(e) 
Shortfall after application of proceeds
If the net proceeds of the security constituted pursuant to the relevant Trust Deed and/or, 
if applicable, any Additional Charging Instrument for any Series of Notes, such security 
having been enforced under Condition 4(c), are not sufficient to make all payments due in 
respect of the Notes and Receipts or Coupons (if any) and for the Issuer to meet its 
obligations (if any) in respect of the termination of each Charged Agreement (if any) in 
respect of that Series, the other assets of the Issuer (including, without limitation, assets 
securing or otherwise attributable to any other Series of Notes) will not be available for 
payment of any shortfall arising therefrom. Any such shortfall will be borne, following 
enforcement of the security for the Notes by the Secured Creditors in accordance with the 
order of priorities on enforcement described in Condition 4(d) and as more particularly 
specified in the Final Terms or Pricing Supplement, as the case may be, and/or Additional 
Charging Instrument, if applicable. Claims in respect of any such shortfall remaining after 
realisation of the security under Condition 4(c) and application of the proceeds in 
accordance with the relevant Trust Deed and Condition 4(d) shall be extinguished and 
failure to make any payment in respect of any such shortfall shall in no circumstances 
constitute an Event of Default under Condition 9 in respect of the Notes or in respect of 
any notes of any other Series. 
Pursuant to Condition 10, none of the Trustee, any Noteholder or any Swap 
Counterparty, shall be entitled to petition or take any other step for the winding-up 
of the Issuer in relation to any shortfall in respect of any Series remaining after the 
realisation of the security under Condition 4(c) or otherwise, nor shall any of them 
have any claim in respect of any unpaid sums or on any account whatsoever over 
or in respect of any assets of the Issuer which are or purport to be security for any 
other Series.
Neither the Trustee nor the Custodian is under any obligation to maintain any 
insurance in respect of any part of the security constituted pursuant to the relevant

--- Page 85 ---
85
Trust Deed, whether against loss of such security by theft or fire, in respect of fraud 
or forgery or against any other risk whatsoever.
5. 
Restrictions
So long as any of the Notes remain outstanding (as defined in the Trust Deed), the Issuer has 
covenanted, amongst other things, that it will not, without the prior written consent of the Trustee 
and each Swap Counterparty (if any): 
(a) 
engage in any activity or do anything whatsoever except: 
(1)  
issue or enter into or create the Notes or other series of notes (each a “Discrete 
Series”) or Alternative Investments (as defined below) and provided always that 
any such Discrete Series or Alternative Investments are issued, entered into or 
created on terms that such Discrete Series or Alternative Investments is or are 
secured on or otherwise limited in recourse to specified assets of the Issuer (or the 
proceeds thereof or an amount equivalent thereto) which do not form part of the 
Collateral for the Notes or (unless expressly specified by the terms and conditions 
applicable to a Discrete Series or to any Alternative Investments) the assets 
securing, or to which recourse is otherwise limited in respect of, any other Discrete 
Series or any other Alternative Investments and on terms which provide for the 
extinguishment of all claims in respect of such Discrete Series or Alternative 
Investments after application of the proceeds of the specified assets on which such 
Discrete Series or Alternative Investments is or are secured or to which recourse is 
otherwise limited; 
(2) 
enter into the Trust Deed, the Agency Agreement, any Custody Agreement and 
any Charged Agreement in relation to the Notes and all other deeds and 
agreements of any other kind related thereto, the Administration Agreement and 
the Series Proposal Agreement (the Administration Agreement and the Series 
Proposal Agreement, together the “Additional Agreements”) and any trust deed, 
agency agreement, custody agreement and charged agreement relating to any 
Discrete Series or Alternative Investments and all other deeds or agreements of 
any other kind related thereto, but provided always that any such agreement or 
deed is entered into on terms that the obligations of the Issuer thereunder are 
secured on or otherwise limited in recourse to specified assets of the Issuer (other 
than the proceeds of its issued share capital), any transaction fees paid to it for 
agreeing to issue any Notes or enter into any Alternative Investments, any account 
in which such moneys are held and any account into which any amounts required 
to be retained by the Issuer as minimum profit under the Dutch tax agreement 
obtained on behalf of the Issuer with the Dutch tax authorities have been deposited 
(the “Issuer Dutch Account”) which do not form part of the Collateral for the 
Notes or (unless expressly specified by the terms and conditions applicable to a 
Discrete Series or to any Alternative Investments) the assets securing or to which 
recourse is otherwise limited in relation to, any other Discrete Series or any other 
Alternative Investments and on terms which provide for extinguishment of all 
claims in respect of such obligations after application of the proceeds of realisation 
of the specified assets on which such indebtedness or obligation is secured or to 
which recourse is otherwise limited; 
(3) 
acquire or hold, or enter into any agreement to acquire or hold or constitute, the 
Collateral in respect of the Notes, or the assets securing its obligations, or to which

--- Page 86 ---
86
recourse is otherwise limited, under or in respect of the Notes or any Discrete 
Series or Alternative Investments; 
(4) 
perform its obligations under the Notes, the Trust Deed, the Agency Agreement, 
any Custody Agreement, any Charged Agreement, the Additional Agreements and 
all the deeds or agreements incidental to the issue and constitution thereof or of 
the security therefor and under any Discrete Series or any Alternative Investments 
and the trust deed, agency agreement, custody agreement, charged agreement 
and all other deeds or agreements incidental to the issue or entering into and 
constitution of, or the granting of security for, Discrete Series or Alternative 
Investments; 
(5) 
enforce any of its rights under the Notes, the Trust Deed, the Agency Agreement, 
any Custody Agreement, any Charged Agreement, the Additional Agreements or 
any other deed or agreement entered into in connection with the Notes, and under 
the trust deed, the agency agreement, any custody agreement, any charged 
agreement or any other deed or agreement entered into in connection with any 
Discrete Series or Alternative Investments; or 
(6) 
perform any act incidental to or necessary in connection with the Notes, the Trust 
Deed, the Agency Agreement, any Custody Agreement, any Charged Agreement, 
the Additional Agreements or any Discrete Series or Alternative Investments or any 
other deed or agreement entered into in connection with the Notes or any Discrete 
Series or Alternative Investments or in connection with any of the above;  
(b) 
have any subsidiaries or employees; 
(c) 
subject to sub-paragraph (a) above and save as have been expressly permitted by the 
Trust Deed, dispose of any of its property or other assets or any part thereof or interest 
therein (subject as provided in the terms and conditions applicable to any Discrete Series 
or Alternative Investments); 
(d) 
declare or pay any dividend or other distribution to its members other than from the Issuer 
Dutch Account to the shareholder of the Issuer; 
(e) 
issue or create any Discrete Series or (if applicable) enter into any Alternative Investments, 
unless the trustee thereof is the same person as the Trustee for the Notes; 
(f) 
issue any further shares; 
(g) 
amend its constitutional documents; 
(h) 
create or permit any security interests over its assets other than such security interests 
contemplated by any Constituting Instrument and/or any Additional Charging Instrument in 
respect of any Series of Notes; 
(i) 
institute a proceeding seeking judgement of insolvency or bankruptcy or any other relief 
under any bankruptcy or insolvency law or other similar law affecting creditor’s rights or 
petition or take any other step to be wound-up, save as may be required by any applicable 
law; 
(j) 
purchase, own, lease or otherwise acquire any real property; or

--- Page 87 ---
87
(k) 
consolidate or merge with any other person. 
As used in these Conditions: 
“Alternative Investments” means any agreement, instrument or other transaction issued or 
entered into by the Issuer pursuant to which the Issuer has an obligation for the payment or 
repayment of money and/or to deliver or redeliver securities which is specified in the relevant 
Constituting Instrument constituting the same to be an “Alternative Investment” of the Issuer. 
6. 
Interest
Words and expressions used in this Condition are defined (unless defined elsewhere in these 
Conditions) in Condition 6(l). 
(a) 
Interest Rate and Accrual
Each Note (other than a Zero Coupon Note) bears interest on its Calculation Amount from 
and including the Interest Commencement Date at the rate per annum (expressed as a 
percentage) equal to the Interest Rate, such interest being payable in arrears on each 
Interest Payment Date. Interest shall accrue from and including one Interest Payment 
Date (or, as the case may be, the Interest Commencement Date) to but excluding the next 
following Interest Payment Date. 
Interest will cease to accrue on each Note on the due date for redemption unless, upon 
due presentation thereof, payment of principal is improperly withheld or refused, in which 
event interest will continue to accrue (as well after as before judgment) at the Interest 
Rate and in the manner provided in this Condition 6 until the Relevant Date (as defined in 
Condition 7(e)(3)). In the event that “Adjusted Interest Accrual” is specified as being 
applicable in the relevant Final Terms or Pricing Supplement, as the case may be, in the 
event that the Notes are redeemed prior to the Maturity Date, interest shall cease to 
accrue in respect of the Notes with effect from the Interest Payment Date immediately 
preceding the relevant Early Redemption Date.   
(b) 
Business Day Convention
If any date referred to in these Conditions which is specified to be subject to adjustment in 
accordance with a business day convention would otherwise fall on a day which is not a 
Relevant Business Day, then, if the business day convention specified in the Final Terms 
or Pricing Supplement, as the case may be, is (i) the Floating Rate Convention, such date 
shall be postponed to the next day which is a Relevant Business Day unless it would 
thereby fall into the next calendar month, in which event (aa) such date shall be brought 
forward to the immediately preceding Relevant Business Day and (bb) each subsequent 
such date shall be the last Relevant Business Day of the month in which such date would 
have fallen; (ii) the Following Business Day Convention, such date shall be postponed to 
the next day which is a Relevant Business Day; (iii) the Modified Following Business Day 
Convention, such date shall be postponed to the next day which is a Relevant Business 
Day unless it would thereby fall into the next calendar month, in which event such date 
shall be brought forward to the immediately preceding Relevant Business Day; or (iv) the 
Preceding Business Day Convention, such date shall be brought forward to the 
immediately preceding Relevant Business Day. 
(c) 
Interest Rate on Floating Rate Notes

--- Page 88 ---
88
If a Note is a Floating Rate Note, the Interest Rate will be determined by reference to a 
Benchmark as adjusted by adding thereto or subtracting therefrom the Spread (if any) or 
by multiplying such rate by the Spread Multiplier (if any). 
The Interest Rate payable from time to time in respect of each Floating Rate Note will be 
determined by the Interest Calculation Agent on the basis of the following provisions: 
(1) 
At or about the Relevant Time on the relevant Interest Determination Date in 
respect of each Interest Period, the Interest Calculation Agent will: 
(A) 
in the case of Floating Rate Notes where it is specified in the Final Terms or 
Pricing Supplement, as the case may be, that the Primary Source for 
Interest Rate Quotations shall be derived from a specified page, section or 
other part of a particular information service (each as specified in the Final 
Terms or Pricing Supplement, as the case may be), determine the Interest 
Rate for such Interest Period which shall, subject as provided below, be: 
(i) 
the Relevant Rate so appearing in or on that page, section or other 
part of such information service (where such Relevant Rate is a 
composite quotation or interest rate per annum or is customarily 
supplied by one entity); or 
(ii) 
the arithmetic mean (rounded, if necessary, to the nearest one-
hundred thousandth of a percentage point, 0.000005 being rounded 
upwards) of the Relevant Rates of the persons at that time whose 
Relevant Rates so appear in or on that page, section or other part of 
such information service, 
in any such case in respect of Euro-currency deposits in the relevant 
currency for a period equal to the period in question more particularly 
referred to in the Benchmark and as adjusted by the Spread or Spread 
Multiplier (if any); and 
(B) 
in the case of Floating Rate Notes where it is specified in the Final Terms or 
Pricing Supplement, as the case may be, that the Primary Source of 
Interest Rate Quotations shall be the four or more Reference Banks 
specified in the Final Terms or Pricing Supplement, as the case may be, 
and in the case of Floating Rate Notes falling within Condition 6(c)(1)(A) but 
in respect of which no Relevant Rates appear at or about such Relevant 
Time or, as the case may be, which are to be determined by reference to 
quotations of persons appearing in or on the relevant page, section or other 
part of such information service, but in respect of which less than two 
Relevant Rates appear at or about such Relevant Time, request the 
principal office in the Relevant Financial Centre of each of the Reference 
Banks (or, as the case may be, any substitute Reference Bank appointed 
from time to time pursuant to Condition 6(j)) to provide the Interest 
Calculation Agent with its Relevant Rate quoted to leading banks for Euro-
currency deposits in the relevant currency for a period equivalent to the 
duration of such Interest Period. Where this Condition 6(c)(1)(B) shall apply, 
the Interest Rate for the relevant Interest Period shall, subject as provided 
below, be the arithmetic mean (rounded, if necessary, to the nearest one-
hundred thousandth of a percentage point, 0.000005 being rounded

--- Page 89 ---
89
upwards) of such Relevant Rates as calculated by the Interest Calculation 
Agent as adjusted by the Spread or Spread Multiplier (if any). 
(2) 
If at or about the Relevant Time on any Interest Determination Date where the 
Interest Rate falls to be determined pursuant to Condition 6(c)(1)(B) in respect of a 
Floating Rate Note, two or three only of such Reference Banks provide such 
relevant quotations, the Interest Rate for the relevant Interest Period shall, subject 
as provided below, be determined as aforesaid on the basis of the Relevant Rates 
quoted by such Reference Banks. 
(3) 
If at or about the Relevant Time on any Interest Determination Date where the 
Interest Rate falls to be determined pursuant to Condition 6(c)(1)(B) in respect of a 
Floating Rate Note, only one or none of such Reference Banks provide such 
Relevant Rates, the Interest Rate for the relevant Interest Period shall be the rate 
per annum (expressed as a percentage) which the Interest Calculation Agent 
determines to be the arithmetic mean (rounded, if necessary, to the nearest one-
hundred thousandth of a percentage point, 0.000005 being rounded upwards) of 
the Relevant Rates in respect of the relevant currency which banks in the Relevant 
Financial Centre of the country of such currency selected by the Interest 
Calculation Agent are quoting at or about the Relevant Time (in such Relevant 
Financial Centre) on the relevant Interest Determination Date for a period 
equivalent to such Interest Period to leading banks carrying on business in that 
Relevant Financial Centre, as adjusted by the Spread or Spread Multiplier (if any) 
except that, if the banks so selected by the Interest Calculation Agent are not 
quoting as aforesaid, the Interest Rate shall be the Interest Rate in effect for the 
last preceding Interest Period to which Condition 6(c)(1)(A) or 6(c)(1)(B) or 6(c)(2) 
(as the case may be) shall have applied. 
(d) 
Interest Rate on Zero Coupon Notes
Where a Note the Interest Rate of which is specified to be Zero Coupon is repayable prior 
to the Maturity Date and is not paid when due, the amount due and payable prior to the 
Maturity Date (as defined in Condition 7(a)) shall be the “Amortised Face Amount” of 
such Note as determined in accordance with Condition 7(e)(3). As from the Maturity Date 
or other date for redemption, any overdue principal of such Note shall bear interest at a 
rate per annum (expressed as a percentage) equal to the “Amortisation Yield” specified 
in the Final Terms or Pricing Supplement, as the case may be (as well after as before 
judgment) to the Relevant Date (as defined in Condition 7(e)(3)). 
(e) 
Interest Rate on Variable Coupon Notes
If a Note is a Variable Coupon Note, if an Interest Basis Change Date or Dates are 
specified in the Final Terms or Pricing Supplement, as the case may be, the Interest Rate 
payable from time to time will be determined by the Interest Calculation Agent on the basis 
of the following provisions: 
(1) 
the Interest Rate from and including (i) the Interest Commencement Date to but 
excluding the Interest Basis Change Date shall be the Initial Rate (if specified as 
being applicable in the Final Terms or Pricing Supplement, as the case may be); 
and/or (ii) the Interest Basis Change Date to but excluding the Maturity Date shall 
be the Final Rate (if specified as being applicable in the Final Terms or Pricing 
Supplement, as the case may be); and/or

--- Page 90 ---
90
(2) 
the Interest Rate from and including the Interest Commencement Date, the Interest 
Basis Change Date or an Interest Payment Date to but excluding the immediately 
following Interest Payment Date, Interest Basis Change Date or the Maturity Date, 
as the case may be, shall be the rate per annum (expressed as a percentage) 
equal to: 
(i) 
the Base Rate; plus 
(ii) 
(a) where the Trigger Condition has not been satisfied on the relevant 
Trigger Event Date, zero; or 
(b) where the Trigger Condition has been satisfied on the relevant Trigger 
Event Date, the Extra Spread; and/or 
(3) 
if “Additional Coupon” is specified as being applicable in the Final Terms or Pricing 
Supplement, as the case may be, the Additional Coupon Amount(s) will be payable 
by the Issuer on the Additional Coupon Payment Date(s), where the Trigger 
Condition, as specified in the Final Terms or Pricing Supplement, as the case may 
be, has or has not been satisfied on the relevant Trigger Event Date. 
(f) 
Minimum/Maximum Rates
If a Minimum Interest Rate is specified in the Final Terms or Pricing Supplement, as the 
case may be, then the Interest Rate shall in no event be less than the Minimum Interest 
Rate and if there is so specified a Maximum Interest Rate, then the Interest Rate shall in 
no event exceed the Maximum Interest Rate. 
(g) 
Step-up/Step-down
If either Step-up or Step-down is specified in the Final Terms or Pricing Supplement, as 
the case may be, as being applicable, then the Interest Rate shall increase or decrease, 
as the case may be, on the relevant Step-up Date(s) or Step-down Date(s), as the case 
may be, as may be specified in the Final Terms or Pricing Supplement, as the case may 
be, to the relevant Step-up Rate(s) or Step-down Rate(s), as the case may be. 
(h) 
Determination of Interest Rate and calculation of Interest Amounts
The Interest Calculation Agent will, as soon as practicable after the Relevant Time on 
each Interest Determination Date, determine the Interest Rate and calculate the Interest 
Amounts for the relevant Interest Period. The amount of interest payable in respect of any 
Note for any period shall be calculated by multiplying the product of the Interest Rate and 
the Calculation Amount of such Note by the Day Count Fraction specified in the Final 
Terms or Pricing Supplement, as the case may be, unless an Interest Amount or, in 
respect of Fixed Rate Notes, a Fixed Coupon Amount is specified in respect of such 
period, in which case the amount of interest payable in respect of such Note for such 
period will equal such Interest Amount. The determination of the Interest Rate and the 
calculation of the Interest Amounts by the Interest Calculation Agent shall (in the absence 
of manifest error) be final and binding upon all parties. 
In respect of Fixed Rate Notes, where a Fixed Coupon Amount is specified in the Final 
Terms or Pricing Supplement, as the case may be, the Interest Amount payable in respect 
of each Note on the relevant Interest Payment Date will be the Fixed Coupon Amount and

--- Page 91 ---
91
payments of interest on any Interest Payment Date will, if so specified in the Final Terms 
or Pricing Supplement, as the case may be, amount to the Broken Amount so specified. 
(i) 
Notification of Interest Rate and Interest Amounts
The Interest Calculation Agent will cause the Interest Rate and the Interest Amounts for 
each Interest Period and the relevant Interest Payment Date to be notified to the Trustee, 
the Issuer, the Principal Paying Agent, or, in the case of Registered Notes, the Registrar, 
and each of the Paying Agents and, for as long as the Notes are Listed Notes (as defined 
below) and the rules of the relevant stock exchange or competent authority so require, any 
stock exchange or competent authority on or by which the Notes are listed or traded and 
to be notified to Noteholders in accordance with Condition 14 as soon as possible after 
their determination but in no event later than the fifth Relevant Business Day thereafter. 
The Interest Amounts and the Interest Payment Date so notified may subsequently be 
amended (or appropriate alternative arrangements made by way of adjustment) without 
notice in the event of an extension or shortening of the Interest Period. If the Notes 
become due and payable under Condition 9, the accrued interest and the Interest Rate in 
respect of the Notes shall nevertheless continue to be calculated and determined as 
previously in accordance with this Condition 6 but no publication of the Interest Rate or the 
Interest Amount so determined and calculated need be made. The Interest Rate and the 
Interest Amount will be notified to the Luxembourg Stock Exchange no later than the first 
day of the relevant Interest Period. 
As used in these Conditions, “Listed Notes” means Notes which are listed on any stock 
exchange. 
(j) 
Replacement of Reference Banks
The Issuer will procure that, so long as any Note remains outstanding, there shall at all 
times be at least four Reference Banks with offices in the Relevant Financial Centre and 
an Interest Calculation Agent if provision is made for them in the Constituting Instrument.  
If any Reference Bank (acting through its relevant office) is unable or unwilling to continue 
to act as a Reference Bank then the Issuer will appoint another Reference Bank with an 
office in the Relevant Financial Centre to act as such in its place.  
(k) 
Replacement of Interest Calculation Agent  
If the Interest Calculation Agent does not at any time for any reason so determine the 
Interest Rate and calculate the Interest Amounts for an Interest Period (as provided in 
Condition 6(h)), it shall forthwith notify the Issuer, the Trustee, the Principal Paying Agent 
and the Swap Counterparty. If the Interest Calculation Agent is unable or unwilling to act 
as such, the Issuer shall notify the Trustee that it intends to appoint a replacement Interest 
Calculation Agent and certify in writing to the Trustee that it has determined that such 
replacement is required pursuant to this Condition 6(k). The Trustee may rely, without 
further enquiry and without liability to any person for so doing, on such certificate. Upon 
receipt of the certificate, the Trustee shall agree to the replacement of the Interest 
Calculation Agent without seeking the consent of the Noteholders, the Couponholders or 
any other party and concur with the Issuer (at the Issuers expense) in effecting the 
replacement of the Interest Calculation Agent (including, inter alia, by the amendment of 
any Series Documents), provided that the Trustee shall not be required to agree to the 
replacement of the Interest Calculation Agent if, in the opinion of the Trustee (acting 
reasonably), the replacement of the Interest Calculation Agent would (i) expose the 
Trustee to any liability against which it has not been indemnified and/or secured and/or

--- Page 92 ---
92
pre-funded to its satisfaction; or (ii) impose more onerous obligations upon it or expose it 
to any additional duties or responsibilities or reduce or amend the protective provisions 
afforded to the Trustee in the Conditions or any Series Document. The Issuer shall 
appoint the London office of a leading bank engaged in the London interbank market to 
act as the replacement Interest Calculation Agent and its determination shall be final and 
binding on the parties. The Interest Calculation Agent may not resign its duties without a 
successor having been appointed as aforesaid. 
 (l) 
Definitions
In these Conditions, unless the context otherwise requires, the following defined terms 
shall have the meaning set out below: 
“Additional Coupon Amount” means such amount or amounts as may be specified as 
the Additional Coupon Amount or Additional Coupon Amounts in the Final Terms or 
Pricing Supplement, as the case may be. 
“Additional Coupon Payment Date” means such date or dates as may be specified as 
the Additional Coupon Payment Date or Additional Coupon Payment Dates in the Final 
Terms or Pricing Supplement, as the case may be. 
“Base Rate” means the rate per annum (expressed as a percentage) specified in, or 
determined in accordance with the provisions in, the Final Terms or Pricing Supplement, 
as the case may be, which may be a fixed rate or a floating rate determined in accordance 
with Condition 6(c).
“Benchmark” means the benchmark as may be specified as the Benchmark in the Final 
Terms or Pricing Supplement, as the case may be (which may include EURIBOR, SONIA, 
SOFR, TONA, ESTR or a CMS). 
“Broken Amount” means the amount specified in the Final Terms or Pricing Supplement, 
as the case may be.
“Calculation Amount” means the amount specified as such in the Final Terms or Pricing 
Supplement, as the case may be, or if no such amount is so specified, the principal 
amount of any Note as shown on the face thereof. 
“CMS” means the constant maturity swap rate specified as such in the Final Terms or 
Pricing Supplement, as the case may be. 
“Day Count Fraction” means, in respect of the calculation of an amount of interest on any 
Note for any period of time (whether or not constituting an Interest Period, the 
“Calculation Period”): 
(i) 
if “Actual/Actual” or “Actual/Actual (ISDA)” is specified, the actual number of 
days in the Calculation Period divided by 365 (or, if any portion of that Calculation 
Period falls in a leap year, the sum of (a) the actual number of days in that portion 
of the Calculation Period falling in a leap year divided by 366 and (b) the actual 
number of days in that portion of the Calculation Period falling in a non-leap year 
divided by 365);

--- Page 93 ---
93
(ii) 
if “Act/365L” is specified, the actual number of days in the Calculation Period 
divided by 365 (or, if the last day of the Calculation Period falls in a leap year, 
divided by 366). 
(iii) 
if “Actual/Actual ICMA” is specified, a fraction equal to “number of days 
accrued/number of days in year”, as such terms are used in Rule 251 of the 
statutes, by-laws, rules and recommendations of the International Capital Market 
Association (the “ICMA Rule Book”), calculated in accordance with Rule 251 of 
the ICMA Rule Book as applied to non US dollar denominated straight and 
convertible bonds issued after December 31, 1998, as though the interest coupon 
on a bond were being calculated for a coupon period corresponding to the 
Calculation Period or Compounding Period in respect of which payment is being 
made; 
(iv) 
if “Actual/365(Fixed)” is specified, the actual number of days in the Calculation 
Period divided by 365; 
(v) 
if “Actual/360” is specified, the actual number of days in the Calculation Period 
divided by 360; 
(vi) 
if “30/360”, “360/360” or “Bond Basis” is specified, the number of days in the 
Calculation Period divided by 360 (the number of days to be calculated on the 
basis of a year of 360 days with 12 30-day months (unless (a) the last day of the 
Calculation Period is the 31st day of a month but the first day of the Calculation 
Period is a day other than the 30th or 31st day of a month, in which case the 
month that includes that last day shall not be considered to be shortened to a 30-
day month; or (b) the last day of the Calculation Period is the last day of the month 
of February, in which case the month of February shall not be considered to be 
lengthened to a 30-day month)); and 
(vii) 
if “30E/360” or “Eurobond Basis” is specified, the number of days in the 
Calculation Period divided by 360 (the number of days to be calculated on the 
basis of a year of 360 days with 12 30-day months, without regard to the date of 
the first day or last day of the Calculation Period unless, in the case of the final 
Calculation Period, the Maturity Date (as defined in Condition 7(a)) is the last day 
of the month of February, in which case the month of February shall not be 
considered to be lengthened to a 30-day month). 
“ESTR” or “EuroSTR” means the euro short-term rate administered by the European 
Central Bank (or any successor administrator). 
“Extra Spread” means the rate per annum (expressed as a percentage) specified in, or 
determined in accordance with the provisions in, the Final Terms or Pricing Supplement, 
as the case may be. 
“EURIBOR” means the Euro-zone interbank offered rate specified as such in the Final 
Terms or Pricing Supplement, as the case may be. 
“Final Rate” means the rate per annum (expressed as a percentage) specified in, or 
determined in accordance with the provisions in, the Final Terms or Pricing Supplement, 
as the case may be, which may be a fixed rate or a floating rate determined in accordance 
with Condition 6(c).

--- Page 94 ---
94
“Fixed Coupon Amount” means the amount specified in the Final Terms or Pricing 
Supplement, as the case may be.
“Initial Rate” means the rate per annum (expressed as a percentage) specified in, or 
determined in accordance with the provisions in, the Final Terms or Pricing Supplement, 
as the case may be, which may be a fixed rate or a floating rate determined in accordance 
with Condition 6(c). 
“Interest Accrual Date” means such date or dates as may be specified as the Interest 
Accrual Dates in the Final Terms or Pricing Supplement, as the case may be.
“Interest Amount” means the amount of interest payable in respect of each Authorised 
Denomination for the relevant Interest Period. 
“Interest Basis Change Date” means such date or dates as may be specified as the 
Interest Basis Change Date or Interest Basis Change Dates in the Final Terms or Pricing 
Supplement, as the case may be. 
“Interest Commencement Date” means the Issue Date or such other date as may be 
specified as the Interest Commencement Date in the Final Terms or Pricing Supplement, 
as the case may be. 
“Interest Determination Date” means, in respect of any Interest Period, the date 
specified as the Interest Determination Date in the Final Terms or Pricing Supplement, as 
the case may be, or, if none is so specified, the day falling two Relevant Business Days 
prior to the commencement thereof. 
“Interest Payment Date” means the date or dates specified as the date(s) for the 
payment of interest in the Final Terms or Pricing Supplement, as the case may be, and on 
the face of any definitive Note. 
“Interest Period” means: 
(1) 
if “Adjusted Interest Periods” are specified as being applicable in the Final Terms 
or Pricing Supplement, as the case may be, the period beginning on (and including) 
the Interest Commencement Date and ending on (but excluding) the first Interest 
Payment Date and each successive period beginning on (and including) an 
Interest Payment Date and ending on (but excluding) the next succeeding Interest 
Payment Date; and 
(2) 
if “Unadjusted Interest Periods” are specified as being applicable in the Final 
Terms or Pricing Supplement, as the case may be, the period beginning on (and 
including) the Interest Commencement Date and ending on (but excluding) the first 
Interest Accrual Date and each successive period beginning on (and including) an 
Interest Accrual Date and ending on (but excluding) the next succeeding Interest 
Accrual Date. 
“Interest Rate” means the rate of interest payable from time to time in respect of a Note 
(subject to Condition 6(g)) and which is either specified in, or calculated in accordance 
with the provisions of, Condition 6 and the Final Terms or Pricing Supplement, as the case 
may be.

--- Page 95 ---
95
“Issue Date” means, in the case of the issue of a Note or Notes of a Series, the date of 
issue of such Note or Notes as specified in the Final Terms or Pricing Supplement, as the 
case may be. 
“Redemption Amount” means, in relation to any Note, as the context may require, the 
Scheduled Redemption Amount, Early Redemption Amount, Noteholder Optional 
Redemption Amount or Issuer Optional Redemption Amount. 
“Reference Banks” means the institutions specified as Reference Banks in the Final 
Terms or Pricing Supplement, as the case may be. 
“Reference Rate” means, for a Series, any index, benchmark or price source by reference 
to which any amount payable under the Notes of that Series is determined. To the extent 
that any index, benchmark or price source referred to in the Priority Fallback or a 
Replacement Reference Rate applies in respect of a Series, it shall be a “Reference Rate” 
for that Series from the day on which it first applies.
“Relevant Business Day” means a day on which commercial banks are open for 
business (including dealings in foreign exchange and foreign currency deposits) in the 
Relevant Financial Centre and (in the case of Notes denominated in Euro) a day on which 
the Trans-European Automated Real-time Gross Settlement Express Transfer payment 
system which was launched on 19 November 2007 (“TARGET2”) or any successor 
thereto (the “TARGET System”) is open. 
“Relevant Financial Centre” means London (if the relevant Benchmark is SONIA) or 
Brussels (if the relevant Benchmark is EURIBOR) or New York (if the relevant Benchmark 
is SOFR) or Tokyo (if the relevant Benchmark is TONA) or (in the case of Notes, the 
Interest Rate in respect of which is to be calculated by reference to some other 
Benchmark) the financial centre specified in the Final Terms or Pricing Supplement, as the 
case may be, or, if no such centre is so specified, the financial centre determined by the 
Interest Calculation Agent to be appropriate to such Benchmark. 
“Relevant Rate” means: 
(1) 
an offered rate in the case of a Note the Benchmark for which relates to an offered 
rate; 
(2) 
a bid rate in the case of a Note the Benchmark for which relates to a bid rate; and 
(3) 
the mean of an offered and bid rate in the case of a Note the Benchmark for which 
relates to the mean of an offered and bid rate. 
“Relevant Time” means the local time in the Relevant Financial Centre at which the 
Interest Calculation Agent determines that it is customary to determine bid and offered 
rates in respect of Euro-currency deposits in the currency in question in the interbank 
market in that Relevant Financial Centre. 
“Secured Creditor” means each person to whom moneys may now or in the future be 
applied in accordance with Clause 8.20 of the Master Trust Terms (as may be amended 
by the Constituting Instrument in respect of a Series of Notes). 
“SOFR” means the Secured Overnight Financing Rate administered by the Federal 
Reserve Bank of New York (or any successor administrator).

--- Page 96 ---
96
“SONIA” means the Sterling Overnight Index Average rate administered by the Bank of 
England (or any successor administrator).
“Spread” means the percentage rate per annum specified in the Final Terms or Pricing 
Supplement, as the case may be, as being applicable to a Note. 
“Spread Multiplier” means the percentage specified in the Final Terms or Pricing 
Supplement, as the case may be, as being applicable to the interest rate for a Note. 
“Step-down Date” means the date or dates specified in the Final Terms or Pricing 
Supplement, as the case may be. 
“Step-down Rate” means the rate per annum (expressed as a percentage) specified in, or 
determined in accordance with the provisions in, the Final Terms or Pricing Supplement, 
as the case may be. 
“Step-up Date” means the date or dates specified in the Final Terms or Pricing 
Supplement, as the case may be. 
“Step-up Rate” means the rate per annum (expressed as a percentage) specified in, or 
determined in accordance with the provisions in, the Final Terms or Pricing Supplement, 
as the case may be. 
“TONA” means the Tokyo Overnight Average Rate administered by the Bank of Japan (or 
any successor administrator). 
“Trigger Condition” is satisfied to the extent that the Reference Rate on the relevant 
Trigger Event Date as specified in the Final Terms or Pricing Supplement, as the case 
may be, is either: 
(1) 
lower than the Trigger Rate; or 
(2) 
higher than the Trigger Rate. 
“Trigger Event Date” means such date or dates as may be specified as the Trigger Event 
Date or the Trigger Event Dates in the Final Terms or Pricing Supplement, as the case 
may be. 
“Trigger Rate” means the rate per annum (expressed as a percentage) specified in, or 
determined in accordance with the provisions in, the Final Terms or Pricing Supplement, 
as the case may be. 
7. 
Redemption, Purchase and Exchange
(a) 
Final redemption
Unless previously redeemed or purchased and cancelled as provided below, each Note 
(other than an Interest Only Note) will be redeemed at its Scheduled Redemption Amount 
(as defined in Condition 7(f)(1)) on the date specified as the Maturity Date in the Final 
Terms or Pricing Supplement, as the case may be (the “Maturity Date”). Unless otherwise 
stated in the Final Terms or Pricing Supplement, as the case may be, no Scheduled 
Redemption Amount will be payable on an Interest Only Note.

--- Page 97 ---
97
(b) 
Mandatory redemption
If: 
(1) 
if “Charged Assets Acceleration” is specified as being applicable in the Final Terms 
or Pricing Supplement, as the case may be, and any of the Charged Assets in 
respect of a Series or any amounts outstanding thereunder become due and 
repayable (in whole or in part) prior to their stated date of maturity or other date or 
dates for their payment or repayment; 
(2) 
if “Charged Assets Payment Default” is specified as being applicable in the Final 
Terms or Pricing Supplement, as the case may be, and there is a payment default 
in respect of the Charged Assets after the expiration of any grace period applicable 
to such Charged Assets (as provided for in the terms and conditions of the 
Charged Assets as at the date such Charged Assets become a Charged Asset); or 
(3) 
if “Charged Assets Termination” is specified as being applicable in the Final Terms 
or Pricing Supplement, as the case may be, and the Charged Assets comprise any 
agreement of the type contemplated in the definition herein of Charged Agreement 
and such agreement is terminated by any party thereto, in each case whether or 
not by reason of an event of default (howsoever described) thereunder; or 
(4)  
any other event as may be specified as an “Additional Mandatory Redemption 
Event” in the Constituting Instrument has occurred, 
(in each case a “Mandatory Redemption Event”) 
then the Swap Counterparty may upon becoming aware of any such event or 
circumstance give notice thereof to the Issuer and the Trustee and the Notes shall 
become due and repayable as provided by Condition 7(f). The Issuer shall give notice to 
the Noteholders in accordance with Condition 14 and to the Swap Counterparty that the 
Notes will become due and repayable in accordance with Condition 7(f) as soon as 
reasonably practicable after the Issuer receives notice from the Swap Counterparty of the 
occurrence of the relevant event or circumstance. Any failure or delay by the Swap 
Counterparty to serve the notice referred to above shall not constitute a waiver of the 
Swap Counterparty’s right to serve such a notice in respect of the relevant event or 
circumstance or in respect of any other event or circumstance. 
(c) 
Redemption on termination of Charged Agreement
(1) 
If any Charged Agreement is terminated (in whole but not in part and other than in 
consequence of Condition 7(s) or Condition 7(t) or in connection with a redemption 
of Notes pursuant to Condition 7(b), Condition 7(d), Condition 7(g), Condition 7(h), 
Condition 7(i), Condition 7(j) or Condition 9 or save where the Conditions provide 
otherwise) for any reason, then the Issuer or the Swap Counterparty (if any) (as 
the case may be) shall promptly give notice to the Trustee and the Swap 
Counterparty (if any) or the Issuer (as the case may be) and the Notes shall 
become due and repayable as provided by Condition 7(f) (unless otherwise 
specified in the relevant Constituting Instrument). The Issuer shall give notice to 
the Noteholders in accordance with Condition 14 that the Notes will become due 
and repayable in accordance with Condition 7(f) (unless otherwise specified in the 
relevant Constituting Instrument) as soon as reasonably practicable after 
becoming aware of such event or circumstance.

--- Page 98 ---
98
(2) 
If “Swap Counterparty Novation” is specified as being applicable in the Final Terms 
or Pricing Supplement, as the case may be, and (i) an event of default with respect 
to the Charged Agreement occurs where the Swap Counterparty is the defaulting 
party; or (ii) a termination event with respect to the Charged Agreement occurs 
where the Swap Counterparty is the sole affected party. The Swap Counterparty 
shall (if “Noteholder Novation Consent” is specified as being applicable in the Final 
Terms or Pricing Supplement, as the case may be, subject to the Noteholders 
consenting to such replacement by an Extraordinary Resolution (or by a Written 
Resolution)) attempt to transfer its rights and obligations to a replacement swap 
counterparty (such that the replacement Charged Agreement has economic terms 
no less beneficial to the Issuer than the Charged Agreement) within the Swap 
Replacement Period and in the event that no replacement swap counterparty 
enters into such a replacement Charged Agreement with the Issuer having 
economic terms no less beneficial for the Issuer itself within the Swap 
Replacement Period the Issuer shall terminate the Charged Agreement and the 
Issuer shall promptly give notice to the Trustee and the Swap Counterparty and 
the Notes shall become due and repayable as provided by Condition 7(f) (unless 
otherwise specified in the relevant Constituting Instrument or unless so requested 
by an Extraordinary Resolution of the Noteholders). The Issuer shall give notice to 
the Noteholders in accordance with Condition 14 that the Notes will become due 
and repayable in accordance with Condition 7(f) (unless otherwise specified in the 
relevant Constituting Instrument) as soon as reasonably practicable after 
becoming aware of such event or circumstance. 
For these purposes, “Swap Replacement Period” shall be period containing the 
number of Business Days specified in the Final Terms or Pricing Supplement, as 
the case may be, commencing on the date on which the relevant Event of Default 
or termination event, as applicable, occurred. 
(d) 
Redemption for taxation
(1) 
If this Condition 7(d) is specified as being applicable in the Final Terms or Pricing 
Supplement, as the case may be, and (i) the Issuer, on the occasion of the next 
payment due in respect of the Notes, would be required by any new law, whose 
application date falls after the Issue Date to withhold or account for tax; (ii) the 
Issuer would suffer tax in respect of its income (including, where applicable, 
pursuant to laws requiring the deduction or withholding for, or on account of, any 
tax, duty or other charge whatsoever or pursuant to an agreement described in 
Section 1471(b) of the Code or otherwise imposed pursuant to Sections 1471 
through 1474 of the Code and any regulations or agreements thereunder or official 
interpretations thereof) so that the Issuer would be unable to make payment of the 
full amount due; or (iii) an Issuer Swap Tax Gross Up Event occurs (in each case 
an “Adverse Tax Event”), the Swap Counterparty shall upon becoming aware of 
any such event or circumstance give notice thereof to the Issuer and the Trustee. 
For these purposes: 
“Issuer Swap Tax Gross Up Event” means the Issuer is required to pay any 
additional amount to the Swap Counterparty under the Charged Agreement in 
respect of any Swap Counterparty Tax Gross Up Amount received by the 
Issuer from the Swap Counterparty under the Charged Agreement.

--- Page 99 ---
99
“Swap Counterparty Tax Gross Up Amount” means any additional amount 
or increase in amount paid by the Swap Counterparty to the Issuer under the 
Charged Agreement in respect of any deduction or withholding for or on 
account of tax which the Swap Counterparty is required by law to make from 
any payments by the Swap Counterparty to the Issuer under the Charged 
Agreement. 
(2) 
If this Condition 7(d)(2) is specified as being applicable in the Final Terms or 
Pricing Supplement, as the case may be, and an Adverse Tax Event occurs, then 
during the applicable ATE Grace Period (and subject to Conditions 7(d)(4) and (5)) 
the Issuer shall use all reasonable endeavours to: 
(a) 
arrange the substitution of a company incorporated in another jurisdiction 
(approved in writing by the Trustee, the Swap Counterparty (if any) and 
notified by the Issuer to each Rating Agency that has rated the relevant 
Series of Notes and provided that if S&P is such a Rating Agency, S&P 
shall have confirmed that the rating of the relevant Series of Notes will not 
be adversely affected, as the principal debtor) in respect of which such 
Adverse Tax Event will not arise; and/or 
(b) 
to discuss a restructuring of the Conditions of the Notes with the Trustee 
and the Authorised Representative (if any) (including, without limitation, 
discussions as to amending the payment obligations under the Notes 
and/or the Charged Agreement or any other agreement entered into 
pursuant to the Constituting Instrument to address the Adverse Tax Event.). 
If on or before the ATE Grace Period End Date the Issuer has not been able to 
arrange such substitution and/or such a restructuring approved in writing by any 
Authorised Representative has not occurred, then the Issuer shall forthwith give 
notice to the Trustee and the Notes shall become due and repayable as provided 
by Condition 7(f)(2) (unless otherwise specified in the relevant Constituting 
Instrument or unless the Notes have already become due and repayable pursuant 
to a request by Extraordinary Resolution of the Noteholders pursuant to Condition 
7(d)(4) below). The Issuer shall give notice to the Noteholders in accordance with 
Condition 14 that the Notes are due and repayable in accordance with Condition 
7(f)(2). 
For these purposes: 
“ATE Grace Period” means, in respect of an Adverse Tax Event, the period 
beginning on the date of the occurrence of such Adverse Tax Event (the “ATE 
Grace Period Start Date”) and ending on the date falling on the earlier to occur of 
(a) 3 months following the ATE Grace Period Start Date; and (b) the Relevant 
Business Day immediately prior to the Maturity Date (the “ATE Grace Period End 
Date”); and 
“Authorised Representative” means any person appointed in writing by the 
holder(s) of not less than 90 per cent. of the outstanding principal amount of the 
Notes and notified to the Issuer, the Swap Counterparty and the Trustee. 
(3) 
If this Condition 7(d)(3) is specified as being applicable in the Final Terms or 
Pricing Supplement, as the case may be, and an Adverse Tax Event occurs, then 
(subject to Conditions 7(d)(4) and (5)) prior to the date on which the next payment

--- Page 100 ---
100
is due in respect of the Notes the Issuer shall use all reasonable endeavours to 
arrange the substitution of a company incorporated in another jurisdiction 
(approved in writing by the Trustee, the Swap Counterparty (if any) and notified by 
the Issuer to each Rating Agency that has rated the relevant Series of Notes and 
provided that if S&P is such a Rating Agency, S&P shall have confirmed that the 
rating of the relevant Series of Notes will not be adversely affected, as the principal 
debtor) in respect of which such Adverse Tax Event will not arise. 
If on or before the next payment is due in respect of the Notes the Issuer has not 
been able to arrange such substitution, then the Issuer shall forthwith, to the extent 
that it is able to do so, make any applicable withholding or deduction for or on 
account of tax from the amounts payable to each Noteholder or the amounts 
payable to each Noteholder shall be reduced pro-rata by the amount of tax 
suffered by the Issuer in respect of its income, as the case may be. Any such 
deduction shall not constitute an Event of Default under Condition 9 (Events of 
Default). If the Issuer is unable to apply the relevant withholding, deduction or 
reduction in amount payable to Noteholders, or if the Issuer is obliged to reduce 
the Scheduled Redemption Amount following an Adverse Tax Event, then the 
Issuer shall forthwith give notice to the Trustee and to the Noteholders and, unless 
the Noteholders request that the Notes shall not become due and repayable by an 
Extraordinary Resolution by no later than the tenth Business Day following the day 
on which the Issuer’s notice is given, the Notes shall become due and repayable in 
the amount specified in Condition 7(f)(2) (unless otherwise specified in the relevant 
Constituting Instrument or unless so requested by an Extraordinary Resolution of 
the Noteholders). The Issuer shall give notice to the Noteholders in accordance 
with Condition 14 that the Notes are due and repayable in the amount specified in 
Condition 7(f)(2). 
(4) 
Notwithstanding the requirement for the Issuer to use all reasonable endeavours to 
arrange the substitution of another company, as provided in Condition 7(d)(2)(a) or 
7(d)(3), and/or discuss a restructuring of the Conditions of the Notes, as provided 
in Condition 7(d)(2)(b), the Trustee (if so requested by an Extraordinary Resolution 
of the Noteholders) may at any time after an Adverse Tax Event has occurred, 
determine on behalf of the Noteholders, and give notice to the Issuer that the 
Notes shall become due and payable in the amount specified in Condition 7(f)(2). 
The Notes shall become due and payable upon such notification being made by 
the Trustee and the Issuer shall forthwith give notice to the Noteholders (in 
accordance with Condition 14) and the Swap Counterparty of the same. 
(5) 
Notwithstanding the foregoing, if any of the taxes referred to in this Condition 7(d) 
arises:  
(a) 
owing to the connection of any Noteholder or Receiptholder or 
Couponholder with the taxing jurisdiction in which the Issuer is incorporated, 
any taxing jurisdiction in which the Issuer is resident for tax purposes or 
other relevant taxing jurisdiction (including any jurisdiction in or through 
which payment is made or any jurisdiction which has a political, taxation or 
other relevant agreement, union or federation with the jurisdiction in or 
through which payment is made) otherwise than by reason only of the 
holding of any Note or Receipt or Coupon or receiving principal or interest 
in respect thereof; or

--- Page 101 ---
101
(b) 
by reason of the failure by the relevant Noteholder or Receiptholders or 
Couponholder to comply with any applicable procedures required to 
establish non-residence or other similar claim for exemption from such tax,  
then, to the extent it is able to do so, the Issuer shall deduct such taxes from the 
amounts payable to such Noteholder or Receiptholder or Couponholder but this 
shall not affect the rights of the other Noteholders and Receiptholders or 
Couponholders (if any) hereunder. Any such deduction shall not constitute an 
Event of Default under Condition 9. 
(6) 
In the event that Part 5.8(A) of the Charged Agreement is specified as being 
applicable in the Constituting Instrument, following the occurrence of any Adverse 
Tax Event as a result of the occurrence of an Issuer Swap Tax Gross Up Event, 
and provided that a Mandatory Redemption Event has not occurred, then in 
respect of: (i) the first Interest Payment Date following a Swap Tax Event Grace 
Period End Date (as defined in the Charged Agreement) in respect of a Swap Tax 
Event Grace Period (as defined in the Charged Agreement), in which the Swap 
Counterparty has paid a Swap Counterparty Tax Gross Up Amount to the Issuer 
pursuant to the Charged Agreement; and (ii) on each subsequent Interest Payment 
Date, where the Cumulative Balance of pending Note Deduction for Issuer Swap 
Gross Up Amounts is more than zero: 
(a) 
if the Cumulative Balance of pending Note Deduction for Issuer Swap 
Gross Up Amounts in respect of that Issuer Swap Tax Gross Up Event is 
less than or equal to the Interest Amount due in respect of the Notes, then 
such Interest Amount shall be reduced by the whole of such Cumulative 
Balance of pending Note Deduction for Issuer Swap Gross Up Amounts, 
and accordingly the Cumulative Balance of pending Note Deduction for 
Issuer Swap Gross Up Amounts shall be reduced to zero; or 
(b) 
if the Cumulative Balance of pending Note Deduction for Issuer Swap 
Gross Up Amounts in respect of that Issuer Swap Tax Gross Up Event is 
more than the Interest Amount due in respect of each Note, then the 
Interest Amount payable by the Issuer on the Notes on such Interest 
Payment Date shall be reduced to zero and such Cumulative Balance shall 
be reduced by the amount of such reduction in Interest Amount. 
For these purposes: 
the “Cumulative Balance” of pending Note Deduction for Issuer Swap Gross Up 
Amounts in respect of an Issuer Swap Tax Gross Up Event means, at any time, a 
cumulative balance which begins at zero at the start of such Issuer Swap Tax 
Gross Up Event, and is: 
(A) 
increased by the amount of any Swap Counterparty Tax Gross Up Amount 
received by the Issuer from the Swap Counterparty under the Charged 
Agreement on or before such time; and 
(B) 
increased by accruing interest on any positive value of such cumulative 
balance from time to time at EONIA Rate, calculated and compounded 
daily; and

--- Page 102 ---
102
(C) 
reduced by the amount of any Note Deduction for Issuer Gross Up Amount 
applied pursuant to Condition 7(d)(6)(a) or (b) to reduce Interest Amounts
in respect of Interest Payment Dates up to such time. 
“Note Deduction for Issuer Swap Gross Up Amount” means, in respect of any 
Interest Payment Date following the occurrence of any Adverse Tax Event as a 
result of the occurrence of an Issuer Swap Tax Gross Up Event the amount by 
which payments under the Notes are to be reduced in respect of such Issuer Swap 
Tax Gross Up Event, being  an amount equal to the additional amount payable by 
the Issuer to the Swap Counterparty under the Charged Agreement in respect of 
that Interest Payment Date. 
(e) 
Early redemption of Zero Coupon Notes
The provisions of this Condition 7(e) shall apply to any Note in respect of which the 
Amortisation Yield and Day Count Fraction are specified in the Final Terms or Pricing 
Supplement, as the case may be. 
(1) 
The amount payable in respect of any Zero Coupon Note upon redemption of such 
Note pursuant to Condition 7(b), Condition 7(c), if applicable, Condition 7(d), if 
applicable, Condition 7(g) or if applicable, Condition 7(h) or upon its becoming due 
and payable as provided in Condition 9 shall be the Amortised Face Amount 
(calculated as provided below) of such Note. References in these Conditions to 
“principal” or “Early Redemption Amount” or “Issuer Optional Redemption 
Amount” or “Noteholder Optional Redemption Amount” in the case of Zero 
Coupon Notes shall be deemed to include references to “Amortised Face 
Amount” where the context permits. 
(2) 
Subject to the provisions of Condition 7(e)(3) below, the Amortised Face Amount of 
any Zero Coupon Note shall be the Scheduled Redemption Amount of such Note 
on the Maturity Date discounted at a rate per annum (expressed as a percentage) 
equal to the Amortisation Yield specified in the Final Terms or Pricing Supplement, 
as the case may be, compounded annually. Where such calculation is made for a 
period of less than one year, it shall be made on the basis of the Day Count 
Fraction specified in the Final Terms or Pricing Supplement, as the case may be. 
(3) 
If the amount payable in respect of any Zero Coupon Note upon redemption of 
such Note pursuant to Condition 7(b), Condition 7(c), if applicable, Condition 7(d), 
if applicable, Condition 7(g) or if applicable, Condition 7(h) or upon its becoming 
due and payable as provided in Condition 9 is not paid when due, the amount due 
and payable in respect of such Note shall be the Amortised Face Amount of such 
Note as calculated in accordance with Condition 7(e)(2), except that such sub-
paragraph shall have effect as though the reference therein to the Maturity Date 
were replaced by a reference to the date (the “Relevant Date”) which is the earlier 
of: 
(a) 
the date on which all amounts due in respect of the Note have been paid; 
and 
(b) 
the date on which the full amount of the moneys payable has been received 
by the Trustee or the Principal Paying Agent, in the case of Bearer Notes, 
or the Registrar, in the case of Registered Notes, and notice to that effect 
has been given to holders in accordance with the provisions of Condition 14.

--- Page 103 ---
103
The calculation of the Amortised Face Amount will continue to be made (as well 
after as before judgment) until the Relevant Date unless the Relevant Date falls on 
or after the Maturity Date, in which case the amount due and payable shall be the 
principal amount of such Note together with any interest which may accrue in 
accordance with Condition 6(d). 
(f) 
Redemption amount of Notes
(1) 
The amount payable upon redemption of each Note (other than an Interest Only 
Note) on the Maturity Date in accordance with Condition 7(a) (the “Scheduled 
Redemption Amount”) shall be 100 per cent. of its Calculation Amount or such 
other Scheduled Redemption Amount as may be specified in the applicable Final 
Terms or Pricing Supplement, as the case may be.
(2) 
Subject as provided by Condition 7(e) and unless the Constituting Instrument 
provides otherwise, the amount payable upon redemption of each Note pursuant to 
the paragraph headed “Alternative procedures” of Condition 1(b)(3), Condition 7(b), 
Condition 7(c), Condition 7(d), Condition 7(h), Condition 7(i)  or Condition 7(j) or 
upon its becoming due and payable as provided in Condition 9 shall be the amount 
determined by the Trustee or, where applicable, the Determination Agent to be the 
amount available for redemption of such Note by applying the portion available to 
the Noteholders pursuant to Condition 4(d) (or as it may be amended or replaced 
by the Constituting Instrument) of the net proceeds of enforcement of the security 
in accordance with Condition 4 pari passu and rateably to the Notes (such amount 
being the “Early Redemption Amount”). No interest shall be payable in addition 
to the Early Redemption Amount except interest which was due and payable prior 
to the Early Redemption Date (as defined below). Unless otherwise set out in the 
Constituting Instrument, no Early Redemption Amount shall be payable in respect 
of an Interest Only Note. 
(3) 
Unless the Constituting Instrument provides otherwise, upon the date on which the 
Issuer gives notice to the Noteholders that the Notes will become due and 
repayable pursuant to the paragraph headed “Alternative procedures” of Condition 
1(b)(3), Condition 7(b), Condition 7(c), Condition 7(d), Condition 7(h), Condition 7(i)  
or Condition 7(j), the security constituted by the relevant Constituting Instrument 
shall become enforceable (in the case of any redemption under Condition 1(b)(3) 
to the extent applicable to the portion of the Notes to be redeemed) and the 
provisions of Condition 4(a) and Condition 4(c) shall thereafter apply. Upon receipt 
of the proceeds (if any) of realisation of the Collateral following such enforcement, 
the Trustee shall give notice to the Noteholders in accordance with Condition 14 of 
the date on which each Note shall be redeemed at its Early Redemption Amount 
(the “Early Redemption Date”). 
(4) 
The Final Terms or Pricing Supplement, as the case may be, shall, where 
appropriate, specify the name of the Determination Agent appointed to determine 
the Early Redemption Amount. The Issuer will procure that, so long as any Note 
remains outstanding, there shall at all times be a Determination Agent if provision 
is made for the same in the Constituting Instrument. 
The Determination Agent will, on such date as the Determination Agent may be 
required to calculate any Early Redemption Amount, if required to be calculated, 
cause such Early Redemption Amount to be notified to the Trustee, the Principal 
Paying Agent, or, in the case of Registered Notes, the Registrar, and each of the

--- Page 104 ---
104
Paying Agents and to be notified to Noteholders in accordance with Condition 14 
as soon as possible after its calculation but in no event later than the first Relevant 
Business Day thereafter. Any calculation of the Early Redemption Amount 
(whether by the Determination Agent or the Trustee) shall (in the absence of 
manifest error) be final and binding upon all parties. 
If the Determination Agent is unable or unwilling to act as such, the Issuer will, with 
the prior written consent of the Trustee, appoint the London office of a leading 
bank engaged in the London interbank market to act as such in its place. The 
Determination Agent may not resign its duties without a successor having been 
appointed as aforesaid. 
(5) 
If any Maximum or Minimum Redemption Amount is specified in the Final Terms or 
Pricing Supplement, as the case may be, then the Early Redemption Amount shall 
in no event exceed the maximum or, subject as provided in Condition 7(f)(2) and 
Condition 10, be less than the minimum so specified. 
(6) 
If it is specified in the applicable Final Terms or Pricing Supplement, as the case 
may be, that this Condition 7(f)(6) applies and if the Final Terms or Pricing 
Supplement, as the case may be, specify the name of a Determination Agent: 
(a) 
the Issuer may, if “Optional Redemption in Kind” is specified as being 
applicable in the applicable Final Terms or Pricing Supplement, as the case 
may be; or 
(b) 
the Issuer shall, if “Mandatory Redemption in Kind” is specified as being 
applicable in the applicable Final Terms or Pricing Supplement, as the case 
may be, 
satisfy its obligations to the Noteholders to pay the Scheduled Redemption Amount 
or any Early Redemption Amount or any Noteholder Optional Redemption Amount 
(as defined in Condition 7(g)(1)) or any Issuer Optional Redemption Amount (as 
defined in Condition 7(g)(2)) in respect of each Note by delivery to the relevant 
Noteholder of the Attributable Charged Assets (as defined below). If “Credit 
Support Inclusive” is specified as being applicable in the Final Terms or Pricing 
Supplement, as the case may be, and Condition 7(f)(6) applies, for such purpose, 
“Attributable Charged Assets” shall include any credit support delivered to the 
Issuer pursuant to any credit support document entered into pursuant to the 
Charged Agreement (to the extent not redelivered to the Swap Counterparty in 
accordance with the Charged Agreement and the relevant credit support 
document). 
In such case, the Issuer will procure that the Custodian will, subject to receipt by it 
of a confirmation from the Principal Paying Agent or Registrar (as relevant) of any 
termination payment payable to or by the Issuer from or to each Swap 
Counterparty (if any) on termination of the Charged Agreement (if any) subject to 
the terms and conditions of the Charged Assets and to all applicable laws, 
regulations and directives and to payment by the relevant Noteholder(s) of any 
costs and expenses (including stamp duty or other tax) involved, deliver the 
Attributable Charged Assets, or shall procure that the Attributable Charged Assets 
are delivered, to each relevant Noteholder (free and clear of all charges, liens and 
other encumbrances but together with the benefit of all rights and entitlements 
attaching thereto at any time after the date of delivery) on the date specified in the

--- Page 105 ---
105
applicable Final Terms or Pricing Supplement, as the case may be (the “Delivery 
Date”). 
In order to receive delivery of the relevant amount of Attributable Charged Assets, 
each Noteholder shall, on or prior to the Delivery Date, supply to the Custodian 
such evidence of the aggregate principal amount of the Notes held by such 
Noteholder as the Custodian may require. The following shall constitute evidence 
satisfactory to the Custodian: 
(a) 
if the Notes are in definitive form, all unmatured Coupons appertaining to 
such Note(s) (or an indemnity from each Noteholder in respect of any 
unmatured Coupons not so surrendered as the Issuer may require); or 
(b) 
in the case of Notes in global form, a certificate or other document issued 
by Euroclear or Clearstream, Luxembourg or the Alternative Clearing 
System as to the principal amount of the Notes standing to the credit of the 
account of the Noteholder in question and confirming that such Noteholder 
has undertaken to Euroclear or Clearstream, Luxembourg or the Alternative 
Clearing System expressly for the benefit of the Issuer that it will not sell, 
transfer or otherwise dispose of its Notes (or any of them) or any interest 
therein at any time on or prior to the Delivery Date, 
together with, in either case, confirmation from the Principal Paying Agent or the 
Paying Agent or the Registrar (as relevant) that the Noteholder has surrendered to 
it the relevant Notes. 
On receipt of such evidence by the Custodian, the relevant amount of Attributable 
Charged Assets shall (subject as aforesaid) be delivered to such Noteholder or to 
such account with Euroclear or Clearstream, Luxembourg or the Alternative 
Clearing System as will be specified in the delivery instructions given in the 
manner set out below. Any stamp duty or other tax and any other costs and 
expenses payable in respect of the transfer of such Attributable Charged Assets 
shall be the responsibility of, and payable by, the relevant Noteholder. 
A holder of Notes in definitive form, at the same time as surrendering such Notes 
together with, if applicable, all unmatured Coupons appertaining thereto, to the 
Principal Paying Agent (in the case of Bearer Notes) or the Registrar (in the case 
of Registered Notes), shall specify to the Principal Paying Agent or the Registrar 
(as applicable) its instructions concerning the delivery to it, or any nominee of it, of 
the relevant amount of Attributable Charged Assets to which it is entitled and the 
Principal Paying Agent or Registrar (as applicable) shall forthwith notify the 
Custodian and each Swap Counterparty (if any) of such instructions. 
A holder of Notes in global form shall notify the Custodian of its instructions 
concerning the delivery to it, or any nominee of it, of the relevant amount of 
Attributable Charged Assets to which it is entitled, which instructions will, for the 
avoidance of doubt, be included in any notice given to the Custodian by Euroclear 
or Clearstream, Luxembourg in accordance with the provisions above and the 
Custodian shall forthwith notify the Swap Counterparty of such instructions. 
As used herein “Attributable Charged Assets” shall be the proportion of Charged 
Assets (rounded to the nearest whole number) as equals the proportion which 
each Noteholder’s holding of Notes bears to the total principal amount outstanding

--- Page 106 ---
106
of the Notes as calculated by the Determination Agent in the manner and on the 
date specified in the applicable Constituting Instrument. If the amount of 
Attributable Charged Assets to be delivered to a Noteholder is not divisible by the 
minimum denomination of such Charged Assets, the amount of Attributable 
Charged Assets to be delivered to such Noteholder shall be rounded down to the 
nearest whole multiple of such minimum denomination. Any determination of the 
Attributable Charged Assets to which a Noteholder is entitled by the Custodian 
shall be final and binding on all parties. 
The net sums (if any) realised upon the security becoming enforceable on the early 
redemption of the Notes pursuant to the Conditions (including Condition 7(b) and 
7(c) above) may be insufficient to pay all the amounts due to each Swap 
Counterparty (if any) and to pay to the Noteholders amounts equal to the Scheduled 
Redemption Amount and the interest which would otherwise accrue to the date of 
redemption. In such event, any shortfall shall be borne by the Noteholders and by 
each Swap Counterparty (if any) and any other persons entitled to the benefit of the 
security pursuant to the Constituting Instrument in the inverse of the order of 
priority specified in the Constituting Instrument, and the Early Redemption Amount 
will reflect such shortfall in the case of the Noteholders. None of the Trustee, the 
holder of the issued share capital of the Issuer, the Administrator, any Swap 
Counterparty, the Arranger, the Dealers or any other person has any obligation to 
any Noteholders for payment of any amount by the Issuer in respect of the Notes or 
Receipts or Coupons (if any). 
(g) 
Redemption at the option of the Noteholders or the Issuer
(1) 
Noteholder option 
If this Condition 7(g)(1) is stated by the Final Terms or Pricing Supplement, as the 
case may be, to be applicable, the Issuer shall, subject to compliance with all 
relevant laws, regulations and directives, (a) at the option of the holder of any Note, 
redeem such Note or (b) at the option of the Authorised Representative (if any), 
acting with the consent of, and on behalf of, the Noteholders holding in aggregate 
100 per cent. of the outstanding principal amount of the Notes (the “Authorised 
Representative”), redeem the Notes in whole or in part, on the date or dates 
specified for such purpose in the Final Terms or Pricing Supplement, as the case 
may be, at its outstanding principal amount or such other amount as may be 
specified in the Final Terms or Pricing Supplement, as the case may be, or the 
amount calculated on the basis specified in Final Terms or Pricing Supplement, as 
the case may be, as being the applicable redemption amount or the applicable 
basis of determining the redemption amount pursuant to this Condition 7(g)(1) 
(such amount being the “Noteholder Optional Redemption Amount”), together 
with interest accrued to the date fixed for redemption, provided however that if 
“Optional Redemption in Kind” or “Mandatory Redemption in Kind” are specified as 
being applicable in the applicable Final Terms or Pricing Supplement, as the case 
may be, the provisions of Condition 7(f)(6) shall apply. 
To exercise such option the relevant holder, or, if applicable, the Authorised 
Representative shall procure that all the Noteholders, as the case may be, must 
deposit the relevant Note with any Paying Agent (in the case of Bearer Notes) or 
the Registrar or any Transfer Agent (in the case of Registered Notes) at their 
respective specified offices, together with a duly completed notice of redemption 
(“Redemption Notice”) in the form obtainable from any Paying Agent (in the case

--- Page 107 ---
107
of Bearer Notes) or from the Registrar or any Transfer Agent (in the case of 
Registered Notes) not more than 60 nor less than 30 days prior to the relevant 
date for redemption and provided that, in the case of any Note represented by a 
Global Note or a Global Registered Certificate registered in the name of a nominee 
for Euroclear or Clearstream, Luxembourg or an Alternative Clearing System, the 
Noteholder must deliver such Redemption Notice together with an authority to 
Euroclear or Clearstream, Luxembourg or the relevant Alternative Clearing System 
(in each case, as appropriate) to debit such Noteholder’s account accordingly and 
provided that, in the case of any Note represented by a Global Registered 
Certificate registered in the name of any other person, the Noteholder must deliver 
such Redemption Notice together with an instruction to such person to amend its 
records accordingly. No Note (or authority) so deposited may be withdrawn (except 
as provided in the Constituting Instrument) without the prior written consent of the 
Issuer. 
(2) 
Issuer option 
If this Condition 7(g)(2) is stated by the Final Terms or Pricing Supplement, as the 
case may be, to be applicable, the Issuer may, on giving not more than 60 nor less 
than 30 days’ notice to the Trustee and the Noteholders in accordance with 
Condition 14, and subject to compliance with all relevant laws, regulations and 
directives, at the option of the Issuer, redeem all or some of the Notes in the 
manner and on the date or dates specified in the Final Terms or Pricing 
Supplement, as the case may be, at their outstanding principal amount or such 
other amount as may be specified in the Final Terms or Pricing Supplement, as the 
case may be, or the amount calculated on the basis specified in the Final Terms or 
Pricing Supplement, as the case may be, as being the applicable redemption 
amount or the applicable basis of determining the redemption amount pursuant to 
this Condition 7(g)(2) (such amount being the “Issuer Optional Redemption 
Amount”), together with interest accrued to the date fixed for redemption. 
Notice given by the Issuer to redeem Note(s) pursuant to this Condition 7(g)(2) 
may not be withdrawn (save with the prior written consent of the Trustee) and the 
Issuer shall be bound to redeem the Note(s) in accordance with the notice, this 
Condition 7(g)(2) and the Constituting Instrument. 
In the case of a partial redemption of Notes (if permitted as specified in the Final 
Terms or Pricing Supplement, as the case may be): 
(a) 
when the Notes are in definitive form, if a partial redemption is specified in 
the Final Terms or Pricing Supplement, as the case may be, to be effected 
by selection of whole Notes, the Notes to be redeemed will be selected in 
the manner indicated in the Final Terms or Pricing Supplement, as the case 
may be, and notice of the Notes called for redemption will be published in 
accordance with Condition 14 not less than 15 days prior to the date fixed 
for redemption, or, if a partial redemption of Notes is specified in the Final 
Terms or Pricing Supplement, as the case may be, to be effected by pro 
rata payment, the outstanding principal amount of each Note shall be 
redeemed in a proportion equal to the proportion which the outstanding 
principal amount of such Note bears to the aggregate outstanding principal 
amount of all the Notes at such time; and

--- Page 108 ---
108
(b) 
when the Notes are represented by a Global Note or a Global Registered 
Certificate, if a partial redemption is specified in the Final Terms or Pricing 
Supplement, as the case may be, to be effected by selection of whole 
Notes, the Notes to be redeemed will be selected in accordance with the 
rules of Euroclear or Clearstream, Luxembourg or the relevant Alternative 
Clearing System (to be reflected in the records of Euroclear, Clearstream, 
Luxembourg or the relevant Alternative Clearing System as either a pool 
factor or a reduction in nominal amount, at their discretion) (in each case, 
as appropriate) or (in any case where a Global Registered Certificate is 
registered in the name of a person other than a nominee for Euroclear or 
Clearstream, Luxembourg or an Alternative Clearing System) in 
accordance with the rules and procedures established from time to time by 
such person or, if a partial redemption of Notes is specified in the Final 
Terms or Pricing Supplement, as the case may be, to be effected by pro 
rata payment, each Note shall be redeemed in a proportion equal to the 
proportion which the outstanding principal amount of such Note bears to the 
aggregate outstanding principal amount of all the Notes at such time. 
(3) 
Consequence of exercise of options 
As soon as reasonably practicable after the exercise of an option pursuant to this 
Condition 7(g), the Issuer shall instruct the Realisation Agent to arrange for and 
administer the sale of the Charged Assets or such part thereof as corresponds to 
the Notes to be redeemed in accordance with Condition 4(c).  
(h) 
Redemption for Regulatory Event
If this Condition 7(h) is stated by the Final Terms or Pricing Supplement, as the case may 
be, to be applicable and in the determination of the Determination Agent a Regulatory 
Event occurs then the Issuer shall forthwith give not more than 30 Business Days’ nor less 
than 10 Business Days’ notice to the Trustee, the Noteholders in accordance with 
Condition 14 and the Swap Counterparty (if any) and subject to compliance with all 
relevant laws, regulations and directives, upon the expiry of such notice shall redeem all 
but not some only of the Notes as provided in Condition 7(f)(2). 
For the purposes of this Condition 7(h): 
“Regulatory Event” means the occurrence of any of the following (including, without 
limitation, in connection with the application of the Alternative Investment Fund Managers 
Directive 2011/61/EU): (i) as a result of an implementation or adoption of, or change in, 
law, regulation, interpretation, action or response of a regulatory authority; (ii) as a result 
of the promulgation of, or any interpretation by any court, tribunal, government or 
regulatory authority with competent jurisdiction (a “Relevant Authority”) of, any relevant 
law or regulation; or (iii) as a result of the public or private statement or action by, or 
response of, any Relevant Authority or any official or representative of any Relevant 
Authority acting in an official capacity, such that it is or will be unlawful or there is a 
reasonable likelihood of it being unlawful for (a) the Issuer to maintain the Notes or that 
the maintenance of the existence of the Notes would make it unlawful to maintain the 
existence of any Discrete Series or Alternative Investments, or (b) the Issuer or Intesa 
Sanpaolo S.p.A. as arranger in respect of the Notes to perform any duties in respect of 
the Notes.

--- Page 109 ---
109
(i) 
Redemption following a Charged Assets Disruption Event 
If, in respect of a Series, the Determination Agent has given a Charged Assets 
Disruption Event Redemption Notice (copied to the Principal Paying Agent, the 
Trustee and the Swap Counterparty), then the Issuer shall give notice to the 
Noteholders in accordance with Condition 14 that the Notes will become due and 
repayable in accordance with Condition 7(f) as soon as reasonably practicable after.  
The Issuer shall attach to the notice to the Noteholders a copy of the Charged Assets 
Disruption Event Redemption Notice or include the information provided therein. 
Neither the Issuer nor any Transaction Party shall have any duty to monitor, enquire 
or satisfy itself as to whether any Charged Assets Disruption Event has occurred. No 
Transaction Party shall have any obligation to give, nor any responsibility or liability for 
giving or not giving, any notice to the Issuer that a Charged Assets Disruption Event 
has occurred. If the Determination Agent gives a Charged Assets Disruption Event 
Redemption Notice to the Trustee, the Trustee shall be entitled to rely conclusively on 
such notice without further investigation. 
(j)
Redemption following a Reference Rate Event  
If, in respect of a Series: 
(1) 
either a Replacement Reference Rate Notice or a Replacement Reference 
Rate Amendments Certificate is not delivered at least two London Business 
Days before a Cut-off Date in accordance with Condition 7(k); 
(2) 
it (i) is or would be unlawful under any applicable law or regulation or (ii) would 
contravene any applicable licensing requirements, for the Determination Agent 
to perform the actions prescribed in Condition 7(k) (or it would be unlawful or 
would contravene those licensing requirements were a determination to be 
made at such time); or 
(3) 
the Determination Agent determines that an Adjustment Spread is or would be 
a benchmark, index or other price source whose production, publication, 
methodology or governance would subject the Determination Agent or the 
Swap Counterparty to material additional regulatory obligations which it is 
unwilling to undertake (each of paragraphs (1) to (2) above and this paragraph 
(3), a “Reference Rate Default Event”), 
then the Determination Agent shall give notice of such fact to the Issuer (copied to the 
Principal Paying Agent, the Trustee and the Swap Counterparty) and the Issuer shall 
as soon as is practicable thereafter give notice to the Noteholders of such fact and in 
accordance with Condition 14 the Notes will become due and repayable in 
accordance with Condition 7(f) as soon as reasonably practicable after. 
(k)
Occurrence of a Reference Rate Event
(1) 
If the Determination Agent determines that a Reference Rate Event has 
occurred in respect of a Series, it shall, as soon as reasonably practicable, 
deliver a notice to the Issuer (such notice, the “Reference Rate Event Notice”) 
(copied to the Principal Paying Agent, the Trustee and the Swap Counterparty), 
setting out a description in reasonable detail of the facts relevant to the 
determination that a Reference Rate Event has occurred.

--- Page 110 ---
110
(2) 
Following delivery of a Reference Rate Event Notice in respect of a Series, the 
Determination Agent shall, as soon as reasonably practicable, attempt to 
determine: 
(a) 
a Replacement Reference Rate; 
(b) 
an Adjustment Spread; and 
(c) 
such other adjustments (the “Replacement Reference Rate Ancillary 
Amendments”) to the Conditions (including, but not limited to, any 
Business Day, Business Day Convention, Day Count Fraction, Interest 
Determination Date, Interest Amount, Interest Payment Date, Interest 
Period, Interest Period End Date and Interest Rate) which the 
Determination Agent determines are necessary or appropriate in order to 
account for the effect of the replacement of the Reference Rate with the 
Replacement Reference Rate (as adjusted by the Adjustment Spread) 
and/or to preserve as closely as practicable the economic equivalence of 
the Notes before and after the replacement of the Reference Rate with 
the Replacement Reference Rate (as adjusted by the Adjustment 
Spread), 
(the amendments required to the Conditions to reflect paragraphs (a) to (c) 
above together, the “Replacement Reference Rate Amendments”). 
(3) 
If the Determination Agent determines a Replacement Reference Rate, an 
Adjustment Spread and the Replacement Reference Rate Ancillary 
Amendments pursuant to paragraph (2) above, the Determination Agent shall 
deliver: 
(a) 
a notice to the Issuer (such notice, the “Replacement Reference Rate 
Notice”) (copied to the Principal Paying Agent, the Trustee and the 
Swap Counterparty) which specifies any Replacement Reference Rate, 
any Adjustment Spread, the specific terms of any Replacement 
Reference Rate Amendments and the Cut-off Date; and 
(b) 
a certificate to the Trustee (such certificate, a “Replacement Reference 
Rate Amendments Certificate”)  
(i) 
specifying (w) the Reference Rate Event, (x) the Replacement 
Reference Rate, (y) the Adjustment Spread and (z) the specific 
terms of any Replacement Reference Rate Ancillary Amendments; 
and 
(ii)  
certifying that the Replacement Reference Rate Ancillary 
Amendments are necessary or appropriate in order to account for 
the effect of the replacement of the Reference Rate with the 
Replacement Reference Rate (as adjusted by the Adjustment 
Spread) and/or to preserve as closely as practicable the economic 
equivalence of the Notes before and after the replacement of the 
Reference Rate with the Replacement Reference Rate (as 
adjusted by the Adjustment Spread).

--- Page 111 ---
111
(4) 
If either the Replacement Reference Rate Notice or the Replacement 
Reference Rate Amendments Certificate is not delivered at least two London 
Business Days before the Cut-Off Date, Condition 7(j) shall apply. 
(5) 
If the Issuer receives a Replacement Reference Rate Notice from the 
Determination Agent at least two London Business Days before the Cut-Off 
Date, it shall, without the consent of the Noteholders or the Couponholders, 
promptly make the Replacement Reference Rate Amendments, which 
amendments will take effect from the London Business Day following the Cut-
off Date (and any amendment deed entered into following such date shall be 
expressed as taking effect as of the London Business Day following the Cut-off 
Date).  For the avoidance of doubt, references to the Reference Rate in the 
Notes and the Series Documents will be replaced by references to the 
Replacement Reference Rate as adjusted by the Adjustment Spread (provided 
that the Replacement Reference Rate, after application of the Adjustment 
Spread, may not be less than zero). 
The Trustee may rely, without further enquiry and without liability to any person 
for so doing, on a Replacement Reference Rate Amendments Certificate. 
Upon receipt of a Replacement Reference Rate Amendments Certificate, the 
Trustee shall agree to the Replacement Reference Rate Amendments without 
seeking the consent of the Noteholders, the Couponholders or any other party 
and concur with the Issuer (at the Issuer's expense) in effecting the 
Replacement Reference Rate Amendments (including, inter alia, by the 
execution of a constituting instrument supplemental to the Constituting 
Instrument in respect of the Notes of such Series), provided that the Trustee 
shall not be required to agree to the Replacement Reference Rate 
Amendments if, in the opinion of the Trustee (acting reasonably), the 
Replacement Reference Rate Amendments would (i) expose the Trustee to 
any liability against which it has not been indemnified and/or secured and/or 
pre-funded to its satisfaction; or (ii) impose more onerous obligations upon it or 
expose it to any additional dues or responsibilities or reduce or amend the 
protective provisions afforded to the Trustee in the Conditions or any Series 
Document of any Series. 
(6) 
The Issuer shall, promptly following the Replacement Reference Rate 
Amendments having been made, deliver a notice containing the details of the 
Replacement Reference Rate Amendments to the Noteholders in accordance 
with Condition 14. 
(7) 
Neither the Determination Agent nor the Trustee shall have any duty to monitor, 
enquire or satisfy itself as to whether any Reference Rate Event has occurred. 
The Determination Agent shall not have any liability for giving or not giving any 
notice to the Issuer that a Reference Rate Event has occurred. 
(8) 
Any Replacement Reference Rate Amendments will be binding on the Issuer, 
the Transaction Parties, the Noteholders and the Couponholders. 
(l)
Specific Provisions for Certain Reference Rates  
With respect to a Reference Rate that would constitute a “Relevant Benchmark” for 
the purposes of the 2006 ISDA Definitions Benchmarks Annex as published by ISDA, 
if the definition of such Reference Rate includes a reference to a concept defined or

--- Page 112 ---
112
otherwise described as an “index cessation event” (regardless of the contents of that 
definition or description) then, notwithstanding anything to the contrary in these 
Conditions, upon the occurrence of such an event, any fallback specified in that 
definition or description to apply following such an event (the “Priority Fallback”) shall 
apply. If the Priority Fallback fails to provide a means of determining the index level, 
then Condition 7(k) shall apply. 
(m)  
Interim Measures 
If, following a Reference Rate Event, the relevant Reference Rate is required for any 
determination in respect of the Notes and, at that time: 
(1) 
no amendments have occurred in accordance with Condition 7(k); and 
(2) 
no notice of early redemption has been given to Noteholders in accordance 
with Condition 7(j), 
then, for the purposes of that determination: 
(A) 
if the Reference Rate is still available (in relation to a Reference Rate 
Cessation), the Administrator/Benchmark Event Date has not yet occurred (in 
relation to an Administrator/Benchmark Event), the Risk-Free Rate Event Date 
has not yet occurred (in relation to a Risk-Free Rate Event) or the 
Representative Statement Event Date has not yet occurred (in relation to a 
Representative Statement Event), the level of the Reference Rate shall be 
determined pursuant to the terms that would apply to the determination of the 
Reference Rate as if no Reference Rate Event had occurred; or 
(B) 
if the level for the Reference Rate cannot be determined under paragraph (A) 
above, the level of the Reference Rate shall be determined by reference to the 
rate published in respect of the Reference Rate at the time at which the 
Reference Rate is ordinarily determined on (i) the day on which the Reference 
Rate ceased to be available (in relation to a Reference Rate Cessation); (ii) the 
Administrator/Benchmark 
Event 
Date 
(in 
relation 
to 
an 
Administrator/Benchmark Event); (iii) the Risk-Free Rate Event Date (in 
relation to a Risk-Free Rate Event); or (iv) the Representative Statement Event 
Date (in relation to a Representative Statement Event) or, if no rate is 
published at that lime or that rate cannot be used in accordance with 
applicable law or regulation, by reference to the rate published at that time on 
the last day on which the rate was published or can be used in accordance 
with applicable law or regulation, as applicable. 
(n) 
Calculation Agent Determination Standard  
Whenever the Determination Agent is required to act, make a determination or to 
exercise judgment in any way under Condition 7(k), without prejudice to Condition 
7(k)(7), it will do so in good faith and in a commercially reasonable manner and in 
accordance with the provisions of the Agency Agreement. 
(o) 
Separate Application of Fallbacks  
If, in respect of a Series, there is more than one Reference Rate, then Conditions 7(k) 
and 7(l) shall apply separately to each such Reference Rate. For the avoidance of

--- Page 113 ---
113
doubt, any notice of early redemption that occurs pursuant to Condition 7(j) in respect 
of such Series will apply to the whole Series. 
(p)  
Acknowledgement in respect of Reference Rate Modification 
If, in respect of a Series, the definition, methodology or formula for a Reference Rate, 
or other means of calculating such Reference Rate, is changed, then references to 
that Reference Rate shall be to the Reference Rate as changed unless, with respect 
to Notes issued by way of Final Terms or Pricing Supplement only, otherwise 
specified in the applicable Final Terms or Pricing Supplement. 
(q) 
Occurrence of Charged Assets Disruption Event
(1) 
If the Determination Agent determines that a Charged Assets Disruption Event 
has occurred in respect of a Series, it shall, as soon as reasonably practicable, 
deliver a notice to the Issuer (copied to the Principal Paying Agent, the Trustee 
and the Swap Counterparty), setting out a description in reasonable detail of 
the facts relevant to the determination that a Charged Assets Disruption Event 
has occurred and: 
(a) 
confirming that no amendments will be made to the Notes as a result of 
such Charged Assets Disruption Event (a “Charged Assets Disruption 
Event No Action Notice”); 
(b) 
specifying that amendments will be made to the Conditions and the 
Charged Agreement (the “Charged 
Assets 
Disruption 
Event 
Amendments”) and setting out a description in reasonable detail of such 
amendments (a “Charged Assets Disruption Event Amendment 
Notice”); or 
(c) 
specifying that the Notes will be redeemed (a “Charged Assets 
Disruption Event Redemption Notice”). 
(2) 
If the Issuer receives a Charged Assets Disruption Event Amendment Notice 
from the Determination Agent, it shall, without the consent of the Noteholders 
or the Couponholders, promptly make the Charged Assets Disruption Event 
Amendments, provided that: 
(a) 
no notice has been sent to Noteholders pursuant to Condition 14 or Early 
Redemption Date has occurred in respect of the Notes; 
(b) 
the purpose of the Charged Assets Disruption Event Amendments is to 
account for any Charged Assets Disruption Event Losses/Gains incurred 
by the Swap Counterparty, and 
(c) 
the Determination Agent certifies in writing (such certificate, a “Charged 
Assets Disruption Event Amendments Certificate”) to the Trustee 
that the purpose of the Charged Assets Disruption Event Amendments is 
solely as set out in paragraph (b) above. 
The Trustee may rely, without further enquiry and without liability to any person 
for so doing, on a Charged Assets Disruption Event Amendments Certificate. 
Upon receipt of a Charged Assets Disruption Event Amendments Certificate,

--- Page 114 ---
114
the Trustee shall agree to the Charged Assets Disruption Event Amendments 
without seeking the consent of the Noteholders, the Couponholders or any 
other party and concur with the Issuer (at the Issuer's expense) in effecting the 
Charged Assets Disruption Event Amendments (including, inter alia, by the 
execution of a constituting instrument supplemental to the Constituting 
Instrument in respect of the Notes of such Series), provided that the Trustee 
shall not be required to agree to the Charged Assets Disruption Event 
Amendments if, in the opinion of the Trustee (acting reasonably), the Charged 
Assets Disruption Event Amendments would (x) expose the Trustee to any 
liability against which it has not been indemnified and/or secured and/or pre-
funded to its satisfaction or (y) impose more onerous obligations upon it or 
expose it to any additional duties or responsibilities or reduce or amend the 
protective provisions afforded to the Trustee in the Conditions or any Series 
Document of any Series. 
(3) 
The Issuer shall, promptly following making the Charged Assets Disruption 
Event Amendments, deliver a notice containing the details of the Charged 
Assets Disruption Event Amendments to the Noteholders in accordance with 
Condition 14. 
(4) 
Neither the Determination Agent nor the Trustee shall have any duty to monitor, 
enquire or satisfy itself as to whether any Charged Assets Disruption Event 
has occurred. The Determination Agent shall not have any liability for giving or 
not giving any notice in respect of a Charged Assets Disruption Event. 
(5) 
Any Charged Assets Disruption Event Amendments will be binding on the 
Issuer, the Transaction Parties, the Noteholders and the Couponholders. 
For the avoidance of doubt, if, for a Series, any Charged Assets Disruption 
Event Losses/Gains are: 
(a) 
a negative amount, such Charged Assets Disruption Event Losses/Gains 
may be accounted for by reducing the interest amount and/or principal 
amount payable (in each case subject to a minimum of zero) pursuant to 
the Notes for the Series; or 
(b) 
a positive amount, such Charged Assets Disruption Event Losses/Gains 
may be accounted for by increasing the interest amount and/or principal 
amount payable pursuant to the Notes for the Series. 
(r) 
Charged Agreement Amendments
(1) 
 The Issuer may, without the consent of the Noteholders or the Couponholders, 
agree with the Swap Counterparty to amend the Charged Agreement (such 
amendments, the “Charged Agreement Amendments”), provided that:  
(a) 
the purpose and effect of the Charged Agreement Amendments are to: 
(i) 
ensure that the Issuer’s payment obligations thereunder match any 
amounts receivable by the Issuer under the Charged Assets, 
including (but not limited to) following the addition of Further 
Charged Assets pursuant to Condition 16; and

--- Page 115 ---
115
(ii) 
ensure that the Swap Counterparty’s payment obligations 
thereunder match any amounts payable by the Issuer in respect of 
the Notes and other liabilities, including (but not limited to) 
following (A) the making of any Replacement Reference Rate 
Amendments in respect of the Notes pursuant to Condition 7(k), (B) 
the making of any Charged Assets Disruption Event Amendments 
in respect of the Notes pursuant to Condition 7(q) and (C) the issue 
of Further Notes pursuant to Condition 16; 
(b) 
the Charged Agreement Amendments do not require an Extraordinary 
Resolution; and 
(c) 
the Issuer certifies in writing (such certificate, a “Charged Agreement 
Amendments Certificate”) to the Trustee that (i) the purpose of the 
Charged Agreement Amendments is solely as set out in paragraphs (a)(i) 
and (a)(ii) above and (ii) the Charged Agreement Amendments do not 
require an Extraordinary Resolution. 
The Trustee may rely, without further enquiry and without liability to any person for so 
doing, on a Charged Agreement Amendments Certificate. Upon receipt of a Charged 
Agreement Amendments Certificate, the Trustee shall agree to the Charged Agreement 
Amendments without seeking the consent of the Noteholders, the Couponholders or any 
other party and concur with the Issuer (at the Issuer’s expense) in effecting the Charged 
Agreement Amendments (including, inter alia, by the execution of a constituting 
instrument supplemental to the Constituting Instrument in respect of the Notes a Series to 
effect the relevant amendments), provided that the Trustee shall not be required to agree 
to the Charged Agreement Amendments if, in the opinion of the Trustee (acting 
reasonably), the Charged Agreement Amendments would (a) expose the Trustee to any 
liability against which it has not been indemnified and/or secured and/or pre-funded to its 
satisfaction or (b) impose more onerous obligations upon it or expose it to any additional 
duties or responsibilities or reduce or amend the protective provisions afforded to the 
Trustee in the Conditions or any Series Document of any Series. 
For the purposes of Condition 7(i) to Condition 7(r) the following definitions may apply: 
“Adjustment Spread” means the adjustment, if any, to a Replacement Reference Rate that the 
Determination Agent determines is required in order to: 
(i) 
reduce or eliminate, to the extent reasonably practicable, any transfer of economic value 
from (a) the Issuer to the Noteholders and the Couponholders, or (b) the Noteholders and 
the Couponholders to the Issuer, in each case that would otherwise arise as a result of the 
replacement of the Reference Rate with the Replacement Reference Rate; 
(ii) 
reduce or eliminate, to the extent reasonably practicable, any transfer of economic value 
from (a) the Issuer to the Swap Counterparty, or (b) the Swap Counterparty to the Issuer, 
in each case that would otherwise arise as a result of any changes made to the Charged 
Agreement as a consequence of the replacement under the Notes of the Reference Rate 
with the Replacement Reference Rate; and 
(iii) 
reflect any losses, expenses and costs that have been or that will be incurred by the Swap 
Counterparty as a result of entering into, maintaining and/or unwinding any transactions to 
hedge the Swap Counterparty's obligations under the swap transactions under the 
Charged Agreement to remove any difference between the cash flows under the Notes

--- Page 116 ---
116
and any transactions in place to hedge the Swap Counterparty's obligations under the 
swap transactions under the Charged Agreement (as applicable) which have resulted 
following the occurrence of a Reference Rate Event. 
Any such adjustment may take account of, without limitation, any anticipated transfer of economic 
value as a result of any difference in the term structure or tenor of the Replacement Reference 
Rate by comparison to the Reference Rate. The Adjustment Spread may be positive, negative or 
zero or determined pursuant to a formula or methodology. 
“Administrator/Benchmark Event” means, for a Series and a Reference Rate, any 
authorisation, registration, recognition, endorsement, equivalence decision, approval or inclusion 
in any official register in respect of the Reference Rate or the administrator or sponsor of the 
Reference Rate has not been, or will not be, obtained or has been, or will be, rejected, refused, 
suspended or withdrawn by the relevant competent authority or other relevant official body, in 
each case with the effect that either (i) the Issuer, the Determination Agent or any other entry is 
not, or will not be, permitted under any applicable law or regulation to use the Reference Rate to 
perform its or their respective obligations under the Notes; or (ii) the Swap Counterparty or any 
other entity is not, or will not be, permitted under any applicable law or regulation to use the 
Reference Rate to perform its or their respective obligations under any transactions in place to 
hedge the Swap Counterparty's obligations under the swap transactions under the Charged 
Agreement. 
If, for a Series and a Reference Rate, (i) an event or circumstance which would otherwise 
constitute or give rise to an Administrator/Benchmark Event also constitutes a Reference Rate 
Cessation; or (ii) a Reference Rate Cessation and an Administrator/Benchmark Event would 
otherwise be continuing at the same lime, it will in either case constitute a Reference Rate 
Cessation and will not constitute or give rise to an Administrator/Benchmark Event provided that, 
if the date that would otherwise have been the Administrator/Benchmark Event Date would have 
occurred before the Reference Rate is no longer available, Condition 7(m) shall apply as if an 
Administrator/Benchmark Event had occurred. 
“Administrator/Benchmark Event Date” means, for a Series and an Administrator/Benchmark 
Event, the date on which the authorisation, registration, recognition, endorsement, equivalence 
decision, approval or inclusion in any official register is: 
(i) 
required under any applicable law or regulation; or 
(ii) 
rejected, refused, suspended or withdrawn, if the applicable law or regulation provides that 
the Reference Rate is not permitted to be used under the Notes following rejection, refusal, 
suspension or withdrawal, 
or, in each case, if such date occurs before the Reference Rate Trade Date, the Reference Rate 
Trade Date. 
“Charged Assets Disruption Event” means, for a Series, any Charged Assets Reference Rate 
is adjusted or replaced following the occurrence of an event in respect of such Charged Assets 
Reference Rate, whether in accordance with the terms of the Charged Assets or otherwise, the 
definition or description of which event either: 
(i) 
includes a reference to concepts defined or otherwise described as an “index cessation 
event”, an “administrator/benchmark event” or a “representative statement event” (in each 
case regardless of the contents of that definition or description); or

--- Page 117 ---
117
(ii) 
is analogous or substantially similar to the definitions of “Reference Rate Cessation”, 
“Administrator/Benchmark Event”, “Risk-Free Rate Event” and/or “Representative 
Statement Event”. 
“Charged Assets Disruption Event Amendment Notice” for a Series, has the meaning given to 
it in Condition 7(q)(1)(b). 
“Charged Assets Disruption Event Amendments”, for a Series, has the meaning given to it in 
Condition 7(q)(1)(b). 
“Charged Assets Disruption Event Amendments Certificate” for a Series, has the meaning 
given to it in Condition 7(q)(2)(c). 
“Charged Assets Disruption Event Losses/Gains” means an amount, determined by the 
Determination Agent, equal to (without duplication): 
(i) 
an amount equal to: 
(A) 
the amounts scheduled to be paid by the Charged Assets Obligor pursuant to the 
terms of the Charged Assets following the occurrence of a Charged Assets 
Disruption Event and the application of any relevant fallbacks; minus 
(B) 
the amounts scheduled to be paid by the obligor of the Charged Assets pursuant to 
the terms of the Charged Assets on the Charged Assets Obligor Reference Date; 
minus 
(ii) 
an amount equal to: 
(A) 
the amounts scheduled to be paid by the Swap Counterparty pursuant to the terms 
of any transactions in place to hedge the Swap Counterparty's obligations under 
the swap transactions under the Charged Agreement following the occurrence of a 
Charged Assets Disruption Event and the application of any relevant fallbacks; 
minus 
(B) 
the amounts scheduled to be paid by the Swap Counterparty pursuant to the terms 
of such hedge transactions on the date immediately preceding the date on which 
the Charged Assets Disruption Event occurred; minus 
(iii) 
any losses, expenses and costs that have been or that will be incurred by the Swap 
Counterparty as a result of entering into, maintaining and/or unwinding any transactions to 
hedge the Swap Counterparty's obligations under the swap transactions under the 
Charged Agreement to remove any difference between the cash flows under the Charged 
Assets and such hedge transactions which have resulted following the occurrence of a 
Charged Assets Disruption Event. 
“Charged Assets Disruption Event Redemption Notice”, for a Series, has the meaning given 
to it in Condition 7(q)(1)(c). 
“Charged Assets Reference Rate” means, for a Series, any index, benchmark or price source 
by reference to which any amount payable under the Charged Assets is determined. 
“Cut-off Date” means, for a Series and a Reference Rate:

--- Page 118 ---
118
(i) 
in respect of a Reference Rate Cessation, the later of: 
(A) 
15 London Business Days following the day on which the public statement is made 
or the information is published (in each case, as referred to in the definition of 
“Reference Rate Cessation”); and 
(B) 
the first day on which the Reference Rate is no longer available; 
(ii) 
in respect of an Administrator/Benchmark Event, the later of: 
(A) 
15 London Business Days following the day on which the Determination Agent 
determines that an Administrator/Benchmark Event has occurred, and 
(B) 
the Administrator/Benchmark Event Date; 
(iii) 
in respect of a Risk-Free Rate Event, the later of: 
(A) 
15 London Business Days following the day on which the Determination Agent 
determines that a Risk-Free Rate Event has occurred, and 
(B) 
the Risk-Free Rate Event Date; and 
(iv) 
in respect of a Representative Statement Event, the later of: 
(A) 
15 London Business Days following the day on which the Determination Agent 
determines that a Representative Statement Event has occurred, and 
(B) 
the Representative Statement Event Date, 
provided that, in each case, if more than one Relevant Nominating Body formally designates, 
nominates or recommends an index, benchmark or other price source and one or more of those 
Relevant Nominating Bodies does so on or after the day that is three London Business Days 
before the date determined pursuant to paragraphs (i) to (iv) above (as applicable), then the Cut-
off Date will instead be the second London Business Day following the date that, but for this 
proviso, would have been the Cut-off Date. 
“Industry Standard Replacement Reference Rate”, for a Series and a Reference Rate, has the 
meaning given to it in the definition of “Replacement Reference Rate”. 
“Pre-nominated Reference Rate” means, for a Series and a Reference Rate, the first of the 
indices, benchmarks or other price sources specified as a “Pre-nominated Replacement 
Reference Rate” in the applicable Final Terms or Pricing Supplement, as the case may be, that is 
not subject to a Reference Rate Event. 
“Priority Fallback” has the meaning given to it in Condition 7(l). 
“Reference Rate Cessation” means, for a Series and a Reference Rate, the occurrence of one 
or more of the following events: 
(i) 
a public statement or publication of information by or on behalf of the administrator of the 
Reference Rate announcing that it has ceased or will cease to provide the Reference Rate 
permanently or indefinitely, provided that, at the time of the statement or publication, there 
is no successor administrator that will continue to provide the Reference Rate;

--- Page 119 ---
119
(ii) 
a public statement or publication of information by the regulatory supervisor for the 
administrator of the Reference Rate, the central bank for the currency of the Reference 
Rate, an insolvency official with jurisdiction over the administrator for the Reference Rate, 
a resolution authority with jurisdiction over the administrator for the Reference Rate or a 
court or an entity with similar insolvency or resolution authority over the administrator for 
the Reference Rate, which states that the administrator of the Reference Rate has ceased 
or will cease to provide the Reference Rate permanently or indefinitely, provided that, at 
the lime of the statement or publication, there is no successor administrator that will 
continue to provide the Reference Rate; or 
(iii) 
any event which otherwise constitutes an “index cessation event” (regardless of how it is 
actually defined or described in the definition of the Reference Rate) in relation to which a 
Priority Fallback is specified. 
“Reference Rate Default Event”, for a Series, has the meaning given to it in Condition 7(j)(3) 
(Redemption following a Reference Rate Event). 
“Reference Rate Event” means, for a Series 
(i) 
a Reference Rate Cessation, 
(ii) 
an Administrator/Benchmark Event; 
(iii) 
a Reference Rate is, with respect to over-the-counter derivatives transactions which 
reference such Reference Rate, the subject of any market-wide development (which may 
be in the form of a protocol by ISDA) pursuant to which such Reference Rate is, on a 
specified date (the “Risk-Free Rate Event Date”), replaced with a risk-free rate (or near 
risk-free rate) established in order to comply with the recommendations in the Financial 
Stability Board's paper titled “Reforming Major Interest Rate Benchmarks” dated 22 July 
2014 (a “Risk-Free Rate Event”); or 
(iv) 
the supervisor of the administrator of a Reference Rate, or another official body with 
applicable responsibility, makes an official statement, with effect from a date after 31 
December 2021, that such Reference Rate is no longer representative (a 
“Representative Statement Event” and the date on which such official statement is made 
being the “Representative Statement Event Date”). 
“Reference Rate Event Notice”, for a Series, has the meaning given to it in Condition 7(k)(1). 
“Reference Rate Trade Date” means, for a Series, the date specified in the applicable Final 
Terms or Pricing Supplement. 
“Relevant Nominating Body” means, in respect of a Reference Rate: 
(i) 
the central bank for the currency in which the Reference Rate is denominated or any 
central bank or other supervisor which is responsible for supervising either the Reference 
Rate or the administrator of the Reference Rate; or 
(ii) 
any working group or committee officially endorsed or convened by (a) the central bank for 
the currency in which the Reference Rate is denominated, (b) any central bank or other 
supervisor which is responsible for supervising either the Reference Rate or the 
administrator of the Reference Rate, (c) a group of those central banks or other 
supervisors or (d) the Financial Stability Board or any part thereof.

--- Page 120 ---
120
“Replacement Reference Rate” means, in respect of a Reference Rate, an index, benchmark or 
other price source that the Determination Agent determines to be a commercially reasonable 
alternative for such Reference Rate, provided that the Replacement Reference Rate must be: 
(i) 
a Pre-nominated Replacement Reference Rate; or 
(ii) 
if there is no Pre-nominated Replacement Reference Rate, an index, benchmark or other 
price source (which may be formally designated, nominated or recommended by (a) any 
Relevant Nominating Body, or (b) the administrator or sponsor of the Reference Rate 
(provided that such index, benchmark or other price source is substantially the same as 
the Reference Rate) to replace the Reference Rate) which is recognised or acknowledged 
as being the industry standard replacement for over-the-counter derivative transactions 
which reference such Reference Rate (which recognition or acknowledgment may be in 
the form of a press release, a member announcement, member advice, letter, protocol, 
publication of standard terms or otherwise by ISDA) (an “Industry Standard 
Replacement Reference Rate”). 
If the Replacement Reference Rate is an Industry Standard Replacement Reference Rate, the 
Determination Agent shall specify a date on which the index, benchmark or other price source 
was recognised or acknowledged as being the relevant industry standard replacement (which 
may be before such index, benchmark or other price source commences). 
“Replacement Reference Rate Amendments”, for a Series, has the meaning given to it in 
Condition 7(k)(2).  
“Replacement Reference Rate Amendments Certificate”, for a Series, has the meaning given 
to it in Condition 7(k)(3)(b). 
“Replacement Reference Rate Ancillary Amendments”, for a Series, has the meaning given to 
it in Condition 7(k)(2)(c) .
“Replacement Reference Rate Notice”, for a Series, has the meaning given to it in Condition 
7(k)(3)(a).
“Representative Statement Event”, for a Series and a Reference Rate, has the meaning given 
to it in the definition of “Reference Rate Event”. 
If, for a Series and a Reference Rate, (i) an event or circumstance which would otherwise 
constitute or give rise to a Representative Statement Event also constitutes a Reference Rate 
Cessation; or (ii) a Reference Rate Cessation and a Representative Statement Event would 
otherwise be continuing at the same time, it will in either case constitute a Reference Rate 
Cessation and will not constitute or give rise to a Representative Statement Event provided that, if 
the date that would otherwise have been the Representative Statement Event Date would have 
occurred before the Reference Rate is no longer available, Condition 7(m) shall apply as if a 
Representative Statement Event had occurred. 
“Representative Statement Event Date” for a Series and a Reference Rate, has the meaning 
given to it in the definition of “Reference Rate Event”. 
“Risk-Free Rate Event”, for a Series and a Reference Rate, has the meaning given to it in the 
definition of “Reference Rate Event”.

--- Page 121 ---
121
If, for a Series and a Reference Rate, (i) an event or circumstance which would otherwise 
constitute or give rise to a Risk-Free Rate Event also constitutes a Reference Rate Cessation; or 
(ii) a Reference Rate Cessation and a Risk-Free Rate Event would otherwise be continuing at the 
same lime, it will in either case constitute a Reference Rate Cessation and will not constitute or 
give rise to a Risk-Free Rate Event provided that, if the date that would otherwise have been the 
Risk-Free Rate Event Date would have occurred before the Reference Rate is no longer available, 
Condition 7(m) shall apply as if a Risk-Free Rate Event had occurred. 
“Risk-Free Rate Event Date” for a Series and a Reference Rate, has the meaning given to it in 
the definition of “Reference Rate Event”. 
(s) 
Purchase
Unless otherwise provided in the Constituting Instrument, the Issuer may, with the consent 
of each Swap Counterparty (if any), purchase Notes in the open market or otherwise at 
any price (provided, in the case of definitive Bearer Notes, that all unmatured Receipts 
and Coupons and unexchanged Talons appertaining thereto are attached or surrendered 
therewith). All Notes so purchased and any unmatured Receipts and Coupons and 
unexchanged Talons appertaining thereto attached to or surrendered with Bearer Notes 
may, if so specified in the Constituting Instrument, at the option of the Issuer or at the 
direction of the Swap Counterparty if so specified in the Constituting Instrument, be held 
by it (and subsequently re-issued or re-sold) or may be cancelled, in which latter case 
they may not be re-issued or re-sold. On any such purchase of such Notes by the Issuer, 
there will be a pro rata reduction in payments under the Charged Agreement (if any) and, 
so far as the denominations of the Charged Assets being realised or disposed of will allow, 
in the aggregate amount of the Charged Assets held by the Issuer, which transactions will 
leave the Issuer with no net liabilities in respect thereof; provided that any selection of 
individual assets comprised in the Charged Assets to be realised or disposed of shall be 
made at the discretion of the Issuer or at the direction of the Swap Counterparty if so 
specified in the Constituting Instrument. On any subsequent re-sale or re-issue of such 
Notes which the Issuer has not cancelled, either (i) there will be a pro rata increase in 
payments under the Charged Agreement (if any) and in the amount of the Charged Assets; 
or (ii) a new Charged Agreement will be entered into and new Charged Assets will be 
acquired by the Issuer. 
Any such purchase is subject to receipt by the Issuer of an amount (whether by sale of the 
Charged Assets (or in the case of a purchase of some only of the Notes, a proportion of 
the Charged Assets corresponding to the proportion of the Notes to be purchased) or 
otherwise) which, plus or minus any termination payment payable to or by the Issuer from 
or to the Swap Counterparty on the termination (or as the case may be partial termination) 
of the Charged Agreement, is sufficient to fund the purchase price payable by the Issuer. 
No interest will be payable with respect to a Note to be purchased pursuant to this 
Condition 7(s) in respect of the period from the previous date for the payment of interest 
on the Note, or, if none, the Issue Date to the date of such purchase. 
If not all the Notes represented by a Registered Certificate are to be purchased, the 
Registrar shall forthwith upon the written request of the Noteholder concerned issue a new 
Registered Certificate in respect of the Notes which are not to be purchased and despatch 
such Registered Certificate to the Noteholder (at the risk of the Noteholder and to such 
address as the Noteholder may specify in such request).

--- Page 122 ---
122
When, in connection with the application of this Condition 7(s), it is necessary for the 
Issuer to sell the Charged Assets or any part thereof in the market, the Issuer shall instruct 
the Realisation Agent to arrange for and administer such sale in accordance with 
Condition 4(c).  
The Trust Deed contains provisions for the release from the security in favour of the 
Trustee of the relevant Charged Assets (or part thereof) which correspond to the Series of 
Notes (or part thereof) to be redeemed by the Issuer pursuant to Condition 7(g), Condition 
7(i) or Condition 7(j) or purchased by the Issuer pursuant to Condition 7(s). 
Whilst the Notes are represented by a Global Note or a Global Registered Certificate, the 
relevant Global Note or Global Registered Certificate will be endorsed to reflect the 
principal amount of Notes so redeemed or purchased. 
(t) 
Exchange of Series
The Noteholders of a Series may together by notice in writing delivered to the Issuer (and 
copied to the Trustee), with the consent of each Swap Counterparty (if any) and subject to 
and in accordance with the provisions of the Constituting Instrument, request the Issuer to 
issue a further Series of Notes (the “New Series”) in exchange for that existing Series of 
Notes (the “Existing Series”) on such terms as may be specified in the Constituting 
Instrument or specified or approved by all such Noteholders. Any Charged Agreement in 
respect of such Existing Series so exchanged will be terminated and the security for the 
New Series will be that constituted by the Constituting Instrument in relation to the Existing 
Series (other than a security interest in respect of any Charged Agreement so terminated) 
(except that the security for the New Series may be postponed in point of priority to any 
other security over the assets securing the Existing Series which may have attached to 
such assets since the creation of the security for the Existing Series) and, if appropriate, 
over a further Charged Agreement to be entered into in connection with the New Series, 
all in accordance with the terms of the Constituting Instrument and as previously approved 
in writing by the Trustee provided that if the Existing Series is rated, at the request of the 
Issuer, by any Rating Agency, it may not be exchanged for a New Series unless each 
such Rating Agency shall have been notified and if the Existing Series is rated by S&P, 
S&P has confirmed that it will assign the New Series the same rating as that assigned by 
it to the Existing Series. 
If the Existing Series comprises Listed Notes and if it is intended that the New Series be 
Listed Notes, the Issuer shall notify the relevant stock exchange and any relevant 
competent authority and produce such Final Terms or Pricing Supplement, as the case 
may be, and such other information as the rules of such stock exchange or competent 
authority may require in connection therewith. 
If the Noteholders of a Series elect, pursuant to Condition 7(t), to exchange such 
Series for a New Series, upon termination of any Charged Agreement in respect of 
the Existing Series so exchanged, a shortfall may be suffered by the Noteholders.
(u) 
Redemption by instalments
Unless previously redeemed, purchased and cancelled as provided in this Condition 7, 
each Note which provides for “Instalment Dates” and “Instalment Amounts” will be 
partially redeemed on each Instalment Date at the specified Instalment Amount, 
whereupon the outstanding principal amount of such Note and its Scheduled Redemption 
Amount (unless specified otherwise in the Constituting Instrument) shall be reduced for all

--- Page 123 ---
123
purposes by the Instalment Amount. If the Final Terms or Pricing Supplement, as the case 
may be, requires the Instalment Amounts to be calculated, it will specify the Determination 
Agent appointed to determine such Instalment Amounts and the provisions of Condition 
7(f) in relation to the calculation of Redemption Amounts shall apply mutatis mutandis in 
relation to the calculation of Instalment Amounts. 
(v) 
Cancellation
All Notes of any Series which are redeemed (together, in the case of Bearer Notes, with 
such unmatured Receipts, Coupons and Talons as are attached thereto or are 
surrendered therewith at the time of such redemption) and all Receipts and Coupons 
which are paid and Talons which are exchanged shall, unless otherwise permitted by 
these Conditions or the Constituting Instrument, be cancelled forthwith by the Paying 
Agent or the Registrar or Transfer Agent, as the case may be, by or through which they 
are redeemed or paid. Each Paying Agent shall give all relevant details and forward 
cancelled Notes, Receipts, Coupons and Talons to the Principal Paying Agent or its 
designated agent. All Notes which are purchased by the Issuer pursuant to Condition 7(s) 
(together, in the case of Bearer Notes, with such unmatured Receipts, Coupons and 
Talons as are attached thereto or are surrendered therewith at the time of such purchase) 
and all Receipts and Coupons which are paid and Talons which are exchanged shall, 
unless otherwise permitted by the Conditions, be delivered to, and cancelled forthwith by, 
the Principal Paying Agent (in the case of Bearer Notes, Receipts, Coupons and Talons) 
or the Registrar or Transfer Agent (in the case of Registered Notes), as the case may be. 
Each Transfer Agent shall give all relevant details and forward cancelled Notes to the 
Registrar or its designated agent. 
8. 
Payments
(a) 
Bearer Notes
Payments of principal and interest in respect of Bearer Notes (other than Dual Currency 
Notes) will, subject as mentioned below, be made against presentation and surrender of 
the relevant Receipts (in the case of payment of Instalment Amounts other than payment 
of the last Instalment Amount and provided that each Receipt is presented for payment 
together with its relative Note), Notes (in the case of all other payments of principal and, in 
the case of interest, as specified in Condition 8(e)(6)) or Coupons (in the case of interest, 
save as specified in Condition 8(e)(6)) to or to the order of any Paying Agent outside the 
United States by transfer to an account denominated in the currency in which such 
payment is due; provided that if the Notes are denominated in Yen, such payments will be 
made by transfer to a Yen account (in the case of payment to a non-resident of Japan, to 
a non-resident Yen account) maintained by the payee with, a bank in Tokyo. 
No payments of principal, interest or other amounts due in respect of Bearer Notes (or the 
related Coupons, Talons or Receipts) will be made by mail to an address in the United 
States or by transfer to an account maintained by the Holder in the United States. 
(b) 
Registered Notes
(1) 
Payments of principal (which, for the purposes of this Condition 8(b), shall include 
the final Instalment Amount but not other Instalment Amounts) in respect of 
Registered Notes (other than Dual Currency Notes) will be made to the person 
shown on the register against presentation and surrender of the relevant

--- Page 124 ---
124
Registered Certificate to or to the order of any of the Transfer Agents or of the 
Registrar and in the manner provided in Condition 8(a). To the extent that a 
Noteholder does not present (and, if applicable, surrender) the relevant Registered 
Certificate at least three Business Days prior to the Maturity Date or other date for 
redemption (as the case may be) none of the Issuer, the Trustee, the Registrar, the 
Principal Paying Agent, the Interest Calculation Agent, each Swap Counterparty (if 
any), the Determination Agent (if any), the Custodian or any other person shall be 
liable in respect of any delay in the payment of the relevant redemption monies to 
such Noteholder as a consequence thereof. 
(2) 
Interest (which, for the purposes of this Condition 8(b), shall include all Instalment 
Amounts other than the final Instalment Amount) on Registered Notes payable on 
any Interest Payment Date or, as the case may be, any Instalment Date will be 
paid to the persons shown on the Register (i) in respect of Registered Notes that 
are not Registered Certificates, on the fifteenth day before the due date for 
payment thereof; and (ii) in respect of Registered Notes that are Global Registered 
Certificates, as of the close of business on the Clearing System Business Day 
immediately prior to the date for payment, where “Clearing System Business Day” 
means Monday to Friday inclusive except 25 December and 1 January 
(respectively, the “Record Date”). Upon application by the holder to the specified 
office of the Registrar or any Transfer Agent before the relevant Record Date, such 
payment of interest may be made by transfer to an account in the relevant 
currency maintained by the payee with a bank in the principal financial centre of 
the country of that currency. 
(3) 
Payments in Yen in respect of Registered Notes will be made in the manner 
specified in Condition 8(a). 
(c) 
Payments in the United States
Notwithstanding the foregoing, if any Bearer Notes are denominated in U.S. dollars, 
payments in respect thereof may be made at the specified office of any Paying Agent in 
New York City in the same manner as aforesaid if: 
(1) 
the Issuer shall have appointed Paying Agents with specified offices outside the 
United States with the reasonable expectation that such Paying Agents would be 
able to make payment of the amounts on the Notes in the manner provided above 
when due; 
(2) 
payment in full of such amounts at all such offices is illegal or effectively precluded 
by exchange controls or other similar restrictions on payment or receipt of such 
amounts; and 
(3) 
such payment is then permitted by United States law, without involving, in the 
opinion of the Issuer, adverse tax consequences to the Issuer. 
(d) 
Payments subject to fiscal laws; payments on Global Notes and Global Registered 
Certificates
(1) 
All payments are subject in all cases to (i) any applicable fiscal or other laws, 
regulations and directives and no commissions or expenses shall be charged to 
the Noteholders in respect of such payments; and (ii) any withholding or deduction 
required pursuant to an agreement described in Section 1471(b) of the United

--- Page 125 ---
125
States Internal Revenue Code of 1986 or otherwise imposed pursuant to Sections 
1471 through 1474 of the United States Internal Revenue Code of 1986, any 
regulations or agreements thereunder, any official interpretations thereof, or any 
law implementing an intergovernmental approach thereto (“FATCA”), and in the 
case of both (i) and (ii) above, without prejudice to the provisions of Condition 17 
(Taxation). 
(2) 
Payments of principal and interest in respect of Bearer Notes when represented by 
a Global Note and payments of principal in respect of Registered Notes when 
represented by a Global Registered Certificate will be made against presentation 
and surrender (if the Global Note is not intended to be issued in New Global Note 
form) or, as the case may be, presentation of the Global Note or Global Registered 
Certificate to or to the order of the Principal Paying Agent or, as the case may be, 
the Registrar, subject in all cases to any fiscal or other laws, regulations and 
directives applicable in the place of payment to the Issuer, the Principal Paying 
Agent or, as the case may be, the Registrar or the bearer or registered owner of 
the Global Note or Global Registered Certificate or any person (so long as the 
Global Note or Global Registered Certificate is held on behalf of Euroclear, 
Clearstream, Luxembourg, DTC or an Alternative Clearing System) shown in the 
records of Euroclear, Clearstream, Luxembourg or DTC (other than each Clearing 
System to the extent that it is an account holder with the other Clearing System for 
the purpose of operating the “bridge” between the Clearing Systems) or such 
Alternative Clearing System as the holder of a particular principal amount of the 
Notes. A record of each payment so made will be endorsed on the relevant 
schedule to the Global Note or Global Registered Certificate by or on behalf of the 
Principal Paying Agent or, as the case may be, the Registrar which endorsement 
shall be prima facie evidence that such payment has been made. 
(3) 
The bearer of a Global Note or the registered owner of a Global Registered 
Certificate shall be the only person entitled to receive payments of principal and 
interest on the Global Note or Global Registered Certificate and the Issuer will be 
discharged by payment to the bearer or registered owner of such Global Note or 
Global Registered Certificate in respect of each amount paid. So long as the 
relevant Global Note or Global Registered Certificate is held by or on behalf of 
Euroclear, Clearstream, Luxembourg, DTC or an Alternative Clearing System, 
each of the persons shown in the records of Euroclear, Clearstream, Luxembourg, 
DTC or such Alternative Clearing System as the holder of a Note must look solely 
to Euroclear, Clearstream, Luxembourg, DTC or such Alternative Clearing System, 
as the case may be, for its share of each payment so made by the Issuer to the 
bearer or registered owner of the Global Note or Global Registered Certificate 
subject to and in accordance with the respective rules and procedures of Euroclear, 
Clearstream, Luxembourg, DTC or such Alternative Clearing System, as the case 
may be. So long as the relevant Global Registered Certificate is registered in the 
name of a person other than a nominee for Euroclear, Clearstream, Luxembourg, 
DTC or an Alternative Clearing System, each of the persons shown in the records 
of such person as the holder of a Note must look solely to such person for its share 
of each payment so made by the Issuer to such person, subject to the rules and 
procedures established from time to time by such person. No person other than the 
bearer of the Global Note or the registered owner of the Global Registered 
Certificate shall have any entitlement to payments due by the Issuer on the Notes. 
(e) 
Unmatured Receipts and Coupons and unexchanged Talons

--- Page 126 ---
126
(1) 
Fixed Rate Notes which are Bearer Notes, other than Notes which are specified in 
the Final Terms or Pricing Supplement, as the case may be, to be Long Maturity 
Notes (being Fixed Rate Notes whose principal amount is less than the aggregate 
interest payable thereon on the relevant dates for payment of interest under 
Condition 6(a)) or Variable Coupon Notes, shall be surrendered for payment 
together with all unmatured Coupons (if any) appertaining thereto, failing which an 
amount equal to the face value of each missing unmatured Coupon (or, in the case 
of payment not being made in full, that proportion of the amount of such missing 
unmatured Coupon which the sum of principal so paid bears to the total principal 
due) will be deducted from the Redemption Amount due for payment. Any amount 
so deducted will be paid in the manner mentioned above against surrender of such 
missing Coupon within a period of 10 years from the Relevant Date (as defined in 
Condition 7(e)(3)) for the payment of such Redemption Amount (whether or not 
such Coupon has become void pursuant to Condition 11). 
(2) 
Subject to the provisions of the Constituting Instrument, upon the due date for 
redemption of any Floating Rate Note, Long Maturity Note or Variable Coupon 
Note which is a Bearer Note, unmatured Coupons relating to such Note (whether 
or not attached) shall become void and no payment shall be made in respect of 
them. 
(3) 
Upon the due date for redemption of any Bearer Note, any unexchanged Talon 
relating to such Bearer Note (whether or not attached) shall become void and no 
Coupon shall be delivered in respect of such Talon. 
(4) 
Upon the due date for redemption of any Note which is redeemable in instalments, 
all Receipts relating to such Note having an Instalment Date falling on or after such 
due date (whether or not attached) shall become void and no payment shall be 
made in respect of them. 
(5) 
Where any Floating Rate Note, Long Maturity Note or Variable Coupon Note which 
is a Bearer Note is presented for redemption without all unmatured Coupons and 
any unexchanged Talon relating to it, and where any Bearer Note is presented for 
redemption without any unexchanged Talon relating to it, redemption shall be 
made only against the provision of such indemnity as the Issuer may require. 
(6) 
If the due date for redemption of any Bearer Note is not a due date for payment of 
interest, interest accrued from the preceding due date for payment of interest or 
the Interest Commencement Date, as the case may be, shall only be payable 
against presentation (and surrender if appropriate) of the relevant Bearer Note. 
Interest accrued on a Registered Note from its Maturity Date in respect of which 
the Registered Certificate has been presented for payment of principal shall, save 
as otherwise provided in the Conditions, be paid in accordance with Condition 8(b). 
Interest accrued on a Zero Coupon Note from its Maturity Date shall be payable on 
redemption of such Zero Coupon Note against presentation thereof. 
(f) 
Non-business days
Subject as provided in the Constituting Instrument, if any date for payment in respect of 
any Note, Receipt or Coupon is not a business day, the holder shall not be entitled to 
payment until the next following business day nor to any interest or other sum in respect of 
such postponed payment. In this paragraph, “business day” means a day on which (i) 
banks are open for general business and carrying out transactions in the relevant currency

--- Page 127 ---
127
(a) in the relevant place of presentation (only where presentation is required), (b) in the 
place where payment is to be made, (c) in the Relevant Financial Centres set out in the 
applicable Final Terms or Pricing Supplement, as the case may be, referred to in the 
definition of Relevant Business Days; and (ii) in respect of any payment in Euro, a day on 
which the TARGET System is open. 
(g) 
Dual Currency Notes
The Pricing Supplement in respect of each Series of Dual Currency Notes shall specify 
the currency in which each payment in respect of the relevant Notes shall be made, the 
terms relating to any option relating to the currency in which any payment is to be made 
and the basis for calculating the amount of any relevant payment and the manner of 
payment thereof. 
(h) 
Talons
On or after the Interest Payment Date for the final Coupon forming part of a coupon sheet 
issued in respect of any Note, the Talon forming part of such coupon sheet may be 
surrendered at the specified office of the Principal Paying Agent or such other Paying 
Agent as is notified to the Noteholders in exchange for a further coupon sheet (but 
excluding any Coupons which may have become void pursuant to Condition 11). 
9. 
Events of Default
The Trustee at its discretion may, and if so directed (i) in writing by the holders of at least one-fifth 
in principal amount of the Notes of any Series then outstanding; or (ii) by an Extraordinary 
Resolution of the Noteholders shall, subject to its being indemnified and/or secured to its 
satisfaction, give notice to the Issuer that the Notes of such Series are, and they shall accordingly 
immediately become, due and repayable at their Early Redemption Amount, calculated as 
provided by Condition 7(f) (or, in the case of Zero Coupon Notes of a Series (unless the Final 
Terms or Pricing Supplement, as the case may be, provides otherwise or does not specify the 
Amortisation Yield and Day Count Fraction) at their Amortised Face Amount) and the security 
constituted by the relevant Constituting Instrument and any Additional Charging Instrument in 
respect of such Series shall become enforceable, and the proceeds of realisation of such security 
shall be applied pursuant to Condition 4(d) (all as provided by the Trust Deed), in any of the 
following events (“Events of Default”): 
(a) 
if default is made for the period specified in the Final Terms or Pricing Supplement, as the 
case may be, in the payment of any sum due in respect of such Notes or any of them 
(save as specifically provided in these Conditions); or 
(b) 
if the Issuer fails to perform or observe any of its other obligations under such Notes or the 
relevant Trust Deed and, if such failure is remediable, such failure continues for the period 
specified in the Final Terms or Pricing Supplement, as the case may be (or such longer 
period as the Trustee may permit), next following the service by the Trustee on the Issuer 
of notice requiring the same to be remedied (and, for such purposes, any failure to 
perform or observe any obligation shall be deemed remediable notwithstanding that the 
failure results from not doing an act or thing by a particular time); or 
(c) 
if any order shall be made by any competent court or other authority or any resolution 
passed for the winding-up or dissolution of the Issuer, save for the purposes of 
amalgamation, merger, consolidation, reorganisation or other similar arrangement on 
terms approved by the Trustee; or

--- Page 128 ---
128
(d) 
a decree or order by a court having jurisdiction is entered that declares the Issuer 
bankrupt (failliet), or approves a petition seeking a moratorium of payments (surséance 
van betaling), reorganisation, arrangement, adjustment or composition of or appoints a 
receiver, liquidator, assignee or sequestrator (or other similar official) of the Issuer or of 
any substantial part of its property, or orders the winding up or liquidation of its affairs or 
the competent Chamber of Commerce takes any action to dissolve the Issuer pursuant to 
Article 2:19 Dutch Civil Code (Burgerlijk Wetboek) (or any amendment, modification or re-
enactment thereof); or 
(e) 
a voluntary case or proceeding is initiated by the Issuer under any applicable insolvency 
law, including presentation to the court of an application for bankruptcy (faillissement), for 
an administration, liquidation or dissolution order, or seeking the appointment of a receiver, 
administrator, liquidator or other similar official in relation to the Issuer or to the whole or 
any substantial part of the undertaking or assets of the Issuer, or the competent Chamber 
of Commerce takes any action to dissolve the Issuer pursuant to Article 2:19 Dutch Civil 
Code (Burgerlijk Wetboek) (or any amendment, modification or re-enactment thereof), or a 
receiver, administrator, liquidator or other similar official is appointed in relation to the 
Issuer or in relation to the whole or any substantial part of the undertaking or assets of the 
Issuer or an encumbrancer takes possession or execution or other process is levied or 
enforced upon or sued out against the whole or any substantial part of the undertaking or 
assets of the Issuer; or 
(f) 
any event occurs with respect to the Issuer which, under the applicable laws of any 
jurisdiction, has an analogous effect of any of the events specified in (d) or (e) above. 
The Issuer has covenanted pursuant to the Trust Deed with the Trustee that, for so long as 
any Note remains outstanding, it shall provide a written confirmation to the Trustee 
annually that (as far as the Issuer is aware) no Event of Default or Potential Event of 
Default (each as defined in the Master Definitions) has occurred. 
The Issuer has further covenanted in the Trust Deed that it will give notice in writing to the 
Trustee promptly upon becoming aware of the occurrence of any Event of Default or 
Potential Event of Default and, at the same time as giving such notice to the Trustee, shall 
procure that a copy of the same is sent to each Rating Agency which has (at the request of 
the Issuer) assigned a rating to the Notes. 
10. 
Enforcement and Limited Recourse
Only the Trustee may pursue the remedies available under the Trust Deed, the Conditions and 
any Additional Charging Instrument to enforce the rights of the Noteholders of a Series or any 
other Secured Creditor in the order of priority applicable pursuant to Condition 4(d) as specified in 
the Final Terms or Pricing Supplement, as the case may be. Neither any holder of any Note or 
Receipt or Coupon (if any) of such Series nor any other Secured Creditor is entitled to proceed 
directly against the Issuer or the Collateral, unless the Trustee, having become bound to proceed 
in accordance with the terms of the relevant Trust Deed, any Additional Charging Instrument or 
the Conditions, fails or neglects to do so within a reasonable period and such failure or neglect is 
continuing, or (in any circumstances) against any assets of the Issuer other than the Collateral. 
After realisation of the security in respect of the Notes of such Series which has become 
enforceable and distribution of the net proceeds thereof in accordance with Condition 4 and save 
for lodging a claim in the liquidation of the Issuer initiated by another person or taking 
proceedings to obtain a declaration or judgment as to the obligations of the Issuer, neither the 
Trustee nor any Noteholder may take any further steps against the Issuer or any of its assets to 
recover any sum still unpaid in respect of the Notes or Receipts or Coupons (if any) nor may any

--- Page 129 ---
129
other Secured Creditor with the benefit of the security constituted by the Trust Deed take any 
further steps against the Issuer or any of its assets to recover any sum still unpaid in respect of 
the relevant Charged Agreement in respect of such Series and, in each case, all claims against 
the Issuer in respect of each of such sums unpaid shall be extinguished. In particular (but without 
limitation), none of the Trustee or any Noteholder or any other Secured Creditor shall be entitled 
to petition or take any other step for the winding-up of the Issuer in relation to such sums or 
otherwise, nor shall any of them have any claim in respect of any such sums or on any other 
account whatsoever over or in respect of any other assets of the Issuer. 
Such net proceeds may be insufficient to pay all the amounts due to each Swap 
Counterparty and to pay to the Noteholders amounts equal to the Scheduled Redemption 
Amount and the interest which would otherwise accrue to the date of redemption. In such 
event, any shortfall shall be borne by the Noteholders and by each Swap Counterparty (if 
any) and any other persons entitled to the benefit of the security pursuant to the 
Constituting Instrument according to the order of priority applicable pursuant to Condition 
4(d) as specified in the Final Terms or Pricing Supplement, as the case may be, and the 
Early Redemption Amount will reflect such shortfall in the case of the Noteholders. None 
of the Trustee, the Share Trustee, the Administrator, each Swap Counterparty (if any), the 
Arranger, the Dealers or any other person has any obligation to any Noteholders for 
payment of any amount by the Issuer in respect of the Notes or Receipts or Coupons (if 
any).
11. 
Prescription
Claims against the Issuer for payment in respect of the Notes, Receipts, Coupons and Talons (if 
any) shall be prescribed and become void unless made within 10 years (in the case of principal) 
or five years (in the case of interest) from the relevant due date for payment. 
12. 
Replacement of Notes, Receipts, Coupons and Talons
If any Bearer Note or Registered Note (in global or definitive form), Receipt, Coupon or Talon is 
lost, stolen, mutilated, defaced or destroyed it may be replaced, subject to all applicable laws and 
stock exchange requirements, at the specified office of the Principal Paying Agent (in the case of 
Bearer Notes) and the Registrar or any Transfer Agent (in the case of Registered Notes), upon 
payment by the claimant of the out-of-pocket expenses incurred in connection with such 
replacement and on such terms as to evidence, security, indemnity and otherwise as the Issuer 
may require. Mutilated or defaced Notes, Receipts, Coupons or Talons must be surrendered 
before replacements will be issued. In the case of a mutilated or defaced Bearer Note (unless 
otherwise covered by such indemnity as the Issuer may require) any replacement Bearer Note 
will only have attached to it Receipts, Coupons and/or Talons corresponding to those attached to 
the mutilated or defaced Bearer Note surrendered for replacement. 
13. 
Meetings of Noteholders, Modification, Waiver, Authorisation and Substitution
(a) 
Meetings of Noteholders, modifications and waiver
The Trust Deed provides for the convening meetings of Noteholders of a Series to 
consider matters affecting their interests, including the modification by Extraordinary 
Resolution of the Conditions, the Trust Deed applicable to the Series and/or, if applicable, 
any Additional Charging Instrument or any agreement or deed constituted or created by 
the Constituting Instrument applicable to the Series. The quorum at any such meeting for 
passing an Extraordinary Resolution will be two or more persons holding or representing a 
majority in principal amount of the Notes of the relevant Series for the time being

--- Page 130 ---
130
outstanding, or, at any adjourned such meeting, two or more persons being or 
representing Noteholders of the relevant Series, whatever the principal amount of the 
Notes so held or represented, except that, inter alia, the terms of the security and certain 
terms concerning the amount and currency and the postponement of the due dates of 
payment of the Notes or the Receipts or Coupons (if any) may be modified only by 
resolutions passed at a meeting the quorum at which shall be two or more persons 
holding or representing two-thirds, or, at any adjourned such meeting, not less than one-
third, in principal amount of the Notes for the time being outstanding. The holder of any 
Note representing the whole of a Series will be treated as being two persons for the 
purposes of any quorum requirements of a meeting of Noteholders. A resolution duly 
passed at any meeting of the Noteholders will be binding on all Noteholders of the 
relevant Series, whether or not they were present at such meeting. A resolution in writing 
signed by or on behalf of the holders of not less than 75 per cent. in principal amount of 
the Notes who for the time being are entitled to receive notice of the meeting shall for all 
purposes be as valid and effectual as an Extraordinary Resolution passed at a meeting of 
Noteholders of such Series. The Trustee may, without consulting the Noteholders, 
determine that an event which would otherwise be an Event of Default shall not be so 
treated but only if and insofar as in its opinion the interests of the Noteholders shall not be 
materially prejudiced thereby and only with the prior written consent of any Swap 
Counterparty (which consent may be granted or refused in the discretion of such Swap 
Counterparty) and provided, if the Notes are rated at the request of the Issuer by any 
Rating Agency, each such Rating Agency shall have been notified in advance thereof. The 
Trustee, in making such determination may take into account a confirmation (if any) given 
by any Rating Agency that its then current rating of the Notes will not be withdrawn or 
adversely affected as a result of the Trustee making such determination. The Trustee may 
also agree, without the consent of the Noteholders, but only with the prior written consent 
of any Swap Counterparty (such consent not to be unreasonably withheld or delayed, 
except in the event of an amendment being made to any security granted for the benefit of, 
among others, the Swap Counterparty) and provided that each Rating Agency shall have 
been notified in advance thereof (and S&P shall have confirmed to the Trustee that its 
then current rating of the Notes in question and any other Series of Notes that S&P has 
rated will not be withdrawn or adversely affected thereby) to: 
(i) 
any modification to the Conditions, the Constituting Instrument, the Trust Deed, or 
any Additional Charging Instrument, the Agency Agreement, any Custody 
Agreement or any Charged Agreement applicable to the Series or any other 
agreement or deed constituted or created by the Constituting Instrument applicable 
to the Series which is of a formal, minor or technical nature or is made to correct a 
manifest or proven error or is made as a result of any comments raised by The 
Luxembourg Stock Exchange in connection with an application to list a Series of 
Notes; and 
(ii) 
any other modification and any waiver or authorisation of any breach or proposed 
breach of any of the provisions of the Conditions, the Constituting Instrument, the 
Trust Deed or any Additional Charging Instrument, the Agency Agreement, any 
Custody Agreement or any Charged Agreement applicable to the Series, or any 
agreement or deed constituted or created by the Constituting Instrument applicable 
to the Series and to which the Issuer and/or the Trustee are a party or any 
accession by or substitution of any party to any such agreement or deed which in 
each case, in the opinion of the Trustee, is not materially prejudicial to the interests 
of the Noteholders of that Series and subject as provided by the relevant 
agreement or deed.

--- Page 131 ---
131
Any such modification, authorisation or waiver shall be binding on the Noteholders of that 
Series and the Swap Counterparty (if any) and, unless the Trustee agrees otherwise with 
the Issuer, such modification shall be notified to the Noteholders of that Series in 
accordance with Condition 14 and Luxembourg Stock Exchange (for so long as the Notes 
are listed thereon and The Luxembourg Stock Exchange so requires) as soon as 
practicable thereafter. 
(b) 
Authorisation
The Issuer will not exercise any rights in its capacity as a holder of, or person beneficially 
entitled to or participating in, the Charged Assets unless directed in writing to do so by the 
Trustee and, if such direction is given, the Issuer will act only in accordance with such 
directions. In particular, the Issuer will not attend or vote at any meeting of holders of, or 
other persons interested or participating in, or entitled to the rights or benefits (or a part 
thereof) of, the Charged Assets or give any consent, waiver, indulgence, time or 
notification or make any declaration in relation to such Charged Assets unless it shall have 
been so directed in writing by the Trustee. If any such persons aforesaid are at any time 
requested to give an indemnity to any person in relation to the Charged Assets or to 
assume obligations not otherwise assumed by them under any of the Charged Assets or 
to give up, waive or forego any of their rights and/or entitlements under any of the assets 
secured pursuant to the relevant Trust Deed and/or, if applicable, any Additional Charging 
Instrument, or agree any composition, compounding or other similar arrangement with 
respect to any of the additional Charged Assets or any part of them, the Issuer will not 
give such indemnity or otherwise assume such obligations or give up, waive or forego 
such rights or agree such composition, compounding or other arrangement unless (i) it 
shall have been so requested by the Trustee; and (ii) it shall have been counter-
indemnified to its satisfaction. 
The Trustee shall not be obliged to give any such direction or request to the Issuer in 
relation to the Charged Assets unless it is instructed to do so by any Swap Counterparty 
or by the holders of at least one-fifth in principal amount of the Notes of the relevant 
Series or by an Extraordinary Resolution of the Noteholders of such Series and then only 
if and to the extent that the Trustee is indemnified and/or secured to its satisfaction 
against any costs or liabilities which it may incur in doing so and the giving of such 
direction or request would not cause the Trustee or the Issuer to breach any applicable 
law, rule, regulation or directive. The Trustee shall be entitled to rely and act on any 
instruction given to it by any Swap Counterparty or such Noteholders or by Extraordinary 
Resolution and it shall not be liable to any person for the consequences of acting in 
accordance with such instruction. The Trustee shall not be responsible for monitoring or 
enquiring whether any rights have become exercisable by the Issuer in its capacity as the 
holder of any Charged Assets and shall not be liable to any person for any failure by the 
Issuer to exercise those rights. 
(c) 
Substitution of Issuer
The provisions of the Trust Deed permit the Trustee to agree, subject to such amendment 
of the Trust Deed, any Additional Charging Instrument, if applicable, and the other 
agreements and deeds constituted or created by the relevant Constituting Instrument, 
notification to any Rating Agency that has, at the request of the Issuer, assigned a rating 
to the relevant Series of Notes, the confirmation of S&P that its then current rating of any 
existing Series will not be withdrawn or adversely affected thereby, and such other 
conditions as the Trustee may require including the transfer of security and subject to the 
prior written approval of each Swap Counterparty (if any) (such approval not to be

--- Page 132 ---
132
unreasonably withheld or delayed), but without the consent of the Noteholders of any 
Series, to the substitution of any other company in place of the Issuer, or of any previous 
substituted company, as principal debtor under the relevant Trust Deed, any Additional 
Charging Instrument (if applicable) and the Notes, Receipts, Coupons and Talons (if any) 
in relation to any Series. In the case of such a substitution, the Trustee may agree, without 
the consent of the Noteholders of any Series, but subject to the prior written approval of 
each Swap Counterparty (if any) (such approval not to be unreasonably withheld or 
delayed), to a change of the law governing the Notes, the Receipts, the Coupons, the 
Talons (if any) and/or the Trust Deed and/or any Additional Charging Instrument and any 
other agreement or deed constituted or created by the Constituting Instrument with 
respect to the Series in question, provided that such change would not in the opinion of 
the Trustee be materially prejudicial to the interests of the Noteholders of the Series in 
question. 
(d) 
Entitlement of the Trustee
In connection with the exercise of its powers, trusts, authorities or discretions (including 
but not limited to those in relation to any proposed modification, waiver, authorisation or 
substitution as aforesaid) the Trustee shall not have regard to the consequences of such 
exercise for individual Noteholders or of holders of any other notes or bonds, resulting 
from their being for any purpose domiciled or resident in, or otherwise connected with, or 
subject to the jurisdiction of, any particular territory and the Trustee shall not be entitled to 
require, nor shall any Noteholder be entitled to claim, from the Issuer any indemnification 
or payment in respect of any tax consequence of any such exercise upon individual 
Noteholders. 
(e) 
Swap Counterparty 
If, in relation to the relevant Series, there is one or more Charged Agreements, the Issuer 
shall not agree to any amendment or modification of the Conditions, the Trust Deed and/or 
any Additional Charging Instrument, if applicable, without first obtaining the written 
consent of the relevant Swap Counterparty, which consent may be granted or refused in 
the discretion of such Swap Counterparty. 
14. 
Notices
Notices to Noteholders will be valid if (i) published in a leading newspaper having general 
circulation in Luxembourg (which is expected to be the Luxemburger Wort); (ii) on the website 
of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange (www.bourse.lu); or (iii) on the website of the Issuer 
(www.duniacapital.nl/). If any such publication is not practicable, notice will be validly given if 
published in another leading daily English language newspaper of general circulation in 
Europe. 
Notices to holders of Registered Notes will be posted to them at their respective addresses in 
the Register and deemed to have been given on the seventh day after the date of posting. 
Any such notice (other than to holders of Registered Notes as specified above) shall be 
deemed to have been given on the date of such publication or, if published more than once or 
on different dates, on the first date on which publication is made. Receiptholders, 
Couponholders and Talonholders will be deemed for all purposes to have notice of the 
contents of any notice given to the holders of Bearer Notes in accordance with this Condition.

--- Page 133 ---
133
So long as any Notes are represented by Global Notes or Global Registered Certificates 
notices in respect of those Notes may be given by delivery of the relevant notice to 
Clearstream, Luxembourg, Euroclear, DTC or the relevant Alternative Clearing System for 
communication by them to entitled account holders or (in the case of a Global Registered 
Certificate registered in the name of a person other than a nominee for Euroclear, 
Clearstream, Luxembourg, or an Alternative Clearing System) to such person for 
communication by it to those persons entered in the records of such person as being entitled 
to such notice, in each case, in substitution (unless the Notes are listed on the Official List of 
the Luxembourg Stock Exchange and admitted to trading thereon, or on such other regulated 
markets or further stock exchanges as may be agreed between the Issuer and the Dealers, in 
which case, notices to holders of such Notes will also be published in accordance with the 
rules and regulations of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange, or the rules of such other 
regulated markets or further stock exchanges on which the relevant Notes are listed and 
admitted to trading) for publication as aforesaid. 
15. 
Indemnification of the Trustee
The Trust Deed provides for the indemnification of the Trustee and for its relief from responsibility 
for the validity, sufficiency and enforceability (which the Trustee has not investigated) of the 
security created over the Collateral, including provisions relieving it from taking proceedings to 
enforce repayment or from taking any action in accordance with the Constituting Instrument or 
any Additional Charging Instrument without being first indemnified and/or secured to its 
satisfaction. The Trustee is entitled to enter into business transactions with the Issuer, any issuer 
or guarantor of, or other obligor in respect of, the assets, rights and/or benefits comprising the 
Charged Assets, any Swap Counterparty, any Agent or any of their respective subsidiaries or 
associated companies without accounting to the holders of Notes, Receipts or Coupons for any 
profit resulting therefrom. 
The Trust Deed provides that the Trustee is exempted from any liability in respect of any loss, 
diminution in value or theft of all or any part of the Collateral, from any obligation to insure all or 
any part of the Collateral (including, in either such case, any documents evidencing, constituting 
or representing the same or transferring any rights, benefits and/or obligations thereunder) or to 
procure the same to be insured and from any claim arising from all or any part of the Collateral (or 
any such document aforesaid) being held in an account with Euroclear, Clearstream, 
Luxembourg, DTC or an Alternative Clearing System in accordance with that system’s rules or 
otherwise held in safe custody by the Custodian or a bank or other custodian selected by the 
Trustee or the Custodian. 
The Trust Deed provides that the Trustee will be under no obligation or duty to act on any 
directions of the Noteholders or any Swap Counterparty (save as expressly provided in these 
Conditions, the Trust Deed and (save as aforesaid)), in the event of any conflict between 
directions given by the Noteholders and by any Swap Counterparty, it shall be entitled to act in 
accordance only with the directions of the Noteholders unless such Swap Counterparty gives 
directions to the Trustee in connection with any failure to pay when due any amount at any time 
owing to such Swap Counterparty in respect of the relevant Charged Agreement or (as the case 
may be) the Agency Agreement or Custody Agreement the payment or repayment of which is 
secured pursuant to the Trust Deed, in which case the Trustee shall be entitled to act in 
accordance only with the directions of any Swap Counterparty (but without prejudice to the 
provisions concerning enforcement of the security under Condition 4(c) and the Constituting 
Instrument and to the provisions concerning the application of moneys received by the Trustee in 
accordance with Condition 4(d) and the Trust Deed).

--- Page 134 ---
134
The Trust Deed provides that the Trustee shall not be bound or concerned to make any 
investigation into the creditworthiness of any Swap Counterparty or of any obligor under any 
Charged Assets or the validity or enforceability of any of the obligations of any Swap 
Counterparty, under any Charged Agreement or of any obligor under the terms of any Charged 
Assets (including, without limitation, whether the cashflows from any Charged Assets, the 
Charged Agreement and the Notes are matched).  
16. 
Further Issues
Without prejudice to the issue by the Issuer of a Series of Notes comprising more than one 
Tranche or class of Notes in the manner contemplated by Condition 3, the Issuer shall be at 
liberty from time to time without the consent of the Noteholders to: 
(a) 
create and issue Series of Notes on terms that such Series shall not be 
consolidated with or form a single series with any other Series of Notes and will not 
be secured on the Collateral or underlying assets for or in relation to any such 
Series and will form a separate Series of Notes; or  
(b) 
If this Condition 16(b) is stated by the Final Terms or Pricing Supplement, as the 
case may be, to be applicable, create and issue notes (“Further Notes”) on terms 
that such Further Notes shall be consolidated and form a single Series with the 
Notes of any existing Series (an “Existing Series”) but so long as any Rating 
Agency that has, at the request of the Issuer, assigned a rating to the Existing 
Series has been notified and confirmation is obtained from S&P if it has, at the 
request of the Issuer, assigned a rating to the Existing Series that its then current 
rating of the Notes of the relevant Existing Series will not be withdrawn or 
adversely affected thereby and provided that: 
(i) 
the Further Notes together with the Notes of the Existing Series are 
secured on the Issuer’s right, title and interest in and to the Charged Assets 
for the Existing Series (the “Original Charged Assets”) and assets (the 
“Further Charged Assets”) which are identical to the Original Charged 
Assets in every material respect and the nominal amount of which bears 
the same proportion to the nominal amount of the Further Notes as the 
proportion which the nominal amount of the Original Charged Assets bears 
to the nominal amount of the Notes of such Existing Series; 
(ii) 
the Conditions of the Further Notes are identical to the Conditions of the 
Notes of such Existing Series except in respect of the first amount of 
interest (if any) in respect thereof;  
(iii) 
the Further Notes are constituted by a constituting instrument supplemental 
to the Constituting Instrument in respect of the Notes of such Existing 
Series (the “Further Constituting Instrument”); 
(iv) 
if the Issuer has entered into a Charged Agreement (the “Original Charged 
Agreement”) in respect of such Existing Series, the Issuer enters into an 
agreement or agreements supplemental to the Original Charged Agreement 
(the “Further Charged Agreement”) extending the provisions of the 
Original Charged Agreement, pro rata, to cover amounts receivable in 
respect of the Further Charged Assets and the obligations of the Issuer in 
respect of the Further Notes;

--- Page 135 ---
135
(v) 
the security interests granted by the Issuer in such Further Constituting 
Instrument and/or any further Additional Charging Instrument executed 
pursuant to such Further Constituting Instrument are granted to the Trustee 
(i) for any Swap Counterparty (if there is a Further Charged Agreement) to 
secure the obligations of the Issuer under both the Original Charged 
Agreement and the Further Charged Agreement (ii) for all of the 
Noteholders of the consolidated Series on the same basis as that 
applicable to the Noteholders of the Existing Series and (iii) for any other 
Secured Creditor on the same basis as that applicable to such Secured 
Creditor in respect of the Existing Series;  
(vi) 
in the case of an Existing Series which is rated by any Rating Agency at the 
request of the Issuer each rating (if any) of the Charged Assets and the 
Further Charged Assets at the date of issue of the Further Notes will be 
identical to the rating (if any) of the Original Charged Assets at the date of 
issue of the Notes of the Existing Series. 
Upon any issue of Further Notes pursuant to this Condition 16, all references in these Conditions 
to “Notes”, “Charged Assets”, “Constituting Instrument” and “Charged Agreement” shall be 
deemed (where the context permits) to be references to the Notes and the Further Notes 
(including, where the context admits, any Receipts, Coupons or Talons appertaining thereto), the 
Original Charged Assets and the Further Charged Assets, the Constituting Instrument and the 
Further Constituting Instrument, and the Original Charged Agreement and the Further Charged 
Agreement, respectively. The Issuer may not, without the consent of the Noteholders by 
Extraordinary Resolution, issue any separate Series of Notes (other than Further Notes, as 
described above) which are secured on the assets comprised in the Collateral for the Notes of 
this Series except as otherwise specified (and then only to the extent so specified) in the 
Constituting Instrument relating to the Notes. 
Further, if the Notes are rated (at the request of the Issuer) by any Rating Agency or Rating 
Agencies the Issuer undertakes to the Trustee, the Noteholders and each Swap Counterparty in 
relation to the Notes that it will promptly notify the Trustee and such Rating Agency or Rating 
Agencies of each Discrete Series to be created or issued by it or Alternative Investments to be 
entered into by it, prior to the creation or issue or entering into thereof and shall, prior to the 
creation or issue of such Discrete Series or the entering into of such Alternative Investments, 
obtain written confirmation from S&P, if S&P has, at the request of the Issuer, assigned a rating to 
the relevant Series of Notes, that its then current rating of the relevant Series Notes will not be 
adversely affected or withdrawn as a result of the issue or creation of such Discrete Series or the 
entering into of such Alternative Investments (whether or not such Discrete Series or Alternative 
Investments are to be rated, at the request of the Issuer, by S&P). 
Unless specified to the contrary in the Constituting Instrument, the provisions of Condition 16(b) 
(i), (ii), (iv), (v), (vi) and (vii) shall apply, mutatis mutandis, to any subsequent re-sale or re-issue 
of the Notes contemplated and permitted by such Constituting Instrument pursuant to Condition 
7(s). 
17. 
Taxation
All payments in respect of the Notes, Receipts or Coupons (if any) will be made without 
withholding or deduction for, or on account of, any present or future taxes, duties or charges of 
whatsoever nature unless the Issuer or the Registrar or any Transfer Agent or any Paying Agent 
is required by applicable law to make any such payment in respect of the Notes, Receipts or 
Coupons (if any) subject to any withholding or deduction for, or on account of, any present or

--- Page 136 ---
136
future taxes, duties or charges of whatsoever nature (including, where applicable, laws requiring 
the deduction or withholding for, or on account of, any tax, duty or other charge whatsoever or 
pursuant to FATCA (as described in Condition 8(d)(1))). In that event, the Issuer or such Paying 
Agent, Registrar or Transfer Agent (as the case may be) shall make such payment after such 
withholding or deduction has been made and shall account to the relevant authorities within the 
time allowed for the amount so required to be withheld or deducted. Neither the Issuer, the Swap 
Counterparty, the Arranger nor any Paying Agent, Registrar or Transfer Agent will be obliged to 
make any additional payments to the Noteholders in respect of such withholding or deduction. 
18. 
Governing Law and Submission to Jurisdiction
The Trust Deed, the relevant Constituting Instrument, the Agency Agreement, the Custody 
Agreement (if any) and the Charged Agreement (if any) and the Notes, the Receipts, the 
Coupons and the Talons (if any) and all other documents to which, by execution of the 
Constituting Instrument, the Issuer becomes a party in respect of a Series, and any non-
contractual obligations arising therefrom or connected therewith, are governed by and shall be 
construed in accordance with English law. Each Additional Charging Instrument (if any) shall be 
governed by and construed in accordance with the law specified therein. Each Charged 
Agreement (if any) shall be governed by and construed in accordance with English law, unless 
otherwise specified in the Constituting Instrument. The Issuer has submitted to the jurisdiction of 
the English courts for all purposes in connection with the Notes, the Receipts, the Coupons and 
the Talons (if any), the Trust Deed, the Agency Agreement and the Custody Agreement (if any) 
(whether arising out of or in connection with contractual or non-contractual obligations) and by the 
Constituting Instrument has appointed an agent in London to accept service of process on its 
behalf in connection with service of proceedings in the English courts. 
Save as specified otherwise in the Constituting Instrument, no person shall have any right to 
enforce any of the Conditions of the Notes under the Contracts (Rights of Third Parties) Act 1999.

--- Page 137 ---
137
FORM OF FINAL TERMS FOR LISTED NOTES 
PROHIBITION OF SALES TO EEA RETAIL INVESTORS: The Notes are not intended to 
be offered, sold or otherwise made available to and should not be offered, sold or 
otherwise made available to any retail investor in the European Economic Area 
(“EEA”). For these purposes, a retail investor means a person who is one (or more) of:  
(I)  
a retail client as defined in point (11) of Article 4(1) of Directive 2014/65/EU, 
as amended (“MiFID II”);  
(II)  
a customer within the meaning of Directive (EU) 2016/97/EU (as amended, 
the “Insurance Distribution Directive”), where that customer would not 
qualify as a professional client as defined in point (10) of Article 4(1) of 
MiFID II; or  
(III)  
not a qualified investor as defined in Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 (as 
amended, the “Prospectus Regulation”).  
Consequently no key information document required by Regulation (EU) no 1286/2014, 
as amended (the “PRIIPS Regulation”) for offering or selling the Notes or otherwise 
making them available to retail investors in the EEA has been prepared and therefore 
offering or selling the Notes or otherwise making them available to any retail investor 
in the EEA may be unlawful under the PRIIPS Regulation. 
PROHIBITION OF SALES TO UK RETAIL INVESTORS – The Notes are not intended to 
be offered, sold or otherwise made available to and should not be offered, sold or 
otherwise made available to any retail investor in the United Kingdom (“UK”). For 
these purposes, a retail investor means a person who is one (or more) of:  
(I)  
a retail client, as defined in point (8) of Article 2 of Regulation (EU) No 
2017/565 as it forms part of domestic law by virtue of the European Union 
(Withdrawal) Act 2018 (“EUWA”);  
(II)  
a customer within the meaning of the provisions of the FSMA and any rules 
or regulations made under the FSMA to implement Directive (EU) 2016/97, 
where that customer would not qualify as a professional client, as defined 
in point (8) of Article 2(1) of Regulation (EU) No 600/2014 as it forms part of 
domestic law by virtue of the EUWA; or  
(III) 
not a qualified investor as defined in Article 2 of Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 
as it forms part of domestic law by virtue of the EUWA.  
Consequently no key information document required by Regulation (EU) No 1286/2014 
as it forms part of domestic law by virtue of the EUWA (the “UK PRIIPs Regulation”) 
for offering or selling the Notes or otherwise making them available to retail investors 
in the UK has been prepared and therefore offering or selling the Notes or otherwise 
making them available to any retail investor in the UK may be unlawful under the UK 
PRIIPs Regulation.  
[MiFID II product governance / professional investors and ECPs only target market – 
Solely for the purposes of the manufacturer’s product approval process, the target 
market assessment in respect of the Notes has led to the conclusion that:

--- Page 138 ---
138
(I)  
the target market for the Notes is eligible counterparties and professional 
clients only, each as defined in [Directive 2014/65/EU (as amended, “MiFID 
II”)][ MiFID II]; and  
(II)  
all channels for distribution of the Notes to eligible counterparties and 
professional clients are appropriate. 
Any person subsequently offering, selling or recommending the Notes (a “distributor”) 
should take into consideration the manufacturer’s target market assessment; however, 
a distributor subject to MiFID II is responsible for undertaking its own target market 
assessment in respect of the Notes (by either adopting or refining the manufacturer’s 
target market assessment) and determining appropriate distribution channels.]

--- Page 139 ---
139
Final Terms dated [•]
DUNIA Capital B.V. 
with its seat (zetel) in Amsterdam, the Netherlands 
Legal Entity Identifier: 7245004A5VZ0AHE6LE32 
Issue of [Aggregate Nominal Amount of Tranche] [Title of Notes] 
under the 
EUR 5,000,000,000 Programme 
for the issue of Notes and the making of Alternative Investments
PART A – CONTRACTUAL TERMS 
The Notes designated as above (the “Notes”) will be subject to the terms and conditions (the 
“Master Conditions”) included by reference into the Constituting Instrument for the Notes and 
reproduced in the Programme Prospectus dated 15 December 2022 [as supplemented by the 
Supplement dated [•]] which [together] constitute[s] a base prospectus for the purposes of Article 
8 of the Prospectus Regulation and to the following terms (such terms, together with any 
schedules hereto, the “Final Terms” in relation to the Notes). Full information on the Issuer and 
the Notes is only available on the basis of the combination of these Final Terms and the 
Programme Prospectus [as so supplemented]. The Programme Prospectus has been published 
on the Luxembourg Stock Exchange website (www.bourse.lu). [These Final Terms will be 
available in electronic form on the website of the Issuer (www.duniacapital.nl).] 
Terms used in these Final Terms shall have the same meanings for the purposes of the Master 
Conditions.  
The expression “Prospectus Regulation” means Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 of the European 
Parliament and of the Counsel of 14 June 2017 (and amendments thereto). 
1. 
Additional Parties: 
Determination Agent: 
[•] [Not applicable] 
Authorised Representative: 
[the initial Authorised Representative is [•]] [Not 
applicable] 
2. 
Series details: 
(i) Series Number: 
[•]. 
(ii) Tranche Number: 
(iii) Total amount of securities 
admitted to trading:  
[•] [Not applicable] 
[] 
(iv) Date on which the Notes 
become fungible: 
[Not Applicable] [The Notes shall be consolidated, 
form a single series and be interchangeable for 
trading purposes with the Series [•] [Aggregate 
Nominal Amount of Tranche] [Title of Notes] on

--- Page 140 ---
140
exchange of the Temporary Global Note for interests 
in the Permanent Global Notes, as referred to in 
paragraph 33 below which is expected to occur on 
or about [insert date]]. 
(v) Type and class of the Notes: 
The Notes are [Fixed Rate Notes] [Floating Rate 
Notes] [Zero Coupon Notes] [Variable Coupon 
Notes]. 
3. 
Specified 
Currency 
or 
Currencies: 
[•] 
4. 
Issue Price: 
[•] per cent. 
5. 
Denominations: 
(i) 
Authorised Denominations: 
[•]  
[In respect of issues of Notes to be admitted to 
trading on the Luxembourg Stock Exchange’s 
regulated market or any other European regulated 
market, no Notes will be issued under the 
Programme which have a minimum denomination of 
less than EUR 100,000]  
[In relation to any issue of Notes which are a “Global 
Note 
exchangeable 
to 
Definitive 
Notes” 
in 
circumstances 
other 
than 
“in 
the 
limited 
circumstances specified in the Global Note”, such 
Notes may only be issued in denominations equal 
to, or greater than, EUR 100,000 (or equivalent) and 
multiples thereof] 
(ii) 
Calculation Amount: 
[•] 
6. 
Issue Date: 
[•] 
7. 
Maturity Date: 
[•] 
8. 
Interest Basis: 
[[•] per cent. Fixed Rate] 
[[EURIBOR] 
[CMS] 
[SONIA] 
[SOFR] 
[TONA] 
[ESTR]] +/- [•] per cent. Floating Rate] 
[Zero Coupon] 
[Variable Coupon Note] 
9. 
Put/Call Options: 
[Noteholder option – Condition 7(g)(1) is [applicable] 
[not applicable]] 
[Issuer option– Condition 7(g)(2) [applicable] [not 
applicable]]

--- Page 141 ---
141
10. 
Date approval for issuance of 
Notes obtained: 
[•] 
11. 
Charged Agreement: 
[Not applicable] [Applicable]  
[By entering into the Constituting Instrument for the 
Notes, the Issuer and the Swap Counterparty have 
entered 
into 
the 
Charged 
Agreement 
which 
comprises a swap agreement incorporating the 
International Swaps and Derivatives Association, 
Inc. form of Master Agreement (1992 Edition) 
(Multicurrency Cross-Border) and a schedule thereto 
and which is supplemented by [a credit support 
annex and] [a confirmation] [confirmations] dated [•] 
relating to an [interest rate] [and] [or] [currency] swap 
transaction.]
12. 
Additional Charging Instrument: 
[Not applicable] [Applicable] 
13. 
Priority: 
For the purposes of Condition 4(d), [Noteholder 
Priority] [Swap Counterparty Priority] [Adjusted 
Swap Counterparty Priority] [Further Adjusted Swap 
Counterparty Priority] is applicable. 
PROVISIONS RELATING TO INTEREST (IF ANY) PAYABLE
14. 
Provisions Relating to Interest 
Payable on the Notes: 
(i) 
Interest 
Commencement 
Date: 
[Issue Date] [•] [Not Applicable] 
(ii)
Accrual: 
[Interest shall cease to accrue on the Maturity Date 
or such earlier date on which the Notes may be 
redeemed.] 
or 
[Adjusted 
Interest 
Accrual 
is 
applicable.] 
(iii) 
Minimum Interest Rate: 
[•] [Not Applicable] 
(iv) 
Maximum Interest Rate: 
[•] [Not Applicable] 
15. 
[Fixed Rate Note Provisions:
[Not applicable] [Applicable]. 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-
paragraphs of this paragraph.) 
(i) 
Interest Rate: 
[•] per cent. per annum payable in arrears on each 
Interest Payment Date

--- Page 142 ---
142
(ii) 
Interest Payment Dates: 
[•] in each year, commencing on, and including, [•] 
and ending on, and including, [•], subject in each 
case to adjustment in accordance with the Business 
Day Convention 
(iii) 
Interest Periods: 
[Adjusted Interest Periods applicable.] [Unadjusted 
Interest Periods applicable.] 
(iv) 
Interest Accrual Dates: 
[•] [Not applicable]. 
(v) 
Fixed Coupon Amount[(s)]:
[[*] per Calculation Amount] [Not applicable]. 
(vi) 
Broken Amount(s): 
[[*] per Calculation Amount, payable on the Interest 
Payment Date falling [in/on] [*]] [Not applicable]. 
(vii) 
Relevant Business Day: 
[•] 
(viii) 
Day Count Fraction: 
[Actual/Actual] [Actual/Actual (ISDA)] [Act/365L] 
[Actual/Actual ICMA] 
[Actual/365(Fixed)] 
[Actual/360] 
[30/360] [360/360] [Bond Basis] 
[30E/360] [Eurobond Basis] 
(ix) 
Business Day Convention: 
[Following Business Day Convention] [Modified 
Following Business Day Convention] [Preceding 
Business Day Convention] 
(x) 
Step-up: 
[Applicable] [Not Applicable]. 
(xi) 
Step-up Dates: 
[•] [Not Applicable]. 
(xii) 
Step-up Rate: 
[•] [Not Applicable]. 
(xiii) 
Step-down: 
[Applicable] [Not Applicable]. 
(xiv) 
Step-down Dates: 
[•] [Not Applicable]. 
(xv) 
Step-down Rate: 
[•] [Not Applicable].] 
16. 
[Floating Rate Note Provisions: 
[Not applicable] [Applicable]  
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-
paragraphs of this paragraph.) 
(i) 
Interest Payment Dates: 
[•] in each year, commencing on, and including, [•] 
and ending on, and including, [•], subject in each 
case to adjustment in accordance with the Business

--- Page 143 ---
143
Day Convention 
(ii) 
Interest Periods: 
[Adjusted Interest Periods applicable.] [Unadjusted 
Interest Periods applicable.] 
(iii) 
Interest Accrual Dates: 
[•] [Not applicable]. 
(iv) 
Business Day Convention: 
[Following Business Day Convention] [Modified 
Following Business Day Convention] [Preceding 
Business 
Day 
Convention] 
[Floating 
Rate 
Convention] 
(v) 
Relevant Financial Centre: 
[•] 
(vi) 
Primary Source for Interest 
Rate Quotations: 
[Specified page] [Reference Banks] 
(vii) 
Interest Determination 
Date: 
[•] 
(viii) 
Spread: 
[•] per cent. per annum 
(ix) 
Spread Multiplier: 
[•] [Not applicable] 
(x) 
Benchmark: 
[•] 
(xi) 
Reference Banks: 
[•] [Not applicable] 
(xii) 
Reference 
Rate 
Trade 
Date: 
[] [Not applicable] 
(xiii) 
Pre-nominated 
Replacement Reference 
Rate: 
[] [Not applicable] 
(xiv) 
Relevant Business Day: 
[•] 
(xv)  
Day Count Fraction: 
[Actual/Actual] [Actual/Actual (ISDA)] [Act/365L] 
[Actual/Actual ICMA] 
[Actual/365(Fixed)] 
[Actual/360] 
[30/360] [360/360] [Bond Basis] 
[30E/360] [Eurobond Basis] 
(xvi)  Step-up: 
[Applicable] [Not Applicable]. 
(xvii)  Step-up Date(s): 
[•] [Not Applicable].

--- Page 144 ---
144
(xviii)  Step-up Rate(s): 
[•] [Not Applicable]. 
(xix)  Step-down: 
[Applicable] [Not Applicable]. 
(xx) 
Step-down Date(s): 
[•] [Not Applicable]. 
(xxi) 
Step-down Rate(s): 
[•] [Not Applicable]. 
17. 
Zero Coupon Note Provisions: 
[Not applicable] [Applicable]  
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-
paragraphs of this paragraph.)
(i) 
Amortisation Yield: 
[•] per cent. per annum 
(ii)  
Day Count Fraction: 
[Actual/Actual] [Actual/Actual (ISDA)] [Act/365L] 
[Actual/Actual ICMA] 
[Actual/365(Fixed)] 
[Actual/360] 
[30/360] [360/360] [Bond Basis] 
[30E/360] [Eurobond Basis] 
18. 
Variable 
Coupon 
Note 
Provisions: 
[Not applicable] [Applicable]  
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-
paragraphs of this paragraph.)
(i) 
Interest Payment Dates: 
[•] in each year, commencing on, and including, [•] 
and ending on, and including, [•], subject in each 
case to adjustment in accordance with the Business 
Day Convention 
(ii) 
Interest Periods: 
[Adjusted Interest Periods applicable.] [Unadjusted 
Interest Periods applicable.] 
(iii) 
Interest Accrual Dates: 
[•] [Not applicable]. 
(iv) 
Business Day Convention: 
[Following Business Day Convention] [Modified 
Following Business Day Convention] [Preceding 
Business 
Day 
Convention] 
[Floating 
Rate 
Convention] 
(v) 
Relevant Business Day: 
[•]. 
(vi) 
Day Count Fraction:
[Actual/Actual] [Actual/Actual (ISDA)] [Act/365L]

--- Page 145 ---
145
[Actual/Actual ICMA] 
[Actual/365(Fixed)] 
[Actual/360] 
[30/360] [360/360] [Bond Basis] 
[30E/360] [Eurobond Basis] 
(vii)
Initial Rate: 
[•] [Not applicable]. 
(viii) Final Rate: 
[•] [Not applicable]. 
(ix)
Trigger Condition: 
[The Trigger Condition is satisfied to the extent that 
the Reference Rate on the relevant Trigger Event 
Date, is [lower than the Trigger Rate] [higher than 
the Trigger Rate].] [Not applicable]
(x)
Trigger Event Date(s): 
[•] [Not applicable].
(xi)
Interest 
Basis 
Change 
Date(s): 
[•] [Not applicable]. 
(xii)
Reference Rate: 
[•] [Not applicable]. 
(xiii) Trigger Rate: 
[•] [Not applicable]. 
(xiv) Base Rate: 
[•] [Not applicable]. 
(xv) Extra Spread: 
[•] [Not applicable]. 
(xvi) Additional Coupon: 
[Applicable. The Additional Coupon Amount(s) are 
payable in the event that the Trigger Condition [has] 
[has not] been satisfied.] [Not applicable] 
(xvii) Additional Coupon Payment 
Date(s): 
[•] [Not applicable] 
(xviii) Additional 
Coupon 
Amount(s): 
[•] [Not applicable] 
PROVISIONS RELATING TO REDEMPTION 
19. 
Call/Put Option: 
[Noteholder option – Condition 7(g)(1) is [applicable] 
[not applicable]] 
[Issuer option– Condition 7(g)(2) is [applicable] [not 
applicable]] 
(If neither applicable, delete the remaining sub-

--- Page 146 ---
146
paragraphs of this paragraph.)
(i)
Optional 
Redemption 
Date(s): 
[•] [Not applicable] 
(ii)
Noteholder 
Optional 
Redemption 
Amount(s) 
of 
each Note: 
[•] [Not applicable] 
(iii)
Issuer Optional Redemption 
Amount(s) of each Note: 
[•] [Not applicable] 
(iv)
If redeemable in part: 
[Pursuant to Condition 7(g)(2), the Notes are 
redeemable 
in 
[part] 
[whole 
only]. 
[Partial 
redemption will be effected by [the selection of 
whole Notes] [pro rata payment]]] [Not applicable] 
20. 
Scheduled Redemption Amount 
of each Note: 
(i)
Redemption in cash: 
[•] per Calculation Amount1
(ii)
Redemption by delivery of 
Charged Assets:
Condition 7(f)(6) is not applicable. 
21. 
Mandatory Redemption: 
(i)
Charged 
Assets 
Acceleration:
[Applicable] [Not applicable] 
(ii)
Charged 
Assets 
Payment 
Default:
[Applicable] [Not applicable] 
(iii)
Charged Assets Termination:
[Applicable] [Not applicable] 
22. 
Redemption on Termination of 
Charged Agreement: 
Condition 7(c) [shall] [shall not] apply. 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-
paragraphs of this paragraph.)
(i)
Swap 
Counterparty 
Novation:
[Applicable] [Not applicable] 
(ii)
Noteholder 
Novation 
Consent:
[Applicable] [Not applicable] 
(iii)
Swap Replacement Period:
[•] 
23. 
Redemption for taxation: 
Condition 7(d) [shall] [shall not] apply 
Condition 7(d)(2) [shall] [shall not] apply 
1 The Scheduled Redemption Amount in cash of each Note at maturity will always be a minimum of 
100 per cent. of its Calculation Amount.

--- Page 147 ---
147
Condition 7(d)(3) [shall] [shall not] apply 
24. 
Early 
Redemption 
of 
Zero 
Coupon Notes: 
Condition 7(e) [shall] [shall not] apply 
25. 
Redemption 
for 
Regulatory 
Event: 
Condition 7(h) [shall] [shall not] apply 
26. 
Redemption by Instalments: 
Condition 7(u) [shall] [shall not] apply 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-
paragraphs of this paragraph.)
(i)
Instalment Dates: 
[•] 
(ii)
Instalment Amounts: 
[•] 
27. 
Maximum/Minimum Redemption 
Amounts: 
[Applicable] [Not applicable] 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-
paragraphs of this paragraph.)
(i)
Maximum 
Redemption 
Amount: 
[•] 
(ii)
Minimum 
Redemption 
Amount: 
[•] 
28. 
Redemption on Event of Default: 
For the purposes of Condition 9(a), the period shall 
be [] days.  
For the purposes of Condition 9(b) the period shall 
be [] days. 
GENERAL PROVISIONS APPLICABLE TO THE NOTES 
29. 
Notes 
issued 
in 
bearer 
or 
registered form: 
[Bearer] [Registered] 
30. 
New Global Note: 
[Yes] [No] 
[For Global Bearer Notes] 
31. 
New Safekeeping Structure: 
[Yes] [No] 
[For Global Registered Certificates] 
32. 
Intended to be held in a manner 
which would allow Eurosystem 
eligibility: 
[Yes. Note that the designation “yes” simply means 
that the Notes are intended upon issue to be 
deposited with one of the ICSDs as common 
safekeeper [(and registered in the name of a 
nominee of one of the ICSDs acting as common 
safekeeper),][include this text for registered notes] 
and does not necessarily mean that the Notes will be

--- Page 148 ---
148
recognized as eligible collateral for Eurosystem 
monetary policy and intra day credit operations by 
the Eurosystem either upon issue or at any or all 
times during their life. Such recognition will depend 
upon the ECB being satisfied that Eurosystem 
eligibility criteria have been met.]  
[Include this text if “Yes” selected in which case 
Bearer Notes must be issued in NGN form/ 
Registered Notes must be issued under the New 
Safekeeping Structure]
[No. Whilst the designation is specified as “no” at the 
date of these Final Terms, should the Eurosystem 
eligibility criteria be amended in the future such that 
the Notes are capable of meeting them the Notes 
may then be deposited with one of the ICSDs as 
common safekeeper [(and registered in the name of 
a nominee of one of the ICSDs acting as common 
safekeeper),][include this text for registered notes]. 
Note that this does not necessarily mean that the 
Notes will then be recognised as eligible collateral 
for Eurosystem monetary policy and intra day credit 
operations by the Eurosystem at any time during 
their life. Such recognition will depend upon the ECB 
being satisfied that Eurosystem eligibility criteria 
have been met.]] 
33. 
Whether Notes will be TEFRA C 
Notes or TEFRA D Notes: 
[TEFRA C Notes] [TEFRA D Notes]
34. 
U.S. 
federal 
income 
tax 
considerations: 
[Insert if the Issuer has determined that the Notes 
are NOT Specified Instruments: The Notes are not 
Specified Instruments for purposes of Section 
871(m) Regulations.] 
[Insert if the Issuer has determined that the Notes 
are Specified Instruments: The Issuer has 
determined that this Note substantially replicates the 
economic performance of one or more U.S. 
Underlying Equities and is therefore a Specified 
Instrument for purposes of Section 871(m) 
Regulations. Additional information regarding the 
application of Section 871(m) Regulations on the 
Notes is available on request at Intesa Sanpaolo 
S.p.A. by contacting [specify the relevant email 
address]. 
Section 871(m) Regulations’ withholding tax will be 
at a rate of [●] per cent. and will be withheld by 
[specify]]. 
35. 
Provisions in relation to Bearer 
[Applicable] [Not applicable]

--- Page 149 ---
149
Notes: 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-
paragraphs of this paragraph.)
(i)
Provisions for exchange of 
Temporary Global Note: 
[Not applicable] [The Temporary Global Note shall 
be exchangeable for a Permanent Global Note on or 
after 40 days from the Issue Date (or such later date 
as may be determined to be the Exchange Date in 
accordance with the terms of such Temporary Global 
Note) upon certification as to non-U.S. beneficial 
ownership.] 
(ii)
Provisions for exchange of 
Permanent Global Note: 
[Not applicable] [The Permanent Global Note shall 
be exchangeable for definitive bearer Notes [in the 
limited circumstances set out in Condition 1(a)(1)] [in 
the following circumstances: 
[include circumstances in which Permanent Global 
Note shall be exchangeable for definitive Bearer 
Notes, to be taken from Condition 1(a)(1)]]
36. 
Provisions 
in 
relation 
to 
Registered Notes: 
[Applicable] [Not applicable] 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-
paragraphs of this paragraph.)
(i) 
General: 
[Not applicable] [[•] nominal amount registered in the 
name of a nominee for [DTC] / [a common 
depositary 
for 
Euroclear 
and 
Clearstream, 
Luxembourg] / [a common safekeeper for Euroclear 
and 
Clearstream, 
Luxembourg] 
[delete 
as 
applicable]] 
(ii)
Non-U.S. Series/Tranche: 
[The Notes are a non-U.S. Series/Tranche and may 
not be offered or sold in the United States or to, or 
for the account or benefit of, U.S. Persons (as 
defined in Regulation S under the United States 
Securities Act of 1933, as amended), U.S. persons 
(as defined in the final risk retention rules 
promulgated under Section 15G of the U.S. 
Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended) or to 
persons who are not Non-United States Persons (as 
defined in CFTC Rule 4.7 of the United States 
Commodity Futures Trading Commission).] [Not 
applicable]
(iii)
U.S. Series/Tranche: 
[The Notes are a U.S. Series/Tranche and may be 
offered or sold in the United States or to, or for the 
account or benefit of, U.S. Persons (as defined in 
Regulation S under the United States Securities Act 
of 1933, as amended).] [Not applicable] 
(iv)
Provisions for exchange of 
Global 
Registered 
[Not applicable] [The Global Registered Certificates 
shall be exchangeable for Registered Certificates in

--- Page 150 ---
150
Certificates: 
the following circumstances: 
[include circumstances in which Permanent Global 
Note shall be exchangeable for definitive Bearer 
Notes, to be taken from Condition 1(b)(2) or (3), as 
applicable]]
(v) 
Alternative Procedures: 
[Applicable] [Not applicable]
[applicable only to a U.S. Series/Tranche]
(vi) 
Section 3(c)(7): 
The exception under Section 3(c)(7) of the 1940 Act 
is [applicable] [not applicable]
[applicable only to a U.S. Series/Tranche]
37. 
Talons to be attached to the 
Notes and, if applicable, the 
number 
of Interest Payment 
Dates between the maturity for 
each Talon: 
[Yes] [No] [As the Notes have more than 27 coupon 
payments, Talons may be required if, on exchange 
into definitive form, more than 27 coupon payments 
are still to be made] 
38. 
Additional Financial Centre(s) or 
other special provisions relating 
to Payment Dates: 
[•] [Not applicable.] 
39. 
Further issues: 
[Condition 16(b) is applicable and therefore Further 
Notes may be issued subject to the provisions of 
Condition 16.] [Condition 16(b) is not applicable and 
therefore Further Notes may not be issued subject to 
the provisions of Condition 16.] 
Signed on behalf of the Issuer: 
By: 
Duly Authorised

--- Page 151 ---
151
PART B – OTHER INFORMATION 
1. 
LISTING AND ADMISSION TO 
TRADING: 
Application for admission to trading on the 
regulated market and to be listed on the official list 
of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange [with effect 
from [the Issue Date or nearabout] [*]] has been 
made. 
2. 
ESTIMATE 
OF 
TOTAL 
EXPENSES 
RELATED 
TO 
ADMISSION TO TRADING: 
The total expenses related to the admission to 
trading are approximately [•]. 
3.  
USE AND ESTIMATED NET 
AMOUNT OF PROCEEDS: 
[The estimated net amount of proceeds of the 
issuance of the Notes are [] and such proceeds 
shall be used to [specify]] 
4.
RATING: 
[It is a condition precedent to the issuance of the 
Notes that they be rated [•] by [•] (the “Rating 
Agency”)] [Insert a brief explanation of the 
meaning of the rating if this has previously been 
published by the Rating Agency] [The Notes will 
not be rated] 
(The above disclosure should reflect the rating allocated 
to Notes of the type being issued under the Programme 
generally or, where the issue has been specifically 
rated, that rating.)
[[Insert name of credit rating agency] is established 
in the European Union and has applied for 
registration under Regulation (EC) No. 1060/2009 
(as 
amended 
by 
Regulation 
513/2011/EU), 
although 
notification 
of 
the 
corresponding 
registration decision has not yet been provided by 
the relevant competent authority.] 
[[Insert name of credit rating agency] is established 
in the European Union and registered under 
Regulation (EC) No. 1060/2009 (as amended by 
Regulation 513/2011/EU) (the “CRA Regulation”) 
[as evidenced by the list dated [•] published by 
ESMA in accordance with Article 18(3) of the CRA 
Regulation. Such list is available on the website of 
the ESMA: [http://www.esma.europa.eu/page/List-
registered-and-certified-CRAs.]] 
[[Insert name of credit rating agency] is not 
established in the European Union and has not 
applied for registration under Regulation (EC) No. 
1060/2009 
(as 
amended 
by 
Regulation 
513/2011/EU).] 
[[Insert name of credit rating agency] is not

--- Page 152 ---
152
established in the European Union but [insert 
name of endorsing credit rating agency], which is 
registered under Regulation (EC) No. 1060/2009 
(as amended by Regulation 513/2011/EU), has 
indicated that it intends to endorse the ratings of 
[Insert name of credit rating agency] where 
possible. [insert name of endorsing credit rating 
agency] is included in the list dated [  ] published 
by ESMA in accordance with Article 18(3) of such 
Regulation. Such list is available on the website of 
the ESMA: [http://www.esma.europa.eu/page/List-
registered-and-certified-CRAs.]] 
[[Insert name of credit rating agency] is not 
established in the European Union and has not 
applied for registration under Regulation (EC) No. 
1060/2009 
(as 
amended 
by 
Regulation 
513/2011/EU) (the “CRA Regulation”), but is 
certified in accordance with the CRA Regulation. In 
general, 
European 
regulated 
investors 
are 
restricted from using a rating for regulatory 
purposes if such rating is not issued by a credit 
rating agency established in the European Union 
and registered under the CRA Regulation unless 
the rating is provided by a credit rating agency 
operating in the European Union before June 7, 
2010 which has submitted an application for 
registration in accordance with the CRA Regulation 
and such registration is not refused.] 
5. 
INTERESTS 
OF 
NATURAL 
AND 
LEGAL 
PERSONS 
INVOLVED IN THE ISSUE: 
[*] [Save as discussed in “Subscription and Sale” in 
the Programme Prospectus, so far as the Issuer is 
aware, no person involved in the offer of the Notes 
has an interest material to the offer.] 
6. 
YIELD
Indication of yield: 
[[•].  
[Include for Fixed Rate Notes only] 
[Not applicable]] 
7. 
HISTORIC INTEREST RATES
[EURIBOR] 
[CMS] 
[SONIA] 
[SOFR] 
[TONA] 
[ESTR] is [include description of relevant rate] 
[Details of historic [EURIBOR] can be obtained 
from [Reuters] [Include details of historic interest

--- Page 153 ---
153
rates].]
[Include the above for Floating Rate Notes only] 
[Not applicable] 
8. 
OPERATIONAL 
INFORMATION 
ISIN Code: 
[•] 
Common Code: 
[•] 
FISN: 
[]/[Not applicable] 
CFI:  
[]/[Not applicable] 
(if the FISN and/or the CFI is not required, 
requested or available, it/they should be specified 
to be “Not applicable”) 
Clearing system(s): 
[Euroclear Bank S.A./N.V.] 
[Clearstream Banking S.A.] 
[The Depository Trust Company] 
Depositary Account: 
[The Charged Assets will be delivered to the 
Custodian and held on behalf of the Issuer in 
Depositary Account number [•]] [Not applicable] 
9. 
INFORMATION IN RELATION 
TO THE CHARGED ASSETS
(i) 
Legal jurisdiction by which 
the Charged Assets are 
governed: 
The Charged Assets are governed by the laws of 
[Italy] [New York] [England and Wales] [Spain] 
[France] [Germany] [Portugal] [Luxembourg] [●]. 
(ii) 
Brief description and legal 
nature of the Charged 
Assets: 
The Charged Assets are [insert title/description] 
[treasury bonds] [Buoni del Tesoro Poliennali] 
[Bonos y Obligaciones del Estado] [Obligations 
Assimilables du Trésor] [Obrigações do Tesouro]
[German federal treasury discount paper (Bubills)] 
[German federal treasury notes [(Schaetze)] 
[(Bobls)] 
[German 
federal 
treasury 
bonds 
(Bundesanleihen)] [bonds] [●] issued by [the 
Republic of Italy] [the Kingdom of Spain] [the 
French Republic] [Bundesrepublik Deutschland - 
Finanzagentur GmbH (a limited company wholly 
owned by the Federal Republic of Germany) solely 
and exclusively in the name of and for the account 
of the Federal Republic of Germany] [the Federal 
Republic of Germany] [the Portuguese Republic] 
[Intesa Sanpaolo S.p.A.] [European Investment 
Bank] (ISIN: [●]).

--- Page 154 ---
154
(iii) 
Expiry or maturity date(s) 
of the Charged Assets: 
The maturity date of the Charged Assets will be 
[●]. 
(iv) 
Market 
on 
which 
the 
obligor of the Charged 
Assets 
has 
securities 
admitted to trading: 
[The Charged Assets are admitted to trading on []]
(v) 
Electronic 
link 
to 
the 
Charged 
Assets 
documentation 
on 
the 
regulated market: 
[●] 
(vi) 
The 
amount 
of 
the 
Charged Assets: 
On issue the aggregate principal amount of the [●] 
issued by [●] (ISIN: [●]) which constitute the 
Charged Assets was EUR [●]. [The aggregate 
principal amount was increased on [●] by the issue 
of a further [●] principal amount of the Charged 
Assets.] 
When purchased by the Issuer pursuant to the 
Charged Assets Sale Agreement, the Charged 
Assets will have a principal amount of [●]. 
(vii) The collateralisation level: 
When purchased by the Issuer pursuant to the 
Charged Assets Sale Agreement, the Charged 
Assets will have a principal amount of [●] [which 
will be equal to [●] per cent. of the principal amount 
of the Notes on issue]. 
(viii) Method of origination or 
creation of the Charged 
Assets: 
The Charged Assets were issued by [the Republic 
of Italy] [the Kingdom of Spain] [the French 
Republic] 
[Bundesrepublik 
Deutschland 
- 
Finanzagentur GmbH (a limited company wholly 
owned by the Federal Republic of Germany) solely 
and exclusively in the name of and for the account 
of the Federal Republic of Germany] [the Federal 
Republic of Germany] [the Portuguese Republic] 
[Intesa Sanpaolo S.p.A.] [the European Investment 
Bank] pursuant to [a decree of the Italian Ministry 
of Finance dated [●]] [resolutions adopted by the 
Spanish General Secretary of Treasury and 
Financial Policy dated [●]] [pursuant to an Order of 
the French Ministry of Economy and Finances and 
authorised by a Decree of the French Ministry of 
Economy and Finances, on the basis of the 
relevant French Finance Act] [to the German 
Federal Debt Act (Gesetz zur Regelung des 
Schuldenwesens 
des 
Bundes 
(Bundesschuldenwesengesetz - BSchuWG)) and 
implementing rules and regulations] [a resolution of 
the Board of Directors of Instituto de Gestão da 
Tesouraria e do Crédito Público, I.P. dated [●]] [its

--- Page 155 ---
155
debt 
issuance 
programme] 
[the 
Euro 
Area 
Reference Note Issuance Facility] [●]. 
(ix) 
Issuer of the Charged 
Assets: 
[The Republic of Italy] 
[The Kingdom of Spain] 
[the French Republic]  
[Bundesrepublik 
Deutschland 
- 
Finanzagentur 
GmbH (a limited company wholly owned by the 
Federal 
Republic 
of 
Germany) 
solely 
and 
exclusively in the name of and for the account of 
the Federal Republic of Germany]  
[the Federal Republic of Germany]  
[the Portuguese Republic] 
[Intesa Sanpaolo S.p.A.] 
[European Investment Bank]
(x) 
Material 
relationships 
between the Issuer and 
[the Republic of Italy] [the 
Kingdom of Spain] [the 
French 
Republic] 
[the 
Federal 
Republic 
of 
Germany] [the Portuguese 
Republic] 
[Intesa 
Sanpaolo 
S.p.A.] 
[the 
European 
Investment 
Bank]: 
[[Other than the payment of fees and normal 
payments in connection with the Notes and save 
as mentioned in paragraph 3 of Part B above,] the 
Issuer has no material relationships with [the 
Republic of Italy] [the Kingdom of Spain] [the 
French Republic] [Bundesrepublik Deutschland - 
Finanzagentur GmbH] [the Federal Republic of 
Germany] 
[the 
Portuguese 
Republic] 
[Intesa 
Sanpaolo S.p.A.] [the European Investment Bank].] 
10. 
INFORMATION IN RELATION TO 
THE INTEREST CALCULATION 
AGENT 
[Not applicable] 
[The Interest Calculation Agent is [●].] 
11. 
(i) PROHIBITION OF SALES TO 
EEA RETAIL INVESTORS: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(If the Notes clearly do not constitute “packaged” 
products, “Not Applicable” should be specified. If 
the Notes may constitute “packaged” products and 
no KID will be prepared in the EEA, “Applicable” 
should be specified) 
(ii) PROHIBITION OF SALES TO 
UK RETAIL INVESTORS: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(If the Notes clearly do not constitute “packaged” 
products, “Not Applicable” should be specified. If 
the Notes may constitute “packaged” products and 
no KID will be prepared in the UK, “Applicable” 
should be specified) 
[The information set out above has been extracted from the [final terms dated [●] 2022 
and the programme prospectus (as approved as a base prospectus for the purposes 
of the Prospectus Regulation by the CSSF) dated [●] 2022 [(as supplemented by a 
supplement dated [●] 2022 and as may be supplemented from time to time)] 
[prospectus dated [●] 2022] ([together,] the “Charged Assets Prospectus”) [decree 
of the Italian Ministry of Finance dated [●] 2022] [product note (scheda prodotto)

--- Page 156 ---
156
relating to the Charged Assets] [●]] [resolutions adopted by the Spanish General 
Secretary of Treasury and Financial Policy dated [●] 2022] [resolution of the Board of 
Directors of Instituto de Gestão da Tesouraria e do Crédito Público, I.P. dated [●] 
2022] [[●]] issued by [the issuer of the Charged Assets] [Borsa Italiana S.p.A.] [[●]] 
and, to the extent varied, is subject to and qualified entirely by the full terms of the 
Charged Assets once issued. This information has been accurately reproduced and 
that as far as the Issuer is aware and is able to ascertain from information published 
by that third party, no facts have been omitted which would render the reproduced 
information inaccurate or misleading. No further or other responsibility in respect of 
such information is accepted by the Issuer. In particular, none of the Issuer, the Swap 
Counterparty, the Trustee, the Arranger, the Agents or any of their affiliates (each a 
“Transaction Participant”) has verified such information and, accordingly, none of 
them makes any representation or warranty, express or implied, as to its accuracy or 
completeness. None of the Transaction Participants has made any investigation of the 
intended obligor(s) in respect of the Charged Assets or has taken any steps to verify 
the validity and binding nature of the Charged Assets when issued. Prospective 
purchasers of the Notes should make their own investigation of the intended obligor(s) 
in respect of the Charged Assets (including, without limitation, with regard to its 
financial condition and creditworthiness) and the full terms of the Charged Assets.]

--- Page 157 ---
157
FORM OF PRICING SUPPLEMENT FOR UNLISTED NOTES 
[PROHIBITION OF SALES TO EEA RETAIL INVESTORS: The notes are not intended to 
be offered, sold or otherwise made available to and should not be offered, sold or 
otherwise made available to any retail investor in the European Economic Area 
(“EEA”). For these purposes, a retail investor means a person who is one (or more) of:  
(I)  
a retail client as defined in point (11) of Article 4(1) of Directive 2014/65/EU, 
as amended (“MiFID II”);  
(II)  
a customer within the meaning of Directive (EU) 2016/97/EU (as amended, 
the “Insurance Distribution Directive”), where that customer would not 
qualify as a professional client as defined in point (10) of Article 4(1) of 
MiFID II; or  
(III)  
not a qualified investor as defined in Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 (as 
amended, the “Prospectus Regulation”).  
Consequently no key information document required by Regulation (EU) no 
1286/2014, as amended (the “PRIIPS Regulation”) for offering or selling the Notes 
or otherwise making them available to retail investors in the EEA has been 
prepared and therefore offering or selling the Notes or otherwise making them 
available to any retail investor in the EEA may be unlawful under the PRIIPS 
Regulation.] 
[PROHIBITION OF SALES TO UK RETAIL INVESTORS – The Notes are not intended 
to be offered, sold or otherwise made available to and should not be offered, sold 
or otherwise made available to any retail investor in the United Kingdom (“UK”). 
For these purposes, a retail investor means a person who is one (or more) of:  
(I)  
a retail client, as defined in point (8) of Article 2 of Regulation (EU) No 
2017/565 as it forms part of domestic law by virtue of the European Union 
(Withdrawal) Act 2018 (“EUWA”);  
(II)  
a customer within the meaning of the provisions of the FSMA and any rules 
or regulations made under the FSMA to implement Directive (EU) 2016/97, 
where that customer would not qualify as a professional client, as defined in 
point (8) of Article 2(1) of Regulation (EU) No 600/2014 as it forms part of 
domestic law by virtue of the EUWA; or  
(III)  
not a qualified investor as defined in Article 2 of Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 
as it forms part of domestic law by virtue of the EUWA.  
Consequently no key information document required by Regulation (EU) No 
1286/2014 as it forms part of domestic law by virtue of the EUWA (the “UK PRIIPs 
Regulation”) for offering or selling the Notes or otherwise making them available to 
retail investors in the UK has been prepared and therefore offering or selling the 
Notes or otherwise making them available to any retail investor in the UK may be 
unlawful under the UK PRIIPs Regulation.]

--- Page 158 ---
158
[MiFID II product governance / Professional investors and ECPs only target market 
– Solely for the purposes of the manufacturer’s product approval process, the 
target market assessment in respect of the Notes has led to the conclusion that:  
(I)  
the target market for the Notes is eligible counterparties and professional 
clients only, each as defined in [Directive 2014/65/EU (as amended, “MiFID 
II”)][ MiFID II]; and  
(II)  
all channels for distribution of the Notes to eligible counterparties and 
professional clients are appropriate. 
Any person subsequently offering, selling or recommending the Notes (a 
“distributor”) should take into consideration the manufacturer’s target market 
assessment; however, a distributor subject to MiFID II is responsible for 
undertaking its own target market assessment in respect of the Notes (by either 
adopting or refining the manufacturer’s target market assessment) and determining 
appropriate distribution channels.] 
[UK MIFIR product governance / Professional investors and ECPs only target market – 
Solely for the purposes of the manufacturer’s product approval process, the target 
market assessment in respect of the Notes has led to the conclusion that:  
(I) 
the target market for the Notes is only eligible counterparties, as defined 
in the FCA Handbook Conduct of Business Sourcebook (“COBS”), and 
professional clients, as defined in Regulation (EU) No 600/2014 as it 
forms part of domestic law by virtue of the European Union (Withdrawal) 
Act 2018 (“UK MiFIR”); and  
(II) 
all channels for distribution of the Notes to eligible counterparties and 
professional clients are appropriate.  
Any person subsequently offering, selling or recommending the Notes (a 
“distributor”) should take into consideration the manufacturer’s target market 
assessment; however, a distributor subject to the FCA Handbook Product 
Intervention and Product Governance Sourcebook (the “UK MiFIR Product 
Governance Rules”) is responsible for undertaking its own target market 
assessment in respect of the Notes (by either adopting or refining the 
manufacturer’s 
target 
market 
assessment) 
and 
determining 
appropriate 
distribution channels.]

--- Page 159 ---
159
Pricing Supplement dated [•]
DUNIA Capital B.V. 
with its seat (zetel) in Amsterdam, the Netherlands 
Legal Entity Identifier: 7245004A5VZ0AHE6LE32 
Issue of [Aggregate Nominal Amount of Tranche] [Title of Notes] 
under the 
EUR 5,000,000,000 Programme 
for the issue of Notes and the making of Alternative Investments
The Notes designated as above (the “Notes”) will be subject to the terms and conditions (the 
“Master Conditions”) included by reference into the Constituting Instrument for the Notes and 
reproduced in the Programme Prospectus dated 15 December 2022 [as supplemented by the 
Supplement dated [•]] and to the following terms (such terms, together with any schedules hereto, 
the “Pricing Supplement” in relation to the Notes). Full information on the Issuer and the Notes 
is only available on the basis of the combination of this Pricing Supplement and the Programme 
Prospectus [as so supplemented]. The Programme Prospectus has been published on the 
Luxembourg Stock Exchange website (www.bourse.lu). [This Pricing Supplement will be available 
in electronic form on the website of the Issuer (www.duniacapital.nl).] 
Terms used in this Pricing Supplement shall have the same meanings for the purposes of the 
Master Conditions. Terms used herein but not defined herein shall have the meanings given to 
them in the Master Conditions. In the event of any inconsistency between this Pricing Supplement 
and the Master Conditions, this Pricing Supplement shall govern. 
The Luxembourg Commission de Surveillance du Secteur Financier (the “CSSF”) has not 
approved this Pricing Supplement. 
PART A – CONTRACTUAL TERMS 
1. 
Parties: 
(i) 
Issuer: 
DUNIA Capital B.V. 
(ii) 
Arranger and Dealer: 
[•] 
(iii) 
Swap Counterparty: 
[•] 
(iv) 
Trustee: 
[•] 
(v) 
Issue 
Agent 
and 
Principal Paying Agent: 
[•] 
(vi) 
Luxembourg 
Paying 
Agent and Luxembourg 
Listing Agent: 
[•] 
(vii) 
Custodian: 
[•]

--- Page 160 ---
160
(viii) 
Interest 
Calculation 
Agent: 
[•] 
(ix) 
Determination Agent: 
[•]/Not applicable.] 
(x) 
Additional 
Paying 
Agent(s): 
[•] 
(xi) 
Authorised 
Representative: 
[the initial Authorised Representative is [•] [Not 
applicable] 
2. 
Series details: 
(i) 
Series Number: 
[•] 
[(ii) 
Tranche Number:] 
[[•]/Not applicable]] 
[(iii) 
Date on which the Notes 
become fungible:] 
[Not Applicable / The Notes shall be consolidated, 
form a single series and be interchangeable for 
trading purposes with the [insert description of the 
Series] on [insert date/ the Issue Date/exchange of 
the Temporary Global Note for interests in the 
Permanent Global Notes, as referred to in 
paragraph [*] below [which is expected to occur on 
or about [insert date]].] 
3. 
Specified 
Currency 
or 
Currencies: 
[•] 
4. 
Principal Amount: 
The principal amount of the Notes is [•] 
[(i) 
Series:] 
[•] 
[(ii) 
Tranche:] 
[•] 
5. 
Issue Price: 
[•] per cent. 
6. 
Denominations: 
(i) 
Authorised 
Denominations: 
[•] 
[In relation to any issue of Notes which are a 
“Global Note exchangeable to Definitive Notes” in 
circumstances 
other 
than 
“in 
the 
limited 
circumstances specified in the Global Note”, such 
Notes may only be issued in denominations equal 
to, or greater than, EUR 100,000 (or equivalent)

--- Page 161 ---
161
and multiples thereof] 
(ii) 
Calculation Amount: 
[•] 
7. 
Issue Date: 
[•] 
8. 
Maturity Date: 
[•] 
9. 
Interest Basis: 
[[•] per cent. Fixed Rate] 
[[Specify particular reference rate] +/- [•] per cent. 
Floating Rate] 
[Variable Coupon Note] 
[Zero Coupon] 
(further particulars specified below) 
10. 
Put/Call Options: 
[Noteholder 
option 
– 
Condition 
7(g)(1) 
is 
[applicable] [not applicable]] 
[Issuer option– Condition 7(g)(2) is [applicable] [not 
applicable]] 
[(further particulars specified below).] 
11. 
Status/Approvals: 
[(i)] 
Status of the Notes: 
The Notes are secured and limited recourse 
obligations of the Issuer ranking pari passu and 
rateably without preference among themselves, 
recourse in respect of which is limited in the 
manner described in the Conditions. 
[(ii)] 
[Date [Board] approval 
for issuance of Notes 
obtained: 
[*] and [*], [respectively] 
12. 
Charged Assets: 
The “Charged Assets” shall comprise [●] principal 
amount of an issue by [insert name(s) of 
Underlying Obligor(s)] of [insert description of 
Charged Assets] due [insert maturity of Charged 
Assets], to be purchased on or about the Issue 
Date pursuant to the Charged Assets Sale 
Agreement [and as further described in Part B 
below].

--- Page 162 ---
162
13. 
Charged Agreement: 
[•] 
14. 
Additional 
Charging 
Instrument: 
[Not applicable/Applicable] 
15. 
Security for the Notes: 
As set out in Condition 4(a). 
16. 
Priority: 
For the purposes of Condition 4(d), [Noteholder 
Priority] [Swap Counterparty Priority] [Adjusted 
Swap Counterparty Priority] [Further Adjusted 
Swap Counterparty Priority] [Other Priority] is 
applicable. 
[“Other Priority” shall mean that, after meeting the 
expenses and remuneration of and any other 
amounts due to the Trustee, including in respect of 
liabilities incurred, or to any receiver appointed 
pursuant to the Trust Deed, in each case in respect 
of the Notes, the net proceeds of the enforcement 
of the security constituted pursuant to the Trust 
Deed will be applied (after the discharge of claims, 
if any, mandatorily preferred by the law of any 
applicable jurisdiction and payment to the Issuer of 
the Series Minimum Profit (to the extent not 
already received by the Issuer)) as follows: 
[•]] 
PROVISIONS RELATING TO INTEREST (IF ANY) PAYABLE
17. 
Provisions 
Relating 
to 
Interest 
Payable 
on 
the 
Notes: 
(i)
General: 
The Issuer shall pay in respect of each Note and 
each Interest Period an amount equal to the 
Interest Amount on the relevant Interest Payment 
Date. 
(ii) 
Interest Commencement 
Date: 
[Issue Date/Other/Not Applicable] 
(iii)
Accrual: 
Interest Amounts shall accrue from the Interest 
Commencement Date. 
[Interest shall cease to accrue on the Maturity Date 
or such earlier date on which the Notes may be 
redeemed.] or [Adjusted Interest Accrual is

--- Page 163 ---
163
applicable.] 
(iv) 
Minimum Interest Rate: 
[•] [Not Applicable] 
(v) 
Maximum Interest Rate: 
[•] [Not Applicable] 
18. 
[Fixed Rate Note Provisions: 
[Not applicable/Applicable]. 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-
paragraphs of this paragraph.) 
(i) 
Interest Rate: 
[•] per cent. per annum payable in arrear on each 
Interest Payment Date  
(ii) 
Interest Payment Dates: 
[•] in each year[, commencing on, and including, [•] 
and ending on, and including, [•], subject in each 
case to adjustment in accordance with the 
Business Day Convention] 
(iii) 
Interest Periods: 
[Adjusted Interest Periods applicable.] [Unadjusted 
Interest Periods applicable.] 
(iv) 
Interest Accrual Dates: 
[•][Not applicable]. 
(v) 
Fixed 
Coupon 
Amount[(s)]:
[[*] per Calculation Amount] [Not applicable]. 
(vi) 
Broken Amount(s): 
[[*] per Calculation Amount, payable on the Interest 
Payment Date falling [in/on] [*]] [Not applicable]. 
(vii) 
Relevant Business Day: 
[•]. 
(viii) 
Day Count Fraction: 
[Actual/Actual] [Actual/Actual (ISDA)] [Act/365L] 
[Actual/Actual ICMA] 
[Actual/365(Fixed)] 
[Actual/360] 
[30/360] [360/360] [Bond Basis] 
[30E/360] [Eurobond Basis] 
(ix) 
Business Day 
Convention: 
[Following Business Day Convention/ Modified 
Following Business Day Convention/Preceding 
Business Day Convention] 
(x) 
Step-up: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable].

--- Page 164 ---
164
(xi) 
Step-up Date(s): 
[•] [Not Applicable]. 
(xii) 
Step-up Rate(s): 
[•] [Not Applicable]. 
(xiii) 
Step-down: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable]. 
(xiv) 
Step-down Date(s): 
[•] [Not Applicable]. 
(xv) 
Step-down Rate(s): 
[•] [Not Applicable]. 
19. 
[Floating 
Rate 
Note 
Provisions:
[Not applicable/Applicable]  
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-
paragraphs of this paragraph.) 
(i) 
Interest Payment Dates: 
[•] in each year [, commencing on, and including, 
[•] and ending on, and including, [•],] subject in 
each case to adjustment in accordance with the 
Business Day Convention 
(ii) 
Interest Periods: 
[Adjusted Interest Periods applicable.] [Unadjusted 
Interest Periods applicable.] 
(iii) 
Interest Accrual Dates: 
[•] [Not applicable]. 
(iv) 
Business 
Day 
Convention: 
[Following Business Day Convention/ Modified 
Following Business Day Convention/Preceding 
Business 
Day 
Convention/Floating 
Rate 
Convention] 
(v) 
Relevant 
Financial 
Centre: 
[•] 
(vi) 
Primary Source for 
Interest Rate 
Quotations: 
[Specified page] [Reference Banks] 
(vii) 
Interest Determination 
Date: 
[•] 
(viii) 
Spread: 
[•] per cent. per annum 
(ix) 
Spread Multiplier: 
[[•]/Not applicable] 
(x) 
Benchmark: 
[•] 
(xi) 
Reference Banks: 
[[•]/Not applicable] 
(xii) 
Reference Rate Trade 
Date: 
[][Not applicable] 
(xiii) 
Pre-nominated 
Replacement Reference 
[][Not applicable]

--- Page 165 ---
165
Rate: 
(xiv)  Relevant Business Day: 
[•]. 
(xv)  
Day Count Fraction: 
[Actual/Actual] [Actual/Actual (ISDA)] [Act/365L] 
[Actual/Actual ICMA] 
[Actual/365(Fixed)] 
[Actual/360] 
[30/360] [360/360] [Bond Basis] 
[30E/360] [Eurobond Basis] 
(xvi)  Step-up: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable]. 
(xvii)  Step-up Dates: 
[•] [Not Applicable]. 
(xviii)  Step-up Rate: 
[•] [Not Applicable]. 
(xix)  Step-down: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable]. 
(xx) 
Step-down Dates: 
[•] [Not Applicable]. 
(xxi) 
Step-down Rate: 
[•] [Not Applicable]. 
[(xxii) Reference 
Rate 
Modification: 
[Specify consequences of changes to the definition 
or formula for a Reference Rate]]  
20. 
Zero 
Coupon 
Note 
Provisions: 
[Not applicable/Applicable]  
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-
paragraphs of this paragraph.)
(i) 
Amortisation Yield: 
[•] per cent. per annum 
(ii)  
Day Count Fraction: 
[Actual/Actual] [Actual/Actual (ISDA)] [Act/365L] 
[Actual/Actual ICMA] 
[Actual/365(Fixed)] 
[Actual/360] 
[30/360] [360/360] [Bond Basis] 
[30E/360] [Eurobond Basis] 
21. 
Variable 
Coupon 
Note 
Provisions: 
[Not applicable/Applicable]  
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-

--- Page 166 ---
166
paragraphs of this paragraph.)
(i) 
Interest Payment Dates: 
[•] in each year, commencing on, and including, [•] 
and ending on, and including, [•], subject in each 
case to adjustment in accordance with the 
Business Day Convention 
(ii) 
Interest Periods: 
[Adjusted Interest Periods applicable.] [Unadjusted 
Interest Periods applicable.] 
(iii) 
Interest Accrual Dates: 
[•][Not applicable]. 
(iv) 
Business Day Convention: 
[Following Business Day Convention] [Modified 
Following Business Day Convention] [Preceding 
Business 
Day 
Convention] 
[Floating 
Rate 
Convention] 
(v) 
Relevant Business Day: 
[•]. 
(vi) 
Day Count Fraction: 
[Actual/Actual] [Actual/Actual (ISDA)] [Act/365L] 
[Actual/Actual ICMA] 
[Actual/365(Fixed)] 
[Actual/360] 
[30/360] [360/360] [Bond Basis] 
[30E/360] [Eurobond Basis] 
(vii)
Initial Rate: 
[•] [Not applicable]. 
(viii) Final Rate: 
[•] [Not applicable]. 
(ix)
Trigger Condition: 
[The Trigger Condition is satisfied to the extent that 
the Reference Rate on the relevant Trigger Event 
Date, is [lower than the Trigger Rate] [higher than 
the Trigger Rate].] [Not applicable] 
(x)
Trigger Event Date(s): 
[•] [Not applicable].
(xi)
Interest 
Basis 
Change 
Date(s): 
[•] [Not applicable]. 
(xii)
Reference Rate: 
[•] [Not applicable]. 
(xiii) Trigger Rate: 
[•] [Not applicable].

--- Page 167 ---
167
(xiv) Base Rate: 
[•] [Not applicable]. 
(xv) Extra Spread: 
[•] [Not applicable]. 
(xvi) Additional Coupon: 
[Applicable. The Additional Coupon Amount(s) are 
payable in the event that the Trigger Condition 
[has] [has not] been satisfied.] [Not applicable] 
(xvii) Additional 
Coupon 
Payment Date(s): 
[•] [Not applicable] 
(xviii) Additional 
Coupon 
Amount(s): 
[•] [Not applicable] 
22. 
Interest Only Note Provisions: 
[Not applicable/Applicable]
23. 
Long 
Maturity 
Note 
Provisions: 
[Not applicable/Applicable] 
24. 
Index-Linked/Credit-Linked 
Note Provisions: 
[Not applicable/Applicable]
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-
paragraphs of this paragraph.)
(i) 
Index/Formula/other 
variable: 
[Give or annex details] 
(ii) 
Party 
responsible 
for 
calculating 
the 
Interest 
Rate (if not the Interest 
Calculation Agent): 
[•] 
(no need to specify if the Interest Calculation Agent 
is to perform this function) 
(iii) 
Provisions for determining 
Interest 
Amount 
where 
calculated by reference to 
Index 
and/or 
Formula 
and/or other variable: 
[•] 
(iv) 
Provisions for determining 
Interest 
Amount 
where 
calculation by reference to 
Index 
and/or 
Formula 
and/or other variable is 
impossible 
or 
impracticable or otherwise 
disrupted: 
[•] [Need to include a description of market 
disruption or settlement disruption events and 
adjustments provisions] 
25. 
Dual 
Currency 
Note 
Provisions: 
[Not applicable/Applicable]  
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-

--- Page 168 ---
168
paragraphs of this paragraph.)
(i) 
Relevant Rate/method of 
calculating Relevant Rate: 
[Give details] 
(ii) 
Party 
responsible 
for 
calculating 
the 
Interest 
Rate(s) 
and/or 
Interest 
Amount(s) 
(if 
not 
the 
Interest 
Calculation 
Agent): 
[[Name and address] shall be the Interest 
Calculation Agent (no need to specify if the Interest 
Calculation Agent is to perform this function)] 
(iii) 
Provisions 
applicable 
where 
calculation 
by 
reference 
to 
Relevant 
Rate 
impossible 
or 
impracticable: 
[•] 
(iv) 
Person at whose option 
Specified 
Currency(ies) 
is/are payable: 
[•] 
26. 
Other 
Type 
of 
Note 
Provisions: 
[Not applicable/Applicable] 
27. 
Yield: 
[•] 
[Calculated as [include details of method of 
calculation in summary form] on the Issue Date.] 
[The yield is calculated at the Issue Date on the 
basis of the Issue Price. It is not an indication of 
future yield].
PROVISIONS RELATING TO REDEMPTION 
28. 
Call/Put Option: 
[Noteholder option – Condition 7(g)(1) is [applicable] 
[not applicable]] 
[Issuer option– Condition 7(g)(2) is [applicable] [not 
applicable]] 
(If neither applicable, delete the remaining sub-
paragraphs of this paragraph.)
(i)
Optional 
Redemption 
Date(s): 
[•] [Not applicable] 
(ii)
Noteholder 
Optional 
Redemption Amount(s) of 
each Note: 
[•] [Not applicable] 
(iii)
Issuer 
Optional 
[•] [Not applicable]

--- Page 169 ---
169
Redemption Amount(s) of 
each Note: 
(iv)
If redeemable in part: 
[Pursuant to Condition 7(g)(2), the Notes are 
redeemable 
in 
[part] 
[whole 
only]. 
[Partial 
redemption will be effected by [the selection of 
whole Notes] [pro rata payment]]] [Not applicable] 
29. 
Scheduled 
Redemption 
Amount of each Note: 
(i)
Redemption in cash:
[•] per Calculation Amount 
(ii)
Redemption by delivery of 
Charged Assets:
Condition 7(f)(6) is [applicable] [not applicable]. 
Optional Redemption in Kind is [applicable] [not 
applicable].  
Mandatory Redemption in Kind is [applicable] [not 
applicable]. 
Credit 
Support 
Inclusive 
is 
[applicable] 
[not 
applicable]. 
The Delivery Date is [•] [not applicable]. 
In cases where the Scheduled 
Redemption Amount is Index 
Linked or other variable linked: 
(i) 
Index/Formula/other 
variable: 
[•] 
(ii) 
Party 
responsible 
for 
calculating the Scheduled 
Redemption Amount (if 
not 
the 
Interest 
Calculation Agent): 
[•] 
(no need to specify if the Interest Calculation Agent 
is to perform this function) 
(iii) 
Provisions for determining 
Scheduled 
Redemption 
Amount where calculated 
by reference to Index 
and/or 
Formula 
and/or 
other variable: 
[•] 
(iv) 
Date(s) for determining 
Scheduled 
Redemption 
Amount: 
[•] 
(v) 
Provisions for determining 
Scheduled 
Redemption 
Amount where calculation 
by reference to Index 
[•]

--- Page 170 ---
170
and/or 
Formula 
and/or 
other 
variable 
is 
impossible 
or 
impracticable or otherwise 
disrupted: 
(vi) 
Minimum 
Scheduled 
Redemption Amount: 
[•] 
(vii) Maximum 
Scheduled 
Redemption Amount: 
[•] 
30. 
Mandatory Redemption: 
(i)
Charged 
Assets 
Acceleration:
[Applicable] [Not applicable] 
(ii)
Charged Assets Payment 
Default:
[Applicable] [Not applicable] 
(iii)
Charged 
Assets 
Termination:
[Applicable] [Not applicable] 
31. 
Redemption on Termination 
of Charged Agreement: 
Condition 7(c) [shall] [shall not] apply.  
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-
paragraphs of this paragraph.)
(i)
Swap 
Counterparty 
Novation:
[Applicable] [Not applicable] 
(ii)
Noteholder 
Novation 
Consent:
[Applicable] [Not applicable] 
(iii)
Swap 
Replacement 
Period:
[•] 
32. 
Redemption for taxation: 
Condition 7(d) [shall] [shall not] apply 
Condition 7(d)(2) [shall] [shall not] apply 
Condition 7(d)(3) [shall] [shall not] apply 
33. 
Early Redemption of Zero 
Coupon Notes: 
Condition 7(e) [shall] [shall not] apply 
34. 
Redemption for Regulatory 
event: 
Condition 7(h) [shall] [shall not] apply 
35. 
Redemption by Instalments: 
Condition 7(u) [shall] [shall not] apply 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-
paragraphs of this paragraph.)

--- Page 171 ---
171
(i)
Instalment Dates: 
[•] 
(ii)
Instalment Amounts: 
[•] 
36. 
Redemption 
on 
Event 
of 
Default: 
Condition 9 shall apply. 
For the purposes of Condition 9(a), the period 
should be [] days. 
For the purposes of Condition 9(b), the period 
should be [] days. 
37. 
Maximum/Minimum 
Redemption Amounts: 
[Applicable] [Not applicable] 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-
paragraphs of this paragraph.)
(i)_
Maximum 
Redemption 
Amount:
[•] 
(ii)_
Minimum 
Redemption 
Amount:
[•] 
GENERAL PROVISIONS APPLICABLE TO THE NOTES 
37. 
Notes issued in bearer or 
registered form: 
[Bearer] [Registered] 
38. 
New Global Note: 
[Yes] [No] 
[For Global Bearer Notes] 
39. 
New Safekeeping Structure: 
[Yes] [No] 
[For Global Registered Certificates]
40. 
Intended to be held in a 
manner which would allow 
Eurosystem eligibility: 
[Yes. Note that the designation “yes” simply means 
that the Notes are intended upon issue to be 
deposited with one of the ICSDs as common 
safekeeper [(and registered in the name of a 
nominee of one of the ICSDs acting as common 
safekeeper),][include this text for registered notes] 
and does not necessarily mean that the Notes will be 
recognized as eligible collateral for Eurosystem 
monetary policy and intra day credit operations by 
the Eurosystem either upon issue or at any or all 
times during their life. Such recognition will depend 
upon the ECB being satisfied that Eurosystem 
eligibility criteria have been met.]  
[Include this text if “Yes” selected in which case 
Bearer Notes must be issued in NGN form/ 
Registered Notes must be issued under the New

--- Page 172 ---
172
Safekeeping Structure]
[No. Whilst the designation is specified as “no” at the 
date of this Pricing Supplement, should the 
Eurosystem eligibility criteria be amended in the 
future such that the Notes are capable of meeting 
them the Notes may then be deposited with one of 
the ICSDs as common safekeeper [(and registered 
in the name of a nominee of one of the ICSDs acting 
as common safekeeper),][include this text for 
registered notes]. Note that this does not necessarily 
mean that the Notes will then be recognised as 
eligible collateral for Eurosystem monetary policy 
and intra day credit operations by the Eurosystem at 
any time during their life. Such recognition will 
depend 
upon 
the 
ECB 
being 
satisfied 
that 
Eurosystem eligibility criteria have been met.]]  
41. 
Whether Notes will be TEFRA 
C Notes or TEFRA D Notes: 
[TEFRA C Notes] [TEFRA D Notes] 
42. 
U.S. 
federal 
income 
tax 
considerations: 
[Insert if the Issuer has determined that the Notes 
are NOT Specified Instruments: The Notes are not 
Specified Instruments for purposes of Section 
871(m) Regulations.] 
[Insert if the Issuer has determined that the Notes 
are Specified Instruments: The Issuer has 
determined that this Note substantially replicates the 
economic performance of one or more U.S. 
Underlying Equities and is therefore a Specified 
Instrument for purposes of Section 871(m) 
Regulations. Additional information regarding the 
application of Section 871(m) Regulations on the 
Notes is available on request at Intesa Sanpaolo 
S.p.A. by contacting [specify the relevant email 
address]. 
Section 871(m) Regulations’ withholding tax will be 
at a rate of [●] per cent. and will be withheld by 
[specify]]. 
43. 
Provisions 
in 
relation 
to 
Bearer Notes: 
[Applicable] [Not applicable] 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-
paragraphs of this paragraph.)
(i)
Provisions for exchange 
of 
Temporary 
Global 
Note: 
[Not applicable] [The Temporary Global Note shall 
be exchangeable for a Permanent Global Note on or 
after 40 days from the Issue Date (or such later date 
as may be determined to be the Exchange Date in 
accordance with the terms of such Temporary Global 
Note) upon certification as to non-U.S. beneficial

--- Page 173 ---
173
ownership.] 
(ii)
Provisions for exchange 
of 
Permanent 
Global 
Note: 
[Not applicable] [The Permanent Global Note shall 
be exchangeable for definitive Bearer Notes [in the 
limited circumstances set out in Condition 1(a)(1)] [in 
the following circumstances: 
[include circumstances in which Permanent Global 
Note shall be exchangeable for definitive Bearer 
Notes, to be taken from Condition 1(a)(1)]]
44. 
Provisions 
in 
relation 
to 
Registered Notes: 
[Applicable] [Not applicable] 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-
paragraphs of this paragraph.)
(i) 
General:
[Not applicable] [[•] nominal amount registered in the 
name of a nominee for [DTC] / [a common 
depositary 
for 
Euroclear 
and 
Clearstream, 
Luxembourg] / [a common safekeeper for Euroclear 
and 
Clearstream, 
Luxembourg] 
[delete 
as 
applicable]] 
(ii)
Non-U.S. Series/Tranche:
[The Notes are a non-U.S. Series/Tranche and may 
not be offered or sold in the United States or to, or 
for the account or benefit of, U.S. Persons (as 
defined in Regulation S under the United States 
Securities Act of 1933, as amended), U.S. persons 
(as defined in the final risk retention rules 
promulgated under Section 15G of the U.S. 
Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended) or to 
persons who are not Non-United States Persons (as 
defined in CFTC Rule 4.7 of the United States 
Commodity Futures Trading Commission)] [Not 
applicable] 
(iii)
U.S. Series/Tranche:
[The Notes are a U.S. Series/Tranche and may be 
offered or sold in the United States or to, or for the 
account or benefit of, U.S. Persons (as defined in 
Regulation S under the United States Securities Act 
of 1933, as amended).] [Not applicable] 
(iv)
Provisions for exchange 
of 
Global 
Registered 
Certificates:
[Not applicable] [The Global Registered Certificates 
shall be exchangeable for Registered Certificates in 
the following circumstances: 
[include circumstances in which Permanent Global 
Note shall be exchangeable for definitive Bearer 
Notes, to be taken from Condition 1(b)(2) or (3), as 
applicable]]
(v) 
Alternative Procedures:
[Applicable] [Not applicable]

--- Page 174 ---
174
[applicable only to a U.S. Series/Tranche]
(vi) 
Section 3(c)(7):
The exception under Section 3(c)(7) of the 1940 Act 
is [applicable] [not applicable]
[applicable only to a U.S. Series/Tranche]
45. 
Talons to be attached to the 
Notes and, if applicable, the 
number of Interest Payment 
Dates between the maturity 
for each Talon: 
[Yes] [No] [As the Notes have more than 27 coupon 
payments, Talons may be required if, on exchange 
into definitive form, more than 27 coupon payments 
are still to be made] 
46. 
Additional Financial Centre(s) 
or other special provisions 
relating to Payment Dates: 
[•] [Not applicable.] 
47. 
Listing and Admission to 
Trading: 
Not applicable.
48. 
Rating: 
[It is a condition precedent to the issuance of the 
Notes that they be rated [•] by [•] (the “Rating 
Agency”)/The Notes will not be rated] 
(The above disclosure should reflect the rating 
allocated to Notes of the type being issued under the 
Programme generally or, where the issue has been 
specifically rated, that rating.) 
[[Insert name of credit rating agency] is established 
in the European Union and has applied for 
registration under Regulation (EC) No. 1060/2009 
(as amended by Regulation 513/2011/EU), although 
notification of the corresponding registration decision 
has not yet been provided by the relevant competent 
authority.] 
[[Insert name of credit rating agency] is established 
in the European Union and registered under 
Regulation (EC) No. 1060/2009 (as amended by 
Regulation 513/2011/EU) (the “CRA Regulation”) 
[ as evidenced by the list dated [  ] published by 
ESMA in accordance with Article 18(3) of the CRA 
Regulation. Such list is available on the website of 
the ESMA: [http://www.esma.europa.eu/page/List-
registered-and-certified-CRAs.]] 
[[Insert name of credit rating agency] is not 
established in the European Union and has not 
applied for registration under Regulation (EC) No. 
1060/2009 
(as 
amended 
by 
Regulation 
513/2011/EU).]

--- Page 175 ---
175
[[Insert name of credit rating agency] is not 
established in the European Union but [insert name 
of endorsing credit rating agency], which is 
registered under Regulation (EC) No. 1060/2009 (as 
amended 
by 
Regulation 
513/2011/EU), 
has 
indicated that it intends to endorse the ratings of 
[Insert name of credit rating agency] where possible. 
[insert name of endorsing credit rating agency] is 
included in the list dated [  ] published by ESMA in 
accordance with Article 18(3) of such Regulation. 
Such list is available on the website of the ESMA: 
[http://www.esma.europa.eu/page/List-registered-
and-certified-CRAs.]] 
[[Insert name of credit rating agency] is not 
established in the European Union and has not 
applied for registration under Regulation (EC) No. 
1060/2009 
(as 
amended 
by 
Regulation 
513/2011/EU) (the “CRA Regulation”), but is 
certified in accordance with the CRA Regulation. In 
general, European regulated investors are restricted 
from using a rating for regulatory purposes if such 
rating is not issued by a credit rating agency 
established in the European Union and registered 
under the CRA Regulation unless the rating is 
provided by a credit rating agency operating in the 
European Union before June 7, 2010 which has 
submitted 
an 
application 
for 
registration 
in 
accordance with the CRA Regulation and such 
registration is not refused.] 
A rating is not a recommendation to buy, sell, or hold 
the Notes and may be subject to suspension, 
change, or withdrawal at any time by the assigning 
rating agency. 
49. 
Interests of Natural and Legal 
Persons 
Involved 
in 
the 
Issue: 
[Save as discussed in [“Subscription and Sale” in the 
Programme Prospectus], so far as the Issuer is 
aware, no person involved in the offer of the Notes 
has an interest material to the offer] 
50. 
Business Days: 
[•] 
51. 
Settlement Procedures: 
The Notes have been accepted for settlement in 
Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg 
52. 
Alternative Clearing System: 
[[•]/Not applicable] 
53. 
ISIN Code: 
[•] 
54. 
Common Code: 
[•] 
55. 
Consideration 
for 
initial 
[[•]/Not applicable]

--- Page 176 ---
176
Charged Assets: 
56. 
Delivery: 
[•] 
57. 
Additional 
selling 
restrictions: 
[•] 
58. 
Depositary Account: 
[[•]/Not applicable] 
59. 
Agent for service of process: 
For the purposes of Condition 18 (Governing Law 
and Submission to Jurisdiction), the Issuer has 
appointed [•] at its registered office at [•] as its agent 
for service of any proceedings in England in relation 
to the Notes and the Constituting Instrument. 
DISTRIBUTION 
60. 
Additional 
selling 
restrictions: 
61. 
Post-issuance information: 
[Indicate whether the Issuer intends to provide 
post-issuance transaction information regarding 
securities to be admitted to trading and the 
performance of the underlying collateral. Where 
the Issuer has indicated that it intends to report 
such information, specify what information will be 
reported, where such information can be obtained, 
and the frequency with which such information will 
be reported.] 
62. 
(i) PROHIBITION OF SALES TO 
EEA RETAIL INVESTORS: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(If the Notes clearly do not constitute “packaged” 
products, “Not Applicable” should be specified. If 
the Notes may constitute “packaged” products and 
no KID will be prepared in the EEA, “Applicable” 
should be specified) 
(ii) PROHIBITION OF SALES TO 
UK RETAIL INVESTORS: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(If the Notes clearly do not constitute “packaged” 
products, “Not Applicable” should be specified. If 
the Notes may constitute “packaged” products and 
no KID will be prepared in the UK, “Applicable” 
should be specified) 
Responsibility 
The Issuer accepts responsibility for the information contained in this Pricing Supplement. [[•] has 
been extracted from [•]. The Issuer confirms that such information has been accurately 
reproduced and that, so far as it is aware and is able to ascertain from information published by

--- Page 177 ---
177
[•], no facts have been omitted which would render the reproduced information inaccurate or 
misleading].  
Signed on behalf of the Issuer: 
By: 
Duly Authorised

--- Page 178 ---
178
PART B – OTHER INFORMATION 
[To be included]

--- Page 179 ---
179
OVERVIEW OF PROVISIONS RELATING TO NOTES WHILE IN GLOBAL FORM 
Initial Issue of Notes 
Upon the initial deposit of a Global Note in respect of Bearer Notes with a Common Depositary or 
Common Safekeeper, as the case may be, for Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg and/or 
any Alternative Clearing System or registration of Registered Notes in the name of (i) if it is 
intended that such Registered Notes be issued under the New Safekeeping Structure, a nominee 
for a Common Safekeeper for Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg; or (ii) if it is not intended 
that such Registered Notes be issued under the New Safekeeping Structure, a nominee for a 
Common Depositary for Euroclear or Clearstream, Luxembourg or any Alternative Clearing 
System and delivery of the Global Registered Certificate to the Common Depositary or Common 
Safekeeper, as the case may be, Euroclear or Clearstream, Luxembourg or such Alternative 
Clearing System will credit each subscriber with a principal amount of Notes equal to the principal 
amount thereof for which it has subscribed and paid. 
Unless otherwise provided in the relevant Final Terms or Pricing Supplement, as the case may be, 
Notes which are offered or sold to investors in the United States in reliance upon an exemption 
from the registration requirements of the Securities Act will be available either (i) in the form of 
fully registered definitive notes; or (ii) if the applicable Final Terms or Pricing Supplement, as the 
case may be, specifies that the Issuer is relying on the exception provided by Section 3(c)(7) of 
the 1940 Act and the Notes are to be issued as Global Registered Certificates, in the form of one 
or more Global Registered Certificates. See “Special Provisions Relating to Global Registered 
Certificates” below. 
Relationship of Accountholders with Clearing Systems 
Each of the persons shown in the records of Euroclear or Clearstream, Luxembourg or any 
Alternative Clearing System as the holder of a Note represented by a Global Note or a Global 
Registered Certificate must look solely to Euroclear or Clearstream, Luxembourg or such 
Alternative Clearing System (as the case may be) for his share of each payment made by the 
Issuer to the bearer of such Global Note or the holder of such Global Registered Certificate, as 
the case may be, and in relation to all other rights arising under the Global Note or Global 
Registered Certificate, subject to and in accordance with the respective rules and procedures of 
Euroclear or Clearstream, Luxembourg or such Alternative Clearing System (as the case may be). 
Such persons shall have no claim directly against the Issuer in respect of payments due on the 
Notes for as long as the Notes are represented by such Global Note or Global Registered 
Certificate and such obligations of the Issuer will be discharged by payment to the bearer of such 
Global Note or the holder of such Global Registered Certificate, as the case may be, in respect of 
each amount so paid.  
Exchange 
Temporary Global Notes 
Each Temporary Global Note will be exchangeable on or after its Exchange Date: 
(1) 
if the relevant Final Terms or Pricing Supplement, as the case may be, indicates 
that such Temporary Global Note is issued in compliance with the C Rules or in a 
transaction to which TEFRA is not applicable, in whole, but not in part, for the 
definitive Bearer Notes defined and described below; and

--- Page 180 ---
180
(2) 
otherwise, in whole or in part upon certification as to non-U.S. beneficial ownership 
in the form set out in the Constituting Instrument for interests in a Permanent 
Global Note or, if so provided in the relevant Final Terms or Pricing Supplement, 
as the case may be, for definitive Bearer Notes. 
Each Temporary Global Note that is also an Exchangeable Bearer Note will be exchangeable for 
Registered Notes represented by one or more Registered Certificates only if and to the extent so 
specified in the relevant Final Terms or Pricing Supplement, as the case may be, in accordance 
with the Conditions in addition to any Permanent Global Note or definitive Bearer Notes for which 
it may be exchangeable. 
Permanent Global Notes 
Each Permanent Global Note will, if so provided in the relevant Final Terms or Pricing 
Supplement, as the case may be, be exchangeable, in whole but not in part, for definitive Bearer 
Notes either: 
(1) 
on request from the holder thereof (or from all of the holders acting together, if 
more than one) for definitive Bearer Notes upon not less than 60 days’ prior written 
notice to the Issuer and the Issue Agent given (in the case of D Notes) not earlier 
than the relevant Exchange Date; or 
(2) 
if the Issuer would suffer a material disadvantage as a result of a change in laws or 
regulations (taxation or otherwise) or as a result of a change in the practice of 
Euroclear, Clearstream, Luxembourg or any Alternative Clearing System which 
would not be suffered were the Bearer Notes in definitive form and a certificate to 
such effect is given to the Trustee; or 
(3) 
at the option of the holder (or all of the holders acting together, if more than one) if: 
(a) 
an Event of Default under Condition 9 of the Notes occurs and is continuing 
and payment is not made on due presentation of the Permanent Global 
Note for payment; or 
(b) 
either Euroclear or Clearstream, Luxembourg or any other clearing system 
with which the Permanent Global Note is for the time being deposited is 
closed for business for a continuous period of 14 days (otherwise than by 
reason of holiday, statutory or otherwise) or announces an intention 
permanently to cease business or to cease to make its book-entry system 
available for settlement of beneficial interests in such Permanent Global 
Note or does in fact do either of such things and no Alternative Clearing 
System satisfactory to the Trustee and the Principal Paying Agent is 
available. 
Where a Permanent Global Note is, if so provided in the relevant Final Terms or Pricing 
Supplement, as the case may be, be exchangeable, in whole but not in part, for definitive Bearer 
Notes with, where applicable, Receipts, Coupons and Talons attached in the event that: 
(A) 
such Permanent Global Note is exchangeable in the circumstances described in (1) 
above, the Notes of such Series may only be issued in Authorised Denominations 
equal to, or greater than, EUR 100,000 (or its equivalent in another currency); and

--- Page 181 ---
181
(B) 
such Permanent Global Note is exchangeable in the circumstances described in (2) 
and (3) above, the Notes of such Series may be issued in Authorised 
Denominations which represent the aggregate of (a) a minimum authorised 
denomination of EUR 100,000 or some larger amount (or its equivalent in another 
currency), plus (b) integral multiples of EUR1,000 or some other amount (or its 
equivalent in another currency). 
In the circumstances described in (B) above, so long as the Notes are represented by a 
Temporary Global Note or a Permanent Global Note and the relevant clearing system(s) so 
permit, the Notes will be tradeable only in the minimum authorised denomination of  EUR 100,000 
or some larger amount (or its equivalent in another currency) and higher integral multiples of EUR 
1,000 or some other amount (or its equivalent in another currency), notwithstanding that no 
definitive notes will be issued with a denomination above EUR 199,000 (or its equivalent in 
another currency). 
Global Registered Certificates 
Each Global Registered Certificate will be exchangeable on or after its Exchange Date in whole 
but not in part for Registered Notes as represented by one or more Registered Certificates: 
(1) 
at the request of the registered holder (or all the registered holders acting together, 
if more than one), in whole but not in part, for definitive Registered Notes if: 
(a) 
interests in the Global Registered Certificate are cleared through Euroclear 
or Clearstream, Luxembourg or an Alternative Clearing System and 
Euroclear or Clearstream, Luxembourg or such Alternative Clearing System 
in which the Global Registered Certificate is for the time being held is 
closed for business for a continuous period of 14 days (otherwise than by 
reason of holiday, statutory or otherwise) or announces an intention 
permanently to cease business or to cease to make its book-entry system 
available for settlement of beneficial interests in the Global Registered 
Certificate and no Alternative Clearing System, satisfactory to the Trustee 
and the Registrar is available; or  
(b) 
an Event of Default under Condition 9 occurs and is continuing and 
payment is not made on due presentation of the Global Registered 
Certificate for payment; or 
(2) 
if the Issuer would suffer a material disadvantage as a result of a change in laws or 
regulations (taxation or otherwise) or as a result of a change in the practice of 
Euroclear, Clearstream, Luxembourg or any other clearing system in which the 
Global Registered Certificate is for the time being held which would not be suffered 
were the Notes represented by this Global Registered Certificate in definitive form 
and a certificate to such effect is given to the Trustee. 
Delivery of Definitive Bearer Notes and Registered Notes Represented by one or more 
Registered Certificates 
On or after any due date for exchange for definitive Bearer Notes or Registered Notes 
represented by one or more Registered Certificates (a) the holder of a Global Note may surrender 
such Global Note and (b) the holder of any Global Registered Certificate may, in the case of 
exchange in full, surrender such Global Registered Certificate. In exchange for any Global Note 
or Global Registered Certificate, or the part thereof to be exchanged, the Issuer will in the case of

--- Page 182 ---
182
(a) a Global Note exchangeable for definitive Bearer Notes and (b) a Global Registered 
Certificate exchangeable for Registered Notes represented by one or more Registered 
Certificates, deliver, or procure the delivery of an equal aggregate principal amount of duly 
executed and authenticated definitive Bearer Notes and/or Registered Notes represented by one 
or more Registered Certificates, as the case may be. definitive Bearer Notes will be security 
printed and Registered Notes represented by one or more Registered Certificates will be printed 
in accordance with any applicable legal and stock exchange requirements in or substantially in 
the form set out in the relevant Constituting Instrument. On exchange in full of each Global Note, 
the Issuer will, if the holder so requests, procure that it is cancelled and returned to the holder 
together with the relevant definitive Bearer Notes and/or Registered Notes represented by one or 
more Registered Certificates. 
Exchange Date 
“Exchange Date” means, in relation to a Temporary Global Note, the day falling after the expiry 
of 40 days after its issue date, but provided that if the Issuer issues any further notes pursuant to 
Condition 16 prior to the Exchange Date in relation to the Temporary Global Note representing 
the Notes with which such further notes shall be consolidated and form a single series, such 
Exchange Date may be extended to a date not less than 40 days after the date of issue of such 
further notes (but provided further that the Exchange Date for any Notes may not be extended to 
a date more than 160 days after their Issue Date). “Exchange Date” means in relation to a 
Permanent Global Note and a Global Registered Certificate, a day falling not less than 60 days 
after that on which the notice requiring exchange is given and, in any case, on which banks are 
open for business in the city in which the specified office of the Principal Paying Agent or, as the 
case may be, the Registrar is located and in the city in which the relevant clearing system is 
located. 
Legend 
Each Temporary Global Note, Permanent Global Note and any Bearer Note, Talon, Coupon and 
Receipt will bear the following legend: 
“Any United States person who holds this obligation will be subject to limitations under the 
United States income tax laws, including the limitations provided in Sections 165(j) and 
1287(a) of the U.S. Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended.”  
The sections of the Code referred to in the legend provide that a United States taxpayer, with 
certain exceptions, will not be permitted to deduct any loss, and will not be eligible for capital 
gains treatment with respect to any gain realised, on any sale, exchange or redemption of Bearer 
Notes or any related Coupons. 
Amendment to Conditions 
Each Temporary Global Note, Permanent Global Note and Global Registered Certificate will 
contain provisions that apply to the Notes that they represent, some of which will modify the effect 
of the Terms and Conditions of the Notes set out herein. The following is a summary of those 
provisions: 
Payments 
Except where a date for payment of interest on any Bearer Note occurs while such Bearer Note is 
represented by a Temporary Global Note, in which case the related interest payment will be 
made against presentation of the Temporary Global Note, if the Temporary Global Note is not

--- Page 183 ---
183
intended to be issued in New Global Note form, only to the extent that certification of non-U.S. 
beneficial ownership (in the form set out in the Temporary Global Note) has been received by 
Euroclear or Clearstream, Luxembourg, no payment falling due after the Exchange Date will be 
made on any Temporary Global Note unless exchange for an interest in a Permanent Global 
Note or for definitive Bearer Notes is improperly withheld or refused. All payments in respect of a 
Permanent Global Note will be made against presentation or surrender (as the case may be) of 
the Permanent Global Note, if the Permanent Global Note is not intended to be issued in New 
Global Note form. All payments in respect of a Global Registered Certificate will be made against, 
in the case of principal only, presentation or surrender, as the case may be, of the Global 
Registered Certificate. A record of each payment so made will be endorsed on each Global Note, 
which endorsement will be prima facie evidence that such payment has been made in respect of 
the Bearer Notes represented thereby. 
Prescription 
Claims against the Issuer for payment in respect of Notes that are represented by a Temporary 
Global Note, Permanent Global Note or Global Registered Certificate will become void unless it is 
presented for payment within a period of 10 years from the due date for payment. 
Meetings 
The holder of a Temporary Global Note, a Permanent Global Note or of the Notes represented by 
a Global Registered Certificate shall (unless such Temporary Global Note, Permanent Global 
Note or Global Registered Certificate represents only one Note) be treated as being two persons 
for the purposes of any quorum requirements of a meeting of Noteholders and, at any such 
meeting, the holder of a Temporary Global Registered Note or a Permanent Global Note or of the 
Notes represented by a Global Certificate shall be treated as having one vote in respect of each 
Authorised Denomination of Notes for which such Global Registered Note may be exchanged. All 
holders of Registered Notes are entitled on a poll to one vote in respect of each Note comprising 
such Noteholders’ holding, whether or not represented by a Global Registered Certificate. 
Cancellation 
Cancellation of any Bearer Note represented by a Permanent Global Note that is required by the 
Conditions to be cancelled (other than upon its redemption) will be effected by reduction in the 
principal amount of the relevant Permanent Global Note. 
Issuer’s Options 
Any option of the Issuer provided for in the Conditions of any Bearer Notes while such Bearer 
Notes are represented by a Permanent Global Note shall be exercised by the Issuer giving notice 
to the Noteholders within the time limits set out in, and containing the information required by, the 
Conditions, except that the notice shall not be required to contain the certificate numbers of 
Bearer Notes drawn in the case of a partial exercise of an option and accordingly no drawing of 
Bearer Notes shall be required. In the event that any option of the Issuer is exercised in respect 
of some but not all of the Bearer Notes of any Series, the rights of accountholders with a clearing 
system in respect of the Bearer Notes will be governed by the standard procedures of Euroclear, 
Clearstream, Luxembourg or an Alternative Clearing System (as the case may be). 
Noteholders’ Options 
Any option of the Noteholders provided for in the Conditions of any Bearer Notes while such 
Bearer Notes are represented by a Permanent Global Note may be exercised by the holder of the

--- Page 184 ---
184
Permanent Global Note giving notice to a Paying Agent or other relevant person within the time 
limits relating to the deposit of Bearer Notes with a Paying Agent set out in the Conditions 
substantially in the form of the notice available from any Paying Agent, except that the notice 
shall not be required to contain the certificate numbers of the Bearer Notes in respect of which 
the option has been exercised, and stating the principal amount of Bearer Notes in respect of 
which the option is exercised and at the same time presenting the Permanent Global Note to the 
Principal Paying Agent, or to a Paying Agent acting on behalf of the Principal Paying Agent, for 
notation. 
Trustee’s Powers 
In considering the interests of Noteholders while any Global Note is held on behalf of, or 
Registered Notes are registered in the name of any nominee for, a clearing system, the Trustee 
may have regard to any information provided to it by such clearing system or its operator as to 
the identity (either individually or by category) of its accountholders with entitlements to such 
Global Note or Registered Notes and may consider such interests as if such accountholders were 
the holders of the Notes represented by such Global Note or Global Registered Certificate (in the 
case of Registered Notes). 
Notices 
So long as any Bearer Notes are represented by a Global Note and such Global Note is held on 
behalf of a clearing system, notices to the holders of Bearer Notes of that Series may be given by 
delivery of the relevant notice to that clearing system for communication by it to entitled 
accountholders in substitution for publication as required by the Conditions or by delivery of the 
relevant notice to the holder of the Global Note.  
If and for so long as any Notes are listed on the Official List of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange 
and admitted to trading on the Luxembourg Stock Exchange, or on such other regulated markets 
or further stock exchanges as may be agreed between the Issuer and the Dealers, notices to 
holders of such Notes will also be published in accordance with the rules and regulations of the 
Luxembourg Stock Exchange, or the rules of such other regulated markets or further stock 
exchanges on which the relevant Notes are listed and admitted to trading. 
Partly-Paid Notes 
The provisions relating to Partly-Paid Notes are not set out herein, but will be contained in the 
relevant Constituting Instrument and also in the relevant Global Notes.

--- Page 185 ---
185
TRANSACTION OVERVIEW DIAGRAM 
The diagram below is intended to provide an overview of the structure of a typical 
repackaging transaction which includes a swap transaction. It is not intended to be an 
exhaustive description of the types of Notes which may be issued pursuant to this 
Programme Prospectus and related transactions which may be entered into by the Issuer. 
The Issuer may issue Notes with a different transaction structure. Investors should ensure 
that they understand the cashflows of a particular Series of Notes before making an 
investment decision. Investors should also review the detailed information set out elsewhere 
in this Programme Prospectus and the relevant Final Terms or Pricing Supplement for a 
description of the transaction structure and relevant cashflows prior to making any investment 
decision.

--- Page 186 ---
186 
Swap 
Counterparty
Issue
Dealer(s)
Noteholders
Selling Agent
Vendor
Charged Assets held 
with Custodian
Trustee
Redemption Amount 
payable on Notes
Scheduled cash flows 
received form Charged 
Assets
Proceeds 
of sale of 
some or all 
of the 
Charged 
Assets
Scheduled interest amounts and 
Final/Early Redemption/Settlement 
Amount
Cash flows on 
Charged 
Assets
Initial 
Charged 
Assets
Issue Price
ISSUE DATE
Purchase Price
Instruction to 
sell 
TERMINATION 
DATE
Notes
ISSUE DATE
Notes
Redemption 
Amount/ 
Charged 
Assets
Benefit of Issuer 
security
Aggregate Proceeds
ISSUE DATE
Redemption Amount/ 
Charged Assets remain 
following payment/delivery 
to Swap Counterparty under 
Charged Agreement 
MATURITY DATE/EARLY 
REDEMPTION DATE

--- Page 187 ---
187 
THE CHARGED ASSETS 
General 
The Charged Assets in relation to a Series of Notes are those which are specified as such in the 
relevant Final Terms or Pricing Supplement, as the case may be, which may comprise, without 
limitation, (i) debt securities or negotiable instruments (including, without limitation, bonds, 
commercial paper, notes, debentures, promissory notes, certificates of deposit or bills of 
exchange) of any form, denomination, type and issuer (including, but not limited to, corporate 
entities, sovereigns and supranational organisations); (ii) shares, stock or other equity securities 
of any form, denomination, type and issuer; (iii) the benefit of loans, evidences of indebtedness or 
other rights whatsoever, contractual or otherwise (including, without limitation, sub-participation, 
documentary or standby letters of credit or swap, option, exchange or other arrangements of the 
type contemplated in the section headed “Description of the Charged Agreements” below) 
assigned or transferred to or otherwise vested in, or entered into by, the Issuer; or (iv) any other 
assets all as may be more particularly specified in the applicable Final Terms or Pricing 
Supplement, as the case may be. 
Charged Assets with respect to Listed Notes 
A Series of Notes which is to be listed on the official list and admitted to trading on the regulated 
market of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange may only be issued under this Programme 
Prospectus by way of Final Terms for the purposes of Articles 8(5) and 25(4) of the Prospectus 
Regulation where the Charged Assets are assets having the following characteristics: 
Issuer of the Charged Assets: 
Republic of Italy 
Ministry of Economy and Finance 
Via XX Settembre 97 
00187 Rome 
Italy 
Kingdom of Spain 
Secretaría General del Tesoro y Política Financiera 
Paseo del Prado, 4-6 
28014 Madrid 
Spain 
Portuguese Republic 
Instituto de Gestão da Tesouraria e do Crédito 
Público, I.P. (IGCP) 
Av. da República, 57-6th Floor 
1050-189 Lisbon 
Portugal 
French Republic 
represented by the Agency France Trésor
139, rue de Bercy 
75572 Paris Cedex 12 
France 
Federal Republic of Germany 
Bundesrepublik Deutschland- Finanzagentur GmbH 
Lurgiallee 5 
60439 Frankfurt/Main

--- Page 188 ---
188
Germany 
Intesa Sanpaolo S.p.A. 
Piazza San Carlo 156 
10121 Turin 
Italy 
European Investment Bank 
100 boulevard Konrad Adenauer 
L-2950 Luxembourg 
Nature of business: 
Intesa Sanpaolo S.p.A. is the holding company of 
the Intesa Sanpaolo banking group, which is a full 
service Italian banking group that provides a wide 
range of retail and commercial banking and other 
financial services, including, inter alia, investment 
banking services carried out by the IMI Corporate 
and Investment Banking Division, following the 
incorporation of Banca IMI S.p.A. in to Intesa 
Sanpaolo S.p.A.  
The European Investment Bank is the European 
Union’s long-term lending institution established in 
1958 under the Treaty of Rome. 
Legal Nature: 
The legal nature of the Charged Assets will be as 
follows: 
(i) 
with respect to Charged Assets issued by the 
Republic of Italy, such Charged Assets will be 
treasury bonds (Buoni del Tesoro Poliennali) 
or other notes or bonds issued by the Republic 
of Italy; 
(ii) 
with respect to Charged Assets issued by the 
Kingdom of Spain, such Charged Assets will 
be treasury bonds (Bonos y Obligaciones del 
Estado) or other notes or bonds issued by the 
Kingdom of Spain; 
(iii) 
with respect to Charged Assets issued by the 
Portuguese Republic will be treasury bonds 
(Obrigações do Tesouro) or other notes or 
bonds issued by the Portuguese Republic; 
(iv) 
with respect to Charged Assets issued by the 
French Republic such Charged Assets will be 
treasury bonds (Obligations Assimilables du 
Trésor (OAT)) or other notes or bonds issued 
by the French Republic; 
(v) 
with respect to Charged Assets issued by the

--- Page 189 ---
189
Federal Republic of Germany will be German 
federal treasury discount paper (Bubills), 
German federal treasury notes (Schaetze or 
Bobls), 
German 
federal 
treasury 
bonds 
(Bundesanleihen) or other notes or bonds 
issued by the Federal Republic of Germany; 
(vi) 
with respect to Charged Assets issued by 
Intesa Sanpaolo S.p.A., such Charged Assets 
will be notes or bonds; and 
(vii) 
with respect to Charged Assets issued by the 
European Investment Bank, such Charged 
Assets will be notes or bonds. 
Method of origination or creation 
the Charged Assets: 
The method of origination or creation of the Charged 
Assets will be as follows: 
(viii) with respect to Charged Assets issued by the 
Republic of Italy, such Charged Assets will be 
issued by the Republic of Italy pursuant to a 
decree of the Italian Ministry of Economy and 
Finance;  
(ix) 
with respect to Charged Assets issued by the 
Kingdom of Spain, such Charged Assets will 
be issued by the Kingdom of Spain pursuant 
to 
resolutions 
adopted 
by 
the General 
Secretary of Treasury and Financial Policy; 
(x) 
with respect to the Charged Assets issued by 
the Portuguese Republic, such Charged 
Assets will be issued pursuant to a resolution 
of the Board of Directors of Instituto de Gestão 
da Tesouraria e do Crédito Público, I.P.; 
(xi) 
with respect to Charged Assets issued by the 
French Republic, such Charged Assets will be 
issued pursuant to an Order of the French 
Ministry of Economy and Finances and 
authorised by a Decree of the French Ministry 
of Economy and Finances, on the basis of the 
relevant French Finance Act; 
(xii) 
with respect to the Charged Assets issued by 
the Federal Republic of Germany, such 
Charged 
Assets 
will 
be 
issued 
by 
Bundesrepublik Deutschland - Finanzagentur 
GmbH pursuant to the German Federal Debt 
Act 
(Gesetz 
zur 
Regelung 
des 
Schuldenwesens 
des 
Bundes 
(Bundesschuldenwesengesetz - BSchuWG) 
and implementing rules and regulations);

--- Page 190 ---
190
(xiii) with respect to Charged Assets issued by 
Intesa Sanpaolo S.p.A., such Charged Assets 
will be issued by Intesa Sanpaolo S.p.A. 
pursuant to: 
(a) 
its programmes for the issuance of 
euro medium term notes and/or 
structured securities approved by the 
CSSF; 
(b) 
its programmes for the issuance of, 
among others, fixed rate notes, 
floating rate notes, variable rate notes 
with or without caps and floors, and 
zero coupon notes, approved by the 
Commissione 
Nazionale 
per 
le 
Società e la Borsa (“CONSOB”); 
(c) 
its programmes for the issuance of 
bonds with embedded options such 
as European or Asian call options 
and/or digital options, approved by 
CONSOB; 
(d) 
standalone bond issuances; 
(xiv) with respect to Charged Assets issued by 
Intesa Sanpaolo S.p.A., such Charged Assets 
will be issued by Intesa Sanpaolo S.p.A. 
pursuant to: 
(a) 
its programmes for the issuance of 
zero coupon notes, fixed rate notes, 
floating rate notes, variable rate 
notes, and/or inflation rate notes, 
approved by CONSOB; 
(b) 
its programmes for the issuance of 
medium term notes and covered 
bonds, approved by CSSF; 
(c) 
standalone bond issuances; and 
(xv) 
with respect to Charged Assets issued by the 
European Investment Bank, such Charged 
Assets will be issued by the European 
Investment Bank pursuant to its Debt Issuance 
Programme or its Euro Area Reference Note 
Issuance Facility. 
In each case, the Charged Assets will be purchased 
by the Issuer on or about the Issue Date pursuant to 
the Charged Assets Sale Agreement.

--- Page 191 ---
191
Replacement and/or substitution 
of the Charged Assets: 
Not applicable. 
Description 
of 
any 
relevant 
insurance policies relating to the 
Charged Assets:
Not applicable. 
Status: 
The Charged Assets will be senior, unsecured 
obligations of the relevant issuer. 
Governing law: 
The governing law of the Charged Assets will be as 
follows: 
(i) 
with respect to Charged Assets issued by the 
Republic of Italy, Italian law, English law or 
New York law; 
(ii) 
with respect to Charged Assets issued by the 
Kingdom of Spain, Spanish law; 
(iii) 
with respect to Charged Assets issued by the 
French Republic, French law; 
(iv) 
with respect to Charged Assets issued by the 
Federal Republic of Germany, German law; 
(v) 
with respect to Charged Assets issued by the 
Portuguese Republic, Portuguese law; 
 (vi) with respect to Charged Assets issued by 
Intesa Sanpaolo S.p.A., Italian law or English 
law; and 
(vii) with respect to Charged Assets issued by the 
European Investment Bank, English law or 
Luxembourg law. 
Listing and admission to trading: 
The Charged Assets will be listed and admitted to 
trading on a regulated market or equivalent market. 
Where the Charged Assets are already admitted to 
trading on a regulated or equivalent third country 
market, the name of the market are generally as 
follows:  
(i) 
with respect to Charged Assets issued by the 
Republic of Italy, Borsa Italiana – MOT and/or 
MTS Italia; 
(ii) 
with respect to Charged Assets issued by the 
Kingdom of Spain, Mercado de Renta Fija, 
AIAF, Bolsa de Madrid and/or Borsa Italiana – 
MOT;

--- Page 192 ---
192
(iii) 
with respect to Charged Assets issued by the 
French 
Republic, 
Euronext 
Paris, 
Borsa 
Italiana – MOT and/or Mercado de Renta Fija, 
AIAF; 
(iv) 
with respect to Charged Assets issued by the 
Federal Republic of Germany, Dusseldorfer 
Boerse (Regulierter Markt), Boerse Berlin 
(Regulierter 
Markt), 
Boerse 
Muenchen 
(Regulierter 
Markt), 
Tradegate 
Exchange 
(Regulierter Markt), Borsa Italiana – MOT 
and/or Mercado de Renta Fija, AIAF; 
(v) 
with respect to Charged Assets issued by the 
Portuguese Republic, Euronext Lisbon, Borsa 
Italiana – MOT and/or Mercado de Renta Fija, 
AIAF; 
 (vi) with respect to Charged Assets issued by 
Intesa Sanpaolo IMI S.p.A. (including those 
previously issued by Banca IMI S.p.A.), 
Luxembourg Stock Exchange, Irish Stock 
Exchange and/or Borsa Italiana MOT; and 
(vii) with respect to Charged Assets issued by the 
European 
Investment 
Bank, 
Luxembourg 
Stock Exchange. 
Confirmations 
The information above relating to the issuers of the Charged Assets has been accurately 
reproduced from information published by the relevant issuer. So far as the Issuer is aware and is 
able to ascertain from information published by the issuers of the Charged Assets no facts have 
been omitted which would render the reproduced information misleading. 
The Charged Assets for a Series of Notes which is to be listed and admitted to trading on the 
Luxembourg Stock Exchange have characteristics that demonstrate the capacity to produce 
funds to service any payments due and payable on the relevant Series of Notes.

--- Page 193 ---
193
THE CHARGED ASSETS SALE AGREEMENT 
The Charged Assets Sale Agreement 
By executing the Constituting Instrument, the Issuer may enter into a charged assets sale 
agreement in respect of a Series (the “Sale Agreement”) with the Seller named as such in the 
Constituting Instrument on the terms set out in the master charged assets sale terms as specified 
in the relevant Constituting Instrument (the “Master Charged Assets Sale Terms”), as amended, 
modified and/or supplemented by the relevant Constituting Instrument, which Constituting 
Instrument shall incorporate by reference the provisions of the Master Charged Assets Sale 
Terms. Pursuant to the Sale Agreement, the Charged Assets relating to each Series of Notes or 
Alternative Investments will by way of sale and purchase be purchased by the Issuer on the Issue 
Date of the Notes or Alternative Investments by using the net proceeds of the relevant Series of 
Notes. Delivery by the Seller of the Charged Assets shall be effected by delivery thereof to or to 
the order of the Custodian in relation to the Charged Assets (provided that, if the Custodian is, as 
at the applicable Issue Date, the holder of the Charged Assets, such delivery may be effected by 
the Seller directing the Custodian to hold the Charged Assets on and with effect from the Issue 
Date to or to the order of the Issuer, subject as provided in the Constituting Instrument) on the 
Issue Date against receipt by the Seller of the applicable consideration in full without set-off or 
deduction. 
Unless otherwise specified in the applicable Constituting Instrument, pursuant to the Sale 
Agreement in selling the Charged Assets, the Seller makes no representation or warranty as to 
the creditworthiness of any obligor in respect thereof, or as to whether the obligations of any 
obligor in respect thereof are valid, binding or enforceable or as to whether any event of default or 
potential event of default has or may have occurred with respect thereto. 
Copies of the Master Charged Assets Sale Terms and the Constituting Instrument which 
will constitute the relevant Sale Agreement in relation to each Series, so long as the 
relevant Notes or Alternative Investment remain outstanding,  (i) will be available during 
business hours on any weekday (Saturdays, Sundays and public holidays excepted) for 
inspection at, and collection of copies from, the registered office of each of the Issuer and 
the Trustee and the specified offices of the Paying Agents, and the Registrar (if any) or (ii) 
alternatively at the option of the Trustee, the Paying Agents and/or the Registrar (if any), 
may be provided by email to a Noteholder or (iii) may be provided by email to a Noteholder 
following prior written request to the Issuer, the Trustee, the Paying Agents and/or the 
Registrar (if any), and such Noteholder must produce evidence satisfactory to the Issuer, 
the Trustee or the relevant Agent, as the case may be, as to its holding of such Notes or 
Alternative Investment and identity. 
CUSTODY ARRANGEMENTS 
The party to the Constituting Instrument named as “Custodian” will act as the custodian of the 
Issuer with respect to the Charged Assets relating to the relevant Series or Tranche of Notes on 
the terms set out in the master custody terms as specified in the Constituting Instrument (the 
“Master Custody Terms”) as amended, modified and/or supplemented by the Constituting 
Instrument (the “Custody Agreement”). 
The Custody Agreement will provide that (unless otherwise directed by the Trustee in accordance 
with the provisions of the Constituting Instrument and/or, if applicable, any relevant Additional 
Charging Instrument) the Charged Assets that are delivered to the Custodian will be held in safe 
custody, on behalf of the Issuer, subject to the security constituted by or pursuant to such 
Constituting Instrument and/or, if applicable, the relevant Additional Charging Instrument and to

--- Page 194 ---
194
the provisions of the relevant Custody Agreement relating to release of the Charged Assets from 
the security constituted by such Constituting Instrument and/or, if applicable, the relevant 
Additional Charging Instrument. 
The Custody Agreement will provide that promptly on the due date for payment of principal, 
premium (if any) or interest or any other sums in respect of any Charged Assets or eligible credit 
support delivered to the Issuer by the Swap Counterparty pursuant to the Charged Agreement 
(“Eligible Credit Support”) relating to the Notes of the relevant Series, the Custodian shall, or, if 
the Charged Assets or Eligible Credit Support are held in Euroclear and/or Clearstream, 
Luxembourg and/or DTC and/or an alternative clearing system (each, a “Clearing System”), 
shall procure that such Clearing System shall, present for payment such Charged Assets or 
Eligible Credit Support or, as the case may be, the unmatured interest coupons appertaining to 
such Charged Assets or Eligible Credit Support or otherwise collect or arrange for payment of all 
sums due and shall remit the proceeds so paid, or procure that such proceeds are remitted, in 
accordance with the Custody Agreement as follows:  
(i) 
if there is a Charged Agreement with respect to a Series of Notes, such proceeds shall be 
paid to the Swap Counterparty on behalf of the Issuer in satisfaction of the Issuer’s 
obligations to make payments to the Swap Counterparty under the Charged Agreement; 
(ii) 
if there is no Charged Agreement with respect to a Series of Notes, such proceeds shall 
be paid to the Principal Paying Agent on behalf of the Issuer in order that the Principal 
Paying Agent may make payments to the Noteholders in respect of the Notes; and 
(iii) 
otherwise in accordance with the provisions of the Trust Deed and/or, if applicable, any 
Additional Charging Instrument relating to the Notes of the relevant Series, or in 
accordance with the instructions of the Trustee in exercise of its rights as chargee of such 
Charged Assets or Eligible Credit Support. 
Copies of the Master Custody Terms and the Constituting Instrument which will constitute 
the Custody Agreement in relation to each Series, so long as the relevant Notes or 
Alternative Investments remain outstanding,  (i)  will be available during business hours 
on any weekday (Saturdays, Sundays and public holidays excepted) for inspection at, and 
collection of copies from, the registered office of each of the Issuer and the Trustee and 
the specified offices of the Paying Agents and the Registrar (if any) or (ii) alternatively at 
the option of the Trustee, the Paying Agents and/or the Registrar (if any), may be provided 
by email to a Noteholder or (iii) may be provided by email to a Noteholder following prior 
written request to the Issuer, the Trustee, the Paying Agents and/or the Registrar (if any) 
and such Noteholder must produce evidence satisfactory to the Issuer, the Trustee or the 
relevant Agent, as the case may be, as to its holding of such Notes or Alternative 
Investment and identity.

--- Page 195 ---
195
DESCRIPTION OF CHARGED AGREEMENTS 
General 
Unless otherwise specified in the applicable Constituting Instrument, the Issuer will, on the Issue 
Date of the Notes of a Series, enter into one or more swap agreements with the party or parties to 
the Constituting Instrument named as a “Swap Counterparty” on the terms set out in the master 
charged agreement terms as specified in the Constituting Instrument (the “Master Charged 
Agreement Terms”), as amended, modified and/or supplemented by the Constituting Instrument 
(each a “Charged Agreement”). A Charged Agreement may comprise any transaction (i) which 
is an interest rate swap transaction, swap option, basis swap, forward rate transaction, 
commodity swap, commodity option, equity or equity index swap, equity or equity index option, 
bond option, interest rate option, foreign exchange transaction, cap transaction, floor transaction, 
collar transaction, currency swap transaction, cross-currency rate swap transaction, currency 
option, credit protection transaction, credit swap, credit default swap, credit default option, total 
return swap, credit spread transaction, repurchase transaction, reverse repurchase transaction, 
buy/sell-back transaction, securities lending transaction, or forward purchase or sale of a security, 
commodity or other financial instrument or interest (including any option with respect to any of 
these transactions); or (ii) which is a type of transaction that is similar to any transaction referred 
to in (i) that is currently, or in the future becomes, recurrently entered into in the financial markets 
(including terms and conditions included by reference in such agreement) and that is a forward, 
swap, future, option or other derivative on one or more rates, currencies, commodities, equity 
securities or other equity instruments, debt securities or other debt instruments, or economic 
indices or measures of economic risk or value and any combination of the foregoing transactions, 
under which the relevant Swap Counterparty may make certain payments and/or deliveries of 
cash, securities or other assets to the Issuer in respect of amounts due or deliveries to be made 
in respect of the Notes, Receipts and Coupons (if any) and the Issuer may make certain 
payments and/or deliveries of securities or other assets to the Swap Counterparty corresponding 
to sums or other deliveries receivable by the Issuer in respect of the Charged Assets, all as more 
particularly described in the applicable Constituting Instrument. A Charged Agreement may 
contain provisions requiring the relevant Swap Counterparty or the Issuer to deposit security, 
collateral or margin in certain circumstances all as may be more particularly described in the 
applicable Constituting Instrument. A Charged Agreement for a Series will, unless otherwise 
specified in the applicable Constituting Instrument, terminate on the Maturity Date of the Notes of 
the relevant Series, unless terminated earlier in accordance with the terms thereof. 
The Charged Agreement (if any) for a Series will (unless otherwise specified in the applicable 
Constituting Instrument) incorporate the Master Charged Agreement Terms which comprise a 
swap agreement incorporating the International Swaps and Derivatives Association, Inc. form of 
Master Agreement (1992 Edition) (Multicurrency Cross-Border) (the “ISDA Master Agreement”) 
and a Schedule thereto created by the Constituting Instrument for such Series and be 
supplemented by one or more letters of confirmation (each, a “Confirmation”). The Issuer may 
also enter into a credit support annex in the form of the Credit Support Annex (Bilateral Form – 
Transfer) (the “Credit Support Annex”) which will supplement, form part of, and be subject to, 
the ISDA Master Agreement and the Schedule thereto. 
Early Termination of the Charged Agreement 
The Charged Agreement may, unless otherwise specified in the applicable Constituting 
Instrument, be terminated early on the occurrence of one of the Events of Default or Termination 
Events (each as defined below).

--- Page 196 ---
196
Unless otherwise specified in the applicable Constituting Instrument, on the termination of the 
Charged Agreement, a termination payment (the “Settlement Amount”) may be due to be paid to 
the Issuer by the relevant Swap Counterparty or to the relevant Swap Counterparty by the Issuer, 
which amount will be determined by the relevant Swap Counterparty except where the relevant 
Swap Counterparty is the Defaulting Party (as defined in the Charged Agreement), in which case 
it will be made by the Issuer. 
The Settlement Amount is calculated by reference to the costs that would be incurred by the party 
making the calculation in replacing (or providing the economic equivalent of) the rights and 
obligations that have been terminated, or the gain that would be made in so doing and taking into 
account the value of any collateral posted between the parties pursuant to any Credit Support 
Annex to the Charged Agreement. 
Events of Default 
The events relating to the Issuer and the Swap Counterparty, the occurrence of which may lead 
to a termination of all the transactions entered into pursuant to the Charged Agreement (the 
“Events of Default”) are: 
(i) 
Failure to Pay or Deliver - at the option of one party, a failure by the other party to pay 
any amounts due under the relevant Charged Agreement if such failure is not remedied on 
or before the third local business day after notice of such failure is given to the party; 
(ii) 
Breach of Agreement - at the option of the Issuer only, if the Swap Counterparty fails to 
comply with or perform any agreement or obligation in respect of the Charged Agreement 
and such failure is not remedied on or before the thirtieth day after notice of such failure is 
given to the Swap Counterparty; 
(iii) 
Misrepresentation - at the option of the Issuer only, if certain representations made or 
repeated or deemed to have been made or repeated by the Swap Counterparty proves to 
have been incorrect or misleading in any material respect when made or repeated or 
deemed to have been made or repeated; 
(iv) 
Cross Default - at the option of the Issuer only, (1) if in respect of the Swap Counterparty 
there are defaults under one or more agreements or instruments relating to certain 
specified indebtedness in an aggregate amount equal of not less than three per cent. of 
the Swap Counterparty’s shareholders’ equity (howsoever described) as shown in the 
most recent annual audited financial statements which has resulted in such specified 
indebtedness becoming, or becoming capable at such time of being declared, due and 
payable under such agreements or instruments, before it would otherwise have been due 
and payable; or (2) a default by the Swap Counterparty in making one or more payments 
on the due date thereof in an aggregate amount of not less than three per cent. of the 
Swap Counterparty’s shareholders’ equity (howsoever described) as shown in the most 
recent annual audited financial statements (after giving effect to any applicable notice 
requirement or grace period); 
(v) 
Bankruptcy - at the option of one party, upon the occurrence of certain insolvency events 
with respect to the other party; and/or 
(vi) 
Merger Without Assumption - at the option of the Issuer only, if the Swap Counterparty 
consolidates or amalgamates with, or merges with or into, or transfers all or substantially

--- Page 197 ---
197
all its assets to, another entity and such resulting, surviving or transferee entity fails to 
assume all the obligations of such other party. 
Termination Events 
The events relating to the Issuer and the Swap Counterparty, the occurrence of which may lead 
to a termination of some or all of the transactions entered into pursuant to the Charged 
Agreement (the “Termination Events”) are: 
(i) 
Illegality - at the option of one party or both parties, it becomes illegal for either party to 
perform its obligations under the Charged Agreement; 
(ii) 
Tax Event - at the option of one party, if (subject as provided in the Charged Agreement) 
withholding taxes are imposed on payment made by the Issuer or the Swap Counterparty 
under the Charged Agreement; and/or 
(iii) 
Tax Event Upon Merger - at the option of the Swap Counterparty only, if (subject as 
provided in the Charged Agreement) withholding taxes are imposed on payment made by 
the Issuer or the Swap Counterparty under the Charged Agreement as a result of a party 
consolidating or amalgamating with, or merging with or into, or transferring all or 
substantially all its assets to, another entity; 
(iv) 
certain additional termination events. 
In respect of (iv) above, the additional termination events are (a) if the Notes become repayable 
in full prior to their maturity, (b) if the Notes are to be redeemed by the Issuer pursuant to the 
paragraph headed “Alternative procedures” of Condition 1(b)(3), Condition 7(f), Condition 7(i) or 
Condition 7(j) of the Notes, (c) if the Notes are to be repurchased by the Issuer pursuant to 
Condition 7(g) (Purchase) and (d) if a Regulatory Event (as defined below) occurs pursuant to 
Condition 7(h) (Redemption for Regulatory Event). 
A “Regulatory Event” will occur if the Swap Counterparty determines in its sole discretion that, 
due to a Relevant Law:  
(a) 
any transaction under the Charged Agreement: (i) is required to be cleared through a 
central clearing counterparty (a “CCP”) and such requirement was not applicable as at the 
trade date of such transaction; or (ii) causes the Swap Counterparty and/or the Issuer to 
become the subject of risk mitigation provisions as a result of not being cleared through a 
CCP, which risk mitigation provisions were not applicable as at the trade date, and which 
risk mitigation provisions include (without limitation) (A) the imposition on either the Swap 
Counterparty or the Issuer of increased capital charges above those (if any) that prevailed 
at the trade date (as certified by the Swap Counterparty or the Issuer, as relevant) and/or 
(B) the requirement for the Swap Counterparty and/or the Issuer to provide collateral or 
any form of initial or variation margin to the other in respect of such transaction in addition 
to that (if any) contemplated and documented in respect of such transaction on its trade 
date; or (iii) results, or would result, in the Swap Counterparty or the Issuer being subject 
to any administrative or regulatory penalty or sanctions for any failure to comply with any 
clearing obligation or risk mitigation provisions that were not applicable as at the trade 
date; or (iv) results, or would result, in a transaction under the Charged Agreement being 
required to be maintained through a different legal entity than the Swap Counterparty; or 
(v) results in the Swap Counterparty or the Issuer becoming subject to a financial 
transaction tax or other similar tax; or

--- Page 198 ---
198
(b) 
the Swap Counterparty or the Issuer are or will be materially and adversely restricted in 
their ability to perform their obligations under an outstanding transaction relating to the 
Notes (such determination to be made by the Swap Counterparty in its sole discretion); or  
(c) 
the Swap Counterparty or the Issuer, or any affiliate, directors, officers or employee 
thereof would be an “AIFM” for the purposes of the AIFMD (as defined below) with respect 
to the Issuer by virtue (wholly or partially) of their involvement with the Notes and/or the 
Charged Agreement.  
For this purpose, “Relevant Law” means:  
(A) 
the Dodd-Frank Wall Street Reform and Consumer Protection Act (or similar 
legislation in other jurisdictions) or the adoption of any law, regulation or rule 
related thereto;  
(B) 
the Regulation of the European Parliament and the Council on OTC Derivatives, 
Central Counterparties and Trade Repositaries and any technical guidelines and 
regulatory technical standards, further regulations, official guidance or official rules 
of procedures with respect thereto;  
(C) 
the adoption of, or any change in, any applicable law or regulation after the trade 
date of the relevant transaction, or due to the promulgation of, or any change in, 
the interpretation by any court, tribunal or regulatory authority with competent 
jurisdiction of any applicable law or regulation after the trade date, and with 
applicable law or regulation for this purpose meaning any similar, related or 
analogous law to those in paragraphs (A) or (B) of this definition or any law or 
regulation that imposes a financial transaction tax or other similar tax; and/or  
(D) 
Directive 2011/61/EU of the European Parliament and of the Council of 8 June 
2011 on Alternative Investment Fund Managers and any implementing legislation 
in an EU Member State and any technical guidelines and regulatory technical 
standards, further regulations, official guidance or official rules of procedures with 
respect thereto (together, the “AIFMD”). 
Partial Termination of the Charged Agreement 
Unless otherwise specified in the applicable Constituting Instrument, a Charged Agreement may 
be terminated in part or in whole if the relevant Swap Counterparty receives a notice that some 
(or all) of the Notes of the relevant Series are to be redeemed by the Issuer pursuant to Condition 
7(g) of the Notes or purchased by the Issuer pursuant to Condition 7(s) of the Notes or 
exchanged for Notes of a New Series pursuant to Condition 7(t) of the Notes. In such 
circumstances (unless otherwise specified in the applicable Constituting Instrument) the liability of 
the Issuer and the relevant Swap Counterparty to make payments and/or deliveries to the other 
pursuant to the Charged Agreement after the date of such redemption, purchase or exchange will, 
in the case of any redemption or purchase, be terminated, in the case of any redemption or 
purchase, to the extent and in the amounts that are equivalent to (in the case of the Issuer) the 
amounts which would have been received by the Issuer on the Charged Assets to be released 
from the charges granted in favour of the Trustee in or pursuant to the relevant Constituting 
Instrument consequent on such redemption and (in the case of the relevant Swap Counterparty) 
the amount which would have been payable on the Notes so redeemed and, in the case of an 
exchange, will be terminated in whole. Upon any partial termination of the Charged Agreement 
pursuant to the foregoing a determination of a Settlement Amount will be made by the relevant

--- Page 199 ---
199
Swap Counterparty with respect to the portion of the Charged Agreement which is terminated 
only (unless otherwise specified in the applicable Constituting Instrument). 
If a Charged Agreement is terminated prior to its scheduled termination date in 
accordance with its terms then, save as otherwise provided in the relevant Charged 
Agreement, the security constituted by the relevant Constituting Instrument and/or any 
Additional Charging Instrument may become enforceable.
Copies of the Master Charged Agreement Terms and the Constituting Instrument which 
will constitute the Charged Agreement in relation to each Series, so long as the Notes of 
the relevant Series remain outstanding, (i) will be available during business hours on any 
weekday (Saturdays, Sundays and public holidays excepted) for inspection at, and 
collection of copies from, the registered office of each of the Issuer and the Trustee and 
the specified offices of the Paying Agents and the Registrar (if any) or (ii) alternatively at 
the option of the Trustee, the Paying Agents and/or the Registrar (if any), may be provided 
by email to a Noteholder or (iii) may be provided by email to a Noteholder following prior 
written request to the Issuer, the Trustee, the Paying Agents and/or the Registrar (if any), 
and such Noteholder must produce evidence satisfactory to the Issuer, the Trustee or the 
relevant Agent, as the case may be, as to its holding of such Notes and identity. 
Charged Agreements with respect to Listed Notes 
A Series of Notes which is to be listed and admitted to trading on the Luxembourg Stock 
Exchange may only be issued under this Programme Prospectus by way of Final Terms for the 
purposes of Articles 8(5) and 25(4) of the Prospectus Regulation where the Charged Agreement 
has the following characteristics: 
Documentation: 
The Charged Agreement (if any) for a Series of Listed Notes will 
incorporate the Master Charged Agreement Terms which comprise 
an ISDA Master Agreement and Schedule thereto created by the 
Constituting Instrument for such Series. The Issuer may enter into 
one or more swap transactions which will be an interest rate 
transaction and/or a currency swap transaction under the ISDA 
Master Agreement in connection with the issue of a Series of Listed 
Notes which will be evidenced by one or more Confirmations.
Payments: 
The Charged Agreement (if any) in respect of a Series of Listed 
Notes will set out certain payments to be made from the Issuer to the 
Swap Counterparty and vice versa. 
Payments by the Issuer under the Charged Agreement will be limited 
recourse obligations and will be funded from sums received by the 
Issuer (i) on the issue of the relevant Series of Listed Notes; and/or 
(ii) in respect of the Charged Assets (if any) relating to such Series 
of Listed Notes. 
The payments required between the Issuer and the Swap 
Counterparty under the Charged Agreement are designed to ensure 
that following the making of such payments, the Issuer will have 
such funds, when taken together with remaining amounts available 
to it from the issue of the relevant Series of Listed Notes and/or 
received in respect of the Charged Assets (if any) relating to such 
Series of Listed Notes, as are necessary for it to meet its obligations

--- Page 200 ---
200
under such Series of Listed Notes and the Constituting Instrument. 
Such obligations may include, without limitation, its obligation: 
(i) 
to pay the purchase price for the Charged Assets (if any) 
relating to the relevant Series of Listed Notes; and/or 
(ii) 
to make payments of any Interest Amount (or any other 
amount payable by it by way of interest), Instalment Amount 
and Scheduled Redemption Amount in respect of the relevant 
Series of Listed Notes. 
Credit Support Annex: 
Charged Assets may be transferable to or from the Issuer under the 
Credit Support Annex. The Credit Support Annex in respect of a 
Series of Listed Notes may allow for either “one-way” or “two-way” 
deliveries or payments under the Credit Support Annex. As with 
respect to deliveries or payments under the Charged Agreement, the 
provisions of the Credit Support Annex will be agreed between the 
Issuer and the Swap Counterparty at the time of entry into of the 
relevant Charged Agreement.

--- Page 201 ---
201
DESCRIPTION OF THE ISSUER
General 
The objects for which the Issuer was established, as set out in Article 3 of the Articles of 
Association of the Issuer, are: 
(a) 
to raise finance through, inter alia, the issuance of bonds, notes and other debt 
instruments, the entering into loan agreements, derivatives and other instruments 
evidencing indebtedness; 
(b) 
to invest funds raised in, inter alia, (interests in) bonds, notes, loans, deposits and 
other debt instruments, other contractual rights (including, without limitation, sub-
participations or swap, option, exchange and hedging arrangements or other 
derivative instruments, or rights under leases or annuities under leases) or other 
financial or non-financial assets, including, without limitation, trade finance, 
commodities, project finance and related assets, listed or unlisted equities, units in 
investment schemes, currencies, futures, options, warrants, swaps and other 
derivative instruments, as well as greenhouse gas emission allowances, certified 
emission reductions, emission reduction units and other types of emission rights, 
emission allowances or carbon trading instruments; 
(c) 
to acquire, purchase, manage and sell claims and part of claims; 
(d) 
to grant security in whatever form for obligations and liabilities of the Issuer; 
(e) 
to enter into swaps and other derivative transactions, letters of credit, guarantees, 
insurances, or other credit support or credit enhancement documents or other 
hedging agreements in connection with the above objects; and 
(f) 
to enter into agreements with third parties relating to the above objects.
Stock and Registered Office 
The Issuer represents to have an issued and outstanding share capital of EUR 18,000 consisting 
of 180 shares with a nominal value of EUR 100.00 each, all of which are fully paid up and held by 
Stichting DUNIA Capital, a foundation (stichting) (the “Foundation”) established under Dutch law 
on 21 November 2006 and having its corporate seat in Amsterdam, the Netherlands. The Issuer 
and the Foundation entered into a letter agreement with effect as of 18 January 2007 under which, 
in order to ensure that the Foundation does not abuse its direct control of the Issuer, the 
Foundation, inter alia, undertook (i) to manage the affairs of the Issuer in accordance with proper 
and prudent Dutch business practice and in accordance with the requirements of Dutch law and 
accounting practice; (ii) to exercise its voting and other rights and powers as a shareholder of the 
Issuer in accordance with the Issuer’s obligations under the documents relating to the 
Programme and the managing director, in its capacity as sole director of the Foundation, 
undertook not to cause or permit the Foundation to do otherwise; (iii) not to liquidate the Issuer 
without the prior written approval of the Trustee; and (iv) that the Issuer shall undertake no 
business except the transactions contemplated by the documents relating to the Programme. 
The Issuer is a special purpose vehicle for the purpose of issuing asset backed securities being a 
private company with limited liability (besloten vennootschap met beperkte aansprakelijkheid) 
incorporated under Dutch law on 18 January 2007. The corporate seat of the Issuer is in

--- Page 202 ---
202
Amsterdam, the Netherlands. Its registered office and correspondence address is Basisweg 10, 
1043 AP Amsterdam, the Netherlands (telephone number: +31 20 521 4777). The Issuer is 
registered in the trade register of the Chamber of Commerce and Industry (Kamer van 
Koophandel) in Amsterdam under number 34265018.  The Foundation is registered in the trade 
register of the Chamber of Commerce and Industry under number 34260366. 
Management 
On 18 January 2007, the following company was appointed as the sole managing director 
(statutair directeur) of the Issuer: 
Intertrust (Netherlands) B.V. (formerly Fortis Intertrust (Netherlands) B.V.) 
Basisweg 10 
1043 AP Amsterdam 
The Netherlands 
The managing director is responsible for the management and administration of the Issuer and 
the managing director entered into a Management and Corporate Services Agreement dated as 
of 18 January 2007 with the Issuer in respect thereof. The business address of the managing 
director is Basisweg 10, 1043 AP Amsterdam, the Netherlands. The appointment of the managing 
director may be terminated upon six months’ notice (which may be reduced to four months’ notice 
in such circumstances that if it were not reduced to four months it would be materially prejudicial 
to the Issuer or the managing director), subject to the appointment of an alternative managing 
director. On 10 January 2007, Intertrust (Netherlands) B.V. was appointed the sole director of the 
Foundation. Intertrust (Netherlands) B.V. is the world’s leading provider of quality trust and 
corporate services with a presence in 21 countries worldwide and 60 years of experience. 
Intertrust (Netherlands) B.V. is regulated as a trust company and has a license from the Dutch 
Central Bank (www.dnb.nl) which has a continuing supervision on the company activities as 
corporate service provider. Additional information is available at www.intertrustgroup.com. 
The representatives of the sole managing director of the Issuer are as follows:  
Representatives 
Principal outside activities 
Arno Vink 
Executive Director 
Kristina Adamovich- van Doorn 
Director Legal 
The business address of each of the representatives of the sole managing director is Basisweg 
10, 1043 AP Amsterdam, the Netherlands. 
Each of Edwin van Ankeren, Arno Vink and Henri Kröner (as representatives of the sole 
managing director) confirm that there is no conflict of interest between their duties as 
representatives of the sole managing director of the Issuer and their principal and/or other outside 
activities. 
Business 
The business of the Issuer is limited to acquiring and holding charged assets, issuing notes, 
entering into swaps and other related hedge agreements and performing its obligations and 
exercising its rights thereunder and entering into other related transactions, in each case, in 
respect of or in relation to the notes it has issued.

--- Page 203 ---
203
The Issuer has, and will have, no assets other than the amounts standing to the credit of the 
Issuer Dutch Account and any other assets on which the Notes or Alternative Investments are 
secured. Save in respect of the minimum profit to be retained according to the Dutch tax 
agreement obtained on behalf of the Issuer with the Dutch tax authorities in connection with each 
issue of Notes or Alternative Investments and the proceeds of any deposits and investments 
made from such amounts or from amounts representing the Issuer’s issued and paid-up share 
capital, the Issuer will not accumulate any surpluses. 
The Notes and Alternative Investments are obligations of the Issuer alone and not of, or 
guaranteed in any way by, the Foundation or the Trustee. Furthermore, they are not obligations of, 
or guaranteed in any way by, Intertrust (Netherlands) B.V. and/or its group entities, any Swap 
Counterparty or any other Programme Party. 
Financial Statements 
The auditors of the Issuer are Mazars Accountants N.V., P.O. Box 7266, 1007 JG Amsterdam, 
the Netherlands. Mazars Accountants N.V. are a member of the Netherlands Royal Netherlands 
Institute 
of 
Chartered 
Accountants 
(Koninklijke 
Nederlandse 
Beroepsorganisatie 
van 
Accountants). The financial statements will be prepared in accordance with accounting standards 
generally accepted in the Netherlands.   
The audited financial statements with explanatory notes must be filed with the trade register of 
the Chamber of Commerce and Industry in Amsterdam. The Issuer does not intend to prepare 
financial statements other than as may be required by law and in order to obtain or preserve any 
rating by a recognised debt rating agency of the Issuer or any Series of Notes or Alternative 
Investments issued by it.   
The Issuer will covenant in each Constituting Instrument relating to a Series of Notes to procure 
that the Trustee receives an annual certificate, in form and substance satisfactory to the Trustee 
that for so long as any Note remains outstanding no Event of Default has occurred and is 
continuing. 
At the date of this Programme Prospectus, the Issuer has published its last financial statements 
in respect of the year ending on 31 December 2021 and these as well as its financial statements 
in respect of the years ending on 31 December 2020 are incorporated by reference into this 
Programme Prospectus.  
Copies of such audited financial statements, together with the relevant auditors’ report, will be 
made available for inspection at the office of the Luxembourg Listing Agent or alternatively at the 
option of the Luxembourg Listing Agent, may be provided by email to a Noteholder and such 
Noteholder must produce evidence satisfactory to the Luxembourg Listing Agent as to its holding 
of such Notes and identity. 
Tax Status of Issuer 
The Issuer is a resident of the Netherlands for Dutch tax purposes. 
Website of the Issuer 
Further information on the Issuer is available on the website of the Issuer at www.duniacapital.nl. 
The information on the website of the Issuer does not form part of this Programme Prospectus 
unless that information is stated herein (or in a supplement to this Programme Prospectus) to be 
incorporated by reference into this Programme Prospectus.

--- Page 204 ---
204
DESCRIPTION OF THE TRANSACTION PARTIES 
Principal Paying Agent and Custodian  
The Principal Paying Agent and the Custodian for a Series of Notes will be The Bank of New York 
Mellon, London Branch. Its registered office is at 160 Queen Victoria Street, London EC4V 4LA, 
United Kingdom. 
The Bank of New York Mellon, London Branch is a branch, registered in England and Wales with 
FC No 00552 and BR No 000818 with its principal office in the United Kingdom situated at 160 
Queen Victoria Street London EC4V 4LA, of The Bank of New York Mellon - a wholly owned 
subsidiary of The Bank of New York Mellon Corporation which is a Delaware corporation (NYSE 
symbol: BK). The Bank of New York Mellon Corporation headquartered in New York, New York, 
(the “Corporation”) manages and services assets for financial institutions, corporations and 
individual investors in 35 countries and more than 100 markets.  As of 30 June 2019, the 
Corporation, including its subsidiaries, had $35.5 trillion in assets under custody and/or 
administration and $1.8 trillion in assets under management. With predecessors, the Corporation 
has 
been 
in 
business 
since 
1784.  
Additional 
information 
is 
available 
on 
www.bnymellon.com.  
Follow 
us 
on 
Twitter@BNYMellon 
or 
visit 
our 
newsroom 
at 
www.bnymellon.com/newsroom for the latest company news. 
The Principal Paying Agent will be appointed pursuant to the Agency Agreement in respect of the 
relevant Series of Notes (which the Issuer, the Trustee, the Interest Calculation Agent (if any), the 
Principal Paying Agent, the Paying Agent and any other agents will enter into pursuant to the 
Constituting Instrument in respect of the relevant Series of Notes). 
The Principal Paying Agent may at any time resign its appointment under the relevant Agency 
Agreement subject to giving to the Issuer, the Swap Counterparty and the Trustee not less than 
60 days’ prior written notice (or such lesser period of notice as the Issuer and the Trustee may 
agree) to that effect and the Issuer may at any time terminate the appointment of the Principal 
Paying Agent, subject to the Issuer giving to the Principal Paying Agent, the Swap Counterparty 
and the Trustee not less than 60 days’ written notice to that effect, subject to the various provisos 
contained in the Agency Agreement.
The Custodian will be appointed pursuant to the Custody Agreement in respect of the relevant 
Series of Notes (which the Issuer, the Trustee and the Custodian will enter into pursuant to the 
Constituting Instrument in respect of the relevant Series of Notes). 
The Custodian may at any time resign its appointment under the Custody Agreement subject to 
giving to the Issuer, the Principal Paying Agent, the Swap Counterparty and the Trustee not less 
than 30 days’ prior written notice (or such lesser period of notice as the Issuer and the Trustee 
may agree) to that effect and the Issuer may at any time terminate the appointment of the 
Custodian, subject to the Issuer giving to the Custodian, the Principal Paying Agent, the Swap 
Counterparty and to the Trustee not less than 30 days’ written notice to that effect, subject to the 
various provisos contained in the Custody Agreement. 
Paying Agent
The Paying Agent for a Series of Notes will be The Bank of New York Mellon SA/NV, 
Luxembourg Branch. The Bank of New York Mellon SA/NV (“BNYM SA/NV”) is a Belgian public 
limited liability company, authorized and regulated as a credit institution by the National Bank of 
Belgium (“NBB”) with company number 0806.743.159 and with registered office at 46 Rue 
Montoyer, B-1000 Brussels, Belgium. BNYM SA/NV, an indirect wholly-owned subsidiary of The

--- Page 205 ---
205
Bank of New York Mellon Corporation, holds a banking licence and is regulated by the NBB and 
supervised by the European Central Bank. The Luxembourg branch of BNYM SA/NV is located in 
the Grand Duchy of Luxembourg at Vertigo Building - Polaris – 2-4 rue Eugène Ruppert -L-2453 
Luxembourg and registered in the “Registre de Commerce et des Sociétés” in Luxembourg with 
the number B 105087. 
As part of an internal restructuring to rationalise its legal entity structure and to streamline its 
operations, The Bank of New York Mellon (Luxembourg) S.A. merged into The Bank of New York 
Mellon SA/NV (the “Merger”) on 1 April 2017. As a result of the Merger, the activities of The Bank 
of New York Mellon (Luxembourg) S.A. were allocated to the Luxembourg branch of BNYM 
SA/NV. 
The Merger took place in accordance with the European Union Directive on Cross-Border 
Mergers of Limited Liability Companies (2005/56/EC) as implemented by Luxembourg and 
Belgium. Pursuant to the Merger, the assets and liabilities of The Bank of New York Mellon 
(Luxembourg) S.A. were acquired by BNYM SA/NV and The Bank of New York Mellon 
(Luxembourg) S.A. was dissolved without going into liquidation. 
The purpose of The Bank of New York Mellon SA/NV is the carrying out of all banking and 
savings activities pursuant to Article 3 § 2 of the Belgian Law of 22 March 1993 on the legal 
status and supervision of credit institutions, and more particularly to receive deposits in cash, 
financial instruments and other assets, to extend credits in any form whatsoever, to conclude any 
transactions relating to currencies, financial instruments and precious metals, to provide all 
financial and administrative services, as well as to hold interests in other companies and to carry 
out all other financial, movable and immovable transactions which directly or indirectly relate to its 
purpose or facilitate its achievement. 
The Bank of New York Mellon SA/NV, Luxembourg Branch is authorised to carry out all Banking 
activities as well as the activity of administrative agent of the Financial Sector. 
The Bank of New York Mellon SA/NV, Luxembourg Branch is a member of the following 
organisations: 
(i) 
the Luxembourg Banking and Bankers Association, (“ABBL”); 
(ii) 
the Luxembourg Stock Exchange; and 
(iii) 
the Association of the Luxembourg Fund Industry (“ALFI”). 
The Corporate Trust Department of The Bank of New York Mellon SA/NV, Luxembourg Branch 
services a wide scope of debt instruments and fiduciary transactions as (principal) paying agent, 
custodian, listing agent, fiduciary, registrar, transfer agent and conversion and exchange agent. 
The Paying Agent will be appointed pursuant to the Agency Agreement in respect of the relevant 
Series of Notes (which the Issuer, the Trustee, the Interest Calculation Agent (if any), the 
Principal Paying Agent, the Paying Agent and any other agents will enter into pursuant to the 
Constituting Instrument in respect of the relevant Series of Notes). 
The Paying Agent may at any time resign its appointment under the Agency Agreement subject to 
giving to the Issuer, the Principal Paying Agent, the Swap Counterparty and the Trustee not less 
than 60 days’ prior written notice (or such lesser period of notice as the Issuer and the Trustee 
may agree) to that effect and the Issuer may at any time terminate the appointment of the Paying 
Agent, subject to the Issuer giving to the Paying Agent, the Principal Paying Agent, the Swap 
Counterparty and the Trustee not less than 60 days’ written notice to that effect, subject to the 
various provisos contained in the Agency Agreement.

--- Page 206 ---
206
Swap Counterparty  
The Swap Counterparty for a Series of Notes will be Intesa Sanpaolo S.p.A.  With effect from 20 
July 2020, Banca IMI S.p.A. was incorporated into Intesa Sanpaolo S.p.A. with Intesa Sanpaolo 
S.p.A. assuming all of Banca IMI S.p.A’s rights and obligations, including under and with respect 
to the Programme. 
The registered office of Intesa Sanpaolo S.p.A. is located in Piazza San Carlo, 156, 10121 Torino, 
Italy and it is registered in the companies register of Torino under No. 0079960158 representative 
of the VAT group “Intesa Sanpaolo” VAT no. 11991500015 (IT 11991500015) enrolled under the 
Register of Banks no. 5361, head member of the banking group Intesa Sanpaolo enrolled under 
the Register of the Banking Groups. 
Intesa Sanpaolo S.p.A. is rated Baa1 by Moody’s Investors Service España S.A.,, BBB by S&P 
Global Ratings Europe Limited, BBB by Fitch Ratings Ireland Limited and BBB (high) by DBRS 
Rating GmbH.  
For further information on Intesa Sanpaolo S.p.A., please see the section entitled “Information 
Incorporated by Reference” on page 57. 
Interest Calculation Agent 
The Interest Calculation Agent will be specified in the relevant Constituting Instrument for a 
Series of Notes and will be appointed pursuant to the Agency Agreement (which amongst others 
the Issuer, the Trustee and the Interest Calculation Agent will enter into pursuant to such 
Constituting Instrument). 
The Interest Calculation Agent may at any time resign its appointment under the Agency 
Agreement subject to giving to the Issuer, the Principal Paying Agent, the Swap Counterparty and 
the Trustee not less than 60 days’ prior written notice (or such lesser period of notice as the 
Issuer and the Trustee may agree) to that effect and the Issuer may at any time terminate the 
appointment of the Interest Calculation Agent, subject to the Issuer giving to the Interest 
Calculation Agent, the Principal Paying Agent, the Swap Counterparty and the Trustee not less 
than 60 days’ written notice to that effect, subject to the various provisos contained in the Agency 
Agreement.

--- Page 207 ---
207
TAXATION 
DUTCH TAXATION  
This summary below is intended as general information only and does not purport to present any 
comprehensive or complete picture of all aspects of Dutch tax law which could be of relevance to 
the holder of a Note (the “Noteholder”, together referred to as the “Noteholders”). It is limited to 
Dutch tax law as applied by the Dutch courts and published and in effect on the date of this 
Prospectus, and it is subject to any change in law, possibly with retroactive effect. 
The Issuer has been advised that the following Dutch tax treatment will apply to the Notes 
provided that in each and every respect the terms and conditions of each of the documents, the 
performance by the parties thereto of their respective obligations and the exercise of their rights 
thereunder and the transactions contemplated therein, including, without limitation all payments 
made thereunder, are at arm’s length. 
Withholding Tax 
All payments of interest and principal made by the Issuer under the Notes may, except in certain 
very specific cases as described below, be made free of withholding or deduction of, for or on 
account of any taxes of whatever nature imposed, levied, withheld or assessed by the 
Netherlands or any political subdivision or taxing authority thereof or therein, provided that the 
Notes will not be issued under such terms and conditions that the Notes actually function as 
equity of the Issuer within the meaning of section 10 subsection 1 under d of the Dutch Corporate 
Income Tax Act (Wet op de vennootschapsbelasting 1969). 
Dutch withholding tax may apply on certain (deemed) payments of interest due and payable 
made to an affiliated (gelieerde) entity of the Issuer, if such entity (i) is considered to be resident 
(gevestigd) in a jurisdiction that is listed in the yearly updated Dutch Regulation on low-taxing 
states and non-cooperative jurisdictions for tax purposes (Regeling laagbelastende staten en 
niet-coöperatieve rechtsgebieden voor belastingdoeleinden); or (ii) has a permanent 
establishment located in such jurisdiction to which the interest is attributable; or (iii) is entitled to 
the interest payable for the main purpose or one of the main purposes to avoid taxation of 
another person; or (iv) is not considered to be the recipient of the interest in its jurisdiction of 
residence because such jurisdiction treats another (lower-tier) entity as the recipient of the 
interest (a hybrid mismatch); or (v) is not treated as resident anywhere (also a hybrid mismatch), 
or (vi) is a reverse hybrid whereby the jurisdiction of residence of a participant that has a 
qualifying interest (kwalificerend belang) in the reverse hybrid treats the reverse hybrid as tax 
transparent and that participant would have been taxable based on one (or more) of the 
circumstances set out under (i) up to and including (v) above had the interest been due to that 
participant directly, all within the meaning of the Dutch Withholding Tax Act 2021 (Wet 
bronbelasting 2021). Provided that no (deemed) payments of interest due and payable made by 
the Issuer under the Notes to an affiliated entity of the Issuer that meets one (or more) of the 
circumstances as set out under (i) up to and including (vi) above, (deemed) payments of interest 
due and payable made by the Issuer under the Notes shall not become subject to withholding tax 
on the basis of the Dutch Withholding Tax Act 2021 (Wet bronbelasting 2021).  
Taxes on Income and Capital Gains 
A Noteholder who derives income from a Note or who realises a gain from the disposal or 
redemption of a Note will not be subject to Dutch taxation on such income or capital gain, 
provided that:

--- Page 208 ---
208
(i) 
the Noteholder is neither resident nor deemed to be resident of the Netherlands for Dutch 
tax purposes; 
(ii)
the Noteholder does not have an enterprise or deemed enterprise (as defined in Dutch tax 
law) or an interest in an enterprise or deemed enterprise (as defined in Dutch tax law) that 
is, in whole or in part, carried on through a permanent establishment (vaste inrichting) or a 
permanent representative (vaste vertegenwoordiger) in the Netherlands and to which 
enterprise or part of that enterprise, as the case may be, the Notes are attributable;
(iii)
the Noteholder is not entitled to a share in the profits of an enterprise that is effectively 
managed in the Netherlands, other than by way of securities, and to which enterprise the 
Notes are attributable; 
(iv) 
the Noteholder does not have a substantial interest (aanmerkelijk belang) or a deemed 
substantial interest in the Issuer as defined in the Dutch Income Tax Act 2001 (Wet op de 
inkomstenbelasting 2001); and 
(v) 
if the Noteholder is an individual, the Noteholder does not derive benefits from the Notes 
that are taxable as benefits from miscellaneous activities in the Netherlands (resultaat uit 
overige werkzaamheden in Nederland) as defined in the Dutch Income Tax Act 2001, 
which include, but are not limited to, activities in respect of the Notes which are beyond 
the scope of “regular active asset management” (normaal actief vermogensbeheer) or 
benefits which are derived from the holding, whether directly or indirectly, of (a 
combination of) shares, debt claims or other rights which form a “lucrative interest” 
(lucratief belang). A lucrative interest is an interest which the holder thereof has acquired 
under such circumstances that benefits arising from this lucrative interest are intended to 
be a remuneration for work or services performed by such holder (or a person related to 
such holder) in the Netherlands, whether within or outside an employment relationship, 
where such lucrative interest provides the holder thereof, economically, with certain 
benefits that have a relationship to the relevant work or services. 
Under Dutch tax law a Noteholder will not be deemed a resident, domiciled or carrying on a 
business in the Netherlands by reason only of its holding of the Notes or the performance by the 
Issuer of its obligations under the Notes. 
Gift and Inheritance Taxes 
No gift or inheritance taxes will arise in the Netherlands with respect to the acquisition of Notes by 
way of gift by, or on the death of, a Noteholder, unless:  
(A) 
the Noteholder is a resident or deemed to be resident of the Netherlands for the purpose 
of the relevant Dutch tax law provisions; or 
(B) 
in the case of a gift of Notes by an individual who at the date of the gift was neither 
resident nor deemed to be resident in the Netherlands, such individual dies within 180 
days after the date of the gift, while being resident or deemed to be resident of the 
Netherlands. 
For the purpose of Dutch gift and inheritance tax, an individual who has the Dutch nationality will 
be deemed to be a resident of the Netherlands at the date of the gift or the date of his death, if he 
has been a resident of the Netherlands at any time during the 10 years preceding the date of the 
gift or the date of his death.

--- Page 209 ---
209
For the purposes of Dutch gift tax, an individual who does not have the Dutch nationality will be 
deemed to be a resident of the Netherlands at the date of the gift, if he has been a resident of the 
Netherlands at any time during the twelve months preceding the date of the gift. 
Value Added Tax
No Value Added Tax (omzetbelasting) will arise in the Netherlands in respect of any payment in 
consideration for the issue of the Notes or with respect to any payment of principal or interest by 
the Issuer under the Notes. 
Other Taxes and Duties 
No stamp duty, registration tax or any other similar documentary tax or duty, other than court fees, 
will be payable in the Netherlands in respect of or in connection with the Issuer’s Issue or 
performance, or a Noteholder’s transfer, delivery or enforcement, of a Note. 
THE ABOVE SUMMARIES ARE NOT INTENDED TO CONSTITUTE A COMPLETE ANALYSIS 
OF ALL TAX CONSEQUENCES RELATING TO THE OWNERSHIP OF NOTES. 
PROSPECTIVE 
INVESTORS 
SHOULD 
CONSULT 
THEIR 
OWN 
TAX 
ADVISERS 
CONCERNING THE CONSEQUENCES OF THEIR PARTICULAR SITUATION.
LUXEMBOURG TAXATION  
The following summary is of a general nature and is included herein solely for information 
purposes. It is based on the laws presently in force in Luxembourg, though it is not intended to be, 
nor should it be construed to be, legal or tax advice. Prospective investors in the Notes should 
therefore consult their own professional advisers as to the effects of state, local or foreign laws, 
including Luxembourg tax law, to which they may be subject as a result of the purchase, 
ownership and disposition of the Notes. 
Please be aware that the residence concept used under the respective headings below applies 
for Luxembourg income tax assessment purposes only. Any reference in the present section to a 
tax, duty, levy, impost or other charge or withholding of a similar nature refers to Luxembourg tax 
law and/or concepts only. Also, please note that a reference to Luxembourg income tax 
encompasses corporate income tax (impôt sur le revenu des collectivités), municipal business tax 
(impôt commercial communal), an employment fund’s contribution (contribution au fonds pour 
l’emploi) as well as personal income tax (impôt sur le revenu) generally. Investors may further be 
subject to net wealth tax (impôt sur la fortune) as well as other duties, levies or taxes. Corporate 
income tax, municipal business tax as well as the employment fund’s contribution invariably apply 
to most corporate taxpayers, whether they are a resident of Luxembourg for tax purposes or, if 
not, they maintain a permanent establishment or a permanent representative in Luxembourg. 
Individual taxpayers are generally subject to personal income tax and the employment fund’s 
contribution. Under certain circumstances, where an individual taxpayer acts in the course of the 
management of a professional or business undertaking, municipal business tax may apply as well. 
Withholding tax and self-applied tax
Under Luxembourg general tax laws currently in force and subject to the Luxembourg law of 23 
December 2005 introducing a final withholding tax on certain interest from savings, as amended 
(the “RELIBI Law”), there is no withholding tax on payments of principal, premium or fixed or 
floating interest made to holders of Notes, or on accrued but unpaid interest in respect of the 
Notes, nor is any Luxembourg withholding tax payable upon redemption or repurchase of the 
Notes held by such holders of Notes.

--- Page 210 ---
210
(i) 
Non-resident holders of Notes
Under Luxembourg general tax laws currently in force, there is no withholding tax on payments of 
principal, premium or interest made to non-resident Noteholders, nor on accrued but unpaid 
interest in respect of the Notes, nor is any Luxembourg withholding tax payable upon redemption 
or repurchase or exchange of the Notes held by non-resident Noteholders. 
(ii) 
Resident holders of Notes
Under the RELIBI Law, payments of interest or similar income made or ascribed by a paying 
agent established in Luxembourg to or for the immediate benefit of an individual beneficial owner 
who is resident of Luxembourg will be subject to a withholding tax of 20 per cent. (the “20 per 
cent. Withholding Tax”). Responsibility for such withholding tax will be assumed by the 
Luxembourg paying agent. Payments of interest under the Notes coming within the scope of the 
Law would be subject to the 20 per cent. Withholding Tax. 
Pursuant to the RELIBI Law, Luxembourg resident individuals, acting in the course of their private 
wealth, can opt to self-declare and pay a 20 per cent. tax (the “20 per cent. Self-applied Tax”) 
on interest payments made by paying agents located in an EU Member State (other than 
Luxembourg), or a State of the European Economic Area (which is not an EU Member State). 
Income taxation 
(i) 
Non-resident holders of Notes 
Non-resident holders of Notes, not having a permanent establishment, a permanent 
representative, or a fixed place of business in Luxembourg to which the Notes or income 
therefrom are attributable, are not subject to Luxembourg income taxes on income accrued or 
received, redemption premiums or issue discounts, under the Notes nor on capital gains realized 
on the disposal or redemption of the Notes. 
Non-resident holders of Notes acting in the course of the management of a professional or 
business undertaking, who have a permanent establishment or permanent representative in 
Luxembourg to which such Notes are attributable, are subject to Luxembourg income tax on 
interest accrued or received, redemption premiums or issue discounts, under the Notes and on 
any gains realised upon the sale or disposal, in any form whatsoever, of the Notes. 
(ii) 
Resident holders of Notes
Holders of Notes who are residents of Luxembourg will not be liable for any Luxembourg income 
tax on repayment of principal. 
Luxembourg resident companies 
A corporate holder of Notes that is a resident of Luxembourg for tax purposes, must include any 
interest accrued or received, any redemption premium or issue discount, as well as any gain 
realised on the sale or disposal, in any form whatsoever, of the Notes, in its taxable income for 
Luxembourg income tax assessment purposes.  
A Luxembourg Noteholder that is governed (i) by the Luxembourg law of 11 May 2007 on family 
estate companies, as amended; (ii) by the Luxembourg law of 17 December 2010 on 
undertakings for collective investment, as amended; (iii) by the Luxembourg law of 13 February 
2007 on specialised investment funds, as amended; or (iv) it is a Noteholder subject to the law of

--- Page 211 ---
211
23 July 2016 on reserved alternative investment funds not investing in risk capital, will not be 
subject to any Luxembourg income tax in respect of interest received or accrued on the Notes, or 
on gains realised on the sale or disposal, in any form whatsoever, of Notes. 
Luxembourg resident individuals 
The 20 per cent. Withholding Tax or the 20 per cent. Self-applied Tax, if any, represents the final 
tax liability on interest received for the Luxembourg resident individuals receiving the interest 
payment in the course of their private wealth and can be reduced in consideration of foreign 
withholding tax, based on double tax treaties concluded by Luxembourg.  
A gain realised by an individual holder of Notes, acting in the course of the management of 
his/her private wealth, upon the sale or disposal, in any form whatsoever, of Notes is only subject 
to Luxembourg income tax if this sale or disposal precedes the acquisition of the Notes or takes 
place within six months of the acquisition of the Notes. 
However, any portion of such gain corresponding to accrued but unpaid interest income as 
well as any interest, redemption premium or issue discount received under the Notes is 
subject to the 20 per cent. Withholding Tax or the 20 per cent. Self-applied Tax if the 
Luxembourg resident individual holder of the Notes has opted for the 20 per cent. Self-
applied Tax.  
Gains realised by an individual resident holder of Notes acting in the course of the management 
of a professional or business undertaking and who is resident of Luxembourg for tax purposes 
are subject to Luxembourg income tax at the progressive ordinary rate. Also, for individuals 
carrying on a business activity, such gains should be subject to municipal business tax. 
Net wealth tax 
A corporate holder of Notes, whether it is resident of Luxembourg for tax purposes or, if not, it 
maintains a permanent establishment or a permanent representative in Luxembourg to which 
such Notes are attributable, is subject to Luxembourg net wealth tax on such Notes, except if the 
holder of Notes is governed by (i) the Luxembourg law of 11 May 2007 on family estate 
management companies, as amended; (ii) by the Luxembourg law of 17 December 2010 on 
undertakings for collective investment; (iii) by the Luxembourg the law of 13 February 2007 on 
specialised investment funds, as amended (iv) by the Luxembourg law of 22 March 2004 on 
securitisation, as amended; (v) by the Luxembourg law of 15 June 2004 relating to the investment 
company in risk capital, as amended; (vi) or it is a professional pension institution in the form of 
variable capital companies (société d'épargne-pension à capital variable - SEPCAV) or an 
association (association d'épargne-pension - ASSEP) governed by Luxembourg the law of 13 
July 2005 on institutions for occupational retirement provision in the form of pension savings 
companies with variable capital and pension savings associations, as amended; or (vii) it is a 
Noteholder that is subject to the law of 23 July 2016 on reserved alternative investment funds. 
However, further to the Luxembourg law of 18 December 2015 on net wealth tax aspects, as 
amended, (i) securitisation companies governed by the law of 22 March 2004, as amended; (ii) 
risk capital companies governed by the law of 15 June 2004 relating to the investment company 
in risk capital, as amended; (iii) professional pension institution in the form of variable capital 
companies (société d’épargne-pension à capital variable - SEPCAV) or association (association 
d’épargne-pension - ASSEP) governed by the law of 13 July 2005 on institutions for occupational 
retirement provision in the form of pension savings companies with variable capital and pension 
savings associations, as amended; and (iv) reserved alternative investment funds under the form 
of corporations which invest in risk capital, subject to the law of 23 July 2016 on reserved

--- Page 212 ---
212
alternative investment funds, should fall within the scope of the minimum net wealth tax, which 
may vary depending on the total amount and type of assets held. Such minimum net wealth tax 
may either amount to EUR 4,815 or range between EUR 535 and EUR 32,100. 
An individual holder of Notes, whether he/she is resident of Luxembourg or not, is not subject to 
Luxembourg net wealth tax on such Notes. 
Other taxes 
There is no Luxembourg registration tax, capital tax, stamp duty or any other similar tax or duty 
(other than nominal court fees) payable in Luxembourg in respect of or in connection with the 
execution, delivery and enforcement by legal proceedings (including any foreign judgment in the 
courts of Luxembourg) of the Notes or the performance of the Issuer’s obligations under the 
Notes and for the mere use of such documents (usage). 
There is no Luxembourg value added tax payable in respect of payments in consideration for the 
issuance of the Notes or in respect of the payment of interest or principal under the Notes or the 
transfer of the Notes. Luxembourg value added tax may, however, be payable in respect of fees 
charged for certain services rendered to the Issuer, if, for Luxembourg value added tax purposes, 
such services are rendered or are deemed to be rendered in Luxembourg and an exemption from 
Luxembourg value added tax does not apply with respect to such services. 
Where a holder of Notes is a resident of Luxembourg for tax purposes at the time of his/her death, 
the Notes are included in his/her taxable estate for inheritance tax assessment purposes. 
Luxembourg gift tax may be due on a gift or donation of Notes if embodied in a Luxembourg deed 
or registered in Luxembourg. 
THE FOREIGN ACCOUNT TAX COMPLIANCE ACT OF THE UNITED STATES  
Pursuant to certain provisions of the Code, commonly known as FATCA, a “foreign financial 
institution” may be required to withhold on certain payments it makes (“foreign passthru 
payments”) to persons that fail to meet certain certification, reporting, or related requirements. 
The Issuer has registered with the U.S. Internal Revenue Services as a reporting foreign financial 
institution for these purposes. 
A number of jurisdictions (including the Netherlands) have entered into, or have agreed in 
substance to, intergovernmental agreements with the United States to implement FATCA 
(“IGAs”), which modify the way in which FATCA applies in their jurisdictions. Under the provisions 
of IGAs as currently in effect, a foreign financial institution in an IGA jurisdiction would generally 
not be required to withhold under FATCA or an IGA from payments that it makes. Certain aspects 
of the application of the FATCA provisions and IGAs to instruments such as the Notes or 
Alternative Investments, including whether withholding would ever be required pursuant to 
FATCA or an IGA with respect to payments on instruments such as the Notes or Alternative 
Investments, are uncertain and may be subject to change. 
Even if withholding would be required pursuant to FATCA or an IGA with respect to payments on 
instruments such as the Notes or Alternative Investments, such withholding would not apply prior 
to the date that is two years after the date on which final regulations defining “foreign passthru 
payments” are published in the U.S. Federal Register and Notes or Alternative Investments 
characterised as debt (or which are not otherwise characterised as equity and have a fixed term) 
for U.S. federal tax purposes that are issued or entered into on or prior to the date that is six 
months after the date on which final regulations defining “foreign passthru payments” are filed

--- Page 213 ---
213
with the U.S. Federal Register generally would be “grandfathered” for purposes of FATCA 
withholding unless materially modified after such date (including by reason of a substitution of the 
issuer). However, if additional notes (as described under Condition 16 (Further Issues) of the 
Terms and Conditions of the Notes) that are not distinguishable from previously issued Notes are 
issued after the expiration of the grandfathering period and are subject to withholding under 
FATCA, then any Agent may treat all Notes, including the Notes offered prior to the expiration of 
the grandfathering period, as subject to withholding under FATCA. 
Noteholders should consult their own tax advisors regarding how these rules may apply to their 
investment in the Notes or Alternative Investments. In the event any withholding would be 
required pursuant to FATCA or an IGA with respect to payments on the Notes or Alternative 
Investments, no person will be required to pay additional amounts as a result of the withholding. 
U.S. SECTION 871(M) WITHHOLDING 
Section 871(m) of the Code (the “Section 871(m) Regulations”) generally imposes a 30 per cent. 
withholding tax on dividend equivalents paid or deemed paid to a non-United States holder as 
defined pursuant to Section 871(m) Regulations (a “Non-U.S. Holder”), without regard to any 
applicable treaty rate, with respect to certain financial instruments linked to U.S. equities or 
indices that include U.S. equities (such equities and indices, “U.S. Underlying Equities”). The 30 
per cent. withholding tax on dividend equivalents paid or deemed paid to Non-U.S. Holders may 
be reduced by an applicable tax treaty, eligible for credit against other U.S. tax liabilities or 
refunded, provided that the beneficial owner claims a credit or refund from the United States 
Internal Revenue Service (the “IRS”) in a timely manner, but the Issuer makes no assessment as 
to whether any such tax credits will be available to Non-U.S. Holders. 
Section 871(m) Regulations generally apply to Notes that substantially replicate the economic 
performance of one or more U.S. Underlying Equities as determined by the Issuer on the date for 
such Notes as of which the expected delta of the product is determined by the Issuer (such date 
being the “pricing date”), based on tests set out in the applicable Section 871(m) Regulations 
(such Notes are deemed “delta-one” instruments) (the “Specified Instruments”). If one or more 
of the U.S. Underlying Equities are expected to pay dividends during the term of the Specified 
Instrument, withholding generally will still be required even if the Specified Instrument does not 
provide for payments explicitly linked to dividends. 
A Note linked to U.S. Underlying Equities which the Issuer has determined not to be a Specified 
Instrument will not be subject to withholding tax under Section 871(m) Regulations. Moreover, 
Section 871(m) Regulations provide certain exceptions to this withholding regime, in particular for 
Notes linked to certain broad-based indices that meet requirements set forth in the applicable 
regulation pursuant to Section 871(m) Regulations (“Qualified Indices”) as well as securities that 
track such indices (“Qualified Index Securities”). 
The applicable Final Terms or Pricing Supplement, as the case may be, will specify if the Notes 
are Specified Instruments, and, if so, whether the Issuer or any Agent will withhold tax under 
Section 871(m) Regulations and the rate of the withholding tax. If the Notes are determined to be 
Specified Instruments, a Non-U.S. Holder of such Specified Instruments will be subject to a 30 
per cent. withholding tax, without regard to any applicable treaty rate, on dividend equivalents 
paid or deemed paid. Investors are advised that the Issuer’s determination is binding on all Non 
U.S. Holders of the Notes, but it is not binding on the IRS and the IRS may therefore disagree 
with the Issuer’s determination, as the Section 871(m) Regulations require complex calculations 
to be made with respect to Notes linked to U.S. Underlying Equities. If the Issuer or any Agent 
determines that withholding is required, neither the Issuer nor the Agent will be required to gross 
up any amounts withheld in connection with a Specified Instrument.

--- Page 214 ---
214
Prospective investors should consult their tax advisers regarding the potential application of 
Section 871(m) Regulations to an investment in the Notes. 
THE PROPOSED FINANCIAL TRANSACTIONS TAX (“FTT”) 
On 14 February 2013, the European Commission published a proposal COM/2013/71 (the 
“Commission’s Proposal”) for a Directive for a common FTT in Belgium, Germany, Estonia, 
Greece, Spain, France, Italy, Austria, Portugal, Slovenia and Slovakia (the “Participating 
Member States”). However, Estonia has since stated that it will not participate. 
The Commission’s Proposal has very broad scope and could, if introduced in its current form, 
apply to certain dealings in the Notes (including secondary market transactions) in certain 
circumstances. Primary market transactions referred to in Article 5(c) of Regulation (EC) No 
1287/2006, such as the issuance and the subscription of the Notes, are expected to be 
exempt. 
Under the Commission’s Proposal the FTT could apply in certain circumstances to persons 
both within and outside of the Participating Member States. Generally, it would apply to 
certain dealings in the Notes where at least one party is a financial institution, and at least 
one party is established in a Participating Member State. A financial institution may be, or be 
deemed to be, “established” in a Participating Member State in a broad range of 
circumstances, including (a) by transacting with a person established in a Participating 
Member State or (b) where the financial instrument which is subject to the dealings is issued 
in a Participating Member State. 
However, the FTT proposal remains subject to negotiation between the Participating Member 
States. It may therefore be altered prior to any implementation, the timing of which remains 
unclear. Additional EU Member States may decide to participate. The European Commission 
indicated in their Communication on Business Taxation for the 21st century dated 18 May 
2021 that it still considers introducing an FTT. 
Prospective holders of the Notes are advised to seek their own professional advice in relation 
to the FTT.

--- Page 215 ---
215
SUBSCRIPTION AND SALE 
The Issuer will enter into a Placing Agreement with the Arranger in respect of each issue of Notes 
or making of Alternative Investments, pursuant to which the Arranger will agree, among other 
things, to purchase or to procure purchasers for such Notes or parties to such Alternative 
Investments. 
United States  
The Notes have not been and will not be registered under the Securities Act or any state 
securities laws. Consequently, the Notes may not be offered, sold, or otherwise transferred within 
the United States or to, or for the account or benefit of, any U.S. Person (as defined in Regulation 
S under the Securities Act), U.S. persons (as defined in the final risk retention rules promulgated 
under Section 15G of the Exchange Act) or to persons who are not Non-United States Persons 
(as defined in CFTC Rule 4.7 of the United States Commodity Futures Trading Commission) 
except as set forth in the relevant Final Terms or Pricing Supplement, as the case may be. The 
Issuer has not been and will not be registered under the 1940 Act. 
Bearer Notes will be subject to U.S. tax law requirements and may not be offered, sold or 
delivered within the United States or to or for the account of a U.S. person except in certain 
transactions permitted by U.S. tax regulations. Terms used in this paragraph have the meanings 
given to them in the Code. 
Additionally, Notes of a non-U.S. Series or a non-U.S. Tranche may not be offered, sold, 
delivered or transferred within the United States or to or for the account or benefit of U.S. Persons
or to persons who are not Non-United States Persons (as defined in CFTC Rule 4.7 of the United 
States Commodity Futures Trading Commission) under any circumstances. Persons considering
the purchase of Notes should consult their own legal advisers concerning the application 
of U.S. securities laws to their particular situations as well as any consequences of the 
purchase, ownership and disposition of Notes arising under the laws of any other relevant 
jurisdictions. 
In addition, until 40 days after the commencement of the offering of any Series or Tranche of 
Notes, an offer or sale of Notes within the United States by any dealer (whether or not 
participating in the offering of such Notes) may violate the registration requirements of the 
Securities Act if not made in accordance with the provisions hereof. 
In the case of Notes placed under Rule 144A, so long as any of such Notes are “restricted 
securities” within the meaning of Rule 144(a)(3) under the Securities Act, the Issuer will, unless it 
becomes subject to and complies with Section 13 or 15(d) of the Exchange Act or becomes 
exempt from such reporting requirements pursuant to, and complies with, Rule 12g3-2(b) under 
the Exchange Act, provide to each holder of such restricted securities and to each prospective 
purchaser (as designated by such holder) of such restricted securities, upon the request of such 
holder or prospective purchaser, any information required to be provided by Rule 144A(d)(4) 
under the Securities Act. 
U.S. Transfer Restrictions in the Event that the Alternative Procedures Apply 
Beneficial interests in the Global Registered Certificate representing any Notes of a U.S. Series 
or U.S. Tranche to which the Alternative Procedures apply are being initially offered and sold by 
the Arranger only to persons that are not U.S. Persons outside the United States in reliance on 
Regulation S under the Securities Act and to persons reasonably believed by the Arranger to be 
QIBs under Rule 144A under the Securities Act that are also QPs under the 1940 Act, in each

--- Page 216 ---
216
case, in a transaction exempt from, or not subject to, the registration requirements of the 
Securities Act. Offers, sales and resales of such Notes, other than to persons that are not U.S. 
Persons acquiring such Notes in offshore transactions in compliance with Regulation S, may only 
be made in the applicable minimum denomination specified in the applicable Final Terms or 
Pricing Supplement, as the case may be, to QIBs that are also QPs. 
Unless otherwise specified in the related Constituting Instrument, each purchaser of Notes of a 
U.S. Series or U.S. Tranche to which the Alternative Procedures apply, both in the initial offering 
of such Notes and thereafter in secondary market transactions, will be deemed to have 
acknowledged, represented and agreed with the Issuer and the Arranger and each Dealer as 
follows (terms used in this paragraph that are defined in Rule 144A or Regulation S are used 
herein as defined therein): 
1. 
Either (a) such person is not a U.S. Person and is acquiring this security in an offshore 
transaction in compliance with Regulation S under the Securities Act; or (b) such person 
(i) is a QIB who is also a QP (a “QIB/QP”); (ii) is not a broker-dealer which owns or 
invests on a discretionary basis less than $25 million in securities of unaffiliated issuers; 
(iii) is not a participant-directed employee plan, such as a 401(k) plan; (iv) is acting solely 
for its own account and/or for the accounts of one or more other persons each of which it 
reasonably believes satisfies the requirements of clause (a) or items (i) through (vi) of this 
clause (b); (v) was not formed for the purpose of investing in the Issuer; (vi) will, and each 
account for which it is purchasing will, hold and transfer Notes in the applicable minimum 
denomination; and (vii) will provide notice of the transfer restrictions set forth herein to 
any subsequent transferees. 
2. 
Such person understands that the Issuer has not been and will not be registered under 
the 1940 Act and the Notes have not been and will not be registered under the Securities 
Act, and unless such person is not a U.S. Person and is acquiring the Notes in an 
offshore transaction in compliance with Regulation S under the Securities Act, such 
person acknowledges that the sale to it may be made in reliance on Rule 144A. 
3. 
If such person is being sold the Notes in reliance on Rule 144A, for so long as the Notes 
are outstanding, such person will not offer, resell, pledge or otherwise transfer the Notes 
other than (a) to a person that is not a U.S. Person in an offshore transaction in 
compliance with Regulation S under the Securities Act; or (b) to a person that it 
reasonably believes satisfies each of the items set forth in clause (b) of paragraph (1) 
(such a person, a “Qualifying QIB/QP”) in a transaction meeting the requirements of 
Rule 144A. 
4. 
The Conditions permit the Issuer to (a) require any holder of Notes represented by a 
Global Registered Certificate that is a U.S. Person who is determined not to be a 
Qualifying QIB/QP to sell the Notes in a transaction complying with paragraph (3) above; 
or (b) redeem any Notes represented by a Global Registered Certificate that are held by a 
U.S. Person who is determined not to be a Qualifying QIB/QP at par plus accrued interest 
to the payment date. In addition, the Issuer has the right to refuse to register or otherwise 
honour a transfer of Notes to a proposed transferee that is a U.S. Person who is not a 
Qualifying QIB/QP. 
5. 
Such person understands that the Global Registered Certificate will bear a legend with 
respect to, among other things, such transfer restrictions and the powers of the Issuer 
described in paragraph (4) above.

--- Page 217 ---
217
6. 
Such person is not, and for so long as it holds any Notes will not be, an employee benefit 
plan subject to the fiduciary responsibility provisions of ERISA, a plan subject to Section 
4975 of the Code, a person or entity whose assets include the assets of any such 
employee benefit plan or plan by reason of 29 C.F.R. Section 2510.3-101 or otherwise, or 
any other employee benefit plan without regard to the federal, state, local or foreign law 
pursuant to which the plan is organised or administered, and such person is not using the 
assets of any such plan to acquire the Notes. 
It acknowledges that the Issuer, the Arranger, each Dealer and others will rely upon the truth and 
accuracy of the foregoing acknowledgements, representations and agreements and agrees that, 
if any of the acknowledgements, representations and agreements deemed to have been made by 
its purchase of Notes are no longer accurate, it shall promptly notify the Issuer and the Arranger.  
If it is acquiring any Notes as a fiduciary or agent for one or more investor accounts, it represents 
that it has sole investment discretion with respect to each such account and that it has full power 
to make the foregoing acknowledgements, representations and agreements on behalf of each 
such account. 
In addition, the Arranger and each Dealer will represent in the relevant Placing Agreement that (a) 
it is a QIB/QP; and (b) within the United States, it has only sold and will only sell to U.S. Persons 
(including any other underwriter, manager or dealer) that are or that it reasonably believes are 
Qualifying QIB/QPs. The Issuer will represent in the relevant Placing Agreement that, based on 
discussions with the Arranger and other factors the Issuer or its counsel may deem necessary or 
appropriate, the Issuer has a reasonable belief that initial sales and subsequent transfers of the 
Notes held through DTC to U.S. Persons will be limited to Qualifying QIB/QPs. 
European Economic Area
In relation to each Member State of the European Economic Area, the Arranger and each Dealer 
appointed pursuant to the Placing Agreement in respect of a Series of Notes or Alternative 
Investments will be required to represent and agree that, with effect from and including the date 
of this Programme Prospectus (“Relevant Effective Date”), it has not made and will not make an 
offer of Notes or Alternative Investments to the public in that relevant Member State except that it 
may, with effect from and including the Relevant Effective Date, make an offer of Notes or 
Alternative Investments to the public in such Member State: 
(a) 
at any time to any legal entity which is a qualified investor as defined in the Prospectus 
Regulation;  
(b) 
at any time to fewer than 150 natural or legal persons per Member State (other than 
qualified investors as defined in the Prospectus Regulation) subject to obtaining the prior 
consent of the relevant Arranger or Dealers nominated by the Issuer for any such offer;  
(c) 
at any time if the denomination per Note or Alternative Investment being offered amounts 
to at least EUR 100,000 (or equivalent); and/or 
(d) 
at any time in any other circumstances falling within Article 1(4) of the Prospectus 
Regulation (as may be locally implemented), 
provided that no such offer of Notes or Alternative Investments referred to in (a) to (d) above 
shall require the publication by the Issuer, the Arranger or any Dealer of a prospectus pursuant to 
Article 3 of the Prospectus Regulation or supplemental prospectus pursuant to Article 23 of the 
Prospectus Regulation.

--- Page 218 ---
218
For the purposes of this provision, the expression an “offer of Notes or Alternative Investments 
to the public” in relation to any Notes or Alternative Investments in any Member State means the 
communication in any form and by any means of sufficient information on the terms of the offer 
and the Notes or Alternative Investments to be offered so as to enable an investor to decide to 
purchase or subscribe the Notes or Alternative Investments, as the same may be varied in that 
Member State by any measure implementing the Prospectus Regulation in that Member State 
and the expression “Prospectus Regulation” means Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 of the 
European Parliament and of the Counsel of 14 June 2017 (and amendments thereto).  
The Netherlands  
The Dutch Financial Supervision Act
The Notes (including rights representing an interest in any Global Note) or Alternative 
Investments issued by Dunia Capital B.V. will be issued with the following selling restriction: 
THIS [NOTE/ALTERNATIVE INVESTMENT] (OR ANY INTEREST HEREIN) MAY NOT, 
DIRECTLY OR INDIRECTLY, BE OR ANNOUNCED TO BE, OFFERED, SOLD, RESOLD, 
DELIVERED OR TRANSFERRED AS PART OF ITS INITIAL DISTRIBUTION OR AT ANY TIME 
THEREAFTER TO OR TO THE ORDER OF OR FOR THE ACCOUNT OF ANYONE 
ANYWHERE IN THE NETHERLANDS OTHER THAN PERSONS WHO (1) DO NOT FORM 
PART OF THE “PUBLIC”, AS THAT TERM IS INTERPRETED BY THE APPLICABLE 
REGULATOR PURSUANT TO REGULATION (EU) NO 575/2013 OF THE EUROPEAN 
PARLIAMENT AND OF THE COUNCIL OF 26 JUNE 2013 ON PRUDENTIAL REQUIREMENTS 
FOR CREDIT INSTITUTIONS AND INVESTMENTS FIRMS AND AMENDING REGULATION 
(EU) NO 648/2012; AND (2) QUALIFY AS QUALIFIED INVESTORS AS DEFINED IN THE 
PROSPECTUS REGULATION. 
EACH HOLDER OF THIS [NOTE/ALTERNATIVE INVESTMENT] (OR ANY INTEREST HEREIN), 
BY PURCHASING THIS NOTE (OR ANY INTEREST HEREIN), WILL BE DEEMED TO HAVE 
REPRESENTED AND AGREED FOR THE BENEFIT OF THE ISSUER THAT (1) IT IS ACTING 
FOR ITS OWN ACCOUNT OR THE ACCOUNT OF A PERSON WHO DOES NOT FORM PART 
OF THE “PUBLIC” AS THAT TERM IS INTERPRETED BY THE APPLICABLE REGULATOR 
PURSUANT TO REGULATION (EU) NO 575/2013 OF THE EUROPEAN PARLIAMENT AND OF 
THE COUNCIL OF 26 JUNE 2013 ON PRUDENTIAL REQUIREMENTS FOR CREDIT 
INSTITUTIONS AND INVESTMENTS FIRMS AND AMENDING REGULATION (EU) NO 
648/2012 AND QUALIFY AS QUALIFIED INVESTORS AS DEFINED IN THE PROSPECTUS 
REGULATION; (2) THIS [NOTE/ALTERNATIVE INVESTMENT] (OR ANY INTEREST HEREIN) 
MAY NOT BE OR ANNOUNCED TO BE OFFERED, SOLD, RESOLD, DELIVERED OR 
TRANSFERRED TO OTHERS THAN TO ANY PERSONS IN THE NETHERLANDS WHO DO 
NOT FORM PART OF THE PUBLIC, AS THAT TERM IS INTERPRETED BY THE APPLICABLE 
REGULATOR PURSUANT TO REGULATION (EU) NO 575/2013 OF THE EUROPEAN 
PARLIAMENT AND OF THE COUNCIL OF 26 JUNE 2013 ON PRUDENTIAL REQUIREMENTS 
FOR CREDIT INSTITUTIONS AND INVESTMENTS FIRMS AND AMENDING REGULATAION 
(EU) NO 648/2012; (3) QUALIFY AS QUALIFIED INVESTORS AS DEFINED IN THE 
PROSPECTUS REGULATION; AND (4) THE HOLDER WILL PROVIDE NOTICE OF THE 
TRANSFER RESTRICTIONS DESCRIBED HEREIN TO ANY SUBSEQUENT TRANSFEREE. 
Non PD-Notes
Any Notes (including rights representing an interest in any Global Note) or Alternative Investment 
issued under the Programme which have a maturity of less than twelve (12) months and qualify 
as money market instruments pursuant to article 5:1a of the FSA (“Non PD-Notes”) shall only be 
offered in accordance with the Dutch Financial Supervision Act (Wet op het financieel toezicht).

--- Page 219 ---
219
Dutch Savings Certificates Act
In addition and without prejudice to the relevant restrictions set out above, Notes that are in 
bearer form and that constitute a claim for a fixed sum against the Issuer and on which interest 
does not become due during their tenor or on which no interest is due whatsoever (“Zero 
Coupon Notes”) in definitive form may only be transferred and accepted, directly or indirectly, 
within, from or into the Netherlands through the mediation of either the Issuer or an admitted 
institution (toegelaten instelling) of Euronext Amsterdam N.V., admitted in a function on one or 
more markets or systems held or operated by Euronext Amsterdam N.V., in accordance with the 
Savings Certificates Act (Wet inzake spaarbewijzen) as amended from time to time. No such 
mediation is required in respect of: 
(A) 
the transfer and acceptance of Zero Coupon Notes whilst in the form of rights 
representing an interest in a Zero Coupon Instrument in global form; 
(B) 
the initial issue of Zero Coupon Notes in definitive form to the first holders thereof; 
(C) 
the transfer and acceptance of Zero Coupon Notes in definitive form between individuals 
not acting in the conduct of a business or profession; or 
(D) 
the transfer and acceptance of such Zero Coupon Notes within, from or into the 
Netherlands if all Zero Coupon Notes (either in definitive form or as rights representing an 
interest in a Zero Coupon Instrument in global form) of any particular Series are issued 
outside the Netherlands and are not distributed into the Netherlands in the course of initial 
distribution or immediately thereafter. 
In the event that the Savings Certificates Act applies, certain identification requirements in 
relation to the issue and transfer of, and payments on, Zero Coupon Notes have to be complied 
with and, in addition thereto, if such Zero Coupon Notes in definitive form do not qualify as 
commercial paper traded between professional borrowers and lenders within the meaning of the 
agreement of 2 March 1987 attached to the Royal Decree of 11 March 1987 as published in the 
Official Gazette 1987, 129, as amended from time to time, each transfer and acceptance should 
be recorded in a transaction note, including the name and address of each party to the 
transaction, the nature of the transaction and the details and serial numbers of such Notes. 
Republic of Italy 
The offering of the Notes or Alternative Investments has not been registered pursuant to Italian 
securities legislation and, accordingly, no Notes or Alternative Investments may be offered, sold 
or delivered, nor may copies of this Programme Prospectus, any Final Terms or Pricing 
Supplement, as the case may be, or any other document relating to the Notes or Alternative 
Investments be distributed in the Republic of Italy, except: 
(a) 
to qualified investors (investitori qualificati) (“Qualified Investors”) as defined pursuant to 
Article 100, paragraph 1(a), of Legislative Decree No. 58, 24 February 1998 (the 
“Financial Services Act”) as amended and restated from time to time; or 
(b) 
in circumstances which are exempted from the rules on offers of securities to be made to 
the public pursuant to Article 100 of the Financial Services Act and Article 1(4) of the 
Prospectus Regulation.  
Any offer, sale or delivery of the Notes or Alternative Investments in the Republic of Italy or 
distribution of copies of this Programme Prospectus, any Final Terms or Pricing Supplement, as 
the case may be, or any other document relating to the Notes or Alternative Investments in the

--- Page 220 ---
220
Republic of Italy under (a) and (b) above must be: 
(i) 
made by an investment firm, bank or financial intermediary permitted to conduct such 
activities in the Republic of Italy in accordance with the Financial Services Act, CONSOB 
Regulation No. 20307 of 15 February 2018 and Legislative Decree No. 385 of 1 
September 1993, as amended; and 
(ii) 
in compliance with any other applicable laws and regulations. 
Please note that, in accordance with Article 100-bis of the Financial Services Act, where no 
exemption under (b) above applies, the subsequent distribution of the Notes or Alternative 
Investments on the secondary market in Italy must be made in compliance with the rules on offers 
of securities to be made to the public provided under the Financial Services Act and the 
Regulation 11971/1999. Failure to comply with such rules may result, inter alia, in the sale of 
such Notes or Alternative Investments being declared null and void and in the liability of the 
intermediary transferring the Notes or Alternative Investments for any damages suffered by the 
investors. 
United Kingdom 
Unless otherwise provided in the relevant Placing Agreement, the Arranger and each Dealer will 
in each Placing Agreement to which it is party agree in relation to the Notes or Alternative 
Investments to be purchased or entered into thereunder that:  
(a) 
it has only communicated or caused to communicated, and it will only communicate or 
cause to be communicated, any invitation or inducement to engage in investment activity 
(within the meaning of section 21 of the FSMA) received by it in connection with the issue 
or sale of any Notes or the making of any Alternative Investments in circumstances in 
which section 21(1) of the FSMA does not apply to the Issuer; 
(b) 
in relation to any Notes or Alternative Investments which have a maturity of less than one 
year from the date of their issue, (a) it is a person whose ordinary activities involve it in 
acquiring, holding, managing or disposing of investments (as principal or agent) for the 
purposes of its business and (b) it has not offered or sold and will not offer or sell any 
Notes or Alternative Investments other than to persons whose ordinary activities involve 
them in acquiring, holding, managing or disposing of investments (as principal or agent) 
for the purposes of their businesses or who it is reasonable to expect will acquire, hold, 
manage or dispose of investments (as principal or agent) for the purposes of their 
businesses where the issue of the Notes or the making of the Alternative Investments 
would otherwise constitute a contravention of section 19 of the FSMA by the Issuer; and 
(c) 
it has complied and will comply with all applicable provisions of the FSMA (and all rules 
and regulations made pursuant to the FSMA) with respect to anything done by it in relation 
to the Notes or Alternative Investments in, from or otherwise involving the UK. 
Prohibition of Sales to United Kingdom Retail Investors 
Each Dealer will in each Placing Agreement to which it is party represent and agree in relation to 
the Notes or Alternative Investments to be purchased or entered into thereunder, and each 
further Dealer appointed under the Placing Agreement will be required to represent and agree, 
that it has not offered, sold or otherwise made available and will not offer, sell or otherwise make 
available any Notes which are the subject of the offering contemplated by the Programme

--- Page 221 ---
221
Prospectus as completed by the Final Terms (or Pricing Supplement, as the case may be) in 
relation thereto to any retail investor in the United Kingdom. For the purposes of this provision: 
(a) 
the expression retail investor means a person who is one (or more) of the following: 
(i) 
a retail client, as defined in point (8) of Article 2 of Regulation (EU) No 
2017/565 as it forms part of domestic law by virtue of the European Union 
(Withdrawal) Act 2018 (as amended) (“EUWA”); or 
(ii) 
a customer within the meaning of the provisions of the FSMA and any rules 
or regulations made under the FSMA to implement the Insurance 
Distribution Directive, where that customer would not qualify as a 
professional client, as defined in point (8) of Article 2(1) of Regulation (EU) 
No 600/2014 as it forms part of domestic law by virtue of the EUWA; or 
(iii) 
not a qualified investor as defined in Article 2 of Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 
as it forms part of domestic law by virtue of the EUWA; and 
(b) 
the expression an offer includes the communication in any form and by any 
means of sufficient information on the terms of the offer and the Notes to be 
offered so as to enable an investor to decide to purchase or subscribe for the 
Notes. 
Consequently, no key information document required by Regulation (EU) No 1286/2014 as it 
forms part of domestic law by virtue of the EUWA (the “UK PRIIPs Regulation”) for offering or 
selling the Notes or otherwise making them available to retail investors in the UK has been 
prepared and therefore offering or selling the Notes or otherwise making them available to any 
retail investor in the UK may be unlawful under the UK PRIIPs Regulation. 
General 
These selling restrictions may be modified by the agreement of the Issuer and the Arranger 
following a change in a relevant law, regulation or directive. Any such modification and any other 
or additional restrictions which may be agreed between the Issuer and the Arranger in respect of 
a Series will be set out in the Constituting Instrument or in a Programme Prospectus Supplement 
supplemental to this Programme Prospectus.  
This Programme Prospectus have been prepared for use in connection with the offer and sale of 
the Notes and the making of Alternative Investments outside the United States to and with 
persons that are not U.S. persons and for the private placement of the Notes and the making of 
Alternative Investments in the United States and for the listing and admission of the Notes or 
Alternative Investments on the regulated market of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange. The Issuer 
and the Arranger reserve the right to reject any offer to purchase, in whole or in part, for any 
reason, or to sell less than the principal amount of Notes or Alternative Investments which may be 
offered pursuant to Rule 144A. 
No action has been or will be taken in any jurisdiction that would permit a public offering of any of 
the Notes or Alternative Investments, or possession or distribution of this Programme Prospectus 
or any part thereof or any other offering material or any Pricing Supplement, in any country or 
jurisdiction where action for that purpose is required. 
Unless otherwise provided in the relevant Placing Agreement, the Arranger will in each Placing 
Agreement to which it is party agree that it will, to the best of its knowledge, comply with all

--- Page 222 ---
222
relevant laws, regulations and directives in each jurisdiction in which it purchases, offers, sells or 
delivers Notes or Alternative Investments or has in its possession or distributes this Programme 
Prospectus or any part thereof, any other offering material or any Pricing Supplement in all cases 
at its own expense unless otherwise agreed and neither the Issuer nor any other Arranger shall 
have responsibility therefor.

--- Page 223 ---
223
GENERAL INFORMATION  
(1) 
The Issuer has obtained all necessary consents, approvals and authorisations (if any) 
which are necessary in the Netherlands at the date of this Programme Prospectus in 
connection with the establishment of the Programme. The establishment of the 
Programme and the issue of this Programme Prospectus were authorised by resolutions 
of the managing director and the shareholder of the Issuer passed on 10 February 2015.  
(2) 
There has been no significant change in the financial or trading position of the Issuer, and 
no material adverse change in the financial position or prospects of the Issuer, in each 
case since 31 December 2021.   
(3) 
In the 12 months preceding the approval of this Programme Prospectus, the Issuer has 
not been involved in any governmental, litigation or arbitration proceedings which may 
have, or has had a significant effect on its financial position or profitability, nor is the Issuer 
aware that such proceedings are pending or threatened.  
(4) 
Each Bearer Note, Receipt, Coupon and Talon will bear the following legend: “Any United 
States person who holds this obligation will be subject to limitations under the United 
States income tax laws, including the limitations provided in Sections 165(j) and 1287(a) 
of the U. S. Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended”. 
(5) 
Notes may be accepted for clearance through the Euroclear and Clearstream, 
Luxembourg systems. The Common Code, International Securities Identification Number 
(ISIN), the Financial Instruments Short Name (FISN), the Classification of Financial 
Instruments Code (CFI) CUSIP and CINS numbers and PORTAL symbol (if any) for each 
Series of Notes will be set out in the relevant Final Terms or Pricing Supplement, as the 
case may be. 
(6) 
From the date of this Programme Prospectus and for so long as the Programme remains 
in effect or any Notes or Alternative Investments issued by or entered into by the Issuer 
remain outstanding, the following documents (a) will be available, during usual business 
hours on any day (Saturdays, Sundays and public holidays excepted) for inspection at the 
registered office of each of the Issuer, the Trustee and the specified offices of the Principal 
Paying Agent, the Paying Agent in Luxembourg and the Luxembourg Listing Agent (and 
copies of the documents specified in sub-paragraphs (iii) and (iv) below may be obtained 
free of charge from the specified office of the Paying Agent in Luxembourg) or (b) 
alternatively at the option of the Trustee, the Principal Paying Agent, the Paying Agent in 
Luxembourg and/or the Luxembourg Listing Agent, may be provided by email to a 
Noteholder or (c) may be provided by email to a Noteholder following prior written request 
to the Issuer, the Trustee, the Principal Paying Agent, the Paying Agent in Luxembourg 
and the Luxembourg Listing Agent, and such Noteholder must produce evidence 
satisfactory to the Issuer, the Trustee or the relevant Agent, as the case may be, as to its 
holding of such Notes and identity. In addition, copies of the documents specified in sub-
paragraphs (i) to (vi) below may be inspected on the website of the Issuer 
(www.duniacapital.nl.) and copies of the documents specified in sub-paragraphs (ii) and 
(vi) will be available on the website of the Issuer for a period of 10 years from the date of 
this Programme Prospectus: 
(i) 
the Memorandum and up to date Articles of Association of the Issuer; 
(ii) 
this Programme Prospectus;

--- Page 224 ---
224
(iii) 
the Final terms or Pricing Supplement, as the case may be, relating to each Series 
of Notes issued and outstanding under the Programme; 
(iv) 
the Constituting Instrument relating to each Series of Notes or Alternative 
Investments and each document included by reference into such Constituting 
Instrument; 
(v) 
the Administration Agreement and the Series Proposal Agreement; 
(vi) 
the audited financial statements of the Issuer for the years ended 31 December 
2021 and 31 December 2020, together with the relevant auditors’ report; 
(vii) 
any reports, letters, and other documents, historical financial information, 
valuations and statements prepared by any expert, any part of which is included or 
referred to in this Programme Prospectus, at the Issuer’s request; and 
(viii) 
such other documents (if any) as may be required by any stock exchange on which 
any Notes or Alternative Investments are at the relevant time listed. 
(7) 
The Programme Prospectus and the Final Terms or Pricing Supplement, as the case may 
be, shall be published on the Luxembourg Stock Exchange website (www.bourse.lu). 
(8) 
The Issuer is a company incorporated under the laws of the Netherlands. No director of 
the Issuer is a resident of the United States and all or a substantial portion of the assets of 
the Issuer are located outside the United States. As a result, It may not be possible for 
investors to effect service of process within the United States upon the Issuer or to 
enforce against the Issuer in the Dutch courts judgements obtained in the United States 
courts predicated upon the civil liability provisions of the federal securities laws of the 
United States. 
(9) 
So long as any of the Notes or (if applicable) Alternative Investments are “restricted 
securities” within the meaning of Rule 144(a)(3) under the Securities Act, the Issuer will, 
unless it becomes subject to and complies with the reporting requirements of Section 13 
or 15(d) of the Exchange Act or the information furnishing requirements of Rule 12g3-2(b) 
thereunder, provide to any holder or beneficial owner of Notes or Alternative Investments 
that are restricted securities, or to any prospective purchaser of Notes or Alternative 
Investments that are restricted securities designated by a holder or beneficial owner, upon 
the request of such holder, beneficial owner or prospective purchaser, the information 
required to be provided by Rule 144A(d)(4) under the Securities Act. 
(10) 
The Issuer does not intend to provide any post-issuance transaction information in relation 
to the Notes to be admitted to trading and the performance of the Charged Assets, except 
if required by any applicable laws and regulations. 
(11) 
In compliance with Article 10(1) of Commission Delegated Regulation (EU) 2019/979, the 
Issuer notes that any information set out in any website to which a hyperlink is provided in 
this Base Prospectus does not form part of this Base Prospectus and has not been 
scrutinised or approved by the CSSF or any other competent authority in any jurisdiction. 
This, however, does not apply to hyperlinks provided for any document listed in the 
“Information Incorporated by Reference” section of this Base Prospectus.

--- Page 225 ---
225
100570193 
REGISTERED OFFICE OF THE ISSUER 
Basisweg 10 
1043 AP Amsterdam 
The Netherlands 
ARRANGER 
Intesa Sanpaolo S.p.A. 
Divisione IMI Corporate & Investment Banking 
Via Manzoni 4 
20121 Milan 
Italy 
TRUSTEE 
BNY Mellon Corporate Trustee Services Limited 
160 Queen Victoria Street 
London EC4V 4LA 
ISSUE AGENT, PRINCIPAL PAYING AGENT 
AND CUSTODIAN 
The Bank of New York Mellon, London 
Branch 
160 Queen Victoria Street 
London EC4V 4LA 
SWAP COUNTERPARTY AND  
REALISATION AGENT 
Intesa Sanpaolo S.p.A. 
Divisione IMI Corporate & Investment Banking 
Via Manzoni 4 
20121 Milan 
Italy
LEGAL ADVISERS 
To the Arranger as to English 
law 
Studio Legale Associato in 
association with Simmons 
& Simmons LLP 
Corso Vittorio Emanuele II, 1 
20122 Milan 
Italy 
To the Trustee as to 
English law 
Simmons & Simmons 
LLP 
CityPoint 
One Ropemaker Street 
London EC2Y 9SS 
United Kingdom
To the Arranger as to Dutch law 
Simmons & Simmons LLP 
Claude Debussylaan 247 
1082 MC Amsterdam 
The Netherlands
LUXEMBOURG LISTING AGENT AND 
LUXEMBOURG PAYING AGENT 
for Notes or Alternative Investments listed 
on the Luxembourg Stock Exchange 
REGISTRAR AND TRANSFER AGENT
The Bank of New York Mellon SA/NV, 
Luxembourg Branch 
Vertigo Building - Polaris 
2-4 rue Eugène Ruppert 
L-2453 Luxembourg
The Bank of New York Mellon SA/NV, 
Luxembourg Branch 
Vertigo Building - Polaris 
2-4 rue Eugène Ruppert 
L-2453 Luxembourg