--- Page 1 ---
1 
 
Dŵr Cymru (Financing) UK Plc 
(incorporated with limited liability in England and Wales with registered number 11949988) 
(Legal Entity Identifier: 213800GDOFO2ED5PNC85) 
Multicurrency programme for the issuance of up to  
£4,000,000,000 Asset-Backed Bonds  
and up to 
£4,000,000,000 Guaranteed Asset-Backed Bonds 
financing 
Dŵr Cymru Cyfyngedig 
(incorporated in England and Wales with limited liability with registered number 2366777) 
 
On 4 May 2001, Dŵr Cymru (Financing) Limited (“DCFL”) entered into a £3,000,000,000 multicurrency asset-backed bond programme (the “Programme”). Pursuant to a 
reorganisation in 2019, DCFL was substituted with Dŵr Cymru (Financing) UK Plc (the “Issuer” or “DCF”) as the issuer of all Bonds previously issued by DCFL and 
accordingly DCF has succeeded DCFL as the Issuer under the Programme. On 11 November 2019, the Issuer increased the programme limit to £4,000,000,000 as part of the 
annual update of the Programme. 
Any Bonds (as defined below) issued under the Programme on or after the date of this prospectus (the “Prospectus”) are issued subject to the provisions described herein. This 
Prospectus does not affect any Bonds issued before the date of this Prospectus. 
Under the Programme, the Issuer may, subject to all applicable legal and regulatory requirements, from time to time issue bonds, (the “Bonds”) (other than Class A Bonds (as 
defined below)) in bearer and/or registered form (respectively “Bearer Bonds” and “Registered Bonds”). Copies of each Final Terms (as defined below) will be available (in 
the case of all Bonds) from the specified office set out below of Deutsche Trustee Company Limited as trustee (the “Bond Trustee”), (in the case of Bearer Bonds) from the 
specified office set out below of each of the Paying Agents (as defined below) and (in the case of Registered Bonds) from the specified office set out below of each of the 
Registrar and the Transfer Agents (each as defined below). 
Application has been made to the Commission de Surveillance du Secteur Financier (the “CSSF”) in its capacity as competent authority under Article 6(1) of the Luxembourg 
Act dated 16 July 2019 relating to prospectuses for securities, for the approval of this Prospectus as a base prospectus for the purposes of Article 8 of Regulation (EU) 
2017/1129 of 14 June 2017 on the prospectus to be published when securities are offered to the public or admitted to trading on a regulated market, as amended (the “EU 
Prospectus Regulation”). No approval has been made by the CSSF for Class A Bonds (as defined below) pursuant to this Prospectus, and the CSSF has neither reviewed nor 
approved any information in relation to the Class A Bonds (as defined below) pursuant to this Prospectus. Application has also been made for the Bonds issued under the 
Programme for the period of 12 months from the date of this Prospectus to be admitted to the official list of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange (the “Official List”) and to be 
admitted to trading on the Luxembourg Stock Exchange’s regulated market (the “Luxembourg Stock Exchange Regulated Market”). References in this Prospectus to the 
Bonds being “listed” (and all related references) shall mean that such Bonds have been admitted to the Official List and admitted to trading on the Luxembourg Stock 
Exchange Regulated Market. The Luxembourg Stock Exchange Regulated Market is a regulated market for the purposes of Directive 2014/65/EU of the European Parliament 
and of the Council on markets in financial instruments ("MiFID II"). 
This Prospectus has been approved by the CSSF, as competent authority under the EU Prospectus Regulation. The CSSF only approves this Prospectus as meeting standards of 
completeness, comprehensibility and consistency imposed by the EU Prospectus Regulation. Such approval should not be considered as an endorsement of either the Issuer or 
the quality of the Bonds that are the subject of this Prospectus and investors should make their own assessment as to the suitability of investing in the Bonds. By approving this 
Prospectus, the CSSF gives no undertaking as to the economic and financial soundness of the transaction or the quality or solvency of the Issuer in line with the provisions of 
Article 6(4) of the Luxembourg law on Prospectuses for securities of 16 July 2019. 
In compliance with Article 21(8) of the EU Prospectus Regulation, this Prospectus is valid for a period of 12 months from the date of this Prospectus. The obligation to 
supplement this Prospectus in the event of significant new factors, material mistakes or material inaccuracies will therefore not apply on and from 23 March 2022, when this 
Prospectus is no longer valid. 
Details of the aggregate principal amount, interest (if any) payable, the issue price and any other conditions not contained herein, which are applicable to each Sub-Class of 
each Class of each Series (all as defined below) will be set forth in the final terms or, as the case may be, a drawdown prospectus (containing such final terms) supplementary 
to this Prospectus (the final terms or the drawdown prospectus, the “Final Terms”), which will be delivered to the Luxembourg Stock Exchange on or before the relevant date 
of issue. 
Bonds to be issued under the Programme will be issued in series (each a “Series”) and may be issued in one or more of five classes. The guaranteed asset-backed bonds have 
been designated as “Class A Bonds”. The asset-backed bonds will be designated as one of “Class B Bonds”, “Class R Bonds” “Class C Bonds” or “Class D Bonds” (each a 
“Class”). Each Class may be further divided into sub-classes (each a “Sub-Class”) with each Sub-Class pertaining to, inter alia, the currency, interest rate and maturity date of 
the relevant Sub-Class. Each Sub-Class may be fixed rate, floating rate or index-linked Bonds and may be denominated in sterling, euro, U.S. dollars or other currency, as 
specified in the relevant Final Terms. 
Details of the Bonds issued on 10 May 2001 (the “Initial Issue Date”), 16 April 2003 (the “Second Issue Date”), 28 November 2006 (the “Third Issue Date”), 7 December 
2006 (the “Fourth Issue Date”), 31 March 2010 (the “Fifth Issue Date”), 14 July 2011 (the “Sixth Issue Date”), 24 January 2018 (the “Seventh Issue Date”) and 24 
February 2020 (the “Eighth Issue Date”) which have not been redeemed and so remain in issue, are set out in the table on page 210 herein. 
As at the date of this Prospectus, each Sub-Class of the Class B Bonds and the Class C Bonds currently in issue have, and any further Sub-Classes of the Class B Bonds and/or 
the Class C Bonds to be issued pursuant to this Programme, are expected on issue to have, the three credit ratings listed below from the respective credit rating agencies. 
 
 
Class 
 
S&P 
Global 
Ratings 
Europe
Limited (“S&P”) 
Moody’s 
Investors 
Service 
Limited (“Moody’s”) 
Fitch Ratings Limited (“Fitch”, and 
together with S&P and Moody’s the 
“Rating 
Agencies” 
and 
each 
a 
“Rating Agency”) 
Class A Bonds 
 
AA (Stable) 
A2 (Stable)
A (Stable) 
Class B Bonds 
 
A- (Stable) 
A3 (Stable)
A (Stable) 
Class C Bonds  
 
BBB (Stable)  
Baa2 (Stable)
BBB+ (Stable) 
 
The Class A Bonds issued on the Initial Issue Date are unconditionally and irrevocably guaranteed as to scheduled payments of interest and principal (other than any accelerated 
or additional amounts and Subordinated Coupon Amounts, as defined below) pursuant to financial guarantee insurance policies (and the endorsements thereto) originally issued 
by MBIA Assurance S.A. With effect from 28 December 2007, the business of MBIA Assurance S.A. was transferred to MBIA UK Insurance Limited (the “Transfer”); MBIA 
UK Insurance Limited, therefore, assumed all rights and obligations of MBIA Assurance S.A. under the Transaction Documents as if it were the Financial Guarantor (as defined 
below) of the Class A Bonds issued on the Initial Issue Date. Further Class A Bonds that were issued on the Fourth Issue Date are unconditionally and irrevocably guaranteed as 
to scheduled payments of interest and principal (other than any accelerated or additional amounts and Subordinated Coupon Amounts) pursuant to financial guarantee insurance 
policies (and the endorsements thereto) issued by MBIA UK Insurance Limited. On 10 January 2017, Assured Guaranty Corp. acquired the entire issued share capital of MBIA 
UK Insurance Limited, following which the registered name of MBIA UK Insurance Limited was subsequently changed to Assured Guaranty (London) Plc (“AGLN”). On 7 
November 2018, AGLN transferred its insurance portfolio to, and merged with and into Assured Guaranty UK Limited (formerly Assured Guaranty (Europe) Plc) (“Assured 
Guaranty”). References to the “Initial Financial Guarantor” shall mean MBIA Assurance S.A. prior to the Transfer and Assured Guaranty after the Transfer.

--- Page 2 ---
Any credit rating in respect of Class A Bonds is based solely upon the financial strength of the Initial Financial Guarantor or any other applicable Financial Guarantor (as 
defined below), as the case may be (except to the extent that such rating is lower than that assigned to the Class B Bonds by the same Rating Agency, in which case, the rating 
assigned to the Class A Bonds shall be the same as that assigned to the Class B Bonds by the same Rating Agency). None of the Class B Bonds, Class R Bonds, Class C Bonds 
or Class D Bonds will benefit from a guarantee of any Financial Guarantor (as defined below) or any other financial institution. Any ratings ascribed to the Bonds reflect only 
the views of the Rating Agencies. 
Although the credit ratings of any Class A Bonds which may be issued under the Programme in the future are expected to have the credit ratings described above, their actual 
credit ratings are not known as at the date of this Prospectus. If in the future any Financial Guarantor shall provide a Financial Guarantee in respect of any Class A Bonds to be 
issued in the future, this Prospectus shall be updated, or a supplement to this Prospectus published, to include information on such Financial Guarantor and the relevant 
Financial Guarantee. For the avoidance of doubt, the Issuer is not intending, as of the date of this Prospectus, to issue any further Class D Bonds pursuant to this Prospectus. If 
any Class D Bonds are issued under the Programme, such Class D Bonds will not be assigned a credit rating. 
A credit rating is not a recommendation to buy, sell or hold securities and may be subject to revision, suspension or withdrawal at any time by any one or all of the 
Rating Agencies. A suspension, reduction or withdrawal of the rating assigned to any of the Bonds may adversely affect the market price of such Bonds. 
Please see the sub-headings “Ratings” at page 7 of “Important Notice” below to read about the application of the EU CRA Regulation and UK CRA Regulation (each as 
defined below). 
Interests in the Temporary Global Bonds will be exchangeable for interests in Permanent Global Bonds on or after a date which is expected to be 40 days after the Issue Date of 
the relevant Sub-Class of the Bonds upon certification as to non-U.S. beneficial ownership. 
Please see Chapter 2: “Risk Factors” to read about certain factors prospective investors should consider before buying any Bonds. 
 
 
 
ARRANGER FOR THE PROGRAMME 
 
HSBC 
 
DEALERS 
 
Barclays 
HSBC 
 
BNP PARIBAS 
Lloyds Bank Corporate Markets 
NatWest Markets 
 
Prospectus dated 23 March 2021

--- Page 3 ---
3 
IMPORTANT NOTICE 
This prospectus comprises a base prospectus for the purposes of the EU Prospectus Regulation. The Issuer 
accepts responsibility for the information contained in this Prospectus and the Final Terms for each Class of 
Bonds issued under the Programme and in respect of sections defined below as the DCC Information and the 
Glas Information, the Issuer accepts responsibility for accurately reproducing such information into this 
Prospectus. To the best of the knowledge of the Issuer, the information contained herein is in accordance with 
the facts and does not omit anything likely to affect the import of such information. 
The information contained in Chapter 4 “DCC, the Issuer, the Glas Group and Glas Holdings” insofar as it 
relates to DCC, Chapter 5 “Water Regulation”, Chapter 2 “Risk Factors – Risks relating to DCC and its 
business – Regulatory Risks – Regulatory Changes to Increase Competition in the Water Industry” insofar as 
it relates to DCC and, insofar as they relate to DCC, paragraphs 7, 9, 10, 11, 12, 13 and 15 in Chapter 11 
“General Information” has been sourced from DCC (together the “DCC Information”). The Issuer accepts 
responsibility for accurately reproducing the DCC Information into this Prospectus. As far as the Issuer is 
aware and is able to ascertain from information provided by DCC, no facts have been omitted which would 
render the reproduced information inaccurate or misleading. 
The information contained in the documents incorporated by reference insofar as they relate to Glas and the 
information contained therein (see “Documents Incorporated by Reference”), Chapter 4 “DCC, the Issuer, 
the Glas Group and Glas Holdings” and, insofar as they relate to Glas, paragraphs 7, 9, 10, 11 12, 13, 14 
and 15 in Chapter 11 “General Information” has been sourced from Glas (together the “Glas Information”). 
The Issuer accepts responsibility for accurately reproducing the Glas Information into this Prospectus. As far 
as the Issuer is aware and is able to ascertain from information provided by Glas, no facts have been omitted 
which would render the reproduced information inaccurate or misleading. 
No representation, warranty or undertaking is made, and no responsibility is accepted by DCC, the 
Guarantors, Glas Holdings, the Initial Financial Guarantor, the Issuer Security Trustee, the Bond Trustee, the 
DCC Security Trustee, the Liquidity Facility Providers, the Current Issuer Hedge Counterparties, the 
Authorised Loan Providers, the Finance Lessors, the Current DCC Hedge Counterparties, the Cash Manager, 
the Dealers or the Arranger (each as defined below and, together, the “Other Parties”) or any affiliate of any 
of them (other than the Issuer) as to the accuracy or completeness of any information contained in this 
Prospectus or any other information supplied in relation to the Bonds or their distribution. None of the Other 
Parties (other than DCC with respect to the DCC Information only and Glas with respect to the Glas 
Information only) has made any independent investigation or verification of the accuracy or completeness of 
any information contained in this Prospectus and none of them is responsible for any of the information 
contained in this Prospectus. 
None of DCC, the Guarantors, Glas Holdings, the Initial Financial Guarantor, the Issuer Security Trustee, 
the Bond Trustee, the DCC Security Trustee or the Other Parties accept responsibility to investors for the 
regulatory treatment of their investment in the Bonds including (but not limited to) whether any transaction or 
transactions pursuant to which Bonds are issued from time to time is or will be regarded as constituting a 
“securitisation” for the purposes of Regulation (EU) 2017/2402 or for the purposes of Regulation (EU) 
2017/2402 as it forms part of United Kingdom (“UK”) domestic law by virtue of the European Union 
(Withdrawal) Act 2018 (as amended, “EUWA”)  by any regulatory authority in any jurisdiction. If the 
regulatory treatment of an investment in the Bonds is relevant to an investor's decision whether or not to 
invest, the investor should make its own determination as to such treatment and for this purpose seek 
professional advice and consult its regulator. Prospective investors are referred to the “Risk Factors – Risks 
relating to DCC and its business” section of this Prospectus for further information.  
PROHIBITION OF SALES TO EEA RETAIL INVESTORS – The Bonds are not intended to be offered, 
sold or otherwise made available to and should not be offered, sold or otherwise made available to any retail

--- Page 4 ---
4 
investor in the EEA. For these purposes, a retail investor means a person who is one (or more) of: (i) a retail 
client as defined in point (11) of Article 4(1) of MiFID II; or (ii) a customer within the meaning of Directive 
(EU) 2016/97 (the “Insurance Distribution Directive”), where that customer would not qualify as a 
professional client as defined in point (10) of Article 4(1) of MiFID II. Consequently, no key information 
document required by Regulation (EU) No 1286/2014 (as amended, the “PRIIPs Regulation”) for offering or 
selling the Bonds or otherwise making them available to retail investors in the EEA has been prepared and 
therefore offering or selling the Bonds or otherwise making them available to any retail investor in the EEA 
may be unlawful under the PRIIPs Regulation. 
PROHIBITION OF SALES TO UK RETAIL INVESTORS – The Bonds are not intended to be offered, 
sold or otherwise made available to and should not be offered, sold or otherwise made available to any retail 
investor in the UK. For these purposes, a retail investor means a person who is one (or more) of: (i) a retail 
client, as defined in point (8) of Article 2 of Regulation (EU) No 2017/565 as it forms part of UK domestic 
law by virtue of the EUWA; or (ii) a customer within the meaning of the provisions of the Financial Services 
and Markets Act 2000 (as amended, the “FSMA”) and any rules or regulations made under the FSMA to 
implement Directive (EU) 2016/97, where that customer would not qualify as a professional client, as defined 
in point (8) of Article 2(1) of Regulation (EU) No 600/2014 as it forms part of UK domestic law by virtue of 
the EUWA. Consequently no key information document required by Regulation (EU) No 1286/2014 as it 
forms part of UK domestic law by virtue of the EUWA (the “UK PRIIPs Regulation”) for offering or selling 
the Bonds or otherwise making them available to retail investors in the UK has been prepared and therefore 
offering or selling the Bonds or otherwise making them available to any retail investor in the UK may be 
unlawful under the UK PRIIPs Regulation. 
MiFID II Product Governance – The Final Terms in respect of any Bonds may include a legend entitled 
“MiFID II Product Governance” which will outline the target market assessment in respect of the Bonds 
and which channels for distribution of the Bonds are appropriate. Any Distributor should take into 
consideration the target market assessment; however, a Distributor subject to MiFID II is responsible for 
undertaking its own target market assessment in respect of the Bonds (by either adopting or refining the target 
market assessment) and determining appropriate distribution channels.  
A determination will be made in relation to each issue about whether, for the purpose of the MiFID Product 
Governance rules under EU Delegated Directive 2017/593 (the “MiFID II Product Governance Rules”), 
any Dealer subscribing for any Bonds is a manufacturer in respect of such Bonds, but otherwise neither the 
Arranger nor the Dealers nor any of their respective affiliates will be a manufacturer for the purpose of the 
MiFID II Product Governance Rules. 
UK MiFIR Product Governance – The Final Terms in respect of any Bonds may include a legend entitled 
“UK MiFIR Product Governance” which will outline the target market assessment in respect of the Bonds 
and which channels for distribution of the Bonds are appropriate. Any person subsequently offering, selling 
or recommending the Bonds (a "Distributor") should take into consideration the target market assessment; 
however, a Distributor subject to the FCA Handbook Product Intervention and Product Governance 
Sourcebook (the “UK MiFIR Product Governance Rules”) is responsible for undertaking its own target 
market assessment in respect of the Bonds (by either adopting or refining the target market assessment) and 
determining appropriate distribution channels.  
A determination will be made in relation to each issue about whether, for the purpose of the UK MiFIR 
Product Governance Rules, any Dealer subscribing for any Bonds is a manufacturer in respect of such Bonds, 
but otherwise neither the Arranger nor the Dealers nor any of their respective affiliates will be a 
manufacturer for the purpose of the UK MiFIR Product Governance Rules. 
Singapore SFA Product Classification – In connection with Section 309B of the Securities and Futures Act 
(Chapter 289) of Singapore, as modified or amended from time to time (the “SFA”) and the Securities and 
Futures (Capital Markets Products) Regulations 2018 of Singapore (the “CMP Regulations 2018”), unless 
otherwise specified before an offer of Bonds, the Issuer has determined, and hereby notifies all relevant

--- Page 5 ---
5 
persons (as defined in Section 309A(1) of the SFA), that the Bonds are capital markets products other than 
prescribed capital markets products (as defined in the CMP Regulations 2018). 
Other relevant information  
This Prospectus is to be read in conjunction with all documents which are deemed to be incorporated herein 
by reference (see “Documents Incorporated by Reference” below). 
Responsibility for this Prospectus 
Each of (i) the Issuer, in respect of all content other than the DCC Information and Glas Information, (ii) 
DCC, in respect of the DCC Information only, and (iii) Glas, with respect to the Glas Information only, have 
confirmed to the Dealers that this Prospectus (including, for this purpose, each relevant Final Terms) 
contains all information which is material in the context of the relevant Bonds (including all information 
required by applicable laws and the information that, according to the particular nature of the Issuer, DCC, 
the Guarantors, Glas Holdings and the Bonds, is necessary to enable investors to make an informed 
assessment of the assets and liabilities, financial position, profits and losses, and prospects of the Issuer and 
of the rights attaching to the Bonds) is true, accurate and complete in all material respects and is not 
misleading; that the opinions and intentions expressed herein are honestly held and based on reasonable 
assumptions; that there are no other facts in relation to the information contained or incorporated by 
reference in this Prospectus the omission of which would, in the context of the Programme or the issue of 
Bonds, make any statement herein or opinions or intentions expressed herein misleading in any material 
respect; and that all reasonable enquiries have been made to verify the foregoing. The Issuer has further 
confirmed to the Dealers that this Prospectus (together with, as the case may be, the relevant Final Terms) 
contains or, as the case may be, will contain all such information as may be required by all applicable laws, 
rules and regulations. 
Prospective investors should have regard to the factors described in Chapter 2 “Risk Factors” in this 
Prospectus. This Prospectus does not describe all of the risks of an investment in the Bonds. Neither this 
Prospectus nor any Final Terms or any other financial statements constitutes an offer or an invitation to 
subscribe for or purchase any Bonds and are not intended to provide the basis of any credit or other 
evaluation and should not be considered as a recommendation by the Issuer or any of the Other Parties that 
any recipient of this Prospectus, any Final Terms or any other financial statements should subscribe for or 
purchase the Bonds. Purchasers of Bonds should conduct such independent investigation and analysis 
regarding the Issuer, DCC, Glas or any relevant Financial Guarantor (if applicable), the security 
arrangements and the Bonds as they deem appropriate to evaluate the merits and risks of an investment in the 
Bonds. Purchasers of Bonds should have sufficient knowledge and experience in financial and business 
matters, and access to, and knowledge of, appropriate analytical resources, to evaluate the information 
contained in this Prospectus and the relevant Final Terms (if any) and the merits and risks of investing in the 
Bonds in the context of their financial position and circumstances with particular reference to its own 
investment objectives and experience and any other factors which may be relevant to it in connection with 
such investment. None of the Other Parties expressly undertakes to review the financial condition or affairs of 
the Issuer or DCC during the life of the arrangements contemplated by this Prospectus nor to advise any 
investor or potential investor in the Bonds of any information coming to the attention of any of the Other 
Parties. The Risk Factors identified in this Prospectus are provided as general information only and the 
Issuer and Other Parties disclaim any responsibility to advise purchasers of Bonds of the risks and investment 
considerations associated therewith as they may exist at the date hereof or as they may from time to time alter. 
No person has been authorised to give any information or to make any representation not contained in or not 
consistent with this Prospectus or any other document entered into in relation to the Programme or any 
information supplied by the Issuer, DCC or Glas or such other information as is in the public domain and, if 
given or made, such information or representation should not be relied upon as having been authorised by the 
Issuer, the Other Parties or any of their respective affiliates.

--- Page 6 ---
6 
Neither the delivery of this Prospectus or any Final Terms nor the offering, sale or delivery of any Bond shall, 
in any circumstances, create any implication that the information contained in this Prospectus is true 
subsequent to the date hereof or the date upon which this Prospectus has been most recently amended or 
supplemented or that there has been no adverse change in the financial situation of the Issuer, DCC or Glas 
since the date hereof or, if later, the date upon which this Prospectus has been most recently amended or 
supplemented or that any other information supplied in connection with the Programme is correct at any time 
subsequent to the date on which it is supplied or, if different, the date indicated in the document containing the 
same. 
Restrictions on distribution  
The distribution of this Prospectus and any Final Terms and the offering, sale and delivery of Bonds in certain 
jurisdictions may be restricted by law. Persons into whose possession this Prospectus or any Final Terms 
comes are required by the Issuer and the Other Parties to inform themselves about and to observe any such 
restrictions. The Bonds and the Financial Guarantees have not been and will not be registered under the 
United States Securities Act of 1933, as amended (the “Securities Act”), or with any securities regulatory 
authority of any state or other jurisdiction of the United States. Accordingly, subject to certain exceptions, the 
Bonds and the Financial Guarantees may not be offered, sold or otherwise transferred, or in the case of 
Bearer Bonds, delivered, within the United States or to U.S. persons. The Bonds may include Bonds that are 
in bearer form that are subject to U.S. tax law requirements. For a description of these and certain further 
restrictions on offers, sales and transfers of Bonds and the Financial Guarantees and distribution of this 
Prospectus see “Subscription and Sale”. The Bonds and any Financial Guarantees in respect thereof have not 
been approved or disapproved by the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission, any State securities 
commission in the United States or any other U.S. regulatory authority, nor has any of the foregoing 
authorities passed upon or endorsed the merits of the offering of Bonds or Financial Guarantees or the 
accuracy or the adequacy of this Prospectus. Any representation to the contrary is a criminal offence in the 
United States. In addition, this Prospectus and any Final Terms are being distributed only to, and directed 
only at, persons who (i) are outside the United Kingdom or (ii) are persons who have professional experience 
in matters relating to investments falling within Article 19(1) of the Financial Services and Markets Act 2000 
(Financial Promotion) Order 2005 (the “Order”) or (iii) are high net worth entities, and other persons to 
whom it may lawfully be communicated, falling within Article 49(1) of the Order (all such persons together 
being referred to as “relevant persons”). This Prospectus and any Final Terms, or any of their respective 
content, must not be acted on or relied on by persons who are not relevant persons. Any investment or 
investment activity to which this Prospectus and any Final Terms relates are available only to, and any 
invitation, offer or agreement to subscribe, purchase or otherwise acquire such investments will be engaged in 
only with, relevant persons. For a description of certain restrictions on offers, sales and deliveries of Bonds 
and on the distribution of this Prospectus or any Final Terms and other offering material relating to Bonds, 
see Chapter 10 “Subscription and Sale”. 
The Issuer and the Other Parties do not represent that this document may be lawfully distributed, or that any 
Bonds may be lawfully offered, in compliance with any applicable registration or other requirements in any 
jurisdiction, or pursuant to an exemption available thereunder, or assume any responsibility for facilitating 
any such distribution or offering. In particular, no action has been taken by the Issuer or the Other Parties 
which would permit a public offering of any Bonds or distribution of this Prospectus or any Final Terms in 
any jurisdiction where action for that purpose is required. Accordingly, no Bonds may be offered or sold, 
directly or indirectly, and neither this Prospectus, any Final Terms nor any advertisement or other offering 
material may be distributed or published in any jurisdiction, except under circumstances that will result in 
compliance with any applicable laws and regulations, and the Dealers have represented that all offers and 
sales will be made by them on the same terms. Persons into whose possession this Prospectus or any Final 
Terms or any Bonds come are required by the Issuer and the Other Parties to inform themselves about, and 
observe any such restrictions. For a description of certain restrictions on offers and sales of the Bonds and 
distribution of this Prospectus or any Final Terms, see Chapter 10 “Subscription and Sale”.

--- Page 7 ---
7 
If a jurisdiction requires that the offering be made by a licensed broker or dealer and the Dealers or any 
affiliate of the Dealers is a licensed broker or dealer in that jurisdiction, the offering shall be deemed to be 
made by the Dealers or such affiliate on behalf of the Issuer in such jurisdiction. 
THE BONDS AND THE FINANCIAL GUARANTEES HAVE NOT BEEN AND WILL NOT BE 
REGISTERED UNDER THE U.S. SECURITIES ACT OF 1933 (THE “SECURITIES ACT”) AND ANY 
SUCH BONDS IN BEARER FORM ARE SUBJECT TO U.S. TAX LAW REQUIREMENTS. THE BONDS 
AND THE FINANCIAL GUARANTEES HAVE NOT BEEN APPROVED OR DISAPPROVED BY THE 
U.S. SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION, ANY STATE SECURITIES COMMISSION IN 
THE UNITED STATES OR ANY OTHER U.S. REGULATORY AUTHORITY. THE FOREGOING 
AUTHORITIES HAVE NOT PASSED UPON OR ENDORSED THE MERITS OF THE OFFERING OF 
BONDS OR THE ACCURACY OR THE ADEQUACY OF THIS PROSPECTUS AND, SUBJECT TO 
CERTAIN EXCEPTIONS, THE BONDS AND THE FINANCIAL GUARANTEES MAY NOT BE 
OFFERED OR SOLD, OR DELIVERED, IF IN BEARER FORM, WITHIN THE UNITED STATES OR TO, 
OR FOR THE ACCOUNT OR BENEFIT OF, U.S. PERSONS (AS DEFINED IN REGULATION S UNDER 
THE SECURITIES ACT (“REGULATION S”)). ANY REPRESENTATION TO THE CONTRARY IS A 
CRIMINAL OFFENCE IN THE UNITED STATES. 
In the case of any Bonds which are to be admitted to trading on a regulated market within the EEA or offered 
to the public in a Member State of the EEA in circumstances which require the publication of a prospectus 
under the EU Prospectus Regulation, the minimum denomination shall be €100,000 (or its equivalent in any 
other currency as at the date of issue of the Bonds).  
UK Benchmarks Regulation and EU Benchmarks Regulation  
Amounts payable under the Bonds may be calculated by reference to (i) LIBOR, which is provided by ICE 
Benchmark Administration Limited (“IBA”), (ii) EURIBOR, which is provided by the European Money 
Markets Institute (the “EMMI”), (iii) SONIA or SONIA Index, which are provided by the Bank of England, 
(iv) UK Retail Prices Index, which is provided by the Office for National Statistics (“RPI”), (v) UK Consumer 
Prices Index, which is provided by the Office for National Statistics (“CPI”) or (vi) CPIH, which is provided 
by the Office for National Statistics.  
As at the date of this Prospectus, EMMI appears on the register of administrators and benchmarks 
established and maintained by European Securities and Markets Authority (“ESMA”) (the “EU Benchmarks 
Register”) pursuant to Article 36 of the EU Benchmarks Regulation (Regulation (EU) 2016/1011) (the “EU 
Benchmarks Regulation”), but not the UK register of administrators and benchmarks established and 
maintained by the FCA (the “UK Benchmarks Register”) pursuant to Article 36 of Regulation (EU) No. 
2016/1011 as it forms part of UK domestic law by virtue of the EUWA (the "UK Benchmarks Regulation"), 
and IBA appears on the UK Benchmarks Register but not the EU Benchmarks Register. As far as the Issuer is 
aware, the transitional provisions in Article 51 of the EU Benchmarks Regulation apply such that IBA is not 
currently required to obtain authorisation/registration (or, if located outside the European Union, recognition, 
endorsement or equivalence). As far as the Issuer is aware, the transitional provisions in Article 51 of the UK 
Benchmarks Regulation apply such that EMMI is not currently required to obtain authorisation/registration 
(or, if located outside the UK, recognition, endorsement or equivalence). 
As far as the Issuer is aware, SONIA, SONIA Index, RPI, CPI and CPIH do not fall within the scope of the EU 
Benchmarks Regulation by virtue of Article 2 of the EU Benchmarks Regulation or within the scope UK 
Benchmarks Regulation by virtue of Article 2 of the UK Benchmarks Regulation. 
Ratings  
In general, European Economic Area (“EEA”) regulated investors are restricted from using a rating for EEA 
regulatory purposes if such rating is not issued by a credit rating agency established in the EEA and 
registered under Regulation (EC) No 1060/2009 of the European Parliament and of the Council of 16 
September 2009 on credit rating agencies as amended (the “EU CRA Regulation”) (and such registration

--- Page 8 ---
8 
has not been withdrawn or suspended, subject to transitional provisions that apply in certain circumstances). 
Similarly, UK regulated investors are restricted from using a rating for UK regulatory purposes if such rating 
is not issued by a credit rating agency established in the UK for the purposes of Regulation (EC) No 
1060/2009 on credit rating agencies as it forms part of UK domestic law by virtue of the EUWA (the “UK 
CRA Regulation”).  
Such general restrictions will also apply in the case of credit ratings issued by third country non-EEA or non-
UK (as applicable) credit rating agencies, unless the relevant credit ratings are (i) in the case of credit ratings 
issued by third country non-EEA credit rating agencies, endorsed by an EEA-registered credit rating agency 
or the relevant third country rating agency is certified in accordance with the EU CRA Regulation (and such 
endorsement action or certification, as the case may be, has not been withdrawn or suspended, subject to 
transitional provisions that apply in certain circumstances), and (ii) in the case of credit ratings issued by 
third country non-UK credit rating agencies, endorsed by a UK-registered credit rating agency or the relevant 
third country rating agency is certified in accordance with the UK CRA Regulation (and such endorsement 
action or certification, as the case may be, has not been withdrawn or suspended, subject to transitional 
provisions that apply in certain circumstances).  
S&P is a credit rating agency established in the EEA and registered under the EU CRA Regulation. Ratings 
given by S&P are endorsed by S&P Global Ratings UK Limited, which is a credit rating agency established 
in the UK and registered under the UK CRA Regulation. Moody’s and Fitch are credit rating agencies 
established in the UK and registered under the UK CRA Regulation. Ratings given by Moody’s and Fitch are 
endorsed by Moody's Deutschland GmbH and Fitch Ratings Ireland Limited respectively, which are credit 
rating agencies established in the EEA and registered under the EU CRA Regulation.  
Whether or not a rating in relation to any Class of Bonds will be treated as having been issued by a credit 
rating agency established in the EEA and/or the UK and registered under the EU CRA Regulation and/or the 
UK CRA Regulation (as applicable) will be disclosed in the relevant Final Terms.  
ESMA is obliged to maintain on its website a list of credit rating agencies registered in accordance with the 
EU CRA Regulation. This list must be updated within 30 days of ESMA’s notification to the relevant credit 
rating agency of adoption of any decision to withdraw the registration of a credit rating agency under the EU 
CRA Regulation. The Financial Conduct Authority (the “FCA”) is obliged to maintain on its website a list of 
credit rating agencies registered in accordance with the UK CRA Regulation. This list must be updated within 
30 days of the FCA’s notification to the relevant credit rating agency of adoption of any decision to withdraw 
the registration of a credit rating agency under the UK CRA Regulation. 
Certain definitions 
All references in this Prospectus to “sterling” and “£” refer to the lawful currency of the United Kingdom, to 
“U.S. dollars” and “$” refer to the lawful currency of the United States of America, and to “euro” and “€” 
refer to the lawful currency of member states of the European Community (the “Member States”) that have 
adopted the euro as their lawful currency in accordance with the Treaty establishing the European 
Community, as amended by the Treaty on European Union and the Treaty of Amsterdam. 
Any reference in this Prospectus to any legislation (whether primary legislation or other subsidiary 
legislation made pursuant to primary legislation) shall be construed as a reference to such legislation as the 
same may have been, or may from time to time be, amended, superseded or re-enacted. 
Stabilisation  
In connection with the issue of any Sub-Class of Bonds, the Dealer or Dealers (if any) named as the 
stabilisation manager(s) (the “Stabilisation Manager(s)”) (or persons acting on behalf of any Stabilisation 
Manager(s)) in the applicable Final Terms may over-allot such Bonds or effect transactions with a view to 
supporting the market price of such Bonds at a level higher than that which might otherwise prevail. 
However, there is no obligation on the Stabilisation Manager(s) (or persons acting on behalf of any

--- Page 9 ---
9 
Stabilisation Manager(s) to undertake) stabilisation. Any stabilisation action may begin on or after the date 
on which adequate public disclosure of the terms of the offer of the relevant Sub-Class is made and, if 
begun, may cease at any time, but it must end no later than the earlier of 30 days after the issue date of the 
relevant Sub-Class of Bonds and 60 days after the date of the allotment of the relevant Sub-Class of Bonds. 
Any stabilisation action or over-allotment must be conducted by the relevant Stabilisation Manager(s) (or 
persons acting on behalf of any Stabilisation Manager(s)) in accordance with all applicable laws and rules. 
Any loss or profit sustained as a consequence of any such over-allotment or stabilising shall, as against the 
Issuer, be for the account of the Stabilisation Manager(s).

--- Page 10 ---
10 
TABLE OF CONTENTS  
Page 
CHAPTER 1 GENERAL DESCRIPTION OF THE PROGRAMME .............................................................. 11 
CHAPTER 2 RISK FACTORS .........................................................................................................................22 
DOCUMENTS INCORPORATED BY REFERENCE .....................................................................................43 
PROSPECTUS SUPPLEMENT .......................................................................................................................48 
CHAPTER 3 THE PARTIES ............................................................................................................................49 
CHAPTER 4  DCC, THE ISSUER, THE GLAS GROUP AND GLAS HOLDINGS ......................................53 
CHAPTER 5  WATER REGULATION ............................................................................................................70 
CHAPTER 6 FINANCING STRUCTURE .......................................................................................................83 
SUMMARY OF INTERCREDITOR ARRANGEMENTS ...............................................................................86 
ISSUER CASH MANAGEMENT ..................................................................................................................128 
ADDITIONAL RESOURCES AVAILABLE ..................................................................................................132 
CHAPTER 7 TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THE BONDS ......................................................................142 
FORMS OF THE BONDS ..............................................................................................................................184 
PROVISIONS RELATING TO THE BONDS WHILE IN GLOBAL FORM ................................................188 
PRO FORMA FINAL TERMS .......................................................................................................................190 
CHAPTER 8 TAX CONSIDERATIONS ........................................................................................................200 
CHAPTER 9 DESCRIPTION OF THE CURRENT ISSUER HEDGE COUNTERPARTIES, FACILITY 
PROVIDERS AND ACCOUNT BANK .................................................................................................203 
CHAPTER 10 SUBSCRIPTION AND SALE ................................................................................................213 
CHAPTER 11 GENERAL INFORMATION ..................................................................................................218 
INDEX OF DEFINED TERMS ......................................................................................................................222

--- Page 11 ---
11 
CHAPTER 1 
GENERAL DESCRIPTION OF THE PROGRAMME 
The following is a general description of the Programme. It is a brief overview only, is qualified in its entirety 
by, and should be read in conjunction with, the remainder of this Prospectus and, in relation to any Bonds, in 
conjunction with the relevant Final Terms and, to the extent applicable, the Conditions of the Bonds set out 
herein or therein. This Prospectus (as supplemented as at the relevant time, if applicable) is valid for 
12 months from its date in relation to Bonds which are to be admitted to trading on a regulated market in the 
EEA and/or offered to the public in the EEA other than in circumstances where any exemption is available 
under Article 1(4) and/or 3(2) of the EU Prospectus Regulation. 
Introduction and Use of Proceeds 
An amount equal to the sterling equivalent of the gross 
proceeds of issue or, in the case of Class R Bonds, sale of each 
Series of Bonds has been or may be advanced by the Issuer to 
DCC under the terms of an Intercompany Loan Agreement (see 
Chapter 6 “Financing Structure” under “Intercompany Loan 
Agreements” and “Additional Resources Available” under 
“Class R Bonds”). 
Initial Programme Amounts 
Asset-Backed Bonds  
The maximum aggregate principal amount of asset-backed 
bonds (including the Class R Bonds) which may be outstanding 
under the Programme shall be £4,000,000,000 or the equivalent 
thereof in permitted currencies. 
 
Class R Bonds  
The maximum aggregate principal amount of Class R Bonds 
which may be outstanding under the Programme shall be 
£200,000,000. 
 
Guaranteed Asset-Backed Bonds  
The maximum aggregate principal amount of guaranteed asset-
backed bonds which may be outstanding under the Programme 
shall be £4,000,000,000 or the equivalent thereof in permitted 
currencies. 
 
For the purpose of calculating the sterling (the “Base 
Currency”) equivalent of the principal amount of Bonds 
outstanding under the Programme from time to time, the Base 
Currency equivalent of Bonds denominated in another currency 
shall be determined by the Agent Bank (as defined below) on 
the basis of the currency exchange rate under the relevant 
Hedging Agreement on the last preceding day on which 
commercial banks and foreign exchange markets were open for 
business in London. 
Issue Dates 
10 May 2001 (the “Initial Issue Date”), 16 April 2003 (the 
“Second Issue Date”), 28 November 2006 (the “Third Issue 
Date”), 7 December 2006 (the “Fourth Issue Date”), 31 
March 2010 (the “Fifth Issue Date”), 14 July 2011 (the “Sixth 
Issue Date”), 24 January 2018 (the “Seventh Issue Date”), 24 
February 2020 (the “Eighth Issue Date”) and thereafter such 
dates (each an “Issue Date”) as agreed between the Issuer and 
the relevant Dealer(s). For the avoidance of doubt, the Initial

--- Page 12 ---
12 
Issue Date, Second Issue Date, Third Issue Date, Fourth Issue 
Date, Fifth Issue Date, Sixth Issue Date, the Seventh Issue Date 
and the Eighth Issue Date are for informational purposes only. 
 
The Bonds currently in issue and their details are set out in the 
table on page 210. 
Issuance in Series 
Bonds issued on the same date will comprise a series (each a 
“Series”). Each Series comprises or may comprise one or more 
non-fungible classes (each a “Class”) or sub-classes (each a 
“Sub-Class”). The Bonds are or will be divided into five 
Classes, respectively, the “Class A Bonds”, the “Class B 
Bonds”, the “Class R Bonds”, the “Class C Bonds” and the 
“Class D Bonds”. 
 
The Issuer may make further issues on identical terms to an 
existing Sub-Class in all respects (or in all respects save for the 
issue date, interest commencement date and/or issue price). 
Such further issue will be fungible with the earlier issue. The 
specific terms of each Sub-Class of Bonds have been or will be 
set out in the applicable Final Terms. 
Status and Ranking 
The Bonds in issue constitute, and any further bonds issued 
under the Programme will constitute, direct, secured and 
unconditional obligations of the Issuer. Each Sub-Class of 
Bonds in issue ranks, and any further Sub-Class of Bonds 
issued under the Programme will rank, pari passu without 
preference or priority in point of security amongst all other 
Sub-Classes of Bonds. 
 
The Bonds represent the right of the holders of such Bonds to 
receive interest and principal payments from (a) the Issuer in 
accordance with the Conditions (as defined below) and the 
amended and restated trust deed dated 20 December 2017, as 
further amended and/or varied from time to time (the “Trust 
Deed”) entered into by the Issuer, the Bond Trustee and 
Assured Guaranty UK Limited (formerly Assured Guaranty 
(Europe) Plc)  in connection with the Programme and (b) in the 
case of the Class A Bonds only, from the relevant Financial 
Guarantor (as defined below) in certain circumstances in 
accordance with the relevant Financial Guarantee. 
 
The Class A Bonds and Class B Bonds in issue (each of 
whatever Sub-Class) rank, and any further Class A Bonds, 
Class B Bonds and Class R Bonds (each of whatever Sub-
Class) issued under the Programme will rank, pari passu with 
respect to payments of interest. However, only the Class A 
Bonds have the benefit of the relevant Financial Guarantee. All 
claims in respect of the Class A Bonds and Class B Bonds in 
issue (each of whatever Sub-Class) rank, and any further Class 
A Bonds, Class B Bonds and Class R Bonds (each of whatever 
Sub-Class) issued under the Programme will rank in priority to 
payments of interest due on all Sub-Classes of the Class C 
Bonds and Class D Bonds (other than any Subordinated 
Coupon Amounts) and the Class C Bonds in issue (of whatever

--- Page 13 ---
13 
Sub-Class) rank, and any further Class C Bonds issued under 
the Programme will rank, in priority to payments of interest due 
on all Sub-Classes of the Class D Bonds (other than any 
Subordinated Coupon Amounts). As at the date of this 
Prospectus, (i) there are no Class R Bonds outstanding and the 
Issuer is not intending to issue Class R Bonds, and (ii) there are 
no Class D Bonds outstanding, although the Issuer may still 
issue subordinated Class D Bonds in the future should it choose 
to do so.  
 
The Class A Bonds and Class B Bonds in issue (each of 
whatever Sub-Class) rank, and any further Class A Bonds, 
Class B Bonds and Class R Bonds (each of whatever Sub-
Class) issued under the Programme will rank, pari passu with 
respect to repayment of principal. However, only Class A 
Bonds have the benefit of the relevant Financial Guarantee. All 
claims in respect of the Class A Bonds and Class B Bonds in 
issue (each of whatever Sub-Class) rank, and any further Class 
A Bonds, Class B Bonds and Class R Bonds (each of whatever 
Sub-Class) issued under the Programme will rank in priority to 
repayments of principal due on all Sub-Classes of the Class C 
Bonds and Class D Bonds and the Class C Bonds in issue (of 
whatever Sub-Class) rank, and any further Class C Bonds (of 
whatever Sub-Class) issued under the Programme will rank in 
priority to payments of principal due on all Sub-Classes of 
Class D Bonds. 
Form of Bonds 
The Bonds in issue have been issued under the Programme in 
bearer form. Further Bonds issued under the Programme will be 
issued in bearer and/or in registered form. Further Bonds issued 
in registered form will not be exchangeable for Bonds in bearer 
form. 
Bearer Bonds 
Each Sub-Class of Bonds issued or to be issued under the 
Programme in bearer form have been or will initially be in the 
form of a Temporary Global Bond or a Permanent Global Bond 
(each a “Global Bond”) in each case as specified in the 
relevant Final Terms. Each Global Bond has been or will be 
deposited on or around the relevant issue date with a depositary 
or a common depositary for Euroclear Bank SA/NV 
(“Euroclear”) and/or Clearstream Banking, SA (“Clearstream, 
Luxembourg”) and/or any other relevant clearing system. Each 
Temporary Global Bond has been or will be exchangeable for a 
Permanent Global Bond or, if so specified in the relevant Final 
Terms, for definitive Bonds in bearer form (“Definitive 
Bonds”) with (if the Bonds bear interest) interest coupons 
(“Coupons”) and (if applicable) talons for further Coupons 
(“Talons”) attached. If the TEFRA D Rules are specified in the 
relevant Final Terms as applicable, certification as to non-U.S. 
beneficial ownership is a condition precedent to any exchange 
of an interest in a Temporary Global Bond or receipt of any 
payment of interest in respect of a Temporary Global Bond. A 
Permanent Global Bond has been or will be exchanged for

--- Page 14 ---
14 
Definitive Bonds with (if the Bonds bear interest) Coupons and 
(if applicable) Talons attached in the circumstances specified in 
the Permanent Global Bond. See Chapter 7 “Terms and 
Conditions of the Bonds” under “Provisions Relating to the 
Bonds while in Global Form”. 
Registered Bonds 
For each Sub-Class of Bonds to be issued in registered form, 
the Issuer will deliver a global bond certificate (a “Regulation 
S Global Registered Bond Certificate”) to a depositary or 
common 
depositary 
for 
Euroclear 
and/or 
Clearstream, 
Luxembourg. Regulation S Global Registered Bond Certificates 
will be exchangeable only for definitive registered bond 
certificates (“Definitive Registered Bond Certificates”) and 
only in the limited circumstances specified in the relevant 
Regulation S Global Registered Bond Certificate and as 
specified in the relevant Final Terms. 
 
All such Definitive Registered Bond Certificates will have, if 
the principal thereof is repayable by instalments, endorsed 
thereon a grid for recording the repayment of principal. 
Currency 
Subject to compliance with all relevant laws, regulations and 
directives, any currency, as specified in the relevant Final 
Terms. 
Security 
The Bonds are secured pursuant to a deed of charge (the 
“Issuer Deed of Charge”) (a) by first ranking security interests 
in favour of the Issuer Security Trustee over, inter alia, (i) the 
Issuer’s interest in and to the DCC security trust and 
intercreditor deed (the “DCC STID”), (ii) the Issuer’s rights 
under each Issuer Transaction Document (as defined below) 
with certain exceptions, (iii) the Issuer’s Accounts (as defined 
below) and (iv) certain investments to be made from time to 
time by, or on behalf of, the Issuer and (b) by a first floating 
charge in favour of the Issuer Security Trustee over all the 
assets and undertaking of the Issuer, in each case excluding all 
monies constituting the issued share capital of the Issuer not 
otherwise utilised by the Issuer from time to time and the 
corporate benefits fee of £1,000 payable by DCC to the Issuer 
(such fixed and floating security, together, the “Issuer 
Security”). The Issuer Security is held by the Issuer Security 
Trustee on trust for the Issuer Secured Creditors (as defined 
below) under the terms of the Issuer Deed of Charge and 
subject to the terms of the Issuer STID (as defined below). 
Intercreditor Arrangements 
The Issuer Secured Creditors are each party to the Issuer STID, 
pursuant to which they have agreed that certain decisions in 
respect of the Issuer and the Issuer Security will be made by the 
Issuer Instructing Group (as defined below). Intercreditor 
arrangements are also in place among the DCC Secured 
Creditors (as defined below). See Chapter 6 “Financing 
Structure” under “Summary of Inter-creditor Arrangements”. 
Status of Financial Guarantees 
Each financial guarantee insurance policy (each a “Financial 
Guarantee”) issued in favour of the Bond Trustee in relation to

--- Page 15 ---
15 
each Sub-Class of Class A Bonds is an unsubordinated and 
unsecured obligation of the relevant Financial Guarantor, save 
for certain mandatory exceptions provided by law, pursuant to 
which the relevant Financial Guarantor unconditionally and 
irrevocably guarantees the timely payment of interest and 
principal (other than any accelerated or additional amounts or 
any Subordinated Coupon Amounts) on the relevant issued 
Sub-Class of Class A Bonds. 
For the avoidance of doubt, none of the Class B Bonds, Class C 
Bonds, Class D Bonds or Class R Bonds shall benefit from a 
Financial Guarantee.  
Counter-Indemnity 
The Issuer is, pursuant to the terms of an insurance and 
indemnity agreement with the Initial Financial Guarantor and 
pursuant to a guarantee and reimbursement agreement with 
Assured Guaranty, obliged, inter alia, to reimburse the relevant 
Financial Guarantor in respect of payments made by it under 
the relevant Financial Guarantee or Financial Guarantees. Each 
such Financial Guarantor is or will be subrogated to the rights 
of the relevant Class A Bondholders against the Issuer in 
respect of any payments made under such Financial 
Guarantees. 
Issue Price 
Bonds may be issued at any price, as specified in the relevant 
Final Terms. 
Maturities 
Subject to compliance with all relevant laws, regulations and 
directives, Bonds may be issued for any maturity (the 
“Expected Maturity Date”), as specified in the relevant Final 
Terms. 
Redemption 
Bonds will be redeemable at par or at such other amount 
detailed in a formula or otherwise as may be specified in the 
relevant Final Terms. Financial Guarantees have not guaranteed 
and will not guarantee the payment of any amounts of principal 
in excess of the Principal Amount Outstanding (as defined in 
Condition 6(i)), plus, in the case of Indexed Bonds, amounts in 
respect of indexation in respect of Class A Bonds. 
Optional Redemption 
Upon giving not more than 60 nor less than 30 days’ notice to 
the Bond Trustee, the Financial Guarantor(s) and the 
Bondholders (as defined below), the Issuer may (prior to the 
relevant Expected Maturity Date) redeem the Bonds in whole 
or in part (but on a pro rata basis only) on any Interest Payment 
Date (as defined in Condition 6(i), and, together with any 
interest payment date under any loan facilities made available 
to the Issuer, each an “Issuer Payment Date”), provided that 
Floating Rate Bonds may not be redeemed before the date 
specified in the relevant Final Terms, at the Redemption 
Amount (as defined in Condition 6(i)) plus accrued but unpaid 
interest. In respect of Fixed Rate Bonds (as defined below), the 
Redemption Amount will be an amount equal to the higher of 
(i) their Principal Amount Outstanding (as defined below) and 
(ii) an amount calculated in accordance with the formula, as set

--- Page 16 ---
16 
out in Condition 8(b)(i). In respect of Floating Rate Bonds (as 
defined below), the Redemption Amount will be the Principal 
Amount Outstanding, plus any premium for early redemption in 
certain years (as specified in the relevant Final Terms), as set 
out in Condition 8(b)(ii). In respect of Indexed Bonds, the 
Redemption Amount will be the higher of (i) the Principal 
Amount Outstanding (plus an amount in respect of indexation) 
and (ii) an amount calculated in accordance with the formula as 
set out in Condition 8(b)(iii). In any such case, prior to giving 
any such notice, the Issuer must certify to the Bond Trustee that 
it will have the funds, not subject to any interest of any other 
person, required to redeem the Bonds as aforesaid. There are 
certain restrictions on the optional redemption of the Class C 
Bonds (see Condition 8(b)). 
 
Under the terms of the Financial Guarantees, the Financial 
Guarantors have not guaranteed and will not guarantee any of 
the amounts payable by the Issuer upon an optional redemption 
of the Bonds, and their obligations continue to be to pay the 
Insured Amounts or Guaranteed Amounts (as applicable and as 
defined in the relevant Financial Guarantee) as they fall due for 
payment on each Issuer Payment Date. The Financial 
Guarantors are not and will not be obliged under any 
circumstances to accelerate payments under the Financial 
Guarantees. However, if they do so in their absolute discretion, 
following an acceleration of the Bonds only, they may do so in 
whole or in part and the amount payable will be the Principal 
Amount Outstanding (or, in the case of partial redemption, the 
pro rata amount that has become due and payable) of such 
Bonds, plus (i) in the case of Fixed Rate Bonds or Floating Rate 
Bonds, any accrued but unpaid interest (other than any 
Subordinated Coupon Amounts) and (ii) in the case of Indexed 
Bonds, an amount in respect of indexation and any accrued but 
unpaid interest (other than any Subordinated Coupon 
Amounts). 
Redemption for Index Event, Taxation 
or Other Reasons 
Upon the occurrence of certain index events, the Issuer may 
redeem the Indexed Bonds at their Principal Amount 
Outstanding together with accrued but unpaid interest and 
amounts in respect of indexation. No single Sub-Class of 
Indexed Bonds may be redeemed in these circumstances unless 
all the other Sub-Classes of Indexed Bonds are also redeemed 
at the same time. 
 
In addition, in the event of the Issuer becoming obliged to make 
any deduction or withholding from payments in respect of the 
Bonds (although the Issuer will not be obliged to pay any 
additional amounts in respect of such deduction or withholding) 
the Issuer may (i) use its reasonable endeavours to arrange for 
the substitution of another company in an alternative 
jurisdiction (subject to certain conditions as set out in Condition 
8(c) of the Bonds) and, failing this; (ii) redeem (subject to 
certain conditions as set out in Condition 8(c) of the Bonds) all

--- Page 17 ---
17 
(but not some only) of the Bonds at their Principal Amount 
Outstanding (plus, in the case of Indexed Bonds, amounts in 
respect of indexation) together with accrued but unpaid interest. 
No single Class or Sub-Class of Bonds may be redeemed in 
these circumstances unless all the other Classes and 
Sub-Classes of Bonds are also redeemed in full at the same 
time. 
 
In the event of DCC electing to prepay an advance (in whole or 
in part) under an Intercompany Loan Agreement following, 
inter alia, (i) DCC exercising its option to make such 
prepayment or (ii) DCC becoming obliged to make any 
deduction or withholding from payments under the relevant 
Intercompany Loan Agreement, the Issuer shall be obliged to 
redeem all or the relevant part of the corresponding Sub-Class 
of Bonds, the proceeds of which were used by the Issuer to 
fund the making of the advance being prepaid. 
 
The Financial Guarantors have not guaranteed and will not 
guarantee any of the amounts payable by the Issuer upon an 
early redemption and their obligations will continue to be to 
pay the Insured Amounts or Guaranteed Amounts (as applicable 
and as defined in the relevant Financial Guarantee) as they fall 
due for payment on each Issuer Payment Date. The Financial 
Guarantors are not and will not be obliged under any 
circumstances to accelerate payments under the Financial 
Guarantees. 
Redemption by Instalments 
The relevant Final Terms may provide that a Sub-Class of 
Bonds may be redeemed in two or more instalments in such 
amounts and on such dates and on such other terms as may be 
specified therein. 
Interest 
Bonds are or will, unless otherwise specified in the relevant 
Final Terms, be interest bearing. Interest does or will accrue at 
a fixed or floating rate (plus, in the case of Indexed Bonds, 
amounts in respect of indexation) and is or will be payable in 
arrear, as specified in the relevant Final Terms, or on such other 
basis and at such rate as may be so specified. 
Fixed Rate Bonds 
Fixed Rate Bonds do or will bear interest at a fixed rate, and 
interest for such Sub-Class is or will be payable on such date(s) 
and at such rate(s) as agreed between the Issuer and the Dealers 
(as specified in the relevant Final Terms). 
Floating Rate Bonds 
Floating Rate Bonds do or will bear interest at a rate set 
separately for each Sub-Class as may be specified in the 
relevant Final Terms either on the basis of a reference rate 
appearing on an agreed screen page of a commercial quotation 
service or on the basis of quotations from reference banks or on 
such other basis as may be agreed between the Issuer and the 
Dealers and as adjusted for any applicable Margin (as defined 
in Condition 6(i)) (as specified in the relevant Final Terms). 
Indexed Bonds 
Payments (whether in respect of principal or interest and

--- Page 18 ---
18 
whether at maturity or otherwise) in respect of Indexed Bonds 
(including Limited Indexed Bonds as defined in Condition 7(a)) 
may be calculated (with or without maximum and/or minimum 
limits on the amount of indexation) by reference to the UK RPI, 
CPI, CPIH or such other index and/or formula as the Issuer and 
the Dealers may agree (as specified in the relevant Final 
Terms). 
Interest Payment Dates 
Interest in respect of Fixed Rate Bonds is or will be payable 
annually or semi-annually in arrear, in respect of Floating Rate 
Bonds is or will be payable quarterly in arrear and in respect of 
Indexed Bonds is or will be payable semi-annually in arrear (in 
each case, or as otherwise specified in the relevant Final 
Terms). 
Hedging 
The Issuer is required to enter into hedging transactions in 
accordance with, and to the extent required by, an agreed 
hedging policy. (See Chapter 6 “Financing Structure” under 
“Additional Resources Available”.) 
Denominations 
Definitive Bonds issued after the date of this Prospectus will be 
in such denominations as may be specified in the relevant Final 
Terms, save that in the case of any Bonds which are to be 
admitted to trading on a regulated market within the EEA or 
offered to the public in a Member State of the EEA in 
circumstances which require the publication of a prospectus 
under the EU Prospectus Regulation, the minimum specified 
denomination shall be €100,000 (or its equivalent in any other 
currency as at the date of issue of the Bonds). 
Authorised Loan Facilities 
Subject to certain conditions being met, the Issuer and/or DCC 
are permitted to incur indebtedness under authorised loan 
facilities (each an “Authorised Loan Facility”) with an 
Authorised Lender (as defined below), providing revolving 
working capital and capital expenditure facilities. 
Authorised Loan Facilities available to DCC will be subject to 
a cap of £50,000,000 (as indexed) provided that the drawings 
by DCC from time to time under its Authorised Loan Facilities 
and the Overdraft Facility (as defined below) do not in the 
aggregate exceed £50,000,000 (as indexed). As at 30 September 
2020, the indexed value of the cap was £84,472,000, enabling 
DCC to maintain the (unutilised) Overdraft Facility and an 
Authorised Loan Facility with KfW IPEX-Bank GmbH. Further 
lending to DCC, in the form of Finance Leases and Authorised 
Loan Facilities from the European Investment Bank, which sits 
outside the indexed cap, has been specifically approved on a 
case-by-case basis by the relevant majority of the Secured 
Creditors and the DCC Security Trustee by way of a STID 
Proposal. 
Subject to certain conditions being met, the Issuer and/or DCC 
will be permitted to incur further indebtedness under further 
Authorised Loan Facilities. (See Chapter 6 “Financing 
Structure” under “Summary of Finance Documents” for further

--- Page 19 ---
19 
details.) 
Initial Liquidity Facility 
The Initial Liquidity Facility Provider (being The Royal Bank 
of Scotland Plc) made available, on the Initial Issue Date, to the 
Issuer a revolving 364-day credit facility for the purpose of 
meeting certain shortfalls in revenues: (i) for the Issuer to meet 
its obligations to pay interest on the Class A Bonds, Class B 
Bonds, Class R Bonds and Class C Bonds (subject to certain 
limits in respect of the Class C Bonds) issued; (ii) for the Issuer 
or DCC, as the case may be, to make interest payments under 
Authorised Loan Facilities; or (iii) for DCC to make notional 
interest payments under the Finance Leases (see Chapter 6 
“Financing Structure” under “Summary of Finance Documents” 
- “Intercompany Loan Agreements”).  
The Initial Liquidity Facility Agreement terminated on 13 April 
2011 and the Issuer entered into a liquidity facility agreement 
dated 13 April 2011 with the Further Liquidity Facility 
Providers (as defined below) on substantially the same terms as 
the Initial Liquidity Facility Agreement (the “Second Liquidity 
Facility Agreement”). 
The 
Second 
Liquidity 
Facility 
Agreement terminated on 2 April 2019.  
Further Liquidity Facility 
The Issuer entered into a liquidity facility agreement dated 29 
March 2019 with each of Assured Guaranty UK Limited 
(formerly Assured Guaranty (Europe) Plc) (“AGUK”) and 
Assured Guaranty Municipal Corp. (“AGM”) (each, an “AG 
Liquidity Facility Agreement”) pursuant to which AGUK and 
AGM agreed to unconditionally and irrevocably guarantee to 
DCC during the term of the facility their relevant proportion 
(being 15 per cent. by AGUK (the “AGE Proportion”) and 85 
per cent. by AGM (the “AGM Proportion”)) of the relevant 
Shortfall Amount. AGM has also agreed to provide a guarantee 
in favour of DCC of the AGUK Proportion to the extent that 
AGUK fails to pay the AGUK Proportion when due. 
A revolving liquidity facility agreement was made available to 
the Issuer by one or more banks or financial institutions 
(including AGUK and AGM pursuant to the AG Liquidity 
Facility Agreements) (which may or may not be the Further 
Liquidity Facility Providers, and together with the Further 
Liquidity Facility Providers, each a “Liquidity Facility 
Provider”) other than the Initial Liquidity Facility Agreement, 
the Second Liquidity Facility Agreement or the AG Liquidity 
Facility Agreements. 
Taxation 
Payments in respect of Bonds or under the relevant Financial 
Guarantee will be made without withholding or deduction for, 
or on account of, any present or future taxes, duties or charges 
of whatever nature, unless and save to the extent that the 
withholding or deduction of such taxes, duties or charges is 
required 
by 
applicable 
law 
(see 
Chapter 
8 
“Tax 
Considerations”). In that event and to that extent, the Issuer 
and, to the extent there is a claim under the relevant Financial

--- Page 20 ---
20 
Guarantee, the relevant Financial Guarantor will make 
payments subject to the appropriate withholding or deduction. 
No additional amounts will be paid by the Issuer or, to the 
extent there is a claim under the relevant Financial Guarantee, 
by the relevant Financial Guarantor in respect of any 
withholdings or deductions. 
Investor information 
DCC is required to produce an investors’ report (the 
“Investors’ Report”) within 90 days of 31 March and within 
60 days of 30 September (each a “half-year-end” and each 
period from but not including a half-year-end to and including 
the next half-year-end, a “half-year”). Such Investors’ Report 
includes, inter alia: (i) a general overview of DCC for the 
previous half-year; (ii) a consolidated cashflow statement of the 
Glas Group (as defined below); (iii) a statement of consolidated 
debt service payments of the Glas Group; (iv) a principal 
reconciliation for the Bonds in issue and other indebtedness of 
the Glas Group; (v) a reconciliation of movements in the bank 
accounts of the Glas Group; (vi) the calculations of ICR and 
RAR (each as defined below) for the then current financial year 
and forecast to the end of the then current price determination 
period; (vii) an unaudited consolidated profit and loss account 
of the Glas Group for the half-year then ended; and (viii) an 
unaudited consolidated balance sheet as at the end of the then 
current half-year. 
 
Each such Investors’ Report is required to be made available by 
DCC to the DCC Secured Creditors and Issuer Secured 
Creditors (both defined below), including the Bondholders. 
DCC will also be required to make available unaudited interim 
accounts and audited annual accounts, within 90 days of 30 
September and 180 days of 31 March, respectively. DCC also 
places certain additional information on Dŵr Cymru Welsh 
Water’s website (http://www.dwrcymru.com/), as and when 
available. This includes, inter alia, the most recently published: 
(i) Annual Performance Report– Summary Report setting out a 
summary of DCC’s annual performance; (ii) DCC’s annual 
charges scheme, with details of tariffs; (iii) business plan 
submission for the latest periodic review; (iv) DCC’s codes of 
practice; (v)various assurance framework documents; (vi) 
DCC’s environmental information; and (vii) audited annual 
accounts and unaudited interim accounts of the Glas Group (as 
defined below) on a consolidated basis. (See Chapter 7 “Terms 
and Conditions of the Bonds”.) 
Governing Law 
The Bonds, all Issuer Transaction Documents and DCC 
Transaction Documents (each as defined below) and all non-
contractual obligations arising out of or in connection therewith 
are governed by, and construed in accordance with, the laws of 
England and Wales. 
Listing and admission to trading 
The Bonds issued on the Initial Issue Date, the Second Issue 
Date, the Third Issue Date, the Fourth Issue Date, the Fifth

--- Page 21 ---
21 
Issue Date, the Sixth Issue Date, the Seventh Issue Date and the 
Eighth Issue Date under the Programme have been admitted to 
Official List of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange and have been 
admitted to trading on the Luxembourg Stock Exchange 
Regulated Market and an application will be made to list any 
future Bonds issued under the Programme on the Official List 
of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange and to admit them to 
trading on the Luxembourg Stock Exchange Regulated Market. 
For the avoidance of doubt, any reference to Bonds being 
“listed” shall mean that such Bonds have been admitted to the 
Official List of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange and have been 
admitted to trading on the Luxembourg Stock Exchange 
Regulated Market. For the avoidance of doubt, the Initial Issue 
Date, Second Issue Date, Third Issue Date, Fourth Issue Date, 
Fifth Issue Date, Sixth Issue Date, the Seventh Issue Date and 
the Eighth Issue Date and the Bonds listed on such Issue Dates 
are for informational purposes only. 
Terms and Conditions 
A Final Terms will be prepared in respect of each Sub Class of 
Bonds including further fungible issues of an existing Sub-
Class. A copy of the Final Terms has been or will be delivered 
to the Luxembourg Stock Exchange on or before the Issue Date 
of such Bonds. The terms and conditions (the “Conditions”) 
applicable to each such Sub-Class are those set out in Chapter 7 
“Terms and Conditions of the Bonds”, as amended, 
supplemented, varied or replaced by the relevant Final Terms. 
Clearing Systems 
Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg and/or any other 
relevant clearing system as may be agreed between the Issuer 
and the relevant Dealers (as specified in the relevant Final 
Terms). 
Selling Restrictions 
For a description of certain restrictions on offers, sales and 
deliveries of Bonds and on the distribution of offering material 
in relation to the Bonds, see Chapter 10 “Subscription and 
Sale”.

--- Page 22 ---
22 
CHAPTER 2 
RISK FACTORS  
The Issuer believes that the following factors may affect its ability to fulfil its obligations under the Bonds 
issued under the Programme. All of these factors are contingencies which may or may not occur. 
Factors which the Issuer believes may be material for the purpose of assessing the market risks associated 
with Bonds issued under the Programme are also described below. The occurrence of certain events below 
could lead to, amongst other things, one of more of the following: 
(i) 
a DCC Event of Default under an Intercompany Loan Agreement (as defined below); 
(ii) 
an Issuer Event of Default under the Bonds or acceleration of the Bonds (as defined below); 
(iii) 
non-payment in respect of the Class B Bonds, Class R Bonds, Class C Bonds or Class D Bonds; 
(iv) 
non-payment in respect of the Class A Bonds if, additionally, the relevant Financial Guarantor were to 
default on its obligations under any Financial Guarantee; and 
(v) 
non-payment in respect of unguaranteed amounts under the Class A Bonds. 
The Issuer believes that the factors described below represent the principal risks inherent in investing in 
Bonds issued under the Programme, but the inability of the Issuer to pay interest, principal or other amounts 
on or in connection with any Bonds may occur for other reasons and the Issuer does not represent that the 
statements below regarding the risks of holding any Bonds are exhaustive and prospective Bondholders 
should read the detailed information set out elsewhere in this document prior to making any investment 
decision. Further, any prospective Bondholder should take their own legal, financial, accounting, tax and 
other relevant advice as to the structure and viability of their investment. 
While the various structural elements described in this document are intended to lessen some of these risks for 
holders of the Bonds, there can be no assurance that these measures will ensure that the holders of the Bonds 
of any Sub-Class receive payment of interest or repayment of principal from the Issuer in respect of such 
Bonds, or from a Financial Guarantor in respect of the Class A Bonds, on a timely basis or at all. 
Defined terms have the meanings given elsewhere in this Prospectus.  
In this Prospectus, any operational performance figures that are financial measures and are not disclosed in 
the financial statements incorporated by reference herein will need to be disclosed as alternative performance 
measures. Unless specifically disclosed as such, in the Issuer’s and DCC’s view, no operational performance 
figures provided herein are financial measures and as such are not alternative performance measures.  
1 
Risks relating to DCC and its business 
See Chapter 5 “Water Regulation” 
The water industry is subject to extensive legal and regulatory controls, and DCC must comply with all 
applicable laws, licence obligations, regulations and regulatory standards. The application of these laws, 
licence obligations, regulations and regulatory standards and the policies of the Water Services 
Regulation Authority (the “WSRA”) could have a material adverse effect on the operations and financial 
condition of DCC. 
The WSRA is the successor to the Director General of Water Services (“DGWS”) and is also commonly 
referred to as “Ofwat” (see Chapter 5 “Water Regulation” under “Regulatory Framework” and “The 
WSRA and the Secretary of State”). The WSRA has a duty to exercise its powers in accordance with the 
provisions of the UK Water Industry Act 1991 (the “WIA”) which itself has been substantially amended 
by the Water Industry Act 1999, the Water Act 2003, the Flood and Water Management Act 2010, the 
Water Act 2014, the Wales Act 2017 and to a lesser extent various other statutory provisions. This

--- Page 23 ---
23 
includes a duty to ensure that an efficient company is able to finance appropriately the carrying out of its 
functions. As with any Undertaker (as defined below), no assurance can be given that the laws, licence 
obligations, regulations, regulatory standards or policies will not change in a manner that could 
adversely affect the operations of DCC. 
The revenues generated by DCC from its water and sewerage business may not be sufficient to enable it 
to make full and timely payment of amounts due under, inter alia, the Intercompany Loan Agreements. 
The regulatory, legislative and political risks which could adversely affect the revenues of DCC, as well 
as other potential events which could result in DCC having insufficient revenues to meet its financing 
obligations include: 
Regulatory Risks 
1.1 
Termination of the Appointment 
See Chapter 5 “Water Regulation” under “Variation and Termination of an Appointment” and 
“Special Administration Orders”. 
Under Condition O of DCC’s Instrument of Appointment, DCC’s appointment (the 
“Appointment”) may be terminated following the giving of notice by the Welsh Ministers of at 
least 25 years. 
DCC’s Appointment may also be transferred from DCC at any time following the making of a 
special administration order. See Chapter 5 “Water Regulation” under “Special Administration 
Orders” for further details on the circumstances under which the WSRA or the Welsh Ministers 
may make a Special Administration Order. 
1.2 
Financial Penalties 
See Chapter 5 “Water Regulation” under “Enforcement Orders”, “Measures of Success and 
Outcome Delivery Incentives”, and “PR19 Final Determination”. 
The WIA provides the WSRA, the Secretary of State for the Environment, Food and Rural Affairs 
(the “Secretary of State”) and the Welsh Government (the “Welsh Government”) (previously 
known as the Welsh Assembly Government) with the power to impose financial penalties on an 
Undertaker for contraventions of its Conditions of Appointment (as defined below) and statutory 
or other requirements, including performance standards. Penalties may be as high as 10 per cent. 
of an Undertaker’s turnover, but they must be reasonable in light of the circumstances of each 
case. Each of the above enforcement authorities is required to publish a statement of policy on the 
imposition of penalties, and to have regard to that statement when implementing the provisions. 
In addition, under the WSRA’s current approach to price controls, DCC will be subject to 
financial penalties if performance on certain measures falls short of targets. The WSRA’s final 
determination of price controls for 2020-2025 (the “FD”) includes potential financial penalties 
that could exceed £50 million per annum. 
1.3 
Modifications of Conditions of Appointment 
See Chapter 5 “Water Regulation” under “Variation and Termination of an Appointment”. 
DCC operates in accordance with its Instrument of Appointment.  
Under the WIA, the conditions of DCC’s Appointment as an Undertaker (as defined below) may 
be modified by the WSRA with the consent of DCC. If the WSRA and DCC cannot agree to the 
modifications, the conditions may be modified by the WSRA without the consent of DCC 
following a referral of the proposed modifications to the Competition and Markets Authority

--- Page 24 ---
24 
(“CMA”). Modifications could also result from a decision on a merger or market investigation 
reference by the CMA. 
The Welsh Government has the power to veto certain proposed modifications agreed by the 
WSRA and DCC and other proposed modifications which have been agreed by the WSRA and 
DCC may be referred by it for consideration by the CMA.  
The area of appointment of DCC can also be varied following an application by a third party for a 
so-called “inset” appointment in relation to a previously unserved development or large site.  
1.4 
Regulatory Changes to Increase Competition in the Water Industry  
See Chapter 5 “Water Regulation” under “The Water Supply Licensing Regime” and “Competition 
in the Water Industry”. 
On 1 December 2005 provisions came into effect intended to create a new framework for 
competition in water supply for non-household customers, under which water supply licences can 
be obtained by entrants wishing to use Undertakers’ common carriage to transport water to 
customers (see Chapter 5 “Water Regulation” under “The Water Supply and Sewerage Licensing 
Regime” for further details on common carriage) or wishing to purchase wholesale water from 
Undertakers to “retail” to customers. The framework also now includes a requirement on 
Undertakers to charge entrants for common carriage and wholesale services in accordance with 
rules which are to be made by the WSRA in accordance with guidance from the Welsh 
Government. DCC may lose customers to new market entrants and suffer reductions in revenue 
as a result. The market is currently limited in DCC’s area to water supply customers using in 
excess of 50 megalitres of water per annum. It does not extend to wastewater services. DCC 
estimates that it has approximately 126 sites in the market which are occupied by 100 different 
customers. These sites generated £23 million of revenues for the financial year ended 31 March 
2020, which represented 3 per cent. of DCC's overall revenue. Of these customers, four 
customers (occupying six sites) have chosen a different retailer for their supply of water to date. 
The 2014 Water Act modified the WIA so as to extend the scope of the water supply licensing 
regime in the areas of Undertakers that are wholly or mainly in England. As a result, since 1 April 
2017 all non-household customers of companies with supply areas wholly or mainly in England 
have been able to switch their retail supplier for both water supply and wastewater services. The 
legislation gave the Welsh Government the power to commence in the areas of Undertakers that 
are wholly or mainly in Wales the wider provisions for retail competition that are already in effect 
for Undertakers whose areas are wholly or mainly in England. The Welsh Government has to date 
indicated that it has no intention of putting this more extensive regime in place. 
The Wales Act 2017 removes the jurisdiction of the Welsh Government over the parts of DCC’s 
supply area that are situated in England. As a result, from a future date yet to be determined, it is 
anticipated that around 13,000 non-household sites in the English parts of DCC’s supply area will 
become eligible to choose their retail supplier, not just for water supply but for wastewater as 
well. Currently, the Department for the Environment, Food and Rural Affairs (“DEFRA”) has not 
indicated a date for when the relevant provisions of the Wales Act 2017 are likely to come into 
force. 
1.5 
Competition Act 1998 and Enterprise Act 2002 
The UK Competition Act 1998 (the “Competition Act”) contains prohibitions relating to anti-
competitive agreements and conduct and powers of investigation and enforcement (see Chapter 5 
“Water Regulation” under “Competition in the Water Industry”). These powers include powers 
for the WSRA to enforce directions bringing an infringement to an end and to impose fines of up 
to 10 per cent. of the relevant Undertaker's most recent financial year's turnover.

--- Page 25 ---
25 
The Enterprise Act 2002 (the “Enterprise Act”) adds further remedies for breach of competition 
law. The Enterprise Act contains criminal sanctions, including the possibility of imprisonment of 
individuals who have been involved in certain cartels and disqualification for directors involved 
in breach of competition laws. Consumer groups are now able to bring actions on behalf of 
customers (including for damages). 
1.6 
Price Reviews 
See Chapter 4 "DCC, the Issuer, the Glas Group and Glas Holdings” and Chapter 5 “Water 
Regulation” under “Economic Regulation”. 
Periodic reviews of price controls are generally carried out at five-yearly intervals by the WSRA. 
There is no assurance that price controls will generate sufficient revenues to enable DCC to carry 
out its functions. Although the methodology introduced in the 1994 review – in particular the 
derivation of the Regulatory Asset Value (“RAV”) as the measure of capital to be remunerated – 
was also applied with modifications in the 1999, 2004, 2009, 2014 and 2019 reviews, there are no 
requirements on the WSRA to apply the same or a similar methodology in future reviews. 
To arrive at their conclusions, the WSRA makes estimates of the scope for operating and capital 
cost efficiencies using a wide range of comparative techniques. Judgements are also applied in 
estimating the sector cost of capital and in determining whether or not to make allowance for 
some or all of the “embedded” costs of fixed rate debt.  
If an Undertaker disputes the WSRA’s price determination, it can require the WSRA to refer it to 
the CMA. 
As described in Chapter 5 “Water Regulation” under “Interim Determinations of Price Controls”, 
Interim Determinations (as defined below) may be made between periodic reviews in specified 
circumstances set out in DCC’s Conditions of Appointment (as defined below). In contrast to 
periodic reviews, the methodology to be applied for Interim Determinations is set out in detail in 
DCC’s Conditions of Appointment and the scope for discretion is narrower. There can, however, 
be no assurance that if an adjustment is made it will provide adequate revenue compensation to 
DCC, or that any expenditures for which compensation has not yet been provided in full by the 
end of the five-year period will be allowed for in full at the subsequent periodic review. 
As part of implementing the Glas Group whole business securitisation structure in 2001, the Glas 
Group raised the majority of its financing in the bond market. Pricing for these bonds, which was 
competitive at that time, resulted in a large proportion (approximately 42 per cent.) of the debt 
being raised at a fixed rate. Consequently, the Glas Group currently has a higher level of 
embedded debt costs than most other Undertakers operating in the UK.   
The WSRA has stated that it assesses the cost of debt at price reviews on the basis of a 
hypothetical efficiently-financed company. According to the WSRA, such a company would be 
one that retains the flexibility to respond to changing market conditions, and holds a balanced 
portfolio of debt. There is no guarantee, therefore, that at a future price review process, allowance 
would be made for the costs of then existing fixed rate debt if forward-looking rates at the time 
were lower. However, the WSRA has also stated that it will use the same weighted average cost 
of capital to determine allowable returns for DCC as is applied to the rest of the sector. Any 
unfunded costs associated with fixed rate debt would therefore be offset to a greater or lesser 
extent by the fact that DCC’s allowable return would include the assumed cost of equity applied 
to that portion of its RAV on which its financing costs are effectively zero by virtue of the fact 
that it has no shareholders. 
1.7 
Operation and Capital Cost Considerations

--- Page 26 ---
26 
See Chapter 5 “Water Regulation” under “Economic Regulation”. 
The price controls determined by the WSRA are based on assessments of total expenditure 
(“Totex”) requirements (i.e the sum of operating expenditure and capital expenditure). The Totex 
assessment is ultimately a judgment that has to be made by the WSRA and there is therefore no 
guarantee that DCC will be able to operate or complete its capital programme and meet the 
required performance targets within the costs allowed by the WSRA. In the FD for the current 
price control period (2020-2025) the WSRA assessed DCC’s operating and capital costs at 
around 6 per cent. below the levels proposed by the company in its August 2019 business plan 
submission (the “August 2019 Business Plan”), and set a number of performance targets at 
levels that are more stretching than those proposed by the company. Specific examples of cost 
constraints include expenditure to fund capital projects designed to enhance service and 
environmental performance and improve resilience. In addition, the retail price controls are not 
indexed, so DCC has to manage the effects of input cost inflation.  
1.8 
Indexation and Deflation Risk 
See Chapter 5 “Water Regulation” under “Economic Regulation - PR19 Final Determination”.  
The WSRA decided to move away from RPI in price controls from 1 April 2020 and to adopt the 
CPIH measure instead.  
Approximately 70 per cent. of DCC’s outstanding debt is linked to RPI. The mismatch following 
the change to CPIH and the full transition to that measure which is anticipated could lead to DCC 
not having sufficient resources to make payments of interest and principal in particular on those 
instruments which are linked to RPI. In addition, the transition to CPIH could have financial risks 
for DCC in terms of RAV and revenue growth. 
In addition, since a significant portion of DCC’s outstanding debt is not index-linked, a prolonged 
period of CPIH deflation could therefore reduce the cash flows available to DCC to meet its 
obligations under its Bonds, and lead to an increase in gearing. 
1.9 
Direct Procurement for Customers 
See Chapter 5 “Water Regulation” under “Economic Regulation”.  
As part of the 2019 FD the WSRA introduced a new framework, Direct Procurement for 
Customers (“DPC”) for the delivery of specified large projects using a framework designed to 
ensure value for money for customers. Undertakers would be required to procure design 
construction, financing and potentially the operation and maintenance of such projects through 
long term contracts with third parties following a competitive process, and the payments made 
under the contracts would be recovered from customers separately from the standard charges that 
are covered by price controls. DCC is required to procure its proposed Cwm Taf water treatment 
works through DPC. The WSRA has implemented a number of modifications to DCC’s 
Conditions of Appointment to give effect to DPC (see Chapter 4 under “Regulation”). There can 
be no assurance that the costs incurred by DCC in connection with a DPC contract with a third 
party will be recovered in full from customers. 
Political, Policy and Other Legislative Risks 
1.10 Renationalisation 
See Chapter 4 “DCC, the Issuer, the Glas Group and Glas Holdings” under “DCC – Political and 
Other Developments”.  
During the course of the 2017 and 2019 UK General Election campaigns, the Labour Party 
indicated that if elected it would bring the delivery of water and wastewater services in England

--- Page 27 ---
27 
back into public ownership. At the 2019 Labour Party conference it was reported that legislation 
had already been drafted to achieve this. It was previously reported that this plan did not extend 
to the delivery of such services in Wales. However, if elected in the future, there can be no 
guarantee that a Labour government would not seek to re-nationalise DCC, which could 
adversely affect the servicing and repayment of the interest and principal due on the Bonds and 
might have implications for the continued inclusion in DCC’s area of appointment of those parts 
of DCC’s supply area situated in England. 
1.11 The UK’s exit from the European Union (the “EU”) 
Following the termination of the UK’s membership of the European Union on 31 January 2020 
and the ensuing 11-month transition period during which it continued to be bound by EU rules 
and remained a member of the single market and customs union, a new EU-UK Trade and Co-
operation Agreement (the “Trade and Cooperation Agreement”) came into provisional effect 
on 1 January 2021. 
However, the Trade and Cooperation Agreement remains subject to certain formalities, including 
ratification by the European Parliament, and there remain a number of additional uncertainties in 
connection with the relationship between the UK and the EU which could adversely affect the 
business of DCC. These include the recent creation of the UK Reach regime (the Registration, 
Evaluation, Authorisation and Restriction of Chemicals) which covers the registration and storage 
of chemicals used in the production of drinking water and treatment of wastewater, and the 
potential for disruption at ports due to the introduction of new customs practices impacting 
chemicals and water pipework repair materials. However, in anticipation of possible disruption 
DCC has been stockpiling 12 weeks’ worth of supplies of the most essential pipe materials and 8 
weeks’ worth of chemicals stocks. Through Water UK, DCC has participated in UK-wide 
initiatives in coordination with the UK government (through its “Project Defend” initiative) to 
ensure that any disruption as a result of the new relationship is minimised. 
In addition, historically DCC has accessed funding from Europe-based investors and institutions, 
including, by way of example, the European Investment Bank. DCC may find it more difficult to 
access funding from such investors and institutions now and in the future, which could have a 
negative impact on DCC’s ability to fund its activities and on the cost of that funding. 
1.12 Corporation Tax 
There is a risk that change in tax law or practice may give rise to an increase in corporation tax 
liabilities in AMP7 which is not funded through the price controls determined by the WSRA 
pursuant to the Conditions of Appointment. However, DCC has significant capital allowances 
pools, together with future capital allowances which are expected to become available as DCC 
incurs future capital expenditure, and therefore does not currently foresee paying corporation tax 
on trading profits in AMP7, subject to there being no changes in tax law or practice. In addition, 
the WSRA has stated that the tax allowances made as part of the FD will be adjusted for changes 
in corporation tax or capital allowance rates that are enacted after the FD was made. 
Financing Risks 
1.13 Operating and Capital Cost Consideration 
See Chapter 5 “Water Regulation” under “Economic Regulation”  
Operating and capital costs are subject to a number of operating and environmental risks. In 
particular:

--- Page 28 ---
28 
(a) 
DCC is at risk from the effects of extreme weather events, with prolonged periods of rainfall, 
excessively low temperatures or drought all potentially having a significant impact on service or 
supply capabilities; 
(b) 
Catastrophic events such as dam bursts, fires, earthquakes, floods, droughts, terrorist attacks, 
diseases, plant failure or other similar events could result in personal injury, loss of life, pollution 
or environmental damage, severe damage or destruction of DCC’s water or sewage treatment 
works, pumping stations, water mains, sewers or service pipes. Any resulting suspension of 
operations of DCC or any of its facilities could have a material adverse effect on the ability of 
DCC to meet its financing obligations and/or on DCC’s reputation. Although the Common Terms 
Agreement (see section “Common Terms Agreement” under “Summary of Finance Documents”) 
requires DCC to maintain insurance (including business interruption insurance) to protect against 
certain of these risks, the proceeds of such insurance may not be adequate to cover reduced 
revenues, increased expenses or other losses, damage or liabilities arising from the occurrence of 
any of the events described above. Moreover, there can be no assurance that such insurance 
coverage will be available in the future; and 
(c) 
The increased use of online communications and information technology systems within DCC 
requires enhanced protection of both internal and customer information from unauthorised 
disclosure and improper use, especially as the sophistication of hackers continues to increase 
resulting in an increased risk of cyber attack. Any failure to adequately protect DCC’s 
information technology systems or any failure of DCC’s systems in respect of the security, 
governance and control of internal and customer information may lead to increased costs of 
operation, reputational damage, regulatory penalties and civil damages (including as a result of 
losses of sensitive information or breaches of the Data Protection Act 2018 or the UK General 
Data Protection Regulation. DCC is also subject to the Network and Information Systems 
Regulations 2018 which apply legally enforceable security standards to operators of essential 
services and digital services, such as utility companies. 
Operational Risks 
1.14 Covid-19 Pandemic 
On 11 March 2020, the World Health Organization declared the outbreak of a strain of novel 
coronavirus disease, Covid-19, a global pandemic. Governments in affected areas have imposed a 
number of measures designed to contain the outbreak, including but not limited to business 
closures, restrictions on non-essential business activity, travel restrictions, quarantines and 
cancellations of gatherings and events. 
The ongoing pandemic has had a material impact on DCC’s operations and its finances (See 
Chapter 4 "DCC, the Issuer, the Glas Group and Glas Holdings” under “Political and Other 
Developments”). Over 2,000 employees moved from office-based working to home working over 
the course of a few weeks in March and April 2020. Operational practices and procedures were 
quickly amended to ensure strict health and safety protocols for those continuing to work on the 
front line. Measures were put in place to provide temporary assistance to certain groups of 
customers significantly affected. In general, the pandemic has not had a material impact on 
DCC’s service levels. However, in the first six months of 2020-21 an estimated £16.8 million of 
exceptional costs attributable to Covid-19 were incurred, including an additional £7.4 million of 
bad debt charges.  
The long-term impact of Covid-19 on DCC’s operations and finances is uncertain and cannot be 
predicted accurately. The extent of any adverse impact on DCC’s operations will depend on the 
duration, extent and severity of the pandemic. DCC continually assesses the impact of Covid-19 
and monitors the rapidly changing situation.

--- Page 29 ---
29 
1.15 Environmental Considerations 
See Chapter 5 “Water Regulation” under “Water Regulation Generally”. 
DCC’s water supply and sewerage operations are subject to a number of laws and regulations 
relating to the protection of the environment and human health. DCC is also subject to the 
requirements of health and safety legislation with responsibility for both DCC employees and 
others. 
Whilst DCC believes that it is in material compliance with all such laws and regulations as 
currently interpreted, there can be no assurance that it will not in future incur significant costs to 
comply with upgrading requirements imposed under existing or future laws and regulations. 
Although the costs of such changes in legal requirements are eligible for the purposes of the 
Interim Determination provisions, subject to a materiality threshold, there can be no certainty as 
to how and whether future laws and regulation will impact the business of DCC and/or the 
interests of the Bondholders. 
Given the nature of DCC’s operations there is a risk that pollution incidents, drinking water 
problems or health and safety issues may occur, the possible consequences of which may be 
criminal prosecution leading to the imposition of penalties on DCC and/or civil liability in 
damages to third parties and/or a requirement to clean up any contamination and/or an operational 
requirement to upgrade plant and equipment. The imposition of penalties, civil liability, clean up 
costs or upgrade may materially and adversely affect the financial position of DCC. Any such 
incidents may also give rise to breaches of any operational environmental permits held by DCC. 
There is also a risk that DCC may incur liability to clean up contamination caused by historical 
activities at its sites, whether or not DCC caused the contamination in question. The costs of 
cleaning up contamination of land and/or water may be significant. 
DCC has been subject to prosecutions from time to time including a prosecution by Natural 
Resources Wales (“NRW”) for a breach of the Environmental Permitting (England and Wales) 
Regulations 2016 (the “EPR”) and the Salmon and Freshwater Fisheries Act 1975: there were 
two charges which arose out of an incident which occurred on 23 July 2018, this involved a 
discharge of lime slurry into the River Lliw. At a hearing on 30 July 2019, DCC was fined 
£40,000 plus costs. DCC was prosecuted for one offence under Regulations 12 and 38 of the EPR 
which occurred at Penley on 9 July 2018 when a fractured sewer caused a sewage discharge to 
the Emral Brook. Hot weather had caused the ground around the rising main to dry out to such an 
extent that it caused the pipe to fracture. It occurred in a remote location and no environmental 
harm was caused. The main was repaired as soon as DCC became aware of the fracture. At a 
hearing on 13 February 2020 DCC was fined £40,000 plus costs. NRW has also indicated that it 
intends to prosecute for a breach of the EPR at Five Fords Wastewater Treatment Works, 
Wrexham, which occurred on 3 September 2018. There is no guarantee that DCC will not be 
subject to similar or other prosecutions in the future. 
None of the companies in the Glas Group is currently subject to any litigation which is 
considered to be material. DCC is defending four separate claims brought by groups comprising 
individuals and entities operating personal search businesses. The claims are for the repayment of 
charges received for drainage and water searches, on the basis that these charges were allegedly 
levied contrary to the Environmental Information Regulations. The collective quantum of the first 
three claims is £9.9 million, however DCC has been notified by the claimants that this figure is to 
be revised down to £4.3 million (as it is accepted that limitation prevents the claimants from 
recovering all of the charges claimed). The quantum of the recently served fourth claim is 
£121,000 and DCC is in the process of preparing its defence to the same. It is anticipated that the 
four claims will be progressed together, or consolidated, but the court is yet to issue substantive

--- Page 30 ---
30 
directions. At this stage, settlement is not deemed probable and so no provision has been 
recognised. 
1.16 Procurement Risk 
DCC is subject to the Utilities Contracts Regulations 2016 which require utilities to follow 
certain procedures when contracts over specified financial thresholds are proposed (currently 
£378,660 for services and £4,733,252 for works), to guarantee that the contract award procedure 
is carried out in a transparent and non-discriminatory manner by means of an advertising process 
in the “Find a Tender” procurement portal and the conduct of a competitive tendering procedure. 
Non-compliance with such regulations could result in contracts being declared ineffective and 
DCC becoming liable to damages claims from unsuccessful tenderers, as well as potential 
disruption and further costs to the operation of DCC’s business. DCC mitigates such risk through 
effective planning, and the use of comprehensive processes and procedures which regulate the 
conduct of procurement exercises. 
2 
Legal and financing risks relating to the Issuer 
2.1 
Ability to provide security 
See Chapter 6 “Financing Structure” under “Security”. 
DCC’s ability to provide security for its obligations (including its obligations to the Issuer under 
the Intercompany Loan Agreements), and the ability to perfect and enforce such security, are each 
limited by its Conditions of Appointment, the requirements thereunder and the WIA. The vast 
majority of DCC’s assets by value is tangible property which is protected land and/or required for 
the operation of DCC’s business and therefore cannot be effectively secured. In particular, there is 
no right to block the appointment of a special administrator equivalent to the right of a holder of a 
floating charge over the whole or substantially the whole of the business of a non-Undertaker or 
to block the appointment of an administrator under UK insolvency legislation. 
There are also certain legal restrictions which arise under the WIA and the Conditions of 
Appointment affecting the enforcement of the DCC Security. For example, such enforcement is 
prohibited unless the person enforcing the security has first given 14 days’ notice to the WSRA or 
the Secretary of State. 
Accordingly, the security provided over the assets of DCC to the DCC Secured Creditors, and, 
therefore, the security available to be secured by the Issuer in favour of the Issuer Secured 
Creditors in respect of the Issuer’s obligations under the Bonds, affords significantly less 
protection to the DCC Secured Creditors, and hence the Issuer Secured Creditors, than would be 
the case if DCC were not an Undertaker subject to the WIA and the Conditions of Appointment. 
The considerations described above do not apply to the fixed and floating charges comprised in 
the Guarantor Security. The enforcement of security over the shares in Glas, Glas Securities, 
Holdings, the Issuer or DCC, would not be subject to the moratorium set out in the WIA nor 
would it be an event which would itself result in the making of the special administration order. 
However, it is anticipated that any intended enforcement directly or indirectly of the Guarantor 
Security or the security over, and subsequently any planned disposal of, the shares in DCC to the 
extent that such enforcement would amount to a relevant merger situation for the purpose of the 
Enterprise Act 2002, would require consultation with the WSRA and would be reviewable by the 
CMA. For the avoidance of doubt, the Guarantor Security secures, among others, the obligations 
and liabilities owed by DCC to the Issuer pursuant to each Intercompany Loan Agreement. Each 
Intercompany Loan Agreement directly contributes to the ability of the Issuer to make full and 
timely payment on the Bonds; and the Guarantor Security acts as credit support for these 
obligations.

--- Page 31 ---
31 
Notice of the creation of the DCC Security has not been given to DCC’s customers or to DCC’s 
contractual counterparties in respect of its contracts (other than certain material contracts). In 
addition, each charge over DCC’s land as purported to be granted took effect in equity only. 
Accordingly, until any such assignment is perfected, registration effected with HM Land Registry 
in respect of registered land or certain other action is taken in respect of unregistered land, any 
such assignment or charge may be or become subject to prior equities arising (such as rights of 
set off). 
2.2 
Special Administration 
See Chapter 5 “Water Regulation” under “Special Administration Orders” and Chapter 6 
“Financing Structure”. 
The WIA contains provisions enabling the Welsh Government and the WSRA to secure the 
general continuity of water supply by petitioning the Court for the appointment of a special 
administrator in certain circumstances (for example, including where DCC is unable, or is 
unlikely to be able, to pay its debts or is in breach of the terms of its legal obligations as an 
Undertaker.) Under the provisions of the Wales Act 2017, DEFRA may also have the power to 
petition for the appointment of a special administrator. In addition, in certain circumstances, a 
petition by a creditor of DCC to the Court for the winding up of DCC might result in the 
appointment of a special administrator. (See also Chapter 5 “Water Regulation” under “Special 
Administration Orders” for other circumstances in which a special administrator may be 
appointed.) 
During the period of the special administration order, DCC has to be managed by the special 
administrator for the purposes of the order and in a manner which protects the interests of 
members and creditors. Whilst the order is in force, no steps may be taken to enforce any security 
over DCC’s property except with the consent of the special administrator or the leave of the 
Court. A special administrator would be able to dispose of assets free of any floating charge 
existing in relation to them. On such a disposal, however, the proceeds would be treated as if 
subject to a floating charge which has the same priority as that afforded to the original security. A 
special administrator may not dispose of property which is the subject of a fixed charge without 
the agreement of the relevant creditor except under an order of the Court. On such a disposal, the 
disposal proceeds to which the chargee is entitled are determined by reference to “the best price 
which is reasonably available on a sale which is consistent with the purposes of the special 
administration order” as opposed to an amount not less than “open market value”, which would 
apply in an administration for a company which is not an Undertaker. 
Where the grounds for a special administration order are that a company is or is likely to be 
unable to pay its debts, the purpose of the order is to rescue the company as a going concern. To 
achieve this purpose, the special administrator may propose: (a) a company voluntary 
arrangement under Part 1 of the Insolvency Act 1986, or (b) a compromise or arrangement in 
accordance with Part 26 of the Companies Act 2006.  
If the special administrator thinks that it is not likely to be possible to rescue the company as a 
going concern, or that transfer is likely to secure more effective performance of the Undertaker’s 
functions, or the order has been made on any other grounds, the purposes of the order consist of: 
(i) 
transferring to one or more different Undertakers as much of the business of the 
Undertaker in special administration as is necessary in order to ensure that the functions 
which have been vested in such an Undertaker by virtue of its Appointment are properly 
carried out; and 
(ii) 
pending the transfer, the carrying out of those functions.

--- Page 32 ---
32 
Because of the statutory purposes of a Special Administration Order, it is not open to a special 
administrator to accept an offer to purchase the assets on a break-up basis in circumstances where 
the purchaser would be unable to properly carry out the relevant functions of an Undertaker. The 
transfer is effected by a transfer scheme which the special administrator puts in place, which may 
provide for the transfer of the property, rights and liabilities of the existing Undertaker to the new 
Undertaker(s) and may also provide for the transfer of the existing Undertaker’s Instrument of 
Appointment (with modifications as set out in the transfer scheme) to the new Undertaker(s). 
There can be no assurance that any transfer scheme in the context of a special administration 
regime could be achieved on terms that would enable creditors to recover amounts due to them in 
full. 
2.3 
Enforceability of payment priorities 
See Chapter 6 “Financing Structure” under “Issuer Cash Management”. 
The Issuer Post-Enforcement Payments Priorities contain a ‘flip clause’ (a provision which (based 
on contractual and/or trust principles) subordinates certain payment rights of a creditor to the 
payment rights of other creditors of its counterparty upon the occurrence of insolvency 
proceedings relating to that creditor) ensuring that the Current Issuer Hedge Counterparties, in the 
event of their insolvency, will rank behind the Bondholders and the other Issuer Secured 
Creditors. The validity of flip clauses has been tested and upheld in the U.K. and in the U.S. by 
the Supreme Court and Second Circuit Court of Appeals respectively, but there may remain 
uncertainty as to such validity in other jurisdictions.  
In general, if a ‘flip clause’ included in the Finance Documents was successfully challenged 
under the insolvency laws of any relevant jurisdiction outside England and Wales or the U.S. and 
any relevant foreign judgment or order was recognised by the English courts, there can be no 
assurance that such actions would not adversely affect the rights of the Bondholders, the market 
value of the Bonds and/or the ability of the Issuer to satisfy its obligations under the Bonds. 
2.4 
Future financing  
See Chapter 6 “Financing Structure”. 
The Issuer will need to raise further debt from time to time in order to finance future capital 
enhancements to DCC’s asset base, to refinance any other debt (including for liquidity or working 
capital purposes) the terms of which have become inefficient or which have a scheduled partial or 
final maturity prior to the final maturity of the Bonds and, on each Issuer Payment Date on which 
principal is required to be repaid, and on the Expected Maturity Date of the relevant Class of 
Bonds, to refinance the Bonds. Whilst the Issuer STID and other Issuer Transaction Documents 
contemplate the terms and conditions on, and circumstances under which, such additional debt 
can be raised, there can be no assurance that the Issuer will be able to raise sufficient funds, or 
funds at a suitable interest rate, or on suitable terms, at the requisite time such that all amounts 
then due and payable on the Bonds or any other maturing debt will be capable of being so paid 
when due. In these circumstances, funds will be applied by the Issuer in accordance with the 
Issuer Pre-Enforcement Payments Priorities or the Issuer Post-Enforcement Payments Priorities, 
as the case may be. 
Pursuant to the refinancing policy, no more than 20 per cent. of the principal of the total debt of 
the Glas Group is permitted to fall due within any 24-month period. The Glas Group’s maturity 
profile of debt is such that £2,805,000,000 out of its total debt of £4,102,000,000 falls due for 
redemption between 2021 and 2031. Although the Glas Group will take prudent steps to manage 
the refinancing of this debt, there can be no guarantee that suitable market conditions will exist at 
the time of the refinancings.

--- Page 33 ---
33 
2.5 
Termination of a hedging agreement 
See Chapter 6 “Financing Structure” under “Hedging Agreements”. 
The Issuer may be left exposed to unexpected interest rate risk or currency risk in the event that 
there is an early termination of a Hedging Agreement. A Hedging Agreement may be terminated 
in the circumstances set out in Chapter 6 “Financing Structure” under “Additional Resources 
Available” ― “Hedging Agreements”, including where the Hedge Counterparty or the Issuer is 
respectively required to gross up for payments of tax that have been required to be deducted or 
withheld by law, which requirement has not been able to be avoided, notwithstanding the Issuer 
and the Hedge Counterparty having used reasonable endeavours so to do. If a Hedging 
Agreement is terminated and the Issuer is unable to find a replacement Hedge Counterparty, then 
the funds available to the Issuer may be insufficient to meet fully its obligations under the Bonds, 
as a result of making any termination payment to the Hedge Counterparty, which payment will be 
in accordance with the Issuer Pre-Enforcement Payments Priorities or the Issuer Post-
Enforcement Payments Priorities as the case may be. (See Chapter 6 “Financing Structure” under 
“Issuer Cash Management”.) 
2.6 
Liquidity facilities 
See Chapter 6 “Financing Structure” under “The Liquidity Facilities”. 
Each Liquidity Facility Agreement is intended to cover shortfalls of interest on the Class A 
Bonds, Class B Bonds, Class R Bonds and (subject to certain limits) Class C Bonds, as well as 
scheduled interest payments on any Authorised Loan Facility and certain notional payments on 
the Finance Leases that arise on any Issuer Payment Date or DCC Payment Date, as the case may 
be, and certain payments ranking senior to such amounts. The Liquidity Facilities will not be 
available to meet any such shortfalls in respect of the Class D Bonds. However, on any such 
Issuer Payment Date, there are no assurances that any such shortfalls will be met in whole or in 
part by the Liquidity Facility Agreements, thereby having an effect on the payments to be made, 
inter alia, in respect of the Bonds. 
2.7 
Corporate structure 
See Chapter 4 “DCC, The Issuer, The Glas Group and Glas Holdings” under “The Issuer” and 
Chapter 6 “Financing Structure”. 
The Issuer is a special purpose financing entity with no business operations other than the 
issuance of the Bonds, the lending of the proceeds to DCC under the Intercompany Loan 
Agreements, the borrowing of loans from Authorised Lenders to the Issuer and the entry into 
certain ancillary arrangements. Other than the proceeds of the issuance of additional Series of 
Bonds, facilities available from the Liquidity Facility Providers, loans from the Authorised 
Lenders and funds available from the Hedge Counterparties, the Issuer’s principal source of funds 
will be pursuant to the Intercompany Loan Agreements and the DCC Security. Therefore, the 
Issuer is subject to all the risks relating to revenues to which DCC is subject, to the extent that 
such risks could limit funds available to DCC to enable it to satisfy in full and on a timely basis 
its obligations under the Intercompany Loan Agreements which, in turn, may have an adverse 
effect on the ability of the Issuer to make payment under the Bonds. 
Similarly, the ability of Bondholders to take certain actions against the Issuer or its assets (e.g. to 
enforce any of the Issuer Security) is restricted in accordance with the terms of the Issuer STID 
(see section entitled “Conflicts of interest between Bondholders” and Condition 12 (Recourse 
Against Issuer) for further details).

--- Page 34 ---
34 
As a company limited by guarantee, Glas Holdings operates on a not-for-shareholder dividend 
basis. Consequently, it does not have shareholders but, instead, has members who do not receive 
dividends and, other than their liability to pay £1 each on a winding up of the company, have no 
financial interest in the company. The lack of financial incentives on the members to ensure 
efficient management of DCC may mean that, in the absence of shareholders, there may be, to 
some extent, a risk of insufficient pressure on the management of DCC to perform to the standard 
expected of for-shareholder dividend companies. There is no evidence of such concern being 
realised to date and this risk is further mitigated by measures such as: (i) the terms of the 
Instrument of Appointment which are, inter alia, intended to ensure strict standards of corporate 
governance; (ii) the performance monitoring regime imposed by the WSRA and, in particular, the 
use by it of comparative tables of performance in respect of Undertakers; (iii) the board 
comprising a majority of suitably experienced, skilled, knowledgeable and independent non-
executive directors; (iv) the public adoption by Glas of a member selection policy implemented 
by an independent member selection panel; (v) remuneration incentives for senior management of 
DCC linked to the performance of DCC; and (vi) the monitoring of DCC provided under the 
DCC Transaction Documents. 
2.8 
Exercise and enforcement of the Issuer’s rights under, and consents and waivers in respect 
of, the DCC Transaction Documents and the Issuer Transaction Documents 
See Chapter 6 “Financing Structure” under “Summary of Intercreditor Arrangements” 
The right to instruct the Issuer Security Trustee, inter alia, to direct the exercise and enforcement 
of the Issuer’s rights under the DCC Transaction Documents and Issuer Transaction Documents 
and to give consents and waivers thereunder is restricted to the Issuer Instructing Group. Prior to 
a Default Situation, broadly, only the Financial Guarantors of Class A Bonds (for so long as there 
are Class A Bonds outstanding in respect of which no FG Event of Default has occurred in 
respect of the relevant Financial Guarantor and provided that amounts could still become payable 
by the Issuer to the relevant Financial Guarantor under the Issuer Transaction Documents) and 
any facility agent or single lender under an Authorised Loan Facility (for so long as the relevant 
loan amount remains outstanding) will be entitled to comprise the Issuer Instructing Group, 
provided that such Issuer Qualifying Debt Representatives have provided an indemnity on terms 
acceptable to the Issuer Security Trustee. The Issuer has covenanted in favour of the Issuer 
Security Trustee to use its reasonable endeavours to ensure that at all times it has an Issuer 
Qualifying Debt Representative which is a Financial Guarantor in order to ensure that the Issuer 
Security Trustee can be instructed and can take instructions in a timely manner. Accordingly, 
prior to a Default Situation and for so long as a Financial Guarantor comprises and remains 
entitled to comprise the Issuer Instructing Group, the Bondholders of all Sub-Classes will be 
bound by the actions of the Issuer Security Trustee taken on the instructions of the Issuer 
Instructing Group. In addition, in response to an Emergency Instruction Notice, the Bond Trustee 
or the Issuer Security Trustee, as the case may be, may be required to take certain action (as 
specified in such notice) without reference to the Bondholders (see Chapter 6 “Financing 
Structure” under “Summary of Intercreditor Arrangements”). 
In a Default Situation the holders of Class C Bonds and Class D Bonds shall not be entitled to be 
represented by the Bond Trustee in the Issuer Instructing Group where there is an Issuer 
Qualifying Debt Representative in respect of any Authorised Loan Facility, the Class A Bonds, 
the Class B Bonds and the Class R Bonds (and, in the case of holders of Class D Bonds, the Class 
C Bonds). 
Whatever the composition of the Issuer Instructing Group, any decision of the Issuer Instructing 
Group shall be effective and binding on all Intercreditor Parties at the Issuer level (including all 
Bondholders). However, no decision of the Issuer Instructing Group shall be effective to the

--- Page 35 ---
35 
extent that the matter on which the relevant vote or instruction has been given relates to a Basic 
Terms Modification of any Bonds or to certain entrenched rights and reserved matters of the 
Issuer Security Trustee or the other Issuer Secured Creditors (including the Bond Trustee). 
3 
Risks relating to the structure of particular Bonds which may be issued under the Programme 
3.1 
Sources of payments to Bondholders 
See Condition 3 (Status of Bonds and Financial Guarantee). 
Although the Class A Bonds have or will have the benefit of the relevant Financial Guarantees, 
none of the Bonds of any Class will be obligations or responsibilities of, nor will they be 
guaranteed by, any of the Other Parties or any member of the Glas Group (except the Guarantors 
in relation to DCC and the DCC Secured Liabilities (which include, amongst other things, the 
obligations and liabilities owed by DCC to the Issuer under each Intercompany Loan Agreement) 
but it should be noted in respect of the Guarantors that none of them own any significant assets 
other than their direct or indirect interest in the shares of DCC). None of these persons accepts 
any liability whatsoever in respect of any failure by the Issuer to make any payment of any 
amount due on the Bonds. 
In addition, a Financial Guarantor will guarantee to the relevant Class A Bondholders only the 
payment of scheduled principal and interest; it will not guarantee any amounts which may be 
accelerated or any additional amounts (including any Subordinated Coupon Amounts). 
3.2 
Classes of Bonds 
See Condition 3 (Status of Bonds and Financial Guarantee). 
The Class A Bonds, Class B Bonds and Class R Bonds (each of whatever Sub-Class) rank in 
priority to payments of principal and interest due on all Sub-Classes of the Class C Bonds. The 
Class A Bonds, Class B Bonds, Class R Bonds and Class C Bonds (each of whatever Sub-Class) 
rank in priority to payments of principal and interest due on all Sub-Classes of the Class D 
Bonds. 
If, on any Issuer Payment Date, prior to delivery of an enforcement notice there are insufficient 
funds available to the Issuer to pay accrued interest on the Class C Bonds and/or Class D Bonds, 
the Issuer’s liability to pay such accrued interest will be treated as not having fallen due and 
should be deferred until the earlier of (i) the next following Issuer Payment Date on which the 
Issuer has, in accordance with the Issuer Pre-Enforcement of Payments Priorities, sufficient funds 
available to pay such deferred amounts (including any interest accrued thereon); and (ii) the 
Issuer Payment Date of the last maturing Bond which ranks in priority to the Class C Bonds or 
the Class D Bonds, as the case may be. Interest will, however, accrue on such deferred interest. 
Notwithstanding the subordination of, and credit enhancement provided by, the Class C Bonds 
and Class D Bonds to the Class A Bonds, Class B Bonds and Class R Bonds and, additionally, by 
the Class D Bonds to the Class C Bonds, the Issuer may optionally redeem some or all of the 
Bonds subordinated and providing credit enhancement to other Classes of Bonds provided that 
the original issue ratings assigned by any two of the Rating Agencies rating the Bonds would not 
be adversely affected.  
As at the date of this Prospectus, there are no Class D Bonds outstanding, although the Issuer 
may still issue such bonds in the future should it choose to do so. 
3.3 
Regulation and reform of benchmarks could adversely affect any bonds linked to such 
benchmarks  
See Condition 6 (Interest and other Calculations).

--- Page 36 ---
36 
Reference rates and indices, including interest rate benchmarks, such as the euro interbank 
offered rate (“EURIBOR”) and the London interbank offered rate (“LIBOR”) , which are used 
to determine the amounts payable under financial instruments or the value of such financial 
instruments (“Benchmarks”) are the subject of ongoing reforms and changes. Some of these 
reforms are already effective while others are still to be implemented. These reforms and changes 
may cause a Benchmark to perform differently than it has done in the past or to be discontinued. 
Any change in the performance of a Benchmark or its discontinuation, could have a material 
adverse effect on any Bonds referencing or linked to such Benchmark. 
Changes to the administration of a Benchmark or the emergence of alternatives to a Benchmark, 
may cause such Benchmark to perform differently than in the past, or there could be other 
consequences which cannot be predicted. The discontinuation of a Benchmark or changes to its 
administration could require changes to the way in which the Interest Rate is calculated in respect 
of any Bonds referencing or linked to such Benchmark. The development of alternatives to a 
Benchmark may result in Bonds linked to or referencing such Benchmark performing differently 
than would otherwise have been the case if the alternatives to such Benchmark had not 
developed. Any such consequence could have a material adverse effect on the value of, and return 
on, any Bonds linked to or referencing such Benchmark. 
The EU Benchmarks Regulation applies, subject to certain transitional provisions, to the 
provision of Benchmarks, the contribution of input data to a Benchmark and the use of a 
Benchmark within the EU. Among other things, it (i) requires Benchmark administrators to be 
authorised or registered (or, if non-EU-based, to be subject to an equivalent regime or otherwise 
recognised or endorsed) and (ii) prevents certain uses by EU supervised entities of Benchmarks 
of administrators that are not authorised or registered (or, if non-EU based, not deemed 
equivalent or recognised or endorsed). The UK Benchmarks Regulation among other things, 
applies to the provision of Benchmarks and the use of a Benchmark in the UK. Similarly, it 
prohibits the use in the UK by UK-supervised entities of Benchmarks of administrators that are 
not authorised by the FCA or registered on the FCA register (or, if non-UK based, not deemed 
equivalent or recognised or endorsed), subject to certain transitional provisions. 
The EU Benchmarks Regulation and/or the UK Benchmarks Regulation could have a material 
impact on any Bonds linked to a Benchmark, including in any of the following circumstances: 
(i) 
an index which is a Benchmark could not be used by a supervised entity in certain ways 
if its administrator does not obtain authorisation or register or, if based in a non-EU or 
UK (as applicable) jurisdiction, the administrator is not otherwise recognised as 
equivalent; and 
(ii) 
the methodology or other terms of the Benchmark could be changed in order to comply 
with the terms of the EU Benchmarks Regulation or the UK Benchmarks Regulation (as 
applicable), and such changes could (amongst other things) have the effect of reducing 
or increasing the rate or level, or affecting the volatility of the published rate or level of 
the Benchmark. 
Either of the above could potentially lead to the Bonds being de-listed, adjusted or redeemed 
early or otherwise affected depending on the particular Benchmark and the applicable terms of 
the Bonds. 
Any other international, national or other proposals for reform (including those in relation to 
EURIBOR and LIBOR and the application of any similar reforms), or the general increased 
regulatory scrutiny of Benchmarks, could increase the costs and risks of administering or 
otherwise participating in the setting of a Benchmark and complying with any such regulations or 
requirements.

--- Page 37 ---
37 
Such factors may have the effect of discouraging market participants from continuing to 
administer or contribute to certain benchmarks, trigger changes in the rules or methodologies 
used in certain “benchmarks” or lead to the disappearance of certain benchmarks. 
The FCA has publicly announced that it will no longer persuade or compel banks to submit rates 
for the calculation of the LIBOR benchmark after 2021, and accordingly the continuation of 
LIBOR on the current basis will not be guaranteed after 2021. Floating rate bonds linked to 
sterling LIBOR will no longer be issued under this programme.  
The Conditions provide for certain fallback arrangements in the event that a published 
Benchmark, including an inter-bank offered rate such as EURIBOR or LIBOR or other relevant 
reference rates, becomes unavailable or a Benchmark Event otherwise occurs, including the 
possibility that the Interest Rate could be set by reference to a Successor Rate or an Alternative 
Reference Rate and that such Successor Rate or Alternative Reference Rate may be adjusted (if 
required) as determined by an Independent Adviser appointed by the Issuer. The operation of 
these fallback arrangements could result in a different return for Bondholders (which may include 
payment of a lower Interest Rate) than they might receive under other similar securities which 
contain different or no fallback arrangements (including which they may otherwise receive in the 
event that legislative measures or other initiatives (if any) are introduced to transition from any 
given Benchmark to an alternative rate) or if the Original Reference Rate were to continue to 
apply in its current form. In addition, the market (if any) for Bonds linked to any such Successor 
Rate or Alternative Rate may be less liquid than the market for Bonds linked to the Original 
Reference Rate. 
Furthermore, if a Successor Rate or Alternative Rate for the Original Reference Rate is 
determined by the Independent Adviser, the Issuer may vary the Conditions, as necessary to 
ensure the proper operation of such Successor Rate or Alternative Rate, without any requirement 
for consent or approval of the Bondholders. If a Successor Rate or Alternative Rate is determined 
by the Independent Adviser, the Conditions also provide that an Adjustment Spread will be 
determined by the Independent Adviser and applied to such Successor Rate or Alternative Rate. 
The Issuer may be unable to appoint an Independent Adviser or the Independent Adviser may not 
be able to determine a Successor Rate or Alternative Rate in accordance with the Conditions. 
Where the Issuer is unable to appoint an Independent Adviser in a timely manner, or the 
Independent Adviser is unable, to determine a Successor Rate or Alternative Rate before the next 
Interest Determination Date, the Interest Rate for the next succeeding Interest Period will be the 
Interest Rate applicable as at the last preceding Interest Determination Date before the occurrence 
of the Benchmark Event, or, where the Benchmark Event occurs before the first Interest 
Determination Date, the Interest Rate will be the initial Interest Rate. This is likely to result in 
Bonds linked to or referencing the relevant benchmark performing differently (which may 
include payment of a lower Interest Rate) than they would do if the relevant benchmark were to 
continue to apply, or if a Successor Rate or Alternative Rate could be determined. If the Issuer is 
unable to appoint an Independent Adviser or, the Independent Adviser fails to determine a 
Successor Rate or Alternative Rate for the life of the relevant Bonds, the initial Interest Rate, or 
the Interest Rate applicable as at the last preceding Interest Determination Date before the 
occurrence of the Benchmark Event, will continue to apply to maturity. This will result in the 
Floating Rate Bonds, in effect, becoming fixed rate Bonds. 
Investors should also note that the Issuer may enter into hedging transactions to hedge the 
floating rate exposure of a Floating Rate Bond. The fallback arrangements in respect of such 
hedging transactions could be different to those in the Floating Rate Bonds which could lead to a 
mismatch between the Floating Rate Bond and the hedging transaction. DCC would be

--- Page 38 ---
38 
contractually obliged to fund any mismatch under the relevant Intercompany Loan Agreements 
but would be exposed to the mismatch risk which it otherwise would not have been.  
Investors should consult their own independent advisers to make their own assessment about the 
potential risks in connection with any Floating Rate Bonds in relation to Benchmarks.  
3.4 
The market continues to develop in relation to SONIA as a reference rate 
See Condition 6 (Interest and other Calculations). 
Investors should be aware that the market continues to develop in relation to so-called risk free 
rates, such as the Sterling Overnight Index Average (“SONIA”) as a reference rate in the capital 
markets and its adoption as an alternative to sterling LIBOR. In addition, market participants and 
relevant working groups are exploring alternative reference rates based so-called on risk free 
rates, including a term SONIA reference rate (which seeks to measure the market’s forward 
expectation of an average SONIA rate over a designated term). The Interest Rate on any Floating 
Rate Bonds referencing SONIA will be determined on the basis of Compounded Daily SONIA or 
by reference to an index known as the “SONIA Compounded Index” administered by the Bank of 
England (the “BoE”). The market or a significant part thereof may adopt an application of a so-
called risk free rate that differs significantly from that set out in the Conditions (including in 
relation to fallbacks in the event that such rates are discontinued or fundamentally altered) and 
used in relation to Floating Rate Bonds that reference a so-called risk free rate issued under this 
Prospectus. In addition, the BoE could amend, modify or withdraw SONIA Compounded Index 
or the methodology for determining such index, and there is no guarantee that such index will be 
widely used in the marketplace.  
SONIA is currently published by the BoE and is intended to be a measure of the rate at which 
interest is paid on sterling short-term wholesale funds in circumstances where credit, liquidity 
and other risks are minimal. It is the current preferred replacement rate to sterling LIBOR. 
SONIA has been administered by the BoE since April 2016. On 23 April 2018, the methodology 
used to calculate the benchmark was reformed following several rounds of consultation. SONIA 
has a limited history, and additionally the future performance of SONIA cannot be predicted 
based on its historical performance. The level of SONIA over the term of Floating Rate Bonds 
may therefore bear little or no relation to the historical level of SONIA. Prior observed patterns, if 
any, in the behaviour of market variables, such as correlations, may change in the future. Since 
the initial publication of SONIA, daily changes in the rate have, on occasion, been more volatile 
than daily changes in other benchmark or market rates, such as LIBOR, during corresponding 
periods. In addition, although changes in compounded SONIA index generally are not expected 
to be as volatile as changes in daily levels of SONIA, the return on and value of Floating Rate 
Bonds linked to or which reference a SONIA rate may fluctuate more than floating rate debt 
securities that are linked to less volatile rates. 
Interest on Bonds which reference a so-called risk free rate is only capable of being determined 
immediately prior to the relevant Interest Payment Date. It may be difficult for investors in Bonds 
which reference such so-called risk free rates to reliably estimate the amount of interest which 
will be payable on such Bonds. Further, if the Bonds become due and payable under Condition 11 
(Events of Default and Enforcement), the Interest Rate payable shall be determined on the date 
the Bonds became due and payable and shall not be reset thereafter. Investors should consider 
these matters when making their investment decision with respect to any such Floating Rate 
Bonds. 
Since risk free rates are relatively new in the market, Bonds linked to such rates may have no 
established trading market when issued, and an established trading market may never develop or 
may not be very liquid. Market terms for debt securities linked to SONIA or any other risk free

--- Page 39 ---
39 
rate, such as the spread over the rate reflected in interest rate provisions, may evolve over time, 
and trading prices of the Bonds linked to SONIA and/or any other risk free rate may be lower 
than those of later issued debt securities linked to the same rate as a result. 
3.5 
Class R Bonds 
See Condition 8 (Redemption, Purchase and Cancellation). 
If any Class R Bonds are sold by the Issuer then under the terms and conditions of the Class R 
Bonds, the Issuer is obliged (unless there is a subsisting Issuer Event of Default under the Bonds) 
to re-purchase all Class R Bonds so sold (or which have previously been sold) from the holders 
thereof on the immediately following Issuer Payment Date. The funds necessary to complete such 
re-purchase may be raised in a number of ways, including the application of the proceeds of a 
repayment or prepayment of one or more of the revolving advances of the Intercompany Loan, 
the issue of a further Series of Bonds, or the resale of Class R Bonds (which may include the 
Class R Bonds being re-purchased). 
However, there can be no assurance that the Issuer will have sufficient funds on a subsequent 
Issuer Payment Date to repurchase such Class R Bonds in any event and this may lead, 
ultimately, to an Issuer Event of Default arising in respect of the Bonds.  
As at the date of this Prospectus, there are no Class R Bonds outstanding and the Issuer is not 
intending to issue any Class R Bonds. 
4 
Risks relating to all Bonds which may be issued under the Programme 
4.1 
Conflicts of interest between Bondholders 
See Chapter 6 “Financing Structure” under “Summary of Intercreditor Arrangements”. 
The Trust Deed contains provisions detailing the Bond Trustee’s obligations to consider the 
interests of the Bondholders as regards all powers, trusts, authorities, duties and discretions of the 
Bond Trustee (except where expressly provided otherwise). In particular, subject as provided in 
the following sentence, the Bond Trustee will consider the interests of the holders of the Most 
Senior Class of Bonds (as defined in the Conditions) then outstanding provided that, if the Bond 
Trustee considers, in its sole opinion, that there is a conflict of interest between the holders of one 
or more Sub-Classes of such Bonds, it shall consider the interests of the holders of the Sub-Class 
of the Most Senior Class of Bonds then outstanding with the shortest dated maturity. To the extent 
that the exercise of any rights, powers, trusts and discretions of the Bond Trustee affects or relates 
to any Class A Bonds, the Bond Trustee shall only act with the consent of the relevant Financial 
Guarantor(s) in accordance with the Issuer STID. The Issuer STID provides that the Issuer 
Security Trustee (except in relation to its reserved matters and entrenched rights) will act on 
instructions of the Issuer Instructing Group. When so doing, the Issuer Security Trustee is not 
required to have regard to the interests of any Issuer Secured Creditor (including the Bond 
Trustee as trustee for the Bondholders) in relation to the exercise of such rights and, 
consequently, has no liability to the Bondholders as a consequence of so acting. 
4.2 
Change of law 
The structure of the transaction and, inter alia, the issue of the Bonds and ratings assigned to the 
Bonds are based on law, tax and administrative practice in effect at the date hereof, and having 
due regard to the expected tax treatment of all relevant entities under such law, tax and 
administrative practice. No assurance can be given that there will not be any change to such law, 
tax or administrative practice after the date hereof which change might impact on the Bonds and 
the expected payments of interest and repayment of principal.

--- Page 40 ---
40 
4.3 
Application for Bonds to be admitted to the Official List 
See the Final Terms. 
Notwithstanding the fact that an application has been made for Bonds issued pursuant to the 
Programme on or after the date of this Prospectus to be admitted to the Official List of the 
Luxembourg Stock Exchange and admitted to trading on the Luxembourg Stock Exchange 
Regulated Market and that the Bonds issued on the Initial Issue Date, the Second Issue Date, the 
Third Issue Date, the Fourth Issue Date, the Fifth Issue Date, the Sixth Issue Date, the Seventh 
Issue Date and the Eighth Issue Date have been trading since issue, there can be no assurance that 
such secondary market will provide the holder of the Bonds with liquidity or that any such 
liquidity will continue for the life of the Bonds. The global credit market conditions may also 
reduce the liquidity of the Bonds in the secondary market. Consequently, any purchaser of the 
Bonds must be prepared to hold such Bonds for an indefinite period of time or until final 
redemption or maturity of the Bonds. 
The liquidity and market value at any time of the Bonds is also affected by, amongst other things, 
the market view of the credit risk of such Bonds and will generally fluctuate with general interest 
rate fluctuations, other general economic conditions, the condition of certain financial markets, 
international political events, the performance and financial condition of DCC, developments and 
trends in the water industry generally and events in the licensed territory of DCC. 
4.4 
Ratings 
See the Final Terms. 
The ratings assigned to any Class A Bonds are based solely on the debt rating of the relevant 
Financial Guarantor (except, as is currently the case, to the extent that such rating is lower than 
that assigned to the Class B Bonds by the same Rating Agency, in which case, the rating assigned 
to the Class A Bonds shall be the same as that assigned to the Class B Bonds by the same Rating 
Agency) and reflect only the views of the Ratings Agencies. The ratings assigned to any issue of 
Class B Bonds and Class C Bonds by the Rating Agencies reflect only the views of the Rating 
Agencies and are based primarily on the long-term unsecured and unsubordinated debt rating of 
DCC and also on the other relevant structural features and assets of the transaction. Any issue of 
Class D Bonds will not be rated by the Rating Agencies. 
A rating is not a recommendation to buy, sell or hold securities and will depend, amongst other 
things, on certain underlying characteristics of the business and financial condition of DCC or, in 
the case of the Class A Bonds, of the relevant Financial Guarantor from time to time. 
There is no assurance that any such ratings will continue for any period of time or that they will 
not be reviewed, revised, suspended or withdrawn entirely by the Rating Agencies (or any of 
them) as a result of changes in, or unavailability of, information or if, in the Rating Agencies’ 
judgment, circumstances so warrant. If any rating assigned to the Bonds is lowered or withdrawn, 
the market value of the Bonds may be reduced. Future events, including events affecting DCC 
and/or circumstances relating to the water industry generally, could have an adverse impact on 
the ratings of the Bonds. 
4.5 
Withholding tax under the Bonds 
See Chapter 8 “Tax Considerations”. 
In the event withholding taxes are imposed by or in any jurisdiction in respect of payments due 
under the Bonds, the Issuer is not obliged to gross-up or otherwise compensate Bondholders for 
the fact that the Bondholders will receive, as a result of the imposition of such withholding taxes, 
cash amounts which are less than those which would otherwise have been the case. The Issuer

--- Page 41 ---
41 
may, in such event, (i) use its reasonable endeavours to arrange for the substitution of another 
company in an alternative jurisdiction (subject to certain conditions); and, failing this (ii) redeem 
all the outstanding Bonds in full (subject to certain conditions). (See Chapter 1 “General 
Description of the Programme” under “Redemption for Index Event, Taxation or Other Reasons” 
and Chapter 7 “Terms and Conditions of the Bonds”.) 
Likewise, in the event withholding taxes are imposed in respect of payments due under the Class 
A Bonds and the relevant Financial Guarantor is called upon under its Financial Guarantee or 
Financial Guarantees to make payments in respect of such payments, such Financial Guarantor is 
not obliged to gross-up or otherwise compensate Class A Bondholders for the fact that such Class 
A Bondholders will receive, as a result of the imposition of such withholding taxes, cash amounts 
which are less than those which would otherwise have been the case. 
4.6 
Investors in and purchasers of the Bonds may have limited or no recourse against the 
independent auditor  
See Chapter 9 “Description of the Current Issuer Hedge Counterparty, Facility Providers and 
Account Bank” under “Independent Auditor – Glas Accounts”. 
See “Independent Auditor – Glas Accounts” for a description of the independent auditor’s reports, 
including language limiting the independent auditor’s scope of responsibility, in particular in 
relation to their audit work for Glas Cymru Anghyfyngedig in relation to the consolidated 
financial statements for the year ended 31 March 2020. Investors in and purchasers of the Bonds 
may have limited or no recourse against the independent auditor in respect of that audit work.  
Investors in and purchasers of the Bonds should understand that consistent with guidance issued 
by ICAEW, the Institute of Chartered Accountants in England and Wales, the independent 
auditor’s report for the year ended 31 March 2020 for Glas referred to in this Prospectus states 
that: the report has been prepared for Glas solely in response to a request from Glas for an audit 
opinion from the independent auditor on the statutory directors’ reports and financial statements; 
that the report was designed to meet the agreed requirements of Glas determined by its needs at 
the time; that the report should not therefore be regarded as suitable to be used or relied on by any 
party wishing to acquire rights against the independent auditor other than Glas for any purpose or 
in any context; that any party other than Glas who obtains access to the report or a copy and 
chooses to rely on the report (or any part of it) will do so at its own risk; and that to the fullest 
extent permitted by law, the independent auditor will accept no responsibility or liability in 
respect of the report to any other party.  
The independent auditor’s reports for:  
i. 
the Issuer (for the period ended 31 March 2020); 
ii. 
DCC (for the years ended 31 March 2019 and 31 March 2020); and  
iii. 
Glas (for the years ended 31 March 2019 and 31 March 2020), 
state that each audit report is made solely to the relevant company's members, as a body, in 
accordance with Chapter 3 of Part 16 of the Companies Act 2006. The audit work for that period 
has been undertaken so that the independent auditor might state to the relevant company's 
members those matters the independent auditor is required to state to them in an auditor’s report 
and for no other purpose. To the fullest extent permitted by law, the independent auditor does not 
accept or assume responsibility to anyone other than the relevant company and the relevant 
company's members as a body for that audit work, for that audit report, or for the opinion the 
independent auditor has formed in respect of that audit.

--- Page 42 ---
42 
In the context of this Prospectus, the independent auditor has reconfirmed that it does not intend 
its duty of care in respect of any audit to extend to any party, such as investors in and purchasers 
of the Bonds, other than the addressees of its reports (the “Addressees”).  
Without in any way or on any basis affecting or adding to or extending the independent auditor’s 
duties and responsibilities to the Addressees or giving rise to any duty or responsibility being 
accepted or assumed by or imposed on the independent auditor to any party except the 
Addressees, the independent auditor has provided consent to the inclusion, independently of the 
independent auditor’s audit reports, of reference to the audit reports in this Prospectus for a 
proposed issuance of Bonds, thereby demonstrating that an audit of financial statements for each 
relevant period has been undertaken for the Addressees.  
The extent to which independent auditors may have responsibility or liability to third parties can 
be unclear under the laws of many jurisdictions, including the United Kingdom. The inclusion of 
the language referred to above, however, may limit the ability of holders of the Bonds to bring 
any action against the independent auditor for damages arising out of an investment in or 
purchase of the Bonds.

--- Page 43 ---
43 
DOCUMENTS INCORPORATED BY REFERENCE  
This Prospectus should be read and construed in conjunction with:  
(i) 
 
(a) 
the Terms and Conditions of the Bonds as contained at pages 85 to 138 (inclusive) of the 
prospectus 
dated 
4 
May 
2001 
(https://corporate.dwrcymru.com/en/about-
us/investors/prospectus); 
(b) 
the Terms and Conditions of the Bonds as contained at pages 114 to 160 (inclusive) of the 
prospectus 
dated 
7 
April 
2003 
(https://corporate.dwrcymru.com/en/about-
us/investors/prospectus); 
(c) 
the Terms and Conditions of the Bonds as contained at pages 119 to 165 (inclusive) of the 
prospectus 
dated 
4 
December 
2006 
(https://corporate.dwrcymru.com/en/about-
us/investors/prospectus);  
(d) 
the Terms and Conditions of the Bonds as contained at pages 120 to 152 (inclusive) of the 
prospectus 
dated 
19 
March 
2010 
(https://corporate.dwrcymru.com/en/about-
us/investors/prospectus);  
(e) 
the Terms and Conditions of the Bonds as contained at pages 125 to 174 (inclusive) of the 
prospectus 
dated 
21 
June 
2011 
(https://corporate.dwrcymru.com/en/about-
us/investors/prospectus); 
(f) 
the Terms and Conditions of the Bonds as contained at pages 138 to 186 (inclusive) of the 
prospectus 
dated 
20 
December 
2017 
(https://corporate.dwrcymru.com/en/about-
us/investors/prospectus);  
(g) 
the Terms and Conditions of the Bonds as contained at pages 138 to 186 (inclusive) of the 
prospectus 
dated 
11 
November 
2019 
(https://corporate.dwrcymru.com/en/about-
us/investors/prospectus); and  
(h) 
the prospectus supplement dated 7 February 2020 (https://corporate.dwrcymru.com/en/about-
us/investors/prospectus), 
copies of the documents incorporated by reference listed this paragraph (i) may be obtained (without 
charge) from the website of the Issuer as set out above. 
(ii) 
 
(a) 
the audited annual financial statements of the Issuer (together with the audit report thereon) for 
the period ended 31 March 2020 (https://corporate.dwrcymru.com/en/library/group-annual-
report-and-accounts/dwr-cymru-financing-uk-plc); 
(b) 
the unaudited interim financial statements of the Issuer for the six months ended 30 September 
2020 
(https://corporate.dwrcymru.com/en/library/group-annual-report-and-accounts/dwr-
cymru-financing-uk-plc);  
(c) 
the audited annual financial statements of DCC (together with the audit report thereon) for the 
financial year ended 31 March 2020 (https://corporate.dwrcymru.com/en/library/group-annual-
report-and-accounts/dwr-cymru-cyfyngedig);  
(d) 
the audited annual financial statements of DCC (together with the audit report thereon) for the 
financial year ended 31 March 2019 (https://corporate.dwrcymru.com/en/library/group-annual-
report-and-accounts/dwr-cymru-cyfyngedig); and

--- Page 44 ---
44 
(e) 
the unaudited interim financial statements of DCC for the six months ended 30 September 2020 
(https://corporate.dwrcymru.com/en/library/group-annual-report-and-accounts/dwr-cymru-
cyfyngedig), 
copies of documents incorporated by reference listed in this paragraph (ii) may be obtained (without 
charge) from the website of the Issuer as set out above. 
All of the documents listed in (i) and (ii) above have been previously published or are published 
simultaneously with this Prospectus and which have been filed with the CSSF. Copies of documents 
incorporated by reference listed in (i) and (ii) above may be obtained (without charge) from the website of the 
Luxembourg Stock Exchange (www.bourse.lu). 
As Glas is the holding company of the Issuer (See Chapter 4 “DCC, the Issuer, the Glas Group and Glas 
Holdings” – “The Glas Group Corporate Structure”) and the relevant financial covenants referred to in 
Chapter 6 “Financing Structure” – “DCC Covenants – Financial” are calculated on the basis of the 
information contained in: 
(a) 
the audited annual consolidated financial statements of Glas (together with the audit report 
thereon) 
for 
the 
financial 
year 
ended 
31 
March 
2020 
(https://corporate.dwrcymru.com/en/library/group-annual-report-and-accounts/glas-cymru-
anghyfyngedig);  
(b) 
the audited annual consolidated financial statements of Glas (together with the audit report 
thereon) 
for 
the 
financial 
year 
ended 
31 
March 
2019 
(https://corporate.dwrcymru.com/en/library/group-annual-report-and-accounts/glas-cymru-
anghyfyngedig); and 
(c) 
the unaudited interim financial statements of Glas for the six months ended 30 September 2020 
(https://corporate.dwrcymru.com/en/library/group-annual-report-and-accounts/glas-cymru-
anghyfyngedig), 
copies of the consolidated financial statements of Glas listed above may be obtained (without charge) 
from the website of the Issuer as set out above.  
The consolidated financial statements of Glas have also been previously published or are published 
simultaneously with this Prospectus and have been filed with the CSSF. The consolidated financial statements 
of Glas are incorporated by reference into this Prospectus for information purposes only as Glas guarantees 
the payment obligations of DCC under the Intercompany Loan Agreements between DCC and the Issuer. 
All documents referred to above shall be incorporated in, and form part of this Prospectus, save that any 
statement contained in a document which is incorporated by reference herein shall be modified or superseded 
for the purpose of this Prospectus to the extent that a statement contained herein modifies or supersedes such 
earlier statement (whether expressly, by implication or otherwise). Any statement so modified or superseded 
shall not, except as so modified or superseded, constitute a part of this Prospectus. 
The tables below set out the relevant page references for each of the following documents incorporated by 
reference in this Prospectus. Any information not listed in the tables below but included in the documents 
incorporated by reference is given for information purposes only. 
(a) 
Audited consolidated annual financial statements of Glas for the financial year ended 31 March 2019  
           Glas Cymru Anghyfyngedig Report and Accounts 31 March 2019 
Income Statement............................................................................................................. 
Statement of Comprehensive Income.............................................................................. 
Page 11 
Page 12

--- Page 45 ---
45 
Statement of Changes in Equity.................................................................................... 
Pages 13 and 15 
Balance Sheet................................................................................................................... 
Pages 14-15 
Cash Flow Statement........................................................................................................ 
Pages 16-17 
Notes................................................................................................................................. 
Pages 18-52 
Auditor’s Report............................................................................................................... 
Pages 9-10 
 
(b) 
Audited consolidated annual financial statements of Glas for the financial year ended 31 March 2020  
            Glas Cymru Anghyfyngedig Report and Accounts 31 March 2020 
Income Statement............................................................................................................. 
Statement of Comprehensive Income.............................................................................. 
Page 18 
Page 19 
Statement of Changes in Equity.................................................................................... 
Pages 20 and 22 
Balance Sheet................................................................................................................... 
Pages 21-22 
Cash Flow Statement........................................................................................................ 
Pages 23-24 
Notes................................................................................................................................. 
Pages 25-60 
Auditor’s Report............................................................................................................... 
Pages 16-17 
 
(c) 
Consolidated interim financial statements of Glas for the six months ended 30 September 2020  
Glas Cymru Anghyfyngedig 
Interim Report and Accounts for the six months ended 30 September 2020 
Income Statement............................................................................................................. 
Statement of Comprehensive Income.............................................................................. 
Page 4 
Page 5 
Balance Sheet................................................................................................................... 
Page 6 
Statement of Changes in Reserves…............................................................................... 
Page 7 
Cash Flow Statement........................................................................................................ 
Page 8 
Notes................................................................................................................................. 
Pages 9-16 
 
(d) 
Audited annual financial statements of the Issuer for the period ended 31 March 2020 
Dŵr Cymru (Financing) UK Plc  
Report and Financial Statements for the period ended 31 March 2020 
Income Statement............................................................................................................. 
Page 10 
Balance Sheet..................................................................................... 
Page 11 
Statement of Changes in 
Equity................................................................................................................... 
Page 12 
Cash Flow Statement........................................................................................................ 
Page 13 
Notes................................................................................................................................. 
Pages 14-30

--- Page 46 ---
46 
Auditor’s Report............................................................................................................... 
Pages 6-9 
 
(e) 
Interim financial statements of the Issuer for the six months ended 30 September 2020 
Dŵr Cymru (Financing) UK Plc  
Interim Report and Accounts for the six months ended 30 September 2020 
Income Statement............................................................................................................. 
Page 3 
Statement of Changes in 
Equity................................................................................................................... 
Page 4 
Balance Sheet ……............................................................................... 
Page 5 
Cash Flow Statement........................................................................................................ 
Page 6 
Notes................................................................................................................................. 
Pages 7-11 
 
(f) 
Audited annual financial statements of DCC for the financial year ended 31 March 2019 
Dŵr Cymru Cyfyngedig 
Directors’ Report and Financial Statements for the year ended 31 March 2019 
Income Statement............................................................................................................. 
Page 10 
Statement of Comprehensive Income............................................................... 
Balance Sheet.................................................................................................... 
Page 11 
Page 12 
Statement of Changes in Equity................................................................ 
Page 13 
Cash Flow Statement........................................................................................................ 
Pages 14 
Notes................................................................................................................................. 
Pages 15-44 
Auditor’s Report............................................................................................................... 
Pages 8-9 
 
 
(g) 
Audited annual financial statements of DCC for the financial year ended 31 March 2020  
Dŵr Cymru Cyfyngedig 
Directors’ Report and Financial Statements for the year ended 31 March 2020 
Income Statement............................................................................................................. 
Page 18 
Statement of Comprehensive Income............................................................... 
Balance Sheet.................................................................................................... 
Page 19 
Page 20 
Statement of Changes in Equity................................................................ 
Page 21 
Cash Flow Statement........................................................................................................ 
Pages 22 
Notes................................................................................................................................. 
Pages 23-54 
Auditor’s Report............................................................................................................... 
Pages 16-17

--- Page 47 ---
47 
 
(h) 
Interim financial statements of DCC for the six months ended 30 September 2020 
Dŵr Cymru Cyfyngedig 
Interim Report and Accounts for the six months ended 30 September 2020 
Income Statement............................................................................................................. 
Page 4 
Statement of Comprehensive Income. ............................................................................. 
Page 5 
Balance Sheet................................................................................................................... 
Page 6 
Statement of Changes in Reserves……............................................................................... 
Page 7 
Cash Flow Statement........................................................................................................ 
Page 8 
Notes................................................................................................................................. 
Pages 9-15

--- Page 48 ---
48 
PROSPECTUS SUPPLEMENT 
If at any time the Issuer shall be required to prepare a prospectus supplement pursuant to Article 23 of 
Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 of 14 June 2017 on prospectuses of securities, as amended, implementing into 
Luxembourg law the EU Prospectus Regulation, the Issuer will prepare and make available an appropriate 
supplement to this Prospectus or a further Prospectus which, in respect of any subsequent issue of Bonds to be 
admitted to the Official List of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange and admitted to trading on the Luxembourg 
Stock Exchange Regulated Market, shall constitute a prospectus supplement as required by Article 23 of 
Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 of 14 June 2017 on prospectuses of securities, as amended, implementing into 
Luxembourg law the EU Prospectus Regulation. 
Each of the Issuer and DCC has given an undertaking that if at any time during the duration of the Programme 
there is a significant new factor, material mistake or material inaccuracy relating to the information included 
in this Prospectus which may affect the assessment of any Bonds, the Issuer shall prepare an amendment or 
supplement to this Prospectus or publish a replacement Prospectus for use in connection with any subsequent 
offering of the Bonds and shall supply to each Dealer and the Bond Trustee such number of copies of such 
supplement hereto as such Dealer and the Bond Trustee may reasonably request. The obligation to supplement 
this Prospectus in the event of significant new factors, material mistakes or material inaccuracies does not 
apply when this Prospectus is no longer valid. 
FINAL TERMS AND DRAWDOWN PROSPECTUSES 
In this section the expression “necessary information” means, in relation to any Class of Bonds, the 
information necessary to enable investors to make an informed assessment of the assets and liabilities, 
financial position, profits and losses and prospects of the Issuer and of the rights attaching to the Bonds. In 
relation to the different types of Bonds which may be issued under the Programme, the Issuer has 
endeavoured to include in this Prospectus, including the documents incorporated by reference, all of the 
necessary information except for information relating to the Bonds which is not known at the date of this 
Prospectus and which can only be determined at the time of an individual issue of a Class of Bonds. 
Any information relating to the Bonds which is not included in this Prospectus and which is required in order 
to complete the necessary information in relation to a Class of Bonds will be contained either in the relevant 
Final Terms or in a Drawdown Prospectus. For a Class of Bonds which is the subject of Final Terms, those 
Final Terms will, for the purposes of that Class only, supplement this Prospectus and must be read in 
conjunction with this Prospectus. The Conditions as supplemented, amended and/or replaced to the extent 
described in the relevant Final Terms are the terms and conditions applicable to any particular Tranche of 
Bonds which is the subject of Final Terms. 
The Conditions as supplemented, amended and/or replaced to the extent described in the relevant Drawdown 
Prospectus are the terms and conditions applicable to any particular Class of Bonds which is the subject of a 
Drawdown Prospectus. Each Drawdown Prospectus will be constituted by a single document containing the 
necessary information relating to the Issuer and the relevant Bonds.

--- Page 49 ---
49 
CHAPTER 3 
THE PARTIES 
Issuer 
Dŵr Cymru (Financing) UK Plc (the “Issuer”) was formed in 
order to raise funds to invest in providing long term debt 
financing to DCC in relation to its water and sewerage 
undertaking. 
DCC 
Dŵr Cymru Cyfyngedig (“DCC”) is engaged in the provision 
of water and sewerage services under an appointment held 
under the WIA. 
Holdings 
Dŵr Cymru (Holdings) Limited (“Holdings”) is the immediate 
holding company of the Issuer and DCC. 
Guarantors 
The following parties (each a “Guarantor”) has each 
guaranteed certain obligations of DCC (being the DCC Secured 
Liabilities) in favour of the DCC Security Trustee (for itself and 
on behalf of the DCC Secured Creditors, as defined below): (i) 
Holdings; (ii) Glas Securities; and (iii) Glas (each as defined 
below). The DCC Secured Liabilities that benefit from the 
guarantees include, amongst other things, the obligations and 
liabilities owed by DCC to the Issuer under each Intercompany 
Loan Agreement between the Issuer (as Lender) and DCC (as 
Borrower).  
None of the Guarantors has directly guaranteed the obligations 
of the Issuer under the Bonds. 
Glas 
Glas Cymru Anghyfyngedig (“Glas”), a private unlimited 
company, is the holding company in the Glas Group. 
Glas Holdings 
Glas Cymru Holdings Cyfyngedig (“Glas Holdings”), a private 
company limited by guarantee that holds all of the issued share 
capital of Glas. 
Glas Securities 
Glas Cymru (Securities) Cyfyngedig (“Glas Securities”), a 
private company limited by shares which is a wholly owned 
subsidiary of Glas that holds all of the issued share capital of 
Holdings. 
Glas Group 
Glas, Glas Securities, Holdings, the Issuer and DCC (the “Glas 
Group”). 
Arranger 
HSBC Bank plc. 
Dealers 
Barclays Bank PLC, BNP Paribas, HSBC Bank plc, Lloyds 
Bank Corporate Markets plc and NatWest Markets Plc will act 
as dealers (together with any other dealer appointed from time 
to time by the Issuer) (the “Dealers”) either generally in respect 
of the Programme (other than in respect of the Class R Bonds) 
or in relation to a particular Sub-Class, Class or Series of Bonds 
(other than in respect of the Class R Bonds). 
Financial Guarantors (for Class A 
Bonds only) 
Each of (i) the Initial Financial Guarantor under the terms of 
various financial guarantees which it has issued in favour of the 
Bond Trustee and in respect of Class A Bonds issued on the 
Initial Issue Date and in respect of Class A6 Bonds issued on

--- Page 50 ---
50 
the Fourth Issue Date; and (ii) such other financial guarantee 
companies (each, together with the Initial Financial Guarantor, 
a “Financial Guarantor”) as the Issuer may arrange to issue 
Financial Guarantees in respect of further Series of Class A 
Bonds. 
The Initial Financial Guarantor is under no obligation to issue 
Financial Guarantees.  
For the avoidance of doubt, the Issuer is not intending as of the 
date of this Prospectus to issue any further Class A Bonds 
pursuant to this Prospectus. 
Bond Trustee 
Deutsche Trustee Company Limited as trustee (the “Bond 
Trustee”) for and on behalf of the holders of each Class of 
Bonds of each Series (each a “Bondholder”). 
Issuer Security Trustee 
Deutsche Trustee Company Limited as security trustee (the 
“Issuer Security Trustee”) holds, and is entitled to enforce (for 
itself and on behalf of the Issuer Secured Creditors, as defined 
below), and the Issuer Security (as defined below). 
Paying Agents 
Deutsche Bank AG, London Branch as issue agent and principal 
paying agent (the “Principal Paying Agent”) and Deutsche 
Bank Luxembourg S.A. (the “Luxembourg Paying Agent” 
and, together with the Principal Paying Agent, the “Paying 
Agents”) provides certain paying agency services to the Issuer 
in respect of Bearer Bonds. 
Registrar 
Deutsche Bank Luxembourg S.A. acts as registrar (the 
“Registrar”) and provides certain registrar services to the 
Issuer in respect of Registered Bonds. 
Transfer Agents 
Deutsche Bank AG, London Branch as transfer agent (the 
“Principal Transfer Agent”) and Deutsche Bank Luxembourg 
S.A. (the “Luxembourg Transfer Agent”, together with the 
Principal Transfer Agent, the “Transfer Agents”) provide 
certain transfer agency services to the Issuer in respect of 
Registered Bonds. 
DCC Security Trustee 
Deutsche Trustee Company Limited acts as security trustee (the 
“DCC Security Trustee”) and holds, and is entitled to enforce 
(for itself and on behalf of the DCC Secured Creditors (as 
defined below)), the DCC Security and the Guarantor Security 
(each as defined below). 
Cash Manager 
DCC, pursuant to the terms of the Master Framework 
Agreement (as defined below) is appointed by the Issuer to act 
as cash manager (the “Cash Manager”) in respect of monies 
credited from time to time to the Issuer Accounts (as defined 
below). 
Standstill Cash Manager 
The Royal Bank of Scotland plc, pursuant to the terms of the 
DCC STID and the Standstill Cash Management Agreement 
dated 21 June 2001, is appointed to act, after the occurrence of 
a Standstill Event (as defined below) as cash manager (the 
“Standstill Cash Manager”) in respect of monies credited 
from time to time to the Debt Service Payment Account (as

--- Page 51 ---
51 
defined below). 
Account Bank 
National Westminster Bank Plc, or any person for the time 
being acting as Account Bank (pursuant to the DCC Account 
Bank Agreement and the Issuer Account Bank Agreement, each 
as defined below) (each an “Account Bank”) holds the DCC 
Accounts (as defined below) and Issuer Accounts and has 
established the Overdraft Facility (as defined below) in favour 
of DCC. 
Agent Bank 
Deutsche Bank AG, London Branch acts as agent bank (the 
“Agent Bank”) under the Paying Agency Agreement (as 
defined below). 
Luxembourg Listing Agent 
Deutsche Bank Luxembourg S.A. is the listing agent in respect 
of the Bonds in Luxembourg. 
Finance Lessors 
Each of Lloyds Bank Equipment Leasing (No. 9) Limited as 
Trustee for and on behalf of, and as Managing General Partner 
for Kanaalstraat Funding CV (formerly Lloyds Plant Leasing 
Limited) (“Kanaalstraat”), Lombard Lease Finance Limited, 
Lloyds Bank Corporate Asset Finance (No.4) Limited, 
Assetfinance December (H) Limited (formerly Motopurchase 
Limited), Norddeutsche Landesbank Girozentrale and RBSSAF 
(2) Limited (together the “Finance Lessors”), who lease plant, 
machinery and equipment to DCC under the terms of various 
finance leases (together, the “Finance Leases”). 
Current DCC Hedge Counterparties 
NatWest Markets Plc, Lloyds Bank Corporate Markets plc, 
HSBC Bank plc, BNP Paribas and Barclays Bank PLC, all of 
which (save for Barclays Bank PLC) have entered into hedging 
arrangements with DCC in respect of the Finance Leases (the 
“Current DCC Hedge Counterparties”). As at the date of this 
Prospectus, DCC and Barclays Bank PLC have entered into the 
framework documentation necessary to put in place any future 
hedging arrangements. 
Current Liquidity Facility Providers 
Assured Guaranty UK Limited (formerly Assured Guaranty 
(Europe) Plc) and Assured Guaranty Municipal Corp. (the 
“Further Liquidity Facility Providers”) provide to the Issuer 
a liquidity facility for the purpose of meeting certain shortfalls 
in revenues available to the Issuer and DCC. 
Current Issuer Hedge Counterparties 
NatWest Markets Plc, Lloyds Bank Corporate Markets plc , 
HSBC Bank plc , BNP Paribas and Barclays Bank PLC , all of 
which (save for Barclays Bank PLC) have entered into hedging 
arrangements with the Issuer. (the “Current Issuer Hedge 
Counterparties”). As at the date of this Prospectus, DCC and 
Barclays Bank PLC have entered into the framework 
documentation necessary to put in place any future hedging 
arrangements.

--- Page 52 ---
52 
Authorised Lenders 
As at the date of this Prospectus: 
(i) 
the European Investment Bank and KfW IPEX-Bank 
GmbH have each made available Authorised Loan 
Facilities in respect of various revolving working 
capital and capital expenditure items to DCC; and  
(ii) 
the European Investment Bank, HSBC UK Bank plc, 
National Westminster Bank Plc, BNP Paribas, London 
Branch, and Barclays Bank PLC have each made 
available Authorised Loan Facilities in respect of 
various 
revolving 
working 
capital 
and 
capital 
expenditure items to the Issuer,  
(each lender listed above being a “Current Authorised 
Lender”). 
Each Current Authorised Lender has acceded as a party to the 
Issuer STID or the DCC STID (as the case may be).  
After the date of this Prospectus, certain other banks or 
financial institutions may agree to provide revolving credit 
facilities to the Issuer and/or DCC, or may agree to become 
Authorised Lenders as part of the syndication of any of the 
Authorised Loan Facilities provided by the Current Authorised 
Lenders or any further Authorised Loan Facility (each such 
entity, together with the Current Authorised Lenders, an 
“Authorised Lender”). Each further Authorised Lender will 
also accede as a party to the Issuer STID or the DCC STID (as 
the case may be). (See Chapter 6 “Financing Structure” under 
“Additional Resources Available”.)

--- Page 53 ---
53 
CHAPTER 4  
DCC, THE ISSUER, THE GLAS GROUP AND GLAS HOLDINGS 
DCC (and the Glas Group) is subject to economic regulation as further described in this Prospectus. As such, 
DCC’s operational performance can impact on its financial performance through the financial reward and 
penalty mechanisms which the WSRA/Ofwat has in place to incentivise companies to deliver on their 
commitments. In DCC’s view, such operational performance figures are not financial measures and as such 
not alternative performance measures unless specifically disclosed as such. 
Corporate Structure  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
The diagram set out above illustrates the ownership structure of the Glas Group. Glas is the holding company 
of the Glas Group; however, since March 2016, Glas has been a wholly-owned subsidiary of Glas Holdings. 
Glas Securities is a wholly-owned subsidiary of Glas. In turn, Holdings is a wholly-owned subsidiary of Glas 
Securities. Each of DCC and the Issuer is a wholly-owned subsidiary of Holdings. 
For the avoidance of doubt, Glas Holdings is not part of the Glas Group and is therefore not subject to the full 
package of representations, warranties and covenants that are set out in the Common Terms Agreement (see 
section “Common Terms Agreement” under “Summary of Finance Documents”). Since Glas Holdings sits 
outside the Glas Group, it is not a Guarantor of the DCC Secured Liabilities in the same manner as Glas, Glas 
Securities and Holdings. 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
* There are additional companies within the corporate group that do not form part of the Glas Group. These companies, Welsh Water 
Holdings Limited, Welsh Water Infrastructure Limited, Cambrian Utilities Limited, Welsh Water Organic Energy Limited, Welsh Water 
Organic Energy (Cardiff) Limited and Welsh Water Organic Waste Limited (together, the “Non-Glas Group Companies”), undertake 
commercial activities. The Non-Glas Group Companies sit outside of the Common Terms Agreement (as defined below), and therefore 
holders of the Bonds have no recourse in connection with the Bonds to the Non-Glas Group Companies.  
Glas Cymru Anghyfyngedig 
(“Glas”) 
Glas Cymru (Securities) Cyfyngedig 
(“Glas Securities”) 
Dŵr Cymru (Holdings) Limited 
(“Holdings”) 
Dŵr Cymru Cyfyngedig 
(“DCC”) 
Dŵr Cymru (Financing) UK Plc 
(the “Issuer”) 
100%
100%
100%
100%
 
Glas Cymru Holdings Cyfyngedig* 
(“Glas Holdings”) 
100%

--- Page 54 ---
54 
DCC 
Introduction 
DCC (also known as Welsh Water) is the operating company of the Glas Group.  
DCC was incorporated as a private limited company in England and Wales on 1 April 1989 under the 
Companies 
Act 
with 
registration 
number 
2366777 
and 
its 
Legal 
Entity 
Identifier 
code 
2138001LSWETH5TDQG53. DCC’s principal activity is the supply of water and the treatment and disposal 
of sewage. DCC is the eighth largest water service and sewerage company in England and Wales (based on 
turnover). It operates under an Instrument of Appointment (its “Instrument of Appointment”) which has a 
25-year notice period (see Chapter 5 “Water Regulation” under “Variation and Termination of an 
Appointment”). 
Area of Appointment  
DCC’s water supply area covers most of Wales as well as parts of Herefordshire and Gloucestershire in 
England. DCC’s sewerage area covers most of Wales and parts of Herefordshire, Gloucestershire, Cheshire, 
Shropshire and The Wirral. The sewerage boundary includes the River Dee and River Wye catchments in 
England but excludes the catchment of the River Severn in mid-Wales. Most of the premises served by DCC’s 
sewerage services also receive water supplies from DCC. 
There are two inset appointments:  
• 
Albion Eco Limited - to cover the supply of water to UPM and Eirgrid sites at Shotton on Deeside; and 
• 
Leep Networks (Water) Limited - to cover the supply of water and wastewater services for 243 
household properties and wastewater only for four non-household properties at Llanilid, near 
Bridgend.  
From time to time, DCC may receive notification of other inset appointments for unserved locations or large 
sites. 
Map of DCC Instrument of Appointment Area

--- Page 55 ---
55 
Registered Office, Share Capital, Employees and Auditor  
The registered office of DCC is Linea, Fortran Road, St Mellons, Cardiff CF3 0LT, Wales, UK. The telephone 
number of DCC is +44 (0) 2920 740450. DCC’s website is www.dwrcymru.com.  
DCC’s authorised share capital is £501,050,000 ordinary shares of £1 each. The entire issued share capital of 
£309,876,374 ordinary shares is owned by Holdings. 
The number of DCC employees as at 31 March 2020, including executive directors, was 3,514.  
The auditor of DCC is KPMG LLP, Statutory Auditor and Chartered Accountants, and a registered auditor and 
member of the Institute of Chartered Accountants in England and Wales, of 3 Assembly Square, Britannia 
Quay, Cardiff, CF10 4AX (the “DCC Auditor”). DCC’s accounting reference date is 31 March, and the latest 
audited accounts for DCC are for the year ended 31 March 2020. DCC’s accounts (“DCC Accounts”) are 
prepared in accordance with International Financial Reporting Standards (“IFRS”). The DCC Accounts are 
consolidated into the audited accounts of Glas each year (see “Glas Cymru Anghyfyngedig” below). The 
audited accounts of DCC for the year ended 31 March 2019 and for the year ended 31 March 2020 are 
incorporated by reference into this Prospectus. 
Regulation 
DCC is principally regulated under the provisions of the WIA and its Instrument of Appointment as a water 
and sewerage undertaker (an “Undertaker”). The Welsh Government, the Secretary of State and the WSRA 
are the principal regulators of DCC. (See Chapter 5 “Water Regulation” under “Regulatory Framework” and 
“Duties of the WSRA and the Secretary of State” for further details.) Any statements attributed to Ofwat herein 
include any statement made by the DGWS before he ceded his duties to the WSRA. (See Chapter 5 “Water 
Regulation” for details on the regulation of Undertakers, including DCC.) 
The main provisions of DCC’s Instrument of Appointment (“Conditions of Appointment”) are as follows: 
• 
the application of price controls to restrict the charges that DCC can make for each element of the 
services that it provides; 
• 
periodic reviews of price controls at specified intervals by means of determinations made by the 
WSRA; 
• 
Interim Determinations (as defined in Chapter 5 “Water Regulation”) by the WSRA between periodic 
reviews to make changes to price controls. At present, the specified circumstances which may trigger 
an Interim Determination for DCC include a new or changed legal requirement, and variations in 
values received or expected to be received from disposals of protected land; 
• 
provisions which enable DCC to require the WSRA to refer a periodic review determination or an 
Interim Determination to the CMA for re-determination; 
• 
requirements relating to the “financial ring-fencing” of the regulated business and transactions with 
associated companies and a requirement that DCC has at its disposal sufficient financial and 
managerial resources to carry out its regulated activities (including any investment programme 
necessary to fulfil legal obligations) and the “ring-fencing” of land and other assets; 
• 
a requirement that DCC obtain a legally enforceable undertaking from its parent company stipulating 
that it will refrain from any action which would prejudice the ability of DCC to comply with its 
obligations as an Undertaker; 
• 
a requirement to prepare and publish separate accounts showing separately its appointed business from 
all other businesses and activities;  
• 
a requirement that the regulated business neither gives to, nor receives from, any other business or 
activity of DCC or any other company within the Glas Group, any cross-subsidy, whether those

--- Page 56 ---
56 
businesses are regulated under the WIA or not and that any transaction with any other company within 
the Glas Holdings Group be on arm’s length terms; 
• 
a requirement that DCC maintains all necessary systems of planning and internal control to carry out 
its responsibilities as a water and sewerage undertaker;  
• 
requirements concerning the corporate governance arrangements of DCC including compliance with 
the UK Corporate Governance Code and the WSRA’s principles of board leadership, transparency and 
governance; 
• 
requirements to provide regulatory information to the WSRA;  
• 
requirements associated with the provision of wholesale services to a Water Supply Licensee 
(“Licensee”), including obligations to be a party to and comply with the Market Arrangements Code 
and to carry out retail activities to eligible customers as though those activities were being carried out 
by a Licensee;  
• 
a requirement to maintain at all times an Issuer credit rating which is an investment grade rating;  
• 
a requirement to publish a Compliance Code to help ensure DCC does not operate in an anti-
competitive manner; and 
• 
requirements to prepare and to comply with an Access Code which is to set out the basis upon which a 
Licensee can obtain common carriage services from the Undertaker in order to compete for eligible 
customers (See Chapter 5 “Regulation” under “Competition in the Water Industry” and “The Water 
Supply Licensing Regime”). 
Other Conditions of Appointment cover obligations relating to the calculation and application of 
“infrastructure charges”, the preparation of charges schemes, the duty not to show undue preference or 
discrimination in the setting of charges, the requirement not to show undue preference or discrimination in the 
provision of services to certain third party service providers, prohibition on the disclosure of specified 
information provided by third party service providers in certain circumstances, the provision of core 
information to customers, procedures for dealing with leakage on customer supply pipes, service standards 
and targets, the payment of fees to the WSRA and compensation for customers in the event of interruptions to 
supply during a drought. 
On 26 November 2020 the WSRA published for consultation proposals to modify the Conditions of 
Appointment of DCC and a number of other Undertakers to accommodate the arrangements for DPC 
introduced as part of the 2019 FD. These include:  a new condition to provide the framework for the DPC 
procurement process, amendments to allow Undertakers to recover the costs of paying the third-party 
providers from customers; and the creation of a bespoke Interim Determination framework to deal with the 
exit of a scheme such as DCC’s Cwm Taf project from the DPC process. The modifications formally came 
into effect on 12 February 2021. 
Water Resources 
DCC benefits from a combination of high annual rainfall and topographical and geological conditions which 
favour the catchment and storage of water. While resources are generally adequate to meet forecast demand, 
DCC actively pursues a strategy of minimising leakage and promoting water efficiency to reduce overall 
consumption. DCC has been able to maintain supplies with only limited restrictions (for example, hosepipe 
bans) even in exceptional drought conditions such as those which prevailed in 1976, 1984 and 1989 and no 
restrictions at all during the droughts of 1995, 2010 and 2018. Approximately one-quarter of the total water 
abstracted by DCC is supplied untreated to Severn Trent Water Limited under a bulk supply agreement.

--- Page 57 ---
57 
Pollution Control 
Regulatory control of discharges to the environment from sewage treatment works is undertaken by DCC on 
behalf of NRW and the Environment Agency (the “EA”). Samples are taken to meet a schedule defined by 
regulators and analysed at laboratories accredited by United Kingdom Accreditation Service Ltd (UKAS), all 
managed by a team completely independent from DCC operations. NRW and the EA carry out site inspections 
and any issues are registered on Compliance Assessment Report forms which are public register documents 
which detail agreed actions for resolving them.  
Water Supply – Base Statistics 2019-2020 
Description 
 
Value 
Population served ............................................................................................................... 
3.071m 
Properties served ................................................................................................................ 
1.451m 
Length of mains .................................................................................................................. 
27,733km 
Number of water treatment works (in operation) ............................................................... 
62 
Number of main reservoirs 
 
 
Number of water reservoirs (in operation)  ........................................................................ 
77 
Number of service reservoirs (in operation) ....................................................................... 
462 
Average daily supply ................................................................................................................ 
847 Mld 
-from groundwater .............................................................................................................. 
3% 
-from surface water ............................................................................................................. 
97% 
Wastewater – Base Statistics 2019 - 2020  
Population served .....................................................................................................................  
3.081m 
Properties served ......................................................................................................................  
1.464m 
No. of wastewater treatment works ..........................................................................................  
834 
Volume of wastewater treated daily .........................................................................................  
1,704 Mld 
 
Measures of Success and Performance Commitments  
AMP6 Period (2015-2020) 
The WSRA changed its approach for companies to report their performance from April 2015. Companies had 
to consult with their customers and customer challenge groups to understand what is important to them and 
set ‘outcomes’ to achieve based on this feedback. Targets were then set based on these outcomes, and 
performance during the five-year period was subject to “Outcome Delivery Incentives (“ODIs”)”, some of 
which involved financial rewards and penalties. These regulatory targets were generally referred to as 
“Measures of Success” but are now more commonly referred to as “Performance Commitments” (“PCs”). 
The WSRA requires Undertakers to publish performance against its targets in the Annual Performance Report. 
Over the course of the AMP6 period DCC reported total rewards of £10.1480 million and total penalties of 
£13.2865 million, giving a net position at the end of the five-year period of £3.1385 million in penalty. 
AMP7 Period (2020-2025) 
Following the FD in 2019, a more comprehensive set of PCs has been put in place for the AMP7 period. 
There are 56 PCs in total, expressed in terms of an overall framework defined by eight key promises that

--- Page 58 ---
58 
DCC has undertaken to make, following consultation with its customers. These are: “clean safe water for all”; 
“safeguard our environment for future generations”; “personal service that is right for you”; “putting things 
right if they go wrong”; “fair bills for everyone”; “create a better future for all our communities”; 
“resilience”; and “developing our people”. It is intended that these will deliver benefits to DCC’s customers, 
its communities, and the environment. 
Of the 56 PCs, 31 carry penalties and/or rewards and the remaining 25 are reputational. There are 15 PCs that 
are common across all water and sewerage companies, several targets having been set on the basis of 
horizontal benchmarking by the WSRA. The following table presents DCC’s performance on the 15 common 
PCs for either the first six or nine months of the first year of the AMP7 period (see note “C” in the table 
below). The first 12 listed carry financial ODIs (either penalty-only or reward and penalty), the last 3 are 
reputational only.

--- Page 59 ---
59 
Common Performance Commitments 
Actual performance 
(at 30 September 
2020) * 
2020-2021 FD 
target for the 
full year 
Water quality compliance (Compliance Risk Index) C 
2.11 
0 
Water Supply Interruptions (average minutes lost) 
05:11 
06:30 
Mains Repairs (per 1,000km of network) 
78.0 
138.9 
Unplanned water treatment works outage (%) 
0.83 
2.34 
Treatment works compliance (%) C 
99.3 
100 
Pollution incidents (per 10,000km of sewer) C 
21.84 
24.51 
Leakage (% reduction) – 3-year average 
2.5 
1.8 
Per Capita Consumption (% reduction) – 3-year average 
(note 1) 
-8.4 
1.0 
Internal sewer flooding (per 10,000 sewer connections) 
0.81 
1.68 
Sewer collapses (per 1,000 km of sewers) 
3.66 
7.20 
C-MeX (note 2) 
Rank 4th 
n/a 
D-MeX (note 3) 
Rank 13th 
n/a 
Priority 
Services 
for 
Customers 
in 
Vulnerable 
Circumstance - Reach (% of total household customer 
base) 
4.7 
4.3 
Risk of severe restrictions in a drought (%) 
4.52 
4.53 
Risk of sewer flooding in a storm (%) 
Measured annually 
30.69 
Notes: 
C = Measured from the start of the calendar year (January to September 2020). All other commitments are measured from 
the start of the financial year (April to September 2020). 
 
* Performance figures are unaudited, and will be covered by DCC’s full assurance processes, including external auditor 
review, at financial year end. 
1. The full impact of the Covid-19 pandemic is still emerging but the achievement of some operational targets is likely to 
be affected, for example, Per Capita Consumption: DCC has seen an increase in household consumption in light of the 
public health focus on increased handwashing and the shift to home working where possible, hence the negative 
performance score of -8.4% for the first six months of the year. 
2. C-MeX is a measure of customer experience and satisfaction. It is comprised of two survey elements: 
i. Customer Experience Survey – a customer satisfaction survey amongst a random sample of the water 
company’s customers; and 
ii. Customer Service Survey – a customer satisfaction survey amongst a random sample of those customers 
who have contacted their water company. 
The scores of each of the two surveys are weighted equally to produce the combined C-MeX measure. The FD did not set 
a specific target for each company: however, DCC’s internal target is to achieve a ranking of 3rd or better. 
3. D-MeX is a measure of customer satisfaction with Developer Services and is calculated from two components that 
contribute equally: 
i. qualitative D-MeX score, based on the ratings provided by Developer Services customers who transacted with 
the company throughout the reporting year to a customer satisfaction survey; and 
ii. quantitative D-MeX score, based on the company’s performance against a set of selected Water UK performance 
metrics throughout the reporting year.  
The FD did not set a specific target for each company: however, DCC’s internal target is to achieve performance that 
would place it in the upper quartile for the industry. 
 
For the 2020-2021 financial year, DCC expects to earn rewards for some PCs but also expects to pay penalties 
for others. However, the balance between the two will not be known until the year is complete. 
Further detail on all of DCC’s PCs and ODIs is presented in the relevant FD document, available at 
https://www.ofwat.gov.uk/wp-content/uploads/2019/12/PR19-final-determinations-D%C5%B5r-Cymru-
%E2%80%93-Outcomes-performance-commitment-appendix.pdf.

--- Page 60 ---
60 
Turnover 
For the year ended 31 March 2020, total revenue was £777.3 million, yielding operating profits before 
financing costs of £31.2 million. 
Water supply and sewerage services charges are set so as to reflect the average costs of providing each 
service. The average domestic bill within the region supplied by DCC was £444 for the year to 31 March 
2020. 
During the year ended 31 March 2020, approximately 47 per cent. of household water and sewerage 
customers paid according to their domestic metered consumption. The WIA grants domestic customers the 
right to have a free meter installed if they wish to have one, where this is practicable. New properties are also 
generally metered. 
Customers with unmetered supplies are billed primarily in advance on an annual basis with payments due 
annually, half-yearly or by instalments. For supplies of metered water, non-household customers are billed 
periodically depending on the size of their consumption and household customers are normally billed half-
yearly. Approximately 24 per cent. of DCC’s appointed revenue comes from non-household customers. 
DCC offers a variety of payment options for settling charges for water supply and sewerage services, 
including social tariffs for household customers on low incomes and with particular needs. In 2019-2020, it 
assisted approximately 133,000 customers at a cost to DCC of approximately £8 million which formed part of 
the Glas Group’s annual customer distributions for that year (see “Customer Distributions” below for further 
detail). The WIA prohibits the disconnection of household customers and other protected premises for non-
payment of bills. Industrial and commercial customers are subject to a range of actions for non-payments 
including disconnection where persistent failure to settle charges occurs. 
Billing and collection services include meter reading, account maintenance, billing collections, debt 
management and all associated calls and correspondence. DCC also has supplementary billing and collection 
agreements with some local authorities and housing associations. 
DCC’s total bad debt charge for the year to 31 March 2020 was £25.2 million, equal to 3.2 per cent. of 
turnover. The bad debt charge (as a percentage of revenue) is an alternative performance measure and is 
calculated as the charge divided by the turnover. 
Under the August 2019 Business Plan for the five-year regulatory period from 1 April 2020 to 31 March 2025 
DCC has set itself the target of keeping the average household bill below its 2019-20 level in real (CPIH) 
terms. This is one of the regulatory PCs for the AMP7 period and carries a “reputation only” ODI. 
Operating Costs 
DCC’s operating expenditure (excluding depreciation, amortisation and infrastructure renewals expenditure) 
was £324.0 million in the year to 31 March 2020. 
DCC achieved a reduction of 11 per cent. in its operating costs between 2014/15 and 2019/20. A further 10 
per cent. is planned over the five-year period to March 2025, to be delivered through a combination of 
streamlining processes and changes to working practices, investing in “green energy” to reduce power costs 
and a phased reduction by March 2025 of the number of employees across the business by around 200, which 
is planned to be achieved via a combination of retirement, natural staff turnover and voluntary severance. 
Insurance 
DCC maintains comprehensive insurance cover consistent with the generally accepted practices of prudent 
water and sewerage companies. This includes property damage and business interruption insurance which 
covers the risk of loss and damage, including terrorism cover. DCC also has third party liability insurance, 
which includes public and product liability insurance.

--- Page 61 ---
61 
Financing Costs and Strategy  
For the year ended 31 March 2020, DCC’s net interest payable (before fair value adjustments) was £165.2 
million, representing an average interest cost of approximately 5 per cent. The net interest payable for the year 
included indexation charges of £36.3 million in respect of Indexed Bonds (as defined in the Chapter 7 “Terms 
and Conditions of the Bonds”) in issue reflecting the RPI indexation of the principal in respect of such Bonds 
during the year and £6.1 million in respect of the £230 million index-linked loan from the European 
Investment Bank reflecting the RPI indexation for such loan.  
As at 31 March 2020, after taking into account derivative financial instruments 100 per cent. of DCC’s gross 
debt was either linked to the Retail Prices Index or at a fixed rate.  
Upon Glas’ acquisition of DCC in May 2001, regulatory gearing was approximately 93 per cent. This figure 
has been gradually reduced to 59.5 per cent. as at 31 March 2020. 
The board of directors of DCC considers an appropriate level of gearing (net debt divided by DCC’s RAV) for 
the business to be around 60 per cent. 
The 60 per cent. level of gearing was assessed as sufficient to maintain an A grade rating for the Class B 
Bonds of the Issuer for AMP7, assuming that all other factors remain constant. Appropriate levels of gearing 
will be reassessed by DCC at each subsequent price review.  
Customer Distributions 
Customer distributions represent the value of the financial headroom made available, by the Glas Group, to be 
spent on benefits to customers over and above the price control commitments. They are decided each year by 
the board, in light of its customer distribution policy which is both financially prudent and consistent with the 
board’s gearing policy and ensures that value has been earned before it is distributed. 
On 5 June 2020 DCC announced that it will provide £11 million of contributions to social tariffs over the year 
to 31 March 2021 to its lowest-earning customers, helping nearly 130,000 customers with their bills. These 
customer rebates represent revenues foregone by DCC by not applying the full price control available to it. 
Over the past 20 years, customer benefits funded by discretionary expenditure have included additional 
capital projects, customer rebates, subsidies for low income or vulnerable customers and support for 
community projects. Such distributions for the benefit of customers total over £440 million since 2001. 
AMP7 Capital Investment Programme 
In the AMP7 period DCC plans to invest approximately £1.8 billion in capital projects. The strategic focus of 
the capital programme is on drinking water improvements, environmental protection, and future service 
resilience, all whilst ensuring levels of service for customers are maintained and costs are kept low. Notable 
components include the following: 
• 
the design and procurement activities for the new “Cwm Taf” treatment works in the Merthyr Tydfil 
area to meet the Drinking Water Inspectorate (“DWI”) requirements for water treatment improvement, 
replacing three ageing works, with construction expected to commence in 2025 with water into service 
in 2030. The project will be delivered under the new DPC framework (see Chapter 5 “Water 
Regulation”); 
• 
a programme of comprehensive ‘Zonal Studies’ targeting improvements in customer acceptability of 
water and customer minutes lost due to interruptions, as well as meeting DWI requirements; 
• 
investment into manganese treatment at six treatment works to address customer acceptability of water 
(odour and discolouration issues); 
• 
water resources management plan to ensure the resilience of upstream water sources, as well as water 
quality improvements to at least 15 high risk catchments;

--- Page 62 ---
62 
• 
significant investment in dam and reservoir safety including improvements to spillways and pipes in 
dams to meet new legal and climate change requirements at around 30 locations; 
• 
a campaign of work at customers’ houses and in networks to achieve a 15 per cent. reduction in 
leakage; 
• 
the National Environment Programme developed with NRW of over £200 million including 25 
treatment works upgrades and spill reductions at key combined sewer overflows informed by the 
company’s Storm Overflow Assessment Framework (“SOAF”) investigation programme; 
• 
investment into 5-10 wastewater treatment works upgrades to account for population growth; 
• 
investment in the wastewater network and wastewater treatment works to ensure compliance with flow 
permits at 27 sites; 
• 
development of detailed Drainage and Wastewater Management Plans together with targeted 
investment to address sewer flooding to meet the challenge of achieving a net reduction in internal and 
external flooding incidents against the backdrop of climate change and increased urbanisation; 
• 
resilience improvements to water and wastewater networks including a link main between DCC’s two 
largest water supply systems as well as emergency storage facilities for sludge and resilience of power 
supplies and systems at 15 wastewater treatment works; and 
• 
large-scale investment into proactive and reactive maintenance within water treatment works, water 
networks, wastewater treatment works, wastewater networks and bioresources to ensure performance 
targets and objectives continue to be met. 
DCC has agreements in place with the following principal capital partners to deliver the capital programme in 
the AMP7 period: Mott Macdonald Bentley, Morgan Sindall Limited, Skanska, Ove Arup & Partners Limited, 
and Arcadis. 
Completion of the AMP6 Capital Programme  
During the year ended 31 March 2020, the last year of the AMP6 price control period, DCC’s capital 
expenditure was £456 million, before grants and contributions, split broadly equally between water and 
wastewater. Across the whole of the AMP6 period, cumulative aggregate wholesale expenditure (“Totex”, the 
sum of operating and capital expenditure) was £175.8 million higher than the amounts allowed at the 2014 
periodic review (in 2017-18 prices). This reflects the additional investment funded by customer distributions 
as well as the impacts of adverse weather, targeting investment in leakage and customer acceptability 
measures, and additional legislative requirements. Cumulative water supply Totex was £181.1 million higher 
than the regulator’s assumptions while cumulative wastewater Totex was £5.3 million lower. 
Political and Other Developments 
• 
Renationalisation 
DCC and the UK water industry generally face increased scrutiny from regulators and key stakeholders, 
including the UK Government and other political parties.  
During the course of the 2017 and 2019 UK General Election campaigns, the Labour Party indicated that 
if elected it would bring the delivery of water and wastewater services in England back into public 
ownership. However, it had previously been reported that this plan did not extend to the delivery of such 
services in Wales (see Chapter 2 “Risk Factors – Risks relating to DCC and its business – Political Policy 
and other Legislative Risks – 1.9 Renationalisation”).

--- Page 63 ---
63 
• Covid-19 
The ongoing Covid-19 worldwide pandemic has had a material impact on DCC’s operations and its 
finances. Over 2,000 employees moved from office-based working to home working over the course of a 
few weeks in March and April 2020. Operational practices and procedures were quickly amended to 
ensure strict health and safety protocols for those continuing to work on the front line. Measures were put 
in place to provide temporary assistance to certain groups of customers significantly affected, including 
the implementation of flexible payment arrangements for customers struggling to pay their bills, and the 
suspension of standing charges for around 45,000 businesses during the UK-wide lockdown. In general, 
the pandemic has not had a material impact on DCC’s service levels. However, in the first six months of 
2020-2021 an estimated £16.8 million of exceptional costs attributable to Covid-19 were incurred, 
including an additional £7.4 million of bad debt charges. It is too early to estimate what the total effect of 
the pandemic will be on DCC’s finances over the remainder of 2021 and the coming years. 
The Issuer  
Introduction 
The Issuer was incorporated in England and Wales on 16 April 2019 as a limited liability company, with 
registered number 11949988. The registered office of the Issuer is Linea, Fortran Road, St Mellons, Cardiff, 
CF3 0LT, Wales, UK. The Issuer is a wholly owned subsidiary of Holdings and has no subsidiaries. 
The Issuer has no employees nor does it own any tangible or physical assets (including, in particular, any real 
property). Administration and treasury operations are conducted on its behalf by DCC and certain third 
parties. The telephone number of the principal place of business of the Issuer is +44 (0) 2920 740450. 
The Issuer is a special purpose financing vehicle for the purpose of issuing asset-backed securities to facilitate 
future financing of the operating and capital requirements of DCC through, inter alia, the issuance of Bonds 
and other financial indebtedness. 
The Issuer’s authorised share capital is £50,001 divided into 50,001 ordinary shares of £1 each. The shares 
have all been issued. Two shares are fully paid up, and 49,999 shares are partly paid up.  
The Issuer’s auditor is KPMG LLP, a registered auditor and member of the Institute of Chartered Accountants 
in England and Wales, of 3 Assembly Square, Britannia Quay, Cardiff CF10 4AX (the “Issuer Auditor”). The 
Issuer’s accounting reference date is 31 March, and the latest audited accounts for the Issuer are for the period 
ended 31 March 2020. The Issuer was incorporated in 2019, therefore its audited accounts for the period 
ended 31 March 2020 are its first full year audited accounts. The Issuer’s accounts are prepared in accordance 
with IFRS. The audited accounts for the Issuer for the period ended 31 March 2020 are incorporated by 
reference into this Prospectus.  
In addition to the Bonds issued on the Initial Issue Date, the Second Issue Date, the Third Issue Date, the 
Fourth Issue Date, the Fifth Issue Date, the Sixth Issue Date, the Seventh Issue Date and the Eighth Issue 
Date, the Issuer has entered into (a) the AG Liquidity Facility Agreements to enable it to draw monies in order 
to fund Liquidity Shortfalls (as defined below); (b) Hedging Agreements (as defined below) in accordance 
with the hedging policy; and (c) Authorised Loan Facilities (as defined below). The Issuer has also on-lent the 
existing bond issue proceeds under intercompany loans and will on-lend the proceeds of any further bond 
issue under new intercompany loans. (See Chapter 6 “Financing Structure” under “Summary of the Finance 
Documents”.) 
Glas Cymru Holdings Cyfyngedig 
Glas Holdings is a private company limited by guarantee. Glas Holdings was incorporated in England and 
Wales on 15 December 2015 under the Companies Act, with registered number 9917809.

--- Page 64 ---
64 
Introduction 
Glas Holdings was established as the new holding company of the Glas Group for the sole purpose of 
enabling the establishment, acquisition and operation of new businesses or ventures by Glas Holdings (or its 
commercial subsidiaries) in the utility and infrastructure sectors. The insertion of Glas Holdings as the new 
ultimate holding company of the Glas Group was approved by the DCC Secured Creditors by way of a DCC 
STID Proposal dated 9 December 2015 and separately implemented, by way of a scheme of arrangement, on 
1 March 2016.  
The new businesses or ventures of Glas Holdings (or its commercial subsidiaries) are funded using the 
financial surpluses of DCC, up to a maximum aggregate value of £100,000,000 (indexed in line with RPI) (in 
order to cap the amount invested in such new businesses at around two per cent. of the Glas Group’s RAV). 
For the avoidance of doubt, Glas Holdings is not part of the Glas Group and is therefore not subject to the full 
package of representations, warranties and covenants that are set out in the Common Terms Agreement. Since 
Glas Holdings sits outside the Glas Group, it is not a Guarantor of the DCC Secured Liabilities in the same 
manner as Glas, Glas Securities and Holdings. 
The registered office of Glas Holdings is Linea, Fortran Road, St Mellons, Cardiff, CF3 0LT, Wales, UK. 
Corporate Governance 
The board of directors of Glas Holdings is accountable to the members of Glas Holdings. Glas Holdings 
currently has 60 members in addition to the directors, who are also members. Members do not receive 
dividends and, other than their liability to pay £1 upon a winding up of the company, have no financial 
interest in the company. Members are generally individuals from across the region currently served by DCC 
with backgrounds in a variety of sectors including industry, commerce, finance, small business, education, 
health, the environment, charities and local government. The process of selecting members is overseen by an 
independent membership selection panel in accordance with the company’s published membership policy. 
Glas Holdings is also subject to the provisions of the UK Companies Acts 2006. In addition, Glas Holdings 
operates as if it were a publicly listed company in all material respects as regards corporate governance and 
reporting. It follows the UK Corporate Governance Code and the WSRA's Principles of Board Leadership, 
Transparency and Governance for water company boards of directors. Its auditor is KPMG LLP, a registered 
auditor and member of the Institute of Chartered Accountants in England and Wales, of 3 Assembly Square, 
Britannia Quay, Cardiff CF10 4AX. 
DCC has the same board of directors as Glas Holdings. Each of DCC and Glas Holdings has undertaken to 
maintain a majority of independent non-executive directors on their boards of directors. 
Remuneration Policy 
The principles and framework of the current Remuneration Policy, as proposed by the Remuneration 
Committee, were approved by Glas members at the Annual General Meeting held on 3 July 2020 and were 
effective from that date. The Remuneration Policy aligns executive directors’ remuneration with the 
implementation of DCC’s long-term strategy to deliver the best possible outcomes for its customers and to 
protect the environment. Under the policy, remuneration is linked to performance both annually and over the 
five-year regulatory period that commenced in April 2020.  
The Remuneration Policy is implemented to ensure that: 
 
(i) 
levels of base salary and total remuneration (when assessed periodically against the market) are fair 
and competitive having regard to an individual’s experience and responsibility, in order to attract and 
retain necessary skills and talent;

--- Page 65 ---
65 
(ii) 
performance improvement is encouraged by ensuring that a significant proportion of total 
remuneration opportunity is linked to performance, whilst guarding against encouraging inappropriate 
risk taking; 
(iii) 
AVPS (as defined below) incentives are focused on the outcomes which are considered important for 
customers and calibrated against the prior year’s performance assessed by the WSRA and other 
regulators, in order to incentivise sector-leading performance in a transparent and accountable way; 
and 
(iv) 
the LTVPS (as defined below) is focused on Totex performance (overall cost efficiency and spend over 
the period 2020-2025) and performance measures which support the long term strategic goals of DCC 
as set out in Welsh Water 2050, and is linked to the overall reward/penalty position in relation to the 
WSRA’s outcome delivery incentives for those measures over the period 2020-2025. 
The terms of reference for the Remuneration Committee provide that it will have oversight of the 
remuneration arrangements across the business as a whole. The Remuneration Committee also considers the 
impact of the policy in light of the broader social, environmental and not for shareholder status of the wider 
corporate group. 
DCC negotiates salaries for the wider workforce with three recognised trade unions by means of a single table 
approach. The Remuneration Committee considers the agreed increase for the wider employee base and also 
reviews market practice and conditions. The performance commitments and cost elements which form the 
basis of the AVPS and LTVPS for executive directors are also the basis of variable pay arrangements for the 
wider executive team and across the organisation. The Remuneration Committee does not formally consult 
with employees on executive pay, but does regularly seek the views of the People and Workforce Director and 
takes into account views expressed in dialogue with Glas members and engages informally with employees to 
seek their views. 
Annual Variable Pay Scheme (“AVPS”) 
The maximum variable pay that executive directors can earn under the AVPS in 2020-2021 equates to 100 per 
cent. of base salary. For the period 2020-2025 the scheme has been amended to focus on the key performance 
objectives of the FD. The personal objectives which were a component of the previous scheme have been 
replaced by a suite of strategic goals which are selected by the Remuneration Committee each year. The 
achievement of variable pay is assessed across three components. 
Component 
Description 
Customer Service (40% 
weighting) 
Based on the overall reward/penalty performance over three customer 
service measures taken from the FD: C-MeX, D-MeX and Business 
Customer satisfaction. 
Operational Performance 
(40% weighting) 
Based on the overall reward/penalty performance over a range of 11 key 
operational performance commitments from the FD. 
Strategic Goals (20% 
weighting) 
Up to 5 performance commitments from the FD, agreed annually by the 
Remuneration Committee 
 
Long Term Variable Pay Scheme (“LTVPS”) 
The objective of the LTVPS is to align the longer term aspects of total remuneration and focus of the 
Executive Directors with those of DCC’s customers and stakeholders and incentivise the achievement of the 
long term strategy. It is linked to DCC’s performance over the course of the five year regulatory period ending 
on 31 March 2025. The awards comprise annual cash payments of up to 60 per cent. of the maximum amount 
payable for the previous scheme year plus a balancing payment after the five-year period based on

--- Page 66 ---
66 
performance over the full five years. Under the LTVPS, awards can be made on the basis of performance 
against the following two discrete measures: 
(i) 
Totex (overall cost efficiency and spend) performance over the period 2020-2025; and 
(ii) 
performance development which is based on the overall reward/penalty performance over a range of 
17 performance commitments from the FD which are relevant to achieving DCC’s long-term goals in 
Welsh Water 2050. 
The maximum variable pay that the Chief Executive can earn under the LTVPS is 500 per cent. of salary over 
the five-year regulatory period (with a maximum potential award of 60 per cent. per annum plus a balancing 
payment in the final year). For the Chief Financial Officer, the maximum potential award is 300 per cent. of 
salary over the five-year regulatory period to 31 March 2025 (with a maximum potential award of 36 per cent. 
per annum plus a balancing payment in the final year). 
Acquisitions 
The new businesses or ventures of Glas Holdings (or its commercial subsidiaries) are funded using the 
financial surpluses of DCC, up to a maximum aggregate value of £100,000,000 (indexed) (in order to cap the 
amount invested in such new businesses at around two per cent. of the Glas Group’s RAV). On 19 December 
2017 the Glas Group acquired all of the shares in Welsh Water Organic Energy and Welsh Water Organic 
Energy (Cardiff) Limited. Collectively, the companies recycle food and green waste under a contract with 
Cardiff Council and the Vale of Glamorgan Council, and maintain an anaerobic digestion food waste facility 
which generates electricity for DCC’s Cardiff Wastewater Treatment Works site. 
Glas Cymru Anghyfyngedig 
Glas was incorporated in England and Wales on 13 April 2000 as a private company limited by guarantee 
under the Companies Act, with registered number 03975719. On 8 March 2016, Glas was re-registered as a 
private unlimited company.    
Glas was established for the sole purpose of acquiring and owning DCC, and on 11 May 2001, Glas acquired 
DCC through its intermediate holding company, Glas Securities.  
The registered office of Glas is Linea, Fortran Road, St Mellons, Cardiff, CF3 0LT, Wales, UK. 
Glas has no employees and does not own any tangible or physical assets (including, in particular, any real 
property) other than its shares in Glas Securities. 
The principal activity of Glas is to hold the share of Glas Securities and to enter into certain documents 
incidental to the Programme. 
The auditor of Glas is KPMG LLP, Chartered Accountants and Registered Auditor, of 3 Assembly Square, 
Britannia Quay, Cardiff, CF10 4AX (the “Glas Auditor” and together with the DCC Auditor and Issuer 
Auditor, the “Glas Group Auditor”). The accounting reference date of Glas is 31 March and the latest 
audited accounts, prepared under IFRS, are for the year ended 31 March 2020 which, together with those for 
the year ended 31 March 2019 are incorporated by reference into this Prospectus. 
Glas Cymru (Securities) Cyfyngedig 
Glas Securities was incorporated in England and Wales on 21 December 2000 as a private limited company 
under the Companies Act, with registered number 4129132 and is a wholly owned subsidiary of Glas. 
Glas Securities has no employees nor does it own any tangible or physical assets (including, in particular, any 
real property) other than its shares in Holdings. 
The principal activity of Glas Securities is to hold the shares of Holdings and to enter into certain documents 
necessary to effect the acquisition of DCC and all documents incidental to the Programme.

--- Page 67 ---
67 
Glas Securities’ authorised share capital is £100 divided into 100 ordinary shares of £1 each. One such 
ordinary share has been issued and is fully paid up and held by Glas. As at the date of this Prospectus, Glas 
Securities owes £1.4 million to Glas under an inter-company balance, representing its net acquisition cost of 
Holdings. 
Dŵr Cymru (Holdings) Limited 
Holdings was incorporated in England and Wales on 23 March 2000 as a limited liability company under the 
Companies Act, with registered number 3954867 and is a wholly owned subsidiary of Glas Securities.  
Holdings has no employees and does not own any tangible or physical assets (including, in particular, any real 
property) other than its shares in DCC and the Issuer (each of which is a wholly owned subsidiary). 
The principal activity of Holdings is to hold the shares of DCC and the Issuer, and to enter into certain 
documents incidental to the Programme.  
Holdings authorised share capital is £31,000 divided into 1,000 ordinary shares of £1 each and 30,000 
redeemable preferred ordinary (non-voting) shares of £1 each. 
The issued share capital is £30,001 (1 ordinary share and 30,000 redeemable preferred ordinary (non-voting) 
shares owned by Glas Securities). 
Management of Glas Holdings, DCC and the Issuer 
Executive Directors of Glas Holdings and DCC: 
The executive directors of both Glas Holdings and DCC are Peter Perry and Mike Davis. Peter Perry 
succeeded Christopher Jones (who retired as a Director in May 2020) as Chief Executive on 1 April 2020. 
Directors of the Issuer: 
The directors of the Issuer are Peter Perry, Mike Davis and Roger Morgan (alternate director to Mike Davis). 
Peter Perry 
Peter was appointed Chief Executive Officer in April 2020. He was the Managing Director of Dŵr Cymru 
Welsh Water from October 2017 after four years as Chief Operating Officer. Appointed Operations Director 
of Welsh Water in July 2006, Peter has a civil engineering background and was formerly the Chief Operating 
Officer for United Utilities Operational Services (UUOS), having previously been the Operations Director 
with responsibility for the operational contract with Welsh Water and UUOS’ water interests in Scotland and 
Ireland. Prior to that he worked for Welsh Water for over 20 years. Peter is also currently Chair of Business in 
the Community Cymru and a Member of the Water UK Board. 
Mike Davis 
Mike Davis was appointed Chief Financial Officer on 1 January 2020. Mike graduated as a chemical engineer 
and qualified as a chartered accountant with PwC. He has previous experience in the media, information and 
communications technology (ICT) and mining industries, including a role as Finance Director for two private 
equity start-up businesses. During 2010-2014, he was a non-executive director at RCT Homes, a registered 
social landlord, chairing its Asset Management Committee and Treasury Committee. He was also a director of 
UK Water Industry Research. Mike previously held the positions of Director of Strategy and Regulation and 
Financial Controller at Welsh Water, with a focus on regulatory price reviews and competition.

--- Page 68 ---
68 
The non-executive directors of Glas Holdings and DCC are: 
Alastair Lyons CBE (Chairman) 
Alastair is the Non-Executive Chairman of Glas Holdings and DCC and also of the Harworth Group Plc, 
Vitality UK, Admiral Europe Compania de Seguros, and the Eaton House Schools Group. Previously he was 
Non-Executive Chairman of the Admiral Group, the Serco Group, and Towergate Insurance, Deputy 
Chairman of the Bovis Homes Group and Senior Independent Director at Phoenix, a life assurance 
consolidator. In his executive career Alastair was Chief Executive of the National & Provincial Building 
Society and the National Provident Institution and Director of Corporate Projects at NatWest Bank. He was 
awarded the CBE in 2001 for services to social security having served as a Non-Executive Director of both 
the Department for Work & Pensions and the Department of Transport.  
Graham Edwards (Senior Independent Director) 
Chief Executive Officer of Wales & West Utilities and Board member of the University of South Wales. 
Graham has significant senior management experience in the utility sector running electricity distribution and 
water businesses with South Wales Electricity, Hyder and Thames Water. Prior to working in utilities he held 
senior positions in various functions across a wide range of manufacturing businesses including engineering, 
production and human resources. His previous Non-Executive Director appointments include Chair of CBI 
Wales and Business in the Community Wales and Non-Executive Director of The Royal Welsh College of 
Music and Drama. 
Joanne Kenrick 
Joanne was the Marketing Director for Homebase until the end of 2015. Prior to that, Joanne was CEO of 
Start, setting up and running HRH the Prince of Wales’ public facing initiative for a more sustainable future. 
Other former roles include Marketing and Customer Proposition Director for B&Q, Marketing Director for 
the National Lottery, and Group Sales and Marketing Director at Wilson Connolly and, more recently, Non-
Executive Director at Principality Building Society and of BACS Payment Services Ltd. She has also worked 
for Woolworths, Asda, PepsiCo and Masterfoods. Joanne is currently the Senior Independent Director and 
Chair of the Remuneration Committee at Coventry Building Society, a Non-Executive Director of Safestore, 
the UK’s largest self-storage business, and independent Chair of the Current Account Switch, Cash ISA 
Switch, and PayM Mobile Payments Services for Pay.UK and Chairman of the Trustees of the children’s 
charity Make Some Noise. 
John Warren 
John is a qualified accountant with more than 25 years’ experience in finance roles and has extensive 
experience in chairing Audit Committees of major UK listed companies. Until his retirement in 2005, he was 
Group Finance Director for WH Smith Plc and, before that, United Biscuits (Holdings) Plc. John is currently 
a Non-Executive Director and Chairman of the Audit Committee for 4imprint Group Plc and Bloomsbury 
Publishing Plc. His former appointments as Non-Executive Director and Chairman of the Audit Committee 
include Greencore Group Plc, Spectris Plc, Rexam Plc, Bovis Homes Group Plc, Rank Group Plc, Uniq Plc, 
Arla Foods UK Plc, and BPP Holdings Plc. John will be retiring as a Director of Glas Holdings and DCC at 
the Glas Holdings annual general meeting in July 2021. 
Thomas Crick MBE 
Tom is Professor of Digital Policy at Swansea University, with his academic interests sitting at the 
research/policy interface, from data science, cyber security and intelligent systems, through to digital public 
services. He has provided expert advice to the Welsh and UK Governments across a number of policy areas 
and is a Commissioner of the National Infrastructure Commission for Wales, as well as a Non-Executive 
Director of Swansea Bay University Health Board. Tom is a Chartered Engineer and a Chartered Scientist, 
and was previously a Vice-President of BCS, The Chartered Institute for IT (2017-2020). He is a Fellow of

--- Page 69 ---
69 
the Learned Society of Wales, and was appointed MBE in the 2017 Birthday Honours for services to 
computer science. 
Debra Bowen Rees  
Debra has a wealth of experience in leadership and management, including managing safety-critical, 
regulated infrastructure. After a successful career and a number of senior positions in the Royal Air Force, 
Debra joined Cardiff Airport in 2012 as Operations Director, before being appointed Managing Director in 
2014. She became the Chief Executive of the Welsh Government-owned airport in 2017 and was responsible 
for leading the airport through a period of transformational change. In August 2020, Debra stepped down as 
Chief Executive of Cardiff Airport and subsequently from the Board of Directors in September 2020. Her 
other current non-executive roles include as a Non-Executive Director at the Port of Milford Haven and as 
Trustee and Board Member at Hijinx Theatre Company. 
Jane Hanson 
Jane was appointed as a Non-Executive Director on 1 January 2021. Jane is a qualified Chartered Accountant 
and has extensive experience of Enterprise Risk Management, Corporate Governance and Internal Control 
frameworks in heavily regulated, FTSE, Not for Profit and private sector organisations. She also has wide 
experience of developing and monitoring customer and conduct risk frameworks and overseeing large and 
complex IT and transformation programmes. Jane is also a magistrate. Her current other Non-Executive roles 
include Chairman of The Reclaim Fund Ltd and Non-Executive Director of Rothesay Life Plc, Direct Line 
Group Plc and William Hill Plc, serving as a member of the Audit Committee of the latter two companies and 
as Chair of Direct Line Group’s Board Risk Committee. Jane is also Honorary Treasurer at the Disasters 
Emergency Committee. Previous appointments include as Non-Executive Director at Old Mutual Wealth Plc 
and Aviva Ireland and as an Independent Member of the Customer Fairness Committee at ReAssure Ltd.  
The company secretary for the Issuer, Glas Holdings, and DCC, as well as Glas, Glas Securities, and Holdings 
is Nicola Williams. The business address of each of the non-executive directors, executive directors and the 
company secretary is the registered office of Glas Holdings, Linea, Fortran Road, St Mellons, Cardiff, CF3 
0LT, Wales, UK. 
No director or the company secretary of the Issuer, Glas Holdings, DCC, Glas, Glas Securities, or Holdings 
has any actual or potential conflict of interest between his or her duties to the Issuer, Glas Holdings, DCC, 
Glas, Glas Securities, or Holdings and his or her private interests or other duties.

--- Page 70 ---
70 
CHAPTER 5  
WATER REGULATION 
Water Regulation Generally 
Regulatory Framework 
The activities of Undertakers are principally regulated by the provisions of the WIA and the regulations made 
under the WIA and the Conditions of Appointment. Under the WIA, the Secretary of State has a duty to 
ensure that at all times there is an appointed Undertaker for every area of England and Wales. Appointments 
may be made by the Secretary of State or in accordance with a general authorisation given by the Secretary of 
State to the WSRA. 
The WSRA (also commonly known as Ofwat), a non-ministerial government department, is the economic 
regulator for water and wastewater in England and Wales and is responsible for, inter alia, setting price 
controls and monitoring and enforcing Conditions of Appointment. In relation to DCC’s, Hafren Dyfrdwy's, 
and Albion Eco Limited’s areas of appointment, as companies whose areas of supply are ‘wholly or mainly in 
Wales’, certain of the powers of the Secretary of State have been transferred to the Welsh Government. 
Undertakers are required by their Conditions of Appointment to make an annual return to the WSRA 
(including accounts and financial information) to enable the WSRA to assess their affairs. The two principal 
quality regulators are the DWI which is part of DEFRA, and NRW. The Consumer Council for Water 
(“CCW”) provides advice and support to customers, promotes the interests of customers more widely, and 
assists in the resolution of customer complaints. 
The WSRA and the Secretary of State 
The chairman and other members of the WSRA are appointed for fixed terms by the Secretary of State (in 
consultation with the Welsh Government). They are independent of government ministers and may only be 
removed for incapacity or misconduct. 
Duties of the WSRA and the Secretary of State 
Each of the Secretary of State and the WSRA has a primary duty under the WIA to exercise and perform their 
powers and duties under the WIA in the manner they consider best calculated to: 
(i) 
further the consumer objective which is to protect the interests of consumers (particularly 
certain specified categories of consumer), wherever appropriate by promoting effective 
competition between persons engaged in, or in commercial activities connected with, the 
provision of water and sewerage services; 
(ii) 
secure that the functions of Undertakers are properly carried out throughout England and Wales; 
(iii) 
secure that Undertakers are able (in particular, by securing reasonable returns on their capital) 
to finance the proper carrying out of those functions; 
(iv) 
secure that the activities authorised by the licence of a water supply licensee or sewerage 
licensee and any statutory functions imposed on it in consequence of the licence are properly 
carried out; and 
(v) 
further the resilience objective, which is to secure the long-term resilience of water supply and 
sewerage systems and services. 
Subject to these primary duties, each of the Secretary of State and the WSRA has a number of secondary 
duties, including obligations to: 
(i) 
protect economy and efficiency on the part of Undertakers;

--- Page 71 ---
71 
(ii) 
ensure that no undue discrimination or preference is shown by Undertakers in the setting of 
charges to customers; 
(iii) 
ensure that Undertakers do not show undue discrimination or preference in relation to the 
operation of the water supply regime; 
(iv) 
protect the interests of customers in relation to the benefits that could be secured from the 
proceeds of disposal of certain land; 
(v) 
protect the interests of customers in relation to the carrying out of activities by Undertakers 
which do not fall within the scope of their statutory functions; and  
(vi) 
contribute to the achievement of sustainable development. 
The Welsh Government  
The Welsh Government (previously known as the Welsh Assembly Government) is the devolved government 
for Wales.  
The majority of the functions of the Secretary of State set out in the WIA are transferred, in as far as they 
relate to Undertakers whose areas are wholly or mainly in Wales, to the Welsh Government. 
Those duties, powers and functions transferred include: 
(i) 
general duties with respect to the water industry; 
(ii) 
the power to publish a Strategic Policy Statement setting out the priorities and objectives in 
accordance with which the WSRA is required to carry out its functions; 
(iii) 
the power to appoint (or to consent or give a general authorisation for the WSRA to appoint) an 
Undertaker; 
(iv) 
the right to petition for special administration orders; 
(v) 
enforcement of the various duties of the Undertakers; 
(vi) 
the making of regulations on standards of performance; 
(vii) 
the power to impose financial penalties on Undertakers for contraventions of certain 
obligations; 
(viii) the power to institute proceedings for the offence of supplying water unfit for human 
consumption; and 
(ix) 
authorising the giving of financial assistance to, or guaranteeing the financial obligations of (in 
each case with the consent of the Treasury), a company where a special administration order is 
in force. 
The Welsh Government also has devolved powers in relation to policy and legislation in respect of areas of 
competence such as Water and Flood Defences, sewerage and environmental regulation. 
Nothing in the provisions for transferring functions to the Welsh Government affects the role of the WSRA, 
which retains the same regulatory functions and powers in respect of DCC as it possesses in respect of 
Undertakers in England. 
Under the Wales Act 2017, the geographical scope of the Welsh Government's role in terms of legislative and 
executive powers over Undertakers “wholly or mainly in Wales” will be adjusted, with the result that 
legislative and executive devolved powers in relation to water and sewerage will be aligned with the national 
territorial boundary, thereby excluding those parts of DCC's area that are situated within England which will 
then fall under the UK Government as far as devolved matters are concerned. The Wales Act 2017 provides 
for the agreement of a protocol between the two governments to ensure that the effect of the exercise of

--- Page 72 ---
72 
powers by either government does not have a serious adverse impact on water resources, water quality or 
water supply on the other side of the border, and this came into effect on 1 April 2018. However, the 
geographical re-alignment of the Welsh Government's role has not yet been implemented as of the date of this 
Prospectus. 
Variation and Termination of an Appointment  
There are certain circumstances in which an Undertaker could cease to hold the Appointment for all or part of 
its area: 
• 
an Undertaker could consent to the making of a replacement appointment or variation, which changes 
its appointed area, and the WSRA has the authority to appoint a new Undertaker; 
• 
under Condition O of the Instrument of Appointment, provided at least 25 years’ notice has been given 
by the Welsh Ministers; 
• 
under the provisions of the special administration regime (the Instrument of Appointment may be 
terminated and the special administrator may transfer the business to a successor (see “Special 
Administration Orders” below)); or 
• 
by the granting of an “inset” appointment over part of an Undertaker’s existing appointed area to 
another Undertaker (see below for further details). 
Before making an appointment or variation, the WSRA or the Secretary of State must consider any 
representations or objections made. In making an appointment or variation replacing an Undertaker and where 
the Secretary of State or the WSRA is to determine what provision should be made for fixing charges, it is the 
duty of the Secretary of State or the WSRA to ensure, so far as may be consistent with their duties under the 
WIA, that the interests of the members and creditors of the existing Undertaker are not unfairly prejudiced as 
regards the terms on which the new Undertaker could accept transfers of property, rights and liabilities from 
the existing Undertaker. 
An “inset” appointment can be granted to a company seeking to provide water and/or sewerage services on a 
greenfield site, or to a large user of water and/or sewerage services within an existing Undertaker’s area, or 
where the incumbent Undertaker consents to the variation. The volume threshold for large user insets is 250 
megalitres per annum in DCC’s area. 
Conditions of an Appointment may be modified in accordance with the procedures laid down in the WIA. 
Subject to a power of veto in certain circumstances by the Secretary of State, the WSRA may modify the 
conditions of an Appointment with the consent of the Undertaker concerned. Before making the 
modifications, the WSRA must publish the proposed modifications as part of a consultation process, giving 
third parties the opportunity to make representations and objections which the WSRA must consider. In the 
absence of consent or primary legislation, the WSRA can secure a modification through a modification 
reference to the CMA. A modification reference may also be required in the event of a direction from the 
Secretary of State to the effect that, inter alia, in his view, the modifications should only be made, if at all, 
following a reference to the CMA. 
A modification reference requires the CMA to investigate and report on whether matters specified in the 
reference operate, or may be expected to operate, against the public interest and, if so, whether the adverse 
public interest effect of those matters could be remedied or prevented by modification of the conditions of the 
Appointment. In determining whether any particular matter operates or may be expected to operate against the 
public interest, the CMA is to have regard to the matters in relation to which duties are imposed on the 
Secretary of State and the WSRA. 
If there is an adverse finding, the CMA’s report will state whether any adverse effects on the public interest 
could be remedied or prevented by modification of the Appointment. If the CMA so concludes, the WSRA 
must then make such modifications to the Appointment as appear to it necessary to remedy or prevent the

--- Page 73 ---
73 
adverse effects specified in the report whilst having regard to the modifications specified therein and after 
giving due notice and consideration to any representations and objections. 
If it appears to the CMA that the proposed modifications are not requisite for the purpose of remedying or 
preventing the adverse effects specified in its report, the CMA has the power to substitute its own 
modifications which are requisite for the purpose. 
It is possible for primary legislation to confer on the WSRA the power to modify Appointments without the 
consent of the Undertaker albeit that this is usually a time-limited power and any modification must usually 
be made in accordance with, and as a direct consequence of, a provision of such primary legislation.  
Enforcement Orders 
The general duties of Undertakers are enforceable by the Secretary of State or the WSRA or both, although, in 
the case of DCC, certain of the enforcement duties, in as far as they relate to Wales, have been transferred to 
the Welsh Government. Conditions of Appointment (and other duties) are enforceable by the WSRA alone 
whilst other duties, including those relating to water quality, are enforceable by the Secretary of State. 
Where the Secretary of State or the WSRA is satisfied that an Undertaker is contravening, or is likely to 
contravene, a Condition of its Appointment, or a relevant statutory or other requirement, either the Secretary 
of State or the WSRA must make a final enforcement order to secure compliance with that condition or 
requirement, save that where it appears to the Secretary of State or the WSRA more appropriate to make a 
provisional enforcement order, they may do so. In determining whether a provisional enforcement order 
should be made, the Secretary of State or the WSRA shall have regard to the extent to which any person is 
likely to sustain loss or damage as a consequence of such breach before a final enforcement order is made. 
The Secretary of State or the WSRA will confirm a provisional enforcement order if satisfied that the 
provision made by the order is needed to ensure compliance. 
There are exemptions from the Secretary of State’s and the WSRA’s duty to make an enforcement order or to 
confirm a provisional enforcement order: 
• 
where the contraventions were, or the apprehended contraventions are, of a trivial nature; 
• 
where the company has given, and is complying with, an undertaking to secure or facilitate compliance 
with the condition or requirement in question; or 
• 
where duties in the WIA preclude the making or confirmation of the order. 
In addition, the WIA provides the WSRA, the Secretary of State and the Welsh Government with the power to 
impose financial penalties on an Undertaker for contraventions of its Conditions of Appointment and statutory 
or other requirements including performance standards. Penalties may be as high as 10 per cent. of an 
Undertaker’s turnover, but they must be reasonable in all circumstances. Each of the above enforcement 
authorities is required to publish a statement of policy on the imposition of penalties, and to have regard to 
that statement when implementing the provisions. 
Special Administration Orders 
The WIA contains provisions enabling the Secretary of State or the WSRA to secure the general continuity of 
water supply and sewerage services. In certain specified circumstances, the High Court (the “Court”) may, on 
the application of the Secretary of State or, with his consent, the WSRA, make a special administration order 
in relation to an Undertaker and appoint a special administrator. These circumstances include: 
• 
where there has been, or is likely to be, a breach by an Undertaker of either its principal duties to 
supply water or provide sewerage services or of a final or confirmed provisional enforcement order 
and, in either case, the breach is serious enough to make it inappropriate for the Undertaker to continue 
to hold its Instrument of Appointment; 
• 
where the Undertaker is, or is likely to be, unable to pay its debts;

--- Page 74 ---
74 
• 
where, in a case in which the Secretary of State has certified that it would be appropriate, but for 
Section 25 of the WIA, for him to petition for the winding up of the Undertaker under Section 440 of 
the Companies Act 1985 it would be just and equitable, as mentioned in that section, for the 
Undertaker to be wound up if it did not hold an Appointment; and 
• 
where the Undertaker is unable or unwilling adequately to participate in arrangements certified by the 
Secretary of State or the WSRA to be necessary by reason of, or in connection with, the appointment 
of a new Undertaker upon termination or variation of the existing Undertaker’s Appointment. 
In addition, on an application being made to Court, whether by the Undertaker itself or by its directors, 
creditors or contributories, for the compulsory winding up of the Undertaker, the Court would not be entitled 
to make a winding up order; however, if satisfied that it would be appropriate to make such an order if the 
Undertaker were not a company holding an Instrument of Appointment, the Court shall instead make a special 
administration order. 
During the period beginning with the presentation of the petition for special administration and ending with 
the making of a special administration order or the dismissal of the petition (the “special administration 
petition period”), the Undertaker may not be wound up, no steps may be taken to enforce any security except 
with the leave of the Court, and subject to such terms as the Court may impose, and no other proceedings or 
other legal process may be commenced or continued against the Undertaker or its property except with the 
leave of the Court. 
Once a special administration order has been made, any petition presented for the winding up of the company 
will be dismissed and any receiver appointed, removed. Whilst a special administration order is in force, those 
restrictions imposed during the special administration petition period continue with some modification: an 
administrative receiver can no longer be appointed (with or without the leave of the Court) and, where any 
action does require the Court’s leave, the consent of the special administrator is acceptable in its place (see 
“Restrictions on the enforcement of security” below). 
A special administrator has extensive powers under the WIA similar to those of an administrator under UK 
insolvency law applicable to companies which are not Undertakers, but with certain important differences. A 
special administrator would be charged with managing the affairs, business and property of the Undertaker: (i) 
for the achievement of the purposes of the special administration order; and (ii) in such a manner as to protect 
the respective interests of the members and creditors of the Undertaker. Where the grounds for a special 
administration order are that a company is or is likely to be unable to pay its debts, the purpose of the order is 
to rescue the company as a going concern. To achieve this purpose, the special administrator may propose: (a) 
a company voluntary arrangement under Part 1 of the Insolvency Act 1986, or (b) a compromise or 
arrangement in accordance with Part 26 of the Companies Act 2006. If the special administrator thinks that it 
is not likely to be possible to rescue the company as a going concern, or that transfer is likely to secure more 
effective performance of the Undertaker’s functions, or the order has been made on any of the other grounds, 
the purposes of the order consist of: (a) transferring to one or more different Undertakers, as a going concern, 
as much of the business of the Undertaker as is necessary in order to ensure that the functions which have 
been vested in the Undertaker by virtue of its Instrument of Appointment are properly carried out; and (b) 
pending the transfer, the carrying out of those functions. It would therefore not be open to the special 
administrator to accept an offer to purchase the assets on a break-up basis in circumstances where the 
purchaser would be unable properly to carry out the relevant functions of an Undertaker. 
The powers of a special administrator include, as part of a transfer scheme, the ability to make modifications 
to the Conditions of Appointment of the existing Undertaker, subject to the approval of the Secretary of State 
or the WSRA. The special administrator agrees the terms of the transfer of the existing Undertaker’s business 
to the new Undertaker(s), on behalf of the existing Undertaker. The transfer is effected by a transfer scheme 
which the special administrator puts in place on behalf of the existing Undertaker. The transfer scheme may 
provide for the transfer of the property, rights and liabilities of the existing Undertaker to the new

--- Page 75 ---
75 
Undertaker(s) and may also provide for the transfer of the existing Undertaker’s Instrument of Appointment 
(with modifications as set out in the transfer scheme) to the new Undertaker(s). The powers of a special 
administrator include the right to seek a review by the WSRA of the Undertaker’s charges pursuant to an 
Interim Determination of a price control or a Substantial Effects Clause (see “Substantial Effect Clause” 
below). To take effect, the transfer scheme must be approved by the Secretary of State or the WSRA. In 
addition, the Secretary of State and the WSRA may modify a transfer scheme before approving it or at any 
time afterwards with the consent of the special administrator and each new Undertaker. 
The WIA also grants the Secretary of State, with the approval of the Treasury: (i) the power to make 
appropriate grants or loans to achieve the purposes of the special administration order or to indemnify the 
special administrator against losses or damages sustained in connection with the carrying out of his functions; 
and (ii) to guarantee the payment of principal or interest or the discharge of any other financial obligations in 
connection with any borrowings of the Undertaker subject to a special administration order. 
Security 
Restrictions on the granting of security 
An Undertaker’s ability to grant security over its assets and the enforcement of such security are restricted by 
the provisions of the WIA and the Conditions of Appointment. For example, the WIA and all Instruments of 
Appointment (including DCC’s) restrict an Undertaker’s ability to dispose of protected land, which is any 
land that is necessary for the purposes of the carrying out of the Undertaker’s regulated activities. 
Accordingly, the Conditions of Appointment restrict an Undertaker’s ability to create a charge or mortgage 
over protected land or assets required for the operation of its business as an Undertaker. In the case of DCC, it 
estimates that the vast majority of its assets by value is tangible property which is protected land and/or assets 
required in the operation of DCC’s business as an Undertaker and cannot therefore be effectively secured. 
This necessarily affects the ability of DCC to create a floating charge over the whole or substantially the 
whole of its business. However, in any event, there is no right under the WIA to block the appointment of a 
special administrator equivalent to the right of a holder of a floating charge over the whole or substantially the 
whole of the business of a non-Undertaker to block the appointment of a conventional administrator. 
In addition, provisions in the Conditions of Appointment require the Undertaker at all times: 
• 
to ensure, so far as is reasonably practicable, that if a special administration order were made in respect 
of it, it would have sufficient rights and assets (other than financial resources) to enable the special 
administrator to manage its affairs, business and property so that the purpose of such an order could be 
achieved; and 
• 
to act in the manner best calculated to ensure that it has adequate: (i) financial resources and facilities; 
(ii) management resources; and (iii) systems planning and internal control, to enable it to carry out its 
regulated activities. 
These provisions may further limit the ability of DCC to grant security over its assets and may limit in 
practice the ability to enforce such security. 
Restrictions on the enforcement of security 
Under the WIA, the enforcement of security given by an Undertaker in respect of its assets is prohibited 
unless the person enforcing the security has first given 14 days’ notice to both the Secretary of State and the 
WSRA. If a petition for special administration has been presented, leave of the Court is required before such 
security is enforceable or any administrative receiver can be appointed (or, if an administrative receiver has 
been appointed between the expiry of the required notice period and presentation of the petition, before the 
administrative receiver can continue to carry out his functions). These restrictions continue once a special 
administration order is in force with some modification (see “Special Administration Orders” above).

--- Page 76 ---
76 
Once a special administrator has been appointed, he would have the power, without requiring the Court’s 
consent, to deal with property charged pursuant to a floating charge as if it were not so charged. When such 
property is disposed of under this power, the proceeds of the disposal would, however, be treated as if subject 
to a floating charge which had the same priority as that afforded by the original floating charge. 
A disposal by the special administrator of any property secured by a fixed charge given by the Undertaker 
could be made only under an order of the Court unless the creditor in respect of whom such security is 
granted otherwise agreed to such disposal. Such an order could be made if, following an application by the 
special administrator, the Court was satisfied that the disposal would be likely to promote one or more of the 
purposes for which the order was made (although the special administrator is subject to the general duty to 
manage the company in a manner which protects the respective interests of the creditors and members of the 
Undertaker). Upon such disposal, the proceeds to which that creditor would be entitled would be determined 
by reference to the “best price which is reasonably available on a sale which is consistent with the purposes of 
the special administration order” as opposed to an amount not less than “open market value” which would 
apply in a conventional administration for a non-Undertaker under UK insolvency legislation. 
Within three months of the making of a special administration order or such longer period as the Court may 
allow, the special administrator must send a copy of his proposals for achieving the purposes of the order to, 
inter alia, the Secretary of State, the WSRA and the creditors of the company. The creditors’ approval to the 
special administrator’s proposal is not required at any specially convened meeting (unlike in the conduct of a 
conventional administration for a non-Undertaker under UK insolvency legislation); however, 
notwithstanding this, the interests of creditors and members in a special administration are still capable of 
being protected since they have the right to apply to the Court if they consider that their interests are being 
prejudiced. Such an application may be made by the creditors or members by petition for an order on a 
number of grounds, including either: (i) that the Undertaker’s affairs, business and property are being or have 
been managed by the special administrator in a manner which is unfairly prejudicial to the interests of its 
creditors or members; or (ii) that any actual or proposed act of the special administrator is/or would be so 
prejudicial. Any order made by the Court may include an order to require the special administrator to refrain 
from doing or continuing an act about which there has been a complaint. 
Enforcement of Security over Shares in DCC 
Under the WIA, the enforcement of security over, and the subsequent sale of, directly or indirectly, the shares 
in any group company, including the holding company of an Undertaker such as DCC, would not be subject 
to the restrictions described above in relation to the security over DCC’s business and assets. Notwithstanding 
this, given the WSRA’s general duties under the WIA to exercise and perform its powers and duties, inter alia, 
to ensure that the functions of an Undertaker are properly carried out, the Issuer anticipates that any intended 
enforcement either directly or indirectly of the Guarantor Security (as defined below) or the security over, and 
subsequently any planned disposal of, the shares in DCC to a third party purchaser, would require 
consultation with the WSRA. In addition, depending on the circumstances, the merger control provisions 
could apply in respect of any such disposal. 
Economic Regulation 
Overview  
Economic regulation of the water industry in England and Wales is based on a system of five-year price 
controls imposed on the amounts Undertakers can charge for their services. This is intended to reward 
companies for efficiency and delivering the outcomes and performance standards that customers want. The 
system generally allows companies to retain a share of any savings attributable to efficiency, thus creating 
incentives to make such gains.  
Form of price controls 
DCC is currently subject to six price controls. The Water Resources, Water Network-Plus and Wastewater 
Network-Plus controls take the form of annual revenue caps which are adjusted in line with movements in

--- Page 77 ---
77 
CPIH plus an adjustment factor (“K”) which may be positive, negative or zero. The Bioresources control 
takes the form of an annual revenue cap, adjusted in line with movements in CPIH and, inter alia, for 
differences between forecast and out-turn sludge production. K is a number set for each price control for each 
Undertaker and may be a different number in different years. The Household Retail Control and the Non-
Household Retail Control each take the form of an average allowed revenue per customer set for each year of 
the control, with no adjustments for inflation. 
Periodic reviews 
Price controls are generally set by the WSRA for a five-year period at periodic reviews. At the most recent 
periodic review (see “PR19 Final Determination” below) separate price controls for DCC were set for:  Water 
Resources; Water Network-Plus; Wastewater Network-Plus, Bioresources, Household Retail and Non-
Household Retail.  
As part of the review, the WSRA also set values for the RAV for each of Water Resources; Water Network-
Plus; Wastewater Network-Plus and Bioresources for each year of the price control period. 
Measures of Success and Outcome Delivery Incentives 
Since the beginning of the 2015-2020 five-year period the WSRA has operated a framework intended to 
incentivise the delivery of certain outcomes (see chapter 4 “DCC, The Issuer, The Glas Group and Glas 
Holdings” under “Measures of Success”). The price control determinations in 2014 set targets across a range 
of performance measures, together with a system of ODIs which included provision for financial rewards 
where certain targets are exceeded and financial penalties where performance on certain measures falls short. 
The framework and the role of ODIs have been developed and enhanced for the 2020-2025 period (see “PR19 
Final Determination” below). 
PR19 Final Determination 
On 16 December 2019, the WSRA published the FD. Notable features included the following: 
• 
the use of RPI as the basis for indexation for price controls has been discontinued, and CPIH is being 
used instead; 
• 
50 per cent. of the RAV as at 1 April 2020 will continue to be indexed in line with RPI for the five year 
period. The remainder, together with new additions to the RAV, will be indexed in line with CPIH. The 
WSRA has indicated that it intends to phase out the use of RPI completely in due course; 
• 
the underlying allowed rate of return is 2.92 per cent. on the CPIH-indexed portion of the RAV, and 
1.92 per cent. on the RPI-indexed portion of the RAV; 
• 
the FD reflects a cost challenge of around 6 per cent. as compared with the August 2019 Business Plan.  
• 
the proposed new “Cwm Taf” water treatment works at Merthyr Tydfil in South Wales is considered 
suitable for DPC and is thus expected to be delivered by a third party, and financed separately from the 
Water Network-Plus price control; 
• 
any out-performance of costs during the price control period will be shared approximately 42 per cent. 
to the company, 58 per cent. to customers. Any cost under-performance will be shared approximately 
58 per cent. to the company, 42 per cent. to customers; 
• 
at the same time, the WSRA set performance targets that are more stretching than those that DCC 
proposed in its August 2019 Business Plan; and 
• 
taken as a package, the ODIs put forward in the FD would be expected to deliver a RoRE range of 
minus 1.03 per cent. to plus 0.61 per cent. 
DCC had until 15 February 2020 to ask the WSRA to refer the FD to the CMA for re-determination. 
However, in January 2020 the board of DCC formally made the decision not to exercise this option.

--- Page 78 ---
78 
Interim Determinations of Price Controls 
The Conditions of Appointment provide for the WSRA to determine in certain circumstances whether, and if 
so how, one or more price controls should be changed between periodic reviews (an “Interim 
Determination”). The procedure for Interim Determinations of Price Controls can be initiated either by the 
Undertaker or by the WSRA. An application for an Interim Determination may be made in respect of a 
Notified Item (see below) or a Relevant Change of Circumstance (see below). 
A “Notified Item” is any item formally notified by the WSRA to the Undertaker as not having been allowed 
for in an existing Price Control. One Notified Item was put forward by the WSRA for the period 2020-2025, 
namely any increase in costs that is reasonably attributable to the Cwm Taf water treatment works project in 
circumstances where DCC demonstrates to the reasonable satisfaction of the WSRA that the procurement of 
another person to design, build, finance and, where appropriate, operate and maintain the project is, for 
reasons outside the reasonable control of DCC, no longer in the best interests of customers. 
“Relevant Changes of Circumstance” are defined in the Conditions of Appointment. (See Chapter 4 “DCC, 
the Issuer, the Glas Group and Glas Holdings” under “Regulation” for further details of the Conditions of 
Appointment.) Such changes include: (i) the application to the Undertaker of any new or changed legal 
requirement (including any legal requirement ceasing to apply, being withdrawn or not being renewed); (ii) 
any difference in value between actual or anticipated proceeds of disposals of protected land and those 
allowed for at the last periodic review or Interim Determination; and (iii) the amounts assumed in K for the 
necessary costs of securing or facilitating compliance with a legal requirement or achieving a service standard 
where the Undertaker has failed to: (a) carry out the necessary works; (b) spend the amount which it was 
assumed would be spent; and (c) achieve the stated purpose. 
An Interim Determination takes account of the costs, receipts and savings which are reasonably attributable to 
the Notified Items or the Relevant Changes of Circumstance in question. The amount and timing of the costs, 
receipts and savings must be appropriate and reasonable for the Undertaker in all the circumstances and they 
must exclude: trivial amounts, any costs which would have been avoided by prudent management action, any 
savings achieved by management action over and above those which would have been achieved by prudent 
management action, and any amounts previously allowed for in determining price controls. These costs are 
then netted off against the receipts and savings to determine the base cash flows for each year (the “Base 
Cash Flows”). 
The Conditions of Appointment also specify a materiality threshold which must be reached before any 
adjustment to price controls can be made. In relation to condition B of certain Undertakers’ appointments 
(including that of DCC) this materiality threshold is reached where the sum of the net present values of (i) 
Base Cash Flows consisting of operating expenditure and/or loss of revenue calculated over 15 years and (ii) 
other Base Cash Flows calculated over the period to the next periodic review, is equal to at least 10 per cent. 
of the latest reported turnover attributable to the Undertaker’s water and sewerage business. An adjustment to 
one or more price controls (which may be up or down) is then calculated on the basis of a formula, set out in 
condition B, which is broadly designed to compensate for (i) the operating expenditure and revenue elements 
of the Base Case Flows up to the next periodic review; and (ii) depreciation and a return on capital for the 
capital expenditure elements of the Base Cash Flows up to the next periodic review. The change to price 
controls is then made for the remainder of the period up to the start of the first charging year of the next price 
control period. The outstanding capital value that has not yet been depreciated falls to be taken into account 
by the WSRA at the subsequent periodic review. 
Substantial Effects Clause 
DCC, along with certain other Undertakers may, under condition B.14.3 of its Instrument of Appointment (the 
“Substantial Effects Clause”), request an adjustment to one or more price controls if the regulated business 
suffers a substantial adverse effect which could not have been avoided by prudent management action. The 
WSRA may also propose to reset price limits if DCC enjoys a substantial favourable effect which is fortuitous 
and not attributable to prudent management action. For the purpose of this clause the materiality threshold is

--- Page 79 ---
79 
equal to, but no more than, 20 per cent. of the latest reported turnover attributable to the Undertaker’s water 
and sewerage business. 
DPC Interim Determination Proposals 
On 26 November 2020 the WSRA published for consultation proposals to modify the conditions of 
appointment of DCC and a number of other Undertakers inter alia to put in place a bespoke Interim 
Determination framework for DPC. This is intended to deal with the exit of a scheme such as DCC’s Cwm 
Taf project from the DPC procurement process or the early termination of a DPC contract and adopts the 
lower materiality threshold of 2 per cent. of the latest reported turnover attributable to the Undertaker’s water 
and sewerage business or £10 million, whichever is lower, for an application to trigger an adjustment to price 
controls. The proposed modifications formally came into effect on 12 February 2021. 
References to the CMA 
If the WSRA fails within specified periods to make a determination at a Periodic Review or in respect of an 
interim determination or if the Undertaker disputes its determination, the Undertaker can require the WSRA to 
refer the matter to the CMA for determination by it after making an investigation. The CMA must make its 
determination in accordance with any regulations made by the Secretary of State and with the principles 
which apply, by virtue of the WIA, in relation to determinations made by the WSRA. The decisions of the 
CMA are binding on the WSRA.  
Drinking Water and Environmental Regulation 
The water industry is subject to numerous regulatory requirements concerning the protection of the 
environment and human health and safety, many of which stem from EU law. Responsibility for day-to-day 
regulation of drinking water quality lies with the DWI and responsibility for regulation of environmental 
impacts lies with NRW in Wales and with the EA for those parts of the supply area which are in England. 
Drinking Water Quality 
The DWI is part of DEFRA and acts as a technical assessor on behalf of the Secretary of State and the Welsh 
Government in respect of the quality of drinking water supplies. As such, it can take enforcement action in the 
event that a water undertaker is in contravention of regulatory requirements concerning the “wholesomeness” 
of water supplies. Court proceedings can be brought by the DWI in the name of the Secretary of State, the 
Welsh Ministers or the Director of Public Prosecutions for the offence of supplying water “unfit for human 
consumption” (for example if discoloured or foul tasting water is supplied to customers) or for the offence of 
supplying water that is inadequately treated or disinfected. 
Environment 
In Wales, NRW, and in England, the EA, are responsible for the control of water pollution and the 
maintenance and improvement of the quality of controlled waters, including the regulation of discharges to 
those waters. The principal environmental legislation relevant to the Undertaker includes the Water Resources 
Act 1991 (the “WRA”), the Environmental Protection Act 1990 (the “EPA”), the WIA and the EPR. Under 
the EPR it is a criminal offence to knowingly cause or knowingly permit a water discharge activity, including 
the discharge of sewage or trade effluent, unless it is authorised by an environmental permit from NRW. The 
NRW and the EA are the principal prosecuting bodies, and have a wide range of enforcement powers 
available to them.  
Discharges by the Undertaker into controlled waters from water or waste-water treatment works or overflows 
therefore require permits (or their historic equivalents such as discharge consents) from the NRW or the EA. A 
lack of such a permit, or a breach of its conditions, leaves the Undertaker liable to various costs, including 
court fines and clean-up costs. Revised Sentencing Guidelines issued to the courts in 2014 have led to a sharp 
rise in the levels of fines imposed. Since the guidelines were introduced there has been an increase in record 
fines for large utility companies (including water companies) in the UK. This has driven an increased level of 
focus on compliance with environmental laws and permit conditions. This in turn has led to higher levels of

--- Page 80 ---
80 
engagement with environmental compliance issues at a senior management and boardroom level. Recent 
years have also seen an increased use of civil sanctions, particularly enforcement undertakings: these enable 
offenders to avoid court action (with the agreement of the NRW or the EA) if they voluntarily admit certain 
environmental offences. The NRW and the EA publicise their successful court cases and publish information 
on the enforcement undertakings that they have accepted. 
Sewerage undertakers are responsible under the WIA for regulating discharges of industrial effluent into their 
sewers. Sewerage undertakers issue trade effluent consents to businesses that, for example, are involved in the 
manufacture or processing of materials such as chemicals, metal finishing, and food and drink manufacture.  
The EPA (and the statutory guidance published pursuant to it), establishes the regime to deal with liability for 
the remediation of contaminated land and pollution of controlled waters. Under the regime, where the 
enforcing authority has identified contamination which is causing, or there is a significant possibility of it 
causing significant harm to the environment or human health, or if there is significant pollution of controlled 
waters, the person who caused or knowingly permitted the contamination or pollution (or, if that person 
cannot be found, the owner or occupier of the land) can be liable for the remediation. 
Any significant expenditure incurred by an Undertaker necessitated by legislation applying to it in its capacity 
as a water or sewerage operator, or by any change in permits to achieve environmental gains, including as a 
result of existing or new EU directives, would be eligible for consideration for an Interim Determination of 
price controls, or to be taken into account at a periodic review. 
Priority Substances Directive 
The Environmental Quality Standards Directive (the “EQSD”), referred to as the Priority Substances 
Directive, as amended sets out harmonised environmental quality standards for 45 “priority substances”. The 
EQSD specifies environmental quality standards for each substance in terms of an annual average value and 
also in terms of a maximum allowable concentration in certain waters. The EQSD was transposed by the 
Water Environment (Water Framework Directive) (England and Wales) Regulations 2017. Pursuant to those 
Regulations, the Welsh Ministers and NRW (or the Secretary of State and the EA, as appropriate) are required 
to secure compliance with the requirements of the EQSD. 
Competition in the Water Industry 
The Competition Act 1998 
Under the Competition Act there are two prohibitions concerning anti-competitive agreements and conduct. 
The Act also provides for extensive powers of investigation and enforcement. 
The Chapter I prohibition prohibits agreements between undertakings which may affect trade within the 
United Kingdom and which have as their object or effect the prevention, restriction or distortion of 
competition within the United Kingdom. The Chapter II prohibition prohibits the abuse of a dominant 
position which may affect trade within the United Kingdom. 
The WSRA has concurrent powers with the CMA to apply and enforce the Competition Act to deal with anti-
competitive agreements or abuses of dominance relating to the water and sewerage sector, including the 
power to enforce directions to bring an infringement to an end and to impose fines of up to 10 per cent. of the 
most recent financial year’s turnover of the Undertaker involved for infringing the Competition Act. Also, any 
arrangement which infringes the Competition Act may be void and unenforceable and may give rise to claims 
for damages from third parties. 
The Enterprise Act 2002 adds further remedies for breach of competition law. The Enterprise Act 2002 
contains criminal sanctions, including the possibility of imprisonment of individuals who have been involved 
in certain cartels and disqualification for directors involved in breach of competition law. Consumer groups 
are able to bring actions on behalf of customers (including for damages).

--- Page 81 ---
81 
During the course of 2019 and 2020 the WSRA conducted a review of Undertakers’ support for markets. It 
found that there was scope for companies to play a more active role in supporting markets, although it 
observed real differences between companies and within companies. It wrote to individual companies in 
England setting out areas that required attention. Although the review did not cover Wales because the role of 
markets is less extensive than in England, the WSRA has urged Undertakers in Wales to use its findings to 
improve their services, and DCC has carefully considered the issues raised. 
The Water Supply and Sewerage Licensing Regime 
The WIA, as amended by the 2003 Water Act and the 2014 Water Act, contains provisions which create a 
framework for competition in water supply, under which entrants wishing to use an Undertaker’s networks to 
transport water to customers (also known as “common carriage”) or wishing to purchase wholesale water 
from Undertakers to “retail” to business customers or provide sewerage services to business customers are 
required to obtain a water supply licence (“Licensees”). For the areas served by undertakers wholly or mainly 
in Wales, the new market is currently limited to customers using in excess of 50 megalitres of water per 
annum and to water services only. A more extensive regime has been put in place in respect of the areas of 
Undertakers that are wholly or mainly in England. There, since 1 April 2017 Licensees have been able to offer 
retail services to all non-household customers, not just those using in excess of 50 megalitres of water per 
annum, and for wastewater services as well as water supply. The Welsh Government has to date indicated that 
it has no intention of putting this more extensive regime in place. The 2014 Water Act provides the Welsh 
Government with the power to commence the provisions that would widen the application of the water supply 
licensing regime in Wales so as to bring it into line with England. Under the Wales Act 2017, from a date yet 
to be appointed, the new market is expected to extend to those parts of DCC's supply areas that are situated in 
England, as a result of the re-alignment of the role of the Welsh Government with the national boundary. 
In addition, the provisions include a requirement on Undertakers to charge Licensees for common carriage 
and wholesale services in accordance with rules that the WSRA is required to produce. In doing so, the 
WSRA is obliged to have regard to statutory guidance prepared by the Welsh Government. 
Merger Regime 
A special merger regime operates in relation to the water industry. Subject to a jurisdictional test based on 
turnover (see below) the CMA has a duty to refer for a second phase investigation mergers or proposed 
mergers between two or more water enterprises unless it believes that:  
a) the merger arrangements for anticipated mergers are not sufficiently advanced or are unlikely to 
proceed; 
b) the merger is not likely to prejudice the WSRA’s ability, in carrying out its functions, to make 
comparisons between water enterprises; or 
c) the merger is likely to prejudice the WSRA’s ability to make comparisons, but the prejudice is 
outweighed by relevant customer benefits. 
The CMA does, however, have powers to accept from the parties involved undertakings in lieu of a second 
phase investigation where they would remedy, mitigate or prevent the merger’s prejudicial effect on the 
WSRA’s ability to make comparisons. 
The CMA may only consider referring a merger or proposed merger for second phase investigation where the 
value of the turnover of the water enterprise being taken over, or the value of the turnover of each of the water 
enterprises belonging to the person making the takeover, exceeds £10 million.  
The CMA has a duty to keep under review and advise the Secretary of State on both the £10 million threshold 
and the conditions under which the CMA must refer water mergers. 
Remedies may be structural (total or partial prohibition of a proposed merger; total or partial divestiture of the 
acquired water enterprise; divestiture of another water company held by the acquiring company) or

--- Page 82 ---
82 
behavioural, such as amendments to an Undertaker’s Conditions of Appointment (for instance regarding the 
provision of information) or a requirement to maintain separate management. In deciding on remedies, the 
CMA may have regard to any relevant customer benefits (in the form of lower prices, higher quality, greater 
choice or innovation) of the merger under consideration. The CMA takes the final decision on remedial 
action, and this decision can be appealed to the Competition Appeal Tribunal by any person sufficiently 
affected by the decision.

--- Page 83 ---
83 
CHAPTER 6 
FINANCING STRUCTURE 
Figure 1 below provides an overview of the Programme, as follows: 
• 
The Issuer may, from time to time, issue Class A Bonds (as to which scheduled principal and interest 
will be guaranteed by a Financial Guarantor), Class B Bonds, Class R Bonds, Class C Bonds and Class 
D Bonds. 
• 
The Issuer will on-lend an amount equal to the equivalent in sterling of the gross proceeds of the issue 
of each Series of Bonds (other than the Class R Bonds) to DCC under the terms of an Intercompany 
Loan Agreement. There will be a separate Intercompany Loan Agreement for each Series and separate 
advances under each Intercompany Loan Agreement in respect of: (i) each different Sub-Class of 
Bonds issued in such Series; and (ii) additional liquidity provided under any Liquidity Facility 
Agreements specifically in respect of the Bonds of the relevant Series. There will also be a separate 
Intercompany Loan Agreement between DCC and the Issuer for the working capital and/or capital 
expenditure facilities provided to DCC via the Issuer through Authorised Loan Facilities. The amount 
of each such advance will reflect the corresponding amount of borrowing by the Issuer under the 
Bonds, the relevant Authorised Loan Facility or the relevant Liquidity Facility, as the case may be (see 
“Summary of Finance Documents” - “Intercompany Loan Agreements” below). 
• 
The Issuer’s obligations to pay principal and interest on, inter alia, the Bonds are to be met primarily 
from the payments of principal and interest received from DCC under each Intercompany Loan 
Agreement. (See “Intercompany Loan Agreements” and “Additional Resources Available” below.) 
• 
The Issuer will hedge certain of its interest and/or currency exposures under the Bonds with the Hedge 
Counterparties in accordance with the agreed hedging policy (see “Hedging Agreements” below). 
• 
The Issuer may draw under a Liquidity Facility to fund liquidity advances to DCC to meet any 
shortfall in the amounts available to DCC to meet interest payments, inter alia, on any advances under 
any term advance under any Intercompany Loan Agreement (a “Term Advance”) (other than Tranche 
D and subject to certain limits in respect of any advances made with the proceeds of Class C Bonds) 
and on any R Advances (as defined below) of the corresponding Intercompany Loan Agreement for 
that Series, which in turn will meet, to the extent available, any shortfall which would otherwise have 
arisen under the Class A Bonds, Class B Bonds, Class R Bonds and Class C Bonds (subject to certain 
limits in respect of the Class C Bonds) of such Series. (See “Liquidity Facilities” below.) 
• 
DCC has entered into and may further enter into Authorised Loan Facilities directly with Authorised 
Lenders in respect of its further working capital and/or capital expenditure requirements. (See 
“Additional Resources Available”.) Authorised Loan Facilities available to DCC will be subject to a 
cap of £50,000,000 (as indexed). 
• 
The Finance Lessors provide financing of equipment to DCC. DCC may enter into further DCC 
Finance Leases with Finance Lessors (which may or may not be the existing Finance Lessors). 
• 
DCC has hedged and may further hedge certain of its interest rate and/or inflation exposures in respect 
of its obligations under the DCC Finance Leases. 
• 
DCC will use its revenue flows to meet its operating costs, capital expenditure and obligations to the 
DCC Secured Creditors, including the Issuer under each Intercompany Loan Agreement, and other 
third-party creditors.  
• 
DCC’s obligations to the DCC Secured Creditors are secured, to the extent permitted by the WIA and 
its Instrument of Appointment under the WIA, and requirements thereunder, by the DCC Deed of 
Charge. (See “DCC Deed of Charge” below.)

--- Page 84 ---
84 
• 
The obligations of DCC to the DCC Secured Creditors are guaranteed by the Guarantors. The 
guarantee obligations of each of Holdings, Glas Securities and Glas (being the DCC Secured 
Liabilities which include, amongst other things, the obligations and liabilities owed by DCC to the 
Issuer under each Intercompany Loan Agreement) are secured by the Guarantor Security. (See 
“Guarantor Security” below.) 
• 
The Issuer’s obligations to the Issuer Secured Creditors under, inter alia, the Bonds, the Trust Deed, 
each Liquidity Facility Agreement, each Hedging Agreement, each G&R Agreement, the Paying 
Agency Agreement, the Master Framework Agreement, the Issuer STID and any Authorised Loan 
Facilities made available to the Issuer are secured by the Issuer Deed of Charge and subject to the 
Issuer STID. (See “Summary of Finance Documents” under “Issuer Deed of Charge” and “Issuer 
STID” below and Chapter 7 “Terms and Conditions of the Bonds”.)

--- Page 85 ---
85 
FIGURE 1 – PROGRAMME STRUCTURE 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
GLAS 
HOLDINGS 
HOLDINGS
LIQUIDITY
FACILITY
PROVIDERS
ISSUER
DCC
CAPITAL
MARKETS
DCC
SECURITY
TRUSTEE
Principal and Interest
Intercompany
Loans
Bond 
Proceeds
ISSUER HEDGE
COUNTERPARTIES
FINANCE
LESSORS
Authorised 
Loan Facilities
AUTHORISED
LENDERS
SECURITIES
Financial Guarantor
BOND
TRUSTEE
ACCOUNT
BANK
Liquidity
Facilities
Trust 
Deed 
GLAS
ISSUER 
SECURITY 
TRUSTEE
Principal
and
Interest
Issuer Deed of 
Charge and
Issuer STID
Guarantees and Share Charges
DCC
HEDGE 
COUNTERPARTIES 
DCC Deed of 
Charge and
DCC STID
AUTHORISED
LENDERS
Swaps
Guarantee of Class A Bonds
Authorised Loan Facilities
Ov erdraf t Facility
Interest Rate Swap
Finance Leases
ACCOUNT BANK

--- Page 86 ---
86 
SUMMARY OF INTERCREDITOR ARRANGEMENTS  
This section is intended to provide a brief summary of the Intercreditor Arrangements. The detailed provisions 
of the DCC STID and the Issuer STID are set out in more detail under “DCC STID” and “Issuer STID” in 
“Summary of Finance Documents”. The meanings of certain defined terms which are used in this section are 
set out under “Intercreditor Definitions” below. In order to simplify this summary of the Intercreditor 
Arrangements, throughout this section it is assumed that the Qualifying Debt Representative for the Class A 
Bonds is a Financial Guarantor. If there is an FG Event of Default, the Qualifying Debt Representative for the 
Class A Bonds will be the Bond Trustee and the Intercreditor Arrangements will apply to the Class A Bonds as 
they do to the Class B Bonds and Class R Bonds. 
Overview of the Intercreditor Arrangements 
The intercreditor arrangements in respect of the Issuer and DCC (the “Intercreditor Arrangements”) are 
contained in two security trust and intercreditor deeds (and each respectively, as amended, the “Issuer STID” 
and the “DCC STID”). The Intercreditor Arrangements bind the DCC Secured Creditors and the Issuer 
Secured Creditors (together the “Intercreditor Parties”). Any Additional Beneficiary of the DCC Security 
and the Guarantor Security will be required to accede to the DCC STID and any Additional Beneficiary of the 
Issuer Security will be required to accede to the Issuer STID (as in each case will certain other creditors of 
DCC and the Issuer). The Local Authority Loans (as defined below) are not subject to the Intercreditor 
Arrangements. 
The purpose of the Intercreditor Arrangements is to regulate, inter alia: (i) claims of the Intercreditor Parties; 
(ii) the exercise and enforcement of rights by those parties; (iii) the rights of such parties to instruct the Issuer 
Security Trustee and the DCC Security Trustee (each a “Security Trustee” and together the “Security 
Trustees”); (iv) the rights of such parties during a Default Situation; (v) the entrenched rights and reserved 
matters of each Intercreditor Party; and (vi) the giving of consents and waivers and the making of 
amendments by the Intercreditor Parties. 
The Intercreditor Arrangements provide for the ranking in point of payment of the Intercreditor Parties: (i) 
prior to the occurrence of a Standstill (see “DCC Cash Management – Debt Service Payment Account” and 
the Issuer Pre-Enforcement Payments Priorities set out in “Issuer Cash Management” below); (ii) during a 
Standstill (see “DCC Cash Management – DCC Standstill Priority” below and the paragraph preceding that 
heading); and (iii) following an acceleration under either of the DCC STID or the Issuer STID (see “DCC 
Post-Enforcement Payments Priorities” set out under “DCC Cash Management” and “Issuer Post-
Enforcement Payments Priorities” set out under “Issuer Cash Management” below). 
The Intercreditor Parties (other than, with respect to certain permitted voluntary terminations, the Finance 
Lessors and the Current DCC Hedge Counterparties in certain limited circumstances) do not have the right 
independently to accelerate their claims or take other enforcement action. The DCC Security Trustee is 
instructed by the Beneficiary Instructing Group (as defined below). The Issuer has assigned its rights under 
the DCC STID to the Issuer Security Trustee for itself and on behalf of the Issuer Secured Creditors under the 
Issuer Deed of Charge. The Issuer Security Trustee is instructed by the Issuer Instructing Group. 
The Intercreditor Arrangements provide a regime for instructing the Issuer Security Trustee at the Issuer level 
and a regime for instructing the DCC Security Trustee at the DCC level. At the DCC level the Issuer Security 
Trustee votes on behalf of the Issuer proportionately according to the votes received at the Issuer level. In 
each case, the relevant Security Trustee will not be liable to any person in relation to actions taken or not 
taken by it and will not be obliged to take action unless indemnified and/or secured to its satisfaction. 
The underlying principle of the Intercreditor Arrangements is, prior to a Default Situation, that the holders of 
the Class A Bonds and the Authorised Lenders and, after a Default Situation, that the holder of the Class A 
Bonds, Class B Bonds, Class R Bonds and Authorised Loan Facilities at the Issuer level and the DCC Finance

--- Page 87 ---
87 
Lessors, Authorised Loan Facilities and Intercompany Loan Agreements at the DCC level shall have a 
potential vote (or be able to instruct) in respect of the outstanding principal amount of the relevant debt. Such 
votes may only be exercised through the relevant Qualifying Debt Representative (as defined below). This 
basic principle does not apply where a vote on an Intercreditor Issue involves a Basic Terms Modification (as 
defined in the Conditions), in which case the usual provisions for meetings in respect of the Bonds shall apply 
(see Condition 15(b)(i) in Chapter 7 “Terms and Conditions of the Bonds”). In the absence of a Default 
Situation (as defined below), a Qualifying Debt Representative (other than the Bond Trustee) may only vote 
or instruct if it has provided an Appropriate Indemnity. In a Default Situation there is no requirement on any 
DCC Secured Creditor or Issuer Secured Creditor to provide an Appropriate Indemnity to the relevant 
Security Trustee in order to exercise a vote or give instructions. 
In order to facilitate timely decision-making prior to a Default Situation of the Bonds, only the Issuer 
Qualifying Debt Representative of the Class A Bonds instructs the Issuer Security Trustee. 
However, at any time during a Default Situation, the Qualifying Debt Representative of the Class B Bonds 
and Class R Bonds in addition to the Qualifying Debt Representative of the Class A Bonds will have the right 
to vote and instruct the Issuer Security Trustee, subject to the other provisions of the Intercreditor 
Arrangements described below (See “Bondholder Meetings on Intercreditor Matters in a Default Situation” 
below). The Issuer and any affiliates have no right to vote or instruct the Issuer Security Trustee in respect of 
any Class R Bonds held by them. 
Accordingly, prior to a Default Situation, the Class B Bonds and Class R Bonds are not entitled to be 
represented in the Issuer Instructing Group; however, the Issuer and Holdings have each covenanted to use 
their reasonable endeavours to ensure that at all times there is a Qualifying Debt Representative at the Issuer 
level who is a Financial Guarantor, in order to ensure there is an Issuer Qualifying Debt Representative which 
is able to provide instructions in a timely manner to the Issuer Security Trustee. 
The Intercreditor Arrangements provide that, in approving any disposal of any assets secured by the 
Guarantor Security, those DCC Secured Creditors making up the Beneficiary Instructing Group or, as the case 
may be, those Issuer Secured Creditors making up the Issuer Instructing Group, shall be subject to the same 
duties as would apply in equity to any receiver or mortgagee of those secured assets. 
Intercreditor Arrangements at the Issuer Level 
The Issuer Security Trustee is instructed by the Issuer Instructing Group. Prior to a Default Situation, the 
Issuer Instructing Group is constituted by the Issuer Qualifying Debt Representatives of the Class A Bonds 
and any Authorised Loan Facilities (but not the Liquidity Facility Agreements or any Hedging Agreements (as 
defined below)) provided that the relevant Qualifying Debt Representative (other than the Bond Trustee) has 
provided an Appropriate Indemnity to the Issuer Security Trustee. After a Default Situation, the Issuer 
Instructing Group may be constituted, inter alios, by the Qualifying Debt Representative of the Class A 
Bonds, the Class B Bonds and the Class R Bonds. Class C Bonds and Class D Bonds may only be represented 
by the Bond Trustee in the Issuer Instructing Group where there is no Qualifying Debt Representative in 
respect of the Class A Bonds, Authorised Loan Facilities, Class B Bonds or Class R Bonds (and, in the case of 
the Class D Bonds, the Class C Bonds) able to constitute an Issuer Instructing Group. 
The Issuer Instructing Group instructs the Issuer Security Trustee on the basis of one vote for each £1 of their 
IIG Outstanding Principal Amount (as defined below) at the time the vote is taken. A Financial Guarantor may 
vote in respect of the IIG Outstanding Principal Amount of the Bonds guaranteed by such Financial 
Guarantor, provided it is at the relevant time the Issuer Qualifying Debt Representative in respect of such 
Bonds. (See also “Bondholder Meetings on Intercreditor Matters in a Default Situation” below.) 
At the Issuer level, the Issuer Security Trustee acts upon the instructions of the Issuer Qualifying Debt 
Representative(s) who constitute(s) (either singly or together) more than 50 per cent. of the aggregate IIG 
Outstanding Principal Amount of the Qualifying Debt. At the DCC level, the Issuer Security Trustee as DCC

--- Page 88 ---
88 
Qualifying Debt Representative of the Issuer casts the votes of the Issuer Instructing Group proportionately 
(see “Intercreditor Arrangements at the DCC Level” below). 
Intercreditor Arrangements at the DCC Level 
The DCC Security Trustee acts as trustee on behalf of the DCC Secured Creditors in connection with the 
DCC Security and the Guarantor Security. In such capacity, the DCC Security Trustee has agreed that it will 
exercise any right (other than entrenched rights and reserved matters) which it may have in respect of the 
DCC Transaction Documents only as directed by the Beneficiary Instructing Group. 
The definition of Qualified DCC Secured Creditor determines who is able to constitute the Beneficiary 
Instructing Group. The Issuer Security Trustee represents the Issuer as part of the Beneficiary Instructing 
Group and splits its portion of the aggregate BIG Outstanding Principal Amount of the Qualified DCC 
Secured Creditors into separate £ for £ amounts (each a “Proportion”), and each representing the votes/ 
instructions received by the Issuer Security Trustee from the respective members of the Issuer Instructing 
Group. The Issuer Security Trustee will not have a vote in respect of any Issuer Secured Creditors who were 
not holders of Qualifying Debt or otherwise did not vote or instruct the Issuer Security Trustee as part of the 
Issuer Instructing Group. 
It should be noted that, prior to a Default Situation, only the Qualifying Debt Representative of the Class A 
Bonds and the Authorised Lenders to the Issuer are capable of constituting a Proportion. 
The DCC STID provides that the DCC Security Trustee will take action only when it has received instructions 
from a Beneficiary Instructing Group. 
Bondholder Meetings on Intercreditor Matters in a Default Situation 
In a Default Situation, the Class B Bonds and Class R Bonds will be represented by the Bond Trustee as 
Qualifying Debt Representative who may convene a meeting of Bondholders (which will be a single meeting 
of the holders of the Class B Bonds and Class R Bonds) to consider any matter. The Intercreditor 
Arrangements provide that no such Bondholder meeting will be convened if, within three business days of the 
Bond Trustee serving notice on the relevant Security Trustee of its intention to convene such a meeting, the 
relevant Security Trustee confirms that it has already received instructions for or against the relevant matter 
from more than 50 per cent. of the Intercreditor Parties that could form part of the Issuer Instructing Group or 
Beneficiary Instructing Group, as the case may be (a “Confirmation of Instruction”). If the Bond Trustee 
receives a Confirmation of Instruction at any time before the day of the relevant Bondholder meeting, it shall 
notify the Bondholders that the meeting will be cancelled. The Conditions of the Bonds also make provision 
for Bondholder committees to be constituted (see Chapter 7 “Terms and Conditions of the Bonds – Condition 
15”). 
Emergency Instruction Procedure 
During a Default Situation, certain decisions and instructions may be required in a timeframe which does not 
provide a sufficient period in which to convene Bondholder meetings. To cater for such circumstances, the 
Intercreditor Arrangements provide for an emergency instruction procedure. The relevant Security Trustee 
will be required to act upon instructions contained in an emergency notice (an “Emergency Instruction 
Notice”). An Emergency Instruction Notice must be signed by the Qualifying Debt Representatives (the “EIN 
Signatories”) representing more than 66⅔ per cent. of the aggregate BIG Outstanding Principal Amount of 
the Qualified DCC Secured Creditors, after excluding the proportion in respect of which the Qualifying Debt 
Representative is a Bond Trustee who is unable to give an instruction (or exercise a vote) on the matter which 
is the subject of the Emergency Instruction Notice without convening a Bondholder meeting. The Emergency 
Instruction Notice must specify the emergency action which the relevant Security Trustee is being instructed 
to take and must certify that, unless such action is taken before the date on which a resolution of Bondholders

--- Page 89 ---
89 
could first be obtained, the interests of the Qualified DCC Secured Creditors (as defined below) represented 
by the EIN Signatories will be materially prejudiced. 
Entrenched Rights, Reserved Matters and Standstill 
The Intercreditor Arrangements are subject to certain entrenched rights and reserved matters. Each DCC 
Secured Creditor and each Issuer Secured Creditor has certain entrenched rights which cannot be exercised 
without the consent of the person having such entrenched right (see “DCC STID – Entrenched Rights” and 
“Issuer STID – Entrenched Rights of Issuer Secured Creditors” below), and certain reserved matters which 
such person is free to exercise, notwithstanding the Intercreditor Arrangements. 
The Intercreditor Arrangements at the DCC level are modified during a Standstill, in particular in respect of 
terminating the Standstill Period (see “DCC STID – Standstill” below). 
Intercreditor Definitions 
The following defined terms are used in this document in relation to the Intercreditor Arrangements: 
“Appropriate Indemnity” means an indemnity in form and substance satisfactory to the relevant Security 
Trustee. 
“Beneficiary Instructing Group” is defined in the DCC STID to mean (except with respect to the 
termination of any Standstill) Qualified DCC Secured Creditor(s) (as defined below) to whom is owed more 
than 50 per cent. of the aggregate BIG Outstanding Principal Amount of the Qualified DCC Secured 
Liabilities (as defined in the DCC STID) at the relevant time. 
“BIG Outstanding Principal Amount” means on any date in relation to: 
(i) 
the Issuer, the IIG Outstanding Principal Amount voted by the Issuer Security Trustee proportionately 
(as referred to in paragraph (ii) of the definition of Qualified DCC Secured Creditor); 
(ii) 
any Authorised Loan Facilities provided to DCC, the equivalent amount in the Base Currency of the 
outstanding principal amount of any drawn amounts; 
(iii) 
each DCC Finance Lease, the highest termination value which may fall due during the annual period 
encompassing such date and falling between two annual rental payment dates under the relevant 
Finance Lease (the “Annual Period”), calculated upon the assumptions and the cashflow report 
provided by the relevant DCC Finance Lessor on the first day of each such Annual Period; 
(iv) 
each DCC Hedge Document (as defined in the DCC STID), the amount (if any) that would be payable 
to the relevant DCC Hedge Counterparty on such date (as defined below) if an Early Termination Date 
were designated in respect of the transaction or transactions arising thereunder pursuant to Section 6(e) 
of the ISDA Master Agreement governing such transaction or transactions; and 
(v) 
any other permitted debt, the equivalent amount in the Base Currency of the outstanding principal 
amount of such debt in accordance with the relevant underlying documentation. 
“DCC Qualifying Debt Representative” in respect of the Beneficiary Instructing Group means in relation 
to: 
(i) 
any Intercompany Loan Agreement, the Issuer Security Trustee; 
(ii) 
any DCC Finance Lease, the relevant DCC Finance Lessor; 
(iii) 
any Authorised Loan Facility provided to DCC, the facility agent acting on the instructions of an 
instructing group of lenders or, where there is no facility agent, the Authorised Lender under such 
Authorised Loan Facility;

--- Page 90 ---
90 
(iv) 
any DCC Hedge Document, the relevant DCC Hedge Counterparty; and 
(v) 
any other form of permitted debt, the relevant representative appointed under the terms of the relevant 
underlying documentation. 
“Default Situation” means any period during which there subsists: 
(i) 
a Standstill; 
(ii) 
an Issuer Event of Default; or 
(iii) 
a DCC Event of Default. 
“FG Event of Default” means: 
(A) 
in relation to the Initial Financial Guarantor: 
(i) 
any Insured Amount or, as the case may be, Guaranteed Amount which is Due for Payment 
(each as defined in the relevant Financial Guarantee) is unpaid by reason of non-payment and is 
not paid by the Initial Financial Guarantor on the date stipulated in the relevant Financial 
Guarantee; 
(ii) 
the Initial Financial Guarantor disclaims, disaffirms, repudiates and/or challenges the validity of 
any of its obligations under the relevant Financial Guarantee or seeks to do so; 
(iii) 
the Initial Financial Guarantor: 
(a) 
presents any petition, commences any case or takes any proceedings for the winding-up 
or the appointment of an administrator or receiver (including an administrative receiver 
or manager), conciliator, trustee, assignee, custodian, sequestrator, liquidator or similar 
official under any Bankruptcy Law or, as the case may be, Insolvency Law, of the Initial 
Financial Guarantor (or as the case may be, of a material part of its property or assets) 
under any Bankruptcy Law or, as the case may be, Insolvency Law (as defined below); 
(b) 
makes or enters into any general assignment, composition, arrangement (including a 
voluntary arrangement under Part 1 of the UK Insolvency Act 1986 or equivalent 
legislation) or compromise with or for the benefit of any of its creditors; 
(c) 
has a final and non-appealable order for relief entered against it under any Bankruptcy 
Law or, as the case may be, Insolvency Law; or 
(d) 
has a final and non-appealable order, judgment or decree of a court of competent 
jurisdiction entered against it appointing any conciliator, receiver, administrative 
receiver, trustee, assignee, custodian, sequestrator, liquidator, administrator or similar 
official under any Bankruptcy Law or, as the case may be, Insolvency Law (each a 
“Custodian”) for the Initial Financial Guarantor or all or any material portion of its 
property or authorising the taking of possession by a Custodian of the Initial Financial 
Guarantor; and 
(B) 
and in relation to any other Financial Guarantor, such events as described in the relevant Financial 
Guarantee or Financial Guarantees of such Financial Guarantor as defined more particularly in the 
applicable Final Terms. 
For the purpose of this definition, “Bankruptcy Law” means Law No. 85-98 of 25 January 1985 and Law No 
84-148 of 1 March 1984 of the French Republic, any similar or future federal or state bankruptcy, insolvency, 
reorganisation, moratorium, rehabilitation, liquidation, conservation, fraudulent conveyance or similar law, 
statute or regulation of the French Republic or any other applicable jurisdiction for the relief of debtors, and 
“Insolvency Law” means any applicable United Kingdom bankruptcy or insolvency law, including the 
Enterprise Act 2002, the Insolvency Act 2000, the Insolvency Act 1986, the Insolvency Rules 1986, the

--- Page 91 ---
91 
Insolvency Regulations 1994 or any legislation passed in substitution or replacement thereof or amendment 
thereof or similar law, statute or regulation for the relief of debtors of the United Kingdom or any other 
applicable jurisdiction. 
“IIG Outstanding Principal Amount” means on any date in relation to: 
(i) 
the Class A Bonds, Class B Bonds, Class R Bonds, Class C Bonds and Class D Bonds, the equivalent 
amount in the Base Currency of the aggregate Principal Amount Outstanding (as defined in the 
Conditions) of the relevant Class or Classes of the outstanding Bonds (including any premium or 
indexation); 
(ii) 
Authorised Loan Facilities provided to the Issuer, the equivalent amount in the Base Currency of the 
outstanding principal amount of any drawn amounts; and 
(iii) 
any other permitted debt, the equivalent amount in the Base Currency of the outstanding principal 
amount of such debt in accordance with the relevant underlying debt documentation. 
“Issuer Instructing Group” means (except with respect of the termination of any Standstill) the Issuer 
Qualifying Debt Representatives in respect of Qualifying Debt who, prior to a Default Situation, have 
provided an Appropriate Indemnity (other than the Bond Trustee) to the Issuer Security Trustee and to whom 
is owed more than 50 per cent. of the aggregate IIG Outstanding Principal Amount of the Qualifying Debt. 
“Issuer Qualifying Debt Representative” means in relation to: 
(i) 
the Class A Bonds, until the full and complete payment by the Issuer of all sums due under the Class A 
Bonds, the relevant Financial Guarantor unless and until: 
(a) 
such time as the Issuer Security Trustee has received notice from the Bond Trustee or the 
Financial Guarantor that a FG Event of Default has occurred and is continuing (and has not 
otherwise been waived or cured to the satisfaction of the Bond Trustee); or 
(b) 
notwithstanding the absence of any FG Event of Default, no amounts could become payable by 
the Issuer to the Financial Guarantor under the Issuer Transaction Documents, 
in which case the Qualifying Debt Representative for the Class A Bonds shall be the Bond Trustee on 
behalf of the Class A Bondholders; 
(ii) 
the Class B Bonds, the Class R Bonds, the Class C Bonds and the Class D Bonds, the Bond Trustee on 
behalf of the holders thereof (excluding, in the case of the Class R Bonds, the Issuer or any affiliate 
thereof); and 
(iii) 
any Authorised Loan Facility provided to the Issuer, the facility agent acting on the instructions of an 
instructing group of lenders in accordance with the terms of such Authorised Loan Facility or, where 
there is no facility agent, the Authorised Lender under such Authorised Loan Facility. 
“Qualified DCC Secured Creditor” means: 
(i) 
each Authorised Lender and each DCC Finance Lessor which, prior to a Default Situation, provides an 
Appropriate Indemnity to the DCC Security Trustee; and 
(ii) 
the Issuer, on whose behalf the Issuer Security Trustee shall vote (provided that, prior to a Default 
Situation it provides an Appropriate Indemnity in respect of the proportionate votes received by it from 
the Issuer Instructing Group). In this respect, the Issuer Security Trustee will split its portion of the 
aggregate BIG Outstanding Principal Amount of the Qualified DCC Secured Creditors into 
Proportions (as set out above); or 
(iii) 
if none of the above, then the DCC Qualifying Debt Representative (provided, prior to a Default 
Situation, it provides an Appropriate Indemnity) of the DCC Secured Creditor (or DCC Secured 
Creditors if more than one such pari passu ranking DCC Secured Creditor) who at such time has/have

--- Page 92 ---
92 
the highest ranking in respect of its/their outstanding principal amount in the applicable DCC 
Post-Enforcement Payments Priorities. 
“Qualifying Debt” means the outstanding principal amount of: 
(i) 
the Class A Bonds provided that the Issuer Qualifying Debt Representative is the relevant Financial 
Guarantor; and 
(ii) 
debt financing provided to the Issuer pursuant to Authorised Loan Facilities (which for the avoidance 
of doubt will not include any Liquidity Facility Agreements or any Hedging Agreements); and 
(iii) 
where there is either no Qualifying Debt as referred to in (i) and (ii) above or there is a Default 
Situation or the relevant Financial Guarantor is not the Issuer Qualifying Debt Representative in 
relation to any Class A Bonds, the outstanding Class A Bonds (unless included in (i) above), Class B 
Bonds and Class R Bonds together (as provided in the Conditions of the Bonds and subject to the 
provisions of the Issuer STID); or  
(iv) 
where there is no Qualifying Debt as referred to in (i), (ii) or (iii) above, the outstanding Class C 
Bonds; or 
(v) 
where there is no Qualifying Debt as referred to in (i), (ii), (iii) or (iv) above, the outstanding Class D 
Bonds; or 
(vi) 
where there is no Qualifying Debt as referred to in (i), (ii), (iii), (iv) or (v) above, any remaining 
secured liabilities of the Issuer. 
“Qualifying Debt Representative” means an Issuer Qualifying Debt Representative and/or a DCC 
Qualifying Debt Representative, as the case may be. 
SUMMARY OF FINANCE DOCUMENTS  
Intercompany Loan Agreements 
The Issuer has on-loaned or will on-lend an amount equal to the sterling equivalent of the gross proceeds of 
issue of each Sub-Class of Bonds of each Series (or, in the case of Class R Bonds, the proceeds of sale of such 
Sub-Class) to DCC under the terms of an intercompany loan agreement (each such agreement an 
“Intercompany Loan Agreement”). Such issue proceeds have been or will be used to fund a separate 
corresponding advance under the corresponding Intercompany Loan Agreement. Each Intercompany Loan 
Agreement entered into by the Issuer and DCC in connection with a Series of Bonds has, or will have, the 
following characteristics:  
(i) 
all advances to be made by the Issuer under each Intercompany Loan Agreement have been or will be 
in sterling and at rates of interest equivalent to the aggregate of (a) the rate of interest for the 
corresponding Sub-Class of Bonds as set out in the relevant Final Terms and (b) a margin of 0.01 per 
cent. per annum; 
(ii) 
an advance under an Intercompany Loan Agreement will generally be repayable or prepayable by DCC 
in the same circumstances as the Issuer is obliged to repay or prepay principal in respect of the relevant 
Bonds the issue or drawdown proceeds of which were used to fund that advance; and 
(iii) 
the expiry or maturity date of each Intercompany Loan Agreement will match the expiry date of the 
corresponding Series of each Sub-Class of Bonds. 
The payment obligations of DCC under the Intercompany Loan Agreements enable the Issuer to service any 
payments due and payable on the corresponding Bonds and for the avoidance of doubt, the characteristics of 
each Intercompany Loan Agreement entered into in connection with an issue of Bonds are such as to 
demonstrate capacity to produce funds for the Issuer to service any payments due and payable on such Bonds

--- Page 93 ---
93 
(e.g. over-collateralisation created by the higher rate of interest on the Intercompany Loan Agreement). All 
payments of principal and interest under an Intercompany Loan Agreement are to be made free and clear of, 
and without withholding or deduction for, tax, if any, applicable to such payments in the United Kingdom or 
any other jurisdiction unless such withholding or deduction is required by law. In that event, DCC will be 
obliged to pay such additional amounts as will result in the receipt by the Issuer of such amounts as would 
have been received by it if no such withholding or deduction had been required. 
The Issuer may also, in certain circumstances, on-lend to DCC under an Intercompany Loan Agreement, the 
proceeds of a drawing under the Liquidity Facility (see “Additional Resources Available” - “The Liquidity 
Facilities” below). As set out above, there will be a separate Intercompany Loan Agreement for each Series of 
Bonds and separate advances under each Intercompany Loan Agreement in respect of: (i) each different Sub-
Class of Bonds issued in such Series; and (ii) additional liquidity provided under any Liquidity Facility 
Agreements specifically in respect of the Bonds of the relevant Series. Any advance of the proceeds of a 
drawing under the Liquidity Facility will be in sterling and at a rate of interest equivalent to the aggregate of 
(a) the rate of interest set out in the Liquidity Facility and (b) a margin of 0.01 per cent. per annum.  
There will also be a separate Intercompany Loan Agreement between DCC and the Issuer for each of the 
working capital and/or capital expenditure facilities provided to DCC via the Issuer through Authorised Loan 
Facilities. The amount of each such advance will reflect the corresponding amount of borrowing by the Issuer 
under the relevant Authorised Loan Facility (see “Additional Resources Available” - “Authorised Loan 
Facilities” below). Any advance of the proceeds of a drawing under an Authorised Loan Facility will be in 
sterling and at a rate of interest equivalent to the aggregate of (a) the rate of interest as set out in the 
Authorised Loan Facility and (b) a margin of 0.01 per cent. per annum. 
Each Intercompany Loan Agreement is or will be subject to the Common Terms Agreement which sets out, 
inter alia, the representations and warranties, covenants and events of default or termination events which 
apply to DCC under, inter alia, each Intercompany Loan Agreement and in the case of Holdings, Glas and 
Glas Securities, the representations and warranties, covenants and enforcement events under the DCC 
Security Documents to which they are a party (see “Common Terms Agreement” below). 
The payment obligations of DCC under the Intercompany Loan Agreements constitute DCC Secured 
Liabilities and as such are guaranteed by the Guarantors. However, it should be noted in respect of the 
Guarantors that none of them owns any significant assets (other than their direct or indirect interest in the 
shares of DCC). None of the Guarantors accepts any liability whatsoever in respect of any failure by the 
Issuer to make any payment of any amount due on the Bonds. 
Common Terms Agreement 
Each of the Finance Lessors, the Account Bank, the DCC Security Trustee, DCC, DCFL, Holdings, Glas 
Securities and Glas, among others, entered into a common terms agreement on the Initial Issue Date (as 
amended, the “Common Terms Agreement”) in respect of which the Issuer has been substituted in place of 
DCFL and DCFL has ceased to be a party. Certain additional DCC Finance Lessors, the Current DCC Hedge 
Counterparties and Glas Holdings have subsequently acceded to the Common Terms Agreement. The 
Common Terms Agreement sets out the representations, warranties, covenants (positive, negative and 
financial) and events of default which apply to each Intercompany Loan Agreement, each Authorised Loan 
Facility available to DCC, the Finance Leases (each as supplemented and amended thereby), the DCC 
Security Documents (as defined below) and each other agreement between or in respect of DCC and any of 
the Issuer, the DCC Finance Lessors, any Authorised Lender, any DCC Hedge Counterparty, the Account 
Bank, the DCC Security Trustee, the Standstill Cash Manager and any Additional Beneficiary as defined 
therein (the “DCC Secured Creditors”). The Common Terms Agreement also sets out the cash management 
arrangements applying to DCC (see “DCC Cash Management” below) for so long as there has been no 
acceleration of liabilities against DCC or for so long as no Standstill Period subsists. It is a requirement of the

--- Page 94 ---
94 
Common Terms Agreement that certain future providers of Permitted Indebtedness (as defined below) must 
also accede to the Common Terms Agreement. 
A summary of the representations, warranties, covenants and events of default included in the Common Terms 
Agreement is set out below. 
DCC Representations and Warranties 
On each Issue Date and each DCC Payment Date, DCC makes a number of representations and warranties in 
respect of itself to the DCC Secured Creditors which are customary in facilities of this sort, including (subject 
to agreed exceptions and qualifications as to materiality and reservations of law) as to corporate capacity, the 
binding nature of its obligations, the ranking of its obligations, the absence of security over its assets, the 
obtaining of relevant consents and approvals, the maintenance of insurance, there being no breach under the 
Instrument of Appointment and certain contracts to which it is party and the preparation of accounts being in 
accordance with applicable accounting standards.  
“DCC Security Documents” means the DCC STID, the DCC Deed of Charge, the Holdings Deed of Charge, 
the Glas Securities Deed of Charge and the Glas Deed of Charge and any other document agreed by DCC and 
the DCC Security Trustee to be a DCC Security Document. 
“DCC Transaction Documents” includes the Common Terms Agreement, the DCC Security Documents, the 
Intercompany Loan Agreements, DCC’s Authorised Loan Facilities, the DCC Finance Leases and related 
agreements (including the Supply Agreements, as defined below), the DCC Hedge Documents, the DCC 
Account Bank Agreement and related bank mandates in respect of the DCC Accounts, the facility letter in 
respect of the Overdraft Facility (as defined below) and any relevant documents entered into by DCC with 
any Additional Beneficiaries. 
“Material Entity Event” means certain defaults under certain material contracts in respect of a counterparty 
to such contracts including non-payment, misrepresentation, breach of obligation, insolvency events, failure 
to comply with final judgment, illegality and non-compliance where, in each case, such default would be 
reasonably likely to have a Material Adverse Effect (as defined below). 
Guarantor Representations and Warranties 
Each of Holdings, Glas Securities and Glas (as applicable) also gives certain customary representations and 
warranties in favour of the DCC Secured Creditors on each Issue Date and on each DCC Payment Date 
including (subject to agreed exceptions and qualifications as to materiality and reservations of law) as to 
corporate capacity, the binding nature of its obligations, the ranking of its obligations, the absence of security 
over its assets and the obtaining of relevant consents and approvals.  
DCC Covenants – positive 
Subject to agreed exceptions and materiality qualifications, DCC give certain covenants in favour of the DCC 
Secured Creditors, including customary covenants relating to maintenance of legal validity and legal status, 
maintenance of its insurances, compliance with environmental laws and maintenance of any necessary 
environmental permits, compliance with DCC’s obligations with respect to cash management, notification of 
DCC Potential Events of Default and DCC Events of Default, ranking of claims, compliance with consents 
and approvals necessary for the conduct of its business (including the leasing of the Equipment (as defined 
below)), notification of material litigation, timely payment of outgoings and taxes, the preparation of accounts 
and adequacy of systems, further assurance, perfection and protection of security interests under the DCC 
Security Documents. In addition, DCC undertakes, inter alia, to: 
• 
notify the DCC Security Trustee, the Issuer Security Trustee, the other DCC Secured Creditors and the 
Issuer Secured Creditors other than the Bond Trustee in writing of the occurrence of: 
• 
any Potential Trigger Event, Trigger Event, DCC Potential Event of Default (being any event or 
circumstance which would, with the expiry of a grace period, giving of notice or making of any

--- Page 95 ---
95 
determination under the relevant documents (or any combination of the foregoing) be a DCC 
Event of Default) or DCC Event of Default;  
• 
any event which would reasonably be expected to give rise to a material claim; or 
• 
any other event which has a Material Adverse Effect, 
in each case as soon as reasonably practicable upon becoming aware of such event; 
“Material Adverse Effect” means a material adverse effect (taking into account the timing and 
availability of any rights and remedies under the WIA or the Instrument of Appointment) on (a) the 
business, operations, property or financial condition of DCC; or (b) the ability of DCC to perform its 
obligations under the DCC Transaction Documents, certain material contracts or the Instrument of 
Appointment; or (c) the validity or enforceability of the DCC Transaction Documents, certain material 
contracts, or the rights or remedies of the DCC Secured Creditors or DCC thereunder; or (d) the ability 
of DCC to carry on the business of a water and sewerage undertaker. 
• 
deliver to the DCC Secured Creditors promptly after any reasonable request therefore made by the 
Issuer Security Trustee, a certificate signed on its behalf by an authorised signatory of DCC (a) 
confirming that no Potential Trigger Event, Trigger Event, DCC Potential Event of Default or DCC 
Event of Default has occurred since the date of the last such certificate setting out details of any such 
event which has occurred (other than those previously notified) and of which it is aware having made 
all reasonable enquiries, and of any action taken or proposed to be taken to remedy such event, and (b) 
dealing with such other matters in relation to which the Issuer Security Trustee may reasonably require 
to be satisfied or to receive information for the purposes of the Common Terms Agreement; 
• 
provide the Investors’ Reports and other information as set out in Chapter 1 “The Programme” under 
“Investor Information”; 
• 
provide the WSRA with all information required by it in accordance with the Instrument of 
Appointment on a timely basis; 
• 
use all reasonable endeavours to procure that the DCC Security Trustee is joined in the consultation 
process with the WSRA if DCC becomes subject to any transfer scheme (as defined in the WIA); 
• 
not make any Restricted Payments (as defined below) and only to the extent of the balance in the 
Customer Payments Account (or, for payments that are not Customer Rebates, to the extent of the 
balance of the General Ledger) unless: 
• 
no drawings are outstanding under Tranche R1 or any other Authorised Loan Facility provided 
directly to DCC by any Authorised Lender, and any drawings under the Overdraft Facility do 
not exceed £10,000,000 in aggregate, to the extent in each case that such drawings relate to 
working capital requirements; 
• 
the balance on the Debt Service Payment Account on the required date is not less than the 
required debt service payment account balance for the time being; 
• 
the balance on the Customer Payment Account on the required date is not less than the required 
customer payment account balance for the time being;  
• 
the backward looking and forward looking ICRs are greater than or equal to 2.0:1 after taking 
into account the effect of the proposed Restricted Payment; 
• 
the RAR is less than or equal to 0.85:1 after deducting the proposed Restricted Payment from 
available cash; 
• 
no Standstill is continuing;

--- Page 96 ---
96 
• 
no DCC Potential Event of Default, DCC Event of Default, Potential Trigger Event or Trigger 
Event is subsisting; and  
• 
in respect of Restricted Payments which (a) are Permitted Payments or (b) constitute dividends 
or other distributions paid for the purpose of funding any Permitted Payments by Glas:  
(i) 
such Restricted Payments shall be subject to a maximum aggregate amount of 
£100,000,000 (indexed); and 
(ii) 
the scope of operations of any New Businesses to be financed by such Restricted 
Payment (and the scope of operations of any existing New Businesses financed by any 
previous Permitted Payments) are limited predominantly to the utility and infrastructure 
sectors in the United Kingdom.  
“Restricted Payment” means (i) any dividend or distribution by DCC to any member of the Glas 
Group (or by way of Permitted Payment to Glas Holdings or any subsidiary of Glas Holdings), (ii) the 
payment of any rebate to any customer of DCC made by or on behalf of DCC and (iii) any revenue of 
DCC voluntarily foregone by it as a result of setting charges below those allowed under its price 
controls as determined from time to time. 
• 
ensure that it has adequate financial and management resources to enable it to discharge its core 
obligations under the Instrument of Appointment and under the DCC Transaction Documents and, in 
respect of performance obligations which are passed down to certain material contractors, it has 
retained sufficient control to discharge its obligations under the Instrument of Appointment and the 
DCC Transaction Documents; 
• 
enter into and comply with hedging arrangements in accordance with the agreed hedging policy; 
• 
ensure that the nature of its business is limited to performing the functions of a water and sewerage 
undertaker as defined in the WIA (the “Permitted Business”); 
• 
operate, maintain and conduct its business in accordance with, inter alia, the Instrument of 
Appointment, the WIA, and its constitutional documents; 
• 
procure that any future outsourcing contracts comply with public procurement rules and that they shall 
comply with the Outsourcing Policy; 
“Outsourcing Policy” means the schedule of provisions and procedures to be applied by DCC in the 
course of procuring and entering into any further outsourcing agreements, to be reviewed and amended 
from time to time in accordance with DCC’s procurement plan and good industry practice.  
• 
maintain a majority of non-executive directors (not being employees of any member of the Glas 
Group) on its board of directors; 
• 
use its reasonable endeavours (to the extent it is within its control to do so) to maintain the shadow 
credit rating of the Class A Bonds and the credit rating of the Class B Bonds and Class R Bonds at 
investment grade or better with any two of the Rating Agencies; and 
• 
in the event that any of the Local Authority Loans becomes, pursuant to its terms, capable of being 
declared due and payable prior to its scheduled payment date, DCC shall, within the agreed time 
period or, if earlier, by no later than the day on which such Local Authority Loan is declared to be due 
and payable, repay such Local Authority Loan in full. 
“Local Authority Loans” means the local authority loans referred to in “Additional Resources 
Available” below.

--- Page 97 ---
97 
In respect of each of the above covenants requiring any action or discretion on the part of the DCC Security 
Trustee, the DCC Security Trustee only acts under instructions of the Beneficiary Instructing Group in 
accordance with the DCC STID. 
DCC Covenants – Negative 
Subject to agreed exceptions and materiality qualifications, DCC undertakes, among other things, not to: 
• 
change its tax residence from the United Kingdom or (unless otherwise permitted under the DCC 
Transaction Documents) surrender any tax losses or allowances on other than arm’s length terms; 
• 
permit or agree to any suspension or abandonment of all or a material part of its business except in 
accordance with the provisions of the WIA; 
• 
create or permit to subsist any encumbrance over all or any of its present or future revenue, leased 
Equipment or assets other than a Permitted Encumbrance. “Permitted Encumbrances” include: (a) 
specified existing encumbrances; (b) certain encumbrances over after-acquired assets which are 
discharged within the agreed time or in respect of which the holder becomes a party to the DCC STID; 
(c) encumbrances under finance leases and similar agreements where the counterparty becomes a party 
to the DCC STID; (d) certain encumbrances arising in favour of the Account Bank; and (e) any other 
encumbrances (not within the specified categories of Permitted Encumbrances) provided that the 
aggregate principal amount secured by such encumbrances does not exceed £10,000,000 (indexed) and 
provided further that, in the case of any encumbrance under (a), (b), (c), (d) or (e) above, such 
encumbrance does not contravene the WIA, the Instrument of Appointment or any requirements 
thereof;  
• 
make any loans, grant any credit or other financial accommodation or give any guarantee to or for the 
benefit of any person or otherwise voluntarily assume any liability in respect of any obligation of any 
other person (except (i) for loans permitted to be made by DCC pursuant to the Restricted Payments 
covenant, and (ii) for guarantees given in the ordinary course of business to commercial counterparties, 
provided that the total aggregate value of such guarantees may not exceed £5,000,000 at any time) 
other than Permitted Indebtedness (as defined below) provided that no DCC Event of Default or DCC 
Potential Event of Default is subsisting at the time such Permitted Indebtedness is proposed to be made 
or would result from such indebtedness; 
• 
incur, create or permit to subsist or have outstanding any indebtedness for borrowed money other than 
Permitted Indebtedness. “Permitted Indebtedness” includes indebtedness for borrowed money 
incurred (a) which ranks pari passu with Advances made under an Intercompany Loan Agreement 
from the proceeds of issue of Class A, Class B, Class R or Class C Bonds, if the financial ratio tests in 
respect of the raising of new debt described in “DCC Covenants – Financial” below would be met 
after incurring such indebtedness or, if they would not be met, the additional requirements in respect of 
the raising of new debt described in “DCC Covenants – Financial” would be met and (b) which is 
subordinated either pursuant to the Issuer STID (or the DCC STID in relation to any indebtedness 
under the Intercompany Loan Agreements) such that it ranks subordinate to any Class C Bonds or, as 
the case may be, any advance made under an Intercompany Loan Agreement from the proceeds of 
issue of Class C Bonds; 
“DCC Finance Leases” means the Finance Leases, together with any other finance leases entered into 
by DCC in respect of plant, machinery and/or equipment as permitted by the Common Terms 
Agreement and the DCC STID; 
• 
make any disposal of the whole or any part of its revenues or its assets, leased Equipment or its 
business or undertaking other than Permitted Disposals. “Permitted Disposals” includes certain 
disposals, inter alia, (a) on arm’s length terms of assets in the ordinary course of trade or in connection 
with arm’s length transactions entered into for bona fide commercial purposes for the benefit of the

--- Page 98 ---
98 
Permitted Business, (b) of obsolete or surplus assets, (c) of protected land made in accordance with the 
Instrument of Appointment, (d) of leased Equipment pursuant to a DCC Finance Lease, (e) provided 
that the consideration received by DCC in respect of the relevant disposal when aggregated with all 
other disposals by it made in the immediately preceding twelve month period does not exceed 2.5 per 
cent. of RAV (as defined below) for the time being and (f) that are Restricted Payments which are 
permitted to be made; 
• 
merge or consolidate with any other person or participate in any other type of corporate reconstruction 
without the prior written consent of the DCC Security Trustee (acting on the instructions of the 
Beneficiary Instructing Group) and, other than Permitted Acquisitions, acquire any shares, assets, 
leased Equipment or form or enter into any partnership, consortium, joint venture or other like 
arrangement. “Permitted Acquisitions” will include acquisitions of assets made (a) in the ordinary 
course of trade or in connection with arm’s length transactions entered into for bona fide commercial 
purposes in furtherance of DCC’s statutory obligations, (b) in accordance with the agreed capital 
expenditure plan and (c) to replace surplus or obsolete assets; 
• 
to the extent its agreement is required for the same, agree any variation to the Instrument of 
Appointment which would reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect; 
• 
unless permitted under the DCC STID and the Common Terms Agreement pay, prepay or repay or 
defease, exchange or purchase any amount under any loan or other indebtedness subordinated to its 
obligations under the DCC Transaction Documents or redeem or repurchase any of its share capital; 
• 
enter into any treasury transaction which is not a Permitted Treasury Transaction. A “Permitted 
Treasury Transaction” includes (a) a transaction entered into accordance with the agreed hedging 
policy, and (b) certain foreign exchange transactions entered into in the ordinary course of business; 
• 
dispose of assets on a sale and leaseback basis or any of its receivables on recourse terms or in relation 
to a securitisation (except for factoring and the discounting of bills and notes in the ordinary course of 
its business) unless the resulting indebtedness is Permitted Indebtedness and provided that, in any such 
case, the consideration in respect of such sales, leases, transfers or disposals is received in cash 
payable in full at the time and does not exceed the agreed threshold in aggregate at any time; or 
• 
have greater than 20 per cent. of its aggregate nominal outstanding external indebtedness for borrowed 
money fall due for scheduled final repayment within any 24-month period. 
Other covenants (subject to agreed exceptions and materiality qualifications) given by DCC include 
covenants relating to the operation and abandonment of its business, not to create or acquire subsidiaries, not 
to enter into any arrangement or contract with any of its affiliates or any entity otherwise than on arms’ length 
terms, not to amend its constitutional documents, certain material contracts, or the Instrument of 
Appointment, and not to compromise or settle any material claim without prior notification to the DCC 
Security Trustee, the other DCC Secured Creditors and the Issuer Secured Creditors. 
DCC is required periodically to certify to the DCC Secured Creditors and indirectly to the Issuer Secured 
Creditors whether it is in compliance with its obligations under the DCC Transaction Documents (and 
whether a DCC Event of Default or a DCC Potential Event of Default has occurred). The DCC Security 
Trustee and the Issuer Security Trustee shall not be responsible for monitoring such compliance by DCC 
except, in the case of the Issuer Security Trustee (in its role as Qualifying Debt Representative), by means of 
receipt from DCC of such certificates of compliance pursuant to the provisions of any Intercompany Loan 
Agreement and shall be entitled to assume until receipt of express notice to the contrary that no such breach, 
DCC Event of Default or DCC Potential Event of Default has occurred. 
In particular, where a DCC Event of Default, covenant, representation or warranty refers to Material Adverse 
Effect, material adverse change, materiality or like terminology, the DCC Security Trustee and the Issuer 
Security Trustee (including in its role as Qualifying Debt Representative) will not determine such matters (or

--- Page 99 ---
99 
the absence thereof). The Issuer Instructing Group or the Beneficiary Instructing Group (as the case may be) 
may instruct the Issuer Security Trustee or the DCC Security Trustee (as applicable) whether any such breach 
by DCC, DCC Event of Default or DCC Potential Event of Default has occurred. The Issuer Security Trustee 
or the DCC Security Trustee shall be bound to act on such instructions in accordance with the Issuer STID or 
DCC STID (as the case may be). Where the Issuer Instructing Group consists of the Bond Trustee acting on 
behalf of the relevant Bondholders as referred to in the Issuer STID, the Bond Trustee will not determine 
Material Adverse Effect, material adverse change, materiality or like terminology, but will instead seek that 
such determination be made by such relevant Bondholders by means of an Extraordinary Resolution (see 
Condition 3(h) in Chapter 7 under “Terms and Conditions of the Bonds”). 
DCC Covenants – Financial 
Among the covenants which DCC makes in favour of the DCC Secured Creditors under the Common Terms 
Agreement, DCC also undertakes to maintain certain financial ratios and take certain actions in the event that 
such financial ratios fall below specified levels. 
The two key financial ratios which DCC is required to comply with are as follows: 
Interest Cover Ratio 
The interest cover ratio (“ICR”) is calculated on a backward-looking basis for the previous financial year and 
projected on a forward-looking basis for the current financial year and for each future financial year until the 
next periodic review. To avoid an event of default, DCC is required to maintain each of these backward-
looking and forward-looking ratios at a level of at least 1.6:1. This ratio comprises the amount of Net Cash 
Flow (as defined below) from operations for a financial year to the amount of Net Debt Service (as defined 
below) for the relevant financial year. 
Regulated Asset Ratio 
The regulated asset ratio (“RAR”) is also calculated on a backward-looking basis as at the previous financial 
year end and projected on a forward-looking basis for each financial year end date until the next periodic 
review. Each of these ratios is subject to a maximum level of 0.95:1 which DCC covenants to maintain (in 
order to avoid an event of default). This ratio represents Total Net Indebtedness (as defined below) of the Glas 
Group (other than Class D Bonds) as at a date to RAV as at such date. 
“Calculation Date” means each 31 March and 30 September in each year. 
“Net Debt Service” means, in relation to a financial year, an amount equal to the aggregate of all interest 
payable on the Issuer’s obligations under and in connection with the Class A Bonds, the Class B Bonds and 
the Class R Bonds (together “Senior Bonds”), DCC’s obligations under and in connection with the DCC 
Finance Leases and any other senior debt of any member of the Glas Group during such financial year less all 
indexation on any such liabilities to the extent included in the interest payable on such liabilities during such 
financial year, all interest receivable by any member of the Glas Group from a third party during such 
financial year except to the extent included in Net Cash Flow and excluding amortisation of the costs of issue 
of any Senior Bonds for such financial year. 
“Net Cash Flow” means, in respect of a financial year, an amount equal to the actual pre-tax operating profit 
(after adding back depreciation, any exceptional items, any customer rebates, any infrastructure renewals 
charge and any impairment of fixed assets written off and deducting any amortisation of fixed asset grants and 
contributions (as such terms are used in, and each case calculated in accordance with the methodology used 
in, the most recent financial statements of the Glas Group)) of the Glas Group (on a consolidated basis) for 
such financial year. 
“RAV” means, in relation to a Calculation Date, the regulated asset value for such Calculation Date as last 
determined by the WSRA (interpolated as necessary) and adjusted as appropriate for out-turn inflation.

--- Page 100 ---
100 
“Total Net Indebtedness” means, as at any date, all the Issuer’s nominal debt outstanding under and in 
connection with the Bonds (excluding any Class D Bonds) and any other indebtedness for borrowed money of 
the Glas Group (on a consolidated basis) including all principal indexation on any such liabilities which are 
indexed together with any accrued but unpaid interest but after adding back any costs of the issue of or premia 
associated with the Bonds (excluding any Class D Bonds) (to the extent such costs or premia are not already 
included in the nominal debt outstanding under and in connection with the Bonds) and less cash (excluding an 
amount equal to any customer rebate declared by DCC for the following year to the extent that there are funds 
in the Customer Payment Account to pay such a rebate) and cash investments. 
Both the ICR and the RAR relate to the Glas Group on a consolidated basis and are required to be calculated 
on a backward-looking basis and projected on a forward-looking basis on each Calculation Date. 
If the ICR falls below 1.75:1 or the RAR rises above 0.925:1 then DCC is required to apply to the WSRA for 
an interim determination on any available grounds (see Chapter 5 “Water Regulation” under “Interim 
Determinations of K” for further details on Interim Determinations). 
Whenever DCC seeks an Interim Determination or there is a periodic review, it must apply to the WSRA for a 
determination which will allow it to maintain a minimum credit rating in the A category for Class B and Class 
R Bonds and a minimum “shadow” credit rating in the A category for Class A Bonds. 
There is flexibility to alter the ratio threshold levels and the minimum and maximum levels specified above 
for these financial ratios with the agreement of the DCC Security Trustee and additionally provided that two 
of the Rating Agencies confirm that the alteration will not lead to a downgrade of the rating for any of the 
Bonds (other than Class D Bonds) below their respective ratings on the date of their original issue. 
DCC is not permitted to raise new debt (other than debt which is subordinate to Class C Bonds) unless it 
meets certain ratio tests (subject to an exception). To raise new senior debt, the Senior RAR (as defined below 
and each calculated on the basis of taking into account such proposed senior debt) must be equal to or less 
than 75 per cent. for the current and each future financial year until the next periodic review. To raise new 
debt ranking pari passu with Class C Bonds (calculated on the basis of taking into account such proposed 
debt), the RAR must be equal to or less than 86 per cent. for the current and each future financial year until 
the next periodic review. 
If these ratio levels would be breached, DCC is only permitted to raise new debt if: 
• 
two of the Rating Agencies confirm that the raising of the proposed new debt will not result in any 
Bonds (other than any Class D Bonds) being rated below the rating at the time the Bonds were issued; 
and 
• 
the consent of the DCC Security Trustee to the raising of the proposed new debt has been obtained. 
“Senior RAR” means the ratio of Senior Total Net Indebtedness to RAV. 
“Senior Total Net Indebtedness” means, as at any date, all the Issuer’s nominal debt outstanding under and 
in connection with the Senior Bonds and DCC’s nominal debt outstanding under and in connection with the 
DCC Finance Leases and any other senior debt including all principal indexation on any such liabilities which 
are indexed together with any accrued but unpaid interest but after adding back any costs of the issue of or 
premia associated with the Senior Bonds (to the extent such costs or premia are not already included in the 
nominal debt outstanding under and in connection with the Senior Bonds) and less cash (excluding an amount 
equal to any customer rebate declared by DCC for the following year to the extent that there are funds in the 
Customer Payment Account to pay such a rebate) and cash investments. 
Guarantor Covenants 
Under the Common Terms Agreement, each Guarantor covenants in favour of the DCC Secured Creditors, 
inter alia, to provide the DCC Security Trustee, the other DCC Secured Creditors and the Issuer Secured 
Creditors with certain financial and other information, to pay all taxes due in a timely manner, to comply with

--- Page 101 ---
101 
all laws, all DCC Transaction Documents to which it is a party and to notify the DCC Security Trustee of any 
DCC Potential Event of Default or DCC Event of Default under the Common Terms Agreement of which it 
becomes aware. In addition, each Guarantor covenants, inter alia, not to carry on any business other than that 
of a holding company incur any liabilities, permit any encumbrance to subsist or have any employees or 
premises (subject to such exceptions as may be required to enable Glas or, as the case may be, Glas Securities 
to conduct its permitted business) or acquire or establish any further subsidiaries (excluding in the case of 
Glas any subsidiaries (“Relevant Subsidiaries”) as may be required for the sole purpose of (i) acquiring 
Bonds of any Class issued from time to time by the Issuer after the Initial Issue Date and issuing preference 
shares to any person and/or subscribing for preference shares issued by another Relevant Subsidiary; and (ii) 
entering into documentation relating to the same (including put and call options with any holder of any 
preference shares or any trustee on behalf of such holder)). 
Trigger Events 
The Common Terms Agreement also sets out certain trigger events (the “Trigger Events”), the occurrence of 
which will enable the DCC Security Trustee, acting on the instructions of a Beneficiary Instructing Group, to 
require DCC to take certain remedial action. The specific Trigger Events and the consequences which flow 
from the occurrence of those events (the “Trigger Event Consequences”, as described more particularly at 
“Trigger Event Consequences” below) are summarised below. 
Trigger Events 
The occurrence of any of the following events is a Trigger Event for the purposes of the DCC STID: 
(1) 
ICR and RAR 
On any Calculation Date: 
(i) 
the ICR for the previous financial year or for any financial year up to the next periodic review is 
or is estimated to be less than 2.0:1; 
(ii) 
the RAR for the previous financial year or for any financial year up to the next periodic review 
is or is estimated to be more than 0.85:1; or 
(iii) 
the ICR (adjusted to deduct actual or planned capital maintenance expenditure from the 
numerator) is less than 1:1. 
See “DCC Covenants – Financial” above for further details of the financial ratios referred to above. 
(2) 
Credit Rating Downgrade 
(i) 
the shadow credit rating of the Class A Bonds by any two of the Rating Agencies falls to BBB, 
Baa2 or BBB respectively or below; 
(ii) 
the credit rating of the Class B Bonds or Class R Bonds by any two of the Rating Agencies falls 
to BBB, Baa2 or BBB respectively or below; or 
(iii) 
the credit rating of the Class C Bonds by any two of the Rating Agencies falls below investment 
grade. 
Each credit rating referred to above is the “Trigger Credit Rating” for the relevant Class of Bonds. 
(3) 
Debt Service Payment Account Shortfalls 
The failure to maintain the required credit balance in the Debt Service Payment Account on the 
required day. 
(4) 
Capex Reserve Shortfalls 
As at any Calculation Date, the aggregate of (i) the amount credited to the Reserves Account and (ii) 
the undrawn commitment under (a) Tranche R2 under the Intercompany Loan Agreement entered into

--- Page 102 ---
102 
on the Initial Issue Date and any replacement or supplemental facility provided for capital expenditure 
under any further Intercompany Loan Agreement and (b) any Authorised Loan Facility made available 
to DCC for capital expenditure ((i) and (ii) together, the (“Capex Reserve Facility Amount”) is less 
than the amount (the “Net Capex Requirement”) equal to the difference between (x) the forecast 
capital expenditure requirement of DCC for the twelve months following such Calculation Date and 
(y) the amount of operating cashflow forecast as at such Calculation Date to be available to fund such 
capital expenditure during such twelve month period and the Capex Reserve Facility Amount is less 
than the Net Capex Requirement on the date which is two months after such Calculation Date. 
(5) 
Drawdown on Liquidity Facility 
The Issuer draws down under any Liquidity Facility (except for the purpose of making a Standby 
Drawing). 
(6) 
Enforcement Orders 
The making of any Enforcement Order (as defined in the WIA) under Part II, Chapter II of the WIA 
against DCC which would reasonably be expected to lead to the loss of the Instrument of Appointment 
or a material fine being levied against DCC. 
(7) 
Circumstances leading to a Special Administration Order 
Any indication arising from notices and/or correspondence issued by, or during correspondence with, 
the WSRA or any other circumstance of which DCC is aware that would reasonably be expected to 
lead to an application by the WSRA or the Welsh Government for a special administration order to be 
made in respect of DCC. 
(8) 
Termination of Instrument of Appointment 
The giving of a notice to terminate DCC’s Instrument of Appointment under the WIA. 
(9) 
Event of Default 
A DCC Event of Default occurs which is continuing. 
(10) 
Material Entity Event 
A Material Entity Event occurs which is continuing. 
Trigger Event Consequences 
Following the occurrence of a Trigger Event and at any time until such Trigger Event has been waived by the 
DCC Security Trustee, remedied in accordance with Trigger Event Remedies (as described below) or 
otherwise remedied to the satisfaction of the DCC Security Trustee, the provisions set out below shall apply: 
(1) 
No Restricted Payments 
DCC shall not make any Restricted Payments and, in respect of customer rebates, if these have not yet 
been implemented, shall stop their implementation and shall not declare any customer rebates. 
(2) 
Further Information and Remedial Action 
(i) 
DCC shall provide such information as to the relevant Trigger Event (including its causes and 
effects) as may be requested by the DCC Security Trustee. 
(ii) 
DCC shall discuss and agree with the DCC Security Trustee (the agreement of the DCC 
Security Trustee not to be unreasonably withheld or delayed) its plans for appropriate remedial 
action and the timetable for implementation of such action. The agreed remedial plan shall then 
be implemented by DCC.

--- Page 103 ---
103 
(3) 
Independent Review 
(i) 
The DCC Security Trustee may, at its discretion, commission an independent review (the 
“Independent Review”) to be undertaken on the timetable stipulated by the DCC Security 
Trustee. The Independent Review will be conducted by technical advisers to the DCC Security 
Trustee appointed from time to time or such other person as the DCC Security Trustee may 
decide. 
(ii) 
The Independent Review shall examine the causes of the relevant Trigger Event and 
recommend appropriate corrective measures. 
(iii) 
DCC shall cooperate with the person appointed to prepare the Independent Review including 
providing access to its books and records and personnel and facilities as may be required for 
those purposes. 
(4) 
Consultation with the WSRA 
The DCC Security Trustee shall be entitled to discuss the relevant Trigger Event and the agreed 
remedial plan with the WSRA at any time. 
(5) 
Appointment of Additional Non-executive Directors 
If the relevant Trigger Event has not otherwise been remedied or waived and: 
(i) 
the agreed remedial plan has not been implemented to the reasonable satisfaction of the DCC 
Security Trustee within the agreed timetable; 
(ii) 
any agreed remedial plan does not continue to be implemented to the reasonable satisfaction of 
the DCC Security Trustee; or 
(iii) 
DCC and the DCC Security Trustee fail to agree on a remedial plan within the stipulated time 
limit, 
the DCC Security Trustee shall be entitled to procure the appointment of additional non-executive 
directors to the board of DCC. 
In respect of any of the Trigger Event Consequences described above which require the DCC Security Trustee 
to exercise its discretion, it shall do so upon instructions of the Beneficiary Instructing Group. The DCC 
Security Trustee is entitled to assume that no Trigger Event has occurred unless informed otherwise. 
Trigger Event Remedies 
At any time when DCC believes that a Trigger Event has been remedied by virtue of any of the following, it 
shall serve notice on the DCC Security Trustee to that effect, and the DCC Security Trustee shall respond 
within the agreed time limit confirming that the relevant Trigger Event has, in its reasonable opinion, been 
remedied or setting out its reasons for believing that such Trigger Event has not been remedied (in which 
case, such event shall continue to be a Trigger Event until such time as the DCC Security Trustee is 
reasonably satisfied that the Trigger Event has been remedied). 
The following shall constitute remedies to the Trigger Events: 
(1) 
ICR and RAR 
The occurrence of a Trigger Event referred to in paragraph 1 of Trigger Events shall be remedied if, on 
any subsequent date: 
(i) 
the ICR for the immediately preceding financial year is, and for each subsequent financial year 
until the next periodic review is projected to be, 2.0:1 or greater; and

--- Page 104 ---
104 
(ii) 
the RAR for the immediately preceding financial year is, and for each subsequent financial year 
until the next periodic review is projected to be, 0.85:1 or less; and 
(iii) 
the ICR for the immediately preceding financial year is, and for each subsequent financial year 
is projected to be, (adjusted to deduct actual or planned capital maintenance expenditure from 
the numerator) is greater than 1:1. 
(2) 
Credit Rating Downgrade 
The occurrence of a Trigger Event referred to in paragraph 2 of Trigger Events shall be remedied if the 
credit rating of the relevant class of Bonds given by any two of the Rating Agencies is above the 
Trigger Credit Rating. 
(3) 
Debt Service Payment Account Shortfall 
The occurrence of a Trigger Event referred to in paragraph 3 of Trigger Events shall be remedied if the 
credit balance of the Debt Service Payment Account is restored to the required level. 
(4) 
Capex Reserve Shortfalls 
The occurrence of a Trigger Event referred to in paragraph 5 of Trigger Events shall be remedied on 
any subsequent date if the Capex Reserve Facility Amount is equal to or greater than the Net Capex 
Requirement for the twelve months immediately following the relevant Calculation Date. 
(5) 
Drawdown on Liquidity Facility 
The occurrence of a Trigger Event referred to in paragraph 6 of Trigger Events shall be remedied if the 
drawing under the relevant Liquidity Facility is repaid in full without such repayment being funded by 
the making of any further drawing under that Liquidity Facility and that such Liquidity Facility or 
another Liquidity Facility is available for drawing in the future. 
(6) 
Enforcement Orders 
The occurrence of a Trigger Event referred in paragraph 7 of Trigger Events shall be remedied if DCC 
has complied with the terms of the relevant Enforcement Order to the reasonable satisfaction of the 
DCC Security Trustee or if the Enforcement Order has been effectively withdrawn or if, in the opinion 
of the DCC Security Trustee (acting reasonably), the relevant fine will not have a Material Adverse 
Effect or that the Instrument of Appointment will not be terminated. 
(7) 
Circumstances leading to a Special Administration Order 
The occurrence of a Trigger Event referred to in paragraph 8 of Trigger Events shall be remedied if (a) 
a special administration order is not made within six months of the relevant Trigger Event occurring or 
(b) the DCC Security Trustee is reasonably satisfied that a special administration order will not be 
made in respect of DCC. 
(8) 
Termination of Instrument of Appointment 
The occurrence of a Trigger Event referred to in paragraph 9 of Trigger Events will be remedied by 
agreement by DCC of a transfer scheme which is reasonably satisfactory to the DCC Security Trustee. 
(9) 
Event of Default 
The occurrence of a Trigger Event referred to in paragraph 10 of Trigger Events will be remedied upon 
the acceptance by the DCC Security Trustee of an agreed remedial plan and implementation of such 
plan has commenced to the reasonable satisfaction of the DCC Security Trustee.

--- Page 105 ---
105 
(10) 
Material Entity Event 
The occurrence of a Trigger Event referred to in paragraph 11 of Trigger Events will be remedied upon 
the acceptance by the DCC Security Trustee of an agreed remedial plan and implementation of such 
plan has commenced to the reasonable satisfaction of the DCC Security Trustee.  
In respect of any of the Trigger Event Remedies described above which require the DCC Security 
Trustee to exercise its discretion, it shall do so upon instructions of the Beneficiary Instructing Group, 
and any reference to reasonableness and reasonable time shall be interpreted accordingly. 
DCC Events of Default 
The Common Terms Agreement contains a number of events of default (the “DCC Events of Default”). 
Subject to agreed exceptions, materiality qualifications and grace periods, DCC Events of Default include 
non-payment, misrepresentation, breach of covenant (including financial covenants and failure to comply 
with the Outsourcing Policy), default under DCC’s own contracts, insolvency events (including special 
administration), insolvency proceedings (including the appointment of a special administrator), execution or 
distress, failure to comply with final judgment, a change of control of any Obligor, illegality, governmental 
intervention, litigation, change of business, termination of the Instrument of Appointment or, if a notice to 
terminate the Instrument of Appointment is served, the failure to implement an agreed transfer scheme at least 
two years prior to the termination date specified in such notice. 
In respect of each DCC Event of Default requiring any action or discretion on the part of the relevant creditor, 
the relevant Security Trustee will act in accordance with the instructions of the Beneficiary Instructing Group 
or the Issuer Instructing Group in accordance with the DCC STID and the Issuer STID, respectively. 
The occurrence of a DCC Event of Default will automatically give rise to a Standstill Event under the DCC 
STID (see “DCC STID” below). 
DCC Deed of Charge 
DCC has entered into a deed of charge (the “DCC Deed of Charge”) with the DCC Security Trustee pursuant 
to which DCC has secured its obligations to the DCC Secured Creditors. The creation, perfection and 
enforcement of such security is each subject to the WIA, the Instrument of Appointment and requirements 
thereunder. The DCC Deed of Charge, to the extent applicable, incorporates the provisions of the Common 
Terms Agreement. 
The security constituted by the DCC Deed of Charge (the “DCC Security”) is expressed to include a first 
fixed charge over DCC’s right, title and interest from time to time in and to: 
(i) 
any real property currently owned by DCC or acquired after the date of the DCC Deed of Charge; 
(ii) 
the proceeds of disposal of any protected land; 
(iii) 
any tangible moveable property; 
(iv) 
DCC’s Accounts; 
(v) 
any intellectual property rights owned by DCC; 
(vi) 
any goodwill and rights in relation to the uncalled capital of DCC; 
(vii) 
each investment of DCC’s funds in certain eligible investments;  
(viii) all shares of any subsidiary of DCC from time to time, all dividends, interest and other monies payable 
in respect thereof and all other rights related thereto; and 
(ix) 
an assignment of DCC’s right, title and interest from time to time in and to: 
(1) 
the proceeds of any insurance policies and all rights related thereto;

--- Page 106 ---
106 
(2) 
all rights and claims in relation to the DCC Accounts; 
(3) 
all contracts (subject to certain exceptions) with third parties;  
(4) 
all monetary claims and all rights related thereto, including all accounts receivable (and to the 
extent that any accounts receivable cannot be effectively assigned as described, DCC shall hold 
the same on trust for the DCC Security Trustee absolutely); 
(5) 
the DCC Transaction Documents; and 
(6) 
a first floating charge of the whole of the undertaking, property, assets and rights whatsoever 
and wheresoever present and future of DCC, 
to the extent that, in all cases, such security is not created over protected land or would otherwise contravene 
the terms of the WIA, the Instrument of Appointment and requirements thereunder, or any other applicable 
statute or law. 
The DCC Security is held on trust by the DCC Security Trustee for itself and on behalf of the DCC Secured 
Creditors in accordance with and subject to the terms of the DCC STID. 
For a description of certain limitations on the ability of DCC to grant security and certain limitations and 
restrictions on the security purported to be granted, see Chapter 5 “Water Regulation” under “Security”. In 
addition, notice of the creation of the DCC Security has not been given initially to DCC’s customers or to 
DCC’s contractual counterparties in respect of its contracts (other than certain material contracts). Each 
charge over DCC’s land as purported to be granted also takes effect in equity only. Accordingly, until any 
such assignment is perfected, registration effected with HM Land Registry in respect of registered land or 
certain other action is taken in respect of unregistered land, any such assignment or charge may be or become 
subject to prior equities arising (such as rights of set-off). 
Guarantor Security 
Each of the Guarantors has entered into a guarantee and deed of charge (respectively, the “Holdings Deed of 
Charge”, the “Glas Securities Deed of Charge” and the “Glas Deed of Charge” and, together, the “Deeds 
of Charge”) with the DCC Security Trustee, for itself and on behalf of the DCC Secured Creditors, pursuant 
to which each of them has guaranteed to the DCC Security Trustee, for itself and on behalf of the DCC 
Secured Creditors, the obligations of DCC to the DCC Secured Creditors.  
The guarantee from Holdings (the “Holdings Guarantee”) is secured by a first fixed charge over its shares in 
DCC and the Issuer and a first ranking floating charge over all the assets and undertaking of Holdings. The 
guarantee from Glas Securities (the “Glas Securities Guarantee”) is secured by first fixed charges over its 
shares in Holdings and a first ranking floating charge over all the assets and undertaking of Glas Securities. 
The guarantee from Glas (the “Glas Guarantee”, together with the Holdings Guarantee and the Glas 
Securities Guarantee, the “Guarantees”) is secured by a first fixed charge over its shares in Glas Securities 
and a first ranking floating charge over all the assets and undertaking of Glas.  
Each of the Deeds of Charge, to the extent applicable, incorporates the provisions of the Common Terms 
Agreement. 
The Holdings Guarantee and the security constituted by the Holdings Deed of Charge (the “Holdings 
Security”), the Glas Securities Guarantee and security constituted by the Glas Securities Deed of Charge (the 
“Glas Securities Security”) and the Glas Guarantee and security constituted by the Glas Deed of Charge (the 
“Glas Security” and, together with the Holdings Security, and the Glas Securities Security, the “Guarantor 
Security”) is held by the DCC Security Trustee for itself and on behalf of the DCC Secured Creditors in 
accordance with, and subject to, the terms of the DCC STID and will be enforceable if (a) the respective 
Guarantor defaults under its respective Deed of Charge which default or breach is not remedied, (b) such 
Guarantor breaches any of its covenants set out in the Common Terms Agreement which default or breach is

--- Page 107 ---
107 
not remedied or (c) a DCC Event of Default occurs. In addition, if a Guarantor breaches any of its respective 
representations, warranties or covenants under the Common Terms Agreement and such breach is not 
remedied within any applicable grace period or if a Standstill occurs, such Guarantor will jointly and severally 
be obliged, together with each other Guarantor, to deposit in an account with the Account Bank in the name of 
the DCC Security Trustee by way of security for its guarantee obligations the aggregate principal amount 
outstanding under the Intercompany Loan Agreements. 
None of Holdings, Glas Securities or Glas has any significant assets other than the shares in their respective 
subsidiaries. 
For the avoidance of doubt, although the Guarantor Security indirectly supports the payment obligations of 
DCC under, among others, the Intercompany Loan Agreements, it should be noted that none of the Guarantors 
owns any significant assets (other than their direct or indirect interest in the shares of DCC). In addition, none 
of the Guarantors accepts any liability whatsoever in respect of any failure by the Issuer to make any payment 
of any amount due on the Bonds. 
Glas Holdings Security 
Glas Holdings has entered into a deed of charge (the “Glas Holdings Deed of Charge”) with the DCC 
Security Trustee (for itself and on behalf of the DCC Secured Creditors), pursuant to which Glas Holdings has 
provided a covenant to pay to the DCC Security Trustee, for itself and on behalf of the DCC Secured 
Creditors, the Glas Holdings Secured Liabilities (if such liabilities have become due and payable and, after 
the expiry of any applicable grace period, have not been paid). 
The covenant to pay from Glas Holdings is secured by a first fixed charge over its shares in Glas and any 
shares in any subsidiary directly owned by Glas Holdings in the future.  
The security constituted by the Glas Holdings Deed of Charge is held by the DCC Security Trustee for itself 
and on behalf of the DCC Secured Creditors in accordance with, and subject to, the terms of the DCC STID 
and will be enforceable if any of the DCC Security Documents becomes enforceable in accordance with their 
respective terms.  
For the avoidance of doubt, Glas Holdings has not entered into a guarantee under the Glas Holdings Deed of 
Charge and so is not a Guarantor (unlike Glas, Glas Securities and Holdings who have each provided a 
Guarantee). 
“Glas Holdings Security Documents”  means the Glas Holdings Deed of Charge and any other document 
which may be designated by Glas Holdings and the DCC Security Trustee as a Glas Holdings Security 
Document evidencing or granting security for the Glas Holdings Secured Liabilities. 
“Glas Holdings Secured Liabilities”  means all present and future sums, liabilities and obligations 
whatsoever (actual or contingent) payable, owing, due or incurred by Glas Holdings to the DCC Security 
Trustee under the Glas Holdings Deed of Charge. 
DCC STID 
Each of the DCC Security Trustee and the other DCC Secured Creditors, DCC, Holdings, Glas Securities, 
Glas, the Issuer Security Trustee and the DCC Security Trustee entered into, on the Initial Issue Date, or in the 
case of certain DCC Secured Creditors and Glas Holdings, subsequently acceded to, the DCC STID pursuant 
to which, inter alia, the DCC Security Trustee has been appointed as trustee of the DCC Security, and of the 
Guarantor Security. The DCC STID regulates, inter alia, the rights of the DCC Secured Creditors to require 
the DCC Security Trustee to enforce the DCC Security and the Guarantor Security and sets out the ranking in 
point of payment of the claims of the DCC Secured Creditors to the proceeds of such enforcement.

--- Page 108 ---
108 
The DCC Security Trustee acts as trustee on behalf of the DCC Secured Creditors in connection with the 
DCC Security and the Guarantor Security. In such capacity, the DCC Security Trustee has agreed that it will 
exercise any right which it may have in respect of the DCC Transaction Documents only as directed by the 
Beneficiary Instructing Group (subject to certain entrenched rights and reserved matters). See “Intercreditor 
Arrangements” above. 
The DCC STID provides that except with respect to any vote which would have the effect of terminating any 
Standstill (as to which, see “Standstill” below), the DCC Security Trustee will take action only when the 
instructions for or against such matter exceed 50 per cent. of the Qualified DCC Secured Liabilities. In each 
case, the DCC Security Trustee will not be liable to any person in relation to actions taken or not taken by it 
and will not be obliged to take action unless indemnified and/or secured to its satisfaction. 
Entrenched Rights of DCC Secured Creditors 
The rights of a Beneficiary Instructing Group to make decisions as to, inter alia, waivers of DCC Events of 
Default, modifications to DCC Transaction Documents and other issues potentially affecting the rights of one 
or more DCC Secured Creditors are subject to certain entrenched rights of each DCC Secured Creditor. These 
entrenched rights cannot be changed without the consent of the relevant DCC Secured Creditors and include 
any: 
• 
change to their ranking in priority as against other DCC Secured Creditors; 
• 
change to the date fixed for payment of principal or interest under, or reduction in the amount of 
principal or interest payable on any date or any alteration in the method of calculating the amount or 
date of any payment under, any DCC Transaction Document; 
• 
substitution of the principal obligor under any DCC Transaction Document; 
• 
change in the currency of any payment due under a DCC Transaction Document; or 
• 
modification of certain key terms in the DCC Transaction Documents. 
Undertakings of DCC Secured Creditors 
Pursuant to the terms of the DCC STID each DCC Secured Creditor (other than the DCC Security Trustee) 
undertakes that it will not, unless the Beneficiary Instructing Group otherwise agrees: 
• 
permit or require any of DCC, Holdings, Glas Securities and Glas (each an “Obligor”) to discharge 
any of the DCC Secured Liabilities (as defined in the Common Terms Agreement) owed to it save to 
the extent permitted by the Common Terms Agreement and the DCC STID; 
• 
permit or require any Obligor to pay, prepay, redeem, purchase, early or voluntarily terminate or 
otherwise acquire any of the DCC Secured Liabilities owed to it save to the extent permitted by the 
Common Terms Agreement and the DCC STID; 
• 
take, accept or receive the benefit of any security interest, guarantee, indemnity or other assurance 
against financial loss in respect of any of the DCC Secured Liabilities owed to it except the security 
interests under the DCC Security Documents and the Glas Holdings Security Documents; 
• 
take or receive from any of the Obligors by cash receipt, set-off or in any other manner whatsoever, the 
whole or any part of the DCC Secured Liabilities owed to it (save as permitted by the terms of the 
Common Terms Agreement and the DCC STID); or 
• 
subject to agreed exceptions, agree to any amendment of the DCC Transaction Documents to which it 
is a party.

--- Page 109 ---
109 
Undertakings of Obligors 
Pursuant to the terms of the DCC STID, each Obligor has undertaken that it will not, unless the Beneficiary 
Instructing Group otherwise agrees: 
• 
discharge any of the DCC Secured Liabilities save to the extent permitted by the Common Terms 
Agreement and the DCC STID; 
• 
pay, prepay, redeem, purchase, early or voluntarily terminate or otherwise acquire any of the DCC 
Secured Liabilities or Glas Holdings Secured Liabilities owed by it save to the extent permitted by the 
Common Terms Agreement and the DCC STID; 
• 
create or permit to subsist any security interest over any of its assets for, or any guarantee, indemnity 
or other assurance against financial loss in respect of any of the DCC Secured Liabilities owed by it 
except the security interests under or pursuant to the terms of the DCC Security Documents or Glas 
Holdings Security Documents; 
• 
discharge any of the DCC Secured Liabilities or Glas Holdings Secured Liabilities by set-off, any right 
of combination of accounts or otherwise (save as permitted by the terms of the Common Terms 
Agreement and the DCC STID); 
• 
subject to agreed exceptions, agree to any amendment to the DCC Transaction Documents to which it 
is a party; or 
• 
take or omit to take any action whereby any subordination contemplated by the DCC STID may be 
impaired. 
Standstill 
Immediately upon notification to the DCC Security Trustee of the occurrence of a DCC Event of Default 
under the Common Terms Agreement or the occurrence of any deferral of interest in respect of any amount of 
interest payable on each DCC Payment Date in respect of each Term Advance and Revolving Advance (each 
as defined below) (a “Scheduled Interest Amount”) under any advance of the proceeds of Class C Bonds 
under any Intercompany Loan Agreement (each such occurrence a “Standstill Event”), the DCC STID 
provides for an automatic standstill of claims of the DCC Secured Creditors against DCC (the “Standstill”). 
The period of the Standstill (the “Standstill Period”) will be the period from the date of such notification to 
the earlier of (i) except in the case of a Standstill Extension, the date on which a Beneficiary Instructing 
Group comprising more than 66⅔ per cent. of the aggregate BIG Outstanding Principal Amount of the 
Qualified DCC Secured Liabilities elects to terminate the Standstill, (ii) the date on which a petition is 
presented for the special administration of DCC, (iii) the date on which the Standstill Event is remedied or 
waived, (iv) the date on which any acceleration of the Issuer Secured Liabilities occurs, and (v) in the case of 
a Standstill Extension, the date on which the relevant percentage of the aggregate BIG Outstanding Principal 
Amount of the Qualified DCC Secured Liabilities elects to terminate the Standstill. 
During the Standstill Period: 
• 
none of the DCC Secured Creditors will be entitled to accelerate any of the DCC Secured Liabilities or 
direct the DCC Security Trustee to take any steps to recover payment of any DCC Secured Liabilities 
from DCC or to enforce the DCC Security save to the extent permitted by the Common Terms 
Agreement and the DCC STID; 
• 
the Guarantor Security will be enforceable at any time by the DCC Security Trustee at the direction of 
the Beneficiary Instructing Group; and 
• 
the claims of the DCC Secured Creditors will be ranked in accordance with the DCC Standstill Priority 
(see “DCC Cash Management” below).

--- Page 110 ---
110 
In the event that a Standstill Period has not been terminated prior to the date 18 months after the occurrence of 
the Standstill Event, on or before the last day of such 18 month period the Beneficiary Instructing Group will 
vote whether to terminate the Standstill Period. Unless the Beneficiary Instructing Group comprising those 
DCC Secured Creditors holding more than 66⅔ per cent. of the DCC Secured Liabilities determines to 
terminate the Standstill Period, the Standstill Period will be extended (a “Standstill Extension”) for a period 
of two months. On or before the last day of the Standstill Extension a further vote of the Beneficiary 
Instructing Group will be taken, provided that, for the purposes of such further vote (the “Second Standstill 
Vote”), the Beneficiary Instructing Group shall comprise those DCC Secured Creditors holding more than 50 
per cent. of the DCC Secured Liabilities. Unless the Beneficiary Instructing Group determines to terminate 
the Standstill Period at the Second Standstill Vote, a Standstill Extension of another two months will occur. 
On or before the last day of the second Standstill Extension, a third vote (the “Third Standstill Vote”) of the 
Beneficiary Instructing Group will be taken, provided that, for the purposes of such Third Standstill Vote, the 
Beneficiary Instructing Group shall comprise those DCC Secured Creditors holding more than 33⅓ per cent. 
of the DCC Secured Liabilities. Unless the Beneficiary Instructing Group determines to terminate the 
Standstill Period at the Third Standstill Vote, a Standstill Extension of another two months will occur. On or 
before the last day of the third Standstill Extension, a fourth vote (the “Fourth Standstill Vote”) of the 
Beneficiary Instructing Group will be taken, provided that, for the purposes of such Fourth Standstill Vote, the 
Beneficiary Instructing Group shall comprise those DCC Secured Creditors holding more than 10 per cent. of 
the DCC Secured Liabilities. Unless the Beneficiary Instructing Group determines to terminate the Standstill 
Period at the Fourth Standstill Vote, a Standstill Extension of another six months will occur. On or before the 
last day of the Fourth Standstill Extension, a fifth vote (the “Fifth Standstill Vote”) of the Beneficiary 
Instructing Group will be taken, provided that, for the purposes of such Fifth Standstill Vote, the Beneficiary 
Instructing Group shall comprise those DCC Secured Creditors holding more than 5 per cent. of the DCC 
Secured Liabilities. Unless the Beneficiary Instructing Group determines to terminate the Standstill at the 
Fifth Standstill Vote, the Standstill shall continue until the Beneficiary Instructing Group comprising DCC 
Secured Creditors comprising those DCC Secured Creditors holding more than 5 per cent. of the DCC 
Secured Liabilities determines to terminate the Standstill and a vote shall be taken on the expiry of each 
period of two months for so long as the Standstill continues. Accordingly, provided the thresholds above are 
met, the Standstill Period will terminate notwithstanding any votes to the contrary. Following termination of 
the Standstill Period, if a DCC Event of Default is still continuing, any DCC Secured Creditor may accelerate 
its DCC Secured Liabilities, at which point all other DCC Secured Liabilities will automatically accelerate, 
and the enforcement of the DCC Security and the Guarantor Security shall be undertaken by the DCC 
Security Trustee on behalf of the DCC Secured Creditors pursuant to the provisions of the DCC STID. 
Standstill Cash Manager 
Following the occurrence of a Standstill Event and for so long as a Standstill Period subsists, money credited 
to the Debt Service Payment Account will be applied by the Standstill Cash Manager in accordance with the 
DCC Standstill Priority and the Standstill Cash Management Agreement (see “DCC Standstill Priority” 
below). 
Enforcement 
Subject to certain matters and with certain exceptions, following an enforcement, any proceeds of 
enforcement or other monies held by the DCC Security Trustee under the DCC STID will be applied by the 
DCC Security Trustee in accordance with the DCC Post-Enforcement Payments Priorities (see “DCC Cash 
Management” below). 
Accession of Additional DCC Secured Creditors 
The DCC STID requires that, to the extent that DCC wishes any Authorised Lender, further DCC Finance 
Lessor or other person to obtain the benefit of the DCC Security, such Authorised Lender, further DCC 
Finance Lessor or other person must sign an accession memorandum whereby it agrees to be bound by the 
terms of the DCC STID, including those provisions which prohibit individual DCC Secured Creditors from

--- Page 111 ---
111 
taking certain actions against DCC without the consent of the DCC Security Trustee and/or the Beneficiary 
Instructing Group. Such additional DCC Secured Creditor will also be required to accede to the terms of the 
Common Terms Agreement. 
Master Framework Agreement 
Introduction 
The Issuer Security Trustee, for itself and on behalf of the Issuer Secured Creditors, the Cash Manager and 
DCFL, on the Initial Issue Date, entered into a master framework agreement (as amended, the “Master 
Framework Agreement”) in respect of which the Issuer has been substituted in place of DCFL and DCFL 
has ceased to be a party. The Master Framework Agreement sets out the common terms, representations, 
warranties and covenants (positive, negative and financial) (collectively, the “Issuer Common Terms”) 
which, to the extent incorporated, applies to the Trust Deed, the Issuer Deed of Charge, the Liquidity Facility 
Agreements, the Hedging Agreements, the Paying Agency Agreement, the Issuer STID and certain other 
agreements between or in respect of the Issuer and the Issuer Secured Creditors. It also contains the Issuer 
cash management provisions (see “Issuer Cash Management” below). 
Issuer Warranties and Covenants 
The Issuer provides warranties and covenants standard for a special purpose vehicle of its sort issuing debt 
obligations such as the Bonds. The Issuer’s warranties include (i) corporate warranties in respect of its due 
incorporation, solvency and residency and in respect of there being no breaches of its general obligations, no 
litigation involving it or its assets, no outstanding consents required for its business and no involvement in 
business activities other than as permitted by the Issuer Transaction Documents (as defined below); and (ii) 
transaction warranties in respect of the due authorisation and execution of the Issuer Transaction Documents, 
the due issuance of and the status and ranking of the Bonds and the absence of any outstanding consents or 
breaches of its obligations in respect of the Bonds. 
The Issuer’s covenants include (i) corporate covenants to prepare audited financial statements, to conduct its 
business in accordance with applicable law, to obtain all necessary consents and, other than as permitted by or 
pursuant to the Issuer Transaction Documents, not to carry on any business, incur any indebtedness, permit to 
exist or create any security, make any loans, merge or consolidate with any other entity or amend its 
constitutional documents or any of the agreements to which it is party; (ii) transaction covenants to comply 
with all its obligations under the Issuer Transaction Documents, to preserve all its rights thereunder, to 
provide the Issuer Secured Creditors with all necessary information and to notify the relevant parties of any 
Issuer Event of Default or potential Issuer Event of Default; (iii) asset covenants to maintain proper books and 
records in respect of its assets, to protect all its rights in respect thereof and to take all such further actions as 
may be necessary to preserve its assets; and (iv) bond covenants to obtain and maintain the listings of the 
Bonds, to provide all notices under the Conditions (including to the Bondholders, the Paying Agents, the 
Transfer Agents, the Registrar and the Rating Agencies) and to notify the appropriate parties of potential late 
payments or any proposed early redemptions of any of the Bonds. 
Issuer Events of Default 
The Issuer Events of Default are set out in Condition 11(a) in Chapter 7: “Terms and Conditions of the 
Bonds”. 
The Issuer Deed of Charge 
DCFL, on the Initial Issue Date, entered into a deed of charge (the “Initial Issuer Deed of Charge”) with the 
Issuer Security Trustee (for itself and on behalf of the Bond Trustee (for itself and on behalf of the 
Bondholders), the Financial Guarantors, the Liquidity Facility Providers, the Hedge Counterparties, the 
Account Bank, the Authorised Lenders, the Registrar, the Transfer Agents, the Paying Agents, the Agent 
Bank, the Cash Manager, any receiver and any other creditor of the Issuer which accedes to the Issuer STID

--- Page 112 ---
112 
(together the “Issuer Secured Creditors”)). Following a reorganisation in 2019, the Issuer was substituted in 
place of DCFL and the Issuer entered into a deed of charge dated 1 August 2019 (the “Issuer Deed of 
Charge”) with the Issuer Security Trustee on substantially the same terms as the Initial Issuer Deed of 
Charge. 
Pursuant to the Issuer Deed of Charge, the Issuer secured its obligations to the Issuer Secured Creditors by 
granting the following security: 
• 
a first fixed sub-charge of the benefit of the Issuer’s interest in and to the DCC STID; 
• 
a first fixed charge of each investment of the Issuer’s funds in certain eligible investments; 
• 
a first fixed charge of the benefit of the Issuer Accounts and any bank or other accounts in which the 
Issuer may at any time have or acquire any benefit; 
• 
an assignment of the benefit of each Issuer Transaction Document; and 
• 
a first floating charge of the whole of the undertaking, property, assets and rights whatsoever and 
wheresoever present and future of the Issuer, 
such security expressly to exclude all monies constituting the issued share capital of the Issuer not otherwise 
utilised by the Issuer from time to time and the corporate benefits fee of £1,000 payable by DCC to the Issuer 
on the Initial Issue Date. 
The Issuer Deed of Charge, to the extent applicable, incorporates the Issuer Common Terms as set out in the 
Master Framework Agreement. 
The Issuer Security is held on trust by the Issuer Security Trustee for itself and on behalf of the Issuer Secured 
Creditors in accordance with, and subject to, the Issuer Deed of Charge and the Issuer STID. 
Issuer STID 
DCFL, the Issuer Security Trustee, the Bond Trustee (for itself and on behalf of the Bondholders), MBIA 
Assurance S.A., The Royal Bank of Scotland plc and Lloyds TSB Bank plc (the “Initial Liquidity 
Providers”), Citibank, N.A. and NatWest Markets Plc (previously The Royal Bank of Scotland plc) (the 
“Initial Hedge Counterparties”), The Royal Bank of Scotland plc (the “Initial Authorised Lender”), the 
Account Bank, the Principal Paying Agent, the Paying Agent, the Cash Manager, the Agent Bank, the 
Registrar and the Transfer Agent, among others, on the Initial Issue Date, entered into the Issuer STID. 
Following a reorganisation in 2019, the Issuer was substituted in place of DCFL and DCFL ceased to be a 
party to the Issuer STID. Certain additional Issuer Secured Creditors have subsequently acceded or will 
accede to the Issuer STID, including the Current Authorised Lenders and the Initial Financial Guarantor. In 
March 2020, BNP Paribas, Lloyds Bank Corporate Markets plc, HSBC Bank plc and Barclays Bank PLC  
also acceded to the Issuer STID as Hedge Counterparties (together with NatWest Markets Plc, the “Current 
Issuer Hedge Counterparties”). Under the Issuer STID, the Issuer Security Trustee was appointed as trustee 
for the Issuer Secured Creditors and the parties agreed to certain intercreditor arrangements. The composition 
of the Issuer Instructing Group through which instructions will be given to the Issuer Security Trustee in 
respect of, inter alia, the exercise of any rights of the Issuer under the DCC Transaction Documents or the 
enforcement of the DCC Security or the Guarantor Security or the giving of any consent or the making of any 
amendments has been described previously (see “Intercreditor Arrangements” above). 
Entrenched Rights of Issuer Secured Creditors 
The rights of an Issuer Instructing Group to make decisions as to matters potentially affecting the rights of 
one or more Issuer Secured Creditors are subject to certain entrenched rights of each Issuer Secured Creditor. 
The specific entrenched rights of each of the Issuer Secured Creditors are intended to ensure that an Issuer

--- Page 113 ---
113 
Secured Creditor’s consent will be required to any action which would materially adversely affect such Issuer 
Secured Creditor’s rights, including any: 
• 
change to their ranking in priority as against other Issuer Secured Creditors; 
• 
change to the date fixed for payment of principal or interest under, or reduction in the amount of 
principal or interest payable on any date or any alteration in the method of calculating the amount or 
date of any payment under, any Issuer Transaction Document; 
• 
change in the currency of any payment due under an Issuer Transaction Document; 
• 
modification of certain key terms in the Issuer Transaction Documents; or 
• 
modifications causing a rating downgrade below the original ratings of the Bonds (other than the Class 
D Bonds). 
Exercise of Rights by Bond Trustee 
When exercising any rights, powers, trusts, authorities and discretions relating to or contained in the 
Conditions or the Trust Deed (other than in respect of any Entrenched Right or Reserved Matter or Basic 
Terms Modification, or determining the occurrence of an Entrenched Right, Reserved Matter or Basic Terms 
Modification) which affects or relates to any Class A Bonds, the Bond Trustee shall only act with the consent 
of the Issuer Instructing Group (unless the Bond Trustee is the Issuer Instructing Group) or subject to any 
Reserved Matter in accordance with the provisions of the Issuer STID, and the Bond Trustee shall not be 
required to have regard to the interests of the Bondholders in relation to the exercise of such rights, powers, 
trusts, authorities and discretions and shall have no liability to any Bondholders as a consequence of so acting 
(see Condition 16(b) in Chapter 7 “Terms and Conditions of the Bonds”). 
The Initial Financial Guarantor has additional entrenched rights so as to ensure, inter alia, that certain core 
covenants of DCC regarding its business activities and operations and certain key financial ratios contained in 
the Common Terms Agreement cannot be changed or waived without the prior consent of the Initial Financial 
Guarantor. 
Acknowledgement Regarding Issuer Transaction Documents 
Each Issuer Secured Creditor which signed the Issuer STID as at the Initial Issue Date or acceded to it 
thereafter (a) agreed to be bound by the terms of the Issuer STID, including the intercreditor arrangements, 
and (b) was deemed to have knowledge of, and will be bound by, the terms of all the Issuer Transaction 
Documents. 
Actions Requiring Consent 
The consent of the Issuer Security Trustee (acting on instructions from the Issuer Instructing Group) is 
required, inter alia: 
• 
for any modification (i.e., waiver, variation or amendment) of any of the Issuer Transaction 
Documents, or any exercise of any right, power or discretion thereunder (other than modifications of a 
minor or technical nature, or in the circumstances specified below); 
• 
for any release of or impairment to any part of the Issuer Security except as expressly permitted by the 
Issuer Transaction Documents; and 
• 
for any action (including the withdrawal of most sums from any of the Issuer Accounts) following an 
event of default under the Issuer Transaction Documents which remains unremedied and unwaived. 
Subject to the terms of the Issuer STID, the Issuer Security Trustee shall be required to consent to:  
• 
any modification to certain Issuer Transaction Documents (other than the Issuer STID, Issuer Deed of 
Charge, Master Framework Agreement and Issuer Account Bank Agreement) in respect of which the

--- Page 114 ---
114 
Issuer has certified to the Issuer Security Trustee that the requisite consents of parties to the relevant 
Issuer Transaction Document have been obtained and that any indebtedness outstanding under such 
Issuer Transaction Document would be permitted to be incurred by the Issuer as new indebtedness 
pursuant to the Master Framework Agreement; and  
• 
any modification of an Intercompany Loan Agreement or Hedging Agreement if necessary to align 
with the external instruments in respect of which such Intercompany Loan Agreement or Hedging 
Agreement was entered into. 
Accession of Additional Issuer Secured Creditors 
The Issuer Deed of Charge and the Issuer STID require that, to the extent that the Issuer wishes any additional 
creditor to obtain the benefit of the Issuer Security, such creditor must sign an accession memorandum 
whereby it (a) agrees to be bound by the terms of the Issuer STID, including the intercreditor arrangements, 
and (b) will be deemed to have knowledge of, and will be bound by, the terms of all the Issuer Transaction 
Documents. 
If the Issuer wishes to raise additional financing through the issue of further Bonds under the Programme or 
through Authorised Loan Facilities or otherwise, it may only do so provided that the DCC financial covenants 
set out in the Common Terms Agreement (see “Common Terms Agreement” above) are not breached as a 
result of the Issuer making a corresponding advance under an Intercompany Loan Agreement with the 
proceeds of such additional financing. 
Financial Guarantor Documents 
The Financial Guarantees 
On the Initial Issue Date, MBIA Assurance S.A. issued in favour of the Bond Trustee (for itself and on behalf 
of the relevant Class A Bondholders) a Financial Guarantee for each Sub-Class of the Class A Bonds issued 
on the Initial Issue Date in respect of scheduled interest (other than any Subordinated Coupon Amounts) and 
principal (other than any accelerated amounts) on the relevant Sub-Class of Class A Bonds. A decision of the 
Comité des Entreprises d’Assurance (the French insurance regulator) on 27 December 2007 approved the 
transfer of the business of MBIA Assurance S.A. to MBIA UK Insurance Limited with effect from 28 
December 2007 pursuant to article L.324-1 of the French Insurance Code; MBIA UK Insurance Limited, 
therefore, assumed all rights and obligations of MBIA Assurance S.A. under the Transaction Documents as if 
it were the Financial Guarantor of the Class A Bonds issued on the Initial Issue Date.  
On the Fourth Issue Date, MBIA UK Insurance Limited issued in favour of the Bond Trustee (for itself and on 
behalf of the relevant Class A Bondholders) a financial guarantee in respect of the issue of Class A6 Bonds 
issued under the Programme on the Fourth Issue Date. On 10 January 2017, Assured Guaranty Corp. acquired 
the entire issued share capital of MBIA UK Insurance Limited, following which the registered name of MBIA 
UK Insurance Limited was subsequently changed to Assured Guaranty (London) Plc. On 7 November 2018, 
AGLN transferred its insurance portfolio to, and merged with and into AGE. To the extent that Assured 
Guaranty or any other Financial Guarantors issue Financial Guarantees in respect of any further Series of 
Class A Bonds, such Financial Guarantees are expected to be issued by such Financial Guarantor(s) on terms 
substantially similar thereto. 
Upon an early redemption of the relevant Class A Bonds or an acceleration of the relevant Class A Bonds, the 
relevant Financial Guarantor’s obligations will continue to be to pay the Insured Amounts or Guaranteed 
Amounts (as applicable) as they fall Due for Payment (as defined in the relevant Financial Guarantees) on 
each Issuer Payment Date. A Financial Guarantor will not be obliged under any circumstances to accelerate 
payment under its Financial Guarantees. However, if it does so, it may do so in its absolute discretion in 
whole or in part, but only after an acceleration of the Bonds, and the amount payable by it will be the 
outstanding principal amount (or pro rata amount that has become due and payable) of the relevant Class A 
Bonds together with accrued interest. Any amounts due in excess of such outstanding principal amount (and

--- Page 115 ---
115 
any accrued interest thereon) and any Subordinated Coupon Amounts will not be guaranteed by any Financial 
Guarantor under any of the Financial Guarantees. 
The Bond Trustee as party to the Financial Guarantees issued by Assured Guaranty (originally by MBIA 
Assurance S.A. on the Initial Issue Date and by MBIA UK Insurance Limited on the Fourth Issue Date) has 
the right to enforce the terms of such Financial Guarantees, and any right of any other person to do so is 
expressly excluded.  
Guarantee and Reimbursement Agreements 
On the Initial Issue Date DCFL entered into an insurance and indemnification agreement with the Initial 
Financial Guarantor. Pursuant to the Transfer, MBIA UK Insurance Limited (now Assured Guaranty, as 
described above) assumed all rights and obligations of MBIA Assurance S.A. under the Transaction 
Documents as if it were the Financial Guarantor of the Class A Bonds issued on the Initial Issue Date. On the 
Fourth Issue Date, DCFL entered into a guarantee and reimbursement agreement (a “G&R Agreement”, 
previously known as an insurance and indemnification agreement) with MBIA UK Insurance Limited (now 
Assured Guaranty, as described above). In respect of the insurance and indemnification agreement and the 
G&R Agreement historically entered into by DCFL, the Issuer has been substituted in place of DCFL and 
DCFL ceased to be a party. 
On each relevant Issue Date in respect of Class A Bonds after the date of this Prospectus, the Issuer will enter 
into other G&R Agreements with a Financial Guarantor, pursuant to which the Issuer is or will be obliged, 
inter alia, to reimburse such Financial Guarantor in respect of the payments made by it under the relevant 
Financial Guarantee and to pay any reasonable fees and expenses of such Financial Guarantor in respect of 
the provision of the relevant Financial Guarantee. Insofar as a Financial Guarantor makes payment under the 
relevant Financial Guarantee in respect of Insured Amounts or Guaranteed Amounts (as applicable and as 
defined in such Financial Guarantee), it will be subrogated to the present and future rights of the relevant 
Class A Bondholders against the Issuer in respect of any payments made.

--- Page 116 ---
116 
DCC CASH MANAGEMENT 
In this section: 
any reference to a “month” is a reference to an accounting month of DCC; 
“Additional Amounts” means an amount which is equal to the difference between the interest accrued under 
the relevant Liquidity Facility Agreement on the Standby Drawings (as defined in “Additional Resources 
Available”) and the amount earned by way of investment of the amount representing such Standby Drawing; 
“New Money Advance” means any drawing during a Standstill under the Tranche R1 or Tranche R2 of any 
Intercompany Loan Agreement or any Authorised Loan Agreement provided to DCC which is not made (or to 
the extent not made) for the purpose of refinancing a maturing R1 Advance or R2 Advance or refinancing a 
drawing under such Authorised Loan Agreement; 
“Relevant Series Proportion” means the proportion represented by the fraction the numerator of which is the 
Principal Amount Outstanding of all Bonds issued under the relevant Series and the denominator of which is 
the Principal Amount Outstanding of all Bonds issued under all Series; 
“R Advances” means, together, each advance under Tranche R1 and each advance under Tranche R2; 
“Revolving Advance” means each advance under a revolving credit facility under an Intercompany Loan 
Agreement; 
“Revolving Tranche” means, together, Tranche L and the R Tranches; 
“Subordinated Authorised Loan Amounts” means, in relation to any Authorised Loan Agreement, the 
aggregate of any amounts payable by the Issuer to such Authorised Lender in respect of its obligation to gross 
up any payments made by it in respect of such Authorised Loan Agreement or to make any payment of 
increased costs to such Authorised Lender; 
“Subordinated Commissions” means: 
• 
in respect of any R Tranche, any amounts by which the commitment commissions on the undrawn 
portion of such R Tranche exceed the initial commitment commissions on the undrawn portion of such 
R Tranche as at the date on which the R Tranche was first made available; and 
• 
in respect of any Class R Bonds, any amounts by which the underwriting commissions on the Class R 
Bonds exceed the initial underwriting commissions on the Class R Bonds as at the date on which the 
Class R Bonds were first issued; 
“Subordinated Coupon Amounts” means, in respect of any Sub-Class of Bonds, any amounts (other than 
deferred interest) by which the Coupon on such Sub-Class exceeds the initial Coupon on such Sub-Class of 
Bonds as at the date on which such Sub-Class of Bonds was issued; 
“Subordinated Interest” means, in respect of any Term Advances or Revolving Advances under any 
Intercompany Loan Agreement, any amounts by which the applicable margin on such Term Advances or 
Revolving Advances exceed the initial applicable margin on such Term Advances or Revolving Advances as 
at the date that such Intercompany Loan Agreement was first entered into; 
“Subordinated Liquidity Facility Amounts” has the meaning given to it in the section below entitled “The 
Liquidity Facilities”; 
“Tranche A” or “Tranche A Facility” means a tranche of a term facility under an Intercompany Loan 
Agreement corresponding to a Sub-Class of Class A Bonds;  
“Tranche A Advance” means an advance under a Tranche A Facility;

--- Page 117 ---
117 
“Tranche B” or “Tranche B Facility” means a tranche of a term facility under an Intercompany Loan 
Agreement corresponding to a Sub-Class of Class B Bonds;  
“Tranche B Advance” means an advance under a Tranche B Facility; 
“Tranche C” or “Tranche C Facility” means a tranche of a term facility under an Intercompany Loan 
Agreement corresponding to a Sub-Class of Class C Bonds;  
“Tranche C Advance” means an advance under a Tranche C Facility; 
“Tranche D” or “Tranche D Facility” means a tranche of a term facility under an Intercompany Loan 
Agreement corresponding to a Sub-Class of Class D Bonds;  
“Tranche D Advance” means an advance under a Tranche D Facility; 
“Tranche L” or “Tranche L Facility” means a tranche of a term facility under an Intercompany Loan 
Agreement corresponding to an advance under a Liquidity Facility;  
“Tranche L Advance” or “L Advance” means an advance under a Tranche L Facility; 
“Tranche R” means, together, Tranche R1 and Tranche R2; 
“Tranche R1” or “Tranche R1 Facility” means a tranche of a revolving credit facility corresponding to a 
Sub-Class of Class R1 Bonds; and 
“Tranche R2” or “Tranche R2 Facility” means a tranche of a revolving credit facility corresponding to a 
Sub-Class of Class R2 Bonds. 
DCC’s Accounts and Ledgers 
DCC has the following bank accounts with the Account Bank: a receipts account (the “Receipts Account”); a 
payments account (the “Payments Account”); a debt service payment account (the “Debt Service Payment 
Account”); a reserves account (the “Reserves Account”); a customer payments account (the “Customer 
Payments Account”); and a rejected direct debits account (the “RDD Account”). DCC may not establish any 
further bank accounts unless it has first met certain conditions in respect thereof, which are set out in the 
Common Terms Agreement (including that such further accounts are (a) required for the operation of DCC’s 
Permitted Business or to make authorised investments in certain circumstances, (b) the subject of a first fixed 
security under the DCC Deed of Charge (including, if required, by the entry into by DCC of any document 
specified by the DCC Security Trustee pursuant to the terms of the DCC Deed of Charge) and (c) are opened 
and maintained with a bank that has the Requisite Ratings), provided that, in respect of any further accounts 
required, the provider of any such account has been sent notice of, and has acknowledged, the security 
referred to in (b) above and has effectively waived any right to set-off or combination it may have in 
connection with such account. These accounts include foreign currency accounts for the purpose of clearing 
payments to suppliers in foreign currencies, and a treasury account for pooling certain credit balances for cash 
management purposes. 
The Receipts Account, the Payments Account, the Debt Service Payment Account, the Reserves Account, the 
Customer Payments Account, the RDD Account and each other permitted bank account of DCC from time to 
time are collectively referred to as “DCC’s Accounts”. DCC’s Accounts are held with the Account Bank 
pursuant to an account agreement (the “DCC Account Bank Agreement”) dated on the Initial Issue Date 
(and as subsequently amended from time to time) between DCC, the Account Bank and the DCC Security 
Trustee. 
Receipts Account 
Under the Common Terms Agreement, DCC covenants in favour of the DCC Security Trustee that all of 
DCC’s revenues will be paid directly into the Receipts Account or be directed to be paid into the Payments 
Account. Monies credited from time to time to the Receipts Account are transferred periodically at the

--- Page 118 ---
118 
discretion of DCC to the Payments Account or to the RDD Account (as described below) but not otherwise. 
On any Business Day (as defined in the Common Terms Agreement) DCC may direct that an amount equal to 
the aggregate amount of rejected direct debits from customers for any period as determined by DCC may be 
transferred from the Receipts Account to the RDD Account. 
Payments Account 
The Payments Account is the current account of DCC through which all sterling denominated operating and 
capital expenditure of DCC is cleared. Operating expenditure is funded by cash transfers from the Receipts 
Account and through drawings, as and when required, under an overdraft facility in the amount of 
£10,000,000 provided by the National Westminster Bank plc (the “Overdraft Bank”) before the Initial Issue 
Date (the “Overdraft Facility”) and, if applicable, drawings under the Tranche R2 Facility or a DCC 
Authorised Loan Facility. Capital expenditure is funded from available cashflow and cash transfers made 
during the course of each month from the Reserves Account.  
Under the Common Terms Agreement, DCC covenants in favour of the DCC Security Trustee that in the 
period from the opening of business two Business Days before and the closing of business two Business Days 
after the first Business Day of each month an amount equal to 1/12th of DCC’s Annual Finance Charge for the 
time being will be transferred from the Payments Account to the Debt Service Payment Account and credited 
to the Debt Service Ledger. 
DCC’s “Annual Finance Charge” is required to be calculated by DCC on 1 April of each year (or, if such 
day is not a Business Day, the immediately preceding Business Day) to be the sum of the following payments 
scheduled (or, where uncertain, estimated by DCC in good faith) to fall due and payable in the twelve month 
period commencing on 1 April of that year and ending on 31 March of the following year (each such period, a 
“Relevant Year”): 
(i) 
the aggregate amount of interest due on each outstanding Advance under the Intercompany Loan 
Agreements; 
(ii) 
the aggregate amount of rental payments due to the DCC Finance Lessors under the DCC Finance 
Leases inclusive of any VAT (after (a) deducting any amount representing a repayment of capital under 
the DCC Finance Leases and any estimated rental rebates (inclusive of any VAT) and (b) adding back 
any further rentals due (inclusive of any VAT), in each case, as determined by DCC in good faith); 
(iii) 
the aggregate amount of fees and commissions due to the Issuer under each Intercompany Loan 
Agreement; and 
(iv) 
the aggregate amount of interest, fees and commissions due during the Relevant Year under any 
Authorised Loan Agreement provided to DCC. 
DCC’s Annual Finance Charge is required to be adjusted during the course of a Relevant Year, upwards or 
downwards, as appropriate, to ensure that the annual amount reserved for within the Debt Service Payment 
Account will always be sufficient to meet in full the liabilities described above in any Relevant Year if, for 
any reason, any of those liabilities are modified (including as a result of any deferral) pursuant to, and as 
permitted by, the terms of the DCC Transaction Documents. 
DCC’s Annual Finance Charge is required to additionally be increased to cover the aggregate amount of 
interest due to the Issuer in respect of any Revolving Advances made during a Relevant Year and to any 
Authorised Lender in respect of any drawings made by DCC under any Authorised Loan Agreement during a 
Relevant Year.

--- Page 119 ---
119 
Reserves Account 
No monies may be withdrawn from the Reserves Account except for the purpose of any transfer to the 
Payments Account on account of DCC’s forecast capital expenditure for the month in which such transfer 
occurs. Except for reconciliation payments made pursuant to the arrangements referred to below, in no 
circumstances shall DCC transfer in any month any monies from the Reserves Account to the Payments 
Account in excess of DCC’s forecast capital expenditure for that month. 
By no later than the last Business Day of each month DCC is required to reconcile, by reference to the 
management accounts prepared for the preceding month, the actual amount of capital expenditure incurred in 
the preceding month against the aggregate amount transferred during the preceding month from the Reserves 
Account on account of forecast capital expenditure for such preceding month. In the event that actual capital 
expenditure incurred in any preceding month exceeded the amount transferred on account of forecast capital 
expenditure, the amount required to be transferred to the Payments Account in respect of forecast capital 
expenditure for the month following the month in which such management accounts have been prepared shall 
be increased by the amount of such excess less any amounts arising from DCC’s operating cashflows applied 
in payment of such actual capital expenditure. In the event that actual capital expenditure incurred was less 
than the amount transferred on account of forecast capital expenditure, an amount equal to the difference shall 
be transferred forthwith from the Payments Account to the Reserves Account or, alternatively, at DCC’s 
discretion, netted against amounts required to be transferred from the Reserves Account to the Payments 
Account on account of forecast capital expenditure in the month following the month in which such 
management accounts have been prepared. 
DCC is not required to maintain any minimum credit balance on the Reserves Account. However, it may be a 
condition precedent to the making of any further Term Advances under any further Intercompany Loan 
Agreement that DCC pays into the Reserves Account a specified portion of such further Term Advances. 
Furthermore, DCC covenants in favour of the DCC Security Trustee in the Common Terms Agreement that on 
each Calculation Date the aggregate of (a) the amount credited to the Reserves Account and (b) the aggregate 
undrawn commitment under the Tranche R2 Facility under the Intercompany Loan Agreements and any 
replacement or supplemental facility provided for capital expenditure will be at least equal to the Net Capex 
Requirement for the following twelve months. 
Debt Service Payment Account 
DCC maintains in its books two ledgers in respect of the Debt Service Payment Account (respectively the 
“Debt Service Ledger” and the “Insurance Proceeds Ledger”). 
Debt Service Ledger 
Prior to the occurrence of a Standstill, monies credited to the Debt Service Ledger shall be applied by DCC 
only for the purpose of making the following payments (“DCC Payments”) as and when the same fall due for 
payment: 
• 
to the Issuer, in or towards satisfaction of any scheduled fees and interest due under each Tranche of 
each Intercompany Loan Agreement; 
• 
to the DCC Security Trustee, in or towards satisfaction of any scheduled fees due to the DCC Security 
Trustee under the terms of the DCC STID; 
• 
to the Standstill Cash Manager, in or towards satisfaction of any scheduled fees due to the Standstill 
Cash Manager; 
• 
to the DCC Finance Lessors, in or towards satisfaction of any scheduled rental payments (inclusive of 
VAT) due to the DCC Finance Lessors under the DCC Finance Leases (except for any capital 
repayments); and

--- Page 120 ---
120 
• 
to any DCC Hedge Counterparty under any Permitted Treasury Transaction, in or towards satisfaction 
of any scheduled sums due to such DCC Hedge Counterparty under such Permitted Treasury 
Transaction. 
Interest charges under the Overdraft Facility and repayment of the principal debit balance under the Overdraft 
Facility will be paid as and when the same fall due and payable out of sums paid into the Payments Account 
from the Receipts Account and/or the Customer Payments Account for the purpose of meeting operating 
expenditure. 
For so long as a Standstill Event has not occurred, DCC shall, on the date which is five Business Days prior to 
each DCC Payment Date, determine whether the aggregate amount of monies then credited is at least equal to 
the DCC Payments falling to be paid on such DCC Payment Date. If there is an insufficiency of funds, then 
DCC shall promptly request from the Issuer the making of a Tranche L advance in an amount equal to the 
shortfall, such amount to be paid to DCC no later than the relevant DCC Payment Date. 
Insurance Proceeds Ledger 
Prior to an Acceleration of Liabilities DCC is required to direct that all insurance proceeds are paid directly 
into the insurance proceeds ledger. Monies credited to the insurance proceeds ledger are applied in payment 
for repair or reinstatement of the relevant equipment.  
Customer Payments Account 
DCC maintains in its books two ledgers in respect of the Customer Payments Accounts (respectively, the 
“General Ledger” and the “Customer Rebate Ledger”). 
DCC may from time to time transfer Available Monies from the Payments Account to the Customer Payments 
Account for the credit of the General Ledger provided that: 
• 
the backward-looking and forward-looking ICR is greater than or equal to 2.0:1; and 
• 
the RAR is less than or equal to 0.85:1. 
“Available Monies” means the amount credited to the Payments Account as at the close of business on the 
last Business Day of each month after deducting the amount transferred or to be transferred to the Debt 
Service Payment Account in the period from the opening of business two Business Days before and the 
closing of business two Business Days after the first Business Day of the next following month in accordance 
with paragraph 2.5 of Schedule 10 (Cash Management). 
Rebates to customers may only be granted to the extent of monies credited to the General Ledger subject 
always to satisfaction of the conditions for the making of a Restricted Payment as set out in the Common 
Terms Agreement and provided further that the Customer Rebate Ledger is then credited with an amount 
equal to the aggregate amount of the relevant rebate. An amount equal to 1/12th of the aggregate amount of 
rebates declared by DCC in respect of any Relevant Year shall be transferred from the Customer Payments 
Account to the Payments Account each month during the Relevant Year in which such rebate is to apply. 
Monies credited to the Customer Payments Account constitute the only source of funds available to DCC to 
make Restricted Payments. 
DCC is entitled to invest monies credited to DCC’s Accounts in certain eligible investments and may for cash 
management purposes pool credit balances on all of DCC’s Accounts (excluding the Debt Service Payment 
Account) through a separate investment account. 
The cash management arrangements described above continue to apply until the occurrence of a Standstill 
Event. In the event of a Standstill occurring and during the period it is continuing, the arrangements described 
above shall be modified as follows:

--- Page 121 ---
121 
• 
DCC’s Annual Finance Charge shall be adjusted upwards to include the cost of any Tranche L 
Advances made under any Intercompany Loan Agreement; 
• 
an amount equal to the aggregate sum credited to the Customer Payments Account shall be forthwith 
transferred to the Debt Service Payment Account; and 
• 
the claims (“Claims”) of the DCC Security Trustee, the Account Bank, the Standstill Cash Manager, 
the Issuer, the DCC Finance Lessors, each Authorised Lender, the Current DCC Hedge Counterparties, 
each other party that enters a DCC Hedge Document, as defined in the DCC STID (each a “DCC 
Hedge Counterparty”), any receiver of the Guarantors and any other creditor of DCC which accedes 
to the DCC STID (together the “Standstill Creditors”) against DCC in respect of each Relevant Year 
shall be ranked in point of priority strictly in accordance with the order of priority as set out 
immediately below under the heading “DCC Standstill Priority”. 
DCC Standstill Priority 
The priority of payments during a Standstill (the “DCC Standstill Priority”) is as follows: 
(i) 
first, pro rata according to the respective amounts thereof, (a) the DCC Security Trustee in respect of 
the fees or other remuneration and indemnity payments (if any) payable to the DCC Security Trustee in 
respect of such Relevant Year and any costs, charges, liabilities and expenses incurred by the DCC 
Security Trustee under the DCC STID, the DCC Security Documents and the Glas Holdings Security 
Documents; and (b) any receiver of any Guarantor appointed under the DCC Security Documents and 
the Glas Holdings Security Documents in respect of the fees or other remuneration and indemnity 
payments (if any) payable to such receiver in respect of such Relevant Year (such claims of the DCC 
Security Trustee and any receiver (and any such claims arising on any acceleration of liabilities against 
DCC under the DCC STID), a “Tier 1 Claim”); 
(ii) 
second, pro rata according to the respective amounts thereof, (a) the Issuer in respect of scheduled fees 
(other than commitment fees under Tranche R) due in respect of such Relevant Year under the 
Intercompany Loan Agreements and indemnity payments (if any) payable to the Issuer (in relation to 
any costs, charges, liabilities and expenses incurred by the Bond Trustee or the Issuer Security Trustee 
under the Issuer Transaction Documents in respect of such Relevant Year) under the Intercompany 
Loan Agreements and (b) the Standstill Cash Manager in respect of fees or remuneration due to the 
Standstill Cash Manager and (c) each Authorised Lender in respect of fees, costs and expenses (other 
than interest) due in respect of such Relevant Year under the relevant Authorised Loan Facility (such 
claims of the Issuer, the Standstill Cash Manager and the Authorised Lenders (and any such claims 
arising on any acceleration of liabilities against DCC under the DCC STID), a “Tier 2 Claim”); 
(iii) 
third, pro rata according to the respective amounts thereof: 
(a) 
the Issuer in respect of: 
(1) 
any Additional Amounts due in respect of such Relevant Year under the Intercompany 
Loan Agreements and any interest due in respect of the Relevant Year under any Tranche 
L Advances; and 
(2) 
any interest and principal due in respect of such Relevant Year under any New Money 
Advances; and 
(b) 
each Authorised Lender in respect of any interest and principal due in respect of such Relevant 
Year under any New Money Advances, 
(such claims of the Issuer and such Authorised Lender (and any such claims arising on any 
acceleration of liabilities against DCC under the DCC STID), a “Tier 3 Claim”);

--- Page 122 ---
122 
(iv) 
fourth, pro rata according to the respective amounts thereof: 
(a) 
each DCC Hedge Counterparty under a Permitted Treasury Transaction, in respect of payments 
to be made or any other sums due and payable in such Relevant Year under any interest rate 
hedging agreement (excluding any termination payment arising as a result of a default by such 
DCC Hedge Counterparty); 
(b) 
the Issuer in respect of: 
(1) 
interest due on any Tranche A Advances in respect of such Relevant Year (excluding any 
Subordinated Interest); 
(2) 
interest due on any Tranche B Advances in respect of such Relevant Year (excluding any 
Subordinated Interest); 
(3) 
interest due on any Revolving Advances in respect of such Relevant Year (excluding any 
Subordinated Interest and under any Tranche L Advances); and 
(4) 
commitment fees on the R Advances in respect of such Relevant Year (excluding any 
Subordinated Commissions); 
(c) 
each DCC Finance Lessor in respect of payments due in respect of such Relevant Year under 
the DCC Finance Leases (excluding any capital repayments or indemnity payments); and 
(d) 
each Authorised Lender in respect of interest due on any advances (other than any New Money 
Advances) under the Authorised Loan Facility in respect of the Relevant Year; 
(such claims of each DCC Hedge Counterparty, the Issuer, each DCC Finance Lessor and each 
Authorised Lender (and any such claims arising on any acceleration of liabilities against DCC under 
the DCC STID), a “Tier 4 Claim”); 
(v) 
fifth, pro rata according to the respective amounts thereof: 
(a) 
to the Issuer in respect of: 
(1) 
any principal repayment on any Tranche A Advances in respect of such Relevant Year; 
(2) 
any principal repayment on any Tranche B Advances in respect of such Relevant Year; 
and 
(3) 
any principal repayment on any Revolving Advances in respect of such Relevant Year 
(excluding, for this purpose, any principal repayment to be applied by the Issuer in 
making a further Tranche R Advance); 
(b) 
to each DCC Finance Lessor, in respect of any capital repayment due in respect of such 
Relevant Year under the relevant DCC Finance Lease; 
(c) 
to each Authorised Lender in respect of any principal repayment on any advances under the 
relevant Authorised Loan Facility in respect of such Relevant Year; 
(such claims of the Issuer and each DCC Finance Lessor and each Authorised Lender (and any such 
claims arising on any acceleration of liabilities against DCC under the DCC STID), a “Tier 5 Claim”); 
(vi) 
sixth, the Issuer in respect of interest due in respect of such Relevant Year under the Tranche C 
Advances (such claims of the Issuer (and any such claims arising on any acceleration of liabilities 
against DCC under the DCC STID), a “Tier 6 Claim”); 
(vii) 
seventh, the Issuer in respect of any principal repayments due in respect of such Relevant Year under 
the Tranche C Advances (such claims of the Issuer (and any such claims arising on any acceleration of 
liabilities against DCC under the DCC STID), a “Tier 7 Claim”);

--- Page 123 ---
123 
(viii) eighth, the Issuer in respect of interest due in respect of the Relevant Year under the Tranche D 
Advances (such claims of the Issuer (and any such claims arising on any acceleration of liabilities 
against DCC under the DCC STID), a “Tier 8 Claim”); 
(ix) 
ninth, the Issuer in respect of any principal repayments due in respect of such Relevant Year under the 
Tranche D Advances (such claims of the Issuer (and any such claims arising on any acceleration of 
liabilities against DCC under the DCC STID), a “Tier 9 Claim”); 
(x) 
tenth, pro rata according to the respective amounts thereof: 
(a) 
the DCC Finance Lessors in respect of any other amounts due to them under the DCC Finance 
Leases in respect of such Relevant Year; 
(b) 
the Issuer in respect of any other sums due to the Issuer in respect of such Relevant Year 
(excluding Subordinated Interest); 
(c) 
each Authorised Lender in respect of any other sums due in respect of such Relevant Year to 
such Authorised Lender; and 
(d) 
each DCC Hedge Counterparty under a Permitted Treasury Transaction in respect of any 
termination payment due to such DCC Hedge Counterparty arising as a result of a default by 
such DCC Hedge Counterparty, 
(such claims of the DCC Finance Lessors, the Issuer, each Authorised Lender and each DCC Hedge 
Counterparty (and any such claims arising on any acceleration of liabilities against DCC under the 
DCC STID), a “Tier 10 Claim”); 
(xi) 
eleventh, to WPD Realisations (Cayman) Limited, in respect of any sums due in respect of such 
Relevant Year from DCC under a contract of differences, which was entered into on 3 April 2001 and 
has subsequently expired, with no payment obligations remaining (such claims of WPD Realisations 
(Cayman) Limited (and any such claims arising on any acceleration of liabilities against DCC under 
the DCC STID), a “Tier 11 Claim”)1; 
(xii) 
twelfth, to the Issuer in respect of any Subordinated Interest due in respect of such Relevant Year under 
any Tranche A Advances, Tranche B Advances and Tranche R Advances pro rata to the respective 
amounts thereof (such claims of the Issuer (and any such claims arising on any acceleration of 
liabilities against DCC under the DCC STID), a “Tier 12 Claim”);  
(xiii) thirteenth, to the Issuer in respect of any Subordinated Interest due in respect of such Relevant Year 
under any Tranche C Advance (such claims of the Issuer (and any such claims arising on any 
acceleration of liabilities against DCC under the DCC STID), a “Tier 13 Claim”);  
(xiv) fourteenth, to the Issuer in respect of any Subordinated Interest due in respect of such Relevant Year 
under any Tranche D Advance (such claims of the Issuer (and any such claims arising on any 
acceleration of liabilities against DCC under the DCC STID), a “Tier 14 Claim”); and  
(xv) 
fifteenth, the surplus (if any) to DCC or any other person entitled thereto. 
To the extent there arises any requirement to gross up any payment under the Intercompany Loan Agreements 
or Authorised Loan Facilities made available to DCC, the payment in respect of such requirement will rank 
pari passu with the primary payment obligation which gave rise thereto. 
Upon the occurrence of the Standstill, the Standstill Cash Manager on behalf of the DCC Security Trustee 
shall open and maintain the following ledgers (“Standstill Ledgers”) in respect of the Debt Service Payment 
Account: 
                                                          
1 
Note: WPD Realisations (Cayman) Limited was liquidated on 31 December 2012.

--- Page 124 ---
124 
(i) 
a ledger (“Tier 1 Ledger”) in respect of Tier 1 Claims which shall be divided into separate sub-ledgers 
for each person holding a Tier 1 Claim (such person a “Tier 1 Creditor”); 
(ii) 
a ledger (“Tier 2 Ledger”) which shall be divided into separate sub-ledgers (“Tier 2 Sub-Ledgers”) 
for each person holding a Tier 2 Claim (such person a “Tier 2 Creditor”); 
(iii) 
a ledger (“Tier 3 Ledger”) which shall be divided into separate sub-ledgers (“Tier 3 Sub-Ledgers”) 
for each person holding a Tier 3 Claim (such person a “Tier 3 Creditor”) and, in the case of the Issuer, 
shall be further divided into sub-sub ledgers (“Tier 3 Sub-Sub Ledgers”) in respect of each separate 
Tier 3 Claim of the Issuer;  
(iv) 
a ledger (“Tier 4 Ledger”) which shall be divided into separate sub-ledgers (“Tier 4 Sub-Ledgers”) 
for each person holding a Tier 4 Claim (such person a “Tier 4 Creditor”) and, in the case of the Issuer, 
shall be further divided into further sub-sub ledgers (“Tier 4 Sub-Sub Ledgers”) in respect of each 
separate Tier 4 Claim of the Issuer; 
(v) 
a ledger (“Tier 5 Ledger”) which shall be divided into separate sub-ledgers (“Tier 5 Sub-Ledgers”) 
for each person holding a Tier 5 Claim (such person a “Tier 5 Creditor”) and, in the case of the Issuer, 
shall be further divided into further sub-sub ledgers (“Tier 5 Sub-Sub Ledgers”) in respect of each 
separate Tier 5 Claim of the Issuer; 
(vi) 
a ledger (“Tier 6 Ledger”) in respect of the Issuer’s Tier 6 Claim; 
(vii) 
a ledger (“Tier 7 Ledger”) in respect of the Issuer’s Tier 7 Claim; 
(viii) a ledger (“Tier 8 Ledger”) in respect of the Issuer’s Tier 8 Claim; 
(ix) 
a ledger (“Tier 9 Ledger”) in respect of the Issuer’s Tier 9 Claim; 
(x) 
a ledger (“Tier 10 Ledger”) which shall be divided into separate sub-ledgers (“Tier 10 Sub-
Ledgers”) for each person holding a Tier 10 Claim (such person a “Tier 10 Creditor”); 
(xi) 
a ledger (“Tier 11 Ledger”) in respect of WPD Realisations (Cayman) Limited’s Tier 11 Claim; 
(xii) 
a ledger (“Tier 12 Ledger”) which shall be sub-divided into separate sub-ledgers (“Tier 12 Sub-
Ledgers”) in respect of each separate Tier 12 Claim of the Issuer; 
(xiii) a ledger (“Tier 13 Ledger”) in respect of the Issuer’s Tier 13 Claim; and 
(xiv) a ledger (“Tier 14 Ledger”) in respect of the Issuer’s Tier 14 Claim. 
Subject to the entrenched rights of the Issuer Security Trustee and the other Issuer Secured Creditors 
(including the Bond Trustee), the terms of the DCC Standstill Priority may change if the Issuer issues a 
further Series of Bonds or enters into further Authorised Loan Facilities the proceeds of which are then 
advanced to DCC. 
Promptly following the occurrence of a Standstill, each Standstill Creditor will notify the Standstill Cash 
Manager and the DCC Security Trustee of the amount of each of its individual tiered claims against DCC 
(adjusted subsequently, if appropriate) for the remainder of the Relevant Year during which the Standstill has 
occurred. Promptly following receipt of such notifications from each of the Standstill Creditors, the Standstill 
Cash Manager on behalf of the DCC Security Trustee shall notionally apply the balance then credited to the 
Debt Service Payment Account in accordance with the DCC Standstill Priority and (without double counting) 
credit each Standstill Ledger, Sub-Ledger and Sub-Sub Ledger with the amount, if any, credited to such 
Standstill Ledger, Sub-Ledger and Sub-Sub Ledger as a result of such notional application. 
All monies credited on a monthly basis to the Debt Service Payment Account during the remainder of the 
Relevant Year shall be notionally applied by the Standstill Cash Manager on behalf of the DCC Security 
Trustee in accordance with the DCC Standstill Priority and each Standstill Ledger, Sub-Ledger and Sub-Sub 
Ledger shall be credited by the Standstill Cash Manager on behalf of the DCC Security Trustee (without

--- Page 125 ---
125 
double counting) with the amount, if any, credited to such Standstill Ledger, Sub-Ledger and Sub-Sub Ledger 
as a result of such notional application. 
Each Standstill Creditor shall notify the Standstill Cash Manager and the DCC Security Trustee of the amount 
of each of its individual tiered claims against DCC for each Relevant Year during which the Standstill 
continues promptly upon the commencement of such Relevant Year and all monies credited each month to the 
Debt Service Payment Account during such Relevant Year shall continue to be notionally applied in 
accordance with the DCC Standstill Priority. 
No amounts may be withdrawn from the Debt Service Payment Account during a Standstill to meet any Claim 
unless and until each Ledger, Sub-Ledger and Sub-Sub Ledger in respect of each prior ranking Claim has and 
remains credited with an amount equal to not less than 100 per cent. of the outstanding liability in respect of 
which such Ledger, Sub-Ledger and Sub-Sub Ledger has been established. 
If on any day that a Claim of a Standstill Creditor (a “Relevant Standstill Creditor”) represented by a Sub-
Ledger or a Sub-Sub Ledger of the Relevant Standstill Creditor falls to be paid, there are insufficient sums 
credited to that Sub-Ledger or, as the case may be, Sub-Sub Ledger to meet the Relevant Standstill Creditor’s 
Claim in full, then the Standstill Cash Manager on behalf of the DCC Security Trustee shall debit each other 
Sub-Ledger or, as the case may be, Sub-Sub Ledger which ranks equally with the Relevant Standstill 
Creditor’s Claim pro rata according to the respective amounts credited to each other Sub-Ledger or, as the 
case may be, Sub-Sub Ledger (without double counting), by an amount equal to the lower of (a) the shortfall 
and (b) the aggregate amount then credited to each other equal ranking Sub-Ledger or, as the case may be, 
Sub-Sub Ledger and credit such amount to the relevant equal ranking Sub-Ledger or Sub-Sub Ledger of the 
Relevant Standstill Creditor which has fallen to be paid. 
The Standstill Cash Manager on behalf of the DCC Security Trustee shall, in respect of (a) each Sub-Ledger 
or Sub-Sub Ledger of any Standstill Creditor (such Standstill Creditor, an “Affected Standstill Creditor”) 
from which amounts have been debited to make good shortfalls to meet a Claim of the Relevant Standstill 
Creditor and (b) in respect of the Sub-Ledger or Sub-Sub Ledger of the Relevant Standstill Creditor which has 
been credited to make up the relevant shortfall, open and maintain a separate Ledger (each such Ledger, a 
“Notional Liquidity Ledger”) and shall credit each Notional Liquidity Ledger in respect of each Affected 
Standstill Creditor (without double counting) with the amount debited from the corresponding Sub-Ledger or, 
as the case may be, Sub-Sub Ledger of that Affected Standstill Creditor and shall debit the Notional Liquidity 
Ledger of the Relevant Standstill Creditor with the amount so credited. A credit balance at any time on a 
Notional Liquidity Ledger of an Affected Standstill Creditor shall represent an advance (a “Notional 
Liquidity Advance”) from that Affected Standstill Creditor to the Relevant Standstill Creditor. For so long as 
an Affected Standstill Creditor has a debit balance on its Notional Liquidity Ledger, all amounts notionally 
credited to the Sub-Ledger or Sub-Sub Ledger of the Relevant Standstill Creditor ranking equally with the 
Sub-Ledger or Sub-Sub Ledger of the Affected Standstill Creditor in accordance with the DCC Standstill 
Priority shall instead be applied, pro rata to the respective amounts credited to the relevant Notional Liquidity 
Ledgers of all equal ranking Affected Standstill Creditors, in reducing the credit balance on each relevant 
Notional Liquidity Ledger (with a corresponding credit to the Notional Liquidity Ledger of the Relevant 
Standstill Creditor) until such time as there is a zero balance on each relevant Notional Liquidity Ledger. 
If after making any transfer from an equal ranking Sub-Ledger or Sub-Sub Ledger to the relevant Sub-Ledger 
or Sub-Sub Ledger of the Relevant Standstill Creditor there remains an insufficiency of funds available to 
DCC to meet that Claim, then DCC shall request the making of an L Advance in the amount of such shortfall. 
The arrangements described above shall continue for so long as there is a Standstill. In the event that the 
Standstill is discharged, then the pre-Standstill cash allocation procedures described previously shall be 
reinstated. The DCC Security Trustee shall not be responsible for monitoring the performance of the Standstill 
Cash Manager.

--- Page 126 ---
126 
If, following the implementation of a Standstill, there is an acceleration of Claims under the DCC STID then, 
upon such acceleration occurring, all monies credited to DCC’s Accounts together with the proceeds of 
enforcement of any of the Security Documents shall be applied strictly in accordance with the priority of 
payments set out below (the “DCC Post-Enforcement Payments Priorities”): 
(i) 
first, pro rata according to the respective amounts thereof, in or towards satisfaction of each Tier 1 
Claim and in or towards satisfaction of each Tier 2 Creditor’s Tier 2 Claim; 
(ii) 
second, pro rata according to the respective amounts thereof: 
(a) 
to the Overdraft Bank, in or towards satisfaction of any fees, interest and principal outstanding 
under the Overdraft Facility; and 
(b) 
to the Account Bank, in or towards satisfaction of any accrued and unpaid fees and charges due 
to the Account Bank under the DCC Account Bank Agreement; 
(iii) 
third, pro rata according to the respective amounts thereof: 
(a) 
to the Issuer, in or towards satisfaction of the Issuer’s Tier 3 Claim; and 
(b) 
to each Authorised Lender in or towards satisfaction of such Authorised Lender’s Tier 3 Claim; 
(iv) 
fourth, pro rata according to the respective amounts thereof: 
(a) 
to each DCC Hedge Counterparty, in or towards satisfaction of such DCC Hedge 
Counterparty’s Tier 4 Claim; 
(b) 
to the Issuer, in or towards satisfaction of the Issuer’s Tier 4 Claim;  
(c) 
to each DCC Finance Lessor, in or towards satisfaction of such DCC Finance Lessor’s Tier 4 
Claim; and 
(d) 
to each Authorised Lender, in or towards satisfaction of such Authorised Lender’s Tier 4 Claim; 
(v) 
fifth, pro rata according to the respective amounts thereof: 
(a) 
to the Issuer, in or towards satisfaction of the Issuer’s Tier 5 Claim;  
(b) 
to each DCC Finance Lessor, in or towards satisfaction of such DCC Finance Lessor’s Tier 5 
Claim; and  
(c) 
to each Authorised Lender, in or towards satisfaction of such Authorised Lender’s Tier 5 Claim; 
(vi) 
sixth, to the Issuer, in or towards satisfaction of the Issuer’s Tier 6 Claim; 
(vii) 
seventh, to the Issuer in or towards satisfaction of the Issuer’s Tier 7 Claim; 
(viii) eighth, to the Issuer, in or towards satisfaction of the Issuer’s Tier 8 Claim; 
(ix) 
ninth, to the Issuer, in or towards satisfaction of the Issuer’s Tier 9 Claim; 
(x) 
tenth, pro rata according to the respective amounts thereof: 
(a) 
to each DCC Finance Lessor, in or towards satisfaction of such DCC Finance Lessor’s Tier 10 
Claim; 
(b) 
to the Issuer, in or towards satisfaction of the Issuer’s Tier 10 Claim; 
(c) 
to each Authorised Lender, in or towards satisfaction of such Authorised Lender’s Tier 10 
Claim; and 
(d) 
to each DCC Hedge Counterparty, in or towards satisfaction of such DCC Hedge 
Counterparty’s Tier 10 Claim;

--- Page 127 ---
127 
(xi) 
eleventh, to the Issuer, in or towards satisfaction of the Issuer’s Tier 12 Claim; 
(xii) 
twelfth, to the Issuer, in or towards satisfaction of the Issuer’s Tier 13 Claim; 
(xiii) thirteenth, pro rata according to the respective amounts thereof: 
(a) 
to WPD Realisations (Cayman) Limited, in or towards satisfaction of WPD Realisations 
(Cayman) Limited’s Tier 11 Claim; and 
(b) 
to the Issuer, in or towards satisfaction of the Issuer’s Tier 14 Claim. 
(xiv) fourteenth, the surplus (if any) to DCC or any other person entitled thereto. 
The proceeds of enforcement of the Guarantor Security will also be applied in accordance with the DCC Post-
Enforcement Payments Priorities in circumstances where such enforcement occurs during a Standstill Period 
or following an acceleration of Claims under the DCC STID.

--- Page 128 ---
128 
ISSUER CASH MANAGEMENT 
The Issuer has established sterling, euro and U.S. dollar operating accounts (the “Issuer Operating 
Accounts”) and an initial liquidity facility reserve account (the “Initial Liquidity Account”). The Issuer 
Accounts (as defined below) are held with the Account Bank pursuant to an account agreement (as amended 
from time to time, the “Issuer Account Bank Agreement”) dated on the Initial Issue Date originally between 
the Issuer, the Account Bank and the Issuer Security Trustee, in respect of which the Issuer has been 
substituted in place of DCFL and DCFL has ceased to be a party. DCC acts as Cash Manager of the Issuer 
and, pursuant to the terms of the Master Framework Agreement manages amounts standing to the credit of the 
Issuer Accounts and any other accounts of the Issuer from time to time. 
Each Liquidity Facility Agreement requires the establishment of a further liquidity facility reserve account 
(“Further Liquidity Accounts” which, together with the Initial Liquidity Account, are referred to as the 
“Liquidity Accounts” and, collectively with the Issuer Operating Accounts, are referred to as the “Issuer 
Accounts”).  
The Cash Manager has opened and maintains in respect of the sterling denominated Issuer Operating Account 
a ledger in respect of each Series (a “Series Ledger”) for the purpose of recording all payments made by or to 
the Issuer under the Intercompany Loan Agreement entered into in connection with such Series.  
Prior to the service of an Enforcement Notice under the Issuer Deed of Charge all monies credited to a Series 
Ledger rank for payment in accordance with the priority of payments (“Issuer Pre-Enforcement Payments 
Priorities”) set out in the Issuer STID as set out below: 
(i) 
first, pro rata according to the respective amounts thereof, in or towards satisfaction of the Relevant 
Series Proportion of the remuneration, costs and expenses of the Bond Trustee and Issuer Security 
Trustee; 
(ii) 
second, in or towards satisfaction of, on a pro rata basis, (a) the Relevant Series Proportion of the 
remuneration, costs and expenses of the Paying Agents, the Agent Bank, the Registrar, the Transfer 
Agents, the Luxembourg Listing Agent and any other agents appointed under the Paying Agency 
Agreement or otherwise (collectively, the “Agents”), (b) the Relevant Series Proportion of the 
remuneration, costs and expenses of the Account Bank under the Issuer Account Bank Agreement, (c) 
the remuneration, costs and expenses of the Liquidity Facility Agent under the Liquidity Facility 
Agreement applicable to the relevant Series, (d) the remuneration, costs and expenses of the Class R 
Agent (if any) for the relevant Series, (e) the remuneration, costs and expenses of the Authorised Loan 
Facility Agent under each Authorised Loan Agreement (if any) for the relevant Series, (f) the Relevant 
Series Proportion of the costs and expenses of the Cash Manager and (g) the fees, expenses and premia 
of the Financial Guarantor for the relevant Series pursuant to the relevant G&R Agreement for the 
relevant Series; 
(iii) 
third, pro rata according to the respective amounts thereof, in or towards satisfaction of (a) all amounts 
of fees, interest and principal (other than any Subordinated Liquidity Facility Amounts) due or overdue 
under the Liquidity Facility Agreement for the relevant Series, (b) all amounts of interest and principal 
due or overdue under the Class R Bonds to the extent that such Class R Bonds were re-sold to fund a 
New Money Advance and (c) all amounts of interest and principal due or overdue in respect of any 
drawing under an Authorised Loan Agreement to the extent that such drawing was made by the Issuer 
to fund a New Money Advance; 
(iv) 
fourth, pro rata according to the respective amounts thereof, in or towards satisfaction of all scheduled 
amounts payable to each Hedge Counterparty under any Interest Rate Hedging Agreement; 
(v) 
fifth, pro rata according to the respective amounts thereof, in or towards satisfaction of (a) all amounts 
of interest due or overdue in respect of all of the Class A Bonds, Class B Bonds and Class R Bonds (if

--- Page 129 ---
129 
any) (in each case, other than any Subordinated Coupon Amounts in respect thereof), (b) all scheduled 
amounts payable to each Hedge Counterparty under any Currency Hedging Agreement entered into in 
respect of all of the Class A Bonds or the Class B Bonds (if any), (c) all amounts of underwriting 
commissions (other than Subordinated Commissions) due or overdue in respect of all of the Class R 
Bonds (if any), (d) all reimbursement sums owed under the relevant G&R Agreement to the Financial 
Guarantor (if any) of the relevant Series in respect of payments of interest on any Class A Bonds of the 
relevant Series guaranteed by such Financial Guarantor and (e) all amounts of interest and 
commitment commissions due or overdue in respect of the Authorised Loan Facilities available to the 
Issuer (if any, other than any Subordinated Authorised Loan Amounts) established in connection with 
the relevant Series; 
(vi) 
sixth, pro rata according to the respective amounts thereof, in or towards satisfaction of (a) all amounts 
of principal due or overdue in respect of the Class A Bonds, Class B Bonds and Class R Bonds (if any) 
of the relevant Series, (b) all principal exchange amounts due and payable to each Hedge Counterparty 
under any Currency Hedging Agreement entered into in respect of the Class A Bonds or the Class B 
Bonds of the relevant Series (if any), (c) any other sums due and payable to each Hedge Counterparty 
under any Hedging Agreement in respect of the Class A Bonds and Class B Bonds subject to (iv) and 
(v) above and (ix) below, (d) all reimbursement sums owed to the Financial Guarantor (if any) of the 
relevant Series under the relevant G&R Agreement in respect of payments of principal on the Class A 
Bonds of the relevant Series and (e) all amounts of principal due or overdue under the Authorised Loan 
Facility (if any) established for the relevant Series; 
(vii) 
seventh, pro rata according to the respective amounts thereof, in or towards satisfaction of all amounts 
of (a) interest due or overdue on the Class C Bonds of the relevant Series (other than any Subordinated 
Coupon Amounts) and (b) all scheduled amounts due and payable to each Hedge Counterparty under 
any Currency Hedging Agreement entered into in respect of the Class C Bonds of the relevant Series; 
(viii) eighth, pro rata according to the respective amounts thereof, in or towards satisfaction of (a) all 
amounts of principal due or overdue on the Class C Bonds of the relevant Series, (b) all principal 
exchange amounts due and payable to each Hedge Counterparty under any Currency Hedging 
Agreement entered into in respect of the Class C Bonds of the relevant Series, and (c) any other sums 
due and payable to each Hedge Counterparty under a Hedging Agreement in respect of the Class C 
Bonds subject to (iv) and (vii) above and (xiii) below; 
(ix) 
ninth, in or towards satisfaction of any termination payment due or overdue to a Hedge Counterparty 
under any Hedging Agreement entered into in respect of the Class A Bonds or Class B Bonds which 
arises as a result of a default by such Hedge Counterparty; 
(x) 
tenth, in or towards satisfaction of all amounts of interest due or overdue on the Class D Bonds of the 
relevant Series (other than any Subordinated Coupon Amounts); 
(xi) 
eleventh, in or towards satisfaction of all amounts of principal due or overdue on the Class D Bonds of 
the relevant Series; 
(xii) 
twelfth, pro rata according to the respective amounts thereof, in or towards satisfaction of (a) all 
Subordinated Liquidity Facility Amounts due or overdue under the Liquidity Facility Agreement 
provided in connection with the relevant Series, (b) all Subordinated Authorised Loan Amounts due or 
overdue under the Authorised Loan Facilities available to the Issuer provided in connection with the 
relevant Series and (c) any other indemnified amounts due or overdue to the Financial Guarantor of the 
relevant Series; 
(xiii) thirteenth, in or towards satisfaction of any termination payment due or overdue to a Hedge 
Counterparty under any Hedging Agreement entered into in respect of the Class C Bonds which arises 
as a result of a default by such Hedge Counterparty;

--- Page 130 ---
130 
(xiv) fourteenth, pro rata according to the respective amounts thereof, in or towards satisfaction of all 
Subordinated Coupon Amounts due or overdue in respect of the Class A Bonds, Class B Bonds and 
Class R Bonds (if any) of the relevant Series; 
(xv) 
fifteenth, in or towards satisfaction of all Subordinated Coupon Amounts due or overdue in respect of 
the Class C Bonds of the relevant Series; 
(xvi) sixteenth, in or towards satisfaction of all Subordinated Coupon Amounts due or overdue in respect of 
the Class D Bonds of the relevant Series; and 
(xvii) seventeenth, the surplus, if any, to the Issuer or other persons entitled thereto. 
After the service of an Enforcement Notice by the Issuer Security Trustee under the Issuer Deed of Charge, 
the Issuer Security Trustee (or any substitute cash manager appointed by the Issuer Security Trustee to act on 
its behalf) shall (to the extent that such funds are available) use funds standing to the credit of the Issuer 
Accounts to make payments in accordance with the following order of priority (the “Issuer 
Post-Enforcement Payments Priorities”): 
(i) 
first, pro rata according to the respective amounts thereof, in or towards satisfaction of all of the 
remuneration, costs and expenses of the Bond Trustee and the Issuer Security Trustee and any receiver 
or receivers appointed by the Issuer Security Trustee pursuant to the Issuer Deed of Charge; 
(ii) 
second, pro rata according to the respective amounts thereof, in or towards satisfaction of (a) all of the 
remuneration, costs and expenses of the Agents, (b) all of the remuneration, costs and expenses of the 
Account Bank under the Issuer Account Bank Agreement, (c) all of the remuneration, costs and 
expenses of each Liquidity Facility Agent under each Liquidity Facility Agreement, (d) all of the 
remuneration, costs and expenses of each Class R Agent, (e) all of the remuneration, costs and 
expenses of each Authorised Loan Facility Agent under each Authorised Loan Agreement available to 
the Issuer, and (f) all of the fees, expenses and premia of each Financial Guarantor pursuant to each 
G&R Agreement; 
(iii) 
third, pro rata according to the respective amounts thereof, in or towards satisfaction of (a) all amounts 
of fees, interest and principal (other than any Subordinated Liquidity Facility Amounts) due or overdue 
under each Liquidity Facility Agreement, (b) all amounts of interest and principal due or overdue 
under the Class R Bonds to the extent that such Class R Bonds were sold to fund a New Money 
Advance and (c) all amounts of interest and principal due or overdue in respect of any drawing under 
any Authorised Loan Agreement to the extent that such drawing was made by the Issuer to fund a New 
Money Advance; 
(iv) 
fourth, pro rata according to the respective amounts thereof, in or towards satisfaction of (a) all 
amounts of interest due or overdue in respect of all Class A Bonds, Class B Bonds and Class R Bonds 
(in each case, other than any Subordinated Coupon Amounts in respect thereof), (b) all sums due and 
payable to each Hedge Counterparty under any Hedging Agreement entered into in respect of the 
Bonds of any Class subject to (viii) below, (c) all amounts of underwriting commissions (other than 
Subordinated Commissions) due or overdue in respect of all Class R Bonds, (d) all reimbursement 
sums owed under the relevant G&R Agreement to each Financial Guarantor in respect of payments of 
interest on any Class A Bonds guaranteed by such Financial Guarantor and (e) all amounts of interest 
and commitment commissions due or overdue in respect of each Authorised Loan Facility (other than 
any Subordinated Authorised Loan Amounts); 
(v) 
fifth, pro rata according to the respective amounts thereof, in or towards satisfaction of (a) all amounts 
of principal due or overdue in respect of all Class A Bonds, Class B Bonds and Class R Bonds, (b) all 
reimbursement sums owed to each Financial Guarantor under the relevant G&R Agreement in respect 
of payments of principal on Class A Bonds and (c) all amounts of principal due or overdue under each 
Authorised Loan Facility;

--- Page 131 ---
131 
(vi) 
sixth, in or towards satisfaction of all amounts of interest due or overdue on the Class C Bonds of the 
relevant Series (other than any Subordinated Coupon Amounts in respect thereof); 
(vii) 
seventh, in or towards satisfaction of all amounts of principal due or overdue on the Class C Bonds of 
the relevant Series; 
(viii) eighth, in or towards satisfaction of any termination sum due or overdue to any Hedge Counterparty 
under any Hedging Agreement which arises as a result of a default by such Hedge Counterparty; 
(ix) 
ninth, in or towards satisfaction of all amounts of interest due or overdue on all Class D Bonds (other 
than any Subordinated Coupon Amounts in respect thereof); 
(x) 
tenth, in or towards satisfaction of all amounts of principal due or overdue on all Class D Bonds; 
(xi) 
eleventh, pro rata according to the respective amounts thereof, in or towards satisfaction of (a) all 
Subordinated Liquidity Facility Amounts due or overdue under each Liquidity Facility Agreement, (b) 
all Subordinated Authorised Loan Amounts due or overdue under each Authorised Loan Facility 
available to the Issuer and (c) all other indemnified amounts due or overdue to each Financial 
Guarantor; 
(xii) 
twelfth, pro rata according to the respective amounts thereof, in or towards satisfaction of all 
Subordinated Coupon Amounts due or overdue in respect of all Class A Bonds, Class B Bonds and 
Class R Bonds; 
(xiii) thirteenth, in or towards satisfaction of all Subordinated Coupon Amounts due or overdue in respect of 
all Class C Bonds; 
(xiv) fourteenth, in or towards satisfaction of all Subordinated Coupon Amounts due or overdue in respect of 
all Class D Bonds; 
(xv) 
fifteenth, in or towards satisfaction of all amounts owing to the Cash Manager under the Master 
Framework Agreement; and 
(xvi) sixteenth, the surplus, if any, to the Issuer or other persons entitled thereto. 
Subject to the entrenched rights of the Issuer Security Trustee and the other Issuer Secured Creditors 
(including the Bond Trustee) the terms of the Issuer Pre-Enforcement Payments Priorities and the Issuer Post-
Enforcement Payments Priorities may change if the Issuer issues further Series of Bonds or enters into further 
Authorised Loan Facilities in the future.

--- Page 132 ---
132 
ADDITIONAL RESOURCES AVAILABLE  
Finance Leases  
Supply Agreements 
As at 30 September 2020, DCC had entered into (a) an equipment supply agreement dated 28 June 1996 with 
Kanaalstraat (formerly known as Lloyds Rent Leasing), (b) two reimbursement and hire purchase agreements 
(for the supply of equipment which was leased under the 20 year Finance Leases referred to below) dated 11 
November 2004 and 20 October 2005 respectively, with Lombard Lease Finance Limited (formerly known as 
W&G Lease Finance Limited) (“Lombard”), (c) two reimbursement and hire purchase agreements dated 11 
November 2004 and 22 July 2005 respectively, with Lloyds Corporate Asset Finance (No. 4) Limited 
(“Lloyds Corporate Asset Finance”), (d) one reimbursement and hire purchase agreement dated 12 
November 2004 with Assetfinance December (H) Limited (formerly known as Motopurchase Limited) 
(“Assetfinance”), (e) one reimbursement and hire purchase agreement dated 31 August 2005 with 
Norddeutsche Landesbank Girozentrale (“Nord”) and (f) one hire purchase agreement dated 5 October 2007 
with RBSSAF (2) Limited (“RBSSAF”), these agreements are collectively the “Supply Agreements”. 
Pursuant to the Supply Agreements, DCC has sold or otherwise procured (or is entitled to sell or otherwise 
procure) the supply of certain equipment to such companies (or in respect of equipment which constitutes 
Fixtures (as defined below) has been reimbursed (or is entitled to be reimbursed) for capital expenditure in 
respect thereof). The financial facilities available under the Supply Agreements are as follows: Kanaalstraat - 
£100 million; Lombard - £125 million (in respect of the Supply Agreement dated 11 November 2004) and £30 
million (in respect of the Supply Agreement dated 20 October 2005); Lloyds Corporate Asset Finance - £50 
million (in respect of the Supply Agreement dated 11 November 2004) and £30 million (in respect of the 
Supply Agreement dated 22 July 2005); Assetfinance - £50 million; Nord - £24 million; RBSSAF - £85 
million. Finance lease obligations, after the taking into account of any capital repayments under these 
facilities, amounted to £411.4 million as at 30 September 2020. 
The equipment supplied (or to be supplied) under the Supply Agreements (the “Equipment”) consists of 
equipment for use in the water and sewerage operations of DCC, including generators, compressors, tanks, 
pipework, filter pressure vessels, pumps valves, and other such process plant equipment and on water and 
sewerage infrastructure assets. The Equipment is comprised of moveable equipment (“Moveables”) and fixed 
equipment (that is, Equipment which is so affixed to real estate so as to become part of that real estate as a 
matter of law, “Fixtures”).  
Finance Leases 
As at 30 September 2020, each of Kanaalstraat, Lombard, Assetfinance, Lloyds Corporate Asset Finance, 
Nord, RBSSAF (each a “Finance Lessor” and together, the “Finance Lessors”) has leased (or, in certain 
cases, will lease) the items of Equipment purchased or supplied (or, in certain circumstances, to be purchased 
or supplied) by them under the Supply Agreements to DCC on the terms, and subject to the conditions, set out 
in the following lease agreements between DCC as lessee and the respective Finance Lessor as lessor (each a 
“Finance Lease” and, together, the “Finance Leases”): (a) a lease agreement dated 28 June 1996 with 
Kanaalstraat whose principal lease period is 25 years from the date of commencement of such period; (b) two 
lease agreements dated 11 November 2004 and 20 October 2005 with Lombard, whose principal lease periods 
are both 20 years (upon agreement extendable up to 35 years), respectively, from the date of commencement 
of such periods; (c) a lease agreement dated 11 November 2004 with Lloyds Corporate Asset Finance whose 
principal lease period is 20 years (upon agreement extendable up to 35 years) from the date of 
commencement of such period and a lease agreement dated 22 July 2005 with Lloyds Corporate Asset 
Finance, whose principal lease period ends on 22 November 2024 (upon agreement extendable to 22 
November 2039); (d) a lease agreement dated 12 November 2004 with Assetfinance, whose principal lease 
period is 20 years (upon agreement extendable up to 35 years) from the date of commencement of such

--- Page 133 ---
133 
period; (e) a lease agreement dated 31 August 2005 with Nord, whose principal lease period is 30 years from 
the date of commencement of such period; (f) a lease agreement dated 5 October 2007 with RBSSAF whose 
principal lease period ends on 31 March 2038. 
The Finance Lease with Kanaalstraat was amended on the Initial Issue Date so as to be subject to the 
Common Terms Agreement and the DCC STID.  
The leasing of the Equipment under each of the Finance Leases, subject to any full or partial early termination 
(see below), is for a period (a) in respect of Fixtures (other than under the Finance Lease with Kanaalstraat 
where certain extensions are possible), of no longer than the respective principal lease period (see above) 
relating thereto and (b) in respect of Moveables, a period of no longer than the respective principal lease 
period (see below) relating thereto, save that the leasing of certain Moveables may be extended for further 12 
month periods, or until the end of the useful life of any such Moveable, at the option of DCC. 
Terms and Conditions 
Each Finance Lease is subject to the Common Terms Agreement, which sets out certain of the representations 
and warranties, covenants and events of default which apply to the Finance Leases (see “Common Terms 
Agreement” above). In addition, the Finance Leases are subject to the DCC STID which regulates the claims 
of Finance Lessors against DCC and termination and enforcement rights under the Finance Leases. 
Rental 
DCC is obliged to pay rental payments (“Rental”) under each Finance Lease annually in advance on 1 April 
of each year in respect of the Finance Lease with Kanaalstraat and on 31 March of each year in respect of the 
other Finance Leases (each a “Rental Payment Date”).  
The primary period Rental payable under each of the Finance Leases is calculated by reference to a number of 
assumptions made at the time of execution of the relevant Finance Lease (including a specific assumed rate of 
interest) and if any such assumption proves to be incorrect, the primary rental payments under the relevant 
Finance Lease are adjusted to levels that seek to (or if all those rentals have been paid additional rentals or 
rebates of rental are made in order to) preserve the relevant Finance Lessor’s agreed after-tax rate of return on 
its acquisition cost of the Equipment leased under that Finance Lease. The rental payments payable during 
any secondary periods are also set out in the relevant Finance Lease. 
The assumptions set out in each Finance Lease (other than under the Finance Lease with RBSSAF (see 
below)) are the type of tax and financial assumptions customarily found in leases of this kind and include, 
inter alia, matters such as the rate of corporation tax, the rate of writing down allowances, the amount of 
group relief on tax losses which may be claimed by the relevant Finance Lessor and other changes in 
applicable law or regulation.  
The assumptions set out in the Finance Lease with RBSSAF are more limited and include assumptions 
relating to timing.  
DCC will pay any VAT (if payable) due in respect of any payments under the Finance Leases. 
General Payment Provisions 
Default interest is payable under each Finance Lease in respect of any late payments. 
All payments of principal and interest under each Finance Lease will be made free and clear of, and without 
withholding or deduction for, tax, if any, applicable to such payments unless such withholding or deduction is 
required by law. In that event, DCC will be obliged to pay such additional amounts as will result in the receipt 
by the relevant Finance Lessor of such amounts as would have been received by it if no such withholding or 
deduction had been required.

--- Page 134 ---
134 
DCC Obligations 
In addition to the representations and warranties made by DCC and the obligations placed upon DCC 
pursuant to the Common Terms Agreement, the Finance Leases also include certain standard finance lease 
representations, warranties and covenants. 
In particular, DCC is required, in accordance with the Finance Leases (although not always in each case), 
inter alia, (1) to maintain, service, repair and overhaul the Equipment so as to keep the Equipment in good 
repair, condition and working order in accordance with customary practice of a prudent and responsible water 
and sewerage undertaking; (2) promptly to replace any item of Equipment which is worn out, obsolete or 
damaged; (3) to maintain third party liability and property and damage insurances in respect of the 
Equipment, satisfactory to the Finance Lessors; and (4) to perform all acts or provide all assistance necessary 
and/or desirable to preserve each Finance Lessor’s tax benefits and/or position under the Finance Lease, 
including entering into elections that entitle the relevant Finance Lessor to claim capital allowances on any of 
the Equipment which constitutes Fixtures. 
A breach of any of these representations and/or obligations in a Finance Lease which would be reasonably 
likely to have a material adverse effect will (to the extent not waived) oblige DCC to prepay all sums due and 
payable under the relevant Finance Lease. Such prepayment shall be funded solely from Permitted 
Indebtedness (as summarised above, see “Common Terms Agreement”) and subject to the Common Terms 
Agreement and the DCC STID. If DCC does not make such prepayment in accordance with the Common 
Terms Agreement, an event of default under the Common Terms Agreement will arise (to the extent not 
waived) and the Standstill Period will automatically commence (see “DCC STID – Standstill” above). 
Indemnities 
Each Finance Lease contains a general indemnity whereby DCC agrees to indemnify the relevant Finance 
Lessor (and/or, in respect of certain indemnities under certain of the Finance Leases, the relevant Finance 
Lessor corporate group) on demand against all losses, payments, damages, liabilities, claims, proceedings, 
actions, penalties, fines or other sanctions of a monetary nature, costs and expenses (including, in certain 
cases, legal expenses, out-of-pocket expenses and costs of management time) in any way associated with the 
transactions contemplated in the relevant Finance Lease (“Losses”) other than Losses (i) arising as a result of 
the wilful default or negligence of the relevant Finance Lessor or (ii) compensated for elsewhere in the 
relevant Finance Lease. 
Each Finance Lease typically (but not in all cases) provides that DCC shall indemnify under the Finance 
Leases the relevant Finance Lessor against all losses incurred or suffered by it, inter alia, in relation to the 
Equipment or as a result of failure by DCC to comply with its obligations under the relevant Finance Lease. 
Typically, these indemnities survive any termination of the leasing of the Equipment under the Finance Leases 
and the termination of the Finance Leases themselves. 
Tax Indemnities 
Under the terms of the Finance Leases, DCC is required to compensate the Finance Lessors for certain tax 
events, either by variation of the Rental payment amounts (see “Rental” above) or by contractual indemnity 
payments.  
Typically, these indemnities survive any termination of the leasing of the Equipment under the Finance Leases 
and the termination of the Finance Leases themselves. 
Termination of Finance Leases 
Subject to the terms of the DCC STID (including the provisions applying during a Standstill Period), the 
leasing of part or all of the Equipment under the Finance Leases may be terminated on the occurrence of any 
of the DCC Events of Default specified in the Common Terms Agreement.

--- Page 135 ---
135 
In addition, subject to the terms of the Common Terms Agreement, the DCC STID and the Finance Leases (as 
amended and supplemented) and provided DCC is able to fund such termination or prepayment from 
Permitted Indebtedness (as specified above, see “Common Terms Agreement”): 
• 
DCC may, for any reason, terminate the leasing of all or part of the Equipment under any Finance 
Lease and DCC may prepay all Rentals due thereunder in advance of the expiry of the relevant lease 
period; and 
• 
each Finance Lessor may terminate the leasing of the Equipment under its Finance Lease if (a) an 
illegality event in respect of that Finance Lessor occurs; or (b) a total loss of its leased Equipment 
occurs.  
If DCC fails to make any such prepayment in accordance with the Common Terms Agreement, a DCC Event 
of Default will arise under the Common Terms Agreement and the Standstill Period will automatically 
commence (see “DCC STID – Standstill” above). 
The Termination payment payable by DCC upon termination of a Finance Lease varies according to the 
termination event which takes place and the date thereof. The termination payment is calculated, broadly, by 
the production of a revised cashflow as at the date of the relevant termination and based upon certain 
assumptions, (which if subsequently proven to be incorrect may give rise to a further payment or rebate in the 
future). 
Repossession of Moveables on Termination 
Pursuant to the terms of the Supply Agreements, the Finance Lessors purchased (or may purchase) the legal 
and beneficial title to the Equipment to the extent that it is a Moveable. Upon the affixing of certain 
Moveables to real estate in accordance with the relevant Finance Leases, such Moveables may become 
Fixtures. Upon the creation of such Fixtures, legal and beneficial title to the same is transferred from the 
relevant Finance Lessor to the owner of the relevant real estate (albeit that, for fiscal purposes only, title is 
deemed to rest with the relevant Finance Lessors). There is no ability for a Finance Lessor to repossess 
Equipment which becomes or has become fixtures. 
Following a termination event under the Finance Leases, DCC is required, at its own cost and expense, to 
redeliver possession of any Equipment which remains or becomes a Moveable to the relevant Finance Lessor. 
The Finance Lessors shall sell, if possible, the returned Moveables and shall share the net sale proceeds of any 
such sale with the other DCC Secured Creditors. 
Insurance and Total Loss 
DCC has to maintain certain insurances under each Finance Lease (see “DCC Obligations” above). 
Upon a total loss of certain items of Equipment, the leasing of such items will terminate and DCC must pay a 
termination payment (from insurance proceeds or otherwise) within a specified number of business days 
following such a total loss or within a certain number of business days after the date of receipt of insurance 
proceeds in relation to such Equipment. 
Local Authority Loans 
As at 30 September 2020, DCC had outstanding loans of £0.3 million from certain local authorities in Wales. 
The local authorities who have made these loans available to DCC have not acceded, and will not be required 
to accede, to the Common Terms Agreement, the DCC STID or the Intercreditor Arrangements. 
Class R Bonds 
As of the date of this Prospectus, there are no Class R Bonds outstanding and the Issuer does not currently 
intend to issue any further Class R Bonds.

--- Page 136 ---
136 
Authorised Loan Facilities 
The Issuer and DCC are, between themselves, currently party to ten Authorised Loan Facilities with an 
aggregate original facility amount of £1,040 million (before principal repayments). 
As at 30 September 2020, the aggregate drawn amount outstanding under these facilities (net of principal 
repayments of £174 million) was £666 million, leaving a balance of £200 million available for drawing as at 
that date. 
These facilities are:  
(i) 
a fully drawn finance contract of £100 million dated 5 December 2005 between the Issuer and the 
European Investment Bank ("EIB") repayable in instalments by 15 December 2021;  
(ii) 
a second fully drawn finance contract of £100 million dated 23 October 2008 between the Issuer and 
the EIB repayable in instalments by 15 April 2025; 
(iii) 
a third fully drawn finance contract of £100 million dated 3 March 2011 between the Issuer and the 
EIB repayable in instalments by 15 December 2028; 
(iv) 
a fourth fully drawn finance contract of £230 million dated 17 November 2014 between DCC and the 
EIB repayable in instalments by 15 May 2031; 
(v) 
a fully drawn term loan of £60 million dated 11 November 2015 between DCC and KfW IPEX-Bank 
GmbH, repayable in instalments by 15 November 2025; 
(vi) 
a fifth fully drawn finance contract of £250 million dated 20 January 2017 between DCC and the EIB 
repayable in instalments by 15 December 2033;  
(vii) 
an undrawn bilateral revolving credit facility of £60 million dated 15 May 2020 between the Issuer and 
BNP Paribas, London Branch, which is available to be drawn in the two years ended 15 April 2022 
(with a further one-year extension option to 2023); 
(viii) an undrawn bilateral revolving credit facility of £30 million dated 6 August 2020 between the Issuer 
and HSBC UK Bank plc which is available to be drawn in the two years to 6 July 2022 (with a further 
one-year extension option to 2023); 
(ix) 
an undrawn bilateral revolving credit facility of £60 million dated 21 October 2020 between the Issuer 
and National Westminster Bank Plc which is available to be drawn until 21 September 2022 (with a 
further one-year extension option to 2023); and 
(x) 
an undrawn bilateral revolving credit facility of £50 million dated 24 November 2020 between the 
Issuer and Barclays Bank PLC which is available to be drawn until 24 October 2022 (with a further 
one-year extension option to 2023), 
(together, the “Current Authorised Loan Facilities”). 
The EIB loan of £230,000,000 was drawn in three tranches and accrues indexation which will be repaid as 
each tranche amortises. As at 30 September 2020, the indexation repaid on the amortised portion of this loan 
was £1,086,000 and the indexation accrued on the remaining unindexed balance of £222,000,000 was 
£29,964,000. 
Each of the Current Authorised Loan Facilities entered into by the Issuer set out above has been on-lent (or is 
available to be on-lent if drawn) to DCC by way of Intercompany Loans, and each of the Current Authorised 
Loan Facilities entered into by DCC set out above may be used, in each case to fund the working capital and 
capital expenditure requirements of DCC.  
Interest accrues on any drawing under the Current Authorised Loan Facilities calculated at a daily rate by 
reference to the applicable sterling LIBOR plus a margin and mandatory costs and in respect of (ii) and (viii)

--- Page 137 ---
137 
above, interest on each individual tranche drawn may be calculated using either a fixed rate of interest or by 
reference to sterling LIBOR plus a margin and a predetermined variable rate spread, and in respect of (vi) 
above, interest on each individual tranche drawn may be calculated by reference to a specified index plus a 
margin and a predetermined variable rate spread. The Current Authorised Loan Facility between the Issuer 
and Barclays Bank PLC provides for the reference rate to switch from LIBOR to SONIA upon the earliest to 
occur of certain specified events and dates, following which interest will accrue on any drawing thereunder 
calculated at a daily rate by reference to the applicable SONIA plus a margin and credit adjustment spread.  
Each of DCC and the Issuer makes representations and warranties to the Authorised Lenders on terms as set 
out, respectively, in the Common Terms Agreement and the Master Framework Agreement. Certain 
representations and warranties are repeated at the date of drawing a loan and on certain Issuer Payment Dates 
or DCC Payment Dates, as the case may be. 
Each of DCC and the Issuer makes covenants and undertakings to the Authorised Lenders on terms as set out, 
respectively, in the Common Terms Agreement and the Master Framework Agreement. 
The DCC Events of Default under the Common Terms Agreement apply to DCC under any Authorised Loan 
Facility (see “Common Terms Agreement” above). Events of default similar to the Issuer Events of Default 
under the Bonds apply to the Issuer under its Initial Authorised Loan Facility (see Condition 11 in Chapter 7 
“Terms and Conditions of the Bonds”). 
The ability of the Authorised Lenders to accelerate any sums owing under either of the Issuer’s or DCC’s 
Authorised Loan Facilities upon or following the occurrence of an event of default thereunder is subject to the 
Issuer STID or the DCC STID, respectively. 
The Issuer and/or DCC may enter into further Authorised Loan Facilities except that any Authorised Loan 
Facilities entered into by DCC for working capital and capital expenditure purposes will be subject to an 
aggregate cap of £50,000,000 (indexed), and the aggregate amount of drawings under the Overdraft Facility 
and such Authorised Loan Facilities from time to time shall not, in the aggregate, exceed £50,000,000 
(indexed). As at 30 September 2020, the indexed value of the cap was £84,472,000, enabling DCC to 
maintain the (unutilised) Overdraft Facility and an Authorised Loan Facility with KfW IPEX-Bank GmbH. 
Further lending to DCC, in the form of Finance Leases and Authorised Loan Facilities from the European 
Investment Bank, which sits outside the indexed cap, has been specifically approved on a case-by-case basis 
by the relevant majority of the Secured Creditors and the DCC Security Trustee by way of a STID Proposal. 
Each additional Authorised Lender will be given the benefit of the Issuer Security or the DCC Security, as the 
case may be, and will be required to accede to the Issuer STID or the DCC STID, as the case may be. 
The Liquidity Facilities 
The Issuer is required to have available to it one or more liquidity facilities (each a “Liquidity Facility”) to 
enable it to meet any Liquidity Shortfalls (as defined below). 
The Issuer had entered into a liquidity facility agreement dated 10 May 2001 between the Issuer and The 
Royal Bank of Scotland plc (as facility agent for itself and Lloyds Bank plc) (the “Initial Liquidity Facility 
Agreement”), which was terminated on 13 April 2011. The Issuer then entered into a liquidity facility 
agreement dated 13 April 2011 (the “Second Liquidity Facility Agreement”) with The Royal Bank of 
Scotland plc (acting as facility agent for the participating banks) with a total commitment of £135 million. 
The participating banks (each bank a “Further Liquidity Facility Provider”) were The Royal Bank of 
Scotland plc, HSBC Bank plc, Lloyds Bank plc and National Australia Bank Limited (ABN 12 004 044 937), 
each providing a commitment of £33.75 million. The Second Liquidity Facility Agreement terminated on 2 
April 2019. 
The Issuer entered into a liquidity facility agreement dated 29 March 2019 with each of AGUK and AGM 
(together the “AG Liquidity Facility Providers”) (each, an “AG Liquidity Facility Agreement”) pursuant

--- Page 138 ---
138 
to which AGUK and AGM, as the Current Liquidity Facility Providers, agreed to unconditionally and 
irrevocably guarantee to DCC during the term of the facility their relevant proportion (being the AGUK 
Proportion and the AGM Proportion) of the relevant Shortfall Amount subject to a cap of £135,000,000 or 
such higher amount as may be notified pursuant to the AG Liquidity Facility Agreements provided that such 
cap shall not exceed £150,000,000 and shall be an aggregate cap shared between each AG Liquidity Facility 
Agreement. AGM also agreed to provide a guarantee in favour of DCC of the AGUK Proportion to the extent 
that AGUK fails to pay its proportion of the Shortfall Amount when due. 
Under the terms of each AG Liquidity Facility Agreement, each AG Liquidity Facility Provider has provided 
a 5 year commitment in an aggregate amount specified in each AG Liquidity Facility Agreement to permit 
drawings to be made in circumstances where (i) the Issuer has or will have insufficient funds available on an 
Issuer Payment Date to pay in full its obligations in respect of scheduled interest on the Class A Bonds, Class 
B Bonds, Class R Bonds and (subject to certain limits) Class C Bonds and scheduled interest on its 
Authorised Loan Facilities, or (ii) DCC has or will have insufficient funds available on a DCC Payment Date 
to pay in full its obligations in respect of scheduled interest on its Authorised Loan Facilities or the notional 
scheduled interest payments under the DCC Finance Leases (each a “Liquidity Shortfall”). The amount 
which may be drawn under an AG Liquidity Facility Agreement to make up any Liquidity Shortfall arising on 
any Class C Bonds shall be limited to the proportion that the Outstanding Principal Amount of such Class C 
Bonds bears to the aggregate Principal Amount Outstanding of the Class A Bonds, Class Bonds, Class R 
Bonds (if any) and Class C Bonds. No drawings will be permitted under either AG Liquidity Facility 
Agreement in respect of any Liquidity Shortfall on the Class D Bonds. 
The Issuer may also, at any time, replace either AG Liquidity Facility Provider provided that: such AG 
Liquidity Facility Provider is replaced by a bank or financial institution which as at the relevant Issue Date 
has a rating assigned for its short-term unsecured, unsubordinated and unguaranteed debt obligations of at 
least A-1/P-1/F-1 from the relevant Rating Agencies or such other short-term rating as is commensurate with 
the original issue ratings assigned to the Class A Bonds, Class B Bonds and Class R Bonds remaining 
outstanding from each of the Rating Agencies (the “Requisite Ratings”); all amounts outstanding to such AG 
Liquidity Facility Provider are repaid in full; the replacement does not cause a downgrade in the Bonds which 
are rated; and the Issuer holds sufficient funds in the Liquidity Reserve Account.  
Amounts drawn by the Issuer under an AG Liquidity Facility will be on-lent by the Issuer to DCC as an L 
Advance under the relevant Intercompany Loan Agreement (see “Intercompany Loan Agreements” above). 
The Issuer will repay each drawing under an AG Liquidity Facility Agreement upon repayment of the 
corresponding amount of the relevant L Advance under the relevant Intercompany Loan Agreement. Amounts 
repaid may, subject to various conditions precedent, be redrawn. 
The Issuer will have a right to terminate each AG Liquidity Facility Agreement upon the occurrence of 
(among other things) a Downgrade Event, provided that any amounts that are due to the Liquidity Facility 
Provider have been paid in full.  
If the AG Liquidity Facility Provider refuses to renew such AG Liquidity Facility Agreement prior to the 
expiry of the 5 year period, the Issuer or DCC shall use commercially reasonable endeavours (or, if the 
Automatic Extension Trigger Date has occurred, best endeavours), at all times from the date when such 
renewal request is refused until termination of the AG Liquidity Facility Agreement, to (i) arrange a 
replacement Liquidity Facility Agreement; and (ii) fund a dedicated Liquidity Reserve Account to the 
Liquidity Facility Cap. 
Interest will accrue on any drawing made under the Liquidity Facility provided by the AG Liquidity Facility 
Providers at a reference rate per annum plus a margin. Drawings under any further Liquidity Facilities will 
accrue interest subject to the specific terms of the relevant Liquidity Facility Agreement.

--- Page 139 ---
139 
Upon the enforcement of the Issuer Security pursuant to the Issuer Deed of Charge, all indebtedness 
outstanding under any Liquidity Facility (other than Subordinated Liquidity Facility Amounts) will rank in 
priority to the Bonds. 
“AG Liquidity Provider Downgrade Event" means at any time while the Bonds remain outstanding, both: 
(a) 
AGM's insurer financial strength rating by Moody's ceases to be at least "A3"; and 
(b) 
AGM's insurer financial strength rating by S&P ceases to be at least "A-", 
provided, that during such time as AGM’s insurer financial strength is not rated by Moody’s and not rated by 
S&P, then an "AG Liquidity Provider Downgrade Event" means at any time while the Bonds remain 
outstanding, that AGM's insurer financial strength rating is not rated at least "A-" or the equivalent by at least 
one other credit rating agency which is registered with the United States Securities and Exchange 
Commission as a nationally recognised statistical rating organisation. 
“Bond Downgrade Event” means any time at which the Issuer has certified to the AG Liquidity Facility 
Provider that owing to the AG Liquidity Facility Provider’s credit strength, the then current rating of the Class 
A Bonds, Class B Bonds, and Class R Bonds assigned by any two of the Rating Agencies will fall below the 
rating assigned to those Bonds as at the Date of Issuance and that this downgrade can be avoided should a 
substitute Liquidity Facility Agreement with a substitute liquidity facility provider be provided. 
“Downgrade Event” means an AG Liquidity Provider Downgrade Event or a Bond Downgrade Event. 
Hedging Agreements 
Hedging Policy 
The Glas Group enters into hedging transactions in accordance with an agreed hedging policy, pursuant to the 
Common Terms Agreement and Master Framework Agreement, as applicable. This, inter alia, requires that 
the Glas Group does not maintain significant open currency positions and that it enters into appropriate 
hedging instruments to limit exposure to inflation and interest rate fluctuations to a prudent level. The Glas 
Group is prohibited from entering into any form of hedging arrangement or swaps contract of a speculative 
nature or otherwise than in accordance with the agreed hedging policy. The Glas Group will maintain the 
hedging policy over time in accordance with good industry practice and regulatory developments. 
Initial Hedging Agreements 
The Issuer hedged its interest rate and currency exposure in respect of Sub-Classes of Bonds issued on the 
Initial Issue Date that accrued interest at a floating rate and included Bonds that were denominated in U.S. 
dollars (the “Initial Hedging Agreements”). Payments are made between the Issuer and the Initial Hedge 
Counterparties under the Initial Hedging Agreements on Interest Payment Dates. Notwithstanding that a 
proportion of the Bonds issued on the Initial Issue Date have been redeemed, the Issuer has kept a proportion 
of the Initial Hedging Agreements in place to hedge other floating interest rate exposure of DCC. The Issuer 
has also entered into various index-linked hedges with certain of the Current Issuer Hedge Counterparties (the 
“New Hedging Agreements” and together with the Initial Hedging Agreements, the “Issuer Hedging 
Agreements”). DCC and the Issuer have entered into an intercompany swap agreement which mirrors the 
relevant Initial Hedging Agreement between the Issuer and the relevant Hedge Counterparty. As a result, the 
Issuer has a back-to-back swap arrangement with DCC. 
Under the terms of the Issuer Hedging Agreements, in the event that the ratings of the Hedge Counterparties 
fall below the required credit ratings and, as a result the ratings of the relevant Classes of Bonds may be 
downgraded below the original issue rating, the relevant Hedge Counterparty will either: (i) provide collateral 
for its obligations; (ii) arrange for its obligations under the relevant Issuer Hedging Agreement to be 
transferred to, or guaranteed by, an appropriate Hedge Counterparty with the required credit ratings, or, with 
the prior consent of the Rating Agencies, an entity that has a lesser rating (to the extent that such action does

--- Page 140 ---
140 
not cause a reduction in the original issue ratings of the relevant Classes of Bonds); (iii) arrange for the 
appointment of a co-obligor with such ratings as, when combined with the relevant Hedge Counterparty’s 
then current ratings, will not cause a reduction in the original issue ratings of the relevant Classes of Bonds; or 
(iv) take such other action agreed with the relevant Rating Agencies that will not lead to a reduction in the 
original issue ratings of the relevant Classes of Bonds. 
The Hedge Counterparties are obliged to make payments under the Issuer Hedging Agreements without any 
withholding or deduction of taxes, unless required by law. If any such withholding or deduction is required by 
law, the Hedge Counterparties are required to pay any such additional amount as is necessary to ensure that 
the net amount received by the Issuer equals the full amount the Issuer would have received had no such 
deduction or withholding been required. The Issuer makes payments under the Issuer Hedging Agreements 
subject to any withholding or deduction of taxes required by law but is not required to pay any additional 
amount to any Hedge Counterparty in respect thereof. However, in either case, if any such withholding or 
deduction is required, which cannot be avoided by both parties using reasonable endeavours to avoid such 
withholding or deduction, the Hedge Counterparty may terminate the relevant Issuer Hedging Agreement. 
The Issuer has rights to terminate an Issuer Hedging Agreement in certain circumstances, relating to the 
relevant Hedge Counterparty (or, in certain circumstances, any credit support provider relating to it) 
including: a failure to pay amounts when due; the occurrence of an insolvency event; a breach of a term of the 
Issuer Hedging Agreement or any credit support document; a merger without assumption; a default under 
specified types of transaction; and in the case of an event of illegality under the swap transactions. 
Each Hedge Counterparty’s rights to terminate its Issuer Hedging Agreement are restricted to: (i) a failure by 
the Issuer to make a payment under the Issuer Hedging Agreement when due; (ii) certain insolvency-related 
events with respect to the Issuer; (iii) illegality affecting the Hedge Counterparty’s ability to make or receive a 
payment; and (iv) where either the Hedge Counterparty or the Issuer is required to withhold for tax, which 
cannot be avoided, as described above. Each Hedge Counterparty is a party to the Issuer STID and its rights 
(including, in particular, its rights to receive any termination payment) are governed thereby and subject 
thereto. Accordingly, any termination payment will be paid to a Hedge Counterparty in accordance with the 
Issuer Pre-Enforcement Payments Priorities or the Issuer Post-Enforcement Payments Priorities, as the case 
may be. 
In addition to the above, the Issuer and each Hedge Counterparty has the right to terminate a relevant Initial 
Hedging Agreement upon a delivery of a notice by the Bond Trustee, under Condition 11 of the Bonds, that 
the Bonds have become immediately due and payable. Under the terms of the New Hedging Agreements, 
delivery of such notice by the Bond Trustee will result in automatic termination of the New Hedging 
Agreements. Further, the Issuer and each Hedge Counterparty has termination rights under each Initial 
Hedging Agreement and each New Hedging Agreement if the Issuer redeems any of the relevant Classes of 
Bonds prior to their Expected Maturity Date. 
The Current DCC Hedging Agreements 
DCC has entered into a number of inflation and fixed interest swap transactions with the Current DCC Hedge 
Counterparties in order to hedge a proportion of its floating rate interest exposure under the Finance Leases 
(the “Current DCC Hedge Agreements”).  
Each of the Current DCC Hedge Agreements may, save to the extent described below, be terminated by the 
Current DCC Hedge Counterparty only upon the occurrence of a DCC Event of Default. Each DCC Hedge 
Counterparty has, notwithstanding the provisions of the Common Terms Agreement, the right to terminate its 
relevant Current DCC Hedge Agreements if it is required, due to a change in tax law, to gross-up any payment 
due from it under such agreement or if there is a substantial likelihood that it will be required to gross-up due 
to action taken by a tax authority or brought in court.

--- Page 141 ---
141 
The Intercompany Hedge Arrangement 
As aforementioned, DCC and the Issuer have entered into an intercompany swap agreement which mirrors the 
relevant Initial Hedging Agreement between the Issuer and the relevant Hedge Counterparty. As a result, the 
Issuer has a back-to-back swap arrangement with DCC. Under the terms of the arrangement, £192 million of 
floating rate debt has been swapped to a fixed rate until 2031.

--- Page 142 ---
142 
CHAPTER 7 
TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THE BONDS  
The following is the text of the terms and conditions which (subject to completion in accordance with the 
provisions of Part A of the relevant Final Terms and, save for the italicised paragraphs and words) will be 
incorporated by reference into each Global Bond representing Bonds in bearer form, Bonds in definitive form 
(if any) issued in exchange for the Global Bond(s) representing Bonds in bearer form, each Registered Bond 
(as defined below) in global form (a “Registered Global Bond”) representing Bonds in registered form and 
each Registered Bond in definitive form (a “Definitive Registered Bond”) representing Bonds in registered 
form (only if such incorporation by reference is permitted by the relevant stock exchange and agreed by the 
Issuer). If such incorporation by reference is not so permitted and agreed, each Bond in bearer form and each 
Definitive Registered Bond representing Bonds in registered form will have endorsed thereon or attached 
thereto such text (as so completed, amended, varied or supplemented). Further information with respect to 
each Sub-Class of Bonds will be given in the relevant Final Terms which will provide for those aspects of 
these Conditions which are applicable to such Sub-Class of Bonds, including, in the case of Class A Bonds, 
the form of Financial Guarantee and endorsement and, in the case of all Classes, the terms of the relevant 
Term Advance or Revolving Advance under the relevant Intercompany Loan Agreement. References in the 
Conditions to “Bonds” are, as the context requires, references to the Bonds of one Sub-Class only, not to all 
Bonds which may be issued under the Programme.  
Dŵr Cymru (Financing) UK Plc (the “Issuer”) has succeeded Dŵr Cymru (Financing) Limited which 
established a multicurrency programme (the “Programme”) for the issuance of asset-backed bonds and 
guaranteed asset-backed bonds (the “Bonds”). 
The Issuer will issue bonds pursuant to a trust deed dated 10 May 2001, as most recently amended and 
restated on or about 23 March 2021 (as further amended, supplemented, restated and/or novated from time to 
time, the “Trust Deed”) between the Issuer, Assured Guaranty (as successor to Assured Guaranty (London) 
Plc), any other Financial Guarantor (as defined below) acceding thereto and Deutsche Trustee Company 
Limited as trustee (the “Bond Trustee”, which expression includes the trustee or trustees for the time being of 
the Trust Deed). 
The Class A Bonds (as defined in Condition 1(a) below) alone will be unconditionally and irrevocably 
guaranteed as to scheduled payments of principal and interest (as adjusted for indexation but excluding any 
accelerated amounts or amounts by which the Coupons (as defined below) exceed the Initial Coupons on such 
Sub-Class as at the relevant Issue Date (the “Subordinated Coupon Amounts”)) in respect of such Class A 
Bonds pursuant to a financial guarantee insurance policy (each a “Financial Guarantee”) to be issued by a 
financial guarantor (each a “Financial Guarantor”) in conjunction with the issue of each Sub-Class (as 
defined in Condition 1(a) below) of Class A Bonds. 
None of the Class B Bonds, Class R Bonds, Class C Bonds or Class D Bonds (each as defined in Condition 
1(a) below) will have the benefit of any such Financial Guarantee. 
The Bonds will have the benefit (to the extent applicable) of an agency agreement (as amended, supplemented 
and/or restated from time to time, the “Paying Agency Agreement”) dated 10 May 2001 (the “Initial Issue 
Date”) (as to which the Issuer, the Bond Trustee, the Principal Paying Agent and the other Paying Agents (in 
the case of Bearer Bonds) and the Transfer Agents and the Registrar (in the case of Registered Bonds) are 
party). As used herein, each of “Principal Paying Agent”, “Paying Agents”, “Transfer Agents” and/or 
“Registrar” means, in relation to the Bonds, the persons specified below relating to the Bonds as the 
Principal Paying Agent, Paying Agents, Transfer Agents and/or Registrar, respectively, and, in each case, any 
successor to such person in such capacity. 
Part A of the relevant Final Terms relating to the Bonds will be endorsed upon or attached to the Bonds and 
will supplement these terms and conditions (the “Conditions”) and may specify other terms and conditions

--- Page 143 ---
143 
which shall, to the extent so specified or to the extent inconsistent with these Conditions, replace or modify 
these Conditions for the purpose of the Bonds. 
On the Initial Issue Date, Dŵr Cymru (Financing) Limited entered into a deed of charge (the “Initial Issuer 
Deed of Charge”) with Deutsche Trustee Company Limited as security trustee (the “Issuer Security 
Trustee”), pursuant to which the Issuer granted certain fixed and floating charge security (the “Issuer 
Security”) to the Issuer Security Trustee for itself and on behalf of the Bond Trustee (for itself and on behalf 
of the Bond holders), the Financial Guarantor(s), the Liquidity Facility Providers, the Initial Hedge 
Counterparties, the Account Bank, the Authorised Lenders, the Paying Agents, the Registrar, the Transfer 
Agents, the Cash Manager (each as defined therein), any receiver and any additional creditor of the Issuer 
which accedes to the Issuer STID (as defined below) (together, the “Issuer Secured Creditors”).  
On the Initial Issue Date, Dŵr Cymru (Financing) Limited entered into a security trust and intercreditor deed 
(the “Issuer STID”) with the Issuer Security Trustee and other Issuer Secured Creditors, pursuant to which 
the Issuer Security Trustee holds the Issuer Security on trust for the Issuer Secured Creditors and the Issuer 
Secured Creditors agree to certain intercreditor arrangements.  
Following a reorganisation in 2019, Dŵr Cymru (Financing) Limited is no longer the issuer under the 
Programme. The Issuer entered into a deed of charge dated 1 August 2019 (the “Issuer Deed of Charge”) 
with the Issuer Security Trustee on substantially the same terms as the Initial Issuer Deed of Charge and has 
succeeded Dŵr Cymru (Financing) Limited under the Issuer STID and all other Issuer Transaction 
Documents. 
The Issuer has entered into an amended and restated dealership agreement dated 23 March 2021 (as further 
amended from time to time, the “Dealership Agreement”) with the dealers named therein (the “Dealers”) in 
respect of the Programme. Pursuant to the Dealership Agreement, any of the Dealers may enter into a 
subscription agreement in relation to each Sub-Class of Bonds issued by the Issuer, and pursuant to which the 
Dealers have agreed to subscribe for the relevant Sub-Class of Bonds. 
On the Initial Issue Date, Dŵr Cymru (Financing) Limited entered into a master framework agreement (as 
amended, the “Master Framework Agreement”) with the Issuer Security Trustee for itself and on behalf of 
the Issuer Secured Creditors, which contains certain representations, warranties and covenants of the Issuer. 
Pursuant to an amendment and restatement agreement dated 1 August 2019, the Issuer became party to the 
Master Framework Agreement. 
The Issuer has entered or may enter into liquidity facility agreements (together, the “Liquidity Facility 
Agreements”) with certain liquidity facility providers (together, the “Liquidity Facility Providers”) 
pursuant to which the Liquidity Facility Providers agree to make certain facilities available to meet liquidity 
shortfalls. 
The Issuer has entered or may enter into certain revolving credit facilities (together, the “Authorised Loan 
Facilities”) with certain lenders (the “Authorised Lenders”), pursuant to which the Authorised Lenders 
agree to make certain facilities available to the Issuer for the purpose of funding certain working capital, 
capital expenditure and other expenses of DCC. 
The Issuer has entered into certain currency and interest-rate hedging agreements with the Current Issuer 
Hedge Counterparties in respect of certain Sub-Classes of Bonds, pursuant to which the Issuer hedges certain 
of its currency and interest-rate obligations. In addition, the Issuer may also enter into certain currency and 
interest-rate hedging agreements with certain other hedge counterparties (together with the Current Issuer 
Hedge Counterparties, the “Hedge Counterparties”) in respect of certain Sub-Classes of Bonds, pursuant to 
which the Issuer will hedge certain of its currency and interest-rate obligations. 
The Trust Deed, the Issuer Deed of Charge, the Issuer STID, the Paying Agency Agreement, the Dealership 
Agreement, the Final Terms, the Liquidity Facility Agreements, the Hedging Agreements, the Authorised 
Loan Facilities, the Intercompany Loan Agreements (as defined below), the Guarantee and Reimbursement

--- Page 144 ---
144 
Agreements (as defined below) and the Master Framework Agreement are together referred to as the “Issuer 
Transaction Documents”. 
Certain statements in these Conditions are summaries of the detailed provisions in the relevant Final Terms or 
in the Trust Deed, the Issuer Deed of Charge or the Issuer STID. Copies of, inter alia, the Trust Deed, the 
Issuer Deed of Charge, the Issuer STID, the relevant Final Terms, the Paying Agency Agreement, the 
Dealership Agreement, the Liquidity Facility Agreements, the Authorised Loan Facilities, the Hedging 
Agreements, the Guarantee and Reimbursement Agreements, the Intercompany Loan Agreements and the 
Master Framework Agreement are available for inspection at the specified offices of the Principal Paying 
Agent or the Paying Agents (in the case of bearer Bonds) or the specified offices of the Transfer Agents and 
the Registrar (in the case of registered Bonds). 
The Bondholders (as defined in Condition 1(c) below) are entitled to the benefit of, are bound by, and are 
deemed to have notice of, all the provisions of the Trust Deed, the Issuer Deed of Charge, the Issuer STID, the 
Master Framework Agreement and the relevant Final Terms and to have notice of those provisions of the 
Paying Agency Agreement and the other Issuer Transaction Documents applicable to them. 
Any reference in these conditions to a matter being “specified” means as the same may be specified in the 
relevant Final Terms. 
1 
Classes, Form, Denomination and Title 
(a) 
Classes and Sub-Classes of Bonds 
Bonds issued on the same Issue Date (as defined in Condition 6(i)) comprise a series (each a “Series” 
(as specified in the relevant Final Terms)). Each Series comprises one or more classes of Bonds (each a 
“Class”). The available Classes of Bonds will be “Class A Bonds”, “Class B Bonds”, “Class R 
Bonds”, “Class C Bonds” and “Class D Bonds”. Each Class of Bonds will be further sub-divided into 
non-fungible sub-classes (each a “Sub-Class” (as specified in the relevant Final Terms)) of Bonds, 
with each Sub-Class being denominated in different specified currencies or having different Aggregate 
Nominal Amounts, Interest Rates, Maturity Dates, Issue Prices or other terms (as specified in the 
relevant Final Terms). 
Bonds of any Sub-Class may be fixed rate (“Fixed Rate Bonds”), floating rate (“Floating Rate 
Bonds”) or index-linked including limited indexed (“Indexed Bonds”), depending on the method of 
calculating interest payable in respect of such Bonds. 
(b) 
Form and Denomination 
The Bonds will be issued either (i) in bearer form (“Bearer Bonds”), serially numbered in a Specified 
Denomination (as specified in the relevant Final Terms) or a multiple thereof, or (ii) in registered form 
(“Registered Bonds”) serially numbered in a Specified Denomination or a multiple thereof provided 
that in the case of any Bearer Bonds or Registered Bonds which are to be admitted to trading on a 
regulated market within the European Economic Area or offered to the public in a Member State of the 
European Economic Area in circumstances which require the publication of a prospectus under the EU 
Prospectus Regulation, the minimum Specified Denomination shall be €100,000 (or its equivalent in 
any other currency as at the date of issue of the relevant Bonds). References in these Conditions to 
“Bonds” include Bearer Bonds and Registered Bonds and, where the context requires, Bonds of all 
Sub-Classes, Classes and Series. 
So long as the Bonds are represented by a temporary Global Bond, permanent Global Bond or Global 
Certificate and the relevant clearing system(s) so permit, the Bonds shall be tradeable only in principal 
amounts of at least the Specified Denomination (or if more than one Specified Denomination, the 
lowest Specified Denomination) specified in the Final Terms and multiples thereof.

--- Page 145 ---
145 
Interest-bearing Bearer Bonds are issued with Coupons (and, where appropriate, a Talon) attached. 
After all the Coupons attached to, or issued in respect of, any Bearer Bond which was issued with a 
Talon have matured, a coupon sheet comprising further Coupons (other than Coupons which would be 
void) and (if necessary) one further Talon will be issued against presentation of the relevant Talon at 
the specified office of any Paying Agent. Any Bearer Bond the principal amount of which is 
redeemable in instalments may be issued with one or more Receipts attached thereto. 
“Maturity Date” means the date specified in the relevant Final Terms as the final date on which the 
principal amount of the Bond is due and payable. 
A Definitive Registered Bond Certificate (a “Registered Bond Certificate”) substantially in the form 
of Schedule 3, Part B to the Trust Deed will be issued to each Bondholder in respect of its registered 
holding. 
(c) 
Title 
Title to Bearer Bonds, Coupons, Receipts and Talons (if any) passes by delivery. Title to Registered 
Bonds passes by registration in the register (the “Register”), which the Issuer shall procure to be kept 
by the Registrar. 
In these Conditions, subject as provided below, each of “Bondholder” (in relation to a Bond, Coupon, 
Receipt or Talon), “holder” and “Holder” means (i) in relation to a Bearer Bond, the bearer of any 
Bearer Bond, Coupon, Receipt or Talon (as the case may be) and (ii) in relation to Registered Bond, 
the person in whose name a Registered Bond is registered, as the case may be. The expressions 
“Bondholder”, “holder” and “Holder” include the holders of instalment receipts (the “Receipts”) 
appertaining to the payment of principal by instalments (if any) attached to such Bonds in bearer form 
(the “Receiptholders”) and the holders of the coupons (the “Coupons”) (if any) appertaining to 
interest bearing Bonds in bearer form (the “Couponholders”, which expression includes the holders of 
talons (the “Talons”) (if any) for further coupons attached to such Bonds (the “Talonholders”)). 
The holder of any Bond, Coupon, Receipt or Talon will (except as otherwise required by law) be 
treated as its absolute owner for all purposes (whether or not it is overdue and regardless of any notice 
of ownership, trust or any interest in it, any writing on the relevant Bond or Registered Bond 
Certificate, or its theft or loss or any express or constructive notice of any claim by any other person of 
any interest therein other than, in the case of a Registered Bond, a duly executed transfer of such Bond 
in the form endorsed on the Registered Bond Certificate in respect thereof) and no person will be liable 
for so treating the holder. 
(d) 
Fungible Issues of Bonds comprising a Sub-Class 
A Sub-Class of Bonds may comprise a number of issues in addition to the initial Series of such Sub-
Class, each of which will be issued on identical terms (in all respects, save for the issue date, interest 
commencement date and/or issue price). Such further issues of the same Sub-Class will be fungible 
with the prior issue. 
2 
Exchanges of Bearer Bonds for Registered Bonds and Transfers of Registered Bonds 
(a) 
Exchange of Bonds 
Subject to Condition 2(e), Bearer Bonds may, if so specified in the relevant Final Terms, be exchanged 
at the expense of the transferor Bondholder for the same aggregate principal amount of Registered 
Bonds at the request in writing of the relevant Bondholder and upon surrender of the Bearer Bond to 
be exchanged together with all unmatured Coupons, Receipts and Talons (if any) relating to it at the 
specified office of the Registrar or any Transfer Agent or Paying Agent. Where, however, a Bearer 
Bond is surrendered for exchange after the Record Date (as defined in Condition 9(b)) for any payment

--- Page 146 ---
146 
of interest or Interest Amount (as defined in Condition 6(h)), the Coupon in respect of that payment of 
interest or Interest Amount need not be surrendered with it. 
Registered Bonds may not be exchanged for Bearer Bonds. 
(b) 
Transfer of Registered Bonds 
A Registered Bond may be transferred upon the surrender of the relevant Registered Bond Certificate, 
together with the form of transfer endorsed on it duly completed and executed, at the specified office 
of any Transfer Agent or the Registrar. However, a Registered Bond may not be transferred unless (i) 
the principal amount of Registered Bonds proposed to be transferred and (ii) the principal amount of 
the Registered Bonds proposed to be the principal amount of the balance of Registered Bonds to be 
retained by the relevant transferor are, in each case, Specified Denominations. In the case of a transfer 
of part only of a holding of Registered Bonds represented by a Registered Bond Certificate, a new 
Registered Bond Certificate in respect of the balance not transferred will be issued to the transferor 
within three business days (in the place of the specified office of the Transfer Agent or the Registrar) 
of receipt of such form of transfer. 
(c) 
Delivery of New Registered Bond Certificate 
Each new Registered Bond Certificate to be issued upon exchange of Bearer Bonds or transfer of 
Registered Bonds will, within three business days (in the place of the specified office of the Transfer 
Agent or the Registrar) of receipt of such request for exchange or form of transfer, be available for 
delivery at the specified office of the Transfer Agent or the Registrar stipulated in the request for 
exchange or form of transfer, or be mailed at the risk of the Bondholder entitled to the Registered Bond 
Certificate to such address as may be specified in such request or form of transfer. For these purposes, 
a request for exchange or form of transfer received by the Registrar after the Record Date in respect of 
any payment due in respect of Registered Bonds shall be deemed not to be effectively received by the 
Registrar until the business day following the due date for such payment. 
(d) 
Exchange at the Expense of Transferor Bondholder 
Registration of Bonds on exchange or transfer will be effected at the expense of the transferor 
Bondholder by or on behalf of the Issuer, the Transfer Agent or the Registrar, and upon payment of (or 
the giving of such indemnity as the Transfer Agent or the Registrar may require in respect of) any tax 
or other governmental charges which may be imposed in relation to it. 
(e) 
Closed Periods 
No transfer of a Registered Bond to be registered, nor exchange of a Bearer Bond for a Registered 
Bond may occur during the period of 15 days ending on the due date for any payment of principal, 
interest, Interest Amount or Redemption Amount (as defined in Condition 6(i) below) on that Bond. 
3 
Status of Bonds and Financial Guarantee 
(a) 
Status of Class A Bonds, Class B Bonds and Class R Bonds 
This Condition 3(a) is applicable only in relation to Bonds which are specified as being a Sub-Class of 
Class A Bonds, Class B Bonds or Class R Bonds. 
The Bonds, Coupons, Talons and Receipts (if any) are direct and unconditional obligations of the 
Issuer, secured in the manner described in Condition 4 and will rank pari passu without any preference 
among themselves. However, the Class B Bonds and the Class R Bonds will not have the benefit of 
any Financial Guarantee.

--- Page 147 ---
147 
(b) 
Status of Class C Bonds 
This Condition 3(b) is applicable only in relation to Bonds which are specified as being a Sub-Class of 
Class C Bonds. 
The Bonds, Coupons, Talons and Receipts (if any) are direct and unconditional obligations of the 
Issuer, are secured in the manner described in Condition 4, are subordinated to the Class A Bonds, 
Class B Bonds and Class R Bonds and rank pari passu without any preference among themselves. 
(c) 
Status of Class D Bonds 
This Condition 3(c) is applicable only in relation to Bonds which are specified as being a Sub-Class of 
Class D Bonds. 
The Bonds, Coupons, Talons and Receipts (if any) are direct and unconditional obligations of the 
Issuer, are secured in the manner described in Condition 4, are subordinated to the Class A Bonds, 
Class B Bonds, Class R Bonds and Class C Bonds and rank pari passu without any preference among 
themselves. 
(d) 
Financial Guarantee Issued by Financial Guarantor 
This Condition 3(d) is applicable only in relation to Bonds which are specified as being a Sub-
Class of Class A Bonds. 
Class A Bonds will have the benefit of a Financial Guarantee issued by a Financial Guarantor specified 
in the relevant Final Terms, issued pursuant to guarantee and reimbursement agreement between the 
Issuer and the relevant Financial Guarantor dated on or before the relevant Issue Date (as defined in 
Condition 6(i)) of such Bonds (each a “Guarantee and Reimbursement Agreement”). Under the 
relevant Financial Guarantee, the relevant Financial Guarantor unconditionally and irrevocably agrees 
to pay to the Bond Trustee all sums due and payable but unpaid by the Issuer in respect of scheduled 
interest (adjusted for indexation in accordance with these Conditions but not any Subordinated Coupon 
Amounts) and payment of principal (but not any accelerated amounts) on such Class A Bonds, all as 
more particularly described in the relevant Financial Guarantee. However, the Issuer is required to 
draw upon certain liquidity facilities available to it before the relevant Financial Guarantor is required 
to pay under the relevant Financial Guarantee. 
The terms of the relevant Financial Guarantee provide that amounts of principal on any such Bonds 
which have become immediately due and payable (whether by virtue of acceleration, prepayment or 
otherwise) other than on the relevant Scheduled Payment Date (as defined under such Financial 
Guarantee) will not be treated as Insured Amounts or Guaranteed Amounts (as applicable and as 
defined in such Financial Guarantee) which are Due for Payment (as defined in such Financial 
Guarantee) under such Financial Guarantee unless the relevant Financial Guarantor in its sole 
discretion elects so to do by notice in writing to the Bond Trustee. If no such election is made, the 
relevant Financial Guarantor will continue to be liable to make payments in respect of the Bonds 
pursuant to the relevant Financial Guarantee on the dates on which such payments would have been 
required to be made if such amounts had not become immediately due and payable but on the basis 
that amounts paid by the Issuer in respect of principal would be applied to reduce the relevant 
Financial Guarantor’s obligations pari passu in inverse order of maturity. 
To the extent that the early redemption price of any Bonds exceeds the aggregate of the Principal 
Amount Outstanding of and any accrued interest outstanding on any such Bonds to be redeemed, 
payment of such early redemption price will not be guaranteed by the relevant Financial Guarantor 
under the relevant Financial Guarantee.

--- Page 148 ---
148 
(e) 
Status of Financial Guarantee 
This Condition 3(e) is applicable only in relation to Bonds which are specified as being a Sub-Class of 
Class A Bonds. 
The relevant Financial Guarantee provided by the relevant Financial Guarantor in respect of the Bonds 
will constitute a direct, unsecured obligation of the relevant Financial Guarantor which will rank at 
least pari passu with all other unsecured obligations of such Financial Guarantor, save for such 
obligations as may be preferred by provisions of law that are both mandatory and of general 
application. 
(f) 
Condition deliberately left blank 
(g) 
Related Agreements 
The primary asset of the Issuer will be its rights against Dŵr Cymru Cyfyngedig (an affiliate of the 
Issuer) (“DCC”) under the intercompany loan agreements (the “Intercompany Loan Agreements”) to 
be entered into by the Issuer with DCC, in respect of which the Issuer will have the benefit of certain 
security granted by DCC (the “DCC Security”) and the benefit of certain guarantees and related 
security granted by affiliates of DCC (the “Guarantor Security”). Certain terms of the relevant 
Intercompany Loan Agreement relating to the Series of Bonds are specified in the relevant Final 
Terms. 
(h) 
Issuer Security Trustee not responsible for monitoring compliance 
As a consequence of the assignment by the Issuer in the Issuer Deed of Charge of the Issuer’s rights 
under the Intercompany Loan Agreements, the Issuer Security Trustee will have all the rights of the 
Issuer thereunder (except as provided in the Issuer STID and the Issuer Deed of Charge) which rights it 
will exercise in accordance with the directions of the Issuer Instructing Group. The Issuer Security 
Trustee shall not be responsible for monitoring compliance by DCC with its obligations under the 
Intercompany Loan Agreements and the other DCC Transaction Documents (as defined in the Master 
Framework Agreement) except by means of receipt from DCC of certificates of compliance pursuant 
to the provisions of the Intercompany Loan Agreements. In particular, where a DCC Event of Default, 
representation or warranty refers to Material Adverse Effect, material adverse change, materiality or 
like terminology, the Issuer Security Trustee will not determine such matters (or the absence thereof). 
DCC has, in the Intercompany Loan Agreement, covenanted with and undertaken to deliver to the 
Issuer Security Trustee certificates stating whether or not such obligations have been complied with 
(and whether a DCC Event of Default or DCC Potential Event of Default has occurred) and giving 
details of any non-compliance. The Issuer Security Trustee shall be entitled to rely on such certificates 
absolutely unless it is instructed otherwise by the Issuer Instructing Group, in which case it will be 
bound to act on such instructions in accordance with the Issuer STID. Where the Issuer Instructing 
Group consists of the Bond Trustee acting on behalf of the relevant Bondholders as referred to in the 
Issuer STID, the Bond Trustee will not determine Material Adverse Effect, material adverse change, 
materiality or like terminology, but will instead seek that such determination be made by such relevant 
Bondholders by means of an Extraordinary Resolution. 
All Bondholders shall be entitled to a copy of the Periodic Information (as defined in the Master 
Framework Agreement) as and when available and to a copy of the unaudited interim accounts and 
audited annual accounts of DCC within 60 days of 30 September and 90 days of 31 March, 
respectively. The information referred to in this paragraph is publicly available information. Such 
Periodic Information and such accounts will be made available to Bondholders on the website of Dŵr 
Cymru Welsh Water. 
All DCC Secured Creditors and Issuer Secured Creditors (including the Bondholders) shall be entitled 
to a copy of the Investors’ Report produced by DCC within 60 days of 30 September and 90 days of 31

--- Page 149 ---
149 
March. Such Investors’ Report will be made available to Bondholders on the Dŵr Cymru Welsh Water 
website (http://www.dwrcymru.com/). At the Issuer’s sole discretion this part of the Dŵr Cymru Welsh 
Water website may be password protected and, if so, the password to such part of the website will be 
provided to the Bondholders (whenever the Investors’ Report is produced) in accordance with 
Condition 17 (although no such notice shall be required to be published in a newspaper). Any 
Bondholder who provides sufficient evidence of identity may obtain, if applicable, the current 
password upon application to the Principal Paying Agent or the Registrar (as applicable). 
In addition, DCC has covenanted to provide the DCC Secured Creditors and Issuer Secured Creditors 
who are entitled to vote in accordance with the DCC STID or the Issuer STID, as the case may be, 
with detailed information on its performance (the “Company Information”), as a consequence of 
which it is possible that the Issuer Instructing Group may direct the Issuer Security Trustee to take 
action in relation to DCC. After a Default Situation (as defined in the Master Framework Agreement), 
or where the relevant Financial Guarantor (as defined in the Master Framework Agreement) is not the 
Issuer Qualifying Debt Representative (as defined in the Master Framework Agreement) for the Class 
A Bonds, or where there is no Qualifying Debt (as defined in the Master Framework Agreement) in 
paragraphs (i) and (ii) of the definition thereof, the Bondholders will also be entitled to have access to 
the Company Information through a separate area of the Dŵr Cymru Welsh Water website which may 
also be a secure site in the same manner as set out above for the Investors’ Report. 
In the event of the Dŵr Cymru Welsh Water website at any time becoming non-operational, all such 
information set out above which would otherwise be available to the Bondholders will be available for 
inspection at the specified offices of the Paying Agents, the Transfer Agents or the Registrar, as the 
case may be, and as further specified in the Paying Agency Agreement. 
The Bond Trustee, the Issuer Security Trustee, the DCC Security Trustee and the other DCC Secured 
Creditors and Issuer Secured Creditors will have access to all the information referred to in this 
Condition 3(h) except that the Bond Trustee will not have access to the Company Information before 
the Bondholders become entitled to access to it in accordance with this Condition. However, prior to a 
Default Situation, where the relevant Financial Guarantor is not the Issuer Qualifying Debt 
Representative for the Class A bonds, and where there is Qualifying Debt in paragraphs (i) and (ii) of 
the definition thereof none of the Bond Trustee, the Issuer Security Trustee or the DCC Security 
Trustee will be entitled or obliged to provide the Company Information to Bondholders and (in the 
case of the Issuer Security Trustee) will not analyse such information but will instead rely on the 
certifications referred to above. 
4 
Security, Priority and Relationship with Issuer Secured Creditors 
(a) 
Security 
Under the Issuer Deed of Charge, the Bonds are secured by the Issuer Security (including future 
property) granted by the Issuer in favour of the Issuer Security Trustee (for itself and on behalf of the 
Issuer Secured Creditors (including the Bond Trustee for itself and on behalf of the Bondholders)). 
There is no intention to create further security for the benefit of the holders of Bonds issued after the 
first Series issued by the Issuer. Each further Series of Bonds issued by the Issuer and any additional 
creditor of the Issuer acceding to the Issuer STID will share in the Issuer Security. 
(b) 
Relationship among Bondholders and with other Issuer Secured Creditors 
The Trust Deed contains provisions detailing the Bond Trustee’s obligations to consider the interests of 
the Bondholders as regards all powers, trusts, authorities, duties and discretions of the Bond Trustee 
(except where expressly provided otherwise and as further referred to in Condition 16(a)). 
The Issuer STID provides that the Issuer Security Trustee (except in relation to its Reserved Matters 
and Entrenched Rights, each as defined in the Issuer STID) will act on instructions of the Issuer

--- Page 150 ---
150 
Instructing Group (as defined in the Issuer STID) and, when so doing, the Issuer Security Trustee is 
not required to have regard to the interests of any Issuer Secured Creditor (including the Bond Trustee 
as trustee for the Bondholders) in relation to the exercise of such rights and, consequently, has no 
liability to the Bondholders as a consequence of so acting. 
(c) 
Application Prior to Enforcement 
Prior to enforcement of the Issuer Security by the Issuer Security Trustee, the Cash Manager, on behalf 
of the Issuer, is required to apply funds available to the Issuer in accordance with the Issuer Pre-
Enforcement Payments Priorities (as set out in the Issuer STID). 
(d) 
Enforceable Security 
In the event of the Issuer Security (as defined in the Master Framework Agreement) becoming 
enforceable as provided in Condition 11, the Issuer Security Trustee shall, if instructed by the Issuer 
Instructing Group, enforce its rights with respect to the Issuer Security, but without any liability as to 
the consequence of such action and without having regard to the effect thereof on, or being required to 
account for such action to, any particular Issuer Secured Creditor (including the Bond Trustee as 
trustee for the Bondholders), provided that the Issuer Security Trustee shall not be obliged to take any 
action unless it is indemnified and/or secured to its satisfaction. 
(e) 
Application After Enforcement 
Subject to the provisions of the Issuer Deed of Charge and the Issuer STID and as specified in the 
relevant Final Terms, after enforcement of the Issuer Security, the Issuer Security Trustee shall (to the 
extent that such funds are available) use funds standing to the credit of the Issuer Accounts to make 
payments in accordance with the Issuer Post-Enforcement Payments Priorities (as set out in the Issuer 
STID). After such enforcement, amounts payable to any receiver, the Issuer Security Trustee and any 
Financial Guarantor (in respect of the relevant Class A Bonds) and certain amounts payable to other 
Issuer Secured Creditors will rank in priority to payments on the Bonds, as set out in the Issuer Post-
Enforcement Payments Priorities. 
(f) 
Bond Trustee and Issuer Security Trustee not liable for security 
The Bond Trustee and the Issuer Security Trustee will not be liable for any failure to make the usual 
investigations or any investigations which might be made by a security holder in relation to the 
property which is the subject of the Issuer Security and held by way of security for the Bonds, and 
shall not be bound to enquire into or be liable for any defect or failure in the right or title of the Issuer 
to the Issuer Security whether such defect or failure was known to the Bond Trustee or the Issuer 
Security Trustee or might have been discovered upon examination or enquiry or whether capable of 
remedy or not, nor will it have any liability for the enforceability of the security created in favour of 
the Issuer under the DCC Security or the Guarantor Security whether as a result of any failure, 
omission or defect in registering or filing or otherwise protecting or perfecting such security. The Bond 
Trustee and the Issuer Security Trustee have no responsibility for the value of any such security. 
5 
Issuer Covenants 
So long as any of the Bonds remain outstanding, the Issuer has agreed to comply with the Issuer Covenants as 
set out in the Master Framework Agreement. 
The Bond Trustee shall be entitled to rely absolutely on a certificate of any director of the Issuer in relation to 
any matter relating to the Issuer Covenants and to accept without liability any such certificate as sufficient 
evidence of the relevant fact or matter stated in such certificate.

--- Page 151 ---
151 
6 
Interest and other Calculations 
(a) 
Interest Rate and Accrual 
Each Bond bears interest on its Principal Amount Outstanding (or as otherwise specified in the 
relevant Final Terms) from the Interest Commencement Date (as defined in Condition 6(i)) at the 
Interest Rate (as defined in Condition 6(i)), such interest being payable in arrear (unless otherwise 
specified in the relevant Final Terms) on each Interest Payment Date (as defined in Condition 6(i)). 
Interest will cease to accrue on each Bond on the due date for redemption unless, upon due 
presentation, payment of principal is improperly withheld or refused, in which event interest will 
continue to accrue (both before and after judgment) at the Interest Rate in the manner provided in this 
Condition 6 to the Relevant Date (as defined in Condition 6(i)). 
In the case of Class C Bonds and Class D Bonds only, if, on any Interest Payment Date, prior to 
delivery of an enforcement notice under Condition 11, there are insufficient funds available to the 
Issuer to pay such accrued interest, it will be treated as not having fallen due and will be deferred until 
the earlier of: (i) the next following Interest Payment Date on which the Issuer has, in accordance with 
the Issuer Pre-Enforcement Payments Priorities, sufficient funds available to pay such deferred 
amounts (including any interest accrued thereon); and (ii) the Interest Payment Date of the last 
maturing Bond which ranks in priority to the Class C Bonds or the Class D Bonds, as the case may be. 
Interest will accrue on such deferred interest at the rate otherwise payable on unpaid principal of such 
Class C Bonds or Class D Bonds, as the case may be. 
If any Maximum Interest Rate or Minimum Interest Rate is specified in the relevant Final Terms, then 
the Interest Rate shall in no event be greater than the maximum or be less than the minimum so 
specified, as the case may be, provided that the Minimum Interest Rate may not be less than zero. If no 
Minimum Interest Rate is specified in the relevant Final Terms then it shall be deemed to be zero.  
(b) 
Business Day Convention 
If any date referred to in these Conditions or the relevant Final Terms is specified to be subject to 
adjustment in accordance with a Business Day Convention and would otherwise fall on a day which is 
not a Business Day, then if the Business Day Convention specified in the relevant Final Terms is: 
(i) 
the Following Business Day Convention, such date shall be postponed to the next day which is 
a Business Day; 
(ii) 
the Modified Following Business Day Convention, such date shall be postponed to the next day 
which is a Business Day unless it would thereby fall into the next calendar month, in which 
event such date shall be brought forward to the immediately preceding Business Day; or 
(iii) 
the Preceding Business Day Convention, such date shall be brought forward to the immediately 
preceding Business Day. 
(c) 
Floating Rate Bonds 
This Condition 6(c) is applicable only if the relevant Final Terms specifies the Bonds as Floating Rate 
Bonds. The Interest Rate(s) payable from time to time in respect of the Floating Rate Bonds will be 
determined in the manner specified hereon and the provisions below relating to either Screen Rate 
Determination or ISDA Determination, depending upon which is specified in the applicable Final 
Terms.  
(i) 
Screen Rate Determination save where the Reference Rate is SONIA or SONIA Index 
I. 
If Screen Rate Determination is specified in the relevant Final Terms as the manner in 
which the Interest Rate(s) is/are to be determined, and the Reference Rate specified in

--- Page 152 ---
152 
the applicable Final Terms is not SONIA or SONIA Index, the Interest Rate applicable to 
the Bonds for each Interest Period will, subject as provided below, be either; 
(1) 
the offered quotation; or 
(2) 
the arithmetic mean of the offered quotations, 
(expressed as a percentage rate per annum) for the Reference Rate which appears or 
appear, as the case may be, on the Relevant Screen Page as at either 11.00 a.m. (London 
time in the case of LIBOR or Brussels time in the case of EURIBOR) on the Interest 
Determination Date in question as determined by the Agent Bank. If five or more of such 
offered quotations are available on the Relevant Screen Page, the highest (or, if there is 
more than one such highest quotation, one only of such quotations) and the lowest (or, if 
there is more than one such lowest quotation, one only of such quotations) shall be 
disregarded by the Agent Bank for the purpose of determining the arithmetic mean of 
such offered quotations. 
II. 
If, the Relevant Screen Page is not available or if sub-paragraph (I)(1) above applies and 
no such offered quotation appears on the Relevant Screen Page or, if sub-paragraph 
(I)(2) above applies and fewer than three such offered quotations appear on the Relevant 
Screen Page in each case as at the time specified above, subject as provided below, the 
Issuer (or an agent which the Issuer shall appoint at such time to request such quotations 
and select Reference Banks, a “Quotation Agent”) shall request, if the Reference Rate 
is LIBOR, the principal London office of each of the Reference Banks or, if the 
Reference Rate is EURIBOR, the principal Euro-zone office of each of the Reference 
Banks, to provide the Agent Bank with its offered quotation (expressed as a percentage 
rate per annum) for the Reference Rate if the Reference Rate is LIBOR, at 
approximately 11.00 a.m. (London time), or if the Reference Rate is EURIBOR, at 
approximately 11.00 a.m. (Brussels time) on the Interest Determination Date in question. 
If two or more of the Reference Banks provide the Agent Bank with such offered 
quotations, the Interest Rate for such Interest Period shall be the arithmetic mean of such 
offered quotations as determined by the Agent Bank. 
III. 
If paragraph (II) above applies and the Issuer (or a Quotation Agent) determines that 
fewer than two Reference Banks are providing offered quotations, subject as provided 
below, the Issuer shall notify the Agent Bank and the Interest Rate shall be the arithmetic 
mean of the rates per annum (expressed as a percentage) as communicated (at the 
request of the Issuer or the Quotation Agent) to the Agent Bank by the Reference Banks 
or any two or more of them, at which such banks were offered, if the Reference Rate is 
LIBOR, at approximately 11.00 a.m. (London time) or, if the Reference Rate is 
EURIBOR, at approximately 11.00 a.m. (Brussels time) on the relevant Interest 
Determination Date, deposits in the Relevant Currency for a period equal to that which 
would have been used for the Reference Rate by leading banks in, if the Reference Rate 
is LIBOR, the London inter-bank market or, if the Reference Rate is EURIBOR, the 
Euro-zone inter-bank market, as the case may be, or, if fewer than two of the Reference 
Banks provide the Agent Bank with such offered rates, the offered rate for deposits in 
the Relevant Currency for a period equal to that which would have been used for the 
Reference Rate, or the arithmetic mean of the offered rates for deposits in the Relevant 
Currency for a period equal to that which would have been used for the Reference Rate, 
at which, if the Reference Rate is LIBOR, at approximately 11.00 a.m. (London time) or, 
if the Reference Rate is EURIBOR, at approximately 11.00 a.m. (Brussels time), on the 
relevant Interest Determination Date, any one or more banks (which bank or banks is or 
are in the opinion of the Issuer (or the Quotation Agent, if any) suitable for such

--- Page 153 ---
153 
purpose) informs the Agent Bank it is quoting to leading banks in, if the Reference Rate 
is LIBOR, the London inter-bank market or, if the Reference Rate is EURIBOR, the 
Euro-zone inter-bank market, as the case may be, provided that, if the Interest Rate 
cannot be determined in accordance with the foregoing provisions of this paragraph, the 
Interest Rate shall be determined as at the last preceding Interest Determination Date 
(though substituting, where a different Margin or Maximum or Minimum Interest Rate is 
to be applied to the relevant Interest Period from that which applied to the last preceding 
Interest Period, the Margin or Maximum or Minimum Interest Rate relating to the 
relevant Interest Period, in place of the Margin or Maximum or Minimum Interest Rate 
relating to that last preceding Interest Period).  
(ii) 
ISDA Determination 
If ISDA Determination is specified in the relevant Final Terms as the manner in which the 
Interest Rate(s) is/are to be determined, the Interest Rate(s) applicable to the Bonds for each 
Interest Period will be the sum of the Margin and the relevant ISDA Rate where “ISDA Rate” 
in relation to any Interest Period means a rate equal to the Floating Rate (as defined in the ISDA 
Definitions) that would be determined by the Agent Bank under an interest rate swap 
transaction if the Agent Bank were acting as the agent calculating that interest rate swap 
transaction under the terms of an agreement incorporating the ISDA Definitions and under 
which: 
I. 
the Floating Rate Option (as defined in the ISDA Definitions) is as specified in the 
relevant Final Terms; 
II. 
the Designated Maturity (as defined in the ISDA Definitions) is the Specified Duration 
(as defined in Condition 6(i)); and 
III. 
the relevant Reset Date (as defined in the ISDA Definitions) is either (1) if the relevant 
Floating Rate Option is based on LIBOR for a currency, the first day of that Interest 
Period, (2) if the relevant Floating Rate Option is based on EURIBOR, the first day of 
that Interest Period or (3) in any other case, as specified in the relevant Final Terms, 
provided, however, that: 
I. 
if the Agent Bank is unable to determine a rate in accordance with the above provisions 
in relation to any Interest Period, then the Rate of Interest applicable to the next 
succeeding Interest Period shall be equal to the sum of the Margin (if applicable) and the 
rate or last determined in relation to the Bonds in respect of the immediately preceding 
Interest Period;  
II. 
to the extent that the ISDA Definitions require the Calculation Agent (as defined in the 
ISDA Definitions) to determine a commercially reasonable alternative in respect of a 
Floating Rate Option or to make any other adjustments in relation to the replacement of 
a Floating Rate Option, such provisions of the ISDA Definitions shall not apply to the 
Agent Bank and the provisions of Condition 6(j) (Benchmark Event) shall instead apply; 
and  
III. 
the definition of “Fallback Observation Day” in the ISDA Definitions shall be deemed 
deleted in its entirety and replaced with the following: “Fallback Observation Day” 
means, in respect of a Reset Date and the Calculation Period (or any Compounding 
Period included in that Calculation Period) to which that Reset Date relates, unless 
otherwise agreed, the day that is five Business Days preceding the related Payment Date. 
(iii) 
Screen Rate Determination where the Reference Rate is SONIA

--- Page 154 ---
154 
I. 
If Screen Rate Determination is specified in the relevant Final Terms as the manner in 
which the Interest Rate(s) is/are to be determined, and the Reference Rate specified in 
the applicable Final Terms is SONIA, the Interest Rate applicable to the Bonds for each 
Interest Period will be Compounded Daily SONIA as determined by the Agent Bank 
plus or minus the Margin (as specified in the applicable Final Terms). 
“Compounded Daily SONIA”, with respect to each Interest Period, will be calculated 
by the Agent Bank on the relevant Interest Determination Date, as follows, and the 
resulting percentage will be rounded if necessary to the fourth decimal place, with 
0.00005 per cent. being rounded upwards: 
 
where: 
“d” is the number of calendar days in:  
(a) where Lag is specified as the Observation Method in the applicable Final 
Terms, the relevant Interest Period; or  
(b) where Shift is specified as the Observation Method in the applicable Final 
Terms, the relevant Observation Period; 
“do” is the number of London Banking Days in: 
(a) where Lag is specified as the Observation Method in the applicable Final 
Terms, the relevant Interest Period; or  
(b) where Shift is specified as the Observation Method in the applicable Final 
Terms, the relevant Observation Period; 
“i” is a series of whole numbers from one to do, each representing the relevant London 
Banking Day in chronological order from, and including, the first London Banking Day 
in: 
(a) where Lag is specified as the Observation Method in the applicable Final 
Terms, the relevant Interest Period to, and including, the last London Banking Day in 
the relevant Interest Period; or  
(b) where Shift is specified as the Observation Method in the applicable Final 
Terms, the relevant Observation Period to, and including, the last London Banking 
Day in the relevant Interest Period; 
“London Banking Day” or “LBD” means any day on which commercial banks are 
open for general business (including dealing in foreign exchange and foreign currency 
deposits) in London; 
“ni” for any London Banking Day “i”, means, in the relevant Interest Period or 
Observation Period, the number of calendar days from and including such London 
Banking Day “i” up to but excluding the following London Banking Day; 
“Observation Method” is as specified in the applicable Final Terms; 
“Observation Period” means, in respect of an Interest Period, the period from and 
including the date falling “p” London Banking Days prior to the first day of the relevant

--- Page 155 ---
155 
Interest Period and ending on, but excluding, the date which is “p” London Banking 
Days prior to the Interest Payment Date for such Interest Period (or the date falling “p” 
London Banking Days prior to such earlier date, if any, on which the Bonds become due 
and payable);  
“p” is the number of London Banking Days included in the Reference Look-Back 
Period, as specified in the applicable Final Terms provided that “p” shall not be less 
than three London Banking Days at any time and shall not be less than five London 
Banking Days without prior written approval of the Agent Bank; 
“Relevant SONIA” means, in respect of any London Banking Day “i”: 
(a) where “Lag” is specified as the Observation Method in the applicable Final 
Terms, SONIAi-pLBD; or  
(b) where “Shift” is specified as the Observation Method in the applicable Final 
Terms, SONIAiLBD; 
“Reference Look-Back Period” is as specified in the applicable Final Terms; 
“Reference Period” means, in respect of an Interest Period, the period from and 
including the date falling “p” London Banking Days prior to the first day of such 
Interest Period and ending on, but excluding, the date falling “p” London Banking Days 
prior to the Interest Payment Date for such Interest Period (or the date falling “p” 
London Banking Days prior to such earlier date, if any, on which the Bonds become due 
and payable); 
the “SONIA Reference Rate”, in respect of any London Banking Day, is a reference 
rate equal to the daily Sterling Overnight Index Average (“SONIA”) rate for such 
London Banking Day as provided by the administrator of SONIA to authorised 
distributors and as then published on the Page or, if the Page is unavailable, as otherwise 
published by such authorised distributors (on the London Banking Day immediately 
following such London Banking Day); 
“SONIAiLBD” means in respect of any London Banking Day “i” the SONIA Reference 
Rate for such London Banking day “i”; and   
“SONIAi-pLBD” means, in respect of any London Banking Day, falling in the relevant 
Interest Period, the SONIA Reference Rate for the London Banking Day which is “p” 
London Banking Days prior to the relevant London Banking Day “i”. 
II. 
If, without prejudice to Condition 6(j) (Benchmark Event), in respect of any London 
Banking Day in the relevant Reference Period, the Agent Bank determines that the 
SONIA Reference Rate is not available on the Relevant Screen Page or has not 
otherwise been published by the relevant authorised distributors, such SONIA Reference 
Rate shall be:  
(a) 
(i) the Bank of England’s Bank Rate (the “Bank Rate”) prevailing at close of 
business on the relevant London Banking Day; plus (ii) the mean of the spread of 
the SONIA Reference Rate to the Bank Rate over the previous five days on 
which a SONIA Reference Rate has been published, excluding the highest spread 
(or, if there is more than one highest spread, one only of those highest spreads) 
and lowest spread (or, if there is more than one lowest spread, one only of those 
lowest spreads) to the Bank Rate; or 
(b) 
if the Bank Rate is not published by the Bank of England at close of business on 
the relevant London Banking Day, the SONIA Reference Rate published on the

--- Page 156 ---
156 
Relevant Screen Page (or otherwise published by the relevant authorised 
distributors) for the first preceding London Banking Day on which the SONIA 
Reference Rate was published on the Relevant Screen Page (or otherwise 
published by the relevant authorised distributors). 
III. 
Notwithstanding the paragraphs above, but without prejudice to Condition 6(j) 
(Benchmark Event), if the Bank of England publishes guidance as to (i) how the SONIA 
Reference Rate is to be determined or (ii) any rate that is to replace the SONIA 
Reference Rate, the Agent Bank shall, subject to receiving written instructions from the 
Issuer and to the extent reasonably practicable, follow such guidance in order to 
determine SONIA for the purpose of the Bonds for so long as the SONIA Reference 
Rate is not available or has not been published by the authorised distributors. 
IV. 
In the event that the Interest Rate cannot be determined in accordance with the foregoing 
provisions, but without prejudice to Condition 6(j) (Benchmark Event), the Interest Rate 
shall be (i) that determined as at the last preceding Interest Determination Date (though 
substituting, where a different Margin or Maximum or Minimum Interest Rate is to be 
applied to the relevant Interest Period from that which applied to the last preceding 
Interest Period, the Margin or Maximum or Minimum Interest Rate relating to the 
relevant Interest Period, in place of the Margin or Maximum or Minimum Interest Rate 
relating to that last preceding Interest Period) or (ii) if there is no such preceding Interest 
Determination Date, the initial Interest Rate which would have been applicable to such 
Bonds for the first Interest Period had the Bonds been in issue for a period equal in 
duration to the scheduled first Interest Period but ending on (and excluding) the Interest 
Commencement Date (but applying the Margin and any Maximum or Minimum Interest 
Rate applicable to the first Interest Period). 
V. 
For the avoidance of doubt, paragraphs (II) to (IV) above will apply prior to the 
application of Condition 6(j) (Benchmark Event) (if applicable). 
VI. 
If the relevant Series of Bonds become due and payable in accordance with Condition 11 
(Events of Default and Enforcement), the final Interest Determination Date shall, 
notwithstanding any Interest Determination Date specified in the Final Terms, be 
deemed to be the date on which such Bonds became due and payable and the Interest 
Rate on such Bonds shall, for so long as the Bonds remain outstanding, be that 
determined on such date. 
(iv) 
Screen Rate Determination where the Reference Rate is SONIA Index  
I. 
 If Screen Rate Determination is specified in the relevant Final Terms as the manner in 
which the Interest Rate(s) is/are to be determined, and the Reference Rate is specified 
in the applicable Final Terms as being SONIA Index, the Interest Rate applicable to the 
Bonds for each Interest Period will be Compounded Index SONIA as determined by 
the Agent Bank plus or minus the Margin (as specified in the applicable Final Terms).   
“Compounded Index SONIA”, with respect to each Interest Period, will be calculated 
by the Agent Bank on the relevant Interest Determination Date, as follows, and the 
resulting percentage will be rounded if necessary to the fourth decimal place, with 
0.00005 per cent. being rounded upwards:

--- Page 157 ---
157 
where:  
“d” is the number of calendar days from (and including) the day in relation to which 
SONIA Indexstart is determined to (but excluding) the day in relation to which SONIA 
Indexend is determined; and  
“London Banking Day” means any day on which commercial banks are open for 
general business (including dealing in foreign exchange and foreign currency deposits) 
in London; 
“p” is the number of London Banking Days included in the Reference Look-Back 
Period, as specified in the applicable Final Terms provided that “p” shall not be less 
than three London Banking Days at any time and shall not be less than five London 
Banking Days without prior written approval of the Agent Bank; 
“Reference Look-Back Period” is as specified in the applicable Final Terms; 
“SONIA Indexend” means the SONIA Index Value on the London Banking Day falling 
“p” London Banking Days before the last day of the relevant Interest Period (or in the 
final Interest Period, the Maturity Date);  
“SONIA Indexstart” means the SONIA Index Value on the London Banking Day 
falling “p” London Banking Days before the first day of the relevant Interest Period;  
“SONIA Index Value” means, with respect to any London Banking Day:  
(a) 
the value of the index known as the “SONIA Compounded Index” administered 
by the Bank of England (or any successor administrator thereof) as published 
by the Bank of England (or any successor administrator) on the Relevant Screen 
Page on the immediately following London Banking Day provided, however, 
that in the event that the value originally published is subsequently corrected 
and such corrected value is published by the Bank of England, as the 
administrator of SONIA (or any successor administrator of SONIA) on the 
original date of publication, then such corrected value, instead of the value that 
was originally published, shall be deemed the SONIA Index Value in relation to 
such London Banking Day; or 
(b) 
if the index in paragraph (a) is not published or displayed by the administrator 
of the SONIA rate or other information service on the relevant Interest 
Determination Date as specified in the applicable Final Terms, the Reference 
Rate for the applicable Interest Period for which the index is not available shall 
be SONIA determined in accordance with Condition 6(c)(iii) above as if 
SONIA Index is not specified as being the Reference Rate in the applicable 
Final Terms. For these purposes, the Reference Look-Back Period as specified 
in the relevant Final Terms shall apply and the Observation Method shall be 
deemed to be “Shift”, as if SONIA Index had not been specified as being 
applicable and these alternative elections had been made. For the avoidance of 
doubt, this paragraph (b) will apply prior to the application of Condition 6(j) 
(Benchmark Event) (if applicable).  
II. 
If the relevant Series of Bonds become due and payable in accordance with Condition 11 
(Events of Default and Enforcement), the final Interest Determination Date shall, 
notwithstanding any Interest Determination Date specified in the Final Terms, be 
deemed to be the date on which such Bonds became due and payable and the Interest 
Rate on such Bonds shall, for so long as the Bonds remain outstanding, be that 
determined on such date.

--- Page 158 ---
158 
Notwithstanding any term of these Conditions, for so long as any Class R Bonds are held by, for or on 
behalf of the Issuer, or any affiliate of the Issuer, such Class R Bonds will not accrue any interest. 
(d) 
Fixed Rate Bonds 
This Condition 6(d) is applicable only if the relevant Final Terms specifies the Bonds as Fixed Rate 
Bonds. 
The Interest Rate applicable to the Bonds for each Interest Period will be the fixed rate specified in the 
relevant Final Terms. 
(e) 
Indexed Bonds 
This Condition 6(e) is applicable only if the relevant Final Terms specifies the Bonds as Indexed 
Bonds. 
Payments of principal on, and the interest payable in respect of, the Bonds will be subject to 
adjustment for indexation and to the extent set out in Condition 7(b). The Interest Rate applicable to 
the Bonds for each Interest Period will be at the rate specified in the relevant Final Terms. 
(f) 
Rounding 
For the purposes of any calculations required pursuant to these Conditions (unless otherwise 
specified): 
(i) 
all percentages resulting from such calculations will be rounded, if necessary, to the nearest one 
hundred-thousandth of a percentage point (with 0.000005 of a percentage point being rounded 
up); 
(ii) 
all figures will be rounded to seven significant figures (provided that if the eighth significant 
figure is a 5 or greater, the seventh significant figure shall be rounded up); and 
(iii) 
all currency amounts which fall due and payable will be rounded to the nearest unit of such 
currency (with half a unit being rounded up). For these purposes, “unit” means, with respect to 
any currency other than euro, the lowest amount of such currency which is available as legal 
tender in the country of such currency and, with respect to euro, means 0.01 euro. 
(g) 
Calculations 
The amount of interest payable per Calculation Amount (as specified in the Final Terms) in respect of 
any Bond for each Interest Period shall be equal to the product of the Interest Rate, the Calculation 
Amount, and the Day Count Fraction (as defined in Condition 6(i)), for such Interest Period, unless an 
Interest Amount (or a formula for its calculation) is applicable to such Interest Period in which case the 
amount of interest payable per Calculation Amount in respect of such Bond for such Interest Period 
will equal such Interest Amount (or be calculated in accordance with such formula). In respect of any 
other period for which interest is required to be calculated, the provisions above shall apply save that 
the Day Count Fraction shall be for the period for which interest is required to be calculated. 
(h) 
Determination and Publication of Interest Rates, Interest Amounts, Redemption Amounts and 
Instalment Amounts 
As soon as practicable after the Relevant Time on each Interest Determination Date or such other time 
on such date as the Agent Bank may be required to calculate any Redemption Amount or Instalment 
Amount, obtain any quote or make any determination or calculation, the Agent Bank will determine 
the Interest Rate and calculate the Interest Amounts for the relevant Interest Period, calculate the 
Redemption Amount or Instalment Amount, obtain such quote or make such determination or 
calculation, as the case may be, and cause the Interest Rate and the Interest Amounts for each Interest 
Period and the relevant Interest Payment Date and, if required to be calculated, the Redemption

--- Page 159 ---
159 
Amount or any Instalment Amount to be notified, in the case of Bearer Bonds, to the Paying Agents or, 
in the case of Registered Bonds, the Transfer Agents and the Registrar, the Bond Trustee, the Issuer, 
the Bondholders and the Luxembourg Stock Exchange as soon as possible after its determination but in 
no event later than (i) (in case of notification to the Luxembourg Stock Exchange) the commencement 
of the relevant Interest Period, if determined prior to such time, in the case of an Interest Rate and 
Interest Amount, or (ii) in all other cases, the fourth Business Day after such determination. The 
Interest Amounts and the Interest Payment Date so published may subsequently be amended (or 
appropriate alternative arrangements made by way of adjustment) without notice in the event of an 
extension or shortening of the Interest Period. If the Bonds become due and payable under Condition 
11, the accrued interest and the Interest Rate payable in respect of the Bonds shall nevertheless 
continue to be calculated as previously provided in accordance with this Condition but no publication 
of the Interest Rate or the Interest Amount so calculated need be made unless otherwise required by the 
Bond Trustee. The determination of each Interest Rate, Interest Amount, Redemption Amount and 
Instalment Amount, the obtaining of each quote and the making of each determination or calculation 
by the Agent Bank or, as the case may be, the Bond Trustee pursuant to this Condition 6 or Condition 
7, shall (in the absence of manifest error) be final and binding upon all parties. 
(i) 
Agent Bank  
The Issuer will procure that there shall at all times be an Agent Bank if provision is made for them in 
these Conditions applicable to this Bond and for so long as it is outstanding. If the Agent Bank is 
unable or unwilling to act as such or if the Agent Bank fails duly to establish the Interest Rate for any 
Interest Period or to calculate the Interest Amounts or any other requirements, the Issuer will appoint a 
successor to act as such in its place. The Agent Bank may not resign its duties without a successor 
having been appointed as aforesaid. 
(j) 
Benchmark Event 
Notwithstanding the provisions above in Condition 6(c), if a Benchmark Event occurs in relation to an 
Original Reference Rate when any Interest Rate (or any component part thereof) remains to be 
determined by reference to such Original Reference Rate, then the Issuer shall notify the Agent Bank 
and the following provisions of this Condition 6(j) shall apply (provided that paragraphs (II) to (IV) of 
Condition 6(c)(iii) and paragraph (b) in the definition of SONIA Index Value shall apply prior to the 
provisions of this Condition 6(j)). 
(i) 
Independent Adviser. The Issuer shall use its reasonable endeavours to appoint an Independent 
Adviser, as soon as reasonably practicable, to determine a Successor Rate, failing which an 
Alternative Rate (in accordance with Condition 6(j)(ii)) and notify the Agent Bank of such 
determinations prior to the date which is 10 Business Days prior to the relevant Interest 
Determination Date and, in either case, an Adjustment Spread and any Benchmark Amendments 
(in accordance with Condition 6(j)(iv)). In making such determination, the Independent Adviser 
appointed pursuant to this Condition 6(j) shall act in good faith as an expert. In the absence of 
bad faith or fraud, the Independent Adviser shall have no liability whatsoever to the 
Bondholders, the Receiptholders or the Couponholders for any determination made by it, 
pursuant to this Condition 6(j).  
If (i) the Issuer is unable to appoint an Independent Adviser; or (ii) the Independent Adviser 
appointed by it fails to determine a Successor Rate or, failing which, an Alternative Rate in 
accordance with this Condition 6(j)(i), and/or notify the Agent Bank of such determinations 
prior to the date which is 10 Business Days prior to the relevant Interest Determination Date, 
the Interest Rate applicable to the next succeeding Interest Period shall be equal to the Interest 
Rate last determined in relation to the Bonds in respect of the immediately preceding Interest 
Period. If there has not been a first Interest Payment Date, the Interest Rate shall be the initial 
Interest Rate. Where a different Margin or Maximum or Minimum Interest Rate is to be applied

--- Page 160 ---
160 
to the relevant Interest Period from that which applied to the last preceding Interest Period, the 
Margin or Maximum or Minimum Interest Rate relating to the relevant Interest Period shall be 
substituted in place of the Margin or Maximum or Minimum Interest Rate relating to that last 
preceding Interest Period. For the avoidance of doubt, this paragraph shall apply to the relevant 
next succeeding Interest Period only and any subsequent Interest Periods are subject to the 
subsequent operation of, and to adjustment as provided in, the first paragraph of this Condition 
6(j)(i). 
(ii) 
Successor Rate or Alternative Rate. If the Independent Adviser determines that: 
(x) 
there is a Successor Rate, then such Successor Rate and the applicable Adjustment 
Spread shall subsequently be used in place of the Original Reference Rate to determine 
the Interest Rate (or the relevant component part thereof) for all future payments of 
interest on the Bonds (subject to the operation of this Condition 6(j)); or 
(y) 
there is no Successor Rate but that there is an Alternative Rate, then such Alternative 
Rate and the applicable Adjustment Spread shall subsequently be used in place of the 
Original Reference Rate to determine the Interest Rate (or the relevant component part 
thereof) for all future payments of interest on the Bonds (subject to the operation of 
this Condition 6(j)). 
(iii) 
Adjustment Spread. To the extent an Adjustment Spread is to be determined, the Adjustment 
Spread (or the formula or methodology for determining the Adjustment Spread) shall be applied 
to the Successor Rate or the Alternative Rate (as the case may be). If the Independent Adviser is 
unable to determine the quantum of, or a formula or methodology for determining, such 
Adjustment Spread, then the Issuer shall notify the Agent Bank and the Bondholders and the 
Successor Rate or Alternative Reference Rate (as applicable) will apply without an Adjustment 
Spread. 
(iv) 
Benchmark Amendments. If any Successor Rate or Alternative Rate and, in either case, the 
applicable Adjustment Spread is determined in accordance with this Condition 6(j) and the 
Independent Adviser determines (i) that amendments to these Conditions and/or the Trust Deed 
are necessary to ensure the proper operation of such Successor Rate or Alternative Rate and/or 
(in either case) the applicable Adjustment Spread provided that they do not, without the prior 
agreement of each Paying Agent or the Agent Bank, as applicable, have the effect of increasing 
the obligations or duties, or decreasing the rights or protections, of each such Paying Agent or 
the Agent Bank under these Conditions, the Trust Deed and/or any other Issuer Transaction 
Document, being (such amendments, the “Benchmark Amendments”) and (ii) the terms of the 
Benchmark Amendments, then the Issuer shall, subject to giving notice thereof in accordance 
with Condition 6(j)(v), without any requirement for the consent or approval of Bondholders 
vary these Conditions and/or the Trust Deed to give effect to such Benchmark Amendments 
with effect from the date specified in such notice.  
At the request of the Issuer, but subject to receipt by the Bond Trustee of a certificate signed by 
two Authorised Signatories of the Issuer pursuant to Condition 6(j)(v), the Bond Trustee shall 
(at the expense of the Issuer), without any requirement for the consent or approval of the 
Bondholders, be obliged to concur with the Issuer in effecting any Benchmark Amendments 
(including, inter alia, by the execution of a deed supplemental to or amending the Trust Deed), 
provided that the Bond Trustee shall not be obliged so to concur if in the opinion of the Bond 
Trustee doing so would impose more onerous obligations upon it or expose it to any additional 
duties, responsibilities or liabilities or reduce or amend the protective provisions or rights 
afforded to the Bond Trustee in these Conditions, the Trust Deed (including, for the avoidance 
of doubt, any supplemental trust deed) and/or any other Issuer Transaction Document in any 
way.

--- Page 161 ---
161 
In connection with any such variation in accordance with this Condition 6(j)(iv), the Issuer shall 
comply with the rules of any stock exchange on which the Bonds are for the time being listed or 
admitted to trading. 
(v) 
Notices. Any Successor Rate, Alternative Rate, Adjustment Spread and the specific terms of any 
Benchmark Amendments determined under this Condition 6(j) will be notified promptly by the 
Issuer to the Bond Trustee, the Agent Bank, the Paying Agents and, in accordance with 
Condition 17, the Bondholders. Such notice shall be irrevocable and shall specify the effective 
date, which shall be not less than ten Business Days prior to the next Interest Determination 
Date, of the Benchmark Amendments, if any.  
No later than notifying the Bond Trustee of the same, the Issuer shall deliver to the Bond 
Trustee, the Agent Bank and the Paying Agents a certificate signed by two Authorised 
Signatories of the Issuer: 
(x) 
confirming (i) that a Benchmark Event has occurred, (ii) the Successor Rate or, as the 
case may be, the Alternative Rate, (iii) the applicable Adjustment Spread and (iv) the 
specific terms of the Benchmark Amendments (if any), in each case as determined in 
accordance with the provisions of this Condition 6(j); and 
(y) 
certifying that the Benchmark Amendments (if any) are necessary to ensure the proper 
operation of such Successor Rate or Alternative Rate and (in either case) the applicable 
Adjustment Spread. 
Each of the Bond Trustee, the Agent Bank and the Paying Agents shall be entitled to rely on 
such certificate (without liability to any person) as sufficient evidence thereof. The Successor 
Rate or Alternative Rate and the Adjustment Spread and the Benchmark Amendments (if any) 
specified in such certificate will (in the absence of manifest error or bad faith in the 
determination of the Successor Rate or Alternative Rate and the Adjustment Spread and the 
Benchmark Amendments (if any) and without prejudice to the Bond Trustee’s or the Agent 
Bank’s or the Paying Agents’ ability to rely on such certificate as aforesaid) be binding on the 
Issuer, the Bond Trustee, the Agent Bank, the Paying Agents and the Bondholders. 
(vi) 
Uncertainty. Notwithstanding any other provision of this Condition 6, if in any Paying Agent's 
or the Agent Bank’s opinion there is any uncertainty between two or more alternative courses of 
action in making any determination or calculation under this Condition 6, the Agent Bank or 
applicable Paying Agent shall promptly notify the Issuer thereof and the Issuer shall direct the 
Agent Bank and/or Paying Agent in writing as to which alternative course of action to adopt. If 
the Agent Bank and/or Paying Agent is not promptly provided with such direction, or is 
otherwise unable to make such calculation or determination for any reason, it shall notify the 
Issuer thereof and the Agent Bank and Paying Agent shall be under no obligation to make such 
calculation or determination and shall not incur any liability for not doing so. 
(vii) 
Survival of Original Reference Rate. Without prejudice to the obligations of the Issuer under 
Condition 6(j)(i), (ii), (iii) and (iv), the Original Reference Rate and the fallback provisions 
provided for in Condition 6(c)(i) will continue to apply unless and until a Benchmark Event has 
occurred. 
(k) 
Definitions 
In these Conditions, unless the context otherwise requires, the following defined terms shall have the 
meanings set out below. 
“Adjustment Spread” means either (a) a spread (which may be positive, negative or zero) or (b) a 
formula or methodology for calculating a spread, in each case to be applied to the Successor Rate or 
the Alternative Rate (as the case may be) and is the spread, formula or methodology which:

--- Page 162 ---
162 
(i) 
in the case of a Successor Rate, is formally recommended in relation to the replacement of the 
Original Reference Rate with the Successor Rate by any Relevant Nominating Body;  
or (if no such recommendation has been made, or in the case of an Alternative Rate); 
(ii) 
the Independent Adviser determines is customarily applied to the relevant Successor Rate or the 
Alternative Rate (as the case may be) in international debt capital markets transactions to 
produce an industry-accepted replacement rate for the Original Reference Rate;  
or (if the Independent Adviser determines that no such spread is customarily applied); 
(iii) 
the Independent Adviser determines is recognised or acknowledged as being the industry 
standard for over-the-counter derivative transactions which reference the Original Reference 
Rate, where such rate has been replaced by the Successor Rate or the Alternative Rate (as the 
case may be); 
“Alternative Rate” means an alternative benchmark or screen rate which the Independent Adviser 
determines in accordance with Condition 6(j)(ii) is customarily applied in international debt capital 
markets transactions for the purposes of determining rates of interest (or the relevant component part 
thereof) in the same Relevant Currency as the Bonds; 
“Benchmark Amendments” has the meaning given to it in Condition 6(j)(iv); 
“Benchmark Event” means: 
(i) 
the Original Reference Rate ceasing to be published for a period of at least 5 Business Days or 
ceasing to exist; or 
(ii) 
a public statement by the administrator of the Original Reference Rate that it has ceased or that 
it will cease publishing the Original Reference Rate permanently or indefinitely (in 
circumstances where no successor administrator has been appointed that will continue 
publication of the Original Reference Rate); or 
(iii) 
a public statement by the supervisor of the administrator of the Original Reference Rate, that 
the Original Reference Rate has been or will be permanently or indefinitely discontinued; or 
(iv) 
a public statement by the supervisor of the administrator of the Original Reference Rate as a 
consequence of which the Original Reference Rate will be prohibited from being used either 
generally, or in respect of the Bonds; or 
(v) 
it has become unlawful for any Paying Agent, the Agent Bank or the Issuer to calculate any 
payments due to be made to any Bondholder using the Original Reference Rate; or 
(vi) 
a public statement by the regulatory supervisor for the administrator of the Benchmark 
announcing that the Benchmark is no longer representative of its relevant underlying market, 
provided that in the case of sub-paragraphs (ii), (iii) and (iv), the Benchmark Event shall occur on the 
date of the cessation of publication of the Original Reference Rate, the discontinuation of the Original 
Reference Rate, or the prohibition of use of the Original Reference Rate, as the case may be, and not 
the date of the relevant public statement; 
“Business Day” means: 
(i) 
in relation to any sum payable in euro, a TARGET Settlement Day and a day on which 
commercial banks and foreign exchange markets settle payments generally in each (if any) 
Additional Business Centre specified in the relevant Final Terms; and 
(ii) 
in relation to any sum payable in a currency other than euro, a day on which commercial banks 
and foreign exchange markets settle payments generally in the principal financial centre of the

--- Page 163 ---
163 
Relevant Currency (which in the case of a payment in sterling shall be London and in the case 
of payments in U.S. Dollars shall be New York) and in each (if any) Additional Business Centre 
specified in the relevant Final Terms,  
and, in each case, the day must be a Clearing System Business Day, where “Clearing System 
Business Day” means Monday to Friday inclusive except 25 December and 1 January. 
“Day Count Fraction” means, in respect of the calculation of an amount of interest on any Bond for 
any period of time (whether or not constituting an Interest Period, the “Calculation Period”): 
(i) 
if “Actual/Actual (ICMA)” is specified, the sum of, for each Determination Period (as 
specified in the Final Terms) contained either wholly or in part in the Calculation Period, the 
number of days in the Determination Period falling in the Calculation Period divided by the 
product of (x) the number of days in the Determination Period and (y) the number of 
Determination Dates (as specified in the Final Terms) that would occur in one calendar year; 
(ii) 
if “Actual/Actual” or “Actual/Actual-ISDA” is specified, the actual number of days in the 
Calculation Period divided by 365 (or, if any portion of that Calculation Period falls in a leap 
year, the sum of (1) the actual number of days in that portion of the Calculation Period falling in 
a leap year divided by 366, and (2) the actual number of days in that portion of the Calculation 
Period falling in a non-leap year divided by 365); 
(iii) 
if “Actual/365 (Fixed)” is specified, the actual number of days in the Calculation Period 
divided by 365; 
(iv) 
if “Actual/365 (Sterling)” is specified hereon, the actual number of days in the Calculation 
Period divided by 365 or, in the case of an Interest Payment Date falling in a leap year, 366; 
(v) 
if “Actual/360” is specified, the actual number of days in the Calculation Period divided by 
360; 
(vi) 
if “30/360”, “360/360” or “Bond Basis” is specified, the number of days in the Calculation 
Period divided by 360, calculated on a formula basis as follows:  
Day Count Fraction = 
[360 x (Y2 -Y1)] + [30 x (M2 -M1)]+ (D2 -D1) 
 
360 
 
where: 
“Y1” is the year, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the Calculation Period falls; 
“Y2” is the year, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately following the last day 
included in the Calculation Period falls; 
“M1” is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the Calculation 
Period falls; 
“M2” is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately following the 
last day included in the Calculation Period falls; 
“D1” is the first calendar day, expressed as a number, of the Calculation Period, unless such 
number would be 31, in which case D1 will be 30; and 
“D2” is the calendar day, expressed as a number, immediately following the last day included in 
the Calculation Period, unless such number would be 31 and D1 is greater than 29, in which 
case D2 will be 30; and

--- Page 164 ---
164 
(vii) 
if “30E/360” or “Eurobond Basis” is specified, the number of days in the Calculation Period 
divided by 360, calculated on a formula basis as follows: 
Day Count Fraction = 
[360 x (Y2 -Y1)] + [30 x (M2 -M1)]+ (D2 -D1) 
 
360 
where: 
“Y1” is the year, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the Calculation Period falls; 
“Y2” is the year, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately following the last day 
included in the Calculation Period falls; 
“M1” is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the Calculation 
Period falls; 
“M2” is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately following the 
last day included in the Calculation Period falls; 
“D1” is the first calendar day, expressed as a number, of the Calculation Period, unless such 
number would be 31, in which case D1 will be 30; and 
“D2” is the calendar day, expressed as a number, immediately following the last day included in 
the Calculation Period, unless such number would be 31, in which case D2 will be 30; and 
(viii) if “30E/360 (ISDA)” is specified, the number of days in the Calculation Period divided by 360, 
calculated on a formula basis as follows: 
Day Count Fraction = 
[360 x (Y2 -Y1)] + [30 x (M2 -M1)]+ (D2 -D1) 
 
360 
 
where: 
“Y1” is the year, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the Calculation Period falls; 
“Y2” is the year, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately following the last day 
included in the Calculation Period falls; 
“M1” is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the Calculation 
Period falls; 
“M2” is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately following the 
last day included in the Calculation Period falls; 
“D1” is the first calendar day, expressed as a number, of the Calculation Period, unless (i) that 
day is the last day of February or (ii) such number would be 31, in which case D1 will be 30; 
and 
“D2” is the calendar day, expressed as a number, immediately following the last day included in 
the Calculation Period, unless (i) that day is the last day of February but not the Maturity Date 
or (ii) such number would be 31, in which case D2 will be 30; 
“EURIBOR” means the rate for Euro deposits for such period as specified in the relevant Final Terms 
and for each Interest Period thereafter, for Euro deposits for the relevant Interest Period as determined 
by reference to the EURIBOR Rates display as quoted on the Dow Jones Reuters monitor as 
EURIBOR01 at 11.00 a.m. Brussels time. If the Dow Jones Routers Screen EURIBOR01 stops 
providing these quotations, the replacement service for the purposes of displaying this information will

--- Page 165 ---
165 
be used. If the replacement service stops displaying the information, any page showing this 
information may be used. If there is more than one replacement service displaying the information, the 
one approved in writing by the Agent Bank in its sole discretion will be used; 
“euro” means the lawful currency of the Participating Member States; 
“Euro-zone” means the region comprised of member states of the European Union that adopt the 
single currency in accordance with the Treaty establishing the European Community, as amended; 
“Independent Adviser” means an independent financial institution of international repute or an 
independent financial adviser with appropriate expertise appointed by, and at the expense of, the Issuer 
under Condition 6(j)(i); 
“Interest Amount” means:  
(i) 
in respect of an Interest Period, the amount of interest payable per Calculation Amount for that 
Interest Period and which, in the case of Fixed Rate Bonds, and unless otherwise specified in 
the relevant Final Terms, shall mean the Fixed Coupon Amount or Broken Amount specified as 
being payable on the Interest Payment Date ending the Interest Period; and 
(ii) 
in respect of any other period, the amount of interest payable per Calculation Amount for that 
period; 
“Interest Commencement Date” means the Issue Date or such other date as may be specified in the 
relevant Final Terms; 
“Interest Determination Date” means, with respect to an Interest Rate and an Interest Period, the date 
specified as such in the relevant Final Terms or, if none is so specified: (i) if the Reference Rate is not 
SONIA or SONIA Index, the day falling two Business Days in London prior to the first day of such 
Interest Period (or if the specified currency is sterling the first day of such Interest Period); or (ii) if the 
Reference Rate is SONIA or SONIA Index, the day falling five London Banking Days prior to the 
Interest Payment Date for such Interest Period, or such other day as approved in writing by the Agent 
Bank; 
“Interest Payment Date” means the date(s) specified as such in the relevant Final Terms; 
“Interest Period” means the period beginning on (and including) the Interest Commencement Date 
and ending on (but excluding) the first Interest Payment Date and each successive period beginning on 
(and including) an Interest Payment Date and ending on (but excluding) the next succeeding Interest 
Payment Date; 
“Interest Rate” means the rate of interest payable from time to time in respect of the Bonds and which 
is either specified in, or calculated in accordance with the provisions of, these Conditions and/or the 
relevant Final Terms; 
“ISDA Definitions” means the 2006 ISDA Definitions (as amended and updated as at the date of issue 
of the first Bonds of the relevant Sub-Class as published by the International Swaps and Derivatives 
Association, Inc.); 
“Issue Date” means the date specified in the relevant Final Terms;  
“Margin” means the rate per annum (expressed as a percentage) specified in the relevant Final Terms; 
“LIBOR” means the rate for U.S. dollar deposits for such period as specified in the relevant Final 
Terms and for each Interest Period thereafter, for U.S. dollar deposits for the relevant Interest Period as 
determined by reference to the Intercontinental Exchange LIBOR Rates display as quoted on the 
Bridge Reuters monitor as Reuters Screen LIBOR01 at 11.00 a.m. London time. If the Reuters Screen 
LIBOR01 stops providing these quotations, the replacement service for the purposes of displaying this

--- Page 166 ---
166 
information will be used. If the replacement service stops displaying the information, any page 
showing this information may be used. If there is more than one replacement service displaying the 
information, the one approved in writing by the Agent Bank in its sole discretion will be used; 
“Original Reference Rate” means the originally-specified benchmark or screen rate (as applicable) 
used to determine the Interest Rate (or any component part thereof) on the Bonds; 
“Participating Member State” means a Member State of the European Community which adopts the 
euro as its lawful currency in accordance with the Treaty establishing the European Community (as 
amended by the Treaty on European Union and the Treaty of Amsterdam), and “Participating 
Member States” means all of them; 
“Principal Amount Outstanding” means, in relation to a Bond, Sub-Class or Class, the original face 
value thereof less any repayment of principal made to the Holder(s) thereof in respect of such Bond, 
Sub-Class or Class; 
“Redemption Amount” means the amount provided under Condition 8(b), unless otherwise specified 
in the relevant Final Terms; 
“Reference Banks” means, in the case of a determination of LIBOR, the principal London office of 
four major banks in the London inter-bank market and, in the case of a determination of EURIBOR, 
the principal Euro-zone office of four major banks in the Euro-zone inter-bank market, in each case 
selected by the Issuer (or a Quotation Agent) or as specified in the relevant Final Terms; 
“Reference Rate” means the rate specified as such in the relevant Final Terms; 
“Relevant Currency” means the currency specified as such in the relevant Final Terms or, if none is 
specified, the currency in which the Bonds are denominated; 
“Relevant Date” means the earlier of (a) the date on which all amounts in respect of the Bonds have 
been paid, and (b) five days after the date on which all of the Principal Amount Outstanding has been 
received by the Principal Paying Agent or the Registrar, as the case may be, and notice to that effect 
has been given to the Bondholders in accordance with Condition 17; 
“Relevant Nominating Body” means, in respect of a benchmark or screen rate (as applicable): 
(i) 
the central bank for the currency to which the benchmark or screen rate (as applicable) relates, 
or any central bank or other supervisory authority which is responsible for supervising the 
administrator of the benchmark or screen rate (as applicable); or 
(ii) 
any working group or committee sponsored by, chaired or co-chaired by or constituted at the 
request of (a) the central bank for the currency to which the benchmark or screen rate (as 
applicable) relates, (b) any central bank or other supervisory authority which is responsible 
for supervising the administrator of the benchmark or screen rate (as applicable), (c) a group 
of the aforementioned central banks or other supervisory authorities or (d) the Financial 
Stability Board or any part thereof; 
“Relevant Screen Page” means such page, section, caption, column or other part of a particular 
information service as may be specified (or any successor or replacement page, section, caption, 
column or other part of a particular information service) in the Relevant Final Terms;  
“Specified Duration” means, with respect to any Floating Rate (as defined in the ISDA Definitions) to 
be determined on an Interest Determination Date, the Designated Maturity specified in the relevant 
Final Terms or, if none is specified, a period of time equal to the relative Interest Period; 
“Successor Rate” means a successor to or replacement of the Original Reference Rate which is 
formally recommended by any Relevant Nominating Body;

--- Page 167 ---
167 
“TARGET Settlement Day” means any day on which the TARGET system is open; and 
“TARGET system” means the Trans-European Automated Real-Time Gross Settlement Express 
Transfer (known as TARGET2) system which was launched on 19 November 2007 or any successor 
thereto. 
7 
Indexation 
This Condition 7 is applicable only if the relevant Final Terms specifies the Bonds as Indexed Bonds 
including Limited Indexed Bonds (as defined below). 
(a) 
Definitions 
“Base Index Figure” means (subject to Condition 7(c)(i)) the Base Index Figure as specified in the 
relevant Final Terms. 
“Index” or “Index Figure” means, in relation to any relevant month (as defined in Condition 7(c)(ii) 
(Delay in publication of index)), subject as provided in Condition 7(c)(i) (Change in base), (i) the UK 
Retail Price Index (RPI) (for all items) published by the Office for National Statistics (January 1987 = 
100) or any comparable index which may replace the UK Retail Price Index for the purpose of 
calculating the amount payable on repayment of the Reference Gilt, (ii) if CPI is specified in the 
relevant Final Terms, the UK Consumer Prices Index published by the Office for National Statistics 
(January 2015 = 100) or any comparable index which may replace the UK Consumer Prices Index for 
the purpose of calculating the amount payable on repayment of the Reference Gilt; or (iii) if CPIH is 
specified in the relevant Final Terms, the UK Consumer Prices Index including Owner Occupiers’ 
Housing costs and Council Tax published by the Office for National Statistics (January 2015 = 100) or 
any comparable index which may replace the UK Consumer Prices Index including Owner Occupiers’ 
Housing costs and Council Tax for the purpose of calculating the amount payable on repayment of the 
Reference Gilt.  
Any reference to the “Index Figure” applicable to a particular Calculation Date shall, subject as 
provided in Condition 7(c) and (e), and if “3 months lag” is specified in these terms and conditions of 
the Bonds, be calculated in accordance with the following formula: 
(
)
(
) (
)
3
m
RPI
2
m
RPI
Date
n
Calculatio
of
month
in
Days
1
Date
n
Calculatio
of
Day
3
m
RPI
IFA
−
−
−
×
−
+
−
=
 
and rounded to five decimal places (0.000005 being rounded upwards) and where: 
“IFA” means the Index Figure applicable; 
“RPIm–3” means the Index Figure for the first day of the month that is three months prior to the month 
in which the payment falls due; 
“RPIm–2” means the Index Figure for the first day of the month that is two months prior to the month 
in which the payment falls due; and 
“Calculation Date” means any date when a payment of interest or, as the case may be, principal falls 
due. 
 “Index Ratio” applicable to any month means the Index Figure applicable to such month divided by 
the Base Index Figure. 
“Limited Index Ratio” means (a) in respect of any month prior to the relevant Issue Date, the Index 
Ratio for that month; (b) in respect of any Limited Indexation Month after the relevant Issue Date, the 
product of the Limited Indexation Factor for that month and the Limited Index Ratio as previously 
calculated in respect of the month twelve months prior thereto; and (c) in respect of any other month,

--- Page 168 ---
168 
the Limited Index Ratio as previously calculated in respect of the most recent Limited Indexation 
Month. 
“Limited Indexation Factor” means, in respect of a Limited Indexation Month, the ratio of the Index 
Figure applicable to that month divided by the Index Figure applicable to the month twelve months 
prior thereto, provided that (a) if such ratio is greater than the Maximum Indexation Factor specified in 
the relevant Final Terms, it shall be deemed to be equal to such Maximum Indexation Factor and (b) if 
such ratio is less than the Minimum Indexation Factor specified in the relevant Final Terms, it shall be 
deemed to be equal to such Minimum Indexation Factor. 
“Limited Indexation Month” means any month specified in the relevant Final Terms for which a 
Limited Indexation Factor is to be calculated. 
“Limited Indexed Bonds” means Indexed Bonds to which a Maximum Indexation Factor and/or a 
Minimum Indexation Factor (as specified in the relevant Final Terms) applies.  
“Reference Gilt” means the Treasury Stock specified as such in the relevant Final Terms for so long as 
such stock is in issue, and thereafter such issue of index-linked Treasury Stock determined to be 
appropriate by a gilt-edged market maker or other adviser selected by the Issuer and approved by the 
Bond Trustee (an “Indexation Adviser”). 
(b) 
Application of the appropriate Index Ratio 
Each payment of interest and principal in respect of the Bonds shall be the amount provided in or 
determined in accordance with these Conditions, multiplied by the Index Ratio, or Limited Index Ratio 
in the case of Limited Indexed Bonds, applicable to the month in which such payment falls to be made 
and rounded to four decimal places (0.00005 being rounded upwards). 
(c) 
Changes in Circumstances Affecting the Index 
(i) 
Change in base: If at any time and from time to time the Index is changed by the substitution of 
a new base therefor, then with effect from the calendar month from and including which such 
substitution takes effect (1) the definition of “Index” and “Index Figure” in Condition 7(a) 
shall be deemed to refer to the new date or month in substitution for January 1987 or January 
2015, as applicable (or, as the case may be, to such other date or month as may have been 
substituted therefor), and (2) the new Base Index Figure shall be the product of the existing 
Base Index Figure (being as specified in the Final Terms) and the Index Figure immediately 
following such substitution, divided by the Index Figure immediately prior to such substitution. 
(ii) 
Delay in publication of Index: If the Index Figure relating to any month (the “relevant month”) 
which is required to be taken into account for the purposes of the determination of the Index 
Figure applicable to any date is not published on or before the fourteenth business day before 
the date on which any payment of interest or principal on the Bonds is due (the “date for 
payment”), the Index Figure applicable to the relevant month shall be (1) such substitute index 
figure (if any) as the Bond Trustee, considers to have been published by the Bank of England 
for the purposes of indexation of payments on the Reference Gilt or, failing such publication, on 
any one or more issues of index-linked Treasury Stock selected by an Indexation Advisor and 
approved by the Bond Trustee, or (2) if no such determination is made by such Indexation 
Adviser within 7 days, the Index Figure last published (or, if later, the substitute index figure 
last determined pursuant to Condition 7(c)(i)) before the date for payment. 
(d) 
Application of Changes 
Where the provisions of Condition 7(c)(ii) apply, the determination of the Indexation Adviser as to the 
Index Figure applicable to the month in which the date for payment falls shall be conclusive and

--- Page 169 ---
169 
binding. If, an Index Figure having been applied pursuant to Condition 7(c)(ii)(2), the Index Figure 
relating to the relevant month is subsequently published while a Bond is still outstanding, then: 
(i) 
in relation to a payment of principal or interest in respect of such Bond other than upon final 
redemption of such Bond, the principal or interest (as the case may be) next payable after the 
date of such subsequent publication shall be increased or reduced by an amount equal to 
(respectively) the shortfall or excess of the amount of the relevant payment made on the basis of 
the Index Figure applicable by virtue of Condition 7(c)(ii)(2), below or above the amount of the 
relevant payment that would have been due if the Index Figure subsequently published had 
been published on or before the fourteenth business day before the date for payment; and 
(ii) 
in relation to a payment of principal or interest upon final redemption, no subsequent 
adjustment to amounts paid will be made. 
(e) 
Cessation of or Fundamental Changes to the Index 
(i) 
If (1) the Bond Trustee has been notified by the Agent Bank that the Index has ceased to be 
published or (2) any change is made to the coverage or the basic calculation of the Index which 
constitutes a fundamental change which would, in the opinion of the Bond Trustee acting solely 
on the advice of an Indexation Adviser, be materially prejudicial to the interests of the 
Bondholders, the Bond Trustee will give written notice of such occurrence to the Issuer, and the 
Issuer and the Bond Trustee together shall seek to agree for the purpose of the Bonds one or 
more adjustments to the Index or a substitute index (with or without adjustments) with the 
intention that the same should leave the Issuer and the Bondholders in no better and no worse 
position than they would have been had the Index not ceased to be published or the relevant 
fundamental change not been made. 
(f) 
If the Issuer and the Bond Trustee fail to reach agreement as mentioned above within 20 business days 
following the giving of notice as mentioned in paragraph (i), a bank or other person in London shall 
be appointed by the Issuer and the Bond Trustee or, failing agreement on and the making of such 
appointment within 20 business days following the expiry of the 20 day period referred to above, by the 
Bond Trustee (in each case, such bank or other person so appointed being referred to as the 
“Expert”), to determine for the purpose of the Bonds one or more adjustments to the Index or a 
substitute index (with or without adjustments) with the intention that the same should leave the Issuer 
and the Bondholders in no better and no worse position than they would have been had the Index not 
ceased to be published or the relevant fundamental change not been made. Any Expert so appointed 
shall act as an expert and not as an arbitrator and all fees, costs and expenses of the Expert and of any 
Indexation Adviser and of any of the Issuer and the Bond Trustee in connection with such appointment 
shall be borne by the Issuer. 
(g) 
The Index shall be adjusted or replaced by a substitute index as agreed by the Issuer and the Bond 
Trustee or as determined by the Expert pursuant to the foregoing paragraphs, as the case may be, and 
references in these Conditions to the Index and to any Index Figure shall be deemed amended in such 
manner as the Bond Trustee and the Issuer agree are appropriate to give effect to such adjustment or 
replacement. Such amendments shall be effective from the date of such notification and binding upon 
the Bond Trustee, the Financial Guarantors, the other Issuer Secured Creditors, the Issuer and the 
Bondholders, and the Issuer shall give notice to the Bondholders in accordance with Condition 17 of 
such amendments as promptly as practicable following such notification. 
8 
Redemption, Purchase and Cancellation 
(a) 
Partial and Final Redemption 
Unless previously redeemed, or purchased and cancelled as provided below, or unless such Bond is 
stated in the relevant Final Terms as having no fixed maturity date, each Bond will be redeemed at its

--- Page 170 ---
170 
Principal Amount Outstanding (in the case of Indexed Bonds (and where Index Linked Redemption is 
specified in the relevant Final Terms), as adjusted in accordance with Condition 11, on the date or 
dates (or, in the case of Floating Rate Bonds, on the Interest Payment Date(s) upon which interest is 
payable) specified in the relevant Final Terms. 
(b) 
Optional Redemption 
Subject as provided below, upon giving not more than 60 nor less than 30 days’ notice to the Bond 
Trustee, the Issuer Security Trustee, the Issuer Instructing Group and the Bondholders, the Issuer may 
(prior to the Maturity Date) redeem any Sub-Class of the Bonds in whole or in part (but on a pro rata 
basis only) on any Interest Payment Date at their Redemption Amount, provided that Floating Rate 
Bonds may not be redeemed before the date specified in the relevant Final Terms, as follows: 
(i) 
In respect of Fixed Rate Bonds, the Redemption Amount will be an amount equal to the higher 
of (i) their Principal Amount Outstanding and (ii) the price determined to be appropriate by a 
financial adviser in London (selected by the Issuer and approved by the Bond Trustee) as being 
the price at which the Gross Redemption Yield (as defined below) on such Bonds on the 
Reference Date (as defined below) is equal to the Gross Redemption Yield at 3:00 p.m. 
(London time) on the Reference Date on the Benchmark Gilt (as defined below) while that 
stock is in issue, and thereafter such UK government stock as the Issuer may, with the advice of 
three persons operating in the gilt-edged market (selected by the Issuer and approved by the 
Bond Trustee) determine to be appropriate, plus accrued but unpaid interest on the Principal 
Amount Outstanding. 
For the purposes of this Condition 8(b)(i), “Gross Redemption Yield” means a yield expressed 
as a percentage and calculated on a basis consistent with the basis indicated by the United 
Kingdom Debt Management Office publication “Formulae for Calculating Gilt Prices from 
Yields” published 8 June 1998 with effect from 1 November 1998, page 4; “Reference Date” 
means the date which is two Business Days prior to the despatch of the notice of redemption 
under this Condition 8(b)(i); and “Benchmark Gilt” means the Treasury Stock specified in the 
relevant Final Terms. 
(ii) 
In respect of Floating Rate Bonds, the Redemption Amount will be the Principal Amount 
Outstanding plus any premium for early redemption in certain years (as specified in the relevant 
Final Terms) plus any accrued but unpaid interest on the Principal Amount Outstanding. 
(iii) 
In respect of Indexed Bonds, the Redemption Amount will be the higher of (i) the Principal 
Amount Outstanding (as adjusted in accordance with Condition 7(b)) and (ii) the price 
determined to be appropriate (without any additional indexation beyond the implicit indexation 
in such determined price) by a financial adviser in London (selected by the Issuer and approved 
by the Bond Trustee) as being the price at which the Gross Real Redemption Yield (as defined 
below) on the Bonds on the Reference Date (as defined below) is equal to the sum of: 
(A) 
the Gross Real Redemption Yield at 3:00 p.m. (London time) on the Reference Date on 
the Reference Gilt while that stock is in issue, and thereafter such UK government stock 
as the Issuer may, with the advice of three persons operating in the gilt-edged market, 
selected by the Issuer and approved by the Bond Trustee), determine to be appropriate; 
and 
(B) 
the Applicable Uplift (if any) specified in the relevant Final Terms or Drawdown 
Prospectus, 
plus accrued but unpaid interest (as adjusted in accordance with Condition 7(b)) on the 
Principal Amount Outstanding.

--- Page 171 ---
171 
For the purposes of this Condition 8(b)(iii), “Gross Real Redemption Yield” means a yield 
expressed as a percentage and calculated on a basis consistent with the basis indicated by the 
United Kingdom Debt Management Office publication “Formulae for calculating Gilt Prices 
from Yields” published 8 June 1998 with effect from 1 November 1998, and updated on 16 
March 2005 (as further updated, supplemented, amended or replaced from time to time), pages 
12 to 13 or any replacements therefor; “Reference Date” means the date which is two Business 
Days prior to the despatch of the notice of redemption under this Condition 8(b)(iii). 
In any such case, prior to giving any such notice, the Issuer must certify (as further specified in the 
Issuer Transaction Documents) to the Bond Trustee that it will have the funds, not subject to any 
interest of any other person, required to redeem the Bonds as aforesaid. 
(c) 
Redemption for Index Event, Taxation and Other Reasons 
Redemption for Index Events: Upon the occurrence of any Index Event (as defined below), the Issuer 
may, upon giving not more than 60 nor less than 30 days’ notice to the Bond Trustee, the Issuer 
Security Trustee, the Issuer Instructing Group and the holders of the Indexed Bonds in accordance with 
Condition 17, redeem all (but not some only) of the Indexed Bonds of all Sub-Classes on any Interest 
Payment Date at the Principal Amount Outstanding plus accrued but unpaid interest and any amounts 
in respect of indexation on such Indexed Bonds. No single Sub-Class of Indexed Bonds may be 
redeemed in these circumstances unless all the other Sub-Classes of Indexed Bonds are also redeemed 
at the same time. Before giving any such notice, the Issuer shall provide to the Bond Trustee the Issuer 
Security Trustee, and the Issuer Instructing Group a certificate signed by an authorised signatory (a) 
stating that the Issuer is entitled to effect such redemption and setting forth a statement of facts 
showing that the conditions precedent to the right of the Issuer so to redeem have occurred and (b) 
confirming that the Issuer will have sufficient funds on such Interest Payment Date to effect such 
redemption. 
“Index Event” means (i) if the Index Figure for three consecutive months falls to be determined on the 
basis of an Index Figure previously published as provided in Condition 7(c)(ii) and the Bond Trustee 
has been notified by the Agent Bank that publication of the Index has ceased or (ii) notice is published 
by Her Majesty’s Treasury, or on its behalf, following a change in relation to the Index, offering a right 
of redemption to the holders of the Reference Gilt, and (in either case) no amendment or substitution 
of the Index has been advised by the Indexation Advisor to the Issuer and such circumstances are 
continuing. 
Redemption for Taxation Reasons: In addition, if the Issuer satisfies the Bond Trustee that the Issuer 
would, on the next Interest Payment Date, become obliged to deduct or withhold from any payment of 
interest or principal in respect of the Bonds (other than in respect of default interest), any amount for 
or on account of any present or future taxes, duties, assessments or governmental charges of whatever 
nature imposed, levied, collected, withheld or assessed by the United Kingdom or any political 
subdivision thereof, or any other authority thereof or any change in the application or official 
interpretation of such laws or regulations, then the Issuer may, in order to avoid the relevant deduction 
or withholding, use its reasonable endeavours to arrange substitution of a company incorporated in 
another jurisdiction approved by the Bond Trustee as principal debtor under the Bonds and as lender 
under the Intercompany Loan Agreements upon satisfying the conditions for substitution of the Issuer 
as set out in the Issuer STID (and referred to in Condition 15(c)). If the Issuer is unable to arrange a 
substitution as described above and, as a result, the relevant deduction or withholding is continuing 
then the Issuer may, upon giving not more than 60 nor less than 30 days’ notice to the Bond Trustee, 
the Issuer Security Trustee, the Issuer Instructing Group and the Bondholders in accordance with 
Condition 17, redeem all (but not some only) of the Bonds of all Sub-Classes on any Interest Payment 
Date at their Principal Amount Outstanding plus accrued but unpaid interest thereon and, in the case of 
Indexed Bonds, amounts in respect of indexation. Before giving any such notice, the Issuer shall

--- Page 172 ---
172 
provide to the Bond Trustee, the Issuer Security Trustee and the Issuer Instructing Group a certificate 
signed by an authorised signatory (a) stating that the Issuer is entitled to effect such redemption and 
setting forth a statement of facts showing that the conditions precedent to the right of the Issuer so to 
redeem have occurred and (b) confirming that the Issuer will have sufficient funds on such Interest 
Payment Date to discharge all its liabilities in respect of the Bonds and any amounts to be paid in 
priority to, or pari passu with, the Bonds under the Issuer Pre-Enforcement Payments Priorities. 
Redemption on Prepayment of Intercompany Loan Agreement: If DCC gives notice to the Issuer under 
an Intercompany Loan Agreement that it intends to prepay all or part of any advance made under such 
Intercompany Loan Agreement and such advance was funded by the Issuer from the proceeds of the 
issue of a Sub-Class of Bonds, the Issuer shall, upon giving not more than 60 nor less than 30 days’ 
notice to the Bond Trustee, the Issuer Security Trustee, the Issuer Instructing Group and the 
Bondholders in accordance with Condition 17, (where such advance is being prepaid in whole) redeem 
all of the Bonds of that Sub-Class or (where part only of such advance is being prepaid) the proportion 
of the relevant Sub-Class of Bonds which the proposed prepayment amount bears to the amount of the 
relevant advance. In the case of a voluntary prepayment, the relevant Bonds will be redeemed at their 
Redemption Amount plus accrued but unpaid interest and, in the case of any other prepayment, the 
relevant Bonds will be redeemed at their Principal Amount Outstanding plus accrued but unpaid 
interest. 
(d) 
Purchase of Bonds other than R Bonds 
The Issuer may, provided that no Issuer Event of Default has occurred and is continuing, purchase 
Bonds other than Class R Bonds (or any of them) (provided that all unmatured Receipts and Coupons 
and unexchanged Talons (if any) appertaining thereto are attached or surrendered therewith) in the 
open market or otherwise at any price. Any purchase by tender shall be made available to all 
Bondholders alike. 
If not all the Bonds which are in registered form are to be purchased, upon surrender of the existing 
Registered Bond Certificate, the Registrar shall forthwith upon the written request of the Bondholder 
concerned issue a new Registered Bond Certificate in respect of the Bonds which are not to be 
purchased and despatch such Registered Bond Certificate to the Bondholder (at the risk of the 
Bondholder and to such address as the Bondholder may specify in such request). 
Whilst the Bonds are represented by a Global Bond or Registered Global Bond (as defined below), the 
relevant Global Bond or Registered Global Bond will be endorsed to reflect the Principal Amount 
Outstanding of Bonds to be so redeemed or purchased. 
(e) 
Purchase of Class R Bonds 
(i) 
The Issuer may purchase Class R Bonds on any day in the open market at any price which does 
not exceed their Principal Amount Outstanding plus accrued interest and in relation to such 
purchase shall, for so long as the Class R Bonds are admitted to trading on the regulated market 
of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange, comply with all applicable regulations of the Luxembourg 
Stock Exchange and may, at its option, hold, resell or cancel any such Class R Bonds held by it 
from time to time, provided that the Issuer shall not be entitled to resell such Class R Bonds: 
(a) 
if any Issuer Event of Default exists; or 
(b) 
(in the case of any Class R Extension Amount (as defined in Condition 8(e)(vi)) if any 
DCC Event of Default (as defined under the Master Framework Agreement) exists. 
(ii) 
The Issuer will save where an Issuer Event of Default exists) on any Interest Payment Date 
repurchase all Class R Bonds outstanding on each Interest Payment Date at a price which is 
equal to their Principal Amount Outstanding, plus accrued but unpaid interest thereon. The

--- Page 173 ---
173 
Issuer may at its option cancel, hold or resell all or any of the Class R Bonds so purchased, 
provided that the Issuer shall not be entitled to resell any such Class R Bonds: 
(a) 
if any Issuer Event of Default exists; or 
(b) 
(in the case of any Class R Extension Amount) if any DCC Event of Default exists. 
(iii) 
If, by virtue of the operation of Condition 8(e)(ii), the Issuer is not obliged to repurchase the 
Class R Bonds on any Interest Payment Date, the Issuer shall, immediately upon becoming 
aware that it will not be repurchasing such Class R Bonds by virtue of the operation of 
Condition 8(e)(ii) (and in any event, by no later than 11.00 a.m. on the Interest Payment Date 
upon which it would otherwise have repurchased such Class R Bonds), give notice to the Class 
R Bondholders, the Rating Agencies and the Principal Paying Agent (in the case of Bearer 
Bonds) and the Transfer Agents and the Registrar (in the case of Registered Bonds), in 
accordance with the provisions of Condition 17, specifying the amount of Class R Bonds which 
will not be repurchased on such Interest Payment Date. 
(iv) 
Notwithstanding the provisions of Conditions 8(e)(i) and 8(e)(ii), the Issuer shall not be entitled 
to resell any Class R Bonds which it has repurchased following the occurrence of any of the 
events referred to in sub-paragraphs (a), (b) or (c) of either of Conditions 8(e)(i) and 8(e)(ii). 
Further, while any Issuer Event of Default exists, Class R Bonds may not be repurchased and 
shall only be redeemed in accordance with Conditions 8(b) and (c). Any Class R Bonds so 
redeemed shall be cancelled upon redemption. The Class R Bonds (if any) which are the first 
Class R Bonds to be resold by the Issuer following the occurrence of any of the events referred 
to in sub-paragraphs (b) or (c) of either of Conditions 8(e)(i) and 8(e)(ii) shall be deemed to be, 
and shall for all purposes be treated as, Class R Extension Amounts of the relevant Class. 
(v) 
In these Conditions: 
“Affiliate” means in relation to any person, any entity controlled, directly or indirectly, by that 
person, any entity that controls directly or indirectly, that person or any entity, directly or 
indirectly under common control with that person and, for this purpose, “control” means 
control as defined in the Companies Act 2006; 
“Class R Extension Amount” means the amount (if any) by which, on any Class R Further 
Drawing Date, the face value of the Class R Bonds being resold by the Issuer on such day 
exceeds the Principal Amount Outstanding of the Class R Bonds held by persons, other than the 
Issuer or any affiliate of the Issuer, on the day which immediately preceded such Class R 
Further Drawing Date; and 
“Class R Further Drawing Date” means any date upon which Class R Bonds are resold. 
(f) 
Redemption by Instalments 
Unless previously redeemed, purchased and cancelled as provided in this Condition 8, each Bond 
which provides for Instalment Dates (as specified in the relevant Final Terms) and Instalment Amounts 
(as specified in the relevant Final Terms) will be partially redeemed on each Instalment Date at the 
Instalment Amount. 
(g) 
Cancellation 
In respect of all Bonds purchased by or on behalf of the Issuer other than as provided in Condition 
8(e), the Bearer Bonds or the Registered Bond Certificates shall be surrendered to or to the order of the 
Principal Paying Agent or the Registrar, as the case may be, for cancellation and, if so surrendered, 
will, together with all Bonds redeemed by the Issuer, be cancelled forthwith (together with, in the case 
of Bearer Bonds, all unmatured Receipts and Coupons and unexchanged Talons attached thereto or

--- Page 174 ---
174 
surrendered therewith). Any Bonds so surrendered for cancellation may not be reissued or resold and 
the obligations of the Issuer in respect of any such Bonds shall be discharged. 
9 
Payments 
(a) 
Bearer Bonds 
Payments to the Bondholders of principal (or, as the case may be, Redemption Amounts or other 
amounts payable on redemption) and interest (or, as the case may be, Interest Amounts) in respect of 
Bearer Bonds will, subject as mentioned below, be made against presentation and surrender of the 
relevant Receipts (in the case of payment of Instalment Amounts other than on the due date for final 
redemption and provided that the Receipt is presented for payment together with its relative Bond), 
Bonds (in the case of all other payments of principal and, in the case of interest, as specified in 
Condition 9(f)) or Coupons (in the case of interest, save as specified in Condition 9(f)), as the case 
may be, at the specified office of any Paying Agent outside the United States of America by transfer to 
an account denominated in the currency in which such payment is due with, or (in the case of 
Definitive Bonds only) a cheque payable in that currency drawn on, a bank in (i) the principal financial 
centre of that currency provided that such currency is not euro, or (ii) the principal financial centre of 
any Participating Member State if that currency is euro. 
(b) 
Registered Bonds 
Payments of principal (or, as the case may be, Redemption Amounts) in respect of Registered Bonds 
will be made to the holder (or the first named of joint holders) of such Bond against presentation and 
surrender of the relevant Registered Bond Certificate at the specified office of the Registrar and in the 
manner provided in Condition 9(a). 
Payments of instalments in respect of Registered Bonds will be made to the holder (or the first named 
of joint holders) of such Bond against presentation of the relevant Registered Bond Certificate at the 
specified office of the Registrar in the manner provided in Condition 9(a) above and annotation of such 
payment on the Register and the relevant Registered Bond Certificate. 
Interest (or, as the case may be, Interest Amounts) on Registered Bonds payable on any Interest 
Payment Date will be paid to the holder (or the first named if joint holders) on the fifteenth day before 
the due date for payment thereof (the “Record Date”). Payment of interest or Interest Amounts on 
each Registered Bond will be made in the currency in which such payment is due by cheque drawn on 
a bank in (a) the principal financial centre of the country of the currency concerned, provided that such 
currency is not euro, or (b) the principal financial centre of any Participating Member State if that 
currency is euro and mailed to the holder (or to the first named of joint holders) of such Bond at its 
address appearing in the Register. Upon application by the Bondholder to the specified office of the 
Registrar before the relevant Record Date, such payment of interest may be made by transfer to an 
account in the relevant currency maintained by the payee with a bank in (a) the principal financial 
centre of the country of that currency provided that such currency is not euro, or (b) the principal 
financial centre of any Participating Member State if that currency is euro. 
(c) 
Payments in the United States of America 
Notwithstanding the foregoing, if any Bearer Bonds are denominated in U.S. dollars, payments in 
respect thereof may be made at the specified office of any Paying Agent in New York City in the same 
manner as aforesaid if: 
(i) 
the Issuer shall have appointed Paying Agents with specified offices outside the United States 
of America with the reasonable expectation that such Paying Agents would be able to make 
payment of the amounts on the Bonds in the manner provided above when due;

--- Page 175 ---
175 
(ii) 
payment in full of such amounts at all such offices is illegal or effectively precluded by 
exchange controls or other similar restrictions on payment or receipt of such amounts; and 
(iii) 
such payment is then permitted by the law of the United States of America, without involving, 
in the opinion of the Issuer, adverse tax consequences to the Issuer. 
(iv) 
Payments subject to fiscal laws; payments on Global Bonds and Registered Bonds 
All payments are subject in all cases to any applicable fiscal or other laws, regulations and directives, 
but without prejudice to the provisions of this Condition 9. No commission or expenses shall be 
charged to the Bondholders, Couponholders or Receiptholders (if any) in respect of such payments. 
Payments of principal (or Redemption Amounts) and interest (or Interest Amounts) in respect of the 
Bearer Bonds when represented by a Global Bond or Registered Global Bond will be made against 
presentation and surrender or, as the case may be, presentation of the Global Bond or Registered 
Global Bond at the specified office of the Principal Paying Agent or the Registrar, as the case may be, 
subject in all cases to any fiscal or other laws, regulations and directives applicable in the place of 
payment to the Issuer, the Principal Paying Agent, the Registrar or the holder. A record of each 
payment so made will be endorsed on the schedule to the Global Bond or the Registered Global Bond 
by or on behalf of the Principal Paying Agent or Registrar, as the case may be, which endorsement 
shall be prima facie evidence that such payment has been made. 
The holder of a Global Bond or Registered Global Bond shall be the only person entitled to receive 
payments of principal (or Redemption Amounts) and interest (or Interest Amounts) on the Global Bond 
or Registered Global Bond (as the case may be) and the Issuer will be discharged by payment to, or to 
the order of, the holder of such Global Bond or Registered Global Bond in respect of each amount 
paid. 
(d) 
Appointment of the Agents 
The Paying Agents, the Agent Bank, the Transfer Agents and the Registrar (the “Agents”) appointed 
by the Issuer (and their respective specified offices are listed in the Paying Agency Agreement) or as 
otherwise appointed pursuant to the Paying Agency Agreement are specified in the relevant Final 
Terms. The Agents act solely as agents of the Issuer and do not assume any obligation or relationship 
of agency or trust for or with any holder. The Issuer reserves the right, with the prior written consent of 
the Bond Trustee, at any time to vary or terminate the appointment of any Agent, and to appoint 
additional or other Agents, provided that the Issuer will at all times maintain (i) a Principal Paying 
Agent, (ii) a Paying Agent in Luxembourg (so long as any Bonds remain listed on the Luxembourg 
Stock Exchange) and (iii) (while any Registered Bonds remain outstanding) a Transfer Agent in 
Luxembourg (so long as any Bonds remain listed on the Luxembourg Stock Exchange) and a 
Registrar, each having a specified office in a European city which, if the Bonds are admitted to listing 
on a listing authority, stock exchange and/or quotation system and such listing authority, stock 
exchange and/or quotation system require the appointment of a Paying Agent in a particular place, 
shall be such place.  
(e) 
Unmatured Coupons and Receipts and unexchanged Talons 
(i) 
Subject to the provisions of the relevant Final Terms, upon the due date for redemption of any 
Bond which is a Bearer Bond, unmatured Coupons and Receipts relating to such Bond (whether 
or not attached) shall become void and no payment shall be made in respect of them. 
(ii) 
Upon the date for redemption of any Bond, any unmatured Talon relating to such Bond 
(whether or not attached) shall become void and no Coupon shall be delivered in respect of 
such Talon.

--- Page 176 ---
176 
(iii) 
Upon the due date for redemption of any Bond which is redeemable in instalments, all Receipts 
relating to such Bond having an Instalment Date falling on or after such due date (whether or 
not attached) shall become void and no payment shall be made in respect of them. 
(iv) 
Where any Bond, which is a Bearer Bond, is presented for redemption without all unmatured 
Coupons and any unexchanged Talon relating to it, and where any Bearer Bond is presented for 
redemption without any unexchanged Talon relating to it, redemption shall be made only 
against the provision of such indemnity as the Issuer may require. 
(v) 
If the due date for redemption of any Bond is not a due date for payment of interest or an 
Interest Amount, interest accrued from the preceding due date for payment of interest or the 
Interest Commencement Date, as the case may be, or the Interest Amount payable on such date 
for redemption shall only be payable against presentation (and surrender if appropriate) of the 
relevant Bond and Coupon. 
(f) 
Non-Business Days 
Subject as provided in the relevant Final Terms, if any date for payment in respect of any Bond, 
Receipt or Coupon is not a business day, the holder shall not be entitled to payment until the next 
following business day nor to any interest or other sum in respect of such postponed payment. In this 
paragraph, “business day” means a day (other than a Saturday or a Sunday) on which banks are open 
for presentation and payment of debt securities and for dealings in foreign currency in London and in 
the relevant place of presentation and in the other cities referred to in the definition of Business Days 
and specified as “Relevant Financial Centres” in the relevant Final Terms and (in the case of a payment 
in a currency other than euro), where payment is to be made by transfer to an account maintained with 
a bank in the relevant currency, on which dealings may be carried on in the relevant currency in the 
principal financial centre of the country of such currency or (in the case of a payment in euro) which is 
a TARGET Settlement Day. 
(g) 
Talons 
On or after the Interest Payment Date for the final Coupon forming part of a coupon sheet issued in 
respect of any Bond, the Talon forming part of such coupon sheet may be surrendered at the specified 
office of any Paying Agent in exchange for a further coupon sheet (and if necessary another Talon for a 
further coupon sheet) (but excluding any Coupons which may have become void pursuant to Condition 
13). 
10 Taxation 
All payments in respect of the Bonds, Receipts or Coupons will be made (whether by the Issuer, any Paying 
Agent, the Registrar, the Bond Trustee, the Issuer Security Trustee or the relevant Financial Guarantor, in 
respect of Class A Bonds) without withholding or deduction for, or on account of, any present or future taxes, 
duties or charges of whatsoever nature unless the Issuer, any Paying Agent or the Registrar or, where 
applicable, the Bond Trustee, the Issuer Security Trustee or the relevant Financial Guarantor is required by 
applicable law to make any payment in respect of the Bonds, Receipts or Coupons subject to any withholding 
or deduction for, or on account of, any present or future taxes, duties or charges of whatsoever nature. In that 
event, the Issuer, such Paying Agent, the Registrar, the Bond Trustee, the Issuer Security Trustee or the 
relevant Financial Guarantor, as the case may be, shall make such payment after such withholding or 
deduction has been made and shall account to the relevant authorities for the amount so required to be 
withheld or deducted. None of the Issuer, any Paying Agent, the Registrar, the Bond Trustee, the Issuer 
Security Trustee or the relevant Financial Guarantor will be obliged to make any additional payments to the 
Bondholders, Receiptholders or the Couponholders in respect of such withholding or deduction. The Issuer, 
any Paying Agent, the Registrar, the Bond Trustee or the relevant Financial Guarantor may require holders to 
provide such certifications and other documents as required by applicable law in order to qualify for 
exemptions from applicable tax laws.

--- Page 177 ---
177 
Notwithstanding any other provision of the Terms and Conditions, any amounts to be paid on the Bonds by or 
on behalf of the Issuer will be paid net of any deduction or withholding imposed or required pursuant to an 
agreement described in Section 1471(b) of the U.S. Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended (the 
“Code”), or otherwise imposed pursuant to Sections 1471 through 1474 of the Code (or any regulations 
thereunder or official interpretations thereof) or an intergovernmental agreement between the United States 
and another jurisdiction facilitating the implementation thereof (or any fiscal or regulatory legislation, rules or 
practices implementing such an intergovernmental agreement) (any such withholding or deduction, a 
“FATCA Withholding”). Neither the Issuer nor any other person will be required to pay any additional 
amounts in respect of FATCA Withholding. 
11 Events of Default and Enforcement 
(a) 
Issuer Events of Default 
If an Issuer Event of Default (as defined below) occurs and is continuing, then, subject always to the 
terms of the Issuer STID, the Bond Trustee may at any time and shall (subject, in the case of any of the 
events referred to in paragraph (ii) below, to the Bond Trustee (in accordance with the provisions of the 
Trust Deed and the Issuer STID) having certified in writing that in its opinion the happening of such 
event is materially prejudicial to the Bondholders), upon the Bond Trustee being (i) so requested in 
writing by holders of at least one quarter in Principal Amount Outstanding of the Most Senior Class of 
Bonds (as defined below) then outstanding or if so directed by an Extraordinary Resolution (as defined 
below) of the Most Senior Class of Bonds then outstanding; and (ii) indemnified and/or secured to its 
satisfaction, subject to the directions of the Issuer Instructing Group, give notice to the Issuer and the 
Issuer Security Trustee that the Bonds of all Sub-Classes of every Class and Series are, and they shall 
immediately become, due and repayable, at their respective Redemption Amounts. 
Each of the following will constitute an “Issuer Event of Default” under the Bonds: 
(i) 
if default is made in the payment of any sum due in respect of the Bonds (or any Sub-Class of 
them); or 
(ii) 
if the Issuer fails to perform or observe any of its obligations (other than payment obligations 
referred to in (i) above) under the Bonds (including these Conditions) and, if the Bond Trustee 
considers that such default can be remedied, such failure continues for a period of 30 days (or 
such longer period as the Bond Trustee may permit) following the service by the Bond Trustee 
on the Issuer of notice requiring the same to be remedied; or 
(iii) 
if any order is made by any competent court or any resolution passed for the winding up or 
dissolution of the Issuer or an order is made for the Issuer’s bankruptcy (or any analogous 
proceedings) save for the purposes of amalgamation, merger, consolidation, reorganisation or 
other similar arrangement on terms approved by the Bond Trustee or as otherwise permitted 
pursuant to these Conditions; or 
(iv) 
if (1) any other proceedings are initiated against the Issuer under any applicable liquidation, 
bankruptcy, insolvency, composition, reorganisation, readjustment or other similar laws and 
such proceedings are not being disputed in good faith, or (2) an administrative receiver or other 
receiver, administrator or other similar official is appointed in relation to the Issuer or in 
relation to the whole or any substantial part of the undertaking or assets of the Issuer or (3) an 
encumbrancer takes possession of the whole or any substantial part of the undertaking or assets 
of the Issuer or (4) a distress or execution or other process is levied or enforced upon or sued 
out against the whole or any substantial part of the undertaking or assets of the Issuer and in any 
of the foregoing cases (other than in relation to the circumstances described in (2) where no 
grace period shall apply) such order, appointment, possession or process (as the case may be) is 
not discharged or stayed or does not cease to apply within 14 days; or

--- Page 178 ---
178 
(v) 
if the Issuer initiates or consents to judicial proceedings relating to itself (except in accordance 
with paragraph (iii) above) under any applicable liquidation, bankruptcy, insolvency, 
composition, reorganisation, readjustment or other similar laws or makes a conveyance or 
assignment for the benefit of its creditors generally; or 
(vi) 
if the Issuer becomes insolvent or is adjudicated or found bankrupt; or 
(vii) 
any acceleration under any Intercompany Loan Agreement. 
“Most Senior Class of Bonds” means (i) the Class A Bonds, Class B Bonds and Class R Bonds 
outstanding acting together in a single meeting whether by means of an Extraordinary Resolution or a 
request of at least one quarter of Principal Amount Outstanding of the holders thereof or (ii) if no Class 
A Bonds, Class B Bonds or Class R Bonds are outstanding, the outstanding Class C Bonds acting 
together in a single meeting whether by means of an Extraordinary Resolution or a request of Principal 
Amount Outstanding of at least one quarter of the holders thereof or (iii) if no Class A Bonds, Class B 
Bonds, Class R Bonds or Class C Bonds are outstanding, the outstanding Class D Bonds acting 
together in a single meeting whether by means of an Extraordinary Resolution or a request of Principal 
Amount Outstanding of at least one quarter of the holders thereof. 
(b) 
Confirmation of No Issuer Event of Default 
The Issuer shall provide written confirmation to the Bond Trustee, on an annual basis, that no Issuer 
Event of Default or other matter which is required to be brought to the Bond Trustee’s attention has 
occurred. 
(c) 
Enforcement of security 
If the Bond Trustee gives written notice to the Issuer and the Issuer Security Trustee that the Bonds of 
all Sub-Classes of each Series are immediately due and repayable, the Issuer Security Trustee, acting 
on the instructions of the Issuer Instructing Group, shall enforce the Issuer Security as specified in 
Condition 4(d). 
The Bond Trustee will not have any rights to call for repayment of the Bonds following the occurrence 
of an Issuer Event of Default except as provided in Condition 11(a) and the Issuer STID and 
enforcement of the Issuer Security by the Issuer Security Trustee will be subject to the provisions of 
the Issuer STID. 
(d) 
Automatic Acceleration 
In the event of (i) the acceleration of any of the Issuer’s other obligations under the Issuer Transaction 
Documents and/or (ii) the acceleration of any DCC Secured Liabilities (as defined in the DCC STID), 
the Bonds of all Sub-Classes of every Class and Series are, and they shall immediately become, due 
and repayable, at their respective Principal Amounts Outstanding plus accrued and unpaid interest 
thereon. 
12 Recourse Against Issuer 
No Bondholder is entitled to take any action against the Issuer or, in the case of Class A Bondholders, against 
any Financial Guarantor or against any assets of the Issuer or any Financial Guarantor to enforce its rights in 
respect of the Bonds or to enforce any of the Issuer Security or to enforce any Financial Guarantee unless the 
Bond Trustee or the Issuer Security Trustee (as applicable), having become bound so to proceed, fails or 
neglects to do so within a reasonable period and such failure or neglect is continuing. The Issuer Security 
Trustee will act on the instructions of the Issuer Instructing Group pursuant to the Issuer STID and neither the 
Bond Trustee nor the Issuer Security Trustee shall be bound to take any such action unless it is indemnified 
and/or secured to its satisfaction.

--- Page 179 ---
179 
Neither the Bond Trustee nor the Bondholders may institute against, or join any person in instituting against, 
the Issuer any bankruptcy, winding up, re-organisation, arrangement, insolvency or liquidation proceeding 
(except for the appointment of a receiver and manager pursuant to the terms of the Issuer Deed of Charge and 
subject to the Issuer STID) or other proceeding under any similar law for so long as any Bonds are 
outstanding or for two years and a day after the latest Maturity Date on which any Bond of any Series is due 
to mature. 
13 Prescription 
Claims against the Issuer for payment in respect of the Bonds, Receipts or Coupons (which, for this purpose, 
shall not include Talons) shall be prescribed and become void unless made within ten years (in the case of 
principal) or five years (in the case of interest) from the appropriate Relevant Date (as defined in Condition 
6(i)) in respect thereof. 
14 Replacement of Bonds, Coupons, Receipts and Talons 
If any Bearer Bond, Registered Bond, Receipt, Coupon or Talon is lost, stolen, mutilated, defaced or 
destroyed it may be replaced, subject to applicable laws and stock exchange requirements, at the specified 
office of the Principal Paying Agent or, as the case may be, the Registrar upon payment by the claimant of the 
expenses incurred in connection with such replacement and on such terms as to evidence, security, indemnity 
and otherwise as the Issuer may require. Mutilated or defaced Bonds, Receipts, Coupons or Talons must be 
surrendered before replacements will be issued. 
15 Meetings of Bondholders, Modification, Waiver, Authorisation and Substitution 
(a) 
Meetings of Bondholders, Modifications and Waiver 
The Trust Deed contains provisions for convening meetings of Bondholders of a Sub-Class, Class or 
Classes to consider matters affecting their interests, including the modification of these Conditions, the 
Trust Deed and (in the case of Class A Bonds) the Financial Guarantees and any other Issuer 
Transaction Document to which the Bond Trustee is party. Any modification may (except in relation to 
any Entrenched Right or Reserved Matter of the Bond Trustee, subject, in the case of any of the Class 
A Bonds, to Entrenched Rights or Reserved Matters of any Financial Guarantor and subject to the 
provisions concerning ratification and/or meetings of particular combinations of Sub-Classes of Bonds 
as set out in Condition 15(b) and the Trust Deed, be made if sanctioned by a resolution passed at a 
meeting of such Bondholders duly convened and held in accordance with the Trust Deed by a majority 
of not less than three quarters of the votes cast (an “Extraordinary Resolution”) of such Bondholders. 
Such a meeting may be convened by the Bond Trustee or the Issuer, or by the Bond Trustee upon the 
request in writing of the relevant Bondholders holding not less than one tenth of the aggregate 
Principal Amount Outstanding of the relevant outstanding Bonds. 
The quorum at any meeting convened to vote on an Extraordinary Resolution will be two or more 
persons holding or representing not less than 50 per cent. of the aggregate Principal Amount 
Outstanding of the relevant outstanding Bonds or, at any adjourned meeting, two or more persons 
being or representing Bondholders, whatever the Principal Amount Outstanding of the relevant 
outstanding Bonds held or represented, provided however, that certain proposals (the “Basic Terms 
Modifications”) in respect of the holders of any particular Sub-Class of Bonds means any proposal: 
(i) 
to change any date fixed for payment of principal or interest in respect of such Sub-Class of 
Bonds, to reduce the amount of principal or interest payable on any date in respect of such Sub-
Class of Bonds or (other than as specified in Conditions 7 and 8) to alter the method of 
calculating the amount of any payment in respect of such Sub-Class of Bonds on redemption or 
maturity;

--- Page 180 ---
180 
(ii) 
other than pursuant to Condition 15(c), to effect the exchange, conversion or substitution of 
such Sub-Class of Bonds for, or the conversion of them into, shares, bonds or other obligations 
or securities of the Issuer or any other person or body corporate formed or to be formed; 
(iii) 
to change the currency in which amounts due in respect of such Sub-Class of Bonds are payable 
other than pursuant to redenomination into euro pursuant to Condition 19; 
(iv) 
to alter the Payments Priorities (as defined in the Master Framework Agreement) insofar as 
such alteration would affect such Sub-Class of Bonds; 
(v) 
to alter the priority of redemption of such Sub-Class of Bonds; 
(vi) 
in relation to any Sub-Class of Class A Bonds, to approve the release of the relevant Financial 
Guarantee or the substitution of the relevant Financial Guarantor; 
(vii) 
to change the quorum required at any meeting or the majority required to pass an Extraordinary 
Resolution; or 
(viii) to amend this definition or this Condition, 
may be sanctioned only by an Extraordinary Resolution passed at a meeting of Bondholders of the 
relevant Sub-Class or Sub-Classes of Bonds at which two or more persons holding or representing not 
less than three-quarters or, at any adjourned meeting, one quarter of the aggregate Principal Amount 
Outstanding of the outstanding Bonds form a quorum. Any Extraordinary Resolution duly passed at 
any such meeting shall be binding on all the relevant Bondholders, Receiptholders and Couponholders 
whether present or not. 
In addition, a resolution in writing signed by or on behalf of all Bondholders who for the time being 
are entitled to receive notice of a meeting of Bondholders under the Trust Deed will take effect as if it 
were an Extraordinary Resolution. Such a resolution in writing may be contained in one document or 
several documents in the same form, each signed by or on behalf of one or more Bondholders. 
A meeting of such Bondholders will also have the power (exercisable by Extraordinary Resolution) to 
advise or instruct the Bond Trustee in connection with the exercise by the Bond Trustee of any of its 
rights, powers and discretions under the Issuer Transaction Documents including, to appoint any 
persons (whether Bondholders or not) as a committee to represent the interests of such Bondholders 
and to confer upon such committee any powers which such Bondholders could themselves exercise by 
Extraordinary Resolution and, where requested by the Bond Trustee, in relation to voting on 
Intercreditor Issues (as defined in Condition 15(d)) and in respect of the Reserved Matters and 
Entrenched Rights of the Bond Trustee. 
(b) 
Relationship between Classes 
In relation to each Sub-Class of Bonds: 
(i) 
no Extraordinary Resolution involving a Basic Terms Modification that is passed by the holders 
of one Sub-Class of Bonds shall be effective unless it is sanctioned by an Extraordinary 
Resolution of the holders of each of the other Sub-Classes of Bonds (to the extent that there are 
Bonds outstanding in each such other Sub-Class); and 
(ii) 
no Extraordinary Resolution (except in relation to an Intercreditor Issue or a vote under 
Condition 11(a)) to approve any matter other than a Basic Terms Modification of any Sub-Class 
of Bonds shall be effective unless it is sanctioned by an Extraordinary Resolution of the holders 
of each of the other Sub-Classes of Bonds ranking equally or senior to such Sub-Class (to the 
extent that there are Bonds outstanding ranking equally or senior to such Sub-Class), and for the 
avoidance of doubt as regards ranking, Class A Bonds, Class B Bonds and Class R Bonds will 
be considered to rank equally with each other, Class C Bonds are subordinate to the Class A

--- Page 181 ---
181 
Bonds, Class B Bonds and Class R Bonds and Class D Bonds are subordinate to the Class A 
Bonds, Class B Bonds, Class R Bonds and Class C Bonds; 
provided that, in relation to a meeting of the holders of a Sub-Class of Bonds to sanction the 
Extraordinary Resolutions referred to in (i) and (ii) above, (1) the quorum for any such meeting shall 
be two or more persons holding or representing not less than 50 per cent. of the aggregate Principal 
Amount Outstanding of the relevant outstanding Bonds and (2) if the holders of any relevant Sub-
Class of Bonds, having been invited to sanction a proposed Extraordinary Resolution, fail for want of 
quorum to pass or reject an Extraordinary Resolution sanctioning the proposed Extraordinary 
Resolution, such holders will be taken to have sanctioned the proposed matter. Conditions 15(a) and 
(b) in respect of meetings are subject to the further provisions of the Trust Deed. 
(c) 
Modification, waiver and substitution 
As more fully set out in the Trust Deed (and subject to the conditions and qualifications therein), the 
Bond Trustee may, without the consent of the Bondholders of any Sub-Class, concur with the Issuer or 
any other relevant parties in making (i) any modification of these Conditions, the Trust Deed, any 
Financial Guarantee or any Issuer Transaction Document which is of a formal, minor or technical 
nature or is made to correct a manifest error and (except as mentioned in the Trust Deed) (ii) any other 
modification and any waiver or authorisation of any breach or proposed breach of these Conditions, 
the Trust Deed, such Financial Guarantee or any such Issuer Transaction Document or other document 
which is in the opinion of the Bond Trustee not materially prejudicial to the interests of the 
Bondholders of that Sub-Class. Any such modification, waiver or authorisation shall be binding on the 
Bondholders of that Sub-Class, Class or Classes and the holders of all relevant Receipts and Coupons 
and, if the Bond Trustee so requires, notice thereof shall be given by the Issuer to the Bondholders of 
that Sub-Class, Class or Classes as soon as practicable thereafter. 
The Bond Trustee shall be entitled to assume that any such modification, waiver or authorisation is not 
materially prejudicial to the Bondholders if the Rating Agencies confirm that there will not be any 
adverse effect thereof on the original issue ratings of the Bonds. 
As more fully set forth in the Issuer STID (and subject to the conditions and qualifications therein), the 
Bond Trustee may also agree with the Issuer, subject to the directions of the Issuer Instructing Group 
but without the consent of the relevant Bondholders of any Sub-Class, to the substitution of another 
corporation in place of the Issuer as principal debtor in respect of the Trust Deed and the Bonds of all 
Series and subject to the Class A Bonds continuing to carry the unconditional guarantee of the relevant 
Financial Guarantor. 
(d) 
Voting by the Bondholders on Intercreditor Issues 
In certain limited circumstances (as set out in the Issuer STID) the Bond Trustee shall be entitled to 
vote as the representative of Bondholders on intercreditor issues (“Intercreditor Issues”). The Bond 
Trustee shall vote on Intercreditor Issues (except in relation to any Basic Terms Modification) only in 
accordance with a direction by those holders of outstanding Bonds which constitute Qualifying Debt 
acting together whether by means of an Extraordinary Resolution or a request of at least one quarter of 
Principal Amount Outstanding of the holders thereof and shall not be obliged to vote unless it has been 
indemnified and/or secured to its satisfaction. 
In accordance with the terms of the Issuer STID, if the Bond Trustee receives a Confirmation of 
Instruction (as defined in the Issuer STID) at any time before the date of a Bondholder meeting 
convened pursuant to this Condition 15(d) and the Trust Deed, it shall as soon as practicable notify the 
Bondholders that such meeting shall be cancelled and shall not be liable to any person for so doing.

--- Page 182 ---
182 
16 Trustee Protections 
(a) 
Trustee considerations 
Subject to Condition 16(b), in connection with the exercise, under these Conditions, the Trust Deed, 
any Financial Guarantee or any Issuer Transaction Document, of its rights, powers, trusts, authorities 
and discretions (including, any modification, waiver, authorisation, determination or substitution), the 
Bond Trustee shall have regard to the interests of the holders of the Most Senior Class of Bonds then 
outstanding provided that, if the Bond Trustee considers, in its sole opinion, that there is a conflict of 
interest between the holders of one or more Sub-Classes of such Bonds, it shall consider the interests 
of the holders of the Sub-Class of the Most Senior Class of Bonds outstanding with the shortest dated 
maturity and will not have regard to the consequences of such exercise for the holders of other Classes 
or Sub-Classes of Bonds or for individual Bondholders, resulting from their being for any purpose 
domiciled or resident in, or otherwise connected with, or subject to the jurisdiction of, any particular 
territory. The Bond Trustee shall not be entitled to require from the Issuer or any Financial Guarantor, 
nor shall any Bondholders relating thereto be entitled to claim from the Issuer, any Financial Guarantor 
or the Bond Trustee, any indemnification or other payment in respect of any consequence (including, 
any tax consequence) for individual Bondholders relating thereto of any such exercise. 
(b) 
Exercise of rights 
Except as otherwise provided in these Conditions and the Trust Deed, when exercising any rights, 
powers, trusts, authorities and discretions relating to or contained in the Conditions or the Trust Deed 
(other than in respect of any Entrenched Right or Reserved Matter or Basic Terms Modification, or in 
determining the occurrence of an Entrenched Right or Reserved Matter or Basic Terms Modification) 
which affects or relates to any Class A Bonds, the Bond Trustee shall only act with the consent of the 
relevant Financial Guarantor(s) in accordance with the provisions of the Issuer STID and the Bond 
Trustee shall not be required to have regard to the interests of the Bondholders in relation to the 
exercise of such rights, powers, trusts, authorities and discretions and shall have no liability to any 
Bondholders as a consequence of so acting. As a consequence of being required to act only with the 
consent of the relevant Financial Guarantor(s) in the circumstances referred to in the previous 
sentence, the Bond Trustee may not, notwithstanding the provisions of these Conditions, be entitled to 
act on behalf of the holders of any Sub-Class of Bonds. Subject as provided in these Conditions and 
the Trust Deed, the Bond Trustee will exercise its rights under, or in relation to, the Trust Deed, the 
Conditions or any Financial Guarantee in accordance with the directions of the relevant Bondholders, 
but the Bond Trustee shall not be bound as against the Bondholders to take any such action unless it 
has (i) (a) (in respect of the matters set out in Condition 11 only) been so requested in writing by the 
holders of at least 25 per cent. of the Outstanding Principal Amount of the relevant outstanding Bonds 
or (b) been so directed by an Extraordinary Resolution and (ii) been indemnified or furnished with 
security to its satisfaction. 
17 Notices 
Notices required to be given to holders of Registered Bonds pursuant to these Conditions will be posted to 
them at their respective addresses in the Register and deemed to have been given on the date of posting. Other 
notices required to be given to Bondholders pursuant to these Conditions will be valid if published in a 
leading daily newspaper having general circulation in London (which is expected to be the Financial Times 
and, if the Bonds are listed on the Luxembourg Stock Exchange published either on the website of the 
Luxembourg Stock Exchange (https://www.bourse.lu) or in a leading newspaper having general circulation in 
Luxembourg (which is expected to be the Luxemburger Wort)). In addition, all notices required to be given to 
holders of Bonds pursuant to these Conditions (whether Bearer or Registered and whether Global Bonds or 
Definitive Bonds) will be published (if such publication is required) in such newspaper in Luxembourg. The 
Issuer shall also ensure that all notices required to be given to holders of the Bonds pursuant to the Conditions 
are duly published in a manner which complies with the rules and regulations of any other listing authority,

--- Page 183 ---
183 
stock exchange and/or quotation system on which the Bonds are for the time being listed and/or admitted to 
trading. Any such notice (other than to holders of Registered Bonds as specified above) shall be deemed to 
have been given on the date of such publication or, if published more than once or on different dates, on the 
first date on which publication is made. Couponholders and Receiptholders will be deemed for all purposes to 
have notice of the contents of any notice given to the holders of Bearer Bonds in accordance with this 
Condition 17. 
So long as any Bonds are represented by Global Bonds notices in respect of those Bonds may be given by 
delivery of the relevant notice to Euroclear Bank SA/NV, or Clearstream Banking, SA or any other Relevant 
Clearing System as specified in the relevant Final Terms for communication by them to entitled 
accountholders in substitution for publication in a daily newspaper with general circulation in London. Such 
notices shall be deemed to have been received by the Bondholders 7 days after delivery to such clearing 
systems. 
18 Indemnification of the Bond Trustee and Issuer Security Trustee 
The Trust Deed and the Issuer STID contain provisions for indemnification of the Bond Trustee and the Issuer 
Security Trustee, respectively, and for their relief from responsibility, including provisions relieving them 
from taking any action including taking proceedings against the Issuer, any Financial Guarantor, and/or any 
other person or enforcing the Issuer Security unless indemnified and/or secured to their satisfaction. The Bond 
Trustee, the Issuer Security Trustee or any of their affiliates are entitled to enter into business transactions 
with the Issuer, any Financial Guarantor, the other Issuer Secured Creditors or any of their respective 
subsidiaries or associated companies without accounting for any profit resulting therefrom. 
The Bond Trustee and the Issuer Security Trustee, in the absence of gross negligence or wilful default are 
exempted from any liability in respect of any loss, diminution in value or theft of all or any part of the Issuer 
Security, from any obligation to insure all or any part of the Issuer Security (including, in either such case, 
any documents evidencing, constituting or representing the same or transferring any rights, benefits and/or 
obligations thereunder) or to procure the same to be insured or monitoring the adequacy of any insurance 
arrangements. 
19 Miscellaneous 
(a) 
Governing Law 
The Trust Deed, the Issuer Deed of Charge, the Issuer STID, the Bonds, the Coupons, the Receipts, the 
Talons (if any), the relevant Financial Guarantee (if any) and the other Issuer Transaction Documents 
and any non-contractual obligations arising out of or in connection with them are governed by and 
shall be construed in accordance with the laws of England and Wales. 
(b) 
Third Party Rights 
No person shall have any right to enforce any term or condition of the Bonds or the Trust Deed under 
the UK Contracts (Rights of Third Parties) Act 1999.

--- Page 184 ---
184 
FORMS OF THE BONDS 
Form and Exchange – Bearer Bonds 
Each Sub-Class of Bonds initially issued in bearer form will be issued either as a temporary global bond (the 
“Temporary Global Bond”), without Coupons, Receipts or Talons attached, or a permanent global bond (the 
“Permanent Global Bond”), without interest Coupons, Receipts or Talons attached, in each case as specified 
in the relevant Final Terms. Each Temporary Global Bond or, as the case may be, Permanent Global Bond 
(each a “Global Bond”) will be delivered prior to the Issue Date of the relevant Sub-Class of the Bonds to a 
depositary or a common depositary for Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg and/or any other relevant 
clearing system. 
The relevant Final Terms will also specify whether U.S. Treasury Regulations §1.163-5(c)(2)(i)(C) (or any 
successor rules in substantially the same form that are applicable for purposes of Section 4701 of the U.S 
Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended (the “Code”) (the “TEFRA C Rules”) or U.S. Treasury 
Regulations §1.163-5(c)(2)(i)(D) (or any successor rules in substantially the same form that are applicable for 
purposes of Section 4701 of the Code) (the “TEFRA D Rules”) are applicable in relation to the Bonds. 
Temporary Global Bond exchangeable for Permanent Global Bond 
If the relevant Final Terms specify the form of Bonds as being represented by “Temporary Global Bond 
exchangeable for a Permanent Global Bond”, then the Bonds will initially be in the form of a Temporary 
Global Bond which will be exchangeable, in whole or in part, for interests in a Permanent Global Bond, 
without Coupons, Receipts or Talons attached, not earlier than 40 days after the Issue Date of the relevant 
Sub-Class of the Bonds upon certification as to non-U.S. beneficial ownership. No payments will be made 
under the Temporary Global Bond unless exchange for interests in the Permanent Global Bond is improperly 
withheld or refused. In addition, payments of principal and interest in respect of the Bonds cannot be 
collected without such certification of non-U.S. beneficial ownership. 
Whenever any interest in the Temporary Global Bond is to be exchanged for an interest in a Permanent 
Global Bond, the Issuer shall procure (in the case of first exchange) the prompt delivery (free of charge to the 
bearer) of such Permanent Global Bond, duly authenticated, to the bearer of the Temporary Global Bond or 
(in the case of any subsequent exchange) an increase in the principal amount of the Permanent Global Bond in 
accordance with its terms against: 
• 
presentation and (in the case of final exchange) surrender of the Temporary Global Bond at the 
Specified Office (as defined in the Paying Agency Agreement) of the Paying Agent; and  
• 
receipt by the Paying Agent of a certificate or certificates of non-U.S. beneficial ownership issued by 
Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg and/or any other relevant clearing system. 
The principal amount of the Permanent Global Bond shall be equal to the aggregate of the principal amounts 
specified in the certificates of non-U.S. beneficial ownership; provided, however, that in no circumstances 
shall the principal amount of the Permanent Global Bond exceed the aggregate initial principal amount of the 
Temporary Global Bond and any Temporary Global Bond representing a fungible Sub-Class of Bonds with 
the Sub-Class of Bonds represented by the first Temporary Global Bond. 
The Permanent Global Bond will be exchangeable in whole, but not in part, at the request of the bearer of the 
Permanent Global Bond for Bonds in definitive form (“Definitive Bonds”): 
• 
at any time, if so specified in the relevant Final Terms; or 
• 
if the relevant Final Terms specifies “in the limited circumstances described in the Permanent Global 
Bond”, then if (a) Euroclear or Clearstream, Luxembourg or any other relevant clearing system is 
closed for business for a continuous period of 14 days (other than by reason of legal holidays) or

--- Page 185 ---
185 
announces an intention permanently to cease business or (b) any of the circumstances described in 
Condition 11(a) (Issuer Events of Default) occurs. 
If a Permanent Global Bond is exchangeable for Definitive Bonds at the option of the Bondholders or Issuer 
other than in the limited circumstances described in the Permanent Global Bond, the Bonds shall be tradeable 
only in principal amounts of at least the Specified Denomination (or if more than one Specified Denomination 
the lowest Specified Denomination). 
Whenever the Permanent Global Bond is to be exchanged for Definitive Bonds, the Issuer shall procure the 
prompt delivery (free of charge to the bearer) of such Definitive Bonds, duly authenticated and with Coupons, 
Receipts and Talons attached (if so specified in the relevant Final Terms), in an aggregate principal amount 
equal to the principal amount of the Permanent Global Bond to the bearer of the Permanent Global Bond 
against the surrender of the Permanent Global Bond at the Specified Office of the Paying Agent not earlier 
than 40 days after the Issue Date of such Bonds. 
Each Temporary Global Bond that is specified in the Final Terms as being exchangeable for Registered Bonds 
in accordance with the Conditions in addition to any Permanent Global Bond for which it may be 
exchangeable and, before the first day following the expiry of 40 days after the issue date of the relevant Sub-
Class of the Bonds (the “Exchange Date”), will also be exchangeable in whole or in part for Registered 
Bonds only. 
Temporary Global Bond exchangeable for Definitive Bonds 
If the relevant Final Terms specify the form of Bonds as being “Temporary Global Bond exchangeable for 
Definitive Bonds” and also specifies that the TEFRA C Rules are applicable nor that neither the TEFRA C 
Rules or the TEFRA D Rules are applicable, then the Bonds will initially be in the form of a Temporary 
Global Bond which will be exchangeable, in whole but not in part, for Bonds in definitive form (“Definitive 
Bonds”) not earlier than 40 days after the issue date of the relevant Sub-Class of the Bonds. 
If the relevant Final Terms specify the form of Bonds as being “Temporary Global Bond exchangeable for 
Definitive Bonds” and also specifies that the TEFRA D Rules are applicable, then the Bonds will initially be 
in the form of a Temporary Global Bond which will be exchangeable, in whole or in part, for Definitive 
Bonds not earlier than 40 days after the issue date of the relevant Sub-Class of the Bonds upon certification as 
to non-U.S. beneficial ownership. Principal and interest payments in respect of the Bonds cannot be collected 
without such certification of non-U.S. beneficial ownership. 
Whenever the Temporary Global Bond is to be exchanged for Definitive Bonds, the Issuer shall procure the 
prompt delivery (free of charge to the bearer) of such Definitive Bonds, duly authenticated and with Coupons, 
Receipts and Talons attached (if so specified in the relevant Final Terms), in an aggregate principal amount 
equal to the principal amount of the Temporary Global Bond so exchanged to the bearer of the Temporary 
Global Bond against the presentation (and in the case of final exchange, surrender) of the Temporary Global 
Bond at the Specified Office of the Paying Agent not earlier than 40 days after the Issue Date of such Bonds. 
Each Temporary Global Bond that is specified in the Final Terms as being exchangeable for Registered Bonds 
in accordance with the Conditions in addition to any Definitive Bonds for which it may be exchangeable and, 
before its Exchange Date, will also be exchangeable in whole or in part for Registered Bonds only. 
Permanent Global Bond exchangeable for Definitive Bonds 
If the relevant Final Terms specify the form of Bonds as being “Permanent Global Bond exchangeable for 
Definitive Bonds”, then the Bonds will initially be in the form of a Permanent Global Bond which will be 
exchangeable in whole, but not in part, for Definitive Bonds: 
• 
at any time, if so specified in the relevant Final Terms; or 
• 
if the relevant Final Terms specify “in the limited circumstances described in the Permanent Global 
Bond”, then if (a) Euroclear or Clearstream, Luxembourg or any other relevant clearing system is

--- Page 186 ---
186 
closed for business for a continuous period of 14 days (other than by reason of legal holidays) or 
announces an intention permanently to cease business or (b) any of the circumstances described in 
Condition 11(a) (Issuer Events of Default) occurs. 
If a Permanent Global Bond is exchangeable for Definitive Bonds at the option of the Bondholders or Issuer 
other than in the limited circumstances described in the Permanent Global Bond, the Bonds shall be tradeable 
only in principal amounts of at least the Specified Denomination (or if more than one Specified 
Denomination, the lowest Specified Denomination). 
Whenever the Permanent Global Bond is to be exchanged for Definitive Bonds, the Issuer shall procure the 
prompt delivery (free of charge to the bearer) of such Definitive Bonds, duly authenticated and with Coupons, 
Receipts and Talons attached (if so specified in the relevant Final Terms), in an aggregate principal amount 
equal to the principal amount of the Permanent Global Bond to the bearer of the Permanent Global Bond 
against the surrender of the Permanent Global Bond at the Specified Office of the Paying Agent within 60 
days of the bearer requesting such exchange but not earlier than 40 days after the Issue Date of such Bonds. 
In the event that a Global Bond is exchanged for Definitive Bonds, such Definitive Bonds shall be issued in 
Specified Denomination(s) only.  
Each Permanent Global Bond that is specified in the Final Terms as being exchangeable for Registered Bonds 
in accordance with the Conditions in addition to any Definitive Bonds for which it may be exchangeable and, 
before its Exchange Date, will also be exchangeable in whole or in part for Registered Bonds only. 
Conditions applicable to the Bonds 
The Conditions applicable to any Definitive Bond will be endorsed on that Bond and will consist of the 
Conditions set out under “Terms and Conditions of the Bonds” above and the provisions of the relevant Final 
Terms which supplement, amend, vary and/or replace those Conditions. 
The Conditions applicable to any Global Bond will differ from those Conditions which would apply to the 
Definitive Bond to the extent described under “Provisions Relating to the Global Bonds”. 
Legend concerning United States persons 
Global Bonds (other than Temporary Global Bonds) and Definitive Bonds and any Coupons, Receipts and 
Talons appertaining thereto will bear a legend to the following effect where TEFRA D is specified in the 
relevant Final Terms or Drawdown Prospectus: 
“Any United States person who holds this obligation will be subject to limitations under the United 
States income tax laws, including the limitations provided in Sections 165(j) and 1287(a) of the 
Internal Revenue Code.” 
The sections referred to in such legend provide that a United States person who holds a Bond, Coupon, 
Receipt or Talon will generally not be allowed to deduct any loss realised on the sale, exchange or redemption 
of such Bond, Coupon, Receipt or Talon and any gain (which might otherwise be characterised as capital 
gain) recognised on such sale, exchange or redemption will be treated as ordinary income. 
Form and Exchange – Global Bond Certificates 
The following description is in respect of registered bonds issued under the Programme that are offered 
outside the United States in accordance with Regulation S of the Securities Act. 
Global Certificates 
Registered Bonds held in Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg and/or any other clearing system will be 
represented by a Global Bond Certificate which will be registered in the name of a nominee for, and deposited 
with, a depositary for Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg and/or such other relevant clearing system. 
These provisions will not prevent the trading of interest in the Bonds within a clearing system whilst they are

--- Page 187 ---
187 
held on behalf of such clearing system, but will limit the circumstances in which the Bonds may be 
withdrawn from the relevant clearing system. 
The Global Bond Certificate will become exchangeable in whole, but not in part, for Individual Bond 
Certificates if (a) the Bonds represented by the Global Bond Certificate are held on behalf of Euroclear and/or 
Clearstream, Luxembourg and/or any other clearing system and any such clearing system is closed for 
business for a continuous period of 14 days (other than by reasons of holidays, statutory or otherwise) or 
announces an intention permanently to cease business, or in fact does so or (b) any of the circumstances 
described in Condition 11(a) (Issuer Events of Default) occurs. 
Whenever the Global Bond Certificate is to be exchanged for Individual Bond Certificates, such will be 
issued in an aggregate principal amount equal to the principal amount of the Global Bond Certificate within 
five business days of the delivery, by or on behalf of the registered Holder of the Global Bond Certificate, 
Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg to the Registrar or the Transfer Agents (as the case may be) of 
such information as is required to complete and deliver such Individual Bond Certificates (including the 
names and addresses of the persons in whose names the Individual Bond Certificates are to be registered and 
the principal amount of each such person’s holding) against the surrender of the Global Bond Certificate at 
the specified office of the Registrar or the Transfer Agent (as the case may be). Such exchange will be 
effected in accordance with the provisions of the Paying Agency Agreement and the regulations concerning 
the transfer and registration of Bonds scheduled thereto and, in particular, shall be effected without charge to 
any holder, but against such indemnity as the Registrar or the Transfer Agents (as the case may be) may 
require in respect of any tax or other duty of whatsoever nature which may be levied or imposed in 
connection with such exchange. 
Rights against Issuer 
Under the Trust Deed, persons shown in the records of Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg and/or any 
other relevant clearing system as being entitled to interests in the Bonds will (subject to the terms of the Trust 
Deed and the Issuer STID) acquire directly against the Issuer all those rights to which they would have been 
entitled if, immediately before the Global Bond or Global Bond Certificate became void, they had been the 
registered Holders of Bonds in an aggregate principal amount equal to the principal amount of Bonds they 
were shown as holding in the records of Euroclear, Clearstream, Luxembourg or any other relevant clearing 
system (as the case may be).

--- Page 188 ---
188 
PROVISIONS RELATING TO THE BONDS WHILE IN GLOBAL FORM 
Clearing System Accountholders 
References in the Conditions of the Bonds to “Bondholder” are (other than in the case of payment) 
references to the person shown in the records of the relevant clearing system as the holder of the Global Bond 
or Global Bond Certificate. 
Each of the persons shown in the records of Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg and/or any other 
relevant clearing system, as the case may be, as being entitled to an interest in a Global Bond or a Global 
Bond Certificate (each an “Accountholder”) must look solely to Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg 
and/or such other relevant clearing system (as the case may be) for such Accountholder’s share of each 
payment made by the Issuer or, in the case of Class A Bonds, the relevant Financial Guarantor, to such 
Accountholder and in relation to all other rights arising under the Global Bond or Global Bond Certificate. 
The extent to which, and the manner in which, Accountholders may exercise any rights arising under a Global 
Bond or Global Bond Certificate will be determined by the respective rules and procedures of Euroclear, 
Clearstream, Luxembourg and any other relevant clearing system (as the case may be) from time to time. For 
so long as the relevant Bonds are represented by a Global Bond or Global Bond Certificate, Accountholders 
shall have no claim directly against the Issuer or, in the case of Class A Bonds, the relevant Financial 
Guarantor in respect of payments due under the Bonds and such obligations of the Issuer and, in the case of 
Class A Bonds, the relevant Financial Guarantor will be discharged by payment to the bearer of the Global 
Bond or the registered holder of the Global Bond Certificate, as the case may be. 
So long as the Bonds are represented by a temporary Global Bond, permanent Global Bond or Global 
Certificate and the relevant clearing system(s) so permit, the Bonds shall be tradeable only in principal 
amounts of at least the Specified Denomination (or if more than one Specified Denomination, the lowest 
Specified Denomination) and multiples thereof provided in the relevant Final Terms. 
Amendment to Conditions 
Global Bonds will contain provisions that apply to the Bonds which they represent, some of which modify the 
effect of the Conditions of the Bonds as set out in this Prospectus. The following is a summary of certain of 
those provisions: 
• 
Payments: For the purpose of any payments made in respect of a Global Bond, the relevant place of 
presentation shall be disregarded in the definition of “business day” set out in Condition 9(g) (Non-
Business Days). All payments in respect of Bonds represented by a Global Bond Certificate will be 
made to, or to the order of, the person whose name is entered on the Register at the close of business 
on the record date which shall be on the Clearing System Business Day immediately prior to the date 
for payment, where “Clearing System Business Day” means Monday to Friday inclusive except 25 
December and 1 January. 
• 
Meetings: The holder of a Global Bond or Global Bond Certificate shall be treated as being two 
persons for the purposes of any quorum requirements of a meeting of Bondholders and, at any such 
meeting, the holder of a Global Bond or Global Bond Certificate shall be treated as having one vote in 
respect of each integral currency unit of the Specified Currency of the Bonds. 
• 
Cancellation: Cancellation of any Bond represented by a Global Bond or Global Bond Certificate that 
is required by the Conditions to be cancelled (other than upon its redemption) will be effected by 
reduction in the principal amount of the relevant Global Bond or Global Bond Certificate. 
• 
Notices: So long as any Bonds are represented by a Global Bond or Global Bond Certificate and such 
Global Bond or Global Bond Certificate is held on behalf of Euroclear, Clearstream, Luxembourg or

--- Page 189 ---
189 
any other relevant Clearing System, notices to the Bondholders may be given, subject always to listing 
requirements, by delivery of the relevant notice to Euroclear, Clearstream, Luxembourg or any other 
relevant Clearing System for communication by it to entitled Accountholders in substitution for 
publication as provided in the Conditions provided that, in any case, so long as the Bonds are listed on 
the Luxembourg Stock Exchange’s regulated market and the rules of that exchange so require, all such 
notices shall be published on either the website of the Luxembourg Stock (www.bourse.lu) or in a 
leading daily newspaper having general circulation in Luxembourg in accordance with Condition 17. 
Electronic Consent and Written Resolution 
While any Global Bond is held on behalf of, or any Global Bond Certificate is registered in the name of any 
nominee for, a clearing system, then: 
(i) 
approval of a resolution proposed by the Issuer or the Bond Trustee (as the case may be) given 
by way of electronic consents communicated through the electronic communications systems of 
the relevant clearing system(s) in accordance with their operating rules and procedures by or on 
behalf of the holders of not less than 100 per cent. of the Principal Amount Outstanding of the 
Bonds of the relevant Sub-Class or Sub-Classes (an “Electronic Consent” as defined in the 
Trust Deed) shall, for all purposes (including matters that would otherwise require an 
Extraordinary Resolution to be passed at a meeting for which the quorum required for an 
Extraordinary Resolution relating to a Basic Term Modification was satisfied), take effect as an 
Extraordinary Resolution passed at a meeting of Bondholders duly convened and held, and shall 
be binding on all Bondholders and holders of Coupons, Talons and Receipts whether or not they 
participated in such Electronic Consent; and  
(ii) 
where Electronic Consent is not being sought, for the purpose of determining whether a Written 
Resolution (as defined in the Trust Deed) has been validly passed, the Issuer and the Bond 
Trustee shall be entitled to rely on consent or instructions given in writing directly to the Issuer 
and/or the Bond Trustee, as the case may be, by (a) accountholders in the clearing system with 
entitlements to such Global Bond or Global Bond Certificate and/or, where (b) the 
accountholders hold any such entitlement on behalf of another person, on written consent from 
or written instruction by the person identified by that accountholder as the person for whom 
such entitlement is held. For the purpose of establishing the entitlement to give any such 
consent or instruction, the Issuer and the Bond Trustee shall be entitled to rely on any certificate 
or other document issued by, in the case of (a) above, Euroclear, Clearstream, Luxembourg or 
any other relevant alternative clearing system (the “relevant clearing system”) and, in the case 
of (b) above, the relevant clearing system and the accountholder identified by the relevant 
clearing system for the purposes of (b) above. Any resolution passed in such manner shall be 
binding on all Bondholders and Couponholders, even if the relevant consent or instruction 
proves to be defective. Any such certificate or other document shall, in the absence of manifest 
error, be conclusive and binding for all purposes. Any such certificate or other document may 
comprise any form of statement or print out of electronic records provided by the relevant 
clearing system (including Euroclear’s EUCLID or Clearstream, Luxembourg’s CreationOnline 
system) in accordance with its usual procedures and in which the accountholder of a particular 
principal or nominal amount of the Bonds is clearly identified together with the amount of such 
holding. Neither the Issuer nor the Bond Trustee shall be liable to any person by reason of 
having accepted as valid or not having rejected any certificate or other document to such effect 
purporting to be issued by any such person and subsequently found to be forged or not 
authentic.

--- Page 190 ---
190 
PRO FORMA FINAL TERMS 
PROHIBITION OF SALES TO EEA RETAIL INVESTORS - The Bonds are not intended to be offered, 
sold or otherwise made available to and should not be offered, sold or otherwise made available to any retail 
investor in the European Economic Area (“EEA”). For these purposes, a retail investor means a person who is 
one (or more) of: (i) a retail client as defined in point (11) of Article 4(1) of Directive 2014/65/EU (as 
amended, “MiFID II”); or (ii) a customer within the meaning of Directive (EU) 2016/97 where that customer 
would not qualify as a professional client as defined in point (10) of Article 4(1) of MiFID II. Consequently 
no key information document required by Regulation (EU) No 1286/2014 (as amended, the “PRIIPs 
Regulation”) for offering or selling the Bonds or otherwise making them available to retail investors in the 
EEA has been prepared and therefore offering or selling the Bonds or otherwise making them available to any 
retail investor in the EEA may be unlawful under the PRIIPs Regulation. 
PROHIBITION OF SALES TO UK RETAIL INVESTORS – The Bonds are not intended to be offered, 
sold or otherwise made available to and should not be offered, sold or otherwise made available to any retail 
investor in the United Kingdom (“UK”). For these purposes, a retail investor means a person who is one (or 
more) of: (i) a retail client, as defined in point (8) of Article 2 of Regulation (EU) No 2017/565 as it forms 
part of UK domestic law by virtue of the European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018 (“EUWA”); (ii) a customer 
within the meaning of the provisions of the Financial Services and Markets Act (the “FSMA”) and any rules 
or regulations made under the FSMA to implement Directive (EU) 2016/97, where that customer would not 
qualify as a professional client, as defined in point (8) of Article 2(1) of Regulation (EU) No 600/2014 as it 
forms part of UK domestic law by virtue of the EUWA. Consequently no key information document required 
by Regulation (EU) No 1286/2014 as it forms part of UK domestic law by virtue of the EUWA (the “UK 
PRIIPs Regulation”) for offering or selling the Bonds or otherwise making them available to retail investors 
in the UK has been prepared and therefore offering or selling the Bonds or otherwise making them available 
to any retail investor in the UK may be unlawful under the UK PRIIPs Regulation.  
[MiFID II Product Governance – Solely for the purposes of [the/each] manufacturer’s product approval 
process, the target market assessment in respect of the Bonds has led to the conclusion that: (i) the target 
market for the Bonds is eligible counterparties and professional clients only, each as defined in MiFID II; and 
(ii) all channels for distribution of the Bonds to eligible counterparties and professional clients are 
appropriate. Any person subsequently offering, selling or recommending the Bonds (a "distributor") should 
take into consideration the manufacturer[’s/s’] target market assessment; however, a distributor subject to 
MiFID II is responsible for undertaking its own target market assessment in respect of the Bonds (by either 
adopting or refining the manufacturer[’s/s’] target market assessment) and determining appropriate 
distribution channels.] 
[UK MiFIR Product Governance – Solely for the purposes of [the/each] manufacturer’s product approval 
process, the target market assessment in respect of the Bonds has led to the conclusion that: (i) the target 
market for the Bonds is only eligible counterparties, as defined in the FCA Handbook Conduct of Business 
Sourcebook (“COBS”), and professional clients, as defined in Regulation (EU) No 600/2014 as it forms part 
of UK domestic law by virtue of the European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018 ("UK MiFIR"); and (ii) all 
channels for distribution of the Bonds to eligible counterparties and professional clients are appropriate. Any 
[distributor / person subsequently offering, selling or recommending the Bonds (a "distributor")] should take 
into consideration the manufacturer[’s/s’] target market assessment; however, a distributor subject to the FCA 
Handbook Product Intervention and Product Governance Sourcebook (the “UK MiFIR Product Governance 
Rules”) is responsible for undertaking its own target market assessment in respect of the Bonds (by either 
adopting or refining the manufacturer[’s/s’] target market assessment) and determining appropriate 
distribution channels.] 
[In connection with Section 309B of the Securities and Futures Act (Chapter 289) of Singapore as modified or 
amended from time to time (the “SFA”) and the Securities and Futures (Capital Markets Products)

--- Page 191 ---
191 
Regulations 2018 of Singapore (the “CMP Regulations 2018”), the Issuer has determined, and hereby 
notifies all relevant persons (as defined in Section 309A(1) of the SFA), that the Bonds are [capital markets 
products other than prescribed capital markets products] (as defined in the CMP Regulations 2018).] 
Final Terms dated [●] 
Dŵr Cymru (Financing) UK Plc 
Legal Entity Identifier: 213800GDOFO2ED5PNC85 
Issue of [Sub-Class [●] (delete as appropriate)] [Aggregate Nominal Amount of Sub-Class] 
[Title of Bonds] 
PART A – CONTRACTUAL TERMS 
Terms used herein shall be deemed to be defined as such for the purposes of the Conditions set forth in the 
Prospectus dated 23 March 2021 [and the Supplement to the Base Prospectus dated [●]] which [together] 
constitute[s] a base prospectus for the purposes of Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 (the “EU Prospectus 
Regulation”). This document constitutes the Final Terms of the Bonds described herein for the purposes of 
the EU Prospectus Regulation and must be read in conjunction with such Prospectus [as so supplemented] in 
order to obtain all the relevant information. The Prospectus [and the Supplement to the Base Prospectus] [has] 
[have] been published on the website of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange https://www.bourse.lu [and [is] 
[are] available for viewing during normal business hours at Linea, Fortran Road, St Mellons, Cardiff CF3 
0LT, Wales, UK [and copies may be obtained from Linea, Fortran Road, St Mellons, Cardiff CF3 0LT, Wales, 
UK].  
The following alternative language applies if the first tranche of an issue which is being increased was issued 
under a Prospectus with an earlier date.  
[Terms used herein shall be deemed to be defined as such for the purposes of the Conditions (the 
“Conditions”) set forth in the Prospectus dated [11 November 2019]/[20 December 2017]/[21 June 2011]/ 
[19 March 2010]/[4 December 2006]/[7 April 2003]/[4 May 2001] [and the supplement to it dated 7 February 
2020] which are incorporated by reference in the Prospectus dated [current date]. This document constitutes 
the Final Terms of the Bonds described herein for the purposes of  the EU Prospectus Regulation and must be 
read in conjunction with the Prospectus dated 23 March 2021 [and the supplement(s) to it dated [●], which 
[together] constitute[s] a base prospectus for the purposes of the EU Prospectus Regulation in order to obtain 
all relevant information, save in respect of the Conditions which are extracted from the Prospectus dated [11 
November 2019]/[20 December 2017]/[21 June 2011]/[19 March 2010]/[4 December 2006]/[7 April 2003]/[4 
May 2001] [and the supplement to it dated 7 February 2020]. The Prospectus [and the supplements to it] [has] 
[have] been published on the website of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange tttps://www.bourse.lu. [and [is] 
[are] available for viewing during normal business hours at Linea, Fortran Road, St Mellons, Cardiff CF3 
0LT, Wales, UK [and copies may be obtained from Linea, Fortran Road, St Mellons, Cardiff CF3 0LT, Wales, 
UK]. 
[When completing final terms or adding any other final terms or information consideration should be given 
as to whether such terms or information constitute “significant new factors” and consequently trigger the 
need for a supplement to the Prospectus under Article 23 of the EU Prospectus Regulation.][Include 
whichever of the following apply or specify as “Not Applicable” (N/A). Note that the numbering should 
remain as set out below, even if “Not Applicable” is indicated for individual paragraphs or sub-paragraphs. 
Italics denote directions for completing the Final Terms.] 
1 
(i) 
Series Number: 
[●] 
 
(ii) 
Sub-Class Number: 
[●]

--- Page 192 ---
192 
 
(iii) 
Date on which the Bonds 
become fungible 
[Not Applicable/The Bonds shall be consolidated, form 
a single series and be interchangeable for trading 
purposes with the [insert description of the Series] on 
[insert date/the Issue Date/exchange of the Temporary 
Global Bond for interests in the Permanent Global 
Bond, as referred to in paragraph 21 below [which is 
expected to occur on or about [insert date]]].] 
2 
Relevant Currency: 
[●] 
3 
Aggregate Nominal Amount: 
 
 
(i) 
Series: 
[●] 
 
(ii) 
Sub-Class: 
[●] 
4 
(i) 
Issue Price: 
[●] per cent. of the Aggregate Nominal Amount [plus 
accrued interest from [insert date]] (in the case of 
fungible issues only, if applicable)] 
 
(ii) 
Net proceeds: 
[●] 
5 
(i) 
Specified Denominations: 
[€100,000 and integral multiples of [€1,000] in excess 
thereof up to and including [€199,000]. No Bonds in 
definitive form will be issued with a denomination 
above [€199,000]]/[minimum denomination of any other 
currency must be equivalent to at least €100,000 as at 
the Issue Date of the Bonds] 
 
(ii) 
Calculation Amount 
[●] 
6 
(i) 
Issue Date: 
[●] 
 
(ii) 
Interest Commencement Date 
(if different from the Issue 
Date): 
[●] 
7 
Maturity Date: 
[specify date or (for Floating Rate Bonds) Interest 
Payment Date falling in or nearest to the relevant month 
and year] 
8 
Interest Basis: 
[Fixed Rate/Floating Rate/Indexed] 
9 
Redemption/Payment Basis: 
[Redemption at par] 
[Indexed Linked Redemption] 
[Instalments] 
 
10 
Change 
of 
Interest 
or 
Redemption/Payment Basis:  
[Specify the date when any fixed to floating rate change 
occurs or refer to paragraph 14 and 15 below and 
identify there/Not Applicable] 
11 
Put/Call Options: 
Call option – see below 
12 
Status: 
Class [B/C/D/R] 
13 
[Date [Board] approval for issuance 
of Bonds obtained: 
[[●] and [●] respectively] 
 
PROVISIONS RELATING TO INTEREST (IF ANY) PAYABLE 
14 
Fixed Rate Bond Provisions: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-paragraphs

--- Page 193 ---
193 
of this paragraph) 
 
(i) 
Interest Rate: 
[●] per cent. per annum [payable [annually / semi-
annually / quarterly / monthly] in arrear on each Interest 
Payment Date] 
 
(ii) Interest Payment Date(s): 
[●] in each year 
 
(iii) Fixed Coupon Amount[(s)]: 
[●] per Calculation Amount 
 
(iv) Broken Amount(s): 
[●] per Calculation Amount payable on the Interest 
Payment Date falling [in/on] [●] 
 
(v) Day Count Fraction: 
[Actual/Actual (ICMA)] [Actual/Actual or Actual/ 
Actual - ISDA] [Actual/365 (Fixed)] [Actual/365 
(Sterling)] [Actual/360] [30/360 or 360/360 or Bond 
Basis] [30E/360 or Eurobond Basis] [30E/360 (ISDA)] 
 
(vi) [Determination Dates: 
[●] in each year (insert regular interest payment dates. 
Ignoring issue date or maturity date in the case of a 
long or short first or last coupon. N.B. only relevant 
where Day Count Fraction is Actual/Actual (ICMA))]  
 
(vii) Benchmark Gilt: 
[●] 
15 
Floating Rate Bond Provisions: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] (If not applicable, delete 
the remaining sub-paragraphs of this paragraph) 
 
(i) 
Interest Payment Date(s): 
[●] 
 
(ii) 
First Interest Payment Date: 
[●] 
 
(iii) 
Business Day Convention: 
[Following 
Business 
Day 
Convention/ 
Modified 
Following 
Business 
Day 
Convention/ 
Preceding 
Business Day Convention] [Not Applicable] 
 
(iv) 
Manner in which the Interest 
Rate(s) 
is/are 
to 
be 
determined: 
[Screen Rate Determination/ISDA Determination] 
 
(v) 
Party 
responsible 
for 
calculating the Interest Rate(s) 
and Interest Amount(s) (if not 
the Agent Bank): 
[●] 
 
(vi) 
Screen Rate Determination: 
 
 
– 
Reference Rate: 
[●] month [LIBOR/EURIBOR/SONIA/SONIA Index] 
 
–  
Observation Method: 
[Lag/Shift/Not Applicable] 
 
– 
Interest 
Determination 
Date(s): 
[●] 
 
– 
Relevant Screen Page: 
[●] 
 
– 
Reference 
Look-Back 
Period 
[●] 
 
 
(vii) 
ISDA Determination: 
 
 
– 
Floating Rate Option: 
[●] 
 
– 
Designated Maturity: 
[●]

--- Page 194 ---
194 
 
– 
Reset Date: 
[●] 
 
(viii) Margin(s): 
[+/-][●] per cent. per annum 
 
(ix) 
Minimum Interest Rate: 
[[●] per cent. per annum]/[Not Applicable] 
 
(x) 
Maximum Interest Rate: 
[[●] per cent. per annum]/[Not Applicable] 
 
(xi) 
Day Count Fraction: 
[Actual/Actual (ICMA)] [Actual/Actual or Actual/ 
Actual - ISDA] [Actual/365 (Fixed)] [Actual/365 
(Sterling)] [Actual/360] [30/ 360 or 360/360 or Bond 
Basis] [30E/360 or Eurobond Basis] [30E/360 (ISDA)] 
 
(xii) 
Additional Business 
Centre(s): 
[●] 
 
(xiii) Reference Banks 
[[●]/Not Applicable] 
16 
Indexed Bond Provisions: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining subparagraphs 
of this paragraph) 
 
(i) 
Index/Formula: 
[UK Retail Price Index] / [CPI] / [CPIH] 
 
(ii) Index Figure applicable: 
As determined in accordance with Condition 7(a)[; 3 
months lag applies] 
 
(iii) Interest Rate: 
[●] per cent. (as adjusted for indexation in accordance 
with Condition 7(Indexation)) 
 
(iv) Party responsible for calculating 
the Rate(s) of Interest, Interest 
Amount 
and 
Redemption 
Amount(s) (if not the Agent 
Bank): 
[●] 
 
(v) Interest Determination Date  
[●] 
 
(vi) Interest Payment Dates: 
[●] 
 
(vii) First Interest Payment Date: 
[●] 
 
(viii) Business Day Convention: 
[Following Business Day/Modified Following Business 
Day /Preceding Business Day/other [Not Applicable] 
 
(ix) Minimum Indexation Factor: 
[Not Applicable/[●]] 
 
(x) Maximum Indexation Factor: 
[Not Applicable/[●]] 
 
(xi) Limited Indexation Months(s): 
[●] 
 
(xii) Base Index Figure: 
[●] 
 
(xiii) Reference Gilt: 
[●] 
 
(xiv) Day Count Fraction: 
[Actual/Actual (ICMA)] [Actual/Actual or Actual/ 
Actual - ISDA] [Actual/365 (Fixed)] [Actual/365 
(Sterling)] [Actual/360] [30/ 360 or 360/360 or Bond 
Basis] [30E/360 or Eurobond Basis] [30E/360 (ISDA)] 
 
(xv) [Determination Dates: 
[●]] 
 
(xvi) Additional Business Centre(s): 
[●] 
PROVISIONS RELATING TO REDEMPTION 
17 
Call Option: 
Applicable – Condition 8

--- Page 195 ---
195 
 
 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-paragraphs 
of this paragraph) 
 
(i) 
Optional redemption date(s): 
Yes. [In the case of Floating Rate Bonds, not before [●] 
and at a premium of [●], if any.] 
 
(ii) 
Redemption Amount(s) and 
method, if any, of calculation 
of such amount(s): 
[Calculated in accordance with Condition 8(b)/[●] per 
Calculation Amount] 
18 
Final Redemption Amount: 
[[●] 
per 
Calculation Amount/As 
determined 
in 
accordance with the Conditions] 
19 
Reference Gilt: 
[Not Applicable/[●]] 
20 
Applicable Uplift: 
[Not Applicable/[●] basis points] 
GENERAL PROVISIONS APPLICABLE TO THE BONDS 
21 
Form of Bonds: 
[Bearer Bonds/Registered Bonds] 
 
(i) 
If Bearer Bonds: 
[Temporary Global Bond exchangeable for a Permanent 
Global Bond, on or after the first day following the 
expiry of 40 days following the Issue Date, which is 
exchangeable for Definitive Bonds [/Registered Bond 
Certificates] at any time/in the limited circumstances 
specified in the Permanent Global Bond.] 
 
 
[Temporary Global Bond exchangeable for Definitive 
Bonds [/Registered Bond Certificates], on or after the 
first day following the expiry of 40 days following the 
Issue Date, on [●] days’ notice.] 
 
 
[Permanent Global Bond exchangeable for Definitive 
Bonds [/Registered Bond Certificates] at any time/in the 
limited circumstances specified in the Permanent Global 
Bond.] 
 
(ii) 
If Registered Bonds: 
[Regulation S Global Registered Bond Certificate 
exchangeable 
for 
Definitive 
Registered 
Bond 
Certificates in the limited circumstances specified in the 
Registered Global Bond]  
22 
Relevant Financial Centre(s) or other 
special 
provisions 
relating 
to 
Payment Dates: 
[Not Applicable/give details. Note that this item relates 
to the place of payment, and not the end dates of interest 
periods for the purposes of calculating the amount of 
interest to which paragraphs 15(xii) and 16(xvi) relate] 
23 
Talons 
for 
future 
Coupons 
or 
Receipts to be attached to Definitive 
Bonds (and dates on which such 
Talons mature): 
[No / Yes. As the Bonds have more than 27 coupon 
payments, talons may be required if, on exchange into 
definitive form, more than 27 coupon payments are still 
to be made.] 
24 
Details relating to Partly Paid Bonds: 
[Not Applicable] 
25 
Details relating to Instalment Bonds: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable/give details] 
 
(i) 
Instalment Date: 
[●] 
 
(ii) 
Instalment Amount: 
[●] 
26 
Redenomination, 
renominalisation 
and reconventioning provisions: 
[Not Applicable/The provisions in Condition 19 apply]

--- Page 196 ---
196 
INTERCOMPANY LOAN TERMS 
 
27 
Amount 
of 
relevant 
Term 
Advance/Index Linked Advances: 
GBP [●] 
28 
Interest 
rate 
on 
relevant 
Term 
Advance/Index Linked Advances: 
[●] 
29 
Repayment Schedule for relevant 
Term Advance: 
[●] 
30 
Maturity date of relevant Term 
Advance/Index Linked Advances: 
[●] 
DISTRIBUTION 
 
31 
(i) 
If 
syndicated, 
names 
of 
Managers: 
[Not Applicable/[●]] 
 
(ii) 
Stabilising Manager (if any): 
[Not Applicable/[●]] 
32 
If non-syndicated, name of Dealer: 
[Not Applicable/[●]] 
33 
US Selling Restrictions: 
Reg. S Compliance Category 2; [TEFRA C Rules/ 
TEFRA D Rules/ TEFRA not applicable] 
Signed on behalf of the Issuer: 
By: ........................................................ 
Duly authorised

--- Page 197 ---
197 
PART B – OTHER INFORMATION 
1 
LISTING AND ADMISSION TO TRADING 
(i) 
Listing: 
[Official List of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange] 
(ii) 
Admission to trading: 
[Application has been made by the Issuer (or on its 
behalf) for the Bonds to be admitted to trading on the 
Luxembourg Stock Exchange Regulated Market with 
effect from [●].] 
[Application is expected to be made by the Issuer (or 
on its behalf) for the Bonds to be admitted to trading 
on Luxembourg Stock Exchange’s Regulated Market 
with effect from [●].] 
[Not applicable] 
(iii) 
Estimate of total expenses related to 
admission to trading: 
[●] 
2 
RATINGS 
Ratings: 
[[The Bonds to be issued [have been/are expected to 
be] rated]/[The following ratings reflect ratings 
assigned to Bonds of this type issued under the 
Programme generally]]:  
[S&P Global Ratings Europe Limited: [●]] 
[Fitch Ratings Limited: [●]] 
[Moody’s Investors Service Limited: [●]] 
[[Other]: [●]] 
[S&P is established in the EEA and registered under 
Regulation (EC) No. 1060/2009 (as amended) (the 
"EU CRA Regulation").] [[Moody’s] [and] [Fitch] 
[are]/[is] established outside of the EEA and 
[has][have] not applied for registration under the EU 
CRA Regulation.][Ratings by Moody’s are endorsed 
by Moody's Deutschland GmbH][.]/[and] [ratings by 
Fitch are endorsed by Fitch Ratings Ireland Limited], 
[each of] which is a credit rating agency established 
in the EU and registered under the EU CRA 
Regulation in accordance with the EU CRA 
Regulation.] 
[[Moody’s] and [Fitch] [is]/[are] established in the 
UK and registered under Regulation (EC) No. 
1060/2009 (as amended) as it forms part of UK 
domestic law by virtue of the European Union 
(Withdrawal) 
Act 
2018 
(the 
"UK 
CRA 
Regulation").] [S&P is established outside of the UK 
and has not applied for registration under the UK 
CRA Regulation. Ratings by S&P are endorsed by 
[S&P Global Ratings UK Limited] which is a credit 
rating agency established in the UK and registered 
under the UK CRA Regulation in accordance with

--- Page 198 ---
198 
the UK CRA Regulation].] 
 
[Need to include a brief explanation of the meaning 
of the ratings if this has previously been published by 
the rating provider.] 
 
3 
INTERESTS OF NATURAL AND LEGAL PERSONS INVOLVED IN THE [ISSUE/OFFER] 
[●] / [Save as discussed in [“Subscription and Sale”], so far as the Issuer is aware, no person involved in the 
offer of the Bonds has an interest material to the offer.] [The Dealers and their affiliates may have engaged, 
and may in the future engage, in investment banking and/or commercial banking transactions with, and may 
perform services for, the Issuer and/or its affiliates in the ordinary course of business.] 
4 
REASONS FOR THE OFFER AND ESTIMATED NET PROCEEDS 
Reasons for the offer: 
[●] 
[See “Introduction and Use of Proceeds” in Chapter 1
“General Description of the Programme” of the 
Prospectus/Give details] 
(See “Introduction and Use of Proceeds” in Chapter 1
“General Description of the Programme” of the Prospectus 
– if reasons for offer different from what is disclosed in the 
Prospectus, give details here.) 
Estimated net proceeds: 
[●] 
5 
[Fixed Rate Bonds only – YIELD 
Indication of yield: 
[●] per cent. per annum] 
6 
[Floating Rate Bonds Only – HISTORIC INTEREST RATES 
Details of historic [LIBOR/EURIBOR] rates can be obtained from [●].] 
7 
[Index 
Linked 
or 
other 
variable-linked 
Bonds 
only 
– 
PERFORMANCE 
OF 
INDEX/FORMULA/OTHER VARIABLE AND OTHER INFORMATION CONCERNING THE 
UNDERLYING  
 
(i) 
Name of underlying index: 
[UK Retail Price Index (RPI) / UK Consumer Prices Index 
(CPI) / UK Consumer Prices Index including Owner 
Occupiers’ Housing costs and Council Tax (CPIH) / any 
comparable index that may replace RPI] 
 
(ii) Information about the Index,  
its volatility and past and 
future performance can be  
obtained from: 
More information on [RPI / CPI / CPIH / any comparable 
index which may replace RPI / CPI / CPIH] including past 
and current performance and its volatility and fall back 
provisions in the event of a disruption in the publication of 
[RPI / CPI / CPIH, can be found at [www.statistics.gov.uk 
/ relevant replacing website] 
8 
OPERATIONAL INFORMATION 
ISIN Code: 
[●] 
Common Code: 
[●]

--- Page 199 ---
199 
Any clearing system(s) other than Euroclear Bank 
SA/NV and Clearstream Banking, SA and the 
relevant identification number(s): 
[Not Applicable/give name(s) and number(s [and 
addresses])] 
Delivery: 
Delivery [against/free of] payment 
Names and addresses of additional Paying Agent(s) 
(if any): 
 
[●]

--- Page 200 ---
200 
CHAPTER 8 
TAX CONSIDERATIONS 
 
The following is a general summary of the United Kingdom withholding taxation treatment in relation to 
payments of principal and interest in respect of the Bonds, certain Luxembourg tax considerations in relation 
to the Bonds, in each case as at the date of this Prospectus.  
Prospective purchasers of Bonds should be aware that the particular terms of issue of any Sub-Class of Bonds 
as specified in the relevant Final Terms may affect the tax treatment of that and other Sub-Classes or Classes 
of Bonds.  
United Kingdom Withholding Tax 
These comments in relation to United Kingdom withholding tax do not deal with other United Kingdom tax aspects 
of acquiring, holding or disposing of Bonds. They do not necessarily apply where the income is deemed for tax 
purposes to be the income of any other person. They relate only to the position of persons who are absolute 
beneficial owners of the Bonds and may not apply to certain classes of persons such as dealers or certain 
professional advisers, or persons connected with the Issuer. They are of a general nature and not intended to be 
exhaustive. 
This summary as it applies to United Kingdom taxation is based upon current United Kingdom tax law as 
applied in England and Wales and HM Revenue & Customs (“HMRC”) practice (which may not be binding 
on HMRC), as in effect on the date of this Prospectus and is subject to any change in law or practice that may 
take effect after such date, sometimes with retrospective effect. 
Bondholders who may be liable to taxation in jurisdictions other than the United Kingdom in respect of their 
acquisition, holding or disposal of the Bonds are particularly advised to consult their professional advisers as 
to whether they are so liable (and if so under the laws of which jurisdictions), since the following comments 
relate only to certain United Kingdom taxation aspects of payments in respect of the Bonds. In particular, 
Bondholders should be aware that they may be liable to taxation under the laws of other jurisdictions in 
relation to payments in respect of the Bonds even if such payments may be made without withholding or 
deduction for or on account of taxation under the laws of the United Kingdom. In particular, Bondholders 
should be aware that the tax legislation of any jurisdiction where a Bondholder is resident or otherwise 
subject to taxation (as well as the jurisdictions discussed below) may have an impact on the tax consequences 
of an investment in the Bonds including in respect of any income received from the Bonds. 
Prospective purchasers who are in any doubt as to their tax position should consult their professional 
advisers. 
Payment of Interest by The Issuer 
Bonds will constitute “quoted Eurobonds” provided they carry a right to interest and are and continue to be 
listed on a recognised stock exchange, within the meaning of Section 1005 Income Tax Act 2007. The 
Luxembourg Stock Exchange is a recognised stock exchange for these purposes. Bonds will be treated as 
listed on the Luxembourg Stock Exchange if they are included in the Securities Official List by the 
Luxembourg Listing Authority and are admitted to trading on the Luxembourg Stock Exchange. Whilst such 
Bonds are and continue to be quoted Eurobonds, payments of interest by the Issuer may be made without 
withholding or deduction for or on account of United Kingdom income tax.  
If this requirement is not satisfied as at the date interest on the Bonds is paid, then such interest will generally 
be paid by the Issuer under deduction of United Kingdom income tax at the basic rate (currently 20 per cent.) 
subject to the availability of other reliefs under domestic law or to any direction to the contrary from HMRC 
in respect of such relief as may be available under the provisions of any applicable double taxation treaty.

--- Page 201 ---
201 
If United Kingdom withholding tax is imposed, then the Issuer will not pay any additional amounts under the 
terms of the Bonds. 
Bonds may be issued at an issue price of less than 100 per cent. of their principal amount. Any discount 
element on any such Bond will not be subject to any United Kingdom withholding tax. 
Where Bonds are issued with a redemption premium, as opposed to being issued at discount, then any such 
element of premium may constitute a payment of interest. Payments of interest are subject to United Kingdom 
withholding tax as outlined above (and also subject to the exemptions outlined above). 
Payments by Financial Guarantors under The Financial Guarantees 
If a Financial Guarantor makes any payments in respect of scheduled payments of principal and interest on 
the Class A Bonds (or other amounts due under the Class A Bonds other than the repayment of amounts 
subscribed for the Class A Bonds), such payments may be subject to United Kingdom withholding tax at the 
basic rate (currently 20 per cent.) subject to the availability of exemptions, reliefs or any direction to the 
contrary from HMRC in respect of such relief as may be available pursuant to the provisions of any 
applicable double taxation treaty. Such payments by the Financial Guarantors may not be eligible for the 
exemption from United Kingdom withholding tax in respect of securities that are “quoted Eurobonds” as 
described above. If United Kingdom withholding tax is imposed, then the Financial Guarantor will not pay 
any additional amounts under the Financial Guarantees. 
Other Rules relating to United Kingdom Withholding Tax 
Where the interest is paid without withholding or deduction, the interest will not be assessed to United 
Kingdom tax in the hands of Bondholders who are not tax resident in the United Kingdom, except where the 
holder carries on a trade, profession or vocation through a branch or agency, or in the case of a corporate 
holder, carries on a trade or vocation through a permanent establishment in the United Kingdom in connection 
with which the interest is received or to which the Bonds are attributable, in which case (subject to 
exemptions for interest received by certain categories of agent) tax may be levied on the United Kingdom 
branch or agency or permanent establishment. 
If interest were paid under deduction of United Kingdom income tax (e.g. if the Bonds lost their listing and 
therefore ceased to constitute “quoted Eurobonds”), Bondholders who are not resident in the United Kingdom 
may be able to recover all or part of the tax deducted if they qualify for relief under an applicable double 
taxation treaty. 
The above description of the United Kingdom withholding tax position assumes that there will be no 
substitution of the Issuer pursuant to Condition 15(c) of the Bonds or otherwise and does not consider the tax 
consequences of any such substitution. 
Luxembourg tax  
The following is a general description of certain Luxembourg tax laws relating to the Bonds as in effect and 
as applied by the relevant tax authorities as at the date hereof, is subject to any change in law or practice that 
may take effect after such date, sometimes with retrospective effect, and does not purport to be a 
comprehensive discussion of the tax treatment of the Bonds. 
Prospective investors should consult their own professional advisers on the implications of making an 
investment in, holding or disposing of Bonds and the receipt of interest with respect to such Bonds under the 
laws of the countries in which they may be liable to taxation. 
Under Luxembourg general tax laws currently in force and subject to the Law of 23 December 2005 
introducing a final withholding tax on certain savings income in the form of interest, as amended (the 
“December 2005 Law”), there is no withholding tax on payments of interest.

--- Page 202 ---
202 
In accordance with the December 2005 Law, as amended, payments of interest made or secured by a paying 
agent established in Luxembourg to or for the immediate benefit of an individual beneficial owner who is 
resident of Luxembourg, will be subject to a final withholding tax at the rate of 20 per cent.. Responsibility 
for withholding such tax will be assumed by the Luxembourg paying agent. 
FATCA Withholding 
Pursuant to certain provisions of the U.S. Internal Revenue Code of 1986, commonly known as FATCA, a 
“foreign financial institution” may be required to withhold on certain payments it makes (“foreign passthru 
payments”) to persons that fail to meet certain certification, reporting, or related requirements. A number of 
jurisdictions (including the United Kingdom) have entered into, or have agreed in substance to, 
intergovernmental agreements with the United States to implement FATCA (“IGAs”), which modify the way 
in which FATCA applies in their jurisdictions. Certain aspects of the application of the FATCA provisions and 
IGAs to instruments such as the Bonds, including whether withholding would ever be required pursuant to 
FATCA or an IGA with respect to payments on instruments such as the Bonds, are uncertain and may be 
subject to change. Even if withholding would be required pursuant to FATCA or an IGA with respect to 
payments on instruments such as the Bonds, proposed regulations have been issued that provide that such 
withholding would not apply prior to the date that is two years after the date on which final regulations 
defining “foreign passthru payments” are published in the U.S. Federal Register. In the preamble to the 
proposed regulations, the U.S. Treasury Department indicated that taxpayers may rely on these proposed 
regulations until the issuance of final regulations. Holders should consult their own tax advisors regarding 
how these rules may apply to their investment in the Bonds. In the event any withholding would be required 
pursuant to FATCA or an IGA with respect to payments on the Bonds, no person will be required to pay 
additional amounts as a result of the withholding.

--- Page 203 ---
203 
CHAPTER 9 
DESCRIPTION OF THE CURRENT ISSUER HEDGE COUNTERPARTIES, FACILITY 
PROVIDERS AND ACCOUNT BANK 
The information contained herein with respect to the Current Issuer Hedge Counterparties, Authorised 
Lenders and Liquidity Facility Providers who are also acting as Dealers under the Programme relates to and 
has been obtained from each party respectively. Delivery of this Prospectus shall not create any implication 
that there has been no change in the affairs of any of the parties since the date hereof, or that the information 
contained or referred to herein is correct as of any time subsequent to its date. 
The Issuer acknowledges that it shall be required to prepare a supplement to the Prospectus pursuant to 
Article 23 of Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 of 14 June 2017 relating to prospectuses for securities in the 
circumstances set out in Article 13, including the occurrence of a significant new factor such as a new 
transaction party performing one of the roles described in this chapter. 
CURRENT ISSUER HEDGE COUNTERPARTIES 
NatWest Markets Plc 
NatWest Markets Plc (“NWM Plc”) is a wholly-owned subsidiary of NatWest Group plc (the “holding 
company”).  As part of NatWest Group, NWM Plc supports many of NatWest Group’s corporate and 
institutional customers in addition to financial institutions, sponsors, sovereigns and the broader investor 
community.  NWM Plc works in close collaboration with teams across NatWest Group so that it can provide 
capital markets and risk management solutions to customers and become the partner of choice for those 
customers’ financial markets needs.   
The “NWM Group” comprises NWM Plc and its subsidiary and associated undertakings. The “NatWest 
Group” comprises the holding company and its subsidiary and associated undertakings, including the NWM 
Group. 
As at 31 December 2020, the NWM Group had total assets of £273.1 billion and owners’ equity of £9.4 
billion and NWM Plc had a total capital ratio of 30.3 per cent. and a CET1 capital ratio of 21.7 per cent.. 
Further information relating to the NWM Group can be found in the NWM Group 2020 Annual Report and 
Accounts., in the NWM Group Registration Document dated 13 May 2020 and any updates or supplements 
thereto, 
 
and 
other 
relevant 
filings 
or 
announcements, 
which 
can 
be 
found 
at 
https://investors.natwestgroup.com/regulatory-news/company-announcements. 
The long-term, unsecured and unsubordinated debt obligations of NWM Plc are rated A- by Standard & 
Poor's, A+ by Fitch and A3 by Moody’s. NWM Plc’s counterparty risk assessment is A3(cr) by Moody’s.  
As at the date of this Prospectus, the NWM Plc has securities admitted to trading on the regulated market of 
the London Stock Exchange. 
HSBC Bank plc  
HSBC Bank plc and its subsidiaries form a group providing a range of banking products and services. 
HSBC Bank plc (formerly Midland Bank plc) was formed in England in 1836 and subsequently incorporated 
as a company limited by shares in 1880. In 1923, the company adopted the name Midland Bank Limited, 
which it held until 1982 when it re-registered as a public limited company and changed its name to Midland 
Bank plc.  In 1992, Midland Bank plc became a wholly owned subsidiary undertaking of HSBC Holdings plc, 
whose Group Head Office is at 8 Canada Square, London E14 5HQ. HSBC Bank plc adopted its current 
name, changing from Midland Bank plc, in 1999.

--- Page 204 ---
204 
HSBC Holdings plc, the parent company of the HSBC Group, is headquartered in London. The Group serves 
customers worldwide across 65 countries and territories in Europe, Asia, North America, Latin America, and 
Middle East and North Africa. With assets of US$2,751 billion at 30 June 2019, HSBC is one of the world’s 
largest banking and financial services organisation. 
The short term senior unsecured and unguaranteed obligations of HSBC Bank plc are, as at the date of this 
Prospectus, rated P-1 by Moody's and A-1+ by Standard & Poor's and HSBC Bank plc has a short term issuer 
default rating of F1+ from Fitch. The long term senior unsecured and unguaranteed obligations of HSBC 
Bank plc are rated Aa3 by Moody's and AA- by S&P and HSBC Bank plc has a long term issuer default rating 
of AA- from Fitch. 
HSBC Bank plc is authorised by the Prudential Regulation Authority and regulated by the Financial Conduct 
Authority and the Prudential Regulation Authority. HSBC Bank plc's principal place of business in the United 
Kingdom is 8 Canada Square, London E14 5HQ. 
BNP Paribas, London Branch 
BNP Paribas is a French multinational bank and financial services company with its registered office located 
at 16 boulevard des Italiens 75009 Paris, France, and its corporate website in English is 
http://www.bnpparibas.com/en.   
BNP Paribas, together with its consolidated subsidiaries (the "BNP Paribas Group") is a global financial 
services provider, conducting retail, corporate and investment banking, private banking, asset management, 
insurance and specialized and other financial activities throughout the world.  
The BNP Paribas Group, one of Europe’s leading providers of banking and financial services, has four 
domestic retail banking markets in Europe, namely in Belgium, France, Italy and Luxembourg. 
It operates in 71 countries and has more than 198,000 employees, including more than 151,000 in Europe. 
BNP Paribas holds key positions in its two main businesses: 
• 
Retail Banking and Services, which includes: 
• 
Domestic Markets, comprising: 
• French Retail Banking (FRB), 
• BNL banca commerciale (BNL bc), Italian retail banking, 
• Belgian Retail Banking (BRB), 
• Other Domestic Markets activities including Luxembourg Retail Banking (LRB); 
• 
International Financial Services, comprising: 
• Europe-Mediterranean, 
• BancWest, 
• Personal Finance, 
• Insurance, 
• Wealth and Asset Management; 
• 
Corporate and Institutional Banking (CIB): 
• 
Corporate Banking, 
• 
Global Markets,

--- Page 205 ---
205 
• 
Securities Services. 
BNP Paribas SA is the parent company of the BNP Paribas Group. 
At 31 December 2020, the BNP Paribas Group had consolidated assets of €2,488 billion (compared to €2,165 
billion at 31 December 20192), consolidated loans and receivables due from customers of €810 billion 
(compared to €806 billion at 31 Decemer 20191), consolidated items due to customers of €941 billion 
(compared to €835 billion at 31 December 20191) and shareholders’ equity (Group share) of €112.8 billion 
(compared to €107.5 billion at 31 December 20191).  
At 31 December 2020, pre-tax income was €9.8 billion (compared to €11.4 billion at the end of December 
2019). Net income, attributable to equity holders, for 2020 was €7.1 billion (compared to €8.2 billion for 
2019).  
At the date of this Prospectus, the BNP Paribas Group currently has Long Term Senior Preferred debt ratings 
of "A+" with stable outlook from S&P, "Aa3" with stable outlook from Moody’s Investors Service, Inc. and 
"AA-" with stable outlook from Fitch Ratings, Ltd and "AA (low)" with stable outlook from DBRS.  
The information contained in this section relates to and has been obtained from BNP Paribas. The information 
concerning BNP Paribas and the BNP Paribas Group contained herein is furnished solely to provide limited 
introductory information regarding BNP Paribas and the BNP Paribas Group and does not purport to be 
comprehensive. 
The delivery of the information contained in this section shall not create any implication that there has been 
no change in the affairs of BNP Paribas or the BNP Paribas Group since the date of this Prospectus, or that the 
information contained or referred to in this section is correct as of any time subsequent to its date. 
For up-to-date financial information, including quarterly results since the last fiscal year end, please refer to 
https://invest.bnpparibas.com/en/results.  
Lloyds Bank Corporate Markets plc 
 Lloyds Bank Corporate Markets plc (“Lloyds Bank Corporate Markets”) is a wholly owned subsidiary of 
Lloyds Banking Group plc (together with its subsidiary undertakings from time to time, “Lloyds Banking 
Group”), was incorporated under the laws of England and Wales on 28 September 2016 (registration number 
10399850) and is authorised by the Prudential Regulation Authority (“PRA”) and regulated by the Financial 
Conduct Authority and the PRA. Lloyds Bank Corporate Markets’s registered office is at 25 Gresham Street, 
London EC2V 7HN, United Kingdom. 
Lloyds Bank Corporate Markets was created in response to the Financial Services (Banking Reform) Act 
2013, which takes effect from 1 January 2019 and requires the separation of certain commercial banking 
activities and international operations from the rest of the Lloyds Banking Group. 
Lloyds Bank Corporate Markets and its subsidiaries support a diverse range of customers and provides a 
broad range of banking products to help them achieve their financial goals. Lloyds Bank Corporate Market’s 
revenue is earned through interest and fees on a range of financial services products to commercial clients 
including loans, deposits, trade and asset finance, debt capital markets, and derivatives; and current accounts, 
savings accounts, mortgages, car finance and personal loans in the Retail market in Lloyds Bank Corporate 
Market’s Crown Dependencies businesses. 
                                                          
2 Revised presentation, based on the new IFRS 16 accounting standard.

--- Page 206 ---
206 
Additional information on Lloyds Bank Corporate Markets, and Lloyds Banking Group’s approach to ring-
fencing, is available from Investor Relations, Lloyds Banking Group, 25 Gresham Street, London EC2V 7HN 
or from the following internet website address: http://www.lloydsbankinggroup.com. The information on this 
website does not form part of this Prospectus. 
Barclays Bank PLC 
Barclays Bank PLC (the “Bank”, and together with its subsidiary undertakings, the “Barclays Bank Group”) 
is a public limited company registered in England and Wales under number 1026167. The liability of the 
members of the Bank is limited. It has its registered head office at 1 Churchill Place, London E14 5HP, United 
Kingdom (telephone number +44 (0)20 7116 1000). The Bank was incorporated on 7 August 1925 under the 
Colonial Bank Act 1925 and on 4 October 1971 was registered as a company limited by shares under the 
Companies Acts 1948 to 1967. Pursuant to The Barclays Bank Act 1984, on 1 January 1985, the Bank was re-
registered as a public limited company and its name was changed from 'Barclays Bank International Limited' 
to 'Barclays Bank PLC'. The whole of the issued ordinary share capital of the Bank is beneficially owned by 
Barclays PLC. Barclays PLC (together with its subsidiary undertakings, the “Group” or “Barclays”) is the 
ultimate holding company of the Group. The Bank’s principal activity is to offer products and services 
designed for larger corporate, wholesale and international banking clients. 
Barclays is a British universal bank with a diversified and connected portfolio of businesses, serving retail 
and wholesale customers and clients globally. The Group’s businesses include consumer banking and 
payment operations around the world, as well as a top-tier, full service, global corporate and investment bank. 
The Group operates as two operating divisions – the Barclays UK division (“Barclays UK”) and the Barclays 
International division (“Barclays International”) which are supported by Barclays Execution Services 
Limited.  Barclays UK consists of UK Personal Banking, UK Business Banking and Barclaycard Consumer 
UK businesses.  These businesses are carried on by Barclays Bank UK PLC (BBUKPLC) and certain other 
entities within the Group. Barclays International consists of Corporate and Investment Bank and Consumer, 
Cards and Payment businesses.  These businesses are carried on by the Bank and its subsidiaries, as well as by 
certain other entities within the Group. Barclays Execution Services Limited is the Group-wide service 
company providing technology, operations and functional services to businesses across the Group.   
The short term unsecured obligations of the Bank are rated A-1 by S&P Global Ratings UK Limited, P-1 by 
Moody's Investors Service Ltd. and F1 by Fitch Ratings Limited and the long-term unsecured unsubordinated 
obligations of the Bank are rated A by S&P Global Ratings UK Limited, A1 by Moody's Investors Service 
Ltd. and A+ by Fitch Ratings Limited. The Bank’s credit ratings included or referred to in this Prospectus will 
be treated for the purposes of Regulation (EC) No 1060/2009 on credit rating agencies as it forms part of 
domestic law of the United Kingdom by virtue of the European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018, as amended  
(the “UK CRA Regulation”) as having been issued by Fitch Ratings Limited (“Fitch”), Moody's Investors 
Service Ltd. (“Moody's”) and S&P Global Ratings UK Limited (“S&P”), each of which is established in the 
United Kingdom and has been registered under the UK CRA Regulation. The ratings Fitch, Moody's and S&P 
have given in relation to the Bank are endorsed by Fitch Ratings Ireland Limited, Moody's Deutschland 
GmbH and S&P Global Ratings Europe Limited respectively, each of which is established in the European 
Economic Area (EEA) and registered under Regulation (EU) No 1060/2009 on credit rating agencies (as 
amended, the EU CRA Regulation). 
Based on the Barclays Bank Group's audited financial information for the year ended 31 December 2020, the 
Barclays Bank Group had total assets of £1,059,731m (2019: £876,672m), loans and advances at amortised 
cost of £134,267m (2019: £141,636m), total deposits at amortised cost of £244,696m (2019: £213,881m), and 
total equity of £53,710m (2019: £50,615m). The profit before tax of the Barclays Bank Group for the year 
ended 31 December 2020 was £3,075m (2019: £3,112m) after credit impairment charges of £3,377m (2019:

--- Page 207 ---
207 
£1,202m). The financial information in this paragraph is extracted from the audited consolidated financial 
statements of the Issuer for the year ended 31 December 2020. 
CURRENT AUTHORISED LENDERS OF THE ISSUER 
European Investment Bank 
The Issuer has (i) a fully drawn finance contract of £100 million dated 5 December 2005 with the European 
Investment Bank repayable in instalments by 15 December 2021, (ii) a fully drawn finance contract of £100 
million dated 23 October 2008 repayable in instalments by 15 April 2025; and (iii) a fully drawn finance 
contract of £100 million dated 3 March 2011 repayable in instalments by 15 December 2028. 
HSBC Bank plc  
The Issuer has an undrawn bilateral revolving credit facility of £30 million dated 6 August 2020 with HSBC 
UK Bank plc available to be drawn until 6 July 2022 (subject to a further extension of one year in accordance 
with the terms of the facility).  
National Westminster Bank Plc 
The Issuer has an undrawn bilateral revolving credit facility of £60 million dated 21 October 2020 with 
National Westminster Bank Plc, which is available to be drawn until 21 September 2022 (subject to a further 
extension of one year in accordance with the terms of the facility.  
BNP Paribas, London Branch  
The Issuer has an undrawn bilateral revolving credit facility of £60 million dated 15 May 2020 with BNP 
Paribas, London Branch, which is available to be drawn until 15 April 2022 (subject to a further extension of 
one year in accordance with the terms of the facility). 
Barclays Bank PLC  
The Issuer has an undrawn bilateral revolving credit facility of £50 million dated 24 November 2020 with the 
Bank which is available to be drawn until 24 October 2022 (with a further one-year extension option to 2023). 
CURRENT LIQUIDITY FACILITY PROVIDERS OF THE ISSUER 
AGM 
Assured Guaranty Municipal Corp. (“AGM”) is a New York domiciled financial guarantee insurance 
company and an indirect subsidiary of Assured Guaranty Ltd. (“AGL”), a Bermuda-based holding company 
whose shares are publicly traded and are listed on the New York Stock Exchange under the symbol “AGO”. 
AGL, through its operating subsidiaries, provides credit enhancement products and asset management 
services. AGL provides credit enahancement products to the U.S. and global public finance, infrastructure and 
structured finance markets. Neither AGL nor any of its shareholders or affiliates, other than AGM, is 
obligated to pay any debts of AGM or any claims under any guarantee issued by AGM.  
AGM was organised in the State of New York, U.S.A. as an insurance company on 16 March 1984 and 
commenced operations in 1985. AGM is registered with The National Association of Insurance 
Commissioners with identifying number NAIC #18287. AGM maintains its principal executive offices at

--- Page 208 ---
208 
1633 Broadway, New York, New York 10019, U.S.A. The telephone number of AGM is +1 212 974 0100. 
AGM's legal and commercial name is Assured Guaranty Municipal Corp. 
AGM’s financial strength is rated “AA” (stable outlook) by S&P Global Ratings, a business unit of Standard 
& Poor’s Financial Services LLC, “AA+” (stable outlook) by Kroll Bond Rating Agency, Inc. and “A2” 
(stable outlook) by Moody’s Investors Service, Inc.. AGM periodically assesses the value of each rating 
assigned to it, and as a result of such assessment may request that a rating agency add or drop a rating. AGM 
can give no assurance as to any further ratings action that any rating agency may take, and each rating of 
AGM should be evaluated independently.  
An explanation of the significance of the above ratings may be obtained from the applicable rating agency. 
The above ratings are not recommendations to buy, sell or hold any security, and such ratings are subject to 
revision or withdrawal at any time by the rating agencies, including withdrawal initiated at the request of 
AGM in its sole discretion. 
Additional information, including copies of the most recent publicly available financial results of AGM and 
AGL, is available from Assured Guaranty, 1633 Broadway, New York, New York 10019, Attention:  
Communications Department (telephone (212) 974-0100) or at http://www.assuredguaranty.com/investor-
information. 
AGUK 
Assured Guaranty UK Limited ("AGUK") is incorporated in England and is a wholly-owned subsidiary of 
AGM and an indirect wholly-owned subsidiary of AGL. AGUK is authorised by the UK Prudential 
Regulation Authority (“PRA”) to effect and carry out contracts of insurance in three classes, "credit", 
"suretyship" and "miscellaneous financial loss", and is regulated by the PRA and the UK Financial Conduct 
Authority. These permissions are sufficient for AGUK to effect and carry out financial guaranty insurance and 
reinsurance in the UK. 
On 7 November 2018, AGUK combined its operations with those of its then European subsidiaries, Assured 
Guaranty (UK) Plc, Assured Guaranty (London) Plc and CIFG Europe SA. Under the combination, the 
subsidiaries transferred their insurance portfolios and merged with and into AGUK. The subsidiaries were 
immediately dissolved on the date of the combination without going into liquidation. 
AGUK’s financial strength is rated “AA” (stable outlook) by S&P Global Ratings, a business unit of Standard 
& Poor’s Financial Services LLC, “AA+” (stable outlook) by Kroll Bond Rating Agency, Inc., and “A2” 
(stable outlook) by Moody’s Investors Service, Inc.. AGUK periodically assesses the value of each rating 
assigned to it, and as a result of such assessment may request that a rating agency add or drop a rating. AGUK 
can give no assurance as to any further ratings action that the rating agencies may take, voluntarily or at the 
request of AGUK, and each rating of AGUK should be evaluated independently.  
An explanation of the significance of the above ratings may be obtained from the applicable rating agency. 
The above ratings are not recommendations to buy, sell or hold any security, and such ratings are subject to 
revision or withdrawal at any time by the rating agencies, including withdrawal initiated at the request of 
AGUK in its sole discretion. 
Additional information, including copies of the most recent publicly available financial results of AGUK, is 
available from AGUK, 11th Floor, 6 Bevis Marks, London EC3A 7BA, United Kingdom, Attention:  
Communications Department or at http://www.assuredguaranty.com/investor-information.

--- Page 209 ---
209 
CURRENT ACCOUNT BANK OF THE ISSUER 
National Westminster Bank Plc 
National Westminster Bank Plc was incorporated in England and Wales as a public limited company on 
18 March 1968. National Westminster Bank Plc has its principal place of business in the United Kingdom at 
250 Bishopsgate, London, EC2M 3UR.

--- Page 210 ---
210 
 
APPENDIX A 
KEY CHARACTERISTICS OF BONDS CURRENTLY IN ISSUE 
Sub-Class of Bonds 
For the avoidance of doubt, this Appendix A is for informational purposes only. 
 
 
A1
 
A4
A5
A6 
B1
B3 
B4
B5
B6
B7
B8
C3
Nominal amount per Bond ... 
£1,000 
 
£1,000 
 
£1,000 
 
£50,000 
 
£1,000 
 
£1,000 
 
£1,000 
 
£50,000 
 
£50,000 
 
£50,000 
 
£1,000 
 
£1,000 
 
 
£10,000 
 
£10,000 
 
£10,000 
 
 
 
£10,000 
 
£10,000 
 
£10,000 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
£10,000 
 
£10,000 
 
 
£100,000 
 
£100,000 
 
£100,000 
 
 
 
£100,000 
 
£100,000 
 
£100,000 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
£100,000 
 
£100,000 
Total nominal amount .......... 
£350,000,000  
£265,000,000  
£85,000,000  
£100,000,000 
£325,000,000  
£128,600,000  
£75,000,000  
£50,000,000  
£140,000,000 
£300,000,000  
£300,000,000 
£200,000,000 
Issue Price ............................ 
100 
 
100 
 
100 
 
100 
 
100 
 
100 
 
100 
 
100 
 
100 
 
100 
 
98.955 
 
99.627 
Currency .............................. 
£ 
 
£ 
 
£ 
 
£ 
 
£ 
 
£ 
 
£ 
 
£ 
 
£ 
 
£ 
 
£ 
 
£ 
Rating - S&P ........................ 
AA 
 
AA 
 
AA 
 
AA 
 
A- 
 
A- 
 
A- 
 
A- 
 
A- 
 
A- 
 
A- 
 
BBB 
Rating - Moody’s ................. 
A2 
 
A2 
 
A2 
 
A2 
 
A3 
 
A3 
 
A3 
 
A3 
 
A3 
 
A3 
 
A3 
 
Baa2 
Rating – Fitch ...................... 
A 
 
A 
 
A 
 
A 
 
A 
 
A 
 
A 
 
A 
 
A 
 
A 
 
A 
 
BBB+ 
Interest rate .......................... 
6.015 
 
3.514 
 
3.512 
 
4.473 
 
6.907 
 
4.377 
 
4.375 
 
1.375 
 
1.859 
 
2.5 
 
1.375 
 
1.625 
Interest Basis 
 
Fixed Rate 
 
Index-Linked  
Index-Linked  
Fixed Rate 
 
Fixed Rate 
 
Index-Linked  
Index-Linked  
Index-Linked  
Indexed 
 
Fixed Rate 
 
Fixed Rate 
 
Fixed Rate 
Frequency of payment of 
interest ..............................
 
Annually 
 
Semi-
annually 
 
Semi-
annually 
 
Annually 
 
Annually 
 
Semi-
annually 
 
Semi-
annually 
 
Semi-
annually 
 
Semi-
annually 
 
Annually 
 
Annually  
 
Annually  
Frequency of amortisation of 
principal ...........................
 
Bullet 
repayment 
 
Bullet 
repayment 
 
Bullet 
repayment 
 
Bullet 
repayment 
 
Bullet 
repayment 
 
Bullet 
repayment 
 
Bullet 
repayment 
 
Bullet 
repayment 
 
Bullet 
repayment 
 
Bullet 
repayment 
 
Bullet 
repayment  
 
Bullet 
repayment 
Expected maturity ................
 
31 March 
2028 
 
31 March 
2030 
 
31 March 
2031 
 
31 March 
2057 
 
31 March 
2021 
 
31 March 
2026 
 
31 March 
2027 
 
31 March 
2057 
 
31 March 
2048 
 
31 March 
2036 
 
31 March 
2033 
 
31 March 
2026 
Final maturity .......................
 
31 March 
2028 
 
31 March 
2030 
 
31 March 
2031 
 
31 March 
2057 
 
31 March 
2021 
 
31 March 
2026 
 
31 March 
2027 
 
31 March 
2057 
 
31 March 
2048 
 
31 March 
2036 
 
31 March 
2033 
 
31 March 
2026 
Early redemption premium ...
 
Higher of par 
and spens 
 
Higher of par 
(after 
indexation) 
and spens 
 
Higher of par 
(after 
indexation) 
and spens 
 
Higher of par 
and spens 
 
Higher of par 
and spens 
 
Higher of par 
(after 
indexation) 
and spens 
 
Higher of par 
(after 
indexation) 
and spens 
 
N/A 
 
Higher of par 
(after 
indexation) 
and spens 
 
Higher of par 
(after 
indexation) 
and spens 
 
Higher of par 
and spens 
 
N/A  
Payment dates for interest 
and principal payments .....
 
31 March 
 
31 March 
30 Sept 
 
31 March 
30 Sept 
 
31 March 
30 Sept 
 
31 March 
 
31 March 
30 Sept 
 
31 March 
30 Sept 
 
31 March 
30 Sept 
 
31 March 
30 Sept 
 
31 March 
30 Sept 
 
31 March 
 
31 March 
Form at issue ........................ 
Bearer form  
Bearer form  
Bearer form  
Bearer form  
Bearer form  
Bearer form  
Bearer form  
Bearer form  
Bearer form  
Bearer form  
Bearer form   
Bearer form  
Common Code ..................... 
012831102 
 
012831170 
 
012906536 
 
027578772 
 
012831196 
 
012831331 
 
012906544 
 
027627889 
 
049783957 
 
17578300 
 
211509244 
 
211511362 
ISIN .....................................
 
XS01283110
23 
 
XS01283117
00 
 
XS01290653
62 
 
XS02757877
28 
 
XS01283119
65 
 
XS01283133
18 
 
XS01290654
46 
 
XS02762788
91 
 
XS04978395
70 
 
XS17578300
8 
 
XS21150924
42 
 
XS21151136
28

--- Page 211 ---
211 
INDEPENDENT AUDITOR – GLAS ACCOUNTS 
The historical consolidated financial statements together with the accompanying directors’ reports of Glas 
Cymru Anghyfyngedig and its subsidiaries as of and for the year ended 31 March 2019 and 31 March 2020 
have been audited by KPMG LLP, independent auditor, as set forth in its reports available from Companies 
House. The independent auditor’s reports for those accounting periods were unqualified. KPMG LLP is a 
member of the ICAEW, the Institute of Chartered Accountants in England and Wales.  
The independent auditor has given and not withdrawn its consent for references to its reports to be included in 
this Prospectus in the form and context in which they are included for purposes of the listing of the Bonds on 
the Official List of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange in accordance with its rule.  
Investors in and purchasers of the Bonds should understand that consistent with guidance issued by ICAEW, 
the Institute of Chartered Accountants in England and Wales, the independent auditor’s report for the year 
ended 31 March 2020 for Glas referred to in this Prospectus states that: the report has been prepared for Glas 
solely in response to a request from Glas for an audit opinion from the independent auditor on the non-
statutory directors’ reports and financial statements; that the report was designed to meet the agreed 
requirements of Glas determined by its needs at the time; that the report should not therefore be regarded as 
suitable to be used or relied on by any party wishing to acquire rights against the independent auditor other 
than Glas for any purpose or in any context; that any party other than Glas who obtains access to the report or 
a copy and chooses to rely on the report (or any part of it) will do so at its own risk; and that to the fullest 
extent permitted by law, the independent auditor will accept no responsibility or liability in respect of the 
report to any other party.  
The independent auditor’s reports for: 
(i) 
the Issuer (for the period ended 31 March 2020); 
(ii) 
DCC (for the years ended 31 March 2019 and 31 March 2020); and  
(iii) 
Glas (for the years ended 31 March 2019 and 31 March 2020)),  
state that that audit report is made solely to the relevant company's members, as a body, in accordance with 
Chapter 3 of Part 16 of the Companies Act 2006. The audit work for that period has been undertaken so that 
the independent auditor might state to the relevant company's members those matters the independent auditor 
is required to state to them in an auditor’s report and for no other purpose. To the fullest extent permitted by 
law, the independent auditor does not accept or assume responsibility to anyone other than the relevant 
company and the relevant company's members as a body for that audit work, for that audit report, or for the 
opinion the independent auditor has formed in respect of that audit.  
In the context of this Prospectus, the independent auditor has confirmed that it does not intend their duty of 
care in respect of its audits to extend to any party, such as investors in and purchasers of the Bonds, other than 
the addressees of its reports. 
The extent to which independent auditors may have responsibility or liability to third parties can be unclear 
under the laws of many jurisdictions, including the United Kingdom. The inclusion of the language referred to 
above, however, may limit the ability of holders of the Bonds to bring any action against the independent 
auditor for damages arising out of an investment in or purchase of the Bonds.

--- Page 212 ---
212 
Investors in and purchasers of the Bonds may therefore have limited or no recourse against the independent 
auditor.

--- Page 213 ---
213 
CHAPTER 10 
SUBSCRIPTION AND SALE 
Subscription and Sale 
Bonds (other than the Class R Bonds) may be sold from time to time by the Issuer to any one or more of 
Barclays Bank PLC, BNP Paribas, HSBC Bank plc, Lloyds Bank Corporate Markets plc, or NatWest Markets 
Plc and any other dealer appointed from time to time (collectively, the “Dealers”) pursuant to an amended 
and restated dealership agreement dated on or about 23 March 2021 made between, inter alia, DCC, the 
Issuer and the Dealers (as further amended from time to time, the “Dealership Agreement”). The 
arrangements under which a particular Sub-Class of Bonds may from time to time be agreed to be sold by the 
Issuer to, and purchased by, particular Dealers are set out in the Dealership Agreement and the subscription 
agreements relating to each Sub-Class of Bonds. The Final Terms will, inter alia, make provision for the form 
and Conditions of the relevant Bonds and the price at which such Bonds will be purchased by the applicable 
Dealers. The Dealership Agreement makes provision for the resignation or termination of appointment of 
existing Dealers and for the appointment of additional or other Dealers either generally in respect of the 
Programme or in relation to a particular Sub-Class, Class or Series of Bonds. 
Selling and Transfer Restrictions of the United States of America 
Selling Restrictions 
The Bonds and any Financial Guarantees in respect thereof have not been and will not be registered under the 
Securities Act and may not be offered or sold within the United States or to, or for the account or benefit of, 
U.S. persons, except in certain transactions exempt from the registration requirements of the Securities Act. 
Bearer Bonds are subject to U.S. tax law requirements and may not be offered, sold or delivered within the 
United States or its possessions or to, or for the account or benefit of, U.S. persons, except in certain 
transactions permitted by U.S. tax regulations. Terms used in this paragraph have the meanings given to them 
by Regulation S under the Securities Act, as amended, or the U.S. Internal Revenue Code of 1986, amended, 
and U.S. Treasury regulations promulgated thereunder as appropriate.  
Each of the Dealers has agreed and each further Dealer under the Programme will be required to agree that it 
will not offer, sell or deliver any Bonds (i) as part of their distribution at any time or (ii) otherwise until 40 
days after the completion of the distribution of each Sub-Class, within the United States or to, or for the 
account or benefit of, U.S. persons except as permitted by the Dealership Agreement and that it will have sent 
to each dealer to which it sells Bonds during this 40 day period a confirmation or other notice setting forth the 
restrictions on offers and sales of the Bonds within the United States or to, or the account or benefit of, U.S. 
persons. The Bonds are being offered and sold outside the United States to non-U.S. persons in reliance on 
Regulation S. In addition, until 40 days after the commencement of the offering, an offer or sale of the Bonds 
within the United States by any dealer (whether or not participating in the offering) may violate the 
registration requirements of the Securities Act. 
This Prospectus has been prepared by the Issuer for use in connection with the offer and sale of the Bonds 
outside the United States. The Issuer and the Dealers reserve the right to reject any offer to purchase the 
Bonds, in whole or in part, for any reason. This Prospectus does not constitute an offer to any person in the 
United States. Distribution of this Prospectus by any non-U.S. person outside the United States to any U.S. 
person or to any other person within the United States, is unauthorised and any disclosure without the prior 
written consent of the Issuer of any of its contents to any such U.S. person or other person within the United 
States, is prohibited.

--- Page 214 ---
214 
Transfer Restrictions 
Each purchaser of the Bonds outside the United States pursuant to Regulation S and each subsequent 
purchaser of such Bonds in resales prior to the expiration of the distribution compliance period, by accepting 
delivery of this Prospectus and the Bonds, will be deemed to have represented, agreed and acknowledged that: 
(a)  
it is, or at the time the Bonds are purchased will be, the beneficial owner of such Bonds and (i) it 
is not a U.S. person and it is located outside the United States (within the meaning of Regulation 
S) and (ii) it is not an affiliate of the Issuer or a person acting on behalf of such an affiliate; 
(b) 
it understands that such Bonds and any Financial Guarantees in respect thereof have not been and 
will not be registered under the Securities Act and that, prior to the expiration of the distribution 
compliance period, it will not offer, sell, pledge or otherwise transfer such Bonds except in an 
offshore transaction in accordance with Rule 903 or Rule 904 of Regulation S, in each case in 
accordance with any applicable securities laws of any State of the United States; 
(c)  
it understands that such Bonds, unless otherwise determined by the Issuer in accordance with 
applicable law, will bear a legend to the following; 
“THIS BOND AND THE FINANCIAL GUARANTEES IN RESPECT THEREOF HAVE NOT 
BEEN AND WILL NOT BE REGISTERED UNDER THE U.S. SECURITIES ACT OF 1933 
(THE “SECURITIES ACT”) OR WITH ANY SECURITIES REGULATORY AUTHORITY OF 
ANY STATE OR OTHER JURISDICTION OF THE UNITED STATES AND MAY NOT BE 
OFFERED, SOLD, PLEDGED OR OTHERWISE TRANSFERRED OR IF IN BEARER FORM, 
DELIVERED, WITHIN THE UNITED STATES EXCEPT PURSUANT TO AN EXEMPTION 
FROM REGISTRATION UNDER THE SECURITIES ACT”; and 
(d)  
it understands that the Issuer, the Registrar, the Dealers and their affiliates, and others will rely 
upon the truth and accuracy of the foregoing acknowledgements, representations and agreements. 
Prohibition of Sales to EEA Retail Investors 
Each Dealer has represented and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be 
required to represent and agree, that it has not offered, sold or otherwise made available and will not offer, sell 
or otherwise make available any Bonds which are the subject of the offering contemplated by this Prospectus 
as completed by the Final Terms in relation thereto to any retail investor in the EEA. For the purposes of this 
provision: 
(i) 
the expression “retail investor” means a person who is one (or more) of the following: 
(a) 
a retail client as defined in point (11) of Article 4(1) of MiFID II; or 
(b) 
a customer within the meaning of the Insurance Distribution Directive, where that customer 
would not qualify as a professional client as defined in point (10) of Article 4(1) of MiFID II; 
and 
(ii) 
the expression “offer” includes the communication in any form and by any means of sufficient 
information on the terms of the offer and the Bonds to be offered so as to enable an investor to decide 
to purchase or subscribe for the Bonds. 
Prohibition of Sales to UK Retail Investors 
Each Dealer has represented and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be 
required to represent and agree, that it has not offered, sold or otherwise made available and will not offer, sell

--- Page 215 ---
215 
or otherwise make available any Bonds which are the subject of the offering contemplated by this Prospectus 
as completed by the Final Terms in relation thereto to any retail investor in the United Kingdom. For the 
purposes of this provision: 
(i) 
the expression “retail investor” means a person who is one (or more) of the following: 
(a) 
a retail “client”, as defined in point (8) of Article 2 of Regulation (EU) No 2017/565 as it forms 
part of UK domestic law by virtue of the EUWA; or 
(b) 
a “customer” within the meaning of the provisions of the FSMA  and any rules or regulations 
made under the FSMA to implement Directive (EU) 2016/97, where that customer would not 
qualify as a professional client, as defined in point (8) of Article 2(1) of Regulation (EU) No 
600/2014 as it forms part of UK domestic law by virtue of the EUWA; and 
(ii) 
the expression “offer” includes the communication in any form and by any means of sufficient 
information on the terms of the offer and the Bonds to be offered so as to enable an investor to decide 
to purchase or subscribe for the Bonds. 
United Kingdom 
Each Dealer has represented and agreed, and each further Dealer under the Programme will be required to 
represent and agree, that: 
(i) 
No-deposit taking: in relation to any Bonds which have a maturity of less than one year, (a) it is a 
person whose ordinary activities involve it in acquiring, holding, managing or disposing of 
investments (as principal or agent) for the purposes of its business and (b) it has not offered or sold and 
will not offer or sell any Bonds other than to persons whose ordinary activities involve them in 
acquiring, holding, managing or disposing of investments (as principal or agent) for the purposes of 
their businesses or who it is reasonable to expect will acquire, hold, manage or dispose of investments 
(as principal or agent) for the purposes of their businesses where the issue of the Bonds would 
otherwise constitute a contravention of section 19 of the Financial Services and Markets Act 2000 (the 
“FSMA”) by the Issuer;  
(ii) 
General compliance: it has complied and will comply with all applicable provisions of the FSMA with 
respect to anything done by it in relation to any Bonds in, from or otherwise involving the United 
Kingdom; and 
(iii) 
Investment advertisements: it has only communicated or caused to be communicated and will only 
communicate or cause to be communicated an invitation or inducement to engage in investment 
activity (within the meaning of Section 21 of the FSMA) received by it in connection with the issue or 
sale of any Bonds in circumstances in which Section 21(1) of the FSMA does not apply to the Issuer or 
the Financial Guarantor. 
Singapore 
Each Dealer has acknowledged, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be required to 
acknowledge, that this Prospectus has not been registered as a prospectus with the Monetary Authority of 
Singapore. Accordingly, each Dealer has represented and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the 
Programme will be required to represent and agree, that it has not offered or sold any Bonds or caused the 
Bonds to be made the subject of an invitation for subscription or purchase and will not offer or sell any Bonds 
or cause the Bonds to be made the subject of an invitation for subscription or purchase, and has not circulated 
or distributed, nor will it circulate or distribute, this Prospectus or any other document or material in 
connection with the offer or sale, or invitation for subscription or purchase, of the Bonds, whether directly or

--- Page 216 ---
216 
indirectly, to any person in Singapore other than (i) to an institutional investor (as defined in Section 4A of the 
Securities and Futures Act (Chapter 289) of Singapore, as modified or amended from time to time (the 
“SFA”)) pursuant to Section 274 of the SFA, (ii) to a relevant person (as defined in Section 275(2) of the 
SFA) pursuant to Section 275(1) of the SFA, or any person pursuant to Section 275(1A) of the SFA, and in 
accordance with the conditions specified in Section 275 of the SFA, or (iii) otherwise pursuant to, and in 
accordance with the conditions of, any other applicable provision of the SFA. 
Where Bonds are subscribed or purchased under Section 275 of the SFA by a relevant person which is: 
(a) 
a corporation (which is not an accredited investor (as defined in Section 4A of the SFA)) the sole 
business of which is to hold investments and the entire share capital of which is owned by one or 
more individuals, each of whom is an accredited investor; or 
(b) 
a trust (where the trustee is not an accredited investor) whose sole purpose is to hold investments and 
each beneficiary of the trust is an individual who is an accredited investor, 
securities or securities-based derivatives contracts (each term as defined in Section 2(1) of the SFA) of that 
corporation or the beneficiaries’ rights and interest (howsoever described) in that trust shall not be transferred 
within six months after that corporation or that trust has acquired the Bonds pursuant to an offer made under 
Section 275 of the SFA except: 
(i) 
to an institutional investor or to a relevant person, or to any person arising from an offer referred to in 
Section 275(1A) or Section 276(4)(i)(B) of the SFA; 
(ii) 
where no consideration is or will be given for the transfer; 
(iii) 
where the transfer is by operation of law;  
(iv) 
as specified in Section 276(7) of the SFA; or 
(v) 
as specified in Regulation 37A of the Securities and Futures (Offers of Investments) (Securities and 
Securities-based Derivatives Contracts) Regulations 2018. 
Singapore SFA Product Classification – In connection with Section 309B of the SFA and the CMP Regulations 
2018, unless otherwise specified before an offer of Bonds, the Issuer has determined, and hereby notifies all 
relevant persons (as defined in Section 309A(1) of the SFA), that the Bonds are capital markets products other 
than prescribed capital markets products (as defined in the CMP Regulations 2018). 
 
General 
Save for obtaining the approval of the Prospectus by the CSSF for the approval of this Prospectus as a base 
prospectus for the purposes of Article 8 of the EU Prospectus Regulation and for the approval for the Bonds 
to be issued under the Programme for the period of 12 months from the date of this Prospectus to be admitted 
to the Official List of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange and admitted to trading on the “Bourse de 
Luxembourg” of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange Regulated Market, no action has been or will be taken in 
any country or jurisdiction by the Issuer or any of the Other Parties that would permit a public offering of 
Bonds, or possession or distribution of any offering material in relation thereto, in any country or jurisdiction 
where action for that purpose is required. Persons into whose hands this Prospectus or any Final Terms comes 
are required by the Issuer and the Other Parties to comply with all applicable laws and regulations in each 
country or jurisdiction in or from which they purchase, offer, sell or deliver Bonds or have in their possession 
or distribute such offering material, in all cases at their own expense. 
The Dealership Agreement provides that the Dealers shall not be bound by any of the restrictions relating to 
any specific jurisdiction (set out above) to the extent that such restrictions shall, as a result of change(s) or

--- Page 217 ---
217 
change(s) in official interpretation, after the date hereof, in applicable laws and regulations, no longer be 
applicable but without prejudice to the obligations of the Dealers above. 
Selling restrictions may be supplemented or modified with the agreement of the Issuer. Any such supplement 
or modification will be set out in the relevant Final Terms (in the case of a supplement or modification 
relevant only to a particular Sub-Class or Class of Bonds) or (in any other case) in a supplement to this 
document.

--- Page 218 ---
218 
CHAPTER 11 
GENERAL INFORMATION 
1. 
Application has been made to the Luxembourg Stock Exchange for the Bonds issued under the 
Programme to be admitted to the Official List of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange and admitted to 
trading on the Luxembourg Stock Exchange Regulated Market.  
2. 
The establishment of the Programme was authorised by resolutions of the board of directors of the 
Issuer passed on 3 May 2001 and the most recent update of the Programme was authorised by 
resolutions of the board of directors and the Finance Committee of the Issuer passed on 4 March 2021 
and 18 March 2021 respectively. The Issuer has obtained or will obtain from time to time all necessary 
consents, approvals and authorisations in connection with the issue and performance of the Bonds. 
3. 
The Bonds have been accepted for clearance through Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg. The 
appropriate common code and ISIN for each Sub-Class of Bonds allocated by Euroclear and 
Clearstream, Luxembourg will be specified in the applicable Final Terms. If the Bonds are to clear 
through an additional or alternative clearing system, the appropriate information will be specified in 
the applicable Final Terms. 
4. 
The address of Euroclear is 1 Boulevard du Roi Albert II, B-1210 Brussels, Belgium and the address of 
Clearstream, Luxembourg is 42 Avenue JF Kennedy L-1855 Luxembourg. The address of any 
alternative clearing system will be specified in the applicable Final Terms. 
5. 
The Legal Entity Identifier code of the Issuer is 213800GDOFO2ED5PNC85. 
6. 
Global Bonds (other than Temporary Global Bonds) and Definitive Bonds and any Coupons, Receipts 
and Talons appertaining thereto will bear a legend to the following effect where TEFRA D is specified 
in the relevant Final Terms: “Any United States person who holds this obligation will be subject to 
limitations under the United States income tax laws, including the limitations provided in Sections 
165(j) and 1287(a) of the Internal Revenue Code.” The sections referred to in such legend provide that 
a United States person who holds a Bond, Coupon, Receipt or Talon generally will not be allowed to 
deduct any loss realised on the sale, exchange or redemption of such Bond, Coupon, Receipt or Talon 
and any gain (which might otherwise be characterised as capital gain) recognised on such sale, 
exchange or redemption will be treated as ordinary income.  
7. 
Neither the Issuer, DCC nor Glas is or has been involved in any governmental, legal or arbitration 
proceedings (including any such proceedings which are pending or threatened of which the Issuer, 
DCC or Glas is aware) during the 12 months preceding the date of this Prospectus, which may have, or 
has had in the recent past, significant effects on the financial position or profitability of the Issuer, 
DCC, Glas and/or the Glas Group. 
8. 
The accounting reference date of the Issuer is 31 March and its first statutory accounts were drawn up 
in respect of the period ended 31 March 2020. The latest published audited annual financial 
statements, interim financial statements and all future audited annual financial statements and interim 
financial statements of the Issuer will be available free of charge in accordance with paragraph 13 
below. 
9. 
The latest audited financial statements of DCC and Glas have been prepared as of 31 March 2020. 
DCC. The latest published audited annual financial statements, interim financial statements and all 
future audited annual financial statements and interim financial statements of DCC and Glas will be 
available free of charge in accordance with paragraph 13 below.

--- Page 219 ---
219 
10. 
Since 31 March 2020, the date of the last audited annual financial statements, there has been no 
significant change in the financial position and performance of the Issuer, DCC or Glas, nor any 
material adverse change in the financial position or prospects of the Issuer, DCC or Glas. 
11. 
Since 31 March 2020, the date of the last audited annual financial statements of DCC, there has been 
no significant change in the financial performance of the Group. 
12. 
The financial statements of Glas and DCC have been audited for each of the two financial years 
immediately preceding the date of this Prospectus by the Glas Group Auditor and were not qualified. 
The financial statements of the Issuer were audited for the period immediately preceding the date of 
this Prospectus by the Issuer Auditor and were not qualified.  
13. 
For so long as the Programme remains in effect or any Bonds shall be outstanding (and in case of 
documents listed in (d), (e) and (g) below, for so long as any Class A Bonds only shall be outstanding), 
copies of the following documents, may be inspected during normal business hours (in the case of 
Bearer Bonds) at the specified offices of the Principal Paying Agent and the Luxembourg Listing 
Agent, (in the case of Registered Bonds) at the specified office of the Registrar and the Transfer 
Agents and (in all cases) at the registered office of the Issuer or the Bond Trustee, in the case of the 
documents referred to in items (e) to (i) inclusive, for collection free of charge during normal business 
hours at the specified office of the Luxembourg Listing Agent and/or the office of the Issuer, and the 
documents 
referred 
to 
in 
items 
(a) 
to 
(d) 
inclusive 
may 
be 
inspected 
at 
https://www.gov.uk/government/organisations/companies-house, and the document listed in (u) may be 
inspected at https://corporate.dwrcymru.com/en: 
(a) 
the Issuer’s Memorandum and Articles of Association; 
(b) 
DCC’s Memorandum and Articles of Association; 
(c) 
Glas’ Memorandum and Articles of Association; 
(d) 
Assured Guaranty UK Limited’s Memorandum and Articles of Association; 
(e) 
Assured Guaranty Corp.’s By-laws; 
(f) 
the auditor’s reports from the Glas Group Auditor in respect of latest annual audited financial 
statements of the Issuer, Glas and DCC; 
(g) 
the auditor’s report from the auditor of Assured Guaranty UK Limited, PricewaterhouseCoopers 
LLP, in respect of the latest annual audited financial statements of Assured Guaranty UK 
Limited; 
(h) 
each Final Terms relating to each Sub-Class of Bonds issued under the Programme; 
(i) 
each Financial Guarantee and all related Endorsements relating to each Sub-Class of Class A 
Bonds issued under the Programme; 
(j) 
each Intercompany Loan Agreement relating to each Series of Bonds issued under the 
Programme; 
(k) 
the Common Terms Agreement and any amendment thereto; 
(l) 
the DCC STID; 
(m) 
the Deed of Amendment to DCC STID; 
(n) 
the DCC Deed of Charge; 
(o) 
the Holdings Deed of Charge;

--- Page 220 ---
220 
(p) 
the Glas Securities Deed of Charge; 
(q) 
the Glas Deed of Charge; 
(r) 
the Glas Holdings Deed of Charge; 
(s) 
each Finance Lease; 
(t) 
the DCC Account Bank Agreement; 
(u) 
the Trust Deed (as amended and restated); 
(v) 
the Deeds of Amendment to the Trust Deed; 
(w) 
the Master Framework Agreement (as amended and restated); 
(x) 
the Deed of Amendment to the Master Framework Agreement; 
(y) 
the Issuer Deed of Charge; 
(z) 
the Issuer STID and any amendment thereto; 
(aa) 
each Liquidity Facility Agreement; 
(bb) 
each Hedging Agreement; 
(cc) 
the Issuer Account Bank Agreement; 
(dd) 
the Paying Agency Agreement; 
(ee) 
the Tax Deed of Covenant; 
(ff) 
the Authorised Loan Facilities; 
(gg) 
a copy of this Prospectus; 
(hh) 
a copy of the prospectus dated 11 November 2019 and a copy of the prospectus supplement 
dated 7 February 2020 in respect of the Programme; 
(ii) 
a copy of the prospectus dated 20 December 2017 in respect of the Programme; 
(jj) 
a copy of the prospectus dated 21 June 2011 in respect of the Programme; 
(kk) 
a copy of the prospectus dated 19 March 2010 in respect of the Programme; 
(ll) 
a copy of the prospectus dated 4 December 2006 in respect of the Programme; 
(mm) a copy of the Information Memorandum dated 7 April 2003 in respect of the Programme; and 
(nn) 
a copy of the Information Memorandum dated 4 May 2001 in respect of the Programme. 
This Prospectus, any supplements hereto and the Final Terms for Bonds that are listed on the Official 
List and admitted to trading on the Luxembourg Stock Exchange’s regulated market will be published 
on the website of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange (www. bourse.lu). 
14. 
The information with respect to Glas Securities, Holdings and the WSRA’s assessment for water and 
sewerage companies contained in Chapter 4 “DCC, the Issuer, the Glas Group and Glas Holdings” has 
been accurately reproduced and as far as the Issuer is aware and is able to ascertain from such 
information, no facts have been omitted which would render the reproduced information inaccurate or 
misleading. Such information with respect to Glas Securities and Holdings contained herein has been 
obtained from each of Glas Securities and Holdings, respectively.

--- Page 221 ---
221 
15. 
Neither the Issuer nor DCC has entered into contracts outside the ordinary course of their business, 
which could result in the Issuer or DCC being under an obligation or entitlement that is material to 
each of their ability to meet, in the case of the Issuer, its obligations to holders of any Bonds and, in the 
case of DCC, its obligations to the Issuer under any Intercompany Loan Agreement. 
16. 
The hyperlinks included in this Prospectus (other than any hyperlinks specified in the section titled 
“Documents Incorporated by Reference”), or included in any documents incorporated by reference 
into the Prospectus, and the websites and their content are not incorporated into, and do not form part 
of, this Prospectus.  
17. 
The issue price and the amount of the relevant Bonds to be issued under the Programme will be 
determined, before filing of relevant Final Terms of each Sub-Class, by the Issuer and each relevant 
Dealer at the time of issue in accordance with prevailing market conditions. Other than the information 
issued under the Investors’ Report (see Chapter 6 “Financing Structure” – “Common Terms 
Agreement” for details), the Issuer does not intend to provide any post-issuance information regarding 
securities to be admitted to trading and the performance of the underlying collateral.  
18. 
Certain of the Dealers and their affiliates have engaged, and may in the future engage, in investment 
banking and/or commercial banking transactions with, and may perform services for, the Issuer and 
their affiliates in the ordinary course of business. Certain of the Dealers may from time to time also 
enter into swap and other derivative transactions with the Issuer and/or DCC and their respective 
affiliates. In addition, in the ordinary course of their business activities, the Dealers and their affiliates 
may make or hold a broad array of investments and actively trade debt and equity securities (or related 
derivative securities) and financial instruments (including bank loans) for their own account and for 
the accounts of their customers. Such investments and securities activities may involve securities 
and/or instruments of the Issuer or the Issuer’s affiliates. Certain of the Dealers or their affiliates that 
have a lending relationship with the Issuer routinely hedge their credit exposure to the Issuer consistent 
with their customary risk management policies. Typically, such Dealers and their affiliates would 
hedge such exposure by entering into transactions which consist of either the purchase of credit default 
swaps or the creation of short positions in securities, including potentially the Bonds issued under the 
Programme. Any such short positions could adversely affect future trading prices of Bonds issued 
under the Programme. The Dealers and their affiliates may also make investment recommendations 
and/or publish or express independent research views in respect of such securities or financial 
instruments and may hold, or recommend to clients that they acquire long and/or short positions in 
such securities and instruments.

--- Page 222 ---
222 
INDEX OF DEFINED TERMS  
The following terms are used throughout this Prospectus. The page number(s) opposite a term indicates the page(s) 
on which such term is defined.  
$ .................................................................................................................................................................................. 8 
£ .................................................................................................................................................................................. 8 
€ .................................................................................................................................................................................. 8 
30/360 ..................................................................................................................................................................... 163 
360/360 ................................................................................................................................................................... 163 
Account Bank ........................................................................................................................................................... 51 
Accountholder......................................................................................................................................................... 188 
Actual/360 .............................................................................................................................................................. 163 
Actual/365 .............................................................................................................................................................. 163 
Actual/365 (Fixed) .................................................................................................................................................. 163 
Actual/Actual .......................................................................................................................................................... 163 
Actual/Actual (ICMA) ............................................................................................................................................ 163 
Additional Amounts ................................................................................................................................................. 116 
Affected Standstill Creditor .................................................................................................................................... 125 
Affiliate ................................................................................................................................................................... 173 
Agent Bank ............................................................................................................................................................... 51 
Agents ..............................................................................................................................................................128, 175 
Annual Finance Charge ........................................................................................................................................... 118 
Annual Period ........................................................................................................................................................... 89 
Appropriate Indemnity .............................................................................................................................................. 89 
Arranger .................................................................................................................................................................... 49 
Assured Guaranty ....................................................................................................................................................... 1 
Authorised Lender .................................................................................................................................................... 52 
Authorised Lenders ................................................................................................................................................. 143 
Authorised Loan Facilities ...................................................................................................................................... 143 
Authorised Loan Facility .......................................................................................................................................... 18 
Available Monies .................................................................................................................................................... 120 
Bankruptcy Law........................................................................................................................................................ 90 
Base Cash Flows ....................................................................................................................................................... 78

--- Page 223 ---
223 
Base Currency ............................................................................................................................................................ 11 
Base Index Figure ................................................................................................................................................... 167 
Basic Terms Modifications ..................................................................................................................................... 179 
Bearer Bonds .......................................................................................................................................................1, 144 
Benchmark Gilt ....................................................................................................................................................... 170 
Beneficiary Instructing Group .................................................................................................................................. 89 
BIG Outstanding Principal Amount .......................................................................................................................... 89 
BNP Paribas Group ................................................................................................................................................. 204 
Bond Basis .............................................................................................................................................................. 163 
Bond Trustee .................................................................................................................................................. 1, 50, 142 
Bondholder ................................................................................................................................................ 50, 145, 188 
Bonds ...................................................................................................................................................................1, 144 
business day ............................................................................................................................................................ 176 
Business Day .......................................................................................................................................................... 162 
Calculation Date ....................................................................................................................................................... 99 
Calculation Period .................................................................................................................................................. 163 
Capex Reserve Facility Amount ............................................................................................................................. 102 
Cash Manager ........................................................................................................................................................... 50 
Claims ..................................................................................................................................................................... 121 
Class .............................................................................................................................................................. 1, 12, 144 
Class A Bonds ................................................................................................................................................ 1, 12, 144 
Class B Bonds ................................................................................................................................................ 1, 12, 144 
Class C Bonds ................................................................................................................................................ 1, 12, 144 
Class D Bonds................................................................................................................................................ 1, 12, 144 
Class R Bonds ................................................................................................................................................ 1, 12, 144 
Class R Extension Amount ..................................................................................................................................... 173 
Class R Further Drawing Date ................................................................................................................................ 173 
Clearstream, Luxembourg......................................................................................................................................... 13 
Common Terms Agreement ...................................................................................................................................... 93 
Company Information ............................................................................................................................................. 149 
Competition Act ........................................................................................................................................................ 24 
Conditions .................................................................................................................................................. 21, 142, 191 
Conditions of Appointment ....................................................................................................................................... 55

--- Page 224 ---
224 
Confirmation of Instruction ...................................................................................................................................... 88 
Couponholders ........................................................................................................................................................ 145 
Coupons .............................................................................................................................................................13, 145 
Court ......................................................................................................................................................................... 73 
CSSF ........................................................................................................................................................................... 1 
Current Authorised Lender ....................................................................................................................................... 52 
Current Authorised Loan Facilities ......................................................................................................................... 136 
Current DCC Hedge Agreements............................................................................................................................ 140 
Current DCC Hedge Counterparties ..................................................................................................................51, 140 
Current Issuer Hedge Counterparties ........................................................................................................................ 51 
Custodian .................................................................................................................................................................. 90 
Customer Payments Account ................................................................................................................................... 117 
Customer Rebate Ledger ........................................................................................................................................ 120 
Day Count Fraction ................................................................................................................................................. 163 
DCC ...................................................................................................................................................................49, 148 
DCC Account Bank Agreement ............................................................................................................................... 117 
DCC Accounts .......................................................................................................................................................... 55 
DCC Auditors ........................................................................................................................................................... 55 
DCC Deed of Charge .............................................................................................................................................. 105 
DCC Events of Default ........................................................................................................................................... 105 
DCC Finance Leases ................................................................................................................................................. 97 
DCC Hedge Counterparty ....................................................................................................................................... 121 
DCC Information ........................................................................................................................................................ 3 
DCC Obligations .................................................................................................................................................... 135 
DCC Payments......................................................................................................................................................... 119 
DCC Post-Enforcement Payments Priorities .......................................................................................................... 126 
DCC Qualifying Debt Representative ...................................................................................................................... 89 
DCC Secured Creditors ............................................................................................................................................ 93 
DCC Security ...................................................................................................................................................105, 148 
DCC Security Documents ......................................................................................................................................... 94 
DCC Security Trustee ............................................................................................................................................... 50 
DCC Standstill Priority ........................................................................................................................................... 121 
DCC STID ................................................................................................................................................................ 86

--- Page 225 ---
225 
DCC Transaction Documents ................................................................................................................................... 94 
DCC’s Accounts....................................................................................................................................................... 117 
Dealers ....................................................................................................................................................... 49, 143, 213 
Dealership Agreement......................................................................................................................................143, 213 
Debt Service Ledger ................................................................................................................................................ 119 
Debt Service Payment Account ............................................................................................................................... 117 
Deeds of Charge ..................................................................................................................................................... 106 
Default Situation ....................................................................................................................................................... 90 
Definitive Bonds ................................................................................................................................................13, 185 
DEFRA ..................................................................................................................................................................... 70 
DGWS ...................................................................................................................................................................... 22 
EIN Signatories ......................................................................................................................................................... 88 
Emergency Instruction Notice .................................................................................................................................. 88 
EPA ........................................................................................................................................................................... 79 
Equipment ............................................................................................................................................................... 132 
EU Prospectus Regulation ......................................................................................... 1, 3, 7, 11, 18, 48, 144, 191, 216 
euro .............................................................................................................................................................. 8, 164, 165 
Euroclear ................................................................................................................................................................... 13 
Expected Maturity Date ............................................................................................................................................ 15 
Expert...................................................................................................................................................................... 169 
Extraordinary Resolution ........................................................................................................................................ 179 
FG Event of Default .................................................................................................................................................. 90 
Fifth Standstill Vote ................................................................................................................................................. 110 
Finance Lease ......................................................................................................................................................... 132 
Finance Leases ...................................................................................................................................................51, 132 
Finance Lessor ........................................................................................................................................................ 132 
Finance Lessors .................................................................................................................................................51, 132 
Financial Guarantee ...........................................................................................................................................14, 142 
Financial Guarantor ................................................................................................................................................ 142 
Fixed Rate Bonds .................................................................................................................................................... 144 
Fixtures ................................................................................................................................................................... 132 
Floating Rate Bonds ............................................................................................................................................... 144 
Fourth Issue Date ....................................................................................................................................................... 11

--- Page 226 ---
226 
Fourth Standstill Vote .............................................................................................................................................. 110 
FSMA ..................................................................................................................................................................... 215 
Further Liquidity Accounts ..................................................................................................................................... 128 
G&R Agreement ...................................................................................................................................................... 115 
General Ledger ....................................................................................................................................................... 120 
Glas ....................................................................................................................................................................49, 148 
Glas Auditors ............................................................................................................................................................ 66 
Glas Deed of Charge ............................................................................................................................................... 106 
Glas Group ................................................................................................................................................................ 49 
Glas Group Auditors ................................................................................................................................................. 66 
Glas Guarantee........................................................................................................................................................ 106 
Glas Holdings Deed of Charge ............................................................................................................................... 107 
Glas Holdings Secured Liabilities .......................................................................................................................... 107 
Glas Holdings Security Documents ........................................................................................................................ 107 
Glas Information ......................................................................................................................................................... 3 
Glas Securities .......................................................................................................................................................... 49 
Glas Securities Deed of Charge .............................................................................................................................. 106 
Glas Securities Guarantee ....................................................................................................................................... 106 
Glas Securities Security .......................................................................................................................................... 106 
Glas Security ....................................................................................................................................................106, 107 
Global Bond .......................................................................................................................................................13, 184 
Gross Redemption Yield ......................................................................................................................................... 170 
Guarantee and Reimbursement Agreement............................................................................................................. 147 
Guarantees .............................................................................................................................................................. 106 
Guarantor .................................................................................................................................................................. 49 
Guarantor Security ................................................................................................................................... 106, 107, 148 
Hedge Counterparties ............................................................................................................................................. 143 
holder ...................................................................................................................................................................... 145 
Holder ..................................................................................................................................................................... 145 
holding company ................................................................................................................. 44, 49, 53, 64, 66, 76, 101 
Holdings.................................................................................................................................................................... 49 
Holdings Deed of Charge ....................................................................................................................................... 106 
Holdings Guarantee .........................................................................................................................................106, 107

--- Page 227 ---
227 
Holdings Security ................................................................................................................................................... 106 
ICR ........................................................................................................................................................................... 99 
IFRS .......................................................................................................................................................................... 55 
IIG Outstanding Principal Amount ........................................................................................................................... 91 
Independent Review ............................................................................................................................................... 103 
Index ....................................................................................................................................................................... 168 
Index Event ............................................................................................................................................................. 171 
Index Figure ............................................................................................................................................................ 168 
Index Ratio ............................................................................................................................................................. 167 
Indexation Adviser .................................................................................................................................................. 168 
Indexed Bonds ........................................................................................................................................................ 144 
Initial Issue Date ............................................................................................................................................ 1, 11, 142 
Initial Liquidity Account ......................................................................................................................................... 128 
inset ........................................................................................................................................................................... 72 
Insolvency Law ......................................................................................................................................................... 90 
Instrument of Appointment ....................................................................................................................................... 54 
Insurance Distribution Directive ..........................................................................................................................4, 214 
Insurance Proceeds Ledger ...................................................................................................................................... 119 
Intercompany Loan Agreement................................................................................................................................. 92 
Intercompany Loan Agreements ............................................................................................................................. 148 
Intercreditor Arrangements ....................................................................................................................................... 86 
Intercreditor Issues .................................................................................................................................................. 181 
Intercreditor Parties .................................................................................................................................................. 86 
Interest Commencement Date ................................................................................................................................. 165 
Interest Determination Date .................................................................................................................................... 165 
Interest Payment Date ............................................................................................................................................. 165 
Interest Period ......................................................................................................................................................... 165 
Interest Rate ............................................................................................................................................................ 165 
Interim Determination............................................................................................................................................... 78 
Investors’ Report ....................................................................................................................................................... 20 
ISDA Definitions .................................................................................................................................................... 165 
ISDA Rate ............................................................................................................................................................... 153 
Issue Date .......................................................................................................................................................... 11, 165

--- Page 228 ---
228 
Issuer ..................................................................................................................................................................... 1, 49 
Issuer Account Bank Agreement ............................................................................................................................. 128 
Issuer Accounts ....................................................................................................................................................... 128 
Issuer Auditors .......................................................................................................................................................... 63 
Issuer Common Terms ............................................................................................................................................. 111 
Issuer Deed of Charge ............................................................................................................................................... 14 
Issuer Event of Default ........................................................................................................................................... 177 
Issuer Instructing Group ........................................................................................................................................... 91 
Issuer Operating Accounts ...................................................................................................................................... 128 
Issuer Payment Date ................................................................................................................................................. 15 
Issuer Post-Enforcement Payments Priorities ......................................................................................................... 130 
Issuer Pre-Enforcement Payments Priorities........................................................................................................... 128 
Issuer Qualifying Debt Representative ..................................................................................................................... 91 
Issuer Secured Creditors .................................................................................................................................. 112, 143 
Issuer Security ...................................................................................................................................................14, 143 
Issuer Security Trustee .......................................................................................................................................50, 143 
Issuer STID ........................................................................................................................................................86, 143 
Issuer Transaction Documents ................................................................................................................................ 144 
L Advance ................................................................................................................................................................ 117 
LIBOR ...............................................................................................................................................................36, 165 
Licensee .................................................................................................................................................................... 56 
Licensees .................................................................................................................................................................. 81 
Limited Index Ratio ................................................................................................................................................ 167 
Limited Indexation Factor ...................................................................................................................................... 168 
Limited Indexation Month ...................................................................................................................................... 168 
Limited Indexed Bonds ........................................................................................................................................... 168 
Liquidity Accounts .................................................................................................................................................. 128 
Liquidity Facility .................................................................................................................................................... 137 
Liquidity Facility Agreements ................................................................................................................................ 143 
Liquidity Facility Provider........................................................................................................................................ 19 
Liquidity Facility Providers .................................................................................................................................... 143 
Liquidity Shortfall .................................................................................................................................................. 138 
Local Authority Loans .............................................................................................................................................. 96

--- Page 229 ---
229 
Losses ..................................................................................................................................................................... 134 
Luxembourg Paying Agent ....................................................................................................................................... 50 
Luxembourg Stock Exchange Regulated Market ........................................................................................................ 1 
Luxembourg Transfer Agent ..................................................................................................................................... 50 
Margin .................................................................................................................................................................... 165 
Master Framework Agreement ........................................................................................................................ 111, 143 
Material Adverse Effect ............................................................................................................................................ 95 
Material Entity Event ................................................................................................................................................ 94 
Maturity Date .......................................................................................................................................................... 145 
Member States ............................................................................................................................................................ 8 
MIFID II ..................................................................................................................................................................... 4 
MIFID II Product Governance .............................................................................................................................4, 190 
MIFID II Product Governance Rules .......................................................................................................................... 4 
month ....................................................................................................................................................................... 116 
Most Senior Class of Bonds .................................................................................................................................... 178 
Moveables ............................................................................................................................................................... 132 
Net Capex Requirement .......................................................................................................................................... 102 
Net Cash Flow .......................................................................................................................................................... 99 
Net Debt Service ....................................................................................................................................................... 99 
New Money Advance .............................................................................................................................................. 116 
Nord ........................................................................................................................................................................ 132 
Notified Item ............................................................................................................................................................. 78 
Notional Liquidity Advance .................................................................................................................................... 125 
Notional Liquidity Ledger ...................................................................................................................................... 125 
Obligor .................................................................................................................................................................... 108 
Order ........................................................................................................................................................................... 6 
Other Parties ............................................................................................................................................................... 3 
Outsourcing Policy ................................................................................................................................................... 96 
Overdraft Bank ........................................................................................................................................................ 118 
Overdraft Facility ..................................................................................................................................................... 118 
Participating Member State..................................................................................................................................... 166 
Participating Member States ................................................................................................................................... 166 
Paying Agency Agreement ...................................................................................................................................... 142

--- Page 230 ---
230 
Paying Agents ....................................................................................................................................................50, 142 
Payments Account ................................................................................................................................................... 117 
Permanent Global Bond .......................................................................................................................................... 184 
Permitted Acquisitions .............................................................................................................................................. 98 
Permitted Business .................................................................................................................................................... 96 
Permitted Disposals .................................................................................................................................................. 97 
Permitted Encumbrances .......................................................................................................................................... 97 
Permitted Indebtedness ............................................................................................................................................. 97 
Permitted Treasury Transaction ................................................................................................................................ 98 
PRIIPs Regulation ...............................................................................................................................................4, 190 
Principal Amount Outstanding ................................................................................................................................ 166 
Principal Paying Agent ......................................................................................................................................50, 142 
Principal Transfer Agent ........................................................................................................................................... 50 
Programme .................................................................................................................................................................. 1 
Proportion ................................................................................................................................................................. 88 
Qualified DCC Secured Creditor .............................................................................................................................. 91 
Qualifying Debt ........................................................................................................................................................ 92 
Qualifying Debt Representative ................................................................................................................................ 92 
quarter-end ................................................................................................................................................................ 20 
R Advances .............................................................................................................................................................. 116 
RAR .......................................................................................................................................................................... 99 
RAV .......................................................................................................................................................................... 99 
RDD Account .......................................................................................................................................................... 117 
Receiptholders ........................................................................................................................................................ 145 
Receipts .................................................................................................................................................................. 145 
Receipts Account ..................................................................................................................................................... 117 
Record Date ............................................................................................................................................................ 174 
Redemption Amount ............................................................................................................................................... 166 
Reference Banks ..................................................................................................................................................... 166 
Reference Date........................................................................................................................................................ 170 
Reference Gilt ......................................................................................................................................................... 168 
Register ................................................................................................................................................................... 145 
Registered Bond Certificate .................................................................................................................................... 145

--- Page 231 ---
231 
Registered Bonds .................................................................................................................................................1, 144 
Registrar .............................................................................................................................................................50, 142 
Regulation S Global Registered Bond Certificate .................................................................................................... 14 
Relevant Changes of Circumstance .......................................................................................................................... 78 
Relevant Currency .................................................................................................................................................. 166 
Relevant Date.......................................................................................................................................................... 166 
relevant persons .......................................................................................................................................................... 6 
Relevant Series Proportion ...................................................................................................................................... 116 
Relevant Standstill Creditor .................................................................................................................................... 125 
Relevant Subsidiaries .............................................................................................................................................. 101 
Relevant Year ........................................................................................................................................................... 118 
Rental ...................................................................................................................................................................... 133 
Rental Payment Date .............................................................................................................................................. 133 
Requisite Ratings .................................................................................................................................................... 138 
Reserves Account ..................................................................................................................................................... 117 
Restricted Payment ................................................................................................................................................... 96 
Revolving Advance .................................................................................................................................................. 116 
Revolving Tranche ................................................................................................................................................... 116 
Scheduled Interest Amount ..................................................................................................................................... 109 
Second Issue Date .................................................................................................................................................. 1, 11 
Second Standstill Vote ............................................................................................................................................. 110 
Secretary of State ...................................................................................................................................................... 23 
Securities Act .............................................................................................................................................................. 6 
Security Trustee ........................................................................................................................................................ 86 
Security Trustees ....................................................................................................................................................... 86 
Senior Bonds ............................................................................................................................................................. 99 
Senior RAR ............................................................................................................................................................. 100 
Senior Total Net Indebtedness ................................................................................................................................ 100 
Series ............................................................................................................................................................. 1, 12, 144 
Series Ledger .......................................................................................................................................................... 128 
special administration petition period ....................................................................................................................... 74 
Specified Duration .................................................................................................................................................. 166 
Stabilisation Manager(s) ............................................................................................................................................. 8

--- Page 232 ---
232 
Standstill ................................................................................................................................................................. 109 
Standstill Cash Manager ........................................................................................................................................... 50 
Standstill Creditors ................................................................................................................................................. 121 
Standstill Event ....................................................................................................................................................... 109 
Standstill Extension ................................................................................................................................................. 110 
Standstill Ledgers ................................................................................................................................................... 123 
Standstill Period ...................................................................................................................................................... 109 
sterling ........................................................................................................................................................................ 8 
Sub-Class ....................................................................................................................................................... 1, 12, 144 
Subordinated Authorised Loan Amounts ................................................................................................................. 116 
Subordinated Commissions ..................................................................................................................................... 116 
Subordinated Coupon Amounts ....................................................................................................................... 116, 142 
Subordinated Interest ............................................................................................................................................... 116 
Subordinated Liquidity Facility Amounts ................................................................................................................ 116 
Supply Agreements ................................................................................................................................................. 132 
Talonholders ........................................................................................................................................................... 145 
Talons .................................................................................................................................................................13, 145 
TARGET Settlement Day ....................................................................................................................................... 167 
TARGET system ..................................................................................................................................................... 167 
TEFRA C Rules ...................................................................................................................................................... 184 
TEFRA D Rules ...................................................................................................................................................... 184 
Temporary Global Bond ......................................................................................................................................... 184 
Term Advance ........................................................................................................................................................... 83 
Third Issue Date ..................................................................................................................................................... 1, 11 
Third Standstill Vote ................................................................................................................................................ 110 
Tier 1 Claim ............................................................................................................................................................ 121 
Tier 1 Creditor ........................................................................................................................................................ 124 
Tier 1 Ledger .......................................................................................................................................................... 124 
Tier 10 Claim .......................................................................................................................................................... 123 
Tier 10 Creditor ...................................................................................................................................................... 124 
Tier 10 Ledger ........................................................................................................................................................ 124 
Tier 10 Sub-Ledgers ............................................................................................................................................... 124 
Tier 11 Claim .......................................................................................................................................................... 123

--- Page 233 ---
233 
Tier 11 Ledger ......................................................................................................................................................... 124 
Tier 12 Claim .......................................................................................................................................................... 123 
Tier 12 Ledger ........................................................................................................................................................ 124 
Tier 12 Sub-Ledgers ............................................................................................................................................... 124 
Tier 13 Claim .......................................................................................................................................................... 123 
Tier 13 Ledger ........................................................................................................................................................ 124 
Tier 14 Claim .......................................................................................................................................................... 123 
Tier 14 Ledger ........................................................................................................................................................ 124 
Tier 2 Claim ............................................................................................................................................................ 121 
Tier 2 Creditor ........................................................................................................................................................ 124 
Tier 2 Ledger .......................................................................................................................................................... 124 
Tier 2 Sub-Ledgers ................................................................................................................................................. 124 
Tier 3 Claim ............................................................................................................................................................ 121 
Tier 3 Creditor ........................................................................................................................................................ 124 
Tier 3 Ledger .......................................................................................................................................................... 124 
Tier 3 Sub-Ledgers ................................................................................................................................................. 124 
Tier 3 Sub-Sub Ledgers .......................................................................................................................................... 124 
Tier 4 Claim ............................................................................................................................................................ 122 
Tier 4 Creditor ........................................................................................................................................................ 124 
Tier 4 Ledger .......................................................................................................................................................... 124 
Tier 4 Sub-Ledgers ................................................................................................................................................. 124 
Tier 4 Sub-Sub Ledgers .......................................................................................................................................... 124 
Tier 5 Claim ............................................................................................................................................................ 122 
Tier 5 Creditor ........................................................................................................................................................ 124 
Tier 5 Ledger .......................................................................................................................................................... 124 
Tier 5 Sub-Ledgers ................................................................................................................................................. 124 
Tier 5 Sub-Sub Ledgers .......................................................................................................................................... 124 
Tier 6 Claim ............................................................................................................................................................ 122 
Tier 6 Ledger .......................................................................................................................................................... 124 
Tier 7 Claim ............................................................................................................................................................ 122 
Tier 7 Ledger .......................................................................................................................................................... 124 
Tier 8 Claim ............................................................................................................................................................ 123 
Tier 8 Ledger .......................................................................................................................................................... 124

--- Page 234 ---
234 
Tier 9 Claim ............................................................................................................................................................ 123 
Tier 9 Ledger .......................................................................................................................................................... 124 
Total Net Indebtedness ............................................................................................................................................ 100 
Tranche A ................................................................................................................................................................. 116 
Tranche A Advance .................................................................................................................................................. 116 
Tranche A Facility .................................................................................................................................................... 116 
Tranche B ................................................................................................................................................................. 117 
Tranche B Advance .................................................................................................................................................. 117 
Tranche B Facility ................................................................................................................................................... 117 
Tranche C ................................................................................................................................................................. 117 
Tranche C Advance .................................................................................................................................................. 117 
Tranche C Facility ................................................................................................................................................... 117 
Tranche D ................................................................................................................................................................ 117 
Tranche D Advance.................................................................................................................................................. 117 
Tranche D Facility ................................................................................................................................................... 117 
Tranche L ................................................................................................................................................................. 117 
Tranche L Advance .................................................................................................................................................. 117 
Tranche L Facility .................................................................................................................................................... 117 
Tranche R1 ............................................................................................................................................................... 117 
Tranche R1 Facility ................................................................................................................................................. 117 
Tranche R2 ............................................................................................................................................................... 117 
Tranche R2 Facility ................................................................................................................................................. 117 
Tranches R ............................................................................................................................................................... 117 
Transfer Agents ..................................................................................................................................................50, 142 
Trigger Credit Rating .............................................................................................................................................. 101 
Trigger Event Consequences .................................................................................................................................. 101 
Trigger Events......................................................................................................................................................... 101 
Trust Deed .........................................................................................................................................................12, 142 
U.S. dollars ................................................................................................................................................................. 8 
Undertaker ................................................................................................................................................................ 55 
unit .......................................................................................................................................................................... 158 
WIA .......................................................................................................................................................................... 22 
WRA ......................................................................................................................................................................... 79

--- Page 235 ---
235 
WSRA ....................................................................................................................................................................... 22

--- Page 236 ---
236 
 
 
 
REGISTERED OFFICE OF THE 
ISSUER 
 
 
 
REGISTERED OFFICE OF  
DCC 
 
 
 
REGISTERED OFFICE OF  
GLAS 
Linea, Fortran Road  
St Mellons, Cardiff  
CF3 0LT  
Wales, United Kingdom 
 
Linea, Fortran Road  
St Mellons, Cardiff  
CF3 0LT  
Wales, United Kingdom 
 
Linea, Fortran Road  
St Mellons, Cardiff  
CF3 0LT  
Wales, United Kingdom 
 
ARRANGER 
HSBC Bank plc 
8 Canada Square 
London E14 5HQ 
United Kingdom 
DEALERS 
Barclays Bank PLC 
5 The North Colonnade 
Canary Wharf 
London E14 4BB 
United Kingdom 
 
BNP Paribas 
16, boulevard des Italiens 
75009 Paris 
France  
 
HSBC Bank plc 
8 Canada Square 
London E14 5HQ 
United Kingdom 
Lloyds Bank Corporate Markets plc 
10 Gresham Street 
London EC2V 7AE 
United Kingdom  
NatWest Markets Plc  
250 Bishopsgate 
London EC2M 4AA 
United Kingdom 
PRINCIPAL PAYING AGENT 
AND TRANSFER AGENT 
REGISTRAR, PAYING AGENT 
AND TRANSFER AGENT 
Deutsche Bank AG London 
Winchester House 
1 Great Winchester Street 
London EC2N 2DB 
United Kingdom 
Deutsche Bank Luxembourg S.A. 
2 Boulevard Konrad Adenauer 
L-1115 Luxembourg 
 
 
ISSUER SECURITY TRUSTEE, 
DCC SECURITY TRUSTEE AND BOND TRUSTEE 
Deutsche Trustee Company Limited 
Winchester House 
1 Great Winchester Street 
London EC2N 2DB 
United Kingdom 
 
 
LEGAL ADVISERS 
To Glas, Glas Securities, DCC,  
Holdings and the Issuer 
Slaughter and May 
One Bunhill Row 
London EC1Y 8YY  
United Kingdom

--- Page 237 ---
237 
 
 
To the DCC Security Trustee, 
the Issuer Security Trustee 
and the Bond Trustee 
Clifford Chance LLP 
10 Upper Bank Street 
London E14 5JJ 
United Kingdom 
To the Arranger and Dealers 
Clifford Chance LLP 
10 Upper Bank Street 
London E14 5JJ 
United Kingdom 
AUDITOR 
To Glas, Glas Securities,  
DCC, Holdings and the Issuer 
KPMG LLP 
3 Assembly Square 
Britannia Quay 
Cardiff 
CF10 4AX 
Wales, United Kingdom