--- Page 1 ---
BASE PROSPECTUS 
€850,000,000 
Euro Medium Term Note Programme 
for the issue of Notes 
due from one year from the date of original issue 
Edmond de Rothschild (France)   
Under this €850,000,000 Euro Medium Term Note Programme for the issue of Notes due from one year 
from the date of original issue (the Programme), Edmond de Rothschild (France) (the Issuer) may from 
time to time and subject to compliance with all relevant laws, regulations and directives, issue Euro 
Medium Term Notes (the Notes) denominated in any currency agreed between the Issuer and the 
relevant Purchaser(s) (as defined below). 
The Notes will be issued on a continuing basis to one or more of the specified Dealers and any additional 
dealer appointed under the Programme from time to time, which appointment may be for a specific issue 
or on an on-going basis (each, a Dealer and, together, the Dealers). Notes may also be issued to third 
parties other than Dealers. Dealers and such third parties are referred to as Purchasers. References in 
this Base Prospectus to the relevant Purchaser shall, in the case of an issue of Notes being (or intended 
to be) subscribed by more than one Purchaser, be to all Purchasers agreeing to purchase such Notes.  
The maximum aggregate nominal amount of all Notes from time to time outstanding will not exceed 
€850,000,000 (or its equivalent in other currencies calculated as described herein). Subject to 
compliance with all relevant laws, regulations and directives, and to any exceptions set out herein, the 
Notes shall have a minimum maturity of one year and no maximum maturity. A description of the 
restrictions applicable at the date of this Base Prospectus relating to the maturity of certain Notes is set 
out below. 
An investment in Notes issued under the Programme involves certain risks. For a discussion of 
these risks see "Risk Factors". 
This Base Prospectus has been approved by the Luxembourg Commission de Surveillance du Secteur 
Financier (the CSSF), which is the Luxembourg competent authority for the purpose of Regulation EU 
2017/1129 (as amended or supplemented, the Prospectus Regulation), as a base prospectus issued in 
compliance with the Prospectus Regulation, the Luxembourg Law dated 16 July 2019 as amended (the 
Prospectus Law 2019), implementing the Prospectus Regulation, and any other relevant implementing 
legislation in Luxembourg for the purpose of giving information with regard to the issue of Notes under 
the Programme during the period of twelve months after the date of publication of this Base Prospectus. 
Consequently Notes issued under the Programme may be offered to the public, in accordance with the 
requirements of the Prospectus Regulation. By approving this Base Prospectus the CSSF gives no 
undertaking as to the economic or financial opportuneness of the transaction or the quality and solvency 
of the Issuer in line with the provisions of Article 6(4) of the Prospectus Law 2019.  
This Base Prospectus shall be in force for a period of one (1) year from the date of approval of this Base 
Prospectus (i.e. the Base Prospectus shall be valid until 12 July 2024). The obligation to supplement this 
Base Prospectus in the event of a significant new factor, material mistake or material inaccuracy does 
not apply when this Base Prospectus is no longer valid. 
Notes which do not require the publication of a prospectus under the Prospectus Regulation are referred 
to herein as Exempt Notes. The information document prepared in relation to any such Exempt Notes 
and addressed to potential investors shall not constitute and shall not be approved by the CSSF as a 
prospectus for the purposes of the Prospectus Regulation. The CSSF has neither reviewed nor 
approved any information in relation to Exempt Notes. 
Application has also been made to the Luxembourg Stock Exchange for Notes issued under the 
Programme to be admitted to trading on the Luxembourg Stock Exchange’s regulated market which is

--- Page 2 ---
ii 
 
a regulated market for the purposes of the Markets in Financial Instruments Directive 2014/65/EU (as 
amended, MiFID II), appearing on the list of regulated markets issued by the European Commission 
(a Regulated Market) and to be listed on the Official List of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange. 
Notice of the aggregate nominal amount of Notes, interest (if any) payable in respect of Notes, the issue 
price of Notes and any other terms and conditions which are applicable to each Tranche (as defined 
under "Terms and Conditions of the Notes") of Notes will be set out in a final terms document (the Final 
Terms) which, with respect to Notes to be listed on the official list of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange 
and admitted to trading on the regulated market of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange, will be filed with 
the CSSF. 
The Issuer may agree with any Purchaser that Notes may be issued in a form not contemplated by the 
Terms and Conditions of the Notes herein, in which event a supplement to the Base Prospectus, if 
appropriate, describing the effect of the agreement reached in relation to such Notes will be made 
available. 
The rating of certain Series of Notes (as defined below) to be issued under the Programme may be 
specified in the applicable Final Terms. Whether or not each credit rating applied for in relation to 
relevant Series of Notes will be issued by a credit rating agency established in the European Union and 
registered under Regulation (EC) No. 1060/2009 (as amended) (the CRA Regulation) and included in 
the list of credit rating agencies published by the European Notes and Markets Authority on its website 
(www.esma.europea.eu/page/Listregistered-and-certified-CRAs) in accordance with the CRA 
Regulation will be disclosed in the Final Terms. 
Any Notes issued under the Programme on or after the date of this Base Prospectus are issued subject 
to the provisions described herein. This does not affect any Notes already in issue. 
Arranger 
Edmond de Rothschild (France) 
Dealers 
Edmond de Rothschild (France) 
Edmond de Rothschild (Europe) 
The date of this Base Prospectus is 12 July 2023

--- Page 3 ---
iii 
This Base Prospectus (together with any supplements to it published from time to time (each a 
Supplement and together the Supplements)) comprises a base prospectus for the purposes of 
Article 8 of the Prospectus Regulation, in respect of, and for the purpose of giving information 
with regard to, the Issuer and its respective consolidated subsidiaries and affiliates as a whole 
(together with the Issuer, the Group) which is necessary to enable investors to make an informed 
assessment of the assets and liabilities, financial position, profit and losses and prospects of the 
Issuer. 
This Base Prospectus is to be read in conjunction with all documents which are incorporated by 
reference (see "Documents Incorporated by Reference"). This Base Prospectus shall be read and 
construed on the basis that such documents are incorporated by reference in, and form part of, 
this Base Prospectus. 
The Dealers have not independently verified the information contained herein. Accordingly, no 
representation, warranty or undertaking, express or implied, is made and no responsibility or 
liability is accepted by the Dealers, as to the accuracy or completeness of the information contained 
or incorporated by reference in this Base Prospectus or any other information provided by the 
Issuer in connection with the Programme or the Notes or their distribution. 
No person is or has been authorised by the Issuer to give any information or to make any 
representation not contained in or not consistent with, this Base Prospectus or any other 
information supplied in connection with the Programme or the Notes or any other information 
made public by the Issuer and, if given or made, such information or representation must not be 
relied upon as having been authorised by the Issuer or any of the Dealers. 
Neither this Base Prospectus nor any other information supplied in connection with the 
Programme or the Notes (i) is intended to provide the basis of any credit or other evaluation or 
(ii) should be considered as a recommendation or an invitation or offer by the Issuer or any of the 
Dealers for any recipient of this Base Prospectus or any other information supplied in connection 
with the Programme to purchase any Notes. Each investor contemplating purchasing any Notes 
should make its own independent investigation of the financial condition and affairs, and its own 
appraisal of the creditworthiness, of the Issuer. Neither this Base Prospectus nor any other 
information supplied in connection with the Programme or the issue of any Notes constitutes an 
offer by or on behalf of the Issuer or any of the Dealers to any person to subscribe or purchase 
any of the Notes. 
Neither the distribution and delivery of this Base Prospectus nor the offering, sale or delivery of 
any Notes shall in any circumstances imply that the information contained herein concerning the 
Issuer is correct at any time subsequent to the date hereof or that any other information supplied 
in connection with the Programme is correct as of any time subsequent to the date indicated in 
the document containing the same. The Dealers expressly do not undertake to review the financial 
condition or affairs of the Issuer during the life of the Programme or to advise any investor in the 
Notes of any information coming to their attention.  
The distribution of this Base Prospectus and the offer or sale of Notes may be restricted by law in 
certain jurisdictions. The Issuer and the Dealers do not represent that this document may be 
lawfully distributed, or that the Notes may be lawfully offered, in compliance with any applicable 
registration or other requirements in any such jurisdiction, or pursuant to an exemption available 
thereunder, or assume any responsibility for facilitating any such distribution or offering. In 
particular, no action has been taken by the Issuer or the Dealers (save for the approval of this 
document by the CSSF) which is intended to permit a public offering of the Notes or distribution 
of this document in any jurisdiction where action for that purpose is required. Accordingly, no 
Notes may be offered or sold, directly or indirectly, and neither this Base Prospectus nor any 
advertisement or other offering material may be distributed or published in any jurisdiction, 
except under circumstances that will result in compliance with any applicable laws and 
regulations, and the Dealers have represented that all offers and sales by them will be made on 
the same terms. Persons into whose possession this Base Prospectus or any Notes come must 
inform themselves about, and observe, any such restrictions on the distribution of this Base 
Prospectus and the offering and sale of Notes. In particular, there are restrictions on the

--- Page 4 ---
iv 
distribution of this Base Prospectus and the offer or sale of Notes in the United States, the 
European Economic Area (including France, Luxembourg, Italy and Spain), Monaco and 
Switzerland (see "Subscription and Sale" below). 
The Notes have not been and will not be registered under the United States Securities Act of 1933, 
as amended (the Securities Act), or with any securities regulatory authority of any state or other 
jurisdiction of the United States, and are in bearer form subject to U.S. tax law requirements. 
Subject to certain exceptions, Notes may not be offered, sold or delivered within the United States 
or to, or for the account or benefit of, U.S. persons (as defined in Regulation S under the Securities 
Act) (see "Subscription and Sale" below). 
This document may only be distributed in "offshore transactions" to persons other than U.S. 
persons as defined in, and as permitted by, Regulation S under the Securities Act. Any forwarding, 
redistribution or reproduction of this document in whole or in part is unauthorised. Failure to 
comply with this notice may result in a violation of the Securities Act or the applicable laws of 
other jurisdictions. 
Nothing in this document constitutes an offer of securities for sale in the United States or any other 
jurisdiction where it is unlawful to do so. 
EEA MiFID II product governance / target market – The Final Terms in respect of any Notes (or 
pricing supplement, in the case of Exempt Notes) will include a legend entitled "EEA MiFID II Product 
Governance" which will outline the target market assessment in respect of the Notes, taking into account 
the five (5) categories referred to in item 18 of the Guidelines published by the European Notes and 
Markets Authority (ESMA) on 5 February 2018, and which channels for distribution of the Notes are 
appropriate. Any person subsequently offering, selling or recommending the Notes (a "Distributor" as 
defined in MiFID II) should take into consideration the target market assessment; however, a 
Distributor subject to MiFID II is responsible for undertaking its own target market assessment in respect 
of the Notes (by either adopting or refining the target market assessment) and determining appropriate 
distribution channels. 
A determination will be made in relation to each issue about whether, for the purpose of the MiFID 
product governance rules under EU Delegated Directive 2017/593 (the MiFID Product Governance 
Rules), any Dealer subscribing for any Notes is a manufacturer as defined in MiFID II in respect of 
such Notes, but otherwise none of the Arranger, the Dealers or any of their respective affiliates will be 
a manufacturer for the purpose of the MIFID Product Governance Rules. 
PRIIPs / IMPORTANT – EEA RETAIL INVESTORS - If the Final Terms in respect of any Notes 
(or pricing supplement, in the case of Exempt Notes) includes a legend entitled "Prohibition of Sales to 
EEA Retail Investors", the Notes are not intended to be offered, sold or otherwise made available to, 
and should not be offered, sold or otherwise made available to, any retail investor in the European 
Economic Area (EEA). Consequently no key information document required by Regulation (EU) No 
1286/2014 (as amended, the PRIIPs Regulation) for offering or selling the Notes or otherwise making 
them available to retail investors in the EEA (a Key Information Document) has been prepared and 
therefore offering or selling the Notes or otherwise making them available to any retail investor in the 
EEA may be unlawful under the PRIIPS Regulation. If the Final Terms in respect of any Notes (or 
pricing supplement, in the case of Exempt Notes) includes a legend entitled "Prohibition of Sales to 
EEA Retail Investors Without KID", the Notes are not intended to be offered, sold or otherwise made 
available to, and should not be offered, sold or otherwise made available, to any retail investor in the 
EEA without an updated Key Information Document. For these purposes, a retail investor means a 
person who is one (or more) of: (i) a retail client as defined in point (11) of Article 4(1) of MiFID II; (ii) 
a customer within the meaning of Directive (EU) 2016/97, as amended, where that customer would not 
qualify as a professional client as defined in point (10) of Article 4(1) of MiFID II; or (iii) not a qualified 
investor as defined in the Prospectus Regulation.

--- Page 5 ---
v 
PRIIPs / IMPORTANT – UK RETAIL INVESTORS - If the Final Terms in respect of any Notes (or 
pricing supplement, in the case of Exempt Notes) includes a legend entitled "Prohibition of Sales to UK 
Retail Investors", the Notes are not intended to be offered, sold or otherwise made available to, and 
should not be offered, sold or otherwise made available to, any retail investor in the United Kingdom 
(UK). Consequently no key information document required by Regulation (EU) No 1286/2014 as it 
forms part of domestic law by virtue of the European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018 (EUWA) (as 
amended, the UK PRIIPs Regulation) for offering or selling the Notes or otherwise making them 
available to retail investors in the UK (a Key Information Document) has been prepared and therefore 
offering or selling the Notes or otherwise making them available to any retail investor in the UK may 
be unlawful under the UK PRIIPS Regulation. If the Final Terms in respect of any Notes (or pricing 
supplement, in the case of Exempt Notes) includes a legend entitled "Prohibition of Sales to UK Retail 
Investors Without KID", the Notes are not intended to be offered, sold or otherwise made available to, 
and should not be offered, sold or otherwise made available, to any retail investor in the UK without an 
updated Key Information Document. For these purposes, a retail investor means a person who is one 
(or more) of: (i) a retail client, as defined in point (8) of Article 2 of Regulation (EU) No 2017/565 as it 
forms part of domestic law by virtue of the EUWA; (ii) a customer within the meaning of the provisions 
of the FSMA and any rules or regulations made under the FSMA to implement Directive (EU) 2016/97, 
where that customer would not qualify as a professional client, as defined in point (8) of Article 2(1) of 
Regulation (EU) No 600/2014 as it forms part of domestic law by virtue of the EUWA; or (iii) not a 
qualified investor as defined in Article 2 of the Prospectus Regulation as it forms part of domestic law 
by virtue of the EUWA.  
BENCHMARKS REGULATION 
Amounts payable under the Notes or assets deliverable under the Notes may be calculated or otherwise 
determined by reference to an index, a rate or a combination of indices or rates. Any such index or rate 
may constitute a benchmark for the purposes of the Benchmarks Regulation (Regulation (EU) No. 
2016/1011) (the Benchmarks Regulation). If any such index or rate does constitute such a benchmark, 
the applicable Final Terms will indicate whether or not the benchmark is provided by an administrator 
included in the register of administrators and benchmarks established and maintained by the European 
Securities and Markets Authority (ESMA) pursuant to article 36 of the Benchmarks Regulation. Not 
every index or rate will fall within the scope of the Benchmarks Regulation. Furthermore, transitional 
provisions in the Benchmarks Regulation may have the result that the administrator of a particular 
benchmark is not required to appear in the register of administrators and benchmarks at the date of the 
applicable Final Terms. The registration status of any administrator under the Benchmarks Regulation 
is a matter of public record and, save where required by applicable law, the Issuer does not intend to 
update the applicable Final Terms to reflect any change in the registration status of the administrator. 
In connection with the issue of any Tranche of Notes (as defined below), the Dealer or Dealers (if 
any) named as the Stabilising Manager(s) (or persons acting on behalf of any Stabilising 
Manager(s)) in the applicable Final Terms may over-allot Notes or effect transactions with a view 
to supporting the market price of the Notes at a level higher than that which might otherwise 
prevail. However, there is no assurance that the Stabilising Manager(s) (or persons acting on 
behalf of a Stabilising Manager) will undertake stabilisation action. Any stabilisation action may 
begin on or after the date on which adequate public disclosure of the terms of the offer of the 
relevant Tranche of Notes is made and, if begun, may be ended at any time, but it must end no 
later than the earlier of 30 days after the issue date of the relevant Tranche of Notes and 60 days 
after the date of the allotment of the relevant Tranche of Notes. Any stabilisation action or over-
allotment must be conducted by the relevant Stabilising Manager(s) (or persons acting on behalf 
of any Stabilising Manager(s)) in accordance with all applicable laws and rules. 
All references in this Base Prospectus to pounds sterling, £ and GBP refer to the currency of the 
United Kingdom, those to U.S. dollars, U.S.$, USD and $ refer to the currency of the United States 
of America, those to Euro, euro and € refer to the single currency of participating Member States 
of the European Union, those to Japanese yen, JPY, yen and ¥ refer to the currency of Japan, and 
those to Swiss franc, franc and CHF refer to the currency of Switzerland.

--- Page 6 ---
vi 
LANGUAGE 
The language of this Base Prospectus is English. Certain legislative references and technical terms have 
been cited in their original language in order that the correct technical meaning may be ascribed to them 
under applicable law. 
The information on the websites or URLs to which this Base Prospectus refers does not form part of this 
Base Prospectus, unless that information is incorporated by reference into the Base Prospectus (see 
"Documents Incorporated by Reference"), and has not been scrutinised or approved by the CSSF.

--- Page 7 ---
vii 
TABLE OF CONTENTS 
 
Page 
GENERAL DESCRIPTION OF THE PROGRAMME 
8 
RISK FACTORS 
14 
RETAILS CASCADES 
31 
DOCUMENTS INCORPORATED BY REFERENCE 
35 
FORM OF FINAL TERMS 
39 
TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THE NOTES 
97 
RATE ANNEX 
167 
INDEX ANNEX 
184 
INFLATION ANNEX 
198 
SHARE ANNEX 
205 
FUND ANNEX 
231 
COMMODITY ANNEX 
244 
ETF ANNEX 
257 
MULTI-ASSET BASKET ANNEX 
273 
PAYOFF ANNEX 
282 
FORM OF THE NOTES 
365 
USE OF PROCEEDS 
367 
DESCRIPTION OF THE ISSUER 
368 
TAXATION 
372 
SUBSCRIPTION AND SALE 
375 
GENERAL INFORMATION 
381 
PERSONS RESPONSIBLE FOR THE INFORMATION GIVEN IN THE PROSPECTUS
 
384

--- Page 8 ---
8 
GENERAL DESCRIPTION OF THE PROGRAMME 
The following general description of the Programme is qualified in its entirety by the remainder of this 
Base Prospectus. The Notes will be issued on such terms as shall be agreed between the Issuer and the 
relevant Dealer(s) and will be subject to the Terms and Conditions of the Notes set out in this Base 
Prospectus. 
This general description constitutes a general description of the Programme for the purposes of Article 
25.1(b) of Commission Delegated Regulation (EU) 2019/980. It does not, and is not intended to, constitute 
a summary of this Base Prospectus within the meaning of Article 7 of the Prospectus Regulation or any 
implementing regulation thereof. 
Words and expressions defined in "TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THE NOTES" and in the relevant 
Final Terms shall have the same meanings in this general description of the Programme. 
Issuer: 
Edmond de Rothschild (France) 
Risk factors : 
There are certain factors that may affect the Issuer's ability to 
fulfil its obligations under Notes issued under the Programme. 
These are set out under the heading "Risks related to the 
Issuer" in the section headed "RISK FACTORS" in this Base 
Prospectus. In addition, there are certain factors which are 
material for the purpose of assessing the market risks 
associated with Notes issued under the Programme. These are 
set out under the heading "Risks related to the Notes" in the 
section headed "RISK FACTORS" in this Base Prospectus. 
The other types of risks related to the terms and conditions 
with Notes issued under the Programme are set out under the 
heading "Risks related to other matters" in the section headed 
"RISK FACTORS" in this Base Prospectus. 
Description: 
Euro Medium Term Note Programme for the continuous offer of 
Notes (the Programme) 
Arranger: 
Edmond de Rothschild (France) 
Dealers: 
Edmond de Rothschild (France) 
 
Edmond de Rothschild (Europe) 
 
The Issuer may from time to time terminate the appointment of any 
dealer under the Programme or appoint additional dealers either in 
respect of one or more Tranches or in respect of the whole 
Programme. References in this Base Prospectus to "Dealers" are to 
all persons appointed as a dealer in respect of one or more 
Tranches. 
 
At the date of this Base Prospectus, only credit institutions and 
investment firms incorporated in a member State of the European 
Union (EU) and which are authorised by the relevant authority of 
such member home State to lead-manage bond issues in such 
member State may act (a) as Dealers with respect to non-syndicated 
issues of Notes denominated in Euro and (b) as lead manager of 
issues of Notes denominated in Euro issued on a syndicated basis. 
Programme Limit: 
Up to €850,000,000 (or the equivalent in other currencies at the 
date of issue) aggregate nominal amount of Notes outstanding at 
any one time.

--- Page 9 ---
9 
Principal Paying Agent:  
Banque Internationale à Luxembourg, société anonyme 
Method of Issue: 
The Notes will be issued on a syndicated or non-syndicated basis. 
The Notes will be issued in series (each a Series) having one or 
more issue dates and on terms otherwise identical (or identical 
other than in respect of the first payment of interest), the Notes of 
each Series being intended to be interchangeable with all other 
Notes of that Series. Each Series may be issued in tranches (each a 
Tranche) on the same or different issue dates. The specific terms 
of each Tranche (which will be supplemented, where necessary, 
with supplemental terms and conditions and, save in respect of the 
issue date, issue price, first payment of interest and nominal 
amount of the Tranche, will be identical to the terms of other 
Tranches of the same Series) will be set out in final terms to this 
Base Prospectus (the Final Terms). 
Maturities: 
Subject to compliance with all relevant laws, regulations and 
directives, any maturity from one year from the date of original 
issue. 
Currencies: 
Subject to compliance with all relevant laws, regulations and 
directives, Notes may be issued in Euro, U.S. Dollars, Japanese 
yen, Swiss francs, Sterling and in any other currency agreed 
between the Issuer and the relevant Purchasers. 
Denomination(s): 
Notes will be in such denominations as may be specified in the 
relevant Final Terms. 
 
The Notes will be issued in such denomination(s) as may be agreed 
between the Issuer and the relevant Purchaser save that the 
minimum denomination of each Note listed and admitted to trading 
on a regulated market, or offered to the public, in a Member State 
of the European Economic Area in circumstances which require the 
publication of a prospectus under the Prospectus Regulation will 
be €1,000 (or, if the Notes are denominated in a currency other than 
Euro, the equivalent amount in such currency at the issue date) or 
such other higher amount as may be allowed or required from time 
to time by the relevant central bank (or equivalent body) or any 
laws or regulations applicable to the relevant Specified Currency. 
Status of the Notes: 
Notes will constitute direct, unconditional, unsubordinated and 
unsecured obligations of the Issuer and will rank pari passu among 
themselves and equally with all other present or future unsecured 
and unsubordinated obligations of the Issuer, from time to time 
outstanding. 
Events of Default:  
There will be events of default in respect of the Notes as set out in 
Condition 9 – See "Terms and Conditions of the Notes – Events of 
Default". 
Redemption Amount: 
The relevant Final Terms will specify the basis for calculating the 
redemption amounts payable. 
Optional Redemption: 
The Final Terms issued in respect of each issue of Notes will state 
whether such Notes may be redeemed prior to their stated maturity 
at the option of the Issuer (either in whole or in part) and/or the 
Noteholders and if so the terms applicable to such redemption.

--- Page 10 ---
10 
Redemption by Instalments: 
The Final Terms issued in respect of each issue of Notes that are 
redeemable in two or more instalments will set out the dates on 
which, and the amounts in which, such Notes may be redeemed. 
Early Redemption:  
Except as provided for in "Optional Redemption" above, Notes will 
be redeemable at the option of the Issuer prior to maturity only for 
tax reasons as set out in Condition 6. See "Terms and Conditions 
of the Notes — Redemption, and Purchase".  
Interest Periods and Interest 
Rates: 
The length of the interest periods for the Notes and the applicable 
interest rate or its method of calculation may differ from time to 
time or be constant for any Series. Notes may have a maximum 
interest rate, a minimum interest rate, or both. The use of interest 
accrual periods permits the Notes to bear interest at different rates 
in the same interest period. All such information will be set out in 
the relevant Final Terms 
Fixed Rate Notes: 
Fixed interest will be payable in arrears on the date or dates in each 
year specified in the relevant Final Terms. 
Floating Rate Notes: 
Floating Rate Notes will bear interest determined separately for 
each Series as follows: 
 
(i) 
on the same basis as the floating rate under a notional 
interest rate swap transaction in the relevant Specified 
Currency governed by an agreement incorporating the 
2000 ISDA Definitions or the 2006 ISDA Definitions or 
the 2021 ISDA Definitions in each case as published by 
the International Swaps and Derivatives Association, Inc.; 
or 
 
(ii) 
by reference to EURIBOR, SONIA, SOFR or €STER (or 
such other benchmark as may be specified in the relevant 
Final Terms),  
 
in each case as adjusted for any applicable margin. 
 
Interest periods will be specified in the relevant Final Terms. 
Zero Coupon Notes: 
Zero Coupon Notes may be issued at their nominal amount or at a 
discount to it and will not bear interest. 
Rate Linked Notes, Index 
Linked Notes, Inflation 
Linked Notes, Share Linked 
Notes, Fund Linked Notes, 
ETF Linked Notes, 
Commodity Linked Notes 
and Multi-Asset Basket 
Linked Notes: 
Payments of principal and interest in respect of Rate Linked Notes, 
Index Linked Notes, Inflation Linked Notes, Share Linked Notes, 
Fund Linked Notes, ETF Linked Notes, Commodity Linked Notes 
or Multi-Asset Basket Linked Notes will be calculated by reference 
to such benchmark rate, index, inflation index, share, fund, ETF, 
commodity, commodity index, multi-asset basket and/or formula 
as may be specified in the relevant Final Terms. 
 
The interest rate and the final redemption amount of the Notes may 
be linked to benchmark rates. Benchmark rates underlying the Rate 
Linked Notes are interest rates determined separately for each 
Series as follows: 
(i) 
on the same basis as the floating rate under a notional 
interest rate swap transaction in the relevant Specified 
Currency governed by an agreement incorporating the 
2000 ISDA Definitions or the 2006 ISDA Definitions or

--- Page 11 ---
11 
the 2021 Definitions in each case as published by the 
International Swaps and Derivatives Association, Inc.; or 
(ii) 
by reference to EURIBOR, SONIA, SOFR or €STER (or 
such other benchmark as may be specified in the relevant 
Final Terms), 
in each case as adjusted for any applicable margin and then 
multiplied by a leverage. 
 
The interest rate and the final redemption amount of the Notes may 
be linked to inflation indices. Inflation indices underlying the 
Inflation Linked Notes are official indices representing the price 
appreciation of goods and services in a given economic area, such 
as Eurostat Eurozone HICP Ex Tobacco Unrevised Series NSA. 
 
The interest rate and the final redemption amount of the Notes may 
be linked to equity or bond indices. Indices underlying the Indexed 
Linked Notes are rate indices, equity indices, bond indices, fund 
(including exchange traded fund) indices, proprietary indices, 
indices referenced to a basket of equity and/or bond and/or rate 
and/or fund (including exchange traded fund) and or proprietary 
indices (excluding proprietary indices composed by the Issuer or 
any of its affiliates), etc, such as Eurostoxx50 Index, S&P 500 
Index, Nikkei 225, Ethical Europe Equity Index, iBoxx Euro 
Sovereigns Eurozone Performance Index or iShares MSCI 
Emerging Market Index. 
 
The interest rate and the final redemption amount of the Notes may 
be linked to shares. Shares underlying the Share Linked Notes are 
shares listed on major exchanges, member of indices like the Stoxx 
600, the Nikkei 225, the S&P 500 or other indices. 
 
The interest rate and the final redemption amount of the Notes may 
be linked to fund units. Funds underlying the Fund Linked Notes 
are mutual funds. 
The interest rate and the final redemption amount of the Notes may 
be linked to ETF units. Funds underlying the ETF Linked Notes 
are exchange traded funds. 
 
The interest rate and the final redemption amount of the Notes may 
be linked to commodities or commodity indices. Commodities or 
Commodity Indices underlying the Commodity Linked Notes 
include: SPGCCLP Index – S&P GSCI Crude Oil Official Close 
Index ER; SPGCBRP Index - S&P GSCI Brent Crude Official 
Close Index ER; SPGCNGP Index - S&P GSCI Natural Gas 
Official Close Index ER; CO1 Cmdty - Generic first Crude Oil, 
Brent; and CL1 Cmdty – Generic first Crude Oil, WTI. 
The interest rate and the final redemption amount of the Notes may 
be linked to a muti-asset basket. A multi-asset basket underlying 
the Multi-Asset Basket Linked Notes is a basket of two or more 
types of underlyings referred to above i.e. floating rates, indices, 
inflation indices, shares, funds, ETFs, commodities and/or 
commodity indices. 
Notes may be settled in cash or (if specified in the applicable Final 
Terms and in the case of Share Linked Notes) by physical delivery. 
Notes may not be settled by delivery of the Issuer's own equity

--- Page 12 ---
12 
securities or of the equity securities of any entity in the Issuer's 
group and cannot be converted or exchanged into shares or other 
equity securities within the meaning of Article 19 of Commission 
Delegated Regulation (EU) 2019/980. 
Redenomination: 
Notes issued in the currency of any Member State of the EU which 
will participate in the single currency of the European Economic 
and Monetary Union may be redenominated into Euro, all as more 
fully provided in section 2 (Redenomination) of the "Terms and 
Conditions of the Notes" below. 
Consolidation: 
Notes of one Series may be consolidated with Notes of another 
Series as more fully provided in section 16 (Further Issues) of the 
"Terms and Conditions of the Notes" below. 
Form of Notes: 
The Notes will be in bearer form as described in "Form of Notes".  
Governing Law: 
English law. 
Clearing Systems: 
Clearstream and Euroclear or any other clearing system that may 
be agreed between the Issuer, the Agent and the relevant Purchaser 
in relation to the Notes. 
Issue Price: 
Notes may be issued at their nominal amount or at a discount or 
premium to their nominal amount. 
Taxation: 
All payments in respect of the Notes will be made without 
withholding or deduction for, or on account of, taxes imposed by 
or on behalf of any jurisdiction, unless such withholding or 
deduction is required by law. 
 
If French law should require that payments in respect of the Notes 
be subject to withholding or deduction with respect to taxes, the 
Issuer will make payments of nominal and interest to the holders 
of the Notes net of withholding or deduction for or on account of 
any present or future taxes or duties of whatever nature imposed or 
levied by or on behalf of any jurisdiction; the Issuer will not make 
any gross-up payment to the holders of the Notes to compensate 
for withholding or deduction for or on account of any present or 
future taxes or duties of whatever nature imposed or levied by or 
on behalf of any jurisdiction.  
Listing and Admission to 
Trading: 
Listing on the Official List of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange 
and/or admission to trading on the Regulated Market of the 
Luxembourg Stock Exchange or as otherwise specified in the 
relevant Final Terms. As specified in the relevant Final Terms, a 
Series of Notes may or may not be admitted to trading. 
Offer to the public: 
The Final Terms will specify whether the Notes may be offered to 
the public in Luxembourg and/or in any other Member State of the 
European Economic Area. 
Method of Publication of the 
Final Terms: 
The Final Terms related to Notes listed and admitted to trading on 
any Regulated Market and/or offered to the public will be 
published, if relevant on the website of the Luxembourg Stock 
Exchange 
(www.luxse.com) 
and 
of 
the 
Issuer 
(https://www.edmond-de-rothschild.com/en/Pages/Information-
reglementees.aspx#navlist7). 
Rating: 
Unless otherwise specified in the relevant Final Terms, Notes to be 
issued under the Programme will not be rated. In the event that the

--- Page 13 ---
13 
Notes are to be rated whether or not each credit rating applied for 
in relation to relevant Series of Notes will be issued by a credit 
rating agency established in the European Union and registered 
under Regulation (EC) No. 1060/2009 (as amended) will be 
disclosed in the Final Terms. 
Selling Restrictions: 
There are restrictions on the sale of Notes and the distribution of 
offering material in various jurisdictions. See "Subscription and 
Sale". In connection with the offering and sale of a particular 
Tranche, additional selling restrictions may be imposed which will 
be set out in the relevant Final Terms. 
 
The Issuer is Category 2 for the purposes of Regulation S under the 
United States Securities Act of 1933, as amended. 
 
Notes will be issued in compliance with U.S. Treas. Reg. §1.163-
5(c)(2)(i)(D) (or any successor U.S. Treasury regulation section, 
including without limitation, successor regulations issued in 
accordance with IRS Notice 2012-20 or otherwise in connection 
with the United States Hiring Incentives to Restore Employment 
Act of 2010) (the D Rules) unless (i) the relevant Final Terms 
states that such Notes are issued in compliance with U.S. Treas. 
Reg. §1.163-5(c)(2)(i)(C) (or any successor U.S. Treasury 
regulation section, including without limitation, successor 
regulations issued in accordance with IRS Notice 2012-20 or 
otherwise in connection with the United States Hiring Incentives to 
Restore Employment Act of 2010) (the C Rules) or (ii) such Notes 
are issued other than in compliance with the D Rules or the C Rules 
but in circumstances in which the Notes will not constitute 
"registration required obligations" under the United States Tax 
Equity and Fiscal Responsibility Act of 1982 (TEFRA), which 
circumstances will be referred to in the relevant Final Terms as a 
transaction to which TEFRA is not applicable.

--- Page 14 ---
14 
 
RISK FACTORS 
The Issuer believes that the following factors may affect its ability to fulfil its obligations under the Notes 
and may be material for the purpose of assessing the market risks associated with Notes issued under 
the Programme. All of these factors are contingencies which may or may not occur and the Issuer is not 
in a position to express a view on the likelihood of any such contingency occurring. 
Factors which the Issuer believes are specific to the Issuer and/or the Notes and material for an 
informed investment decision with respect to investing in Notes issued under the Programme are also 
described below. 
The Issuer believes that the factors described below represent the principal inherent risks in investing 
in Notes issued under the Programme, but the inability of the Issuer to pay interest, principal or other 
amounts on or in connection with any Notes may occur for other reasons. Prospective investors should 
also read the detailed information set out elsewhere in this Base Prospectus (including any documents 
incorporated by reference herein) and reach their own views prior to making any investment decision. 
In each category below the Issuer sets out first the most material risk, in its assessment, taking into 
account the expected magnitude of their negative impact and the probability of their occurrence. 
Words and expressions defined in the section entitled "TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THE NOTES" 
herein shall have the same meanings in this section. 
RISKS RELATED TO THE ISSUER 
Credit risk 
Credit risk is the risk of financial loss due to a debtor’s inability to fulfil its contractual obligations to 
the Issuer. The Issuer’s risk-weighted assets subject to this type of risk amounted to EUR 947,272,904 
as at 31 December 2022. 
Counterparty risk 
Counterparty risk arises from the Issuer’s credit risk in the specific context of market transactions, 
investments, and/or settlements. The amount of this risk varies over time depending on fluctuations in 
market parameters affecting the potential future value of the transactions concerned. The Issuer’s risk-
weighted assets subject to this type of risk amounted to EUR 8,700,716 at 31 December 2022. Exposure 
to counterparty risk in capital markets activities using derivative instruments is very limited since 
outstanding obligations thereunder are mostly collateralised. The risk is higher for lending operations, 
although cautious selection of inter-bank counterparties, the low level of outstanding obligations in 
respect of commercial loans and the quality of the guarantees secured (government paper under 
repurchase agreements, securities portfolios) greatly reduce its impact. Exposure to credit risk on 
securities, equities or funds, held in the long term investment portfolio of the Issuer, are controlled and 
monitored carefully.  
Market risk 
Market risks arise from unfavorable trends in market parameters affecting the Issuer’s treasury and asset-
liability management activities. Market parameters include, but are not limited to, exchange rates, prices 
of securities and commodities (whether the price is directly quoted or obtained by reference to a 
comparable asset), the price of derivatives on an established market and all benchmarks that can be 
derived from market quotations such as interest rates, credit spreads, volatility or implicit correlations 
or other similar parameters. These are non-core activities of the Issuer and consequently they involve 
very limited risk profiles.  
Capital markets activities are sensitive to short-term exchange rates and interest rates exclusively. 
Balance sheet management and long-term investments are exposed, albeit in a tightly controlled 
framework, to movements in bond prices and interest rates; nevertheless, the extremely high proportion 
of assets and liabilities indexed on variable money market rates limits interest rate risk.

--- Page 15 ---
15 
The Issuer's risk-weighted assets subject to this type of risk amounted to EUR 663,601 as at 31 
December 2022. 
Liquidity risk 
The liquidity risk consists of the Issuer being unable to acquire the necessary funds to meet its 
obligations when due or unwind or offset a position due to market conditions or specific factors within 
a specified period of time and at a reasonable cost. It reflects the risk of not being able to cope with net 
cash outflows, including collateral requirements, over short-term to long-term horizons. In view of its 
status as a private, non-rated bank, the Issuer pays particular attention to monitoring this risk. Hence, 
the balance sheet consistently posts a capital surplus and prudential ratios considerably higher than 
generally accepted management standards. 
Business Risk 
Operational risk 
There is a distinction between internal operating risks due to defective procedures (inappropriate 
procedure, IT breakdown) and external operational risks due to events beyond the Issuer’s control, 
whether deliberate (fraud, malicious act), accidental (fire) or natural (disaster). Each category of 
operating risk requires specific measures (reinforcement of procedures and controls, deployment of an 
emergency plan) and control systems. These risks, which are naturally present in the performance of all 
activities, are subject to increasingly stringent controls, notably with the implementation of Basel 3 
regulations. The Issuer is able to monitor this particular risk factor very closely, thanks to its status as a 
small, manageable institution and the fact that its activity is both centralised and specialised. 
The Bank’s risk-weighted assets subject to this type of risk amounted to EUR 575,491,502 as at 31 
December 2022. 
The Issuer’ risk management policies and procedures may not be effective enough or may be completely 
ineffective in limiting its exposure to changing market environments or any type of current or potential 
risk, including operational risks or risks related to the models that the Issuer uses. The Issuer is in fact 
exposed to the risk of loss due to inadequate or failed internal processes, human resources and 
information systems or external events. Despite the controls and procedures in place, the Issuer could 
be affected in terms of operational risk due, for example, to data entry errors, failures in collateral 
management, incorrect application of procedures, etc. These types of situations could generate 
significant compliance and control costs for the affected processes which could have an impact on the 
Issuer’s financial position. 
The Issuer is also exposed to risks relating to cybercrime. The Issuer could be subject to targeted and 
sophisticated attacks on its IT network, resulting in embezzlement, loss, theft or disclosure of 
confidential or customer data (in particular in violation of the European Data Protection Regulation 
“GDPR”). Even if the Issuer has the means to monitor and to effectively respond to these issues, such 
actions are likely to result in operational losses and have an adverse effect on the Issuer’s business and 
results of operations. 
Changes and volatility in the financial markets may have a material adverse effect on the Issuer’s 
business and the results of market activities. 
As part of its capital markets activities and to meet its clients’ needs, the Issuer is active on the financial 
markets, particularly the debt, forex, commodity and equity markets. In recent years, the financial 
markets have fluctuated significantly in a sometimes highly volatile environment and could do so again; 
this could result in significant losses for capital markets activities. The losses that may be recorded due 
to high market volatility could affect several market products in which the Issuer trades. The volatility 
of financial markets makes it difficult to predict trends and implement effective portfolio management 
strategies; it also increases the risk of losses from net long positions when prices decline and, conversely, 
from net short positions when prices rise. 
Non-compliance risk

--- Page 16 ---
16 
The Issuer is also exposed to non-compliance risk. Non-compliance risk is defined as the risk of legal, 
administrative or disciplinary sanction, significant financial loss, or damage to reputation arising from 
failure to comply with the provisions governing banking and financial services, including regulatory and 
statutory provisions, anti-money laundering and terrorism financing, data protection, professional 
standards, ethical standards, and generally the threat posed to the Issuer's financial, organizational, or 
reputational standing resulting from such violations, 
As a consequence of such violations, the Issuer would be exposed to several consequences that may 
affect its activity: 
- 
a legal impact, where regulatory or legal action brought against the Issuer or its employees could 
result in fines or penalties; 
- 
a financial impact due to a negative outcomes to the Issuer's bottom line, potential future 
earnings, or loss of investor confidence; and 
- 
a reputational impact that could lead to damage to the Issuer's reputation or brand. 
Regulatory risks  
The calculation of the Group’s CET1 Ratio (common equity tiers one “CET1 Ratio”, which was equal 
to 21.3% as at 31 December 2022) could be affected by a wide range of factors, including, among other 
things, an increased severity of regulation which could deteriorate its level of CET1 by increasing the 
RWA (Risk-Weighted Assets) of certain kind of assets, or decreasing the core equity necessary to be 
eligible to maintain the business activity sustainable. The calculation of the Group’s CET1 Ratio may 
be affected by changes in applicable accounting rules and the manner in which accounting policies are 
applied, including the manner in which permitted discretion under the applicable accounting rules is 
exercised and regulatory changes. 
The Issuer applies the Basel III regulations, which relate to capital and liquidity requirements with the 
goal of promoting a more resilient banking sector in the event of a crisis, implemented in the European 
Union through the Capital Requirements Directive (CRD) package, comprising Directive 2013/36/EU 
(CRD IV) and the Capital Requirements Regulation No. 575/2013 (CRR) (including all implementing 
legislation in France, including Law no. 2013-672 dated 26 July 2013 relating to the separation and 
regulation of banking activities), the Bank Recovery and Resolution Directive 2014/59/EU (the BRRD), 
as well as the relevant technical standards and guidelines from EU regulatory bodies (for example the 
European Banking Authority (EBA) and the European Securities and Markets Authority (ESMA)). 
These European texts are and will continue to be subject to modification to reflect changes to the Basel 
III framework. The timetable for effective applicability of these regulations to the Issuer is likely to 
change depending on the final transposition of the Basel Committee's regulations into European law. 
The completion of the Basel III regulatory framework is likely to increase the capital requirements 
applicable to the Issuer's activities and thus reduce return on equity. 
The BRRD and the French Ordinance of 20 August 2015 confer upon the Autorité de Contrôle 
Prudentiel et de Résolution (ACPR) or the Single Resolution Board (SRB) the power to commence 
resolution proceedings for a banking institution, such as the Issuer, with a view to ensure the continuity 
of critical functions, to avoid the risks of contagion and to recapitalize or restore the viability of the 
institution. Those resolution authorities have broad powers to implement resolution measures with 
respect to institutions and groups subject to resolution proceedings, which may include (without 
limitation): the total or partial sale of the institution’s business to a third party or a bridge institution, the 
separation of assets, the replacement or substitution of the institution as obligor in respect of debt 
instruments, the full or partial write-down of capital instruments, the dilution of capital instruments 
through the issuance of new equity, the full or partial write-down or conversion into equity of debt 
instruments, modifications to the terms of debt instruments (including altering the maturity and/or the 
amount of interest payable and/or imposing a temporary suspension on payments), discontinuing the 
listing and admission to trading of financial instruments, the dismissal of managers or the appointment 
of a special manager (administrateur spécial). 
The implementation of these tools and powers with respect to the Issuer may result in significant 
structural changes to the Issuer (including as a result of asset or business sales or the creation of bridge

--- Page 17 ---
17 
institutions) and in a partial or total write-down, modification or variation of claims of shareholders and 
creditors. Such powers may also result, after any transfer of all or part of the Issuer’s business or 
separation of any of its assets, in the holders of securities (even in the absence of any such write-down 
or conversion) being left as the creditors of the Issuer whose remaining business or assets are insufficient 
to support the claims of all or any of the creditors of the Issuer. Any shortfall from the sale of the Issuer’s 
assets may lead to a partial reduction in the outstanding amounts of certain claims of unsecured creditors 
of the Issuer (including, as the case may be, the Notes), or, in a worst case scenario, a reduction to zero. 
More generally, other legislation and regulations have recently been enacted or proposed with a view to 
introducing a number of changes, some permanent, in the global financial environment. These new 
measures, which aim to avoid a recurrence of the global financial crisis, have changed substantially, and 
may change in the future, the environment in which the Issuer and other financial institutions operate. 
The Issuer is exposed to the risk relating to these legislative and regulatory changes, including: 
- 
a bans or limitations on certain types of financial products or activities; 
- 
a more stringent internal control requirements; 
- 
more stringent personal data protection and cybercrime requirements; 
- 
a more stringent regulation with regard to technological innovations in the payment services 
and fintech fields; and 
- 
the strengthening of the role of trading platforms and central counterparties (clearing houses) in 
regulations on clearing mechanisms. 
In this changing legislative and regulatory environment, it is impossible to predict the impact these new 
measures will have on the Issuer. The Issuer is incurring, and could incur in the future, significant costs 
to update or develop programs to comply with these new legislative and regulatory measures and to 
update or develop its information systems as a response to or in anticipation of the new measures. 
RISKS RELATED TO THE NOTES 
Risks related to the payoff 
If an investor holds Notes which are not denominated in the investor's home currency, he will be 
exposed to movements in exchange rates adversely affecting the value of his holding. In addition, the 
imposition of exchange controls in relation to any Notes could result in an investor not receiving 
payments on those Notes. 
The relevant Final Terms for a Series of Notes will specify the Specified Currency. The Issuer will pay 
principal and interest on the Notes in the Specified Currency. This presents certain risks relating to 
currency conversions if an investor's financial activities are denominated principally in a currency or 
currency unit (the Investor's Currency) other than the Specified Currency. These include the risk that 
exchange rates may significantly change (including changes due to devaluation of the Specified 
Currency or revaluation of the Investor's Currency) and the risk that authorities with jurisdiction over 
the Investor's Currency may impose or modify exchange controls. An appreciation in the value of the 
Investor's Currency relative to the Specified Currency would decrease (1) the Investor's Currency-
equivalent yield on the Notes, (2) the Investor's Currency equivalent value of the principal payable on 
the Notes and (3) the Investor's Currency equivalent market value of the Notes. 
Government and monetary authorities may impose (as some have done in the past) exchange controls 
that could adversely affect an applicable exchange rate or the ability of the Issuer to make payments in 
respect of the Notes. As a result, investors may receive less interest or principal than expected, or no 
interest or principal. 
Notes subject to optional redemption by the Issuer 
Condition 6(b) (Redemption at the Option of the Issuer) of the Terms and Conditions of the Notes 
provides that the Notes may be subject to an optional redemption by the Issuer. An optional redemption 
feature of Notes is likely to limit their market value. During any period when the Issuer may elect to

--- Page 18 ---
18 
redeem Notes, the market value of those Notes generally will not rise substantially above the price at 
which they can be redeemed. This also may be true prior to any redemption period. The Issuer may be 
expected to redeem Notes when its cost of borrowing is lower than the interest rate on the Notes. At 
those times, an investor generally would not be able to reinvest the redemption proceeds at an effective 
interest rate as high as the interest rate on the Notes being redeemed and may only be able to do so at a 
significantly lower rate. Potential investors should consider reinvestment risk in light of other 
investments available at that time. 
Zero Coupon Notes are subject to higher price fluctuations than non-discounted notes 
Condition 4 of the Terms and Conditions of the Notes allows for Zero Coupon Notes to be issued. 
Changes in market interest rates generally have a substantially stronger impact on the prices of Zero 
Coupon Notes than on the prices of ordinary notes because the discounted issue prices are substantially 
below par. If market interest rates increase, Zero Coupon Notes can suffer higher price losses than other 
notes having the same maturity and credit rating. Therefore, in similar market conditions, the holders of 
Zero Coupon Notes could be subject to higher losses on their investments than the holders of other 
instruments such as Fixed Rate Notes or Floating Rate Notes. Any such volatility may have a significant 
adverse effect on the market value of the Notes. 
Fixed Rate Notes 
Condition 4(a) (Interest on Fixed Rate Notes) of the Terms and Conditions of the Notes allows for Fixed 
Rate Notes to be issued. Investment in Notes which bear interest at a fixed rate involves the risk that 
subsequent changes in market interest rates may adversely affect the value of the relevant Notes. While 
the nominal interest rate of the Fixed Rate Notes is fixed during the term of such Notes, the current 
interest rate on the capital markets ("market interest rate") typically varies on a daily basis. As the market 
interest rate changes, the market value of the Fixed Rate Notes would typically change in the opposite 
direction. If the market interest rate increases, the market value of the Fixed Rate Notes would typically 
fall, until the yield of such Notes is approximately equal to the market interest rate. If the market interest 
rate falls, the market value of the Notes would typically increase, until the yield of such Notes is 
approximately equal to the market interest rate. The degree to which the market interest rate may vary 
presents a significant risk to the market value of the Fixed Rate Notes if a Noteholder were to dispose 
of such Notes. 
Floating Rate Notes 
Condition 4(b) (Interest on Floating Rate Notes) of the Terms and Conditions of the Notes allows for 
Floating Rate Notes to be issued. A key difference between Floating Rate Notes and Fixed Rate Notes 
is that interest income on Floating Rate Notes cannot be anticipated. Due to varying interest income, 
investors are not able to determine a definite yield of Floating Rate Notes at the time they purchase 
them, so that their return on investment cannot be compared with that of investments having longer fixed 
interest periods. If the relevant Final Terms provide for frequent interest payment dates, investors are 
exposed to the reinvestment risk if market interest rates decline i.e. investors may reinvest the interest 
income paid to them only at the relevant lower interest rates then prevailing. The degree to which the 
reference rates may vary is uncertain. The interest amount payable on any interest payment date may be 
different from the amount payable on the initial or previous interest payment dates and may negatively 
impact the return under the Floating Rate Notes and result in a reduced market value of the Notes if a 
Noteholder were to dispose of such Notes. 
Risks related to the regulation and reform of "benchmarks" 
In accordance with the provisions of Condition 4(b) of the Terms and Condition of the Notes, Condition 
15(b) of the Terms and Condition of the Notes, the Rate Linked Conditions, the Index Linked 
Conditions, the Inflation Linked Conditions and the Commodity Linked Conditions, the interest amount 
in respect of Floating Rate Notes, Rate Linked Notes, Index Linked Notes, Inflation Linked Notes and 
Commodity Linked Notes may be determined by reference to reference rates or market indices that 
constitute a "benchmark" subject of ongoing national and international monitoring and regulatory reform 
which has led to the discontinuation or modification of most IBOR rates and may cause other 
benchmarks to be discontinued, to be modified, or to be subject to other changes in the future. Any such

--- Page 19 ---
19 
consequence could have a material adverse effect on the value of and return on Securities the payout of 
which is dependent on the performance of any such benchmark.  
The EU Regulation 2016/1011 on indices used as benchmarks in financial instruments and financial 
contracts or to measure the performance of investment funds (the EU Benchmarks Regulation) and 
the EU Benchmarks Regulation as it forms part of UK domestic law by virtue of the European Union 
(Withdrawal) Act 2018 (as amended) and regulations made thereunder (the UK Benchmarks 
Regulation, and together with the EU Benchmarks Regulation, the Benchmarks Regulations) are a 
key element of the ongoing regulatory reform in, respectively, the EU and the UK. 
In addition to "critical benchmarks" such as EURIBOR, other interest rates, foreign exchange rates, and 
indices, including equity, commodity and "proprietary" indices or strategies, will in most cases be within 
scope of one or both of the Benchmarks Regulations as "benchmarks" where they are used to determine 
the amount payable under, or the value of, certain financial instruments (including in the case of the EU 
Benchmarks Regulation, Notes listed on an EU regulated market or an EU multilateral trading facility 
(MTF)).  
The EU Benchmarks Regulation applies to the contribution of input data to a benchmark, the 
administration of a benchmark, and the use of a benchmark in the EU. Amongst other things, the EU 
Benchmarks Regulation requires EU benchmark administrators to be authorised or registered as such 
and to comply with extensive requirements relating to benchmark administration. It also prohibits 
(subject to transitional provisions) certain uses by EU supervised entities of (a) benchmarks provided 
by EU administrators which are not authorised or registered in accordance with the EU Benchmarks 
Regulation and (b) benchmarks provided by non-EU administrators where (i) the administrator's 
regulatory regime has not been determined to be "equivalent" to that of the EU, (ii) the administrator 
has not been recognised in accordance with the EU Benchmarks Regulation, and (iii) the benchmark has 
not been endorsed in accordance with the EU Benchmarks Regulation. 
The UK Benchmarks Regulation imposes substantially the same obligations and restrictions as the EU 
Benchmarks Regulation, but has a narrower geographical scope. The UK Benchmarks Regulation 
applies to the contribution of input data to a benchmark, the administration of a benchmark, and the use 
of a benchmark in the United Kingdom. In-scope entities include UK benchmark administrators and UK 
supervised entities. 
The European Notes and Markets Authority (ESMA) maintains a public register of EU-approved 
benchmark administrators and non-EU benchmarks pursuant to the EU Benchmarks Regulation (the 
ESMA Register).  
Similarly, the FCA maintains a separate public register of FCA-approved benchmark administrators and 
non-UK benchmarks pursuant to the UK Benchmarks Regulation (the UK Register). Benchmarks and 
benchmark administrators which were approved by the Financial Conduct Authority "FCA" prior to 31 
December 2020 are included on the UK Register. 
The EU Benchmarks Regulation and/or the UK Benchmarks Regulation could have a material adverse 
impact on the value of and return on Notes linked to a benchmark. For example: 
• 
a rate or index which is a "benchmark" within the meaning of the EU Benchmarks Regulation 
may not be used in certain ways by an EU supervised entity if (subject to applicable transitional 
provisions) its administrator does not obtain authorisation or registration from its EU competent 
authority (or, if a non-EU entity, does not satisfy the "equivalence" conditions and is not "recognised" 
by an EU competent authority, pending an equivalence decision, and does not have the relevant 
benchmark "endorsed" by an EU supervised entity). If the benchmark administrator does not obtain or 
maintain (as applicable) such authorisation or registration (or, if a non-EU entity, "equivalence" is not 
available and neither recognition nor endorsement is obtained) (this is referred to as an 
Administrator/Benchmark Event), then the Notes may be redeemed prior to maturity; 
• 
similarly, a rate or index which is a "benchmark" within the meaning of the UK Benchmarks 
Regulation may not be used in certain ways by a UK supervised entity if (subject to applicable 
transitional provisions) its administrator does not obtain authorisation or registration from the FCA (or, 
if a non-UK entity, does not satisfy the "equivalence" conditions and is not "recognised" by the FCA,

--- Page 20 ---
20 
pending an equivalence decision, and does not have the relevant benchmark "endorsed" by a UK 
supervised entity). If the benchmark administrator does not obtain or maintain (as applicable) such 
authorisation or registration (or, if a non-UK entity, "equivalence" is not available and neither 
recognition nor endorsement is obtained) (this is referred to as an Administrator/Benchmark Event), 
then the Notes may be redeemed prior to maturity;  
• 
if the reference asset is a benchmark and it would be unlawful or contradictory to any applicable 
licensing requirements for the Calculation Agent to determine the level or other value of such reference 
asset or make any other determination in respect of the Notes which it would otherwise be obliged to do 
so pursuant to the Conditions, then the Notes may be redeemed prior to maturity; and 
• 
the methodology or other terms of the benchmark could be changed in order to comply with the 
requirements of the applicable Benchmarks Regulation, or mandatory substitution of a benchmark with 
a replacement benchmark could be imposed by statute, and such changes could reduce or increase the 
rate or level or affect the volatility of the published rate or level, and (depending on the type of the 
particular Notes) could lead to adjustments to the terms of the Notes including Calculation Agent 
determination of the rate or level in its discretion. 
Ongoing national and international regulatory reforms and the increased regulatory scrutiny of 
benchmarks generally could increase the costs and risks of administering or otherwise participating in 
the setting of a benchmark and complying with any applicable regulations or requirements. Such factors 
may discourage market participants from continuing to administer or contribute to benchmarks, trigger 
changes in the rules or methodologies used in respect of benchmarks, and/or lead to the disappearance 
of benchmarks. This could result in (i) the substitution of replacement rates for such benchmark(s), (ii) 
adjustments to the terms of the relevant Notes, (iii) early redemption of the relevant Notes, (iv) 
discretionary valuation of the rate by the Calculation Agent, (v) delisting of the relevant Notes and/or 
(vi) other consequences for Notes linked to any such benchmark(s). Any such action following the 
discontinuance of a reference rate could have a material adverse effect on the value of, and return on, 
the Notes.  
The market continues to develop in relation to SONIA, SOFR, €STR, TONA and other risk-free rates 
as reference rates for Floating Rate Notes 
In accordance with the provisions of Condition 4(b) of the Terms and Condition of the Notes and the 
Rate Linked Conditions, the interest amount in respect of Floating Rate Notes or Rate Linked Notes, 
may be determined by reference to SONIA, SOFR, €STR, TONA and other risk-free rates. 
The market continues to develop in relation to risk-free rates, such as SONIA, SOFR, €STR and TONA, 
as reference rates in the capital markets for sterling, U.S. dollar, euro and yen bonds, respectively, and 
their adoption as alternatives to the relevant interbank offered rates. In addition, market participants and 
relevant working groups are exploring alternative reference rates based on risk-free rates, including term 
SONIA, SOFR, €STR and TONA reference rates, which seek to measure the market's forward 
expectation of an average SONIA, SOFR, €STR or TONA rate over a designated term. 
The market or a significant part thereof may adopt an application of risk-free rates that differs 
significantly from that set out in the terms and conditions of the Notes and used in relation to Notes that 
reference such risk-free rates issued under this Programme. The Issuer may in the future also issue Notes 
referencing SONIA, SOFR, €STR, TONA or other risk-free rates that differ materially in terms of 
interest or coupon determination when compared with any previous SONIA, SOFR, €STR, TONA or 
other risk-free rate referenced Notes issued by it hereunder. The development of risk-free rates for the 
Eurobond markets could result in reduced liquidity or increased volatility, and/or could otherwise affect 
the market price of any Notes that reference a risk-free rate issued hereunder from time to time.  
Notes referencing risk-free rates may have no established trading market when issued, and an established 
trading market may never develop or may not be very liquid. Market terms for Notes referencing such 
risk-free rates, such as the spread over the index reflected in interest rate provisions, may evolve over 
time, and trading prices of such Notes may be lower than those of later-issued indexed debt securities 
as a result. Further, if the relevant risk-free rates do not prove to be widely used in securities like the 
Notes, the trading price of such Notes linked to such risk-free rates may be lower than those of securities 
referencing indices that are more widely used. Investors may not be able to be sell such Notes at all or

--- Page 21 ---
21 
may not be able to sell them at prices that will provide a yield comparable to similar investments that 
have a developed secondary market, and an investment in Notes may suffer from increased pricing 
volatility and market risk. 
In addition, risk-free rates may differ from IBORs in a number of material respects, including (without 
limitation) by being backward-looking risk-free overnight rates calculated on a compounded or 
weighted average basis, whereas IBORs are generally expressed on the basis of a forward-looking term 
and include a risk-element based on interbank lending. As such, investors should be aware that IBORs 
and risk-free rates may behave materially differently as interest reference rates for the Notes. 
Interest on Notes which reference a backward-looking risk-free rate is not determined until the end of 
the relevant interest calculation period. Therefore, you may be unable to estimate the amount of interest 
which will accrue over a specific interest calculation period at the outset. Also, some investors may be 
unable or unwilling to trade such Notes without changes to their information technology or other 
operational systems, which could adversely impact the liquidity of such Notes. Further, if the Notes 
become due and payable under the terms and conditions of the Notes following the occurrence of an 
event of default, or are otherwise redeemed early on a date which is not an Interest Payment Date, the 
final Rate of Interest payable in respect of such Notes shall be determined by reference to a shortened 
period ending immediately prior to the date on which the Notes become due and payable or are scheduled 
for redemption. 
In addition, the manner of adoption or application of risk-free rates in the Eurobond markets may differ 
materially compared with the application and adoption of risk-free rates in other markets, such as the 
derivative and loan markets. Investors should carefully consider how any mismatch between the 
adoption of such reference rates in the bond, loan and derivatives markets may impact any hedging or 
other financial arrangements which you may put in place in connection with any acquisition, holding or 
disposal of Notes referencing such risk-free rates. 
If the Notes reference a compounded daily SONIA, SOFR, €STR or TONA rate (being a rate of return 
of a daily compound interest investment with the daily SONIA, SOFR, €STR or TONA as reference 
rate for the calculation of interest), in the event that the SONIA, SOFR, €STR or TONA reference rate 
is temporarily unavailable or has not otherwise been published, the amount of interest payable on such 
Notes will be determined by the Calculation Agent in its discretion with reference to a number of 
different types of methodologies. The substitute reference rate and adjustment spread will be determined 
by the Calculation Agent, which may or may not take into account prevailing industry standards in any 
related market (including, without limitation, the derivatives market and any ISDA fallback rate in 
respect of the discontinued SONIA, SOFR, €STR or TONA reference rate and any corresponding ISDA 
fallback adjustment applicable to such ISDA fallback rate). If such substitute reference rate and 
adjustment spread are applied to the Notes, this could result in adverse consequences to the amount of 
interest payable on such Notes, which could adversely affect the return on, value of and market for such 
Notes. Further, there is no assurance that the characteristics of any substitute reference rate and 
adjustment spread will be similar to, or will produce the economic equivalent of, the SONIA, SOFR, 
€STR or TONA reference rate upon which compounded daily SONIA, SOFR, €STR or TONA is based. 
Risks associated with SONIA 
SONIA is published by the Bank of England and is intended to reflect the wholesale sterling unsecured 
overnight borrowing costs of banks located in the British sterling area and to serve as a backstop 
reference rate for existing benchmark rates produced by the private sector. 
Since SONIA is published by the Bank of England based on data received from other sources, the Issuer 
has no control over its determination, calculation or publication. There can be no guarantee that SONIA 
will not be discontinued or fundamentally altered in a manner that is materially adverse to the interests 
of holders of SONIA-linked Notes. If the calculation methodology is changed, that change may result 
in a reduction of the amount of interest payable on the relevant Notes and the trading price of such Notes. 
Furthermore, SONIA in respect of any calendar day may be zero or negative.  
SONIA has been administered by the Bank of England since April 2016. On 23 April 2018, the 
methodology used to calculate the benchmark was reformed following several rounds of consultation. 
On 3 August 2020, the Bank of England began publishing the daily SONIA Compounded Index. In

--- Page 22 ---
22 
addition, the Bank of England makes also available historical data on SONIA going back to its creation 
in 1997, as well as the historical SONIA Compounded Index data going back to 23 April 2018, which 
is when the methodology used to calculate the benchmark was reformed. 
Investors should not rely on any historical changes or trends in SONIA as an indicator of future changes 
in SONIA. Also, Notes referencing SONIA may have no established trading market when issued, and 
an established trading market may never develop or may not be very liquid. Market terms for debt 
instruments indexed to SONIA, such as the spread over the index reflected in interest rate provisions, 
may evolve over time, and trading prices of the relevant Notes may be lower than those of later-issued 
debt instruments as a result.  
The Issuer may in the future also issue other Notes referencing SONIA that differ materially in terms of 
interest determination when compared with any pre-existing SONIA-linked Notes. The relatively recent 
development of SONIA as a reference rate for the Eurobond and structured product markets, as well as 
continued development of rates based on SONIA for such markets and market infrastructure for adopting 
such rates, could result in reduced liquidity or increased volatility or otherwise affect the market price 
of the relevant Notes.  
Interest on SONIA-linked Notes (where SONIA is part of a Compounded RFR or Compounded Index) 
is only capable of being determined at the end of the relevant interest calculation period and shortly 
prior to the relevant interest payment date. It may be difficult for investors in such Notes to reliably 
estimate the amount of interest that they will receive. 
Risks associated with TONA 
TONA is published by the Bank of Japan and is intended to reflect the Japanese yen unsecured overnight 
borrowing costs of banks located in the Japanese yen area and to serve as a backstop reference rate for 
existing benchmark rates produced by the private sector. 
Since TONA is published by the Bank of Japan based on data received from other sources, the Issuer 
has no control over its determination, calculation or publication. There can be no guarantee that TONA 
will not be discontinued or fundamentally altered in a manner that is materially adverse to the interests 
of holders of TONA-linked Notes. If the calculation methodology is changed, that change may result in 
a reduction of the amount of interest payable on the relevant Notes and the trading price of such Notes. 
Furthermore, TONA in respect of any calendar day may be zero or negative.  
TONA has been administered by the Bank of Japan since April 2016. Investors should not rely on any 
historical changes or trends in TONA as an indicator of future changes in TONA. Also, Notes 
referencing to TONA may have no established trading market when issued, and an established trading 
market may never develop or may not be very liquid. Market terms for debt instruments indexed to 
TONA, such as the spread over the index reflected in interest rate provisions, may evolve over time, and 
trading prices of the relevant Notes may be lower than those of later-issued debt instruments as a result.  
The Issuer may in the future also issue other Notes referencing TONA that differ materially in terms of 
interest determination when compared with any pre-existing TONA-linked Notes. The relatively recent 
development of TONA as a reference rate for the Eurobond and structured product markets, as well as 
continued development of rates based on TONA for such markets and market infrastructure for adopting 
such rates, could result in reduced liquidity or increased volatility or otherwise affect the market price 
of the relevant Notes.  
Interest on TONA-linked Notes (where TONA is part of a Compounded RFR or Compounded Index) is 
only capable of being determined at the end of the relevant interest calculation period and shortly prior 
to the relevant interest payment date. It may be difficult for investors in such Notes to reliably estimate 
the amount of interest that they will receive. 
Risks associated with SOFR 
The Federal Reserve Bank of New York (the NY Federal Reserve) began to publish SOFR in April 
2018 and began publishing SOFR averages and index values in March 2020. SOFR is intended to be a 
broad measure of the cost of borrowing cash overnight collateralised by U.S. Treasury securities.

--- Page 23 ---
23 
Furthermore, the NY Federal Reserve notes on its publication page for SOFR that use of SOFR is subject 
to important limitations, indemnification obligations and disclaimers, including that the NY Federal 
Reserve may alter the methods of calculation, publication schedule, rate revision practices or availability 
of SOFR at any time without notice. There can be no guarantee that SOFR will not be discontinued or 
fundamentally altered in a manner that is materially adverse to holders of SOFR-linked Notes. If the 
manner in which SOFR is calculated is changed or if SOFR is discontinued, that change or 
discontinuance may adversely affect the return on and value of the relevant Notes. 
Although the NY Federal Reserve has also begun publishing historical indicative SOFR going back to 
2014, such pre-publication historical data inherently involves assumptions, estimates and 
approximations. Investors should not rely on any historical changes or trends in SOFR as an indicator 
of the future performance of SOFR. Since the initial publication of SOFR, daily changes in the rate have, 
on occasion, been more volatile than daily changes in comparable benchmark or market rates. As a 
result, the return on and value of SOFR-linked Notes may fluctuate more than floating rate securities 
that are linked to less volatile rates. 
Risks associated with €STR 
€STR is published by the European Central Bank (the ECB) and is intended to reflect the wholesale 
euro unsecured overnight borrowing costs of banks located in the Euro area and to serve as a backstop 
reference rate for existing benchmark rates produced by the private sector. The ECB reports that €STR 
is calculated based entirely on actual individual transactions in Euro that are reported by banks in 
accordance with the ECB's money market statistical reporting (MMSR).  
The ECB reports that €STR is calculated as a volume-weighted trimmed mean based on borrowing 
transactions in Euro conducted with financial counterparties that banks report in accordance with 
Regulation (EU) No 1333/2014 (the MMSR Regulation), the concepts and definitions of which 
underlie the €STR conceptual framework. The ECB notes that €STR is based on daily confidential 
statistical information relating to money market transactions collected in accordance with the MMSR 
Regulation. The regular data collection started on 1 July 2016. €STR is based exclusively on the eligible 
data from the unsecured market segment of the MMSR.  
The ECB further notes that the use of €STR is subject to limitations and disclaimers, including that the 
ECB may (i) materially change the €STR methodology or €STR determination process, or (ii) cease the 
determination and publication of €STR (in each case after consulting with stakeholders to the extent it 
is possible or practicable and all as described in Guideline (EU) 2019/1265 of the European Central 
Bank of 10 July 2019 on the Euro short-term rate (€STR) (ECB/2019/19)) (as amended). 
Since €STR is published by the ECB based on data received from other sources, the Issuer has no control 
over its determination, calculation or publication. There can be no guarantee that €STR will not be 
discontinued or fundamentally altered in a manner that is materially adverse to the interests of holders 
of €STR-linked Notes. If the manner in which €STR is calculated is changed, that change may result in 
a reduction of the amount of interest payable on the relevant Notes and the trading price of such Notes. 
Furthermore, €STR in respect of any calendar day may be zero or negative.  
The ECB began to publish €STR as of 2 October 2018. The ECB had also begun publishing historical 
indicative pre-€STR going back to March 2017. Investors should not rely on any historical changes or 
trends in €STR as an indicator of future changes in €STR. Also, since €STR is a new market index, any 
€STR-linked Notes will be likely to have no established trading market when issued, and an established 
trading market may never develop or may not be very liquid. Market terms for debt instruments indexed 
to €STR, such as the spread over the index reflected in interest rate provisions, may evolve over time, 
and trading prices of the relevant Notes may be lower than those of later-issued debt instruments as a 
result.  
The Issuer may in the future also issue other Notes referencing €STR that differ materially in terms of 
interest determination when compared with any pre-existing €STR-linked Notes. The nascent 
development of €STR as a reference rate for the Eurobond and structured product markets, as well as 
continued development of rates based on €STR for such markets and market infrastructure for adopting 
such rates, could result in reduced liquidity or increased volatility or otherwise affect the market price 
of the relevant Notes.

--- Page 24 ---
24 
Interest on €STR-linked Notes (where €STR is part of a Compounded RFR or Compounded Index) is 
only capable of being determined at the end of the relevant interest calculation period and shortly prior 
to the relevant interest payment date. It may be difficult for investors in such Notes to reliably estimate 
the amount of interest that they will receive. 
In addition, the manner of adoption or application of reference rates based on €STR in the Eurobond 
and structured product markets may differ materially compared with the application and adoption of 
€STR in other markets, such as the derivatives and loan markets. Investors should carefully consider 
how any mismatch between the adoption of reference rates based on €STR across these markets may 
impact any hedging or other financial arrangements which they may put in place in connection with any 
acquisition, holding or disposal of your Notes.  
Furthermore, if €STR does not prove to be widely used in the Eurobond and structured product markets, 
the trading price of €STR-linked Notes may be lower than securities linked to other benchmarks that are 
more widely used. Holders of €STR-linked Notes may not be able to sell their Notes at all or may not 
be able to sell them at prices that will provide the holders with a yield comparable to similar investments 
that have a developed secondary market, and may consequently suffer from increased pricing volatility 
and market risk. 
Risks in connection with "with Observation Period Shift" and "with Lookback" compounding 
methodologies 
Where the reference rate applicable to the Notes is "Compounded Daily SONIA", "Compounded Daily 
SOFR", "Compounded Daily TONA" or "Compounded Daily €STR", the determination methodology 
will be further specified as "with Observation Period Shift" or "with Lookback", as applicable. "With 
Observation Period Shift" and "with Lookback" have emerged as conventions for the daily compounding 
of rates in arrears. The conventions differ with regard to the period that each method uses when 
weighting each business day's overnight rate for the relevant risk-free rate (such as SONIA, SOFR, 
€STR or TONA). The "with Observation Period Shift" approach weights the relevant risk-free rate 
according to the relevant number of days that apply in a separate observation period which 'shadows' 
the interest calculation period, for example, the observation period might start and end five business 
days before the relevant start and end of the corresponding interest calculation period. The "with 
Lookback" approach weights the relevant risk-free rate according to the number of days that apply in 
the relevant interest calculation period. Divergence between the "with Observation Period Shift" and 
"with Lookback" methodologies could lead to a difference in the amount of interest being determined 
even where the relevant risk-free rate is the same for the Notes, and such difference may result in less 
interest payable on the Notes than if the other methodology applied. 
Risk related to payments under Notes indexed to an Underlying 
In accordance with the provisions of Conditions 4(b) to 4(h) of the Terms and Condition of the Notes 
and the provisions of the annex to the Terms and Conditions of the Notes entitled "Payoff Annex" (the 
Payoff Annex), the repayment amount and/or the interest amount in respect of Floating Rate Notes, 
Rate Linked Notes, Index Linked Notes, Inflation Linked Notes, Share Linked Notes, Fund Linked 
Notes, ETF Linked Notes and Commodity Linked Notes may be indexed to changes in one or more 
underlying assets, which include shares, indices, commodities, fund units, ETF units, interest rates, or a 
basket of any of the above (each one individually an Underlying Asset). 
Potential investors in any such Notes should be aware that depending on the terms of such Notes (i) they 
may receive no or a limited amount of interest, (ii) payment of principal or interest may occur at a 
different time than expected and (iii) they may lose all or a substantial portion of their investment. In 
addition, the movements in the level or price or value of the Underlying Assets or the applicable 
formulae may be subject to significant fluctuations that may not correlate with changes in interest rates, 
currencies or other indices or similar components and the timing of changes in the relevant level or price 
or value of the Underlying Assets or the applicable formulae may affect the actual yield to investors, 
even if the average level is consistent with their expectations. In general, the earlier the change in the 
level or price or value of the Underlying Assets or result of the applicable formula, the greater the effect 
on yield.

--- Page 25 ---
25 
The market price of such Notes may be volatile and may depend on the time remaining to the redemption 
date and the volatility of the level or price or value of the Underlying Assets. The level of the Underlying 
Assets may be affected by the economic, financial and political events in one or more jurisdictions, 
including but not limited to the stock exchange(s) or quotation system(s) on which any of the Underlying 
Assets or any securities referencing the Underlying Assets may be traded. Holders of such Notes are 
exposed to the risk that changes in the level or price or value of the Underlying Assets or the applicable 
formulae may adversely affect the value of the Notes and as a result, could lose part of their investment. 
A Note will not represent a claim against any Underlying Asset(s) to which the amount of principal 
and/or interest payable in respect of the Notes is dependent and, in the event that the amount paid by the 
Issuer is less than the principal amount of the Notes, a Noteholder will not have recourse under a Note 
to any Underlying Asset. In addition investing in a Note will not entitle the Noteholder to benefit from 
a voting right (if any) attached to an Underlying Asset. 
Market Disruption and adjustments provisions may affect the value and liquidity of the Notes as well 
as postpone due dates for payment 
The terms and conditions of the Rate Linked Notes, Index Linked Notes, Inflation Linked Notes, Share 
Linked Notes, Fund Linked Notes, ETF Linked Notes or Commodity Linked Notes include provisions 
dealing with the occurrence of a disruption event or any other event, however defined, set out under the 
terms and conditions of such Notes and affecting the Notes or the underlying Benchmark Rate, Index, 
Inflation Index, Share, Commodity, Commodity Index, Basket of Indices, Basket of Inflation Indices, 
Basket of Shares, Basket of Funds, Basket of ETFs, Basket of Commodities or Basket of Commodity 
Indices as applicable, (a Disruption Event) on an Observation Date or any other relevant date. If the 
Calculation Agent determines that a Disruption Event has occurred or exists on such date, any 
consequential postponement of the relevant date or alternative provisions for valuation provided in any 
the terms and conditions of such Notes may have an adverse effect on the value and liquidity of such 
Notes. 
The timing of such dates (as scheduled or as so postponed or adjusted) may affect the value of the 
relevant Notes such that the Noteholder may receive a lower cash redemption amount and/or interest 
amount or other payment under the relevant Notes than otherwise would have been the case. In addition, 
any such consequential postponement may result in the postponement of the relevant due date for 
payment under the Notes and/or Maturity Date. Furthermore, following the occurrence of such a 
Disruption Event, the Issuer may (i) elect to notify to the Noteholders an early redemption of the Notes 
or (ii) make such adjustments to the terms and conditions of the Notes as it considers appropriate to 
reflect the consequences of the Disruption Event. 
Additional factors relating to Share Linked Notes 
The terms and conditions of the Share Linked Notes provide that following the declaration by the Basket 
Company or Share Company, as the case may be, of the terms of any Potential Adjustment Event, the 
Calculation Agent will, in its sole and absolute discretion, determine whether such Potential Adjustment 
Event has a diluting or concentrative effect on the theoretical value of the Shares and, if so, will make 
the corresponding adjustment, if any, to any terms of the Notes as the Calculation Agent in its sole and 
absolute discretion determines appropriate to account for that diluting or concentrative effect (provided 
that no adjustments will be made to account solely for changes in volatility, expected dividends, stock 
loan rate or liquidity relative to the relevant Share). Such adjustment may have an adverse effect on the 
value and liquidity of the affected Share Linked Notes. 
The terms and conditions of the Share Linked Notes provide that if an Extraordinary Event occurs in 
relation to a Share it may lead to: 
- 
adjustments to any of the terms of the Notes (including, in the case of Share Linked Notes linked 
to a Basket of Shares, adjustments to and/or substitution of constituent shares of the Basket of 
Shares); 
- 
early redemption in whole or, in the case of Share Linked Notes relating to a Basket of Shares, 
in part or the amount payable on scheduled redemption being different from the amount 
expected to be paid at scheduled redemption; or

--- Page 26 ---
26 
- 
the Calculation Agent making an adjustment to any terms of the Notes which corresponds to 
any adjustment to the settlement terms of options on the Shares traded on such exchange(s) or 
quotation system(s) as the Issuer in its sole discretion shall select (the Option Exchange) or, if 
options on the Shares are not traded on the Option Exchange, the Calculation Agent making 
such adjustment, if any, to the terms of the Notes as the Calculation Agent in its sole and 
absolute discretion determines appropriate, with reference to the rules and precedents (if any) 
set by the Option Exchange to account for the relevant Extraordinary Event, that in the 
determination of the Calculation Agent would have given rise to an adjustment by the Option 
Exchange if such options were so traded. 
Risks relating to physical settlement 
Where the terms and conditions of the Notes provide for settlement by way of physical delivery, the 
Issuer may determine that the specified assets to be delivered are either (a) assets which for any reason 
(including, without limitation, failure of the relevant clearance system or due to any law, regulation, 
court order or market conditions or the non-receipt of any requisite consents with respect to the delivery 
of assets which are loans) it is impossible or illegal to deliver on the specified settlement date or (b) 
assets which the Issuer and/or any affiliate has not received under the terms of any transaction entered 
into by the Issuer and/or such affiliate to hedge the Issuer's obligations in respect of the Notes. Any such 
determination may delay settlement in respect of the Notes and/or cause the obligation to deliver such 
specified assets to be replaced by an obligation to pay a cash amount which, in either case, may affect 
the value of the Notes and, in the case of payment of a cash amount, will affect the timing of the valuation 
of such Notes and as a result, the amount of principal payable on redemption.  
Non-delivery of Shares will not constitute an Event of Default 
Where physical settlement applies to the Notes, if the Issuer and/or any of its affiliates have not received 
the Shares and/or cash for whatever reason, including as a result of a failure to deliver by a third party 
under the terms of any hedging transaction, such event will not constitute an Event of Default for the 
purpose of the Notes. In such circumstances settlement of the Notes, may be substantially delayed and/or 
may be in cash (in whole or in part) which may affect Noteholders.  
Additional factors relating to Fund Linked Notes 
The terms and conditions of the Fund Linked Notes provide that following the declaration of the terms 
of any Potential Adjustment Event, the Calculation Agent will, in its sole and absolute discretion, 
determine whether such Potential Adjustment Event has a diluting or concentrative effect on the 
theoretical value of the Funds and, if so, will make the corresponding adjustment, if any, to any terms 
of the Notes as the Calculation Agent in its sole and absolute discretion determines appropriate to 
account for that diluting or concentrative effect (provided that no adjustments will be made to account 
solely for changes in volatility, expected dividends, stock loan rate or liquidity relative to the relevant 
Fund). Such adjustment may have an adverse effect on the value and liquidity of the affected Fund 
Linked Notes. 
The terms and conditions of the Share Linked Notes provide that if an Extraordinary Event occurs in 
relation to a Fund it may lead to: 
- 
adjustments to any of the terms of the Notes (including, in the case of Fund Linked Notes linked 
to a Basket of Funds, adjustments to and/or substitution of constituent shares of the Basket of 
Funds); or 
- 
early redemption in whole or, in the case of Fund Linked Notes relating to a Basket of Funds, 
in part or the amount payable on scheduled redemption being different from the amount 
expected to be paid at scheduled redemption. 
Additional factors relating to ETF Linked Notes 
The ETF Annex allows for ETF Linked Notes to be issued. The Issuer may issue Notes where the amount 
of principal payable is dependent upon the price or changes in the price of units or shares in an exchange 
traded fund or exchange traded funds. As a result, Noteholders are exposed to the risk that changes in

--- Page 27 ---
27 
the price of units or shares in an exchange traded fund or exchange traded funds may adversely affect 
the value of ETF Linked Notes and as a result, Noteholders could lose all or part of their investment. 
Where the Underlying is an exchange traded fund, there is a risk that such exchange traded fund will 
not accurately track its underlying share or index. 
Where the Notes are linked to an ETF and the investment objective of such ETF is to track the 
performance of a share or an index, the Noteholders are exposed to the performance of such ETF rather 
than the underlying share or index such ETF tracks. For certain reasons, including to comply with certain 
tax and regulatory constraints, an ETF may not be able to track or replicate the constituent securities of 
the underlying share or index, which could give rise to a difference between the performance of the 
underlying share or index and such ETF. Accordingly, Noteholders who purchase Notes that are linked 
to an ETF may receive a lower return than if such investors had invested in the share or the index 
underlying such ETF directly. 
Action or non-performance by the management company, fund administrator or sponsor of an exchange 
traded fund may adversely affect the Notes 
The management company, fund administrator or sponsor of an ETF will have no involvement in the 
offer and sale of the Notes and will have no obligation to any purchaser of such Notes. The management 
company, fund administrator or sponsor of an ETF may take any actions in respect of such ETF without 
regard to the interests of the purchasers of the Notes, and any of these actions could adversely affect the 
market value of the Notes. In its day-to-day operations and its investment strategy, an ETF will rely on 
the fund advisor, the investment advisor, the management company and/or on third parties providing 
services such as safekeeping of assets or acting as counterparty to derivatives or other instruments used 
by such ETF to employ its investment strategy. The insolvency or non-performance of services of any 
such persons or institutions may expose an ETF to financial loss. Failure of procedures or systems, as 
well as human error or external events associated with an ETF's management and/or administration may 
cause losses to an ETF and affect the market value of the Notes. 
Determinations made by the Calculation Agent in respect of Potential Adjustment Events and 
Extraordinary Events may have an adverse effect on the value of the Notes 
Upon determining that a Potential Adjustment Event or an Extraordinary Event has occurred in relation 
to an underlying exchange traded fund or in relation to a share or unit of an underlying exchange traded 
fund, the Calculation Agent has discretionary authority under the Terms and Conditions of the Notes to 
make certain determinations to account for such event including to (i) make adjustments to the terms of 
the Notes and/or (ii) cause early redemption of the Notes, any of which determinations may have an 
adverse effect on the value of the Notes. 
Notes linked to a basket of Indices, Shares or ETFs 
The terms and conditions of the Index Linked Notes, the Share Linked Notes and the ETF Linked Notes 
provide that such Notes may be linked to multiple Indices, multiple Shares or multiple ETFs, as 
applicable. Where Notes are linked to the value of multiple Indices, multiple Shares or multiple ETFs 
(in each case, the Underlyings) forming a basket of assets (in each case, a Basket), investors will be 
exposed to the value of the Basket and will bear the risk of the value of each of the Underlyings in the 
Basket. Investors should be aware that, even in the case of a positive performance of one or more of the 
Underlyings in the Basket, the value of the Basket as a whole may be negative if the performance of the 
other Underlyings in the Basket is negative to a greater extent. Investors should also be aware that the 
value of a Basket that includes fewer Underlyings will generally be affected to a greater extent by 
changes in the value of any particular Underlying included in the Basket than a Basket that includes a 
greater number of Underlyings. Where the Underlyings in a Basket are subject to weighting, the 
performance of an Underlying with a greater weighting in the Basket will generally have a greater effect 
on the performance of the Basket than an Underlying with a lesser weighting in the Basket. 
Additional Factors relating to Multi-Asset Basket Linked Notes

--- Page 28 ---
28 
An investment in Multi-Asset Basket Linked Notes will entail significant risks not associated with an 
investment in a conventional debt security. The terms and conditions of Multi-Asset Basket Linked 
Notes provide that (i) on redemption of Multi-Asset Basket Linked Notes, Noteholders will receive an 
amount (if any) determined by reference to the price, value or level of two (2) or more types of 
Underlyings and/or (ii) Multi-Asset Basket Linked Notes pay interest calculated by reference to the 
price, value or level of two (2) or more types of Underlyings. The Underlyings being a commodity, 
commodity index, index, inflation index, benchmark rate, ETF, share unit or fund unit, please refer to 
the risk factors above. 
Notes in respect of which interest and/or redemption payments are subject to a cap and/or a floor 
Condition 4(b)(iii) (Interest on Floating Rate Notes) (in respect of Floating Rate Notes) of the Terms 
and Conditions of the Notes and the Payoff Annex allow for Notes to be structured such that the amount 
payable in respect of interest (if any) or principal is subject to the application of a cap or a floor, or a 
combination of those factors or similar related features; in such case, the market value of the Notes may 
be even more volatile than those for securities that do not include those features. In particular, but 
without limiting the generality of the foregoing, the effect of a cap or floor, or a combination thereof, 
may mean that the investor will not fully participate in any positive performance of the underlying(s) 
and any payments in respect of the Notes will be lower than they would have been without a cap, floor 
or combination thereof, as the case may be. 
Notes linked to formulas contained in the Payoff Annex with a multiplier or other leverage factor can 
be particularly volatile investments 
Notes linked to formulas contained in the Payoff Annex can be volatile investments. If they are 
structured to include multipliers or other leverage factors, or caps or floors, or any combination of those 
features, their market values may be even more volatile than those for securities that do not include those 
features, and such volatility may have a significant adverse effect on the market value of the Notes. 
Risks related to the investment in the Notes 
There is a limited prior market for the Notes  
There is currently a limited prior market for the Notes, and there can be no assurance that any market 
will develop for the Notes or that Noteholders will be able to sell their Notes in the secondary market. 
Although no assurance can be given that a liquid trading market for the Notes will develop, the Notes 
will be admitted to trading on the Luxembourg Stock Exchange. There is no obligation on the part of 
any party to make a market in the Notes. Moreover, although the Issuer can purchase Notes at any time 
(subject to regulatory approval), the Issuer is not obligated to do so. Purchases made by the Issuer could 
affect the liquidity of the secondary market of the Notes and thus the price and the conditions under 
which investors can sell these Notes on the secondary market. 
The conditions of the Notes contain provisions which may permit their modification without the 
consent of all investors and such modification may result in a negative impact on the market value of 
the Notes 
The Terms and Conditions of the Notes contain provisions for calling meetings of Noteholders to 
consider matters affecting their interests generally. These provisions permit defined majorities to bind 
all Noteholders including Noteholders who did not attend and vote at the relevant meeting and 
Noteholders who voted in a manner contrary to the majority. If a decision is adopted by a majority of 
Noteholders and such modifications were to impair or limit the rights of Noteholders, this may have a 
negative impact on the market value of the Notes. 
Rights of the Noteholders 
The Issuer is a société anonyme with its corporate seat in France. In the event that the Issuer becomes 
insolvent, insolvency proceedings (including conciliation proceedings (procédure de conciliation), 
safeguard proceedings (procédure de sauvegarde), accelerated safeguard proceedings (procédure de 
sauvegarde accélérée) and judicial reorganisation or liquidation proceedings (procédure de 
redressement ou de liquidation judiciaires) affecting creditors will be generally governed by the

--- Page 29 ---
29 
insolvency laws of France to the extent that, where applicable , the "centre of main interests" (as 
construed under Regulation (EU) 2015/848, as amended) of the Issuer is located in France. 
The Directive (EU) 2019/1023 on preventive restructuring frameworks, on discharge of debt and 
disqualifications, and on measures to increase the efficiency of procedures concerning restructuring, 
insolvency and discharge of debt, and amending Directive (EU) 2017/1132 has been transposed into 
French law by the Ordonnance 2021-1193 dated 15 September 2021. Such Ordonnance, applicable as 
from 1 October 2021, amends French insolvency laws notably with regard to the process of adoption of 
restructuring plans under insolvency proceedings. According to this Ordonnance, "affected parties" 
(including notably creditors, and therefore the Noteholders) shall be treated in separate classes for the 
purpose of adopting a restructuring plan. Classes shall be formed in such a way that each class comprises 
claims or interests with rights that reflect a sufficient commonality of interest based on verifiable criteria. 
Noteholders will no longer deliberate on the proposed restructuring plan in a separate assembly, meaning 
that they will no longer benefit from a specific veto power on this plan. Instead, as any other affected 
parties, the Noteholders will be grouped into one or several classes (with potentially other types of 
creditors) and their dissenting vote may possibly be overridden (i) by a cross-class cram down inside 
their class if grouped with other creditors or (ii) by a cross-class cram down between classes.  
The decision of each class is taken by a two-third (2/3rd) majority of the voting rights of the participating 
members, no quorum being required . 
If the restructuring plan is not approved by all classes of affected parties, it can still be ratified by the 
court at the request of the Issuer, as the case may be, or the receiver with the consent of the relevant 
Issuer, and be imposed on dissenting classes through a cross-class cram down, under certain conditions. 
For the avoidance of doubt, the provisions relating to the meetings of the Noteholders described in the 
Terms and Conditions of the Notes set out in this Base Prospectus and the Agency Agreement will not 
be applicable to the extent they are not in compliance with compulsory insolvency law provisions that 
apply in these circumstances. 
The procedures that are described above, as they may be amended from time to time, could have an 
adverse impact on Noteholders seeking repayment in the event that the Issuer were to become insolvent. 
The commencement of insolvency proceedings against the Issuer would have a material adverse effect 
on the market value of Notes issued by the Issuer. As a consequence, any decision taken by a class of 
affected parties, could negatively and significantly impact the Noteholders and cause them to lose all or 
part of their investment, should they not be able to recover all or part of the amounts due to them from 
the Issuer. 
Absence of gross-up 
In accordance with Condition 7(a) of the Terms and Conditions of the Notes, the Notes will not have 
the benefit of a gross up provision in respect of withholding tax. The Issuer will not pay any additional 
amounts in respect of any such withholding or deduction. Therefore, the corresponding risk shall be 
borne by the Noteholders. In this case, Noteholders may suffer a loss corresponding to such additional 
amounts. 
Risks associated with inflation 
The real return (or yield) on an investment in Notes will be reduced by inflation. Consequently, the 
higher the rate of inflation, the lower the real yield on a security will be. 
If the terms and conditions of the Notes provide that some or all of the principal shall be repaid at 
maturity, such scheduled principal repayment will not provide protection from the effect of inflation. 
After adjustment for inflation, the real return (or yield) on the Notes at maturity could be negative. 
More generally, if the inflation rate is equal to or greater than the yield under a Note, the real yield a 
holder of such Note will achieve will be zero or even negative.

--- Page 30 ---
30 
Accordingly, inflation may have a negative effect on the value of and return on the Notes. You should 
consider the potential impact of inflation (including if the rate of inflation is anticipated to rise over the 
term of the Notes) before purchasing Notes.  
RISKS RELATED TO OTHER MATTERS 
Enforceability of Judgments 
The United Kingdom left the European Union on 31 January 2020 ("Brexit") and the transitional period 
agreed in the withdrawal agreement expired on 31 December 2020. As a result, the Recast Brussels 
Regulation (Regulation (EU) No. 1215/2012 of the European Parliament and of the Council of 12 
December 2012) has ceased to ap ply to the UK (and English court judgments). 
There is uncertainty concerning the enforcement of English court judgments in France following Brexit. 
As no new reciprocal agreement on civil justice has been agreed, there will be a period of uncertainty 
concerning the enforcement of English court judgments in France. As a result, there is a risk that a 
judgment entered against the Issuer in an English court may not be recognised or enforceable in France 
(respectively) as a matter of law without a re-trial on its merits.

--- Page 31 ---
31 
RETAILS CASCADES 
Except in the circumstances described below, the Issuer has not authorised the making of any offer by 
any offeror and the Issuer has not consented to the use of this Base Prospectus by any other person in 
connection with any offer of the Notes in any jurisdiction. Any offer made without the consent of the 
Issuer is unauthorised and neither the Issuer nor, for the avoidance of doubt, any of the Dealers accepts 
any responsibility or liability in relation to such offer or for the actions of the persons making any such 
unauthorised offer. 
In the context of any offer of Notes from time to time in France, Luxembourg, Italy, Spain and/or 
(provided that this Base Prospectus has been subject to a prior notification to the competent authority of 
such other member Sate in accordance with article 25 of the Prospectus Regulation) any other relevant 
member State of the European Union as specified in the applicable Final Terms (the Non-exempt Offer 
Jurisdictions) that is not made within an exemption from the requirement to publish a prospectus under 
article 1(4) and/or article 3(2) of the Prospectus Regulation, as amended (a Non-exempt Offer), the 
Issuer' consent to the use of this Base Prospectus as so supplemented in connection with a Non-exempt 
Offer of any Notes during the offer period (if any) specified in the applicable Final Terms (the Offer 
Period) and in the Non-exempt Offer Jurisdiction(s) specified in the applicable Final Terms by: 
if Specific Consent is specified in the applicable Final Terms: 
(a) 
any financial intermediary named therein (the Initial Authorised Offeror), subject to the 
relevant conditions set out in such Final Terms; and 
(b) 
any financial intermediary appointed after the date of the applicable Final Terms and whose 
name 
is 
published 
on 
the 
website 
of 
the 
Issuer 
(https://www.edmond-de-
rothschild.com/en/Pages/Information-reglementees.aspx) and identified as an additional Authorised 
Offeror (the Additional Authorised Offeror) in respect of the Non-exempt Offer; and/or 
if General Consent is specified in the applicable Final Terms, any financial intermediary which is 
authorised to make offers under Directive 2014/65/EU of the European Parliament and of the Council 
on markets in financial instruments (as amended) (the General Authorised Offeror), including under 
any applicable implementing measure in each relevant jurisdiction (MiFID II) shall, for the duration of 
the relevant Offer Period, publish on its website or on the website of the Initial Authorised Offeror (if 
any) that it is using this Base Prospectus for such Non-exempt Offer in accordance with the consent of 
the Issuer and that it accepts the Authorised Offeror Terms set out below relating to the use of the consent 
and the other conditions attached thereto. 
Authorised Offeror Terms are that the relevant financial intermediary will, and agrees, represents, 
warrants and undertakes for the benefit of the Issuer and the relevant Dealer that it will, at all times in 
connection with the relevant Non-exempt Offer of the Notes: 
(a) 
act in accordance with, and be solely responsible for complying with, all applicable laws, rules, 
regulations and guidance of any applicable regulatory bodies (the Rules) from time to time 
including, without limitation and in each case, Rules relating to both the appropriateness or 
suitability of any investment in the Notes by any person and disclosure to any potential investor 
and will immediately inform the Issuer and the Dealers if at any time such financial intermediary 
becomes aware or suspects that it is or may be in violation of any Rules and take all appropriate 
steps to remedy such violation and comply with such Rules in all aspects; 
(b) 
comply with the restrictions set out under "Subscription and Sale" in this Base Prospectus which 
would apply as if it were a Dealer; 
(c) 
consider the relevant manufacturer's target market assessment and distribution channels 
identified under the "MiFID II product governance" legend set out in the applicable Final Terms;

--- Page 32 ---
32 
(d) 
ensure that any fee or rebate (and any other commissions or benefits of any kind) received or 
paid by that financial intermediary in relation to the offer or sale of the Notes does not violate 
the Rules and, to the extent required by the Rules, is fully and clearly disclosed to investors or 
potential investors; 
(e) 
hold all licences, consents, approvals and permissions required in connection with solicitation 
of interest in, or offers or sales of, the Notes under the Rules; 
(f) 
comply with and takes appropriate steps in relation to applicable anti-money laundering, anti-
bribery, anti-corruption and "know your client" Rules (including taking appropriate steps, in 
compliance with such Rules, to establish and document the identity of each potential investor 
prior to initial investment in any Notes by the investor), and will not permit any application for 
the Notes in circumstances where the financial intermediary has any suspicions as to the source 
of the application monies; 
(g) 
retain investor identification records for at least the minimum period required under applicable 
Rules, and shall, if so requested, make such records available to the relevant Dealer(s) and the 
Issuer or directly to the appropriate authorities with jurisdiction over the Issuer and/or the 
relevant Dealer(s) in order to enable the Issuer and/or the relevant Dealer(s) to comply with anti-
money laundering, anti-bribery, anti-corruption and "know your client" rules applying to the 
Issuer and/or the relevant Dealer(s); 
(h) 
ensure it does not give any information other than that contained in this Base Prospectus (as 
may be amended or supplemented by the Issuer from time to time) or make any representation 
in connection with the offering or sale of, or the solicitation of interest in, the Notes; 
(i) 
agree that any communication in which it attaches or otherwise includes any announcement 
published by the Issuer at the end of the Offer Period will be consistent with the Base Prospectus, 
and (in any case) must be fair, clear and not misleading and in compliance with the Rules and 
must state that such General Authorised Offeror has provided it independently from the Issuer 
and must expressly confirm that the Issuer has not accepted any responsibility for the content 
of any such communication; 
(j) 
ensure that no holder of Notes or potential Investor in Notes shall become an indirect or direct 
client of the Issuer or the relevant Dealer for the purposes of any applicable Rules from time to 
time, and to the extent that any client obligations are created by the relevant financial 
intermediary under any applicable Rules, then such financial intermediary shall perform any 
such obligations so arising; 
(k) 
co-operate with the Issuer and the relevant Dealer in providing any information (including 
without limitation documents and records maintained pursuant to paragraph (g) above) upon 
written request from the Issuer and/or the relevant Dealer as is available to such financial 
intermediary or which is within its power and control from time to time together with such 
further assistance as is reasonably requested by the Issuer and/or the relevant Dealer in 
connection with any request or investigation by any regulator, any complaint received in relation 
to the Notes or which the Issuer and/or the relevant Dealer may require to comply with its own 
legal, tax and regulatory requirements as soon as is reasonably practicable and, in any event, 
within any time frame set by any regulator or regulatory process pursuant to which such 
information has been requested by the Issuer and/or the relevant Dealer; 
(l) 
during the primary distribution period of the Notes: (i) not sell the Notes at any price other than 
the Issue Price (unless otherwise agreed with the relevant Dealer); (ii) not sell the Notes 
otherwise than for settlement on the Issue Date (as specified in the applicable Final Terms); and 
(iii) not appoint any sub-distributors (unless otherwise agreed with the relevant Dealer);

--- Page 33 ---
33 
(m) 
make available to each potential investor in the Notes the Base Prospectus (as supplemented as 
at the relevant time, if applicable), the applicable Final Terms and any applicable information 
booklet provided by the Issuer for such purpose, and not convey or publish any information that 
is not contained in or entirely consistent with the Base Prospectus; 
(n) 
if it conveys or publishes any communication (other than the Base Prospectus or any other 
materials provided to such financial intermediary by or on behalf of the Issuer for the purposes 
of the relevant Non-exempt Offer) in connection with the relevant Non-exempt Offer, ensure 
that such communication (i) is fair, clear and not misleading and complies with the Rules, (ii) 
states that such financial intermediary has provided such communication independently of the 
Issuer, that such financial intermediary is solely responsible for such communication and that 
neither the Issuer nor the relevant Dealer accepts any responsibility for such communication 
and (iii) does not, without the prior written consent of the Issuer or the relevant Dealer (as 
applicable), use the legal or publicity names of the Issuer or the relevant Dealer or any other 
name, brand or logo registered by an entity within their respective groups or any material over 
which any such entity retains a proprietary interest, except to describe the Issuer as issuer of the 
Notes on the basis set out in the Base Prospectus; 
(o) 
agree and undertake to indemnify each of the Issuer and the relevant Dealer (in each case on 
behalf of such entity and its respective directors, officers, employees, agents, affiliates and 
controlling persons) against any losses, liabilities, costs, claims, charges, expenses, actions or 
demands (including reasonable costs of investigation and any defence raised thereto and 
counsel's fees and disbursements associated with any such investigation or defence) which any 
of them may incur or which may be made against any of them arising out of or in relation to, or 
in connection with, any breach of any of the foregoing agreements, representations, warranties 
or undertakings by such financial intermediary, including (without limitation) any unauthorised 
action by such financial intermediary or failure by such financial intermediary to observe any 
of the above restrictions or requirements or the making by such financial intermediary of any 
unauthorised representation or the giving or use by it of any information which has not been 
authorised for such purposes by the Issuer or the relevant Dealer; 
(p) 
agree and accept that: 
(i) 
the contract between the Issuer and the financial intermediary formed upon acceptance 
by the financial intermediary of the Issuer's offer to use the Prospectus with its consent 
in connection with the relevant Non-exempt Offer (the Authorised Offeror Contract), 
and any non-contractual obligations arising out of or in connection with the Authorised 
Offeror Contract, shall be governed by, and construed in accordance with, English law; 
(ii) 
the courts of England are to have exclusive jurisdiction to settle any disputes which may 
arise out of or in connection with the Authorised Offeror Contract (including a dispute 
relating to any non-contractual obligations arising out of or in connection with the 
Authorised Offeror Contract) and accordingly submits to the exclusive jurisdiction of 
the English courts; and 
(iii) 
the Issuer and each relevant Dealer will, pursuant to the Contracts (Rights of Third 
Parties) Act 1999, be entitled to enforce those provisions of the Authorised Offeror 
Contract which are, or are expressed to be, for their benefit, including the agreements, 
representations, warranties, undertakings and indemnity given by the financial 
intermediary pursuant to the Authorised Offeror Terms; 
(q) 
ensure that it does not, directly or indirectly, cause the Issuer or the relevant Dealer(s) to breach 
any Rule or any requirement to obtain or make any filing, authorisation or consent in any 
jurisdiction; and

--- Page 34 ---
34 
(r) 
satisfy any further conditions specified in the applicable Final Terms, 
in each case for so long as they are authorised to make such offers under MiFID II. 
The financial intermediaries referred to in 1 and 2 above are together referred to herein as Authorised 
Offerors. 
For the avoidance of doubt, none of the Dealers or the Issuer shall have any obligation to ensure that an 
Authorised Offeror complies with applicable laws and regulations and shall therefore have no liability 
in this respect. 
The Issuer accepts responsibility, in the Non-exempt Offer Jurisdiction(s) specified in the Final Terms, 
for the content of this Base Prospectus in relation to any person (an Investor) in such Non-exempt Offer 
Jurisdiction(s) to whom an offer of any Notes is made by any Authorised Offeror and where the offer is 
made in compliance with all the conditions attached to the giving of the consent, all as mentioned in this 
Base Prospectus and/or as specified in the applicable Final Terms. However, none of the Issuer or any 
Dealer has any responsibility for any of the actions of any Authorised Offeror, including compliance by 
an Authorised Offeror with applicable conduct of business rules or other local regulatory requirements 
or other securities law requirements in relation to such offer. 
The consent referred to above relates to Offer Periods (if any) occurring within 12 months from the date 
of the approval of this Base Prospectus by the CSSF. 
In the event the applicable Final Terms designate Authorised Offeror(s) to whom the Issuer has 
given its consent to use this Base Prospectus during an Offer Period, the Issuer may also give 
consent to Additional Authorised Offeror(s) so long as they are authorised to make such offers 
under MiFID II (also an Authorised Offeror) after the date of the applicable Final Terms and, if 
it does so, it will publish any new information in relation to such Additional Authorised Offeror(s) 
who are unknown at the time of the approval of this Base Prospectus or the filing of the applicable 
Final 
Terms 
on 
its 
website 
(https://www.edmond-de-rothschild.com/en/Pages/Information-
reglementees.aspx) and at www.luxse.com. 
If the Final Terms specify that General Consent is applicable, any General Authorised Offeror is 
required, for the duration of the Offer Period, to publish on its website or on the website of the 
Initial Authorised Offeror (if any) that it is using this Base Prospectus for the relevant Non-exempt 
Offer with the consent of the Issuer and in accordance with the conditions attached thereto. 
Other than as set out above, neither the Issuer nor any of the Dealers has authorised the making of any 
Non-exempt Offer by any person in any circumstances and such person is not permitted to use this Base 
Prospectus in connection with its offer of any Notes. Any such offers are not made on behalf of the 
Issuer or by any of the Dealers or Authorised Offerors and none of the Issuer or any of the Dealers or 
Authorised Offerors has any responsibility or liability for the actions of any person making such offers. 
An Investor intending to acquire or acquiring any Notes from an Authorised Offeror will do so, and 
offers and sales of the Notes to an Investor by an Authorised Offeror will be made, in accordance with 
any terms and other arrangements in place between such Authorised Offeror and such Investor including 
as to price allocations and settlement arrangements (the Terms and Conditions of the Non-exempt 
Offer). The Issuer will not be a party to any such arrangements with Investors (other than Dealers) in 
connection with the offer or sale of the Notes and, accordingly, this Base Prospectus and any Final 
Terms will not contain such information and an investor must obtain such information from the 
Authorised Offeror. The Terms and Conditions of the Non-exempt Offer shall be provided to 
Investors by that Authorised Offeror at the time of the Non-exempt Offer. None of the Issuer or 
any of the Dealers or other Authorised Offerors has any responsibility or liability for such information.

--- Page 35 ---
35 
DOCUMENTS INCORPORATED BY REFERENCE 
The sections referred to below included in the following documents (see hyperlinks in blue below) 
which have been previously published or are published simultaneously with this Base Prospectus shall 
be incorporated by reference in, and form part of, this Base Prospectus, save that any statement 
contained in the information which is deemed to be incorporated by reference herein shall be deemed 
to be modified or superseded for the purpose of this Base Prospectus to the extent that a statement 
contained herein modifies or supersedes such earlier statement (whether expressly, by implication or 
otherwise). Any statement so modified or superseded shall not, except as so modified or superseded, 
constitute a part of this Base Prospectus.  
The information on the website of the Issuer does not form part of this Base Prospectus unless that 
information is expressly incorporated by reference into the Base Prospectus. 
1. 
The 2022 Annual Report of the Issuer (the 2022 Annual Report), which includes the audited 
consolidated financial statements of the Issuer for the year ended 31 December 2022 and the 
related 
statutory 
auditors' 
report: 
https://www.edmond-de-
rothschild.com/SiteCollectionDocuments/Rapport-
annuel/France/EN/EDR_France_RA_2804_VFinale_EN.pdf. 
2. 
The 2021 Annual Report of the Issuer (the 2021 Annual Report), which includes the audited 
consolidated financial statements of the Issuer for the year ended 31 December 2021 and the 
related 
statutory 
auditors' 
report: 
https://www.edmond-de-
rothschild.com/SiteCollectionDocuments/Rapport-annuel/France/EN/EdR-France-AR-2021-
EN.pdf. 
3. 
The terms and conditions of the Notes, together with the Annexes thereto, set out in pages 88 to 
338 of the base prospectus dated 11 July 2022 relating to the Programme under the heading 
"Terms and Conditions of the Notes" (the 2022 Conditions): https://medianet.edmond-de-
rothschild.fr/edram/pdf/Prospectus-EMTN-2022-EN.pdf 
4. 
The terms and conditions of the Notes, together with the Annexes thereto, set out in pages 83 to 
305 of the base prospectus dated 9 July 2021 relating to the Programme under the heading 
"Terms and Conditions of the Notes" (the 2021 Conditions): https://www.edmond-de-
rothschild.com/SiteCollectionDocuments/information-reglementees/AUTRES-
INFORMATIONS-DUES-AU-TITRE-DES-EMTN-EMIS-PAR-EDR-FRANCE-
(Prospectus)/information_communes/Prospectus-9-juillet-2021.pdf. 
Any documents themselves incorporated by reference in the documents incorporated by reference in 
this Base Prospectus shall not form part of this Base Prospectus. Where only certain sections of a 
document referred to above are incorporated by reference in this Base Prospectus, the parts of the 
document, which are not incorporated by reference, are either not relevant to prospective investors in 
the Notes or covered elsewhere in this Base Prospectus. 
The Issuer will, in the event of there being any significant new factor, material mistake or material 
inaccuracy relating to information included in this Base Prospectus which may affect the assessment of 
any Notes and whose inclusion in or removal from this Base Prospectus is necessary for the purpose of 
allowing an investor to make an informed assessment of the assets and liabilities, financial position, 
profits and losses and prospects of the Issuer, and the rights attaching to the Notes and the reason for 
the issuance and its impact on the Issuer, be required to, prepare if appropriate a supplement to this Base 
Prospectus or publish a new Base Prospectus for use in connection with any subsequent issue, listing 
and admission to trading on a regulated market, of Notes. 
Following the publication of this Base Prospectus a supplement may be prepared by the Issuer and 
approved by the CSSF in accordance with Article 23 of the Prospectus Regulation. Statements contained 
in any such supplement (or contained in any document incorporated by reference therein) shall, to the 
extent applicable, be deemed to modify or supersede statements contained in this Base Prospectus or in 
a document which is incorporated by reference in this Base Prospectus. Any statement so modified or 
superseded shall not, except as so modified or superseded, constitute a part of this Base Prospectus.

--- Page 36 ---
36 
The Base Prospectus (together with any Final Terms relating to Notes admitted to trading on a Regulated 
Market) has been published on the Luxembourg Stock Exchange’s website at www.luxse.com. 
For the purposes of the Prospectus Regulation, the information incorporated by reference in this Base 
Prospectus is set out in the following cross-reference table below. For the avoidance of doubt, the 
information requested to be disclosed by the Issuer as a result of Annex 6 of Commission Delegated 
Regulation (EU) 2019/980 supplementing the Prospectus Regulation (the Commission Delegated 
Regulation) and not referred to in the cross-reference table below is either contained in the relevant 
sections of this Base Prospectus or is not relevant to the Issuer. 
 
COMMISSION DELEGATED REGULATION - ANNEX 6 
2021 ANNUAL REPORT 
(page number) 
2022 ANNUAL REPORT 
(page number) 
Section 4 
Information about the issuer 
 
 
4.1 
History and development of the issuer 
 
 
4.1.1 
The legal and commercial name of the issuer. 
 
1 
4.1.2 
The place of registration of the issuer, its 
registration number and legal entity identifier 
(“LEI”). 
 
2 
4.1.4 
The domicile and legal form of the issuer, the 
legislation under which the issuer operates, its 
country of incorporation, the address, telephone 
number of its registered office (or principal place of 
business if different from its registered office) and 
website of the issuer, if any, with a disclaimer that 
the information on the website does not form part of 
the 
prospectus 
unless 
that 
information 
is 
incorporated by reference into the prospectus. 
 
2 
4.1.5 
Details of any recent events particular to the issuer 
and which are to a material extent relevant to an 
evaluation of the issuer's solvency. 
 
40 
Section 5 
Business Overview 
 
 
5.1 
Principal activities  
 
 
5.1.1 
A description of the issuer’s principal activities, 
including:  
(a) the main categories of products sold and/or 
services performed;  
(b) an indication of any significant new products or 
activities;  
(c) the principal markets in which the issuer 
competes. 
 
13 to 40 
Section 6 
Organisational Structure 
 
 
6.1 
If the issuer is part of a group, a brief description of 
the group and the issuer’s position within the group. 
Thus may be in the form of, or accompanied by, a 
diagram of the organisational structure if this helps 
to clarify the structure. 
 
6 to 11 
6.2 
If the issuer is dependent upon other entities within 
the group, this must be clearly stated together with 
an explanation of this dependence. 
 
6 to 11 
Section 7 
Trend Information 
 
 
7.2 
Information on any known trends, uncertainties, 
demands, 
commitments 
or 
events 
that 
are 
reasonably likely to have a material effect on the 
issuer’s prospects for at least the current financial 
year. 
 
40 
Section 9 
Administrative, Management and Supervisory bodies

--- Page 37 ---
37 
COMMISSION DELEGATED REGULATION - ANNEX 6 
2021 ANNUAL REPORT 
(page number) 
2022 ANNUAL REPORT 
(page number) 
9.1 
Names, business addresses and functions within the 
issuer of the following persons and an indication of 
the principal activities performed by them outside of 
that issuer where these are significant with respect 
to that issuer:  
(a) members of the administrative, management or 
supervisory bodies;  
(b) partners with unlimited liability, in the case of a 
limited partnership with a share capital. 
 
86 to 91 
Section 10 
Major Shareholders 
 
 
10.1 
To the extent known to the issuer, state whether the 
issuer is directly or indirectly owned or controlled 
and by whom and describe the nature of such control 
and describe the measures in place to ensure that 
such control is not abused. 
 
36 and 137 
Section 11 
Financial information concerning the issuer's assets 
and liabilities, financial position and profits and losses 
 
 
11.1 
Historical financial information  
 
 
11.1.1 
Audited historical financial information covering 
the latest two financial years (or such shorter period 
as the issuer has been in operation) and the audit 
report in respect of each year. 
 
86 to 183 
93 to 198 
11.1.3 
Accounting Standards : 
 
The financial information must be prepared 
according to International Financial Reporting 
Standards as endorsed in the Union based on 
Regulation (EC) No 1606/2002. 
- 
Balance sheet 
- 
Income statement 
- 
Cash flow statement 
- 
The accounting policies and explanatory 
notes 
 
 
 
 
 
87 
88 
89 
91 to 147 
 
 
 
 
94 
95 
96 
98 to 159 
11.1.4 
Change of accounting framework : 
 
The last audited historical financial information, 
containing comparative information for the previous 
year, must be presented and prepared in a form 
consistent with the accounting standards framework 
that will be adopted in the Edmond de Rothschild 
(France)’s 
next 
published 
annual 
financial 
statements. 
 
Changes within Edmond de Rothschild (France)’s 
existing accounting framework do not require the 
audited financial statements to be restated. 
However, if Edmond de Rothschild (France) intends 
to adopt a new accounting standards framework in 
its next published financial statements, the latest 
year of financial statements must be prepared and 
audited in line with the new framework 
91 to 92 
98 
11.1.6 
Consolidated financial statements : 
 
If the issuer prepares both stand-alone and 
consolidated financial statements, include at least 
86 to 173 
93 to 188

--- Page 38 ---
38 
 
If documents which are incorporated by reference themselves incorporate any information or other 
documents therein, either expressly or implicitly, such information or other documents will not form 
part of this Base Prospectus for the purposes of the Prospectus Regulation except where such 
information or other documents are specifically incorporated by reference in this Base Prospectus. 
The 2021 Conditions and the 2022 Conditions are incorporated by reference in this Base Prospectus for 
the purpose only of further issues of Notes to be assimilated (assimilées) and form a single series with 
Notes already issued under the 2021 Conditions or the 2022 Conditions. 
 
COMMISSION DELEGATED REGULATION - ANNEX 6 
2021 ANNUAL REPORT 
(page number) 
2022 ANNUAL REPORT 
(page number) 
the consolidated financial statements in the 
registration document. 
11.3 
Auditing 
of 
historical 
annual 
financial 
information  
 
 
11.3.1 
The historical annual financial information must be 
independently audited. The audit report shall be 
prepared in accordance with the Directive 
2014/56/EU and Regulation (EU) No 537/2014.  
 
Where Directive 2014/56/EU and Regulation (EU) 
No 537/2014 do not apply: 
 
(a) the historical financial information must be 
audited or reported on as to whether or not, for the 
purposes of the registration document, it gives a true 
and fair view in accordance with auditing standards 
applicable in a Member State or an equivalent 
standard. 
 
(b) if the audit report on the historical information 
contain qualifications, modifications of opinion, 
disclaimers or an emphasis of matter, such 
qualifications, 
modifications, 
disclaimers 
or 
emphasis of matter must be reproduced in full and 
the reasons given. 
 
174 to 181 
189 to 196 
11.3.2 
Indication of other information in the registration 
document which has been audited by the auditors. 
38 to 72 
182 to 183 
44 to 81 
197 to 198 
Section 12 
Additional Information 
 
 
12.1 
Share capital :  
 
The amount of the issued capital, the number and 
classes of the shares of which it is composed with 
details of their principal characteristics, the part of 
the issued capital still to be paid up with an 
indication of the number, or total nominal value and 
the type of the shares not yet fully paid up, broken 
down where applicable according to the extent to 
which they have been paid up. 
 
36

--- Page 39 ---
39 
FORM OF FINAL TERMS 
[EEA MiFID II product governance / Professional investors and eligible counterparties (ECPs) 
only target market – Solely for the purposes of [the/each] manufacturer's product approval process, 
the target market assessment in respect of the Notes has led to the conclusion that: (i) the target market 
for the Notes is eligible counterparties and professional clients only, each as defined in Directive 
2014/65/EU (as amended, MiFID II); and (ii) all channels for distribution of the Notes to eligible 
counterparties and professional clients are appropriate. [Consider any negative target market. Possible 
wording could include, for example, "The target market assessment indicates that Notes are 
incompatible with the needs, characteristic and objectives of clients which are [fully risk averse/have 
no risk tolerance or are seeking on-demand full repayment of the amounts invested]"]. Any person 
subsequently offering, selling or recommending the Notes (a Distributor) should take into 
consideration the manufacturer['s/s'] target market assessment; however, a Distributor subject to MiFID 
II is responsible for undertaking its own target market assessment in respect of the Notes (by either 
adopting or refining the manufacturer['s/s'] target market assessment) and determining appropriate 
distribution channels.] (Include this legend alternative if the target market is intended to be professional 
investors only (ie, it does not include retail investors))  
[EEA MiFID II product governance / Retail investors, professional investors and eligible 
counterparties (ECPs) target market – Solely for the purposes of [the/each] manufacturer's product 
approval process, the target market assessment in respect of the Notes has led to the conclusion that: (i) 
the target market for the Notes is eligible counterparties, professional clients and retail clients, each as 
defined in Directive 2014/65/EU (as amended, MiFID II); EITHER [and (ii) all channels for distribution 
of the Notes are appropriate[, including investment advice, portfolio management, non-advised sales 
and pure execution services]] OR [(ii) all channels for distribution to eligible counterparties and 
professional clients are appropriate; and (iii) the following channels for distribution of the Notes to retail 
clients are appropriate - investment advice[,/ and] portfolio management[,/ and][ non-advised sales][ 
and pure execution services][, subject to the suitability and appropriateness obligations of the Distributor 
(as defined below) under MiFID II, as applicable]]. [Consider any negative target market. Possible 
wording could include, for example, "The target market assessment indicates that Notes are 
incompatible with the needs, characteristic and objectives of clients which are [fully risk averse/have 
no risk tolerance or are seeking on-demand full repayment of the amounts invested]"]. Any person 
subsequently offering, selling or recommending the Notes (a Distributor) should take into 
consideration the manufacturer['s/s'] target market assessment; however, a Distributor subject to MiFID 
II is responsible for undertaking its own target market assessment in respect of the Notes (by either 
adopting or refining the manufacturer['s/s'] target market assessment) and determining appropriate 
distribution channels[, subject to the Distributor's suitability and appropriateness obligations under 
MiFID II, as applicable].] (Include this legend alternative if the target market is intended to include 
retail investors)  
[UK MiFIR II product governance / Professional investors and ECPs only target market – Solely 
for the purposes of [the/each] manufacturer's product approval process, the target market assessment in 
respect of the Notes, has led to the conclusion that: (i) the target market for the Notes is eligible 
counterparties, as defined in the FCA Handbook Conduct of Business Sourcebook (COBS) and 
professional clients, as defined in Regulation (EU) No 600/2014 as it forms part of domestic law by 
virtue of the European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018 (EUWA) (UK MiFIR); and (ii) all channels for 
distribution of the Notes to eligible counterparties and professional clients are appropriate. [Consider 
any negative target market. Possible wording could include, for example, "The target market assessment 
indicates that Notes are incompatible with the needs, characteristic and objectives of clients which are 
[fully risk averse/have no risk tolerance or are seeking on-demand full repayment of the amounts 
invested]"]. Any person subsequently offering, selling or recommending the Notes (for the purposes of 
this paragraph, a Distributor) should take into consideration the manufacturer['s/s'] target market 
assessment; however, a distributor subject to the FCA Handbook Product Intervention and Product 
Governance Sourcebook (the UK MiFIR Product Governance Rules) is responsible for undertaking 
its own target market assessment in respect of the Notes (by either adopting or refining the 
manufacturer['s/s'] target market assessment) and determining appropriate distribution channels.

--- Page 40 ---
40 
[UK MiFIR II product governance / Retail investors, professional investors and ECPs target 
market – Solely for the purposes of [the/each] manufacturer's product approval process, the target 
market assessment in respect of the Notes has led to the conclusion that: (i) the target market for the 
Notes is only eligible counterparties, as defined in the FCA Handbook Conduct of Business Sourcebook 
(COBS), and professional clients, as defined in Regulation (EU) No 600/2014, as it forms part of 
domestic law by virtue of the European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018 (EUWA) (UK MiFIR), and retail 
clients, as defined in point (8) of Article 2 of Regulation (EU) No 2017/565 as it forms part of domestic 
law by virtue of EUWA; EITHER [and (ii) all channels for distribution of the Notes are appropriate[, 
including investment advice, portfolio management, non-advised sales and pure execution services]] OR 
[(ii) all channels for distribution to eligible counterparties and professional clients are appropriate; and 
(iii) the following channels for distribution of the Notes to retail clients are appropriate - investment 
advice[,/ and] portfolio management[,/ and][ non-advised sales][ and pure execution services][, subject 
to the suitability and appropriateness obligations of the Distributor (as defined below) under the UK 
MiFIR Product Governance Rules (as defined below), as applicable]]. [Consider any negative target 
market. Possible wording could include, for example, "The target market assessment indicates that 
Notes are incompatible with the needs, characteristic and objectives of clients which are [fully risk 
averse/have no risk tolerance or are seeking on-demand full repayment of the amounts invested]"]. Any 
person subsequently offering, selling or recommending the Notes (a Distributor) should take into 
consideration the manufacturer['s/s'] target market assessment; however, a Distributor subject to the 
FCA Handbook Product Intervention and Product Governance Sourcebook (the UK MiFIR Product 
Governance Rules) is responsible for undertaking its own target market assessment in respect of the 
Notes (by either adopting or refining the manufacturer['s/s'] target market assessment) and determining 
appropriate distribution channels[, subject to the Distributor's suitability and appropriateness obligations 
under the UK MiFIR Product Governance Rules, as applicable].] (Include this legend alternative if the 
target market is intended to include retail investors) 
[PRIIPs Regulation /[ Prospectus Regulation /] PROHIBITION OF SALES TO EEA RETAIL 
INVESTORS – The Notes are not intended to be offered, sold or otherwise made available to, and 
should not be offered, sold or otherwise made available to, any retail investor in the European Economic 
Area (EEA). For these purposes, a retail investor means a person who is one (or more) of: (i) a retail 
client as defined in point (11) of Article 4(1) of MiFID II; (ii) a customer within the meaning of Directive 
(EU) 2016/97, where that customer would not qualify as a professional client as defined in point (10) 
of Article 4(1) of MiFID II; or (iii) not a qualified investor as defined in Regulation 2017/1129 (as 
amended or superseded). Consequently, no key information document required by Regulation (EU) No. 
1286/2014 (as amended, the PRIIPs Regulation) for offering or selling the Notes or otherwise making 
them available to retail investors in the EEA has been prepared and therefore offering or selling the 
Notes or otherwise making them available to any retail investor in the EEA may be unlawful under the 
PRIIPS Regulation.] (Include this legend alternative if Notes are a "packaged product" for the purpose 
of the PRIIPs Regulation and a key information document will not be made available) 
[PRIIPs Regulation /[ Prospectus Regulation /] PROHIBITION OF SALES TO EEA RETAIL 
INVESTORS WITHOUT KID – The Notes are not intended to be offered, sold or otherwise made 
available to and should not be offered, sold or otherwise made available to any retail investor in the 
European Economic Area (EEA) without an updated key information document required by Regulation 
(EU) No. 1286/2014 for offering or selling the Notes or otherwise making them available to retail 
investors in the EEA. For these purposes, a retail investor means a person who is one (or more) of: (i) a 
retail client as defined in point (11) of Article 4(1) of MiFID II; (ii) a customer within the meaning of 
Directive (EU) 2016/97, where that customer would not qualify as a professional client as defined in 
point (10) of Article 4(1) of MiFID II; or (iii) not a qualified investor as defined in Regulation 2017/1129 
(as amended or superseded).] (Include this legend alternative if Notes are a "packaged product" for the 
purpose of the PRIIPS Regulation and a key information document will be made available) 
[UK PRIIPs Regulation – PROHIBITION OF SALES TO UK RETAIL INVESTORS – The Notes 
are not intended to be offered, sold or otherwise made available to, and should not be offered, sold or 
otherwise made available to, any retail investor in the United Kingdom (UK). For these purposes, a 
retail investor means a person who is one (or more) of: (i) a retail client, as defined in point (8) of

--- Page 41 ---
41 
Article 2 of Regulation (EU) No 2017/565 as it forms part of domestic law by virtue of the European 
Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018 (EUWA); (ii) a customer within the meaning of the provisions of the 
FSMA and any rules or regulations made under the FSMA to implement Directive (EU) 2016/97, where 
that customer would not qualify as a professional client, as defined in point (8) of Article 2(1) of 
Regulation (EU) No 600/2014 as it forms part of domestic law by virtue of the EUWA; or (iii) not a 
qualified investor as defined in Article 2 of Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 as it forms part of domestic law 
by virtue of the EUWA. Consequently no key information document required by Regulation (EU) No 
1286/2014 as it forms part of domestic law by virtue of the EUWA (the UK PRIIPs Regulation) for 
offering or selling the Notes or otherwise making them available to retail investors in the UK has been 
prepared and therefore offering or selling the Notes or otherwise making them available to any retail 
investor in the UK may be unlawful under the UK PRIIPs Regulation. (Include this legend alternative 
if Notes are a "packaged product" for the purpose of the UK PRIIPs Regulation and a key information 
document will not be made available or the issuer wishes to prohibit offers to UK retail investors for 
any other reason) 
[UK PRIIPs Regulation – PROHIBITION OF SALES TO UK RETAIL INVESTORS WITHOUT 
KID – The Notes are not intended to be offered, sold or otherwise made available to and should not be 
offered, sold or otherwise made available to any retail investor in the United Kingdom (UK) without an 
updated key information document required by Regulation (EU) No 1286/2014 as it forms part of 
domestic law by virtue of the European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018 (EUWA) (as amended, the UK 
PRIIPs Regulation) for offering or selling the Notes or otherwise making them available to retail 
investors in the EEA. For these purposes, a retail investor means a person who is one (or more) of: (i) a 
retail client, as defined in point (8) of Article 2 of Regulation (EU) No 2017/565 as it forms part of 
domestic law by virtue of the European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018 (EUWA); (ii) a customer within 
the meaning of the provisions of the FSMA and any rules or regulations made under the FSMA to 
implement Directive (EU) 2016/97, where that customer would not qualify as a professional client, as 
defined in point (8) of Article 2(1) of Regulation (EU) No 600/2014 as it forms part of domestic law by 
virtue of the EUWA; or (iii) not a qualified investor as defined in Article 2 of Regulation (EU) 
2017/1129 as it forms part of domestic law by virtue of the EUWA (the UK Prospectus Regulation).] 
(Include this legend alternative if Notes are a "packaged product" for the purpose of the UK PRIIPS 
Regulation and a key information document will be made available)

--- Page 42 ---
42 
Final Terms dated [●] 
[Logo, if document is printed] 
Edmond de Rothschild (France) 
€850,000,000 
Euro Medium Term Note Programme 
for the issue of Notes  
Due from one year from the date of original issue 
ISSUE OF [●] 
SERIES NO: [●] 
TRANCHE NO: [●] 
Issued by: Edmond de Rothschild (France) (the Issuer) 
PART A – CONTRACTUAL TERMS 
This document constitutes the Final Terms of the Notes described herein for the purposes of Regulation 
2017/1129, as amended (the Prospectus Regulation) and must be read in conjunction with the Base 
Prospectus dated 12 July 2023 [and the supplement to the Base Prospectus dated [●]] which [together] 
constitute[s] a prospectus for the purposes of the Prospectus Regulation. Full information on the Issuer 
and the offer of the Notes is only available on the basis of the combination of these Final Terms and the 
Base Prospectus. (Only required for Notes with a denomination of less than €100,000 (or its equivalent 
in any other currency)) [A summary of the individual issue of Notes is annexed to these Final Terms]. 
The Base Prospectus [and the supplement[s] to the Base Prospectus] [is] [are] available for viewing on 
the website of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange (www.luxse.com) and on the website of the Issuer 
(https://www.edmond-de-rothschild.com/en/Pages/Information-reglementees.aspx#navlist5). 
[In 
addition1, the Base Prospectus [and the supplement to the Base Prospectus] [is] [are] available for 
viewing [at]/[on] [●].] 
(The following alternative language applies if the first tranche of an issue which is being increased was 
issued under a base prospectus with an earlier date.) 
[This document constitutes the Final Terms of the Notes described herein for the purposes of Regulation 
2017/1129, as amended (the Prospectus Regulation) and must be read in conjunction with the Base 
Prospectus dated 12 July 2023 [and the supplement[s] to the Base Prospectus dated [●] which [together] 
constitute[s] a prospectus for the purposes of the Prospectus Regulation. Full information on the Issuer 
and the offer of the Notes is only available on the basis of the combination of these Final Terms and the 
Base Prospectus. (Only required for Notes with a denomination of less than €100,000 (or its equivalent 
in any other currency)) [A summary of the individual issue of Notes is annexed to these Final Terms]. 
The Base Prospectus [and the supplement[s] to the Base Prospectus] [is] [are] available for viewing on 
the website of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange (www.luxse.com) and of the website of the Issuer 
(https://www.edmond-de-rothschild.com/en/Pages/Information-reglementees.aspx#navlist5). 
[In 
addition2, the Base Prospectus [and the supplement[s] to the Base Prospectus] [is]/[are] available for 
viewing [at]/[on] [●].] 
[Terms used herein shall be deemed to be defined as such for the purposes of the Conditions set forth 
in the Base Prospectus dated [9 July 2021][11 July 2022] (the Terms and Conditions) which are 
 
1  
If the Notes are admitted to trading on a regulated market other than the Bourse de Luxembourg. 
2  
If the Notes are admitted to trading on a regulated market other than the Bourse de Luxembourg.

--- Page 43 ---
43 
incorporated by reference in the Base Prospectus dated 12 July 2023 [and the supplement[s] to the Base 
Prospectus dated [●]].] 
(Include whichever of the following apply or specify as "Not Applicable". Note that the numbering 
should remain as set out below, even if "Not Applicable" is indicated for individual paragraphs or sub-
paragraphs. Italics denote guidance for completing the Final Terms.) 
1. 
(i) 
Series Number: 
[●] 
 
(ii) 
Tranche Number: 
[Not Applicable]/[●] 
 
 
(If fungible with an existing tranche(s) of the same 
Series, insert the following:) [The Notes will be 
consolidated and form a single series with the 
[(insert series number, tranche number, specified 
currency, aggregate nominal amount, type of Notes 
and maturity date of each existing tranche(s))] Notes 
issued on [(insert issue date of existing tranche(s))] 
(the Original Notes) not less than 40 days after the 
Issue Date on certification of non-US beneficial 
ownership which is expected to be on or after [(insert 
date 40 calendar days after the Issue Date)] 
(the Exchange Date)] 
2. 
(i) 
Specified Currency(ies): 
[●] 
 
(ii) 
Business 
Centre(s) 
(Conditions 4(b)(i) and 5(c)): 
[Not Applicable]/[●] 
3. 
Aggregate Nominal Amount:  
 
 
(i) 
Series: 
[●] 
 
(ii) 
Tranche: 
[Not Applicable]/[●] 
4. 
(i) 
Issue Price: 
[[●] per cent. of the Aggregate Nominal Amount] 
[plus accrued interest from [insert date] (in the case 
of fungible issues only, if applicable)] / [●] (insert 
amount) 
 
(ii) 
Net Proceeds: 
[Not Applicable]/[●] (Required only for listed 
issues) 
5. 
(i) 
Specified Denomination(s): 
[●] 
 
 
(N.B. If an issue of Notes is (i) not admitted to 
trading on a European Economic Area Exchange; 
and (ii) only offered in the European Economic Area 
in circumstances where a prospectus is not required 
to be published under the Prospectus Regulation the 
€1,000 minimum denomination is not required.) 
 
(ii) 
Calculation Amount: 
[●] 
 
 
(If only one Specified Denomination, insert the 
Specified Denomination. 
 
 
If more than one Specified Denomination, insert the 
highest common factor. Note: There must be a

--- Page 44 ---
44 
common factor in the case of two or more Specified 
Denominations.) 
6. 
(i) 
Issue Date: 
[●] 
 
(ii) 
Trade Date: 
[●] 
 
(iii) 
Maturity Date: 
[specify date]/(for Floating Rate Notes only) 
[Interest Payment Date falling in or nearest to [insert 
the relevant month and year]] 
7. 
Type of Notes 
(i) 
[Fixed 
Rate]/[Floating 
Rate]/[Zero 
Coupon]/[Rate 
Linked]/[Index 
Linked]/[Inflation 
Linked][Share 
Linked]/[Fund 
Linked][Commodity 
Linked][ETF Linked] [Multi-Asset Basket 
Linked] Notes 
 
 
(ii) 
[The Notes relate to [the Benchmark 
Rate][the Index]/[the Basket of Indices]/[the 
Share]/[the Basket of Shares]/[the Basket of 
Funds]/[the Commodity]/[the Commodity 
Index]/the Basket of Commodities]/[the 
Basket 
of 
Commodity 
Indices]/[the 
ETF]/[the Basket of ETFs]/[the Multi-Asset 
Basket]/[The Notes do not relate to any 
underlying.] 
8. 
Redemption/Payment Basis: 
Subject to any purchase and cancellation or early 
redemption, 
each 
[Fixed]/[Floating]/[Rate]/[Index]/[Inflation]/[Share]
/[Fund]/[Commodity]/[ETF]/[Multi-Asset Basket] 
Linked Note will be redeemed on [the Maturity 
Date]/[specify date(s)] at [[100 per cent. of its 
nominal 
amount]/[its 
Final 
Redemption 
Amount]/[Partial Redemption Amount]. See Section 
entitled 
"PROVISIONS 
RELATING 
TO 
REDEMPTION" and item 24 below entitled 
"Redemption Amount of each Note". 
9. 
Put/Call Options: 
[Investor Put]/[Not Applicable] 
 
 
[Issuer Call]/[Not Applicable] 
10. 
Dates of the corporate authorisations for 
issuance of the Notes: 
[decision of the Conseil de surveillance of the Issuer 
dated [●] [and [●] of [specify function] of the Issuer 
dated [●]]]/[decision of [●] [specify function] of the 
Issuer dated [●]]/[Not Applicable] 
11. 
Method of distribution: 
[Syndicated]/[Non-syndicated] 
PROVISIONS RELATING TO INTEREST (IF ANY) PAYABLE 
12. 
Fixed Rate Note Provisions 
[Applicable]/[Not Applicable] 
 
 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-
paragraphs of this paragraph) 
 
(i) 
Interest Commencement Date 
[●]

--- Page 45 ---
45 
 
(ii) 
Rate(s) of Interest: 
[●] per cent. per annum / payable in arrears on each 
Interest Payment Date 
 
(iii) 
Interest Payment Date(s): 
[●] [in each year] [in each case adjusted in 
accordance with [specify business day convention]. 
 
(iv) 
Interest Period End Date(s): 
[[●] [in each year]][Each Interest Payment Date][in 
each case adjusted in accordance with [specify 
business day convention]]. 
 
(v) 
Fixed Coupon Amount(s): 
[●] 
per 
[Note 
of 
[●] 
Specified 
Denomination]/[Calculation Amount] 
 
 
(N.B. Calculation Amount is applicable to Definitive 
Notes only.) 
 
(vi) 
Broken Amount(s): 
[Not Applicable]/[[●] per [Note of [●] Specified 
Denomination]/[Calculation Amount], payable on 
the Interest Payment Date falling [in/on] [●]] (Insert 
particulars of any initial or final broken interest 
amounts which do not correspond with the Fixed 
Coupon Amount(s)) (N.B. Calculation Amount is 
applicable to Definitive Notes only.) 
 
(vii) 
Day Count Fraction: 
[30/360]/[Actual/Actual 
(ICMA)]/[Actual/Actual 
(ISDA)] 
 
(viii) 
Determination Dates: 
[Not Applicable]/[●] in each year (insert regular 
interest payment dates, ignoring issue date or 
maturity date in the case of a long or short first or 
last coupon) (N.B. only relevant where Day Count 
Fraction is Actual/Actual (ICMA)) 
13. 
Floating Rate Note Provisions 
[Applicable]/[Not Applicable] 
 
 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-
paragraphs of this paragraph) 
 
(i) 
Interest Commencement Date 
[●] 
 
(ii) 
Interest Determination Date  
[●] [TARGET 2] Business Days in [specify city] for 
[specify currency] prior to [the first day in each 
Interest Period]/[each Interest Payment Date] 
 
(iii) 
Benchmark: 
[EURIBOR]/[SONIA]/[SOFR]/[€STR]/[SONIA]/[S
ARON]/[specify other benchmark] 
 
(iv) 
Representative Amount: 
[●] 
 
(v) 
Specified Period(s) 
[●][Not Applicable] 
 
(vi) 
Interest Period End Date(s): 
[●][Not Applicable] 
 
(vii) 
Specified 
Interest 
Payment 
Dates: 
[●] 
 
(viii) 
Business Day Convention: 
[Floating Rate Convention]/[Following Business 
Day Convention]/[Modified Following Business 
Day 
Convention]/[Preceding 
Business 
Day 
Convention]

--- Page 46 ---
46 
 
(ix) 
Calculation Agent responsible 
for calculating the Rate(s) of 
Interest 
and 
Interest 
Amount(s) (if not the Agent): 
[Not Applicable]/[specify name and address of the 
relevant entity]/[The Issuer] 
 
(x) 
Manner in which the Rate(s) of 
Interest is/are to be determined: 
[ISDA Determination]/[Screen Rate Determination 
− IBOR] /[Screen Rate Determination − SONIA] 
/[Screen Rate Determination − SOFR] /[Screen Rate 
Determination 
− 
€STR] 
/[Screen 
Rate 
Determination − SARON] 
 
(xi) 
ISDA 
Determination 
(Condition 4(b)(ii)(A)): 
[2000 
ISDA 
Definitions]/[2006 
ISDA 
Definitions]/[2021 ISDA Definitions] (delete as 
applicable)/[Not Applicable] 
 
 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-
paragraphs of this paragraph) 
 
 
Floating Rate Option: 
[●] 
 
 
Designated Maturity: 
[●] 
 
 
Reset Date: 
[●] 
Compounding: 
[Applicable][Not Applicable] 
(Only applicable where the Floating Rate Option is an 
overnight rate) 
 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-paragraphs of 
this paragraph) 
OIS Compounding: 
[Applicable][Not 
Applicable] 
Compounding with Lookback: 
[Applicable][Not 
Applicable] 
 
Lookback: [●] 
(If no number is 
specified, 
and 
there is no default 
applicable to the 
Floating 
Rate 
Option, 
the 
default value will 
be five (5)) 
Compounding with Observation 
Period Shift: 
[Applicable][Not 
Applicable] 
 
Observation Period Shift: [●] 
(If no number is specified, and there is no default 
applicable to the Floating Rate Option, the default 
value will be five (5))

--- Page 47 ---
47 
 
[Observation 
Period 
Shift 
Additional 
Business 
Day: 
[●]] 
 
Set in Advance: 
[Applicable][Not 
Applicable] 
Compounding 
with 
Lockout: 
[Applicable][Not Applicable] 
 
Lockout: [●] 
(If no number is specified, and there is no default 
applicable to the Floating Rate Option, the default 
value will be five (5)) 
 
[Lockout Period Business Day: [●]] 
Averaging: 
[Applicable][Not 
Applicable] 
(Only applicable 
where 
the 
Floating 
Rate 
Option 
is 
an 
overnight rate) 
 
(If not applicable, 
delete 
the 
remaining 
sub-
paragraphs 
of 
this paragraph) 
Overnight Averaging: 
[Applicable][Not 
Applicable] 
Averaging with Lookback: 
[Applicable][Not 
Applicable] 
 
Lookback: [●] 
(If no number is 
specified, 
and 
there is no default 
applicable to the 
Floating 
Rate 
Option, 
the 
default value will 
be five (5)) 
Averaging 
with 
Observation Period Shift: 
[Applicable][Not Applicable]

--- Page 48 ---
48 
 
Observation 
Period Shift: [●] 
(If no number is 
specified, 
and 
there is no default 
applicable to the 
Floating 
Rate 
Option, 
the 
default value will 
be five (5)) 
 
[Observation 
Period 
Shift 
Additional 
Business 
Day: 
[●]] 
 
Set in Advance: 
[Applicable][Not 
Applicable] 
Averaging with Lockout: 
[Applicable][Not 
Applicable] 
 
Lockout: [●] 
(If no number is 
specified, 
and 
there is no default 
applicable to the 
Floating 
Rate 
Option, 
the 
default value will 
be five (5)) 
 
[Lockout Period Business Day: [●]] 
Daily Capped Rate: 
[●] [Not Applicable] 
(Only applicable where the Floating Rate Option is an 
overnight rate and Compounding or Averaging is 
applicable) 
Daily Floored Rate: 
[●] [Not Applicable] 
(Only applicable where the Floating Rate Option is an 
overnight rate and Compounding or Averaging is 
applicable) 
Delayed Payment: 
[Applicable][Not Applicable] 
 
Number of days: [●] 
(If no number is specified, the default value will be five 
(5))

--- Page 49 ---
49 
Compounded Date: 
[●] 
Rate Cut-off Date: 
[●] 
Compounding: 
[Straight 
Compounding][Flat 
Compounding][Spread 
Exclusive Compounding] is applicable. 
Weighted Average: 
[Applicable][Not Applicable] 
Unweighted Average: 
[Applicable][Not Applicable] 
Floating Negative Interest Rate 
Method: 
[Applicable][[Straight][Flat][Spread] 
Exclusive 
Compounding is applicable.][Not Applicable] 
Zero Interest Rate Method: 
[Applicable][[Straight][Flat][Spread] 
Exclusive 
Compounding is applicable.][Not Applicable] 
Zero 
Interest 
Rate 
Method 
Excluding Spread: 
[Applicable][[Straight][Flat][Spread] 
Exclusive 
Compounding is applicable.][Not Applicable] 
Successor Benchmark: 
[●][Not Applicable] 
Successor Benchmark Effective 
Date: 
[●][Not Applicable] 
Linear Interpolation: 
[Applicable][Not Applicable] 
Day Count Basis: 
[●][Not specified] 
 
 
 
(xii) 
Screen Rate Determination − 
IBOR (Condition 4(b)(ii)(B)): 
[Applicable]/[Not Applicable] 
 
 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-paragraphs of 
this paragraph) 
 
 
Relevant Time: 
[●] 
 
 
Primary Source for Floating 
Rate: 
[Specify relevant screen page]/[Reference Banks] 
 
 
Reference Banks:  
[Specify four] 
(if 
Primary 
Source 
is 
"Reference 
Banks")/[Not Applicable] 
 
 
Relevant Financial Centre: 
[Specify the financial centre most closely connected to the 
Benchmark] 
 
 
Effective Date: 
[Not Applicable]/[Specify if quotations are not to be 
obtained with effect from commencement of Interest 
Period] 
 
 
Specified Duration: 
[Not Applicable]/[Specify period for quotation if not 
duration of Interest Period] 
 
(xiii) 
Screen Rate Determination − 
SONIA 
(Condition 
4(b)(ii)(C)): 
[Applicable]/[Not Applicable]

--- Page 50 ---
50 
 
 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-paragraphs of 
this paragraph) 
 
 
Calculation Method: 
[Compounded Daily]/[Weighted Average] 
 
 
Rate of Interest: 
[Compounded]/[Weighted Average] SONIA 
 
 
Observation Method: 
[Lag]/[Lock-out]/[Shift]/[SONIA Index with Observation 
Shift] 
 
(xiv) 
Screen Rate Determination − 
SOFR (Condition 4(b)(ii)(D)): 
[Applicable]/[Not Applicable] 
 
 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-paragraphs of 
this paragraph) 
 
 
Calculation Method: 
[SOFR Arithmetic Mean]/[SOFR Compound] 
[[SOFR Compound with Lookback]/[SOFR Compound 
with Observation Period Shift]/ [SOFR Index with 
Observation Shift] applies.] 
 
 
SOFR Cut-off Date: 
[Applicable: [●] US Government Securities Business 
Day[s]/[As per the Conditions]]/[Not Applicable] 
 
 
Observation Shift Days: 
[[●] US Government Securities Business Day[s]]/[As per 
the Conditions]/[Not Applicable] 
 
SOFR 
Replacement 
Alternatives Priority: 
[As per the Conditions]/[●] 
 
(xv) 
Screen Rate Determination − 
€STR (Condition 4(b)(ii)(E)): 
[Applicable]/[Not Applicable] 
 
 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-paragraphs of 
this paragraph) 
 
 
Observation Method: 
[Lag]/[Shift] 
 
 
Rate Cut-off Time: 
[●] 
 
(xv) 
Screen Rate Determination − 
SARON 
(Condition 
4(b)(ii)(F)): 
[Applicable]/[Not Applicable] 
 
 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-paragraphs of 
this paragraph) 
 
(xvi) 
Lookback Period: 
[[●] [London Business Days]/[U.S. Government Securities 
Business 
Days]/[TARGET2 
Business 
Days]/[Zurich 
Banking Days]]/[As per the Conditions]/[Not applicable]] 
 
(xvii) Margin(s): 
[+/][●] per cent. per annum 
 
(xviii) Minimum Rate of Interest: 
[[●] per cent. per annum]/[Not Applicable] 
 
(xix) 
Maximum Rate of Interest: 
[[●] per cent. per annum]/[Not Applicable]

--- Page 51 ---
51 
 
(xx) 
Day Count Fraction: 
[Actual/365]/[Actual/Actual 
(ISDA)]/[Actual/365 
(Fixed)]/[Actual/360]/ [30/360]/[360/360]/[Bond Basis]/ 
[30E/360]/[Eurobond 
Basis]/[Actual/Actual 
ICMA]/[30E/360 (ISDA)]/[Not Applicable] 
 
 
(xxi) 
FRN Additional Disruption 
Events: 
FRN Change in Law: [Applicable]/[Not Applicable] 
FRN Hedging Disruption: [Applicable]/[Not Applicable] 
FRN Increased Cost of Hedging: [Applicable]/[Not 
Applicable] 
(xxii) Impacted Index: 
[●] (Specify an index, benchmark or price source)  
(xxiii) Alternative 
Pre-Nominated 
Index: 
[●] (Specify one or more indices, benchmarks or other 
price sources)  
(xxxiv) Specified 
Public 
Source: 
[●][As per the definition in the Note Conditions] 
14. 
Zero Coupon Note Provisions 
[Applicable]/[Not Applicable] 
 
(i) 
Accrued Yield 
[●] per cent. per annum 
 
(ii) 
Day Count Fraction  
[30/360]/[Actual/Actual (ICMA)]/[Actual/Actual 
(ISDA)] 
 
(iii) 
Reference Price: 
[●] 
15. 
Rate Linked Note Conditions 
[Applicable]/[Not Applicable] 
 
 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-
paragraphs of this paragraph) 
 
(i) 
Business Day Convention: 
[Benchmark 
Rate 
Convention]/[Following 
Business Day Convention]/[Modified Following 
Business Day Convention]/[Preceding Business 
Day Convention] 
 
(ii) 
Manner 
in 
which 
the 
Benchmark Rate Level(s) is/are 
to be determined: 
[Screen 
Rate 
Determination]/[ISDA 
Determination] 
 
(iii) 
Calculation Agent responsible 
for calculating the Benchmark 
Rate Level (if not the Agent): 
[Not Applicable]/[specify name and address of the 
relevant entity]/[The Issuer] 
 
(iv) 
Screen Rate Determination: 
[Applicable]/[Not Applicable] 
 
 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-
paragraphs of this paragraph) 
 
 
Relevant Time: 
[●] 
 
 
Primary Source for Benchmark 
Rate Level: 
[Specify relevant screen page]/[Reference Banks] 
 
 
Reference Banks:  
[Specify four] (if Primary Source is "Reference 
Banks")/[Not Applicable]

--- Page 52 ---
52 
 
 
Relevant Financial Centre: 
[Specify the financial centre most closely 
connected to the Benchmark] 
 
 
Benchmark Rate: 
[EURIBOR]/[SONIA]/[SOFR]/[€STER]/[specify 
other benchmark] 
 
 
Representative Amount: 
[●] 
 
 
Effective Date: 
[Not Applicable]/[Specify if quotations are not to 
be obtained with effect from commencement of 
Interest Period] 
 
 
Specified Duration: 
[Not Applicable]/[Specify period for quotation if 
not duration of Interest Period] 
 
(v) 
ISDA Determination: 
[2000 
ISDA 
Definitions][2006 
ISDA 
Definitions][2021 ISDA Definitions] (delete as 
applicable)/[Not Applicable] 
 
 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-
paragraphs of this paragraph) 
 
 
Floating Rate Option: 
[●] 
 
 
Designated Maturity: 
[●] 
 
 
Reset Date: 
[●] 
Compounding: 
[Applicable][Not Applicable] 
(Only applicable where the Floating Rate Option is 
an overnight rate) 
 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-
paragraphs of this paragraph) 
OIS Compounding: 
Compounding with Lookback: 
 
Compounding with Observation 
Period Shift: 
 
Observation Period Shift: [●] 
(If no number is specified, and there is no default 
applicable to the Floating Rate Option, the default 
value will be five (5)) 
 
 
Compounding with Lockout: 
[Applicable][Not Applicable] 
 
Lockout: [●]

--- Page 53 ---
53 
(If no number is specified, and there is no default 
applicable to the Floating Rate Option, the default 
value will be five (5)) 
 
[Lockout Period Business Day: [●]] 
Averaging: 
Overnight Averaging: 
Averaging with Lookback: 
Averaging with Observation 
Period Shift: 
[Applicable][Not Applicable] 
Averaging with Lockout: 
[Applicable][Not Applicable] 
[Lockout Period Business Day: [●]] 
Daily Capped Rate: 
[●] [Not Applicable] 
(Only applicable where the Floating Rate Option is an 
overnight rate and Compounding or Averaging is 
applicable) 
Daily Floored Rate: 
[●] [Not Applicable] 
(Only applicable where the Floating Rate Option is an 
overnight rate and Compounding or Averaging is 
applicable) 
Delayed Payment: 
[Applicable][Not Applicable] 
 
Number of days: [●] 
(If no number is specified, the default value will be five 
(5)) 
Compounded Date: 
[●] 
Rate Cut-off Date: 
[●] 
Compounding: 
[Straight Compounding][Flat Compounding][Spread 
Exclusive Compounding] is applicable. 
Weighted Average: 
[Applicable][Not Applicable] 
Unweighted Average: 
[Applicable][Not Applicable] 
Floating 
Negative 
Interest 
Rate 
Method: 
[Applicable][[Straight][Flat][Spread] 
Exclusive 
Compounding is applicable.][Not Applicable] 
Zero Interest Rate Method: 
[Applicable][[Straight][Flat][Spread] 
Exclusive 
Compounding is applicable.][Not Applicable] 
Zero Interest Rate Method Excluding 
Spread: 
[Applicable][[Straight][Flat][Spread] 
Exclusive 
Compounding is applicable.][Not Applicable]

--- Page 54 ---
54 
Successor Benchmark: 
[●][Not Applicable] 
Successor Benchmark Effective Date: 
[●][Not Applicable] 
Linear Interpolation: 
[Applicable][Not Applicable] 
Day Count Basis: 
[●][Not specified] 
 
 
 
(vi) 
Day Count Fraction: 
[Actual/365]/[Actual/Actual 
(ISDA)]/[Actual/365 
(Fixed)]/[Actual/360]/ [30/360]/[360/360]/[Bond Basis]/ 
[30E/360]/[Eurobond 
Basis]/[Actual/Actual 
ICMA]/[30E/360 (ISDA)]/[Not Applicable] 
 
 
(vii) 
Additional Disruption Events: 
Change in Law: [Applicable]/[Not Applicable] 
Hedging Disruption: [Applicable]/[Not Applicable] 
Increased 
Cost 
of 
Hedging: 
[Applicable]/[Not 
Applicable] 
 
(viii) 
Multi-Asset Basket: 
Multi-Asset Basket is [Applicable]/[Not Applicable] 
(If not applicable, delete the rest of the sub paragraph) 
The 
Benchmark 
Rate 
is 
[UnderlyingA][UnderlyingB][Underlying[(Specify "i")]] for the 
purpose of section "Payoff". 
[(Please also refer to section[s] ["Commodity Linked 
Note Conditions"] [and] ["Inflation Linked Note 
Conditions"] [and] ["Index Linked Note Conditions"] 
[and] ["ETF Linked Note Conditions"] [and] ["Share 
Linked Note Conditions"] [and] ["Fund Linked Note 
Conditions"] for details of other Multi-Asset Basket 
Components).] 
 
16. 
Index Linked Note Conditions 
[Applicable]/[Not Applicable] 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-paragraphs of 
this paragraph) 
 
(i) 
Single Index:  
[Applicable]/[Not Applicable] 
(If not applicable, delete the rest of the sub paragraph) 
 
- 
Index: 
[●]

--- Page 55 ---
55 
 
- 
Initial Underlying 
Value: 
[●]/[The Settlement Price on the Initial Observation Date]/[The 
lowest of the Settlement Prices for the Strike Determination 
Dates]/[The Initial Average Price]/[Not Applicable] 
 
- 
Final Underlying 
Value: 
[●]/[The Settlement Price on the Final Observation 
Date]/[Not Applicable] 
 
- 
Exchange(s): 
[●]  
 
- 
Related 
Exchange: 
[●]/[All Exchanges][Not Applicable] 
 
- 
Multiple 
Exchange: 
[Applicable]/[Not Applicable] 
 
- 
Consequences of 
an 
Index 
Adjustment 
Event: 
[Calculation 
Agent 
Adjustment]/[Negotiated 
Close-
Out]/[Cancellation and Payment] 
 
- 
Futures 
Price 
Valuation: 
[Applicable]/[Not Applicable] 
 
- 
Exchange-traded 
Contract: 
[●]/[Not Applicable] 
 
(ii) 
Basket 
of 
Indices/Multi Asset Basket 
Basket of Indices is [Applicable]/[Not Applicable] 
(If not applicable, delete the rest of the sub paragraph) 
 
 
Scheduled Trading Day: [Scheduled Trading Day (All 
Indices Basis)][Scheduled Trading Day (Per Index Basis)] 
 
 
Exchange Business Day: [Exchange Business Day (All 
Indices Basis)][Exchange Business Day (Per Index Basis)] 
 
 
Multi-Asset Basket is [Applicable]/[Not Applicable] 
(If not applicable, delete the rest of the sub paragraph) 
[(Please also refer to section[s] ["Commodity Linked Note 
Conditions"] [and] ["Inflation Linked Note Conditions"]

--- Page 56 ---
56 
[and] ["Rate Linked Note Conditions"] [and] ["ETF Linked 
Note Conditions"] [and] ["Share Linked Note Conditions"] 
[and] ["Fund Linked Note Conditions"] for details of other 
Multi-Asset Basket Components).] 
(If neither Basket of Indices nor Multi-Asset Basket is 
applicable, delete the table below) 
 
[Underlyin
gA][Underl
yingB][Un
derlying(Spe
cify"i")] 
for 
the 
purpose of 
the section 
"Payoff" 
Initial 
Underlying 
Value 
Final 
Underlying 
Value 
Excha
nge 
Related 
Exchang
e 
Multiple 
Exchange 
Consequences of an 
Index 
Adjustment 
Event 
Futures 
Price 
Valuation 
Exchange-
traded 
Contract 
[●] 
[●]/[The 
Settlement 
Price on the 
Initial 
Observation 
Date]/[The 
lowest of the 
Settlement 
Prices for the 
Strike 
Determinatio
n Dates]/[The 
Initial 
Average 
Price]/[Not 
Applicable] 
[●]/[The 
Settlement 
Price on the 
Final 
Observation 
Date]/[Not 
Applicable] 
[●] 
[●]/[All 
Exchang
es][Not 
Applicab
le] 
[Applicable]/[N
ot Applicable] 
[Calculation 
Agent 
Adjustment]/[Negotiat
ed 
Close-
Out]/[Cancellation and 
Payment] 
[Applicable]/[N
ot Applicable] 
[●]/[Not 
Applicabl
e] 
(Add rows 
as 
required) 
(Add rows as 
required) 
(Add rows as 
required) 
(Add 
rows 
as 
requir
ed) 
(Add 
rows as 
required
) 
(Add rows as 
required) 
(Add rows as required) 
(Add rows as 
required) 
(Add rows 
as 
required) 
 
(iii) 
Calculation Agent responsible 
for calculating any amount due 
under the Notes: 
[●] (NB. Specify name and address)/[The Issuer] 
(iv) 
Initial Averaging Dates and 
consequences 
of 
Disrupted 
Days: 
[Not Applicable] 
[Omission: [Applicable]/[Not Applicable] 
Postponement: [Applicable]/[Not Applicable] 
Modified 
Postponement: 
[Applicable]/[Not 
Applicable]] 
(v) 
Additional Disruption Events: 
Change in Law: [Applicable]/[Not Applicable] 
Hedging 
Disruption: 
[Applicable]/[Not 
Applicable] 
Increased Cost of Hedging: [Applicable]/[Not 
Applicable] 
Increased 
Cost 
of 
Stock 
Borrow: 
[Applicable]/[Not Applicable] 
Loss 
of 
Stock 
Borrow: 
[Applicable]/[Not 
Applicable]

--- Page 57 ---
57 
The Maximum Stock Loan Rate [in respect of 
[specify in relation to each relevant Component] is 
[●].] (only if Loss of Stock Borrow applies)/[is not 
applicable]. 
The Initial Stock Loan Rate [in respect of [specify 
each relevant Component] is [●] (only if Increased 
Cost of Stock Borrow applies)]/[is not applicable.] 
17. 
Inflation Linked Note Conditions 
[Applicable]/[Not Applicable] 
 
 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-
paragraphs of this paragraph) 
 
(i) 
Inflation Index: 
[●] 
 
(ii) 
Calculation Agent responsible 
for calculating any amount 
due under the Notes: 
[●] (NB. Specify name and address)/[The Issuer] 
 
(iii) 
Initial Underlying Value: 
[●] [The level of the Inflation Index published or 
announced by the Inflation Index Sponsor for the 
Initial Reference Month]/[Not Applicable] 
 
(iv) 
Final Underlying Value: 
[●]/[The level of the Inflation Index published or 
announced by the Inflation Index Sponsor for the 
Final Reference Month]/[Not Applicable] 
 
(v) 
Initial Reference Month: 
[Not Applicable]/[●] 
 
(vi) 
Final Reference Month: 
[Not Applicable]/[●] 
 
(vii) 
Reference Month(s): 
[●] 
 
(viii) 
Related Bond: 
[●]/[Fallback Bond]/[None]  
 
(ix) 
Fallback Bond: 
[Applicable]/[Not Applicable] 
 
(x) 
Additional Disruption Events: Change in Law: [Applicable]/[Not Applicable] 
Hedging 
Disruption: 
[Applicable]/[Not 
Applicable] 
Increased Cost of Hedging: [Applicable]/[Not 
Applicable] 
 
(xi) 
Multi-Asset Basket: 
Multi-Asset 
Basket 
is 
[Applicable]/[Not 
Applicable] 
(If not applicable, delete the rest of the sub 
paragraph) 
The 
Inflation 
Index 
is 
[UnderlyingA][UnderlyingB][Underlying[(Specify "i")]] 
for the purpose of section "Payoff". 
[(Please also refer to section[s] ["Commodity 
Linked Note Conditions"] [and] ["Index Linked 
Note Conditions"] [and] ["Rate Linked Note 
Conditions"] 
[and] 
["ETF 
Linked 
Note 
Conditions"] 
[and] 
["Share 
Linked 
Note 
Conditions"] 
[and] 
["Fund 
Linked 
Note

--- Page 58 ---
58 
Conditions"] for details of other Multi-Asset 
Basket Components).] 
 
18. 
Share Linked Note Conditions 
[Applicable]/[Not Applicable] 
 
 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-
paragraphs of this paragraph) 
(i) 
Single Share:  
[Applicable]/[Not Applicable] 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-
paragraphs of this paragraph) 
- 
Share: 
issuer: [●]; identification number: [●] 
- 
[Number of Shares: 
[[●] per Specified Denomination][Calculation 
Agent Determination – Specified Denomination] 
[Calculation 
Agent 
Determination 
– 
Final 
Redemption Amount/ Instalment Amount] [● 
(Insert other determination method if applicable)] 
[Not Applicable] (Only applicable if “Physical 
Settlement” or “Cash or Physical Settlement” 
applies), otherwise delete row)] 
- 
Initial Underlying Value:  
[●]/[The Settlement Price on the Initial Observation 
Date]/[The lowest of the Settlement Prices for the 
Strike Determination Dates]/[The Initial Average 
Price]/[Not Applicable] 
- 
Final Underlying Value: 
[●]/[The Settlement Price on the Final Observation 
Date]/[Not Applicable] 
- Exchange(s) 
[●] 
(ii) 
Basket of Shares/Multi-Asset 
Basket: 
Basket of Shares is [Applicable]/[Not Applicable] 
(If not applicable, delete the rest of this sub-
paragraph) 
 
Scheduled Business Day: [Scheduled Business 
Day (All Share Basis)][Scheduled Business Day 
(Per Share Basis)] 
 
Exchange Business Day: [Exchange Business Day 
(All Share Basis)][Exchange Business Day (Per 
Share Basis)] 
Multi-Asset 
Basket 
is 
[Applicable]/[Not 
Applicable] 
(If not applicable, delete the rest of the sub 
paragraph) 
[(Please also refer to section[s] ["Commodity 
Linked Note Conditions"] [and] ["Inflation Linked 
Note Conditions"] [and] ["Rate Linked Note 
Conditions"] 
[and] 
["ETF 
Linked 
Note 
Conditions"] 
[and] 
["Index 
Linked 
Note 
Conditions"] 
[and] 
["Fund 
Linked 
Note

--- Page 59 ---
59 
Conditions"] for details of other Multi-Asset 
Basket Components).] 
(If neither Basket of Shares nor Multi-Asset Basket 
is applicable, delete the table below) 
[UnderlyingA][UnderlyingB][Underlying(Specify"i")] 
for the purpose of the section "Payoff" 
[Number 
of 
Shares: 
Initial Underlying 
Value 
Final 
Underlying 
Value 
Exchange 
Weighting 
issuer: [●]; identification number: [●] 
[[●] 
per 
Specified 
Denomination] 
[Calculation 
Agent 
Determination – 
Specified 
Denomination] 
[Calculation 
Agent 
Determination – 
Final 
Redemption 
Amount 
/ 
Instalment 
Amount] 
[● 
(Insert 
other 
determination 
method 
if 
applicable)] [Not 
Applicable] 
(Only applicable 
if 
“Physical 
Settlement” 
or 
“Cash 
or 
Physical 
Settlement” 
applies, 
otherwise delete 
column)] 
[●]/[The 
Settlement Price 
on 
the 
Initial 
Observation 
Date]/[the lowest 
of the Settlement 
Prices 
for 
the 
Strike 
Determination 
Dates]/[The 
Initial 
Average 
Price]/[Not 
Applicable] 
[●]/[The 
Settlement Price 
on 
the 
Final 
Observation 
Date]/[Not 
Applicable] 
[●] 
[[●] 
per 
cent.] [Not 
Applicable] 
(Add rows as required) 
(Add 
rows 
as 
required) 
(Add 
rows 
as 
required) 
(Add rows as 
required) 
(Add rows 
as 
required) 
(Add 
rows 
as required) 
 
(iii) 
Calculation Agent responsible 
for calculating any amount due 
under the Notes: 
[●] (NB. Specify name and address)/[The Issuer] 
(iv) 
Initial Averaging Dates and 
consequences 
of 
Disrupted 
Days: 
[Not Applicable] 
[Omission: [Applicable]/[Not Applicable] 
Postponement: [Applicable]/[Not Applicable] 
Modified 
Postponement: 
[Applicable]/[Not 
Applicable]] 
(v) 
Additional Disruption Events: 
Change in Law: [Applicable]/[Not Applicable] 
Hedging 
Disruption: 
[Applicable]/[Not 
Applicable] 
Increased Cost of Hedging: [Applicable]/[Not 
Applicable] 
Insolvency Filings: [Applicable]/[Not Applicable] 
(vi) 
Physical Settlement: 
[Applicable]

--- Page 60 ---
60 
[Cash or Physical Settlement is Applicable for the 
purposes of [●] (Insert name of Payoff) where 
Physical Settlement will apply if [●] (Insert 
relevant elements which apply for determining 
whether cash or physical settlement applies).] 
[Not Applicable]  
(If not applicable, delete paragraph and the 
subparagraphs to this paragraph)] 
− 
Physical Settlement Share Price: 
[●] [Not Applicable] (Only specify if Number of 
Shares determined by reference to Calculation 
Agent Determination) 
− 
Observation Date for the purposes of 
determining the Number of Shares: 
[●] (Specify any business day convention 
applicable to the Observation Date(s)) (Only 
specify if Number of Shares determined by 
reference to Calculation Agent Determination) 
− 
Partial Cash Settlement Date 
[As determined in accordance with the Share 
Linked Conditions][Date falling [●] Exchange 
Business Days after the determination of the 
Realisable Amount] 
− 
Physical 
Settlement 
Procedure 
(Share Linked Condition 10(f)(i)): 
[As determined in accordance with Share Linked 
Conditions] [Not Applicable] [Noteholder shall 
deliver [[10][●]] Business Days prior to the 
Physical 
Settlement 
Date 
the 
documents 
specified in Share Linked Condition 10(f)(i) 
(Procedure by Noteholders)] 
− 
Physical Settlement Period: 
[As per Share Linked Condition 11] [[●] 
Exchange Business Days][Not Applicable] 
− 
Notice Cut-Off Date: 
[As per Share Linked Condition 10(f)(ii)] [Not 
Applicable] [[5][●] Business Days] 
− 
Escrow: 
[Applicable][Not Applicable] 
− 
Escrow Agent: 
[As per Share Linked Condition 11][specify 
identity of the Escrow Agent] 
− 
Settlement Currency: 
[●] [Specified Currency] 
− 
Currency Screen Page: 
[●][Not Applicable] 
− 
Currency Specified Time: 
[●][Not Applicable] 
− 
Currency Specified Date: 
[●][Not Applicable] 
− 
Quotations: 
 
− 
Quotation Valuation Time: 
[●][Not Applicable]

--- Page 61 ---
61 
− 
Share Dealer: 
[●][As per Share Linked Condition 11] [Not 
Applicable] 
− 
Clearance System: 
[●][As per Share Linked Condition 11] [Not 
Applicable] 
− 
Fractional Share: 
[●][As per Share Linked Condition 11][as 
rounded down to the closest three decimal 
places][as rounded down to the closest [●] 
decimal places] [Not Applicable] 
− 
Physical Settlement Date: 
[●][As per Share Linked Condition 11] [Not 
Applicable]] 
19. 
Fund Linked Note Conditions 
[Applicable]/[Not Applicable] 
 
 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-
paragraphs of this paragraph) 
 
(i) 
Single Fund: 
[Applicable]/[Not Applicable] 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-
paragraphs of this paragraph) 
  
 
- 
Fund Unit: 
issuer: [●]; identification number: [●] 
 
- 
Initial 
Underlying 
Value: 
[●]/[The NAV per Fund Unit on the Initial 
Observation Date]/[the lowest of the NAV per 
Fund 
Units 
for 
the 
Strike 
Determination 
Dates]/[Not Applicable] 
 
- 
Final 
Underlying 
Value: 
[●]/[The NAV per Fund Unit on the Final 
Observation Date]/[Not Applicable] 
 
- 
NAV 
Trigger 
Period(s): 
[●] 
 
- 
NAV 
Trigger 
Percentage(s): 
[●] 
 
- 
AUM Level: 
[●] 
(ii) 
Basket of Funds/Multi-Asset 
Basket: 
Basket of Funds is [Applicable]/[Not Applicable] 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-
paragraphs of this paragraph) 
Fund Business Day: [Fund Business Day (All 
Funds Basis)][Fund Business Day (Per Fund 
Basis)] 
 
Fund Valuation Day: [Fund Valuation Day (All 
Funds Basis)][Fund Valuation Day (Per Fund 
Basis)]

--- Page 62 ---
62 
Multi-Asset 
Basket 
is 
[Applicable]/[Not 
Applicable] 
(If not applicable, delete the rest of the sub 
paragraph) 
[(Please also refer to section[s] ["Commodity 
Linked Note Conditions"] [and] ["Inflation Linked 
Note Conditions"] [and] ["Rate Linked Note 
Conditions"] 
[and] 
["ETF 
Linked 
Note 
Conditions"] 
[and] 
["Share 
Linked 
Note 
Conditions"] 
[and] 
["Index 
Linked 
Note 
Conditions"] for details of other Multi-Asset 
Basket Components).] 
(If neither Basket of Funds nor Multi-Asset Basket 
is applicable, delete the table below) 
[UnderlyingA][UnderlyingB][Underlying(Specify"i")] 
for the purpose of the section "Payoff" 
Initial 
Underlying 
Value 
Final 
Underlying 
Value 
NAV 
Trigger 
Period(s) 
NAV 
Trigger 
Percentage(s) 
AUM 
Level 
 
issuer: [●]; identification number: [●] 
[●]/[The NAV 
per Fund Unit 
on the Initial 
Observation 
Date]/[the 
lowest of the 
NAV per Fund 
Units for the 
Strike 
Determination 
Dates]/[Not 
Applicable] 
[●]/[The NAV 
per Fund Unit 
on the Final 
Observation 
Date]/[Not 
Applicable] 
[●] 
[●] 
[●] 
 
(Add rows as required) 
(Add rows as 
required) 
(Add rows as 
required) 
(Add rows as 
required) 
(Add rows as 
required) 
(Add rows as 
required) 
 
(iii) 
Calculation Agent responsible 
for calculating any amount due 
under the Notes: 
[●] (NB. Specify name and address)/[The Issuer] 
(iv) 
Additional Disruption Events: 
Change in Law: [Applicable]/[Not Applicable] 
Hedging Disruption: [Applicable]/[Not Applicable] 
Increased Cost of Hedging: [Applicable]/[Not 
Applicable] 
 
 
20. 
Commodity Linked Note Conditions 
[Applicable]/[Not Applicable] 
 
 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-
paragraphs of this paragraph) 
(i) 
Single Commodity/Commodity 
Index:  
[Applicable]/[Not Applicable] 
(If not applicable, delete the rest of the sub 
paragraph) 
- 
Commodity/Commodity 
Index 
The [Commodity][Commodity Index] is [●].

--- Page 63 ---
63 
- 
Initial Underlying Value: 
[●]/[The Settlement Price on the Initial Observation 
Date]/[The lowest of the Settlement Prices for the 
Strike Determination Dates]/[Not Applicable] 
- 
Final Underlying Value: 
[●]/[The Settlement Price on the Final Observation 
Date]/[Not Applicable] 
- 
Exchange(s): 
[●][As per the Commodity Linked Conditions]  
- 
Commodity 
Index 
Calculation Agent: 
[●]/[Not Applicable] 
- 
Commodity 
Reference 
Price: 
[●]/[Not Applicable] 
- 
Delivery Date: 
[●]/[[●] Nearby Month] 
- 
Specified Price: 
[●]/(For a Commodity Index only)[As per the 
Commodity Linked Conditions] 
(ii) 
Basket 
of 
Commodities/Commodity 
Indices/Multi-Asset Basket 
Basket of Commodities/Commodity Indices is 
[Applicable]/[Not Applicable] 
Multi-Asset 
Basket 
is 
[Applicable]/[Not 
Applicable] 
(If not applicable, delete the rest of the sub 
paragraph) 
[(Please also refer to section[s] ["Fund Linked 
Note Conditions"] [and] ["Inflation Linked Note 
Conditions"] 
[and] 
["Rate 
Linked 
Note 
Conditions"] 
[and] 
["ETF 
Linked 
Note 
Conditions"] 
[and] 
["Share 
Linked 
Note 
Conditions"] 
[and] 
["Index 
Linked 
Note 
Conditions"] for details of other Multi-Asset 
Basket Components).] 
(If neither Basket of Commodities/Commodity 
Indices nor Multi-Asset Basket is applicable, 
delete the table below) 
 
[UnderlyingA][UnderlyingB][Underlying(Specify"i")] 
for the purpose of the section "Payoff" 
Initial 
Underlying 
Value 
Final 
Underlying 
Value 
Exchange 
Coomodity 
Index 
Calculation 
Agent 
Commodity 
Reference 
Price 
Delivery 
Date 
Specified 
Price 
 
The [Commodity][Commodity Index] is [●] 
[●]/[The 
Settlement 
Price on the 
Initial 
Observation 
Date]/[The 
lowest of the 
Settlement 
Prices for the 
Strike 
Determination 
Dates]/[Not 
Applicable] 
[●]/[The 
Settlement 
Price on the 
Final 
Observation 
Date]/[Not 
Applicable] 
[●] 
[●]/[Not 
Applicable] 
[●]/[Not 
Applicable] 
[●]/[[●
] Nearby 
Month] 
[●]/(For a 
Commodity 
Index 
only)[As 
per 
the 
Commodity 
Linked 
Conditions] 
 
(Add rows as required) 
(Add rows as 
required) 
(Add rows 
as 
required) 
(Add 
rows 
as 
required) 
(Add rows 
as 
required) 
(Add rows 
as 
required) 
(Add 
rows as 
required) 
(Add rows 
as 
required)

--- Page 64 ---
64 
 
(iii) 
Calculation Agent responsible 
for calculating any amount due 
under the Notes: 
[●] (NB. Specify name and address)/[The Issuer] 
(iv) 
Additional Disruption Events: 
Change in Law: [Applicable]/[Not Applicable] 
Hedging 
Disruption: 
[Applicable]/[Not 
Applicable] 
Increased Cost of Hedging: [Applicable]/[Not 
Applicable] 
 
21. 
ETF Linked Note Conditions 
[Applicable]/[Not Applicable] 
 
 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-
paragraphs of this paragraph) 
 
(i) 
Single ETF: 
[Applicable]/[Not Applicable] 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-
paragraphs of this paragraph)  
- 
Initial Underlying Value: 
[●]/[Not Applicable] 
- 
Final Underlying Value: 
[●]/[Not Applicable] 
- ETF: 
[●] 
- Exchange: 
[●] 
- Related Exchange: 
[●] 
- Tender Offer: 
[Applicable][Not Applicable] 
- Reporting Disruption: 
[Applicable][Not Applicable] 
- ETF Insolvency Event: 
[Applicable][Not Applicable] 
(ii) 
Basket 
of 
ETFs/Multi-Asset 
Basket: 
Basket of ETFs is [Applicable]/[Not 
Applicable] 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining 
sub-paragraphs of this paragraph) 
Scheduled Trading Day: [Scheduled 
Trading 
Day 
(All 
ETF 
Basis)][Scheduled Trading Day (Per 
ETF Basis)] 
 
Exchange Business Day: [Exchange 
Business 
Day 
(All 
ETF 
Basis)][Exchange Business Day (Per 
ETF Basis)]

--- Page 65 ---
65 
Multi-Asset 
Basket 
is 
[Applicable]/[Not Applicable] 
(If not applicable, delete the rest of the 
sub paragraph) 
[(Please also refer to section[s] ["Fund 
Linked 
Note 
Conditions"] 
[and] 
["Inflation Linked Note Conditions"] 
[and] ["Rate Linked Note Conditions"] 
[and] 
["Commodity 
Linked 
Note 
Conditions"] [and] ["Share Linked Note 
Conditions"] [and] ["Index Linked Note 
Conditions"] for details of other Multi-
Asset Basket Components).] 
(If neither Basket of ETFs nor Multi-
Asset Basket is applicable, delete the 
table below) 
 
[UnderlyingA][U
nderlyingB][Unde
rlying(Specify"i")] for 
the purpose of the 
section "Payoff" 
Initial 
Underlying 
Value 
Final 
Underlying 
Value 
Exchange 
Related 
Exchange 
Tender Offer 
 
Reporting 
Disruption 
ETF 
Insolvency 
Event 
 
[●] 
[●]/[Not 
Applicable] 
[●]/[Not 
Applicable] 
[●] 
[●] 
[Applicable]/[
Not 
Applicable] 
 
[Applicabl
e]/[Not 
Applicable
] 
[Applicable]/[Not 
Applicable] 
 
(Add 
rows 
as 
required) 
(Add rows as 
required) 
(Add rows as 
required) 
(Add rows 
as 
required) 
(Add rows as 
required) 
(Add rows as 
required) 
 
(Add rows 
as 
required) 
(Add 
rows 
as 
required) 
 
(iii) 
Calculation Agent responsible 
for calculating any amount due 
under the Notes: 
[●] (NB. Specify name and address)/[The Issuer] 
(iv) 
Additional Disruption Events: 
Change in Law: [Applicable]/[Not Applicable] 
Hedging Disruption: [Applicable]/[Not Applicable] 
Increased Cost of Hedging: [Applicable]/[Not 
Applicable] 
 
 
22. 
Multi-Asset 
Basket 
Linked 
Note 
Conditions 
[Applicable]/[Not Applicable] 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-paragraphs of this 
paragraph) 
(i) 
Calculation Agent responsible for 
calculating any amount due under 
the Notes: 
[●] (NB. Specify name and address)/[The Issuer] 
(ii) 
Additional Disruption Events: 
Change in Law: [Applicable]/[Not Applicable] 
Hedging Disruption: [Applicable]/[Not Applicable]

--- Page 66 ---
66 
Increased Cost of Hedging: [Applicable]/[Not 
Applicable] 
Insolvency Filing: [Applicable in respect of [specify 
in relation to each relevant Share comprised in the 
Multi-Asset Basket]]/[Not Applicable] 
Increased Cost of Stock Borrow: [Applicable in 
respect of [specify in relation to each relevant Index 
comprised 
in 
the 
Multi-Asset 
Basket]]/[Not 
Applicable] 
Loss of Stock Borrow: [Applicable in respect of 
[specify in relation to each relevant Index comprised 
in the Multi-Asset Basket]]/[Not Applicable] 
The Maximum Stock Loan Rate [in respect of [specify 
in relation to each relevant component of each 
relevant Index] is [●].] (only if Loss of Stock Borrow 
applies)/[is not applicable]. 
The Initial Stock Loan Rate [in respect of [specify 
each relevant component of each relevant Index] is 
[●] (only if Increased Cost of Stock Borrow 
applies)]/[is not applicable.] 
(iii) 
Maximum Days of Disruption: 
[●]/[As per section 7 (Definitions) of the Multi-Asset 
Basket Annex]. 
(iv) 
Multi-Asset Basket Component: 
Each [(specify)] [Commodity] [and] [Commodity 
Index] [and] [Index] [and] [Inflation Index] [and] 
[Benchmark Rate] [ETF Unit] [and] [Share] [and] 
[Fund Unit] [respectively] set out in sections 
["Commodity Linked Note Conditions"] [and] 
["Index Linked Note Conditions"] [and] ["Inflation 
Linked Note Conditions"] [and] ["Rate Linked Note 
Conditions"] [and] ["ETF Linked Note Conditions"] 
[and] ["Share Linked Note Conditions"] [and] ["Fund 
Linked Note Conditions"] above. 
(v) 
Multi-Asset Basket Scheduled 
Trading Day: 
[Multi-Asset Basket Scheduled Trading Day (All 
Assets 
Basis)]/[Multi-Asset 
Basket 
Scheduled 
Trading Day (Per Asset Basis)]/[As per section 7 
(Definitions) of the Multi-Asset Basket Annex]. 
(vi) 
Observation Date(s): 
[●] (Specify any business day convention applicable 
to the Observation Date(s)) 
 
PROVISIONS RELATING TO THE PAYOFF 
23. 
(i) 
Coupon Rate: 
[Not Applicable] 
[[●] per cent]/[●] (Specify formula)]

--- Page 67 ---
67 
 
 
[Coupon 
Observation 
Date 
Coupon Rate 
[●] 
[[●] per cent]/[●] 
(Specify formula)] 
 
(Repeat 
as 
necessary) 
(Repeat 
as 
necessary)] 
 
(ii) 
Relevant Coupon Rate: 
[Not Applicable] 
[[●] per cent]/[●] (Specify formula)] 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
[Coupon 
Observation 
Date 
Relevant 
Coupon 
Rate 
[●] 
[[●] per cent]/[●] 
(Specify formula)] 
 
(Repeat 
as 
necessary) 
(Repeat 
as 
necessary)] 
 
(iii) 
Rebate Rate: 
[Not Applicable] 
[[●] per cent]/[●] (Specify formula)] 
 
 
[Autocall 
Observation 
Date 
Rebate Rate 
[●] 
[[●] per cent]/[●] 
(Specify formula)] 
 
(Repeat 
as 
necessary) 
(Repeat 
as 
necessary)] 
 
(iv) 
Relevant Rebate: 
[Not Applicable] 
[[●] per cent]/[●] (Specify formula)] 
[Autocall 
Observation 
Date 
Relevant Rebate 
[●] 
[[●] per cent]/[●] 
(Specify formula)]

--- Page 68 ---
68 
 
 
(Repeat 
as 
necessary) 
(Repeat 
as 
necessary)] 
 
(v) 
Relevant Bonus Rate: 
[Not Applicable] 
[[●] per cent]/[●] (Specify formula)] 
 
 
[Autocall 
Observation 
Date 
Relevant 
Bonus 
Rate 
[●] 
[[●] per cent]/[●] 
(Specify formula)] 
 
(Repeat 
as 
necessary) 
(Repeat 
as 
necessary)] 
 
(vi) 
Guaranteed Coupon: 
[Applicable]/[Not Applicable] (If Not Applicable, delete 
the rows below) 
Guaranteed Coupon Rate:  
[[●] per cent]/[●] (Specify formula)] 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
The relevant Coupon Observation Date[s] [and 
the related Guaranteed Coupon Payment Date[s]] 
[is]/[are] [●]/[as set out below: 
 
Coupon 
Observation 
Date 
[Guaranteed 
Coupon 
Payment 
Date 
[●] 
[●]] 
(Repeat 
as 
necessary) 
(Repeat 
as 
necessary)] 
[Coupon 
Observation 
Date 
Guaranteed 
Coupon Rate 
[●] 
[[●] per cent]/[●] 
(Specify 
formula)] 
 
(Repeat 
as 
necessary) 
(Repeat 
as 
necessary)] 
 
(vii) 
Coupon in Fine: 
 
[Applicable]/[Not Applicable]

--- Page 69 ---
69 
 
(viii) 
Coupon 
Observation 
Date(s): 
[Not Applicable]/[The Coupon Observation Date[s] 
[is]/[are] [[each Business Days]/[each Scheduled Trading 
Day]/[each Scheduled Business Day]/[each Exchange 
Business 
Day]/[each 
Fund 
Business 
Day]/[each 
Commodity Business Day]/[●]]. 
 
(ix) 
Accrual 
Observation 
Date(s): 
[Not Applicable]/[The Coupon Observation Date[s] 
[is]/[are] [[each Business Days]/[each Scheduled Trading 
Day]/[each Scheduled Business Day]/[each Exchange 
Business 
Day]/[each 
Fund 
Business 
Day]/[each 
Commodity Business Day]/[●]]. 
 
(x) 
Fixed 
Coupon 
Observation Date(s): 
[Not Applicable]/[The Fixed Coupon Observation 
Date[s] [is]/[are] [[each Business Days]/[each Scheduled 
Trading Day]/[each Scheduled Business Day]/[each 
Exchange 
Business 
Day]/[each 
Fund 
Business 
Day]/[each Commodity Business Day]]/[●]]. 
 
(xi) 
Indexed 
Coupon 
Observation Date(s): 
[Not Applicable]/[The Indexed Coupon Observation 
Date[s] [is]/[are] [[each Business Days]/[each Scheduled 
Trading Day]/[each Scheduled Business Day]/[each 
Exchange 
Business 
Day]/[each 
Fund 
Business 
Day]/[each Commodity Business Day]]/[●]]. 
 
(xii) 
Coupon 
Payment 
Dates: 
[Not Applicable][The Coupon Payment Date[s] [in 
respect of each relevant Coupon Observation Date] 
[is]/[are] [●]/[as set out below: 
 
Coupon 
Observation Date 
Coupon Payment 
Date 
[●] 
[●] 
(Repeat 
as 
necessary) 
(Repeat 
as 
necessary)]] 
 
(xiii) 
Conditional 
Coupon 
Payment Dates: 
 
[Not Applicable]/The Conditional Coupon Payment 
Date[s] [in respect of each relevant Coupon Observation 
Date] [is]/[are] [●]/[as set out below: 
 
Coupon 
Observation Date 
Conditional Coupon 
Payment Date 
[●] 
[●] 
(Repeat 
as 
necessary) 
(Repeat 
as 
necessary)]

--- Page 70 ---
70 
 
(xiv) 
Fixed Coupon Payment 
Date(s): 
[Not Applicable]/The Fixed Coupon Payment Date[s] [in 
respect of each relevant Fixed Coupon Observation Date] 
[is]/[are] [●]/[as set out below: 
 
Fixed 
Coupon 
Observation Date 
Fixed 
Coupon 
Payment Date 
[●] 
[●] 
(Repeat 
as 
necessary) 
(Repeat 
as 
necessary)] 
 
(xv) 
Indexed 
Coupon 
Payment Date(s): 
[Not Applicable]/The Fixed Coupon Payment Date[s] [in 
respect of each relevant Fixed Coupon Observation Date] 
[is]/[are] [●]/[as set out below: 
 
Indexed Coupon 
Observation Date 
Indexed 
Coupon 
Payment Date 
[●] 
[●] 
(Repeat 
as 
necessary) 
(Repeat 
as 
necessary)] 
 
(xvi) 
Partial 
Redemption 
Date(s): 
 
[●]/[Not Applicable] 
 
(xvii) Observation Date(s): 
[Not Applicable]/[The Observation Date[s] [is]/[are] 
[[each 
Business 
Days]/[each 
Scheduled 
Trading 
Day]/[each Scheduled Business Day]/[each Exchange 
Business 
Day]/[each 
Fund 
Business 
Day]/[each 
Commodity Business Day]]/[●]]. 
 
(xviii) Initial 
Observation 
Date: 
[In respect of Index A:[●]; In respect of Index B: [●]] /[Not 
Applicable]/[●] 
 
(xix) 
Initial 
Averaging 
Dates: 
[Not Applicable]/[●] 
 
(xx) 
Final 
Observation 
Date: 
[In respect of Index A:[●]; In respect of Index B: [●]]/[Not 
Applicable]/[●] 
 
(xxi) 
Relevant Observation 
Date: 
[In respect of Index A:[●]; In respect of Index B: [●]]/[Not 
Applicable] 
 
(xxii) Autocall 
Observation 
Date(s): 
[The Autocall Observation Date(s) is/are [[each Scheduled 
Trading Day]/[●]]/[Not Applicable] 
 
(xxiii) Automatic 
Early 
Redemption Date(s) 
[●]/[Not Applicable] 
 
(xxiv) Strike 
Determination 
Date(s) 
[●]/[Not Applicable]

--- Page 71 ---
71 
 
(xxv) 
Lock-In 
Observation 
Date(s): 
 
[The Lock-In Observation Date[s] [is]/[are] [●]]/[Not 
Applicable] 
 
(xxvi) Securitisation 
Observation Date(s): 
 
[The Securitisation Observation Date[s] [is]/[are] [●]]/[Not 
Applicable] 
 
(xxvii) Rebound Observation 
Date(s): 
 
[The Rebound Observation Date[s] [is]/[are] [●]]/[Not 
Applicable] 
 
(xxviii) Coupon Option Dates: 
 
[The Coupon Option Date(s) [is]/[are] [●]]/[Not Applicable]  
 
(xxix) Call Option Dates: 
 
[The Call Option Date(s) [is]/[are] [●]]/[Not Applicable]  
 
 
(xxx) 
Call Option Exercise 
Dates: 
 
[The Call Option Date(s) [is]/[are] [●]]/[Not Applicable]  
 
 
(xxxi) Max 
Drawdown 
Observation Date(s): 
 
[The Max Drawdown Observation Date(s) [is]/[are] 
[●]]/[Not Applicable]  
 
 
(xxxii) Day Count Fraction: 
[Actual/365]/[Actual/Actual 
(ISDA)]/[Actual/365 
(Fixed)]/[Actual/360]/ [30/360]/[360/360]/[Bond Basis]/ 
[30E/360]/[Eurobond 
Basis]/[Actual/Actual 
ICMA]/[30E/360 (ISDA)]/[Not Applicable] 
 
 
(xxxiii) Payoff Formula: 
(Select the relevant Payoff formula and options and delete 
the other Payoff formulas and options.) 
 
 
[ACAJOU: 
[European Observation]/[Average Observation]  
Cap: [Applicable]/[Not Applicable] 
Leverage: [●] 
Securitisation Level: [●] per cent of the Initial 
Underlying Value 
Rebate: [●] per cent 
Cap Level: [[●] per cent of the Initial 
Underlying Value] (only if "Cap" applies)/[Not 
Applicable]] 
 
 
 
[ALTAIR: 
[Autocall]/[Non-Callable] 
[Barrier Put]/[Leveraged Put] 
[Conditional 
Coupon 
Without 
Memory 
Effect]/[Conditional Coupon With Memory 
Effect] 
Knock-in Level: [[●] per cent of Initial 
Underlying ValueA] (only if "Barrier Put" 
applies)/[Not Applicable] 
Put Strike Level: [[●] per cent of Initial 
Underlying ValueA.] (only if "Leveraged Put" 
applies)/[Not Applicable]] 
 
 
 
[AMORTISSABLE INFLATION 
 
 
 
Floor: [Applicable]/[Not Applicable] 
 
 
 
Cap: [Applicable]/[Not Applicable] 
 
 
 
Amortisation Rate: [●] per cent]

--- Page 72 ---
72 
 
 
 
Cap Level: [[●] per cent] (only if "Cap" 
applies)/[Not Applicable] 
 
 
 
Floor Level: [[●] per cent] (only if "Floor" 
applies)/[Not Applicable] 
 
 
 
[ANDROMEDE: 
Autocall: [Applicable]/[Not Applicable] 
Autocall Trigger Level: [●] per cent of the Initial 
Underlying Value (only if Autocall applies) / [Not 
Applicable] 
Leverage: [●] 
Barrier Put: [Applicable]/[Not Applicable] 
Knock-in Level: [[●] per cent of the Initial 
Underlying Value.] (only if "Barrier Put" 
applies)/[Not Applicable] 
Best-out: [Applicable]/[Not Applicable]] 
 
 
 
[ARAMIS:  
[Autocall]/[Non-Callable] 
Autocall Trigger Level: [●] per cent of the 
Initial Underlying Value (only if Autocall 
applies) / [Not Applicable] 
[Conditional 
Coupon 
Without 
Memory 
Effect]/[Conditional Coupon With Memory 
Effect]/[Partial Memory Effect] 
Put Spread: [Applicable]/[Not Applicable] 
Strike Min: [Applicable]/[Not Applicable] 
[Bonus Effect]/[Lock-in Clause] 
Coupon Trigger Level: [●] per cent of the Initial 
Underlying Value 
Coupon Recovery Rate: [[●] per cent] (only if 
"Partial 
Memory 
Effect" 
applies)/[Not 
Applicable] 
Bonus Rate: [[●] per cent] (only if "Bonus 
Effect" applies)]/[Not Applicable] 
Knock-in Put Spread Level: [[●] per cent of the 
Initial Underlying Value] (only if "Put Spread" 
applies)]/[Not Applicable] 
Floor: [●] (only if "Put Spread" applies)]/[Not 
Applicable] 
Securitisation Level: [[●] per cent] (only if 
"Lock-in Effect" applies)]/[Not Applicable]] 
 
 
 
[ARTÉMIS: 
[Linear 
Performance]/[Compounded 
Performance] 
Put Spread: [Applicable]/[Not Applicable] 
Lock-in Effect: [Applicable]/[Not Applicable] 
Adjustment Factor: [●] 
T: [●]] 
 
 
 
[ATHOS: 
[Autocall]/[Non-Callable] 
[European 
Observation]/[Average 
Observation]/[Floored 
Average 
Observation]/[Absolute Average Observation] 
Cap: [Applicable]/[Not Applicable]

--- Page 73 ---
73 
Ladder: [Applicable] (only if " Dynamic Bond 
Floor" does not apply)/[Not Applicable] 
Dynamic Bond Floor: [●]/[Not Applicable] 
Leverage: [●] 
T: [●] 
Ajustment Factor: [●] 
Floor: [●] (only if " Dynamic Bond Floor" does 
not apply)/[Not Applicable] 
Autocall Trigger Level: [[●] per cent of the Initial 
Underlying 
Value] 
(only 
if 
"Autocall" 
applies)/[Not Applicable] 
Rebate: [●] (only if "Autocall" applies)/[Not 
Applicable] 
Cap Level: [●] (only if "Cap" applies)/[Not 
Applicable] 
Ladder Level: [●] (only if "Ladder" applies)/[Not 
Applicable]] 
Initial Floor Level: [●] (only if "Dynamic Bond 
Floor" applies)/[Not Applicable]] 
 
 
 
[BASKET ARAMIS:  
[Autocall]/[Non-Callable] 
[No Memory]/[Memory Effect] 
[Bonus Effect]/[Lock-in Effect] 
Autocall 
Condition: 
[Worst-of]/[Best-
of]/[Equal 
Weight] 
(only 
if 
"Autocall" 
applies)]/[Not Applicable] 
Conditional 
Coupon 
Condition: 
[Worst-
of]/[Best-of]/[Equal Weight] (only if "No 
Memory", "Memory Effect" or "Bonus Effect" 
applies)]/[Not Applicable] 
Securitisation 
Condition: 
[Worst-of]/[Best-
of]/[Equal Weight] (only if "Lock-in Effect" 
applies)]/[Not Applicable] 
Autocall Trigger Level: [●] (only if "Autocall" 
applies)]/[Not Applicable] 
Coupon Trigger Level: [●] (only if "No 
Memory", "Memory Effect" or "Bonus Effect" 
applies)]/[Not Applicable] 
Bonus Rate: [●] (only if "Bonus Effect" 
applies)/[Not Applicable] 
Securitisation Level: [●] (only if "Lock-in 
Effect" applies)]/[Not Applicable]] 
 
 
 
[BASKET ARTEMIS: 
Put Spread: [Applicable]/[Not Applicable] 
Floor: [●] (only if "Put Spread" applies)/[Not 
Applicable] 
Adjustment Factor: [●]] 
 
 
 
[BASKET ATHOS: 
Cap: [Applicable]/[Not Applicable] 
[European 
Observation]/[Average 
Observation]/[Floored Average Observation] 
Floor: [●] (only if "Floor Average Observation" 
applies)/[Not Applicable]

--- Page 74 ---
74 
Cap Level: [●] (only if "Cap" applies)/[Not 
Applicable] 
Leverage: [●] (only if "European Observation" 
or 
"Average 
Observation" 
applies)/[Not 
Applicable] 
T: [●] (only if "European Observation" 
applies)/[Not Applicable] 
Adjustment Factor: [●]] 
 
 
 
[BASKET DOUBLE TOP: 
[Autocall]/[Non-Callable] 
[Barrier Put]/[Leveraged Put] 
[Conditional 
Coupon 
Without 
Memory 
Effect]/[Conditional Coupon with Memory 
Effect] 
[Worst-of]/[Best-of]/[Equal Weight] 
Bonus Rate: [●] per cent 
Autocall Trigger Level: [●] (only if "Autocall" 
applies)/[Not Applicable] 
Knock-in Level: [●] (only if "Barrier Put" 
applies)/[Not Applicable] 
Put Strike Level: [●] (only if "Leveraged Put" 
applies)/[Not Applicable] 
Coupon Trigger Level: [●] (only if "Conditional 
Coupon" or "Conditional Coupon with Memory 
Effect" applies)/[Not Applicable]] 
 
 
 
[BASKET HIMALAYA: 
Cap: [Applicable]/[Not Applicable] 
Cap Level: [●] (only if "Cap" applies)/[Not 
Applicable] 
Floor: [●] 
Adjustment Factor: [●]] 
 
 
 
[BASKET TOP: 
[Barrier Put]/[Leveraged Put]  
Airbag: [Applicable]/[Not Applicable] 
Semi Airbag: [Applicable]/[Not Applicable] 
[Worst-of]/[Best-of]/[Equal 
Weight]/[Other 
Chance] 
Knock-in Level: [●] (only if "Barrier Put" 
applies)/[(Not Applicable] 
Put Strike Level: [●] (only if "Leveraged Put" 
applies)]/[Not Applicable] 
Autocall Trigger Level: [●] 
Airbag Rate: [●]] 
 
 
 
[BEST-IN: 
Cap: [Applicable]/[Not Applicable] 
Cap Level: [[●] per cent of the Initial 
Underlying Value] (only if "Cap" applies)/[Not 
Applicable]] 
 
 
 
[CASSIOPEE: 
Knock-in Level: [●] per cent of the Initial 
Underlying Value

--- Page 75 ---
75 
Cap: [Applicable]/[Not Applicable] 
Cap Level: [●] (only if "Cap" applies)/[Not 
Applicable]] 
 
 
 
[CLIQUET 
Cap: [Applicable]/[Not Applicable] 
Cap Level: [●] (only if "Cap" applies)/[Not 
Applicable] 
Lock-in effect: [Applicable]/[Not Applicable] 
Put Spread: [Applicable]/[Not Applicable] 
Knock-in Put Spread Level : [[●] per cent of the 
Initial Underlying Value] (only if "Put Spread" 
applies)/[Not Applicable]] 
Floor: [●]: (only if "Put Spread" applies)/[Not 
Applicable] 
Global Floor: [●] 
Local Floor: [●] 
N: [●] 
Barrier Put: [Applicable]/[Not Applicable] 
Knock-In Level: [[●] per cent of the Initial 
Underlying Value] (only if "Barrier Put" 
applies)/[Not Applicable]] 
 
 
 
[DIGITAL INFLATION: 
 
 
 
Fixed Coupon: [Applicable]/[Not Applicable] 
 
 
 
Trigger Level: [●] per cent 
 
 
 
Rebate: [●] per cent]  
 
 
 
[DOUBLE TOP: 
[Autocall]/[Non-Callable] 
[Barrier Put]/[Leveraged Put] 
[Conditional 
Coupon 
Without 
Memory 
Effect]/[Conditional Coupon With Memory 
Effect] 
Bonus Rate: [●] per cent 
Autocall Trigger Level: [[●] per cent of the 
Initial Underlying Value.][in respect of the 
following Autocall Observation Date[s] [●], [●] 
per cent of the Initial Underlying Value. (Insert 
and repeat as necessary)][in respect of the Final 
Observation Date [●], [●] per cent of the Initial 
Underlying 
Value.] 
(only 
if 
"Autocall" 
applies)/[Not Applicable] 
Strike Min: [Applicable]/[Not Applicable] 
Knock-in Level: [[●] per cent of the Initial 
Underlying Value] (only if "Barrier Put" 
applies)/[Not Applicable] 
Put Strike Level: [[●] per cent of the Initial 
Underlying Value.] (only if "Leveraged Put" 
applies)/[Not Applicable] 
Coupon Trigger Level: [[●] per cent of the 
Initial Underlying Value] (only if "Conditional 
Coupon 
Without 
Memory 
Effect" 
or 
"Conditional Coupon with Memory Effect" 
applies)/[Not Applicable]]

--- Page 76 ---
76 
 
 
[DOUBLE TOP SWITCH: 
[Conditional 
Coupon 
Without 
Memory 
Effect]/[Conditional Coupon With Memory 
Effect] 
Knock-in Level: [●] per cent of the Initial 
Underlying Value 
Securitisation Level: [●] per cent of the Initial 
Underlying Value 
Coupon Trigger Level: [[●] per cent of the 
Initial Underlying Value] (only if "Conditional 
Coupon 
Without 
Memory 
Effect" 
or 
"Conditional Coupon with Memory Effect" 
applies)/[Not Applicable]] 
 
 
 
[ERIDAN: 
Cap: [Applicable]/[Not Applicable] 
Leverage 1: [●] 
Leverage 2: [●] 
Cap Level: [●] (only if "Cap" applies)/[Not 
Applicable]] 
 
 
 
[FLOATER INFLATION: 
 
 
 
Cap: [Applicable]/[Not Applicable] 
 
 
 
Fixed Coupon: [Applicable]/[Not Applicable] 
 
 
 
Floor Level: [●] per cent 
 
 
 
Cap Level: [[●] per cent] (only if "Cap" 
applies)/[Not Applicable]] 
 
 
 
[REVERSE CONVERTIBLE: 
[Autocall]/[Non-Callable] 
[Conditional Coupon is applicable.] 
[Unconditional Coupon is applicable.] 
[Non-Put Spread]/[Put Spread is applicable.] 
[Non-Put]/[Put is applicable.] 
Cap [is applicable]/[is not applicable]. 
[Barrier Put]/[Leveraged Put] 
Autocall Trigger Level: [●] (only if "Autocall" 
applies)/[Not Applicable] 
Cap Level: [●] (only if "Cap" applies)/[Not 
Applicable] 
Floor Level: [●] 
Leverage: [●] 
Margin: [●] 
Knock-in Put Spread Level: [●] (only if "Put 
Spread" applies)/[Not Applicable] 
Knock-in Level: [●] (only if "Barrier Put" 
applies)/[Not Applicable] 
Put Strike Level: [●] (only if "Leveraged Put" 
applies)/[Not Applicable] 
Coupon Trigger Level: [●] (only if "Cap" and 
"Floor" do not apply)/[Not Applicable]] 
 
 
 
(For Rate Linked Notes only) [LEVERAGED FLOATER 
is applicable. 
Floor: [Applicable]/[Not Applicable] 
 
Cap: [Applicable]/[Not Applicable]

--- Page 77 ---
77 
 
Cap Level: [[●] per cent] (only if "Cap" 
applies)/[Not Applicable] 
 
Floor Level: [[●] per cent] (only if "Floor" 
applies)/[Not Applicable] 
Margin: [●] per cent. per annum 
Leverage: [●] 
[In advance]/[In arrears] is applicable.] 
 
 
 
[LOCKER: 
[Conditional 
Coupon 
Without 
Memory 
Effect]/[Conditional Coupon With Memory 
Effect] 
Lock-In Clause: [Applicable]/[Not Applicable] 
Knock-in Level: [●] per cent of the Initial 
Underlying Value 
Lock-in Level: [●] per cent of the Initial 
Underlying Value (Only if "Lock-In Clause 
applies) 
Securitisation Level: [●] per cent of the Initial 
Underlying Value 
Coupon Trigger Level: [●] per cent of the Initial 
Underlying Value] 
 
 
 
[ORION: 
[Autocall]/[Non-Callable] 
[Barrier Put]/[Leveraged Put] 
Autocall Trigger Level: [[●] per cent of the 
Initial Underlying Value.] (only if "Autocall" 
applies)/[Not Applicable] 
Bonus Rate: [●] per cent 
Knock-in Level: [[●] per cent of the Initial 
Underlying Value] (only if "Barrier Put" 
applies)/[Not Applicable] 
Put Strike Level: [[●] per cent of the Initial 
Underlying Value.] (only if "Leveraged Put" 
applies)/[Not Applicable] 
Cap: [Applicable]/[Not Applicable] 
Ladder 
mechanism: 
[Applicable]/[Not 
Applicable] 
Leverage: [●] 
Floor Level: 
[●] 
 see (b) (i) 
[[●]% if the value corresponding to 
Ladder Level is equal to [●]% 
[●]% if the value corresponding to 
Ladder Level is equal to [●]% 
[●]% if the value corresponding to 
Ladder Level is equal to [●]% 
[●]% if the value corresponding to 
Ladder Level is equal to [●]% 
(As many rows as required to be 
inserted)] 
[Not Applicable] 
Cap Level: [●] (only if "Cap" applies)/[Not 
Applicable]

--- Page 78 ---
78 
Ladder 
Levels: 
[●] 
(only 
if 
"Ladder" 
applies)/[Not Applicable]] 
 
 
 
[PEGASE:  
Knock-in Level: [●] per cent of the Initial 
Underlying Value 
Securitisation Level: [●] per cent of the Initial 
Underlying Value 
Rebate: [●] per cent] 
 
 
 
(For Rate Linked Notes only) [REVERSE FLOATER is 
applicable. 
 
Z: [●] 
Floor Level: [●] 
Leverage: [●] 
[In advance]/[In arrears] is applicable.] 
 
 
 
[RANGE ACCRUAL: 
Coupon in Fine is [Applicable][Not Applicable] 
[Call Option]/[Non-Callable] 
[Barrier Put][Leveraged Put] 
[Knock-in Level: [●] per cent of the Initial 
Underlying Value (only if Barrier Put applies)] 
[Put Strike Level: [●] per cent of the Initial 
Underlying Value (only if Leveraged Put 
applies)] 
Lag: [●]] 
 
 
 
[REBOUND: 
[Autocall]/[Non-Callable] 
[Barrier Put]/[Leveraged Put] 
[Conditional Coupon] 
Put Spread: [Applicable]/[Not Applicable] 
Rebound Barrier: [[●] per cent of the Initial 
Underlying Value.][in respect of the following 
[Autocall 
Observation 
Date[s]][Rebound 
Observation Date[s][the Final Observation Date] 
[●], [●] per cent of the Initial Underlying Value. 
(Insert and repeat as necessary)] 
Autocall Trigger Level: [[●] per cent of the 
Initial Underlying Value.][in respect of the 
following Autocall Observation Date[s] [●], [●] 
per cent of the Initial Underlying Value. (Insert 
and repeat as necessary)][in respect of the Final 
Observation Date [●], [●] per cent of the Initial 
Underlying 
Value.] 
(only 
if 
"Autocall" 
applies)/[Not Applicable] 
Knock-in Put Spread Level: [[●] per cent of the 
Initial Underlying Value] (only if "Put Spread" 
applies)]/[Not Applicable] 
Floor: [●] (only if "Put Spread" applies)]/[Not 
Applicable] 
Knock-in Level: [[●] per cent of the Initial 
Underlying Value] (only if "Barrier Put" 
applies)/[Not Applicable]

--- Page 79 ---
79 
Put Strike Level: [[●] per cent of the Initial 
Underlying Value.] (only if "Leveraged Put" 
applies)/[Not Applicable] 
Coupon Trigger Level: [[●] per cent of the 
Initial Underlying Value]/[Not Applicable]] 
 
 
 
[SIRIUS: 
Knock-in Level: [●] per cent of the Initial 
Underlying Value 
Securitisation Level: [●] per cent of the Initial 
Underlying Value 
Coupon Trigger Level: [●] per cent of the Initial 
Underlying Value] 
 
 
 
[STEEPENER: 
[In advance]/[In arrear] 
Callable: [Applicable]/[Not Applicable] 
Tarn Effect: [Applicable]/[Not Applicable] 
Cap: [Applicable; Cap Level: [●] ]/[Not 
Applicable] 
Floor: [Applicable; Floor Level: [●]]/[Not 
Applicable] 
Leverage: [●] 
Margin: [●] 
Tarn Level: [●] (only if "Tarn Effect" 
applies)/[Not Applicable]] 
 
 
 
[SWITCHER CALLABLE: 
[European Observation]/[Average Observation]  
Cap: [Applicable]/[Not Applicable] 
Leverage: [●] 
Floor: [●] 
Cap Level: [[●] per cent of the Initial 
Underlying Value] (only if "Cap" applies)/[Not 
Applicable]] 
 
 
 
[SWITCHER COUPON: 
[European Observation]/[Average Observation]  
Cap: [Applicable]/[Not Applicable] 
Leverage: [●] 
Floor: [●] 
Cap Level: [[●] per cent of the Initial 
Underlying Value] (only if "Cap" applies)/[Not 
Applicable]] 
 
 
 
[TARN: 
Put: [Applicable]/[Not Applicable] 
[Barrier Put]/[Leveraged Put] 
[Conditional Coupon] 
Strike Min: [Applicable]/[Not Applicable] 
Tarn Level: [[●]][in respect of the following 
Autocall Observation Date[s] [●], [●]. (Insert 
and repeat as necessary)] [in respect of the 
Final Observation Date [●], [●].] 
Knock-in Level: [●] (only if "Barrier Put" 
applies)/[Not Applicable]

--- Page 80 ---
80 
Put Strike Level: [●] (only if "Leveraged Put" 
applies)/[Not Applicable] 
Relevant Coupon Trigger Level: [In respect of 
the following Observation Date[s]: [●] (Repeat 
as 
necessary)][●] 
(only 
if 
"Conditional 
Coupon" applies)/[Not Applicable]] 
 
 
 
[TOP: 
[Barrier Put]/[Leveraged Put]  
Airbag: [Applicable]/[Not Applicable] 
Indexation: [Applicable]/[Not Applicable] 
Max Drawdown: [Applicable]/[Not Applicable] 
Specific 
Coupon: 
[Applicable]/[Not 
Applicable] 
Absolute: [Applicable]/[Not Applicable] 
Fast-Autocall : [Applicable]/[Not Applicable] 
Fast Trigger: [Applicable]/[Not Applicable] 
Partial Airbag: [Applicable]/[Not Applicable] 
Strike Min: [Applicable]/[Not Applicable] 
Securitisation: [Applicable]/[Not Applicable] 
Autocall Trigger Level: [[●] per cent of the 
Initial Underlying Value.][in respect of the 
following Autocall Observation Date[s] [●], [●] 
per cent of the Initial Underlying Value. (Insert 
and repeat as necessary)] [in respect of the 
Final Observation Date [●], [●] per cent of the 
Initial Underlying Value.] 
Airbag Barrier Level: [[●] per cent of the Initial 
Underlying Value.] (only if Partial Airbag 
applies)/(Not Applicable] 
Cap: 
[[●] 
(only 
if 
"Max 
Drawdown" 
applies)/[Not Applicable] 
Floor: [[●] per cent (only if "Barrier Put" 
applies)/[Not Applicable] 
Knock-in Level: [[●] per cent of the Initial 
Underlying Value.] (only if "Barrier Put" 
applies)/[Not Applicable] 
Put Strike Level: [[●] per cent of the Initial 
Underlying Value.] (only if "Leveraged Put" 
applies)]/[Not Applicable] 
Airbag Rate: [[●] per cent] (only if Airbag or 
Partial Airbag applies)]/[Not Applicable] 
Securitisation Level: [[●] per cent of the Initial 
Underlying Value.] (only if "Securitisation" 
applies)]/[Not Applicable] 
Redemption Lag: [[●]] (only if "Fast-Autocall" 
applies)]/[Not Applicable] 
Gearing: [[●] per cent] (only if "Indexation" or 
"Absolute" apply)]/[Not Applicable]] 
 
 
 
TRANSITION: 
[Trading days][Calendar days]  
Initial Allocation: [●]

--- Page 81 ---
81 
 
 
i 
ReAllocation 
Amount(i) 
(expressed as a 
percentage of the 
Specified 
Denomination) 
Trigger 
Barrier(i) 
(expressed as a 
percentage of 
the 
Initial 
Underlying 
Value) 
[●] 
[●]  
[●] 
 
(Repeat 
as 
necessar
y) 
(Repeat 
as 
necessary)] 
(Repeat 
as 
necessary)] 
j 
Coupon 
Amount 
Start Date 
(j) 
Coupon 
Amount 
End Date 
(j) 
Coupon 
Payment 
Date (j) 
[●] 
[●] 
[●] 
 
(Repeat 
as 
necessa
ry) 
(Repeat 
as 
necessary
)] 
(Repeat 
as 
necessary
)] 
 
 
 
 
(For Rate Linked Notes only) [VOL BOND is applicable. 
Cap: [Applicable]/[Not Applicable] 
 
Cap Level: [[●] per cent] (only if "Cap" 
applies)/[Not Applicable] 
 
Underlying Value0: [●]/[The underlying Value 
on the initial Coupon Observation Date] 
Leverage: [●]] 
 
 
 
[TWIN WIN: 
Floor: [●] 
Upper Barrier Level: [●] per cent of the Initial 
Underlying Value 
Lower Barrier Level: [●] per cent of the Initial 
Underlying Value 
Rebate: [●] per cent] 
 
 
PROVISIONS RELATING TO REDEMPTION 
24. 
Call Option 
[Applicable]/[Not Applicable] 
 
 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-paragraphs of 
this paragraph) 
 
(i) 
Optional Redemption Date(s): [●] 
 
(ii) 
Optional 
Redemption 
Amount(s) of each Note and 
[●] per [Note of [●] Specified Denomination]/[Calculation 
Amount]

--- Page 82 ---
82 
method, if any, of calculation 
of such amount(s): 
(N.B. Calculation Amount is applicable to Definitive Notes 
only.) 
 
(iii) 
If redeemable in part: 
[Applicable]/[Not Applicable] 
 
(a) 
Minimum 
nominal 
amount 
to 
be 
redeemed: 
[●]/[Not Applicable]  
 
(b) 
Maximum 
nominal 
amount 
to 
be 
redeemed: 
[●]/[Not Applicable] 
 
(iv) 
Notice period: 
[Minimum notice period: [●]] 
[Maximum notice period: [●]] 
 
 
(N.B. The Issuer is advised to consider the practicalities of 
distribution of information through intermediaries, for 
example, clearing systems and custodians, as well as any 
other notice requirements which may apply, for example, 
as between the Issuer and the Agent) 
25. 
Put Option 
[Applicable]/[Not Applicable] 
 
 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-paragraphs of 
this paragraph) 
 
(i) 
Optional Redemption Date(s): [●] 
 
(ii) 
Optional 
Redemption 
Amount(s) of each Note and 
method, if any, of calculation 
of such amount(s): 
[●] per [Note of [●] Specified Denomination]/[Calculation 
Amount] 
(N.B. Calculation Amount is applicable to Definitive Notes 
only.) 
 
(iii) 
Notice period: 
[●] 
 
 
(N.B. The Issuer is advised to consider the practicalities of 
distribution of information through intermediaries, for 
example, clearing systems and custodians, as well as any 
other notice requirements which may apply, for example, 
as between the Issuer and the Agent) 
26. 
Redemption Amount of each Note: 
 
 
(i) 
Final Redemption Amount of 
each Note payable on the 
Maturity Date: 
[Not Applicable] 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-paragraph of 
this paragraph) 
 
 
[[●] per [Note of [●] Specified Denomination]/[Calculation 
Amount]]/[The Final Redemption Amount as per the 
Payoff Formulae specified in item 21 above and the related 
provisions of the Payoff Annex] 
(N.B. Calculation Amount is applicable to Definitive Notes 
only.)  
 
(ii) 
Autocall Redemption Amount 
of each Note payable on an 
[Not Applicable]

--- Page 83 ---
83 
Autocall Early Redemption 
Date: 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-paragraph of 
this paragraph) 
 
 
[The Autocall Redemption Amount as per the Payoff 
Formulae specified in item 21 above and the related 
provisions of the Payoff Annex] 
 
(iii) 
Partial Redemption Amount 
of each Note payable on a 
Partial Redemption Date: 
[Not Applicable] 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-paragraph of 
this paragraph) 
 
 
[The Partial Redemption Amount as per the Payoff 
Formulae specified in item 21 above and the related 
provisions of the Payoff Annex] 
 
(iv) 
Instalment Amount of each 
Note payable on an Instalment 
Date: 
 
 
- 
Instalment Dates: 
[●] 
 
- 
Instalment 
Amounts: 
[●] 
 
[Instalment Date 
Instalment Amount 
[●] 
[●] 
(Repeat 
as 
necessary) 
(Repeat 
as 
necessary)] 
 
 
27. 
Early Redemption Amount 
 
 
(i) 
Early Redemption Amount(s) 
of each Note payable on 
redemption 
for 
taxation 
reasons (FATCA Withholding 
(Condition 6(e)), or on Event 
of Default (Condition 9) or 
other early redemption: 
[●]/[As per Condition 6(f)] 
 
(ii) 
Unmatured 
Coupons 
to 
become 
void 
upon 
early 
redemption (Condition 5(b)) 
(materialised bearer notes 
only): 
[Yes]/[No]/[Not Applicable] 
28. 
Illegality 
and 
Force 
Majeure 
(Condition 18 (Illegality and Force 
Majeure)): 
[Applicable]/[Not Applicable] 
29. 
Delivery Agent (Share Linked Notes 
subject to physical delivery): 
[●][Not Applicable] 
BENCHMARK PROVISIONS 
30. 
(i) 
Specified Public Source: 
[Not Applicable][●][As per the definition in 
the Note Conditions]

--- Page 84 ---
84 
(ii) 
Relevant Rate Benchmark: 
[Not Applicable][●][As per the definition in 
the Rate Annex]  
Impacted Index: 
[Not Applicable][●] (Specify an index, 
benchmark or price source) 
Alternative 
Pre-
Nominated Index: 
[Not Applicable] [●] (Specify one or more 
indices, benchmarks or other price sources) 
(iii) 
Relevant Index Benchmark: 
[Not Applicable][●][As per the definition in 
the Index Annex] 
Alternative 
Pre-
Nominated Index: 
[Not Applicable] [●] (Specify one or more 
indices, benchmarks or other price sources) 
(iv) 
Relevant 
Inflation 
Index 
Benchmark: 
[Not Applicable][●][As per the definition in 
the Inflation Annex] 
Alternative 
Pre-
Nominated Index: 
[Not Applicable] [●] (Specify one or more 
indices, benchmarks or other price sources) 
(v) 
Relevant 
Commodity 
Index 
Benchmark: 
[Not Applicable][●][As per the definition in 
the Commodity Annex] 
Alternative 
Pre-
Nominated Index: 
[Not Applicable] [●] (Specify one or more 
indices, benchmarks or other price sources) 
GENERAL PROVISIONS APPLICABLE TO THE NOTES 
31. 
(i) 
Form: 
[Temporary Global Note exchangeable for a 
Permanent Global Note which is exchangeable for 
Definitive Notes [on 60 days’ notice given at any 
time/only upon an Exchange Event]] 
 
 
[Temporary 
Global 
Note 
exchangeable for 
Definitive Notes on and after the Exchange Date] 
 
 
[Permanent 
Global 
Note 
exchangeable 
for 
Definitive Notes [on 60 days’ notice given at any 
time/only upon an Exchange Event/at any time at 
the request of the Issuer]] 
 
 
[Notes shall not be physically delivered in Belgium, 
except to a clearing system, a depository or other 
institution for the purpose of their immobilisation 
in accordance with article 4 of the Belgian Law of 
14 December 2005] 
 
 
(Ensure that this is consistent with the wording in 
the "Form of the Notes" section in the Base 
Prospectus and the Notes themselves. N.B. The 
exchange upon notice/at any time options should 
not be expressed to be applicable if the Specified 
Denomination of the Notes in paragraph 7 includes 
language substantially to the following effect: 
"[€50,000]/[€100,000] and integral multiples of 
[€1,000] in excess thereof up to and including 
[€99,000]./[€199,000]." 
Furthermore, 
such 
Specified Denomination construction is not

--- Page 85 ---
85 
permitted in relation to any issue of Notes which is 
to be represented on issue by a Temporary Global 
Note exchangeable for Definitive Notes.) 
 
(ii) 
New Global Note: 
[Yes]/[No] 
32. 
Talons for future Coupons or Receipts 
to be attached to Definitive Notes (and 
dates on which such Talons mature): 
[Yes. As the Notes have more than 27 coupon 
payments, Talons may be required if, on exchange 
into Definitive Notes, more than 27 coupon 
payments are still to be made.]/[No]/[Not 
Applicable] (Only applicable to Definitive Notes) 
33. 
Details relating to Instalment Notes:  
[Applicable]/[Not Applicable] 
 
 
(if not applicable, delete the remaining sub-
paragraphs of this paragraph) 
 
(i) 
Instalment Amount(s): 
[●] 
 
(ii) 
Instalment Date(s): 
[●] 
34. 
Redenomination provisions 
(Condition 2): 
[Applicable]/[Not Applicable] 
DISTRIBUTION (Items identified below with *** are not required for Notes with a denomination 
of at least € 100,000 (or the equivalent in any other currency)) 
35. 
(i) 
Method of distribution: 
[Syndicated]/[Non-syndicated] 
 
(ii) 
If syndicated, names [and 
addresses***] of Managers 
[and 
underwriting 
commitments***]: 
[Not Applicable]/[give names[, addresses and 
underwriting commitments***]] 
(Include names and addresses of entities agreeing 
to underwrite the issue on a firm commitment basis 
and names and addresses of the entities agreeing 
to place the issue without a firm commitment or on 
a "best efforts" basis if such entities are not the 
same as the Dealers.)*** 
 
(iii) 
[Date 
of 
[Subscription] 
Agreement: 
[●]***] 
 
(iv) 
Stabilising 
Manager(s) 
(if 
any): 
[Not Applicable]/[(give name)] 
 
(v) 
If non-syndicated, name [and 
address***] of Dealer: 
[Not Applicable]/[(give name [and address***])] 
 
(vi) 
[Total 
commission 
and 
concession***: 
[●] per cent. of the Aggregate Nominal 
Amount***] 
36. 
U.S. Selling Restrictions: 
[Reg. S Compliance Category; TEFRA D/TEFRA 
C]/[TEFRA not applicable] 
37. 
Additional Business Centre(s): 
[●] 
38. 
CNY Settlement Centre(s): 
[●] 
39. 
Non-Exempt Offer: 
[Not Applicable]  
[Applicable. An offer of the Notes may be made by 
the Dealers [and [(specify, if applicable)]] [and any

--- Page 86 ---
86 
additional financial intermediaries who have or 
obtain the Issuer’s [specific] consent to use the 
Base Prospectus in connection with the Non-
exempt Offer and who are identified on [the 
website at www.[●]] other than pursuant to article 
1(4) and/or article 3(2) of the Prospectus 
Regulation 
in 
[Luxembourg] 
[France][Spain][Italy][(specify relevant Member 
State(s) - which must be jurisdictions where the 
Prospectus and any supplements have been 
approved or passported)] (the Non-exempt Offer 
Jurisdictions) [during the period from [(specify 
date)] until [(specify date)] (the Offer Period)]. 
(Only required for Notes with a denomination of 
less than €100,000 (or its equivalent in any other 
currency)). 
40. 
Prohibition of Sales to EEA Retail 
Investors: 
[Applicable][Not Applicable] 
(If, for the purpose of the PRIIPs Regulation, the 
Notes do not constitute "packaged" products or the 
Notes do constitute "packaged" products and a key 
information document will be prepared, "Not 
Applicable" should be specified. If the Notes may 
constitute "packaged" products and no key 
information 
document 
will 
be 
prepared, 
"Applicable" should be specified.) 
 
 
Prohibition of Sales to UK Retail 
Investors:  
 
[Applicable][Not Applicable] 
(If the Notes do not constitute "packaged" products 
or the Notes do constitute "packaged" products for 
the purpose of the UK PRIIPs Regulation and a key 
information document will be prepared, "Not 
Applicable" should be specified. If the Notes may 
constitute "packaged" products and no key 
information 
document 
will 
be 
prepared, 
"Applicable" should be specified.)

--- Page 87 ---
87 
THIRD PARTY INFORMATION 
[Relevant third party information] has been extracted from [specify source]. The Issuer confirms that 
such information has been accurately reproduced and that, so far as it is aware and is able to ascertain 
from information published by [specify source], no facts have been omitted which would render the 
reproduced information inaccurate or misleading.] 
Signed on behalf of Edmond de Rothschild (France): 
Duly represented by: 
[●]

--- Page 88 ---
88 
PART B - OTHER INFORMATION 
 
1. 
LISTING AND ADMISSION TO TRADING 
Listing and admission to trading: 
[Application has been made by the Issuer (or on its 
behalf) for the Notes to be admitted to trading on 
the regulated market of [the Luxembourg Stock 
Exchange]/[(specify)], and to be listed on 
[the Official List of the Luxembourg Stock 
Exchange]/[(specify)] 
with 
effect 
from 
[●].]/[Application is expected to be made by the 
Issuer (or on its behalf) for the Notes to be admitted 
to 
trading 
on 
the 
regulated 
market 
of 
[the Luxembourg Stock Exchange]/[(specify)], and 
to be listed on [the Official List of the Luxembourg 
Stock Exchange]/[(specify)] with effect from 
[●].]/[Not Applicable] 
 
 
(If fungible with an existing tranche(s) of the same 
Series, insert the following:) [The Original Notes 
have been admitted to trading on the regulated 
market 
of 
[the 
Luxembourg 
Stock 
Exchange]/[(specify)], and to be listed on [the 
Official 
List 
of 
the 
Luxembourg 
Stock 
Exchange]/[(specify)], with effect from the Issue 
Date of the Original Notes, [insert issue date of 
existing tranche(s)]] 
[Estimate of total expenses related to admission 
to trading: 
[●]] (Only applicable to Notes which have 
denomination per unit at least equal to EUR 
100,000) 
2. 
RATINGS 
 
Ratings: 
[Not Applicable - The Notes to be issued have not 
been rated] 
 
 
[The Notes to be issued [have been]/[are expected 
to be] rated:]/[The following ratings reflect ratings 
assigned to Notes of this type issued under the 
Programme generally:] 
[S&P: [●]] 
[Moody’s: [●]] 
[Fitch: [●]] 
[[Other]: [●]] 
(Need to include a brief explanation of the meaning 
of the ratings if this has previously been published 
by the rating provider. The above disclosure 
should reflect the rating allocated to Notes of the 
type being issued under the Programme generally 
or, where the issue has been specifically rated, that 
rating) 
 
 
Insert one (or more) of the following options, as 
applicable: 
 
 
[[Insert legal name of credit rating agency/ies] 
[is]/[are] established in the European Union and 
registered under Regulation (EC) No. 1060/2009 
as amended from time to time (the CRA

--- Page 89 ---
89 
Regulation). As such [Insert legal name of credit 
rating agency/ies] [is]/[are] included in the list of 
credit rating agencies published by the European 
Notes and Markets Authority on its website in 
accordance with the CRA Regulation.] 
 
 
[[Insert legal name of credit rating agency/ies] 
[is]/[are] established in the European Union and 
Regulation (EC) No. 1060/2009 as amended from 
time to time (the CRA Regulation), although 
notification of the corresponding registration 
decision has not yet been provided by the relevant 
competent authority.] 
 
 
[[Insert legal name of credit rating agency/ies] 
[is]/[are] not established in the European Union but 
[is]/[are] endorsed by [insert legal name of credit 
rating agency/ies], which [is]/[are] established in 
the European Union and registered under 
Regulation (EC) No. 1060/2009 as amended from 
time to time (the CRA Regulation).] 
 
 
[[Insert legal name of credit rating agency/ies] 
[is]/[are] not established in the European Union 
and [is]/[are] not endorsed under Regulation (EC) 
No. 1060/2009 as amended from time to time (the 
CRA Regulation) but [is]/[are] certified under the 
CRA Regulation.] 
 
 
[[Insert legal name of credit rating agency/ies] 
[is]/[are] not established in the European Union 
and [has]/[have] not applied for registration under 
Regulation (EC) No. 1060/2009.] 
3. 
NOTIFICATION 
 
[Not Applicable]/[The Commission de Surveillance du Secteur Financier in Luxembourg [has been 
requested to provide]/[has provided] (include first alternative for an issue which is contemporaneous 
with the establishment or update of the Programme and the second alternative for subsequent issues) 
the [include names of competent authorities of host Member States] with a certificate of approval 
attesting that the Base Prospectus has been drawn up in accordance with the Prospectus Regulation.] 
4. 
INTERESTS OF NATURAL AND LEGAL PERSONS INVOLVED IN THE 
[ISSUE]/[OFFER] 
(Need to include a description of any interest, including conflicting ones, that is material to 
the issue/offer, detailing the persons involved and the nature of the interest. May be satisfied 
by the inclusion of the following statement:) 
[Save for [any fees payable to the [Managers/Dealers], ]so far as the Issuer is aware, no 
person involved in the issue of the Notes has an interest material to the offer.]/[●] 
(When adding any other description, consideration should be given as to whether such 
matters described constitute "significant new factors" and consequently trigger the need for 
a supplement to the Base Prospectus under Article 23 of the Prospectus Regulation.) 
5. 
REASONS FOR THE OFFER, ESTIMATED NET PROCEEDS AND TOTAL 
EXPENSES 
 
(i) 
Reasons for the offer: 
[●][Not Applicable]

--- Page 90 ---
90 
 
 
(See "Use of Proceeds" wording in Base 
Prospectus - if reasons for offer different from 
making profit and/or hedging certain risks will 
need to include those reasons here.) 
 
(ii) 
Estimated net proceeds: 
[●] 
 
 
(If proceeds are intended for more than one use, 
proceeds will need to be split out and presented in 
order of priority. If proceeds insufficient to fund all 
proposed uses state amount and sources of other 
funding.) 
 
(iii) 
Estimated total expenses: 
[Not applicable]/[●] 
(Expenses are required to be broken down into 
each principal intended "use" and presented in 
order of priority of such "uses".) 
(Not required for Notes with a denomination per 
unit of at least €100,000 or its equivalent in 
another currency)  
6. 
YIELD 
 
 
Indication of yield: [Not Applicable]/ (for Fixed Rate Notes only) [●]. 
7. 
HISTORIC INTEREST RATES 
 
 
[Not Applicable]/(For Floating Rate Notes with a denomination per unit of less than EUR 
100,000 only) [Details of historic [EURIBOR]/[SONIA]/[SOFR]/[€STER]/[specify other] 
rates 
can 
be 
obtained 
from 
the 
[specify 
relevant 
screen 
page] 
of 
the 
[Reuters]/[Telerate]/[Bloomberg] service.] 
8. 
PERFORMANCE OF THE UNDERLYING 
 
[Not Applicable]/(For Rate Linked Notes, Index Linked Notes, Inflation Linked Notes, Share 
Linked Notes, Fund Linked Notes, ETF Linked Notes, Commodity Linked Notes or Multi-
Asset Basket Linked Notes) 
 
[Name 
of 
[Benchmark 
Rate][Index]/[Inflation 
Index]/[Share]/[Fund]/[ETF]/[Indexes
]/[Inflation 
Indices]/[Shares]/[Funds]/[Commodit
y]/[Commodity 
Index][Commodities][Commodity 
Indices][ETFs]: 
[●] 
[In case of Indexes or Index, include details of 
where the information about the Index(es) can be 
obtained] 
 
Information 
on 
[Benchmark 
Rate][Index]/[Inflation 
Index]/[Share]/[Fund]/[ETF]/[Indexes
]/[Shares]/[Funds]/[Commodity]/[Co
mmodity 
Index][Commodities][Commodity 
Indices][ETFs]: 
[indication where information about the past and 
the further performance of the underlying and its 
volatility can be obtained] 
 
[The underlying is a basket of 
[Indexes]/[Shares]/[Funds]/[Commodi
ties][Commodity Indices][ETFs]: 
[disclosure of relevant weightings of each 
underlying in the basket]]]

--- Page 91 ---
91 
 
[For the avoidance of doubt, the [Commodity][Index][Indices][is][are] not composed by the 
Issuer or by any legal entity belonging to its group and [is][are] not provided by a legal entity 
or natural person acting on behalf of or in association of the Issuer.] 
9. 
POST-ISSUANCE INFORMATION CONCERNING THE UNDERLYING 
 
[Not Applicable]/[Indicate whether or not the Issuer intends to provide post-issuance 
information concerning the underlying. If the Issuer intends to report such information, 
specify what information will be reported and where such information can be obtained.] 
10. 
EU BENCHMARKS REGULATION 
 
EU Benchmarks Regulation: Article 
29(2) statement on benchmarks: 
[Not Applicable][Applicable: Amounts payable 
under the Notes are calculated by reference to 
[insert name[s] of benchmark(s)], which [is/are] 
provided 
by 
[insert 
name[s] 
of 
the 
administrator[s] – if more than one specify in 
relation to each relevant benchmark]. 
[As at the date of these Final Terms, [insert 
name[s] of the administrator[s]] [is/are] [not] 
included in the register of administrators and 
benchmarks established and maintained by [the 
European Securities and Markets Authority 
(ESMA)][ESMA] pursuant to article 36 of [the 
Benchmarks Regulation (Regulation (EU) No. 
2016/1011) (the Benchmarks Regulation)][the 
Benchmarks Regulation].] (Repeat as necessary)]] 
 
11. 
(Only required for Notes with a denomination of less than €100,000 (or its equivalent in any 
other currency) and not issued pursuant to an exemption under Article 1(4)of the Prospectus 
Regulation) [TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THE OFFER 
 
(i) 
Offer Price: 
[Issue Price][●] 
[(with the Issue Price per Note being payable in 
[(insert relevant currency)] and converted in the 
Specified Currency at the [(describe relevant 
exchange rate)] exchange rate displayed on 
[(described relevant price source)] at [(insert 
relevant time)], on [the [relevant] Trade Date][●], 
i.e. [(quote relevant exchange rate)]] 
 
(ii) 
Conditions to which the offer 
is subject: 
[Not Applicable][●] 
 
(iii) 
Total amount of the securities 
offered to the public/admitted 
to trading; if the amount is not 
fixed, an indication of the 
maximum amount of the 
securities to be offered (if 
available) and a description of 
the arrangements and time for 
announcing to the public the 
definitive amount of the offer: 
[●] 
 
(iv) 
The time period, including 
any possible amendments, 
during which the offer will be 
[●]

--- Page 92 ---
92 
open and description of the 
application process: 
(Give details including the time period, and any 
possible amendments, during which the offer will 
be open) 
 
(v) 
Description of the possibility 
to reduce subscriptions and 
manner for refunding amounts 
paid in excess by applicants: 
[Not Applicable][●] 
 
(vi) 
Details 
of 
the 
minimum 
and/or maximum amount of 
the application (whether in 
number of notes or aggregate 
amount to invest): 
[Not Applicable][●] 
 
(vii) 
Details of the method and 
time limits for paying up and 
delivering the Notes: 
[●] 
 
(viii) 
A full description of the 
manner in and date on which 
results of the offer are to be 
made public: 
[●] 
 
(ix) 
Procedure for exercise of any 
right 
of 
pre-emption, 
negotiability of subscription 
rights 
and 
treatment 
of 
subscription 
rights 
not 
exercised: 
[●] 
 
(x) 
The various categories of 
potential investors to which 
the securities are offered: 
[●] 
 
(xi) 
Whether a tranche has been or 
is being reserved for certain 
countries, indicate any such 
tranche: 
[Not Applicable][●] 
 
(xii) 
Process 
for 
notifying 
applicants of the amount 
allotted and an indication 
whether dealing may begin 
before notification is made: 
[Not Applicable][●] 
 
(xiii) 
Indication of the amount of 
any 
expenses 
and 
taxes 
charged to the subscriber or 
purchaser: 
[Not Applicable][●] 
(If the Issuer is subject to MiFID II and/or the 
PRIIPs Regulation such that it is required to 
disclose information relating to costs and charges, 
also include that information) 
 
(xiv) 
In the case of admission to 
trading on a regulated market, 
the name and address of the 
entities which have a firm 
commitment 
to 
act 
as 
intermediaries in secondary 
trading, providing liquidity 
[●]

--- Page 93 ---
93 
through bid and offer rates 
and description of the main 
terms of their commitments: 
 
(xv) 
Non-Exempt Offer Consent of 
the Issuer to use the Base 
Prospectus during the Offer 
Period: 
[Not Applicable][Applicable. An offer of the Notes 
may be made by [the Dealers] [and [(specify, if 
applicable)] (the Initial Authorised Offeror)] 
[and any additional financial intermediaries who 
have or obtain the Issuer's [specific] consent to use 
the Base Prospectus in connection with the Non-
exempt Offer and who are identified on [the 
website at www.[●] (the Additional Authorised 
Offeror)] 
[and 
any 
additional 
financial 
intermediaries who have or obtain the issuer's 
general consent to use the Base Prospectus in 
connection with the Non-exempt Offer and who are 
identified on [the website at www.[●] (the 
General Authorised Offeror)] (together, the 
Authorised Offerors) other than pursuant to 
Articles 1(4) and/or 3(2) of the Prospectus 
Regulation 
in 
[Luxembourg][France][Italy][Spain][(specify 
relevant State(s) - which must be jurisdictions 
where the Base Prospectus and any supplements 
have been approved or passported)] (the Non-
exempt Non-exempt Offer Jurisdictions) during 
the period from [(specify date)] until [(specify 
date)] (the Offer Period).] (Only required for 
Notes with a denomination of less than €100,000 
(or its equivalent in any other currency) 
 
(xvi) 
Conditions attached to the 
consent of the Issuer to use the 
Base Prospectus: 
[Not Applicable] 
[General Consent] 
[Specific Consent] 
 
(xvii) Authorised Offeror(s): 
[Not Applicable][Applicable] 
[(Insert name(s) and address(es) of the financial 
intermediary(ies) appointed by the Issuer to act as 
Initial Authorised Offeror(s))] 
[To the extent it satisfies the conditions set out 
under ["Retail Cascades" in the Base Prospectus][ 
and ][the section "Other conditions to consent" 
below]. 
[and] 
[Any additional financial intermediary appointed 
by the Issuer and as identified on [the website at 
www.[●]] (the Additional Authorised Offeror)] 
[and] 
[Any additional financial intermediary which 
satisfies the conditions set out under ["Retail 
Cascades" in the Base Prospectus][ and ][the

--- Page 94 ---
94 
section "Other conditions to consent" below] (the 
General Authorised Offeror).] 
 
(xviii) Other conditions to consent: 
[Not Applicable][●] 
(Where the Issuer has given a "General Consent" 
to any financial intermediary to use the Base 
Prospectus, specify any additional conditions to 
consent or any condition replacing the conditions 
set under "Retail Cascades" in the Base 
Prospectus.) 
(Where the Issuer has given a "Specific Consent" 
to a financial intermediary to use the Base 
Prospectus, specify any applicable conditions to 
consent.) 
(Where 
Authorised 
Offeror(s) 
have 
been 
designated 
herein, 
specify 
any 
applicable 
conditions to consent.) 
12. 
OPERATIONAL INFORMATION 
 
 
(i) 
ISIN Code: 
[●] 
(If fungible with an existing tranche(s) of the same 
Series, insert the following: Temporary number 
[insert temporary number] will apply until the 
Exchange Date, and from such date, permanent 
number [insert existing number]) 
 
(ii) 
Common Code:  
[●] 
(If fungible with an existing tranche(s) of the same 
Series, insert the following:) [Temporary number 
[insert temporary number] will apply until the 
Exchange Date, and from such date, permanent 
number [insert existing number]] 
 
(iii) 
Any clearing system(s) other 
than 
Euroclear 
and 
Clearstream and the relevant 
identification number(s): 
[Not Applicable]/[give name(s, identification 
number(s) and addresses] 
 
(iv) 
Delivery: 
Delivery [against]/[free of] payment 
 
(v) 
Names 
and 
addresses 
of 
additional Paying Agent(s) (if 
any): 
[●]/[Not Applicable] 
 
(vi) 
Intended to be held in a 
manner which would allow 
Eurosystem eligibility: 
[Yes. Note that the designation "yes" simply means 
that the Notes are intended upon issue to be 
deposited with one of the international central 
securities depositaries as common safekeeper and 
does not necessarily mean that the Notes will be 
recognized as eligible collateral for Eurosystem 
monetary policy and intraday credit operations by 
the Eurosystem either upon issue or at any or all 
times during their life. Such recognition will 
depend upon the European Central Bank being

--- Page 95 ---
95 
satisfied that Eurosystem eligibility criteria have 
been met.] 
[No. Whilst the designation is specified as "no" at 
the date of these Final Terms, should the 
Eurosystem eligibility criteria be amended in the 
future such that the Notes are capable of meeting 
them the Notes may then be deposited with one of 
the international central securities depositaries as 
common safekeeper. Note that this does not 
necessarily mean that the Notes will then be 
recognised as eligible collateral for Eurosystem 
monetary policy and intraday credit operations by 
the Eurosystem at any time during their life. Such 
recognition will depend upon the European Central 
Bank being satisfied that Eurosystem eligibility 
criteria have been met.] 
13. 
INDEX DISCLAIMER 
[Not Applicable][(Insert relevant index disclaimer 
required by the index sponsor)]

--- Page 96 ---
96 
[ANNEX [A] 
SUMMARY 
(ISSUER TO ANNEX SUMMARY TO THE FINAL TERMS HAVING COMPLETED THE 
RELEVANT ELEMENTS IN ACCORDANCE WITH THE SPECIFIC CONDITIONS OF 
THE NOTES)]  
(Only required for Notes with a denomination of less than €100,000 (or its equivalent in any other 
currency))

--- Page 97 ---
97 
TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THE NOTES 
The following are the Terms and Conditions of the Notes (the Terms and Conditions) to be issued by 
the Issuer, which will be incorporated by reference into each Global Note and each Definitive Note, in 
the latter case only if permitted by the relevant regulated market (if any) and agreed with the Issuer and 
the relevant Purchaser(s) at the time of issue, but, if not so permitted and agreed, such Definitive Note 
will have endorsed upon or attached thereto such Terms and Conditions. The applicable Final Terms 
(or the relevant provisions thereof) will be endorsed upon, or attached to, each Temporary Global Note, 
Permanent Global Note and Definitive Note. Reference should be made to "Form of Final Terms" above 
for a description of the content of Final Terms which will include the definitions of certain terms used 
in the following Terms and Conditions or specify which of such terms are to apply in relation to the 
relevant Notes.  
This Note is one of a series of Notes issued by Edmond de Rothschild (France) (the Issuer) pursuant to 
the Agency Agreement (as defined below). References herein to the Notes shall be references to the 
Notes of this Series (as defined below) and shall mean: 
(i) 
in relation to any Notes represented by a temporary global Note (a Temporary Global Note) 
or a permanent global Note (a Permanent Global Note and, together with a Temporary 
Global Note, the Global Notes), units of the lowest denomination(s) of such Notes in the 
currency or currencies in which payment in respect of such Notes is to be made (the Specified 
Currency);  
(ii) 
definitive Notes (Definitive Notes) issued in exchange (or partial exchange) for a Global Note; 
and  
(iii) 
any Global Note.  
The Notes, the Receipts (as defined below), and the Coupons (as defined below) also have the benefit 
of an amended and restated Agency Agreement dated 12 July 2023 (the Agency Agreement, which 
expression shall include such agreement as it may be amended or modified as at the time the Notes are 
issued) between the Issuer, Banque Internationale à Luxembourg, société anonyme as principal paying 
agent and agent bank (the Agent, which expression shall include any successor agent specified in the 
applicable Final Terms) and Edmond de Rothschild (Europe) as paying agent (together with the Agent, 
the Paying Agents, which expression shall include any additional or successor paying agents). 
Interest bearing Definitive Notes (unless otherwise indicated in the applicable Final Terms) have interest 
coupons (Coupons) and, in the case of Notes which, when issued as Definitive Notes, have more than 
27 interest payments remaining, talons for further Coupons (Talons) attached on issue. Any reference 
herein to Coupons or coupons, unless the context otherwise requires, shall be deemed to include a 
reference to Talons or talons. Definitive Notes repayable in instalments have receipts (Receipts) for the 
payment of the instalments of principal (other than the final instalment) attached on issue. 
The final terms for this Note (or the relevant provisions thereof) are set out in Part A of the Final Terms 
attached hereto or endorsed hereon and complete these Terms and Conditions. References herein to the 
applicable Final Terms are to the Final Terms (or the relevant provisions thereof) attached hereto or 
endorsed hereon. 
Any reference herein to Noteholders shall mean the holders of the Notes, and, in relation to any Notes 
represented by a Global Note, shall be construed as provided below. Any reference herein to 
Receiptholders shall mean the holders of the Receipts, and any reference herein to Couponholders 
shall mean the holders of the Coupons, and, unless the context otherwise requires, shall include the 
holders of the Talons. 
As used herein, Tranche means Notes which are identical in all respects (including as to listing), and 
Series means a Tranche of Notes together with any further Tranche or Tranches of Notes which are 
(i) expressed to be consolidated and form a single series and (ii) identical in all respects (including as to 
listing) except for their respective Issue Dates, Interest Commencement Dates and/or Issue Prices.

--- Page 98 ---
98 
The Noteholders, the Receiptholders and the Couponholders are entitled to the benefit of the Deed of 
Covenant (such Deed of Covenant as modified and/or supplemented and/or restated from time to time, 
the Deed of Covenant) dated 12 July 2023 made by the Issuer. The original of the Deed of Covenant is 
held by a common depositary on behalf of Euroclear (as defined below) and Clearstream (as defined 
below). 
Copies of the Agency Agreement, the Final Terms applicable to this Note and the Deed of Covenant 
are available for inspection during normal business hours at the specified office of each of the Agent 
and the other Paying Agents. Copies of the Final Terms are obtainable from the Agent and the other 
Paying Agents upon the written request of a Noteholder, save that if a series of Notes is neither admitted 
to trading on a regulated market in the European Economic Area nor offered in the European Economic 
Area in circumstances where a prospectus is required to be published under Regulation EU 2017/1129 
(as amended or superseded), Final Terms will be available for inspection, and copies thereof obtainable, 
only by a Noteholder holding one or more unlisted Notes of that Series and such Noteholder must 
produce evidence satisfactory to the relevant Paying Agent as to identity. If the Notes are to be admitted 
to trading on the regulated market of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange, the applicable Final Terms will 
be published on the website of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange (www.luxse.com). The Noteholders, 
the Receiptholders and the Couponholders are deemed to have notice of and are entitled to the benefit 
of, all the provisions of the Deed of Covenant, the Agency Agreement and the applicable Final Terms 
which are binding on them. 
The Agency Agreement, contains, inter alia, provisions (i) for the issue and exchange of Notes, for the 
convening of meetings of Noteholders and the issue of voting certificates and block voting instructions 
in connection therewith, (ii) for making the form of Put Notice available to holders of Notes in the case 
of Notes the Conditions of which provide for redemption at the option of the Noteholders, (iii) for 
receiving and communicating notices from any Noteholder or to the Noteholders, and (iv) for notice to 
the Noteholders of a change in Paying Agent or Agent or the specified office thereof. With respect to 
the Noteholders, this Base Prospectus contains all information material to them relating to the Agency 
Agreement. 
Words and expressions defined in the Agency Agreement or used in the applicable Final Terms shall 
have the same meanings where used in these Terms and Conditions unless the context otherwise requires 
or unless otherwise stated and provided that, in the event of inconsistency between the Agency 
Agreement and the applicable Final Terms, the applicable Final Terms will prevail. 
For the purpose of these Terms and Conditions, Regulated Market means any regulated market situated 
in a Member State of the European Economic Area as defined in Directive 2014/65/EU (as amended) 
and as listed on the website of Europa: 
(https://registers.esma.europa.eu/publication/searchRegister?core=esma_registers_upreg). 
1. 
FORM, DENOMINATION AND TITLE 
The Notes are in bearer form and, in the case of Definitive Notes, serially numbered, in the 
Specified Currency and the Specified Denomination(s) (as defined below). Notes of one 
Specified Denomination may not be exchanged for Notes of another Specified Denomination. 
Notes shall be issued in the specified denomination(s) as set out in the relevant Final Terms (the 
Specified Denomination(s)) save that the minimum denomination of each Note listed and 
admitted to trading on a Regulated Market in a Member State of the European Economic Area 
in circumstances which require the publication of a prospectus under the Prospectus Regulation 
will be €1,000 (or, if the Notes are denominated in a currency other than Euro, the equivalent 
amount in such currency at the issue date) or such other higher amount as may be allowed or 
required from time to time by the relevant central bank (or equivalent body) or any laws or 
regulations applicable to the relevant Specified Currency. The Notes shall be issued in one 
Specified Denomination only. 
This Note is a Fixed Rate Note, a Floating Rate Note, a Zero Coupon Note, a Rate Linked Note, 
an Index Linked Note, an Inflation Linked Note, a Share Linked Note, a Fund Linked Note, an

--- Page 99 ---
99 
ETF Linked Note, a Commodity Linked Note, a Multi-Asset Basket Linked Note or a 
combination of any of the foregoing, as specified in the applicable Final Terms.  
Definitive Notes are issued with Coupons attached, unless they are Zero Coupon Notes, in 
which case references to Coupons and Couponholders in these Terms and Conditions are not 
applicable. 
Subject as set out below, title to the Notes, Receipts and Coupons will pass by delivery. The 
Issuer and any Paying Agent may deem and treat the bearer of any Note, Receipt or Coupon as 
the absolute owner thereof (whether or not overdue and notwithstanding any notice of 
ownership or writing thereon or notice of any previous loss or theft thereof) for all purposes 
but, in the case of any Global Note, without prejudice to the provisions set out in the next 
succeeding paragraph. 
For as long as any of the Notes is represented by a Global Note held on behalf of Euroclear 
Bank SA/NV (Euroclear) and/or Clearstream Banking, SA (Clearstream), each person (other 
than Euroclear or Clearstream), who is for the time being shown in the records of Euroclear or 
Clearstream as the holder of a particular nominal amount of such Notes (in which regard any 
certificate or other document issued by Euroclear or Clearstream as to the nominal amount of 
such Notes standing to the account of any person shall be conclusive and binding for all 
purposes save in the case of manifest error) shall be treated by the Issuer and any Paying Agent 
as the holder of such nominal amount of such Notes for all purposes other than with respect to 
the payment of principal or interest on the Notes, for which purpose the bearer of the relevant 
Global Note shall be treated by the Issuer and any Paying Agent as the holder of such Notes in 
accordance with and subject to the terms of the relevant Global Note (and the expressions 
Noteholder and holder of Notes and related expressions shall be construed accordingly). Notes 
which are represented by a Global Note will be transferable only in accordance with the rules 
and procedures for the time being of Euroclear or Clearstream, as the case may be.  
References to Euroclear and/or Clearstream, whenever the context so permits, shall be deemed 
to include a reference to any additional or alternative clearing system, approved by the Issuer 
and the Agent. 
2. 
REDENOMINATION 
Notes denominated in a currency that may be converted into Euro may be subject to 
redenomination, renominalisation and/or consolidation with other Notes denominated in Euro. 
Where redenomination is specified in the applicable Final Terms as being applicable, the Issuer 
may, without the consent of the Noteholders, the Receiptholders and the Couponholders, on 
giving prior notice to the Agent, Euroclear and Clearstream and at least 30 days’ prior notice to 
the Noteholders in accordance with Condition 13, elect that, with effect from the 
Redenomination Date specified in the notice, the Notes shall be redenominated in euro. 
The election will have effect as follows: 
(a) 
the Notes and the Receipts shall be deemed to be redenominated into euro in the 
denomination of euro 0.01 with a principal amount for each Note and Receipt equal to 
the principal amount of that Note or Receipt in the Specified Currency, converted into 
euro at the Established Rate, provided that, if the Issuer determines, with the agreement 
of the Agent, that the then market practice in respect of the redenomination into euro 
of internationally offered securities is different from the provisions specified above, 
such provisions shall be deemed to be amended so as to comply with such market 
practice and the Issuer shall promptly notify the Noteholders, the stock exchange (if 
any) on which the Notes may be listed and the Paying Agents of such deemed 
amendments; 
(b) 
save to the extent that an Exchange Notice has been given in accordance with paragraph 
(d) below, the amount of interest due in respect of the Notes will be calculated by 
reference to the aggregate principal amount of Notes held (or, as the case may be, in

--- Page 100 ---
100 
respect of which Coupons are presented) for payment by the relevant holder and the 
amount of such payment shall be rounded down to the nearest euro 0.01; 
(c) 
if Definitive Notes are required to be issued after the Redenomination Date, they shall 
be issued at the expense of the Issuer in the denominations of euro 1,000, euro 10,000, 
euro 100,000 and (but only to the extent of any remaining amounts less than euro 1,000 
or such smaller denominations as the Agent may approve) euro 0.01 and such other 
denominations as the Agent shall determine and notify to the Noteholders; 
(d) 
if issued prior to the Redenomination Date, all unmatured Coupons denominated in the 
Specified Currency (whether or not attached to the Notes) will become void with effect 
from the date on which the Issuer gives notice (the Exchange Notice) that replacement 
euro denominated Notes, Receipts and Coupons are available for exchange (provided 
that such securities are so available) and no payments will be made in respect of them. 
The payment obligations contained in any Notes and Receipts so issued will also 
become void on that date although those Notes and Receipts will continue to constitute 
valid exchange obligations of the Issuer. New euro-denominated Notes, Receipts and 
Coupons will be issued in exchange for Notes, Receipts and Coupons denominated in 
the Specified Currency in such manner as the Agent may specify and as shall be notified 
to the Noteholders in the Exchange Notice. No Exchange Notice may be given less than 
15 days prior to any date for payment of principal or interest on the Notes; 
(e) 
after the Redenomination Date, all payments in respect of the Notes, the Receipts and 
the Coupons, other than payments of interest in respect of periods commencing before 
the Redenomination Date, will be made solely in euro as though references in the Notes 
to the Specified Currency were to euro. Payments will be made in euro by credit or 
transfer to a euro account (or any other account to which euro may be credited or 
transferred) specified by the payee; 
(f) 
if the Notes are Fixed Rate Notes and interest for any period ending on or after the 
Redenomination Date is required to be calculated for a period ending other than on a 
Fixed Interest Date, it will be calculated: 
(i) 
in the case of the Notes represented by a Global Note, by applying the Rate of 
Interest to the aggregate outstanding nominal amount of the Notes represented 
by such Global Note; and 
(ii) 
in the case of Definitive Notes, by applying the Rate of Interest to the 
Calculation Amount, 
and, in each case, multiplying such sum by the applicable Day Count Fraction, and 
rounding the resultant figure to the nearest sub-unit of the relevant Specified Currency, 
half of any such sub-unit being rounded upwards or otherwise in accordance with 
applicable market convention. Where the Specified Denomination of a Fixed Rate Note 
which is a Definitive Note is a multiple of the Calculation Amount, the amount of 
interest payable in respect of such Fixed Rate Note shall be the product of the amount 
determined in the manner provided above for the Calculation Amount and the amount 
by which the Calculation Amount is multiplied to reach the Specified Denomination, 
without any further rounding; and 
(g) 
if the Notes are Floating Rate Notes, the Issuer may, with the approval of the Principal 
Paying Agent, without the consent of the Noteholders, make any changes or addition 
to these terms and conditions (including without limitation, any change to any 
applicable business day definition, business day convention, principal financial centre, 
interest accrual basis or benchmark), taking into account market practice in respect of 
redenominated euromarket debt obligations and which it believes is not prejudicial to 
the interests of such holder. Any changes or additions shall, in the absence of manifest 
error be binding on the Noteholders and shall be notified to the Noteholders in 
accordance with Condition 13 as soon as practicable thereafter.

--- Page 101 ---
101 
In these Conditions, the following expressions have the following meanings: 
Established Rate means the rate for the conversion of the Specified Currency (including 
compliance with rules relating to roundings in accordance with applicable European Union 
regulations) into euro established by the Council of the European Union pursuant to Article 140 
of the Treaty; 
Euro or euro means the currency introduced at the start of the third stage of European economic 
and monetary union pursuant to the Treaty; 
Redenomination Date means (in the case of interest bearing Notes) any date for payment of 
interest under the Notes or (in the case of Zero Coupon Notes) any date, in each case specified 
by the Issuer in the notice given to the Noteholders pursuant to paragraph (a) above and which 
falls on or after the date on which the country of the Specified Currency first participates in the 
third stage of European economic and monetary union; and 
Treaty means the Treaty on the Functioning of the European Union, as amended. 
3. 
STATUS OF THE NOTES 
The Notes and, where applicable, any relative Receipts and Coupons will constitute direct, 
unconditional, unsubordinated and unsecured obligations of the Issuer and rank and will at all 
times rank pari passu and without any preference among themselves and equally and rateably 
with all other present or future unsecured and unsubordinated obligations of the Issuer, from 
time to time outstanding. 
4. 
INTEREST 
The applicable Final Terms will indicate whether the Notes are (i) Fixed Rate Notes, 
(ii) Floating Rate Notes, (iii) Notes linked to one or more underlying reference asset(s) or (iv) 
Zero Coupon Notes, or any combination thereof. 
(a) 
Interest on Fixed Rate Notes 
This Condition 4(a) applies to Fixed Rate Notes only. The applicable Final Terms 
contains provisions applicable to the determination of fixed rate interest and must be 
read in conjunction with this Condition 4(a) for full information on the manner in which 
interest is calculated on Fixed Rate Notes. In particular, the applicable Final Terms will 
specify the Interest Commencement Date, the Interest Period End Date(s), the Rate(s) 
of Interest, the Interest Payment Date(s), the Day Count Fraction, the Business Day 
Convention (as the case may be), the Maturity Date, the Fixed Coupon Amount (as the 
case may be), any applicable Broken Amount and any applicable Determination Date. 
Each Fixed Rate Note bears interest (the Interest Amount) on its nominal amount from 
(and including) the Interest Commencement Date at the rate(s) per annum equal to the 
Rate(s) of Interest so specified in the applicable Final Terms payable in arrears on the 
Interest Payment Date(s) in each year and on the Maturity Date so specified if that does 
not fall on an Interest Date Payment. The first payment of interest will be made on the 
Interest Payment Date next following the Interest Commencement Date and, if the first 
anniversary of the Interest Commencement Date is not an Interest Payment Date, will 
amount to the initial Broken Amount.  
If an Interest Payment Date falls after the Interest Period End Final Date in respect of 
the relevant Interest Period, no additional interest or other amount shall be payable as a 
result of such interest being payable on such later date. If a Business Day Convention 
is specified in the applicable Final Terms as applying to an Interest Period End Date or 
an Interest Payment Date and (x) if there is no numerically corresponding day in the 
calendar month in which an Interest Period End Date or Interest Payment Date, as the 
case may be, should occur or (y) if any Interest Period End Date or Interest Payment 
Date, as the case may be, would otherwise fall on a day which is not a Business Day, 
then, if the Business Day Convention specified is:

--- Page 102 ---
102 
(i) 
the Following Business Day Convention, such Interest Period End Date or 
Interest Payment Date, as the case may be, shall be postponed to the next day 
which is a Business Day; or 
(ii) 
the Modified Following Business Day Convention, such Interest Period End 
Date or Interest Payment Date, as the case may be, shall be postponed to the 
next day which is a Business Day unless it would thereby fall into the next 
calendar month, in which event such Interest Period End Date or Interest 
Payment Date, as the case may be shall be brought forward to the immediately 
preceding Business Day; or 
(iii) 
the Preceding Business Day Convention, such Interest Period End Date or 
Interest Payment Date, as the case may be, shall be brought forward to the 
immediately preceding Business Day. 
If no Business Day Convention is specified as applicable to an Interest Period End Date 
in the applicable Final Terms and the Notes are in definitive form: 
(i) 
the amount of interest payable on each Interest Payment Date in respect of the 
Interest Period ending on (but excluding) the Interest Period End Final Date 
in respect of such Interest Period, will amount to the Fixed Coupon Amount; 
and 
(ii) 
the amount of interest payable on any other Interest Payment Date will, if so 
specified in the applicable Final Terms, amount to the Broken Amount so 
specified. 
As used in this Condition 4(a), Fixed Interest Period means the period from (and 
including) an Interest Period End Date (or if none the Interest Commencement Date) to 
(but excluding) the next (or first) Interest Period End Date (each such latter date the 
"Interest Period End Final Date" for the relevant Interest Period)). 
If the Notes are Definitive Notes, except as provided for in the applicable Final Terms, 
the amount of interest payable on each Interest Payment Date in respect of the Fixed 
Interest Period immediately preceding, or ending on (but excluding), such date will 
amount to the Fixed Coupon Amount. Payments of interest on any Interest Period End 
Date will, if so specified in the applicable Final Terms, amount to the Broken Amount 
so specified. 
If interest is required to be calculated for a period other than a Fixed Interest Period or 
if, in the case of Notes which are Definitive Notes, no Fixed Coupon Amount is 
specified in the applicable Final Terms, such interest shall be calculated by applying 
the Rate of Interest to: 
(i) 
in the case of Fixed Rate Notes which are represented by a Global Note held 
on behalf of Clearstream and/or Euroclear, the full nominal amount outstanding 
of the Fixed Rate Notes; or 
(ii) 
in the case of Fixed Rate Notes which are Definitive Notes, the Calculation 
Amount; 
and, in each case, multiplying such sum by the applicable Day Count Fraction, and 
rounding the resultant figure to the nearest sub-unit of the relevant Specified Currency, 
half of any such sub-unit being rounded upwards or otherwise in accordance with 
applicable market convention. Where the Specified Denomination of a Fixed Rate Note 
which is a Definitive Note is a multiple of the Calculation Amount, the amount of 
interest payable in respect of such Fixed Rate Note shall be the product of the amount 
(determined in the manner provided above) for the Calculation Amount and the amount 
by which the Calculation Amount is multiplied to reach the Specified Denomination 
without any further rounding.

--- Page 103 ---
103 
(b) 
Interest on Floating Rate Notes 
This Condition 4(b) applies to Floating Rate Notes only. The applicable Final Terms 
contains provisions applicable to the determination of floating rate interest and must be 
read in conjunction with this Condition 4(b) for full information on the manner in which 
interest is calculated on Floating Rate Notes. In particular, the applicable Final Terms 
will identify any Specified Interest Payment Dates, any Specified Duration, the Interest 
Commencement Date, the Business Day Convention, any Business Centres, whether 
ISDA Determination or Screen Rate Determination applies to the calculation of interest, 
the party who will calculate the amount of interest due if it is not the Agent, the Margin, 
any maximum or minimum interest rates and the Day Count Fraction. Where ISDA 
Determination applies to the calculation of interest, the applicable Final Terms will also 
specify the applicable Floating Rate Option, Designated Maturity and Reset Date. 
Where Screen Rate applies to the calculation of interest, the Final Terms will also 
specify the applicable Benchmark, Relevant Financial Centre, Interest Determination 
Date(s) and the Primary Source for Floating Rate. 
For the purpose of this Condition 4(b): 
Benchmark means the reference rate as set out in the relevant Final Terms; 
Interest Determination Date means, with respect to a Rate of Interest and Interest 
Period, the date specified as such in the relevant Final Terms or, if none is so specified, 
(i) the day falling two Business Days prior to the first day of such Interest Period if the 
Specified Currency is euro or (ii) the first day of such Interest Period if the Specified 
Currency is Sterling or (iii) the day falling two Business Days in the city specified in 
the Final Terms for the Specified Currency prior to the first day of such Interest Period 
if the Specified Currency is neither Sterling nor euro; 
Interest Period mean the period from (and including) an Interest Period End Date (or 
if none the Interest Commencement Date to (but excluding) the next (or first) Interest 
Period End Date. 
Interest Period End Date shall mean either: 
− 
the specified Interest Period End Date(s) in each year specified in the applicable 
Final Terms; or 
− 
if no Interest Period End Date(s) is/are specified in the applicable Final Terms, each 
date which falls the number of months or other period specified as the Specified 
Period in the applicable Final Terms after the preceding Interest Period End Date 
or, in the case of the first Interest Period End Date, after the Interest 
Commencement Date. 
 
Page means such page, section, caption, column or other part of a particular information 
service (including, but not limited to, Reuters) as may be specified for the purpose of 
providing a Relevant Rate, or such other page, section, caption, column or other part as 
may replace it on that information service or on such other information service, in each 
case as may be nominated by the person or organisation providing or sponsoring the 
information appearing there for the purpose of displaying rates or prices comparable to 
that Relevant Rate; 
Relevant Rate means the Benchmark for a Representative Amount of the Specified 
Currency for a period (if applicable or appropriate to the Benchmark) equal to the 
Specified Duration commencing on the Effective Date; and 
Representative Amount means, with respect to any Floating Rate to be determined in 
accordance with a Screen Rate Determination on an Interest Determination Date, the

--- Page 104 ---
104 
amount specified as such in the relevant Final Terms or, if none is specified, an amount 
that is representative for a single transaction in the relevant market at the time. 
(i) 
Interest Payment Dates, Specified Interest Payment Dates and Interest Period 
End Dates 
Each Floating Rate Note bears interest on its nominal amount from (and 
including) the Interest Commencement Date, and such interest will be payable 
in arrears on either: 
(A) 
the Specified Interest Payment Date(s) (as specified in the applicable 
Final Terms) in each year; or 
(B) 
if no express Specified Interest Payment Date(s) is/are specified in the 
applicable Final Terms, each date (each an Interest Payment Date) 
which is the number of months or other period specified as the 
Specified Period in the applicable Final Terms after the preceding 
Interest Payment Date or, in the case of the first Interest Payment Date, 
after the Interest Commencement Date. 
If any Interest Payment Date or, as applicable, Specified Interest Payment Date, 
or (if applicable) any Interest Period End Date would otherwise fall on a day 
which is not a Business Day, then, if the Business Day Convention specified in 
the Final Terms is: 
(A) 
(if Specified Periods are specified in the applicable Final Terms) the 
Floating Rate Convention, such Interest Payment Date or, as 
applicable, Interest Period End Date shall be postponed to the next day 
which is a Business Day unless it would thereby fall into the next 
calendar month, in which event (I) such Interest Payment Date or, as 
applicable, Interest Period End Date shall be brought forward to the 
immediately preceding Business Day and (II) each subsequent such 
Interest Payment Date or, as applicable, Interest Period End Date shall 
be the last Business Day in the month which is the number of months 
or other period specified as the Interest Period in the applicable Final 
Terms after the preceding applicable such Interest Payment Date or, as 
applicable, Interest Period End Date occurred; 
(B) 
the Following Business Day Convention, such Specified Interest 
Payment Date or, as applicable, Interest Payment Date, or (if 
applicable) Interest Period End Date, shall be postponed to the next 
day which is a Business Day;  
(C) 
the Modified Following Business Day Convention, such Specified 
Interest Payment Date or, as applicable, Interest Payment Date, or (if 
applicable) Interest Period End Date, shall be postponed to the next 
day which is a Business Day unless it would thereby fall into the next 
calendar month, in which event such Specified Interest Payment Date 
or, as applicable, Interest Payment Date, or (if applicable) Interest 
Period End Date shall be brought forward to the immediately preceding 
Business Day; or 
(D) 
the Preceding Business Day Convention, such Specified Interest 
Payment Date or, as applicable, Interest Payment Date, or (if 
applicable, Interest Period End Date, shall be brought forward to the 
immediately preceding Business Day. 
(ii) 
Rate of Interest

--- Page 105 ---
105 
The Rate of Interest payable from time to time in respect of Floating Rate Notes 
will be determined in the manner specified in the applicable Final Terms. 
(A) 
ISDA Determination for Floating Rate Notes 
Where ISDA Determination is specified in the applicable Final Terms 
as the manner in which the Rate of Interest is to be determined, the Rate 
of Interest for each Interest Period will be the relevant ISDA Rate plus 
or minus (as indicated in the applicable Final Terms) the Margin (if 
any). 
(I) 
2021 Definitions 
For the purposes of this sub-paragraph (I), if 2021 ISDA 
Definitions are specified as applicable in the Final Terms, 
ISDA Rate for an Interest Period means a rate equal to the 
Floating Rate that should be determined by the Agent or other 
person specified in the applicable Final Terms under an 
interest rate swap transaction if the Agent or that other person 
were acting as Calculation Agent for that swap transaction 
under the terms of an agreement incorporating the 2021 ISDA 
Definitions and under which: 
− 
the definition of "Alternative Pre-nominated Index" shall 
be read as referring to such indices, benchmarks or other 
price sources specified as such in the applicable Final 
Terms; 
− 
"Business Day" shall mean each day that is a Business Day 
under the Conditions of the Floating Rate Notes; 
− 
"Calculation Period" means the relevant Interest Period; 
− 
the definition of "Compounding Date" shall be read as 
referring to each day specified as such (or determined 
pursuant to a method specified for that purpose) in the 
applicable Final Terms; 
− 
the definition of "Impacted Index" shall be read as 
referring to the index, benchmark or other price source 
specified as such in the applicable Final Terms; 
− 
"Rate Cut-off Date" shall mean each day specified as such 
in the applicable Final Terms; 
− 
references to "the Confirmation" in Section 2.3.8 
(Application of Business Day Conventions) of the 2021 
ISDA Definitions shall be read as referring to the 
applicable Final Terms; 
− 
references to "the Confirmation" in Section 4.8 (Rounding) 
of the 2021 ISDA Definitions shall be read as referring to 
the applicable Final Terms; 
− 
Section 4.9 (Straight Compounding, Flat Compounding 
and Spread Exclusive Compounding) of the ISDA 
Definitions shall be read as referring to "Straight 
Compounding", 
"Flat 
Compounding" 
or 
"Spread

--- Page 106 ---
106 
Exclusive Compounding" being specified to apply in the 
applicable Final Terms; 
− 
Section 6.3.2 (Unweighted Average Floating Rate) of the 
ISDA Definitions shall be read as referring to 
"Unweighted Average" applying if specified to apply in 
the applicable Final Terms; 
− 
Section 6.3.3 (Weighted Average Floating Rate) of the 
ISDA Definitions shall be read as referring to "Weighted 
Average" applying if specified to apply in the applicable 
Final Terms; 
− 
Section 6.8.2 (Floating Negative Interest Rate Method 
(Straight/Flat/Spread 
Exclusive 
Compounding 
not 
applicable)) of the 2021 ISDA Definitions shall be read as 
referring to "Floating Negative Interest Rate Method" 
applying if specified to apply in the applicable Final 
Terms; 
− 
Section 6.8.3 (Floating Negative Interest Rate Method 
(Straight/Flat/Spread 
Exclusive 
Compounding 
applicable)) of the 2021 ISDA Definitions shall be read as 
referring to Floating Negative Interest Rate Method and 
"Straight Exclusive Compounding", "Flat Exclusive 
Compounding" or "Spread Exclusive Compounding" 
applying as specified to apply in the applicable Final 
Terms; 
− 
Section 
6.8.4 
(Zero 
Interest 
Rate 
Method 
(Straight/Flat/Spread 
Exclusive 
Compounding 
not 
applicable)) of the 2021 ISDA Definitions shall be read as 
referring to "Zero Interest Rate Method" applying if 
specified to apply in the applicable Final Terms; 
− 
Section 
6.8.5 
(Zero 
Interest 
Rate 
Method 
(Straight/Flat/Spread 
Exclusive 
Compounding 
applicable)) of the 2021 ISDA Definitions shall be read as 
referring to "Zero Interest Rate Method" and "Straight 
Exclusive Compounding", "Flat Exclusive Compounding" 
or "Spread Exclusive Compounding" applying as specified 
to apply in the applicable Final Terms; 
− 
Section 6.8.6 (Zero Interest Rate Method Excluding 
Spread (Straight/Flat/Spread Exclusive Compounding not 
applicable)) of the 2021 ISDA Definitions shall be read as 
referring to "Zero Interest Rate Method Excluding Spread" 
applying if specified to apply in the applicable Final 
Terms; 
− 
Section 6.13 (Planned Replacement of a Benchmark) of 
the 2021 ISDA Definitions shall be read as referring to a 
"Successor Benchmark" and a "Successor Benchmark 
Effective Date" being specified in the applicable Final 
Terms;

--- Page 107 ---
107 
− 
the reference to a "Calculation Period to which "Linear 
Interpolation" applies" in Section 6.10.1 (Use of Linear 
Interpolation) of the 2021 ISDA Definitions shall be read 
as the relevant Interest Period, if "Linear Interpolation" is 
specified as being applicable to such period in the 
applicable Final Terms; 
− 
references to "the Confirmation" in Section 7.3.1 (OIS 
Compounding) of the 2021 ISDA Definitions shall be read 
as referring to the applicable Final Terms; 
− 
references to "the Confirmation" in Section 7.3.2 
(Compounding with Lookback) of the 2021 ISDA 
Definitions shall be read as referring to the applicable 
Final Terms; 
− 
references to "the Confirmation" in Section 7.3.3 
(Compounding with Observation Period Shift) of the 2021 
ISDA Definitions shall be read as referring to the 
applicable Final Terms; 
− 
references to "the Confirmation" in Section 7.3.4 
(Compounding with Lockout) of the 2021 ISDA 
Definitions shall be read as referring to the applicable 
Final Terms; 
− 
references to "the Confirmation" in Section 7.4.1 (OIS 
Averaging) of the ISDA Definitions shall be read as 
referring to the applicable Final Terms; 
− 
references to "the Confirmation" in Section 7.4.2 
(Averaging with Lookback) of the 2021 ISDA Definitions 
shall be read as referring to the applicable Final Terms; 
− 
references to "the Confirmation" in Section 7.4.3 
(Averaging with Observation Period Shift) of the 2021 
ISDA Definitions shall be read as referring to the 
applicable Final Terms; 
− 
references to "the Confirmation" in Section 7.4.4 
(Averaging with Lockout) of the 2021 ISDA Definitions 
shall be read as referring to the applicable Final Terms; 
− 
references to "the Confirmation" in Section 7.7.1 
(Standard Index Method) of the 2021 ISDA Definitions 
shall be read as referring to the applicable Final Terms; 
− 
references to "the Confirmation" in Section 7.7.2 (All-In 
Compounded Index Method) of the 2021 ISDA Definitions 
shall be read as referring to the applicable Final Terms; 
− 
references to "the Confirmation" in Section 7.7.3 
(Compounded Index Method) of the 2021 ISDA 
Definitions shall be read as referring to the applicable 
Final Terms;

--- Page 108 ---
108 
− 
references to "the Confirmation" in Section 7.7.4 
(Compounded Index Method with Observation Period 
Shift) of the 2021 ISDA Definitions shall be read as 
referring to the applicable Final Terms; 
− 
 the definition of "Day Count Basis" for the purposes of 
Sections 7.3.1 (OIS Compounding), 7.3.2 (Compounding 
with Lookback), 7.3.3 (Compounding with Observation 
Period Shift), 7.3.4 (Compounding with Lockout), 7.7.1 
(Standard Index Method), 7.7.2 (All-In Compounded Index 
Method), 7.7.3 (Compounded Index Method), 7.7.4 
(Compounded Index Method with Observation Period 
Shift), means the number specified as such for such 
purpose in the applicable Final Terms, or, if not specified 
in the applicable Final Terms, the denominator of the Day 
Count Fraction specified for a Floating Rate Note in the 
applicable Final Terms; 
− 
Sections 7.3.3 (Compounding with Observation Period 
Shift), 7.4.3 (Averaging with Observation Period Shift), 
7.7.4 (Compounded Index Method with Observation 
Period Shift) of the 2021 ISDA Definitions shall be read 
as referring to "Set-in-Advance" being applicable if 
specified as applicable in the applicable Final Terms; and 
− 
references to "the Confirmation" in Section 8.3.1 
(Application of Administrator/Benchmark Event) of the 
2021 ISDA Definitions shall be read as referring to the 
applicable Final Terms. 
For the purposes of sub-paragraph (I), Floating Rate Option, 
Applicable Benchmark, Designated Maturity, Fixing Day, 
Fixing 
Time, 
Reset Dates, 
Successor 
Benchmark, 
Successor 
Benchmark 
Effective 
Date, 
Permanent 
Cessation Trigger, Administrator/Benchmark Event, 
Specified Public Source, Temporary Non-Publication 
Trigger, Permanent Cessation Fallback, Applicable 
Fallback 
Rate, 
Underlying 
Fallback 
Rate, 
Administrator/Benchmark Fallback, Temporary Non-
Publication Fallback, Overnight Rate Compounding 
Method, Overnight Rate Averaging Method, Daily Floored 
Rate, Daily Capped Rate, Index Method, Relevant Index 
Level have the meanings given to those terms in the 2021 
ISDA Definitions, but with references, where applicable, to 
"the Confirmation" being read as the applicable Final Terms 
and references, where applicable to the "Calculation Period" 
being read as the relevant Interest Period. 
(II) 
2000 Definitions or 2006 Definitions 
For the purposes of this sub-paragraph (II), if the 2000 ISDA 
Definitions or the 2006 ISDA Definitions are specified as 
being applicable in the Final Terms, ISDA Rate for an 
Interest Period means a rate equal to the Floating Rate that 
should be determined by the Agent or other person specified

--- Page 109 ---
109 
in the applicable Final Terms under an interest rate swap 
transaction if the Agent or that other person were acting as 
Calculation Agent for that swap transaction under the terms 
of an agreement incorporating the 2000 ISDA Definitions, as 
published (and amended and updated as at the Issue Date of 
the first Tranche of the Notes of the relevant Series) by the 
International Swaps and Derivatives Association Inc. 
(the 2000 ISDA Definitions) or the 2006 ISDA Definitions 
(as specified in the Final Terms) and under which: 
− 
the Floating Rate Option is as specified in the applicable 
Final Terms; 
− 
Business Day shall mean each day that is a Business Day 
under the Conditions of the Floating Rate Notes; 
− 
Calculation Period means the relevant Interest Period; 
− 
if the Floating Rate Option specified in the applicable 
Final Terms is an Overnight Floating Rate Option and 
either Compounding or Averaging is specified as 
applicable in the applicable Final Terms: 
• 
"Day Count Basis" means the denominator of the Day 
Count Fraction specified for a Floating Rate Note in 
the applicable Final Terms; 
• 
an Applicable Business Day is any day that is a 
Business Day (as defined in these Conditions);  
• 
the relevant Reset Date is the last day of the relevant 
Interest Period or such Reset Date as is specified in the 
Final Terms; 
• 
the Daily Capped Rate is as specified in the applicable 
Final Terms; 
• 
the Daily Floored Rate is as specified in the applicable 
Final Terms; 
• 
Delayed Payment will be applicable if specified as 
such in the applicable Final Terms, and if so, the 
applicable number of days is either (1) as specified in 
the applicable Final Terms, or (2) if no number is 
specified as such in the applicable Final Terms, five 
(5); 
• 
if Compounding is specified as applicable in the 
applicable Final Terms: 
• 
OIS Compounding will be applicable if 
specified as such in the applicable Final 
Terms; 
• 
Compounding 
with 
Lookback 
will 
be 
applicable if specified as such in the 
applicable Final Terms, and if so, the

--- Page 110 ---
110 
Lookback is either (x) as specified in the 
applicable Final Terms, or (y) if no number is 
specified as such in the applicable Final 
Terms, 
the 
number 
specified 
as 
the 
"Lookback" for the relevant Floating Rate 
Option in the 2006 ISDA Definitions, or (z) if 
no such number is specified for the relevant 
Floating Rate Option, five (5); 
• 
Compounding with Observation Period Shift 
will be applicable if specified as such in the 
applicable Final Terms, and if so, Set in 
Advance will be applicable if specified as 
such 
in 
the 
applicable 
Final 
Terms, 
Observation Period Shift Additional Business 
Day is as specified in the applicable Final 
Terms, and the Observation Period Shift is 
either (x) as specified in the applicable Final 
Terms, or (y) if no number is specified as such 
in the applicable Final Terms, the number 
specified as the "Observation Period Shift" for 
the relevant Floating Rate Option in the 2006 
ISDA Definitions, or (z) if no such number is 
specified for the relevant Floating Rate 
Option, five (5); and 
• 
Compounding 
with 
Lockout 
will 
be 
applicable if specified as such in the 
applicable Final Terms, and if so, Lockout 
Period Business Day is as specified in the 
applicable Final Terms and the Lockout is 
either (x) as specified in the applicable Final 
Terms, or (y) if no number is specified as such 
in the applicable Final Terms, the number 
specified as the "Lockout" for the relevant 
Floating Rate Option in the 2006 ISDA 
Definitions, or (z) if no such number is 
specified for the relevant Floating Rate 
Option, five (5); or 
• 
if Averaging is specified as applicable in the 
applicable Final Terms: 
• 
Overnight Averaging will be applicable if 
specified as such in the applicable Final 
Terms; 
• 
Averaging with Lookback will be applicable 
if specified as such in the applicable Final 
Terms, and if so, the Lookback is either (x) as 
specified in the applicable Final Terms, or (y) 
if no number is specified as such in the 
applicable Final Terms, the number specified 
as the "Lookback" for the relevant Floating

--- Page 111 ---
111 
Rate Option in the 2006 ISDA Definitions, or 
(z) if no such number is specified for the 
relevant Floating Rate Option, five (5); 
• 
Averaging with Observation Period Shift will 
be applicable if specified as such in the 
applicable Final Terms, and if so, Set in 
Advance will be applicable if specified as 
such 
in 
the 
applicable 
Final 
Terms, 
Observation Period Shift Additional Business 
Day is as specified in the applicable Final 
Terms and the Observation Period Shift is 
either (x) as specified in the applicable Final 
Terms, or (y) if no number is specified as such 
in the applicable Final Terms, the number 
specified as the "Observation Period Shift" for 
the relevant Floating Rate Option in the 2006 
ISDA Definitions, or (z) if no such number is 
specified for the relevant Floating Rate 
Option, five (5); and 
• 
Averaging with Lockout will be applicable if 
specified as such in the applicable Final 
Terms, and if so, Lockout Period Business 
Day is as specified in the applicable Final 
Terms and the Lockout is either (x) as 
specified in the applicable Final Terms, or (y) 
if no number is specified as such in the 
applicable Final Terms, the number specified 
as the "Lockout" for the relevant Floating Rate 
Option in the 2006 ISDA Definitions, or (z) if 
no such number is specified for the relevant 
Floating Rate Option, five (5); or 
▪ 
otherwise: 
• 
the Designated Maturity is a period specified in the 
applicable Final Terms for the relevant Interest Period; 
and 
• 
the relevant Reset Date is as specified in the applicable 
Final Terms. 
For the purposes of this sub-paragraph (II), Floating Rate, 
Calculation Agent, Floating Rate Option, Designated 
Maturity, Reset Date, Overnight Floating Rate Option, 
Applicable Business Day, Observation Period Shift 
Additional Business Day, Lockout Period Business Day, 
Daily 
Capped 
Rate, 
Daily 
Floored 
Rate, 
OIS 
Compounding, 
Compounding 
with 
Lookback, 
Compounding 
with 
Observation 
Period 
Shift, 
Compounding with Lockout, Overnight Averaging, 
Averaging with Lookback, Averaging with Observation 
Period Shift, Averaging with Lockout, Delayed Payment, 
Set in Advance, Lookback, Observation Period Shift and

--- Page 112 ---
112 
Lockout have the meanings given to those terms in the 2000 
ISDA Definitions or the 2006 ISDA Definitions (as specified 
in the Final Terms), but with references, where applicable, to 
"the Confirmation" being read as "the applicable Final Terms" 
and references, where applicable to the "Calculation Period" 
being read as the "Interest Period". 
Where the 2000 ISDA Definitions or the 2006 ISDA 
Definitions (as specified in the Final Terms) state that the 
determination of the Floating Rate Option will be pursuant to 
any requirement for the Calculation Agent to request quotes 
from Reference Banks, Reference Dealers or major banks 
pursuant to the ISDA Definitions, such requirement to make 
requests for quotations for rates from, and the provision of 
quotations for rates by, the requisite number of Reference 
Banks, Reference Dealers or major banks may be effected by 
reference to and using quotations or tradable market prices 
which are made available by such Reference Banks, Reference 
Dealers or major banks via electronic data providers or 
electronic trading platforms. For the purposes of the preceding 
sentence, the terms "Reference Banks" and "Reference 
Dealers" shall have the meanings set out in the 2000 ISDA 
Definitions or the 2006 ISDA Definitions (as specified in the 
Final Terms). If the fallback as set out in the definition of the 
Floating Rate Option pursuant to the 2000 ISDA Definitions 
or the 2006 ISDA Definitions (as specified in the Final Terms) 
does not produce a result, the Calculation Agent shall 
determine the rate acting in good faith and in a commercially 
reasonable manner. 
(B) 
Screen Rate Determination for Floating Rate Notes and IBOR 
Where Screen Rate Determination - IBOR is specified in the relevant 
Final Terms as the manner in which the Rate of Interest is to be 
determined, the Rate of Interest for each Interest Period shall be 
determined by the Calculation Agent at or about the Relevant Time on 
the Interest Determination Date in respect of such Interest Period in 
accordance with the following: 
(I) 
if the Primary Source for Floating Rate is a Page, subject as 
provided below, the Rate of Interest shall be: 
(x) 
the Relevant Rate (where such Relevant Rate on such 
Page is a composite quotation or is customarily 
supplied by one entity) or 
(y) 
the arithmetic mean of the Relevant Rates of the 
persons whose Relevant Rates appear on that Page, in 
each case appearing on such Page at the Relevant Time 
on the Interest Determination Date, subject as 
otherwise specified in the relevant Final Terms  
(II) 
if the Primary Source for the Floating Rate is Reference Banks 
or if sub-paragraph (I)(x) applies and no Relevant Rate appears 
on the Page at the Relevant Time on the Interest Determination 
Date or if sub-paragraph (I)(y) applies and fewer than two 
Relevant Rates appear on the Page at the Relevant Time on the

--- Page 113 ---
113 
Interest Determination Date, subject as provided below, the 
Rate of Interest shall be the arithmetic mean of the Relevant 
Rates that each of the Reference Banks is quoting to leading 
banks in the Relevant Financial Centre at the Relevant Time 
on the Interest Determination Date, as determined by the 
Calculation Agent and 
(III) 
if paragraph (II) above applies and the Calculation Agent 
determines that fewer than two Reference Banks are so 
quoting Relevant Rates, subject as provided below, the Rate of 
Interest shall be the arithmetic mean of the rates per annum 
(expressed as a percentage) that the Calculation Agent 
determines to be the rates (being the nearest equivalent to the 
Benchmark) in respect of a Representative Amount of the 
Specified Currency that at least two out of five leading banks 
selected by the Calculation Agent in the principal financial 
centre of the country of the Specified Currency or, if the 
Specified Currency is euro, in the euro-zone as selected by the 
Calculation Agent (the Principal Financial Centre) are 
quoting at or about the Relevant Time on the date on which 
such banks would customarily quote such rates for a period 
commencing on the Effective Date for a period equivalent to 
the Specified Duration to leading banks carrying on business 
in Europe, or (if the Calculation Agent determines that fewer 
than two of such banks are so quoting to leading banks in 
Europe) to leading banks carrying on business in the Principal 
Financial Centre; except that, if fewer than two of such banks 
are so quoting to leading banks in the Principal Financial 
Centre, the Rate of Interest shall be the Rate of Interest 
determined on the previous Interest Determination Date 
(after readjustment for any difference between any Margin or 
Maximum Rate of Interest or Minimum Rate of Interest 
applicable to the preceding Interest Period and to the relevant 
Interest Period). 
For the purpose of this paragraph, the following defined terms shall 
have the meanings set out below: 
Effective Date means, with respect to any Rate of Interest to be 
determined in accordance with a Screen Rate Determination on an 
Interest Determination Date, the date specified as such in the relevant 
Final Terms or, if none is so specified, the first day of the Interest Period 
to which such Interest Determination Date relates; 
Reference Banks means the institutions specified as such in the 
relevant Final Terms or, if none, four major banks selected by the 
Calculation Agent in the interbank market (or, if appropriate, money, 
swap or over-the-counter index options market) that is most closely 
connected with the Benchmark (which, if EURIBOR is the relevant 
Benchmark, shall be the Euro-zone); 
Relevant Financial Centre means, with respect to any Rate of Interest 
to be determined in accordance with a Screen Rate Determination on 
an Interest Determination Date, the financial centre as may be specified 
as such in the relevant Final Terms or, if none is so specified, the 
financial centre with which the relevant Benchmark is most closely 
connected (which, in the case of EURIBOR, shall be the Euro- zone) 
or, if none is so connected, Paris;

--- Page 114 ---
114 
Relevant Time means, with respect to any Interest Determination Date, 
the local time in the Relevant Financial Centre specified in the relevant 
Final Terms or, if no time is specified, the local time in the Relevant 
Financial Centre at which it is customary to determine bid and offered 
rates in respect of deposits in the Specified Currency in the interbank 
market in the Relevant Financial Centre and for this purpose "local 
time" means, with respect to Europe and the Euro-zone as a Relevant 
Financial Centre, 11.00 a.m. Brussels time; and 
Specified Duration means, with respect to any Rate of Interest to be 
determined in accordance with a Screen Rate Determination on an 
Interest Determination Date, the duration specified in the relevant Final 
Terms or, if none is specified, a period of time equal to the relative 
Interest Period, ignoring any adjustment pursuant to Condition 5(b)(i). 
(C) 
Screen Rate Determination for Floating Rate Notes and SONIA 
Where "Screen Rate Determination – SONIA" is specified in the 
applicable Final Terms as the manner in which a Rate of Interest is to 
be determined, such Rate of Interest for each Interest Period will be 
calculated in accordance with Condition 4(b)(ii)(C)(I) or 4(b)(ii)(C)(II) 
below, subject to the provisions of Condition 4(b)(ii)(C)(IV). 
(I) 
Where the Calculation Method is specified in the applicable 
Final Terms as being "Compounded Daily", the Rate of Interest 
for each Interest Period will be the Compounded Daily SONIA 
plus or minus (as indicated in the applicable Final Terms) the 
Margin (if any), all as determined by the Agent or the 
Calculation Agent, as applicable. 
(II) 
Where the Calculation Method is specified in the applicable 
Final Terms as being "Weighted Average", the Rate of Interest 
for each Interest Period will be the Weighted Average SONIA 
plus or minus (as indicated in the applicable Final Terms) the 
Margin (if any), all as determined by the Agent or the 
Calculation Agent, as applicable, on the Interest Determination 
Date and the resulting percentage being rounded (if necessary) 
to the fifth decimal place, with 0.000005 being rounded 
upwards. 
(III) 
The following definitions shall apply for the purpose of this 
Condition 4(b)(ii)(C): 
Compounded Daily SONIA means, with respect to an Interest 
Period, the rate of return of a daily compound interest 
investment in Sterling (with the daily Sterling overnight 
reference rate as the reference rate for the calculation of 
interest) calculated by the Agent or the Calculation Agent, as 
applicable, on the Interest Determination Date in accordance 
with the following formula: 
(x) 
if "Lag" or "Lock-out" is specified as the Observation 
Method in the applicable Final Terms: 
[∏
(1 +
𝑆𝑂𝑁𝐼𝐴𝑖−𝑝𝐿𝐵𝐷 × 𝑛𝑖
365
𝐷0
𝑖=1
) – 1] × 
365
𝑑 
(y) 
if "Shift" is specified as the Observation Method in 
the applicable Final Terms:

--- Page 115 ---
115 
[∏
(1 +
𝑆𝑂𝑁𝐼𝐴𝑖 × 𝑛𝑖
365
𝐷0
𝑖=1
) – 1] × 
365
𝑑 
(z) 
if "SONIA Index with Observation Shift" is specified 
as the Observation Method in the applicable Final 
Terms: 
( 𝑆𝑂𝑁𝐼𝐴 𝐼𝑛𝑑𝑒𝑥𝐹𝑖𝑛𝑎𝑙
𝑆𝑂𝑁𝐼𝐴 𝐼𝑛𝑑𝑒𝑥𝐼𝑛𝑖𝑡𝑖𝑎𝑙
 − 1) × 365
𝑑 
where, in each case, the resulting percentage will be rounded 
(if necessary) to the fifth decimal place, with 0.000005 being 
rounded upwards; 
d means the number of calendar days (x) if "Lag" or "Lock-
out" is specified as the Observation Method in the applicable 
Final Terms, in the relevant Interest Period, (y) if "Shift" is 
specified as the Observation Method in the applicable Final 
Terms, in the relevant Observation Lookback Period or (z) if 
"SONIA Index with Observation Shift" is specified in the 
applicable Final Terms, from (and including) the day in 
relation to which SONIA IndexInitial is determined to (but 
excluding) the day in relation to which SONIA IndexFinal is 
determined; 
do means (x) if "Lag" or "Lock-out" is specified as the 
Observation Method in the applicable Final Terms, in respect 
of an Interest Period, the number of London Business Days in 
the relevant Interest Period or (y) if "Shift" is specified as the 
Observation Method in the applicable Final Terms, in respect 
of an Observation Lookback Period, the number of London 
Business Days in the relevant Observation Lookback Period;  
i means a series of whole numbers from one to do, each 
representing the relevant London Business Days in 
chronological order from (and including) the first London 
Business Day (x) if "Lag" or "Lock-out" is specified as the 
Observation Method in the applicable Final Terms, in the 
relevant Interest Period or (y) if "Shift" is specified as the 
Observation Method in the applicable Final Terms, in the 
relevant Observation Lookback Period; 
Lock-out Period means, in respect of an Interest Period, the 
period from (and including) the day following the Interest 
Determination Date to (but excluding) the Interest Period End 
Date falling at the end of such Interest Period; 
London Business Day means a day on which commercial 
banks and foreign exchange markets settle payments and are 
open for general business (including dealing in foreign 
exchange and foreign currency deposits) in London;  
Lookback Period or p means, in respect of an Interest Period 
where "Lag" or "Shift" is specified as the Observation Method 
in the applicable Final Terms, the number of London Business 
Days specified in the applicable Final Terms (or, if no such 
number is specified, five London Business Days); 
ni means, in respect of a London Business Day i, the number 
of calendar days from (and including) such London Business

--- Page 116 ---
116 
Day i up to (but excluding) the following London Business 
Day; 
Observation Lookback Period means, in respect of an 
Interest Period, the period from (and including) the date falling 
p London Business Days prior to the first day of the relevant 
Interest Period and ending on (but excluding) the date which is 
p London Business Days prior to the Interest Period End Date 
falling at the end of such Interest Period; 
Reference Day means each London Business Day in the 
relevant Interest Period that is not a London Business Day 
falling in the Lock-out Period; 
SONIA i means, in respect of a London Businesss Day i: (x) 
if "Lag" is specified as the Observation Method in the 
applicable Final Terms, the SONIA Rate in respect of pLBD 
in respect of such London Business Day i; (y) if "Lock-out" is 
specified as the Observation Method in the applicable Final 
Terms: (1) in respect of any London Business Day i that is a 
Reference Day, the SONIA Rate in respect of the London 
Business Day immediately preceding such Reference Day; 
otherwise (2) the SONIA Rate in respect of the London 
Business 
Day 
immediately 
preceding 
the 
Interest 
Determination Date for the relevant Interest Period; or (z) if 
"Shift" is specified as the Observation Method in the 
applicable Final Terms, the SONIA Rate for such London 
Business Day i;  
SONIA Index means the Compounded Daily SONIA 
determined by the Calculation Agent on the Interest 
Determination Date by reference to the screen rate or index for 
compounded daily SONIA rates administered by the 
administrator of the SONIA reference rate that is published or 
displayed by such administrator or other information service 
from time to time on the relevant Interest Determination Date, 
as specified in the applicable Final Terms; 
SONIA IndexFinal means, with respect to an Interest Period, 
the SONIA Index determined in relation to the day falling p 
London Business Days prior to the Interest Period End Date 
for such Interest Period; 
SONIA IndexInitial means, with respect to an Interest Period, 
the SONIA Index determined in relation to the day falling p 
London Business Days prior to the first day of such Interest 
Period; 
SONIAi-pLBD means: (x) if "Lag" is specified as the 
Observation Method in the applicable Final Terms, in respect 
of a London Business Day i, SONIA i in respect of the London 
Business Day falling p London Business Days prior to such 
London Business Day i ("pLBD"); or (y) if "Lock-out" is 
specified as the Observation Method in the applicable Final 
Terms, in respect of a London Business Day i, SONIA i in 
respect of such London Business Day i; 
SONIA Rate means, in respect of any London Business Day, 
a reference rate equal to the daily Sterling Overnight Index 
Average rate for such London Business Day, as provided by

--- Page 117 ---
117 
the administrator of SONIA to authorised distributors and as 
then published on the Page (or, if the Page is unavailable, as 
otherwise published by such authorised distributors) on the 
London Business Day immediately following such London 
Business Day; and  
Weighted Average SONIA means: (x) where "Lag" is 
specified as the Observation Method in the applicable Final 
Terms, the sum of the SONIA Rate in respect of each calendar 
day during the relevant Observation Lookback Period divided 
by the number of calendar days during such Observation 
Lookback Period; for these purposes, the SONIA Rate in 
respect of any calendar day which is not a London Business 
Day shall be deemed to be the SONIA Rate in respect of the 
London Business Day immediately preceding such calendar 
day; or (y) where "Lock-out" is specified as the Observation 
Method in the applicable Final Terms, the sum of the SONIA 
Rate in respect of each calendar day during the relevant Interest 
Period divided by the number of calendar days in the relevant 
Interest Period, provided that, for any calendar day of such 
Interest Period falling in the Lock-out Period for the relevant 
Interest Period, the SONIA Rate for such calendar day will be 
deemed to be the SONIA Rate in respect of the London 
Business Day immediately preceding the first day of such 
Lock-out Period; for these purposes, the SONIA Rate in 
respect of any calendar day which is not a London Business 
Day shall, subject to the preceding proviso, be deemed to be 
the SONIA Rate in respect of the London Business Day 
immediately preceding such calendar day. 
(IV) 
SONIA Fallbacks 
(x) 
If "Lag", "Lock-out" or "Shift" is specified as the 
Observation Method in the applicable Final Terms 
If, in respect of any London Business Day, the SONIA 
Rate is not available on the Page (and has not 
otherwise been published by the relevant authorised 
distributors), such SONIA Rate shall be: I. (i) the Bank 
of England's Bank Rate (the Bank Rate) prevailing at 
the close of business on the relevant London Business 
Day; plus (ii) the arithmetic mean of the spread of 
SONIA to the Bank Rate over the previous five days 
on which SONIA has been published, excluding the 
highest spread (or, if there is more than one highest 
spread, one only of those highest spreads) and lowest 
spread (or, if there is more than one lowest spread, one 
only of those lowest spreads); or II. if such Bank Rate 
is not available, the SONIA Rate published on the 
Page (or otherwise published by the relevant 
authorised distributors) for the immediately preceding 
London Business Day on which the SONIA Rate was 
published on the Page (or otherwise published by the 
relevant authorised distributors), and such rate shall be 
deemed to be the SONIA Rate for such London 
Business Day. Notwithstanding the foregoing, in the 
event of the Bank of England publishing guidance as 
to (i) how the SONIA Rate is to be determined or (ii) 
any rate that is to replace the SONIA Rate, the Agent

--- Page 118 ---
118 
or the Calculation Agent, as applicable, shall follow 
such guidance to determine the SONIA Rate for so 
long as the SONIA Rate is not available or has not 
been published by the authorised distributors. In the 
event that the Rate of Interest provisions in respect of 
an Interest Period, the Rate of Interest shall be (i) that 
determined as at the immediately preceding Interest 
Determination Date (though substituting, where a 
different Margin, Maximum Rate of Interest and/or 
Minimum Rate of Interest is to be applied to the 
relevant Interest Period from that which applied to the 
immediately preceding Interest Period, the Margin, 
Maximum Rate of Interest and/or Minimum Rate of 
Interest relating to the relevant Interest Period, in place 
of the Margin, Maximum Rate of Interest and/or 
Minimum Rate of Interest relation to the immediately 
preceding Interest Period); or (ii) if there is no such 
preceding Interest Determination Date, the initial Rate 
of Interest which would have applicable to such Notes 
for the first Interest Period had the Notes been in issue 
for a period equal in duration to the scheduled first 
Interest Period but ending on (and excluding) the 
Interest Commencement Date (subject to the 
application of the relevant Margin or Maximum Rate 
of Interest or Minimum Rate of Interest in respect of 
such Interest Period). 
(y) 
If "SONIA Index with Observation Shift" is specified as 
the Observation Method in the applicable Final Terms 
If the relevant SONIA Index is not published or 
displayed by the administrator of the SONIA reference 
rate or other information service by 5.00 p.m. (London 
time) (or, if later, by the time falling one hour after the 
customary or scheduled time for publication thereof in 
accordance with the then-prevailing operational 
procedures of the administrator of the SONIA 
reference rate or of such other information service, as 
the case may be) on the relevant Interest 
Determination Date, the Compounded Daily SONIA 
for the applicable Interest Period for which the SONIA 
Index is not available shall be "Compounded Daily 
SONIA" determined in accordance with Condition 
4(b)(ii)(C)(I) where (i) the "Observation Method" will 
be deemed to be "Shift" and (ii) the "Observation 
Lookback Period" will be deemed to be equal to p 
London Banking Days, as if those alternative elections 
had been made in the applicable Final Terms. 
(D) 
Screen Rate Determination for Floating Rate Notes and SOFR 
Where "Screen Rate Determination – SOFR" is specified in the 
applicable Final Terms as the manner in which a Rate of Interest is to 
be determined, such Rate of Interest or Rate, as the case may be, for 
each Interest Period will be calculated in accordance with Condition 
4(b)(ii)(D)(I) or 4(b)(ii)(D)(II) below, subject to the provisions of 
Condition 4(b)(ii)(D)(IV).

--- Page 119 ---
119 
(I) 
Where the Calculation Method is specified in the applicable 
Final Terms as being "SOFR Arithmetic Mean", the Rate of 
Interest for each Interest Period will be the SOFR Arithmetic 
Mean plus or minus (as indicated in the applicable Final 
Terms) the Margin (if any), all as determined by the Agent or 
the Calculation Agent, as applicable, on the relevant Interest 
Determination Date and the resulting percentage being 
rounded (if necessary) to the fifth decimal place, with 
0.000005 being rounded upwards. 
(II) 
Where the Calculation Method is specified in the applicable 
Final Terms as being "SOFR Compound", the Rate of Interest 
for each Interest Period will be the Compounded Daily SOFR 
on the relevant Interest Determination Date plus or minus (as 
indicated in the applicable Final Terms) the Margin (if any), 
all as determined by the Agent or the Calculation Agent, as 
applicable. 
(III) 
The following definitions shall apply for the purpose of this 
Condition 4(b)(ii)(D): 
Bloomberg Screen SOFRRATE Page means the Bloomberg 
screen designated "SOFRRATE" or any successor page or 
service; 
Compounded Daily SOFR means, with respect to an Interest 
Period, an amount equal to the rate of return for each calendar 
day during the Interest Period, compounded daily, calculated 
by the Agent or the Calculation Agent, as applicable, on the 
Interest Determination Date in accordance with the following 
formula: 
(x) 
if "SOFR Compound with Lookback" is specified in 
the applicable Final Terms: 
[∏
(1 + 𝑆𝑂𝐹𝑅𝑖−𝑝𝑈𝑆𝐵𝐷× 𝑛𝑖
360
)
𝐷0
𝑖=1
−1] × 360
𝑑 
with the resulting percentage being rounded, if 
necessary, to the fifth decimal place, with 0.000005 
being rounded upwards. 
Where: 
d means, in respect of an Interest Period, the number 
of calendar days in such Interest Period; 
d0 means, in respect of an Interest Period, the number 
of U.S. Government Securities Business Days in the 
relevant Interest Period; 
i means a series of whole numbers from one to d0, each 
representing the relevant U.S. Government Securities 
Business Days in chronological order from (and 
including) the first U.S. Government Securities 
Business Day in the relevant Interest Period;  
Lookback Period or p means the number of U.S. 
Government Securities Business Days specified as 
such in the applicable Final Terms or, if no such

--- Page 120 ---
120 
number is specified, 5 U.S. Government Securities 
Business Days; 
ni means, in respect of a U.S. Government Securities 
Business Day i, the number of calendar days from (and 
including) such U.S. Government Securities Business 
Day i up to (but excluding) the following U.S. 
Government Securities Business Day; and 
SOFRi-pUSBD means, in respect of a U.S. 
Government Securities Business Day i, SOFRi in 
respect of the U.S. Government Securities Business 
Day falling the number of U.S. Government Securities 
Business Days equal to the Lookback Period prior to 
such U.S. Government Securities Business Day i 
(pUSBD), provided that, unless SOFR Cut-Off Date is 
specified as not applicable in the applicable Final 
Terms, SOFRi in respect of each U.S. Government 
Securities Business Day i in the period from (and 
including) the SOFR Cut-Off Date to (but excluding) 
the next occurring Interest Period End Date, will be 
SOFRi in respect of the SOFR Cut-Off Date for such 
Interest Period;  
(y) 
if "SOFR Compound with Observation Period Shift" 
is specified in the applicable Final Terms: 
[∏
(1 + 𝑆𝑂𝐹𝑅𝑖× 𝑛𝑖
360
𝐷0
𝑖=1
) −1] × 360
𝑑 
with the resulting percentage being rounded, if 
necessary, to the fifth decimal place, with 0.000005 
being rounded upwards. 
Where: 
d means, in respect of an Observation Period, the 
number of calendar days in such Observation Period;  
d0 means, in respect of an Observation Period, the 
number of U.S. Government Securities Business Days 
in the relevant Observation Period; 
i means a series of whole numbers from one to d0, each 
representing the relevant U.S. Government Securities 
Business Days in chronological order from (and 
including) the first U.S. Government Securities 
Business Day in the relevant Observation Period; 
ni means, in respect of a U.S. Government Securities 
Business Dayi, the number of calendar days from (and 
including) such U.S. Government Securities Business 
Dayi up to (but excluding) the following U.S. 
Government Securities Business Day; 
Observation Period means, in respect of an Interest 
Period, the period from (and including) the date falling 
the number of Observation Shift Days prior to the first 
day of such Interest Period and ending on (but 
excluding) the date that is the number Observation

--- Page 121 ---
121 
Shift Days prior to the next occurring Interest Period 
End Date in such Interest Period; 
Observation Shift Days means the number of U.S. 
Government Securities Business Days specified in the 
applicable Final Terms or, if no such number is 
specified, 5 U.S. Government Securities Business 
Days; and 
SOFRi means, in respect of each U.S. Government 
Securities Business Dayi, the SOFR in respect of such 
U.S. Government Securities Business Day i; 
(z) 
if "SOFR Index with Observation Shift" is specified in 
the applicable Final Terms: 
( 𝑆𝑂𝐹𝑅 𝐼𝑛𝑑𝑒𝑥𝐹𝑖𝑛𝑎𝑙
𝑆𝑂𝐹𝑅 𝐼𝑛𝑑𝑒𝑥𝐼𝑛𝑖𝑡𝑖𝑎𝑙
−1) × 360
𝑑𝑐
 
Where 
dc means, in respect of each Interest Period, the 
number of calendar days in the relevant Interest 
Period; 
Observation Shift Days means the number of U.S. 
Government Securities Business Days specified as 
such in the applicable Final Terms or, if no such 
number is specified, two U.S. Government Securities 
Business Days; 
SOFR Index means with respect to any U.S. 
Government Securities Business Day, (i) the SOFR 
Index value as published by the NY Federal Reserve 
as such index appears on the NY Federal Reserve's 
Website at the SOFR Determination Time; or (ii) if the 
SOFR Index specified in (i) above does not so appear, 
unless both a SOFR Transition Event and its related 
SOFR Replacement Date have occurred, the SOFR 
Index as published in respect of the first preceding 
U.S. Government Securities Business Day for which 
the SOFR Index was published on the NY Federal 
Reserve’s Website; 
SOFR IndexFinal means, in respect of an Interest 
Period, the value of the SOFR Index on the date falling 
the number of U.S. Government Securities Business 
Days equal to the Observation Shift Days prior to the 
next occurring Interest Period End Date in such 
Interest Period; and 
SOFR IndexInitial means, in respect of an Interest 
Period, the value of the SOFR Index on the date falling 
the number of U.S. Government Securities Business 
Days equal to the Observation Shift Days prior to the 
first day of such Interest Period (or, in the case of the 
first Interest Period, the Interest Commencement 
Date);

--- Page 122 ---
122 
Reuters Page USDSOFR= means the Reuters page 
designated "USDSOFR=" or any successor page or service;  
NY Federal Reserve means the Federal Reserve Bank of New 
York; 
NY Federal Reserve's Website means the website of the NY 
Federal Reserve, currently at www.newyorkfed.org, or any 
successor website of the NY Federal Reserve or the website of 
any successor administrator of SOFR; 
SOFR means the rate determined by the Agent or the 
Calculation Agent, as applicable, in respect of a U.S. 
Government Securities Business Day, in accordance with the 
following provisions: (a) the Secured Overnight Financing 
Rate in respect of such U.S. Government Securities Business 
Day that appears at approximately 3:00 p.m. (New York City 
time) (the SOFR Determination Time) on the NY Federal 
Reserve's Website on such U.S. Government Securities 
Business Day, as such rate is reported on the Bloomberg 
Screen SOFRRATE Page for such U.S. Government Securities 
Business Day or, if no such rate is reported on the Bloomberg 
Screen SOFRRATE Page, then the Secured Overnight 
Financing Rate that is reported on the Reuters Page 
USDSOFR= or, if no such rate is reported on the Reuters Page 
USDSOFR=, then the Secured Overnight Financing Rate that 
appears at approximately 3:00 p.m. (New York City time) on 
the NY Federal Reserve's Website on such U.S. Government 
Securities Business Day (the SOFR Screen Page); or (b) if the 
rate specified in (a) above does not so appear and the Agent or 
the Calculation Agent, as applicable, determines that a SOFR 
Transition Event has not occurred, the Secured Overnight 
Financing Rate published on the NY Federal Reserve's 
Website for the first preceding U.S. Government Securities 
Business Day for which the Secured Overnight Financing Rate 
was published on the NY Federal Reserve's Website; 
SOFR Arithmetic Mean means, with respect to an Interest 
Period, the arithmetic mean of the SOFR for each calendar day 
during such Interest Period, as calculated by the Agent or the 
Calculation Agent, as applicable, provided that, the SOFR in 
respect of each calendar day during the period from (and 
including) the SOFR Cut-Off Date to (but excluding) the next 
occurring Interest Period End Date will be the SOFR on the 
SOFR Cut-Off Date. For these purposes, the SOFR in respect 
of any calendar day which is not a U.S. Government Securities 
Business Day shall, subject to the preceding proviso, be 
deemed to be the SOFR in respect of the U.S. Government 
Securities Business Day immediately preceding such calendar 
day; 
SOFR Cut-Off Date means, unless specified as not applicable 
in the applicable Final Terms, in respect of an Interest Period, 
the fourth U.S. Government Securities Business Day prior to 
the next occurring Interest Period End Date in such Interest 
Period (or such other number of U.S. Government Securities 
Business Days specified in the applicable Final Terms); and  
U.S. Government Securities Business Day means any day 
except for a Saturday, Sunday or a day on which the Securities

--- Page 123 ---
123 
Industry and Financial Markets Association ("SIFMA") 
recommends that the fixed income departments of its members 
be closed for the entire day for purposes of trading in U.S. 
government securities. Notwithstanding paragraphs (I) to (III) 
above, if the Agent or the Calculation Agent, as applicable, 
determines on or prior to the SOFR Determination Time, that 
a SOFR Transition Event and its related SOFR Replacement 
Date have occurred with respect to the relevant SOFR 
Benchmark (as defined below), then the provisions set forth in 
Condition 4(b)(ii)(D)(IV) (SOFR Replacement Provisions) 
below will apply to all determinations of the Rate of Interest 
for each Interest Period thereafter. 
(IV) 
SOFR Replacement Provisions 
If the Agent or the Calculation Agent, as applicable, 
determines at any time prior to the SOFR Determination Time 
on any U.S. Government Securities Business Day that a SOFR 
Transition Event and the related SOFR Replacement Date have 
occurred, the Calculation Agent will appoint an agent (the 
Replacement Rate Determination Agent) which will 
determine the SOFR Replacement. 
The Replacement Rate Determination Agent may be (x) a 
leading bank, broker-dealer or benchmark agent in the 
principal financial centre of the Specified Currency as 
appointed by the Calculation Agent, (y) the Issuer, (z) an 
affiliate of the Issuer or the Calculation Agent or (zz) such 
other entity that the Calculation Agent determines to be 
competent to carry out such role. 
In connection with the determination of the SOFR 
Replacement, the Replacement Rate Determination Agent will 
determine appropriate SOFR Replacement Conforming 
Changes. Any determination, decision or election that may be 
made by the Calculation Agent or Replacement Rate 
Determination Agent (as the case may be) pursuant to these 
provisions, will (in the absence of manifest error) be 
conclusive and binding on the Issuer, the Calculation Agent, 
the Agent and the Noteholders. 
Following the designation of a SOFR Replacement, the Agent 
or the Calculation Agent, as applicable, may subsequently 
determine that a SOFR Transition Event and a related SOFR 
Replacement Date have occurred in respect of such SOFR 
Replacement, provided that the SOFR Benchmark has already 
been substituted by the SOFR Replacement and any SOFR 
Replacement Conforming Changes in connection with such 
substitution have been applied. In such circumstances, the 
SOFR Replacement shall be deemed to be the SOFR 
Benchmark and all relevant definitions shall be construed 
accordingly. 
In connection with the SOFR Replacement provisions above, 
the following definitions shall apply: 
ISDA Definitions means the 2021 ISDA Definitions, as 
amended or supplemented from time to time, provided that, if 
the Replacement Rate Determination Agent determines that it 
is appropriate, ISDA Definitions will mean any successor

--- Page 124 ---
124 
definitional booklet to the 2021 ISDA Definitions as 
supplemented from time to time for interest rate derivatives, 
all as determined as of the date of the relevant determination 
under this Condition; 
ISDA Fallback Adjustment means the spread adjustment 
(which may be a positive or negative value or zero) that would 
apply for derivatives transactions referencing the ISDA 
Definitions to be determined upon the occurrence of a SOFR 
Transition Event with respect to SOFR for the applicable tenor;  
ISDA Fallback Rate means the rate that would apply for 
derivatives transactions referencing the ISDA Definitions to be 
effective upon the occurrence of a SOFR Transition Event with 
respect to SOFR for the applicable tenor excluding the 
applicable ISDA Fallback Adjustment; 
Relevant Governmental Body means the Board of Governors 
of the Federal Reserve System and/or the NY Federal Reserve 
or a committee officially endorsed or convened by the Board 
of Governors of the Federal Reserve System and/or the NY 
Federal Reserve or any successor thereto; 
SOFR Benchmark means (a) (unless SOFR Compound or 
SOFR Index with Observation Shift is specified in the 
applicable Final Terms) SOFR or (b) SOFR Index (each as 
defined in Condition 4.(b)(ii)(D)(III) above); 
SOFR Replacement means any one (or more) of the SOFR 
Replacement 
Alternatives 
to 
be determined 
by 
the 
Replacement Rate Determination Agent as of the SOFR 
Replacement Date if the Agent or the Calculation Agent, as 
applicable, determines that a SOFR Transition Event and its 
related SOFR Replacement Date have occurred on or prior to 
the SOFR Determination Time in respect of any determination 
of the SOFR Benchmark on any U.S. Government Securities 
Business Day in accordance with: (a) the order of priority 
specified SOFR Replacement Alternatives Priority in the 
applicable Final Terms; or (b) if no such order of priority is 
specified, in accordance with the following priority: I. 
Relevant Governmental Body Replacement; II. ISDA Fallback 
Replacement; and III. Industry Replacement, provided, in each 
case, that, if the Replacement Rate Determination Agent is 
unable to determine the SOFR Replacement in accordance 
with the first SOFR Replacement Alternative listed, it shall 
attempt to determine the SOFR Replacement in accordance 
with the each subsequent SOFR Replacement Alternative until 
a SOFR Replacement is determined. The SOFR Replacement 
will replace the then-current SOFR Benchmark for the purpose 
of determining the relevant Rate in respect of the relevant 
Interest Period and each subsequent Interest Period, subject to 
the occurrence of a subsequent SOFR Transition Event and 
related SOFR Replacement Date; 
SOFR Replacement Alternatives means: (a) the sum of: (i) 
the alternative rate that has been selected or recommended by 
the Relevant Governmental Body as the replacement for the 
then-current SOFR Benchmark for the relevant Interest Period 
and (ii) the SOFR Replacement Adjustment (the Relevant 
Governmental Body Replacement); (b) the sum of: (i) the

--- Page 125 ---
125 
ISDA Fallback Rate and (ii) the SOFR Replacement 
Adjustment (the ISDA Fallback Replacement); or (c) the sum 
of: (i) the alternative rate that has been selected by the 
Replacement Rate Determination Agent as the replacement for 
the then-current SOFR Benchmark for the relevant Interest 
Period giving due consideration to any industry-accepted rate 
as a replacement for the then-current SOFR Benchmark for 
U.S. dollar-denominated floating rate securities at such time 
and (ii) the SOFR Replacement Adjustment (the Industry 
Replacement); 
SOFR Replacement Adjustment means the first alternative 
set forth in the order below that can be determined by the 
Replacement Rate Determination Agent as of the applicable 
SOFR Replacement Date: (a) the spread adjustment, or method 
for calculating or determining such spread adjustment (which 
may be a positive or negative value or zero) that has been 
selected or recommended by the Relevant Governmental Body 
for the applicable Unadjusted SOFR Replacement; (b) if the 
applicable Unadjusted SOFR Replacement is equivalent to the 
ISDA Fallback Rate, the ISDA Spread Adjustment; or (c) the 
spread adjustment (which may be a positive or negative value 
or zero) determined by the Replacement Rate Determination 
Agent giving due consideration to any industry-accepted 
spread adjustment, or method for calculating or determining 
such spread adjustment, for the replacement of the then-current 
SOFR Benchmark with the applicable Unadjusted SOFR 
Replacement for U.S. dollar-denominated floating rate 
securities at such time; 
SOFR Replacement Conforming Changes means, with 
respect 
to 
any 
SOFR 
Replacement, 
any 
technical, 
administrative or operational changes (including, but not 
limited to, changes to timing and frequency of determining 
rates with respect to each interest period and making payments 
of interest, rounding of amounts or tenors, day count fractions, 
business day convention and other administrative matters) that 
the Replacement Rate Determination Agent decides may be 
appropriate to reflect the adoption of such SOFR Replacement 
in a manner substantially consistent with market practice (or, 
if the Replacement Rate Determination Agent determines that 
adoption of any portion of such market practice is not 
administratively feasible or if the Replacement Rate 
Determination Agent determines that no market practice for 
use of the SOFR Replacement exists, in such other manner as 
the Replacement Rate Determination Agent or the Calculation 
Agent, as the case may be, determines is reasonably necessary, 
acting in good faith and in a commercially reasonable manner);  
SOFR Replacement Date means the earliest to occur of the 
following events with respect to the then-current SOFR 
Benchmark (including the daily published component used in 
the calculation thereof): (a) in the case of sub-paragraphs (a) 
or (b) of the definition of SOFR Transition Event the later of 
(i) the date of the public statement or publication of 
information referenced therein and (ii) the date on which the 
administrator of the SOFR Benchmark permanently or 
indefinitely ceases to provide the SOFR Benchmark (or such 
component); or (b) in the case of sub-paragraph (c) of the

--- Page 126 ---
126 
definition of "SOFR Transition Event" the date of the public 
statement or publication of information referenced therein; or 
(c) in the case of sub-paragraph (d), the last such consecutive 
U.S. Government Securities Business Day on which the SOFR 
Benchmark has not been published, provided that, in the event 
of any public statements or publications of information as 
referenced in sub-paragraphs (a) or (b) above, should such 
event or circumstance referred to in such a public statement or 
publication occur on a date falling later than three (3) months 
after the relevant public statement or publication, the SOFR 
Transition Event shall be deemed to occur on the date falling 
three (3) months prior to such specified date (and not the date 
of the relevant public statement or publication). For the 
avoidance of doubt, if the event giving rise to the SOFR 
Replacement Date occurs on the same day as, but earlier than, 
the SOFR Determination Time in respect of any determination, 
the SOFR Replacement Date will be deemed to have occurred 
prior to the SOFR Determination Time for such determination;  
SOFR Transition Event means the occurrence of any one or 
more of the following events with respect to the then-current 
SOFR Benchmark (including the daily published component 
used in the calculation thereof): (a) a public statement or 
publication of information by or on behalf of the administrator 
of the SOFR Benchmark (or such component, if relevant) 
announcing that such administrator has ceased or will cease to 
provide the SOFR Benchmark (or such component, if 
relevant), permanently or indefinitely, provided that, at the 
time of such statement or publication, there is no successor 
administrator that will continue to provide the SOFR 
Benchmark (or such component, if relevant); (b) a public 
statement or publication of information by the regulatory 
supervisor for the administrator of the Benchmark (or such 
component, if relevant), the central bank for the currency of 
the SOFR Benchmark (or such component, if relevant), an 
insolvency official with jurisdiction over the administrator for 
the SOFR Benchmark (or such component, if relevant), a 
resolution authority with jurisdiction over the administrator for 
SOFR (or such component, if relevant) or a court or an entity 
with similar insolvency or resolution authority over the 
administrator for the SOFR Benchmark (or such component, if 
relevant), which states that the administrator of the SOFR 
Benchmark (or such component, if relevant) has ceased or will 
cease to provide the SOFR Benchmark (or such component, if 
relevant) permanently or indefinitely, provided that, at the time 
of such statement or publication, there is no successor 
administrator that will continue to provide the SOFR 
Benchmark (or such component, if relevant); (c) a public 
statement or publication of information by the regulatory 
supervisor for the administrator of the SOFR Benchmark (or 
such component, if relevant) announcing that the SOFR 
Benchmark (or such component, if relevant) is no longer 
representative, the SOFR Benchmark (or such component, if 
relevant) has been or will be prohibited from being used or that 
its use has been or will be subject to restrictions or adverse 
consequences, either generally or in respect of the Notes; or (d) 
the SOFR Benchmark is not published by its administrator (or 
a successor administrator) for six (6) consecutive U.S. 
Government Securities Business Days; and

--- Page 127 ---
127 
Unadjusted Benchmark Replacement means the SOFR 
Replacement prior to the application of any SOFR 
Replacement Adjustment. 
(E) 
Screen Rate Determination for Floating Rate Notes and €STR 
(I) 
Where "Screen Rate Determination – €STR" is specified in the 
applicable Final Terms as the manner in which a Rate of 
Interest or Rate is to be determined, such Rate of Interest for 
each Interest Period, will be Compounded Daily €STR plus or 
minus (as indicated in the applicable Final Terms) the Margin 
(if any), all as determined by the Calculation Agent, calculated 
in accordance with this Condition 4(b)(ii)(E)(I), subject to the 
provisions of Condition 4(b)(ii)(E)(II).  
For the purposes of this Condition 4(b)(ii)(E), the following 
definitions shall apply: 
Compounded Daily €STR means, with respect to an Interest 
Period, the rate of return of a daily compound interest 
investment in euro (with the daily euro short term rate as the 
reference rate for the calculation of interest) calculated by the 
Calculation Agent on the relevant Interest Determination Date, 
in accordance with the following formula: 
[∏
(1 + 𝑅𝑒𝑙𝑒𝑣𝑎𝑛𝑡 €𝑆𝑇𝑅𝑖× 𝑛𝑖
360
)
𝑑0
𝑖=1
−1] × 360
𝑑 
where the resulting percentage will be rounded (if necessary) 
to the nearest fifth decimal place, with 0.000005 being rounded 
upwards; 
d means the number of calendar days in (x) if "Lag" is 
specified as the Observation Method in the applicable Final 
Terms, the relevant Interest Period or (y) if "Shift" is specified 
as the Observation Method in the applicable Final Terms, the 
relevant Observation Lookback Period; 
d0 means the number of TARGET2 Business Days in (x) if 
"Lag" is specified as the Observation Method in the applicable 
Final Terms, the relevant Interest Period or (y) if "Shift" is 
specified as the Observation Method in the applicable Final 
Terms, the relevant Observation Lookback Period; 
€STR means, in respect of any TARGET2 Business Day, the 
reference rate equal to the daily euro short term rate (€STR) 
for such TARGET2 Business Day as provided by the European 
Central Bank, as the administrator of such rate (or any 
successor administrator of such rate) on the website of the 
European 
Central 
Bank 
at 
https://www.ecb.europa.eu/home/html/index.en.html, or any 
successor website or the website of any successor 
administrator for the publication of such rate (the ECB 
Website) on such TARGET2 Business Day or if the ECB 
Website is unavailable as otherwise published by or on behalf 
of the relevant administrator; 
€STRi-pTBD means, in respect of any TARGET2 Business Day 
i, €STR for the TARGET2 Business Day falling p TARGET2

--- Page 128 ---
128 
Business Days prior to the relevant TARGET2 Business Day 
i; 
i means a series of whole numbers from one to d0, each 
representing the relevant TARGET2 Business Day in 
chronological order from, and including, the first TARGET2 
Business Day in (x) if "Lag" is specified as the Observation 
Method in the applicable Final Terms, the relevant Interest 
Period or (y) if "Shift" is specified as the Observation Method 
in the applicable Final Terms, the relevant Observation 
Lookback Period; 
Lookback Period or p means, in respect of an Interest Period, 
the number of TARGET2 Business Days specified in the 
applicable Final Terms (or, if no such number is specified, five 
TARGET2 Business Days); 
ni means, in respect of any TARGET2 Business Day i, the 
number of calendar days from (and including) such TARGET2 
Business Day i to (but excluding) the following TARGET2 
Business Day; 
Observation Lookback Period means, in respect of an 
Interest Period, the period from (and including) the date falling 
p TARGET2 Business Days prior to the first day of the 
relevant Interest Period and ending on (but excluding) the date 
which is p TARGET2 Business Days prior to the Interest 
Period End Date falling at the end of such Interest Period;  
Relevant €STRi means, in respect of any TARGET2 Business 
Day i: (x) if "Lag" is specified as the Observation Method in 
the applicable Final Terms, €STRi-pTBD; or (y) if "Shift" is 
specified as the Observation Method in the applicable Final 
Terms, €STRi-, where €STRi- is, in respect of any TARGET2 
Business Day i falling in the relevant Observation Lookback 
Period, €STR for such day; and 
T2 means the real time gross settlement system operated by the 
Eurosystem, or any successor system. 
TARGET2 Business Day means a day on which the 
TARGET2 System, or, once operational, T2, is open. 
(II) 
€STR Fallback provisions 
(x) 
A €STR Transition Event has occurred 
If the Calculation Agent determines at any time prior 
to the €STR Reference Time on any TARGET2 
Business Day that a €STR Transition Event and the 
related €STR Replacement Date have occurred, the 
Calculation Agent will appoint an agent (the 
Replacement Rate Determination Agent) which 
will 
determine 
the 
€STR 
Replacement. 
The 
Replacement Rate Determination Agent may be () a 
leading bank, broker-dealer or benchmark agent in the 
principal financial centre of the Specified Currency as 
appointed by the Calculation Agent, () the Issuer, () 
an affiliate of the Issuer or the Calculation Agent or () 
such other entity that the Calculation Agent

--- Page 129 ---
129 
determines to be competent to carry out such role. In 
connection with the determination of the €STR 
Replacement: (X) the €STR Replacement will replace 
the then-current €STR Benchmark for all purposes 
relating to the relevant Notes in respect of such 
determination on such date and all determinations on 
all subsequent dates; (Y) the Replacement Rate 
Determination Agent may make €STR Replacement 
Conforming Changes with respect to the relevant 
Notes from time to time; (Z) any determination, 
decision or election that may be made by the 
Replacement Rate Determination Agent pursuant to 
this 
Condition 
4(b)(ii)(E)(II), 
including 
any 
determination with respect to a tenor, rate or 
adjustment or of the occurrence or non-occurrence of 
an event, circumstance or date and any decision to take 
or refrain from taking any action or any selection, in 
each case, solely with respect to the relevant Notes, 
will be conclusive and binding absent manifest error, 
will be made by the Replacement Rate Determination 
Agent acting in good faith and a commercially 
reasonable manner; (AA) to the extent that there is any 
inconsistency between this Condition and any other 
Terms and Conditions, this Condition 4(b)(ii)(E)(II). 
shall prevail with respect to any Notes for which the 
Rate of Interest is calculated in accordance with this 
Condition 4(b)(ii)(E)(II); (BB) the Calculation Agent 
may determine that it is appropriate for a €STR 
Replacement to replace the then-current €STR 
Benchmark and apply any €STR Replacement 
Conforming Changes in respect of any subsequent 
€STR Transition Event; and (CC) where a €STR 
Transition Event or details of it are announced prior to 
the relevant €STR Replacement Date then the 
Replacement Rate Determination Agent may on or 
after such earlier announcement date give notice to 
Noteholders in accordance with Condition 13 of the 
relevant changes which will be made to the Notes, 
provided that, such changes will only take effect as of 
the €STR Replacement Date. 
(y) 
A €STR Transition Event has not occurred and the 
€STR Benchmark is unavailable 
If, by the relevant €STR Reference Time on a relevant 
determination 
date, the 
€STR 
Benchmark is 
unavailable in respect of such determination date and 
a €STR Transition Event has not occurred, then the 
rate for such determination date will be the €STR 
Benchmark, where applicable, of the Corresponding 
Tenor, as provided by the administrator of the €STR 
Benchmark and published by an alternative authorised 
distributor or by or on behalf of the administrator of 
the €STR Benchmark itself. If no such rate has been 
published by the Rate Cut-Off Time specified in the 
applicable Final Terms (or if no time is so specified, 4 
p.m. (London time)), then the rate for such 
determination date will be the rate determined by the 
Calculation Agent to be a commercially reasonable

--- Page 130 ---
130 
alternative for the €STR Benchmark by applying one 
of the following rates: (1) a rate formally 
recommended for use by the administrator of the 
€STR Benchmark; or (2) a rate formally recommended 
for use by the Relevant Governmental Body or any 
other supervisor which is responsible for supervising 
the €STR Benchmark or the administrator of the €STR 
Benchmark, in each case, during the period of non-
publication of the €STR Benchmark and for so long as 
a €STR Transition Event has not occurred. If a rate 
described in sub-paragraph (1) is available, the 
Calculation Agent shall apply that rate. If no such rate 
is available, but a rate described in sub-paragraph (2) 
is available, the Calculation Agent shall apply that 
rate. If neither a rate described in sub-paragraph (1) 
nor a rate described in sub-paragraph (2) is available, 
then the Calculation Agent shall determine a 
commercially reasonable alternative for the €STR 
Benchmark taking into account, where available, any 
rate implemented by central counterparties and/or 
futures exchanges, in each case with trading volumes 
in derivatives or futures referencing the €STR 
Benchmark that the Calculation Agent considers 
sufficient for that rate to be a representative alternative 
rate. 
(III) 
€STR Fallback Definitions 
Notwithstanding any other definitions to the contrary in these 
Terms and Conditions, the following definitions shall apply 
with respect to this Condition 4(b)(ii)(E): 
Corresponding Tenor with respect to a €STR Replacement 
means a tenor (including overnight) having approximately the 
same length (disregarding business day adjustment) as the 
applicable tenor for the then-current €STR Benchmark. 
€STR Benchmark means, initially, Compounded Daily €STR 
(as defined in Condition 4(b)(ii)(E)(I) above) of the 
appropriate tenor (if applicable), provided that, if a €STR 
Transition Event and its related €STR Replacement Date have 
occurred with respect to Compounded Daily €STR, or the 
then-current €STR Benchmark, then "€STR Benchmark" 
means the applicable €STR Replacement. 
€STR Reference Time with respect to any determination of 
the €STR Benchmark means 11:00 am (Brussels time) on the 
TARGET2 Business Day immediately following the date of 
such determination. 
€STR Replacement means the first alternative set forth in the 
order below that can be determined by the Replacement Rate 
Determination Agent as of the €STR Replacement Date: (1) 
the ISDA Fallback Rate; (2) the alternative rate of interest that 
has been selected or recommended by the Relevant 
Governmental Body as the replacement for the then-current 
€STR Benchmark, where applicable, for the applicable 
Corresponding Tenor; or (3) the alternative rate of interest that 
has been selected by the Replacement Rate Determination 
Agent as the replacement for the then-current €STR

--- Page 131 ---
131 
Benchmark, 
where 
applicable 
for 
the 
applicable 
Corresponding Tenor, giving due consideration to any 
industry-accepted rate of interest as a replacement for the then-
current €STR Benchmark for floating rate securities 
denominated in the currency of the €STR Benchmark (the 
Relevant Benchmark Currency) calculated at such time.  
€STR Replacement Conforming Changes means, with 
respect 
to 
any 
€STR 
Replacement, 
any 
technical, 
administrative or operational changes (including, but not 
limited to, timing and frequency of determining rates with 
respect to each interest period and making payments of 
interest, rounding of amounts or tenors, day count fractions, 
business day convention, amendments to any other Condition 
and other administrative matters) that the Replacement Rate 
Determination Agent decides may be appropriate to reflect the 
adoption of such €STR Replacement in a manner substantially 
consistent with market practice (or, if the Replacement Rate 
Determination Agent determines that adoption of any portion 
of such market practice is not administratively feasible or if the 
Replacement Rate Determination Agent determines that no 
market practice for use of the €STR Replacement exists, in 
such other manner as the Replacement Rate Determination 
Agent or the Calculation Agent, as the case may be, determines 
is reasonably necessary, acting in good faith and in a 
commercially reasonable manner). 
€STR Replacement Date means the earliest to occur of the 
following events with respect to the then-current €STR 
Benchmark: (1) in the case of paragraph (1) or (2) of the 
definition of "€STR Transition Event", the later of (a) the date 
of the public statement or publication of information 
referenced therein and (b) the date on which the administrator 
of the €STR Benchmark permanently or indefinitely ceases to 
provide such €STR Benchmark; or (2) in the case of paragraph 
(3) of the definition of "€STR Transition Event", the date of 
the public statement or publication of information referenced 
therein, for the avoidance of doubt, if the event giving rise to 
the €STR Replacement Date occurs on the same day as, but 
earlier than, the €STR Reference Time in respect of any 
determination, the €STR Replacement Date will be deemed to 
have occurred prior to the €STR Reference Time for such 
determination. 
€STR Transition Event means the occurrence of one or more 
of the following events with respect to the then-current €STR 
Benchmark: (1) a public statement or publication of 
information by or on behalf of the administrator of the €STR 
Benchmark announcing that the administrator has ceased or 
will cease to provide the €STR Benchmark permanently or 
indefinitely, provided that, at the time of such statement or 
publication, there is no successor administrator that will 
continue to provide the €STR Benchmark; (2) a public 
statement or publication of information by the regulatory 
supervisor for the administrator of the €STR Benchmark, the 
central bank for the currency of the €STR Benchmark, an 
insolvency official with jurisdiction over the administrator for 
the €STR Benchmark, a resolution authority with jurisdiction 
over the administrator for the €STR Benchmark or a court or

--- Page 132 ---
132 
an entity with similar insolvency or resolution authority over 
the administrator for the €STR Benchmark, which states that 
the administrator of the €STR Benchmark has ceased or will 
cease to provide the €STR Benchmark permanently or 
indefinitely, provided that, at the time of such statement or 
publication, there is no successor administrator that will 
continue to provide the €STR Benchmark; or (3) a public 
statement or publication of information by the regulatory 
supervisor for the administrator of the €STR Benchmark 
announcing that the €STR Benchmark is no longer 
representative, the €STR Benchmark has been or will be 
prohibited from being used or that its use has been or will be 
subject to restrictions or adverse consequences, either 
generally or in respect of the Notes. 
ISDA Definitions means the 2006 ISDA Definitions published 
by the International Swaps and Derivatives Association, Inc. 
or any successor thereto ("ISDA"), as amended or 
supplemented from time to time (the "2006 ISDA 
Definitions"), provided that, if the Replacement Rate 
Determination Agent determines that it is appropriate, ISDA 
Definitions will mean any successor definitional booklet to the 
2006 ISDA Definitions as supplemented from time to time for 
interest rate derivatives, all as determined as of the date of the 
relevant determination under this Condition. 
ISDA Fallback Adjustment means the spread adjustment 
(which may be a positive or negative value or zero) that would 
apply for derivatives transactions referencing the ISDA 
Definitions to be determined upon the occurrence of a €STR 
Transition Event with respect to the €STR Benchmark for the 
applicable tenor. 
ISDA Fallback Rate means the rate that would apply for 
derivatives transactions referencing the ISDA Definitions to be 
effective upon the occurrence of a €STR Transition Event with 
respect to the €STR Benchmark for the applicable tenor 
excluding the applicable ISDA Fallback Adjustment. 
Rate Cut-off Time has the meaning given to it in the 
applicable Final Terms. 
Relevant Governmental Body means the European Central 
Bank (including any board thereof) or any committee officially 
endorsed and/or convened thereby. 
(F) 
Screen Rate Determination for Floating Rate Notes and SARON 
(I) 
Where "Screen Rate Determination – SARON" is specified in 
the applicable Final Terms as the manner in which the Rate of 
Interest or Rate is to be determined, such Rate of Interest for 
each Interest Period will be Compounded Daily SARON plus 
or minus (as indicated in the applicable Final Terms) the 
Margin (if any), all as determined by the Calculation Agent, 
calculated in accordance with this Condition 4(b)(ii)(F)(I), 
subject to the provisions of Condition 4(b)(ii)(F)(II). 
The following definitions shall apply for the purpose of this 
Condition 4(b)(ii)(F):

--- Page 133 ---
133 
Compounded Daily SARON means, with respect to an 
Interest Period, the rate of return of a daily compound interest 
investment in Swiss francs (with the daily overnight interest 
rate of the secured funding market for Swiss franc as the 
reference rate for the calculation of interest) calculated by the 
Calculation Agent on the relevant Interest Determination Date, 
in accordance with the following formula: 
[∏
(1 + 𝑆𝐴𝑅𝑂𝑁𝑖× 𝑛𝑖
360
)
𝑑0
𝑖=1
−1] × 360
𝑑 
where the resulting percentage will be rounded (if necessary) 
to the nearest fifth decimal place, with 0.000005 being rounded 
upwards. 
d is the number of calendar days in the relevant SARON 
Observation Period; 
d0 is the number of Zurich Banking Days in the relevant 
SARON Observation Period. 
i is a series of whole numbers from one to d0, each representing 
the relevant Zurich Banking Days in the relevant SARON 
Observation Period in chronological order from, and including, 
the first Zurich Banking Day in such SARON Observation 
Period; 
Lookback Period or p means, in respect of an Interest Period, 
the number of Zurich Banking Days specified in the applicable 
Final Terms (or, if no such number is specified, five Zurich 
Banking Days); 
ni means, in respect of any Zurich Banking Day i, the number 
of calendar days from (and including) such Zurich Banking 
Day i to (but excluding) the first following Zurich Banking 
Day; 
SARON means, in respect of any Zurich Banking Day: (i) the 
Swiss Average Rate Overnight for such Zurich Banking Day 
published by the SARON Administrator on the Page (or such 
replacement page which displays the information) at the 
SARON Reference Time; (ii) if such rate is not so published 
on the Page at the SARON Reference Time on such Zurich 
Banking Day, other than as a consequence of a SARON Index 
Cessation Event for which a SARON Index Cessation 
Effective Date has occurred at or prior to the SARON 
Reference Time on such Zurich Banking Day, the Swiss 
Average Rate Overnight published on the Page for the first 
preceding Zurich Banking Day for which the Swiss Average 
Rate Overnight was published on the Relevant Screen Page; or 
(iii) if such rate is not so published on the Page at the SARON 
Reference Time on such Zurich Banking Day as a consequence 
of a SARON Index Cessation Event for which a SARON Index 
Cessation Effective Date has occurred at or prior to the 
SARON Reference Time on such Zurich Banking Day, the 
SARON Replacement determined in accordance with 
4(b)(ii)(F)(II) below; 
SARON Administrator means SIX Swiss Exchange AG (or 
any successor administrator);

--- Page 134 ---
134 
SARON Observation Period means, in respect of an Interest 
Period, the period from (and including) the date falling p 
Zurich Banking Days prior to the first day of the relevant 
Interest Period and ending on (but excluding) the date which is 
p Zurich Banking Days prior to the Interest Period End Date 
falling at the end of such Interest Period; 
SARON Reference Time means, in respect of any Zurich 
Banking Day, the close of trading on the trading platform of 
SIX Repo AG (or any successor thereto) on such Zurich 
Banking Day, which is expected to be at or around 6 p.m. 
(Zurich time); 
SARONi means, in respect of any Zurich Banking Day i, 
SARON as provided by the SARON Administrator to, and 
published by, authorised distributors of SARON in respect of 
that day the SARON Reference Time (or any amended 
publication time as specified by the SARON Administrator in 
the SARON benchmark methodology) on such Zurich Banking 
Day; and 
Zurich Banking Day means any day (other than a Saturday 
and Sunday) on which commercial banks are open for general 
business (including dealing in foreign exchange and foreign 
currency deposits) in Zurich 
(II) 
SARON Replacement Provisions 
(x) 
If the Calculation Agent determines at any time prior 
to the SARON Reference Time on any Zurich Banking 
Day that a SARON Index Cessation Event and the 
related SARON Index Cessation Effective Date have 
occurred, the Calculation Agent shall determine the 
SARON Replacement. 
If there is no Recommended SARON Replacement 
Rate and the SNB Policy Rate for any Zurich Banking 
Day with respect to which SARON is to be determined 
has not been published on such Zurich Banking Day 
(the Affected Zurich Banking Day), then the 
Calculation Agent will appoint an agent (the 
Replacement Rate Determination Agent) on or prior 
to the first Zurich Banking Day in respect of which a 
SARON Index Cessation Event and related SARON 
Index Cessation Effective Date have occurred and for 
which the SNB Policy Rate has not been published.  
The Replacement Rate Determination Agent may be 
() a leading bank, broker-dealer or benchmark agent 
in the principal financial centre of the Specified 
Currency as appointed by the Calculation Agent, () 
the Issuer, () an affiliate of the Issuer or the 
Calculation Agent or () such other entity that the 
Calculation Agent determines to be competent to carry 
out such role. The Replacement Rate Determination 
Agent will determine whether to use an alternative rate 
to SARON for the Affected Zurich Banking Day and 
for all subsequent Zurich Banking Days in the 
SARON Observation Period in which the Affected

--- Page 135 ---
135 
Zurich Banking Day falls (the Affected SARON 
Observation Period) and all SARON Observation 
Periods thereafter. 
For the purposes of determining the Rate of Interest: 
(i) the Replacement Rate Determination Agent shall 
determine: (A) the method for determining the 
SARON Replacement (including any alternative 
method for determining the SARON Replacement if 
such alternative rate is unavailable on the relevant 
Interest Determination Date), which method shall be 
consistent with industry-accepted practices for the 
SARON Replacement and (B) any adjustment factor 
as may be necessary to make the SARON 
Replacement comparable to the then current SARON 
Benchmark 
consistent 
with 
industry-accepted 
practices for the SARON Replacement; (ii) for the 
Affected Zurich Banking Day and all subsequent 
Zurich Banking Days in the Affected SARON 
Observation Period and all SARON Observation 
Periods thereafter, references to SARON in the Terms 
and Conditions shall be deemed to be references to the 
SARON Replacement, including any alternative 
method for determining such rate and any adjustment 
factor as described in sub-clause (i) above; (iii) the 
Replacement Rate Determination Agent may make 
SARON Replacement Conforming Changes with 
respect to the Notes from time to time; (iv) any 
determination, decision or election that may be made 
by the Replacement Rate Determination Agent 
pursuant to this Condition 4(b)(ii)(F)(II) including any 
SARON Replacement Conforming Changes or of the 
occurrence 
or 
non-occurrence 
of 
an 
event, 
circumstance or date and any decision to take or 
refrain from taking any action or any selection, in each 
case, solely with respect to the relevant Notes, will be 
conclusive and binding absent manifest error and will 
be made by the Replacement Rate Determination 
Agent acting in good faith and a commercially 
reasonable manner; (v) to the extent that there is any 
inconsistency between this Condition and any other 
Terms and Conditions, this Condition 4(b)(ii)(F) shall 
prevail with respect to any Notes for which the Rate of 
Interest or Rate is calculated in accordance with this 
Condition 4(b)(ii)(F); (vi) the Calculation Agent may 
determine that it is appropriate for a SARON 
Replacement to replace the then-current SARON 
Benchmark and apply any SARON Replacement 
Conforming Changes in respect of any subsequent 
SARON Index Cessation Event; and (vii) where a 
SARON Index Cessation Event or details of it are 
announced prior to the relevant SARON Index 
Cessation Effective Date then the Replacement Rate 
Determination Agent may on or after such earlier 
announcement date give notice to Noteholders in 
accordance with Condition 13 of the relevant changes 
which will be made to the Notes, provided that, such 
changes will only take effect as of the SARON Index 
Cessation Effective Date.

--- Page 136 ---
136 
(y) 
As used in this Condition 4(b)(ii)(F)(II), the following 
definitions shall apply: 
Recommended SARON Adjustment Spread means, 
with 
respect 
to 
any 
Recommended 
SARON 
Replacement Rate: (i) the spread (which may be 
positive, negative or zero), formula or methodology 
for calculating such a spread, that the Recommending 
Body has recommended be applied to such 
Recommended SARON Replacement Rate in the case 
of fixed income securities with respect to which such 
Recommended SARON Replacement Rate has 
replaced the Swiss Average Rate Overnight as the 
reference rate for the purposes of determining the 
applicable rate of interest thereon; or (ii) if the 
Recommending Body has not recommended such a 
spread, formula or methodology as described in clause 
(i) above to be applied to such Recommended SARON 
Replacement Rate, for the purposes of determining 
SARON, the Calculation Agent will determine the 
spread, acting in good faith and in a commercially 
reasonable manner, to reduce or eliminate, to the 
extent reasonably practicable under the circumstances, 
any economic prejudice or benefit (as applicable) to 
Noteholders as a result of the replacement of the Swiss 
Average Rate Overnight with such Recommended 
SARON Replacement Rate. The Calculation Agent 
will take into account industry-accepted practices for 
fixed income securities with respect to which such 
Recommended SARON Replacement Rate has 
replaced the Swiss Average Rate Overnight as the 
reference rate for the purposes of determining the 
applicable rate of interest thereon; 
Recommended SARON Replacement Rate means 
the rate that has been recommended as the replacement 
for the Swiss Average Rate Overnight by any working 
group or committee in Switzerland organised in the 
same or a similar manner as the National Working 
Group on Swiss Franc Reference Rates that was 
founded in 2013 for the purposes of, among other 
things, considering proposals to reform reference 
interest rates in Switzerland (any such working group 
or committee, the Recommending Body); 
SARON Benchmark means, initially, Compounded 
Daily SARON (as defined in Condition 4(b)(ii)(F)(I) 
above), provided that, if a SARON Index Cessation 
Event and its related SARON Index Cessation 
Effective Date have occurred with respect to 
Compounded Daily SARON, or the then-current 
SARON Benchmark, then "SARON Benchmark" 
means the applicable SARON Replacement. "SARON 
Index Cessation Effective Date" means the earliest of: 
(i) in the case of the occurrence of a SARON Index 
Cessation Event described in clause (i) of the 
definition thereof, the date on which the SARON 
Administrator ceases to provide the Swiss Average 
Rate Overnight; (ii) in the case of the occurrence of a

--- Page 137 ---
137 
SARON Index Cessation Event described in sub-
clause (ii)(x) of the definition thereof, the latest of: (x) 
the date of such statement or publication; (y) the date, 
if any, specified in such statement or publication as the 
date on which the Swiss Average Rate Overnight will 
no longer be representative; and (z) if a SARON Index 
Cessation Event described in sub-clause (ii)(y) of the 
definition thereof has occurred on or prior to either or 
both dates specified in sub-clauses (x) and (y) of this 
clause (ii), the date as of which the Swiss Average 
Rate Overnight may no longer be used; and (iii) in the 
case of the occurrence of a SARON Index Cessation 
Event described in sub-clause (ii)(y) of the definition 
thereof, the date as of which the Swiss Average Rate 
Overnight may no longer be used; 
SARON 
Index 
Cessation 
Event means the 
occurrence of one or more of the following events: (i) 
a public statement or publication of information by or 
on behalf of the SARON Administrator, or by any 
competent authority, announcing or confirming that 
the SARON Administrator has ceased or will cease to 
provide 
the 
Swiss 
Average 
Rate 
Overnight 
permanently or indefinitely, provided that, at the time 
of such statement or publication, there is no successor 
administrator that will continue to provide the Swiss 
Average Rate Overnight; or (ii) a public statement or 
publication 
of 
information 
by 
the 
SARON 
Administrator or any competent authority announcing 
that (x) the Swiss Average Rate Overnight is no longer 
representative or will as of a certain date no longer be 
representative, or (y) the Swiss Average Rate 
Overnight may no longer be used after a certain date, 
which statement, in the case of sub-clause (y), is 
applicable to (but not necessarily limited to) fixed 
income securities and derivatives; 
SARON Replacement means the first alternative set 
forth in the order below that can be determined by the 
Replacement Rate Determination Agent as of the 
SARON Index Cessation Effective Date: (i) the 
Recommended SARON Replacement Rate for such 
Zurich 
Banking 
Day, 
giving 
effect 
to 
the 
Recommended SARON Adjustment Spread, if any, 
published on such Zurich Banking Day; (ii) the policy 
rate of the Swiss National Bank (the SNB Policy Rate) 
for such Zurich Banking Day, giving effect to the SNB 
Adjustment Spread, if any; or (iii) the alternative rate 
of interest that has been selected by the Replacement 
Rate Determination Agent as the replacement for the 
then-current 
SARON 
Benchmark, 
being 
such 
industry-accepted successor rate or, if no such rate 
exists, it shall select such rate that it has determined is 
most comparable to the Swiss Average Rate 
Overnight; 
SARON Replacement Conforming Changes means, 
with respect to any SARON Replacement, any 
technical, administrative or operational changes

--- Page 138 ---
138 
(including, but not limited to, timing and frequency of 
determining rates with respect to each interest period 
and making payments of interest, rounding of amounts 
or tenors, day count fractions, business day 
convention, amendments to any other Condition and 
other administrative matters) that the Replacement 
Rate Determination Agent decides may be appropriate 
to reflect the adoption of such SARON Replacement 
in a manner substantially consistent with market 
practice (or, if the Replacement Rate Determination 
Agent determines that adoption of any portion of such 
market practice is not administratively feasible or if 
the 
Replacement 
Rate 
Determination 
Agent 
determines that no market practice for use of the 
SARON Replacement exists, in such other manner as 
the Replacement Rate Determination Agent or the 
Calculation Agent, as the case may be, determines is 
reasonably necessary, acting in good faith and in a 
commercially reasonable manner); and 
SNB Adjustment Spread means, with respect to the 
SNB Policy Rate, the spread to be applied to the SNB 
Policy Rate in order to reduce or eliminate, to the 
extent reasonably practicable under the circumstances, 
any economic prejudice or benefit (as applicable) to 
Noteholders as a result of the replacement of the Swiss 
Average Rate Overnight with the SNB Policy Rate for 
the purposes of determining SARON, which spread 
will be determined by the Calculation Agent, acting in 
good faith and in a commercially reasonable manner, 
taking into account the historical median between the 
Swiss Average Rate Overnight and the SNB Policy 
Rate during the two year period ending on the date on 
which the SARON Index Cessation Event occurred 
(or, if more than one SARON Index Cessation Event 
has occurred, the date on which the first of such events 
occurred). 
(iii) 
Minimum and/or Maximum Interest Rate  
If the applicable Final Terms specifies a Minimum Interest Rate for any Interest 
Period, then, in the event that the Rate of Interest in respect of such Interest 
Period determined in accordance with the above provisions is less than such 
Minimum Interest Rate, the Rate of Interest for such Interest Period shall be 
such Minimum Interest Rate. If the applicable Final Terms specifies a 
Maximum Interest Rate for any Interest Period, then, in the event that the Rate 
of Interest in respect of such Interest Period determined in accordance with the 
above provisions is greater than such Maximum Interest Rate, the Rate of 
Interest for such Interest Period shall be such Maximum Interest Rate. 
(iv) 
Notification of Rate of Interest and Interest Amounts 
The Agent will cause the Rate of Interest and each Interest Amount for each 
Interest Period and the relevant Specified Interest Payment Date or, as 
applicable, Interest Payment Date, to be notified to the Issuer, the other Paying 
Agents and any Regulated Markets on which the relevant Floating Rate Notes 
are for the time being listed and notice thereof to be published in accordance 
with Condition 13 as soon as possible after their determination but in no event 
later than the fourth Luxembourg Business Day thereafter. So long as the

--- Page 139 ---
139 
Floating Rate Notes are admitted to trading on the Regulated Market of the 
Luxembourg Stock Exchange, such notification will be made by the Agent no 
later than the first day of each Interest Period. 
The expression Luxembourg Business Day means a day (other than a Saturday 
or a Sunday) on which banks and foreign exchange markets are open for 
business in Luxembourg. Each Interest Amount and Specified Interest Payment 
Date so notified may subsequently be amended (or appropriate alternative 
arrangements made by way of adjustment) without prior notice in the event of 
an extension or shortening of the Interest Period. Any such amendment will be 
promptly notified to each stock exchange on which the relevant Floating Rate 
Notes are for the time being listed and to the Noteholders in accordance with 
Condition 13. 
(v) 
Determination of Rate of Interest and Calculation of Interest Amounts 
The Agent (or, if applicable, the Calculation Agent), at or as soon as practicable 
after each time at which the Rate of Interest is to be determined, will determine 
the Rate of Interest for the relevant Interest Period.  
The Agent (or, if applicable, the Calculation Agent) will calculate the amount 
of interest (the Interest Amount) payable on the Floating Rate Notes in respect 
of each Specified Denomination for the relevant Interest Period. Each Interest 
Amount shall be calculated by applying the Rate of Interest to the Specified 
Denomination, multiplying such sum by the Day Count Fraction indicated in 
the relevant Final Terms, and rounding the resultant figure to the lowest 
recognised unit of account in the relevant Specified Currency with a half of 
such lowest unit of account being rounded upwards, save in the case of yen, 
which shall be rounded down to the nearest yen. 
(vi) 
FRN Additional Disruption Events 
The provisions of this Condition 4(b)(vi) apply to Floating Rate Notes only. 
(A) 
Consequences of the occurrence of a FRN Additional Disruption Event 
If "FRN Change in Law", "FRN Hedging Disruption" and/or "FRN 
Increased Cost of Hedging" (each, a FRN Additional Disruption 
Event) is specified in the Final Terms to be applicable, then upon the 
occurrence of any such an event, the Issuer in its sole and absolute 
discretion may take the action, if applicable, described in (1) or (2) 
below: 
(1) 
require the Calculation Agent to make such adjustments to any 
of the Conditions as it considers appropriate in its sole and 
absolute discretion to account for such FRN Additional 
Disruption Event and determine the date(s) on which any such 
adjustments will be effective; or 
(2) 
give notice to the Noteholders that it elects to redeem the 
Notes at their Early Redemption Amount. 
Upon the occurrence of a FRN Additional Disruption Event, the Issuer shall 
give notice as soon as practicable to the Noteholders stating the occurrence of 
the FRN Additional Disruption Event, giving details thereof and the action 
proposed to be taken in relation thereto. 
(B) 
Definitions 
FRN Change in Law means that, on or after the Issue Date, (A) due 
to the adoption of or any change in any applicable law or regulation

--- Page 140 ---
140 
(including, without limitation, any tax law), or (B) due to the 
promulgation of or any change in the interpretation by any court, 
tribunal or regulatory authority with competent jurisdiction of any 
applicable law or regulation (including any action taken by a taxing 
authority), the Issuer determines in its sole and absolute discretion that 
it has become illegal to hold, acquire or dispose of relevant hedge 
positions relating to the floating element of the Interest Rate. 
FRN Hedging Disruption means that the Issuer is unable, after using 
commercially reasonable efforts, to (1) acquire, establish, re-establish, 
substitute, maintain, unwind or dispose of any transaction(s) or asset(s) 
it deems necessary to hedge any relevant price risk including but not 
limited to the currency risk of the Issuer in issuing and performing its 
obligations with respect to the Notes, or (2) freely realise, recover, 
remit, receive, repatriate or transfer the proceeds of any such 
transaction(s) or asset(s). 
FRN Increased Cost of Hedging means that the Issuer would incur a 
materially increased (as compared with circumstances existing on the 
Issue Date) amount of tax, duty, expense or fee (other than brokerage 
commissions) to (i) acquire, establish, re-establish, substitute, 
maintain, unwind or dispose of any transaction(s) or asset(s) it deems 
necessary to hedge the market risk (including, without limitation, 
index price risk, foreign exchange risk and interest rate risk) of the 
Issuer in issuing and performing its obligations with respect to the 
Notes, or (ii) realise, recover or remit the proceeds of any such 
transaction(s) or asset(s), provided that any such materially increased 
amount that is incurred solely due to the deterioration of the 
creditworthiness of the Issuer shall not be deemed an Increased Cost 
of Hedging. 
(c) 
Interest on Rate Linked Notes 
This Condition 4(c) applies to Rate Linked Notes only. The interest amount payable on 
the Rate Linked Notes (the Interest Amount) will be determined in accordance with 
the provisions of the Rate Annex and the Payoff Annex attached to these Conditions. 
The applicable Final Terms contains provisions applicable to the determination of 
interest and must be read in conjunction with this Condition 4(c) for full information on 
the manner in which interest is calculated on Rate Linked Notes. 
The Calculation Agent will cause each Interest Amount (if any) to be notified to the 
Issuer, the other Paying Agents and any Regulated Markets on which the relevant Rate 
Linked Notes are for the time being listed and notice thereof to be published in 
accordance with Condition 13 as soon as possible after their determination but in no 
event later than the fourth Luxembourg Business Day thereafter. 
The expression Luxembourg Business Day means a day (other than a Saturday or a 
Sunday) on which banks and foreign exchange markets are open for business in 
Luxembourg.

--- Page 141 ---
141 
(d) 
Interest on Index Linked Notes 
This Condition 4(d) applies to Index Linked Notes only. The interest amount payable 
on the Index Linked Notes (the Interest Amount) will be determined in accordance 
with the provisions of the Index Annex and the Payoff Annex attached to these 
Conditions. The applicable Final Terms contains provisions applicable to the 
determination of interest and must be read in conjunction with this Condition 4(d) for 
full information on the manner in which interest is calculated on Index Linked Notes. 
The Calculation Agent will cause each Interest Amount (if any) to be notified to the 
Issuer, the other Paying Agents and any Regulated Markets on which the relevant 
Indexed Linked Notes are for the time being listed and notice thereof to be published 
in accordance with Condition 13 as soon as possible after their determination but in no 
event later than the fourth Luxembourg Business Day thereafter. 
The expression Luxembourg Business Day means a day (other than a Saturday or a 
Sunday) on which banks and foreign exchange markets are open for business in 
Luxembourg. 
(e) 
Interest on Inflation Linked Notes 
This Condition 4(e) applies to Inflation Linked Notes only. The interest amount payable 
on the Inflation Linked Notes (the Interest Amount) will be determined in accordance 
with the provisions of the Inflation Annex and the Payoff Annex attached to these 
Conditions. The applicable Final Terms contains provisions applicable to the 
determination of interest and must be read in conjunction with this Condition 4(e) for 
full information on the manner in which interest is calculated on Inflation Linked Notes. 
The Calculation Agent will cause each Interest Amount (if any) to be notified to the 
Issuer, the other Paying Agents and any Regulated Markets on which the relevant 
Inflation Linked Notes are for the time being listed and notice thereof to be published 
in accordance with Condition 13 as soon as possible after their determination but in no 
event later than the fourth Luxembourg Business Day thereafter. 
The expression Luxembourg Business Day means a day (other than a Saturday or a 
Sunday) on which banks and foreign exchange markets are open for business in 
Luxembourg. 
(f) 
Interest on Share Linked Notes 
This Condition 4(f) applies to Share Linked Notes only. The interest amount payable 
on the Share Linked Notes (the Interest Amount) will be determined in accordance 
with the provisions of the Share Annex and the Payoff Annex attached to these 
Conditions. The applicable Final Terms contains provisions applicable to the 
determination of interest and must be read in conjunction with this Condition 4(f) for 
full information on the manner in which interest is calculated on Share Linked Notes. 
The Calculation Agent will cause each Interest Amount (if any) to be notified to the 
Issuer, the other Paying Agents and any Regulated Markets on which the relevant Share 
Linked Notes are for the time being listed and notice thereof to be published in 
accordance with Condition 13 as soon as possible after their determination but in no 
event later than the fourth Luxembourg Business Day thereafter. 
The expression Luxembourg Business Day means a day (other than a Saturday or a 
Sunday) on which banks and foreign exchange markets are open for business in 
Luxembourg. 
(g) 
Interest on Fund Linked Notes 
This Condition 4(g) applies to Fund Linked Notes only. The interest amount payable 
on the Fund Linked Notes (the Interest Amount) will be determined in accordance

--- Page 142 ---
142 
with the provisions of the Fund Annex and the Payoff Annex attached to these 
Conditions. The applicable Final Terms contains provisions applicable to the 
determination of interest and must be read in conjunction with this Condition 4(g) for 
full information on the manner in which interest is calculated on Fund Linked Notes. 
The Calculation Agent will cause each Interest Amount (if any) to be notified to the 
Issuer, the other Paying Agents and any Regulated Markets on which the relevant Fund 
Linked Notes are for the time being listed and notice thereof to be published in 
accordance with Condition 13 as soon as possible after their determination but in no 
event later than the fourth Luxembourg Business Day thereafter. 
The expression Luxembourg Business Day means a day (other than a Saturday or a 
Sunday) on which banks and foreign exchange markets are open for business in 
Luxembourg. 
(h) 
Interest on Commodity Linked Notes 
This Condition 4(h) applies to Commodity Linked Notes only. The interest amount 
payable on the Commodity Linked Notes (the Interest Amount) will be determined in 
accordance with the provisions of the Commodity Annex and the Payoff Annex 
attached to these Conditions. The applicable Final Terms contains provisions applicable 
to the determination of interest and must be read in conjunction with this Condition 4(h) 
for full information on the manner in which interest is calculated on Commodity Linked 
Notes. 
The Calculation Agent will cause each Interest Amount (if any) to be notified to the 
Issuer, the other Paying Agents and any Regulated Markets on which the relevant 
Commodity Linked Notes are for the time being listed and notice thereof to be 
published in accordance with Condition 13 as soon as possible after their determination 
but in no event later than the fourth Luxembourg Business Day thereafter. 
The expression Luxembourg Business Day means a day (other than a Saturday or a 
Sunday) on which banks and foreign exchange markets are open for business in 
Luxembourg. 
(i) 
Interest on ETF Linked Notes 
This Condition 4(i) applies to ETF Linked Notes only. The interest amount payable on 
the ETF Linked Notes (the Interest Amount) will be determined in accordance with 
the provisions of the ETF Annex and the Payoff Annex attached to these Conditions. 
The applicable Final Terms contains provisions applicable to the determination of 
interest and must be read in conjunction with this Condition 4(i) for full information on 
the manner in which interest is calculated on ETF Linked Notes. 
The Calculation Agent will cause each Interest Amount (if any) to be notified to the 
Issuer, the other Paying Agents and any Regulated Markets on which the relevant ETF 
Linked Notes are for the time being listed and notice thereof to be published in 
accordance with Condition 13 as soon as possible after their determination but in no 
event later than the fourth Luxembourg Business Day thereafter. 
The expression Luxembourg Business Day means a day (other than a Saturday or a 
Sunday) on which banks and foreign exchange markets are open for business in 
Luxembourg. 
(j) 
Interest on Multi-Asset Basket Linked Notes 
This Condition 4(j) applies to Multi-Asset Basket Linked Notes only. The interest 
amount payable on the Multi-Asset Basket Linked Notes (the Interest Amount) will 
be determined in accordance with the provisions of the Multi-Asset Basket Annex and 
the Payoff Annex attached to these Conditions. The applicable Final Terms contains 
provisions applicable to the determination of interest and must be read in conjunction

--- Page 143 ---
143 
with this Condition 4(j) for full information on the manner in which interest is calculated 
on Multi-Asset Basket Linked Notes. 
The Calculation Agent will cause each Interest Amount (if any) to be notified to the 
Issuer, the other Paying Agents and any Regulated Markets on which the relevant 
Multi-Asset Basket Linked Notes are for the time being listed and notice thereof to be 
published in accordance with Condition 13 as soon as possible after their determination 
but in no event later than the fourth Luxembourg Business Day thereafter. 
The expression Luxembourg Business Day means a day (other than a Saturday or a 
Sunday) on which banks and foreign exchange markets are open for business in 
Luxembourg. 
(k) 
Notes to be Final 
All certificates, communications, opinions, determinations, calculations, quotations and 
decisions given, expressed, made or obtained for the purposes of the provisions of this 
Condition 4, by the Agent (or, if applicable, the Calculation Agent) shall be binding (in 
the absence of negligence, wilful misconduct, bad faith or manifest error) on the Issuer, 
the Agent (or, if applicable, the Calculation Agent), the other Paying Agents and all 
Noteholders, Receiptholders and Couponholders, and (in the absence as aforesaid) no 
liability to the Issuer, the Noteholders, the Receiptholders or the Couponholders shall 
attach to the Agent (or, if applicable, the Calculation Agent) in connection with the 
exercise or non-exercise by it of its powers, duties and discretions pursuant to such 
provisions. 
(l) 
Cessation of Accrual of Interest 
Each Note (or in the case of the redemption of part only of a Note, that part only of such 
Note) will cease to bear interest (if any) from the date for its redemption unless payment 
of principal is improperly withheld or refused. In such event, interest will continue to 
accrue until whichever is the earlier of: 
(i) 
the date on which all amounts due in respect of such Note have been paid; and 
(ii) 
five days after the date on which the full amount of the moneys payable has 
been received by the Agent and notice to that effect has been given in 
accordance with Condition 13 or individually.  
(m) 
Day Count Fraction 
In these Terms and Conditions, Day Count Fraction means in respect of the calculation 
of an amount of interest on any Note for any period of time (from and including the first 
day of such period to but excluding the last day of such period) (whether or not 
constituting an Interest Period, the Calculation Period): 
(i) 
if "Actual/365" or "Actual/Actual-ISDA" is specified hereon, the actual 
number of days in the Calculation Period divided by 365 (or, if any portion of 
that Calculation Period falls in a leap year, the sum of (A) the actual number of 
days in that portion of the Calculation Period falling in a leap year divided by 
366 and (B) the actual number of days in that portion of the Calculation Period 
falling in a non-leap year divided by 365); 
(ii) 
if "Actual/365 (Fixed)" is specified hereon, the actual number of days in the 
Calculation Period divided by 365; 
(iii) 
if "Actual/360" is specified hereon, the actual number of days in the Calculation 
Period divided by 360; 
(iv) 
if "30/360" or "360/360" or "Bond Basis" is specified hereon, (A) if the 2000 
ISDA Definitions apply, the number of days in the Calculation Period divided

--- Page 144 ---
144 
by 360 (the number of days to be calculated on the basis of a year of 360 days 
with 12 30-day months (unless (a) the last day of the Calculation Period is the 
thirty-first day of a month but the first day of the Calculation Period is a day 
other than the thirtieth or thirty-first day of a month, in which case the month 
that includes that last day shall not be considered to be shortened to a 30-day 
month, or (b) the last day of the Calculation Period is the last day of the month 
of February, in which case the month of February shall not be considered to be 
lengthened to a 30-day month) or (B) if the 2006 ISDA Definitions or the 2021 
ISDA Definitions apply, the number of days in the Calculation Period divided 
by 360, calculated on a formula basis as follows: 
Day Count Fraction = 
[360 × (𝑌2 −𝑌1)] + [30 × (𝑀2 −𝑀1)] + (𝐷2 −𝐷1)
360
 
where: 
Y1 is the year, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the Calculation 
Period falls; 
Y2 is the year, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately following 
the last day of the Calculation Period falls; 
M1 is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the 
Calculation Period falls; 
M2 is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately 
following the last day of the Calculation Period falls; 
D1 is the first calendar day, expressed as a number, of the Calculation Period, 
unless such number is 31, in which case D1 will be 30; and 
D2 is the calendar day, expressed as a number, immediately following the last 
day included in the Calculation Period, unless such number would be 31 and 
D1 is greater than 29, in which case D2 will be 30; 
(v) 
if "30E/360" or "Eurobond Basis" is specified hereon, (A) if the 2000 ISDA 
Definitions apply, the number of days in the Calculation Period divided by 360 
(the number of days to be calculated on the basis of a year of 360 days with 12 
30-day months, without regard to the date of the first day or last day of the 
Calculation Period unless, in the case of a Calculation Period ending on the 
Maturity Date, the Maturity Date is the last day of the month of February, in 
which case the month of February shall not be considered to be lengthened to 
a 30-day month) or (B) if the 2006 ISDA Definitions or the 2021 ISDA 
Definitions apply, the number of days in the Calculation Period divided by 360, 
calculated on a formula basis as follows: 
Day Count Fraction =   
[360 × (𝑌2 −𝑌1)] + [30 × (𝑀2 −𝑀1)] + (𝐷2 −𝐷1)
360
 
where: 
Y1 is the year, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the Calculation 
Period falls; 
Y2 is the year, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately following 
the last day of the Calculation Period falls;

--- Page 145 ---
145 
M1 is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the 
Calculation Period falls; 
M2 is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately 
following the last day of the Calculation Period falls; 
D1 is the first calendar day, expressed as a number, of the Calculation Period, 
unless such number would be 31, in which case D1 will be 30; and 
D2 is the calendar day, expressed as a number, immediately following the last 
day included in the Calculation Period, unless such number would be 31, in 
which case D2 will be 30; 
(vi) 
if "Actual/Actual ICMA" is specified hereon, 
(A) 
if the Calculation Period is equal to or shorter than the Determination 
Period during which it falls, the number of days in the Calculation 
Period divided by the product of (I) the number of days in such 
Determination Period and (II) the number of Determination Periods 
normally ending in any year; and 
(B) 
if the Calculation Period is longer than one Determination Period, the 
sum of: 
I. 
the number of days in such Calculation Period falling in the 
Determination Period in which it begins divided by the product 
of (1) the number of days in such Determination Period and 
(2) the number of Determination Periods normally ending in 
any year; and 
II. 
the number of days in such Calculation Period falling in the 
next Determination Period divided by the product of (1) the 
number of days in such Determination Period and (2) the 
number of Determination Periods normally ending in any year, 
where: Determination Period means the period from and 
including an Interest Determination Date or, as applicable, a 
Coupon Payment Date, in any year to but excluding the next 
such date; and 
(vii) 
if "30E/360 (ISDA)" is specified hereon, the number of days in the Calculation 
Period divided by 360, calculated on a formula basis as follows: 
Day Count Fraction = 
[360 × (𝑌2 −𝑌1)] + [30 × (𝑀2 −𝑀1)] + (𝐷2 −𝐷1)
360
 
where: 
Y1 is the year, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the Calculation 
Period falls; 
Y2 is the year, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately following 
the last day of the Calculation Period falls; 
M1 is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the 
Calculation Period falls; 
M2 is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately 
following the last day of the Calculation Period falls;

--- Page 146 ---
146 
D1 is the first calendar day, expressed as a number, of the Calculation Period, 
unless (i) that day is the last day of February or (ii) such number would be 31, 
in which case D1 will be 30; and 
D2 is the calendar day, expressed as a number, immediately following the last 
day included in the Calculation Period, unless (i) that day is the last day of 
February but not the Maturity Date or (ii) such number would be 31 and in 
which case D2 will be 30. 
(n) 
Business Day 
Business Day means: 
(i) 
a day on which commercial banks and foreign exchange markets settle 
payments and are open for general business (including dealing in foreign 
exchange and foreign currency deposits) in any Additional Business Centre 
(other than TARGET System) specified in the applicable Final Terms; 
(ii) 
if TARGET System is specified as an Additional Business Centre in the 
applicable Final Terms, a day on which the Trans-European Automated Real-
Time Gross Settlement Express Transfer (TARGET2) System or, once 
operational, the real time gross settlement system operated by the Eurosystem 
(T2) or any successor system (the TARGET System) is open; and 
(iii) 
either (A) in relation to any sum payable in a Specified Currency other than euro 
or CNY, a day on which commercial banks and foreign exchange markets settle 
payments and are open for general business (including dealing in foreign 
exchange and foreign currency deposits) in the principal financial centre of the 
country of the relevant Specified Currency (any such centre, an Additional 
Business Centre), or (B) in relation to any sum payable in euro, a day on which 
the TARGET System is open or (C) in relation to any sum payable in CNY, a 
day on which commercial banks and foreign exchange markets settle payments 
and are open for general business (including dealing in foreign exchange and 
foreign currency deposits) in the CNY Settlement Centre(s). 
CNY Settlement Centre means the financial centre(s) specified as such in the 
applicable Final Terms in accordance with applicable laws and regulations. If no CNY 
Settlement Centre is specified in the relevant Final Terms, the CNY Settlement Centre 
shall be deemed to be Hong Kong. 
(o) 
Interest on Zero Coupon Notes 
 
No amount of interest will accrue or become payable on Zero Coupon Notes. 
(p) 
Rounding 
For the purposes of any calculations required pursuant to these Terms and Conditions 
(unless otherwise specified), (i) all percentages resulting from such calculations shall 
be rounded, if necessary, to the nearest one hundredthousandth of a percentage point 
(with 0.000005 of a percentage point being rounded up), (ii) all figures shall be rounded 
to seven significant figures (provided that if the eighth significant figure is a 5 or greater, 
the seventh significant shall be rounded up) and (iii) all currency amounts that fall due 
and payable shall be rounded to the nearest unit of such currency (with half a unit being 
rounded up). For these purposes "unit" means the lowest amount of such currency that 
is available as legal tender in the country of such currency. 
(q) 
Interest in respect of Notes repayable in instalments 
The Interest Amount in respect of any Note repayable in instalments shall be calculated 
by the Agent (or, if applicable, the Calculation Agent) in accordance with the applicable 
provisions of this Condition 4 by reference to the outstanding nominal amount of such

--- Page 147 ---
147 
Note on the date of determination (disregarding any payments in respect of nominal to 
be made on the date of determination). 
 
5. 
PAYMENTS 
(a) 
Method of Payment 
Subject as provided below, payments in a Specified Currency will be made by transfer 
to an account in the relevant Specified Currency (which, in the case of a payment in 
Japanese yen to a non-resident of Japan, shall be a non-resident account) maintained by 
the payee with, or by a cheque in such Specified Currency drawn on, a bank (which, in 
the case of a payment in Japanese yen to a non-resident of Japan, shall be an authorised 
foreign exchange bank) in the principal financial centre of the country of such Specified 
Currency (which, if the Specified Currency is Australian dollars or New Zealand 
dollars, shall be Sydney or Wellington, respectively or, in the case of Euro, in a city 
which banks have access to the TARGET 2 System). 
All payments are subject in all cases to (i) any applicable fiscal or other laws, 
regulations and directives but without prejudice to the provisions of Condition 7 
(Taxation) and (ii) any withholding or deduction required pursuant to an agreement 
described in Section 1471(b) of the United States Internal Revenue Code of 1986 or 
otherwise imposed pursuant to Sections 1471 through 1474 of the United States Internal 
Revenue Code of 1986, any regulations or agreements thereunder, any official 
interpretations thereof, or (without prejudice to the provisions of Condition 7 
(Taxation)) any law implementing an intergovernmental approach thereto (FATCA).  
Subject to the final paragraph of Condition 5(b) below, no payment on any Note or 
Coupon will be made at the corporate trust office of a Paying Agent or any other agency 
maintained by the Issuer in the United States or its possessions and no payment will be 
made by any transfer to an account in, or by mail to an address in, the United States or 
its possessions, except as may be permitted by U.S. tax law in effect at the time of such 
payment without detriment to the Issuer in the opinion of the Agent. 
(b) 
Presentation of Notes, Receipts and Coupons 
Payments of principal in respect of Definitive Notes will be made in the manner 
provided in paragraph (a) above only against surrender of Definitive Notes, and 
payments of interest in respect of Definitive Notes will be made as aforesaid only 
against surrender of Coupons, in each case (subject as provided below) at the specified 
office of any Paying Agent outside the United States or its possessions. 
Payments of instalments of principal (if any), other than the final instalment, will be 
made in the manner provided in paragraph (a) above against surrender of the relevant 
Receipt. Payment of the final instalment will be made in the manner provided in 
paragraph (a) above only against surrender of the relevant Note. Each Receipt must be 
presented for payment of the relevant instalment together with the Definitive Note to 
which it appertains. Receipts presented without the Definitive Note to which they 
appertain do not constitute valid obligations of the Issuer. Upon the date on which any 
Definitive Note becomes due and repayable, unmatured Receipts (if any) relating 
thereto (whether or not attached) shall become void and no payment shall be made in 
respect thereof. 
Fixed Rate Notes which are Definitive Notes should be presented for payment together 
with all unmatured Coupons appertaining thereto (which expression, for this purpose, 
shall include Coupons falling to be issued on exchange of matured Talons), failing 
which the amount of any missing unmatured Coupon (or, in the case of payment not 
being made in full, the same proportion of the amount of such missing unmatured 
Coupon as the sum so paid bears to the sum due) will be deducted from the sum due for

--- Page 148 ---
148 
payment. Each amount of principal so deducted will be paid in the manner mentioned 
above against surrender of the relative missing Coupon at any time before the expiry of 
ten years after the Relevant Date in respect of such principal (whether or not such 
Coupon would otherwise have become void under Condition 8) or, if later, five years 
from the date on which such Coupon would otherwise have become due, but in no event 
thereafter. Relevant Date in relation to any Note, Receipt or Coupon means whichever 
is the later of: 
(A) 
the date on which payment in respect of such Note, Receipt or Coupon first 
became due and payable; and 
(B) 
if the full amount of moneys payable on such date in respect of such Note, 
Receipt or Coupon has not been received by the Agent on or prior to the due 
date, the date on which the full amount of such moneys having been so 
received, notice to that effect is duly given to the Noteholders in accordance 
with Condition 13. 
Upon any Fixed Rate Note becoming due and repayable prior to its Maturity Date, all 
unmatured Talons (if any) appertaining thereto will become void, and no further 
Coupons will be issued in respect thereof. 
Upon the date on which any Floating Rate Note, Rate Linked Notes, Index Linked Note, 
Inflation Linked Notes, Share Linked Notes, Fund Linked Notes, ETF Linked Notes, 
Commodity Linked Notes or Multi-Asset Basket Linked Notes which are Definitive 
Notes becomes due and repayable, unmatured Coupons and Talons (if any) relating 
thereto (whether or not attached) shall become void, and no payment or, as the case may 
be, exchange for further Coupons shall be made in respect thereof. 
If the due date for redemption of any Definitive Note is not an Interest Payment Date 
or, as applicable, a Specified Interest Payment Date, interest (if any) accrued in respect 
of such Note from (and including) the preceding Interest Payment Date or, as 
applicable, Specified Interest Payment Date or, as the case may be, the Interest 
Commencement Date shall be payable only against surrender of the relevant Definitive 
Note. 
Payments of principal and interest (if any) in respect of Notes represented by any Global 
Note (subject as provided below) will be made in the manner specified above in relation 
to Definitive Notes or otherwise in the manner specified in the relevant Global Note 
where applicable against presentation or surrender, as the case may be, of such Global 
Note at the specified office of any Paying Agent outside the United States. A record of 
each payment made distinguishing between any payment of principal and any payment 
of interest, will be made on such Global Note either by such Paying Agent, or in the 
records of Euroclear and Clearstream, as applicable. 
The holder of a Global Note shall be the only person entitled to receive payments in 
respect of Notes represented by such Global Note, and the Issuer will be discharged by 
payment to, or to the order of, the holder of such Global Note in respect of each amount 
so paid. Each of the persons shown in the records of Euroclear or Clearstream as the 
beneficial holder of a particular nominal amount of Notes represented by such Global 
Note must look solely to Euroclear or Clearstream, as the case may be, for his share of 
each payment so made by the Issuer to, or to the order of, the holder of such Global 
Note. No person other than the holder of such Global Note shall have any claim against 
the Issuer in respect of any payments due on that Global Note. 
Notwithstanding the foregoing, U.S. dollar payments of principal and interest in respect 
of the Notes will be made at the specified office of a Paying Agent in the United States 
if: 
(i) 
the Issuer has appointed Paying Agents with specified offices outside the 
United States with the reasonable expectation that such Paying Agents would

--- Page 149 ---
149 
be able to make payment in U.S. dollars at such specified offices outside the 
United States of the full amount of principal and interest on the Notes in the 
manner provided above when due; 
(ii) 
payment of the full amount of such principal and interest at all such specified 
offices outside the United States is illegal or effectively precluded by exchange 
controls or other similar restrictions on the full payment or receipt of principal 
and interest in U.S. dollars; and 
(iii) 
such payment is then permitted under United States law without involving, in 
the opinion of the Issuer, adverse tax consequences to the Issuer. 
(c) 
Payment Day 
If the date for payment of any amount in respect of any Note, Receipt or Coupon is not 
a Payment Day, the holder thereof shall not be entitled to payment until the next 
following Payment Day in the relevant place and shall not be entitled to further interest 
or other payment in respect of such delay. For these purposes, Payment Day means any 
day which is both: 
(i) 
for Definitive Notes, a day on which commercial banks and foreign exchange 
markets generally settle payments and are open for general business (including 
dealing in foreign exchange and foreign currency deposits) in the relevant place 
of presentation; and 
(ii) 
a Business Day (as defined in Condition 4(b)). 
(d) 
Interpretation of Principal and Interest 
Any reference in these Terms and Conditions to principal in respect of the Notes shall 
be deemed to include, as applicable: 
(i) 
the Final Redemption Amount of the Notes; 
(ii) 
the Autocall Redemption Amount of the Notes; 
(iii) 
the Partial Redemption Amount of the Notes; 
(iv) 
the Early Redemption Amount of the Notes; 
(v) 
the Optional Redemption Amount(s) of the Notes; 
(vi) 
in relation to Notes redeemable in instalments, the Instalment Amounts; 
(vii) 
in relation to Zero Coupon Notes, the Amortised Face Amount; and 
(viii) 
any premium and any other amounts (other than interest) which may be payable 
by the Issuer under or in respect of the Notes. 
Any reference in these Terms and Conditions to "payment", "repayment" and 
"redemption" and other related expressions (including, without limitation, for the 
purposes of the definition of "Payment Day" in Condition 5(c)) shall, where the context 
admits, include the delivery of any securities or other assets pursuant to physical 
settlement as provided in the Share Annex in respect of Share Linked Notes. 
6. 
REDEMPTION AND PURCHASE 
(a) 
At Maturity 
Unless previously redeemed or purchased and cancelled as specified below, each Note 
will be redeemed by the Issuer at its Final Redemption Amount specified in, or 
determined in the manner specified in, the applicable Final Terms in the relevant

--- Page 150 ---
150 
Specified Currency on the date specified in the applicable Final Terms (the Maturity 
Date). 
(b) 
Autocall Redemption Amounts and Partial Redemption Amounts 
The applicable Final Terms will specify whether any Autocall Redemption Amount or 
Partial Redemption Amount may apply to the Notes. The provisions detailing such 
Autocall Redemption Amount or Partial Redemption Amount are set out in the Payoff 
Annex. 
The Autocall Redemption Amount or the Partial Redemption Amount payable in 
respect of Notes to which an Autocall Redemption Amount or Partial Redemption 
Amount may apply shall be determined by the Calculation Agent in accordance with 
the provisions of the Payoff Annex. 
(c) 
Redemption at the Option of the Issuer 
If "Call Option" is specified in the applicable Final Terms as being applicable, the 
Issuer, having given: 
(i) 
not less than the minimum period and not more than the maximum period of 
notice specified in the applicable Final Terms to the Noteholders in accordance 
with Condition 13; and 
(ii) 
not fewer than 15 days before the giving of the notice referred to in (i), notice 
to the Agent, 
(which notices shall be irrevocable), may redeem all or some only of the Notes then 
outstanding on the Optional Redemption Date(s) and at the Optional Redemption 
Amount(s) specified in, or determined in the manner specified in, the applicable Final 
Terms together, if appropriate, with interest accrued to (but excluding) the Optional 
Redemption Date(s). Any such redemption or exercise must relate to Notes of a nominal 
amount at least equal to the minimum nominal amount to be redeemed specified in the 
relevant Final Terms and no greater than the maximum nominal amount to be redeemed 
specified in the relevant Final Terms. In the case of a partial redemption of Notes (if 
specified as being applicable in the applicable Final Terms) the Notes to be redeemed 
(Redeemed Notes) will be selected individually by lot, in the case of Redeemed Notes 
represented by Definitive Notes, in accordance with the rules of Euroclear and/or 
Clearstream (to be reflected in the records of Euroclear and Clearstream as either a pool 
factor or a reduction in nominal amount, at their discretion); in the case of Redeemed 
Notes represented by a Global Note, not more than 60 days prior to the date fixed for 
redemption (such date of selection being hereinafter called the Selection Date).  
In the case of Redeemed Notes represented by Definitive Notes, a list of the serial 
numbers of such Redeemed Notes will be published in accordance with Condition 13 
not fewer than 30 days prior to the date fixed for redemption. The aggregate nominal 
amount of Redeemed Notes represented by Definitive Notes shall bear the same 
proportion to the aggregate nominal amount of all Redeemed Notes as the aggregate 
nominal amount of Definitive Notes outstanding bears to the aggregate nominal amount 
of the Notes outstanding, in each case on the Selection Date, provided that such first 
mentioned nominal amount, if necessary, shall be rounded downwards to the nearest 
integral multiple of the Specified Denomination, and the aggregate nominal amount of 
Redeemed Notes represented by a Global Note shall be equal to the balance of the 
Redeemed Notes.  
No exchange of the relevant Global Note will be permitted during the period from and 
including the Selection Date to and including the date fixed for redemption pursuant to 
this Condition 6(c) and notice to that effect shall be given by the Issuer to the 
Noteholders in accordance with Condition 13 at least ten days prior to the Selection 
Date. So long as the Notes are listed on the Luxembourg Regulated Market and the rules

--- Page 151 ---
151 
of that stock exchange so require, the Issuer shall, once in each year in which there has 
been a partial redemption of the Notes, cause to be published in a leading newspaper of 
general circulation in Luxembourg a notice specifying the aggregate principal amount 
of Notes outstanding and a list of the Notes drawn for redemption but not surrendered. 
(d) 
Redemption at the Option of the Noteholders 
If "Put Option" is specified in the applicable Final Terms as being applicable, each 
Noteholder, having given: 
(i) 
not fewer than 30 nor more than 60 days’ notice to the Issuer; and 
(ii) 
not fewer than 15 days before the giving of the notice referred to in (i), notice 
to the Agent, 
(which notices shall be irrevocable), may require all or some only of its Notes then 
outstanding on the Optional Redemption Date(s) and at the Optional Redemption 
Amount(s) specified in, or determined in the manner specified in, the applicable Final 
Terms together, if appropriate, with interest accrued to (but excluding) the Optional 
Redemption Date(s) 
If the Note is a Definitive Note, to exercise the right to require redemption of the Note 
the holder of the Note must deliver such Note at the specified office of any Paying 
Agent at any time during normal business hours of such Paying Agent falling within 
the notice period, accompanied by a duly completed and signed notice of exercise in 
the form (for the time being current) obtainable from any specified office of any Paying 
Agent (a Put Notice) and in which the holder must specify a bank account (or, if 
payment is to be made by cheque, an address) to which payment is to be made under 
this Condition. 
Any Put Notice given by a holder of any Note pursuant to this paragraph shall be 
irrevocable except where prior to the due date of redemption an Event of Default shall 
have occurred and be continuing, in which event such holder, at its option, may elect 
by notice to the Issuer to withdraw the notice given pursuant to this paragraph and 
instead to declare such Note forthwith due and payable pursuant to Condition 9. 
(e) 
Redemption for FATCA Withholding 
The Issuer may redeem any FATCA Affected Notes, at any time, in accordance with 
the provisions of this Condition 6(e). 
Upon becoming aware that a Note is a FATCA Affected Note, the Issuer shall use 
reasonable endeavours to deliver a FATCA Issuer Notice, which shall specify 
(i) 
the relevant series number and ISIN in relation to Notes that have become 
FATCA Affected Notes; 
(ii) 
whether or not the Issuer will redeem any of the FATCA Affected Notes; and:  
(iii) 
where the Issuer elects to redeem any of the FATCA Affected Notes, 
(i) 
the FATCA Affected Notes the Issuer will redeem; and 
(ii) 
the date on which such FATCA Affected Notes will be redeemed by 
the Issuer. 
Where the FATCA Issuer Notice specifies that the Issuer will not redeem a FATCA 
Affected Note, the holder of any such FATCA Affected Note, provided that such Note 
continues to be a FATCA Affected Note, may deliver a FATCA Investor Notice 
requesting the early redemption of the FATCA Affected Note and specifying a date for 
redemption that must be at least ten (10) Business Days after the effective date of such

--- Page 152 ---
152 
notice. Following receipt of the FATCA Investor Notice, the Issuer will redeem such 
FATCA Affected Note on the date specified for redemption in the relevant FATCA 
Investor Notice.  
Notes redeemed pursuant to this Condition 6(e) will be redeemed at their Early 
Redemption Amount together (if appropriate) with interest accrued to (but excluding) 
the date of redemption. 
For the purposes of these Conditions: 
Code means the U.S. Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended. 
FATCA Affected Note means any Note in respect of which (i) the Issuer, in relation to 
any future payments due under the Notes, will be obliged to make a FATCA 
Withholding and (ii) such FATCA Withholding cannot be avoided by the Issuer taking 
reasonable measures available to it. 
FATCA Investor Notice means a notice given by the holder of any FATCA Affected 
Note to the Issuer in accordance with Condition 13. A copy of such FATCA Investor 
Notice shall be given to the Agent (which notice shall be irrevocable and shall specify 
a bank account (or, if payment is required to be made by cheque, an address) to which 
payment is to be made under this Condition 6(d)). 
FATCA Issuer Notice means a notice given by the Issuer to the Agent and, in 
accordance with Condition 13, to the Noteholders. 
FATCA Withholding means any withholding or deduction required pursuant to an 
agreement described in Section 1471(b) of the Code or any withholding or deduction 
otherwise imposed pursuant to Sections 1471 through 1474 of the Code, or any fiscal 
or regulatory legislation, rules or practices adopted pursuant to any intergovernmental 
agreement entered into in connection with the implementation of such sections of the 
Code. 
(f) 
Early Redemption Amounts 
For the purpose of paragraphs (c) to (e) above, Condition 4(b)(vi), Condition 9 and any 
early redemption event described in the Rate Annex, the Index Annex, the Inflation 
Annex, the Share Annex, the Fund Annex, the ETF Annex and the Commodity Annex 
attached to these Conditions (as applicable), the Notes will be redeemed at the Early 
Redemption Amount calculated as follows (subject always and without prejudice to 
the relevant provisions of such Rate Annex, Index Annex, Inflation Annex, Share 
Annex or Commodity Annex, as applicable): 
(i) 
in the case of Notes other than Zero Coupon Notes but including Instalment 
Notes, at the amount specified in, or determined in the manner specified in, the 
applicable Final Terms or, if no such amount or manner is so specified in the 
Final Terms, at an amount determined by the Calculation Agent as of the date 
for such early redemption in its absolute discretion (acting reasonably) as being 
the market value of the Notes reduced by the cost to the Issuer of unwinding 
any swap or other contractual arrangement concluded by it for the purpose of 
hedging its obligations under the Notes; with respect to each Rate Linked Note, 
Index Linked Note, Inflation Linked Note, Share Linked Note and Commodity 
Linked Note, the Early Redemption Amount will be subject to the Payoff 
features specified as applicable in the applicable Final Terms et further 
described in the Payoff Annex attached to these Conditions; or 
(ii) 
in the case of Zero Coupon Notes, at an amount (the Amortised Face Amount) 
equal to the sum of: 
(A) 
the Reference Price; and

--- Page 153 ---
153 
(B) 
the product of the Accrual Yield (compounded annually) being applied 
to the Reference Price from (and including) the Issue Date to (but 
excluding) the date fixed for redemption or (as the case may be) the 
date upon which such Note becomes due and repayable. 
Where such calculation is to be made for a period of less than a full year, it shall 
be made on the basis of a 360-day year consisting of 12 months of 30 days each 
and, in the case of an incomplete month, the actual number of days elapsed or 
such other Day Count Fraction as may be specified in the applicable Final 
Terms. 
(g) 
Instalments 
If the Notes are repayable in instalments (Instalment Notes), they will be redeemed in 
the Instalment Amounts and on the Instalment Dates referred to in the relevant Final 
Terms. In the case of early redemption, the Early Redemption Amount will be 
determined pursuant to Condition 6(f) above. 
(h) 
Purchases 
The Issuer or any of its subsidiaries at any time may purchase Notes (provided that, in 
the case of Definitive Notes, all unmatured Receipts, Coupons and Talons appertaining 
thereto are purchased therewith) at any price in the open market or otherwise in 
accordance with applicable laws and regulations. Such Notes (together with any 
unmatured Receipts, Coupons and Talons appertaining thereto) purchased by or on 
behalf of the Issuer, will either be surrendered to any Paying Agent for cancellation or 
held and resold in accordance with applicable legislation. 
(i) 
Cancellation 
All Notes which are redeemed will forthwith be cancelled (together with all unmatured 
Receipts and Coupons attached thereto or surrendered therewith at the time of 
redemption). All Notes so cancelled and the Notes purchased and cancelled pursuant to 
paragraph (i) above (together with all unmatured Receipts and Coupons cancelled 
therewith) shall be forwarded to the Agent and cannot be reissued or resold. 
(j) 
Late Payment on Zero Coupon Notes 
If the amount payable in respect of any Zero Coupon Note upon redemption of such 
Zero Coupon Note pursuant to Condition 6(a), (b), (c) or (d) above or upon its becoming 
due and repayable as provided for in Condition 9 is improperly withheld or refused, the 
amount due and repayable in respect of such Zero Coupon Note shall be the amount 
calculated as provided for in Condition 6(e)(ii) above as though the references therein 
to the date fixed for the redemption or the date upon which such Zero Coupon Note 
becomes due and payable were replaced by references to the date which is the earlier 
of: 
(i) 
the date on which all amounts due in respect of such Zero Coupon Note have 
been paid; and 
(ii) 
five days after the date on which the full amount of the moneys payable has 
been received by the Agent and notice to that effect has been given to the 
Noteholder either in accordance with Condition 13 or individually.

--- Page 154 ---
154 
7. 
TAXATION  
(a) 
All payments of principal, interest and other revenues by or on behalf of the Issuer in 
respect of the Notes shall be made free and clear of, and without withholding or 
deduction for, any taxes, duties, assessments or governmental charges of whatever 
nature imposed, levied, collected, withheld or assessed by or within any jurisdiction or 
any authority therein or thereof having power to tax, unless such withholding or 
deduction is required by law or an agreement made pursuant to FATCA. 
(b) 
If French law should require that payments in respect of the Notes, the Receipts and the 
Coupons be subject to withholding or deduction with respect to any present or future 
taxes, duties, assessments or governmental charges of whatever nature imposed or 
levied by or on behalf of France or any authority in France or of France, having power 
to tax, the Issuer will make payments of nominal and interest to the holders of the Notes, 
Receipts and Coupons net of withholding or deduction for or on account of any present 
or future taxes or duties of whatever nature imposed or levied by or on behalf of any 
jurisdiction; the Issuer will not make any gross-up payment to the holders of the Notes 
to compensate for withholding or deduction for or on account of any present or future 
taxes or duties of whatever nature imposed or levied by or on behalf of any jurisdiction. 
As used herein, FATCA means (a) Section 1471(b) of the Code or (b) (i) Sections 1471 through 
1474 of the Code, or (ii) any fiscal or regulatory legislation, rules or practices adopted pursuant 
to any intergovernmental agreement entered into in connection with the implementation of such 
sections of the Code. 
8. 
PRESCRIPTION 
The Notes, Receipts and Coupons will become void unless claims in respect of principal and/or 
interest are made within a period of ten years (in the case of principal) and five years (in the 
case of interest) after the Relevant Date (as defined in Condition 5(b)) therefor. 
There shall not be included in any Coupon sheet issued on exchange of a Talon any Coupon the 
claim for payment in respect of which would be void pursuant to this Condition or Condition 
5(b) or any Talon which would be void pursuant to Condition 5(b). 
9. 
EVENTS OF DEFAULT 
The following events will be Events of Default: 
(a) 
the Issuer fails to make payment of any amount in respect of any of the Notes when it 
becomes due and payable, and such failure continues for a period of 30 days (in the 
case of interest) or seven days (in the case of principal) save that late delivery of any 
Physical Settlement Amount in the circumstances described in the Share in respect of 
Share Linked Notes shall not constitute an Event of Default hereunder; or 
(b) 
the Issuer fails to perform or observe any other term, covenant or agreement contained 
in the Notes for a period of 60 days after written notice thereof in accordance with 
Condition 13 shall have been given to the Issuer by the Agent or Noteholders holding 
at least 10 per cent. in aggregate principal amount of the Notes then outstanding; or 
(c) 
the Issuer is dissolved prior to the repayment in full of the Notes unless all its assets 
shall be transferred to and all its debts and liabilities assumed by another similar entity 
whose main purpose is the continuation of, and which effectively continues, the 
Issuer’s activities; or 
(d) 
a judgment for the liquidation of the Issuer, being liquidation judiciaire or a 
redressement judiciaire or cession totale de l’entreprise or a procédure de sauvegarde 
or liquidation conventionnelle (within the meaning of the French Code de commerce) 
is issued or the Issuer is subject to similar proceedings.

--- Page 155 ---
155 
If an Event of Default has occurred and is continuing, any Noteholder, by written notice to the 
Issuer, may identify the applicable Event or Events of Default, declare the principal of its Note 
or Notes, together with accrued interest and additional amounts, if any, to be due and payable 
immediately, whereupon such amounts shall become due and payable immediately, unless prior 
to the receipt of such notice by the Issuer all such Events of Default have been cured. 
10. 
REPLACEMENT OF NOTES, RECEIPTS, COUPONS AND TALONS 
Should any Note, Receipt, Coupon or Talon be lost, stolen, mutilated, defaced or destroyed, it 
may be replaced subject to applicable laws and stock exchange regulations, at the specified 
office of the Agent upon payment by the claimant of such costs and expenses as may be incurred 
in connection therewith and on such terms as to evidence and indemnity as the Issuer may 
reasonably require. Mutilated or defaced Notes, Receipts, Coupons or Talons must be 
surrendered before replacements will be issued. 
11. 
EXCHANGE OF TALONS 
On and after the Interest Payment Date, or, as applicable, the Specified Interest Payment Date, 
on which the final Coupon comprised in any Coupon sheet matures, the Talon (if any) forming 
part of such Coupon sheet may be surrendered at the specified office of the Agent or any other 
Paying Agent in exchange for a further Coupon sheet including (if such further Coupon sheet 
does not include Coupons to (and including) the final date for the payment of interest due in 
respect of the Note to which it appertains) a further Talon, subject to the provisions of Condition 
8. Each Talon, for the purposes of these Terms and Conditions, shall be deemed to mature on 
the Interest Payment Date or, as applicable, the Specified Interest Payment Date on which the 
final Coupon comprised in the relative Coupon sheet matures. 
12. 
AGENT AND PAYING AGENTS 
The names of the initial Agent and the other initial Paying Agents and their initial specified 
offices are set out on the last page of this Base Prospectus. 
The Issuer is entitled to vary or terminate the appointment of any Paying Agent and/or appoint 
additional or other Paying Agents and/or approve any change in the specified office through 
which any Paying Agent acts, provided that: 
(a) 
as long as the Notes are listed on any Regulated Market, there will at all times be a 
Paying Agent with a specified office in such place as may be required by the rules and 
regulations of the relevant Regulated Market; 
(b) 
there will at all times be a Paying Agent with a specified office in a city in continental 
Europe; 
(c) 
except in the circumstances described in the final paragraph of Condition 5(b), there 
will at no time be a Paying Agent having a specified office in the United States; and 
(d) 
there will at all times be an Agent;  
In addition, the Issuer shall forthwith appoint a Paying Agent having a specified office in New 
York City only in the circumstances described in the final paragraph of Condition 5(b). Any 
variation, termination, appointment or change shall only take effect (other than in the case of 
insolvency, when it shall be of immediate effect) after not fewer than 30 nor more than 60 days’ 
prior notice thereof shall have been given to the Noteholders in accordance with Condition 13. 
In addition, the Delivery Agent may (with the prior written consent of the Issuer) delegate 
certain of its functions and duties as delivery agent to a delegee in relation to Share Linked 
Notes subject to physical delivery. 
13. 
NOTICES

--- Page 156 ---
156 
All notices regarding the Notes shall be published as soon as possible (a) so long as such Notes 
are admitted to trading on any Regulated Market and the rules of such Regulated Market so 
permit, on the website of the Regulated Market where the admission is sought, which in the 
case of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange is expected to be the website of the Luxembourg Stock 
Exchange (www.luxse.com) or, (b) at the option of the Issuer in a daily leading newspaper of 
general circulation in Europe (which is expected to be the Financial Times) and, so long as such 
Notes are listed and admitted to trading on any Regulated Market, in a leading daily newspaper 
with general circulation in the city/ies where the Regulated Market on which such Notes is/are 
listed and admitted to trading which (i) in the case of the Eurolist by Euronext of Euronext Paris 
S.A., is expected to be La Tribune or Les Echos, and (ii) in the case of the Luxembourg Stock 
Exchange, is expected to be the Luxemburger Wort. The Issuer shall also ensure that notices are 
duly published in a manner which complies with the rules and regulations of any relevant 
authority of other Regulated Market(s) on which the Notes are for the time being listed. If any 
such publication shall not be practicable, notice shall be given if published in an English 
language newspaper with general circulation in Europe. Any such notice will be deemed to have 
been given on the date of the first publication in the relevant newspapers. 
Until such time as any Definitive Notes are issued, as long as the Global Note(s) is or are held 
in its/their entirety on behalf of Euroclear and Clearstream, there may (provided that, in the case 
of Notes listed on a Regulated Market, the rules of the Regulated Market permits) be substituted 
for such publication in such newspaper(s) the delivery of the relevant notice to Euroclear and 
Clearstream for communication by them to the holders of the Notes. Any such notice shall be 
deemed to have been given to the holders of the Notes on the seventh day after the day on which 
such notice was given to Euroclear and Clearstream. 
Notices to be given by any holder of the Notes shall be in writing and given by lodging the same 
as soon as possible, together with the relative Note or Notes with the Agent. Whilst any of the 
Notes are represented by a Global Note, such notice may be given by any holder of a Note to 
the Agent via Euroclear and/or Clearstream, as the case may be, in such manner as the Agent 
and Euroclear and/or Clearstream, as the case may be, may approve for this purpose. 
14. 
SUBSTITUTION 
The Issuer may, at its own expense, be replaced and any subsidiary of the Issuer may, at the 
Issuer’s expense, be substituted for the Issuer as the principal debtor in respect of the Notes, 
Receipts and Coupons, without the consent of the Noteholders, Receiptholders or 
Couponholders. If the Issuer shall determine that such subsidiary shall become the principal 
debtor (in such capacity, the Substituted Debtor), the Issuer shall give not less than 30 nor 
more than 45 days’ notice, in accordance with Condition 13, to the Noteholders of such event 
and, immediately on the expiry of such notice, the Substituted Debtor shall become the principal 
debtor in respect of the Notes, Receipts and Coupons in place of the Issuer, and the Noteholders, 
Receiptholders and Couponholders shall thereupon cease to have any right or claim whatsoever 
against the Issuer. However, no such substitution shall take effect: 
(a) 
if the effect of such substitution would, at the time of such substitution, be that payments 
in respect of the Notes would be required to be made subject to any withholding or 
deduction which would not otherwise arise in the absence of such substitution; 
(b) 
until the Issuer shall have entered a guarantee irrevocably and unconditionally 
guaranteeing the obligations of the Substituted Debtor; 
(c) 
in any case, until the Substituted Debtor shall have provided to the Agent such 
documents as may be necessary to make the Notes and the Agency Agreement its legal, 
valid and binding obligations; and 
(d) 
until the Substituted Debtor shall have been approved by the relevant authorities as able 
to issue the relevant Notes. 
Upon any such substitution, the Notes, Receipts and Coupons will be modified in all material 
respects.

--- Page 157 ---
157 
15. 
MEETINGS OF NOTEHOLDERS, MODIFICATION AND WAIVER 
(a) 
The Agency Agreement contains provisions for convening meetings of the Noteholders 
to consider any matter affecting their interests, including the sanctioning by 
Extraordinary Resolution of a modification of the Notes, the Receipts, the Coupons or 
any of the provisions of the Agency Agreement. At least 21 days’ notice (exclusive of 
the day on which the notice is given and the day on which the meeting is held), 
specifying the place, day, and hour of meeting, shall be given to the Noteholders prior 
to any meeting of the Noteholders in the manner provided by Condition 13. Such a 
meeting may be convened by the Issuer or Noteholders holding not fewer than 5 per 
cent. in nominal amount of the Notes for the time being remaining outstanding. The 
quorum at any such meeting for passing an Extraordinary Resolution is one or more 
persons holding or representing not less than 50 per cent. (or for passing a resolution 
that is not an Extraordinary Resolution, 331/3 per cent.) in nominal amount of the Notes 
for the time being outstanding, or at any adjourned meeting one or more persons being 
or representing Noteholders whatever the nominal amount of the Notes so held or 
represented, except that at any meeting the business of which includes the modification 
of certain provisions of the Notes, Receipts or Coupons (including modifying or 
waiving the date of maturity of the Notes or any date for payment of interest thereof, 
reducing or cancelling the amount of principal or the rate of interest payable in respect 
of the Notes or altering the currency of payment of the Notes, Receipts or Coupons), 
the quorum shall be one or more persons holding or representing not less than 662/3 per 
cent. in nominal amount of the Notes for the time being outstanding, or at any adjourned 
such meeting one or more persons holding or representing not less 331/3 per cent. in 
nominal amount of the Notes for the time being outstanding. An Extraordinary 
Resolution passed at any meeting of the Noteholders shall be binding on all the 
Noteholders, whether or not they are present at the meeting, and on all Receiptholders 
and Couponholders. 
The Agent and the Issuer may agree, without the consent of the Noteholders, 
Receiptholders or Couponholders, to: 
(i) 
any modification (except such modifications in respect of which an increased 
quorum is required) of the Agency Agreement which is not prejudicial to the 
interests of the Noteholders; or 
(ii) 
any modification of the Notes, the Receipts, the Coupons or the Agency 
Agreement which is of a formal, minor or technical nature or is made to correct 
a manifest error or to comply with mandatory provisions of the law of the 
jurisdiction in which the Issuer is incorporated. 
Any such modification shall be binding on the Noteholders, the Receiptholders and the 
Couponholders and any such modification shall be notified to the Noteholders in 
accordance with Condition 13 as soon as practicable thereafter. 
(b) 
Where a Benchmark Trigger Event occurs in respect of a Relevant Rate Benchmark 
which is used in whole or in part to calculate interest under Condition 4(b), except 
where Condition 4(b)(ii)(A) and 2021 ISDA Definitions apply, the Calculation Agent 
shall elect to take one of the actions described in section 3 of the Rate Linked 
Conditions (regardless of whether the Rate Linked Conditions are specified as applying 
in the relevant Final Terms). 
Any such action shall be binding on all Noteholders, Receiptholders and 
Couponholders and shall be notified by the Issuer as soon as reasonably practicable 
thereafter to the Noteholders in accordance with Condition 13 (Notices).

--- Page 158 ---
158 
For the purpose of Condition 4(b), the Rate Linked Conditions, the Index Linked 
Conditions, the Inflation Linked Conditions and the Commodity Linked Conditions: 
Administrator/Benchmark Event means, in respect of a Series of Notes, delivery of 
a notice to the Noteholders by the Issuer specifying, and citing Benchmark Publicly 
Available Information that reasonably confirms, that any authorisation, registration, 
recognition, endorsement, equivalence decision, approval or inclusion in any official 
register in respect of the Relevant Benchmark or the administrator or sponsor of the 
Relevant Benchmark has not been, or will not be, obtained or has been, or will be, 
rejected, refused, suspended or withdrawn by the relevant competent authority or other 
relevant official body, in each case with the effect that the Issuer or the Calculation 
Agent is not, or will not be, permitted under any applicable law or regulation to use the 
Relevant Benchmark to perform its or their respective obligations under the Notes. 
Administrator/Benchmark Event Date means, in respect of a Series of Notes and an 
Administrator/Benchmark Event, the date on which the authorisation, registration, 
recognition, endorsement, equivalence decision, approval or inclusion in any official 
register is: 
(a) 
required under any applicable law or regulation; or 
(b) 
rejected, refused, suspended or withdrawn, if the applicable law or regulation 
provides that the Relevant Benchmark is not permitted to be used under the 
Notes following rejection, refusal, suspension or withdrawal, 
or, in each case, if such date occurs before the Issue Date, the Issue Date. 
Affiliate means in relation to any entity (the First Entity), any entity controlled, 
directly or indirectly, by the First Entity, any entity that controls, directly or indirectly, 
the First Entity or any entity directly or indirectly under common control with the First 
Entity. For these purposes control means ownership of a majority of the voting power 
of an entity. 
Alternative Pre-nominated Index means:  
(a) 
in respect of a Rate of Interest or a Relevant Rate Benchmark and an Impacted 
Index, the first of the indices, benchmarks or other price sources specified as an 
"Alternative Pre-nominated Index" in the applicable Final Terms and not 
subject to a Benchmark Trigger Event; or  
(b) 
in respect of a Relevant Index Benchmark, the first of the indices, benchmarks 
or other price sources specified in the applicable Final Terms as an “Alternative 
Pre-nominated Index” and not subject to an Index Cancellation, Index 
Modification or Administrator/Benchmark Event; to the extent that the 
Alternative Pre-nominated Index is used pursuant to the Index Linked 
Conditions, such Alternative Pre-nominated Index shall be the “Index” from the 
day on which it is used; or

--- Page 159 ---
159 
(c) 
in respect of a Relevant Inflation Benchmark, the first of the indices, 
benchmarks or other price sources specified in the applicable Final Terms as 
an 
“Alternative 
Pre-nominated 
Index” 
and 
not 
subject 
to 
an 
Administrator/Benchmark Event; to the extent that the Alternative Pre-
nominated Index is used pursuant to the Inflation Linked Conditions, such 
Alternative Pre-nominated Index shall be the “Inflation Index” from the day on 
which it is used; or  
(d) 
in respect of a Relevant Commodity Benchmark, the first of the indices, 
benchmarks or other price sources specified in the applicable Final Terms as 
an “Alternative Pre-nominated Index” and not subject to a Commodity Index 
Cancellation, Commodity Index Modification or Administrator/Benchmark 
Event; to the extent that the Alternative Pre-nominated Index is used pursuant 
to the Commodity Linked Conditions, such Alternative Pre-nominated Index 
shall be the “Commodity Index” from the day on which it is used. 
Benchmark 
Publicly 
Available 
Information 
means, 
in 
respect 
of 
an 
Administrator/Benchmark Event, one or both of the following: 
(a) 
information received from or published by (i) the administrator or sponsor of 
the Relevant Benchmark or (ii) any national, regional or other supervisory or 
regulatory authority which is responsible for supervising the administrator or 
sponsor of the Relevant Benchmark or regulating the Relevant Benchmark, 
provided that where any information of the type described in sub-paragraphs 
(i) or (ii) above is not publicly available, it can only constitute Benchmark 
Publicly Available Information if it can be made public without violating any 
law, regulation, agreement, understanding or other restriction regarding the 
confidentiality of such information; or 
(b) 
information published in a Specified Public Source (regardless of whether the 
reader or user thereof pays a fee to obtain such information). 
In relation to any information of the type described in sub-paragraph (a) above, the 
Calculation Agent may assume that such information has been disclosed to it or its 
Affiliates without violating any law, regulation, agreement, understanding or other 
restriction regarding the confidentiality of such information and that the party 
delivering such information has not taken any action or entered into any agreement or 
understanding with the administrator or sponsor or any relevant national, regional or 
other supervisory or regulatory authority that would be breached by, or would prevent, 
the disclosure of such information to the Calculation Agent or its Affiliates. 
Benchmark 
Trigger 
Event 
means 
an 
Index 
Cessation 
Event 
or 
an 
Administrator/Benchmark Event. 
Index Cessation Event means, in respect of a Rate of Interest or a Relevant Rate 
Benchmark, as applicable, the occurrence of one or more of the following events: 
(a) 
a public statement or publication of information by or on behalf of the 
administrator of the Rate of Interest or the Relevant Rate Benchmark, as 
applicable, announcing that it has ceased or will cease to provide the Rate of 
Interest or the Relevant Rate Benchmark, as applicable, permanently or 
indefinitely, provided that, at the time of the statement or publication, there is 
no successor administrator that will continue to provide the Rate of Interest or 
the Relevant Rate Benchmark, as applicable; 
(b) 
a public statement by or publication of information by the regulatory supervisor 
for the administrator of the Rate of Interest or the Relevant Rate Benchmark, 
as applicable, the central bank for the currency of the Rate of Interest or the 
Relevant Rate Benchmark, as applicable, an insolvency official with 
jurisdiction over the administrator for the Rate of Interest or the Relevant Rate

--- Page 160 ---
160 
Benchmark, as applicable, a resolution authority with jurisdiction over the 
administrator for the Rate of Interest or the Relevant Rate Benchmark, as 
applicable, or a court or an entity with similar insolvency or resolution 
authority over the administrator for the Rate of Interest or the Relevant Rate 
Benchmark, as applicable, which states that the administrator of the Rate of 
Interest or the Relevant Rate Benchmark, as applicable, has ceased or will cease 
to provide the Rate of Interest or the Relevant Rate Benchmark, as applicable, 
permanently or indefinitely, provided that, at the time of the statement or 
publication, there is no successor administrator that will continue to provide 
the Rate of Interest or the Relevant Rate Benchmark, as applicable; or 
(c) 
any event which otherwise constitutes an “index cessation event” (howsoever 
regardless of how it is actually defined or described in the definition of the Rate 
of Interest or the Relevant Rate Benchmark, as applicable) in relation to which 
a Priority Fallback is specified. 
Relevant Benchmark means: 
(a) 
in respect of a Series of Notes that are Floating Rate Notes, the Rate of Interest, 
as defined in Condition 4(b) above; 
(b) 
in respect of a Series of Notes that are Rate Linked Notes, the Relevant Rate 
Benchmark, as defined in section 5 (Definitions) of the Rate Linked Conditions; 
(c) 
in respect of a Series of Notes that are Index Linked Notes, the Relevant Index 
Benchmark, as defined in section 8 (Definitions) of the Index Linked 
Conditions;  
(d) 
in respect of a Series of Notes that are Inflation Linked Notes, the Relevant 
Inflation Benchmark, as defined in section 9 (Definitions) of the Inflation 
Linked Conditions;  
(e) 
in respect of a Series of Notes that are Commodity Linked Notes, the Relevant 
Commodity Benchmark, as defined in section 8 (Definitions) of the 
Commodity Linked Conditions; or 
(f) 
in respect of a Series of Notes that are Multi-Asset Basket Linked Notes, for each 
Multi-Asset Basket Component that is: 
(i) 
a Benchmark Rate, the Relevant Rate Benchmark, as defined in section 
5 (Definitions) of the Rate Linked Conditions; 
(ii) 
an Index, the Relevant Index Benchmark, as defined in section 8 
(Definitions) of the Index Linked Conditions;  
(iii) 
an Inflation Index, the Relevant Inflation Benchmark, as defined in 
section 9 (Definitions) of the Inflation Linked Conditions; or 
(iv) 
a Commodity Index, the Relevant Commodity Benchmark, as defined 
in section 8 (Definitions) of the Commodity Linked Conditions; . 
Relevant Market Data means, in relation to any determination, any relevant 
information including, without limitation, one or more of the following types of 
information: 
(a) 
information consisting of relevant market data in the relevant market supplied 
by one or more third parties including, without limitation, alternative

--- Page 161 ---
161 
benchmarks, relevant rates, prices, yields, yield curves, volatilities, spreads, 
correlations or other relevant market data in the relevant market; or 
(b) 
information of the type described in sub-paragraph (a) above from internal 
sources (including any of the Calculation Agent's Affiliates) if that information 
is of the same type used by the Calculation Agent for adjustments to, or 
valuations of, similar transactions. 
Relevant Market Data will include information pursuant to sub-paragraph (a) above 
unless that information is not readily available or, if used to make a determination, 
would produce a result that is not commercially reasonable. Third parties supplying 
market data pursuant to sub-paragraph (a) above may include, without limitation, 
central counterparties, exchanges, dealers in the relevant markets, end-users of the 
relevant product, information vendors, brokers and other recognised sources of market 
information. 
Specified Public Source means each source specified as such in the applicable Final 
Terms (or, if no such source is specified, each of Bloomberg, Reuters, Dow Jones 
Newswires, The Wall Street Journal, The New York Times, Nihon Keizai Shimbun, 
Asahi Shimbun, Yomiuri Shimbun, Financial Times, La Tribune, Les Echos, The 
Australian Financial Review and successor publications, the main source(s) of business 
news in the country in which the administrator or sponsor of the Relevant Benchmark 
is incorporated or organised and any other internationally recognised published or 
electronically displayed news sources). 
16. 
FURTHER ISSUES 
(a) 
The Issuer shall be at liberty from time to time without the consent of the Noteholders, 
Receiptholders or Couponholders to create and issue further notes having terms and 
conditions the same as the Notes or the same in all respects, save for the amount and 
date of the first payment of interest thereon and so that the same shall be consolidated 
and form a single Series with the outstanding Notes. 
(b) 
The Issuer may also from time to time, without the consent of the Noteholders, on 
giving not less than 30 days’ prior notice to the Noteholders, consolidate Notes 
denominated or redenominated in Euro with one or more issues of other notes (Other 
Notes) issued by it and denominated in the currency of any of the Member States of the 
European Union provided that such Other Notes are denominated in, or have been 
redenominated into Euro and otherwise have, in respect of all periods subsequent to 
such consolidation, the same terms and conditions as the Notes. 
In the event of any such consolidation, the Issuer may, without the consent of the Noteholders, 
provide for additional, and/or substitute denominations of such Notes. 
Notice of any such consolidation and/or provision of additional or substitute denominations will 
be given to the Noteholders in accordance with Condition 13. 
17. 
COVENANT TO DISCLOSE INFORMATION 
Each Noteholder (being in the case of Notes held by a nominee or held in a clearing system, the 
beneficial owner of the Notes), by subscribing or purchasing the Notes or an interest in the 
Notes: 
(a) 
agrees to provide to the Issuer (or agents acting on its behalf) all information and 
documentation available to it that is reasonably requested by the Issuer (or agents acting 
on its behalf) in connection with legal, tax or regulatory matters, including any 
information that is necessary or advisable in order for the Issuer to comply with legal, 
tax and regulatory requirements applicable to the Issuer from time to time;

--- Page 162 ---
162 
(b) 
agrees to provide to the Issuer (or agents acting on its behalf) all information and 
documentation available to it that is reasonably requested by the Issuer (or agents acting 
on its behalf) to verify the Noteholder’s identity and the source of the payment used by 
such Noteholder or its subsequent transferee when purchasing Notes; and 
(c) 
agrees that the Issuer (or agents acting on its behalf) may, subject to any applicable 
banking secrecy laws and relevant confidentiality provisions (1) provide such 
information and documentation and any other information concerning its investment in 
the Notes to any relevant governmental, banking, taxation or other regulatory authority 
and (2) take such other steps as they deem necessary or helpful (in all cases, in the sole 
discretion of the Issuer or its respective agents) to comply with any applicable law or 
regulation. 
18. 
ILLEGALITY AND FORCE MAJEURE 
This Condition 18 will apply to the Notes if so specified in the applicable Final Terms. 
(a) 
Notice of Termination 
The Issuer shall have the right to early redeem the Notes at any time, by giving 
notice to the Noteholders in accordance with General Condition 13 (Notices), 
if it determines in good faith that:  
(i) 
its performance under the Notes has become unlawful in whole or in 
part for any reason; or 
(b) 
its performance under the Notes has become impracticable or 
impossible by reason of a Force Majeure Event occurring after the date 
on which the relevant transaction has been concluded (such date being 
excluded).  
For the purposes of this Condition 18(a): 
Force Majeure Event means any event beyond the reasonable control of the 
Issuer (as applicable), including, without limitation: 
(i) 
any act, law, rule, regulation, judgment, order, directive, decree or 
material legislative interference of any Government Authority or 
otherwise; or 
(ii) 
the occurrence or declaration of war (civil or otherwise), disruption, 
military action, unrest political insurrection, terrorist activity of any 
kind, riot, protest and/or civil commotion; or  
(iii) 
the occurrence of sabotage, fire, flood, explosion, earthquake, 
meteorological or geological catastrophe or other calamity or 
emergency; or  
(iv) 
any financial, political or economic event(s) (including, without 
limitation, any change in national or international political, legal, tax or 
regulatory conditions) or any other causes or impediments beyond the 
control of the Issuer, where such event (1) prevents, restricts, delays or 
otherwise materially hinders the performance of the Issuer's obligations 
under the Notes and/or (2) to a material extent prevents or restricts 
settlement of transactions in the Notes in the market or otherwise. 
Government Authority means any nation, state or government, any province 
or other political subdivision thereof, any body, agency or ministry, any taxing, 
monetary, foreign exchange or other authority, court, tribunal or other

--- Page 163 ---
163 
instrumentality and any other entity exercising, executive, legislative, judicial, 
regulatory or administrative functions of or pertaining to government. 
(b) 
Payment 
Upon the termination of the Notes as aforesaid, the Issuer will, in respect of each Note, 
cause to be paid to the Noteholder the Early Redemption Amount. Payment will be 
made in such manner as shall be notified to the Noteholders in accordance with 
Condition 13 (Notices). 
19. 
GOVERNING LAW AND SUBMISSION TO JURISDICTION 
(a) 
Governing law 
The Agency Agreement, the Deed of Covenant, the Notes, the Receipts, the Coupons 
and any non-contractual obligations arising out of or in connection with the Agency 
Agreement, the Deed of Covenant, the Notes, the Receipts and the Coupons are 
governed by, and shall be construed in accordance with, English law. 
(b) 
Submission to jurisdiction 
The courts of England are to have jurisdiction to settle any disputes which may arise 
out of or in connection with the Agency Agreement, the Deed of Covenant, the Notes, 
the Receipts and/or the Coupons (including a dispute relating to any non-contractual 
obligations arising out of or in connection with the Agency Agreement, the Deed of 
Covenant, the Notes, the Receipts and/or the Coupons) and that accordingly any suit, 
action or proceedings arising out of or in connection with the Agency Agreement, the 
Deed of Covenant, the Notes, the Receipts and the Coupons (including any Proceedings 
relating to any non-contractual obligations arising out of or in connection with the 
Agency Agreement, the Deed of Covenant, the Notes, the Receipts and/or the Coupons) 
(together referred to as Proceedings) may be brought in such courts.  
Nothing contained in the paragraph above above shall limit the right of any party to 
Deed of Covenant, the Notes, the Receipts and/or the Coupons to take Proceedings in 
any other court of competent jurisdiction, nor shall the taking of Proceedings in one or 
more jurisdictions preclude the taking of Proceedings in any other jurisdiction, whether 
concurrently or not. 
(c) 
Appointment of Process Agent 
The Issuer appoints Edmond de Rothschild (UK) Limited at its registered office for the 
time being at 4 Carlton Gardens, London SW1Y5AA, United Kingdom (reference 
Edmond de Rothschild (France)) as its agent for service of process, and undertakes that, 
in the event of Edmond de Rothschild (UK) Limited ceasing so to act, it will appoint 
another person as its agent for service of process in England in respect of any 
Proceedings. The Issuer hereby confirms that it is willing to accept service in respect of 
any Proceedings by way of email to compliance@lcfr.co.uk. Nothing herein shall affect 
the right to serve Proceedings in any other manner permitted by law. 
(d) 
Waiver of immunity 
The Issuer hereby irrevocably and unconditionally waives with respect to the Agency 
Agreement, the Deed of Covenant, the Notes, the Receipts and/or the Coupons any right 
to claim immunity from jurisdiction or execution and any similar defence and 
irrevocably and unconditionally consents to the giving of any relief or the issue of any 
process, including without limitation the making, enforcement or execution against any 
property whatsoever (irrespective of its use or intended use) of any order or judgment 
made or given in connection with any Proceedings. 
20. 
STATUTORY WRITE-DOWN OR CONVERSION

--- Page 164 ---
164 
(a) 
Acknowledgement 
 
Notwithstanding any other term of a given Series of Notes or any other agreement, 
arrangement or understanding between the Issuer and the holders of any Note, by its 
acquisition of any of Note, each Noteholder (which for the purposes of this Condition 
19 includes each holder of a beneficial interest in any Note) acknowledges, accepts, 
consents and agrees: 
 
(i) 
to be bound by the effect of the exercise of the Statutory Loss Absorption 
Powers by the Relevant Resolution Authority, which may include and result in 
any of the following, or some combination thereof: 
 
1) 
the reduction of all, or a portion, of the Amounts Due on a permanent 
basis; 
 
2) 
the conversion of all, or a portion, of the Amounts Due into shares, 
other securities or other obligations of the Issuer or another person (and 
the issue to the holder of the Notes of such shares, securities or 
obligations), including by means of an amendment, modification or 
variation of the terms of such Notes, in which case the holder of such 
Notes agrees to accept in lieu of its rights under such Notes any such 
shares, other securities or other obligations of the Issuer or another 
person; 
 
3) 
the cancellation of the Notes; 
 
4) 
the amendment or alteration of the maturity of the Notes or amendment 
of the amount of interest payable on the Notes, or the date on which 
the interest becomes payable, including by suspending payment for a 
temporary period; and 
 
(ii) 
that the terms of the Notes are subject to, and may be varied, if necessary, to 
give effect to, the exercise of the Statutory Loss Absorption Powers by the 
Relevant Resolution Authority. 
 
For purposes of this Condition 19: 
 
Amounts Due means the outstanding principal amount of the Notes and any accrued 
and unpaid interest on the Notes. 
 
Statutory Loss Absorption Powers means any power existing from time to time under 
any laws, regulations, rules or requirements in effect in France, relating to the 
transposition of Directive 2014/59/EU of the European Parliament and of the Council 
of 15 May 2014 establishing a framework for the recovery and resolution of credit 
institutions and investment firms (as amended from time to time, the BRRD), including 
without limitation pursuant to French decree-law No. 2015-1024 dated 20 August 2015 
(Ordonnance portant diverses dispositions d'adaptation de la législation au droit de 
l'Union européenne en matière financière) (as amended from time to time, the 20 
August 2015 Decree Law), Regulation (EU) No. 806/2014 of the European Parliament 
and of the Council of 15 July 2014 establishing uniform rules and a uniform procedure 
for the resolution of credit institutions and certain investment firms in the framework 
of a single Resolution Mechanism and a Single Resolution Fund and amending 
Regulation (EU) No. 1093/2010 (as amended from time to time, the SRM), or 
otherwise arising under French law, and in each case the instructions, rules and 
standards created thereunder, pursuant to which the obligations of a Regulated Entity 
(or an affiliate of such Regulated Entity) can be reduced (in part or in whole), cancelled, 
suspended, transferred, varied or otherwise modified in any way, or securities of a 
Regulated Entity (or an affiliate of such Regulated Entity) can be converted into shares, 
other securities, or other obligations of such Regulated Entity or any other person,

--- Page 165 ---
165 
whether in connection with the implementation of the bail-in tool following placement 
in resolution or of write-down or conversion powers before a resolution proceeding is 
initiated or without a resolution proceeding, or otherwise. 
 
Regulated Entity means any entity referred to in Section I of Article L.613-34 of the 
French Code monétaire et financier as modified by the 20 August 2015 Decree Law, 
which includes certain credit institutions, investment firms, and certain of their parent 
or holding companies established in France. 
 
Relevant Resolution Authority means the Autorité de contrôle prudentiel et de 
résolution, the Single Resolution Board established pursuant to the SRM and/or any 
other authority entitled to exercise or participate in the exercise of the Statutory Loss 
Absorption Powers from time to time (including the Council of the European Union 
and the European Commission when acting pursuant to Article 18 of the SRM). 
 
(b) 
Payment of Interest and Other Outstanding Amounts Due 
 
No repayment or payment of the Amounts Due will become due and payable or be paid 
after the exercise of the Statutory Loss Absorption Powers by the Relevant Resolution 
Authority with respect to the Issuer unless, at the time such repayment or payment, 
respectively, is scheduled to become due, such repayment or payment would be 
permitted to be made by the Issuer under the laws and regulations in effect in France 
and the European Union applicable to the Issuer or other members of the Edmond de 
Rothschild group. 
 
(c) 
No Event of Default 
 
Neither a cancellation of the Notes, a reduction, in part or in full, of the Amounts Due, 
the conversion thereof into another security or obligation of the Issuer or another 
person, as a result of the exercise of the Statutory Loss Absorption Powers by the 
Relevant Resolution Authority with respect to the Issuer, nor the exercise of the 
Statutory Loss Absorption Powers by the Relevant Resolution Authority with respect 
to the Notes will be an event of default or otherwise constitute nonperformance of a 
contractual obligation, or entitle the holder of such Notes to any remedies (including 
equitable remedies) which are hereby expressly waived. 
 
(d) 
Notice to Noteholders 
 
Upon the exercise of any Statutory Loss Absorption Powers by the Relevant Resolution 
Authority with respect to the Notes, the Issuer will make available a written notice to 
the holders of such Notes in accordance with Condition 13 (Notices) as soon as 
practicable regarding such exercise of the Statutory Loss Absorption Powers. The 
Issuer will also deliver a copy of such notice to the Agent for informational purposes, 
although the Agent shall not be required to send such notice to the holders of such 
Notes. Any delay or failure by the Issuer to give notice shall not affect the validity and 
enforceability of the Statutory Loss Absorption Powers nor the effects on the Notes 
described in Condition 19 (a) above. 
 
(e) 
Duties of the Paying Agents 
 
Upon the exercise of any Statutory Loss Absorption Powers by the Relevant Resolution 
Authority, (a) the Paying Agents shall not be required to take any directions from 
holders of Notes, and (b) the Agency Agreement shall impose no duties upon any of 
the Paying Agents whatsoever, in each case with respect to the exercise of any Statutory 
Loss Absorption Powers by the Relevant Resolution Authority. 
 
Notwithstanding the foregoing, if, following the completion of the exercise of the 
Statutory Loss Absorption Powers by the Relevant Resolution Authority, any Notes 
remain outstanding (for example, if the exercise of the Statutory Loss Absorption

--- Page 166 ---
166 
Powers results in only a partial write-down of the principal of the Notes), then the 
Paying Agents' duties under the Agency Agreement shall remain applicable with 
respect to the Notes following such completion to the extent that the Issuer and the 
Paying Agents shall agree pursuant to an amendment to the Agency Agreement. 
 
(f) 
Proration 
 
If the Relevant Resolution Authority exercises the Statutory Loss Absorption Powers 
with respect to less than the total Amounts Due, unless any of the Paying Agents is 
otherwise instructed by the Issuer or the Relevant Resolution Authority, any 
cancellation, write-off or conversion made in respect of the relevant Series of Notes 
pursuant to the Statutory Loss Absorption Powers will be made on a pro-rata basis. 
 
(g) 
Conditions Exhaustive 
 
The matters set forth in this Condition 19 shall be exhaustive on the foregoing matters 
to the exclusion of any other agreements, arrangements or understandings between the 
Issuer and any holder of Notes. 
 
21. 
CONTRACTS (RIGHTS OF THIRD PARTIES) ACT 1999 
A person who is not a Noteholder shall have no right under the Contracts (Rights of Third 
Parties) Act 1999 to enforce any term of the Notes, but this does not affect any right or remedy 
of a third party which exists or is available apart from such Act.

--- Page 167 ---
167 
RATE ANNEX 
ADDITIONAL TERMS AND CONDITIONS FOR RATE LINKED NOTES 
The terms and conditions applicable to Rate Linked Notes shall comprise the Terms and Conditions of 
the Notes (the Note Conditions), the additional Terms and Conditions set out below in this Rate Annex 
(the Rate Linked Conditions) and the additional Terms and Conditions set out in the Payoff Annex (the 
Payoff Conditions and, together with the Note Conditions and the Rate Linked Conditions, the 
Conditions) and, in each case subject to completion in the applicable Final Terms. In the event of any 
inconsistency between the Note Conditions and the Rate Linked Conditions, the Rate Linked Conditions 
shall prevail. In the event of any inconsistency between (i) the Note Conditions and the Rate Linked 
Conditions and (ii) the Final Terms, the Final Terms shall prevail. References in the Rate Linked 
Conditions to Notes shall be deemed to be references to Rate Linked Notes. Defined terms used in this 
Rate Annex or the related section of the Final Terms where the same term may be used in another Annex 
(e.g. Coupon Observation Date) shall have the meanings given in this Rate Annex or in the section of 
the Final Terms relating to Rate Linked Notes notwithstanding the same terms being used in another 
Annex or section of the Final Terms. 
1. 
Rate Linked Notes 
(a) 
Coupon Payment Dates 
If any Coupon Payment Date would otherwise fall on a day which is not a Business 
Day, then, if the Business Day Convention specified in the Final Terms is: 
(i) 
the Benchmark Rate Convention, such Coupon Payment Date shall be 
postponed to the next day which is a Business Day unless it would thereby fall 
into the next calendar month, in which event (I) such Coupon Payment Date 
shall be brought forward to the immediately preceding Business Day and (II) 
each subsequent Coupon Payment Date shall be the last Business Day in the 
month which is the number of months or other period specified in the 
applicable Final Terms after the preceding applicable Coupon Payment Date 
occurred; 
(ii) 
the Following Business Day Convention, such Coupon Payment Date, shall be 
postponed to the next day which is a Business Day;  
(iii) 
the Modified Following Business Day Convention, such Coupon Payment 
Date shall be postponed to the next day which is a Business Day unless it would 
thereby fall into the next calendar month, in which event such Coupon Payment 
Date shall be brought forward to the immediately preceding Business Day; or 
(iv) 
the Preceding Business Day Convention, such Coupon Payment Date shall be 
brought forward to the immediately preceding Business Day. 
 (b) 
Benchmark Rate Level  
The Benchmark Rate Level payable from time to time in respect of Rate Linked Notes 
will be determined in the manner specified in the applicable Final Terms. 
(i) 
ISDA Determination for Rate Linked Notes 
Where ISDA Determination is specified in the applicable Final Terms as the 
manner in which the Benchmark Rate Level is to be determined, the Benchmark 
Rate Level for each Coupon Period will be the relevant ISDA Rate plus or 
minus (as indicated in the applicable Final Terms) the Margin (if any). 
(A) 
2021 Definitions 
For the purposes of this sub-paragraph (A), if 2021 ISDA Definitions 
are specified as applicable in the Final Terms, Benchmark Rate

--- Page 168 ---
168 
Level for a Coupon Period means a rate equal to the Floating Rate 
that should be determined by the Agent or other person specified in 
the applicable Final Terms under an interest rate swap transaction if 
the Agent or that other person were acting as Calculation Agent for 
that swap transaction under the terms of an agreement incorporating 
the 2021 ISDA Definitions and under which: 
− 
the definition of "Alternative Pre-nominated Index" shall be read 
as referring to such indices, benchmarks or other price sources 
specified as such in the applicable Final Terms; 
− 
"Business Day" shall mean each day that is a Business Day under 
the Conditions of the Rate Linked Notes; 
− 
"Calculation Period" means the relevant Coupon Period; 
− 
the definition of "Compounding Date" shall be read as referring to 
each day specified as such (or determined pursuant to a method 
specified for that purpose) in the applicable Final Terms; 
− 
the definition of "Impacted Index" shall be read as referring to the 
index, benchmark or other price source specified as such in the 
applicable Final Terms; 
− 
"Rate Cut-off Date" shall mean each day specified as such in the 
applicable Final Terms; 
− 
references to "the Confirmation" in Section 2.3.8 (Application of 
Business Day Conventions) of the 2021 ISDA Definitions shall be 
read as referring to the applicable Final Terms; 
− 
references to "the Confirmation" in Section 4.8 (Rounding) of the 
2021 ISDA Definitions shall be read as referring to the applicable 
Final Terms; 
− 
Section 4.9 (Straight Compounding, Flat Compounding and 
Spread Exclusive Compounding) of the ISDA Definitions shall be 
read as referring to "Straight Compounding", "Flat Compounding" 
or "Spread Exclusive Compounding" being specified to apply in 
the applicable Final Terms; 
− 
Section 6.3.2 (Unweighted Average Floating Rate) of the ISDA 
Definitions shall be read as referring to "Unweighted Average" 
applying if specified to apply in the applicable Final Terms; 
− 
Section 6.3.3 (Weighted Average Floating Rate) of the ISDA 
Definitions shall be read as referring to "Weighted Average" 
applying if specified to apply in the applicable Final Terms; 
− 
Section 6.8.2 (Floating Negative Interest Rate Method 
(Straight/Flat/Spread Exclusive Compounding not applicable)) of 
the 2021 ISDA Definitions shall be read as referring to "Floating 
Negative Interest Rate Method" applying if specified to apply in 
the applicable Final Terms;

--- Page 169 ---
169 
− 
Section 6.8.3 (Floating Negative Interest Rate Method 
(Straight/Flat/Spread Exclusive Compounding applicable)) of the 
2021 ISDA Definitions shall be read as referring to Floating 
Negative Interest Rate Method and "Straight Exclusive 
Compounding", "Flat Exclusive Compounding" or "Spread 
Exclusive Compounding" applying as specified to apply in the 
applicable Final Terms; 
− 
Section 6.8.4 (Zero Interest Rate Method (Straight/Flat/Spread 
Exclusive Compounding not applicable)) of the 2021 ISDA 
Definitions shall be read as referring to "Zero Interest Rate 
Method" applying if specified to apply in the applicable Final 
Terms; 
− 
Section 6.8.5 (Zero Interest Rate Method (Straight/Flat/Spread 
Exclusive Compounding applicable)) of the 2021 ISDA 
Definitions shall be read as referring to "Zero Interest Rate 
Method" and "Straight Exclusive Compounding", "Flat Exclusive 
Compounding" or "Spread Exclusive Compounding" applying as 
specified to apply in the applicable Final Terms; 
− 
Section 6.8.6 (Zero Interest Rate Method Excluding Spread 
(Straight/Flat/Spread Exclusive Compounding not applicable)) of 
the 2021 ISDA Definitions shall be read as referring to "Zero 
Interest Rate Method Excluding Spread" applying if specified to 
apply in the applicable Final Terms; 
− 
Section 6.13 (Planned Replacement of a Benchmark) of the 2021 
ISDA Definitions shall be read as referring to a "Successor 
Benchmark" and a "Successor Benchmark Effective Date" being 
specified in the applicable Final Terms; 
− 
the reference to a "Calculation Period to which "Linear 
Interpolation" applies" in Section 6.10.1 (Use of Linear 
Interpolation) of the 2021 ISDA Definitions shall be read as the 
relevant Interest Period, if "Linear Interpolation" is specified as 
being applicable to such period in the applicable Final Terms; 
− 
references to "the Confirmation" in Section 7.3.1 (OIS 
Compounding) of the 2021 ISDA Definitions shall be read as 
referring to the applicable Final Terms; 
− 
references to "the Confirmation" in Section 7.3.2 (Compounding 
with Lookback) of the 2021 ISDA Definitions shall be read as 
referring to the applicable Final Terms; 
− 
references to "the Confirmation" in Section 7.3.3 (Compounding 
with Observation Period Shift) of the 2021 ISDA Definitions shall 
be read as referring to the applicable Final Terms; 
− 
references to "the Confirmation" in Section 7.3.4 (Compounding 
with Lockout) of the 2021 ISDA Definitions shall be read as 
referring to the applicable Final Terms;

--- Page 170 ---
170 
− 
references to "the Confirmation" in Section 7.4.1 (OIS Averaging) 
of the ISDA Definitions shall be read as referring to the applicable 
Final Terms; 
− 
references to "the Confirmation" in Section 7.4.2 (Averaging with 
Lookback) of the 2021 ISDA Definitions shall be read as referring 
to the applicable Final Terms; 
− 
references to "the Confirmation" in Section 7.4.3 (Averaging with 
Observation Period Shift) of the 2021 ISDA Definitions shall be 
read as referring to the applicable Final Terms; 
− 
references to "the Confirmation" in Section 7.4.4 (Averaging with 
Lockout) of the 2021 ISDA Definitions shall be read as referring 
to the applicable Final Terms; 
− 
references to "the Confirmation" in Section 7.7.1 (Standard Index 
Method) of the 2021 ISDA Definitions shall be read as referring 
to the applicable Final Terms; 
− 
references to "the Confirmation" in Section 7.7.2 (All-In 
Compounded Index Method) of the 2021 ISDA Definitions shall 
be read as referring to the applicable Final Terms; 
− 
references to "the Confirmation" in Section 7.7.3 (Compounded 
Index Method) of the 2021 ISDA Definitions shall be read as 
referring to the applicable Final Terms; 
− 
references to "the Confirmation" in Section 7.7.4 (Compounded 
Index Method with Observation Period Shift) of the 2021 ISDA 
Definitions shall be read as referring to the applicable Final Terms; 
− 
 the definition of "Day Count Basis" for the purposes of Sections 
7.3.1 (OIS Compounding), 7.3.2 (Compounding with Lookback), 
7.3.3 (Compounding with Observation Period Shift), 7.3.4 
(Compounding with Lockout), 7.7.1 (Standard Index Method), 
7.7.2 (All-In Compounded Index Method), 7.7.3 (Compounded 
Index Method), 7.7.4 (Compounded Index Method with 
Observation Period Shift), means the number specified as such for 
such purpose in the applicable Final Terms, or, if not specified in 
the applicable Final Terms, the denominator of the Day Count 
Fraction specified for a Rate Linked Note in the applicable Final 
Terms; 
− 
Sections 7.3.3 (Compounding with Observation Period Shift), 
7.4.3 (Averaging with Observation Period Shift), 7.7.4 
(Compounded Index Method with Observation Period Shift) of the 
2021 ISDA Definitions shall be read as referring to "Set-in-
Advance" being applicable if specified as applicable in the 
applicable Final Terms; and 
− 
references to "the Confirmation" in Section 8.3.1 (Application of 
Administrator/Benchmark Event) of the 2021 ISDA Definitions 
shall be read as referring to the applicable Final Terms.

--- Page 171 ---
171 
For the purposes of sub-paragraph (A), Floating Rate Option, 
Applicable Benchmark, Designated Maturity, Fixing Day, Fixing 
Time, Reset Dates, Successor Benchmark, Successor Benchmark 
Effective 
Date, 
Permanent 
Cessation 
Trigger, 
Administrator/Benchmark Event, Specified Public Source, 
Temporary Non-Publication Trigger, Permanent Cessation 
Fallback, Applicable Fallback Rate, Underlying Fallback Rate, 
Administrator/Benchmark Fallback, Temporary Non-Publication 
Fallback, Overnight Rate Compounding Method, Overnight Rate 
Averaging Method, Daily Floored Rate, Daily Capped Rate, Index 
Method, Relevant Index Level have the meanings given to those 
terms in the 2021 ISDA Definitions, but with references, where 
applicable, to "the Confirmation" being read as the applicable Final 
Terms and references, where applicable to the "Calculation Period" 
being read as the relevant Coupon Period. 
(B) 
2000 Definitions or 2006 Definitions 
For the purposes of this sub-paragraph (B), if the 2000 ISDA 
Definitions or the 2006 ISDA Definitions are specified as being 
applicable in the Final Terms, Benchmark Rate Level for a Coupon 
Period means a rate equal to the Floating Rate that should be 
determined by the Agent or other person specified in the applicable 
Final Terms under an interest rate swap transaction if the Agent or 
that other person were acting as Calculation Agent for that swap 
transaction under the terms of an agreement incorporating the 2000 
ISDA Definitions or the 2006 ISDA Definitions (as specified in the 
Final Terms) and under which: 
− 
the Floating Rate Option is as specified in the applicable Final 
Terms; 
− 
Business Day shall mean each day that is a Business Day under the 
Conditions of the Rate Linked Notes; 
− 
Calculation Period means the relevant Coupon Period; 
− 
if the Floating Rate Option specified in the applicable Final Terms 
is an Overnight Floating Rate Option and either Compounding or 
Averaging is specified as applicable in the applicable Final Terms: 
• 
"Day Count Basis" means the denominator of the Day Count 
Fraction specified for a Floating Rate Note in the applicable 
Final Terms; 
• 
an Applicable Business Day is any day that is a Business Day 
(as defined in these Conditions);  
• 
the relevant Reset Date is the last day of the relevant Coupon 
Period or such Reset Date as is specified in the Final Terms; 
▪ 
the Daily Capped Rate is as specified in the applicable Final 
Terms; 
▪ 
the Daily Floored Rate is as specified in the applicable Final 
Terms;

--- Page 172 ---
172 
▪ 
Delayed Payment will be applicable if specified as such in the 
applicable Final Terms, and if so, the applicable number of 
days is either (1) as specified in the applicable Final Terms, or 
(2) if no number is specified as such in the applicable Final 
Terms, five (5); 
▪ 
if Compounding is specified as applicable in the applicable 
Final Terms: 
• 
OIS Compounding will be applicable if specified as 
such in the applicable Final Terms; 
• 
Compounding with Lookback will be applicable if 
specified as such in the applicable Final Terms, and if 
so, the Lookback is either (x) as specified in the 
applicable Final Terms, or (y) if no number is 
specified as such in the applicable Final Terms, the 
number specified as the "Lookback" for the relevant 
Floating Rate Option in the 2006 ISDA Definitions, or 
(z) if no such number is specified for the relevant 
Floating Rate Option, five (5); 
• 
Compounding with Observation Period Shift will be 
applicable if specified as such in the applicable Final 
Terms, and if so, Set in Advance will be applicable if 
specified as such in the applicable Final Terms, 
Observation Period Shift Additional Business Day is 
as specified in the applicable Final Terms, and the 
Observation Period Shift is either (x) as specified in 
the applicable Final Terms, or (y) if no number is 
specified as such in the applicable Final Terms, the 
number specified as the "Observation Period Shift" for 
the relevant Floating Rate Option in the 2006 ISDA 
Definitions, or (z) if no such number is specified for 
the relevant Floating Rate Option, five (5); and 
• 
Compounding with Lockout will be applicable if 
specified as such in the applicable Final Terms, and if 
so, Lockout Period Business Day is as specified in the 
applicable Final Terms and the Lockout is either (x) as 
specified in the applicable Final Terms, or (y) if no 
number is specified as such in the applicable Final 
Terms, the number specified as the "Lockout" for the 
relevant Floating Rate Option in the 2006 ISDA 
Definitions, or (z) if no such number is specified for 
the relevant Floating Rate Option, five (5); or 
▪ 
if Averaging is specified as applicable in the applicable Final 
Terms: 
• 
Overnight Averaging will be applicable if specified as 
such in the applicable Final Terms; 
• 
Averaging with Lookback will be applicable if 
specified as such in the applicable Final Terms, and if

--- Page 173 ---
173 
so, the Lookback is either (x) as specified in the 
applicable Final Terms, or (y) if no number is 
specified as such in the applicable Final Terms, the 
number specified as the "Lookback" for the relevant 
Floating Rate Option in the 2006 ISDA Definitions, or 
(z) if no such number is specified for the relevant 
Floating Rate Option, five (5); 
• 
Averaging with Observation Period Shift will be 
applicable if specified as such in the applicable Final 
Terms, and if so, Set in Advance will be applicable if 
specified as such in the applicable Final Terms, 
Observation Period Shift Additional Business Day is 
as specified in the applicable Final Terms and the 
Observation Period Shift is either (x) as specified in 
the applicable Final Terms, or (y) if no number is 
specified as such in the applicable Final Terms, the 
number specified as the "Observation Period Shift" for 
the relevant Floating Rate Option in the 2006 ISDA 
Definitions, or (z) if no such number is specified for 
the relevant Floating Rate Option, five (5); and 
• 
Averaging with Lockout will be applicable if specified 
as such in the applicable Final Terms, and if so, 
Lockout Period Business Day is as specified in the 
applicable Final Terms and the Lockout is either (x) as 
specified in the applicable Final Terms, or (y) if no 
number is specified as such in the applicable Final 
Terms, the number specified as the "Lockout" for the 
relevant Floating Rate Option in the 2006 ISDA 
Definitions, or (z) if no such number is specified for 
the relevant Floating Rate Option, five (5); or 
− 
otherwise: 
• 
the Designated Maturity is a period specified in the 
applicable Final Terms for the relevant Coupon Period; 
and 
• 
the relevant Reset Date is as specified in the applicable 
Final Terms. 
For the purposes of this sub-paragraph (B), Floating Rate, 
Calculation Agent, Floating Rate Option, Designated Maturity, 
Reset Date, Overnight Floating Rate Option, Applicable Business 
Day, Observation Period Shift Additional Business Day, Lockout 
Period Business Day, Daily Capped Rate, Daily Floored Rate, OIS 
Compounding, Compounding with Lookback, Compounding with 
Observation Period Shift, Compounding with Lockout, Overnight 
Averaging, 
Averaging 
with 
Lookback, 
Averaging 
with 
Observation Period Shift, Averaging with Lockout, Delayed 
Payment, Set in Advance, Lookback, Observation Period Shift and 
Lockout have the meanings given to those terms in the 2000 ISDA 
Definitions or the 2006 ISDA Definitions (as specified in the Final

--- Page 174 ---
174 
Terms), but with references, where applicable, to "the Confirmation" 
being read as "the applicable Final Terms" and references, where 
applicable to the "Calculation Period" being read as the "Coupon 
Period". 
Where the 2000 ISDA Definitions or the 2006 ISDA Definitions (as 
specified in the Final Terms) state that the determination of the Floating 
Rate Option will be pursuant to any requirement for the Calculation 
Agent to request quotes from Reference Banks, Reference Dealers or 
major banks pursuant to the ISDA Definitions, such requirement to 
make requests for quotations for rates from, and the provision of 
quotations for rates by, the requisite number of Reference Banks, 
Reference Dealers or major banks may be effected by reference to and 
using quotations or tradable market prices which are made available by 
such Reference Banks, Reference Dealers or major banks via electronic 
data providers or electronic trading platforms. For the purposes of the 
preceding sentence, the terms "Reference Banks" and "Reference 
Dealers" shall have the meanings set out in the 2000 ISDA Definitions 
or the 2006 ISDA Definitions (as specified in the Final Terms). If the 
fallback as set out in the definition of the Floating Rate Option pursuant 
to the 2000 ISDA Definitions or the 2006 ISDA Definitions (as 
specified in the Final Terms) does not produce a result, the Calculation 
Agent shall determine the rate acting in good faith and in a 
commercially reasonable manner. 
(ii) 
Screen Rate Determination for Rate Linked Notes 
Where Screen Rate Determination is specified in the relevant Final Terms as 
the manner in which the Benchmark Rate Level is to be determined, the 
Benchmark Rate Level for each Coupon Observation Date shall be determined 
by the Calculation Agent at or about the Relevant Time in accordance with the 
following: 
(A) 
if the Primary Source for Benchmark Rate Level is a Page, subject as 
provided below, the Benchmark Rate Level shall be: 
(x) 
the Relevant Rate (where such Relevant Rate on such Page is 
a composite quotation or is customarily supplied by one entity) 
or 
(y) 
the arithmetic mean of the Relevant Rates of the persons 
whose Relevant Rates appear on that Page,  
in each case appearing on such Page at the Relevant Time on the 
Coupon Observation Date, subject as otherwise specified in the relevant 
Final Terms  
(B) 
if the Primary Source for the Benchmark Rate Level is Reference 
Banks or if sub-paragraph (A)(x) applies and no Relevant Rate appears 
on the Page at the Relevant Time on the Coupon Observation Date or 
if sub-paragraph (A)(y) applies and fewer than two Relevant Rates 
appear on the Page at the Relevant Time on the Coupon Observation 
Date, subject as provided below, the Benchmark Rate Level shall be 
the arithmetic mean of the Relevant Rates that each of the Reference 
Banks is quoting to leading banks in the Relevant Financial Centre at 
the Relevant Time on the Coupon Observation Date, as determined by 
the Calculation Agent; and

--- Page 175 ---
175 
(C) 
if paragraph (B) above applies and the Calculation Agent determines 
that fewer than two Reference Banks are so quoting Relevant Rates, 
subject as provided below, the Benchmark Rate Level shall be the 
arithmetic mean of the rates per annum (expressed as a percentage) that 
the Calculation Agent determines to be the rates (being the nearest 
equivalent to the Benchmark Rate) in respect of a Representative 
Amount of the Specified Currency that at least two out of five leading 
banks selected by the Calculation Agent in the principal financial 
centre of the country of the Specified Currency or, if the Specified 
Currency is euro, in the euro-zone as selected by the Calculation Agent 
(the Principal Financial Centre) are quoting at or about the Relevant 
Time on the date on which such banks would customarily quote such 
rates for a period commencing on the Effective Date for a period 
equivalent to the Specified Duration to leading banks carrying on 
business in Europe, or (if the Calculation Agent determines that fewer 
than two of such banks are so quoting to leading banks in Europe) to 
leading banks carrying on business in the Principal Financial Centre; 
except that, if fewer than two of such banks are so quoting to leading 
banks in the Principal Financial Centre, the Benchmark Rate Level 
shall be the Benchmark Rate Level determined on the previous Coupon 
Observation Date. 
2. 
Consequences of an Additional Disruption Event 
(a) 
If "Change in Law", "Hedging Disruption" and/or "Increased Cost of Hedging" (each, 
an Additional Disruption Event) is specified in the Final Terms to be applicable, then 
upon the occurrence of any such an event the Issuer may: 
(i) 
give notice to the Noteholders that it elects to apply Monetisation until the 
Maturity Date in accordance with the provisions of section 5 below; or 
(ii) 
require the Calculation Agent to make such adjustments to any of the 
Conditions as it considers appropriate in its sole and absolute discretion to 
account for such Additional Disruption Event and determine the date(s) on 
which any such adjustments will be effective; or 
(iii) 
give notice to the Noteholders that it elects to redeem the Notes at their Early 
Redemption Amount, subject always to the terms of the Payoff Annex. 
(b) 
Upon the occurrence of an Additional Disruption Event, the Issuer shall give notice as 
soon as practicable to the Noteholders stating the occurrence of the Additional 
Disruption Event, giving details thereof and the action proposed to be taken in relation 
thereto. 
3. 
Benchmark Trigger Events 
(a) 
If the definition of the Relevant Rate Benchmark includes a reference to a definition of, 
or concept described as, an “index cessation event” (howsoever regardless of how it is 
defined or described) then, upon the occurrence of such an event, any fallback specified 
in that definition to apply following such an event (the Priority Fallback) shall apply. 
If the Priority Fallback fails to provide a means of determining the index level then 
section 3(b) below shall apply. 
(b) 
Subject to section 3(a) above, if a Benchmark Trigger Event occurs, the Calculation 
Agent shall elect to take one of the actions described in sub-paragraphs (i), (ii) or (iii) 
below, with effect from the Business Day following the Cut-Off Date: 
(i) 
If an Impacted Index and an Alternative Pre-nominated Index have been 
specified in the applicable Final Terms, (A) the Relevant Rate Benchmark will

--- Page 176 ---
176 
be replaced with the Alternative Pre-nominated Rate Index, (B) the Calculation 
Agent shall apply the Adjustment Spread to the Alternative Pre-nominated 
Index and (C) the Calculation Agent may, after taking into account any 
Adjustment Spread, make such other adjustments to any of the Conditions as 
are necessary to account for the effect on the Notes of referencing the 
Alternative Pre-nominated Index. 
(ii) 
If there is an Alternative Post-nominated Index, (A) the Relevant Rate 
Benchmark will be replaced with the Alternative Post-nominated Index, (B) the 
Calculation Agent shall apply the Adjustment Spread to the Alternative Post-
nominated Index and (C) the Calculation Agent may, after taking into account 
any Adjustment Spread, make such other adjustments to any of the Conditions 
as are necessary to account for the effect on the Notes of referencing the 
Alternative Post-nominated Index.  
(iii) 
If there is a Calculation Agent Nominated Replacement Index, (A) the Relevant 
Rate Benchmark will be replaced with the Calculation Agent Nominated 
Replacement Index, (B) the Calculation Agent shall apply the Adjustment 
Spread to the Calculation Agent Nominated Replacement Index and (C) the 
Calculation Agent may, after taking into account any Adjustment Spread, make 
such other adjustments to any of the Conditions as are necessary to account for 
the effect on the Notes of referencing the Calculation Agent Nominated 
Replacement Index. 
(iv) 
Upon giving notice to the Noteholders, the Issuer shall redeem all but not some 
only of the Notes, each Note being redeemed at their Early Redemption 
Amount, subject always to the terms of the Payoff Annex. 
(c) 
If an Index Cessation Event occurs, the Cut-off Date will be the later of (i) 15 Business 
Days following the day on which the public statement is made or the information is 
published, in each case as referred to in the definition of "Index Cessation Event" and 
(ii) the first day on which the Relevant Benchmark is no longer available, provided that, 
if more than one Relevant Nominating Body formally designates, nominates or 
recommends an Alternative Post-nominated Index or a spread or methodology for 
calculating a spread in accordance with section 3(b)(ii) and one or more of those 
Relevant Nominating Bodies does so on or after the day that is three Business Days 
before such date, then the Cut-off Date will instead be the second Business Day 
following the date that, but for this proviso, would have been the Cut-off Date. 
(d) 
If an Administrator/Benchmark Event occurs, the Cut-off Date will be the later of (i) 15 
Business Days following the day on which the notice contemplated in the definition of 
"Administrator/Benchmark Event" is effective and (ii) the Administrator/Benchmark 
Event Date, provided that, if more than one Relevant Nominating Body formally 
designates, nominates or recommends an Alternative Post-nominated Index or a spread 
or methodology for calculating a spread in accordance with section 3(b)(ii) and one or 
more of those Relevant Nominating Bodies does so on or after the day that is three 
Business Days before such date, then the Cut-off Date will instead be the second 
Business Day following the date that, but for this proviso, would have been the Cut-off 
Date. 
(e) 
If, following a Benchmark Trigger Event, the Relevant Benchmark is required for any 
determination under the terms of the Notes and, at that time, no action has been made 
under section 3(b) above, then, for the purposes of that determination, the Calculation 
Agent may determine that level of the Relevant Benchmark:

--- Page 177 ---
177 
(i) 
if 
(A) 
in relation to an Index Cessation Event, the Relevant Benchmark is still 
available; or 
(B) 
in 
relation 
to 
an 
Administrator/Benchmark 
Event, 
the 
Administrator/Benchmark Event Date has not yet occurred, 
pursuant to the terms that would apply to the determination of the Relevant 
Benchmark as if no Benchmark Trigger Event had occurred; 
(ii) 
if  
(A) 
the Relevant Benchmark is no longer available; or 
(B) 
the Administrator/Benchmark Event Date has occurred (as the case may 
be),  
pursuant to any fallbacks specified by the parties to apply in order to determine 
a level for the Relevant Benchmark in circumstances in which the Relevant 
Benchmark is not available and no Benchmark Trigger Event has occurred; or 
(iii) 
if a level for the Relevant Benchmark cannot be determined under sub-
paragraph (i) or (ii) above, as applicable, by reference to the rate published in 
respect of the Relevant Benchmark at the time at which the Relevant 
Benchmark is ordinarily determined on (i) the day on which the Relevant 
Benchmark ceased to be available or (ii) the Administrator/Benchmark Event 
Date, as applicable or, if no rate is published at that time or that rate cannot be 
used in accordance with applicable law or regulation, by reference to the rate 
published at that time on the last day on which the rate was published or can be 
used in accordance with applicable law or regulation, as applicable. 
(f) 
If (i) an event or circumstance which would otherwise constitute or give rise to an 
Administrator/Benchmark Event also constitutes an Index Cessation Event or (ii) an 
Index Cessation Event and an Administrator/Benchmark Event would otherwise be 
continuing at the same time, it will, in either case, constitute an Index Cessation Event 
and will not constitute or give rise to an Administrator/Benchmark Event, provided that, 
if the date that would otherwise have been the Administrator/Benchmark Event Date 
would have occurred before the Relevant Benchmark is no longer available, section 3(e) 
shall apply as if an Administrator/Benchmark Event had occurred. 
(g) 
Whenever the Calculation Agent is required to act, make a determination or to exercise 
judgement in any way under this section 3, it will do so in good faith, in a commercially 
reasonable manner and by reference to any Relevant Market Data. 
(h) 
If, in respect of the Notes: 
(i) 
it is or would be unlawful at any time under any applicable law or regulation to 
determine the Relevant Rate Benchmark in accordance with any applicable 
fallback referred to in section 3(b) (or it would be unlawful were a 
determination to be made at such time);  
(ii) 
it would contravene any applicable licensing requirements to determine the 
Relevant Rate Benchmark in accordance with any applicable fallback referred 
to in section 3(b) (or it would contravene those licensing requirements were a 
determination to be made at such time); or

--- Page 178 ---
178 
(iii) 
the Calculation Agent determines that the Adjustment Spread is or would be a 
benchmark, index or other price source whose production, publication, 
methodology or governance would subject the Calculation Agent or the Issuer 
to material additional regulatory obligations which it is unwilling to undertake, 
then the provisions of section 3(b)(i), 3(b)(ii) or 3(b)(iii), as applicable, shall cease to 
apply. 
(i) 
Following a Benchmark Trigger Event, the Issuer shall give notice as soon as 
practicable to the Noteholders stating the occurrence of the Benchmark Trigger Event, 
giving details thereof and the action that the Calculation Agent propose to take in 
relation thereto in accordance with this section 3. 
4. 
Events having a material effect on the Notes 
Notwithstanding, and without prejudice to, the foregoing provisions of this Rate Annex, if any 
event (whether or not such event is expressly described or otherwise referred to herein) occurs 
which the Calculation Agent determines, acting in good faith, has a material effect on the Notes, 
then: 
(a) 
the Issuer may give notice to the Noteholders that it elects to apply Monetisation until 
the Maturity Date in accordance with the provisions of section 5 below; or 
(b) 
the Calculation Agent may make such adjustments to any of the Conditions as it 
considers appropriate to account for any such event and determine the date(s) on which 
any such adjustments will be effective; or 
(c) 
the Issuer may, upon giving notice to the Noteholders, redeem all but not some only of 
the Notes, each Note being redeemed at their Early Redemption Amount, subject 
always to the terms of the Payoff Annex. 
Upon the Calculation Agent making a determination pursuant to this section 4 which results in 
any adjustments of the terms of the Notes, the Issuer shall give notice as soon as practicable to 
Noteholders giving details of such determination. 
5. 
Monetisation until the Maturity Date 
(a) 
Following notice by the Issuer to the Noteholder that it elects to apply Monetisation 
until the Maturity Date, the Issuer shall no longer be liable for the payment of (1) the 
Instalment Amount(s) initially scheduled to be paid on each Instalment Date and/or (2) 
the Optional Redemption Amount on the Optional Redemption Date and/or (3) the Final 
Redemption Amount on the Maturity Date, but instead will, in full and final satisfaction 
of its obligations under the Notes, pay on the Maturity Date an amount per Note, 
determined by the Calculation Agent as the result of: 
(i) 
100% of the Specified Denomination of the Note; 
plus 
(ii) 
the Monetisation Payment Amount (which may be a positive amount or a 
negative amount) corresponding to the Monetisation Calculation Amount (1) 
capitalised at the applicable zero-coupon rate (which may be positive or 
negative) from and including the Full Liquidation Date (or, if later and 
applicable, the Optional Full Liquidation Date or the Instalment Full 
Liquidation Date) to but excluding the Maturity Date and (2) apportioned pro 
rata amongst the Specified Denomination of each Note. 
less

--- Page 179 ---
179 
(iii) 
the Associated Costs apportioned pro rata amongst the Specified Denomination 
of each Note (without double counting of any cost taken into account in the 
Monetisation Calculation Amount), 
subject to a minimum of zero. 
The Monetisation Calculation Amount is equal to the net cash amount that the Issuer 
or any of its affiliates would be left with (in which case the Monetisation Calculation 
Amount will be expressed as a positive amount) or would have to pay (in which case 
the Monetisation Calculation Amount will be expressed as a negative amount) on the 
Instalment Full Liquidation Date (and, if applicable, the Optional Full Liquidation Date 
and/or the Instalment Full Liquidation Date), as a result of liquidating the Hedge 
Positions (and, if applicable, Optional Hedge Positions and/or the Instalment Hedge 
Positions) (inter alia by satisfying any obligations or liabilities in place with respect to 
or part of such Hedge Positions (and, if applicable, Optional Hedge Positions and/or 
Instalment Hedge Positions), if any, with the liquidation proceeds of the assets of the 
Hedge Positions (and, if applicable, Optional Hedge Positions and/or Instalment Hedge 
Positions)), the result of which, converted if necessary into the Specified Currency using 
the Relevant Spot Exchange Rate on the Full Liquidation Date or, if later and applicable, 
the Optional Full Liquidation Date or the Instalment Full Liquidation Date. 
(b) 
Definitions specific to the Monetisation until the Maturity Date 
"Associated Costs" means an amount determined by the Calculation Agent in its 
reasonable discretion equal to the sum of (without duplication) all costs (including, 
without limitation, cost of funding), losses, expenses, tax and duties incurred by the 
Issuer or any of its affiliates in connection with the termination, liquidation or re-
establishment of the Intermediate Hedge Positions, the Optional Hedge Positions, 
and/or the Hedge Positions, as the case may be. 
"Full Liquidation Date" means, in respect of the Maturity Date, the date on which the 
liquidation proceeds of the Hedge Positions (including inter alia by satisfying any 
obligations or liabilities in place with respect to or part of such Hedge Positions, if any, 
with the liquidation proceeds of the assets of such Hedge Positions) are deemed, as 
determined by the Calculation Agent, to be fully received by the Issuer or any of its 
affiliates. 
"Hedge Positions" means any purchase, sale, entry into or maintenance, by the Issuer 
or any of its affiliates, of one or more (a) positions or contracts in securities, options, 
futures, derivatives, interest rate transactions or foreign exchange transactions, 
(b) securities lending/borrowing transactions, (c) cash deposits or cash borrowings 
and/or (d) other instruments, arrangements, assets or liabilities howsoever described, in 
order to hedge individually or on a portfolio basis, the part of the Issuer’s obligations 
under the Notes linked to or indexed to the relevant Rate or Basket of Indices, as 
applicable, due on the Maturity Date provided that, if the Instalment Full Liquidation 
Date and/or the Optional Full Liquidation Date has not occurred on or before the fourth 
Business Day preceding the Maturity Date, then Hedge Positions will include the 
Instalment Hedge Positions and/or the Optional Hedge Positions, if applicable. 
"Instalment Full Liquidation Date" means, in respect of any Instalment Payment 
Date, the date on which the liquidation proceeds of the Instalment Hedge Positions 
(including inter alia by satisfying any obligations or liabilities in place with respect to 
or part of such Intermediate Hedge Positions, if any, with the liquidation proceeds of 
the assets of such Instalment Hedge Positions) are deemed, as determined by the 
Calculation Agent, to be fully received by the Issuer or any of its affiliates. 
"Instalment Hedge Positions" means any purchase, sale, entry into or maintenance, by 
the Issuer or any of its affiliates, of one or more (a) positions or contracts in securities, 
options, futures, derivatives, interest rate transactions or foreign exchange transactions, 
(b) securities lending/borrowing transactions, (c) cash deposits or cash borrowings

--- Page 180 ---
180 
and/or (d) other instruments, arrangements, assets or liabilities howsoever described, in 
order to hedge individually or on a portfolio basis, the part of the Issuer’s obligations 
under the Notes linked to or indexed to the relevant Rate or Basket of Indices, as 
applicable, due on an Instalment Date. 
"Optional Full Liquidation Date" means, in respect of an Optional Redemption Date, 
the date on which the liquidation proceeds of the Optional Hedge Positions (including 
inter alia by satisfying any obligations or liabilities in place with respect to or part of 
such Optional Hedge Positions, if any, with the liquidation proceeds of the assets of 
such Optional Hedge Positions) are deemed, as determined by the Calculation Agent, 
to be fully received by the Issuer or any of its affiliates. 
"Optional Hedge Positions" means any purchase, sale, entry into or maintenance, by 
the Issuer or any of its affiliates, of one or more (a) positions or contracts in securities, 
options, futures, derivatives, interest rate transactions or foreign exchange transactions, 
(b) securities lending/borrowing transactions, (c) cash deposits or cash borrowings 
and/or (d) other instruments, arrangements, assets or liabilities howsoever described, in 
order to hedge individually or on a portfolio basis, the part of the Issuer’s obligations 
under the Notes linked to or indexed to the relevant Rate or Basket of Indices, as 
applicable, due on an Optional Redemption Date. 
"Relevant Spot Exchange Rate" means in respect of a date and an amount to be 
converted into the Specified Currency, the rate of exchange of the currency in which 
such amount is denominated into the Specified Currency used to convert such amount 
on such date into the Specified Currency as determined by the Calculation Agent. 
5. 
Definitions 
Adjustment Spread means, in respect of the Notes, the adjustment, if any, which the 
Calculation Agent determines is required in order to reduce or eliminate, to the extent 
reasonably practicable, any transfer of economic value from the Issuer to the Noteholders, or 
vice versa, as a result of the replacement made pursuant to section 3(b). Any such adjustment 
may take account of, without limitation, any anticipated transfer of economic value as a result 
of any difference in the term structure or tenor of the Alternative Pre-nominated Index, 
Alternative Post-nominated Index or Calculation Agent Nominated Replacement Index, as 
applicable, by comparison to the Relevant Rate Benchmark. The Adjustment Spread may be 
positive, negative or zero or determined pursuant to a formula or methodology. If the 
Calculation Agent is required to determine the Adjustment Spread, it shall consider any 
Relevant Market Data. If a spread or methodology for calculating a spread has been formally 
designated, nominated or recommended by any Relevant Nominating Body in relation to the 
replacement of the Relevant Rate Benchmark with the Alternative Post-nominated Index, then 
the Adjustment Spread shall be determined on the basis of such recommendation. 
Administrator/Benchmark Event has the meaning given to it in the Note Conditions. 
Administrator/Benchmark Event Date has the meaning given to it in the Note Conditions. 
Alternative Post-nominated Index means, in respect of a Relevant Rate Benchmark, any 
index, benchmark or other price source which is formally designated, nominated or 
recommended by: 
(a) 
any Relevant Nominating Body; or 
(b) 
the administrator or sponsor of the Relevant Rate Benchmark, provided that such index, 
benchmark or other price source is substantially the same as the Relevant Rate 
Benchmark,

--- Page 181 ---
181 
in each case, to replace the Relevant Rate Benchmark. If a replacement is designated, nominated 
or recommended under both sub-paragraphs (a) and (b) above, then the replacement under sub-
paragraph (a) shall be the Alternative Post-nominated Index. 
Alternative Pre-nominated Index has the meaning given to it in the Note Conditions. 
Benchmark Rate means the reference rate specified in the Final Terms. 
 
Benchmark Rate Level means, in respect of a Benchmark Rate and any Coupon Observation 
Date or other date of determination, the the level of such Benchmark Rate determined for such 
Coupon Observation Date or other date of determination in accordance with this Rate Annex. 
Benchmark Trigger Event has the meaning set out in the Note Conditions. 
Cut-off Date has the meaning given to it in section 3(c) or 3(d), as applicable, above. 
Calculation Agent Nominated Replacement Index means, in respect of a Relevant Rate 
Benchmark, the index, benchmark or other price source that the Calculation Agent determines 
to be a commercially reasonable alternative for the Relevant Rate Benchmark. 
Change in Law means that, on or after the Issue Date, (A) due to the adoption of or any change 
in any applicable law or regulation (including, without limitation, any tax law), or (B) due to 
the promulgation of or any change in the interpretation by any court, tribunal or regulatory 
authority with competent jurisdiction of any applicable law or regulation (including any action 
taken by a taxing authority), the Issuer determines in its sole and absolute discretion that it has 
become illegal to hold, acquire or dispose of relevant hedge positions relating to the Benchmark 
Rate. 
Coupon Observation Date means, with respect to a Benchmark Rate Level, each date specified 
as such in the relevant Final Terms. 
Effective Date means, with respect to any Benchmark Rate Level to be determined in 
accordance with a Screen Rate Determination on a Coupon Observation Date, the date specified 
as such in the relevant Final Terms or, if none is so specified, the first day of the Coupon Period 
to which such Coupon Observation Date relates. 
Hedging Disruption means that the Issuer is unable, after using commercially reasonable 
efforts, to (1) acquire, establish, re-establish, substitute, maintain, unwind or dispose of any 
transaction(s) or asset(s) it deems necessary to hedge the index price risk or any other relevant 
price risk including but not limited to the currency risk of the Issuer in issuing and performing 
its obligations with respect to the Notes, or (2) freely realise, recover, remit, receive, repatriate 
or transfer the proceeds of any such transaction(s) or asset(s). 
Increased Cost of Hedging means that the Issuer would incur a materially increased 
(as compared with circumstances existing on the Issue Date) amount of tax, duty, expense or 
fee (other than brokerage commissions) to (i) acquire, establish, re-establish, substitute, 
maintain, unwind or dispose of any transaction(s) or asset(s) it deems necessary to hedge the 
market risk (including, without limitation, index price risk, foreign exchange risk and interest 
rate risk) of the Issuer in issuing and performing its obligations with respect to the Notes, or (ii) 
realise, recover or remit the proceeds of any such transaction(s) or asset(s), provided that any 
such materially increased amount that is incurred solely due to the deterioration of the 
creditworthiness of the Issuer shall not be deemed an Increased Cost of Hedging. 
Impacted Index means, in respect of the Notes and a Relevant Rate Benchmark, the index, 
benchmark or other price source (howsoever described) specified as an "Impacted Index" in the 
applicable Final Terms. 
Index Cessation Event has the meaning set out in the Note Conditions.

--- Page 182 ---
182 
Page means such page, section, caption, column or other part of a particular information service 
(including, but not limited to, Reuters) as may be specified for the purpose of providing a 
Relevant Rate, or such other page, section, caption, column or other part as may replace it on 
that information service or on such other information service, in each case as may be nominated 
by the person or organisation providing or sponsoring the information appearing there for the 
purpose of displaying rates or prices comparable to that Relevant Rate. 
Priority Fallback has the meaning given to it in section 3(b). 
Reference Banks means the institutions specified as such in the relevant Final Terms or, if 
none, four major banks selected by the Calculation Agent in the interbank market (or, if 
appropriate, money, swap or over-the-counter index options market) that is most closely 
connected with the Benchmark (which, if EURIBOR is the relevant Benchmark Rate, shall be 
the Euro-zone). 
Relevant Financial Centre means, with respect to any Benchmark Rate Level to be determined 
in accordance with a Screen Rate Determination on a Coupon Observation Date, the financial 
centre as may be specified as such in the relevant Final Terms or, if none is so specified, the 
financial centre with which the relevant Benchmark Rate is most closely connected (which, in 
the case of EURIBOR, shall be the Euro- zone) or, if none is so connected, Paris. 
Relevant Market Data has the meaning set out in the Note Conditions. 
Relevant Nominating Body means, in respect of a Relevant Rate Benchmark: 
(a) 
the central bank for the currency in which the Relevant Rate Benchmark is denominated 
or any central bank or other supervisor which is responsible for supervising either the 
Relevant Rate Benchmark or the administrator of the Relevant Rate Benchmark; or 
(b) 
any working group or committee officially endorsed or convened by, (i) the central 
bank for the currency in which the Relevant Rate Benchmark is denominated, (ii) any 
central bank or other supervisor which is responsible for supervising either the Relevant 
Rate Benchmark or the administrator of the Relevant Rate Benchmark, (iii) a group of 
those central banks or other supervisors or (iv) the Financial Stability Board or any part 
thereof. 
Relevant Rate means the Benchmark Rate for a Representative Amount of the Specified 
Currency for a period (if applicable or appropriate to the Benchmark Rate) equal to the Specified 
Duration commencing on the Effective Date. 
Relevant Rate Benchmark means, in respect of the Notes: 
(a) 
the Floating Rate Option (or, if applicable, the index, benchmark or other price source 
that is referred to in the Floating Rate Option); 
(b) 
the Page (or, if applicable, the index, benchmark or other price source that is referred 
to in the Page); 
(c) 
the Impacted Index (or, if applicable, the index, benchmark or other price source that is 
referred to in the Impacted Index); or 
(d) 
any other index, benchmark or price source specified as a "Relevant Rate Benchmark" 
in the applicable Final Terms. 
To the extent that any index, benchmark or price source referred to in the Priority Fallback, the 
Alternative Pre-nominated Index, the Alternative Post-nominated Index or the Calculation 
Agent Nominated Replacement Index is used pursuant to section 3(a) or (b) above, such index, 
benchmark or price source referred to in the Priority Fallback, Alternative Pre-nominated Index, 
Alternative Post-nominated Index or Calculation Agent Nominated Replacement Index, as 
applicable, shall be a Relevant Rate Benchmark from the day on which it first applies.

--- Page 183 ---
183 
Relevant Time means, with respect to any Coupon Observation Date, the local time in the 
Relevant Financial Centre specified in the relevant Final Terms or, if no time is specified, the 
local time in the Relevant Financial Centre at which it is customary to determine bid and offered 
rates in respect of deposits in the Specified Currency in the interbank market in the Relevant 
Financial Centre and for this purpose "local time" means, with respect to Europe and the Euro-
zone as a Relevant Financial Centre, 11.00 a.m. Brussels time. 
Representative Amount means, with respect to any Benchmark Rate Level to be determined 
in accordance with a Screen Rate Determination on a Coupon Observation Date, the amount 
specified as such in the relevant Final Terms or, if none is specified, an amount that is 
representative for a single transaction in the relevant market at the time. 
Specified Duration means, with respect to any Benchmark Rate Level to be determined in 
accordance with a Screen Rate Determination on an Coupon Observation Date, the duration 
specified in the relevant Final Terms or, if none is specified, a period of time equal to the relative 
Coupon Period, ignoring any adjustment pursuant to Condition 5(b)(i).

--- Page 184 ---
184 
INDEX ANNEX 
ADDITIONAL TERMS AND CONDITIONS FOR INDEX LINKED NOTES 
The terms and conditions applicable to Index Linked Notes shall comprise the Terms and Conditions of 
the Notes (the Note Conditions), the additional Terms and Conditions set out below in this Index Annex 
(the Index Linked Conditions) and the additional Terms and Conditions set out in the Payoff Annex 
(the Payoff Conditions and, together with the Note Conditions and the Index Linked Conditions, the 
Conditions) and, in each case subject to completion in the applicable Final Terms. In the event of any 
inconsistency between the Note Conditions and the Index Linked Conditions, the Index Linked 
Conditions shall prevail. In the event of any inconsistency between (i) the Note Conditions and the Index 
Linked Conditions and (ii) the Final Terms, the Final Terms shall prevail. References in the Index 
Linked Conditions to Notes shall be deemed to be references to Index Linked Notes. Defined terms 
used in this Index Annex or the related section of the Final Terms where the same term may be used in 
another Annex (e.g. Observation Date) shall have the meanings given in this Index Annex or in the 
section of the Final Terms relating to Index Linked Notes notwithstanding the same terms being used in 
another Annex or section of the Final Terms. 
The issue of the Notes (in this paragraph, the Transaction) is not sponsored, endorsed, sold, or 
promoted by the Index or the Index Sponsor and no Index Sponsor makes any representation 
whatsoever, whether express or implied, either as to the results to be obtained from the use of the Index 
and/or the levels at which the Index stands at any particular time on any particular date or otherwise. 
No Index or Index Sponsor shall be liable (whether in negligence or otherwise) to any person for any 
error in the Index. No Index Sponsor is making any representation whatsoever, whether express or 
implied, as to the advisability of purchasing or assuming any risk in connection with entering into any 
Transaction. The Issuer shall not have any liability for any act or failure to act by the Index Sponsor in 
connection with the calculation, adjustment or maintenance of the Index. Except as disclosed prior to 
the Issue Date, neither the Issuer nor its affiliates has any affiliation with or control over the Index or 
Index Sponsor or any control over the computation, composition or dissemination of the Index. Although 
the Calculation Agent will obtain information concerning the Index from publicly available sources it 
believes reliable, it will not independently verify this information. Accordingly, no representation, 
warranty or undertaking (express or implied) is made and no responsibility is accepted by the Issuer, 
its affiliates or the Calculation Agent as to the accuracy, completeness and timeliness of information 
concerning the Index. 
1. 
Index Linked Notes 
(a) 
Unless the Notes are redeemed early in accordance with their terms and conditions, if 
the determination of the Interest Amount, the Early Redemption Amount, the Final 
Redemption Amount or the Instalment Amount, as the case may be, is postponed as a 
result of the occurrence of a Disrupted Day, then payment of any such amount 
(the Affected Amount) shall be postponed to the date which is two Payment Days 
following the latest to occur of (x) the Index Determination Date; (y) the Disruption 
Longstop Date and (z) the scheduled date for payment of such Affected Amount, and 
such Affected Amount shall be paid without any interest or other sum payable in respect 
of the postponement of the payment of the Affected Amount. 
(b) 
If, in respect of the Notes, it (i) is or would be unlawful at any time under any applicable 
law or regulation or (ii) would contravene any applicable licensing requirements, in 
each case, to determine the Index in accordance with any applicable fallback (or it 
would be unlawful or would contravene those licensing requirements were a 
determination to be made at such time), then the Index shall be determined in 
accordance with the first applicable fallback that complies with the applicable law, 
regulation or licensing requirements. 
2. 
Adjustment to Indices 
(a) 
Without prejudice to the provisions of sections 2(b) to 2(d) below and subject to the 
provisions of section 1(b) above, if, in respect of the Notes, the parties have specified 
an Alternative Pre-nominated Index in the applicable Final Terms, upon the occurrence

--- Page 185 ---
185 
of 
an 
Index 
Cancellation (as 
defined in section 2(c) 
below) 
or 
an 
Administrator/Benchmark Event Date, the Issuer may require the Calculation Agent to 
adjust the terms of the Notes so that references to the Index are replaced by references 
to the Alternative Pre-nominated Index. 
(b) 
In the event that any price or level published on the Exchange or by the Index Sponsor 
and which is utilised for any calculation or determination made in respect of the Index 
is subsequently corrected and the correction is published by the Exchange or the Index 
Sponsor within one Settlement Cycle after the original publication, the Calculation 
Agent will, to the extent necessary, adjust the terms of the Notes to account for such 
correction. 
(c) 
If, the Index is (i) not calculated and announced by the Index Sponsor but is calculated 
and announced by a successor sponsor acceptable to the Calculation Agent, or (ii) 
replaced by a successor index using, in the determination of the Calculation Agent, the 
same or a substantially similar formula for and method of calculation as used in the 
calculation of that Index, then in each case that index (the Successor Index) will be 
deemed to be the Index. 
(d) 
If (i) on or prior to any Pricing Date or Initial Averaging Date (as applicable), an Index 
Sponsor announces that it will make a material change in the formula for or the method 
of calculating that Index or in any other way materially modifies the Index (other than 
a modification prescribed in that formula or method to maintain that Index in the event 
of changes in constituent stock and capitalisation and other routine events) (an Index 
Modification) or permanently cancels the Index and no Successor Index exists (an 
Index Cancellation), (ii) on any Pricing Date or Initial Averaging Date (as applicable), 
the Index Sponsor fails to calculate and announce a relevant Index (an Index 
Disruption and together with an Index Modification and an Index Cancellation, each 
an Index Adjustment Event) or (iii) an Administrator/Benchmark Event occurs, then 
the Issuer may give notice to the Noteholders that it elects to apply Monetisation until 
the Maturity Date in accordance with the provisions of section 7 below or otherwise: 
(1) 
if "Calculation Agent Adjustment" is specified in the Final Terms as the 
consequence of any such Index Adjustment Event or Administrator/Benchmark 
Event, then the Calculation Agent shall determine if such Index Adjustment 
Event has a material effect on the Notes and, if so, shall calculate the relevant 
Settlement Price, Final Price as the case may be, using, in lieu of a published 
level for the Index, the level for the Index as at that Pricing Date or Initial 
Averaging Date (as applicable), as determined by the Calculation Agent in 
accordance with the formula for and method of calculating that Index last in 
effect prior to the change, failure or cancellation, but using only those securities 
that comprised that Index immediately prior to that Index Adjustment Event; 
or 
(2) 
if "Negotiated Close-out" is specified in the Final Terms as the consequence of 
any such Index Adjustment Event or Administrator/Benchmark Event, then the 
Settlement Price will continue to be determined on the terms and subject to the 
conditions, formulas and calculation methods in effect as of any relevant time 
at which calculations may be made; or 
(3) 
if "Cancellation and Payment" is specified in the Final Terms as the 
consequence of any such Index Adjustment Event or Administrator/Benchmark 
Event, then: 
(A) 
in the case of an Index Disruption, the Notes will be redeemed on the 
Pricing Date or Initial Averaging Date (as applicable); 
(B) 
in the case of an Index Cancellation, the Notes will be redeemed on the 
later of the Exchange Business Day immediately prior to the

--- Page 186 ---
186 
effectiveness of the Index Cancellation and the date the Index 
Cancellation is announced by the Index Sponsor;  
(C) 
in the case of an Index Modification, the Issuer may elect, upon two 
Scheduled Trading Days’ notice or such lesser notice as may be 
required so that redemption occurs not later than the effective date of 
the Index Modification, to redeem the Notes at any time following the 
announcement of the Index Modification but no later than the 
Scheduled Trading Day prior to the effectiveness of such Index 
Modification; or 
(D) 
in the case of an Administrator/Benchmark Event, the Notes will be 
redeemed on the Administrator/Benchmark Event Date. 
In each case, the redemption amount of each Note will be equal to its Early 
Redemption Amount, subject always to the terms of the Payoff Annex. 
Upon the Calculation Agent making a determination pursuant to this section 2 which results in 
any adjustments of the terms of the Notes, the Issuer shall give notice as soon as practicable to 
Noteholders giving details of such determination. 
3. 
Consequences of Disrupted Days 
(a) 
If any Pricing Date is a Disrupted Day, then the Issuer may give notice to the 
Noteholders that it elects to apply Monetisation until the Maturity Date in accordance 
with the provisions of section 7 below or otherwise: 
(i) 
in the case of Index Linked Notes relating to a single Index, the Pricing Date, 
shall be the first succeeding Scheduled Trading Day that is not a Disrupted Day 
(the Index Determination Date), unless each of the eight Scheduled Trading 
Days immediately following the Pricing Date, is a Disrupted Day, in which 
case: 
(1) 
that eighth Scheduled Trading Day (the Disruption Longstop Date) 
shall be deemed to be the Pricing Date, notwithstanding the fact that 
such day is a Disrupted Day; and 
(2) 
the Calculation Agent shall determine the level of the Index as of the 
Valuation Time on the Disruption Longstop Date in accordance with 
the formula for and method of calculating the Index last in effect prior 
to the occurrence of the first Disrupted Day using the Exchange traded 
or quoted price as of the Valuation Time on that eighth Scheduled 
Trading Day of each Component comprised in the Index (or, if an event 
giving rise to a Disrupted Day has occurred in respect of the relevant 
Component on that eighth Scheduled Trading Day, its good faith 
estimate of the value for the relevant security as of the Valuation Time 
on that eighth Scheduled Trading Day); or 
(ii) 
in the case of Index Linked Notes relating to a Basket of Indices: 
(1) 
the Pricing Date, for each Index not affected by the occurrence of a 
Disrupted Day shall be the original date that, but for the occurrence of 
an event causing a Disrupted Day, would have been a Pricing Date; and 
(2) 
the Pricing Date for each relevant Index affected (each an Affected 
Index) by the occurrence of a Disrupted Day shall be the first 
succeeding Scheduled Trading Day that is not a Disrupted Day in 
respect of such Affected Index, unless each of the eight Scheduled 
Trading Days immediately following the Pricing Date, is a Disrupted 
Day in respect of such Affected Index, in which case:

--- Page 187 ---
187 
(A) 
the Disruption Longstop Date shall be deemed to be the Pricing 
Date, notwithstanding the fact that such day is a Disrupted 
Day; and 
(B) 
the Calculation Agent shall determine the level of the Affected 
Index as of the Valuation Time on the Disruption Longstop 
Date in accordance with the formula for and method of 
calculating the Index last in effect prior to the occurrence of 
the first Disrupted Day using the Exchange traded or quoted 
price as of the Valuation Time on that eighth Scheduled 
Trading Day of each Component comprised in the Index (or, if 
an event giving rise to a Disrupted Day has occurred and is 
continuing in respect of the relevant Component on that eighth 
Scheduled Trading Day, its good faith estimate of the value for 
the relevant security as of the Valuation Time on that eighth 
Scheduled Trading Day); or 
(iii) 
if the Calculation Agent is not able to or does not determine the level of the 
Index in accordance with section 3(a)(i) or 3(a)(ii) above, as the case may be, 
or if such determination would not, in the opinion of the Calculation Agent, 
account for the relevant disruption event: 
(1) 
the Calculation Agent may determine the level of the Index or Indices 
for the original Pricing Date, taking into consideration the latest 
available quotation for the relevant level of the Index or Indices and 
any other information that in good faith it deems relevant; or 
(2) 
the Calculation Agent may make such adjustments to any of the 
Conditions of the Notes as it considers appropriate to account for any 
such disruption event and determine the date(s) on which any such 
adjustments will be effective; in making any such adjustments, the 
Calculation Agent may take into account the equivalent adjustment(s) 
which would be made to an index derivative transaction in the 
interbank market following the relevant event occurring and where the 
Calculation Agent deems appropriate (in its sole and absolute 
discretion), adjust the Conditions to give effect to such adjustment(s); 
or 
(3) 
if the Calculation Agent is not able to or does not determine any 
adjustments for the purposes of section 3(a)(i) or section 3(a)(ii) above, 
the Issuer may, in its sole and absolute discretion, upon giving notice 
to the Noteholders, elects to apply Monetisation until the Maturity Date 
in accordance with the provisions of section 7 below or to redeem all 
but not some only of the Notes, each Note being redeemed at their Early 
Redemption Amount, subject always to the terms of the Payoff Annex 
applicable to the Notes. 
(b) 
If any Initial Averaging Date is a Disrupted Day, then the Issuer may give notice to the 
Noteholders that it elects to apply Monetisation until the Maturity Date in accordance 
with the provisions of section 7 below or otherwise: 
(i) 
where the consequence specified for "Averaging Date Disruption" in the 
applicable Final Terms is "Omission", then such Initial Averaging Date will be 
deemed not to be a relevant Initial Averaging Date for purposes of determining 
the relevant level of the Index, and if through the operation of this provision no 
Initial Averaging Date would occur, section 3(a) above will apply for purposes 
of determining the relevant price or amount on the last Initial Averaging Date 
in as if such last Initial Averaging Date were an Observation Date that was a 
Disrupted Day;

--- Page 188 ---
188 
(ii) 
where the consequence specified for "Averaging Date Disruption" in the 
applicable Final Terms is "Postponement", then section 3(a) above will apply 
for purposes of determining the relevant price or amount on that Initial 
Averaging Date as if such Initial Averaging Date were an Observation Date that 
was a Disrupted Day, irrespective of whether, pursuant to such determination, 
that deferred Initial Averaging Date would fall on a date that already is or is 
deemed to be an Initial Averaging Date for the relevant Index; or 
(iii) 
where the consequence specified for "Averaging Date Disruption" in the 
applicable Final Terms is "Modified Postponement", then: 
(A) 
in the case of a Basket of Indices, the Initial Averaging Date for 
each Index not affected by the occurrence of a Disrupted Day 
shall be the date specified in the applicable Final Terms as an 
Initial Averaging Date and the Initial Averaging Date for any 
Index affected by the occurrence of a Disrupted Day shall be 
the first succeeding Scheduled Trading Day in relation to such 
Index that is not a Disrupted Day in relation to such Index and 
on which another Averaging Date in respect of the relevant 
Observation Date does not or is not deemed to occur, unless 
each of the eight Scheduled Trading Days immediately 
following such Initial Averaging Date for the affected Index is 
a Disrupted Day in which case (1) the eighth Scheduled Trading 
Day shall be deemed the Initial Averaging Date (irrespective of 
whether such day is already an Initial Averaging Date), and (2) 
the Calculation Agent shall determine the relevant price or 
amount for that Initial Averaging Date in accordance with 
section 3(a) above; and 
(B) 
otherwise, the Initial Averaging Date shall be the first succeeding 
Scheduled Trading Day that is not a Disrupted Day and on which 
another Averaging Date in respect of the relevant Observation Date 
does not or is not deemed to occur, unless each of the eight Scheduled 
Trading Days immediately following such Initial Averaging Date for 
the affected Index is a Disrupted Day in which case (1) the eighth 
Scheduled Trading Day shall be deemed the Initial Averaging Date 
(irrespective of whether such day is already an Averaging Date) and (2) 
the Calculation Agent shall determine the relevant price or amount for 
that Initial Averaging Date in accordance with section 3(a) above. 
(c) 
The Calculation Agent shall give notice as soon as practicable to the Noteholders of the 
occurrence of the relevant disruption event on any day that, but for the occurrence of a 
Disrupted Day, would have been a Pricing Date or an Initial Averaging Date, as 
applicable. Such notice shall give the details of such disruption event and the action 
proposed to be taken by the Calculation Agent in relation thereto. 
4. 
Consequences of an Additional Disruption Event 
(a) 
If "Change in Law", "Hedging Disruption", "Loss of Stock Borrow", Increased Cost of 
Stock Borrow" and/or "Increased Cost of Hedging" (each, an Additional Disruption 
Event) is specified in the Final Terms to be applicable, then upon the occurrence of any 
such an event the Issuer may: 
(i) 
give notice to the Noteholders that it elects to apply Monetisation until the 
Maturity Date in accordance with the provisions of section 7 below; or 
(ii) 
require the Calculation Agent to make such adjustments to any of the 
Conditions as it considers appropriate in its sole and absolute discretion to

--- Page 189 ---
189 
account for such Additional Disruption Event and determine the date(s) on 
which any such adjustments will be effective; or 
(iii) 
give notice to the Noteholders that it elects to redeem the Notes at their Early 
Redemption Amount, subject always to the terms of the Payoff Annex. 
(b) 
If both "Hedging Disruption" and "Loss of Stock Borrow" are specified to be applicable 
in the Final Terms and an event or circumstance that would otherwise constitute or give 
rise to a Hedging Disruption also constitutes a Loss of Stock Borrow, it will be treated 
as a Loss of Stock Borrow and will not constitute a Hedging Disruption. 
(c) 
Upon the occurrence of an Additional Disruption Event, the Issuer shall give notice as 
soon as practicable to the Noteholders stating the occurrence of the Additional 
Disruption Event, giving details thereof and the action proposed to be taken in relation 
thereto. 
5. 
Events having a material effect on the Notes 
Notwithstanding, and without prejudice to, the foregoing provisions of this Index Annex, if any 
event (whether or not such event is expressly described or otherwise referred to herein) occurs 
which the Calculation Agent determines, acting in good faith, has a material effect on the Notes, 
then: 
(a) 
the Issuer may give notice to the Noteholders that it elects to apply Monetisation until 
the Maturity Date in accordance with the provisions of section 7 below; or 
(b) 
the Calculation Agent may make such adjustments to any of the Conditions as it 
considers appropriate to account for any such event and determine the date(s) on which 
any such adjustments will be effective; or 
(c) 
the Issuer may, upon giving notice to the Noteholders, redeem all but not some only of 
the Notes, each Note being redeemed at their Early Redemption Amount, subject 
always to the terms of the Payoff Annex. 
Upon the Calculation Agent making a determination pursuant to this section 5 which results in 
any adjustments of the terms of the Notes, the Issuer shall give notice as soon as practicable to 
Noteholders giving details of such determination. 
6. 
Futures Price Valuation 
If "Futures Price Valuation" is specified as applicable in respect of the Index in the Final Terms, 
then notwithstanding any other provisions of this Index Annex the following provisions will 
apply to the valuation of the Index on a Pricing Date or Initial Averaging Date (as applicable): 
(a) 
For the purpose of this section 6 only, Pricing Date or Initial Averaging Date (as 
applicable), shall mean a day on which the Official Settlement Price is published and, 
in all cases except for section 6(e) below, irrespective of whether such day is a 
Disrupted Day. 
(b) 
Additional Definitions Relating to Futures Price Valuation 
Exchange-traded Contract means a contract specified as such for that Index in the 
Final Terms. For this purpose, the Final Terms will shall specify the futures or options 
contract by reference to (i) the Index to which it relates, (ii) the delivery month of such 
contract and (iii) the exchange on which it is traded. 
Official Settlement Price means the official settlement price (however described under 
the rules of the relevant Exchange or its clearing house) of any of the relevant Exchange-
traded Contracts published by the Exchange or its clearing house.

--- Page 190 ---
190 
(c) 
For purposes of determining the Settlement Price or the Final Price, as the case may be, 
on a Pricing Date or Initial Averaging Date (as applicable), the Settlement Price or the 
Final Price will be the Official Settlement Price on that Pricing Date or Initial Averaging 
Date (as applicable). 
(d) 
Without duplication of section 4(a) (which shall govern in the event of any conflict), in 
the event that the terms of the Exchange-traded Contract are changed or modified by 
the Exchange, then: 
(i) 
the Issuer may give notice to the Noteholders that it elects to apply 
Monetisation until the Maturity Date in accordance with the provisions of 
section 7 below; or 
(ii) 
the Calculation Agent shall, if necessary, adjust the Initial Price and/or any 
other variable relevant to the settlement terms of the Notes to preserve for the 
Issuer and the Noteholders the economic equivalent of any payment or 
payments (assuming satisfaction of each applicable condition precedent) by the 
parties in respect of the Notes that would have been required after the date of 
such change. 
(e) 
If there is no Official Settlement Price as a result of the fact that trading in the Exchange-
traded Contract never commences or is permanently discontinued at any time on or 
prior to a Pricing Date or Initial Averaging Date (as applicable), then: 
(i) 
the Issuer may give notice to the Noteholders that it elects to apply 
Monetisation until the Maturity Date in accordance with the provisions of 
section 7 below; or 
(ii) 
the Official Settlement Price for that Pricing Date or Initial Averaging Date (as 
applicable), shall be deemed to be the level of the official closing level of the 
Index as calculated and published by the Index Sponsor on the Pricing Date or 
Initial Averaging Date (as applicable); if this Section 6(e)(ii) applies, then the 
relevant Pricing Date or Initial Averaging Date (as applicable), shall mean the 
date that, but for the non-commencement or permanent discontinuance of the 
Exchange-traded Contract, would have been the date of publishing the relevant 
Official Settlement Price unless such day is a Disrupted Day, in which case the 
provisions of section 2 will apply. 
(f) 
If the Official Settlement Price for any Pricing Date or Initial Averaging Date (as 
applicable), is corrected and the correction is published by the relevant exchange within 
one Settlement Cycle for the related Exchange-traded Contract after the original 
publication, the Calculation Agent will, to the extent necessary, adjust the terms of the 
Notes to account for such correction. 
Upon the Calculation Agent making a determination pursuant to this section 6 which results in any 
adjustments of the terms of the Notes, the Issuer shall give notice as soon as practicable to Noteholders 
giving details of such determination. 
7. 
Monetisation until the Maturity Date 
(a) 
Following notice by the Issuer to the Noteholder that it elects to apply Monetisation 
until the Maturity Date, the Issuer shall no longer be liable for the payment of (1) the 
Instalment Amount(s) initially scheduled to be paid on each Instalment Date and/or (2) 
the Optional Redemption Amount on the Optional Redemption Date and/or (3) the Final 
Redemption Amount on the Maturity Date, but instead will, in full and final satisfaction 
of its obligations under the Notes, pay on the Maturity Date an amount per Note, 
determined by the Calculation Agent as the result of: 
(i) 
100% of the Specified Denomination of the Note; 
plus

--- Page 191 ---
191 
(ii) 
the Monetisation Payment Amount (which may be a positive amount or a 
negative amount) corresponding to the Monetisation Calculation Amount (1) 
capitalised at the applicable zero-coupon rate (which may be positive or 
negative) from and including the Full Liquidation Date (or, if later and 
applicable, the Optional Full Liquidation Date or the Instalment Full 
Liquidation Date) to but excluding the Maturity Date and (2) apportioned pro 
rata amongst the Specified Denomination of each Note. 
less 
(iii) 
the Associated Costs apportioned pro rata amongst the Specified Denomination 
of each Note (without double counting of any cost taken into account in the 
Monetisation Calculation Amount), 
subject to a minimum of zero. 
The Monetisation Calculation Amount is equal to the net cash amount that the Issuer 
or any of its affiliates would be left with (in which case the Monetisation Calculation 
Amount will be expressed as a positive amount) or would have to pay (in which case 
the Monetisation Calculation Amount will be expressed as a negative amount) on the 
Instalment Full Liquidation Date (and, if applicable, the Optional Full Liquidation Date 
and/or the Instalment Full Liquidation Date), as a result of liquidating the Hedge 
Positions (and, if applicable, Optional Hedge Positions and/or the Instalment Hedge 
Positions) (inter alia by satisfying any obligations or liabilities in place with respect to 
or part of such Hedge Positions (and, if applicable, Optional Hedge Positions and/or 
Instalment Hedge Positions), if any, with the liquidation proceeds of the assets of the 
Hedge Positions (and, if applicable, Optional Hedge Positions and/or Instalment Hedge 
Positions)), the result of which, converted if necessary into the Specified Currency using 
the Relevant Spot Exchange Rate on the Full Liquidation Date or, if later and applicable, 
the Optional Full Liquidation Date or the Instalment Full Liquidation Date. 
(b) 
Definitions specific to the Monetisation until the Maturity Date 
"Associated Costs" means an amount determined by the Calculation Agent in its 
reasonable discretion equal to the sum of (without duplication) all costs (including, 
without limitation, cost of funding), losses, expenses, tax and duties incurred by the 
Issuer or any of its affiliates in connection with the termination, liquidation or re-
establishment of the Intermediate Hedge Positions, the Optional Hedge Positions, 
and/or the Hedge Positions, as the case may be. 
"Full Liquidation Date" means, in respect of the Maturity Date, the date on which the 
liquidation proceeds of the Hedge Positions (including inter alia by satisfying any 
obligations or liabilities in place with respect to or part of such Hedge Positions, if any, 
with the liquidation proceeds of the assets of such Hedge Positions) are deemed, as 
determined by the Calculation Agent, to be fully received by the Issuer or any of its 
affiliates. 
"Hedge Positions" means any purchase, sale, entry into or maintenance, by the Issuer 
or any of its affiliates, of one or more (a) positions or contracts in securities, options, 
futures, derivatives, interest rate transactions or foreign exchange transactions, 
(b) securities lending/borrowing transactions, (c) cash deposits or cash borrowings 
and/or (d) other instruments, arrangements, assets or liabilities howsoever described, in 
order to hedge individually or on a portfolio basis, the part of the Issuer’s obligations 
under the Notes linked to or indexed to the relevant Index or Basket of Indices, as 
applicable, due on the Maturity Date provided that, if the Instalment Full Liquidation 
Date and/or the Optional Full Liquidation Date has not occurred on or before the fourth 
Business Day preceding the Maturity Date, then Hedge Positions will include the 
Instalment Hedge Positions and/or the Optional Hedge Positions, if applicable.

--- Page 192 ---
192 
"Instalment Full Liquidation Date" means, in respect of any Instalment Payment 
Date, the date on which the liquidation proceeds of the Instalment Hedge Positions 
(including inter alia by satisfying any obligations or liabilities in place with respect to 
or part of such Intermediate Hedge Positions, if any, with the liquidation proceeds of 
the assets of such Instalment Hedge Positions) are deemed, as determined by the 
Calculation Agent, to be fully received by the Issuer or any of its affiliates. 
"Instalment Hedge Positions" means any purchase, sale, entry into or maintenance, by 
the Issuer or any of its affiliates, of one or more (a) positions or contracts in securities, 
options, futures, derivatives, interest rate transactions or foreign exchange transactions, 
(b) securities lending/borrowing transactions, (c) cash deposits or cash borrowings 
and/or (d) other instruments, arrangements, assets or liabilities howsoever described, in 
order to hedge individually or on a portfolio basis, the part of the Issuer’s obligations 
under the Notes linked to or indexed to the relevant Index or Basket of Indices, as 
applicable, due on an Instalment Date. 
"Optional Full Liquidation Date" means, in respect of an Optional Redemption Date, 
the date on which the liquidation proceeds of the Optional Hedge Positions (including 
inter alia by satisfying any obligations or liabilities in place with respect to or part of 
such Optional Hedge Positions, if any, with the liquidation proceeds of the assets of 
such Optional Hedge Positions) are deemed, as determined by the Calculation Agent, 
to be fully received by the Issuer or any of its affiliates. 
"Optional Hedge Positions" means any purchase, sale, entry into or maintenance, by 
the Issuer or any of its affiliates, of one or more (a) positions or contracts in securities, 
options, futures, derivatives, interest rate transactions or foreign exchange transactions, 
(b) securities lending/borrowing transactions, (c) cash deposits or cash borrowings 
and/or (d) other instruments, arrangements, assets or liabilities howsoever described, in 
order to hedge individually or on a portfolio basis, the part of the Issuer’s obligations 
under the Notes linked to or indexed to the relevant Index or Basket of Indices, as 
applicable, due on an Optional Redemption Date. 
"Relevant Spot Exchange Rate" means in respect of a date and an amount to be 
converted into the Specified Currency, the rate of exchange of the currency in which 
such amount is denominated into the Specified Currency used to convert such amount 
on such date into the Specified Currency as determined by the Calculation Agent. 
8. 
Definitions 
Administrator/Benchmark Event has the meaning given to it in the Note Conditions. 
Administrator/Benchmark Event Date has the meaning given to it in the Note Conditions. 
Alternative Pre-nominated Index has the meaning given to it in the Note Conditions. 
Autocall Observation Date means each date specified as such or otherwise determined in 
accordance with the Final Terms (or, if such date is not a Scheduled Trading Day, the next 
following Scheduled Trading Day), in each case, subject to the provisions of section 2 and 
section 3 above. 
Basket means a basket containing the Indices specified in the applicable Final Terms. 
Change in Law means that, on or after the Issue Date, (A) due to the adoption of or any change 
in any applicable law or regulation (including, without limitation, any tax law), or (B) due to 
the promulgation of or any change in the interpretation by any court, tribunal or regulatory 
authority with competent jurisdiction of any applicable law or regulation (including any action 
taken by a taxing authority), the Issuer determines in its sole and absolute discretion that it has 
become illegal to hold, acquire or dispose of relevant hedge positions relating to the Index or 
Basket of Indices, as applicable.

--- Page 193 ---
193 
Clearance System means the clearance system specified as such in the Final Terms or any 
successor to such clearance system as determined by the Calculation Agent. 
Clearance System Business Day means, in respect of a Clearance System, any day on which 
such Clearance System is (or, but for the occurrence of a Settlement Disruption Event, would 
have been) open for the acceptance and execution of settlement instructions. 
Component means each component of the Index. 
Coupon Observation Date means each date specified as such or otherwise determined in 
accordance with the Final Terms (or, if such date is not a Scheduled Trading Day, the next 
following Scheduled Trading Day), in each case, subject to the provisions of section 2 and 
section 3 above. 
Disrupted Day means, in respect of an Index (or, in the case of a Basket of Indices, in respect 
of any Index comprising the Basket and observed separately), any Scheduled Trading Day on 
which: (a) the Index Sponsor fails to publish the level of the Index; (b) the Related Exchange 
fails to open for trading during its regular trading session; or (c) a Market Disruption Event has 
occurred. 
Early Closure means the closure on any Exchange Business Day of the Exchange in respect of 
any Component or the Related Exchange prior to its Scheduled Closing Time unless such earlier 
closing is announced by such Exchange or Related Exchange (as the case may be) at least one 
hour prior to the earlier of: (a) the actual closing time for the regular trading session on such 
Exchange or Related Exchange (as the case may be) on such Exchange Business Day; and (b) 
the submission deadline for orders to be entered into the Exchange or Related Exchange system 
for execution at the relevant Valuation Time on such Exchange Business Day. 
Exchange means each exchange or quotation system specified as such for the Index in the Final 
Terms, any successor to such exchange or quotation system or any substitute exchange or 
quotation system to which trading in the Components underlying such Index has temporarily 
relocated (provided that the Calculation Agent has determined that there is comparable liquidity 
relative to the Components underlying such Index on such temporary substitute exchange or 
quotation system as on the original Exchange). 
Exchange Business Day means either (i) in the case of a single Index, Exchange Business Day 
(Single Index Basis) or (ii) in the case of a Basket of Indices, (a) the Exchange Business Day 
(All Indices Basis) or (b) the Exchange Business Day (Per Index Basis) as specified in the 
applicable Final Terms. If no Exchange Business Day is specified as applying in the applicable 
Final Terms, Exchange Business Day (All Indices Basis) shall be deemed to apply for a Basket 
of Indices and Scheduled Trading Day (Single Index Basis) shall apply otherwise. 
Exchange Business Day (All Indices Basis) means in respect of all Indices comprised in a 
Basket: 
(a) 
if Multiple Exchange is specified as being not applicable in the relevant Final Terms 
for an Index, each Scheduled Trading Day on which each Exchange and each Related 
Exchange are open for trading during their respective regular trading sessions in respect 
of such Indices, notwithstanding any such Exchange or Related Exchange closing prior 
to its Scheduled Closing Time; or 
(b) 
if Multiple Exchange is specified as being applicable in the relevant Final Terms for an 
Index, each Scheduled Trading Day on which: 
(i) 
each Exchange and each Related Exchange are open for trading during their 
respective regular trading sessions in respect of each Index to which Multiple 
Exchange is specified as being not applicable in the relevant Final Terms, 
notwithstanding any such Exchange or Related Exchange closing prior to its 
Scheduled Closing Time; and

--- Page 194 ---
194 
(ii) 
in respect of each Index to which Multiple Exchange is specified as being 
applicable in the relevant Final Terms (1) the Index Sponsor publishes the level 
of such Index; and (2) each Related Exchange is open for trading during its 
regular trading session in respect of such Index, notwithstanding any such 
Related Exchange closing prior to its Scheduled Closing Time. 
Exchange Business Day (Per Index Basis) means in respect of any Index comprised in a 
Basket: 
(a) 
if Multiple Exchange is specified as being not applicable in the relevant Final Terms 
for such Index, any Scheduled Trading Day on which the relevant Exchange and 
Related Exchange in respect of such Index are open for trading during their respective 
regular trading sessions, notwithstanding such Exchange or Related Exchange closing 
prior to their Scheduled Closing Time; or 
(b) 
if Multiple Exchange is specified as being applicable in the relevant Final Terms for 
such Index, any Scheduled Trading Day on which: (i) the Index Sponsor publishes the 
level of such Index; and (ii) the Related Exchange is open for trading during its regular 
trading session, notwithstanding such Related Exchange closing prior to its Scheduled 
Closing Time. 
Exchange Business Day (Single Index Basis) means in respect of an Index: 
(a) 
if Multiple Exchange is specified as being not applicable in the relevant Final Terms, 
any Scheduled Trading Day on which the relevant Exchange and the relevant Related 
Exchange are open for trading during their respective regular trading sessions, 
notwithstanding any such relevant Exchange or relevant Related Exchange closing 
prior to its Scheduled Closing Time; or 
(b) 
if Multiple Exchange is specified as being applicable in the relevant Final Terms, any 
Scheduled Trading Day on which: (i) the relevant Index Sponsor publishes the level of 
such Index; and (ii) the relevant Related Exchange is open for trading during its regular 
trading session in respect of such Index, notwithstanding such Related Exchange 
closing prior to its Scheduled Closing Time. 
Exchange Disruption means any event (other than an Early Closure) that disrupts or impairs 
(as determined by the Calculation Agent) the ability of market participants in general to effect 
transactions in, or obtain market values for: (a) any Component on the Exchange in respect of 
such Component; or (b) futures or options contracts relating to the Index on the Related 
Exchange. 
Final Observation Date means the date specified as such or otherwise determined in 
accordance with the Final Terms (or, if such date is not a Scheduled Trading Day, the next 
following Scheduled Trading Day), in each case, subject to the provisions of section 2 and 
section 3 above. 
Hedging Disruption means that the Issuer is unable, after using commercially reasonable 
efforts, to (1) acquire, establish, re-establish, substitute, maintain, unwind or dispose of any 
transaction(s) or asset(s) it deems necessary to hedge the index price risk or any other relevant 
price risk including but not limited to the currency risk of the Issuer in issuing and performing 
its obligations with respect to the Notes, or (2) freely realise, recover, remit, receive, repatriate 
or transfer the proceeds of any such transaction(s) or asset(s). 
Hedging Shares means the number of shares that the Issuer deems necessary to hedge the equity 
price risk of entering into and performing its obligations with respect to the Notes if "Loss of 
Stock Borrow" or "Increased Cost of Stock Borrow" is applicable. 
Increased Cost of Hedging means that the Issuer would incur a materially increased 
(as compared with circumstances existing on the Issue Date) amount of tax, duty, expense or 
fee (other than brokerage commissions) to (i) acquire, establish, re-establish, substitute,

--- Page 195 ---
195 
maintain, unwind or dispose of any transaction(s) or asset(s) it deems necessary to hedge the 
market risk (including, without limitation, index price risk, foreign exchange risk and interest 
rate risk) of the Issuer in issuing and performing its obligations with respect to the Notes, or (ii) 
realise, recover or remit the proceeds of any such transaction(s) or asset(s), provided that any 
such materially increased amount that is incurred solely due to the deterioration of the 
creditworthiness of the Issuer shall not be deemed an Increased Cost of Hedging. 
Increased Cost of Stock Borrow means that the Issuer would incur a rate to borrow Component 
in respect of its obligation under the Notes that is greater than the Initial Stock Loan Rate. 
Index means each index specified in the Final Terms. 
Index Sponsor means the corporation or other entity that (a) is responsible for setting and 
reviewing the rules and procedures and the methods of calculation and adjustments, if any, 
related to the relevant Index and (b) announces (directly or through an agent) the level of the 
relevant Index on a regular basis during each Scheduled Trading Day. 
Initial Averaging Date means each date specified as such or otherwise determined in 
accordance with the Final Terms (or, if such date is not a Scheduled Trading Day, the next 
following Scheduled Trading Day), in each case, subject to the provisions of section 2 and 
section 3 above. 
Initial Observation Date means the date specified as such or otherwise determined in 
accordance with the Final Terms (or, if such date is not a Scheduled Trading Day, the next 
following Scheduled Trading Day), in each case, subject to the provisions of section 2 and 
section 3 above. 
Initial Stock Loan Rate means the stock loan rate specified as such in the Final Terms. 
Loss of Stock Borrow means that the Issuer is unable, after using commercially reasonable 
efforts, to borrow (or maintain a borrowing of) an amount of Hedging Shares at a rate equal to 
or less than the Maximum Stock Loan Rate. 
Market Disruption means either: 
(a) 
(i) 
the occurrence or existence, in respect of any Component, of:  
(1) 
a Trading Disruption, which the Calculation Agent determines is material, at any time 
during the one hour period that ends at the relevant Valuation Time in respect of the 
Exchange on which such Component is principally traded; 
(2) 
an Exchange Disruption, which the Calculation Agent determines is 
material, at any time during the one hour period that ends at the relevant 
Valuation Time in respect of the Exchange on which such Component 
is principally traded; OR 
(3) 
an Early Closure; AND 
(ii) 
the aggregate of all Component in respect of which a Trading Disruption, an 
Exchange Disruption or an Early Closure occurs or exists comprises 20 per 
cent. or more of the level of the Index; OR 
(b) 
the occurrence or existence, in respect of futures or options contracts relating to the 
Index, of: (i) a Trading Disruption; (ii) an Exchange Disruption, which in either case 
the Calculation Agent determines is material, at any time during the one hour period 
that ends at the Valuation Time in respect of the Related Exchange; or (iii) an Early 
Closure. 
For the purposes of determining whether a Market Disruption Event exists in respect of the 
Index at any time, if a Market Disruption Event occurs in respect of a Component at that time, 
then the relevant percentage contribution of that Component to the level of the Index shall be

--- Page 196 ---
196 
based on a comparison of (x) the portion of the level of the Index attributable to that Component 
to (y) the overall level of the Index, in each case using the official opening weightings as 
published by the Index Sponsor as part of the market "opening data". 
Maximum Stock Loan Rate means the stock loan rate specified as such in the Final Terms. 
Observation Date means each date specified as such or otherwise determined in accordance 
with the Final Terms (or, if such date is not a Scheduled Trading Day, the next following 
Scheduled Trading Day), in each case, subject to the provisions of section 2 and section 3 above. 
Pricing Date means any Autocall Observation Date, Coupon Observation Date, Relevant 
Observation Date, Strike Determination Date, Initial Observation Date, Final Observation Date 
or Observation Date.  
Related Exchange means, subject to the proviso below, each exchange or quotation system 
specified as such in the Final Terms, any successor to such exchange or quotation system or any 
substitute exchange or quotation system to which trading in futures or options contracts relating 
to the Index has temporarily relocated (provided that the Calculation Agent has determined that 
there is comparable liquidity relative to the futures or options contracts relating to the Index on 
such temporary substitute exchange or quotation system as on the original Related Exchange), 
provided, however, that where "All Exchanges" is specified as the Related Exchange in the Final 
Terms, "Related Exchange" shall mean each exchange or quotation system where trading has a 
material effect (as determined by the Calculation Agent) on the overall market for futures or 
options contracts relating to the Index. 
Relevant Index Benchmark means, in respect of the Notes: 
(a) 
the Index; or 
(d) 
any other index, benchmark or price source specified as a "Relevant Index Benchmark" 
in the applicable Final Terms. 
Relevant Observation Date means each date specified as such or otherwise determined in 
accordance with the Final Terms (or, if such date is not a Scheduled Trading Day, the next 
following Scheduled Trading Day), in each case, subject to the provisions of section 2 and 
section 3 above. 
Trading Disruption means any suspension of or limitation imposed on trading by the relevant 
Exchange or Related Exchange or otherwise and whether by reason of movements in price 
exceeding limits permitted by the relevant Exchange or Related Exchange or otherwise: 
(a) relating to any Component on the Exchange in respect of such Component; or (b) in futures 
or options contracts relating to the Index on the Related Exchange. 
Scheduled Closing Time means, in respect of an Exchange or Related Exchange and a 
Scheduled Trading Day, the scheduled weekday closing time of such Exchange or Related 
Exchange on such Scheduled Trading Day, without regard to after hours or any other trading 
outside of the regular trading session hours. 
Scheduled Trading Day means either (i) in the case of a single Index, Scheduled Trading Day 
(Single Index Basis) or (ii) in the case of a Basket of Indices, (a) Scheduled Trading Day (All 
Indices Basis) or (b) Scheduled Trading Day (Per Index Basis), in each case as specified in the 
applicable Final Terms, provided that if no such specification is made in the applicable Final 
Terms, Scheduled Trading Day (All Indices Basis) shall apply for a Basket of Indices and 
Scheduled Trading Day (Single Index Basis) shall apply otherwise 
Scheduled Trading Day (All Indices Basis) means, in respect of all Indices: 
(a) 
if Multiple Exchange is specified as being not applicable in the relevant Final Terms, 
any day on which each Exchange and each Related Exchange in respect of each such 
Indices are scheduled to be open for trading for their respective regular trading sessions; 
and

--- Page 197 ---
197 
(b) 
if Multiple Exchange is specified as being applicable in the relevant Final Terms, any 
day on which: (i) the Index Sponsor is scheduled to publish the level of the Index; and 
(ii) each Related Exchange is scheduled to be open for trading for its regular trading 
session. 
Scheduled Trading Day (Per Index Basis) means, in respect of any Index: 
(a) 
if Multiple Exchange is specified as being not applicable in the relevant Final Terms, 
any day on which the relevant Exchange and Related Exchange in respect of such Index 
are scheduled to be open for trading for their respective regular trading sessions; or 
(b) 
if Multiple Exchange is specified as being applicable in the relevant Final Terms, any 
day on which: (i) the Index Sponsor is scheduled to publish the level of such Index; and 
(ii) the Related Exchange is scheduled to be open for trading for its regular trading 
session. 
Scheduled Trading Day (Single Index Basis) means, in respect of an Index: 
(a) 
if Multiple Exchange is specified as being not applicable in the relevant Final Terms, 
any day on which the relevant Exchange and Related Exchange in respect of such Index 
are scheduled to be open for trading for their respective regular trading sessions; or 
(b) 
if Multiple Exchange is specified as being applicable in the relevant Final Terms, any 
day on which: (i) the Index Sponsor is scheduled to publish the level of such Index; and 
(ii) the Related Exchange is scheduled to be open for trading for its regular trading 
session. 
Settlement Cycle means the period of Clearance System Business Days following a trade in 
the Component underlying such Index, on the Exchange in which settlement will customarily 
occur according to the rules of such Exchange (or, if there are multiple Exchanges in respect of 
an Index, the longest such period), and in respect of an Exchange-traded Contract, the period of 
Exchange Business Days following a trade in such Exchange-traded Contract on the Exchange 
in which settlement will customarily occur according to the rules of such Exchange. 
Settlement Disruption Event means, in respect of a Component, an event beyond the control 
of the Issuer as a result of which the relevant Clearance System cannot clear the transfer of such 
Component. 
Settlement Price on any day means the level of the relevant Index on such day, determined by 
the Calculation Agent as of the Valuation Time. 
Strike Determination Date means the date specified as such or otherwise determined in 
accordance with the Final Terms (or, if such date is not a Scheduled Trading Day, the next 
following Scheduled Trading Day), in each case, subject to the provisions of section 2 and 
section 3 above. 
Valuation Time means (a) for the purposes of determining whether a Market Disruption Event 
has occurred: (i) in respect of any Component, the Scheduled Closing Time on the Exchange in 
respect of such Component, and (ii) in respect of any options contracts or future contracts on 
the Index, the close of trading on the Related Exchange; and (b) in all other circumstances, the 
time at which the official closing level of the Index is calculated and published by the Index 
Sponsor.

--- Page 198 ---
198 
INFLATION ANNEX 
ADDITIONAL TERMS AND CONDITIONS FOR INFLATION LINKED NOTES 
 
The terms and conditions applicable to Inflation Linked Notes shall comprise the Terms and Conditions 
of the Notes (the Note Conditions), the additional Terms and Conditions set out below in this Inflation 
Annex (the Inflation Linked Conditions) and the additional Terms and Conditions set out in the Payoff 
Annex (the Payoff Conditions and, together with the Note Conditions and the Inflation Linked 
Conditions, the Conditions) and, in each case subject to completion in the applicable Final Terms. In 
the event of any inconsistency between the Note Conditions and the Inflation Linked Conditions, the 
Inflation Linked Conditions shall prevail. In the event of any inconsistency between (i) the Note 
Conditions and the Inflation Linked Conditions and (ii) the Final Terms, the Final Terms shall prevail. 
References in the Inflation Linked Conditions to Notes shall be deemed to be references to Inflation 
Linked Notes. Defined terms used in this Inflation Annex or the related section of the Final Terms where 
the same term may be used in another Annex shall have the meanings given in this Inflation Annex or in 
the section of the Final Terms relating to Inflation Linked Notes notwithstanding the same terms being 
used in another Annex or section of the Final Terms. 
The issue of the Notes (in this paragraph, the Transaction) is not sponsored, endorsed, sold, or 
promoted by the Inflation Index or the Inflation Index Sponsor and no Inflation Index Sponsor makes 
any representation whatsoever, whether express or implied, either as to the results to be obtained from 
the use of the Inflation Index and/or the levels at which the Inflation Index stands at any particular time 
on any particular date or otherwise. No Inflation Index or Inflation Index Sponsor shall be liable 
(whether in negligence or otherwise) to any person for any error in the Inflation Index. No Inflation 
Index Sponsor is making any representation whatsoever, whether express or implied, as to the 
advisability of purchasing or assuming any risk in connection with entering into any Transaction. The 
Issuer shall not have any liability for any act or failure to act by the Inflation Index Sponsor in 
connection with the calculation, adjustment or maintenance of the Inflation Index. Except as disclosed 
prior to the Issue Date, neither the Issuer nor its affiliates has any affiliation with or control over the 
Inflation Index or Inflation Index Sponsor or any control over the computation, composition or 
dissemination of the Inflation Index. Although the Calculation Agent will obtain information concerning 
the Inflation Index from publicly available sources it believes reliable, it will not independently verify 
this information. Accordingly, no representation, warranty or undertaking (express or implied) is made 
and no responsibility is accepted by the Issuer, its affiliates or the Calculation Agent as to the accuracy, 
completeness and timeliness of information concerning the Inflation Index. 
1. 
Delay of Publication 
(a) 
If any level of the Inflation Index for a Reference Month which is relevant to the calculation of 
a payment under the Notes (a Relevant Level) has not been published or announced by the day 
that is five Business Days prior to the next payment date under the Notes, the Calculation Agent 
shall determine a Substitute Inflation Index Level (in place of such Relevant Level) by using 
the following methodology:  
(i) 
if applicable, the Calculation Agent will take the same action to determine the 
Substitute Inflation Index Level for the Affected Payment Date as that taken by the 
Calculation Agent pursuant to the terms and conditions of the Related Bond;  
(ii) 
if (i) above does not result in a Substitute Inflation Index Level for the Affected 
Payment Date for any reason, then the Calculation Agent shall determine the Substitute 
Inflation Index Level as follows: 
Substitute Inflation Index Level = Base Level x (Latest Level / Reference Level) Where: Base 
Level means the level of the Inflation Index (excluding any "flash" estimates) published or 
announced by the Inflation Index Sponsor in respect of the month which is 12 calendar months 
prior to the month for which the Substitute Inflation Index Level is being determined. Latest 
Level means the latest level of the Inflation Index (excluding any "flash" estimates) published 
or announced by the Inflation Index Sponsor prior to the month in respect of which the 
Substitute Inflation Index Level is being calculated. Reference Level means the level of the 
Inflation Index (excluding any "flash" estimates) published or announced by the Inflation Index

--- Page 199 ---
199 
Sponsor in respect of the month that is 12 calendar months prior to the month referred to in 
"Latest Level" above.  
(b) 
If a Relevant Level is published or announced at any time after the day that is five Business 
Days prior to the next payment date under the Notes, such Relevant Level will not be used in 
any calculations. The Substitute Inflation Index Level so determined pursuant to this section 1, 
will be the definitive level for that Reference Month.  
2. 
Cessation of Publication 
(a) 
Without prejudice to the provisions of sections 2(b) below and subject to the provisions of 
section 2(c) below, if, in respect of the Notes, the parties have specified an Alternative Pre-
nominated Index in the applicable Final Terms, upon the occurrence of an event described in 
section 2(b)(i), 2(b)(ii) or 2(b)(iii) below or an Administrator/Benchmark Event Date, the Issuer 
may require the Calculation Agent to adjust the terms of the Notes so that references to the 
Inflation Index are replaced by references to the Alternative Pre-nominated Index. 
(b) 
If (i) a level for the Inflation Index has not been published or announced for two consecutive 
months, (ii) the Inflation Index Sponsor announces that it will no longer continue to publish or 
announce the Inflation Index or (iii) an Administrator/Benchmark Event occurs, then the Issuer 
may give notice to the Noteholders that it elects to apply Monetisation until the Maturity Date 
or otherwise the Calculation Agent shall determine a Successor Inflation Index (in lieu of any 
previously applicable Inflation Index) for the purposes of the Notes by using the following 
methodology: 
(1) 
if at any time, a successor index has been designated by the Calculation Agent pursuant 
to the terms and conditions of the Related Bond, such successor index shall be 
designated a "Successor Inflation Index" for the purposes of all subsequent payment 
dates in relation to the Notes, notwithstanding that any other Successor Inflation Index 
may previously have been determined under section 1 of this Inflation Annex; or  
(2) 
if a Successor Inflation Index has not been determined under (1) above, and a notice 
has been given or an announcement has been made by an Inflation Index Sponsor, 
specifying that the Inflation Index will be superseded by a replacement Inflation Index 
specified by the Inflation Index Sponsor, and the Calculation Agent determines that 
such replacement index is calculated using the same or substantially similar formula or 
method of calculation as used in the calculation of the previously applicable Inflation 
Index, such replacement index shall be the Inflation Index for purposes of the Notes 
from the date that such replacement Inflation Index comes into effect; or  
(3) 
if a Successor Inflation Index has not been determined under (1) or (2) above, the 
Calculation Agent shall ask five leading independent dealers to state what the 
replacement index for the Inflation Index should be. If between four and five responses 
are received, and of those four or five responses, three or more leading independent 
dealers state the same index, this index will be deemed the Successor Inflation Index; 
if three responses are received, and two or more leading independent dealers state the 
same index, this index will be deemed the "Successor Inflation Index"; if fewer than 
three responses are received, the Calculation Agent will proceed to section 2(b)(4) 
hereof; or 
(4) 
if no Successor Inflation Index has been deemed under (1), (2) or (3) above by the fifth 
Business Day prior to the next Affected Payment Date the Calculation Agent will 
determine an appropriate alternative index for such Affected Payment Date, and such 
index will be deemed a "Successor Inflation Index"; or 
(5) 
if the Calculation Agent determines that there is no appropriate alternative index, the 
Issuer may give notice to the Noteholders that (i) it elects to apply Monetisation until 
the Maturity Date in accordance with the provisions of section 8 below or (ii) it elects 
to redeem the Notes at their Early Redemption Amount, subject always to the terms of

--- Page 200 ---
200 
the Payoff Annex, specifying the date of such redemption, which may be the same day 
that the notice of redemption is effective. 
(c) 
If, in respect of the Notes, it (i) is or would be unlawful at any time under any applicable law 
or regulation or (ii) would contravene any applicable licensing requirements, in each case, to 
determine the Inflation Index in accordance with any applicable fallback (or it would be 
unlawful or would contravene those licensing requirements were a determination to be made at 
such time), then the Inflation Index shall be determined in accordance with the first applicable 
fallback that complies with the applicable law, regulation or licensing requirements. 
3. 
Rebasing of the Inflation Index 
If the Calculation Agent determines that the Inflation Index has been or will be rebased at any time, the 
Inflation Index as so rebased (the Rebased Inflation Index) will be used for purposes of determining 
the level of an Inflation Index from the date of such rebasing; provided, however, that the Calculation 
Agent shall make such adjustments as are made by the Calculation Agent pursuant to the terms and 
conditions of the Related Bond, if any, to the levels of the Rebased Inflation Index so that the Rebased 
Inflation Index levels reflect the same rate of inflation as the Inflation Index before it was rebased. If 
there is no Related Bond, the Calculation Agent shall make adjustments to the levels of the Rebased 
Inflation Index so that the Rebased Inflation Index levels reflect the same rate of inflation as the Inflation 
Index before it was rebased. Any such rebasing shall not affect any prior payments made under the 
Notes.  
4. 
Material Modification Prior to Payment Date 
If, on or prior to the day that is five Business Days before a payment date under the Notes, an Inflation 
Index Sponsor announces that it will make a material change to an Inflation Index then the Issuer may 
give notice to the Noteholders that it elects to apply Monetisation until the Maturity Date or otherwise 
the Calculation Agent shall make any such adjustments to the Inflation Index consistent with 
adjustments made to the Related Bond, or, if there is no Related Bond, only those adjustments necessary 
for the modified Inflation Index to continue as the Inflation Index.  
5. 
Manifest Error in Publication 
If, within thirty days of publication, the Calculation Agent determines that the Inflation Index Sponsor 
has corrected the level of the Inflation Index to remedy a manifest error in its original publication, the 
Calculation Agent will (i) notify the Issuer and the Noteholders of that correction, (ii) notify the Issuer 
and the Noteholders of the amount, if any, that is payable as a result of that correction and (iii) take such 
other action as it may deem necessary to give effect to such correction; provided that any amount payable 
pursuant to clause (ii) above shall be paid (with no interest accruing thereon) (a) in connection with an 
Inflation Index Sponsor’s correction to remedy a manifest error in the level of an Inflation Index for a 
Reference Month for which the scheduled payment date under the Notes has occurred, within five 
Business Days after notice of such amount payable by the Calculation Agent, (b) in connection with an 
Inflation Index Sponsor’s correction to remedy a manifest error in the level of an Inflation Index for a 
Reference Month for which the scheduled payment date under the Notes has not occurred, as an 
adjustment to the payment obligation on the next scheduled payment date under the Notes or (c) if there 
is no further scheduled payment date under the Notes, within five Business Days after notice of such 
amount payable by the Calculation Agent. 
6. 
Consequences of an Additional Disruption Event 
(a) 
If "Change in Law", "Hedging Disruption" and/or "Increased Cost of Hedging" (each, an 
Additional Disruption Event) is specified in the Final Terms to be applicable, then upon the 
occurrence of any such an event the Issuer may: 
(i) 
give notice to the Noteholders that it elects to apply Monetisation until the Maturity 
Date in accordance with the provisions of section 8 below; or 
(iii) 
require the Calculation Agent to make such adjustments to any of the Conditions as it 
considers appropriate in its sole and absolute discretion to account for such Additional

--- Page 201 ---
201 
Disruption Event and determine the date(s) on which any such adjustments will be 
effective; or 
(ii) 
give notice to the Noteholders that it elects to redeem the Notes at their Early 
Redemption Amount, subject always to the terms of the Payoff Annex. 
(b) 
Upon the occurrence of an Additional Disruption Event, the Issuer shall give notice as soon as 
practicable to the Noteholders stating the occurrence of the Additional Disruption Event, giving 
details thereof and the action proposed to be taken in relation thereto. 
7. 
Events having a material effect on the Notes 
Notwithstanding, and without prejudice to, the foregoing provisions of this Inflation Annex, if any event 
(whether or not such event is expressly described or otherwise referred to herein) occurs which the 
Calculation Agent determines, acting in good faith, has a material effect on the Notes, then: 
(a) 
the Issuer may give notice to the Noteholders that it elects to apply Monetisation until the 
Maturity Date in accordance with the provisions of section 8 below; or 
(b) 
the Calculation Agent may make such adjustments to any of the Conditions as it considers 
appropriate to account for any such event and determine the date(s) on which any such 
adjustments will be effective; or 
(c) 
the Issuer may, upon giving notice to the Noteholders, redeem all but not some only of the 
Notes, each Note being redeemed at their Early Redemption Amount, subject always to the 
terms of the Payoff Annex. 
Upon the Calculation Agent making a determination pursuant to this section 7 which results in any 
adjustments of the terms of the Notes, the Issuer shall give notice as soon as practicable to Noteholders 
giving details of such determination. 
8. 
Monetisation until the Maturity Date 
(a) 
Following notice by the Issuer to the Noteholder that it elects to apply Monetisation until the 
Maturity Date, the Issuer shall no longer be liable for the payment of (1) the Instalment 
Amount(s) initially scheduled to be paid on each Instalment Date and/or (2) the Optional 
Redemption Amount on the Optional Redemption Date and/or (3) the Final Redemption 
Amount on the Maturity Date, but instead will, in full and final satisfaction of its obligations 
under the Notes, pay on the Maturity Date an amount per Note, determined by the Calculation 
Agent as the result of: 
(i) 
100% of the Specified Denomination of the Note; 
plus 
(ii) 
the Monetisation Payment Amount (which may be a positive amount or a negative 
amount) corresponding to the Monetisation Calculation Amount (1) capitalised at the 
applicable zero-coupon rate (which may be positive or negative) from and including 
the Full Liquidation Date (or, if later and applicable, the Optional Full Liquidation Date 
or the Instalment Full Liquidation Date) to but excluding the Maturity Date and (2) 
apportioned pro rata amongst the Specified Denomination of each Note. 
less 
(iii) 
the Associated Costs apportioned pro rata amongst the Specified Denomination of each 
Note (without double counting of any cost taken into account in the Monetisation 
Calculation Amount), 
subject to a minimum of zero.

--- Page 202 ---
202 
The Monetisation Calculation Amount is equal to the net cash amount that the Issuer or any 
of its affiliates would be left with (in which case the Monetisation Calculation Amount will be 
expressed as a positive amount) or would have to pay (in which case the Monetisation 
Calculation Amount will be expressed as a negative amount) on the Instalment Full Liquidation 
Date (and, if applicable, the Optional Full Liquidation Date and/or the Instalment Full 
Liquidation Date), as a result of liquidating the Hedge Positions (and, if applicable, Optional 
Hedge Positions and/or the Instalment Hedge Positions) (inter alia by satisfying any obligations 
or liabilities in place with respect to or part of such Hedge Positions (and, if applicable, Optional 
Hedge Positions and/or Instalment Hedge Positions), if any, with the liquidation proceeds of the 
assets of the Hedge Positions (and, if applicable, Optional Hedge Positions and/or Instalment 
Hedge Positions)), the result of which, converted if necessary into the Specified Currency using 
the Relevant Spot Exchange Rate on the Full Liquidation Date or, if later and applicable, the 
Optional Full Liquidation Date or the Instalment Full Liquidation Date. 
(b) 
Definitions specific to the Monetisation until the Maturity Date 
"Associated Costs" means an amount determined by the Calculation Agent in its reasonable 
discretion equal to the sum of (without duplication) all costs (including, without limitation, cost 
of funding), losses, expenses, tax and duties incurred by the Issuer or any of its affiliates in 
connection with the termination, liquidation or re-establishment of the Intermediate Hedge 
Positions, the Optional Hedge Positions, and/or the Hedge Positions, as the case may be. 
"Full Liquidation Date" means, in respect of the Maturity Date, the date on which the 
liquidation proceeds of the Hedge Positions (including inter alia by satisfying any obligations 
or liabilities in place with respect to or part of such Hedge Positions, if any, with the liquidation 
proceeds of the assets of such Hedge Positions) are deemed, as determined by the Calculation 
Agent, to be fully received by the Issuer or any of its affiliates. 
"Hedge Positions" means any purchase, sale, entry into or maintenance, by the Issuer or any of 
its affiliates, of one or more (a) positions or contracts in securities, options, futures, derivatives, 
interest rate transactions or foreign exchange transactions, (b) securities lending/borrowing 
transactions, (c) cash deposits or cash borrowings and/or (d) other instruments, arrangements, 
assets or liabilities howsoever described, in order to hedge individually or on a portfolio basis, 
the part of the Issuer’s obligations under the Notes linked to or indexed to the relevant Inflation 
Index or Basket of Indices, as applicable, due on the Maturity Date provided that, if the 
Instalment Full Liquidation Date and/or the Optional Full Liquidation Date has not occurred on 
or before the fourth Business Day preceding the Maturity Date, then Hedge Positions will 
include the Instalment Hedge Positions and/or the Optional Hedge Positions, if applicable. 
"Instalment Full Liquidation Date" means, in respect of any Instalment Payment Date, the 
date on which the liquidation proceeds of the Instalment Hedge Positions (including inter alia 
by satisfying any obligations or liabilities in place with respect to or part of such Intermediate 
Hedge Positions, if any, with the liquidation proceeds of the assets of such Instalment Hedge 
Positions) are deemed, as determined by the Calculation Agent, to be fully received by the Issuer 
or any of its affiliates. 
"Instalment Hedge Positions" means any purchase, sale, entry into or maintenance, by the 
Issuer or any of its affiliates, of one or more (a) positions or contracts in securities, options, 
futures, derivatives, interest rate transactions or foreign exchange transactions, (b) securities 
lending/borrowing transactions, (c) cash deposits or cash borrowings and/or (d) other 
instruments, arrangements, assets or liabilities howsoever described, in order to hedge 
individually or on a portfolio basis, the part of the Issuer’s obligations under the Notes linked 
to or indexed to the relevant Inflation Index or Basket of Indices, as applicable, due on an 
Instalment Date. 
"Optional Full Liquidation Date" means, in respect of an Optional Redemption Date, the date 
on which the liquidation proceeds of the Optional Hedge Positions (including inter alia by 
satisfying any obligations or liabilities in place with respect to or part of such Optional Hedge 
Positions, if any, with the liquidation proceeds of the assets of such Optional Hedge Positions)

--- Page 203 ---
203 
are deemed, as determined by the Calculation Agent, to be fully received by the Issuer or any 
of its affiliates. 
"Optional Hedge Positions" means any purchase, sale, entry into or maintenance, by the Issuer 
or any of its affiliates, of one or more (a) positions or contracts in securities, options, futures, 
derivatives, interest rate transactions or foreign exchange transactions, (b) securities 
lending/borrowing transactions, (c) cash deposits or cash borrowings and/or (d) other 
instruments, arrangements, assets or liabilities howsoever described, in order to hedge 
individually or on a portfolio basis, the part of the Issuer’s obligations under the Notes linked 
to or indexed to the relevant Inflation Index or Basket of Indices, as applicable, due on an 
Optional Redemption Date. 
"Relevant Spot Exchange Rate" means in respect of a date and an amount to be converted into 
the Specified Currency, the rate of exchange of the currency in which such amount is 
denominated into the Specified Currency used to convert such amount on such date into the 
Specified Currency as determined by the Calculation Agent. 
9. 
Definitions  
Administrator/Benchmark Event has the meaning given to it in the Note Conditions. 
Affected Payment Date means each payment date under the Notes in respect of which an Inflation 
Index has not been published or announced.  
Alternative Pre-nominated Index has the meaning given to it in the Note Conditions. 
Change in Law means that, on or after the Issue Date, (A) due to the adoption of or any change in any 
applicable law or regulation (including, without limitation, any tax law), or (B) due to the promulgation 
of or any change in the interpretation by any court, tribunal or regulatory authority with competent 
jurisdiction of any applicable law or regulation (including any action taken by a taxing authority), the 
Issuer determines in its sole and absolute discretion that it has become illegal to hold, acquire or dispose 
of relevant hedge positions relating to the Inflation Index or Basket of Indices, as applicable. 
Fallback Bond means a bond selected by the Calculation Agent and issued by the government of the 
country to whose level of inflation the Inflation Index relates and which pays a coupon or redemption 
amount which is calculated by reference to the Inflation Index, with a maturity date which falls on (a) 
the same day as the Maturity Date, (b) the next longest maturity after the Maturity Date if there is no 
such bond maturing on the Termination Date, or (c) the next shortest maturity before the Maturity Date 
if no bond defined in (a) or (b) is selected by the Calculation Agent. If the Inflation Index relates to the 
level of inflation across the European Monetary Union, the Calculation Agent will select an inflation-
linked bond that is a debt obligation of one of the governments (but not any government agency) of 
France, Italy, Germany or Spain and which pays a coupon or redemption amount which is calculated by 
reference to the level of inflation in the European Monetary Union. In each case, the Calculation Agent 
will select the Fallback Bond from those inflation-linked bonds issued on or before the Issue Date and, 
if there is more than one inflation-linked bond maturing on the same date, the Fallback Bond shall be 
selected by the Calculation Agent from those bonds. If the Fallback Bond redeems the Calculation Agent 
will select a new Fallback Bond on the same basis, but selected from all eligible bonds in issue at the 
time the original Fallback Bond redeems (including any bond for which the redeemed bond is 
exchanged).  
Hedging Disruption means that the Issuer is unable, after using commercially reasonable efforts, to (1) 
acquire, establish, re-establish, substitute, maintain, unwind or dispose of any transaction(s) or asset(s) 
it deems necessary to hedge the inflation price risk or any other relevant price risk including but not 
limited to the currency risk of the Issuer in issuing and performing its obligations with respect to the 
Notes, or (2) freely realise, recover, remit, receive, repatriate or transfer the proceeds of any such 
transaction(s) or asset(s). 
Increased Cost of Hedging means that the Issuer would incur a materially increased (as compared with 
circumstances existing on the Issue Date) amount of tax, duty, expense or fee (other than brokerage 
commissions) to (i) acquire, establish, re-establish, substitute, maintain, unwind or dispose of any

--- Page 204 ---
204 
transaction(s) or asset(s) it deems necessary to hedge the market risk (including, without limitation, 
inflation price risk, foreign exchange risk and interest rate risk) of the Issuer in issuing and performing 
its obligations with respect to the Notes, or (ii) realise, recover or remit the proceeds of any such 
transaction(s) or asset(s), provided that any such materially increased amount that is incurred solely due 
to the deterioration of the creditworthiness of the Issuer shall not be deemed an Increased Cost of 
Hedging. 
Inflation Index means each index specified as such in the Final Terms, or any Successor Inflation Index 
as nominated under the terms of this Inflation Annex. 
Inflation Index Sponsor means the entity that publishes or announces (directly or through an agent) 
the level of the relevant Inflation Index.  
Reference Month means each calendar month, as set out in the Final Terms, for which the level of the 
Inflation Index was reported, regardless of when this information is published or announced. If the 
period for which the Inflation Index level was reported is a period other than a month, the Reference 
Month is the period for which the Inflation Index level was reported.  
Relevant Inflation Benchmark means, in respect of the Notes: 
(a) 
the Inflation Index; or 
(d) 
any other index, benchmark or price source specified as a "Relevant Inflation Benchmark" in 
the applicable Final Terms. 
Related Bond means the bond specified as such in the Final Terms, or if no bond is so specified, the 
Fallback Bond. If the Related Bond is "Fallback Bond", then for any Related Bond determination under 
this Inflation Annex, the Calculation Agent shall use the Fallback Bond (as that is defined above). If no 
bond is specified as the Related Bond and "Fallback Bond: Not applicable" is specified in the Final 
Terms there will be no Related Bond for purposes of this Inflation Annex. If a bond is selected as the 
Related Bond in the Final Terms, and that bond redeems or matures before the Maturity Date of the 
Notes, unless "Fallback Bond: Not applicable" is specified in the Final Terms, the Calculation Agent 
shall use the Fallback Bond for any Related Bond determination under this Inflation Annex. 
Substitute Inflation Index Level means an Inflation Index level, determined by the Calculation Agent 
pursuant to the provisions of Section 1 above, in respect of an Affected Payment Date.  
Successor Inflation Index has the meaning specified in Section 1 above. 
Rounding: Calculations in respect of the Inflation Linked Notes shall match the rounding conventions 
of the documentation governing the Related Bond.

--- Page 205 ---
205 
SHARE ANNEX 
ADDITIONAL TERMS AND CONDITIONS FOR SHARE LINKED NOTES 
 
The terms and conditions applicable to Share Linked Notes shall comprise the Terms and Conditions of 
the Notes (the Note Conditions), the additional Terms and Conditions set out below in this Share Annex 
(the Share Linked Conditions) and the additional Terms and Conditions set out in the Payoff Annex 
(the Payoff Conditions and, together with the Note Conditions and the Share Linked Conditions, the 
Conditions) and, in each case subject to completion in the applicable Final Terms. In the event of any 
inconsistency between the Note Conditions and the Share Linked Conditions, the Share Linked 
Conditions shall prevail. In the event of any inconsistency between (i) the Note Conditions and the Share 
Linked Conditions and (ii) the Final Terms, the Final Terms shall prevail. References in the Share 
Linked Conditions to Notes shall be deemed to be references to Share Linked Notes. Defined terms 
used in this Share Annex or the related section of the Final Terms where the same term may be used in 
another Annex shall have the meanings given in this Share Annex or in the section of the Final Terms 
relating to Share Linked Notes notwithstanding the same terms being used in another Annex or section 
of the Final Terms. 
1. 
Share Linked Notes 
Unless the Notes are redeemed early in accordance with their terms and conditions, if the determination 
of the Interest Amount, the Early Redemption Amount, the Final Redemption Amount or the Instalment 
Amount, as the case may be, is postponed as a result of the occurrence of a Disrupted Day, then payment 
of any such amount (the Affected Amount) shall be postponed to the date which is two Payment Days 
following the latest to occur of (x) the Share Determination Date; (y) the Disruption Longstop Date and 
(z) the scheduled date for payment of such Affected Amount, and such Affected Amount shall be paid 
without any interest or other sum payable in respect of the postponement of the payment of the Affected 
Amount. 
2. 
Consequences of Disrupted Days 
(a) 
If any Autocall Observation Date, Strike Determination Date, Coupon Observation Date, 
Relevant Observation Date, Initial Observation Date, Final Observation Date or Observation 
Date, as applicable, is a Disrupted Day, then the Issuer may give notice to the Noteholders that 
it elects to apply Monetisation until the Maturity Date in accordance with the provisions of 
section 8 below or otherwise: 
(i) 
in the case of Share Linked Notes relating to a single Share, the Autocall Observation 
Date, Strike Determination Date, Coupon Observation Date, Relevant Observation 
Date, Initial Observation Date, Final Observation Date or Observation Date, as 
applicable, shall be the first succeeding Scheduled Trading Day that is not a Disrupted 
Day (the Share Determination Date), unless each of the eight Scheduled Trading Days 
immediately following the Autocall Observation Date, Strike Determination Date, 
Coupon Observation Date, Relevant Observation Date, Initial Observation Date, Final 
Observation Date or Observation Date, as applicable, is a Disrupted Day, in which case: 
(1) 
that eighth Scheduled Trading Day (the Disruption Longstop Date) shall be 
deemed to be the Autocall Observation Date, Strike Determination Date, 
Coupon Observation Date, Relevant Observation Date, Initial Observation 
Date, Final Observation Date or Observation Date, as applicable, 
notwithstanding the fact that such day is a Disrupted Day; and 
(2) 
the Calculation Agent shall determine the value of the Share in good faith as of 
the Valuation Time on the Disruption Longstop Date; or 
(ii) 
in the case of Share Linked Notes relating to a Basket of Shares: 
(1) 
the Autocall Observation Date, Strike Determination Date, Coupon 
Observation Date, Relevant Observation Date, Initial Observation Date, Final 
Observation Date or Observation Date, as applicable, for each Share not

--- Page 206 ---
206 
affected by the occurrence of a Disrupted Day shall be the original date that, 
but for the occurrence of an event causing a Disrupted Day, would have been 
an Autocall Observation Date, Strike Determination Date, Coupon Observation 
Date, Relevant Observation Date, Initial Observation Date, Final Observation 
Date or Observation Date, as applicable; and 
(2) 
the Autocall Observation Date, Strike Determination Date, Coupon 
Observation Date, Relevant Observation Date, Initial Observation Date, Final 
Observation Date or Observation Date, as applicable for each relevant Share 
affected (each an Affected Share) by the occurrence of a Disrupted Day shall 
be the first succeeding Scheduled Trading Day that is not a Disrupted Day in 
respect of such Affected Share, unless each of the eight Scheduled Trading 
Days immediately following the Autocall Observation Date, Strike 
Determination Date, Coupon Observation Date, Relevant Observation Date, 
Initial Observation Date, Final Observation Date or Observation Date, as 
applicable, is a Disrupted Day in respect of such Affected Share, in which case: 
(A) 
the Disruption Longstop Date shall be deemed to be the Autocall 
Observation Date, Strike Determination Date, Coupon Observation 
Date, Relevant Observation Date, Initial Observation Date, Final 
Observation Date or Observation Date, as applicable, notwithstanding 
the fact that such day is a Disrupted Day; and 
(B) 
the Calculation Agent shall determine the value of the Share in good 
faith as of the Valuation Time on the Disruption Longstop Date; or 
(iii) 
if the Calculation Agent is not able to or does not determine the level of the Share in 
accordance with section 2(a)(i) or 2(a)(ii) above, as the case may be, or if such 
determination would not, in the opinion of the Calculation Agent, account for the 
relevant disruption event: 
(1) 
the Calculation Agent may determine the value of the Share(s), taking into 
consideration the latest available quotation for the value of the relevant Share(s) 
and any other information that in good faith it deems relevant; or 
(2) 
the Calculation Agent may make such adjustments to any of the Conditions of 
the Notes as it considers appropriate to account for any such disruption event 
and determine the date(s) on which any such adjustments will be effective; in 
making any such adjustments, the Calculation Agent may take into account the 
equivalent adjustment(s) which would be made to an index derivative 
transaction in the interbank market following the relevant event occurring and 
where the Calculation Agent deems appropriate (in its sole and absolute 
discretion), adjust the Conditions to give effect to such adjustment(s); or 
(iv) 
if the Calculation Agent is not able to or does not determine any adjustments for the 
purposes of section 2(a)(iii)(1) or section 2(a)(iii)(2) above, the Issuer may, in its sole 
and absolute discretion: 
 (i) 
give notice to the Noteholders that it elects to apply Monetisation until 
the Maturity Date in accordance with the provisions of section 9 below; 
or 
(ii) 
give notice to the Noteholders that it elects to redeem the Notes at their 
Early Redemption Amount, subject always to the terms of the Payoff 
Annex. 
(b) 
If any Initial Averaging Date is a Disrupted Day, then the Issuer may give notice to the 
Noteholders that it elects to apply Monetisation until the Maturity Date in accordance 
with the provisions of section 9 below or otherwise:

--- Page 207 ---
207 
(i) 
where the consequence specified for "Averaging Date Disruption" in the 
applicable Final Terms is "Omission", then such Initial Averaging Date will be 
deemed not to be a relevant Initial Averaging Date for purposes of determining 
the relevant level of the Share, and if through the operation of this provision no 
Initial Averaging Date would occur, section 2(a) above will apply for purposes 
of determining the relevant price or amount on the last Initial Averaging Date 
in as if such last Initial Averaging Date were an Observation Date that was a 
Disrupted Day; 
(ii) 
where the consequence specified for "Averaging Date Disruption" in the 
applicable Final Terms is "Postponement", then section 2(a) above will apply 
for purposes of determining the relevant price or amount on that Initial 
Averaging Date as if such Initial Averaging Date were an Observation Date that 
was a Disrupted Day, irrespective of whether, pursuant to such determination, 
that deferred Initial Averaging Date would fall on a date that already is or is 
deemed to be an Initial Averaging Date for the relevant Share; or 
(iii) 
where the consequence specified for "Averaging Date Disruption" in the 
applicable Final Terms is "Modified Postponement", then: 
(A) 
in the case of a Basket of Shares, the Initial Averaging Date for 
each Share not affected by the occurrence of a Disrupted Day 
shall be the date specified in the applicable Final Terms as an 
Initial Averaging Date and the Initial Averaging Date for any 
Share affected by the occurrence of a Disrupted Day shall be 
the first succeeding Scheduled Trading Day in relation to such 
Share that is not a Disrupted Day in relation to such Share and 
on which another Initial Averaging Date in respect of the 
relevant Observation Date does not or is not deemed to occur, 
unless each of the eight Scheduled Trading Days immediately 
following such Initial Averaging Date for the affected Share is 
a Disrupted Day in which case (1) the eighth Scheduled Trading 
Day shall be deemed the Initial Averaging Date (irrespective of 
whether such day is already an Initial Averaging Date), and (2) 
the Calculation Agent shall determine the relevant price or 
amount for that Initial Averaging Date in accordance with 
section 2(a) above; and 
(B) 
otherwise, the Initial Averaging Date shall be the first succeeding 
Scheduled Trading Day, unless each of the eight Scheduled Trading 
Days immediately following such Initial Averaging Date for the 
affected Share is a Disrupted Day in which case (1) the eighth 
Scheduled Trading Day shall be deemed the Initial Averaging Date 
(irrespective of whether such day is already an Averaging Date) and (II) 
the Calculation Agent shall determine the relevant price or amount for 
that Initial Averaging Date in accordance with section 2(a) above. 
(c) 
The Calculation Agent shall give notice as soon as practicable to the Noteholders of the 
occurrence of the relevant disruption event on any day that, but for the occurrence of a 
Disrupted Day, would have been an Autocall Observation Date, Strike Determination 
Date, Coupon Observation Date, Relevant Observation Date, Initial Observation Date, 
Initial Averaging Date, Final Observation Date or Observation Date, as applicable. Such 
notice shall give the details of such disruption event and the action proposed to be taken 
by the Calculation Agent in relation thereto. 
3. 
Consequences of Potential Adjustment Events 
Potential Adjustment Event means, in relation to a Share, any of the following:

--- Page 208 ---
208 
(a) 
a subdivision, consolidation or reclassification of such Share (unless resulting in a 
Merger Event), including, for the avoidance of doubt, a stock split or reverse stock split, 
or a free distribution or dividend of any such Shares to existing holders by way of bonus, 
capitalisation or similar issue; 
(b) 
a distribution, issue or dividend to existing holders of such Share of (i) such Shares, (ii) 
other share capital or securities granting the right to payment of dividends and/or the 
proceeds of liquidation of the Company equally or proportionately with such payments 
to holders of such Shares, (iii) share capital, other securities of another issuer acquired 
or owned (directly or indirectly) by the Company as a result of a spin-off or other similar 
transaction, or (iv) any other type of securities, rights or warrants or other assets, in any 
case for payment (in cash or otherwise) at less than the prevailing market price as 
determined by the Calculation Agent; 
(c) 
an extraordinary dividend as determined by the Calculation Agent; 
(d) 
a call by the Company in respect of Shares that are not fully paid; 
(e) 
a repurchase by the Company or any of its subsidiaries of Shares whether out of profits 
or capital and whether the consideration for such repurchase is cash, securities or 
otherwise; 
(f) 
an event that results in any shareholder rights being distributed or becoming separated 
from shares of common stock or other shares of the capital stock of the Company 
pursuant to a shareholder rights plan or arrangement directed against hostile takeovers 
that provides upon the occurrence of certain events for a distribution of preferred stock, 
warrants, debt instruments or stock rights at a price below their market value, as 
determined by the Calculation Agent provided that any adjustment effected as a result 
of such an event shall be readjusted upon any redemption of such rights; or 
(g) 
any other event having, in the opinion of the Calculation Agent, a diluting or 
concentrative effect on the theoretical value of the Shares. 
Following the occurrence of any Potential Adjustment Event as defined above, the Calculation 
Agent will, as soon as reasonably practicable after it becomes aware of such event determine 
whether such Potential Adjustment Event has a diluting or concentrative effect on the theoretical 
value of the Share and, if so, will (A) calculate the corresponding adjustment, if any, to be made 
to the elements relating to the relevant Share used to determine any settlement or payment terms 
under the Notes and/or adjust any other terms of the Notes as it determines appropriate to 
preserve the economic equivalent of the obligations of the Issuer under the Notes and (B) 
determine the effective date of that adjustment. In its determinations of the existence and extent 
of any dilutive or concentrative effect on the theoretical value of the Shares of any Potential 
Adjustment Event, and any related adjustments to the terms of the Notes, the Calculation Agent 
shall take into account any amounts of Local Taxes that would, in the determination of the 
Calculation Agent, be withheld from or paid or otherwise incurred by an Offshore Investor in 
connection with such Potential Adjustment Event. The Calculation Agent may (but need not) 
determine the appropriate adjustment by reference to the adjustment in respect of such Potential 
Adjustment Event made by a Related Exchange to options on the Share traded on such Related 
Exchange. For such purposes: 
Local Taxes shall mean taxes, duties, and similar charges imposed by the taxing authority of 
the country in which the Company has been incorporated or in which the Exchange on which 
the Share is listed is located; and 
Offshore Investor shall mean a holder of Shares who is an institutional investor not resident in 
the country in which the Company has been incorporated or in which the Exchange on which 
the Share is listed is located (the Local Jurisdiction), for the purposes of the tax laws and 
regulations of the Local Jurisdiction and, for the avoidance of doubt, whose jurisdiction of 
residence (a) shall be determined by the Calculation Agent and (b) may be the jurisdiction of 
the Issuer or any of its affiliates.

--- Page 209 ---
209 
Upon the Calculation Agent making a determination pursuant to this section 3 which results in 
any adjustments of the terms of the Notes, the Issuer shall give notice as soon as practicable to 
Noteholders giving details of such determination. 
4. 
Consequences of Extraordinary Events 
(a) 
Upon the occurrence, in the determination of the Calculation Agent, on or after the 
Trade Date of the opening of an Offering Period relating to a Merger Event, a De-
merger Event, a De-listing Event, an Insolvency, a Nationalisation or a Participation 
Event, in respect of a Share (an Affected Share), then during such Offering Period, the 
Calculation Agent may decide in good faith to apply Method of Substitution with 
respect to the Affected Share. 
(b) 
If the Calculation Agent decides not to apply Method of Substitution during the 
Offering Period with respect to the Affected Share, then: 
(i) 
in respect of a Merger Event, from the Merger Date, and/or upon consummation 
of the Merger Event, until the sixtieth Business Day thereafter, the Calculation 
Agent, acting in good faith, may: 
(1) 
in respect of a Share-for-Share Merger Event, apply the Alternative 
Obligation and/or Method of Substitution; 
(2) 
in respect of a Share-for-Other Merger Event, apply Alternative 
Obligation and/or Method of Substitution; or 
(3) 
in respect of a Share-for-Combined Merger Event, apply Alternative 
Obligation and/or Method of Substitution; 
(ii) 
in the case of a Merger Event affecting two Shares comprised in a Basket, the 
Calculation Agent may: 
(1) 
continue with the share resulting from the Merger Event and in order 
to maintain the original number of companies in the Basket, a 
Substitute Share will be elected and included in the Basket; 
(2) 
substitute both Shares with two Substitute Shares selected as described 
in the Method of Substitution; 
(iii) 
in respect of a De-merger Event, from the De-merger Date, and/or upon 
consummation of the De-merger Event, until the sixtieth Business Day 
thereafter, the Calculation Agent, acting in good faith, may: 
(1) 
replace the Affected Share with the shares of the successor companies; 
or 
(2) 
substitute one or more share(s) resulting from such De-merger Event 
pursuant to the Method of Substitution, 
it being understood that, in the case of a Basket, the Calculation Agent shall 
maintain the initial number of companies in the Basket and that in the case 
where the Calculation Agent has elected to substitute the Affected Share with 
several shares resulting from such De-merger Event, such shares shall be placed 
in a sub-basket and considered as one component of the Basket; 
(iv) 
in respect of a De-listing Event or a Nationalisation, from the effective date of 
such event, until the sixtieth Business Day thereafter, the Calculation Agent, 
acting in good faith, may, but is not obliged to, apply the Method of 
Substitution; 
(v) 
in respect of an Insolvency, the Calculation Agent may:

--- Page 210 ---
210 
(1) 
decide that the Affected Share will be substituted pursuant to the 
Method of Substitution; or 
(2) 
decide that the value of the relevant component in the formula used to 
determine the amount to be paid or whether a condition has occurred, 
if any, as described in the applicable Final Terms, representing the 
Affected Share will be accounted by the Calculation Agent for its fair 
market value determined at any time as from the date of occurrence of 
such Insolvency until the last Autocall Observation Date, Strike 
Determination Date, Coupon Observation Date, Relevant Observation 
Date, Observation Date or the Final Observation Date, as applicable; 
the determination of the fair market value shall depend upon the 
liquidity of the market and the trading conditions relating to the Share 
affected at the time of calculation; 
(vi) 
in respect of a Participation Event from the effective date of such event until 
the sixtieth Business Day thereafter, the Calculation Agent may, but is not 
obliged to, select a Substitute Share for the Affected Share pursuant to the 
Method of Substitution; or 
(vii) 
in respect of a Merger Event, a De-merger Event, a De-listing Event, an 
Insolvency, a Nationalisation or a Participation Event, the Issuer may: 
(i) 
give notice to the Noteholders that it elects to apply Monetisation until 
the Maturity Date in accordance with the provisions of section 9 below; 
or 
(ii) 
require the Calculation Agent to make such adjustments to any of the 
Conditions as it considers appropriate in its sole and absolute discretion 
to account for such Merger Event, a De-merger Event, a De-listing 
Event, an Insolvency, a Nationalisation or a Participation Event, as 
applicable, and determine the date(s) on which any such adjustments 
will be effective; or 
(iii) 
give notice to the Noteholders that it elects to redeem the Notes at their 
Early Redemption Amount, subject always to the terms of the Payoff 
Annex. 
(c) 
Notwithstanding anything herein to the contrary, the Calculation Agent shall use its 
reasonable endeavours at all times to maintain the original number of companies in the 
Basket as Companies hereunder. 
Upon the Calculation Agent making a determination pursuant to this section 4 which results in 
any adjustments of the terms of the Notes, the Issuer shall give notice as soon as practicable to 
Noteholders giving details of such determination. 
For the purpose of this section 4: 
Alternative Obligation means: 
A. 
if, in respect of a Share-for-Share Merger Event, the Calculation Agent decides to apply 
Alternative Obligation, then on or after the relevant Merger Date the New Shares and 
the issuer of such New Shares will be deemed the Shares and the Company, 
respectively, and, if necessary, the Calculation Agent will adjust any relevant terms of 
the Notes on the basis of the number of New Shares (as subsequently modified in 
accordance with any relevant terms and including the proceeds of any redemption, if 
applicable) to which a holder of the relevant number of Shares immediately prior to the 
occurrence of the Merger Event would be entitled upon consummation of the Merger 
Event;

--- Page 211 ---
211 
B. 
if, in respect of a Share-for-Other Merger Event, the Calculation Agent decides to apply 
Alternative Obligation, then on or after the relevant Merger Date, the Calculation Agent 
will adjust any relevant terms of the Notes on the basis of the amount of Other 
Consideration (as subsequently modified in accordance with any relevant terms and 
including the proceeds of any redemption, if applicable) to which a holder of the 
relevant number of Shares would be entitled upon consummation of the Merger Event 
and, if necessary, any relevant terms of the Notes; and 
C. 
if, in respect of a Share-for-Combined Merger Event, the Calculation Agent decides to 
apply Alternative Obligation, then on or after the Merger Date the New Shares and the 
Other Consideration will be deemed the Shares and the issuer of the New Shares will 
be deemed the Company respectively, and, if necessary, the Calculation Agent will 
adjust any relevant terms of the Notes on the basis of the number of New Shares and 
the amount of Other Consideration (as subsequently modified in accordance with any 
relevant terms and including the proceeds of any redemption, if applicable) to which a 
holder of the relevant number of Shares would be entitled upon consummation of the 
Merger Event. 
Combined Consideration means New Shares in combination with Other Consideration. 
De-listing Event means, in respect of a Share, that such Share: 
A. 
ceases to be listed, traded or publicly quoted on the relevant Exchange or listing 
compartment of the relevant Exchange (for any reason other than a Merger Event or a 
tender offer) and is not immediately re-listed, re-traded or requoted on an exchange or 
quotation system located in the same country as the Exchange (or where the Exchange 
is within the European Union, in any Member State of the European Union); or 
B. 
has its listing, trading or public quotation maintained in inappropriate conditions in the 
opinion of the Calculation Agent (such conditions to include, without limitation, a lack 
of liquidity or the disappearance of the relevant futures and/or option contract of the 
relevant Share). 
De-merger Event means, in respect of any Share, that the Company relevant to such Share is 
affected by a de-merger including, without limitation, a spin off, scission or any operation of a 
similar nature. 
De-merger Date means the date on which a De-merger Event becomes effective. 
Early Redemption means that the Issuer will give notice to the Noteholders that it elects to 
redeem the Notes at their Early Redemption Amount, subject always to the terms of the Payoff 
Annex. 
Fixing Period means the period subject to a maximum of ten Exchange Business Days, which 
shall expire no later than 90 Business Days following the Merger Date, the De-merger Date or 
the effective date of the De-listing Event, Nationalisation, Insolvency or Participation Event, 
during which: 
A. 
the Issuer or any of its affiliates sells the Affected Shares, the New Shares and/or the 
Other Consideration, (as the case may be), on the basis of the weighted average of the 
closing prices of the relevant assets traded by the Issuer or any of its affiliates with 
regards to the relevant Notes, as observed during such Fixing Period; and 
B. 
the proceeds of such sale are re-invested in the Substitute Shares and/or New Shares 
accordingly during the said Fixing Period on the basis of the weighted average of the 
closing prices of such Substitute Shares and/or New Shares traded by the Issuer or any 
of its affiliates with regards to the relevant Notes, as observed during such Fixing 
Period.

--- Page 212 ---
212 
Insolvency means, in respect of a Company, voluntary or involuntary liquidation, bankruptcy, 
insolvency, dissolution or winding-up of, or any analogous proceeding affecting, such 
Company, as determined in good faith by the Calculation Agent. 
Merger Date means, in respect of a Share, the date upon which holders of the necessary number 
of the relevant Shares (other than, in the case of a takeover offer, Shares owned or controlled by 
the offeror) to constitute a Merger Event have agreed or have irrevocably become obliged to 
transfer their Shares. 
Merger Event means, in respect of any Share: 
A. 
any reclassification or change of such Share (including the change of currency reference 
of the Share) that results in a transfer of or an irrevocable commitment to transfer all of 
such Share outstanding to another entity or person; 
B. 
any consolidation, amalgamation, merger or binding share exchange of the relevant 
Company with or into another entity (other than a consolidation, amalgamation or 
merger in which such Company is the continuing entity and which does not result in a 
reclassification or change of all of such Shares outstanding);  
C. 
other take-over offer, tender offer, exchange offer, solicitation, proposal or other event 
by any entity or person to purchase or otherwise obtain 100 per cent. of the outstanding 
Shares that results in a transfer of or an irrevocable commitment to transfer all or part 
of such Shares (other than any of such Shares owned or controlled by the offeror); 
D. 
any consolidation, amalgamation, merger or binding share exchange of the relevant 
Company or its subsidiaries with or into another entity in which such Company is the 
continuing entity and which does not result in a reclassification or change of all of such 
Shares outstanding but results in the outstanding Shares (other than Shares owned or 
controlled by such other entity) immediately prior to such event collectively 
representing less than 50 per cent. of the outstanding Shares immediately following 
such event; or  
E. 
take-over offer, tender offer, exchange offer, solicitation, proposal or other event by any 
entity or person that results in such entity or person purchasing or otherwise obtaining 
or having the right to obtain, by conversion or other means, greater than 10 per cent. 
and less than 100 per cent. of the outstanding voting shares of the Company, as 
determined by the Calculation Agent based upon the making of filings with 
governmental or self-regulatory agencies or such other information as the Calculation 
Agent deems relevant. 
Method of Substitution means that in the case of a Merger Event, De-merger Event, De-listing 
Event, Nationalisation, Insolvency or Participation Event (regardless of the consideration to be 
received), in respect of an Affected Share, the Calculation Agent may consider that the Affected 
Share, the New Shares and/or, all or part of the Other Consideration (as the case may be) is/are 
converted into cash and that the proceeds will be reinvested either: 
A. 
into a new share of the same economic sector or into a share issued by a company of a 
similar international standing or creditworthiness as the Company related to the 
Affected Share (the Substitute Share); or 
B. 
in the case of Combined Consideration, into New Shares. 
In the event of Other Consideration to be received in cash, in the future, the Calculation Agent 
may consider that the cash to be received in the future is discounted in order to immediately re-
invest the proceeds then procured in accordance with (A) and (B) above. The sale of the Affected 
Share, the New Shares and/or the Other Consideration shall be deemed to take place during the 
Fixing Period. The Substitute Share and the company issuing such Substituted Share will be 
deemed a Share and the Company respectively and the Calculation Agent will adjust any 
relevant terms of the Notes. For information purposes, it is understood that in all cases described

--- Page 213 ---
213 
herein where a Share is substituted, on any date "t", with a Substitute Share, the value of the 
relevant component in the formula used to determine the amount to be paid as described in the 
applicable Final Terms, shall not be affected by the substitution on such date "t" in respect of 
the Substitute Share and would mean the closing price of such Substitute Share on the relevant 
Exchange on the date "t" is weighted by an appropriate linking coefficient so that it is equal to 
the closing price of the Affected Share on such date "t".  
Monetisation means that the Issuer will give notice to the Noteholders that it elects to apply 
Monetisation until the Maturity Date in accordance with the provisions of section 9 below. 
Nationalisation means that all the Shares or all or substantially all of the assets of a Company 
are nationalised, expropriated or are otherwise required to be transferred to any governmental 
agency, authority, entity or instrumentality thereof. 
New Shares means shares (whether of the offeror or a third party) that are listed or quoted on a 
recognised exchange involved in the application of Method of Substitution or Alternative 
Obligation as determined by the Calculation Agent. 
Offering Period means the period from and including the date on which the Merger Event, the 
Delisting Event, the De-merger Event, the Insolvency, the Nationalisation or the Participation 
Event is publicly and officially announced to but excluding the Merger Date or the De-merger 
Date or the effective date of the De-listing Event, the Insolvency, the Nationalisation or the 
Participation Event. 
Other Consideration means cash and/or any securities (other than New Shares) or assets 
(whether of the offeror or a third party). 
Participation Event means that a Company (whose Shares form part of a Basket) takes a stake 
exceeding 20 per cent. of another Company whose Shares (which shall be the Affected Share in 
respect of such Participation Event) also form part of the Basket. 
Share-for-Combined Merger Event means, in respect of a Merger Event, that the 
consideration for the relevant Shares consists of Combined Consideration. 
Share-for-Other Merger Event means, in respect of a Merger Event, that the consideration for 
the relevant Shares consists solely of Other Consideration. 
Share-for-Share Merger Event means, in respect of a Merger Event, that the consideration for 
the relevant Shares consists (or, at the option of the holder of such Shares, may consist) solely 
of New Shares. 
5. 
Stop-Loss Event 
If on any Exchange Business Day between the Initial Observation Date (excluded) or any Initial 
Averaging Date (as applicable)and the last Autocall Observation Date, Strike Determination 
Date, Coupon Observation Date, Relevant Observation Date, Observation Date or the Final 
Observation Date, as applicable (included), the Closing Price of a Share is affected by a decrease 
of 80 per cent. or more of its Closing Price on the initial Observation Date (the Affected Share 
and the event, the Stop-Loss Event), then 
(a) 
the Calculation Agent may decide to substitute the Affected Share by a new share issued 
by a company of a similar international standing or creditworthiness as the Company 
related to the Affected Share (the Substitute Share) and will adjust any relevant terms 
of the Notes accordingly; or 
(b) 
the Calculation Agent may decide to continue with the Affected Share; or 
(c) 
if the Calculation Agent has neither retained any Substitute Share nor decided to 
continue with the Affected Share, the Issuer may either (i) give notice to the 
Noteholders that it elects to apply Monetisation until the Maturity Date in accordance 
with the provisions of section 9 below or (ii) give notice to the Noteholders that it elects

--- Page 214 ---
214 
to redeem the Notes at their Early Redemption Amount, subject always to the terms of 
the Payoff Annex.  
For information purposes, it is understood that in all cases described herein where a Share is 
substituted, on any date "t", with a Substitute Share, the value of the relevant component in the 
formula used to determine the amount to be paid as described in the applicable Final Terms, 
shall not be affected by the substitution on such date "t" in respect of the Substitute Share and 
would mean that the closing price of such Substitute Share on the relevant Exchange on the date 
"t" is weighted by an appropriate linking coefficient so that it is equal to the closing price of the 
Affected Share on such date "t". 
Upon the Calculation Agent making a determination pursuant to this section 5 which results in 
any adjustments of the terms of the Notes, the Issuer shall give notice as soon as practicable to 
Noteholders giving details of such determination. 
6. 
Correction of the Closing Price 
In the event that any price or level of a Share published on the Exchange and which is utilised 
for any calculation or determination made under the Notes is subsequently corrected and the 
correction is published and made available to the public by the Exchange after the original 
publication but no later than four Business Days prior to the Maturity Date (or any payment 
date(s) determined in the applicable Final Terms), the Calculation Agent will determine the 
amount that is payable as a result of that correction, and, to the extent necessary, will adjust the 
terms of the Notes to account for such correction. 
Upon the Calculation Agent making a determination pursuant to this section 6 which results in 
any adjustments of the terms of the Notes, the Issuer shall give notice as soon as practicable to 
Noteholders giving details of such determination. 
7. 
Consequences of an Additional Disruption Event 
(a) 
If "Change in Law", "Hedging Disruption", "Increased Cost of Hedging" and/or 
"Insolvency Filing" (each, an Additional Disruption Event) is specified in the Final 
Terms to be applicable, then upon the occurrence of any such an event the Issuer may: 
(i) 
give notice to the Noteholders that it elects to apply Monetisation until the 
Maturity Date in accordance with the provisions of section 9 below; or 
(ii) 
require the Calculation Agent to make such adjustments to any of the 
Conditions as it considers appropriate in its sole and absolute discretion to 
account for such Additional Disruption Event and determine the date(s) on 
which any such adjustments will be effective; or 
(iii) 
give notice to the Noteholders that it elects to redeem the Notes at their Early 
Redemption Amount, subject always to the terms of the Payoff Annex. 
(b) 
Upon the occurrence of an Additional Disruption Event, the Issuer shall give notice as 
soon as practicable to the Noteholders stating the occurrence of the Additional 
Disruption Event, giving details thereof and the action proposed to be taken in relation 
thereto. 
8. 
Events having a material effect on the Notes 
Notwithstanding, and without prejudice to, the foregoing provisions of this Share Annex, if any 
event (whether or not such event is expressly described or otherwise referred to herein) occurs 
which the Calculation Agent determines, acting in good faith, has a material effect on the Notes, 
then: 
(a) 
the Issuer may give notice to the Noteholders that it elects to apply Monetisation until 
the Maturity Date in accordance with the provisions of section 9 below; or

--- Page 215 ---
215 
(b) 
the Calculation Agent may make such adjustments to any of the Conditions as it 
considers appropriate to account for any such event and determine the date(s) on which 
any such adjustments will be effective; or 
(c) 
the Issuer may, upon giving notice to the Noteholders, redeem all but not some only of 
the Notes, each Note being redeemed at their Early Redemption Amount, subject always 
to the terms of the Payoff Annex. 
Upon the Calculation Agent making a determination pursuant to this section 8 which results in 
any adjustments of the terms of the Notes, the Issuer shall give notice as soon as practicable to 
Noteholders giving details of such determination. 
9. 
Monetisation until the Maturity Date 
(a) 
Following notice by the Issuer to the Noteholder that it elects to apply Monetisation 
until the Maturity Date, the Issuer shall no longer be liable for the payment of (1) the 
Instalment Amount(s) initially scheduled to be paid on each Instalment Date and/or (2) 
the Optional Redemption Amount on the Optional Redemption Date and/or (3) the Final 
Redemption Amount on the Maturity Date, but instead will, in full and final satisfaction 
of its obligations under the Notes, pay on the Maturity Date an amount per Note, 
determined by the Calculation Agent as the result of: 
(i) 
100% of the Specified Denomination of the Note; 
plus 
(ii) 
the Monetisation Payment Amount (which may be a positive amount or a 
negative amount) corresponding to the Monetisation Calculation Amount (1) 
capitalised at the applicable zero-coupon rate (which may be positive or 
negative) from and including the Full Liquidation Date (or, if later and 
applicable, the Optional Full Liquidation Date or the Instalment Full 
Liquidation Date) to but excluding the Maturity Date and (2) apportioned pro 
rata amongst the Specified Denomination of each Note. 
less 
(iii) 
the Associated Costs apportioned pro rata amongst the Specified Denomination 
of each Note (without double counting of any cost taken into account in the 
Monetisation Calculation Amount), 
subject to a minimum of zero. 
The Monetisation Calculation Amount is equal to the net cash amount that the Issuer 
or any of its affiliates would be left with (in which case the Monetisation Calculation 
Amount will be expressed as a positive amount) or would have to pay (in which case 
the Monetisation Calculation Amount will be expressed as a negative amount) on the 
Instalment Full Liquidation Date (and, if applicable, the Optional Full Liquidation Date 
and/or the Instalment Full Liquidation Date), as a result of liquidating the Hedge 
Positions (and, if applicable, Optional Hedge Positions and/or the Instalment Hedge 
Positions) (inter alia by satisfying any obligations or liabilities in place with respect to 
or part of such Hedge Positions (and, if applicable, Optional Hedge Positions and/or 
Instalment Hedge Positions), if any, with the liquidation proceeds of the assets of the 
Hedge Positions (and, if applicable, Optional Hedge Positions and/or Instalment Hedge 
Positions)), the result of which, converted if necessary into the Specified Currency using 
the Relevant Spot Exchange Rate on the Full Liquidation Date or, if later and applicable, 
the Optional Full Liquidation Date or the Instalment Full Liquidation Date. 
(b) 
Definitions specific to the Monetisation until the Maturity Date 
"Associated Costs" means an amount determined by the Calculation Agent in its 
reasonable discretion equal to the sum of (without duplication) all costs (including,

--- Page 216 ---
216 
without limitation, cost of funding), losses, expenses, tax and duties incurred by the 
Issuer or any of its affiliates in connection with the termination, liquidation or re-
establishment of the Intermediate Hedge Positions, the Optional Hedge Positions, 
and/or the Hedge Positions, as the case may be. 
"Full Liquidation Date" means, in respect of the Maturity Date, the date on which the 
liquidation proceeds of the Hedge Positions (including inter alia by satisfying any 
obligations or liabilities in place with respect to or part of such Hedge Positions, if any, 
with the liquidation proceeds of the assets of such Hedge Positions) are deemed, as 
determined by the Calculation Agent, to be fully received by the Issuer or any of its 
affiliates. 
"Hedge Positions" means any purchase, sale, entry into or maintenance, by the Issuer 
or any of its affiliates, of one or more (a) positions or contracts in securities, options, 
futures, derivatives, interest rate transactions or foreign exchange transactions, 
(b) securities lending/borrowing transactions, (c) cash deposits or cash borrowings 
and/or (d) other instruments, arrangements, assets or liabilities howsoever described, in 
order to hedge individually or on a portfolio basis, the part of the Issuer’s obligations 
under the Notes linked to or indexed to the relevant Share or Basket of Shares, as 
applicable, due on the Maturity Date provided that, if the Instalment Full Liquidation 
Date and/or the Optional Full Liquidation Date has not occurred on or before the fourth 
Business Day preceding the Maturity Date, then Hedge Positions will include the 
Instalment Hedge Positions and/or the Optional Hedge Positions, if applicable. 
"Instalment Full Liquidation Date" means, in respect of any Instalment Payment 
Date, the date on which the liquidation proceeds of the Instalment Hedge Positions 
(including inter alia by satisfying any obligations or liabilities in place with respect to 
or part of such Intermediate Hedge Positions, if any, with the liquidation proceeds of 
the assets of such Instalment Hedge Positions) are deemed, as determined by the 
Calculation Agent, to be fully received by the Issuer or any of its affiliates. 
"Instalment Hedge Positions" means any purchase, sale, entry into or maintenance, by 
the Issuer or any of its affiliates, of one or more (a) positions or contracts in securities, 
options, futures, derivatives, interest rate transactions or foreign exchange transactions, 
(b) securities lending/borrowing transactions, (c) cash deposits or cash borrowings 
and/or (d) other instruments, arrangements, assets or liabilities howsoever described, in 
order to hedge individually or on a portfolio basis, the part of the Issuer’s obligations 
under the Notes linked to or indexed to the Share or Basket of Shares, as applicable, due 
on an Instalment Date. 
"Optional Full Liquidation Date" means, in respect of an Optional Redemption Date, 
the date on which the liquidation proceeds of the Optional Hedge Positions (including 
inter alia by satisfying any obligations or liabilities in place with respect to or part of 
such Optional Hedge Positions, if any, with the liquidation proceeds of the assets of 
such Optional Hedge Positions) are deemed, as determined by the Calculation Agent, 
to be fully received by the Issuer or any of its affiliates. 
"Optional Hedge Positions" means any purchase, sale, entry into or maintenance, by 
the Issuer or any of its affiliates, of one or more (a) positions or contracts in securities, 
options, futures, derivatives, interest rate transactions or foreign exchange transactions, 
(b) securities lending/borrowing transactions, (c) cash deposits or cash borrowings 
and/or (d) other instruments, arrangements, assets or liabilities howsoever described, in 
order to hedge individually or on a portfolio basis, the part of the Issuer’s obligations 
under the Notes linked to or indexed to the Share or Basket of Shares, as applicable, due 
on an Optional Redemption Date. 
"Relevant Spot Exchange Rate" means in respect of a date and an amount to be 
converted into the Specified Currency, the rate of exchange of the currency in which 
such amount is denominated into the Specified Currency used to convert such amount 
on such date into the Specified Currency as determined by the Calculation Agent.

--- Page 217 ---
217 
10. 
Physical Settlement  
(a) 
Delivery and payment 
(i) 
If "Physical Settlement" is specified as being applicable in the applicable Final 
Terms, then, upon a redemption of the Notes in accordance with Note Condition 
6(a), the Issuer, or any third party appointed at its discretion, shall, on or prior 
to the related Physical Settlement Date and subject to section 10(a)(ii), section 
10(b) (Partial Cash Settlement Due to Impossibility, Impracticality or 
Illegality), section 10(c) (Non-Delivery of Shares) and section 10(e) (Asset 
Transfer Notice) below, redeem such Share Linked Note or, in the case of Share 
Linked Notes linked to a Basket of Shares, the relevant portion thereof 
determined in accordance with section 10(g) (Basket Share Linked Notes), 
below respectively, by Delivering the Physical Settlement Amount in lieu of 
paying the Final Redemption Amount or Instalment Amount, as the case may 
be. In the event the Number of Shares comprises any Fractional Share, the 
Physical Settlement Amount to be Delivered in respect of each Note will 
include only the Number of Shares to be Delivered and a Fractional Share 
Amount will be payable by the Issuer to the relevant Noteholder in lieu of such 
Fractional Share. 
(ii) 
If "Cash or Physical Settlement" is specified as being applicable in the relevant 
Final Terms, then (A) the provisions of this Share Linked Condition 10 shall 
only apply in the circumstances specified by the Final Terms and (B) the Final 
Terms shall specify the circumstances in which the Share Linked Notes will be 
redeemed by way of Delivery of the Physical Settlement Amount (as 
determined in accordance with these Share Linked Conditions) in lieu of the 
payment of the Final Redemption Amount or Instalment, as the case may be. 
Such circumstances may be determined by reference to the Payoff Conditions 
(or any part thereof) which are specified as being applicable in the Final Terms 
relating to such Share Linked Notes for the purposes of determining the Final 
Redemption Amount or the Instalment. 
(iii) 
If (A) either "Physical Settlement" or "Cash or Physical Settlement" is specified 
as being applicable in the applicable Final Terms and (B) the Issuer determines 
(in its sole discretion) that there is a Dividend Amount, the Issuer will, in 
addition to Delivery of the Physical Settlement Amount and payment of any 
Fractional Share Amount in accordance with section 10(a)(i) above, pay to each 
Noteholder the Dividend Pass-through Amount on, or as soon as practicable 
after, the date on which such Delivery takes place. 
For the purpose of the above: 
Dividend Amount means any amount received (after taking into account any 
withholding or deduction for or on account of taxes and duties but not including any tax 
credits) by the Issuer and/or any of its affiliates pursuant to a Hedge Transaction on 
account of a dividend paid in relation to a Share which forms part of the Physical 
Settlement Amount in the period from, but excluding, the Observation Date relating to 
the relevant redemption date of the Notes (or if there is no such Observation Date, such 
other date as is determined by the Calculation Agent) to, but excluding, the date on 
which Delivery of the Physical Settlement Amount takes place and converted where 
necessary into the Settlement Currency using the Currency Rate. 
Dividend Pass-through Amount means an amount, per Specified Denomination, equal 
to a pro rata share of the Dividend Amount provided that the Dividend Pass-through

--- Page 218 ---
218 
Amount shall be zero where (i) some or all of the Notes are redeemed by payment of 
the Partial Cash Settlement Amount or (ii) the Notes are due to be redeemed by way of 
payment of the Final Redemption Amount or Instalment. 
Hedge Transaction means any transaction(s) or asset(s) deemed necessary by the 
Issuer and/or any of its affiliates and which is entered into or acquired by such party 
solely to hedge the equity price risk in relation to the Issuer issuing and performing its 
obligations with respect to the Notes. 
(b) 
Partial Cash Settlement Due to Impossibility, Impracticality or Illegality 
If, due to an event beyond the control of the Issuer, it is in the opinion of the Calculation 
Agent, impossible (including, without limitation, as a result of a Settlement Disruption 
Event), impractical (including, without limitation, due to the Issuer receiving 
insufficient or incorrect account or transfer information or there is illiquidity in the 
market for the Shares) or illegal for the Issuer to Deliver or, due to an event beyond the 
control of the Issuer or any Noteholder, it is in the opinion of the Calculation Agent 
impossible, impractical or illegal for the Issuer or the relevant Noteholder to accept 
Delivery of all the Shares on the related Physical Settlement Date, then on such date the 
Issuer shall Deliver any of the Shares for which it is possible, practicable and legal to 
take Delivery and will continue to attempt to Deliver any Shares not so Delivered until 
the Latest Permissible Physical Settlement Date. If any Undeliverable Shares have not 
been Delivered on or prior to the Latest Permissible Physical Settlement Date, then 
partial cash settlement shall apply with respect to the Share(s) and, accordingly, the 
Issuer shall pay the relevant Noteholders an amount equal to the Partial Cash Settlement 
Amount to be apportioned amongst the relevant Noteholders on the Partial Cash 
Settlement Date. 
(c) 
Non-Delivery of Shares 
If (a) the Issuer does not Deliver any Share other than as a result of an event or 
circumstance contemplated in section 10(b) (Partial Cash Settlement Due to 
Impossibility, Impracticality or Illegality) above or (b) the Noteholder fails to comply 
with the procedures set out in this Share Linked Condition 10, such failure shall not 
constitute an event of default for the purpose of the Notes and the Issuer may continue 
to attempt to Deliver the Share until the Latest Permissible Physical Settlement Date. 
If, as at the relevant Latest Permissible Physical Settlement Date, the relevant Share has 
not been Delivered, then partial cash settlement shall apply with respect to such Share 
and the Issuer shall pay to the Noteholders an amount equal to the Partial Cash 
Settlement Amount to be apportioned pro rata amongst the Noteholders on the Partial 
Cash Settlement Date. 
(d) 
Delivery and Fees 
The Delivery of any of the Shares pursuant to the provisions of this Share Linked 
Condition 10 shall be made in such commercially reasonable manner as the Issuer shall, 
in its sole discretion, determine to be appropriate for such Delivery. Subject as set out 
in the definition of "Deliver", all expenses including, without limitation, any applicable 
depository charges, transaction or exercise charges, stamp duty, stamp duty reserve tax 
and/or other taxes or duties (together the Delivery Expenses) arising from the Delivery 
and/or transfer of the Physical Settlement Amount shall be for the account of the 
relevant Noteholder and no Delivery and/or transfer of the Physical Settlement Amount 
shall be made until all Delivery Expenses have been paid to the satisfaction of the 
Delivery Agent by the relevant Noteholder.

--- Page 219 ---
219 
Delivery and/or transfer of the Shares shall be delayed until all expenses relating to such 
Delivery or transfer payable by the Noteholders have been paid to the satisfaction of 
the Issuer. 
(e) 
Asset Transfer Notice 
A Noteholder will not be entitled to any of the amounts or assets specified as being due 
to it in this Share Linked Condition 10 unless it has complied with section 10(f) 
(Physical Settlement Procedures) below. For so long as the Share Linked Notes are held 
in any clearing system, any communication from such clearing system on behalf of the 
Noteholder containing the information required in an Asset Transfer Notice will be 
treated as an Asset Transfer Notice. For as long as Notes are represented by a Global 
Note, surrender of Share Linked Notes for such purpose will be effected by presentation 
of the Global Note and its endorsement to Note the nominal amount of Share Linked 
Notes to which the relevant Asset Transfer Notice relates. 
(f) 
Physical Settlement Procedures 
(i) 
Procedure by Noteholders 
If "Physical Settlement" or "Cash or Physical Settlement" is specified to be 
applicable in the applicable Final Terms, any Delivery of Shares in respect of 
the Physical Settlement Amount shall be in accordance with any applicable 
securities laws and the provisions set out in this section 10(f). 
(A) 
In order to receive the Physical Settlement Amount, the relevant 
Noteholder shall (or shall procure that a depository, custodian or 
entity with which it has a similar relationship in respect of the Notes 
shall on its behalf), (I) at least three (3) Business Days, or such other 
number of Business Days as may be specified in the applicable Final 
Terms, or (II) such lesser number of Business Days determined by the 
Issuer in its sole discretion and notified to Noteholders in respect of 
the relevant Series of Notes, in each case prior to the Physical 
Settlement Date: 
(I) 
if the Share Linked Notes are represented by a Global Note, 
present a notice to Euroclear and/or Clearstream, as the case 
may be, with a copy to any Paying Agent, as the case may be, 
and the Issuer, via the EUCLID System or any equivalent or 
successor system (a EUCLID Notice); or 
(II) 
if the Share Linked Note is in definitive form, surrender to the 
Paying Agent the Definitive Note (which expression shall, for 
the purposes of this 10(f), include Receipt(s) and, if 
applicable, all unmatured Coupons, in accordance with the 
provisions of Note Condition 5 (Payments)), a completed 
Asset Transfer Notice substantially in the form set out in the 
Agency Agreement (the Asset Transfer Notice) (a copy of 
which may be obtained from the specified office of any of the 
Paying Agents) with a copy to the Issuer. 
(B) 
Each of a EUCLID Notice and an Asset Transfer Notice, as the case 
may be, is referred to herein as a Notice. 
(C) 
The EUCLID Notice referred to above must:

--- Page 220 ---
220 
(I) 
specify the name and address of the relevant Noteholder and 
the person from whom the Delivery Agent may obtain details 
for the Delivery of the Physical Settlement Amount; 
(II) 
specify the number of Share Linked Notes which are the 
subject of such notice and the number of the Noteholder's 
account at Euroclear or Clearstream, as the case may be, to be 
debited with such Share Linked Notes; 
(III) 
irrevocably instruct and authorise Euroclear or Clearstream, 
as the case may be, to debit the relevant Noteholder's account 
with such Share Linked Notes on the date on which such 
Share Linked Notes are redeemed in accordance with Share 
Linked Condition 10(a) (Delivery and payment); 
(IV) 
provide the Noteholder's certification whether it is a U.S. 
person, or a person acting on behalf of a U.S. person, or a 
person within the United States (as such terms are defined in 
Regulation S under the Notes Act); and 
(V) 
authorise the production of such notice in any applicable 
administrative or legal proceedings. 
(D) 
The Asset Transfer Notice referred to above must: 
(I) 
specify the name and address of the person from whom the 
Delivery Agent may obtain details for Delivery of the 
Physical Settlement Amount; 
(II) 
authorise the production of such notice in any applicable 
administrative or legal proceedings; and 
(III) 
provide the Noteholder's certification whether it is a U.S. 
person, or a person acting on behalf of a U.S. person, or a 
person within the United States (as such terms are defined in 
Regulation S under the Notes Act). 
(E) 
No Notice may be withdrawn after receipt thereof by Euroclear or 
Clearstream, the Paying Agent or the Issuer, as the case may be. 
(F) 
After delivery of such Notice, the relevant Noteholder may not transfer 
the Share Linked Notes, which are the subject of such Notice, and no 
transfers of the Share Linked Notes specified therein represented by a 
Global Note will be effected by Euroclear and/or Clearstream. 
(G) 
Any determination as to whether a notice is valid and has been properly 
completed and delivered as provided in this section 10(f) shall be made 
by Euroclear or Clearstream or the Issuer, as the case may be, after 
consultation with the Delivery Agent and shall be conclusive and 
binding on the Issuer and the relevant Noteholder. 
(ii) 
Procedure by the Issuer and others 
Upon receipt of a duly completed Notice and (in the case of Share Linked Notes 
in definitive form) the Definitive Note to which such Notice relates, the relevant 
Paying Agent, Euroclear or Clearstream, as the case may be, shall verify that

--- Page 221 ---
221 
the person specified therein as the accountholder is the holder of the Share 
Linked Notes referred to therein according to its books. 
Subject as provided herein, in relation to each Share Linked Note, the Physical 
Settlement Amount will be Delivered at the risk of the relevant Noteholder in 
such commercially reasonable manner as the Delivery Agent shall, in its sole 
discretion, determine to be appropriate for such delivery on the Physical 
Settlement Date for the Share Linked Notes, provided that the relevant Share 
Linked Note in definitive form and the Notice are delivered not later than the 
close of business in Luxembourg on the date (the Notice Cut-Off Date) which 
is five (5) Business Days (or such other number of Business Days as may be 
specified in the applicable Final Terms) before the Physical Settlement Date. 
(iii) 
Delay or Failure to Deliver Notice 
If the Notice and, in the case of Share Linked Notes in definitive form, the 
Definitive Note to which such Notice relates, are delivered to the Issuer later 
than close of business on the Notice Cut-Off Date, then the Physical Settlement 
Amount will be delivered as soon as practicable after the due date for 
redemption of the Share Linked Notes, at the risk of such Noteholder. 
For the avoidance of doubt, without prejudice to section 10(a) (Delivery and 
payment) above, such Noteholder shall not be entitled to any payment or other 
assets, whether of interest or otherwise, in the event of the Delivery of the 
Physical Settlement Amount falling after the due date for redemption of the 
Share Linked Notes pursuant to the provisions of this section 10(f) or otherwise 
due to circumstances beyond the control of the Issuer. 
If the relevant Noteholder fails to validly deliver a Notice, or procure that a 
notice is validly delivered on its behalf, in the manner set out in these 
Conditions or delivers a Notice, or procures that a Notice is delivered, on any 
day falling after the day that is 180 calendar days after the Notice Cut-Off Date 
or, in the case of Share Linked Notes in definitive form, fails to deliver the 
Definitive Note related thereto, or procure that such Definitive Note is 
delivered, or fails to pay the expenses referred to in section 10(d) (Delivery and 
Fees), the Issuer shall be discharged from its obligation in respect of such Share 
Linked Note and shall have no further obligation or liability whatsoever in 
respect thereof. 
(iv) 
Delivery at risk of Noteholder 
Delivery of the Physical Settlement Amount by the Issuer to the Noteholder 
shall be at the risk of the Noteholder and no additional payment or delivery will 
be due to a Noteholder where the Physical Settlement Amount is delivered after 
its due date in circumstances beyond the control of either the Issuer or the 
Delivery Agent. 
(v) 
No further liability of Issuer 
After delivery of the Physical Settlement Amount by the Issuer to a Noteholder 
pursuant to this section 10(f) but prior to the time when the Noteholder (or his 
designee) becomes the holder of the relevant Share (the Intervening Period), 
neither the Issuer nor its agent or nominee shall (i) be under any obligation to 
deliver to such Noteholder or any subsequent beneficial owner of such relevant 
Share any letter, Note, notice, circular, dividend or any other document or

--- Page 222 ---
222 
payment whatsoever received by the Issuer or its agent or nominee in its 
capacity as the holder of such relevant Share, (ii) exercise any or all rights 
(including voting rights) attaching to such relevant Share during the Intervening 
Period nor be under any obligation to exercise any such rights during the 
Intervening Period (either on its own behalf or on behalf of any Noteholder or 
any subsequent beneficial owner of such relevant Share), or (iii) be under any 
liability to such Noteholder or any subsequent beneficial owner of such relevant 
Share in respect of any loss or damage which such Noteholder or subsequent 
beneficial owner may sustain or suffer as a result, whether directly or indirectly, 
of the Issuer or its agent or nominee being registered during such Intervening 
Period as legal owner of such relevant Share. 
(vi) 
Escrow 
If Escrow is specified in relation to a Share as applicable, either the Issuer or 
any Noteholder may require that Physical Settlement take place through the use 
of an Escrow Agent (in the case of any such request by a Noteholder, solely in 
relation to the Notes held by such Noteholder). Any costs or expenses incurred 
in connection with establishing such escrow arrangement shall be borne by the 
relevant Noteholder. 
(g) 
Basket Share Linked Notes 
If the Share Linked Notes are linked to a Basket of Shares, then the provisions of this 
section 10 relating to physical settlement of Share Linked Notes shall apply to each 
Share Linked Note with respect to each Share separately unless provided otherwise in 
this section 10. The remaining provisions of these Share Linked Conditions shall be 
construed accordingly. 
11. 
Definitions  
Asset Transfer Notice has the meaning given to such term in section 10(f) (Physical Settlement 
Procedures) above. 
Autocall Observation Date means each date specified as such or otherwise determined in 
accordance with the Final Terms (or, if such date is not a Scheduled Trading Day, the next 
following Scheduled Trading Day), in each case, subject to the provisions of section 2 above. 
Basket means a basket containing the Shares specified in the applicable Final Terms. 
Change in Law means that, on or after the Issue Date, (A) due to the adoption of or any change 
in any applicable law or regulation (including, without limitation, any tax law), or (B) due to the 
promulgation of or any change in the interpretation by any court, tribunal or regulatory authority 
with competent jurisdiction of any applicable law or regulation (including any action taken by 
a taxing authority), the Issuer determines in its sole and absolute discretion that it has become 
illegal to hold, acquire or dispose of relevant hedge positions relating to the Share or Basket of 
Shares, as applicable. 
Clearance System means the clearance system specified as such for such Share in the Final 
Terms or any successor to such clearance system as determined by the Calculation Agent. If the 
Final Terms does not specify a Clearance System, the Clearance System will be the principal 
domestic clearance system customarily used for settling trades in the relevant Share. If the 
Clearance System ceases to settle trades in such Share, the Calculation Agent will determine 
what is deemed to be the relevant Clearance System. 
Company means, in respect of a Share, the issuer of such Share.

--- Page 223 ---
223 
Coupon Observation Date means each date specified as such or otherwise determined in 
accordance with the Final Terms (or, if such date is not a Scheduled Trading Day, the next 
following Scheduled Trading Day), in each case, subject to the provisions of section 2 above. 
Currency Rate means with respect to the relevant Share, the rate of conversion between the 
Settlement Currency and the Share Currency. The relevant rate shall be the rate displayed on 
the Currency Screen Page as of the Currency Specified Date at the Currency Specified Time or, 
if no such Currency Screen Page is specified in the applicable Final Terms or such Currency 
Screen Page is not available, the relevant rate shall be the rate determined by the Calculation 
Agent in good faith and in a commercially reasonable manner. 
Currency Screen Page means the relevant screen page specified in the applicable Final Terms 
for the purpose of determining the relevant exchange rate or, if no such Currency Screen Page 
is specified in the applicable Final Terms, the screen page determined by the Calculation Agent 
in good faith and in commercially reasonable manner. 
Currency Specified Date means the date specified in the applicable Final Terms for the purpose 
of determining the relevant exchange rate or, if no such Currency Specified Date is specified in 
the applicable Final Terms, the date determined by the Calculation Agent in good faith and in 
commercially reasonable manner. 
Currency Specified Time means the time specified in the applicable Final Terms for the 
purpose of determining the relevant exchange rate or, if no such Currency Specified Time is 
specified in the applicable Final Terms, the specified time determined by the Calculation Agent 
in good faith and in commercially reasonable manner. 
Deliver means to deliver, novate, transfer, assign or sell, as appropriate, in the manner 
customary for the settlement of the applicable Share (which shall include executing all necessary 
documentation and taking any other necessary actions), in order to convey all right, title and 
interest in the Share, to the Issuer or the Noteholders, as the case may be, free and clear of any 
and all liens, charges, claims or encumbrances (including, without limitation, any counterclaim, 
defence or right of set-off by or of the relevant Company. Delivered and Delivery will be 
construed accordingly. 
Delivery Agent means the entity specified as such in the applicable Final Terms or, if no such 
entity is specified, the Issuer. 
Delivery Expenses means applicable depository charges, transaction or exercise charges, stamp 
duty, stamp duty reserve tax and/or other taxes or duties arising from the Delivery and/or transfer 
of Shares. 
Disrupted Day means, in respect of a Share (or, in the case of a Basket of Shares, in respect of 
any Share comprising the Basket and observed separately), any Scheduled Trading Day on 
which (a) a relevant Exchange or Related Exchange fails to open for trading during its regular 
trading session or (b) a Market Disruption Event has occurred. 
Escrow Agent means an independent third party financial institution (a) specified by the Issuer 
prior to the Physical Settlement Date or (b) specified in the applicable Final Terms, in each case 
subject to the terms of the escrow arrangement. 
Exchange(s) means, in respect of a Share, the corresponding exchange or quotation system 
specified in the applicable Final Terms, or any successor exchange or quotation system or any 
substitute exchange or quotation system to which trading in the Share, has temporarily relocated 
(provided that the Calculation Agent has determined that there is comparable liquidity relative 
to such Share, on such temporary substitute exchange or quotation system as on the original 
Exchange).

--- Page 224 ---
224 
Exchange Business Day means either (i) in the case of a single Share, Exchange Business Day 
(Single Share Basis) or (ii) in the case of a Basket of Shares, (a) the Exchange Business Day 
(All Share Basis) or (b) the Exchange Business Day (Per Share Basis) as specified in the 
applicable Final Terms. If no Exchange Business Day is specified as applying in the applicable 
Final Terms, Exchange Business Day (All Share Basis) shall be deemed to apply for a Basket 
of Shares and Exchange Business Day (Single Share Basis) shall apply otherwise. 
Exchange Business Day (All Share Basis) means, in respect of all Shares, any Scheduled 
Trading Day on which each Exchange and each Related Exchange are open for trading during 
their respective regular trading sessions, notwithstanding any such Exchange or Related 
Exchange closing prior to its Scheduled Closing Time. 
Exchange Business Day (Per Share Basis) means, in respect of a Share, any Scheduled 
Trading Day on which the relevant Exchange and Related Exchange in respect of such Share 
are open for trading during their respective regular trading sessions, notwithstanding any such 
Exchange or Related Exchange closing prior to its Scheduled Closing Time. 
Exchange Business Day (Single Share Basis) means any Scheduled Trading Day on which the 
relevant Exchange and the relevant Related Exchange, if any, are open for trading during their 
respective regular trading session(s), notwithstanding any such relevant Exchange or relevant 
Related Exchange closing prior to their Scheduled Closing Time. 
Final Observation Date means the date specified as such or otherwise determined in 
accordance with the Final Terms (or, if such date is not a Scheduled Trading Day, the next 
following Scheduled Trading Day), in each case, subject to the provisions of section 2 above. 
Fractional Share means, per Specified Denomination, any fraction of a Share arising from 
determining the Number of Shares. Unless otherwise specified in the Final Terms, the Fractional 
Share will be rounded down to three decimal places closer. 
Fractional Share Amount means an amount, per Specified Denomination, equal to the product 
of the Fractional Share and the relevant Settlement Price attributable to the relevant Share on 
the Observation Date related to the relevant Maturity Date, early redemption date or Instalment 
Date of the Notes, as applicable, converted where necessary into the Settlement Currency using 
the Currency Rate (or, if there is no such Observation Date, such other date as is determined by 
the Calculation Agent). 
Full Quotation means a firm bid quotation obtained from a Share Dealer at the Quotation 
Valuation Time, to the extent reasonably practicable, for a number of Undeliverable Shares 
equal to the Quotation Amount. 
Hedging Disruption means that the Issuer is unable, after using commercially reasonable 
efforts, to (1) acquire, establish, re-establish, substitute, maintain, unwind or dispose of any 
transaction(s) or asset(s) it deems necessary to hedge the inflation price risk or any other relevant 
price risk including but not limited to the currency risk of the Issuer in issuing and performing 
its obligations with respect to the Notes, or (2) freely realise, recover, remit, receive, repatriate 
or transfer the proceeds of any such transaction(s) or asset(s). 
Increased Cost of Hedging means that the Issuer would incur a materially increased (as 
compared with circumstances existing on the Issue Date) amount of tax, duty, expense or fee 
(other than brokerage commissions) to (i) acquire, establish, re-establish, substitute, maintain, 
unwind or dispose of any transaction(s) or asset(s) it deems necessary to hedge the market risk 
(including, without limitation, inflation price risk, foreign exchange risk and interest rate risk) 
of the Issuer in issuing and performing its obligations with respect to the Notes, or (ii) realise, 
recover or remit the proceeds of any such transaction(s) or asset(s), provided that any such 
materially increased amount that is incurred solely due to the deterioration of the 
creditworthiness of the Issuer shall not be deemed an Increased Cost of Hedging.

--- Page 225 ---
225 
Initial Averaging Date means each date specified as such or otherwise determined in 
accordance with the Final Terms (or, if such date is not a Scheduled Trading Day, the next 
following Scheduled Trading Day), in each case, subject to the provisions of section 2 above. 
Initial Observation Date means the date specified as such or otherwise determined in 
accordance with the Final Terms (or, if such date is not a Scheduled Trading Day, the next 
following Scheduled Trading Day), in each case, subject to the provisions of section 2 above. 
Insolvency Filing means that the Company institutes or has instituted against it by a regulator, 
supervisor or any similar official with primary insolvency, rehabilitative or regulatory 
jurisdiction over it in the jurisdiction of its incorporation or organization or the jurisdiction of 
its head or home office, or it consents to a proceeding seeking a judgment of insolvency or 
bankruptcy or any other relief under any bankruptcy or insolvency law or other similar law 
affecting creditors' rights, or a petition is presented for its winding-up or liquidation by it or such 
regulator, supervisor or similar official or it consents to such a petition, provided that 
proceedings instituted or petitions presented by creditors and not consented to by the Issuer shall 
not be deemed an Insolvency Filing. 
Latest Permissible Physical Settlement Date means, 150 calendar days following the Physical 
Settlement Date (or any earlier date designated by the Calculation Agent following any 
determination by the Calculation Agent that the Issuer, or the Delivery Agent on its behalf, is or 
will be unable to, or it will be impossible, impractical or illegal for the Issuer or the Delivery 
Agent on its behalf to, Deliver all or any portion of the Shares). 
Market Disruption Event means, in respect of a Share, the occurrence or existence of (a) a 
Trading Disruption, (b) an Exchange Disruption which, in either case, the Calculation Agent 
determines is material, at any time during the one hour period that ends at the relevant Valuation 
Time or (c) an Early Closure. For the purpose hereof: 
(a) 
Trading Disruption means, in respect of a Share, any suspension of or limitation 
imposed on trading by the relevant Exchange or Related Exchange or otherwise and 
whether by reason of movements in price exceeding limits permitted by the relevant 
Exchange or Related Exchange or otherwise (i) relating to the Share on the Exchange 
or (ii) in futures or options contracts relating to the Share on any relevant Related 
Exchange; 
(b) 
Exchange Disruption means, in respect of a Share, any event (other than an Early 
Closure) that disrupts or impairs (as determined by the Calculation Agent) the ability 
of market participants in general to effect transactions in, or obtain market values for 
(i) the Share on the Exchange, or (ii) futures or options contracts relating to the Share 
on any relevant Related Exchange; 
(c) 
Early Closure means, the closure on any Exchange Business Day of (i) the relevant 
Exchange, or (ii) any Related Exchange, prior to its Scheduled Closing Time unless 
such earlier closing is announced by such Exchange or Related Exchange (as the case 
may be) at least one hour prior to the earlier of (x) the actual closing time for the regular 
trading session on such Exchange or Related Exchange (as the case may be) on such 
Exchange Business Day and (y) the submission deadline for orders to be entered into 
the Exchange or Related Exchange system for execution at the relevant Valuation Time 
on such Exchange Business Day. 
Number of Shares means: 
(a) 
in relation to a Share Linked Note linked to one single Share: 
(i) 
the number of relevant Shares per Specified Denomination specified as a 
number in the Final Terms;

--- Page 226 ---
226 
(ii) 
if the applicable Final Terms provides that the Number of Shares is determined 
by 
reference 
to 
"Calculation 
Agent 
Determination 
– 
Specified 
Denomination", the number of Shares, determined by the Calculation Agent, 
resulting from dividing the Specified Denomination by (A) the relevant 
Physical Settlement Share Price or (B) if no Physical Settlement Share Price is 
specified in the Final Terms, the relevant Settlement Price (or a percentage of 
such relevant Settlement Price) attributable to the relevant Share on the relevant 
Observation Date (as specified in the applicable Final Terms) converted where 
necessary into the Settlement Currency using the Currency Rate (or, if there is 
no such Observation Date, such other date as determined by the Calculation 
Agent); 
(iii) 
if the applicable Final Terms provides that the Number of Shares is determined 
by reference to "Calculation Agent Determination – Final Redemption 
Amount / Instalment Amount", the number of Shares, determined by the 
Calculation Agent, resulting from dividing the Final Redemption Amount or 
Instalment Amount, as the case may be, calculated per Specified Denomination 
by (A) the relevant Physical Settlement Share Price or (B) if no Physical 
Settlement Share Price is specified in the Final Terms, the relevant Settlement 
Price (or a percentage of such relevant Settlement Price) attributable to the 
relevant Share on the relevant Observation Date (as specified in the applicable 
Final Terms) converted where necessary into the Settlement Currency using the 
Currency Rate (or, if there is no such Observation Date, such other date as 
determined by the Calculation Agent); or 
(iv) 
such other determination as is specified in the Final Terms; and 
(b) 
in relation to a Share Linked Note linked to a Basket of Shares and for each Share 
comprised in the Basket: 
(i) 
the number of relevant Shares in the Basket per Specified Denomination 
specified as a number in the Final Terms; 
(ii) 
if the applicable Final Terms provides that the Number of Shares is determined 
by 
reference 
to 
"Calculation 
Agent 
Determination 
– 
Specified 
Denomination", for each Share, the number of Shares, determined by the 
Calculation Agent, resulting from dividing the Specified Denomination (or, if a 
Weighting is expressed to be applicable to the relevant Share in the Final Terms, 
the product of the Specified Denomination and the applicable Weighting) by 
(A) the relevant Physical Settlement Share Price or (B) if no Physical Settlement 
Share Price is specified in the Final Terms, the relevant Settlement Price (or a 
percentage of such Settlement Price) attributable to the relevant Share on the 
relevant Observation Date (as specified in the applicable Final Terms) 
converted where necessary into the Settlement Currency using the Currency 
Rate (or, if there is no such Observation Date, such other date as determined by 
the Calculation Agent); 
(iii) 
if the applicable Final Terms provides that the Number of Shares is determined 
by reference to "Calculation Agent Determination – Final Redemption 
Amount / Instalment Amount", for each Share, the number of Shares, 
determined by the Calculation Agent, resulting from dividing the Final 
Redemption Amount or Instalment Amount, as the case may be, calculated per 
Specified Denomination (or, if a Weighting is expressed to be applicable to the 
relevant Share in the Final Terms, the product of the Final Redemption Amount 
or Instalment Amount, as the case may be, and the applicable Weighting) by

--- Page 227 ---
227 
(A) the relevant Physical Settlement Share Price or (B) if no Physical Settlement 
Share Price is specified in the Final Terms, the relevant Settlement Price (or a 
percentage of such Settlement Price) attributable to the relevant Share on the 
relevant Observation Date (as specified in the applicable Final Terms) 
converted where necessary into the Settlement Currency using the Currency 
Rate (or, if there is no such Observation Date, such other date as determined by 
the Calculation Agent); or 
(iv) 
such other determination as specified in the Final Terms. 
Number of Shares to be Delivered means the Number of Shares, rounded down to the lower 
whole Share. 
Observation Date means each date specified as such or otherwise determined in accordance 
with the Final Terms (or, if such date is not a Scheduled Trading Day, the next following 
Scheduled Trading Day), in each case, subject to the provisions of section 2 above. 
Partial Cash Settlement Amount means an amount determined by the Calculation Agent equal 
to the Realisable Amount determined for each Undeliverable Share. 
Partial Cash Settlement Date means, in relation to an Undeliverable Share, the date falling 
three (3) Exchange Business Days after the determination of the realisable value of such 
Undeliverable Share or such other date falling such number of Exchange Business Days after 
the determination of the Realisable Amount as is specified in the applicable Final Terms. 
Physical Settlement Amount means, in respect of the relevant Share, the Number of Shares. 
For the avoidance of doubt, the Shares which constitute the Physical Settlement Amount shall 
not be Shares of the Issuer or any member of the Issuer's Group. 
Physical Settlement Date means the last day of the Physical Settlement Period, as specified in 
the applicable Final Terms in relation to a Share where such Physical Settlement Period starts 
on the Maturity Date or Instalment Date, as the case may be, or such other date specified in the 
Final Terms. 
Physical Settlement Period means, in respect of a Share, the number of Exchange Business 
Days specified as such in the Final Terms or, if a number of Exchange Business Days is not so 
specified, then the longest number of Exchange Business Days for settlement in accordance with 
then current market practice of such Share, as determined by the Calculation Agent. 
Physical Settlement Share Price means, in respect of a Share, the price (or a percentage of 
such price) as specified in the applicable Final Terms. 
Quotation means, in respect of an Undeliverable Share, each Full Quotation or Weighted 
Average Quotation, as the case may be, obtained and expressed as an amount payable for the 
Quotation Amount, with respect to a Relevant Valuation Date in the manner that follows: 
(a) 
the Calculation Agent shall attempt to obtain Full Quotations with respect to the 
Relevant Valuation Date from three (3) or more Share Dealers. If the Calculation Agent 
is unable to obtain two (2) or more such Full Quotations on the same Exchange Business 
Day within three (3) Exchange Business Days of the Relevant Valuation Date, then on 
the next following Exchange Business Day (and, if necessary, on each Exchange 
Business Day thereafter until the tenth (10th) Exchange Business Day following the 
applicable Relevant Valuation Date) the Calculation Agent shall attempt to obtain Full 
Quotations from three (3) or more Share Dealers and, if two (2) or more Full Quotations 
are not available, a Weighted Average Quotation. If the Calculation Agent is unable to 
obtain two (2) or more Full Quotations or a Weighted Average Quotation on the same

--- Page 228 ---
228 
Exchange Business Day on or prior to the tenth (10th) Exchange Business Day 
following the applicable Relevant Valuation Date the Quotations shall be deemed to be 
any Full Quotation obtained from a Share Dealer at the Quotation Valuation Time on 
such tenth (10th) Exchange Business Day, or if no Full Quotation is obtained, the 
weighted average of any firm quotations for the Share obtained from Share Dealers at 
the Quotation Valuation Time on such tenth (10th) Exchange Business Day with respect 
to the aggregate portion of the Quotation Amount for which such quotations were 
obtained and a quotation shall be deemed to be zero (0) for the balance of the Quotation 
Amount for which firm quotations were not obtained on such day; and 
(b) 
if any Quotation obtained is expressed by a Share Dealer as a percentage, the 
Calculation Agent shall, for the purposes hereof, determine what such Quotation would 
be if expressed as an amount payable for the Quotation Amount. 
Quotation Amount means with respect to each type or issue of Undeliverable Share, an amount 
equal to the portion of the Number of Shares relating to such Undeliverable Share (as determined 
by the Calculation Agent) at the time of the Relevant Valuation Date. 
Quotation Valuation Time means, with respect to a Quotation, the time specified as such in 
Final Terms. 
Realisable Amount means the realisable value of the Undeliverable Share(s), as relevant, 
determined by the Calculation Agent as being the highest Quotation obtained by the Calculation 
Agent (or otherwise in accordance with the definition of "Quotation") with respect to the 
Relevant Valuation Date and expressed in the Settlement Currency using, if applicable a 
conversion rate determined by the Calculation Agent by reference to the relevant currency rate 
provided that in relation to Shares that take the form in whole or in part of cash, the Realisable 
Amount for such portion of the Shares which related to cash shall be equal to the amount of the 
cash expressed in the Settlement Currency using, if applicable a conversion rate determined by 
the Calculation Agent by reference to the relevant currency rate. 
Related Exchange(s) means, in respect of a Share, each exchange or quotation system where 
trading has a material effect (as determined by the Calculation Agent) on the overall market for 
futures and options contracts relating to such Share, any successor exchange or quotation system 
or any substitute exchange or quotation system to which trading in futures or options contracts 
relating to a Share has temporarily relocated (provided that the Calculation Agent has 
determined that there is comparable liquidity relative to the futures or options contracts relating 
such Share on such temporary substitute exchange or quotation system as on the original Related 
Exchange). 
Relevant Observation Date means each date specified as such or otherwise determined in 
accordance with the Final Terms (or, if such date is not a Scheduled Trading Day, the next 
following Scheduled Trading Day), in each case, subject to the provisions of section 2 above. 
Relevant Valuation Date means the date that is five (5) Exchange Business Days after the 
Latest Permissible Physical Settlement Date. 
Scheduled Closing Time means, in respect of an Exchange or Related Exchange, the scheduled 
weekday closing time of such Exchange or Related Exchange, without regard to after hours or 
any other trading outside of the regular trading session hours. 
Scheduled Trading Day means, either (i) in the case of a single Share, Scheduled Trading Day 
(Single Share Basis) or (ii) in the case of a Basket of Shares, (a) Scheduled Trading Day (All 
Share Basis) or (b) Scheduled Trading Day (Per Share Basis) as specified in the applicable Final 
Terms. If no Scheduled Trading Day is specified as applying in the applicable Final Terms, 
Scheduled Trading Day (All Share Basis) shall be deemed to apply for a Basket of Shares and 
Scheduled Trading Day (Single Share Basis) shall apply otherwise.

--- Page 229 ---
229 
Scheduled Trading Day (All Share Basis) means, in respect of all Shares, any day on which 
each Exchange and each Related Exchange are scheduled to be open for trading for their 
respective regular trading sessions. 
Scheduled Trading Day (Per Share Basis) means, in respect of a Share, any day on which the 
relevant Exchange and Related Exchange in respect of such Share are scheduled to be open for 
trading for their respective regular trading sessions. 
Scheduled Trading Day (Single Share Basis) means any day on which the relevant Exchange 
and the relevant Related Exchange are scheduled to be open for trading during their respective 
regular trading session(s). 
 
Settlement Currency means the currency specified as such in the applicable Final Terms, or if 
no currency is so specified in the Final Terms, the currency of the Share Linked Notes. 
Settlement Disruption Event means, in respect of a Share, an event beyond the control of the 
Issuer as a result of which the relevant Clearance System cannot clear the transfer of such Share. 
Settlement Price means, in respect of a Share and a given Scheduled Trading Day, the price of 
such Share on the relevant Exchange at the Valuation Time during a trading session on that 
Scheduled Trading Day, as adjusted (if applicable) pursuant to the provisions of these Share 
Linked Conditions unless the Calculation Agent determines that in accordance with market 
conventions, such method of determining the Settlement Price is not appropriate in which case 
the Settlement Price shall be determined in the manner elected by the Calculation Agent, having 
regard to such market conventions. 
Share means each share specified as such in the Final Terms. 
Share Currency means the currency or currencies in which a Share is denominated. 
Share Dealer means (a) a dealer in obligations of the type of Share for which quotations are to 
be obtained (as selected by the Calculation Agent) and may include the Calculation Agent or its 
affiliate and a Noteholder or its affiliate or (b) such other dealer specified as such in the 
applicable Final Terms. 
Strike Determination Date means each date specified as such or otherwise determined in 
accordance with the Final Terms (or, if such date is not a Scheduled Trading Day, the next 
following Scheduled Trading Day), in each case, subject to the provisions of section 2 above. 
Undeliverable Share means the Share, or portion of the Share, which, on the Physical 
Settlement Date for such Share, the Calculation Agent determines for any reason (including 
without limitation, failure by the Noteholder to deliver an Asset Transfer Notice, failure of the 
relevant clearance system or due to any law, regulation, court order or market conditions) it is 
impossible, impracticable or illegal to Deliver on the Physical Settlement Date or any Shares 
which the Issuer otherwise does not Deliver until the relevant Physical Settlement Date. 
Valuation Time means (a) for the purposes of determining whether a Market Disruption Event 
has occurred, in respect of any Share, the Scheduled Closing Time on the Exchange in respect 
of such Share and (b) in all other circumstances, the time at which the official closing price of 
the Share is calculated and published by the Exchange. 
Weighted Average Quotation means the weighted average of firm bid quotations obtained 
from the Share Dealers at the Quotation Valuation Time, to the extent reasonably practicable, 
each for a number of Undeliverable Shares, as the case may be, of as large a size as available 
but less than the Quotation Amount that in the aggregate are approximately equal to the 
Quotation Amount.

--- Page 230 ---
230 
Weighting means, in relation to a Share comprised in a Basket of Shares, the percentage 
specified as such in the applicable Final Terms and representing the relative weighting of such 
Share in the Basket.

--- Page 231 ---
231 
FUND ANNEX 
ADDITIONAL TERMS AND CONDITIONS FOR FUND LINKED NOTES 
 
The terms and conditions applicable to Fund Linked Notes shall comprise the Terms and Conditions of 
the Notes (the Note Conditions), the additional Terms and Conditions set out below in this Fund Annex 
(the Fund Linked Conditions) and the additional Terms and Conditions set out in the Payoff Annex (the 
Payoff Conditions and, together with the Note Conditions and the Fund Linked Conditions, the 
Conditions) and, in each case subject to completion in the applicable Final Terms. In the event of any 
inconsistency between the Note Conditions and the Fund Linked Conditions, the Fund Linked 
Conditions shall prevail. In the event of any inconsistency between (i) the Note Conditions and the Fund 
Linked Conditions and (ii) the Final Terms, the Final Terms shall prevail. References in the Fund Linked 
Conditions to Notes shall be deemed to be references to Fund Linked Notes. Defined terms used in this 
Fund Annex or the related section of the Final Terms where the same term may be used in another 
Annex shall have the meanings given in this Fund Annex or in the section of the Final Terms relating to 
Fund Linked Notes notwithstanding the same terms being used in another Annex or section of the Final 
Terms. 
1. 
Consequences of Potential Adjustment Events 
Potential Adjustment Event means, in relation to a Fund Unit, any of the following: 
(a) 
a subdivision, consolidation or reclassification of such Fund Unit, or a free distribution 
or dividend of any such Fund Units to existing holders by way of bonus, capitalisation 
or similar issue; 
(b) 
a distribution, issue or dividend to existing holders of such Fund Unit of (i) such Fund 
Units, (ii) other share capital or securities granting the right to payment of dividends 
and/or the proceeds of liquidation of the Fund equally or proportionately with such 
payments to holders of such Fund Units, (iii) share capital, other securities of another 
issuer acquired or owned (directly or indirectly) by the Fund as a result of a spin-off or 
other similar transaction, or (iv) any other type of securities, rights or warrants or other 
assets, in any case for payment (in cash or otherwise) at less than the prevailing market 
price as determined by the Calculation Agent; 
(c) 
an extraordinary dividend as determined by the Calculation Agent; 
(d) 
a repurchase by the Fund or any of its subsidiaries of Fund Units whether out of profits 
or capital and whether the consideration for such repurchase is cash, securities or 
otherwise; or 
(g) 
any other event having, in the opinion of the Calculation Agent, a diluting or 
concentrative effect on the theoretical value of the Fund Units. 
Following the occurrence of any Potential Adjustment Event as defined above, the Calculation 
Agent will, as soon as reasonably practicable after it becomes aware of such event determine 
whether such Potential Adjustment Event has a diluting or concentrative effect on the theoretical 
value of the Fund Unit and, if so, will (A) calculate the corresponding adjustment, if any, to be 
made to the elements relating to the relevant Fund Unit used to determine any settlement or 
payment terms under the Notes and/or adjust any other terms of the Notes as it determines 
appropriate to preserve the economic equivalent of the obligations of the Issuer under the Notes 
and (B) determine the effective date of that adjustment. In its determinations of the existence 
and extent of any dilutive or concentrative effect on the theoretical value of the Fund Units of 
any Potential Adjustment Event, and any related adjustments to the terms of the Notes, the 
Calculation Agent shall take into account any amounts of Local Taxes that would, in the 
determination of the Calculation Agent, be withheld from or paid or otherwise incurred by an 
Offshore Investor in connection with such Potential Adjustment Event. For such purposes: 
Local Taxes shall mean taxes, duties, and similar charges imposed by the taxing authority of 
the country in which the Fund has been registered; and

--- Page 232 ---
232 
Offshore Investor shall mean a holder of Fund Units who is an institutional investor not 
resident in the country in which the Fund has been registered (the Local Jurisdiction), for the 
purposes of the tax laws and regulations of the Local Jurisdiction and, for the avoidance of 
doubt, whose jurisdiction of residence (a) shall be determined by the Calculation Agent and (b) 
may be the jurisdiction of the Issuer or any of its affiliates. 
Upon the Calculation Agent making a determination pursuant to this section 1 which results in 
any adjustments of the terms of the Notes, the Issuer shall give notice as soon as practicable to 
Noteholders giving details of such determination. 
2. 
Consequences of Extraordinary Events 
Upon the occurrence as determined by the Calculation Agent, of any of the following events 
(each an Extraordinary Event) on or after the Issue Date in respect of the Fund or any Fund in 
the Basket: 
 
(a) 
Breach or Termination of Agreement means any failure by the Fund or a Fund 
Service Provider, as the case may be, to comply with or perform any agreement entered 
into by the Fund or a Fund Service Provider with the Issuer, defining the terms and 
conditions at which the Issuer may make subscriptions and/or redemptions in the Fund 
Units (as the case may be, different from the subscriptions and redemptions terms then 
prevailing pursuant to the Fund Documents), including as the case may be the rebates 
of management fees to be paid to the Issuer, the termination of such agreement by the 
Fund or a Fund Service Provider or the failing or ceasing of such agreement to be in 
full force and effect or the Fund or the Fund Service Provider disaffirms, disclaims, 
repudiates or rejects in whole or in part or challenges the validity of such agreement; 
(b) 
Closure of the Fund means liquidation, winding up or dissolution of the Fund for any 
reason other than those mentioned in (d) below; 
(c) 
Fund Adviser Event means that the Calculation Agent determines that over a period 
of twelve months, the total value of the assets managed by the Fund Adviser (including 
the Fund) has decreased by 50 per cent.(either due to redemptions or decrease in value 
of such assets); 
(d) 
Fund Insolvency Event means, in respect of any Fund, that such Fund (i) is dissolved 
or has a resolution passed for its dissolution, winding-up, official liquidation (other than 
pursuant to a consolidation, amalgamation or merger); (ii) makes a general assignment 
or arrangement with or for the benefit of its creditors, (iii) (A) institutes or has instituted 
against it, by a regulator, supervisor or any similar official with primary insolvency, 
rehabilitative or regulatory jurisdiction over it in the jurisdiction of its incorporation or 
organisation or the jurisdiction of its head or home office, a proceeding seeking a 
judgment of insolvency or bankruptcy or any other relief under any bankruptcy or 
insolvency law or other similar law affecting creditors' rights, or a petition is presented 
for its winding-up or liquidation by it or such regulator, supervisor or similar official, 
or (B) has instituted against it a proceeding seeking a judgment of insolvency or 
bankruptcy or any other relief under any bankruptcy or insolvency law or other similar 
law affecting creditors' rights, or a petition is presented for its winding-up or liquidation, 
and such proceeding or petition is instituted or presented by a person or entity not 
described in clause (A) above and either (x) results in a judgment of insolvency or 
bankruptcy or the entry of an order for relief or the making of an order for its winding-
up or liquidation or (y) is not immediately dismissed, discharged, stayed or restrained 
in each case; (iv) seeks or becomes subject to the appointment of an administrator, 
provisional liquidator, conservator, receiver, trustee, custodian or other similar official 
for it or for all or substantially all its assets; (v) has a secured party take possession of 
all or substantially all its assets or has a distress, execution, attachment, sequestration 
or other legal process levied, enforced or sued on or against all or substantially all of its 
assets and such secured party maintains possession, or any such process is not 
dismissed, discharged, stayed or restrained, in each case within fifteen days thereafter; 
or (vi) causes or is subject to any event with respect to it which, under the applicable

--- Page 233 ---
233 
laws of any jurisdiction, has an analogous effect to any of the events specified in clauses 
(i) through (v) above; 
(e) 
Fund Modification means (i) any change or modification of, or any announcement 
regarding a potential future change or modification of, the Fund (including, but not 
limited to, a change or modification of the related Fund Documents or to the Fund’s 
liquidity terms) other than a modification or event which does not affect the Fund Units 
or any portfolio of assets to which the Fund Units relates (either alone or in common 
with other Fund Units issued by the Fund), as determined by the Calculation Agent, (ii) 
any failure by the Fund Adviser to act in accordance with investment objectives, risk 
profile or investment guidelines of the Fund, (iii) any restriction placed on the ability 
of the Fund Adviser to buy or sell shares or other property by any regulatory body, (iv) 
any limitation on the ability of the Fund Adviser to buy or sell shares or other property 
by reason of liquidity, adverse market conditions or decrease in the assets of the Fund, 
and in any such case, in the opinion of the Calculation Agent such situation is unlikely 
corrected within a reasonable period of time or (v) the creation by the Fund of any 
illiquid share class or unit howsoever described, (vi) if applicable, the Fund ceases to 
be an undertaking for collective investments under the legislation of its relevant 
jurisdiction; or (vii)  
following the issue or creation of a new class or series 
(howsoever described in the Fund Documents) of shares or units by the Fund, the 
Calculation Agent determines taking into consideration the potential cross-liability 
between classes of shares or units (howsoever described in the Fund Documents) that 
such new class or series has or may have an adverse effect on the hedging activities of 
the Issuer in relation to the Notes; 
(f) 
Fund Service Provider Event means (i) a change, resignation, termination or 
replacement of any Fund Service Provider, (ii) a change of control or indirect control 
of any Fund Service Provider, (iii) any of the Fund Service Provider is subject to a Fund 
Service Provider Insolvency Event, where "Fund Service Provider Insolvency Event" 
has the same meaning as Fund Insolvency Event described in (d) above, except that 
Fund is replaced by Fund Service Provider, (iv) in the reasonable opinion of the 
Calculation Agent, any of the Fund Service Providers is no longer deemed able to carry 
out its business with the standard of care which was prevailing on the Issue Date or the 
resignation, termination, replacement, or death of any person deemed to be key in the 
management of the Fund has occurred or a Fund Service Provider ceases to exist or (v) 
any event occurs which causes, or will with the passage of time (in the opinion of the 
Calculation Agent) cause, the failure of the Fund and/or any Fund Service Provider to 
meet or maintain any obligation or undertaking under the Fund Documents which 
failure is reasonably likely to have an adverse impact on the value of the Fund Units or 
on the rights or remedies of any investor in such Fund Units; 
(g) 
Holding Ratio means (i) the capitalization of the Fund Units falls so that the Issuer 
holds, or an Hypothetical Investor would hold, Funds Units corresponding to an amount 
greater than 10 % of the capitalization of the Fund Units or (ii) the reduction of the 
Fund’s aggregate NAV per Fund Unit under an amount that, in the reasonable opinion 
of the Calculation Agent, has, or is likely to have, a significant effect on the 
management conditions of the Fund and/or its operating expenses or would increase the 
proportion of the Fund Units held, or likely to be held, by a Hypothetical Investor, or 
any funds managed by the same, to such extent that the full redemption in one single 
Valid Order of the Fund Units held by a Hypothetical Investor or funds managed by the 
same, is likely to be impaired; 
(h) 
Merger Event means the conversion of the Fund Units into another class of fund units 
or securities, or the split of the Fund, its consolidation or its merger with, or its sale or 
its conveyance of all or substantially all its assets to, a third party; 
(i) 
Nationalisation means that all the Fund Units or all or substantially all the assets of a 
Fund are nationalised, expropriated or are otherwise required to be transferred to any 
governmental agency, authority, entity or instrumentality thereof;

--- Page 234 ---
234 
(j) 
Regulatory Action means, with respect to any Fund, (i) cancellation, suspension or 
revocation of the registration or approval of such Fund by any governmental, legal or 
regulatory entity with authority over such Fund Units or Fund, (ii) any change in the 
legal, tax, accounting, or regulatory treatments of the relevant Fund or its Fund Service 
Provider that is reasonably likely to have an adverse impact on the value of such Fund 
or on any investor therein (as determined by the Calculation Agent), (iii) such Fund or 
any of its Fund Service Provider becoming subject to any investigation, proceeding or 
litigation by any relevant governmental, legal or regulatory authority involving the 
alleged violation of applicable law for any activities relating to or resulting from the 
operation of such Fund or Fund Service Provider, (iv) any relevant activities of or in 
relation to the Fund or a Fund Service Provider are or become unlawful, illegal or 
otherwise prohibited in whole or in part as a result of compliance with any present or 
future law, regulation, judgment, order or directive of any governmental, 
administrative, legislative or judicial authority or power, or in the interpretation thereof, 
in any applicable jurisdiction, (v) a relevant authorisation or licence is revoked, lapses 
or is under review by a competent authority in respect of the Fund or a Fund Service 
Provider or new conditions are imposed, or existing conditions varied, with respect to 
any such authorisation or licence, (vi) the Fund is required by a competent authority to 
redeem any Fund Unit or (vii) a Hypothetical Investor is required by a competent 
authority or any other relevant entity to dispose of or compulsorily redeem any Fund 
Unit held in connection with any hedging arrangements relating to the Notes; 
(k) 
Reporting Disruption means, in respect of any Fund, (i) any failure of such Fund to 
deliver, or cause to be delivered, (a) information that such Fund has agreed to deliver, 
or cause to be delivered to a Hypothetical Investor or (b) information that has been 
previously delivered to a Hypothetical Investor in accordance with such Fund, or its 
authorised representative’s, normal practice and that the Calculation Agent deems 
necessary to monitor such Fund’s compliance with any investment guidelines, asset 
allocation methodologies or any other similar policies relating to such Fund, (ii) failure 
by any of the Fund, any Fund Service Provider, or any other party acting on behalf of 
the Fund to calculate and publish the NAV per Fund Unit following any date scheduled 
for the determination of the valuation of the Fund Units unless the cause of such failure 
to publish is of a technical nature and outside the immediate and direct control of the 
entity responsible for such publication, (iii) any Fund Service Provider uses asset prices 
provided by the investment manager (howsoever described in the Fund Documents) to 
calculate the NAV per Fund Unit when such asset prices could have been obtained from 
independent sources and the asset prices from independent sources materially diverge 
from the asset prices provided by the investment manager (howsoever described in the 
Fund Documents), (iv) the assets under management of the Fund falls below the AUM 
Level, (v) the Calculation Agent determines, at any time, that (a) the NAV per Fund 
Unit is inaccurate, or (b) the reported net asset value of the Fund Units misrepresents 
the net asset value of the Fund Units or (vi) any Fund Service Provider fails to provide 
the Calculation Agent or a Hypothetical Investor, within a reasonable time, with any 
information that the Calculation Agent or such or a Hypothetical Investor has 
reasonably requested regarding the investment portfolio or other activities or 
undertakings of the Fund; 
(l) 
Strategy Breach means (i) any change of or announcement of the intention to change, 
or any breach or violation of, any strategy, investment process, investment restrictions, 
investment objectives or investment guidelines stated in the related Fund Documents, 
that is reasonably likely to affect the value of the Fund or the rights or remedies of any 
holders thereof or that is otherwise material, in each case, as determined by the 
Calculation Agent or (ii) any material modification or announcement regarding any 
potential future modification, as determined by the Calculation Agent, of the risk profile 
of the Fund including by reason of, but not limited to, the modification of the 
proportions, or reduction of diversification, or modification, cancellation or 
disappearance (howsoever described) of the type of assets in which the Fund invests or 
which the Fund purports to track, or a reduction of the average liquidity of the assets of 
the Fund;

--- Page 235 ---
235 
(m) 
NAV Currency Event means that the NAV per Fund Unit is no longer denominated in 
the currency in which it was denominated on the Issue Date; 
(n) 
NAV Calculation Disruption Event means, in respect of the Fund and a Fund 
Valuation Day, that (i) the Calculation Agent, acting in its sole discretion, determines 
that an event (other than an event described in paragraph (p) below) has occurred which 
affects the Fund Units and makes it impossible or impracticable to calculate and/or 
publish the NAV per Fund Unit as of such day or (ii) (a) the audited net asset value of 
the Fund and/or the NAV per Fund Unit is different from the audited net asset value of 
the Fund and/or the NAV per Fund Unit communicated by the relevant Fund Service 
Provider in respect of the same date, (b) the auditors of the Fund qualify any audit 
report, or refuse to provide an unqualified audit report, in respect of the Fund, and/or 
(c) the Calculation Agent, in its sole and absolute discretion, does not deem the audited 
net asset value of the Fund and/or the NAV per Fund Unit to be representative of the 
actual net asset value of the Fund and/or the NAV per Fund Unit;  
(o) 
NAV Trigger Event means, in respect of the Fund Units, that (i) the NAV per Fund 
Unit has decreased by an amount equal to, or greater than, the NAV Trigger 
Percentage(s) at any time during the related NAV Trigger Period; or (ii) the Fund has 
violated any leverage restriction that is applicable to, or affecting, such Fund or its assets 
by operation of any law, any order or judgement of any court or other agency of 
government applicable to it or any of its assets, the Fund Documents or any other 
contractual restriction binding on or affecting the Fund or any of its assets; 
(p) 
Fund Settlement Disruption means in respect of a Fund and a Fund Valuation Day, a 
failure by the Fund to pay in cash the full amount of the redemption proceeds on the 
date by which the Fund was scheduled to have paid such amount and which, in the 
determination of the Calculation Agent, makes it impossible or impracticable to 
determine the NAV per Fund Unit as of such date, including without limitation due to 
(i) the transfer of all illiquid assets of such Fund to a dedicated fund, account or structure 
pending the liquidation of such assets for the benefit of existing holders of the Fund 
Units, (ii) the restriction on the amount or number of redemptions orders that the Fund 
(or the Fund Service Provider generally in charge of accepting redemption orders) will 
accept in relation to a single date on which the Fund normally accepts redemption 
orders, (iii) the suspension for any reason of the subscription or redemption orders by 
the Fund (or the Fund Service Provider generally in charge of accepting subscription 
and redemption orders), or (iv) the postponement of the payment of the balance of 
redemption proceeds to a date occurring after the financial statements of the Fund have 
been reviewed by the Fund’s statutory auditors, in each case whether these events are 
imposed by the Fund without being envisaged in the Fund Documents on the Fund 
launch date or are already envisaged by the Fund Documents on the Fund launch date 
and are solely implemented by the Fund after such date; 
(q) 
Tender Offer means a takeover offer, tender offer, exchange offer, solicitation, 
proposal or other event by any entity or person that results in such entity or person 
purchasing, or otherwise obtaining or having the right to obtain, by conversion or other 
means, greater than 10 per cent. and less than 100 per cent. of the outstanding voting 
shares, units or interests of the Fund, as determined by the Calculation Agent, based 
upon the making of filings with governmental or self-regulatory agencies or such other 
information as the Calculation Agent deems relevant; 
(r) 
Fund Reclassification means (i) the reclassification of the Fund Units, (ii) the index 
that the Fund tracks changes or (iii) the acquisition of the Fund by, or the aggregation 
of the Fund into, another fund whose mandate, risk-profile and/or benchmarks that the 
Calculation Agent determines to be different from the mandate, risk-profile and/or 
benchmark as of the Issue Date (or any proposal for the foregoing occurs);  
(s) 
Fund Redemption or Subscription Event means (i) the suspension of transfers of any 
Fund Units, (ii) the introduction of a mandatory redemption or partial redemption of the 
Fund Units, (iii) the non-execution of any creation, subscription or redemption order in

--- Page 236 ---
236 
respect of the Fund Units, or (iv) the introduction or proposed introduction of 
subscription or redemption fees with respect to the Fund Units in excess of those in 
effect as of the Issue Date; 
(t) 
Fund Consolidation Event means that the Issuer is, or an Hypothetical Investor would 
be, required, pursuant to any accounting or other applicable regulations in accordance 
with which it prepares financial statements, to consolidate the Fund Units;  
(u) 
Litigation/Fraudulent Activity Event means that (i) there exists any litigation against 
the Fund or a Fund Service Provider which in the sole and absolute determination of 
the Calculation Agent could materially affect the value of the Fund Units or on the 
rights or remedies of any investor in such Fund Units, (ii) an allegation of criminal or 
fraudulent activity is made in respect of the Fund, or any Fund Service Provider, or any 
employee of any such entity, or the Calculation Agent reasonably determines or 
suspects that any such criminal or fraudulent activity has occurred, or (iii) any 
investigative, judicial, administrative or other civil or criminal proceedings is 
commenced or is threatened against the Fund, any Fund Service Provider or any key 
personnel of such entities if such allegation, determination, suspicion or proceedings 
could, in the sole and absolute determination of the Calculation Agent, materially affect 
the value of the Fund Units or on the rights or remedies of any investor in such Fund 
Units; 
(v) 
NAV per Fund Unit Event means (i) a material modification of the method of 
calculating the NAV per Fund Unit, (ii) any change in the periodicity of the calculation 
or the publication of the NAV per Fund Unit or (iii) any suspension of the calculation 
or publication of the NAV per Fund Unit;  
(w) 
Redemption of Fund Units means that the Fund Units are redeemed in accordance 
with their terms or notice of such redemption is given to the holders of Fund Units;  
(x) 
Cross-Contamination Event means , where the Fund is part of an umbrella structure 
with more than one sub-fund, a cross-contamination or other failure to segregate the 
portfolio of assets held by the Fund occurs between different series, classes and/or sub-
funds;  
(y) 
Security Event means that any security granted by the Fund or any Fund Service 
Provider over any of its assets is enforced or becomes capable of being enforced or any 
arrangement which in the determination of the Calculation Agent is comparable to 
security over any such assets (including without limitation any repo or prime brokerage 
arrangement) becomes enforceable or capable of early termination or any derivatives, 
repo, securities lending or other trading or dealing arrangement relating to the assets of 
the Fund becomes enforceable or terminable early by reason of any event of default 
(howsoever described) relating to the Fund or the relevant Fund Service Provider; or 
(z) 
Rating Event that the long-term unsecured, unsubordinated and unguaranteed debt 
rating assigned to any Fund Service Provider or any parent company (howsoever 
described) of the Fund, by Moody’s Investors Service Inc., or any successor to the 
ratings business thereof (Moody’s), and/or Standard and Poor’s Rating Group (a 
division of McGraw-Hill, Inc.), or any successor to the ratings business thereof (S&P), 
is downgraded below A (for S&P) or A2 (for Moody’s) and/or the short-term unsecured, 
unsubordinated and unguaranteed debt rating assigned to any Fund Service Provider by 
Moody’s or S&P is downgraded below A-1 (for S&P) or P-1 (for Moody’s), 
then: 
(i) 
in the case of sub-paragraph (h) above only, the Calculation Agent may replace the 
Fund Units by the kind and number of units or other securities and property receivable 
on such conversion, split, consolidation, merger, sale or conveyance by a holder of Fund 
Units prior to such conversion, split, consolidation, merger, sale or conveyance for the

--- Page 237 ---
237 
purposes of determining the value of the Fund and make any adjustment (if necessary) 
to the value of such Fund; or 
(ii) 
the Calculation Agent may (1) identify a fund (the Substitute Fund) having an 
investment strategy similar to the investment strategy of the Fund affected by the 
Extraordinary Event (the Affected Fund) and (2) adjust any relevant terms of the Notes 
to preserve the economic equivalent of the obligations of the Issuer under the Notes; for 
information purposes, it is understood that in all cases described herein where a Fund 
is substituted, on any date "t", with a Substitute Fund, the value of the relevant 
component in the formula used to determine the amount to be paid as described in the 
applicable Final Terms, shall not be affected by the substitution on such date "t" in 
respect of the Substitute Fund and would mean the NAV per Fund Unit of such 
Substitute Fund on the date "t" is weighted by an appropriate linking coefficient so that 
it is equal to the NAV per Fund Unit of the Affected Fund on such date "t"; or 
(iii) 
the Calculation Agent may make such adjustments to any of the terms of the Notes as it 
considers appropriate to preserve the economic equivalent of the obligations of the 
Issuer under the Notes and determine the date(s) on which any such adjustments will be 
effective; in making any such adjustments, the Calculation Agent may take into account 
the equivalent adjustment(s) which would be made to a Fund derivative transaction in 
the interbank market following the relevant event occurring and where the Calculation 
Agent deems appropriate (in its sole and absolute discretion), adjust the terms of the 
Notes the terms of the Notes to give effect to such adjustment(s); or 
(iv) 
the Issuer may either (i) give notice to the Noteholders that it elects to apply 
Monetisation until the Maturity Date in accordance with the provisions of section 6 
below or (ii) give notice to the Noteholders that it elects to redeem the Notes at their 
Early Redemption Amount, subject always to the terms of the Payoff Annex.  
Upon the Calculation Agent making a determination pursuant to this section 2 which results in 
any adjustments of the terms of the Notes, the Issuer shall give notice as soon as practicable to 
Noteholders giving details of such determination. 
3. 
Stop-Loss Event 
If on any Fund Business Day between the Initial Observation Date (excluded) and the last 
Autocall Observation Date, Strike Determination Date, Coupon Observation Date, Relevant 
Observation Date, Observation Date or the Final Observation Date, as applicable (included), the 
NAV per Fund Unit of a Fund Unit is affected by a decrease of 80 per cent. or more of its NAV 
per Fund Unit on the Initial Observation Date (the Affected Fund Unit and the event, the Stop-
Loss Event), then: 
(a) 
the Calculation Agent may decide to substitute the Affected Fund Unit by a new unit 
issued by a fund of a similar international standing or creditworthiness as the Fund 
related to the Affected Fund Unit (the Substitute Fund Unit) and will adjust any 
relevant terms of the Notes accordingly; or 
(b) 
the Calculation Agent may decide to continue with the Affected Fund Unit; or 
(c) 
if the Calculation Agent has neither retained any Substitute Fund Unit nor decided to 
continue with the Affected Fund Unit, the Issuer may either (i) give notice to the 
Noteholders that it elects to apply Monetisation until the Maturity Date in accordance 
with the provisions of section 6 below or (ii) give notice to the Noteholders that it elects 
to redeem the Notes at their Early Redemption Amount, subject always to the terms of 
the Payoff Annex.  
For information purposes, it is understood that in all cases described herein where a Fund Unit 
is substituted, on any date "t", with a Substitute Fund Unit, the value of the relevant component 
in the formula used to determine the amount to be paid as described in the applicable Final 
Terms, shall not be affected by the substitution on such date "t" in respect of the Substitute Fund

--- Page 238 ---
238 
Unit and would mean that the NAV per Fund Unit of such Substitute Fund Unit on the date "t" 
is weighted by an appropriate linking coefficient so that it is equal to the NAV per Fund Unit of 
the Affected Fund Unit on such date "t". 
Upon the Calculation Agent making a determination pursuant to this section 3 which results in 
any adjustments of the terms of the Notes, the Issuer shall give notice as soon as practicable to 
Noteholders giving details of such determination. 
4. 
Consequences of an Additional Disruption Event 
(a) 
If "Change in Law", "Hedging Disruption" and/or "Increased Cost of Hedging" 
(each, an Additional Disruption Event) is specified in the Final Terms to be 
applicable, then upon the occurrence of any such an event the Issuer may: 
(i) 
give notice to the Noteholders that it elects to apply Monetisation until the 
Maturity Date in accordance with the provisions of section 6 below; or 
(ii) 
require the Calculation Agent to make such adjustments to any of the 
Conditions as it considers appropriate in its sole and absolute discretion to 
account for such Additional Disruption Event and determine the date(s) on 
which any such adjustments will be effective; or 
(iii) 
give notice to the Noteholders that it elects to redeem the Notes at their Early 
Redemption Amount, subject always to the terms of the Payoff Annex. 
(b) 
Upon the occurrence of an Additional Disruption Event, the Issuer shall give notice as 
soon as practicable to the Noteholders stating the occurrence of the Additional 
Disruption Event, giving details thereof and the action proposed to be taken in relation 
thereto. 
5. 
Events having a material effect on the Notes 
Notwithstanding, and without prejudice to, the foregoing provisions of this Fund Unit Annex, 
if any event (whether or not such event is expressly described or otherwise referred to herein) 
occurs which the Calculation Agent determines, acting in good faith, has a material effect on 
the Notes, then: 
(a) 
the Issuer may give notice to the Noteholders that it elects to apply Monetisation until 
the Maturity Date in accordance with the provisions of section 6 below; or 
(b) 
the Calculation Agent may make such adjustments to any of the Conditions as it 
considers appropriate to account for any such event and determine the date(s) on which 
any such adjustments will be effective; or 
(c) 
the Issuer may, upon giving notice to the Noteholders, redeem all but not some only of 
the Notes, each Note being redeemed at their Early Redemption Amount, subject always 
to the terms of the Payoff Annex. 
Upon the Calculation Agent making a determination pursuant to this section 5 which results in 
any adjustments of the terms of the Notes, the Issuer shall give notice as soon as practicable to 
Noteholders giving details of such determination. 
6. 
Monetisation until the Maturity Date 
(a) 
Following notice by the Issuer to the Noteholder that it elects to apply Monetisation 
until the Maturity Date, the Issuer shall no longer be liable for the payment of (1) the 
Instalment Amount(s) initially scheduled to be paid on each Instalment Date and/or (2) 
the Optional Redemption Amount on the Optional Redemption Date and/or (3) the Final 
Redemption Amount on the Maturity Date, but instead will, in full and final satisfaction 
of its obligations under the Notes, pay on the Maturity Date an amount per Note, 
determined by the Calculation Agent as the result of:

--- Page 239 ---
239 
(i) 
100% of the Specified Denomination of the Note; 
plus 
(ii) 
the Monetisation Payment Amount (which may be a positive amount or a 
negative amount) corresponding to the Monetisation Calculation Amount (1) 
capitalised at the applicable zero-coupon rate (which may be positive or 
negative) from and including the Full Liquidation Date (or, if later and 
applicable, the Optional Full Liquidation Date or the Instalment Full 
Liquidation Date) to but excluding the Maturity Date and (2) apportioned pro 
rata amongst the Specified Denomination of each Note. 
less 
(iii) 
the Associated Costs apportioned pro rata amongst the Specified Denomination 
of each Note (without double counting of any cost taken into account in the 
Monetisation Calculation Amount), 
subject to a minimum of zero. 
The Monetisation Calculation Amount is equal to the net cash amount that the Issuer 
or any of its affiliates would be left with (in which case the Monetisation Calculation 
Amount will be expressed as a positive amount) or would have to pay (in which case 
the Monetisation Calculation Amount will be expressed as a negative amount) on the 
Instalment Full Liquidation Date (and, if applicable, the Optional Full Liquidation Date 
and/or the Instalment Full Liquidation Date), as a result of liquidating the Hedge 
Positions (and, if applicable, Optional Hedge Positions and/or the Instalment Hedge 
Positions) (inter alia by satisfying any obligations or liabilities in place with respect to 
or part of such Hedge Positions (and, if applicable, Optional Hedge Positions and/or 
Instalment Hedge Positions), if any, with the liquidation proceeds of the assets of the 
Hedge Positions (and, if applicable, Optional Hedge Positions and/or Instalment Hedge 
Positions)), the result of which, converted if necessary into the Specified Currency using 
the Relevant Spot Exchange Rate on the Full Liquidation Date or, if later and applicable, 
the Optional Full Liquidation Date or the Instalment Full Liquidation Date. 
(b) 
Definitions specific to the Monetisation until the Maturity Date 
"Associated Costs" means an amount determined by the Calculation Agent in its 
reasonable discretion equal to the sum of (without duplication) all costs (including, 
without limitation, cost of funding), losses, expenses, tax and duties incurred by the 
Issuer or any of its affiliates in connection with the termination, liquidation or re-
establishment of the Intermediate Hedge Positions, the Optional Hedge Positions, 
and/or the Hedge Positions, as the case may be. 
"Full Liquidation Date" means, in respect of the Maturity Date, the date on which the 
liquidation proceeds of the Hedge Positions (including inter alia by satisfying any 
obligations or liabilities in place with respect to or part of such Hedge Positions, if any, 
with the liquidation proceeds of the assets of such Hedge Positions) are deemed, as 
determined by the Calculation Agent, to be fully received by the Issuer or any of its 
affiliates. 
"Hedge Positions" means any purchase, sale, entry into or maintenance, by the Issuer 
or any of its affiliates, of one or more (a) positions or contracts in securities, options, 
futures, derivatives, interest rate transactions or foreign exchange transactions, 
(b) securities lending/borrowing transactions, (c) cash deposits or cash borrowings 
and/or (d) other instruments, arrangements, assets or liabilities howsoever described, in 
order to hedge individually or on a portfolio basis, the part of the Issuer’s obligations 
under the Notes linked to or indexed to the relevant Fund Unit or Basket of Fund Units, 
as applicable, due on the Maturity Date provided that, if the Instalment Full Liquidation 
Date and/or the Optional Full Liquidation Date has not occurred on or before the fourth

--- Page 240 ---
240 
Business Day preceding the Maturity Date, then Hedge Positions will include the 
Instalment Hedge Positions and/or the Optional Hedge Positions, if applicable. 
"Instalment Full Liquidation Date" means, in respect of any Instalment Payment 
Date, the date on which the liquidation proceeds of the Instalment Hedge Positions 
(including inter alia by satisfying any obligations or liabilities in place with respect to 
or part of such Intermediate Hedge Positions, if any, with the liquidation proceeds of 
the assets of such Instalment Hedge Positions) are deemed, as determined by the 
Calculation Agent, to be fully received by the Issuer or any of its affiliates. 
"Instalment Hedge Positions" means any purchase, sale, entry into or maintenance, by 
the Issuer or any of its affiliates, of one or more (a) positions or contracts in securities, 
options, futures, derivatives, interest rate transactions or foreign exchange transactions, 
(b) securities lending/borrowing transactions, (c) cash deposits or cash borrowings 
and/or (d) other instruments, arrangements, assets or liabilities howsoever described, in 
order to hedge individually or on a portfolio basis, the part of the Issuer’s obligations 
under the Notes linked to or indexed to the Fund Unit or Basket of Fund Units, as 
applicable, due on an Instalment Date. 
"Optional Full Liquidation Date" means, in respect of an Optional Redemption Date, 
the date on which the liquidation proceeds of the Optional Hedge Positions (including 
inter alia by satisfying any obligations or liabilities in place with respect to or part of 
such Optional Hedge Positions, if any, with the liquidation proceeds of the assets of 
such Optional Hedge Positions) are deemed, as determined by the Calculation Agent, 
to be fully received by the Issuer or any of its affiliates. 
"Optional Hedge Positions" means any purchase, sale, entry into or maintenance, by 
the Issuer or any of its affiliates, of one or more (a) positions or contracts in securities, 
options, futures, derivatives, interest rate transactions or foreign exchange transactions, 
(b) securities lending/borrowing transactions, (c) cash deposits or cash borrowings 
and/or (d) other instruments, arrangements, assets or liabilities howsoever described, in 
order to hedge individually or on a portfolio basis, the part of the Issuer’s obligations 
under the Notes linked to or indexed to the Fund Unit or Basket of Fund Units, as 
applicable, due on an Optional Redemption Date. 
"Relevant Spot Exchange Rate" means in respect of a date and an amount to be 
converted into the Specified Currency, the rate of exchange of the currency in which 
such amount is denominated into the Specified Currency used to convert such amount 
on such date into the Specified Currency as determined by the Calculation Agent. 
7. 
Definitions  
AUM Level means the amount specified as such in the Final Terms. 
Autocall Observation Date means each date specified as such or otherwise determined in 
accordance with the Final Terms (or, if such date is not a Fund Business Day, the next following 
Fund Business Day). 
Basket means a basket containing the Fund Units specified in the applicable Final Terms. 
Change in Law means that, on or after the Issue Date, (A) due to the adoption of or any change 
in any applicable law or regulation (including, without limitation, any tax law), or (B) due to the 
promulgation of or any change in the interpretation by any court, tribunal or regulatory authority 
with competent jurisdiction of any applicable law or regulation (including any action taken by 
a taxing authority), the Issuer determines, or a Hypothetical Investor would determine, in its 
sole and absolute discretion that it has become illegal to hold, acquire or dispose of relevant 
hedge positions relating to the Fund Unit or Basket of Fund Units, as applicable.

--- Page 241 ---
241 
Coupon Observation Date means each date specified as such or otherwise determined in 
accordance with the Final Terms (or, if such date is not a Fund Business Day, the next following 
Fund Business Day). 
Fund means, in respect of a Fund Unit, the issuer of such Fund Unit. 
Fund Documents means, in respect of any Fund, the constitutive and governing documents and 
other agreements of the Fund specifying the terms and conditions relating to such Fund. 
Fund Unit means each unit of fund identified as such in the Final Terms. 
Final Observation Date means the date specified as such or otherwise determined in 
accordance with the Final Terms (or, if such date is not a Fund Business Day, the next following 
Fund Business Day). 
Fund Service Provider means, in respect of any Fund, any person who is appointed to provide 
services, directly or indirectly, for that Fund, whether or not specified in the Fund Documents, 
including any fund investment adviser, fund administrator, manager, any person appointed in 
the role of discretionary investment manager or non-discretionary investment adviser (including 
a non-discretionary investment adviser to a discretionary manager or another non-discretionary 
investment adviser) for such Fund (the Fund Adviser), trustee or similar person with the 
primary administrative responsibilities for such Fund, operator, management company, 
depository, custodian, sub-custodian, prime broker, registrar and transfer agent or domiciliary 
agent. 
Fund Business Day means either (i) the Fund Business Day (All Funds Basis) or (ii) the Fund 
Business Day (Per Fund Basis) as specified in the applicable Final Terms. If no Fund Business 
Day is specified as applying in the applicable Final Terms, Fund Business Day (All Funds Basis) 
shall be deemed to apply for a Basket of Funds. 
Fund Business Day (All Funds Basis) means with respect to all Funds, a date (i) that is a Fund 
Valuation Day for each Fund and (ii) on which a Hypothetical Investor could have a subscription 
or redemption order for the Fund Units of each Fund executed at the NAV per Fund Share 
published by each respective Fund (or the Fund Service Provider that generally publishes or 
reports such value) in respect of each respective Fund Valuation Day. 
Fund Business Day (Per Fund Basis) means with respect to a Fund, a date (i) that is a Fund 
Valuation Day for such Fund and (ii) on which a Hypothetical Investor could have a subscription 
or redemption order for the Fund Units of such Fund executed at the NAV per Fund Share 
published by the relevant Fund (or the relevant Fund Service Provider that generally publishes 
or reports such value) in respect of such Fund Valuation Day. 
Fund Valuation Day means either (i) the Fund Valuation Day (All Funds Basis) or (ii) the Fund 
Valuation Day (Per Fund Basis) as specified in the applicable Final Terms. If no Fund Valuation 
Day is specified as applying in the applicable Final Terms, Fund Valuation Day (All Funds 
Basis) shall be deemed to apply for a Basket of Funds. 
Fund Valuation Day (All Funds Basis) means, in respect of all Funds, any date as defined in 
the Fund Documents of each respective Fund as of which the official net asset value of each 
such Fund is determined in accordance with its Fund Documents. 
Fund Valuation Day (Per Fund Basis) means, in respect of a Fund, any date as defined in the 
Fund Documents of such Fund as of which the official net asset value of such Fund is determined 
in accordance with its Fund Documents. 
Hedging Disruption means that the Issuer is, or a Hypothetical Investor would be, unable to 
(1) acquire, establish, re-establish, substitute, maintain, unwind or dispose of any transaction(s) 
or asset(s) it deems necessary to hedge the inflation price risk or any other relevant price risk 
including but not limited to the currency risk of the Issuer in issuing and performing its 
obligations with respect to the Notes, or (2) freely realise, recover, remit, receive, repatriate or 
transfer the proceeds of any such transaction(s) or asset(s).

--- Page 242 ---
242 
Hypothetical Hedge Positions means any purchase, sale, entry into or maintenance, by a 
Hypothetical Investor, of one or more (a) positions or contracts in the Fund, options, futures, 
derivatives, interest rate transactions or foreign exchange transactions, (b) securities 
lending/borrowing transactions, (c) cash deposits or cash borrowings and/or (d) other 
instruments, arrangements, assets or liabilities howsoever described, in order to hedge 
individually or on a portfolio basis, the part of the Issuer’s obligations under the Notes linked 
to or indexed to the relevant Fund due on the Maturity Date apportioned pro rata to each 
outstanding Note. 
Hypothetical Investor means, with respect to the Hypothetical Hedge Positions, a hypothetical 
investor in such Hypothetical Hedge Positions (including the Fund Units), located in France 
(which for the avoidance of doubt may be the Issuer), and deemed, in respect of the Hypothetical 
Hedge Positions constituted by the Fund, to have (a) the benefits and obligations, as provided 
under the Fund Documents, of an investor holding the Fund Units; (b) in the case of any deemed 
redemption of such Fund Units, to have submitted a Valid Order requesting redemption of the 
Fund Units; and (c) in the case of any deemed investment in such Fund, to have submitted a 
Valid Order requesting subscription of the Fund Units. 
Increased Cost of Hedging means that the Issuer or a Hypothetical Investor would incur an 
increased amount of cost (including tax, duty, expenses or fees) to (i) acquire, establish, re-
establish, substitute, maintain, unwind or dispose of any transaction(s) or asset(s) it deems 
necessary to hedge the market risk (including, without limitation, inflation price risk, foreign 
exchange risk and interest rate risk) of the Issuer in issuing and performing its obligations with 
respect to the Notes, or (ii) realise, recover or remit the proceeds of any such transaction(s) or 
asset(s), provided that any such increased amount that is incurred solely due to the deterioration 
of the creditworthiness of the Issuer shall not be deemed an Increased Cost of Hedging. 
Initial Observation Date means the date specified as such or otherwise determined in 
accordance with the Final Terms (or, if such date is not a Fund Business Day, the next following 
Fund Business Day). 
NAV per Fund Unit in respect of a Fund and a Fund Valuation Day, the amount or amounts 
per unit of such Fund including (for subscription orders) or net (for redemption orders) of all 
applicable costs, taxes and fees (if any) that would be paid (for subscription orders) or received 
(for redemption orders) in cash in one or more times by a Hypothetical Investor pursuant to a 
Valid Order for the subscription or redemption (as applicable) of units of the Fund scheduled to 
be executed on the official net asset value per unit determined by the Fund (or the Fund service 
provider that generally determines such value) dated as of such Fund Valuation Day. 
NAV Trigger Percentage means the percentage specified as such in the Final Terms. 
NAV Trigger Period means the period specified as such in the Final Terms, or if none specified 
the period from and including the Initial Observation Date to and including the Final 
Observation Date.  
Observation Date means each date specified as such or otherwise determined in accordance 
with the Final Terms (or, if such date is not a Fund Business Day, the next following Fund 
Business Day). 
Relevant Observation Date means each date specified as such or otherwise determined in 
accordance with the Final Terms (or, if such date is not a Fund Business Day, the next following 
Fund Business Day). 
Settlement Price on any day means, in respect of a Fund Unit, the price of such Fund Unit 
determined by the Calculation Agent. 
Strike Determination Date means each date specified as such or otherwise determined in 
accordance with the Final Terms (or, if such date is not a Fund Business Day, the next following 
Fund Business Day).

--- Page 243 ---
243 
Valid Order means a valid and timely subscription or redemption order sent to the Fund or the 
Fund Service Provider that generally accepts such order, in accordance with the subscription or 
redemption notice period and the relevant cut off time as set forth in the Fund Documents.

--- Page 244 ---
244 
COMMODITY ANNEX 
 
 
ADDITIONAL TERMS AND CONDITIONS FOR COMMODITY LINKED NOTES 
The terms and conditions applicable to Commodity Linked Notes shall comprise the Terms and 
Conditions of the Notes (the Note Conditions), the additional Terms and Conditions set out 
below in this Commodity Annex (the Commodity Linked Conditions) and the additional Terms 
and Conditions set out in the Payoff Annex (the Payoff Conditions and, together with the Note 
Conditions and the Commodity Linked Conditions, the Conditions) and, in each case subject to 
completion in the applicable Final Terms. In the event of any inconsistency between the Note 
Conditions and the Commodity Linked Conditions, the Commodity Linked Conditions shall 
prevail. In the event of any inconsistency between (i) the Note Conditions and the Commodity 
Linked Conditions and (ii) the Final Terms, the Final Terms shall prevail. References in the 
Commodity Linked Conditions to Notes shall be deemed to be references to Commodity Linked 
Notes. Defined terms used in this Commodity Annex or the related section of the Final Terms 
where the same term may be used in another Annex (e.g. Observation Date) shall have the 
meanings given in this Commodity Annex or in the section of the Final Terms relating to 
Commodity Linked Notes notwithstanding the same terms being used in another Annex or 
section of the Final Terms. 
The Commodity Linked Notes are linked to a Commodity, a Commodity Index, a Basbet of 
Commodities or a Basket of Commodity Indices.  
The issue of the Notes (in this paragraph, the Transaction) is not sponsored, endorsed, sold, or 
promoted by the Commodity Index Sponsor and no Commodity Index Sponsor makes any 
representation whatsoever, whether express or implied, either as to the results to be obtained 
from the use of the Commodity Index and/or the levels at which the Commodity Index stands at 
any particular time on any particular date or otherwise. No Commodity Index Sponsor shall be 
liable (whether in negligence or otherwise) to any person for any error in the Commodity Index. 
No Commodity Index Sponsor is making any representation whatsoever, whether express or 
implied, as to the advisability of purchasing or assuming any risk in connection with entering 
into any Transaction. The Issuer shall not have any liability for any act or failure to act by the 
Commodity Index Sponsor in connection with the calculation, adjustment or maintenance of the 
Commodity Index. Except as disclosed prior to the Issue Date, neither the Issuer nor its affiliates 
has any affiliation with or control over the Commodity Index or Commodity Index Sponsor or 
any control over the computation, composition or dissemination of the Commodity Index. 
Although the Calculation Agent will obtain information concerning the Commodity Index from 
publicly available sources it believes reliable, it will not independently verify this information. 
Accordingly, no representation, warranty or undertaking (express or implied) is made and no 
responsibility is accepted by the Issuer, its affiliates or the Calculation Agent as to the accuracy, 
completeness and timeliness of information concerning the Commodity Index. 
1. 
Commodity Linked Notes 
(a) 
Unless the Notes are redeemed early in accordance with their terms and 
conditions, if the determination of the Interest Amount, the Early Redemption 
Amount, the Final Redemption Amount or the Instalment Amount, as the case 
may be, is postponed as a result of the occurrence of a Disrupted Day, then 
payment of any such amount (the Affected Amount) shall be postponed to the 
date which is two Payment Days following the latest to occur of (x) the 
Commodity Determination Date; (y) the Disruption Longstop Date and (z) the 
scheduled date for payment of such Affected Amount, and such Affected 
Amount shall be paid without any interest or other sum payable in respect of 
the postponement of the payment of the Affected Amount. 
(b) 
If, in respect of the Notes, it (i) is or would be unlawful at any time under any 
applicable law or regulation or (ii) would contravene any applicable licensing 
requirements, in each case, to determine the Commodity Reference Price or the 
Commodity Index in accordance with any applicable fallback (or it would be

--- Page 245 ---
245 
unlawful or would contravene those licensing requirements were a 
determination to be made at such time), then the Commodity Reference Price 
or the Commodity Index shall be determined in accordance with the first 
applicable fallback that complies with the applicable law, regulation or 
licensing requirements. 
2. 
Adjustment to Commodity Indices 
(a) 
Without prejudice to the provisions of sections 2(b) to 2(d) below and subject 
to the provisions of section 1(b) above, if, in respect of the Notes, the parties 
have specified an Alternative Pre-nominated Index in the applicable Final 
Terms, upon the occurrence of a Commodity Index Cancellation (as defined in 
section 2(c) below) or an Administrator/Benchmark Event Date, the Issuer may 
require the Calculation Agent to adjust the terms of the Notes so that references 
to the Commodity Index are replaced by references to the Alternative Pre-
nominated Index. 
(b) 
If, the Commodity Index is (i) not calculated and announced by the Commodity 
Index Sponsor but is calculated and announced by a successor sponsor 
acceptable to the Calculation Agent, or (ii) replaced by a successor index using, 
in the determination of the Calculation Agent, the same or a substantially 
similar formula for and method of calculation as used in the calculation of that 
Commodity Index, then in each case that index (the Successor Commodity 
Index) will be deemed to be the Commodity Index. 
(c) 
If (i) on or prior to any Pricing Date, a Commodity Index Sponsor announces 
that it will make a material change in the formula for or the method of 
calculating that Commodity Index or in any other way materially modifies the 
Commodity Index (other than a modification prescribed in that formula or 
method to maintain that Commodity Index in the event of changes in 
constituent stock and capitalisation and other routine events) (a Commodity 
Index Modification) or announces that it will permanently cancel or no longer 
calculate, or permanently cancels, the Commodity Index and no Successor 
Commodity Index exists (a Commodity Index Cancellation), (ii) on any 
Pricing Date, the Commodity Index Sponsor fails to calculate and announce a 
relevant Commodity Index (a Commodity Index Disruption and together with 
a Commodity Index Modification and a Commodity Index Cancellation, each 
a Commodity Index Adjustment Event) or (iii) an Administrator/Benchmark 
Event occurs, then the Issuer may give notice to the Noteholders that it elects 
to apply Monetisation until the Maturity Date in accordance with the provisions 
of section 7 below or otherwise: 
(1) 
the Calculation Agent shall determine if such Commodity Index 
Adjustment Event has a material effect on the Notes and, if so, shall 
calculate the relevant Settlement Price, Final Price as the case may be, 
using, in lieu of a published level for the Commodity Index, the level 
for the Commodity Index as at that Pricing Date, as determined by the 
Calculation Agent in accordance with the formula for and method of 
calculating that Commodity Index last in effect prior to the change, 
failure or cancellation, but using only those securities that comprised 
that Commodity Index immediately prior to that Commodity Index 
Adjustment Event; or 
(2) 
the Issuer may elect to redeem the Notes: 
(A) 
in the case of a Commodity Index Disruption, on the Pricing 
Date; 
(B) 
in the case of a Commodity Index Cancellation, on the later of 
the Commodity Business Day immediately prior to the

--- Page 246 ---
246 
effectiveness of the Commodity Index Cancellation and the 
date the Commodity Index Cancellation is announced by the 
Commodity Index Sponsor;  
(C) 
in the case of a Commodity Index Modification, at any time 
following the announcement of the Commodity Index 
Modification but no later than the Commodity Business Day 
prior to the effectiveness of such Commodity Index 
Modification; or 
(D) 
in the case of an Administrator/Benchmark Event, on the 
Administrator/Benchmark Event Date. 
In each case, the redemption amount of each Note will be equal to its 
Early Redemption Amount, subject always to the terms of the Payoff 
Annex. 
3. 
Consequences of Disrupted Days 
If any Pricing Date, is a Disrupted Day, then the Issuer may give notice to the 
Noteholders that it elects to apply Monetisation until the Maturity Date in accordance 
with the provisions of section 7 below or otherwise: 
(a) 
in the case of Commodity Linked Notes relating to a single Commodity, the 
Pricing Date, shall be the first succeeding Commodity Business Day that is not 
a Disrupted Day (the Commodity Determination Date), unless each of the 
eight Commodity Business Days immediately following the Pricing Date, is a 
Disrupted Day, in which case: 
(i) 
that eighth Commodity Business Day (the Disruption Longstop Date) 
shall be deemed to be the Pricing Date, notwithstanding the fact that 
such day is a Disrupted Day; and 
(ii) 
the Calculation Agent shall determine the Commodity Reference Price 
or, as applicable, the level of the Commodity Index as of the Valuation 
Time on the Disruption Longstop Date in accordance with the formula 
for and method of calculating the Commodity Reference Price or, as 
applicable, the level of the Commodity Index last in effect prior to the 
occurrence of the first Disrupted Day using the traded or quoted price 
on that eighth Commodity Business Day for the Commodity Reference 
Price or, as applicable, each Index Component comprised in the 
Commodity Index (or, if an event giving rise to a Disrupted Day has 
occurred in respect of the relevant Component Index on that eighth 
Commodity Business Day, its good faith estimate of the value for the 
relevant Index Component as of the Valuation Time on that eighth 
Commodity Business Day); or 
(b) 
in the case of Commodity Linked Notes relating to a Basket of Commodities or 
a Basket of Commodity Indices: 
(i) 
the Pricing Date, for each Commodity not affected by the occurrence 
of a Disrupted Day shall be the original date that, but for the occurrence 
of an event causing a Disrupted Day, would have been a Pricing Date; 
and 
(ii) 
the Pricing Date for each relevant Commodity affected (each an 
Affected Commodity) or, as applicable, each relevant Commodity 
Index affected (each an Affected Commodity Index) by the 
occurrence of a Disrupted Day shall be the first succeeding Commodity 
Business Day that is not a Disrupted Day in respect of such Affected

--- Page 247 ---
247 
Commodity or, as applicable, Affected Commodity Index, unless each 
of the eight Commodity Business Days immediately following the 
Pricing Date, is a Disrupted Day in respect of such Affected 
Commodity or, as applicable, Affected Commodity Index, in which 
case: 
(x) 
the Disruption Longstop Date shall be deemed to be the Pricing 
Date, notwithstanding the fact that such day is a Disrupted 
Day; and 
(y) 
the Calculation Agent shall determine the Commodity 
Reference Price or, as applicable, the level of the Affected 
Commodity Index on the Disruption Longstop Date in 
accordance with the formula for and method of calculating the 
Commodity Reference Price or, as applicable, the level of the 
Commodity Index last in effect prior to the occurrence of the 
first Disrupted Day using the exchange traded or quoted price 
as of that eighth Commodity Business Day for each 
Commodity Reference Price or, as applicable, each Index 
Component comprised in each Commodity Index (or, if an 
event giving rise to a Disrupted Day has occurred and is 
continuing in respect of the relevant Index Component on that 
eighth Commodity Business Day, its good faith estimate of the 
value for the relevant Index Component as of the Valuation 
Time on that eighth Commodity Business Day); or 
(c) 
if the Calculation Agent is not able to or does not determine the Commodity 
Reference Price or Commodity Reference Prices or, as applicable, the level of 
the Commodity Index or Commodity Indices in accordance with section 3(a) 
or 3(b) above, as the case may be, or if such determination would not, in the 
opinion of the Calculation Agent, account for the relevant disruption event: 
(i) 
the Calculation Agent may determine the Commodity Reference Price 
or Commodity Reference Prices or, as applicable, the level of the 
Commodity Index or Commodity Indices for the original Pricing Date, 
taking into consideration the latest available quotation for the relevant 
Commodity Reference Price or Commodity Reference Prices or, as 
applicable, for the relevant level of the Commodity Index or 
Commodity Indices and any other information that in good faith it 
deems relevant; or 
(ii) 
the Calculation Agent may make such adjustments to any of the 
Conditions of the Notes as it considers appropriate to account for any 
such disruption event and determine the date(s) on which any such 
adjustments will be effective; in making any such adjustments, the 
Calculation Agent may take into account the equivalent adjustment(s) 
which would be made to a commodity derivative transaction in the 
interbank market following the relevant event occurring and where the 
Calculation Agent deems appropriate (in its sole and absolute 
discretion), adjust the Conditions to give effect to such adjustment(s); 
or 
(iii) 
if the Calculation Agent is not able to or does not determine any 
adjustments for the purposes of section 3(c)(i) or section 3(c)(ii) above, 
the Issuer may, in its sole and absolute discretion, upon giving notice 
to the Noteholders, elects to apply Monetisation until the Maturity Date 
in accordance with the provisions of section 7 below or to redeem all 
but not some only of the Notes, each Note being redeemed at their Early 
Redemption Amount, subject always to the terms of the Payoff Annex 
applicable to the Notes.

--- Page 248 ---
248 
The Calculation Agent shall give notice as soon as practicable to the Noteholders of the 
occurrence of the relevant disruption event on any day that, but for the occurrence of a 
Disrupted Day, would have been a Pricing Date. Such notice shall give the details of 
such disruption event and the action proposed to be taken by the Calculation Agent in 
relation thereto. 
4. 
Consequences of an Additional Disruption Event 
(a) 
If "Change in Law", "Hedging Disruption", and/or "Increased Cost of Hedging" 
(each, an Additional Disruption Event) is specified in the Final Terms to be 
applicable, then upon the occurrence of any such an event the Issuer may: 
(i) 
give notice to the Noteholders that it elects to apply Monetisation until 
the Maturity Date in accordance with the provisions of section 7 below; 
or 
(ii) 
require the Calculation Agent to make such adjustments to any of the 
Conditions as it considers appropriate in its sole and absolute discretion 
to account for such Additional Disruption Event and determine the 
date(s) on which any such adjustments will be effective; or 
(iii) 
give notice to the Noteholders that it elects to redeem the Notes at their 
Early Redemption Amount, subject always to the terms of the Payoff 
Annex. 
(b) 
Upon the occurrence of an Additional Disruption Event, the Issuer shall give 
notice as soon as practicable to the Noteholders stating the occurrence of the 
Additional Disruption Event, giving details thereof and the action proposed to 
be taken in relation thereto. 
5. 
Events having a material effect on the Notes 
Notwithstanding, and without prejudice to, the foregoing provisions of this Commodity 
Annex, if any event (whether or not such event is expressly described or otherwise 
referred to herein) occurs which the Calculation Agent determines, acting in good faith, 
has a material effect on the Notes, then: 
(a) 
the Issuer may give notice to the Noteholders that it elects to apply Monetisation 
until the Maturity Date in accordance with the provisions of section 7 below; 
or 
(b) 
the Calculation Agent may make such adjustments to any of the Conditions as 
it considers appropriate to account for any such event and determine the date(s) 
on which any such adjustments will be effective; or 
(c) 
the Issuer may, upon giving notice to the Noteholders, redeem all but not some 
only of the Notes, each Note being redeemed at their Early Redemption 
Amount, subject always to the terms of the Payoff Annex. 
Upon the Calculation Agent making a determination pursuant to this section 5 which 
results in any adjustments of the terms of the Notes, the Issuer shall give notice as soon 
as practicable to Noteholders giving details of such determination. 
6. 
Correction of Commodity Reference Prices or Commodity Indices  
 
With the exception of any corrections published after the day which is three 
Luxembourg Business Days prior to the due date for any payment under the Notes 
calculated by reference to a Commodity Reference Price or a Commodity Index, if the 
Commodity Reference Price or a Commodity Index published on a given day and used 
or to be used by the Calculation Agent to make any determination under the Notes is 
subsequently corrected and the correction published by the relevant Exchange or any

--- Page 249 ---
249 
other person responsible for the publication or announcement of the Commodity 
Reference Price or a Commodity Index within 30 calendar days of the original 
publication, the price or the index level to be used shall be the price of the relevant 
Commodity or the level of the relevant Commodity Index as so corrected. Corrections 
published after the day which is three Luxembourg Business Days prior to a due date 
for payment under the Notes calculated by reference to a Commodity Reference Price 
or a Commodity Index will be disregarded by the Calculation Agent for the purposes of 
determining the relevant amount to be paid. 
7. 
Monetisation until the Maturity Date 
(a) 
Following notice by the Issuer to the Noteholder that it elects to apply 
Monetisation until the Maturity Date, the Issuer shall no longer be liable for the 
payment of (1) the Instalment Amount(s) initially scheduled to be paid on each 
Instalment Date and/or (2) the Optional Redemption Amount on the Optional 
Redemption Date and/or (3) the Final Redemption Amount on the Maturity 
Date, but instead will, in full and final satisfaction of its obligations under the 
Notes, pay on the Maturity Date an amount per Note, determined by the 
Calculation Agent as the result of: 
(i) 
100% of the Specified Denomination of the Note; 
plus 
(ii) 
the Monetisation Payment Amount (which may be a positive amount 
or a negative amount) corresponding to the Monetisation Calculation 
Amount (1) capitalised at the applicable zero-coupon rate (which may 
be positive or negative) from and including the Full Liquidation Date 
(or, if later and applicable, the Optional Full Liquidation Date or the 
Instalment Full Liquidation Date) to but excluding the Maturity Date 
and (2) apportioned pro rata amongst the Specified Denomination of 
each Note. 
less 
(iii) 
the Associated Costs apportioned pro rata amongst the Specified 
Denomination of each Note (without double counting of any cost taken 
into account in the Monetisation Calculation Amount), 
subject to a minimum of zero. 
The Monetisation Calculation Amount is equal to the net cash amount that 
the Issuer or any of its affiliates would be left with (in which case the 
Monetisation Calculation Amount will be expressed as a positive amount) or 
would have to pay (in which case the Monetisation Calculation Amount will be 
expressed as a negative amount) on the Instalment Full Liquidation Date (and, 
if applicable, the Optional Full Liquidation Date and/or the Instalment Full 
Liquidation Date), as a result of liquidating the Hedge Positions (and, if 
applicable, Optional Hedge Positions and/or the Instalment Hedge Positions) 
(inter alia by satisfying any obligations or liabilities in place with respect to or 
part of such Hedge Positions (and, if applicable, Optional Hedge Positions 
and/or Instalment Hedge Positions), if any, with the liquidation proceeds of the 
assets of the Hedge Positions (and, if applicable, Optional Hedge Positions 
and/or Instalment Hedge Positions)), the result of which, converted if necessary 
into the Specified Currency using the Relevant Spot Exchange Rate on the Full 
Liquidation Date or, if later and applicable, the Optional Full Liquidation Date 
or the Instalment Full Liquidation Date. 
(b) 
Definitions specific to the Monetisation until the Maturity Date

--- Page 250 ---
250 
"Associated Costs" means an amount determined by the Calculation Agent in 
its reasonable discretion equal to the sum of (without duplication) all costs 
(including, without limitation, cost of funding), losses, expenses, tax and duties 
incurred by the Issuer or any of its affiliates in connection with the termination, 
liquidation or re-establishment of the Intermediate Hedge Positions, the 
Optional Hedge Positions, and/or the Hedge Positions, as the case may be. 
"Full Liquidation Date" means, in respect of the Maturity Date, the date on 
which the liquidation proceeds of the Hedge Positions (including inter alia by 
satisfying any obligations or liabilities in place with respect to or part of such 
Hedge Positions, if any, with the liquidation proceeds of the assets of such 
Hedge Positions) are deemed, as determined by the Calculation Agent, to be 
fully received by the Issuer or any of its affiliates. 
"Hedge Positions" means any purchase, sale, entry into or maintenance, by the 
Issuer or any of its affiliates, of one or more (a) positions or contracts in 
securities, options, futures, derivatives, interest rate transactions or foreign 
exchange transactions, (b) securities lending/borrowing transactions, (c) cash 
deposits or cash borrowings and/or (d) other instruments, arrangements, assets 
or liabilities howsoever described, in order to hedge individually or on a 
portfolio basis, the part of the Issuer’s obligations under the Notes linked to or 
indexed to the relevant Commodity or Commodity Index or Basket of 
Commodities or Basket of Commodity Indices, as applicable, due on the 
Maturity Date provided that, if the Instalment Full Liquidation Date and/or the 
Optional Full Liquidation Date has not occurred on or before the fourth 
Business Day preceding the Maturity Date, then Hedge Positions will include 
the Instalment Hedge Positions and/or the Optional Hedge Positions, if 
applicable. 
"Instalment Full Liquidation Date" means, in respect of any Instalment 
Payment Date, the date on which the liquidation proceeds of the Instalment 
Hedge Positions (including inter alia by satisfying any obligations or liabilities 
in place with respect to or part of such Intermediate Hedge Positions, if any, 
with the liquidation proceeds of the assets of such Instalment Hedge Positions) 
are deemed, as determined by the Calculation Agent, to be fully received by the 
Issuer or any of its affiliates. 
"Instalment Hedge Positions" means any purchase, sale, entry into or 
maintenance, by the Issuer or any of its affiliates, of one or more (a) positions 
or contracts in securities, options, futures, derivatives, interest rate transactions 
or foreign exchange transactions, (b) securities lending/borrowing transactions, 
(c) cash deposits or cash borrowings and/or (d) other instruments, 
arrangements, assets or liabilities howsoever described, in order to hedge 
individually or on a portfolio basis, the part of the Issuer’s obligations under the 
Notes linked to or indexed to the relevant Commodity or Basket of 
Commodities, as applicable, due on an Instalment Date. 
"Optional Full Liquidation Date" means, in respect of an Optional 
Redemption Date, the date on which the liquidation proceeds of the Optional 
Hedge Positions (including inter alia by satisfying any obligations or liabilities 
in place with respect to or part of such Optional Hedge Positions, if any, with 
the liquidation proceeds of the assets of such Optional Hedge Positions) are 
deemed, as determined by the Calculation Agent, to be fully received by the 
Issuer or any of its affiliates. 
"Optional Hedge Positions" means any purchase, sale, entry into or 
maintenance, by the Issuer or any of its affiliates, of one or more (a) positions 
or contracts in securities, options, futures, derivatives, interest rate transactions 
or foreign exchange transactions, (b) securities lending/borrowing transactions, 
(c) cash deposits or cash borrowings and/or (d) other instruments,

--- Page 251 ---
251 
arrangements, assets or liabilities howsoever described, in order to hedge 
individually or on a portfolio basis, the part of the Issuer’s obligations under the 
Notes linked to or indexed to the relevant Commodity or Basket of 
Commodities, as applicable, due on an Optional Redemption Date. 
"Relevant Spot Exchange Rate" means in respect of a date and an amount to 
be converted into the Specified Currency, the rate of exchange of the currency 
in which such amount is denominated into the Specified Currency used to 
convert such amount on such date into the Specified Currency as determined by 
the Calculation Agent. 
8. 
Definitions 
Administrator/Benchmark Event has the meaning given to it in the Note Conditions. 
Administrator/Benchmark Event Date has the meaning given to it in the Note 
Conditions. 
Alternative Pre-nominated Index has the meaning given to it in the Note Conditions. 
Autocall Observation Date means each date specified as such or otherwise determined 
in accordance with the Final Terms (or, if such date is not a Commodity Business Day, 
the next following Commodity Business Day), in each case, subject to the provisions of 
section 2 above. 
Basket Component means any Commodity or Commodity Index comprised in a Basket 
of Commodities or a Basket of Commodity Indices. 
Basket of Commodities means a basket comprising two or more Commodities. 
Basket of Commodity Indices means a basket comprising two or more Commodity 
Indices. 
Change in Law means that, on or after the Issue Date, (A) due to the adoption of or any 
change in any applicable law or regulation (including, without limitation, any tax law), 
or (B) due to the promulgation of or any change in the interpretation by any court, 
tribunal or regulatory authority with competent jurisdiction of any applicable law or 
regulation (including any action taken by a taxing authority), the Issuer determines in 
its sole and absolute discretion that it has become illegal to hold, acquire or dispose of 
relevant hedge positions relating to the Commodity or Basket of Commodities, as 
applicable. 
Commodity means, subject to adjustment in accordance with these Commodity Linked 
Conditions, the commodity (or commodities) or futures contract on a commodity (or 
commodities) specified in the applicable Final Terms and related expressions shall be 
construed accordingly and for the avoidance of doubt, each of climatic variables, freight 
rates and emissions allowances may be a Commodity for the purposes of these 
Commodity Linked Conditions and the applicable Final Terms. 
Commodity Business Day means: 
(a) 
in respect of a Commodity or a Commodity Index: 
(i) 
where the Commodity Reference Price for the relevant Commodity or 
the level of the Commodity Index is announced or published by an 
Exchange, any day that is (or, but for the occurrence of a Market 
Disruption Event, would have been) a day on which each relevant 
Exchange is open for trading during its regular trading sessions and 
notwithstanding any such Exchange closing prior to its scheduled 
closing time; or

--- Page 252 ---
252 
(ii) 
a day in respect of which the relevant Price Source published (or, but 
for the occurrence of a Market Disruption Event, would have 
published), a price for the relevant Commodity or a level for the 
Commodity Index; or 
(b) 
in the case of a Basket of Commodities or a Basket of Commodity Indices, a 
day on which the Commodity Reference Price or the level of the Commodity 
Index in respect of all the Basket Components is scheduled to be published or 
announced in accordance with (i) and (ii) above. 
Commodity Index means, subject to adjustment in accordance with these Commodity 
Linked Conditions, each index specified as such in the applicable Final Terms, 
including an index comprising one or more commodities, contracts for the future 
delivery of a commodity, indices linked to a single commodity or indices comprised of 
multiple commodities (each an Index Component). 
Commodity Index Calculation Agent means the corporation or other entity (if any) 
that is indicated as such in the applicable Final Terms. 
Commodity Index Sponsor means the corporation or other entity that (a) is responsible 
for setting and reviewing the rules and procedures and the methods of calculation and 
adjustments, if any, related to the relevant Commodity Index and (b) announces 
(directly or through an agent) the level of the relevant Commodity Index on a regular 
basis during each Commodity Business Day. 
Commodity Reference Price means, in respect of any Commodity, the Commodity 
Reference Price specified in the applicable Final Terms. 
Coupon Observation Date means each date specified as such or otherwise determined 
in accordance with the Final Terms (or, if such date is not a Commodity Business Day, 
the next following Commodity Business Day), in each case, subject to the provisions of 
section 2 above. 
Delivery Date means, in respect of a Commodity Reference Price or Commodity Index, 
the relevant date or month for delivery of the underlying Commodity (which must be a 
date or month reported or capable of being determined from information reported in or 
by the relevant Price Source) as follows: 
(a) 
if a date is, or a month and year are, specified in the applicable Final Terms, 
that date or that month and year; 
(b) 
if a Nearby Month is specified in the applicable Final Terms, the month of 
expiration of the relevant Futures Contract; and 
(c) 
if a method is specified in the applicable Final Terms for the purpose of 
determining the Delivery Date, the date or the month and year determined 
pursuant to that method. 
Disappearance of Commodity Reference Price means (A) the permanent 
discontinuation of trading, in the relevant Futures Contract on the relevant Exchange or 
(B) the disappearance of, or of trading in, the relevant Commodity or Index Component 
or (C) the disappearance or permanent discontinuance or unavailability of a Commodity 
Reference Price or a Commodity Index, notwithstanding the availability of the related 
Price Source or the status of trading in the relevant Futures Contract, Commodity or 
Index Component. 
Disrupted Day means any day on which a Market Disruption Event has occurred. 
Disruption Fallback means a source or method that may give rise to an alternative 
basis for determining the Relevant Price in respect of a specified Commodity Reference 
Price or the level of a specified Commodity Index when a Market Disruption Event

--- Page 253 ---
253 
occurs or exists on a day that is a Pricing Date (or, if different, the day on which prices 
for that Pricing Date would, in the ordinary course, be published or announced by the 
Price Source), in accordance with section 3 above. 
Exchange means, in respect of a Commodity, the exchange or principal trading market 
for such Commodity specified in the applicable Final Terms or in the Commodity 
Reference Price and in the case of a Commodity Index, the exchange or principal trading 
market for each Index Component comprising such Commodity Index. 
Final Observation Date means the date specified as such or otherwise determined in 
accordance with the Final Terms (or, if such date is not a Commodity Business Day, the 
next following Commodity Business Day), in each case, subject to the provisions of 
section 2 above. 
Futures Contract means, in respect of a Commodity Reference Price or a Commodity 
Index, the contract for future delivery of a contract size in respect of the relevant 
Delivery Date relating to the Commodity referred to in that Commodity Reference Price 
or Commodity Index. 
Hedging Disruption means that the Issuer is unable, after using commercially 
reasonable efforts, to (1) acquire, establish, re-establish, substitute, maintain, unwind or 
dispose of any transaction(s) or asset(s) it deems necessary to hedge the index price risk 
or any other relevant price risk including but not limited to the currency risk of the Issuer 
in issuing and performing its obligations with respect to the Notes, or (2) freely realise, 
recover, remit, receive, repatriate or transfer the proceeds of any such transaction(s) or 
asset(s). 
Increased Cost of Hedging means that the Issuer would incur a materially increased 
(as compared with circumstances existing on the Issue Date) amount of tax, duty, 
expense or fee (other than brokerage commissions) to (i) acquire, establish, re-establish, 
substitute, maintain, unwind or dispose of any transaction(s) or asset(s) it deems 
necessary to hedge the market risk (including, without limitation, index price risk, 
foreign exchange risk and interest rate risk) of the Issuer in issuing and performing its 
obligations with respect to the Notes, or (ii) realise, recover or remit the proceeds of any 
such transaction(s) or asset(s), provided that any such materially increased amount that 
is incurred solely due to the deterioration of the creditworthiness of the Issuer shall not 
be deemed an Increased Cost of Hedging. 
Index Component Disruption Event means. 
(a) 
the level of the Commodity Index published by the Price Source on any Pricing 
Date includes, or is derived from, a price for one or more Index Components 
published on any date between the Trade Date and such Pricing Date that is not 
a price published by the usual exchange or price source, but is a price 
determined by the Price Source; or 
(b) 
the level of the Commodity Index published by the Price Source on any Pricing 
Date includes, or is derived from, a price for one or more Index Components 
published by the usual exchange or price source on any date between the Issue 
Date and such Pricing Date that, in the opinion of the Calculation Agent, has 
been calculated or published subject to the occurrence of market disruption or 
similar, or otherwise not in accordance with the usual, then-current, method 
used by such exchange or price source. 
Initial Observation Date means the date specified as such or otherwise determined in 
accordance with the Final Terms (or, if such date is not a Commodity Business Day, the 
next following Commodity Business Day), in each case, subject to the provisions of 
section 2 above.

--- Page 254 ---
254 
Limit Price Event means that the settlement price of any Commodity or Index 
Component has increased or decreased from the previous day's published settlement 
price by an amount equal to the maximum amount permitted under the applicable 
exchange rules for such Commodity or Index Component. 
Market Disruption Event means, in respect of a relevant Commodity or Commodity 
Index and as determined by the Calculation Agent, the occurrence or existence of: 
(a) 
in the case of all Commodities and each Commodity Index, a Price Source 
Disruption, Trading Disruption, Disappearance of Commodity Reference Price, 
Limit Price Event; and in addition 
(b) 
in the case of each Commodity Index and all Commodities other than Gold, 
Silver, Platinum or Palladium, Material Change in Formula, Material Change 
in Content and/or Tax Disruption; and in addition 
(c) 
in the case of a Commodity Index, an Index Component Disruption Event. 
Material Change in Content means the occurrence since the Issue Date of a material 
change in the content, composition or constitution of the relevant Commodity or Futures 
Contract or, in the case of a Commodity Index, Index Component. 
Material Change in Formula means the occurrence since the Issue Date of a material 
change in the formula for or the method of calculating the relevant Commodity 
Reference Price or Commodity Index or any Index Component used to calculate the 
Commodity Index. 
Nearby Month, when preceded by a numerical adjective, means, in respect of a 
Delivery Date and a Pricing Date, the month of expiration of the Futures Contract 
identified by that numerical adjective, so that, for example, (A) "First Nearby Month" 
means the month of expiration of the first Futures Contract to expire following that 
Pricing Date; (B) "Second Nearby Month" means the month of expiration of the second 
Futures Contract to expire following that Pricing Date; and (C) "Sixth Nearby Month" 
means the month of expiration of the sixth Futures Contract to expire following that 
Pricing Date. 
Observation Date means each date specified as such or otherwise determined in 
accordance with the Final Terms (or, if such date is not a Commodity Business Day, the 
next following Commodity Business Day), in each case, subject to the provisions of 
section 2 above. 
Price Source means the publication (or such other origin of reference, including an 
Exchange or Commodity Index Sponsor or Commodity Index Calculation Agent) 
containing (or reporting) the Specified Price (or prices from which the Specified Price 
is calculated) specified in the relevant Commodity Reference Price or Commodity 
Index. 
Price Source Disruption means (A) the failure of the Price Source to announce or 
publish the Specified Price (or the information necessary for determining the Specified 
Price) for the relevant Commodity Reference Price or level of Commodity Index, or (B) 
the temporary or permanent discontinuance or unavailability of the Price Source. 
Pricing Date means any Autocall Observation Date, Coupon Observation Date, 
Relevant Observation Date, Strike Determination Date, Initial Observation Date, Final 
Observation Date or Observation Date.  
Relevant Price means, for any Pricing Date, the price of the Commodity, expressed as 
a price per unit of the Commodity, the level of the Commodity Index or the price of any 
Index Component, determined with respect to that day for the Specified Price calculated 
as provided in these Commodity Linked Conditions and the applicable Final Terms.

--- Page 255 ---
255 
Relevant Commodity Benchmark means, in respect of the Notes: 
(a) 
the Commodity Reference Price;  
(b) 
the Commodity Index; or 
(c) 
any other index, benchmark or price source specified as a "Relevant 
Commodity Benchmark" in the applicable Final Terms. 
Relevant Observation Date means each date specified as such or otherwise determined 
in accordance with the Final Terms (or, if such date is not a Commodity Business Day, 
the next following Commodity Business Day), in each case, subject to the provisions of 
section 2 above. 
Specified Price means, in respect of the level of a Commodity Index, the closing or 
daily official level of such Commodity Index and in respect of a Commodity and its 
Commodity Reference Price, any of the following prices (which must be a price 
reported in or by, or capable of being determined from information reported in or by, 
the relevant Price Source), as specified in the applicable Final Terms (and, if applicable, 
as of the time so specified): (A) the high price; (B) the low price; (C) the average of the 
high price and the low price; (D) the closing price; (E) the opening price; (F) the bid 
price; (G) the asked price; (H) the average of the bid price and the asked price; (I) the 
settlement price; (J) the official settlement price; (K) the official price; (L) the morning 
fixing; (M) the afternoon fixing; (N) the spot price; or (O) any other price specified in 
the applicable Final Terms on the Pricing Date. 
Strike Determination Date means the date specified as such or otherwise determined 
in accordance with the Final Terms (or, if such date is not a Commodity Business Day, 
the next following Commodity Business Day), in each case, subject to the provisions of 
section 2 above. 
Tax Disruption means the imposition of, change in or removal of an excise, severance, 
sales, use, value-added, transfer, stamp, documentary, recording or similar tax on, or 
measured by reference to, the relevant Commodity or, in the case of a Commodity Index 
or any Index Component (other than a tax on, or measured by reference to overall gross 
or net income) by any government or taxation authority after the Trade Date, if the direct 
effect of such imposition, change or removal is to raise or lower the Relevant Price on 
the day that would otherwise be a Pricing Date from what it would have been without 
that imposition, change or removal. 
Trading Disruption means the material suspension of, or the material limitation 
imposed on, trading in the relevant Futures Contract or the Commodity or, in the case 
of a Commodity Index, Index Component on the Exchange or in any additional futures 
contract, options contract, commodity index or commodity on any Exchange as 
specified in the applicable Final Terms. For these purposes: 
(a) 
a suspension of the trading in the Futures Contract, Commodity or Index 
Component, as the case may be, on any Commodity Business Day shall be 
deemed to be material if: 
(i) 
all trading in the Futures Contract, Commodity or Index Component, 
as the case may be, is suspended for the entire Pricing Date; or 
(ii) 
all trading in the Futures Contract, Commodity or Index Component is 
suspended subsequent to the opening of trading on the Pricing Date, 
trading does not recommence prior to the regularly scheduled close of 
trading in such Futures Contract, Commodity or Index Component, as 
the case may be, on such Pricing Date and such suspension is 
announced less than one hour preceding its commencement; and

--- Page 256 ---
256 
(b) 
a limitation of trading in the relevant Futures Contract, Commodity or Index 
Component, as the case may be, on any Commodity Business Day shall be 
deemed to be material if the relevant Exchange establishes limits on the range 
within which the price of the relevant Futures Contract, Commodity or Index 
Component, as the case may be, may fluctuate and the closing or settlement 
price of the relevant Futures Contract, Commodity or Index Component, as the 
case may be, on such day is at the upper or lower limit of that range.

--- Page 257 ---
257 
ETF ANNEX 
ADDITIONAL TERMS AND CONDITIONS FOR ETF LINKED NOTES 
 
The terms and conditions applicable to ETF Linked Notes shall comprise the Terms and Conditions of 
the Notes (the Note Conditions), the additional Terms and Conditions set out below in this ETF Annex 
(the ETF Linked Conditions) and the additional Terms and Conditions set out in the Payoff Annex (the 
Payoff Conditions and, together with the Note Conditions and the ETF Linked Conditions, the 
Conditions) and, in each case subject to completion in the applicable Final Terms. In the event of any 
inconsistency between the Note Conditions and the ETF Linked Conditions, the ETF Linked Conditions 
shall prevail. In the event of any inconsistency between (i) the Note Conditions and the ETF Linked 
Conditions and (ii) the Final Terms, the Final Terms shall prevail. References in the ETF Linked 
Conditions to Notes shall be deemed to be references to ETF Linked Notes. Defined terms used in this 
ETF Annex or the related section of the Final Terms where the same term may be used in another Annex 
shall have the meanings given in this ETF Annex or in the section of the Final Terms relating to ETF 
Linked Notes notwithstanding the same terms being used in another Annex or section of the Final Terms. 
1. 
ETF Linked Notes 
Unless the Notes are redeemed early in accordance with their terms and conditions, if the determination 
of the Interest Amount, the Early Redemption Amount, the Final Redemption Amount or the Instalment 
Amount, as the case may be, is postponed as a result of the occurrence of a Disrupted Day, then payment 
of any such amount (the Affected Amount) shall be postponed to the date which is two Payment Days 
following the latest to occur of (x) the ETF Determination Date; (y) the Disruption Longstop Date and 
(z) the scheduled date for payment of such Affected Amount, and such Affected Amount shall be paid 
without any interest or other sum payable in respect of the postponement of the payment of the Affected 
Amount. 
2. 
Consequences of Disrupted Days 
(a) 
Definitions 
Market Disruption Event means, in respect of an ETF, the occurrence or existence of 
(i) a Trading Disruption, (ii) an Exchange Disruption, which, in either case, the 
Calculation Agent determines, is material, at any time during the one-hour period that 
ends at the relevant Valuation Time or (iii) an Early Closure, each as defined below: 
(i) 
Trading Disruption means, in respect of an ETF, any suspension of or 
limitation imposed on trading by the relevant Exchange or Related Exchange or 
otherwise and whether by reason of movements in price exceeding limits 
permitted by the relevant Exchange or Related Exchange or otherwise (A) 
relating to the ETF on the Exchange or (B) in futures or options contracts 
relating to the ETF on any relevant Related Exchange. 
(ii) 
Exchange Disruption means, in respect of an ETF, any event (other than an 
Early Closure) that disrupts or impairs (as determined by the Calculation Agent) 
the ability of market participants in general to effect transactions in, or obtain 
market values for (A) the ETF on the Exchange, or (B) futures or options 
contracts relating to the ETF on any relevant Related Exchange. 
(iii) 
Early Closure means, the closure on any Exchange Business Day of (A) the 
relevant Exchange, or (B) any Related Exchange, prior to its Scheduled Closing 
Time unless such earlier closing is announced by such Exchange or Related 
Exchange (as the case may be) at least one hour prior to the earlier of (I) the 
actual closing time for the regular trading session on such Exchange or Related 
Exchange (as the case may be) on such Exchange Business Day and (II) the 
submission deadline for orders to be entered into the Exchange or Related

--- Page 258 ---
258 
Exchange system for execution at the relevant Valuation Time on such 
Exchange Business Day. 
(b) 
Consequences of the occurrence of Disrupted Days 
If any Autocall Observation Date, Strike Determination Date, Coupon Observation 
Date, Relevant Observation Date, Initial Observation Date, Final Observation Date or 
Observation Date, as applicable, is a Disrupted Day, then the Issuer may give notice to 
the Noteholders that it elects to apply Monetisation until the Maturity Date in 
accordance with the provisions of section 8 below or otherwise: 
(i) 
in the case of ETF Linked Notes relating to a single ETF, the Autocall 
Observation Date, Strike Determination Date, Coupon Observation Date, 
Relevant Observation Date, Initial Observation Date, Final Observation Date 
or Observation Date, as applicable, shall be the first succeeding Scheduled 
Trading Day that is not a Disrupted Day (the ETF Determination Date), 
unless each of the eight Scheduled Trading Days immediately following the 
Autocall Observation Date, Strike Determination Date, Coupon Observation 
Date, Relevant Observation Date, Initial Observation Date, Final Observation 
Date or Observation Date, as applicable, is a Disrupted Day, in which case: 
(A) 
that eighth Scheduled Trading Day (the Disruption Longstop Date) 
shall be deemed to be the Autocall Observation Date, Strike 
Determination Date, Coupon Observation Date, Relevant Observation 
Date, Initial Observation Date, Final Observation Date or Observation 
Date, as applicable, notwithstanding the fact that such day is a 
Disrupted Day; and 
(B) 
the Calculation Agent shall determine the value of the ETF in good 
faith as of the Valuation Time on the Disruption Longstop Date; or 
(ii) 
in the case of ETF Linked Notes relating to a Basket of ETFs: 
(A) 
the Autocall Observation Date, Strike Determination Date, Coupon 
Observation Date, Relevant Observation Date, Initial Observation 
Date, Final Observation Date or Observation Date, as applicable, for 
each ETF not affected by the occurrence of a Disrupted Day shall be 
the original date that, but for the occurrence of an event causing a 
Disrupted Day, would have been an Autocall Observation Date, Strike 
Determination Date, Coupon Observation Date, Relevant Observation 
Date, Initial Observation Date, Final Observation Date or Observation 
Date, as applicable; and 
(B) 
the Autocall Observation Date, Strike Determination Date, Coupon 
Observation Date, Relevant Observation Date, Initial Observation 
Date, Final Observation Date or Observation Date, as applicable for 
each relevant ETF affected (each an Affected ETF) by the occurrence 
of a Disrupted Day shall be the first succeeding Scheduled Trading 
Day that is not a Disrupted Day in respect of such Affected ETF, unless 
each of the eight Scheduled Trading Days immediately following the 
Autocall Observation Date, Strike Determination Date, Coupon 
Observation Date, Relevant Observation Date, Initial Observation 
Date, Final Observation Date or Observation Date, as applicable, is a 
Disrupted Day in respect of such Affected ETF, in which case: 
(1) 
the Disruption Longstop Date shall be deemed to be the 
Autocall Observation Date, Strike Determination Date, 
Coupon Observation Date, Relevant Observation Date, Initial 
Observation Date, Final Observation Date or Observation

--- Page 259 ---
259 
Date, as applicable, notwithstanding the fact that such day is 
a Disrupted Day; and 
(2) 
the Calculation Agent shall determine the value of the ETF in 
good faith as of the Valuation Time on the Disruption 
Longstop Date; or 
(iii) 
if the Calculation Agent is not able to or does not determine the level of the 
ETF in accordance with section 2(b)(i) or 2(b)(ii) above, as the case may be, or 
if such determination would not, in the opinion of the Calculation Agent, 
account for the relevant disruption event: 
(A) 
the Calculation Agent may determine the value of the ETF(s), taking 
into consideration the latest available quotation for the value of the 
relevant ETF(s) and any other information that in good faith it deems 
relevant; or 
(B) 
the Calculation Agent may make such adjustments to any of the 
Conditions of the Notes as it considers appropriate to account for any 
such disruption event and determine the date(s) on which any such 
adjustments will be effective; in making any such adjustments, the 
Calculation Agent may take into account the equivalent adjustment(s) 
which would be made to an index derivative transaction in the 
interbank market following the relevant event occurring and where the 
Calculation Agent deems appropriate (in its sole and absolute 
discretion), adjust the Conditions to give effect to such adjustment(s); 
or 
(iv) 
if the Calculation Agent is not able to or does not determine any adjustments 
for the purposes of section 2(b)(iii)(A) or section 2(b)(iii)(B) above, the Issuer 
may, in its sole and absolute discretion: 
 (A) 
give notice to the Noteholders that it elects to apply Monetisation until 
the Maturity Date in accordance with the provisions of section 7 
below; or 
(B) 
give notice to the Noteholders that it elects to redeem the Notes at their 
Early Redemption Amount, subject always to the terms of the Payoff 
Annex. 
(c) 
The Calculation Agent shall give notice as soon as practicable to the Noteholders of the 
occurrence of the relevant disruption event on any day that, but for the occurrence of a 
Disrupted Day, would have been an Autocall Observation Date, Strike Determination 
Date, Coupon Observation Date, Relevant Observation Date, Initial Observation Date, 
Initial Averaging Date, Final Observation Date or Observation Date, as applicable. Such 
notice shall give the details of such disruption event and the action proposed to be taken 
by the Calculation Agent in relation thereto. 
3.  
Consequences of Potential Adjustment Events 
(a) 
Potential Adjustment Event means the occurrence of any of the following at any time 
on or after the Trade Date: 
(i) 
a subdivision, consolidation or reclassification of the relevant number of ETF 
Units, or a free distribution or dividend of any such ETF Units to existing 
holders by way of bonus, capitalisation or similar issue; 
(ii) 
a distribution, issue or dividend to existing holders of the relevant ETF Units 
of (A) an additional quantity of such ETF Units or (B) other share capital or 
securities granting the right to payment of dividends and/or the proceeds of

--- Page 260 ---
260 
liquidation of the ETF equally or proportionately with such payments to 
holders of such ETF Units or (C) share capital or other securities of another 
issuer acquired or owned (directly or indirectly) by the ETF as a result of a 
spin-off or other similar transaction or (D) any other type of securities, rights 
or warrants or other assets, in any case for payment (in cash or otherwise) at 
less than the prevailing market price as determined by the Calculation Agent; 
(iii) 
an extraordinary dividend paid by the ETF; 
(iv) 
a repurchase by the ETF of relevant ETF Units whether the consideration for 
such repurchase is cash, securities or otherwise, other than in respect of a 
redemption of ETF Units initiated by an investor in such ETF that is consistent 
with the ETF Documents; or 
(v) 
any other event that may have a diluting or concentrative effect on the 
theoretical value of the ETF or quantity of ETF Units. 
(b) 
Following the occurrence of any Potential Adjustment Event, the Calculation Agent 
will, in its sole and absolute discretion, determine whether such Potential Adjustment 
Event has a diluting or concentrative effect on the theoretical value of the ETF or Basket 
of ETF and, if so: 
(i) 
the Calculation Agent may make such adjustments to any of the Conditions as 
it considers appropriate to preserve the economic equivalent of the obligations 
of the Issuer under the Notes and determine the date(s) on which any such 
adjustments will be effective. In making any such adjustments, the Calculation 
Agent may take into account the equivalent adjustment(s) which would be made 
to an exchange traded fund derivative transaction in the interbank market 
following the relevant event occurring and where the Calculation Agent deems 
appropriate (in its sole and absolute discretion), adjust the Conditions to give 
effect to such adjustment(s); or 
(ii) 
the Issuer may give notice to the Noteholders that it elects to apply Monetisation 
until the Maturity Date in accordance with the provisions of section 7 below; or  
(iii) 
the Issuer may give notice to the Noteholders that it elects to redeem the Notes 
at their Early Redemption Amount, subject always to the terms of the Payoff 
Annex.  
Upon the Calculation Agent making a determination pursuant to this section 3(b) which 
results in any adjustments of the terms of the Notes, the Issuer shall give notice as soon 
as practicable to Noteholders giving details of such determination. 
(c) 
Adjustments to Certain ETF Linked Notes in European Currencies 
In respect of any ETF originally quoted, listed and/or dealt as of the Issue Date in a 
currency of a member state of the European Union that has not adopted the single 
currency in accordance with the Treaty, if such ETF are at any time after the Issue Date 
quoted, listed and/or dealt exclusively in Euro on the relevant Exchange or, where no 
Exchange is specified, the principal market on which those ETF are traded, then the 
Calculation Agent may make the corresponding adjustment, if any, to any relevant 
term(s) of the ETF Linked Notes as the Calculation Agent determines appropriate to 
preserve the economic terms of the ETF Linked Note. The Calculation Agent will make 
any conversion necessary for the purposes of any such adjustment as of the Valuation 
Time at the appropriate mid-market spot rate of exchange determined by the Calculation 
Agent prevailing as of the Valuation Time. No adjustments under this paragraph will

--- Page 261 ---
261 
affect the currency denomination of any payment obligation arising out of the ETF 
Linked Note. 
4. 
Consequences of Extraordinary Events  
Any of the following events which occurs on or after the Issue Date will be an Extraordinary 
Event): 
(a) 
Breach or Termination of Agreement means any failure by the ETF or an ETF Service 
Provider, as the case may be, to comply with or perform any agreement entered into by 
the ETF or an ETF Service Provider with the Issuer and/or any of their respective 
Affiliates, defining the terms and conditions at which the Issuer and/or any of their 
respective Affiliates may make subscriptions and/or redemptions in the ETF Units (as 
the case may be, different from the subscriptions and redemptions terms then prevailing 
pursuant to the ETF Documents), including as the case may be the rebates of 
management fees to be paid to the Issuer and/or any of their respective Affiliates, the 
termination of such agreement by the ETF or an ETF Service Provider for reasons 
beyond the control of the Issuer and/or any of their respective Affiliates or the failing 
or ceasing of such agreement to be in full force and effect or the ETF or the ETF Service 
Provider disaffirms, disclaims, repudiates or rejects in whole or in part or challenges the 
validity of such agreement; 
(b) 
Closure of the ETF means liquidation, winding up or dissolution of the ETF for any 
reason other than those mentioned in (d) below; 
(c) 
ETF Adviser Event means that the Calculation Agent determines that over a period of 
twelve months, the total value of the assets managed by the ETF Adviser (including the 
ETF) has decreased by 50 per cent.(either due to redemptions or decrease in value of 
such assets); 
(d) 
ETF Insolvency Event means, if specified as applicable in the applicable Final Terms, 
in respect of any ETF, that such ETF (i) is dissolved or has a resolution passed for its 
dissolution, winding-up, official liquidation (other than pursuant to a consolidation, 
amalgamation or merger); (ii) makes a general assignment or arrangement with or for 
the benefit of its creditors, (iii) (1) institutes or has instituted against it, by a regulator, 
supervisor or any similar official with primary insolvency, rehabilitative or regulatory 
jurisdiction over it in the jurisdiction of its incorporation or organisation or the 
jurisdiction of its head or home office, a proceeding seeking a judgment of insolvency 
or bankruptcy or any other relief under any bankruptcy or insolvency law or other 
similar law affecting creditors' rights, or a petition is presented for its winding-up or 
liquidation by it or such regulator, supervisor or similar official, or (2) has instituted 
against it a proceeding seeking a judgment of insolvency or bankruptcy or any other 
relief under any bankruptcy or insolvency law or other similar law affecting creditors' 
rights, or a petition is presented for its winding-up or liquidation, and such proceeding 
or petition is instituted or presented by a person or entity not described in clause (1) 
above and either (x) results in a judgment of insolvency or bankruptcy or the entry of 
an order for relief or the making of an order for its winding-up or liquidation or (y) is 
not dismissed, discharged, stayed or restrained in each case within fifteen days of the 
institution or presentation thereof; (iv) seeks or becomes subject to the appointment of 
an administrator, provisional liquidator, conservator, receiver, trustee, custodian or 
other similar official for it or for all or substantially all its assets; (v) has a secured party 
take possession of all or substantially all its assets or has a distress, execution, 
attachment, sequestration or other legal process levied, enforced or sued on or against 
all or substantially all of its assets and such secured party maintains possession, or any 
such process is not dismissed, discharged, stayed or restrained, in each case within

--- Page 262 ---
262 
fifteen days thereafter; or (vi) causes or is subject to any event with respect to it which, 
under the applicable laws of any jurisdiction, has an analogous effect to any of the events 
specified in clauses (i) through (v) above; 
(e) 
ETF Modification means any change or modification of the related ETF Documents 
prevailing on the Issue Date of the Notes, that could reasonably be expected to affect 
the value of such ETF or the rights or remedies of any holders thereof, as determined 
by the Calculation Agent; 
(f) 
ETF Service Provider Event means (i) a change, resignation, termination or 
replacement of any ETF Service Provider, (ii) a change of control or indirect control of 
any ETF Service Provider, (iii) any of the ETF Service Provider is subject to an ETF 
Service Provider Insolvency Event, where "ETF Service Provider Insolvency Event" 
has the same meaning as ETF Insolvency Event described in (d) above, except that ETF 
is replaced by ETF Service Provider, (iv) in the reasonable opinion of the Calculation 
Agent, any of the ETF Service Providers is no longer deemed able to carry out its 
business with the standard of care which was prevailing on the Issue Date or the 
resignation, termination, replacement, or death of any person deemed to be key in the 
management of the ETF has occurred or an ETF Service Provider ceases to exist; 
(g) 
Holding Ratio means the reduction of the ETF's aggregate Net Asset Value under an 
amount that, in the reasonable opinion of the Calculation Agent, has, or is likely to have, 
a significant effect on the management conditions of the ETF and/or its operating 
expenses or would increase the proportion of the ETF Units held, or likely to be held, 
by a Hypothetical Investor, or any funds managed by the same, to such extent that the 
full redemption in one single Valid Order of the ETF Units held by a Hypothetical 
Investor or funds managed by the same, is likely to be impaired; 
(h) 
Merger Event means the conversion of the ETF Units into another class of fund units 
or securities, or the split of the ETF, its consolidation or its merger with, or its sale or 
its conveyance of all or substantially all its assets to, a third party; 
(i) 
Nationalisation means that all the ETF Units or all or substantially all the assets of an 
ETF are nationalised, expropriated or are otherwise required to be transferred to any 
governmental agency, authority, entity or instrumentality thereof; 
(j) 
Regulatory Action means, with respect to any ETF, (i) cancellation, suspension or 
revocation of the registration or approval of such ETF by any governmental, legal or 
regulatory entity with authority over such ETF Units or ETF, (ii) any change in the legal, 
tax, accounting, or regulatory treatments of the relevant ETF or its ETF Service Provider 
that is reasonably likely to have an adverse impact on the value of such ETF or on any 
investor therein (as determined by the Calculation Agent), or (iii) such ETF or any of 
its ETF Service Provider becoming subject to any investigation, proceeding or litigation 
by any relevant governmental, legal or regulatory authority involving the alleged 
violation of applicable law for any activities relating to or resulting from the operation 
of such ETF or ETF Service Provider; 
(k) 
Reporting Disruption means, if specified as applicable in the applicable Final Terms, 
in respect of any ETF, any failure of such ETF to deliver, or cause to be delivered, 
(i) information that such ETF has agreed to deliver, or cause to be delivered to a 
Hypothetical Investor or (ii) information that has been previously delivered to a 
Hypothetical Investor in accordance with such ETF, or its authorised representative's, 
normal practice and that the Calculation Agent deems necessary to monitor such ETF's 
compliance with any investment guidelines, asset allocation methodologies or any other 
similar policies relating to such ETF;

--- Page 263 ---
263 
(l) 
Strategy Breach means (i) any breach or violation of any strategy or investment 
guidelines stated in the related ETF Documents, that is reasonably likely to affect the 
value of the ETF or the rights or remedies of any holders thereof, in each case, as 
determined by the Calculation Agent or (ii) any material modification, as determined 
by the Calculation Agent, of the risk profile of the ETF from its risk profile prevailing 
on the Issue Date of the Notes by reason of, but not limited to, the modification of the 
proportions, or reduction of diversification, of the type of assets in which the ETF 
invests or a reduction of the average liquidity of the assets of the ETF; 
(m) 
De-listing Event means, in respect of an ETF, that such ETF: (i) ceases to be listed, 
traded or publicly quoted on the relevant Exchange or listing compartment of the 
relevant Exchange (for any reason other than a Merger Event or a tender offer) and is 
not immediately re-listed, retraded or re-quoted on an exchange or quotation system 
located in the same country as the Exchange (or where the Exchange is within the 
European Union, in any Member State of the European Union) or (ii) has its listing, 
trading or public quotation maintained in inappropriate conditions in the opinion of the 
Calculation Agent (such conditions to include, without limitation, a lack of liquidity or 
the disappearance of the relevant futures and/or option contract of the relevant ETF); 
However, notwithstanding anything to the contrary in (i) and (ii) above, a De-listing 
Event shall not occur in respect of the ETF if the ETF is immediately re-listed, re-traded 
and re-quoted on an exchange or quotation system within the same jurisdiction as the 
Exchange; 
(n) 
NAV Currency Event means that the Net Asset Value of the ETF is no longer 
denominated in the currency in which it was denominated on the Issue Date; 
(o) 
NAV Calculation Disruption Event means, in respect of the ETF and a ETF Valuation 
Day, that (i) the Calculation Agent, acting in its sole discretion, determines that an event 
(other than an event described in paragraph (p) below) has occurred which affect the 
ETF negatively and make it impossible or impracticable to calculate and/or publish the 
Net Asset Value of the ETF as of such day and (ii) such event has been continuing for 
more than five (5) Scheduled Trading Days; 
(p) 
ETF Settlement Disruption means in respect of an ETF and an ETF Valuation Day, a 
failure by the ETF to pay in cash the full amount of the redemption proceeds on the date 
by which the ETF was scheduled to have paid such amount and which, in the 
determination of the Calculation Agent, makes it impossible or impracticable to 
determine the Net Asset Value of such ETF as of such date, including without limitation 
due to (i) the transfer of all illiquid assets of such ETF to a dedicated fund, account or 
structure pending the liquidation of such assets for the benefit of existing holders of the 
ETF Units, (ii) the restriction on the amount or number of redemptions orders that the 
ETF (or the ETF Service Provider generally in charge of accepting redemption orders) 
will accept in relation to a single date on which the ETF normally accepts redemption 
orders, (iii) the suspension for any reason of the subscription or redemption orders by 
the ETF (or the ETF Service Provider generally in charge of accepting subscription and 
redemption orders), or (iv) the postponement of the payment of the balance of 
redemption proceeds to a date occurring after the financial statements of the ETF have 
been reviewed by the ETF's statutory auditors, in each case whether these events are 
imposed by the ETF without being envisaged in the ETF Documents on the ETF launch 
date or are already envisaged by the ETF Documents on the ETF launch date and are 
solely implemented by the ETF after such date; 
(q) 
Tender Offer means, if specified as applicable in the applicable Final Terms, a takeover 
offer, tender offer, exchange offer, solicitation, proposal or other event by any entity or

--- Page 264 ---
264 
person that results in such entity or person purchasing, or otherwise obtaining or having 
the right to obtain, by conversion or other means, greater than 10 per cent. and less than 
100 per cent. of the outstanding voting shares, units or interests of the ETF, as 
determined by the Calculation Agent, based upon the making of filings with 
governmental or self-regulatory agencies or such other information as the Calculation 
Agent deems relevant; 
(r) 
ETF Reclassification means (i) the reclassification of the ETF Units, (ii) the index that 
the ETF tracks changes or (iii) the acquisition of the ETF by, or the aggregation of the 
ETF into, another fund whose mandate, risk-profile and/or benchmarks that the 
Calculation Agent determines to be different from the mandate, risk-profile and/or 
benchmark as of the Issue Date (or any proposal for the foregoing occurs); or 
(s) 
ETF Redemption or Subscription Event means (i) the suspension of transfers of any 
ETF Units, (ii) the introduction of a mandatory redemption or partial redemption of the 
ETF Units, (iii) the non-execution of any creation, subscription or redemption order in 
respect of the ETF Units, or (iv) the introduction or proposed introduction of 
subscription or redemption fees with respect to the ETF Units in excess of those in effect 
as of the Issue Date, 
Upon the occurrence as determined by the Calculation Agent, then: 
(a) 
in the case of sub-paragraph (h) above only, the Calculation Agent may replace the ETF 
Units by the kind and number of units or other securities and property receivable on 
such conversion, split, consolidation, merger, sale or conveyance by a holder of ETF 
Units prior to such conversion, split, consolidation, merger, sale or conveyance for the 
purposes of determining the value of the ETF and make any adjustment (if necessary) 
to the value of such ETF; or 
(b) 
the Calculation Agent may (i) identify an exchange traded fund (the Substitute ETF) 
having an investment strategy similar to the investment strategy of the ETF affected by 
the Extraordinary Event (the Affected ETF) and (ii) adjust any relevant terms of the 
Notes to preserve the economic equivalent of the obligations of the Issuer under the 
Notes; for information purposes, it is understood that in all cases described herein where 
an ETF is substituted, on any date "t", with a Substitute ETF, the value of the relevant 
component in the formula used to determine the amount to be paid as described in the 
applicable Final Terms, shall not be affected by the substitution on such date "t" in 
respect of the Substitute ETF and would mean the closing price of such Substitute ETF 
on the relevant Exchange on the date "t" is weighted by an appropriate linking 
coefficient so that it is equal to the closing price of the Affected ETF on such date "t"; 
or 
(c) 
the Calculation Agent may make such adjustments to any of the Conditions as it 
considers appropriate to account for any such event and determine the date(s) on which 
any such adjustments will be effective; or 
(d) 
the Issuer may, in its sole and absolute discretion, give notice to the Noteholders that it 
elects to apply Monetisation until the Maturity Date in accordance with the provisions 
of section 7 below; or 
(e) 
the Issuer may, upon giving notice to the Noteholders, redeem all but not some only of 
the Notes, each Note being redeemed at their Early Redemption Amount, subject always 
to the terms of the Payoff Annex.

--- Page 265 ---
265 
Upon the Calculation Agent making a determination pursuant to this section 3 which results in 
any adjustments of the terms of the Notes, the Issuer shall give notice as soon as practicable to 
Noteholders giving details of such determination. 
4. 
Correction of the ETF Closing Price 
With the exception of any corrections published after the day which is three (3) Exchange 
Business Days prior to the due date for any payment under the Notes calculated by reference to 
the ETF Closing Price, if the ETF Closing Price published on a given day and used or to be used 
by the Calculation Agent to make any determination under the Notes, is subsequently corrected 
and the correction published by the relevant Exchange, the price to be used shall be the price of 
the ETF as so corrected. Corrections published after the day, which is three (3) Exchange 
Business Days prior to a due date for payment under the Notes calculated by reference to the 
ETF Closing Price, will be disregarded by the Calculation Agent for the purposes of determining 
the relevant amount to be paid. 
5. 
Consequences of an Additional Disruption Event 
Consequences of an Additional Disruption Event 
(a) 
If "Change in Law", "Hedging Disruption" and/or "Increased Cost of Hedging" 
(each, an Additional Disruption Event) is specified in the Final Terms to be 
applicable, then upon the occurrence of any such an event the Issuer may: 
(i) 
give notice to the Noteholders that it elects to apply Monetisation until the 
Maturity Date in accordance with the provisions of section 7 below; or 
(ii) 
require the Calculation Agent to make such adjustments to any of the 
Conditions as it considers appropriate in its sole and absolute discretion to 
account for such Additional Disruption Event and determine the date(s) on 
which any such adjustments will be effective; or 
(iii) 
give notice to the Noteholders that it elects to redeem the Notes at their Early 
Redemption Amount, subject always to the terms of the Payoff Annex. 
(b) 
Upon the occurrence of an Additional Disruption Event, the Issuer shall give notice as 
soon as practicable to the Noteholders stating the occurrence of the Additional 
Disruption Event, giving details thereof and the action proposed to be taken in relation 
thereto. 
6. 
Events having a material effect on the Notes 
Notwithstanding, and without prejudice to, the foregoing provisions of this Fund Unit Annex, 
if any event (whether or not such event is expressly described or otherwise referred to herein) 
occurs which the Calculation Agent determines, acting in good faith, has a material effect on 
the Notes, then: 
(a) 
the Issuer may give notice to the Noteholders that it elects to apply Monetisation until 
the Maturity Date in accordance with the provisions of section 7 below; or 
(b) 
the Calculation Agent may make such adjustments to any of the Conditions as it 
considers appropriate to account for any such event and determine the date(s) on which 
any such adjustments will be effective; or 
(c) 
the Issuer may, upon giving notice to the Noteholders, redeem all but not some only of 
the Notes, each Note being redeemed at their Early Redemption Amount, subject always 
to the terms of the Payoff Annex.

--- Page 266 ---
266 
Upon the Calculation Agent making a determination pursuant to this section 6 which results in 
any adjustments of the terms of the Notes, the Issuer shall give notice as soon as practicable to 
Noteholders giving details of such determination. 
7. 
Monetisation until the Maturity Date 
(a) 
Following notice by the Issuer to the Noteholder that it elects to apply Monetisation 
until the Maturity Date, the Issuer shall no longer be liable for the payment of (1) the 
Instalment Amount(s) initially scheduled to be paid on each Instalment Date and/or (2) 
the Optional Redemption Amount on the Optional Redemption Date and/or (3) the Final 
Redemption Amount on the Maturity Date, but instead will, in full and final satisfaction 
of its obligations under the Notes, pay on the Maturity Date an amount per Note, 
determined by the Calculation Agent as the result of: 
(i) 
100% of the Specified Denomination of the Note; 
plus 
(ii) 
the Monetisation Payment Amount (which may be a positive amount or a 
negative amount) corresponding to the Monetisation Calculation Amount (1) 
capitalised at the applicable zero-coupon rate (which may be positive or 
negative) from and including the Full Liquidation Date (or, if later and 
applicable, the Optional Full Liquidation Date or the Instalment Full 
Liquidation Date) to but excluding the Maturity Date and (2) apportioned pro 
rata amongst the Specified Denomination of each Note. 
less 
(iii) 
the Associated Costs apportioned pro rata amongst the Specified Denomination 
of each Note (without double counting of any cost taken into account in the 
Monetisation Calculation Amount), 
subject to a minimum of zero. 
The Monetisation Calculation Amount is equal to the net cash amount that the Issuer 
or any of its affiliates would be left with (in which case the Monetisation Calculation 
Amount will be expressed as a positive amount) or would have to pay (in which case 
the Monetisation Calculation Amount will be expressed as a negative amount) on the 
Instalment Full Liquidation Date (and, if applicable, the Optional Full Liquidation Date 
and/or the Instalment Full Liquidation Date), as a result of liquidating the Hedge 
Positions (and, if applicable, Optional Hedge Positions and/or the Instalment Hedge 
Positions) (inter alia by satisfying any obligations or liabilities in place with respect to 
or part of such Hedge Positions (and, if applicable, Optional Hedge Positions and/or 
Instalment Hedge Positions), if any, with the liquidation proceeds of the assets of the 
Hedge Positions (and, if applicable, Optional Hedge Positions and/or Instalment Hedge 
Positions)), the result of which, converted if necessary into the Specified Currency using 
the Relevant Spot Exchange Rate on the Full Liquidation Date or, if later and applicable, 
the Optional Full Liquidation Date or the Instalment Full Liquidation Date. 
(b) 
Definitions specific to the Monetisation until the Maturity Date 
"Associated Costs" means an amount determined by the Calculation Agent in its 
reasonable discretion equal to the sum of (without duplication) all costs (including, 
without limitation, cost of funding), losses, expenses, tax and duties incurred by the 
Issuer or any of its affiliates in connection with the termination, liquidation or re-
establishment of the Intermediate Hedge Positions, the Optional Hedge Positions, 
and/or the Hedge Positions, as the case may be. 
"Full Liquidation Date" means, in respect of the Maturity Date, the date on which the 
liquidation proceeds of the Hedge Positions (including inter alia by satisfying any

--- Page 267 ---
267 
obligations or liabilities in place with respect to or part of such Hedge Positions, if any, 
with the liquidation proceeds of the assets of such Hedge Positions) are deemed, as 
determined by the Calculation Agent, to be fully received by the Issuer or any of its 
affiliates. 
"Hedge Positions" means any purchase, sale, entry into or maintenance, by the Issuer 
or any of its affiliates, of one or more (a) positions or contracts in securities, options, 
futures, derivatives, interest rate transactions or foreign exchange transactions, 
(b) securities lending/borrowing transactions, (c) cash deposits or cash borrowings 
and/or (d) other instruments, arrangements, assets or liabilities howsoever described, in 
order to hedge individually or on a portfolio basis, the part of the Issuer’s obligations 
under the Notes linked to or indexed to the relevant Fund Unit or Basket of Fund Units, 
as applicable, due on the Maturity Date provided that, if the Instalment Full Liquidation 
Date and/or the Optional Full Liquidation Date has not occurred on or before the fourth 
Business Day preceding the Maturity Date, then Hedge Positions will include the 
Instalment Hedge Positions and/or the Optional Hedge Positions, if applicable. 
"Instalment Full Liquidation Date" means, in respect of any Instalment Payment 
Date, the date on which the liquidation proceeds of the Instalment Hedge Positions 
(including inter alia by satisfying any obligations or liabilities in place with respect to 
or part of such Intermediate Hedge Positions, if any, with the liquidation proceeds of 
the assets of such Instalment Hedge Positions) are deemed, as determined by the 
Calculation Agent, to be fully received by the Issuer or any of its affiliates. 
"Instalment Hedge Positions" means any purchase, sale, entry into or maintenance, by 
the Issuer or any of its affiliates, of one or more (a) positions or contracts in securities, 
options, futures, derivatives, interest rate transactions or foreign exchange transactions, 
(b) securities lending/borrowing transactions, (c) cash deposits or cash borrowings 
and/or (d) other instruments, arrangements, assets or liabilities howsoever described, in 
order to hedge individually or on a portfolio basis, the part of the Issuer’s obligations 
under the Notes linked to or indexed to the Fund Unit or Basket of Fund Units, as 
applicable, due on an Instalment Date. 
"Optional Full Liquidation Date" means, in respect of an Optional Redemption Date, 
the date on which the liquidation proceeds of the Optional Hedge Positions (including 
inter alia by satisfying any obligations or liabilities in place with respect to or part of 
such Optional Hedge Positions, if any, with the liquidation proceeds of the assets of 
such Optional Hedge Positions) are deemed, as determined by the Calculation Agent, 
to be fully received by the Issuer or any of its affiliates. 
"Optional Hedge Positions" means any purchase, sale, entry into or maintenance, by 
the Issuer or any of its affiliates, of one or more (a) positions or contracts in securities, 
options, futures, derivatives, interest rate transactions or foreign exchange transactions, 
(b) securities lending/borrowing transactions, (c) cash deposits or cash borrowings 
and/or (d) other instruments, arrangements, assets or liabilities howsoever described, in 
order to hedge individually or on a portfolio basis, the part of the Issuer’s obligations 
under the Notes linked to or indexed to the Fund Unit or Basket of Fund Units, as 
applicable, due on an Optional Redemption Date. 
"Relevant Spot Exchange Rate" means in respect of a date and an amount to be 
converted into the Specified Currency, the rate of exchange of the currency in which 
such amount is denominated into the Specified Currency used to convert such amount 
on such date into the Specified Currency as determined by the Calculation Agent.

--- Page 268 ---
268 
8. 
Definitions 
Autocall Observation Date means each date specified as such or otherwise determined in 
accordance with the Final Terms (or, if such date is not a Scheduled Trading Day, the next 
following Scheduled Trading Day). 
Basket or Basket of ETF means a basket composed of the ETF in the relative proportions or 
numbers of ETF specified in the applicable Final Terms. 
Basket ETF Linked Notes means ETF Linked Notes, which are linked to more than one ETF 
Unit, as, specified in the applicable Final Terms. 
Change in Law means that, on or after the Issue Date, (A) due to the adoption of or any change 
in any applicable law or regulation (including, without limitation, any tax law), or (B) due to the 
promulgation of or any change in the interpretation by any court, tribunal or regulatory authority 
with competent jurisdiction of any applicable law or regulation (including any action taken by 
a taxing authority), the Issuer determines, or a Hypothetical Investor would determine, in its 
sole and absolute discretion that it has become illegal to hold, acquire or dispose of relevant 
hedge positions relating to the ETF or Basket of ETF, as applicable. 
Coupon Observation Date means each date specified as such or otherwise determined in 
accordance with the Final Terms (or, if such date is not a Scheduled Trading Day, the next 
following Scheduled Trading Day). 
Clearance System means the clearance system specified for an ETF in the Final Terms or any 
successor to such clearance system as determined by the Calculation Agent. If the Final Terms 
does not specify a Clearance System, the Clearance System will be the principal domestic 
clearance system customarily used for settling trades in the relevant ETF. If the Clearance 
System ceases to settle trades in such ETF, the Calculation Agent will determine what is deemed 
to be the relevant Clearing System. 
Clearance System Business Day means, in respect of a Clearance System, any day on which 
such Clearance System is (or, but for the occurrence of a Settlement Disruption Event, would 
have been) open for the acceptance and execution of settlement instructions. 
Currency Rate means with respect to the relevant ETF Unit, the rate of conversion between 
the Settlement Currency and ETF Unit Currency. The relevant rate shall be the rate displayed 
on the Currency Screen Page as of the Currency Specified Date at the Currency Specified Time 
or, if no such Currency Screen Page is specified in the applicable Final Terms or such Currency 
Screen Page is not available, the relevant rate shall be the rate determined by the Calculation 
Agent in good faith and in a commercially reasonable manner. 
Currency Screen Page means the relevant screen page specified in the applicable Final Terms 
for the purpose of determining the relevant exchange rate or, if no such Currency Screen Page 
is specified in the applicable Final Terms, the screen page determined by the Calculation Agent 
in good faith and in commercially reasonable manner. 
Currency Specified Date means the date specified in the applicable Final Terms for the purpose 
of determining the relevant exchange rate or, if no such Currency Specified Date is specified in 
the applicable Final Terms, the date determined by the Calculation Agent in good faith and in 
commercially reasonable manner. 
Currency Specified Time means the time specified in the applicable Final Terms for the 
purpose of determining the relevant exchange rate or, if no such Currency Specified Time is 
specified in the applicable Final Terms, the specified time determined by the Calculation Agent 
in good faith and in commercially reasonable manner.

--- Page 269 ---
269 
Disrupted Day means, in respect of an ETF (or, in the case of a Basket of ETF, in respect of 
any ETF comprising the Basket and observed separately), any Scheduled Trading Day on which 
(a) a relevant Exchange or Related Exchange fails to open for trading during its regular trading 
session or (b) a Market Disruption Event has occurred. 
Disruption Longstop Date means, in respect of the occurrence of a Disrupted Day, the last 
Scheduled Trading Day in the sequence of consecutive Scheduled Trading Days equal to the 
Maximum Days of Disruption immediately following the Scheduled Observation Date. 
ETF means, subject to adjustment in accordance with these ETF Linked Conditions, the 
exchange traded fund(s) specified as such in the applicable Final Terms and related expressions 
shall be construed accordingly. 
ETF Closing Price means in respect of an ETF Unit and a given day, the Net Asset Value of 
such ETF Unit for that day or the official closing price of such ETF Unit on the relevant 
Exchange for that day, as selected by the Calculation Agent, in each case as adjusted (if 
applicable) pursuant to the provisions of those ETF Linked Condition unless the Calculation 
Agent determines that, in accordance with market conventions, such method of determining the 
ETF Closing Price is not applicable in which case the ETF Closing Price shall be determined in 
the manner elected by the Calculation Agent, having regard to such market conventions. 
ETF Determination Date has the meaning set out in ETF Linked Condition 0 (Consequences 
of the occurrence of Disrupted Days). 
ETF Documents means, in respect of any ETF, the constitutive and governing documents and 
other agreements of the ETF specifying the terms and conditions relating to such ETF. 
ETF Price means, in respect of an ETF Unit and a given Scheduled Trading Day, the price of 
such ETF Unit on the relevant Exchange at the Valuation Time during a trading session on that 
Scheduled Trading Day, as adjusted (if applicable) pursuant to the provisions of those ETF 
Linked Condition unless the Calculation Agent determines that in accordance with market 
conventions, such method of determining the ETF Price is not appropriate in which case the 
ETF Price shall be determined in the manner elected by the Calculation Agent, having regard to 
such market conventions. 
ETF Service Provider means, in respect of any ETF, any person who is appointed to provide 
services, directly or indirectly, for that ETF, whether or not specified in the ETF Documents, 
including any fund investment adviser, fund administrator, manager, any person appointed in 
the role of discretionary investment manager or non-discretionary investment adviser (including 
a non-discretionary investment adviser to a discretionary manager or another non-discretionary 
investment adviser) for such ETF (the ETF Adviser), trustee or similar person with the primary 
administrative responsibilities for such ETF, operator, management company, depository, 
custodian, sub-custodian, prime broker, registrar and transfer agent or domiciliary agent. 
ETF Unit or Unit means, in respect of any ETF, a share or unit of such ETF. 
ETF Unit Currency means the currency or currencies in which an ETF Unit is denominated. 
ETF Unit Dealer means (a) a dealer in obligations of the type of ETF Unit for which quotations 
are to be obtained (as selected by the Calculation Agent) and may include the Calculation Agent 
or its Affiliate and a Noteholder or its Affiliate or (b) such other dealer specified as such in the 
applicable Final Terms. 
ETF Valuation Day means, in respect of each ETF observed separately, any date as defined in 
the ETF Documents as of which the official net asset value of such ETF is determined in 
accordance with its ETF Documents.

--- Page 270 ---
270 
Exchange means, in respect of an ETF, each corresponding exchange or quotation system 
specified in the applicable Final Terms, or any successor exchange or quotation system or any 
substitute exchange or quotation system to which trading in the ETF, has temporarily relocated 
(provided that the Calculation Agent has determined that there is comparable liquidity relative 
to such ETF, on such temporary substitute exchange or quotation system as on the original 
Exchange). 
Exchange Business Day means either (a) in the case of an ETF, Exchange Business Day (Single 
ETF Basis) or (b) in the case of a Basket of ETF, (i) the Exchange Business Day (All ETF Basis) 
or (ii) the Exchange Business Day (Per ETF Basis) as specified in the applicable Final Terms. 
If no Exchange Business Day is specified as applying in the applicable Final Terms, Exchange 
Business Day (All ETF Basis) shall be deemed to apply for a Basket and Exchange Business 
Day (Single ETF Basis) shall apply otherwise. 
Exchange Business Day (All ETF Basis) means, in respect of all ETF, any Scheduled Trading 
Day on which each Exchange and each Related Exchange are open for trading during their 
respective regular trading sessions, notwithstanding any such Exchange or Related Exchange 
closing prior to its Scheduled Closing Time. 
Exchange Business Day (Per ETF Basis) means, in respect of an ETF, any Scheduled Trading 
Day on which the relevant Exchange and the Related Exchange in respect of such ETF are open 
for trading during their respective regular trading sessions, notwithstanding any such Exchange 
or Related Exchange closing prior to their Scheduled Closing Time. 
Exchange Business Day (Single ETF Basis) means any Scheduled Trading Day on which the 
relevant Exchange and the relevant Related Exchange, if any, are open for trading during their 
respective regular trading session(s), notwithstanding any such relevant Exchange or relevant 
Related Exchange closing prior to their Scheduled Closing Time. 
Final Observation Date means the date specified as such or otherwise determined in 
accordance with the Final Terms (or, if such date is not a Scheduled Tradind Day, the next 
following Scheduled Trading Day). 
Hedging Disruption means that the Issuer is, or a Hypothetical Investor would be, unable to 
(1) acquire, establish, re-establish, substitute, maintain, unwind or dispose of any transaction(s) 
or asset(s) it deems necessary to hedge the inflation price risk or any other relevant price risk 
including but not limited to the currency risk of the Issuer in issuing and performing its 
obligations with respect to the Notes, or (2) freely realise, recover, remit, receive, repatriate or 
transfer the proceeds of any such transaction(s) or asset(s). 
Hypothetical Hedge Positions means any purchase, sale, entry into or maintenance, by a 
Hypothetical Investor, of one or more (a) positions or contracts in the ETF, options, futures, 
derivatives, interest rate transactions or foreign exchange transactions, (b) securities 
lending/borrowing transactions, (c) cash deposits or cash borrowings and/or (d) other 
instruments, arrangements, assets or liabilities howsoever described, in order to hedge 
individually or on a portfolio basis, the part of the Issuer's obligations under the Notes linked to 
or indexed to the relevant ETF due on the Maturity Date apportioned pro rata to each 
outstanding Note. 
Hypothetical Investor means, with respect to the Hypothetical Hedge Positions, a hypothetical 
investor in such Hypothetical Hedge Positions (including the ETF Units), located in France 
(which for the avoidance of doubt may be the Issuer and/or any of their respective Affiliates), 
and deemed, in respect of the Hypothetical Hedge Positions constituted by the ETF, to have (a) 
the benefits and obligations, as provided under the ETF Documents, of an investor holding the 
ETF; (b) in the case of any deemed redemption of such ETF, to have submitted a Valid Order

--- Page 271 ---
271 
requesting redemption of the ETF; and (c) in the case of any deemed investment in such ETF, 
to have submitted a Valid Order requesting subscription of the ETF. 
Increased Cost of Hedging means that the Issuer or a Hypothetical Investor would incur an 
increased amount of cost (including tax, duty, expenses or fees) to (i) acquire, establish, re-
establish, substitute, maintain, unwind or dispose of any transaction(s) or asset(s) it deems 
necessary to hedge the market risk (including, without limitation, inflation price risk, foreign 
exchange risk and interest rate risk) of the Issuer in issuing and performing its obligations with 
respect to the Notes, or (ii) realise, recover or remit the proceeds of any such transaction(s) or 
asset(s), provided that any such increased amount that is incurred solely due to the deterioration 
of the creditworthiness of the Issuer shall not be deemed an Increased Cost of Hedging. 
Initial Observation Date means the date specified as such or otherwise determined in 
accordance with the Final Terms (or, if such date is not a Scheduled Trading Day, the next 
following Scheduled Trading Day). 
Net Asset Value in respect of an ETF and an ETF Valuation Day, the amount or amounts per 
unit of such ETF including (for subscription orders) or net (for redemption orders) of all 
applicable costs, taxes and fees (if any) that would be paid (for subscription orders) or received 
(for redemption orders) in cash in one or more times by a Hypothetical Investor pursuant to a 
Valid Order for the subscription or redemption (as applicable) of units of the ETF scheduled to 
be executed on the official net asset value per unit determined by the ETF (or the ETF service 
provider that generally determines such value) dated as of such ETF Valuation Day. 
Observation Date means each date specified as such or otherwise determined in accordance 
with the Final Terms (or, if such date is not a Scheduled Trading Day, the next following 
Scheduled Trading Day). 
Related Exchange(s) means, in respect of an ETF, (a) each exchange or quotation system 
specified as such in the applicable Final Terms and/or where trading has a material effect (as 
determined by the Calculation Agent) on the overall market for futures and options contracts 
relating to such ETF and (b) any successor exchange or quotation system or any substitute 
exchange or quotation system to which trading in futures or options contracts relating to an ETF 
has temporarily relocated (provided that the Calculation Agent has determined that there is 
comparable liquidity relative to the futures or options contracts relating to such ETF, on such 
temporary substitute exchange or quotation system as on the original Related Exchange). 
Relevant Observation Date means each date specified as such or otherwise determined in 
accordance with the Final Terms (or, if such date is not a Scheduled Trading Day, the next 
following Scheduled Trading Day). 
Scheduled Closing Time means, in respect of an Exchange or Related Exchange and an 
Scheduled Trading Day, the scheduled weekday closing time of such Exchange or Related 
Exchange on such Scheduled Trading Day, without regard to after hours or any other trading 
outside of the regular trading session hours subject as provided in "Valuation Time" below. 
Scheduled Observation Date means any original date that, but for the occurrence of an event 
causing a Disrupted Day, would have been an Observation Date. 
Scheduled Trading Day means, either (a) in the case of a single ETF, Scheduled Trading Day 
(Single ETF Basis) or (b) in the case of a Basket of ETF, (i) Scheduled Trading Day (All ETF 
Basis) or (ii) Scheduled Trading Day (Per ETF Basis) as specified in the applicable Final Terms. 
If no Scheduled Trading Day is specified as applying in the applicable Final Terms, Scheduled 
Trading Day (All ETF Basis) shall be deemed to apply for a Basket of ETF and Scheduled 
Trading Day (Single ETF Basis) shall apply otherwise.

--- Page 272 ---
272 
Scheduled Trading Day (All ETF Basis) means, in respect of all ETF, any day on which each 
Exchange and each Related Exchange are scheduled to be open for trading for their respective 
regular trading sessions. 
Scheduled Trading Day (Per ETF Basis) means, in respect of an ETF, any day on which the 
relevant Exchange and Related Exchange in respect of such ETF are scheduled to be open for 
trading for their respective regular trading sessions. 
Scheduled Trading Day (Single ETF Basis) means any day on which the relevant Exchange 
and relevant Related Exchange are scheduled to be open for trading for their respective regular 
trading sessions. 
Settlement Currency means the currency specified as such in the applicable Final Terms, or if 
no currency is so specified in the Final Terms, the currency of the ETF Linked Notes. 
Settlement Disruption Event means, in respect of an ETF Unit, an event beyond the control of 
the Issuer as a result of which the relevant Clearance System cannot clear the transfer of such 
ETF Unit. 
Settlement Price on any day means, in respect of ETF Unit, the price of such ETF Unit 
determined by the Calculation Agent. 
Strike Determination Date means each date specified as such or otherwise determined in 
accordance with the Final Terms (or, if such date is not a Scheduled Trading Day, the next 
following Scheduled Trading Day). 
Valid Order means a valid and timely subscription or redemption order sent to the ETF or the 
ETF Service Provider that generally accepts such order, in accordance with the subscription or 
redemption notice period and the relevant cut off time as set forth in the ETF Documents. 
Valuation Time means, in respect of an ETF, the Valuation Time specified in the applicable 
Final Terms or, if no Valuation Time is specified, the Scheduled Closing Time on the relevant 
Exchange on the relevant Scheduled Trading Day, provided that if the relevant Exchange closes 
prior to its Scheduled Closing Time then the Valuation Time shall be such actual closing time. 
Weighting means, in relation to an ETF Unit comprised in a Basket, the percentage specified 
as such in the applicable Final Terms and representing the relative weighting of such ETF Unit 
in the Basket.

--- Page 273 ---
273 
MULTI-ASSET BASKET ANNEX 
ADDITIONAL TERMS AND CONDITIONS FOR MULTI-ASSET BASKET LINKED NOTES 
 
The terms and conditions applicable to Multi-Asset Basket Linked Notes shall comprise the Terms and 
Conditions of the Notes (the Note Conditions), the additional Terms and Conditions set out below in 
this Multi-Asset Basket Annex (the Multi-Asset Basket Linked Conditions) and the additional Terms 
and Conditions set out in the Payoff Annex (the Payoff Conditions and, together with the Note 
Conditions and the Multi-Asset Basket Linked Conditions, the Conditions) and, in each case subject to 
completion in the applicable Final Terms. In the event of any inconsistency between the Note Conditions 
and the Multi-Asset Basket Linked Conditions, the Multi-Asset Basket Linked Conditions shall prevail. 
In the event of any inconsistency between (i) the Note Conditions and the Multi-Asset Basket Linked 
Conditions and (ii) the Final Terms, the Final Terms shall prevail. References in the Multi-Asset Basket 
Linked Conditions to Notes shall be deemed to be references to Multi-Asset Basket Linked Notes. 
Defined terms used in this Multi-Asset Basket Annex or the related section of the Final Terms where the 
same term may be used in another Annex shall have the meanings given in this Multi-Asset Basket Annex 
or in the section of the Final Terms relating to Multi-Asset Basket Linked Notes notwithstanding the 
same terms being used in another Annex or section of the Final Terms. 
1. 
Multi-Asset Basket Linked Notes 
Unless the Notes are redeemed early in accordance with their terms and conditions, if the 
determination of the Interest Amount, the Early Redemption Amount, the Final Redemption 
Amount or the Instalment Amount, as the case may be, is postponed as a result of the occurrence 
of a Disrupted Day, then payment of any such amount (the Affected Amount) shall be 
postponed to the date which is two Payment Days following the latest to occur of (x) the Multi-
Asset Basket Determination Date; (y) the Disruption Longstop Date and (z) the scheduled date 
for payment of such Affected Amount, and such Affected Amount shall be paid without any 
interest or other sum payable in respect of the postponement of the payment of the Affected 
Amount. 
2. 
Multi-Asset Basket Component Specific Provisions 
In respect of each Multi-Asset Basket Component which is: 
(a) 
a Commodity or a Commodity Index, the provisions of Commodity Linked Condition 
2 (Adjustment to Commodity Indices), Commodity Linked Condition 3 (Consequences 
of Disrupted Days) and Commodity Linked Condition 6 (Correction of Commodity 
Reference Prices or Commodity Indices) shall apply to such Multi-Asset Basket 
Component; 
(b) 
an Index, the provisions of Index Linked Condition 1(b) (Index Linked Notes), Index 
Linked Condition 2 (Adjustment to Indices), Index Linked Condition 3 (Consequences 
of Disrupted Days) and Index Linked Condition 6 (Futures Price Valuation) shall apply 
to such Multi-Asset Basket Component; 
(c) 
a Benchmark Rate, the provisions of Rate Linked Condition 1 (Rate Linked Notes) and 
Rate Linked Condition 3 (Benchmark Trigger Events) shall apply to such Multi-Asset 
Basket Component; 
(d) 
an Inflation Index, the provisions of Inflation Linked Conditions 1 (Delay of 
Publication) to 5 (Manifest Error in Publication) inclusive shall apply to such Multi-
Asset Basket Component; 
(e) 
an ETF Unit, the provisions of ETF Linked Condition 2 (Consequences of Disrupted 
Days), ETF Linked Condition 3 (Consequences of Potential Adjustment Events), ETF 
Linked Condition 4 (Consequences of Extraordinary Events) and ETF Linked 
Condition 6 (Correction of the Closing Price) shall apply to such Multi-Asset Basket 
Component;

--- Page 274 ---
274 
(f) 
a Share, the provisions of Share Linked Condition 2 (Consequences of Disrupted Days), 
Share Linked Condition 3 (Consequences of Potential Adjustment Events), Share 
Linked Condition 4 (Consequences of Extraordinary Events), Share Linked Condition 
5 (Stop Loss) and Share Linked Condition 6 (Correction of the Closing Price) shall 
apply to such Multi-Asset Basket Component; and 
(g) 
a Fund Unit, the provisions of Fund Linked Condition 1 (Consequences of Potential 
Adjustment Events), Fund Linked Condition 2 (Consequences of Extraordinary Events) 
and Fund Linked Condition 3 (Stop Loss) shall apply to such Multi-Asset Basket 
Component.  
3. 
Consequences of the occurrence of Disrupted Days 
(a) 
If any Observation Date is a Disrupted Day, then the Issuer may give notice to the 
Noteholders that it elects to apply Monetisation until the Maturity Date in accordance 
with the provisions of section 6 below or otherwise: 
(i) 
for each Multi-Asset Basket Component not affected by the occurrence of a 
Disrupted Day, the Observation Date shall be the Scheduled Observation Date; 
and 
(ii) 
for each relevant Multi-Asset Basket Component affected by the occurrence of 
a Disrupted Day (each an Affected Component): 
(1) 
the Calculation Agent may postpone the Observation Date, in which 
case the Observation Date shall be the first succeeding Non-Disrupted 
Day relating to such Affected Component (the Multi-Asset Basket 
Determination Date), unless each consecutive Non-Disrupted Day up 
to and including the Disruption Longstop Date is a Disrupted Day 
relating to such Affected Component in which case : 
(A) 
the Disruption Longstop Date shall be deemed to be the 
Observation Date and the Multi-Asset Basket Determination 
Date for such Affected Component, notwithstanding the fact 
that such day is a Disrupted Day relating to the relevant 
Affected Component; and 
(B) 
the Calculation Agent shall determine, in good faith, the value, 
level or price of the relevant Affected Component for such day 
in case of multiple Affected Components, the latest Multi-
Asset Basket Determination Date will be the Multi-Asset 
Basket Determination Date for the purpose of Multi-Asset 
Basket Linked Asset Condition 1 above; or 
(2) 
if the Calculation Agent is not able to or does not determine the value, 
level or price of the Multi-Asset Basket Component in accordance with 
section 3(a)(ii)(1) above or if such determination would not, in the 
opinion of the Calculation Agent, account for the relevant Market 
Disruption Event: 
(A) 
the Calculation Agent may make such adjustments to any of 
the Conditions of the Notes as it considers appropriate to 
account for any such Market Disruption Event and determine 
the date(s) on which any such adjustments will be effective; in 
making any such adjustments, the Calculation Agent may take 
into account the equivalent adjustment(s) which would be 
made to a derivative transaction in the interbank market 
referencing the the Multi-Asset Basket Components following 
the relevant event occurring and where the Calculation Agent

--- Page 275 ---
275 
deems appropriate (in its sole and absolute discretion), adjust 
the Conditions to give effect to such adjustment(s); or 
(B) 
if the Calculation Agent is not able to or does not determine 
any adjustments for the purposes of section 3(c)(i) or section 
3(a)(ii)(1) above, the Issuer may, in its sole and absolute 
discretion, upon giving notice to the Noteholders, elects to 
apply Monetisation until the Maturity Date in accordance with 
the provisions of section 6 below or to redeem all but not some 
only of the Notes, each Note being redeemed at their Early 
Redemption Amount, subject always to the terms of the Payoff 
Annex applicable to the Notes. 
(b) 
The Calculation Agent shall give notice as soon as practicable to the Noteholders of the 
occurrence of the relevant Market Disruption Event on any day that, but for the 
occurrence of a Disrupted Day, would have been a Observation Date. Such notice shall 
give the details of such Market Disruption Event and the action proposed to be taken by 
the Calculation Agent in relation thereto. 
4. 
Consequences of an Additional Disruption Event 
(a) 
If "Change in Law", "Hedging Disruption", "Loss of Stock Borrow", Increased Cost of 
Stock Borrow", "Increased Cost of Hedging" and/or "Insolvency Filing" (each, an 
Additional Disruption Event) is specified in the Final Terms to be applicable, then 
upon the occurrence of any such an event the Issuer may: 
(i) 
give notice to the Noteholders that it elects to apply Monetisation until the 
Maturity Date in accordance with the provisions of section 6 below; or 
(ii) 
require the Calculation Agent to make such adjustments to any of the 
Conditions as it considers appropriate in its sole and absolute discretion to 
account for such Additional Disruption Event and determine the date(s) on 
which any such adjustments will be effective; or 
(iii) 
give notice to the Noteholders that it elects to redeem the Notes at their Early 
Redemption Amount, subject always to the terms of the Payoff Annex. 
(b) 
If both "Hedging Disruption" and "Loss of Stock Borrow" are specified to be applicable 
in the Final Terms and an event or circumstance that would otherwise constitute or give 
rise to a Hedging Disruption also constitutes a Loss of Stock Borrow, it will be treated 
as a Loss of Stock Borrow and will not constitute a Hedging Disruption. 
(c) 
Upon the occurrence of an Additional Disruption Event, the Issuer shall give notice as 
soon as practicable to the Noteholders stating the occurrence of the Additional 
Disruption Event, giving details thereof and the action proposed to be taken in relation 
thereto. 
5. 
Events having a material effect on the Notes 
Notwithstanding, and without prejudice to, the foregoing provisions of this Multi-Asset Basket 
Annex, if any event (whether or not such event is expressly described or otherwise referred to 
herein) occurs which the Calculation Agent determines, acting in good faith, has a material 
effect on the Notes, then: 
(a) 
the Issuer may give notice to the Noteholders that it elects to apply Monetisation until 
the Maturity Date in accordance with the provisions of section 6 below; or 
(b) 
the Calculation Agent may make such adjustments to any of the Conditions as it 
considers appropriate to account for any such event and determine the date(s) on which 
any such adjustments will be effective; or

--- Page 276 ---
276 
(c) 
the Issuer may, upon giving notice to the Noteholders, redeem all but not some only of 
the Notes, each Note being redeemed at their Early Redemption Amount, subject 
always to the terms of the Payoff Annex. 
Upon the Calculation Agent making a determination pursuant to this section 5 which results in 
any adjustments of the terms of the Notes, the Issuer shall give notice as soon as practicable to 
Noteholders giving details of such determination. 
6. 
Monetisation until the Maturity Date 
(a) 
Following notice by the Issuer to the Noteholder that it elects to apply Monetisation 
until the Maturity Date, the Issuer shall no longer be liable for the payment of (1) the 
Instalment Amount(s) initially scheduled to be paid on each Instalment Date and/or (2) 
the Optional Redemption Amount on the Optional Redemption Date and/or (3) the Final 
Redemption Amount on the Maturity Date, but instead will, in full and final satisfaction 
of its obligations under the Notes, pay on the Maturity Date an amount per Note, 
determined by the Calculation Agent as the result of: 
(i) 
100% of the Specified Denomination of the Note; 
plus 
(ii) 
the Monetisation Payment Amount (which may be a positive amount or a 
negative amount) corresponding to the Monetisation Calculation Amount (1) 
capitalised at the applicable zero-coupon rate (which may be positive or 
negative) from and including the Full Liquidation Date (or, if later and 
applicable, the Optional Full Liquidation Date or the Instalment Full 
Liquidation Date) to but excluding the Maturity Date and (2) apportioned pro 
rata amongst the Specified Denomination of each Note. 
less 
(iii) 
the Associated Costs apportioned pro rata amongst the Specified Denomination 
of each Note (without double counting of any cost taken into account in the 
Monetisation Calculation Amount), 
subject to a minimum of zero. 
The Monetisation Calculation Amount is equal to the net cash amount that the Issuer 
or any of its affiliates would be left with (in which case the Monetisation Calculation 
Amount will be expressed as a positive amount) or would have to pay (in which case 
the Monetisation Calculation Amount will be expressed as a negative amount) on the 
Instalment Full Liquidation Date (and, if applicable, the Optional Full Liquidation Date 
and/or the Instalment Full Liquidation Date), as a result of liquidating the Hedge 
Positions (and, if applicable, Optional Hedge Positions and/or the Instalment Hedge 
Positions) (inter alia by satisfying any obligations or liabilities in place with respect to 
or part of such Hedge Positions (and, if applicable, Optional Hedge Positions and/or 
Instalment Hedge Positions), if any, with the liquidation proceeds of the assets of the 
Hedge Positions (and, if applicable, Optional Hedge Positions and/or Instalment Hedge 
Positions)), the result of which, converted if necessary into the Specified Currency using 
the Relevant Spot Exchange Rate on the Full Liquidation Date or, if later and applicable, 
the Optional Full Liquidation Date or the Instalment Full Liquidation Date. 
(b) 
Definitions specific to the Monetisation until the Maturity Date 
"Associated Costs" means an amount determined by the Calculation Agent in its 
reasonable discretion equal to the sum of (without duplication) all costs (including, 
without limitation, cost of funding), losses, expenses, tax and duties incurred by the 
Issuer or any of its affiliates in connection with the termination, liquidation or re-
establishment of the Intermediate Hedge Positions, the Optional Hedge Positions, 
and/or the Hedge Positions, as the case may be.

--- Page 277 ---
277 
"Full Liquidation Date" means, in respect of the Maturity Date, the date on which the 
liquidation proceeds of the Hedge Positions (including inter alia by satisfying any 
obligations or liabilities in place with respect to or part of such Hedge Positions, if any, 
with the liquidation proceeds of the assets of such Hedge Positions) are deemed, as 
determined by the Calculation Agent, to be fully received by the Issuer or any of its 
affiliates. 
"Hedge Positions" means any purchase, sale, entry into or maintenance, by the Issuer 
or any of its affiliates, of one or more (a) positions or contracts in securities, options, 
futures, derivatives, interest rate transactions or foreign exchange transactions, 
(b) securities lending/borrowing transactions, (c) cash deposits or cash borrowings 
and/or (d) other instruments, arrangements, assets or liabilities howsoever described, in 
order to hedge individually or on a portfolio basis, the part of the Issuer’s obligations 
under the Notes linked to or indexed to the relevant Multi-Asset Basket Component(s) 
or Multi-Asset Basket, due on the Maturity Date provided that, if the Instalment Full 
Liquidation Date and/or the Optional Full Liquidation Date has not occurred on or 
before the fourth Business Day preceding the Maturity Date, then Hedge Positions will 
include the Instalment Hedge Positions and/or the Optional Hedge Positions, if 
applicable. 
"Instalment Full Liquidation Date" means, in respect of any Instalment Payment 
Date, the date on which the liquidation proceeds of the Instalment Hedge Positions 
(including inter alia by satisfying any obligations or liabilities in place with respect to 
or part of such Intermediate Hedge Positions, if any, with the liquidation proceeds of 
the assets of such Instalment Hedge Positions) are deemed, as determined by the 
Calculation Agent, to be fully received by the Issuer or any of its affiliates. 
"Instalment Hedge Positions" means any purchase, sale, entry into or maintenance, by 
the Issuer or any of its affiliates, of one or more (a) positions or contracts in securities, 
options, futures, derivatives, interest rate transactions or foreign exchange transactions, 
(b) securities lending/borrowing transactions, (c) cash deposits or cash borrowings 
and/or (d) other instruments, arrangements, assets or liabilities howsoever described, in 
order to hedge individually or on a portfolio basis, the part of the Issuer’s obligations 
under the Notes linked to or indexed to the relevant Multi-Asset Basket Component(s) 
or Multi-Asset Basket, due on an Instalment Date. 
"Optional Full Liquidation Date" means, in respect of an Optional Redemption Date, 
the date on which the liquidation proceeds of the Optional Hedge Positions (including 
inter alia by satisfying any obligations or liabilities in place with respect to or part of 
such Optional Hedge Positions, if any, with the liquidation proceeds of the assets of 
such Optional Hedge Positions) are deemed, as determined by the Calculation Agent, 
to be fully received by the Issuer or any of its affiliates. 
"Optional Hedge Positions" means any purchase, sale, entry into or maintenance, by 
the Issuer or any of its affiliates, of one or more (a) positions or contracts in securities, 
options, futures, derivatives, interest rate transactions or foreign exchange transactions, 
(b) securities lending/borrowing transactions, (c) cash deposits or cash borrowings 
and/or (d) other instruments, arrangements, assets or liabilities howsoever described, in 
order to hedge individually or on a portfolio basis, the part of the Issuer’s obligations 
under the Notes linked to or indexed to the relevant Multi-Asset Basket Component(s) 
or Multi-Asset Basket, due on an Optional Redemption Date. 
"Relevant Spot Exchange Rate" means in respect of a date and an amount to be 
converted into the Specified Currency, the rate of exchange of the currency in which 
such amount is denominated into the Specified Currency used to convert such amount 
on such date into the Specified Currency as determined by the Calculation Agent.

--- Page 278 ---
278 
7. 
Definitions 
Change in Law means that, on or after the Issue Date, (A) due to the adoption of or any change 
in any applicable law or regulation (including, without limitation, any tax law), or (B) due to 
the promulgation of or any change in the interpretation by any court, tribunal or regulatory 
authority with competent jurisdiction of any applicable law or regulation (including any action 
taken by a taxing authority), the Issuer determines in its sole and absolute discretion that it has 
become illegal to hold, acquire or dispose of relevant hedge positions relating to any Multi-
Asset Basket Component or to the Multi-Asset Basket. 
Commodity Business Day has the meaning set out in Commodity Linked Condition 8 
(Definitions). 
Disrupted Day means: 
(a) 
in respect of a Multi-Asset Basket Component which is a Commodity or a Commodity 
Index, a Disrupted Day (as such term is defined in Commodity Linked Condition 8 
(Definitions) occurs; 
(b) 
in respect of a Multi-Asset Basket Component which is an Index, a Disrupted Day (as 
such term is defined in Index Linked Condition 8 (Definitions) occurs; 
(c) 
in respect of a Multi-Asset Basket Component which is an ETF Unit, a Disrupted Day 
(as such term is defined in ETF Linked Condition 8 (Definitions) occurs; or 
(d) 
in respect of a Multi-Asset Basket Component which is a Share, a Disrupted Day (as 
such term is defined in Share Linked Condition 11 (Definitions) occurs. 
Disruption Longstop Date means, in respect of the occurrence of a Disrupted Day, the last: 
(a) 
Commodity Business Day in the sequence of consecutive Commodity Business Days 
(in the case of a Multi-Asset Basket Component which is a Commodity or a Commodity 
Index); 
(b) 
Scheduled Trading Day in the sequence of consecutive Scheduled Trading Days (in the 
case of a Multi-Asset Basket Component which is an Index); or 
(c) 
Scheduled Trading Day in the sequence of consecutive Scheduled Trading Days (in the 
case of a Multi-Asset Basket Component which is an ETF Unit); or 
(d) 
Scheduled Trading Day in the sequence of consecutive Scheduled Trading Days (in the 
case of a Multi-Asset Basket Component which is a Share), 
equal to the Maximum Days of Disruption in respect of such Multi-Asset Basket Component 
immediately following the Scheduled Observation Date. 
Fund Business Day has the meaning set out in Fund Linked Condition 7 (Definitions). 
Hedging Disruption means that the Issuer is unable, after using commercially reasonable 
efforts, to (1) acquire, establish, re-establish, substitute, maintain, unwind or dispose of any 
transaction(s) or asset(s) it deems necessary to hedge the inflation price risk or any other relevant 
price risk including but not limited to the currency risk of the Issuer in issuing and performing 
its obligations with respect to the Notes, or (2) freely realise, recover, remit, receive, repatriate 
or transfer the proceeds of any such transaction(s) or asset(s). 
Hedging Shares means the number of shares that the Issuer deems necessary to hedge the equity 
price risk of entering into and performing its obligations with respect to the Notes if the Multi-

--- Page 279 ---
279 
Asset Basket Components include any Index and "Loss of Stock Borrow" and/or "Increased 
Cost of Stock Borrow" is specified as being applicable in the Final Terms in relation to any such 
Index. 
Increased Cost of Hedging means that the Issuer would incur a materially increased (as 
compared with circumstances existing on the Issue Date) amount of tax, duty, expense or fee 
(other than brokerage commissions) to (i) acquire, establish, re-establish, substitute, maintain, 
unwind or dispose of any transaction(s) or asset(s) it deems necessary to hedge the market risk 
(including, without limitation, inflation price risk, foreign exchange risk and interest rate risk) 
of the Issuer in issuing and performing its obligations with respect to the Notes, or (ii) realise, 
recover or remit the proceeds of any such transaction(s) or asset(s), provided that any such 
materially increased amount that is incurred solely due to the deterioration of the 
creditworthiness of the Issuer shall not be deemed an Increased Cost of Hedging. 
Increased Cost of Stock Borrow means, if the Multi-Asset Basket Components include any 
Index and "Increased Cost of Stock Borrow" is specified as being applicable in the Final Terms 
in relation to any such Index, that the Issuer would incur a rate to borrow component of any 
such Index in respect of its obligation under the Notes that is greater than the Initial Stock Loan 
Rate. 
Initial Stock Loan Rate means, if the Multi-Asset Basket Components include any Index and 
"Increased Cost of Stock Borrow" is specified as being applicable in the Final Terms in relation 
to any such Index, the stock loan rate specified as such in the Final Terms. 
Insolvency Filing means, if the Multi-Asset Basket Components include any Share "Insolvency 
Filing" is specified as being applicable in the Final Terms in relation to any such Share, that the 
issuer of such Share institutes or has instituted against it by a regulator, supervisor or any similar 
official with primary insolvency, rehabilitative or regulatory jurisdiction over it in the 
jurisdiction of its incorporation or organization or the jurisdiction of its head or home office, or 
it consents to a proceeding seeking a judgment of insolvency or bankruptcy or any other relief 
under any bankruptcy or insolvency law or other similar law affecting creditors' rights, or a 
petition is presented for its winding-up or liquidation by it or such regulator, supervisor or 
similar official or it consents to such a petition, provided that proceedings instituted or petitions 
presented by creditors and not consented to by the Issuer shall not be deemed an Insolvency 
Filing. 
Market Disruption Event has the meaning set out in:  
(a) 
Commodity Linked Condition 8 (Definitions), in respect of a Multi-Asset Basket 
Component which is a Commodity or a Commodity Index; 
(b) 
Index Linked Condition 8 (Definitions), in respect of a Multi-Asset Basket Component 
which is an Index; 
(c) 
ETF Linked Condition 2 (Consequences of Disrupted Days), in respect of a Multi-Asset 
Basket Component which is an ETF Unit; and 
(d) 
Share Linked Condition 11 (Definitions), in respect of a Multi-Asset Basket 
Component, which is a Share. 
Maximum Days of Disruption means the number of days specified in the applicable Final 
Terms or, where no such number is specified, eight (8): 
(a) 
Commodity Business Days (in the case of a Multi-Asset Basket Component which is a 
Commodity or a Commodity Index);

--- Page 280 ---
280 
(b) 
Scheduled Trading Days (in the case of a Multi-Asset Basket Component which is an 
Index); 
(c) 
Scheduled Trading Days (in the case of a Multi-Asset Basket Component which is an 
ETF Unit); or 
(d) 
Scheduled Trading Days (in the case of a Multi-Asset Basket Component which is a 
Share);  
as the case may be. 
Loss of Stock Borrow means, if the Multi-Asset Basket Components include any Index and 
"Loss of Stock Borrow" is specified as being applicable in the Final Terms in relation to any 
such Index. that the Issuer is unable, after using commercially reasonable efforts, to borrow (or 
maintain a borrowing of) an amount of Hedging Shares at a rate equal to or less than the 
Maximum Stock Loan Rate. 
Multi-Asset Basket means a basket comprising two or more Multi-Asset Basket Component 
Types. 
Multi-Asset Basket Component means, in respect of a Multi-Asset Basket, each Commodity, 
Commodity Index, Index, Inflation Index, Benchmark Rate, ETF Unit, Share or Fund Unit, 
which is specified in the applicable Final Terms, comprising such Multi-Asset Basket. 
Multi-Asset Basket Component Type means a Commodity, Commodity Index, Index, 
Inflation Index, Benchmark Rate, ETF Unit, Share or Fund Unit. 
Maximum Stock Loan Rate means, if the Multi-Asset Basket Components include any Index 
and "Loss of Stock Borrow" is specified as being applicable in the Final Terms in relation to 
any such Index, the stock loan rate specified as such in the Final Terms. 
Multi-Asset Basket Scheduled Trading Day means either (a) Multi-Asset Basket Scheduled 
Trading Day (All Assets Basis) or (b) Multi-Asset Basket Scheduled Trading Day (Per Asset 
Basis), as specified in the applicable Final Terms. If neither Multi-Asset Basket Scheduled 
Trading Day (All Assets Basis) nor Multi-Asset Basket Scheduled Trading Day (Per Asset 
Basis) is specified as applying in the applicable Final Terms, Multi-Asset Basket Scheduled 
Trading Day (All Assets Basis) shall be deemed to apply. 
Multi-Asset Basket Scheduled Trading Day (All Assets Basis) means a day which is a Multi-
Asset Basket Scheduled Trading Day (Per Asset Basis) in respect of all Multi-Asset Basket 
Component Types. 
Multi-Asset Basket Scheduled Trading Day (Per Asset Basis) means: 
(a) 
in respect of a Multi-Asset Basket Component which is a Commodity or a Commodity 
Index, a Commodity Business Day; 
(b) 
in respect of a Multi-Asset Basket Component which is an Index, a Scheduled Trading 
Day; 
(c) 
in respect of a Multi-Asset Basket Component which is an ETF Unit, a Scheduled 
Trading Day;  
(d) 
in respect of a Multi-Asset Basket Component which is a Share, a Scheduled Trading 
Day; or

--- Page 281 ---
281 
(e) 
in respect of a Multi-Asset Basket Component which is a Fund Unit, a Fund Business 
Day. 
Non-Disrupted Day means: 
(a) 
in respect of a Multi-Asset Basket Component which is a Commodity or a Commodity 
Index, a Commodity Business Day which is not a Disrupted Day; 
(b) 
in respect of a Multi-Asset Basket Component which is an Index, a Scheduled Trading 
Day which is not a Disrupted Day; 
(c) 
in respect of a Multi-Asset Basket Component which is an ETF Unit, a Scheduled 
Trading Day which is not a Disrupted Day; or 
(d) 
in respect of a Multi-Asset Basket Component which is a Share, a Scheduled Trading 
Day which is not a Disrupted Day. 
Observation Date means each Autocall Observation Date, Strike Determination Date, Coupon 
Observation Date, Relevant Observation Date, Initial Observation Date, Final Observation 
Date, Observation Date or each other date specified as such in the applicable Final Terms or 
otherwise deemed to be an Observation Date in accordance with the Conditions of the Notes, or 
if any such date is not a Multi-Asset Basket Scheduled Trading Day and unless otherwise 
specified in the applicable Final Terms, the immediately following Multi-Asset Basket 
Scheduled Trading Day unless, in the opinion of the Calculation Agent, any such day is a 
Disrupted Day. If any such day is a Disrupted Day in respect of one or more Multi-Asset Basket 
Components, then the provisions of section 3 above shall apply. 
Scheduled Observation Date means any original date that, but for the occurrence of a 
Disrupted Day, would have been an Observation Date. 
Scheduled Trading Day has the meaning set out in the Index Linked Conditions (in respect of 
any Multi-Asset Basket Component which is an Index), the Share Linked Conditions (in respect 
of any Multi-Asset Basket Component which is a Share) or the ETF Linked Conditions (in 
respect of any Multi-Asset Basket Component which is an ETF Unit).

--- Page 282 ---
282 
 
PAYOFF ANNEX 
 
The chapters of this Payoff Annex each set out additional terms and conditions that may apply to the 
interest amounts and/or redemption amounts in respect of the Notes (the Payoff Conditions). 
The terms and conditions applicable to the interest amounts and/or redemption amounts on Rate Linked 
Notes, Index Linked Notes, Inflation Linked Notes, Share Linked Notes, Fund Linked Notes, ETF Linked 
Notes and Commodity Linked Notes, as applicabble, shall comprise the Note Conditions and the 
relevant Asset Conditions (ase defined below) and these Payoff Provisions, in each case subject to 
completion in the applicable Final Terms. In the event of any inconsistency between the Note Conditions 
and the Payoff Conditions, the Payoff Conditions shall prevail. In the event of any inconsistency between 
the the relevant Asset Conditions and the Payoff Conditions, the Payoff Conditions shall prevail. 
For the purpose of these Payoff Conditions: 
Asset Conditions means: 
− 
in relation to Rate Linked Notes, the additional terms and conditions set out in the Rate Annex 
(the Rate Linked Conditions);  
− 
in relation to Index Linked Notes, the additional terms and conditions set out in the Index Annex 
(the Index Linked Conditions);  
− 
in relation to Inflation Linked Notes, the additional terms and conditions set out in the Inflation 
Annex (the Inflation Linked Conditions);  
− 
in relation to Share Linked Notes, the additional terms and conditions set out in the Share Annex 
(the Share Linked Conditions);  
− 
in relation to Fund Linked Notes, the additional terms and conditions set out in the Fund Annex 
(the Fund Linked Conditions);  
− 
in relation to ETF Linked Notes, the additional terms and conditions set out in the ETF Annex 
(the ETF Linked Conditions);  
− 
in relation to Commodity Linked Notes, the additional terms and conditions set out in the 
Commodity Annex (the Commodity Linked Conditions); and 
− 
in relation to Multi-Asset Basket Linked Notes, the additional terms and conditions set out in 
the Multi-Asset Basket Annex (the Multi-Asset Basket Linked Conditions). 
Autocall Observation Date has the meaning given to such term in the relevant Asset Conditions.  
Autocall Observation Datet means each of the numerical sequence of Autocall Observation Dates, 
starting with the initial Autocall Observation Date, as Autocall Observation Date1, and proceeding in 
chronological order thereafter. 
Automatic Early Redemption Date means each date specified as such or otherwise determined in 
accordance with the Final Terms. 
Benchmark Rate Level has the meaning given to such term in the Rate Linked Conditions.  
Commodity Reference Price has the meaning given to such term in the Commodity Linked Conditions.  
Coupon Observation Date has the meaning given to such term in the relevant Asset Conditions.

--- Page 283 ---
283 
Coupon Observation Datet means each of the numerical sequence of Coupon Observation Dates, 
starting with the initial Coupon Observation Date, as Coupon Observation Date1, and proceeding in 
chronological order thereafter. 
Coupon Option Date means each date specified as such or otherwise determined in accordance with 
the Final Terms. 
Coupon Option Notice Date means the date on which the Issuer gives notice to the Noteholders that it 
elects to activate the Coupon Option. 
Coupon Payment Date means each date specified as such or otherwise determined in accordance with 
the Final Terms. 
Coupon Payment Datet means each of the numerical sequence of Coupon Payment Dates, starting with 
the initial Coupon Payment Date, as Coupon Payment Date1, and proceeding in chronological order 
thereafter. 
Coupon Period means: 
- 
the period starting on and including the Issue Date and ending on, but excluding, the next 
Coupon Observation Date ; and  
- 
each successive period starting on and including a Coupon Observation Date and ending on, but 
excluding, the next Coupon Observation Date. 
Coupon Periodt means each of the numerical sequence of Coupon Periods, starting with the initial 
Coupon Period, as Coupon Period1, and proceeding in chronological order thereafter. 
Coupon Rate means, in respect of a Coupon Observation Date, (i) the percentage or formula specified 
as such in the Final Terms for such Coupon Observation Date, if so specified for each Coupon 
Observation Date or (ii) otherwise, the percentage or formula specified as such in the Final Terms. 
Final Observation Date has the meaning given to such term in the relevant Asset Conditions.  
Final Underlying Value means the value set out in the Final Terms as the Underlying Value on the 
Final Observation Date or the Underlying Value on the Final Observation Date, as provided for in the 
Final Terms. 
Final Underlying ValueA means the Final Underlying Value of UnderlyingA. 
Final Underlying ValueB means the Final Underlying Value of UnderlyingB. 
Final Underlying Valuei means the Final Underlying Value of Underlyingi. 
Fixed Coupon Observation Date means each date specified as such or otherwise determined in 
accordance with the Final Terms. 
Fixed Coupon Payment Date means each date specified as such or otherwise determined in accordance 
with the Final Terms. 
Guaranteed Coupon Payment Date means each date specified as such or otherwise determined in 
accordance with the Final Terms. 
Guaranteed Coupon Rate means, in respect of a Coupon Observation Date, (i) the percentage or 
formula specified as such in the Final Terms for such Coupon Observation Date, if so specified for each 
Coupon Observation Date or (ii) otherwise, the percentage or formula specified as such in the Final 
Terms. 
Indexed Coupon Observation Date means each date specified as such or otherwise determined in 
accordance with the Final Terms.

--- Page 284 ---
284 
Indexed Coupon Payment Date means each date specified as such or otherwise determined in 
accordance with the Final Terms. 
Initial Averaging Date has the meaning given to such term in the relevant Asset Conditions.  
Initial Average Price means the arithmetic mean of the Underlying Value on each Initial Averaging 
Date.  
Initial Observation Date has the meaning given to such term in the relevant Asset Conditions.  
Initial Reference Month means the month specified as such or otherwise determined in accordance 
with the Final Terms. 
Initial Underlying Value means: 
- 
if "Strike Min" is specified as being applicable in the Final Terms, the lowest of the Underlying 
Values for the Strike Determination Dates; or 
- 
otherwise, the value set out in the Final Terms as the Underlying Value on the Initial Observation 
Date or the Underlying Value on the Initial Observation Date or the Initial Average Price, as 
provided for in the Final Terms. 
Initial Underlying ValueA means the Initial Underlying Value of UnderlyingA. 
Initial Underlying ValueB means the Initial Underlying Value of UnderlyingB. 
Initial Underlying Valuei means the Initial Underlying Value of Underlyingi. 
Maturity Date means the date specified as such or otherwise determined in accordance with the Final 
Terms. 
Max means the greater of the two amounts or values that follow, or the greater of several amounts or 
values (as applicable) that follow, the amounts or values being separated by a comma. For example 
Max(X,Y) means whichever is the greater of component X and component Y. 
Min means the lesser of the two amounts or values that follow, or the lesser of several amounts or values 
(as applicable) that follow, the amounts or values being separated by a comma. For example Min(X,Y) 
means whichever is the lesser of component X and component Y. 
Observation Date has the meaning given to such term in the relevant Asset Conditions.  
Observation Datet means each of the numerical sequence of Observation Dates, starting with the initial 
Observation Date, as Observation Date1, and proceeding in chronological order thereafter. 
Previous Underlying Value means, in respect of an Indexed Coupon Observation Date, the Underlying 
Value for the immediately preceding Indexed Coupon Observation Date. If the relevant Indexed Coupon 
Payment Date is the first Indexed Coupon Payment Date, the Previous Underlying Value is the Initial 
Underlying Value. 
Relevant Coupon Rate means, in respect of a Coupon Observation Date, (i) the percentage or formula 
specified as such in the Final Terms for such Coupon Observation Date, if so specified for each Coupon 
Observation Date or (ii) otherwise, the percentage or formula specified as such in the Final Terms. 
Relevant Observation Date has the meaning given to such term in the relevant Asset Conditions.  
Securitisation Observation Dates means each date specified as such or otherwise determined in 
accordance with the Final Terms. 
Settlement Price has the meaning given to such term in the relevant Asset Conditions.  
Strike Determination Date has the meaning given to such term in the relevant Asset Conditions.

--- Page 285 ---
285 
Underlying means any Commodity, Commodity Index, Index, Inflation Index, Benchmark Rate, Share, 
ETF or Fund Unit, as specified in the applicable Final Terms. 
UnderlyingA means an Underlying bearing the subscript "A" and specified as such in the applicable 
Final Terms. For the avoidance of doubt, UnderlyingA and UnderlyingB together constitute a Basket or 
a Multi-Asset Basket, as applicable, as defined in the applicable Asset Conditions. 
UnderlyingB means an Underlying bearing the subscript "B" and specified as such in the applicable 
Final Terms. For the avoidance of doubt, UnderlyingA and UnderlyingB together constitute a Basket or 
a Multi-Asset Basket, as applicable, as defined in the applicable Asset Conditions. 
Underlyingi means each Underlying corresponding to an "i" as specified in the Final Terms. For the 
avoidance of doubt, all Underlyingsi together will constitute a Basket or a Multi-Asset Basket, as 
applicable, as defined in the relevant Asset Conditions. 
Underlying Value means, in respect of an Observation Date, a Coupon Observation Date or any other 
relevant date of determination and: 
− 
an Underlying which is a Benchmark Rate, the Benchmark Rate Level determined for such 
Benchmark Rate and such date in accordance with the Rate Linked Conditions; 
− 
in respect of an Underlying which is an Index, the Settlement Price determined for such Index 
and such date accordance with the Index Linked Conditions; 
− 
in respect of an Underlying which is an Inflation Index, the level of the Inflation Index 
determined for such Inflation Index and the Reference Month immediately preceding such date 
(or, in respect of the level of the Inflation Index determined for the Initial Observation Date or 
the initial Coupon Observation Date, the Initial Reference Month) in accordance with the 
Inflation Linked Conditions;   
− 
in respect of an Underlying which is a Share, the Settlement Price determined for such Share 
and such date accordance with the Share Linked Conditions;  
− 
in respect of an Underlying which is a Commodity or a Commodity Index, the Commodity 
Reference Price determined for such Commodity or Commodity Index and such date accordance 
with the Commodity Linked Conditions;  
− 
in respect of an Underlying which is a Fund Unit, the Settlement Price determined for such Fund 
Unit and such date accordance with the Fund Linked Conditions; or 
− 
in respect of an Underlying which is an ETF, the Settlement Price determined for such ETF and 
such date accordance with the ETF Linked Conditions. 
For the avoidance of doubt, the Underlying Value may have a positive value, negative value or may be 
equal to zero (0) and will be expressed without regard to the currency of denomination of the Underlying 
Value (if any). 
Underlying Valuei means, in respect of an Observation Date, a Coupon Observation Date or any other 
relevant date of determination, the Underlying Value of Underlyingi on such date.

--- Page 286 ---
286 
 
PART A - PAYOFF FORMULAS COMMON TO NOTES REFERENCED TO A SINGLE 
UNDERLYING 
 
Part A of this Payoff Annex applies to Notes referenced to a single Underlying. 
1. 
ACAJOU 
This chapter sets out additional terms and conditions for Notes in respect of which the 
applicable Final Terms specify Acajou to be applicable. 
Where ACAJOU is specified in the Final Terms, each Note will be redeemed on the Maturity 
Date at an Final Redemption Amount determined in accordance with the following formula: 
Final Redemption Amount = Specified Denomination x (1 + Performance) 
Where: 
(a) 
If "European Observation" is specified in the Final Terms, Performance means the 
highest value between: 
(i) 
(A) 
zero 
if on every Observation Date, the Underlying Value is below the 
Securitisation Level, or 
(B) 
Rebate 
if on any Observation Date, the Underlying Value has been at or above 
the Securitisation Level 
and 
(ii) 
(A) 
If "Cap" is specified as being applicable in the Final Terms 
Min [Cap Level; Leverage x ((Final Underlying Value / Initial 
Underlying Value) – 1)] 
(B) 
If "Cap" is specified as being not applicable in the Final Terms 
Leverage x ((Final Underlying Value / Initial Underlying Value) – 1) 
(b) 
If "Average Observation" is specified in the Final Terms, Performance means the 
highest value between: 
(i) 
(A) 
zero 
if on every Observation Date, the Underlying Value is below the 
Securitisation Level, or 
(B) 
Rebate 
if on any Observation Date, the Underlying Value has been at or above 
the Securitisation Level 
and 
(ii) 
(A) 
If "Cap" is specified as being applicable in the Final Terms 
Min [Cap Level; Leverage x Average] 
(B) 
If "Cap" is specified as being not applicable in the Final Terms

--- Page 287 ---
287 
Leverage x Average 
Where Average means the arithmetic average of the values on each 
Observation Date, excluding the Initial Observation Date, of: 
(Underlying Value/Initial Underlying Value) – 1 
Where: 
Cap Level means the value specified as such in the Final Terms. 
Leverage means the value specified as such in the Final Terms. 
Rebate means the value specified as such in the Final Terms. 
Securitisation Level means the percentage of the Initial Underlying Value specified as such in 
the Final Terms. 
 
2. 
AMORTISSABLE INFLATION 
This chapter sets out additional terms and conditions for Notes in respect of which the 
applicable Final Terms specify Amortissable Inflation to be applicable. 
Where AMORTISSABLE INFLATION is specified in the Final Terms, on every Partial 
Redemption Date, the Notes will be partially redeemed at the Partial Redemption Amount 
determined in accordance with the following formula: 
(a) 
If "Floor" is specified as being applicable in the Final Terms 
Partial Redemption Amount = Specified Denomination x Amortisation Rate x Max 
[Floor Level; (Underlying Value / Initial Underlying Value)] 
(b) 
If "Cap" is specified as being applicable in the Final Terms 
Partial Redemption Amount = Specified Denomination x Amortisation Rate x Min [Cap 
Level; (Underlying Value / Initial Underlying Value)] 
(c) 
If "Cap" and "Floor" are specified as being not applicable in the Final Terms 
Final Redemption Amount = Specified Denomination x Amortisation Rate x 
(Underlying Value / Initial Underlying Value) 
Where: 
Amortisation Rate as specified in the applicable Final Terms. 
Cap Level means the value indicated in the Final Terms. 
Floor Level means the value indicated in the Final Terms. 
Partial Redemption Date means each date specified as such or otherwise determined in 
accordance with the Final Terms. 
 
3. 
ANDROMEDE  
This chapter sets out additional terms and conditions for Notes in respect of which the 
applicable Final Terms specify Andromede to be applicable.

--- Page 288 ---
288 
Where ANDROMEDE is specified in the Final Terms: 
(a) 
When "Autocall" is specified as being applicable in the Final Terms, if on any Autocall 
Observation Date (except for the Final Observation Date), the Underlying Value is 
greater than or equal to the Autocall Trigger Level, each Note will be automatically 
redeemed on the immediately following Automatic Early Redemption Date (this 
specific Automatic Early Redemption Date being therefore the Relevant Automatic 
Early Redemption Date) at the Autocall Redemption Amount determined in 
accordance with the following formula: 
Autocall Redemption Amount = Specified Denomination x [100% + (N x Coupon 
Rate)] 
(b) 
If “Barrier Put” is specified as being applicable in the Final Terms, each Note will be 
redeemed on the Maturity Date: 
(i) 
if on the Final Observation Date, the Underlying Value is greater than or equal 
to the Knock-In Level, at the Final Redemption Amount determined in 
accordance with the following formula: 
Final Redemption Amount = Specified Denomination x (100% + (Leverage x 
Highest Performance)) 
(ii) 
if on the Final Observation Date, the Underlying Value is lower than the 
Knock-In Level, at the Final Redemption Amount determined in accordance 
with the following formula: 
Final Redemption Amount = Specified Denomination x ((Final Underlying 
Value/Initial Underlying Value) + (Leverage x Highest Performance)) 
(c) 
If “Best-out” is specified as being applicable in the Final Terms, each Note will be 
redeemed on the Maturity Date: 
Final Redemption Amount = Specified Denomination x Leverage x (100% + Best 
Performance) 
Where: 
Autocall Trigger Level means the percentage of the Initial Underlying Value specified as such 
in the Final Terms. 
Best Performance means the difference between (1) the highest of the Underlying Values on 
each Observation Date divided by the Initial Underlying Value and (2) one. 
Knock-In Level means the percentage of the Initial Underlying Value specified as such in the 
Final Terms. 
Highest Performance means the higher of (i) zero and (ii) the difference between (1) the 
highest of the Underlying Values on each Observation Date divided by the Initial Underlying 
Value and (2) one. 
Leverage means the value specified as such in the Final Terms. 
N is the number of Automatic Early Redemption Dates from (but excluding) the Issue Date to 
and including the Relevant Automatic Early Redemption Date. 
 
4. 
ARAMIS 
This chapter sets out additional terms and conditions for Notes in respect of which the 
applicable Final Terms specify Aramis to be applicable.

--- Page 289 ---
289 
Where ARAMIS is specified in the Final Terms: 
(a) 
When "Autocall" is specified as being applicable in the Final Terms, if on any Autocall 
Observation Date (except for the Final Observation Date), the Underlying Value is 
greater than or equal to the Autocall Trigger Level, each Note will be automatically 
redeemed on the immediately following Automatic Early Redemption Date (this 
specific Automatic Early Redemption Date being therefore the Relevant Automatic 
Early Redemption Date) at the Autocall Redemption Amount determined in 
accordance with the following formula: 
Autocall Redemption Amount = Specified Denomination x (100% + Relevant 
Rebate(t)) 
(b) 
If each Note has not been redeemed early as provided for in paragraph (a) above or if 
"Non-Callable" is specified in the Final Terms, if “Put Spread” is specified as being not 
applicable in the Final Terms, the Notes will be redeemed on the Maturity Date at the 
Final Redemption Amount determined in accordance with the following formula: 
Final Redemption Amount = Specified Denomination x 100%. 
(c) 
If each Note has not been redeemed early as provided for in paragraph (a) above or if 
"Non-Callable" is specified in the Final Terms, if “Put Spread” is specified as being 
applicable in the Final Terms,  
(i)  
If the Underlying Value on the Final Observation Date is strictly lower than the 
Knock-in Put Spread Level, each Note will be redeemed on the Maturity Date 
at the Final Redemption Amount determined in accordance with the following 
formula: 
Final Redemption Amount = Specified Denomination x (100%+Max [Floor; 
(Final Underlying Value / Initial Underlying Value – 1)]) 
(ii)  
If the Underlying Value on the Final Observation Date is greater than or equal 
to the "Knock-in Put Spread Level", each Note will be redeemed on the 
Maturity Date at the Final Redemption Amount determined in accordance with 
the following formula: 
Final Redemption Amount = Specified Denomination x 100%. 
(d) 
If each Note has not been redeemed early as provided for in paragraph (a) above or if 
"Non-Callable" is specified in the Final Terms, when "Conditional Coupon Without 
Memory Effect" is specified in the Final Terms: 
(i) 
If "Lock-In Clause" is specified as being not applicable in the Final Terms, then 
in respect of any Coupon Observation Date:  
− 
if, on such Coupon Observation Date, the Underlying Value is greater than 
or equal to the Coupon Trigger Level, an interest amount (the Conditional 
Coupon Amount A) will be determined in respect of each Note and such 
Coupon Observation Date, in accordance with the following formula: 
Conditional Coupon Amount A = Specified Denomination x Relevant 
Coupon Rate;  
− 
otherwise, the interest amount (the Conditional Coupon Amount A) 
determined in respect of such Coupon Observation Date and each Note will 
be equal to zero.  
If "Coupons in fine" is specified as being not applicable in the Final Terms, each 
Conditional Coupon Amount A determined in respect of a Coupon Observation

--- Page 290 ---
290 
Date will (if not nil) be payable in respect of each Note on the Coupon Payment 
Date relating to such Coupon Observation Date.  
If "Coupons in fine" is specified as being applicable in the Final Terms, the sum 
of all Conditional Coupon Amounts A determined in respect of each respective 
Coupon Observation Date will (if not nil) be payable in respect of each Note on 
the Maturity Date.   
(ii) 
If "Lock-In Clause" is specified as being applicable in the Final Terms, then in 
respect of any Coupon Observation Date:  
(A) 
 if: 
− 
on such Coupon Observation Date, the Underlying Value is 
greater than or equal to the Coupon Trigger Level; or 
− 
on any Lock-in Observation Date falling prior to such Coupon 
Observation Date, the Underlying Value was greater than or 
equal to the Lock-In Level, 
an interest amount (the Conditional Coupon Amount A) will be 
determined in respect of each Note and such Coupon Observation Date, 
in accordance with the following formula: 
Conditional Coupon Amount A = Specified Denomination x Relevant 
Coupon Rate;  
(B) 
otherwise, the interest amount (the Conditional Coupon Amount A) 
determined in respect of such Coupon Observation Date and each Note 
will be equal to zero.  
If "Coupons in fine" is specified as being not applicable in the Final Terms, each 
Conditional Coupon Amount A determined in respect of a Coupon Observation 
Date will (if not nil) be payable in respect of each Note on the Coupon Payment 
Date relating to such Coupon Observation Date.  
If "Coupons in fine" is specified as being applicable in the Final Terms, the sum 
of all Conditional Coupon Amounts A determined in respect of each respective 
Coupon Observation Date will (if not nil) be payable in respect of each Note on 
the Maturity Date.   
No interest amount will be determined or payable in respect of any Coupon 
Observation Date falling after the Relevant Automatic Early Redemption Date (if 
applicable). 
(e) 
If each Note has not been redeemed early as provided for in paragraph (a) above or if 
"Non-Callable" is specified in the Final Terms, when "Conditional Coupon with 
Memory Effect" is specified in the Final Terms: 
(i) 
If "Lock-In Clause" is specified as being not applicable in the Final Terms, then 
in respect of any Coupon Observation Datet: 
(A) 
if, on such Coupon Observation Datet, the Underlying Value is greater 
than or equal to the Coupon Trigger Level, an interest amount (the 
Conditional Coupon Amount B(t)) will be determined in respect of 
each Note in accordance with the following formula: 
Conditional Coupon Amount B(t) =

--- Page 291 ---
291 
(∑𝑆𝑝𝑒𝑐𝑖𝑓𝑖𝑒𝑑 𝐷𝑒𝑛𝑜𝑚𝑖𝑛𝑎𝑡𝑖𝑜𝑛 × 𝑅𝑒𝑙𝑒𝑣𝑎𝑛𝑡 𝐶𝑜𝑢𝑝𝑜𝑛 𝑅𝑎𝑡𝑒(𝑖)
𝑡
𝑖=1
)
−∑𝐶𝑜𝑛𝑑𝑖𝑡𝑖𝑜𝑛𝑎𝑙 𝐶𝑜𝑢𝑝𝑜𝑛 𝐴𝑚𝑜𝑢𝑛𝑡 𝐵(𝑖)
𝑡−1
𝑖=1
 
(B) 
otherwise, the interest amount (the Conditional Coupon Amount 
B(t)) determined in respect of such Coupon Observation Datet and 
each Note will be equal to zero. 
If "Coupons in fine" is specified as being not applicable in the Final Terms, each 
Conditional Coupon Amount B(t) determined in respect of a Coupon 
Observation Datet will (if not nil) be payable in respect of each Note on the 
Coupon Payment Datet relating to such Coupon Observation Datet.  
If "Coupons in fine" is specified as being applicable in the Final Terms, the 
sum of all Conditional Coupon Amounts B(t) determined in respect of each 
respective Coupon Observation Datet will (if not nil) be payable in respect of 
each Note on the Maturity Date. 
(ii) 
If "Lock-In Clause" is specified as being applicable in the Final Terms, then in 
respect of any Coupon Observation Datet: 
(A) 
if: 
− 
on such Coupon Observation Datet, the Underlying Value is 
greater than or equal to the Coupon Trigger Level; or 
− 
on any Lock-in Observation Date falling prior to such Coupon 
Observation Datet, the Underlying Value was greater than or equal 
to the Lock-In Level, 
an interest amount (the Conditional Coupon Amount B(t)) will be 
determined in respect of each Note in accordance with the following 
formula: 
Conditional Coupon Amount B(t) =  
(∑𝑆𝑝𝑒𝑐𝑖𝑓𝑖𝑒𝑑 𝐷𝑒𝑛𝑜𝑚𝑖𝑛𝑎𝑡𝑖𝑜𝑛 × 𝑅𝑒𝑙𝑒𝑣𝑎𝑛𝑡 𝐶𝑜𝑢𝑝𝑜𝑛 𝑅𝑎𝑡𝑒(𝑖)
𝑡
𝑖=1
)
−∑𝐶𝑜𝑛𝑑𝑖𝑡𝑖𝑜𝑛𝑎𝑙 𝐶𝑜𝑢𝑝𝑜𝑛 𝐴𝑚𝑜𝑢𝑛𝑡 𝐵(𝑖)
𝑡−1
𝑖=1
 
(B) 
otherwise, the interest amount (the Conditional Coupon Amount 
B(t)) determined in respect of such Coupon Observation Datet and 
each Note will be equal to zero. 
If "Coupons in fine" is specified as being not applicable in the Final Terms, each 
Conditional Coupon Amount B(t) determined in respect of a Coupon 
Observation Datet will (if not nil) be payable in respect of each Note on the 
Coupon Payment Datet relating to such Coupon Observation Datet.  
If "Coupons in fine" is specified as being applicable in the Final Terms, the 
sum of all Conditional Coupon Amounts B(t) determined in respect of each 
respective Coupon Observation Datet will (if not nil) be payable in respect of 
each Note on the Maturity Date. 
No interest amount will be determined or payable in respect of any Coupon 
Observation Date falling after the Relevant Automatic Early Redemption Date (if 
applicable).

--- Page 292 ---
292 
(f) 
If each Note has not been redeemed early as provided for in paragraph (a) above or if 
"Non-Callable" is specified in the Final Terms, when "Partial Memory Effect" is 
specified in the Final Terms, the sum of the interest amounts specified in paragraphs (i) 
and (ii) below will be determined in respect of each Note and each Coupon Observation 
Date: 
(i) 
an interest amount (the Conditional Coupon Amount C) will be determined 
in respect of each Note and each Coupon Observation Date in accordance with 
the following formula: 
Conditional Coupon Amount C = Specified Denomination x Coupon Rate, 
provided that on such Coupon Observation Date, the Underlying Value is 
greater than or equal to the Coupon Trigger Level; and 
(ii) 
an interest amount (the Conditional Coupon Amount D) will be determined 
in respect of each Note and each Coupon Observation Date in accordance with 
the following formula: 
Conditional Coupon Amount D = Specified Denomination x Coupon Rate x 
Coupon Recovery Rate x N 
provided that on such Coupon Observation Date, the Underlying Value is 
greater than or equal to the Coupon Trigger Level. 
If "Coupons in fine" is specified as being not applicable in the Final Terms, the sum of 
each Conditional Coupon Amount C and Conditional Coupon Amount D determined 
in respect of a Coupon Observation Date will be payable in respect of each Note on the 
Coupon Payment Date relating to such Coupon Observation Date.  
If "Coupons in fine" is specified as being applicable in the Final Terms, the sum of all 
Conditional Coupon Amounts C and Conditional Coupon Amounts D determined in 
respect of each respective Coupon Observation Date will be payable in respect of each 
Note on the Maturity Date.   
No interest amount will be determined or payable in respect of any Coupon 
Observation Date falling after the Relevant Automatic Early Redemption Date (if 
applicable). 
(g) 
If each Note has not been redeemed early as provided for in paragraph (a) above or if 
"Non-Callable", when "Guaranteed Coupon" is specified as being applicable in the 
Final Terms, an interest amount (the Guaranteed Coupon Amount) will be 
determined in respect of each Note and each relevant Coupon Observation Date and 
payable on the Guaranteed Coupon Payment Date relating to such Coupon Observation 
Date, until the Maturity Date (included), in accordance with the following formula: 
Guaranteed Coupon Amount = Specified Denomination x Guaranteed Coupon Rate 
No interest amount will be determined or payable in respect of any Coupon 
Observation Date falling after the Relevant Automatic Early Redemption Date (if 
applicable). 
If "Coupons in fine" is specified as being not applicable in the Final Terms, each 
Guaranteed Coupon determined in respect of a Coupon Observation Date will be 
payable in respect of each Note on the Coupon Payment Date relating to such Coupon 
Observation Date.  
If "Coupons in fine" is specified as being applicable in the Final Terms, the sum of all 
Guaranteed Coupons determined in respect of each respective Coupon Observation 
Date will be payable in respect of each Note on the Maturity Date.

--- Page 293 ---
293 
(h) 
If each Note has not been redeemed early as provided for in paragraph (a) above or if 
"Non-Callable" is specified in the Final Terms, if "Bonus Effect" is specified in the 
Final Terms and the Underlying Value on every Coupon Observation Date has been 
strictly lower than the Coupon Trigger Level, an interest amount (the Bonus Amount) 
will be payable in respect of each Note on the Maturity Date in accordance with the 
following formula: 
Bonus Amount = Specified Denomination x Bonus Rate 
No interest amount will be determined or payable in respect of any Coupon 
Observation Date falling after the Relevant Automatic Early Redemption Date (if 
applicable). 
 
Where: 
Autocall Trigger Level means the percentage of the Initial Underlying Value specified as such 
in the Final Terms. 
Bonus Rate means the percentage specified as such in the Final Terms. 
Coupon Recovery Rate means the percentage specified as such in the Final Terms. 
Coupon Trigger Level means the percentage of the Initial Underlying Value specified as such 
in the Final Terms. 
Floor means the value specified as such in the Final Terms 
N means, in respect of a Coupon Observation Date, the number of Coupon Observation Dates, 
from (but excluding) the latest preceding Coupon Observation Date in respect of which a 
Conditional Coupon Amount B higher than zero was determined, to (but excluding) such 
Coupon Observation Date. For the avoidance of doubt, in the case where no Conditional Coupon 
B higher than zero has ever been determined before such Coupon Observation Date, N means, 
in respect of a Coupon Observation Date, the number of Coupon Payment Dates from (but 
excluding) the Issue Date to but excluding such Coupon Observation Date. 
Knock-in Put Spread Level means the percentage of the Initial Underlying Value specified as 
such in the Final Terms. 
Lock-in Level means the percentage of the Initial Underlying Value specified as such in the 
Final Terms. 
Relevant Coupon Rate(t) means, in respect of any Coupon Observation Datet or the Final 
Coupon Observation Date, the Relevant Coupon Rate specified for such Coupon Observation 
Datet or Final Coupon Observation Date. 
Relevant Rebate(t) means, in respect of any Autocall Observation Datet, the Relevant Rebate 
specified in the Final Terms for such Autocall Observation Datet. 
 
5. 
ARTÉMIS 
This chapter sets out additional terms and conditions for Notes in respect of which the 
applicable Final Terms specify Artémis to be applicable.

--- Page 294 ---
294 
Where Artémis is specified in the Final Terms: 
(a) 
If “Put Spread” is specified as being not applicable in the Final Terms, the Notes will 
be redeemed on the Maturity Date at the Final Redemption Amount determined in 
accordance with the following formula: 
Final Redemption Amount = Specified Denomination x 100%. 
(b) 
If “Put Spread” is specified as being applicable in the Final Terms, each Note will be 
redeemed on the Maturity Date at the Final Redemption Amount determined in 
accordance with the following formula: 
Final Redemption Amount = Specified Denomination x 100% + Max (Floor; 
 
Min [Perf × (1 −Adjustment Factor)T −1; 0]) 
(c) 
When "Linear Performance" is specified in the Final Terms, an interest amount (the 
Conditional Coupon Amount A) will be determined in respect of each Note and each 
Coupon Observation Datet in accordance with the following formula: 
Conditional Coupon Amount A = Specified Denomination x Coupon A 
If "Coupons in fine" is specified as being not applicable in the Final Terms, each 
Conditional Coupon Amount A determined in respect of a Coupon Observation Datet 
will be payable in respect of each Note on the Coupon Payment Datet relating to such 
Coupon Observation Datet.  
If "Coupons in fine" is specified as being applicable in the Final Terms, the sum of all 
Conditional Coupon Amounts A determined in respect of each respective Coupon 
Observation Datet will be payable in respect of each Note on the Maturity Date.   
(d) 
When "Compounded Performance" is specified in the Final Terms, an interest amount 
(the Conditional Coupon Amount B) will be determined in respect of each Note and 
each Coupon Observation Datet in accordance with the following formula: 
Conditional Coupon Amount B = Specified Denomination x Coupon B 
If "Coupons in fine" is specified as being not applicable in the Final Terms, each 
Conditional Coupon Amount B determined in respect of a Coupon Observation Datet 
will be payable in respect of each Note on the Coupon Payment Datet relating to such 
Coupon Observation Datet.  
If "Coupons in fine" is specified as being applicable in the Final Terms, the sum of all 
Conditional Coupon Amounts B determined in respect of each respective Coupon 
Observation Datet will be payable in respect of each Note on the Maturity Date.   
Where: 
Adjustment Factor means the value specified as such in the Final Terms. 
𝐶𝑜𝑢𝑝𝑜𝑛 𝐴= 𝑀𝑎𝑥(0; 
𝑃𝑒𝑟𝑓𝑜𝑟𝑚𝑎𝑛𝑐𝑒𝑡
𝑡
) 
𝐶𝑜𝑢𝑝𝑜𝑛 𝐵= 𝑀𝑎𝑥(𝑂;(1 + 𝑃𝑒𝑟𝑓𝑜𝑟𝑚𝑎𝑛𝑐𝑒𝑡)
1
𝑡−1) 
Maximum Perft means, in relation to any Coupon Observation Datet, the quotient of (i) the 
highest of the Underlying Values on each Coupon Observation Date from (but excluding) the 
Initial Coupon Observation Date until (and including) such Coupon Observation Datet by (ii) 
the Initial Underlying Value. 
Perf means the quotient of the Final Underlying Value by the Initial Underlying Value.

--- Page 295 ---
295 
Perft means, in relation to any Coupon Observation Datet, the quotient of the Underlying Value 
on such Coupon Observation Datet by the Initial Underlying Value. 
Performancet is equal to: 
(a)  
when Lock-In Effect is specified as being not applicable in the Final Terms, [Perft  × 
(1 – Adjustment Factor)t] – 1; or 
(b)  
when Lock-In Effect is specified as applicable in the Final Terms: [Maximum Perft  × 
(1 – Adjustment Factor)t] – 1. 
T means the value specified as such in the Final Terms. 
t means, for any Coupon Observation Datet, the number of Coupon Observation Dates from 
(but excluding) the Initial Coupon Observation Date to (and including) such Coupon 
Observation Datet. 
 
6. 
ATHOS 
This chapter sets out additional terms and conditions for Notes in respect of which the 
applicable Final Terms specify Athos to be applicable. 
Where ATHOS is specified in the Final Terms  
(a) 
When "Autocall" is specified in the Final Terms, if, on any Autocall Observation Date, 
the Underlying Value is greater than or equal to the Autocall Trigger Level, each Note 
will be automatically redeemed on the immediately following Automatic Early 
Redemption Date at the Autocall Redemption Amount determined in accordance with 
the following formula: 
Autocall Redemption Amount = Specified Denomination x (100% + Relevant 
Rebate(t)) 
(b) 
If each Note has not been redeemed early as provided for in paragraph (a) above or if 
"Non-Callable" is specified in the Final Terms, each Note will be redeemed on the 
Maturity Date at an Final Redemption Amount determined in accordance with the 
following formula: 
(i) 
When "Cap" is specified as being applicable in the Final Terms: 
Final Redemption Amount = Specified Denomination x (1 + Min [Performance; 
Cap Level]) 
(ii) 
When "Cap" is specified as being not applicable in the Final Terms, 
Final Redemption Amount = Specified Denomination x (1 + Performance) 
Where: 
(A) 
If "European Observation" is specified in the Final Terms, Performance means 
the highest value between: 
(1) 
Floor 
and 
(2) 
Leverage x ([Perf  x (1 – Adjustment Factor)T] – 1) 
(B) 
If "Average Observation" is specified in the Final Terms, Performance means 
the highest value between:

--- Page 296 ---
296 
(1) 
Floor 
and 
(2) 
Leverage x Average 
Where Average means the arithmetic average of the values on each Observation 
Datet, excluding the Initial Observation Date, of Performancet. 
(C) 
If "Floored Average Observation" is specified in the Final Terms, Performance 
means the highest value between: 
(1) 
Floor 
and 
(2) 
Leverage x Floored Average 
Where Floored Average means the arithmetic average of the values on each 
Observation Datet, excluding the Initial Observation Date, of the highest 
between (x) Performancet and (y) zero. 
(D) 
If "Absolute Average Observation" is specified in the Final Terms, 
Performance means the highest value between: 
(1) 
Floor 
and 
(2) 
Leverage x Absolute Average 
Where Absolute Average means the arithmetic average of the values on each 
Observation Datet, excluding the Initial Observation Date, of the absolute value 
of Performancet. 
(c)  
When "Guaranteed Coupon" is specified as being applicable in the Final Terms, an 
interest amount (the Guaranteed Coupon Amount) will be determined in respect of 
each Note and each relevant Coupon Observation Date and payable on the Guaranteed 
Coupon Payment Date relating to such Coupon Observation Date, until the Maturity 
Date (included), in accordance with the following formula: 
Guaranteed Coupon Amount = Specified Denomination x Guaranteed Coupon Rate 
No interest amount will be determined or payable in respect of any Coupon 
Observation Date falling after the Relevant Automatic Early Redemption Date (if 
applicable). 
Where: 
Adjustment Factor means the value specified as such in the Final Terms. 
Autocall Trigger Level means the percentage of the Initial Underlying Value specified as such 
in the Final Terms. 
Cap Level means the value specified as such in the Final Terms.

--- Page 297 ---
297 
Dynamic Bond Floor Level means the percentage specified as such in the Final Terms. 
Floor means 
(a) 
When Dynamic Bond Floor is specified as being not applicable in the Final Terms: 
- 
if Ladder is specified as being not applicable in the Final Terms, the value specified 
as such in the Final Terms; 
- 
if Ladder is specified as applicable, (1) if the value equal to the highest Underlying 
Values for the Observation Dates divided by the Initial Underlying Value less one 
is equal to or higher than the lowest Ladder Level, the Floor is equal to the highest 
Ladder Level being lower than or equal to the value equal to the highest Underlying 
Values for the Observation Dates divided by the Initial Underlying Value less one 
or (2) if the value equal to the highest Underlying Values for the Observation Dates 
divided by the Initial Underlying Value less one is lower than the lowest Ladder 
Level, the Floor is equal to the value specified as such in the Final Terms. 
(b) 
When Dynamic Bond Floor Level is specified as applicable in the Final Terms, the 
Floor is equal to the highest between: 
- the Dynamic Bond Floor multiplied by the highest Underlying Values for the 
Observation Dates divided by the Initial Underlying Value less one  
and  
- the value of the Initial Floor Level. 
Initial Floor Level means the percentage specified as such in the Final Terms. 
Ladder Levels means the percentage(s) specified as such in the Final Terms. 
Leverage means the value specified as such in the Final Terms. 
Perf means the quotient of the Final Underlying Value by the Initial Underlying Value. 
Perft means, in relation to any Observation Datet, the quotient of the Underlying Value on such 
Observation Date by the Initial Underlying Value. 
Performancet is equal to [Perft  × (1 – Adjustment Factor)t] – 1. 
Relevant Rebate(t) means, in respect of any Autocall Observation Datet, the Relevant Rebate 
specified in the Final Terms for such Autocall Observation Datet. 
T means the value specified as such in the Final Terms. 
 
7. 
BEST-IN 
This chapter sets out additional terms and conditions for Notes in respect of which the 
applicable Final Terms specify Best-In to be applicable. 
Where BEST-IN is specified in the Final Terms: 
(a) 
When "Cap" is specified as being applicable in the Final Terms, each Note will be 
redeemed on the Maturity Date at the Final Redemption Amount determined in 
accordance with the following formula: 
Final Redemption Amount = Specified Denomination x Min (Cap Level; Final 
Underlying Value / Best-In Price)

--- Page 298 ---
298 
(b) 
When "Cap" is specified as being not applicable in the Final Terms, each Note will be 
redeemed on the Maturity Date at the Final Redemption Amount determined in 
accordance with the following formula: 
Final Redemption Amount = Specified Denomination x Final Underlying Value / Best-
In Price 
Where 
Best-In Price means the lowest of the Underlying Values for the Observation Dates. 
Cap Level means the value specified as such in the Final Terms. 
 
8. 
CASSIOPEE 
This chapter sets out additional terms and conditions for Notes in respect of which the 
applicable Final Terms specify Cassiopee to be applicable. 
Where CASSIOPEE is specified in the Final Terms  
(a) 
If on the Final Observation Date, the Underlying Value is greater than or equal to the 
Initial Underlying Value: 
(i) 
If "Cap" is specified as being applicable in the Final Terms, each Note will be 
redeemed on the Maturity Date at the Final Redemption Amount determined in 
accordance with the following formula: 
Final Redemption Amount = Specified Denomination x Min [Final Underlying 
Value / Initial Underlying Value; 100% + Cap Level] 
(ii) 
If "Cap" is specified as being not applicable in the Final Terms, each Note will 
be redeemed on the Maturity Date at the Final Redemption Amount determined 
in accordance with the following formula: 
Final Redemption Amount = Specified Denomination x Final Underlying Value 
/ Initial Underlying Value 
(b) 
If on the Final Observation Date, the Underlying Value is greater than or equal to the 
Knock-In Level but below the Initial Underlying Value, each Note will be redeemed on 
the Maturity Date at an amount determined in accordance with the following formula: 
Final Redemption Amount = Specified Denomination x (100% + (1 – (Final Underlying 
Value / Initial Underlying Value))) 
(c) 
If on the Final Observation Date, the Underlying Value is lower than the Knock-In 
Level, each Note will be redeemed on the Maturity Date at an amount determined in 
accordance with the following formula: 
Final Redemption Amount = Specified Denomination x Final Underlying Value / Initial 
Underlying Value 
Where 
Cap Level means the value specified as such in the Final Terms. 
Knock-In Level means the percentage of the Initial Underlying Value specified as such in the 
Final Terms.

--- Page 299 ---
299 
9. 
CLIQUET 
This chapter sets out additional terms and conditions for Notes in respect of which the 
applicable Final Terms specify Cliquet to be applicable. 
Where Cliquet is specified in the Final Terms: 
(a) 
If "Coupons in fine" is specified as being not applicable in the Final Terms: 
(i) 
When "Cap" is specified as being applicable in the Final Terms: 
(A 
If "Lock-in effect" is specified as being not applicable in the Final 
Terms, for each Coupon Observation Date, an interest amount (the 
Coupon Amount) will be payable, on the relating Coupon Payment 
Date in respect of each Note: 
Coupon Amount = Specified Denomination x Max (Local Floor; Min 
[Performancet; Cap Level])  
(B) 
If "Lock-in effect" is specified as being applicable in the Final Terms, 
for each Coupon Observation Date, an interest amount (the Coupon 
Amount (t)) will be payable, on the relating Coupon Payment Date in 
respect of each Note: 
(1) 
If on any preceding Coupon Observation Date, the Coupon 
Amount has been greater than or equal to the Cap Level: 
Coupon Amount = Specified Denomination x Cap Level 
(2) 
If on every preceding Coupon Observation Date, the Coupon 
Amount has been lower than the Cap Level 
Coupon Amount = Specified Denomination x Max(Local 
Floor; Min [Performancet; Cap Level]) 
(ii) 
When "Cap" is specified as being not applicable in the Final Terms, for each 
Coupon Observation Date, an interest amount (the Coupon Amount) will be 
payable, on each Coupon Payment Date in respect of each Note: 
Coupon Amount = Specified Denomination x Max (Local Floor; Performancet) 
(b) 
If "Coupons in fine" is specified as being applicable in the Final Terms: 
(i) 
When "Cap" is specified as being applicable in the Final Terms, on the Maturity 
Date, an interest amount (the Coupon Amount) will be payable in accordance 
with the following formula:  
𝐶𝑜𝑢𝑝𝑜𝑛 𝐴𝑚𝑜𝑢𝑛𝑡= 𝑆𝑝𝑒𝑐𝑖𝑓𝑖𝑒𝑑 𝐷𝑒𝑛𝑜𝑚𝑖𝑛𝑎𝑡𝑖𝑜𝑛× 𝑀𝑎𝑥(𝐺𝑙𝑜𝑏𝑎𝑙𝐹𝑙𝑜𝑜𝑟, ∑𝑀𝑖𝑛(𝑀𝑎𝑥(𝑃𝑒𝑟𝑓𝑜𝑟𝑚𝑎𝑛𝑐𝑒𝑡, 𝐿𝑜𝑐𝑎𝑙𝐹𝑙𝑜𝑜𝑟), 𝐶𝑎𝑝𝐿𝑒𝑣𝑒𝑙)
𝑁
𝑡=1
) 
 
(ii) 
When "Cap" is specified as being not applicable in the Final Terms, on the 
Maturity Date, an interest amount (the Coupon Amount ) will be payable in 
accordance with the following formula: 
 
𝐶𝑜𝑢𝑝𝑜𝑛 𝐴𝑚𝑜𝑢𝑛𝑡= 𝑆𝑝𝑒𝑐𝑖𝑓𝑖𝑒𝑑 𝐷𝑒𝑛𝑜𝑚𝑖𝑛𝑎𝑡𝑖𝑜𝑛× 𝑀𝑎𝑥(𝐺𝑙𝑜𝑏𝑎𝑙𝐹𝑙𝑜𝑜𝑟, ∑𝑀𝑎𝑥(𝑃𝑒𝑟𝑓𝑜𝑟𝑚𝑎𝑛𝑐𝑒𝑡, 𝐿𝑜𝑐𝑎𝑙𝐹𝑙𝑜𝑜𝑟)
𝑁
𝑡=1
) 
(c) 
If “Put Spread” and “Barrier Put” are specified as being not applicable in the Final 
Terms, the Notes will be redeemed on the Maturity Date at the Final Redemption 
Amount determined in accordance with the following formula:

--- Page 300 ---
300 
Final Redemption Amount = Specified Denomination x 100%. 
(d) 
If “Put Spread” is specified as being applicable in the Final Terms,  
(i)  
If the Underlying Value on the Final Observation Date is strictly lower than the 
Knock-in Put Spread Level, each Note will be redeemed on the Maturity Date 
at the Final Redemption Amount determined in accordance with the following 
formula: 
Final Redemption Amount = Specified Denomination x (100%+Max [Floor; 
Min ([(Final Underlying Value / Initial Underlying Value) – 1]; 0)]) 
(ii)  
If the Underlying Value on the Final Observation Date is greater than or equal 
to the "Knock-in Put Spread Level", each Note will be redeemed on the 
Maturity Date at the Final Redemption Amount determined in accordance with 
the following formula: 
Final Redemption Amount = Specified Denomination x 100%. 
(e) 
If “Barrier Put” is specified as being applicable in the Final Terms : 
(i) 
If on the Final Observation Date, the Underlying Value is greater than or equal 
to the Knock-in Level in the Final Terms, each Note will be redeemed on the 
Maturity Date at the Final Redemption Amount determined in accordance with 
the following formula: 
Final Redemption Amount = Specified Denomination x 100%  
(ii) 
If on the Final Observation Date, the Underlying Value is strictly lower than 
the Knock-In Level, each Note will be redeemed on the Maturity Date at the 
Final Redemption Amount determined in accordance with the following 
formula: 
Final Redemption Amount = Specified Denomination x Final Underlying 
Value / Initial Underlying Value 
Where: 
Cap Level means the value specified as such in the Final Terms. 
Floor means the value specified as such in the Final Terms. 
Global Floor means the value set out in the Final Terms. 
Knock-in Put Spread Level means the value specified as such in the Final Terms. 
Local Floor means the value set out in the Final Terms. 
N means the value specified as such in the Final Terms. 
For each Coupon Observation Datet 
𝑃𝑒𝑟𝑓𝑜𝑟𝑚𝑎𝑛𝑐𝑒𝑡= 𝑆𝑒𝑡𝑡𝑙𝑒𝑚𝑒𝑛𝑡 𝑃𝑟𝑖𝑐𝑒𝑡−𝑆𝑒𝑡𝑡𝑙𝑒𝑚𝑒𝑛𝑡 𝑃𝑟𝑖𝑐𝑒𝑡−1
𝑆𝑒𝑡𝑡𝑙𝑒𝑚𝑒𝑛𝑡 𝑃𝑟𝑖𝑐𝑒𝑡−1
 
Underlying Value0 means the Initial Underlying Value. 
Underlying Valuet means the Underlying Value on the Coupon Observation Datet.

--- Page 301 ---
301 
10. 
DIGITAL INFLATION  
This chapter sets out additional terms and conditions for Notes in respect of which the 
applicable Final Terms specify Digital Inflation to be applicable. 
Where DIGITAL INFLATION is specified in the Final Terms 
(a) 
The Notes will be redeemed on the Maturity Date at the Final Redemption Amount 
determined in accordance with the following formula: 
Final Redemption Amount = Specified Denomination x 100%. 
(b) 
An interest amount (the Coupon Amount A) will be payable in respect of each Note 
and each Indexed Coupon Observation Date on the related Indexed Coupon Payment 
Date in accordance with the following formula: 
(i) 
If Performance is strictly below the Trigger Level: 
Coupon Amount = Specified Denomination x Performance 
(ii) 
If Performance is at or above the Trigger Level: 
Coupon Amount = Specified Denomination x Rebate 
(c) 
If "Fixed Coupon" is specified as being applicable in the Final terms, an interest amount 
(the Coupon Amount B) will be payable in respect of each Note and each Fixed 
Coupon Observation Date on the related Fixed Coupon Payment Date in accordance 
with the following formula: 
Coupon Amount = Specified Denomination x Coupon Rate 
Where: 
Performance means the value equal to Max [0; (Underlying Value / Previous Underlying 
Value) – 1] 
Rebate means the value indicated in the Final Terms. 
Trigger Level means the value indicated in the Final Terms. 
 
11. 
DOUBLE TOP 
This chapter sets out additional terms and conditions for Notes in respect of which the 
applicable Final Terms specify Double Top to be applicable. 
Where DOUBLE TOP is specified in the Final Terms: 
(a) 
When "Autocall" is specified in the Final Terms, if on any Autocall Observation Date, 
the Underlying Value is greater than or equal to the Autocall Trigger Level, each Note 
will be automatically redeemed on the immediately following Automatic Early 
Redemption Date (this specific Automatic Early Redemption Date being therefore the 
Relevant Automatic Early Redemption Date) at the Autocall Redemption Amount 
determined in accordance with the following formula: 
Autocall Redemption Amount = Specified Denomination x (100% + Bonus Rate) 
(b) 
If each Note has not been redeemed early as provided for in paragraph (a) above or if 
"Non-Callable" is specified in the Final Terms:

--- Page 302 ---
302 
(i) 
If on the Final Observation Date, the Underlying Value is greater than or equal 
to the Autocall Trigger level, each Note will be redeemed on the Maturity Date 
at the Final Redemption Amount determined in accordance with the following 
formula: 
Final Redemption Amount = Specified Denomination x (100% + Bonus Rate) 
(ii) 
If on the Final Observation Date, the Underlying Value is strictly lower than 
the Autocall Trigger Level and greater than or equal to (1) the Knock-in Level 
if "Barrier Put" is specified in the Final Terms or (2) the Put Strike Level if 
"Leveraged Put" is specified in the Final Terms, each Note will be redeemed 
on the Maturity Date at the Final Redemption Amount determined in 
accordance with the following formula: 
Final Redemption Amount = Specified Denomination x 100%  
(iii) 
If on the Final Observation Date, the Underlying Value is strictly lower than 
the Knock-In Level and "Barrier Put" is specified in the Final Terms, each Note 
will be redeemed on the Maturity Date at the Final Redemption Amount 
determined in accordance with the following formula: 
Final Redemption Amount = Specified Denomination x Final Underlying Value 
/ Initial Underlying Value 
(iv) 
If on the Final Observation Date, the Underlying Value is strictly lower than 
the Put Strike Level and "Leveraged Put" is specified in the Final Terms, each 
Note will be redeemed on the Maturity Date at the Final Redemption Amount 
determined in accordance with the following formula: 
Final Redemption Amount = Specified Denomination x Final Underlying Value 
/ Put Strike Level 
(c) 
When "Guaranteed Coupon" is specified as being applicable in the Final Terms, an 
interest amount (the Guaranteed Coupon Amount) will be determined in respect of 
each Note and each relevant Coupon Observation Date in accordance with the following 
formula: 
Guaranteed Coupon Amount = Specified Denomination x Guaranteed Coupon Rate 
If "Coupons in fine" is specified as being not applicable in the Final Terms, each 
Guaranteed Coupon Amount determined in respect of a Coupon Observation Date will 
be payable in respect of each Note on the Guaranteed Coupon Payment Date relating 
to such Coupon Observation Date.  
If "Coupons in fine" is specified as being applicable in the Final Terms, the sum of all 
Guaranteed Coupon Amounts determined in respect of each respective Coupon 
Observation Date will be payable in respect of each Note on the Maturity Date (or, as 
applicable, the Relevant Automatic Early Redemption Date).   
No interest amount will be determined or payable in respect of any Coupon 
Observation Date falling after the Relevant Automatic Early Redemption Date (if 
applicable). 
(d) 
When "Conditional Coupon Without Memory Effect" is specified in the Final Terms: 
(i) 
if, on a Coupon Observation Date, the Underlying Value is greater than or equal 
to the Coupon Trigger Level, an interest amount (the Conditional Coupon 
Amount A) will be determined in respect of each Note and such Coupon 
Observation Date in accordance with the following formula:

--- Page 303 ---
303 
Conditional Coupon Amount A = Specified Denomination x Relevant Coupon 
Rate; and 
(ii) 
if, on a Coupon Observation Date, the Underlying Value is lower than the 
Coupon Trigger Level, the Conditional Coupon Amount A determined in 
respect of the Notes and such Coupon Observation Date will be equal to zero. 
If "Coupons in fine" is specified as being not applicable in the Final Terms, each 
Conditional Coupon Amount A determined in respect of a Coupon Observation Date 
will be payable in respect of each Note on the Coupon Payment Date relating to such 
Coupon Observation Date.  
If "Coupons in fine" is specified as being applicable in the Final Terms, the sum of all 
Conditional Coupon Amounts A determined in respect of each respective Coupon 
Observation Date (if any) will be payable in respect of each Note on the Maturity Date 
(or, as applicable, the Relevant Automatic Early Redemption Date).   
No interest amount will be determined or payable in respect of any Coupon 
Observation Date falling after the Relevant Automatic Early Redemption Date (if 
applicable). 
(e) 
When "Conditional Coupon With Memory Effect" is specified in the Final Terms: 
(i) 
if, on a Coupon Observation Datet, the Underlying Value is greater than or 
equal to the Coupon Trigger Level, an interest amount (the Conditional 
Coupon Amount B(t)) will be determined in respect of each Note and such 
Coupon Observation Datet in accordance with the following formula: 
Conditional Coupon Amount B(t) =  
(∑𝑆𝑝𝑒𝑐𝑖𝑓𝑖𝑒𝑑 𝐷𝑒𝑛𝑜𝑚𝑖𝑛𝑎𝑡𝑖𝑜𝑛 × 𝑅𝑒𝑙𝑒𝑣𝑎𝑛𝑡 𝐶𝑜𝑢𝑝𝑜𝑛 𝑅𝑎𝑡𝑒(𝑖)
𝑡
𝑖=1
)
−∑𝐶𝑜𝑛𝑑𝑖𝑡𝑖𝑜𝑛𝑎𝑙 𝐶𝑜𝑢𝑝𝑜𝑛 𝐴𝑚𝑜𝑢𝑛𝑡 𝐵(𝑖)
𝑡−1
𝑖=1
 
(ii) 
if, on a Coupon Observation Datet, the Underlying Value is lower than the 
Coupon Trigger Level, the interest amount (the Conditional Coupon Amount 
B(t)) determined in respect of each Note and such Coupon Observation Datet 
will be equal to zero. 
If "Coupons in fine" is specified as being not applicable in the Final Terms, each 
Conditional Coupon Amount B(t) determined in respect of a Coupon Observation Datet 
(if any) will be payable in respect of each Note on the Coupon Payment Datet relating 
to such Coupon Observation Datet.  
If "Coupons in fine" is specified as being applicable in the Final Terms, the sum of all 
Conditional Coupon Amounts B(t) determined in respect of each respective Coupon 
Observation Datet (if any) will be payable in respect of each Note on the Maturity Date 
(or, as applicable, the Relevant Automatic Early Redemption Date).   
No interest amount will be determined or payable in respect of any Coupon 
Observation Date falling after the Relevant Automatic Early Redemption Date (if 
applicable). 
Where: 
Autocall Trigger Level means, for any Autocall Observation Date and for the Final 
Observation Date, the percentage of the Initial Underlying Value specified as such in the Final 
Terms. 
Bonus Rate means the percentage specified as such in the Final Terms.

--- Page 304 ---
304 
Coupon Trigger Level means the percentage of the Initial Underlying Value specified as such 
in the Final Terms. 
Knock-In Level means the percentage of the Initial Underlying Value specified as such in the 
Final Terms. 
Put Strike Level means the percentage of the Initial Underlying Value specified as such in the 
Final Terms. 
Relevant Coupon Rate(t) means, in respect of any Coupon Observation Datet or the Final 
Coupon Observation Date, the Relevant Coupon Rate specified for such Coupon Observation 
Datet or Final Coupon Observation Date. 
 
12. 
DOUBLE TOP SWITCH 
This chapter sets out additional terms and conditions for Notes in respect of which the 
applicable Final Terms specify DOUBLE TOP SWITCH to be applicable. 
Where DOUBLE TOP SWITCH is specified in the Final Terms: 
(a) 
If on any Autocall Observation Date, the Underlying Value is greater than or equal to 
the Autocall Trigger Level, each Note will be automatically redeemed on the 
immediately following Automatic Early Redemption Date (this specific Automatic 
Early Redemption Date being therefore the Relevant Automatic Early Redemption 
Date) at the Autocall Redemption Amount determined in accordance with the following 
formula: 
Autocall Redemption Amount = Specified Denomination x (100%) 
(b) 
If each Note has not been redeemed early as provided for in paragraph (a) above, each 
Note will be redeemed on the Maturity Date at the Final Redemption Amount 
determined in accordance with the following formula: 
(i) 
if: 
− 
on any Securitisation Observation Date, the Underlying Value is lower than or 
equal to the Securitisation Level; or 
− 
on the Final Observation Date, the Underlying Value is greater than or equal to 
the Knock-In Level, 
Final Redemption Amount = Specified Denomination x 100% 
(ii) 
otherwise: 
Final Redemption Amount = Specified Denomination x (Final Underlying 
Value / Initial Underlying Value). 
(c) 
When "Conditional Coupon Without Memory Effect" is specified in the Final Terms: 
(i) 
if: 
(A) 
on any Coupon Observation Datet, the Underlying Value is greater 
than or equal to the Coupon Trigger Level; or 
(B) 
on any Securitisation Observation Date, the Underlying Value is 
lower than or equal to the Securitisation Level,

--- Page 305 ---
305 
an interest amount (the Conditional Coupon Amount A(t)) will be determined 
in respect of each Note and such Coupon Observation Datet, in accordance with 
the following formula: 
Conditional Coupon Amount A = Specified Denomination x Relevant Coupon 
Ratet;  
(ii) 
otherwise, the interest amount (the Conditional Coupon Amount A(t)) 
determined in respect of such Coupon Observation Datet and each Note will be 
equal to zero.  
(d) 
When "Conditional Coupon with Memory Effect" is specified in the Final Terms: 
(i) 
if: 
(A) 
on any Coupon Observation Datet, the Underlying Value is greater 
than or equal to the Coupon Trigger Level; or 
(B) 
on any Securitisation Observation Date, the Underlying Value is 
lower than or equal to the Securitisation Level, 
an interest amount (the Conditional Coupon Amount B(t)) will be determined 
in respect of each Note in accordance with the following formula: 
Conditional Coupon Amount B(t) =  
(∑𝑆𝑝𝑒𝑐𝑖𝑓𝑖𝑒𝑑 𝐷𝑒𝑛𝑜𝑚𝑖𝑛𝑎𝑡𝑖𝑜𝑛 × 𝑅𝑒𝑙𝑒𝑣𝑎𝑛𝑡 𝐶𝑜𝑢𝑝𝑜𝑛 𝑅𝑎𝑡𝑒(𝑖)
𝑡
𝑖=1
)
−∑𝐶𝑜𝑛𝑑𝑖𝑡𝑖𝑜𝑛𝑎𝑙 𝐶𝑜𝑢𝑝𝑜𝑛 𝐴𝑚𝑜𝑢𝑛𝑡 𝐵(𝑖)
𝑡−1
𝑖=1
 
(ii) 
otherwise, the interest amount (the Conditional Coupon Amount B(t)) 
determined in respect of such Coupon Observation Datet and each Note will be 
equal to zero. 
Where 
Coupon Trigger Level means the percentage of the Initial Underlying Value specified as such 
in the Final Terms. 
Knock-In Level means the percentage of the Initial Underlying Value specified as such in the 
Final Terms. 
Securitisation Level means the percentage of the Initial Underlying Value specified as such in 
the Final Terms. 
Relevant Coupon Rate(t) means, in respect of any Coupon Observation Datet or the Final 
Coupon Observation Date, the Relevant Coupon Rate specified for such Coupon Observation 
Datet or Final Coupon Observation Date. 
Securitisation Observation Date means each date specified as such or otherwise determined 
in accordance with the Final Terms. 
 
13. 
ERIDAN 
This chapter sets out additional terms and conditions for Notes in respect of which the 
applicable Final Terms specify Eridan to be applicable. 
Where ERIDAN is specified in the Final Terms

--- Page 306 ---
306 
Each Note will be redeemed on the Maturity Date at the Final Redemption Amount determined 
in accordance with the following formula: 
(a) 
When "Cap" is specified as being applicable in the Final Terms: 
Final Redemption Amount = Specified Denomination x (1 + Min [Performance; Cap 
Level]) 
(b) 
When "Cap" is specified as being not applicable in the Final Terms, 
Final Redemption Amount = Specified Denomination x (1 + Performance) 
with Performance being the highest value between 0 and the sum of: 
(i) 
the product of Leverage 1 and the highest value between: 
(A) 
(Final Underlying ValueA / Initial Underlying ValueA) – 1 
and 
(B) 
(Final Underlying ValueB / Initial Underlying ValueB) – 1 
(ii) 
the product of Leverage 2 and the lowest value between: 
(A) 
(Final Underlying ValueA / Initial Underlying ValueA) – 1) 
and 
(B) 
(Final Underlying ValueB / Initial Underlying ValueB) – 1 
Where: 
Cap Level means the value specified as such in the Final Terms. 
Leverage 1 means the value specified as such in the Final Terms. 
Leverage 2 means the value specified as such in the Final Terms. 
 
14. 
FLOATER INFLATION 
This chapter sets out additional terms and conditions for Notes in respect of which the 
applicable Final Terms specify Floater Inflation to be applicable. 
Where FLOATER INFLATION is specified in the Final Terms: 
(a) 
The Notes will be redeemed on the Maturity Date at the Final Redemption Amount 
determined in accordance with the following formula: 
Final Redemption Amount = Specified Denomination x 100%. 
(b) 
If "Cap" is specified as being applicable in the Final terms, an interest amount 
(the Coupon Amount A) will be payable in respect of each Note and in each Indexed 
Coupon Observation Date on the related Indexed Coupon Payment Date in accordance 
with the following formula: 
Coupon Amount = Specified Denomination x Min [Cap Level; Performance] 
(c) 
If "Cap" is specified as being not applicable in the Final terms, an interest amount 
(the Coupon Amount B) will be payable in respect of each Note and in each Indexed 
Coupon Observation Date on the related Indexed Coupon Payment Date in accordance 
with the following formula:

--- Page 307 ---
307 
Coupon Amount = Specified Denomination x Performance 
(d) 
If "Fixed Coupon" is specified as being applicable in the Final terms, an interest amount 
(the Coupon Amount C) will be payable in respect of each Note and in each Fixed 
Coupon Observation Date on the related Fixed Coupon Payment Date in accordance 
with the following formula: 
Coupon Amount = Specified Denomination x Coupon Rate 
Where: 
Cap Level means the value indicated in the Final Terms. 
Floor Level means the value indicated in the Final Terms. 
Performance means the value equal to Max [Floor Level; Leverage x (Underlying Value / 
Previous Underlying Value – 1)] 
 
15. 
LEVERAGED FLOATER 
This chapter sets out additional terms and conditions for Notes in respect of which the 
applicable Final Terms specify Leveraged Floater to be applicable. 
Where LEVERAGED FLOATER is specified in the Final Terms, each Note will be redeemed 
on the Maturity Date at the Final Redemption Amount determined in accordance with the 
following formula: Final Redemption Amount = Specified Denomination x 100%. 
(a) 
If "Floor" is specified as being applicable in the Final Terms, an interest amount (the 
Coupon Amount) will be payable in respect of each Note and each Coupon 
Observation Datet on the relating Coupon Payment Datet, for the Coupon Periodt 
starting on and including the immediately preceding Coupon Observation Datet-1 (or, 
for the first Coupon Period, the Issue Date) and ending on, but excluding, such Coupon 
Observation Datet, in accordance with the following formula: 
Coupon Amount = Specified Denomination x Day Count Fraction x Max [Floor Level; 
Leverage x (Underlying Valuet + Margin)]) 
(b) 
If "Cap" is specified as being applicable in the Final Terms, an interest amount (the 
Coupon Amount) will be payable in respect of each Note and each Coupon 
Observation Datet on the relating Coupon Payment Datet, for the Coupon Periodt 
starting on and including the immediately preceding Coupon Observation Datet-1 (or, 
for the first Coupon Period, the Issue Date) and ending on, but excluding, such Coupon 
Observation Datet, in accordance with the following formula: 
Coupon Amount = Specified Denomination x Day Count Fraction x Min [Cap Level; 
Leverage x (Underlying Valuet + Margin)]) 
(c) 
If "Cap" and "Floor" are specified as being applicable in the Final Terms, an interest 
amount (the Coupon Amount) will be payable in respect of each Note and each Coupon 
Observation Datet on the relating Coupon Payment Datet, for the Coupon Periodt 
starting on and including the immediately preceding Coupon Observation Datet-1 (or, 
for the first Coupon Period, the Issue Date) and ending on, but excluding, such Coupon 
Observation Datet, in accordance with the following formula: 
Coupon Amount = Specified Denomination x Day Count Fraction x Max [Floor Level; 
Min (Cap Level; Leverage x [Underlying Valuet + Margin])] 
(d) 
If "Cap" and "Floor" are specified as being not applicable in the Final Terms, an interest 
amount (the Coupon Amount) will be payable in respect of each Note and each Coupon

--- Page 308 ---
308 
Observation Datet on the relating Coupon Payment Datet, for the Coupon Periodt 
starting on and including the immediately preceding Coupon Observation Datet-1 (or, 
for the first Coupon Period, the Issue Date) and ending on, but excluding, such Coupon 
Observation Datet, in accordance with the following formula: 
Coupon Amount = Specified Denomination x Day Count Fraction x Leverage x 
(Underlying Valuet + Margin)]) 
Where: 
Underlying Valuet means, in respect of a Coupon Periodt: 
- 
if "In advance" is specified for the Underlying in the applicable Final Terms, the 
Underlying Value on the Coupon Observation Datet-1 on which the Coupon Periodt 
starts, provided that if the initial Coupon Observation Date falls on or before the Issue 
Date, the Underlying Value for the first Coupon Period shall be the level of the 
Underlying on such initial Coupon Observation Date; or 
- 
if "In arrears" is specified for the Underlying in the applicable Final Terms, the 
Underlying Value on the Coupon Observation Datet on which the Coupon Periodt ends. 
Cap Level means the value indicated in the Final Terms. 
Floor Level means the value indicated in the Final Terms. 
Leverage is as specified in the applicable Final Terms. 
Margin is as specified in the applicable Final Terms. 
 
16. 
LOCKER 
This chapter sets out additional terms and conditions for Notes in respect of which the 
applicable Final Terms specify Locker to be applicable. 
Where LOCKER is specified in the Final Terms: 
(a) 
Each Note will be redeemed on the Maturity Date at the Final Redemption Amount 
determined in accordance with the following formula: 
(i) 
if: 
− 
on any Securitisation Date, the Underlying Value is greater than or equal to the 
Securitisation Level; or 
− 
on the Final Observation Date, the Underlying Value is greater than or equal 
to the Knock-In Level, 
Final Redemption Amount = Specified Denomination x 100% 
(ii) 
otherwise: 
Final Redemption Amount = Specified Denomination x (Final Underlying 
Value / Initial Underlying Value). 
(b) 
When "Conditional Coupon Without Memory Effect" is specified in the Final Terms: 
(i) 
If "Lock-In Clause" is specified as being not applicable in the Final Terms, then 
in respect of any Coupon Observation Date:

--- Page 309 ---
309 
− 
if, on such Coupon Observation Date, the Underlying Value is greater than 
or equal to the Coupon Trigger Level, an interest amount (the Conditional 
Coupon Amount A) will be determined in respect of each Note and such 
Coupon Observation Date, in accordance with the following formula: 
Conditional Coupon Amount A = Specified Denomination x Relevant 
Coupon Rate;  
− 
otherwise, the interest amount (the Conditional Coupon Amount A) 
determined in respect of such Coupon Observation Date and each Note will 
be equal to zero.  
If "Coupons in fine" is specified as being not applicable in the Final Terms, each 
Conditional Coupon Amount A determined in respect of a Coupon Observation 
Date will (if not nil) be payable in respect of each Note on the Coupon Payment 
Date relating to such Coupon Observation Date.  
If "Coupons in fine" is specified as being applicable in the Final Terms, the sum 
of all Conditional Coupon Amounts A determined in respect of each respective 
Coupon Observation Date will (if not nil) be payable in respect of each Note on 
the Maturity Date.   
(ii) 
If "Lock-In Clause" is specified as being applicable in the Final Terms, then in 
respect of any Coupon Observation Date:  
(A) 
 if: 
− 
on such Coupon Observation Date, the Underlying Value is 
greater than or equal to the Coupon Trigger Level; or 
− 
on any Lock-in Observation Date falling prior to such Coupon 
Observation Date, the Underlying Value was greater than or 
equal to the Lock-In Level, 
an interest amount (the Conditional Coupon Amount A) will be 
determined in respect of each Note and such Coupon Observation Date, 
in accordance with the following formula: 
Conditional Coupon Amount A = Specified Denomination x Relevant 
Coupon Rate;  
(B) 
otherwise, the interest amount (the Conditional Coupon Amount A) 
determined in respect of such Coupon Observation Date and each Note 
will be equal to zero.  
If "Coupons in fine" is specified as being not applicable in the Final Terms, each 
Conditional Coupon Amount A determined in respect of a Coupon Observation 
Date will (if not nil) be payable in respect of each Note on the Coupon Payment 
Date relating to such Coupon Observation Date.  
If "Coupons in fine" is specified as being applicable in the Final Terms, the sum 
of all Conditional Coupon Amounts A determined in respect of each respective 
Coupon Observation Date will (if not nil) be payable in respect of each Note on 
the Maturity Date.   
(c) 
When "Conditional Coupon with Memory Effect" is specified in the Final Terms: 
(i) 
If "Lock-In Clause" is specified as being not applicable in the Final Terms, then 
in respect of any Coupon Observation Datet:

--- Page 310 ---
310 
(A) 
if, on such Coupon Observation Datet, the Underlying Value is greater 
than or equal to the Coupon Trigger Level, an interest amount (the 
Conditional Coupon Amount B(t)) will be determined in respect of 
each Note in accordance with the following formula: 
Conditional Coupon Amount B(t) =  
(∑𝑆𝑝𝑒𝑐𝑖𝑓𝑖𝑒𝑑 𝐷𝑒𝑛𝑜𝑚𝑖𝑛𝑎𝑡𝑖𝑜𝑛 × 𝑅𝑒𝑙𝑒𝑣𝑎𝑛𝑡 𝐶𝑜𝑢𝑝𝑜𝑛 𝑅𝑎𝑡𝑒(𝑖)
𝑡
𝑖=1
)
−∑𝐶𝑜𝑛𝑑𝑖𝑡𝑖𝑜𝑛𝑎𝑙 𝐶𝑜𝑢𝑝𝑜𝑛 𝐴𝑚𝑜𝑢𝑛𝑡 𝐵(𝑖)
𝑡−1
𝑖=1
 
(B) 
otherwise, the interest amount (the Conditional Coupon Amount 
B(t)) determined in respect of such Coupon Observation Datet and 
each Note will be equal to zero. 
If "Coupons in fine" is specified as being not applicable in the Final Terms, each 
Conditional Coupon Amount B(t) determined in respect of a Coupon 
Observation Datet will (if not nil) be payable in respect of each Note on the 
Coupon Payment Datet relating to such Coupon Observation Datet.  
If "Coupons in fine" is specified as being applicable in the Final Terms, the 
sum of all Conditional Coupon Amounts B(t) determined in respect of each 
respective Coupon Observation Datet will (if not nil) be payable in respect of 
each Note on the Maturity Date. 
(ii) 
If "Lock-In Clause" is specified as being applicable in the Final Terms, then in 
respect of any Coupon Observation Datet: 
(A) 
if: 
− 
on such Coupon Observation Datet, the Underlying Value is 
greater than or equal to the Coupon Trigger Level; or 
− 
on any Lock-in Observation Date falling prior to such Coupon 
Observation Datet, the Underlying Value was greater than or equal 
to the Lock-In Level, 
an interest amount (the Conditional Coupon Amount B(t)) will be 
determined in respect of each Note in accordance with the following 
formula: 
Conditional Coupon Amount B(t) =  
(∑𝑆𝑝𝑒𝑐𝑖𝑓𝑖𝑒𝑑 𝐷𝑒𝑛𝑜𝑚𝑖𝑛𝑎𝑡𝑖𝑜𝑛 × 𝑅𝑒𝑙𝑒𝑣𝑎𝑛𝑡 𝐶𝑜𝑢𝑝𝑜𝑛 𝑅𝑎𝑡𝑒(𝑖)
𝑡
𝑖=1
)
−∑𝐶𝑜𝑛𝑑𝑖𝑡𝑖𝑜𝑛𝑎𝑙 𝐶𝑜𝑢𝑝𝑜𝑛 𝐴𝑚𝑜𝑢𝑛𝑡 𝐵(𝑖)
𝑡−1
𝑖=1
 
(B) 
otherwise, the interest amount (the Conditional Coupon Amount 
B(t)) determined in respect of such Coupon Observation Datet and 
each Note will be equal to zero. 
If "Coupons in fine" is specified as being not applicable in the Final Terms, each 
Conditional Coupon Amount B(t) determined in respect of a Coupon 
Observation Datet will (if not nil) be payable in respect of each Note on the 
Coupon Payment Datet relating to such Coupon Observation Datet.  
If "Coupons in fine" is specified as being applicable in the Final Terms, the 
sum of all Conditional Coupon Amounts B(t) determined in respect of each

--- Page 311 ---
311 
respective Coupon Observation Datet will (if not nil) be payable in respect of 
each Note on the Maturity Date. 
Where 
Coupon Trigger Level means the percentage of the Initial Underlying Value specified as such 
in the Final Terms. 
Knock-In Level means the percentage of the Initial Underlying Value specified as such in the 
Final Terms. 
Lock-In Level means the percentage of the Initial Underlying Value specified as such in the 
Final Terms. 
Lock-In Observation Date means each date specified as such or otherwise determined in 
accordance with the Final Terms. 
Relevant Coupon Rate(t) means, in respect of any Coupon Observation Datet or the Final 
Coupon Observation Date, the Relevant Coupon Rate specified for such Coupon Observation 
Datet or Final Coupon Observation Date. 
Securitisation Date means each date specified as such or otherwise determined in accordance 
with the Final Terms. 
Securitisation Level means the percentage of the Initial Underlying Value specified as such in 
the Final Terms. 
 
17. 
ORION 
This chapter sets out additional terms and conditions for Notes in respect of which the 
applicable Final Terms specify Orion to be applicable. 
Where ORION is specified in the Final Terms: 
(a) 
When "Autocall" is specified in the Final Terms, if on any Autocall Observation Date, 
the Underlying Value is greater than or equal to the Autocall Trigger Level, each Note 
will be automatically redeemed on the immediately following Automatic Early 
Redemption Date at the Autocall Redemption Amount determined in accordance with 
the following formula: 
Autocall Redemption Amount = Specified Denomination x (100% + Relevant Bonus 
Rate) 
(b) 
If each Note has not been redeemed early as provided for in paragraph (a) above or if 
"Non-Callable" is specified in the Final Terms: 
(i) 
If on the Final Observation Date, the Underlying Value is greater than or equal 
to the Initial Underlying Value, each Note will be redeemed on the Maturity 
Date at the Final Redemption Amount determined in accordance with the 
following formula: 
(A) 
If "Cap" is specified as being applicable in the Final Terms: 
Final Redemption Amount = Specified Denomination x (1 + Min 
[Performance; Cap Level]) 
(B) 
When "Cap" is specified as being not applicable in the Final Terms, 
Final Redemption Amount = Specified Denomination x (1 + 
Performance)

--- Page 312 ---
312 
Where Performance means the highest value between: 
(1) 
Floor Level 
and 
(2) 
Leverage x [(Final Underlying Value / Initial Underlying 
Value) – 1] 
(ii) 
If on the Final Observation Date, the Underlying Value is lower than the Initial 
Underlying Value and greater than or equal to (1) the Knock-in Level if 
"Barrier Put" is specified in the Final Terms or (2) the Put Strike Level if 
"Leveraged Put" is specified in the Final Terms, each Note will be redeemed 
on the Maturity Date at the Final Redemption Amount determined in 
accordance with the following formula: 
(A) 
if the "Ladder mechanism" is specified as being applicable in the Final 
Terms: 
(1) 
If the Ladder Condition is satisfied: 
Final Redemption Amount = Specified Denomination x 
(100%+Floor Level) 
(2) 
If the Ladder Condition is not satisfied: 
Final Redemption Amount = Specified Denomination x 100% 
(B) 
if the "Ladder mechanism" is specified as being not applicable in the 
Final Terms 
Final Redemption Amount = Specified Denomination x 100% 
(iii) 
If on the Final Observation Date, the Underlying Value is strictly lower than the 
Knock-In Level and "Barrier Put" is specified in the Final Terms, each Note 
will be redeemed on the Maturity Date at the Final Redemption Amount 
determined in accordance with the following formula: 
(A) 
if the "Ladder mechanism" is specified as being applicable in the Final 
Terms 
(1) 
If the Ladder Condition is satisfied: 
Final Redemption Amount = Specified Denomination x 
(100% + Floor Level) 
(2) 
If the Ladder Condition is not satisfied: 
Final Redemption Amount = Specified Denomination x Final 
Underlying Value / Initial Underlying Value 
(B) 
if "Ladder mechanism" is specified as being not applicable in the Final 
Terms 
Final Redemption Amount = Specified Denomination x Final 
Underlying Value / Initial Underlying Value 
(iv) 
If on the Final Observation Date, the Underlying Value is strictly lower than the 
Put Strike Level and "Leveraged Put" is specified in the Final Terms, each Note 
will be redeemed on the Maturity Date at the Final Redemption Amount 
determined in accordance with the following formula:

--- Page 313 ---
313 
(A) 
if the "Ladder mechanism" is specified as being applicable in the Final 
Terms 
(1) 
If the Ladder Condition is satisfied: 
Final Redemption Amount = Specified Denomination x (100% 
+ Floor Level) 
(2) 
If the Ladder Condition is not satisfied: 
Final Redemption Amount = Specified Denomination x Final 
Underlying Value / Put Strike Level 
(B) 
if the "Ladder mechanism" is specified as being not applicable in the 
Final Terms 
Final Redemption Amount = Specified Denomination x Final 
Underlying Value / Put Strike Level 
Where: 
Autocall Trigger Level means the percentage of the Initial Underlying Value specified as such 
in the Final Terms. 
Cap Level means the value specified as such in the Final Terms. 
Floor Level means: 
(a) 
if the "Ladder mechanism" is specified as being not applicable in the Final Terms: the 
value specified as such in the Final Terms; 
(b) 
if the "Ladder mechanism" is specified as being applicable in the Final terms 
(i) 
if the amount equal to the highest Underlying Value for the Observation Dates 
divided by the Initial Underlying Value less one, is equal to or higher than the 
lowest Ladder Level (in which case, the Ladder Condition is satisfied): the 
value corresponding to the highest Ladder Level being lower than the amount 
equal to the highest Underlying Value for the Observation Dates divided by 
the Initial Underlying Value, less one; 
(ii) 
if the amount equal to the highest Underlying Value for the Observation Dates 
divided by the Initial Underlying Value less one is lower than the lowest 
Ladder Level (in which case, the Ladder Condition is not satisfied): 0% 
Knock-In Level means the percentage of the Initial Underlying Value specified as such in the 
Final Terms. 
Ladder Levels means the series of percentages specified as such in the Final Terms. 
Leverage means the value specified as such in the Final Terms. 
Put Strike Level means the percentage of the Initial Underlying Value specified as such in the 
Final Terms. 
Relevant Bonus Rate means, in respect of any Autocall Observation Date (i) the value 
specified as such in the Final Terms for such Autocall Observation Date, if so specified for each 
Autocall Observation Date or (ii) otherwise, the percentage or formula specified as such in the 
Final Terms.

--- Page 314 ---
314 
 
18. 
PEGASE 
This chapter sets out additional terms and conditions for Notes in respect of which the 
applicable Final Terms specify Pegase to be applicable. 
Where PEGASE is specified in the Final Terms: 
(a) 
If on any Observation Date, the Underlying Value is greater than or equal to the 
Securitisation Level, each Note will be redeemed on the Maturity Date at the Final 
Redemption Amount determined in accordance with the following formula: 
Final Redemption Amount = Specified Denomination x (1 + Rebate) 
(b) 
If the Underlying Value is lower than the Securitisation Level on every Observation 
Date, each Note will be redeemed on the Maturity Date at the Final Redemption 
Amount determined in accordance with the following formula: 
(i) 
If the Final Underlying Value is greater than or equal to the Initial Underlying 
Value: 
Final Redemption Amount = Specified Denomination x Min [(1+ Rebate); 
(Final Underlying Value / Initial Underlying Value)] 
(ii) 
If the Final Underlying Value is lower than the Initial Underlying Value but 
equal or greater than the Knock-In Level: 
Final Redemption Amount = Specified Denomination x 100%. 
(iii) 
If the Final Underlying Value is lower than the Knock-In Level: 
Final Redemption Amount = Specified Denomination x (Final Underlying 
Value / Initial Underlying Value) 
Where 
Knock-In Level means the percentage of the Initial Underlying Value specified as such in the 
Final Terms. 
Rebate means the value specified as such in the Final Terms. 
Securitisation Level means the percentage of the Initial Underlying Value specified as such in 
the Final Terms. 
 
19. 
RANGE ACCRUAL 
This chapter sets out additional terms and conditions for Notes in respect of which the 
applicable Final Terms specify RANGE ACCRUAL to be applicable. 
Where RANGE ACCRUAL is specified in the Final Terms  
(a) 
When "Call Option" is specified in the Final Terms, if, on any Call Option Exercise 
Date, the Call Option is activated, each Note will be redeemed on the immediately 
following Call Option Date at the Final Redemption Amount determined in accordance 
with the following formula: 
Final Redemption Amount = Specified Denomination x 100%

--- Page 315 ---
315 
(b) 
When "Call Option" is specified in the Final Terms and the Call Option has not been 
activated, or if "Non-Callable" is specified in the Final Terms: 
(i) 
if "Non-Put" is specified in the Final Terms, each Note will be redeemed on 
the Maturity Date at an Final Redemption Amount determined in accordance 
with the following formula: 
Final Redemption Amount = Specified Denomination x 100%) 
(ii) 
if “Barrier Put” or “Leveraged Put” are specified in the Final Terms, the Final 
Underlying Value is greater than or equal to (1) the Knock-in Level if "Barrier 
Put" is specified in the Final Terms or (2) the Put Strike Level if "Leveraged 
Put" is specified in the Final Terms, each Note will be redeemed on the Maturity 
Date at the Final Redemption Amount determined in accordance with the 
following formula: 
Final Redemption Amount = Specified Denomination x 100% 
(iii) 
If “Barrier Put” is specified in the Final terms, if the Final Underlying Value is 
strictly lower than the Knock-In Level and "Barrier Put" is specified in the Final 
Terms, each Note will be redeemed on the Maturity Date at the Final 
Redemption Amount determined in accordance with the following formula: 
Final Redemption Amount = Specified Denomination x 
𝐹𝑖𝑛𝑎𝑙 𝑈𝑛𝑑𝑒𝑟𝑙𝑦𝑖𝑛𝑔 𝑉𝑎𝑙𝑢𝑒
𝐼𝑛𝑖𝑡𝑖𝑎𝑙 𝑈𝑛𝑑𝑒𝑟𝑙𝑦𝑖𝑛𝑔 𝑉𝑎𝑙𝑢𝑒 
(iv) 
If "Leveraged Put" is specified in the Final Terms, if Final Underlying Value is 
strictly lower than the Put Strike Level, each Note will be redeemed on the 
Maturity Date at the Final Redemption Amount determined in accordance with 
the following formula: 
Final Redemption Amount = Specified Denomination x 
𝐹𝑖𝑛𝑎𝑙 𝑈𝑛𝑑𝑒𝑟𝑙𝑦𝑖𝑛𝑔 𝑉𝑎𝑙𝑢𝑒
𝑃𝑢𝑡 𝑆𝑡𝑟𝑖𝑘𝑒 𝐿𝑒𝑣𝑒𝑙
 
(c) 
An interest amount (the Coupon Amount) will be determined in respect of each Note 
and each Coupon Periodt in accordance with the following formula: 
Coupon Amount = Specified Denomination x Day Count Fraction x Relevant Coupon 
Rate x n/N 
(d) 
If "Guaranteed Coupon" is specified as being applicable in the Final Terms, an interest 
amount (the Guaranteed Coupon Amount) will be determined in respect of each Note 
and each Coupon Periodt in accordance with the following formula: 
Guaranteed Coupon Amount = Specified Denomination x Day Count Fraction x 
Guaranteed Coupon Rate 
(e) 
If "Coupons in fine" is specified as being not applicable in the Final Terms, each Coupon 
Amount and (if applicable) each Guaranteed Coupon Amount determined in respect of 
a Coupon Periodt will be payable in respect of each Note on the Coupon Payment Date 
or, as applicable, the Guaranteed Coupon Payment Date relating to the Coupon 
Observation Datet on which such Coupon Periodt ends.  
If "Coupons in fine" is specified as being applicable in the Final Terms, the sum of all 
Coupon Amounts and (if applicable) all Guaranteed Coupon Amounts determined in 
respect of each respective Coupon Periodt will be payable in respect of each Note on 
the Maturity Date.  
No interest amount will be determined or payable in respect of any Coupon 
Periodt starting after the Call Option Date (if applicable).

--- Page 316 ---
316 
Where: 
Accrual Observation Dates means each date specified as such in the applicable Final Terms.  
Accrual Periodt means each successive period (i) starting from (and including) the date falling 
on a number of Business Days equal to “Lag” before the first day of Coupon Periodt and (ii) 
ending on (but excluding) the date falling on a number of Business Days equal to “Lag” 
following the last day of Coupon Periodt. 
With the Call Option being activated if and when the Issuer gives notice to the Noteholders, on 
or before a Call Option Exercise Date, that it elects to redeem the Notes in whole, but not in 
part, at the Final Redemption Amount on the Call Option Date specified in such notice, the Call 
Option being activated at the sole and absolute discretion of the Issuer. 
Call Option Dates means each date specified as such in the applicable Final Terms.  
Call Option Exercise Dates means each date specified as such in the applicable Final Terms.  
Knock-In Level means the percentage of the Initial Underlying Value specified as such in the 
Final Terms. 
Lag means the number specified as such in the applicable Final Terms. 
Lower Barrier Level means the percentage of the Initial Underlying Value specified as such 
in the Final Terms. 
n means, in respect of any Accrual Periodt, the number of Accrual Observation Dates on which  
the Underlying Value is higher than or equal to the Lower Barrier Level and lower than or equal 
to the Upper Barrier Level. 
N is in respect of any Accrual Periodt, the number of Accrual Observation Dates included in 
such Accrual Periodt. 
Put Strike Level means the percentage of the Initial Underlying Value specified as such in the 
Final Terms. 
Upper Barrier Level means the percentage of the Initial Underlying Value specified as such 
in the Final Terms. 
 
20. 
REBOUND 
This chapter sets out additional terms and conditions for Notes in respect of which the 
applicable Final Terms specify Rebound to be applicable. 
Where REBOUND is specified in the Final Terms: 
(a) 
When "Autocall" is specified in the Final Terms,  
(i) 
if on any Rebound Observation Date, the Underlying Value is lower or equal to 
the Rebound Barrier: 
• 
if on any Autocall Observation Date, the Underlying Value is greater 
than or equal to the Rebound Barrier, each Note will be automatically 
redeemed on the immediately following Automatic Early Redemption 
Date (this specific Automatic Early Redemption Date being therefore the 
Relevant Automatic Early Redemption Date) at the Autocall 
Redemption Amount determined in accordance with the following 
formula:

--- Page 317 ---
317 
Autocall Redemption Amount = Specified Denomination x 100% + 
Coupon Amount(t) 
With Coupon Amount(t) =  
(∑𝑆𝑝𝑒𝑐𝑖𝑓𝑖𝑒𝑑 𝐷𝑒𝑛𝑜𝑚𝑖𝑛𝑎𝑡𝑖𝑜𝑛 × 𝑅𝑒𝑙𝑒𝑣𝑎𝑛𝑡 𝐶𝑜𝑢𝑝𝑜𝑛 𝑅𝑎𝑡𝑒(𝑖)
𝑡
𝑖=1
)
−∑𝐶𝑜𝑛𝑑𝑖𝑡𝑖𝑜𝑛𝑎𝑙 𝐶𝑜𝑢𝑝𝑜𝑛 𝐴𝑚𝑜𝑢𝑛𝑡 (𝑖)
𝑡−1
𝑖=1
 
• 
if the Notes have not been redeemed early, and if on the Final 
Observation Date, the Underlying Value is greater than or equal to the 
Rebound Barrier, each Note will be redeemed on the Maturity Date at the 
Final Redemption Amount determined in accordance with the following 
formula: 
Final Redemption Amount = Specified Denomination x 100% + Coupon 
Amount(t) 
With Coupon Amount(t) =  
(∑𝑆𝑝𝑒𝑐𝑖𝑓𝑖𝑒𝑑 𝐷𝑒𝑛𝑜𝑚𝑖𝑛𝑎𝑡𝑖𝑜𝑛 × 𝑅𝑒𝑙𝑒𝑣𝑎𝑛𝑡 𝐶𝑜𝑢𝑝𝑜𝑛 𝑅𝑎𝑡𝑒(𝑖)
𝑡
𝑖=1
)
−∑𝐶𝑜𝑛𝑑𝑖𝑡𝑖𝑜𝑛𝑎𝑙 𝐶𝑜𝑢𝑝𝑜𝑛 𝐴𝑚𝑜𝑢𝑛𝑡 (𝑖)
𝑡−1
𝑖=1
 
• 
If the Notes have not been redeemed early, and if on the Final 
Observation Date, the Underlying Value is strictly lower than the 
Rebound Barrier, and greater than or equal to (1) the Knock-in Level if 
"Barrier Put" is specified in the Final Terms or (2) the Put Strike Level if 
"Leveraged Put" is specified in the Final Terms, each Note will be 
redeemed on the Maturity Date at the Final Redemption Amount 
determined in accordance with the following formula: 
Final Redemption Amount = Specified Denomination x 100%  
• 
If the Notes have not been redeemed early, and if on the Final 
Observation Date, the Underlying Value is strictly lower than the Knock-
In Level and "Barrier Put" is specified in the Final Terms, each Note will 
be redeemed on the Maturity Date at the Final Redemption Amount 
determined in accordance with the following formula: 
Final Redemption Amount = Specified Denomination x Final Underlying 
Value / Initial Underlying Value 
• 
If the Notes have not been redeemed early, and if on the Final 
Observation Date, the Underlying Value is strictly lower than the Put 
Strike Level and "Leveraged Put" is specified in the Final Terms, each 
Note will be redeemed on the Maturity Date at the Final Redemption 
Amount determined in accordance with the following formula: 
Final Redemption Amount = Specified Denomination x Final Underlying 
Value / Put Strike Level 
(ii) 
If on every Rebound Observation Date, the Underlying Value is greater than to 
the Rebound Barrier:

--- Page 318 ---
318 
• 
if on any Autocall Observation Date, the Underlying Value is greater 
than or equal to the Autocall Trigger Level, each Note will be 
automatically redeemed on the immediately following Automatic Early 
Redemption Date (this specific Automatic Early Redemption Date being 
therefore the Relevant Automatic Early Redemption Date) at the 
Autocall Redemption Amount determined in accordance with the 
following formula: 
Autocall Redemption Amount = Specified Denomination x 100% + 
Coupon Amount(t) 
With 
 Coupon Amount (t) =  
(∑𝑆𝑝𝑒𝑐𝑖𝑓𝑖𝑒𝑑 𝐷𝑒𝑛𝑜𝑚𝑖𝑛𝑎𝑡𝑖𝑜𝑛 × 𝑅𝑒𝑙𝑒𝑣𝑎𝑛𝑡 𝐶𝑜𝑢𝑝𝑜𝑛 𝑅𝑎𝑡𝑒(𝑖)
𝑡
𝑖=1
)
−∑𝐶𝑜𝑛𝑑𝑖𝑡𝑖𝑜𝑛𝑎𝑙 𝐶𝑜𝑢𝑝𝑜𝑛 𝐴𝑚𝑜𝑢𝑛𝑡 (𝑖)
𝑡−1
𝑖=1
 
 
• 
if the Notes have not been redeemed early, and if on the Final 
Observation Date, the Underlying Value is greater than or equal to the 
Autocall Trigger Level, each Note will be redeemed on the Maturity Date 
at the Final Redemption Amount determined in accordance with the 
following formula: 
Final Redemption Amount = Specified Denomination x 100% + Coupon 
Amount 
With 
 Coupon Amount (t) =  
(∑𝑆𝑝𝑒𝑐𝑖𝑓𝑖𝑒𝑑 𝐷𝑒𝑛𝑜𝑚𝑖𝑛𝑎𝑡𝑖𝑜𝑛 × 𝑅𝑒𝑙𝑒𝑣𝑎𝑛𝑡 𝐶𝑜𝑢𝑝𝑜𝑛 𝑅𝑎𝑡𝑒(𝑖)
𝑡
𝑖=1
)
−∑𝐶𝑜𝑛𝑑𝑖𝑡𝑖𝑜𝑛𝑎𝑙 𝐶𝑜𝑢𝑝𝑜𝑛 𝐴𝑚𝑜𝑢𝑛𝑡 (𝑖)
𝑡−1
𝑖=1
 
• 
if the Notes have not been redeemed early, and if on the Final 
Observation Date, the Underlying Value is strictly lower than the 
Autocall Trigger Level, and greater than or equal to (1) the Knock-in 
Level if "Barrier Put" is specified in the Final Terms or (2) the Put Strike 
Level if "Leveraged Put" is specified in the Final Terms, each Note will 
be redeemed on the Maturity Date at the Final Redemption Amount 
determined in accordance with the following formula: 
Final Redemption Amount = Specified Denomination x 100%  
• 
If the Notes have not been redeemed early, and if on the Final 
Observation Date, the Underlying Value is strictly lower than the Knock-
In Level and "Barrier Put" is specified in the Final Terms, each Note will 
be redeemed on the Maturity Date at the Final Redemption Amount 
determined in accordance with the following formula:

--- Page 319 ---
319 
Final Redemption Amount = Specified Denomination x Final Underlying 
Value / Initial Underlying Value 
• 
If the Notes have not been redeemed early, and if on the Final 
Observation Date, the Underlying Value is strictly lower than the Put 
Strike Level and "Leveraged Put" is specified in the Final Terms, each 
Note will be redeemed on the Maturity Date at the Final Redemption 
Amount determined in accordance with the following formula: 
Final Redemption Amount = Specified Denomination x Final Underlying 
Value / Put Strike Level 
(b) 
When "Conditionnal Coupon" is specified in the Final Terms:  
(i) 
if on any Rebound Observation Date, the Underlying Value is lower than the 
Rebound Barrier: 
• 
if, on a Coupon Observation Date, the Underlying Value is greater than or 
equal to the Rebound Barrier, an interest amount (the Conditional Coupon 
Amount) will be determined in respect of each Note and such Coupon 
Observation Date in accordance with the following formula: 
Conditional Coupon Amount = Specified Denomination x Relevant 
Coupon Rate(t) 
 
• 
if, on a Coupon Observation Date, the Underlying Value is lower than the 
Rebound Barrier, the Conditional Coupon Amount determined in respect 
of the Notes and such Coupon Observation Date will be equal to zero. 
(ii) 
if on every Rebound Observation Date, the Underlying Value is greater than the 
Rebound Barrier: 
• 
if, on a Coupon Observation Date, the Underlying Value is greater than or 
equal to the Coupon Trigger Level, an interest amount (the Conditional 
Coupon Amount ) will be determined in respect of each Note and such 
Coupon Observation Date in accordance with the following formula: 
Conditional Coupon Amount = Specified Denomination x Relevant 
Coupon Rate(t) 
• 
if, on a Coupon Observation Date, the Underlying Value is lower than the 
Coupon Trigger Level, the Conditional Coupon Amount determined in 
respect of the Notes and such Coupon Observation Date will be equal to 
zero. 
If "Coupons in fine" is specified as being not applicable in the Final Terms, each 
Conditional Coupon Amount determined in respect of a Coupon Observation Date will 
be payable in respect of each Note on the Coupon Payment Date relating to such 
Coupon Observation Date.  
If "Coupons in fine" is specified as being applicable in the Final Terms, the sum of all 
Conditional Coupon Amounts determined in respect of each respective Coupon 
Observation Date (if any) will be payable in respect of each Note on the Maturity Date  
(c) 
If “Non-Callable” is specified as being not applicable in the Final Terms: 
(i) 
if  “Put Spread” is specified as being not applicable in the Final Terms, the 
Notes will be redeemed on the Maturity Date at the Final Redemption Amount 
determined in accordance with the following formula: 
Final Redemption Amount = Specified Denomination x 100%.

--- Page 320 ---
320 
(ii) 
if  “Put Spread” is specified as being applicable in the Final Terms:  
• 
if the Underlying Value on the Final Observation Date is strictly lower 
than the Knock-in Put Spread Level, each Note will be redeemed on the 
Maturity Date at the Final Redemption Amount determined in 
accordance with the following formula: 
Final Redemption Amount = Specified Denomination x (100%+Max 
[Floor; (Final Underlying Value / Initial Underlying Value)]) 
• 
if the Underlying Value on the Final Observation Date is greater than or 
equal to the "Knock-in Put Spread Level", each Note will be redeemed 
on the Maturity Date at the Final Redemption Amount determined in 
accordance with the following formula: 
Final Redemption Amount = Specified Denomination x 100% 
Where: 
Rebound Barrier means, in respect of any Autocall Observation Date, any Rebound 
Observation Date or the Final Observation Date, the percentage of the Initial Underlying Value 
specified as such in the Final Terms. 
Autocall Trigger Level means, for any Autocall Observation Date and for the Final 
Observation Date, the percentage of the Initial Underlying Value specified as such in the Final 
Terms. 
Conditional Coupon Amount (t) means, in respect of a Coupon Observation Datet, an interest 
amount determined in respect of each Note in accordance with the following formula: 
Conditional Coupon Amount (t) =  
(∑𝑆𝑝𝑒𝑐𝑖𝑓𝑖𝑒𝑑 𝐷𝑒𝑛𝑜𝑚𝑖𝑛𝑎𝑡𝑖𝑜𝑛 × 𝑅𝑒𝑙𝑒𝑣𝑎𝑛𝑡 𝐶𝑜𝑢𝑝𝑜𝑛 𝑅𝑎𝑡𝑒(𝑖)
𝑡
𝑖=1
)
−∑𝐶𝑜𝑛𝑑𝑖𝑡𝑖𝑜𝑛𝑎𝑙 𝐶𝑜𝑢𝑝𝑜𝑛 𝐴𝑚𝑜𝑢𝑛𝑡 (𝑖)
𝑡−1
𝑖=1
 
Coupon Trigger Level means the percentage of the Initial Underlying Value specified as such 
in the Final Terms. 
Floor means the value specified as such in the Final Terms. 
Knock-In Level means the percentage of the Initial Underlying Value specified as such in the 
Final Terms. 
Knock-In Put Spread Level means the percentage of the Initial Underlying Value specified as 
such in the Final Terms. 
Put Strike Level means the percentage of the Initial Underlying Value specified as such in the 
Final Terms. 
Rebound Observation Date means each date specified as such or otherwise determined in 
accordance with the Final Terms. 
Relevant Coupon Rate(t) means, in respect of any Coupon Observation Datet or the Final 
Coupon Observation Date, the Relevant Coupon Rate specified in the Final Terms for such 
Coupon Observation Datet or Final Coupon Observation Date.

--- Page 321 ---
321 
21. 
REVERSE FLOATER 
This chapter sets out additional terms and conditions for Notes in respect of which the 
applicable Final Terms specify Reverse Floater to be applicable. 
Where REVERSE FLOATER is specified in the Final Terms:  
(a) 
If the Call Option has not been activated in accordance with Note Condition 6(b): 
(i) 
an interest amount (the Coupon Amount) will be payable in respect of each 
Note and each Coupon Observation Datet on the relating Coupon Payment 
Datet, for the Coupon Periodt starting on and including the immediately 
preceding Coupon Observation Datet-1 (or, for the first Coupon Period, the Issue 
Date) and ending on, but excluding, such Coupon Observation Datet, in 
accordance with the following formula:  
Coupon Amount = Specified Denomination x Day Count Fraction x Max [Floor 
Level; Z – (Leverage x Underlying Valuet)]; and 
(ii) 
each Note will be redeemed on the Maturity Date at the Final Redemption 
Amount determined in accordance with the following formula:  
Final Redemption Amount = Specified Denomination x 100%. 
(b) 
If the Call Option has been activated: 
(i) 
a Coupon Amount calculated in accordance with the provisions of paragraph 
(a) above will be payable on the Optional Redemption Date in respect of each 
Note, for the period starting on and including the immediately preceding 
Coupon Observation Date and ending on, but excluding, the Optional 
Redemption Date; and 
(ii) 
in accordance with Note Condition 6(b), each Note will be redeemed on the 
Optional Redemption Date at the Final Redemption Amount determined in 
accordance with the following formula:  
Final Redemption Amount = Specified Denomination x 100%. 
No interest amount will be payable in respect of the Coupon Periods starting on 
or following the Optional Redemption Date.  
Where: 
Underlying Valuet means, in respect of a Coupon Periodt: 
- 
if "In advance" is specified for the Underlying in the applicable Final Terms, the 
Underlying Value on the Coupon Observation Datet-1 on which the Coupon Periodt 
starts, provided that if the initial Coupon Observation Date falls on or before the Issue 
Date, the Underlying Value for the first Coupon Period shall be the level of the 
Underlying on such initial Coupon Observation Date; or 
- 
if "In arrears" is specified for the Underlying in the applicable Final Terms, the 
Underlying Value on the Coupon Observation Datet on which the Coupon Periodt ends. 
Leverage is as specified in the applicable Final Terms. 
Floor Level means the value indicated in the Final Terms. 
Z means the value indicated in the Final Terms. 
 
22. 
SIRIUS

--- Page 322 ---
322 
This chapter sets out additional terms and conditions for Notes in respect of which the 
applicable Final Terms specify Sirius to be applicable. 
Where SIRIUS is specified in the applicable Final Terms: 
(a) 
If: 
(i) 
on any Coupon Observation Date, the Underlying Value is greater than or equal 
to the Securitisation Level; or 
(ii) 
on the Final Observation Date the Underlying Value is greater than or equal to 
the Knock-In Level, 
each Note will be redeemed on the Maturity Date at the Final Redemption Amount 
determined in accordance with the following formula: 
Final Redemption Amount = Specified Denomination x 100% 
(b) 
If: 
(i) 
on every Coupon Observation Date, the Underlying Value is lower than the 
Securitisation Level; and 
(ii) 
on the Final Observation Date the Underlying Value is lower than the Knock-
In Level, 
each Note will be redeemed on the Maturity Date at the Final Redemption Amount 
determined in accordance with the following formula: 
Final Redemption Amount = Specified Denomination x (Final Underlying Value / 
Initial Underlying Value) 
(c) 
An interest amount (the Coupon Amount) will be payable in respect of each Note and 
each Coupon Observation Date in accordance with the following formula: 
Coupon Amount = Specified Denomination x Coupon Rate 
provided that on such Coupon Observation Date, the Underlying Value is greater than 
or equal to the Coupon Trigger Level. 
If "Coupons in fine" is specified as being not applicable in the Final Terms, each 
Coupon Amount determined in respect of a Coupon Observation Date will be payable 
in respect of each Note on the Coupon Payment Date relating to such Coupon 
Observation Date.  
If "Coupons in fine" is specified as being applicable in the Final Terms, the sum of all 
Coupon Amounts determined in respect of each respective Coupon Observation Date 
will be payable in respect of each Note on the Maturity Date.   
Where 
Coupon Trigger Level means the percentage of the Initial Underlying Value specified as such 
in the Final Terms. 
Knock-In Level means the percentage of the Initial Underlying Value specified as such in the 
Final Terms. 
Securitisation Level means the percentage of the Initial Underlying Value specified as such in 
the Final Terms.

--- Page 323 ---
323 
23. 
SWITCHER CALLABLE 
This chapter sets out additional terms and conditions for Notes in respect of which the 
applicable Final Terms specify Switcher Callable to be applicable. 
Where SWITCHER CALLABLE is specified in the Final Terms  
(a) 
If the Switcher Call Option has not been activated, each Note will be redeemed on the 
Maturity Date at an Final Redemption Amount determined in accordance with the 
following formula: 
(i) 
When "Cap" is specified as being applicable in the Final Terms: 
Final Redemption Amount = Specified Denomination x (1 + Min [Performance; 
Cap Level]) 
(ii) 
When "Cap" is specified as being not applicable in the Final Terms, 
Final Redemption Amount = Specified Denomination x (1 + Performance) 
Where: 
(A) 
If "European Observation" is specified in the Final Terms, Performance means 
the higher of: 
(1) 
Floor 
and 
(2) 
Leverage x ((Final Underlying Value / Initial Underlying Value) – 1) 
(B) 
If "Average Observation" is specified in the Final Terms, Performance means 
the higher of: 
(1) 
Floor 
and 
(2) 
Leverage x Average 
with Average being the arithmetic average of the amounts determined on each 
Observation Date (excluding the Initial Observation Date) as being equal to: 
(Underlying Value / Initial Underlying Value) – 1 
(b) 
If the Switcher Call Option has been activated, each Note will be redeemed on the first 
Call Option Date falling on or after the third Business Day following the Call Option 
Notice Date at the Final Redemption Amount determined in accordance with the 
following formula: 
Final Redemption Amount = Specified Denomination x [100%+ (N x Coupon Rate)] 
With the Switcher Call Option being activated if and when the Issuer gives notice to the 
Noteholders that it elects to redeem the Note in whole, but not in part, at the Final Redemption 
Amount. The Switcher Call Option is activated at the sole and absolute discretion of the Issuer. 
Where: 
N is, in respect of any Call Option Date, the number of Call Option Dates from (but excluding) 
the Initial Observation Date to (and including) such Call Option Date. 
Cap Level means the value specified as such in the Final Terms.

--- Page 324 ---
324 
Floor means the value specified as such in the Final Terms. 
Leverage means the value specified as such in the Final Terms. 
 
24. 
SWITCHER COUPON 
This chapter sets out additional terms and conditions for Notes in respect of which the 
applicable Final Terms specify Switcher Coupon to be applicable. 
Where SWITCHER COUPON is specified in the Final Terms  
(a) 
If the Coupon Option has not been activated, each Note will be redeemed on the 
Maturity Date at an Final Redemption Amount determined in accordance with the 
following formula: 
(i) 
When "Cap" is specified as being applicable in the Final Terms: 
Final Redemption Amount = Specified Denomination x (1 + Min [Performance; 
Cap Level]) 
(ii) 
When "Cap" is specified as being not applicable in the Final Terms, 
Final Redemption Amount = Specified Denomination x (1 + Performance) 
Where: 
(A) 
If "European Observation" is specified in the Final Terms, Performance 
means the higher of: 
(1) 
Floor 
and 
(2) 
Leverage x ((Final Underlying Value / Initial Underlying Value) – 1) 
(B) 
If "Average Observation" is specified in the Final Terms, Performance means 
the higher: 
(1) 
Floor 
and 
(2) 
Leverage x Average 
with Average being the arithmetic average of the amounts determined on each 
Observation Date (excluding the Initial Observation Date) as being equal to: 
(Underlying Value / Initial Underlying Value) – 1 
(b) 
If the Coupon Option has been activated: 
(i) 
each Note will be redeemed on the Maturity Date at the Final Redemption 
Amount determined in accordance with the following formula: 
Final Redemption Amount = Specified Denomination x 100% 
(ii) 
on the first Coupon Option Date falling on or after the third Business Day 
following the Coupon Option Notice Date, an interest amount (the Optional 
Coupon Amount A) will be payable in respect of each Note: 
Optional Coupon Amount A = Specified Denomination x [(N x Coupon Rate)]

--- Page 325 ---
325 
(iii) 
on each following Coupon Option Date, an interest amount (the Optional 
Coupon Amount B) will be payable in respect of each Note 
Optional Coupon Amount B = Specified Denomination x [Coupon Rate)] 
With the Coupon Option being activated if and when the Issuer gives notice to the Noteholders 
that it elects to pay an Optional Coupon Amount A and Optional Coupon Amount B. The 
Coupon Option is activated at the sole and absolute discretion of the Issuer. 
Where: 
N means, in respect of any Coupon Option Date, the number of Coupon Option Dates from (but 
excluding) the Initial Observation Date to (and including) such Coupon Option Date. 
Cap Level means the value specified as such in the Final Terms. 
Floor means the value specified as such in the Final Terms. 
Leverage means the value specified as such in the Final Terms. 
 
25. 
TARN 
This chapter sets out additional terms and conditions for Notes in respect of which the 
applicable Final Terms specify Tarn to be applicable. 
Where TARN is specified in the Final Terms: 
(a) 
If the Notes have not been redeemed early in accordance with paragraph (d) below and 
if “Put” is specified as being not applicable in the Final Terms, the Notes will be 
redeemed on the Maturity Date at the Final Redemption Amount determined in 
accordance with the following formula: 
Final Redemption Amount = Specified Denomination x 100%. 
(b) 
If the Notes have not been redeemed early in accordance with paragraph (d) below and 
if “Put” is specified as being applicable in the Final Terms: 
(i) 
If on the Final Observation Date, the Underlying Value is greater than or equal 
to the Initial Underlying Value, each Note will be redeemed on the Maturity 
Date at the Final Redemption Amount determined in accordance with the 
following formula: 
Final Redemption Amount = Specified Denomination x 100%  
(ii) 
If on the Final Observation Date, the Underlying Value is strictly lower than 
the Initial Underlying Value and greater than or equal to (1) the Knock-in Level 
if "Barrier Put" is specified in the Final Terms or (2) the Put Strike Level if 
"Leveraged Put" is specified in the Final Terms, each Note will be redeemed 
on the Maturity Date at the Final Redemption Amount determined in 
accordance with the following formula: 
Final Redemption Amount = Specified Denomination x 100%  
(iii) 
If on the Final Observation Date, the Underlying Value is strictly lower than 
the Knock-In Level and "Barrier Put" is specified in the Final Terms, each Note 
will be redeemed on the Maturity Date at the Final Redemption Amount 
determined in accordance with the following formula: 
Final Redemption Amount = Specified Denomination x Final Underlying Value 
/ Initial Underlying Value

--- Page 326 ---
326 
(iv) 
If on the Final Observation Date, the Underlying Value is strictly lower than 
the Put Strike Level and "Leveraged Put" is specified in the Final Terms, each 
Note will be redeemed on the Maturity Date at the Final Redemption Amount 
determined in accordance with the following formula: 
Final Redemption Amount = Specified Denomination x Final Underlying Value 
/ Put Strike Level 
(b) 
When "Guaranteed Coupon" is specified as being applicable in the Final Terms, an 
interest amount (the Guaranteed Coupon Amount) will be determined in respect of 
each Note and each relevant Coupon Observation Date in accordance with the following 
formula: 
Guaranteed Coupon Amount = Specified Denomination x Guaranteed Coupon Rate 
If "Coupons in fine" is specified as being not applicable in the Final Terms, each 
Guaranteed Coupon Amount determined in respect of a Coupon Observation Date will 
be payable in respect of each Note on the Guaranteed Coupon Payment Date relating 
to such Coupon Observation Date.  
If "Coupons in fine" is specified as being applicable in the Final Terms, the sum of all 
Guaranteed Coupon Amounts determined in respect of each respective Coupon 
Observation Date will be payable in respect of each Note on the Maturity Date (or, as 
applicable, the Relevant Automatic Early Redemption Date).   
No interest amount will be determined or payable in respect of any Coupon 
Observation Date falling after the Relevant Automatic Early Redemption Date (if 
applicable). 
(c) 
When "Conditional Coupon" is specified in the Final Terms: 
(i) 
if, on a Coupon Observation Date, the Underlying Value is greater than or equal 
to the Relevant Coupon Trigger Level, an interest amount (the Conditional 
Coupon Amount) will be determined in respect of each Note and such Coupon 
Observation Date in accordance with the following formula: 
Conditional Coupon Amount A = Specified Denomination x Relevant Coupon 
Rate; and 
(ii) 
if, on a Coupon Observation Date, the Underlying Value is lower than the 
Relevant Coupon Trigger Level, the Conditional Coupon Amount determined 
in respect of the Notes and such Coupon Observation Date will be equal to 
zero. 
If "Coupons in fine" is specified as being not applicable in the Final Terms, each 
Conditional Coupon Amount determined in respect of a Coupon Observation Date will 
be payable in respect of each Note on the Coupon Payment Date relating to such 
Coupon Observation Date.  
If "Coupons in fine" is specified as being applicable in the Final Terms, the sum of all 
Conditional Coupon Amounts determined in respect of each respective Coupon 
Observation Date (if any) will be payable in respect of each Note on the Maturity Date 
(or, as applicable, the Relevant Automatic Early Redemption Date).   
No interest amount will be determined or payable in respect of any Coupon 
Observation Date falling after the Relevant Automatic Early Redemption Date (if 
applicable). 
(d) 
If, on any Autocall Observation Date, the sum of:

--- Page 327 ---
327 
(i) 
all Guaranteed Coupon Amounts calculated under paragraph (b) above (if 
applicable); and 
(ii) 
all Conditional Coupon Amounts calculated under paragraph (c) above (if 
applicable), 
is greater than or equal to the Tarn Level, each Note will be automatically redeemed on 
the immediately following Automatic Early Redemption Date (this specific Automatic 
Early Redemption Date being therefore the Relevant Automatic Early Redemption 
Date) at the Autocall Redemption Amount determined in accordance with the following 
formula: 
Autocall Redemption Amount = Specified Denomination x 100% 
Where: 
Knock-In Level means the percentage of the Initial Underlying Value specified as such in the 
Final Terms. 
Put Strike Level means the percentage of the Initial Underlying Value specified as such in the 
Final Terms. 
Relevant Coupon Trigger Level means, in respect of an Observation Date, the percentage of 
the Initial Underlying Value specified as such in the Final Terms for such Observation Date. 
Tarn Level means the percentage specified as such in the Final Terms. 
 
26. 
TOP 
This chapter sets out additional terms and conditions for Notes in respect of which the 
applicable Final Terms specify Top to be applicable. 
Where TOP is specified in the Final Terms: 
(a) 
If "Fast-Autocall" is specified as being not applicable in the Final Terms and on any 
Autocall Observation Date except for the Final Observation Date, the Underlying Value 
is greater than or equal to the Autocall Trigger Level (this specific Automatic Early 
Redemption Date being therefore the Relevant Automatic Early Redemption Date): 
(i) 
If "Indexation" is specified as being applicable in the Final Terms, each Note 
will be automatically redeemed on the Relevant Automatic Early Redemption 
Date at the Autocall Redemption Amount determined in accordance with the 
following formula: 
Autocall Redemption Amount = Specified Denomination x 100% + Max 
[Specified Denomination x Performance; Coupon Amount(t)] 
With Coupon Amount(t) being determined in accordance with the following 
formula with respect to the Coupon Obervation Datet falling on or immediately 
before the Relevant Automatic Early Redemption Date:  
 Coupon Amount(t) =  
(∑𝑆𝑝𝑒𝑐𝑖𝑓𝑖𝑒𝑑 𝐷𝑒𝑛𝑜𝑚𝑖𝑛𝑎𝑡𝑖𝑜𝑛 × 𝑅𝑒𝑙𝑒𝑣𝑎𝑛𝑡 𝐶𝑜𝑢𝑝𝑜𝑛 𝑅𝑎𝑡𝑒(𝑖)
𝑡
𝑖=1
)
−∑𝐶𝑜𝑛𝑑𝑖𝑡𝑖𝑜𝑛𝑎𝑙 𝐶𝑜𝑢𝑝𝑜𝑛 𝐴𝑚𝑜𝑢𝑛𝑡(𝑖)
𝑡−1
𝑖=1

--- Page 328 ---
328 
(ii) 
If "Max Drawdown" is specified as being applicable in the Final Terms each 
Note will be automatically redeemed on the Relevant Automatic Early 
Redemption Date at the Autocall Redemption Amount determined in 
accordance with the following formula: 
Autocall Redemption Amount = Specified Denomination x 100% + Max 
[Specified Denomination x Min (Cap ; PerfMin ) ; Coupon Amount(t)] 
With: 
− 
Coupon Amount(t) being determined in accordance with the following 
formula with respect to the Coupon Obervation Datet falling on or 
immediately before the Relevant Automatic Early Redemption Date:  
Coupon Amount(t) =  
(∑𝑆𝑝𝑒𝑐𝑖𝑓𝑖𝑒𝑑 𝐷𝑒𝑛𝑜𝑚𝑖𝑛𝑎𝑡𝑖𝑜𝑛 × 𝑅𝑒𝑙𝑒𝑣𝑎𝑛𝑡 𝐶𝑜𝑢𝑝𝑜𝑛 𝑅𝑎𝑡𝑒(𝑖)
𝑡
𝑖=1
 
and 
− 
PerfMin being equal to: 
• 
zero if the lowest Underlying Values for the Max Drawdown 
Observation Dates divided by the Initial Underlying Value less one 
is positive; or 
• 
the absolute value of the lowest Underlying Values for the Max 
Drawdown Observation Dates divided by the Initial Underlying 
Value less one if this value is negative. 
(iii) 
If "Specific Coupon” is specified as being applicable in the Final Terms, each 
Note will be automatically redeemed on the Relevant Automatic Early 
Redemption Date at the Autocall Redemption Amount determined in 
accordance with the following formula: 
Autocall Redemption Amount = Specified Denomination x 100% + Coupon 
Amount(t) 
With 
Coupon 
Amount(t) 
= 
(∑
𝑆𝑝𝑒𝑐𝑖𝑓𝑖𝑒𝑑 𝐷𝑒𝑛𝑜𝑚𝑖𝑛𝑎𝑡𝑖𝑜𝑛 ×
𝑡
𝑖=1
𝑅𝑒𝑙𝑒𝑣𝑎𝑛𝑡 𝐶𝑜𝑢𝑝𝑜𝑛 𝑅𝑎𝑡𝑒(𝑖)) −∑
𝐶𝑜𝑛𝑑𝑖𝑡𝑖𝑜𝑛𝑎𝑙 𝐶𝑜𝑢𝑝𝑜𝑛 𝐴𝑚𝑜𝑢𝑛𝑡 (𝑖)
𝑡−1
𝑖=1
 
(iv) 
If neither of "Indexation", "Maximum Drawdown" and "Specific Coupon" is 
specified as being applicable in the Final Terms, each Note will be 
automatically redeemed on the Relevant Automatic Early Redemption Date at 
the Autocall Redemption Amount determined in accordance with the following 
formula: 
Autocall Redemption Amount = Specified Denomination x [100%+ (N x 
Coupon Rate)] 
(b) 
If "Fast-Autocall" is specified as being applicable in the Final Terms and on any 
Autocall Observation Date, the Underlying Value is greater than or equal to the 
Autocall Trigger Level (this specific Automatic Early Redemption Date being therefore 
the Relevant Automatic Early Redemption Date), each Note will be automatically 
redeemed on the Relevant Automatic Early Redemption Date at the Autocall 
Redemption Amount determined in accordance with the following formula:

--- Page 329 ---
329 
Autocall Redemption Amount = Specified Denomination x [100% + (T/365) x Coupon 
Rate] 
(c) 
If the Notes have not been redeemed early as described in paragraph (a) or (b) above: 
(i) 
If on the Final Observation Date, the Underlying Value is greater than or equal 
to the relevant Autocall Trigger Level: 
(A) 
If "Indexation" is specified as being applicable in the Final Terms, each 
Note will be redeemed on the Maturity Date at the Final Redemption 
Amount determined in accordance with the following formula: 
Autocall Redemption Amount = Specified Denomination x 100% + 
Max [Specified Denomination x Performance; Coupon Amount(t)] 
With Coupon Amount(t) being determined in accordance with the 
following formula with respect to the Coupon Obervation Datet falling 
on or immediately before the Relevant Automatic Early Redemption 
Date:  
 Coupon Amount(t) =  
(∑𝑆𝑝𝑒𝑐𝑖𝑓𝑖𝑒𝑑 𝐷𝑒𝑛𝑜𝑚𝑖𝑛𝑎𝑡𝑖𝑜𝑛 × 𝑅𝑒𝑙𝑒𝑣𝑎𝑛𝑡 𝐶𝑜𝑢𝑝𝑜𝑛 𝑅𝑎𝑡𝑒(𝑖)
𝑡
𝑖=1
)
−∑𝐶𝑜𝑛𝑑𝑖𝑡𝑖𝑜𝑛𝑎𝑙 𝐶𝑜𝑢𝑝𝑜𝑛 𝐴𝑚𝑜𝑢𝑛𝑡(𝑖)
𝑡−1
𝑖=1
 
(B) 
If "Fast-Autocall" is specified as being applicable in the Final Terms, 
each Note will be redeemed on the Maturity Date at the Final 
Redemption Amount determined in accordance with the following 
formula: 
Final Redemption Amount = Specified Denomination x (100% + 
(T/365) x Coupon Rate 
 
(C) 
If "Absolute" is specified as being applicable in the Final Terms, each 
Note will be redeemed on the Maturity Date at the Final Redemption 
Amount determined in accordance with the following formula: 
Final Redemption Amount = Specified Denomination x (100% + 
Performance) 
(D) 
If "Max Drawdown" is specified as being applicable in the Final Terms 
each Note will be automatically redeemed on the Relevant Automatic 
Early Redemption Date at the Autocall Redemption Amount 
determined in accordance with the following formula: 
Autocall Redemption Amount = Specified Denomination x 100% + 
Max [Specified Denomination x Min (Cap ; PerfMin ) ; Coupon 
Amount(t)] 
With: 
− 
Coupon Amount(t) being determined in accordance with the 
following formula with respect to the Coupon Observation Datet 
falling on or immediately before the Relevant Automatic Early 
Redemption Date:

--- Page 330 ---
330 
Coupon Amount(t) =  
(∑𝑆𝑝𝑒𝑐𝑖𝑓𝑖𝑒𝑑 𝐷𝑒𝑛𝑜𝑚𝑖𝑛𝑎𝑡𝑖𝑜𝑛 × 𝑅𝑒𝑙𝑒𝑣𝑎𝑛𝑡 𝐶𝑜𝑢𝑝𝑜𝑛 𝑅𝑎𝑡𝑒(𝑖)
𝑡
𝑖=1
 
and 
− 
PerfMin being equal to: 
• 
zero if the lowest Underlying Values for the Max Drawdown 
Observation Dates divided by the Initial Underlying Value 
less one is positive; or 
• 
the absolute value of the lowest Underlying Values for the  
Max Drawdown Observation Dates divided by the Initial 
Underlying Value less one if this value is negative. 
(E) 
If "Specific Coupon” is specified as being applicable in the Final 
Terms, each Note will be automatically redeemed on the Relevant 
Automatic Early Redemption Date at the Autocall Redemption 
Amount determined in accordance with the following formula: 
Autocall Redemption Amount = Specified Denomination x 100% + 
Coupon Amount(t) 
With 
Coupon 
Amount(t) 
= 
(∑
𝑆𝑝𝑒𝑐𝑖𝑓𝑖𝑒𝑑 𝐷𝑒𝑛𝑜𝑚𝑖𝑛𝑎𝑡𝑖𝑜𝑛 ×
𝑡
𝑖=1
𝑅𝑒𝑙𝑒𝑣𝑎𝑛𝑡 𝐶𝑜𝑢𝑝𝑜𝑛 𝑅𝑎𝑡𝑒(𝑖)) −∑
𝐶𝑜𝑛𝑑𝑖𝑡𝑖𝑜𝑛𝑎𝑙 𝐶𝑜𝑢𝑝𝑜𝑛 𝐴𝑚𝑜𝑢𝑛𝑡 (𝑖)
𝑡−1
𝑖=1
 
(F) 
If neither of "Indexation", "Absolute", "Fast-Autocall", "Max 
Drawdown" and "Specific Coupon" is specified as being applicable in 
the Final Terms, each Note will be redeemed on the Maturity Date at 
the Final Redemption Amount determined in accordance with the 
following formula: 
Final Redemption Amount = Specified Denomination x [100%+ (N x 
Coupon Rate)] 
(ii) 
If on the Final Observation Date, the Underlying Value is lower than the 
relevant Autocall Trigger Level: 
(A) 
If "Absolute" is specified as being applicable in the Final Terms: 
• 
If on the Final Observation Date the Underlying Value is greater 
than or equal to (1) the Knock-in Level if "Barrier Put" is specified 
in the Final Terms or (2) the Put Strike Level if "Leveraged Put" is 
specified in the Final Terms, each Note will be redeemed on the 
Maturity Date at the Final Redemption Amount determined in 
accordance with the following formula: 
Final Redemption Amount = Specified Denomination x (100% - 
Performance) 
• 
If "Barrier Put" is specified in the Final Terms and the Underlying 
Value on the Final Observation Date is lower than the Knock-in 
Level, each Note will be redeemed on the Maturity Date at the 
Final Redemption Amount determined in accordance with the 
following formula: 
Final Redemption Amount = Specified Denomination x Max 
(Floor; Final Underlying Value / Initial Underlying Value)

--- Page 331 ---
331 
• 
If "Leveraged Put" is specified in the Final Terms and the 
Underlying Value on the Final Observation Date is lower than the 
Put Strike Level, each Note will be redeemed on the Maturity Date 
at the Final Redemption Amount determined in accordance with 
the following formula: 
Final Redemption Amount = Specified Denomination x Final 
Underlying Value / Put Strike Level 
(B) 
If "Airbag" is specified as being applicable in the Final Terms: 
• 
If on the Final Observation Date the Underlying Value is greater 
than or equal to (1) the Knock-in Level if "Barrier Put" is specified 
in the Final Terms or (2) the Put Strike Level if "Leveraged Put" is 
specified in the Final Terms, each Note will be redeemed on the 
Maturity Date at the Final Redemption Amount determined in 
accordance with the following formula: 
Final Redemption Amount = Specified Denomination x (100% + 
Airbag Rate) 
• 
If "Barrier Put" is specified in the Final Terms and the Underlying 
Value on the Final Observation Date is lower than the Knock-in 
Level, each Note will be redeemed on the Maturity Date at the 
Final Redemption Amount determined in accordance with the 
following formula: 
Final Redemption Amount = Specified Denomination x Max 
(Floor; Final Underlying Value / Initial Underlying Value) 
• 
If "Leveraged Put" is specified in the Final Terms and the 
Underlying Value on the Final Observation Date is lower than the 
Put Strike Level, each Note will be redeemed on the Maturity Date 
at the Final Redemption Amount determined in accordance with 
the following formula: 
Final Redemption Amount = Specified Denomination x Final 
Underlying Value / Put Strike Level 
(C) 
If "Partial Airbag" is specified as being applicable in the Final Terms: 
(1) 
If on the Final Observation Date the Underlying Value is 
greater than or equal to the Airbag Barrier Level, each Note will 
be redeemed on the Maturity Date at the Final Redemption 
Amount determined in accordance with the following formula: 
Final Redemption Amount = Specified Denomination x (100% 
+ Airbag Rate) 
(2) 
If on the Final Observation Date the Underlying Value is 
strictly lower than the Airbag Barrier Level: 
• 
If on the Final Observation Date the Underlying Value is 
greater than or equal to (x) the Knock-in Level if "Barrier 
Put" is specified in the Final Terms or (y) the Put Strike 
Level if "Leveraged Put" is specified in the Final Terms, 
each Note will be redeemed on the Maturity Date at the 
Final Redemption Amount determined in accordance with 
the following formula:

--- Page 332 ---
332 
Final Redemption Amount = Specified Denomination x 
100% 
• 
If "Barrier Put" is specified in the Final Terms and the 
Underlying Value on the Final Observation Date is lower 
than the Knock-in Level, each Note will be redeemed on 
the Maturity Date at the Final Redemption Amount 
determined in accordance with the following formula: 
Final Redemption Amount = Specified Denomination x 
Max (Floor; Final Underlying Value / Initial Underlying 
Value) 
• 
If "Leveraged Put" is specified in the Final Terms and the 
Underlying Value on the Final Observation Date is lower 
than the Put Strike Level, each Note will be redeemed on 
the Maturity Date at the Final Redemption Amount 
determined in accordance with the following formula: 
Final Redemption Amount = Specified Denomination x 
Final Underlying Value / Put Strike Level 
(D) 
If "Absolute", "Airbag" and "Partial-Airbag" are specified as being not 
applicable in the Final Terms: 
(1) 
If "Securitisation" is specified as being not applicable in the 
Final Terms: 
• 
If on the Final Observation Date the Underlying Value is 
greater than or equal to (x) the Knock-in Level if "Barrier 
Put" is specified in the Final Terms or (y) the Put Strike 
Level if "Leveraged Put" is specified in the Final Terms, 
each Note will be redeemed on the Maturity Date at the 
Final Redemption Amount determined in accordance with 
the following formula: 
Final Redemption Amount = Specified Denomination x 
100% 
• 
If "Barrier Put" is specified in the Final Terms and the 
Underlying Value on the Final Observation Date is lower 
than the Knock-in Level, each Note will be redeemed on the 
Maturity Date at the Final Redemption Amount determined 
in accordance with the following formula: 
Final Redemption Amount = Specified Denomination x 
Max (Floor; Final Underlying Value / Initial Underlying 
Value) 
• 
If "Leveraged Put" is specified in the Final Terms and the 
Underlying Value on the Final Observation Date is lower 
than the Put Strike Level, each Note will be redeemed on 
the Maturity Date at the Final Redemption Amount 
determined in accordance with the following formula: 
Final Redemption Amount = Specified Denomination x 
Final Underlying Value / Put Strike Level 
(2) 
If "Securitisation" is specified as being applicable in the Final 
Terms:

--- Page 333 ---
333 
• 
If: 
o on any Securitisation Observation Date, the 
Underlying Value is greater than or equal to the 
Securitisation Level; or 
o on the Final Observation Date the Underlying 
Value is greater than or equal to (x) the Knock-in 
Level if "Barrier Put" is specified in the Final 
Terms or (y) the Put Strike Level if "Leveraged 
Put" is specified in the Final Terms,  
each Note will be redeemed on the Maturity Date at the 
Final Redemption Amount determined in accordance with 
the following formula: 
Final Redemption Amount = Specified Denomination x 
100% 
• 
If on every Securitisation Observation Date, the Underlying 
Value is lower than the Securitisation Level and: 
o if "Barrier Put" is specified in the Final Terms and 
the Underlying Value on the Final Observation 
Date is lower than the Knock-in Level, each Note 
will be redeemed on the Maturity Date at the Final 
Redemption Amount determined in accordance 
with the following formula: 
Final 
Redemption 
Amount 
= 
Specified 
Denomination x Max (Floor; Final Underlying 
Value / Initial Underlying Value) 
or 
o if "Leveraged Put" is specified in the Final Terms 
and the Underlying Value on the Final Observation 
Date is lower than the Put Strike Level, each Note 
will be redeemed on the Maturity Date at the Final 
Redemption Amount determined in accordance 
with the following formula: 
Final 
Redemption 
Amount 
= 
Specified 
Denomination x Final Underlying Value / Put 
Strike Level 
(d) 
When "Guaranteed Coupon" is specified as being applicable in the Final Terms, an 
interest amount (the Guaranteed Coupon Amount) will be determined in respect of 
each Note and each relevant Coupon Observation Date in accordance with the 
following formula: 
Guaranteed Coupon Amount = Specified Denomination x Guaranteed Coupon Rate 
If "Coupons in fine" is specified as being not applicable in the Final Terms, each 
Guaranteed Coupon Amount determined in respect of a Coupon Observation Date will 
be payable in respect of each Note on the Guaranteed Coupon Payment Date relating 
to such Coupon Observation Date.  
If "Coupons in fine" is specified as being applicable in the Final Terms, the sum of all 
Guaranteed Coupon Amounts determined in respect of each respective Coupon

--- Page 334 ---
334 
Observation Date will be payable in respect of each Note on the Maturity Date (or, as 
applicable, the Relevant Automatic Early Redemption Date).   
No interest amount will be determined or payable in respect of any Coupon 
Observation Date falling after the Relevant Automatic Early Redemption Date (if 
applicable). 
Where: 
Airbag Rate means the percentage specified as such in the Final Terms 
Airbag Barrier Level means the percentage of the Initial Underlying Value specified as such 
in the Final Terms. 
Autocall Trigger Level means, for any Autocall Observation Date and for the Final 
Observation Date, the percentage of the Initial Underlying Value specified as such in the Final 
Terms. 
Cap means the value indicated in the Final Terms. 
Conditional Coupon Amount (t), means, in respect of a Coupon Observation Datet, an interest 
amount determined in respect of each Note in accordance with the following formula: 
Conditional Coupon Amount (t) =  
(∑𝑆𝑝𝑒𝑐𝑖𝑓𝑖𝑒𝑑 𝐷𝑒𝑛𝑜𝑚𝑖𝑛𝑎𝑡𝑖𝑜𝑛 × 𝑅𝑒𝑙𝑒𝑣𝑎𝑛𝑡 𝐶𝑜𝑢𝑝𝑜𝑛 𝑅𝑎𝑡𝑒(𝑖)
𝑡
𝑖=1
)
−∑𝐶𝑜𝑛𝑑𝑖𝑡𝑖𝑜𝑛𝑎𝑙 𝐶𝑜𝑢𝑝𝑜𝑛 𝐴𝑚𝑜𝑢𝑛𝑡 (𝑖)
𝑡−1
𝑖=1
 
Floor means the percentage specified as such in the Final Terms. 
Gearing means the percentage specified as such in the Final Terms. 
Knock-In Level means the percentage of the Initial Underlying Value specified as such in the 
Final Terms. 
Max Drawdown Observation Dates means each date specified as such or otherwise 
determined in accordance with the Final Terms. 
N is: 
(1) 
for any Autocall Observation Date, unless (i) the Autocall Observation Date falls within 
a number of Business Days equal to the Redemption Lag or less before any Automatic 
Early Redemption Date or (ii) the Autocall Observation Date falls after the last 
Automatic Early Redemption Date, the number of Automatic Early Redemption Dates 
from (but excluding) the Issue Date to (and including) the following Automatic Early 
Redemption Date; 
(2) 
for any Autocall Observation Date falling within a number of Business Days equal to 
the Redemption Lag or less before any Automatic Early Redemption Date, the number 
of Automatic Early Redemption Dates from (but excluding) the Issue Date to (and 
including) the following Automatic Early Redemption Date, plus one; 
(3) 
for any Autocall Observation Date which falls after the last Automatic Early 
Redemption Date, the number of Automatic Early Redemption Dates from (but 
excluding) the Issue Date to (and excluding) the Maturity Date, plus one; or 
(4) 
for the Final Observation Date, the number of Automatic Early Redemption Dates from 
(but excluding) the Issue Date to (and excluding) the Maturity Date, plus one.

--- Page 335 ---
335 
T is the number of calendar days between the Initial Observation Date (excluded) and the first 
Observation Date on which the Settlement price is greater than or equal to Autocall Trigger 
Level (included). 
Performance is equal to (1) for any Autocall Observation Date, Gearing x [(Underlying 
Value/Initial Underlying Value) – 1] and (2) for the Final Observation Date, Gearing x [(Final 
Underlying Value/Initial Underlying Value) – 1] 
Put Strike Level means the percentage of the Initial Underlying Value specified as such in the 
Final Terms. 
Redemption Lag means the number specified as such in the Final Terms. 
Relevant Automatic Early Redemption Date means: 
(1) 
if “Fast-Trigger” is specified as being not applicable in the Final Terms, the day which 
falls a number of Business Days equal to the Redemption Lag after the first Autocall 
Observation Date on which the Underlying Value is greater than or equal to the Autocall 
Trigger Level; or 
(2) 
if “Fast-Trigger” is specified as being applicable in the Final Terms and, on any 
Autocall Observation Date, the Underlying Value is greater than or equal to the Autocall 
Trigger Level: 
- 
the following Automatic Early Redemption Date unless (i) the Autocall 
Observation Date falls within a number of Business Days equal to the 
Redemption Lag or less before the Automatic Early Redemption Date or (ii) 
the Autocall Observation Date falls after the last Automatic Early Redemption 
Date; 
- 
the second Automatic Early Redemption Date, if the Autocall Observation Date 
falls within a number of Business Days equal to the Redemption Lag or less 
before the Automatic Early Redemption Date; or 
- 
the Maturity Date, if the Autocall Observation Date falls after the last 
Automatic Early Redemption Date.  
Relevant Coupon Rate(t) means, in respect of any Coupon Observation Datet or the Final 
Coupon Observation Date, the Relevant Coupon Rate specified for such Coupon Observation 
Datet or Final Coupon Observation Date. 
Securitisation Level means the percentage of the Initial Underlying Value specified as such in 
the Final Terms. 
 
27. 
TRANSITION 
This chapter sets out additional terms and conditions for Notes in respect of which the 
applicable Final Terms specify Transition to be applicable. 
Where TRANSITION is specified in the Final Terms: 
(a) 
Each Note will be redeemed on the Maturity Date at the Final Redemption Amount 
determined in accordance with the following formula: 
- 
If K (Final) = 0, then  
Final Redemption Amount = Specified Denomination x [InitialAllocation + (100% 
− InitialAllocation) × S(Final)/S(Initial)]

--- Page 336 ---
336 
- 
Otherwise: 
Final Redemption Amount = Specified Denomination x [InitialAllocation + (100% 
− InitialAllocation) × S(Final)/S(Initial) + 
 ∑
ReAllocation Amount(i)
𝑲(𝑭𝒊𝒏𝒂𝒍)
𝒊=𝟏
∗(
𝑺(𝑭𝒊𝒏𝒂𝒍)
𝑻𝒓𝒊𝒈𝒈𝒆𝒓 𝑩𝒂𝒓𝒓𝒊𝒆𝒓(𝒊) x 𝑺(𝑰𝒏𝒊𝒕𝒊𝒂𝒍) −𝟏) ] 
 
(b) 
An interest amount (the Coupon Amount (j)) will be determined in respect of each 
Note and each Interest Amount Period(j) in accordance with the following formula: 
 
(i) 
For j = 1 
 
- 
If K(1) = 0, then: 
Coupon Amount(1) = Specified Denomination x CouponRate x 
InitialAllocation 
 
- 
Otherwise: 
Coupon Amount(1) = Specified Denomination x CouponRate x 
[InitialAllocation 
− 
∑
ReAllocation Amount(i)
𝐾(1)
𝑖=1
 
+ 
∑
ReAllocation Amount(i)
𝐾(1)
𝑖=1
× 𝐴𝑐𝑡𝐷𝑎𝑦𝑠(𝑖, 1)/𝑇𝑜𝑡𝐷𝑎𝑦𝑠(1) ] 
 
(ii) 
For j > 1 
 
- 
If K(j) = K(j-1) then: 
Coupon Amount(j) = Coupon Amount(j-1) 
 
- 
Otherwise: 
Coupon Amount(j) = Specified Denomination x CouponRate x 
[InitialAllocation 
- 
∑
ReAllocation Amount(i)
𝐾(𝑗)
𝑖=1
 
+ 
∑
ReAllocation Amount(i)
𝐾(𝑗)
𝑖=𝐾(𝑗−1)+1
x 𝐴𝑐𝑡𝐷𝑎𝑦𝑠(𝑖, 𝑗)/𝑇𝑜𝑡𝐷𝑎𝑦𝑠(𝑗) ] 
 
Where 
ActDays(i,j) means the actual number of: 
- 
Schedule Trading Days or Fund Business Days, as applicable, if "trading days" 
is specified in the Final Terms; or 
- 
calendar days if "calendar days" is specified in the Final Terms, 
from the Coupon Amount Start Date(j) (excluded) to the occurrence of the ReAllocation 
Event Date(i) (included); 
Coupon Rate means the value specified as such in the Final Terms; 
InitialAllocation means the value specified as such in the Final Terms; 
Coupon Amount End Date(j) means, for any item "j", the date specified as such in the 
Final Terms;

--- Page 337 ---
337 
Coupon Amount Start Date(j) means, for any item "j", the date specified as such in 
the Final Terms; 
 
Coupon Payment Date(j) means for any item "j", the date specified as such in the Final 
Terms; 
 
i has the meaning given to such term in the Final Terms; 
 
j has the meaning given to such term in the Final Terms; 
 
K(Final) means the number of ReAllocation events which have occurred between the 
Initial Observation Date (excluded) and the Final Observation Date (included); 
K(j) means the number of ReAllocation Events which have occurred between the Initial 
Observation Date (excluded) and the Coupon Amount End Date(j) (included);  
 
K(0) is equal to zero. 
 
ReAllocation Amount(i) means, for any item "i", the percentage of the Specified 
Denomination specified as such in the Final Terms; 
ReAllocation Event means that, on any Observation Date, the Settlement Price is lower 
than or equal to Trigger Barrier(i) for the first time. For the avoidance of doubt, several 
ReAllocation Events may occur on the same Observation Date;  
ReAllocation Event Date(i) means the date on which the Settlement Price is lower than 
or equal to Trigger Barrier(i) for the first time; 
S(Final) means the Settlement Price of the Underlying on the Final Observation Date; 
S(Initial) means means the Settlement Price of the Underlying on the Initial 
Observation Date;  
TotDays(j) means the total number of trading / calendar days from the Coupon Amount 
Start Date(j) (excluded) to the Coupon Payment Date(j) (included); and 
Trigger Barrier(i) means, for any item "i", the percentage of the Initial Underlying 
Value specified as such in the Final Terms. 
 
28. 
TWIN WIN 
This chapter sets out additional terms and conditions for Notes in respect of which the 
applicable Final Terms specify TWIN WIN to be applicable. 
Where TWIN WIN is specified in the Final Terms,  
Each Note will be redeemed on the Maturity Date at the Final Redemption Amount determined 
in accordance with the following formula: 
(a) 
If on every Observation Date, the Underlying Value was lower than or equal to the 
Upper Barrier Level and higher than or equal to the Lower Barrier Level: 
Final Redemption Amount = Specified Denomination x 100%+ Max (Floor; Absolute 
Performance) 
Where:

--- Page 338 ---
338 
Absolute Performance = Max [(Perf - 1); (1-Perf)]. 
Perf means the quotient of the Final Underlying Value by the Initial Underlying Value. 
(b) 
If on any Observation Date, the Underlying Value was higher than the Upper Barrier 
Level or lower than the Lower Barrier Level: 
Final Redemption Amount = Specified Denomination x (100% + Rebate) 
Where: 
Upper Barrier Level means the percentage of the Initial Underlying Value specified as such 
in the Final Terms. 
Lower Barrier Level means the percentage of the Initial Underlying Value specified as such 
in the Final Terms. 
Rebate means the value specified as such in the Final Terms. 
Floor means the value specified as such in the Final Terms. 
 
29. 
VOL BOND 
This chapter sets out additional terms and conditions for Notes in respect of which the 
applicable Final Terms specify Vol Bond to be applicable. 
Where VOL BOND is specified in the Final Terms, each Note will be redeemed on the Maturity 
Date at the Final Redemption Amount determined in accordance with the following formula:  
Final Redemption Amount = Specified Denomination x 100%. 
(a) 
If "Cap" is specified as being applicable in the Final Terms, an interest amount (the 
Coupon Amount) will be payable in respect of each Note and each Coupon 
Observation Datet on the related Coupon Payment Datet, for the Coupon Periodt starting 
on and including the immediately preceding Coupon Observation Datet-1 (or, in respect 
of the first Coupon Observation Date, on the Issue Date) and ending on, but excluding, 
such Coupon Observation Datet, in accordance with the following formula: 
Coupon Amount = Specified Denomination x Day Count Fraction x Min [Cap Level; 
Leverage x Absolute Performance] 
(b) 
If "Cap" is specified as being not applicable in the Final Terms, an interest amount (the 
Coupon Amount) will be payable in respect of each Note and each Coupon 
Observation Datet on the related Coupon Payment Datet, for the Coupon Periodt starting 
on and including the immediately preceding Coupon Observation Datet-1 (or, in respect 
of the first Coupon Observation Date, the Issue Date) and ending on, but excluding, 
such Coupon Observation Datet, in accordance with the following formula: 
Coupon Amount = Specified Denomination x Day Count Fraction x Leverage x 
Absolute Performance 
Where 
Absolute Performance means, with respect to each Coupon Observation Datet, excluding the 
initial Coupon Observation Date: 
Max [(Underlying Valuet - Underlying Valuet-1); (Underlying Valuet-1 - Underlying Valuet)]. 
Underlying Value0 means the value set out in the Final Terms or the Underlying Value on the 
initial Coupon Observation Date as provided for in the Final Terms.

--- Page 339 ---
339 
Underlying Valuet means the Underlying Value on a Coupon Observation Datet. 
Cap Level means the value specified as such in the Final Terms. 
Leverage means the value specified as such in the Final Terms.

--- Page 340 ---
340 
PART B - PAYOFF FORMULAS COMMON TO NOTES REFERENCED TO A BASKET OF 
UNDERLYINGS 
 
30. 
ALTAIR 
This chapter sets out additional terms and conditions for Notes in respect of which the 
applicable Final Terms specify Altair to be applicable. 
Where ALTAIR is specified in the Final Terms: 
(a) 
When "Autocall" is specified in the Final Terms, if on any Autocall Observation Date, 
the Performance of UnderlyingA is greater than or equal to the Performance of 
UnderlyingB, each Note will be automatically redeemed on the immediately following 
Automatic Early Redemption Date (this specific Automatic Early Redemption Date 
being therefore the Relevant Automatic Early Redemption Date) at the Autocall 
Redemption Amount determined in accordance with the following formula: 
Autocall Redemption Amount = Specified Denomination x 100% 
(b) 
If the Notes have not been redeemed early as provided for in paragraph (a) above or if 
"Non-Callable" is specified in the Final Terms: 
(i) 
If on the Final Observation Date, the Underlying Value of UnderlyingA is 
greater than or equal to (1) the Knock-in Level if "Barrier Put" is specified in 
the Final Terms or (2) the Put Strike Level if "Leveraged Put" is specified in 
the Final Terms, each Note will be redeemed on the Maturity Date at the Final 
Redemption Amount determined in accordance with the following formula: 
Final Redemption Amount = Specified Denomination x 100%  
(ii) 
If on the Final Observation Date, the Underlying Value of UnderlyingA is 
strictly lower than the Knock-In Level and "Barrier Put" is specified in the Final 
Terms, each Note will be redeemed on the Maturity Date at the Final 
Redemption Amount determined in accordance with the following formula: 
Final Redemption Amount = Specified Denomination x Final Underlying Value 
of UnderlyingA / Initial Underlying Value of UnderlyingA 
(iii) 
If on the Final Observation Date, the Underlying Value of UnderlyingA is 
strictly lower than the Put Strike Level and "Leveraged Put" is specified in the 
Final Terms, each Note will be redeemed on the Maturity Date at the Final 
Redemption Amount determined in accordance with the following formula: 
Final Redemption Amount = Specified Denomination x Final Underlying 
ValueA / Put Strike Level 
(c) 
When "Conditional Coupon Without Memory Effect" is specified in the Final Terms, 
an interest amount (the Conditional Coupon Amount A) will be determined in respect 
of each Note and each Coupon Observation Date in accordance with the following 
formula: 
Conditional Coupon Amount A = Specified Denomination x Coupon Rate 
provided that on such Coupon Observation Date, the Performance of UnderlyingA is 
greater than or equal to the Performance of UnderlyingB. 
If "Coupons in fine" is specified as being not applicable in the Final Terms, each 
Conditional Coupon Amount A determined in respect of a Coupon Observation Date

--- Page 341 ---
341 
(if any) will be payable in respect of each Note on the Coupon Payment Date relating 
to such Coupon Observation Date.  
If "Coupons in fine" is specified as being applicable in the Final Terms, the sum of all 
Conditional Coupon Amounts A determined in respect of each respective Coupon 
Observation Date (if any) will be payable in respect of each Note on the Maturity Date 
(or, as applicable, the Relevant Automatic Early Redemption Date).   
No interest amount will be determined or payable in respect of any Coupon 
Observation Date falling after the Relevant Automatic Early Redemption Date (if 
applicable). 
(d) 
When "Conditional Coupon With Memory Effect" is specified in the Final Terms, an 
interest amount (the Conditional Coupon Amount B) will be determined in respect of 
each Note in accordance with the following formula: 
Conditional Coupon Amount B = Specified Denomination x Coupon Rate x N 
provided that on such Coupon Observation Date, the Performance of UnderlyingA is 
greater than or equal to the Performance of UnderlyingB. 
If "Coupons in fine" is specified as being not applicable in the Final Terms, each 
Conditional Coupon Amount B determined in respect of a Coupon Observation Date 
(if any) will be payable in respect of each Note on the Coupon Payment Date relating 
to such Coupon Observation Date.  
If "Coupons in fine" is specified as being applicable in the Final Terms, the sum of all 
Conditional Coupon Amounts B determined in respect of each respective Coupon 
Observation Date (if any) will be payable in respect of each Note on the Maturity Date 
(or, as applicable, the Relevant Automatic Early Redemption Date).   
No interest amount will be determined or payable in respect of any Coupon 
Observation Date falling after the Relevant Automatic Early Redemption Date (if 
applicable). 
Where: 
Knock-In Level means the percentage of the Initial Underlying ValueA specified as such in the 
Final Terms. 
Performance of UnderlyingA means, in respect of a relevant Observation Date, the amount 
calculated in accordance with the following formula: (Relevant Underlying ValueA / Initial 
Underlying ValueA) – 1. 
Performance of UnderlyingB means, in respect of a relevant Obserevation Date, the amount 
calculated in accordance with the following formula: (Relevant Underlying ValueB / Initial 
Underlying ValueB) – 1. 
Put Strike Level means the percentage of the Initial Underlying ValueA specified as such in the 
Final Terms. 
N means, in respect of a Coupon Observation Date, the number of Coupon Observation Dates 
from (but excluding) the latest preceding Coupon Observation Date in respect of which a 
Conditional Coupon Amount B higher than zero was determined to (and including) such Coupon 
Observation Date. For the avoidance of doubt, in the case where no Conditional Coupon B 
higher than zero has ever been determined before such Coupon Observation Date, N means, in 
respect of a Coupon Observation Date, the number of Coupon Observation Dates from (but 
excluding) the Issue Date to and including such Coupon Observation Date. 
Relevant Underlying ValueA means the Underlying Value of UnderlyingA on the Relevant 
Observation Date.

--- Page 342 ---
342 
Relevant Underlying ValueB means the Underlying Value of UnderlyingB on the Relevant 
Observation Date. 
 
31. 
BASKET ARAMIS 
This chapter sets out additional terms and conditions for Notes in respect of which the 
applicable Final Terms specify Basket Aramis to be applicable. 
Where BASKET ARAMIS is specified in the Final Terms: 
(a) 
When "Autocall" is specified in the Final Terms, if, on any Autocall Observation Date, 
the Autocall Condition is satisfied, each Note will be automatically redeemed on the 
immediately following Automatic Early Redemption Date at the Autocall Redemption 
Amount determined in accordance with the following formula: 
Autocall Redemption Amount = Specified Denomination x (100% + Relevant 
Rebate(t)) 
(b) 
If each Note has not been redeemed early as provided for in paragraph (a) above or if 
"Non-Callable" is specified in the Final Terms, the Notes will be redeemed on the 
Maturity Date at the Final Redemption Amount determined in accordance with the 
following formula: 
Final Redemption Amount = Specified Denomination x 100%. 
(c) 
If each Note has not been redeemed early as provided for in paragraph (a) above or if 
"Non-Callable" is specified in the Final Terms, when "No Memory" is specified in the 
Final Terms, an interest amount (the Conditional Coupon Amount A) will be 
determined in respect of each Note and each Coupon Observation Date in accordance 
with the following formula: 
Conditional Coupon Amount A = Specified Denomination x Coupon Rate, 
provided that on such Coupon Observation Date, the Conditional Coupon Condition is 
satisfied. 
If "Coupons in fine" is specified as being not applicable in the Final Terms, each 
Conditional Coupon Amount A determined in respect of a Coupon Observation Date 
will be payable in respect of each Note on the Coupon Payment Date relating to such 
Coupon Observation Date.  
If "Coupons in fine" is specified as being applicable in the Final Terms, the sum of all 
Conditional Coupon Amounts A determined in respect of each respective Coupon 
Observation Date will be payable in respect of each Note on the Maturity Date.   
(d) 
If each Note has not been redeemed early as provided for in paragraph (a) above or if 
"Non-Callable" is specified in the Final Terms, when "Memory Effect" is specified in 
the Final Terms, the sum of the interest amounts specified in paragraphs (i) and (ii) 
below will be determined in respect of each Note and each Coupon Observation Date: 
(i) 
an interest amount (the Conditional Coupon Amount B) will be determined 
in respect of each Note and each Coupon Observation Date in accordance with 
the following formula: 
Conditional Coupon Amount B = Specified Denomination x Coupon Rate, 
provided that on such Coupon Observation Date, the Conditional Coupon 
Condition is satisfied; and

--- Page 343 ---
343 
(ii) 
an interest amount (the Conditional Coupon Amount C) will be payable in 
respect of each Note and each Coupon Payment Date in accordance with the 
following formula: 
Conditional Coupon Amount C = Specified Denomination x Coupon Rate x N, 
provided that on such Coupon Observation Date, the Conditional Coupon 
Condition is satisfied. 
If "Coupons in fine" is specified as being not applicable in the Final Terms, the sum of 
each Conditional Coupon Amount B and Conditional Coupon Amount C determined 
in respect of a Coupon Observation Date will be payable in respect of each Note on the 
Coupon Payment Date relating to such Coupon Observation Date.  
If "Coupons in fine" is specified as being applicable in the Final Terms, the sum of all 
Conditional Coupon Amounts B and Conditional Coupon Amounts C determined in 
respect of each respective Coupon Observation Date will be payable in respect of each 
Note on the Maturity Date. 
(e) 
If each Note has not been redeemed early as provided for in paragraph (a) above or if 
"Non-Callable" is specified in the Final Terms, if "Bonus Effect" is specified in the 
Final Terms and the Conditional Coupon Condition has been, on every Coupon 
Observation Date, not satisfied, an interest amount (the Bonus Amount) will be 
payable in respect of each Note on the Maturity Date in accordance with the following 
formula: 
Bonus Amount = Specified Denomination x Bonus Rate 
(f) 
If each Note has not been redeemed early as provided for in paragraph (a) above or if 
"Non-Callable" is specified in the Final Terms, when "Lock-in Effect" is specified in 
the Final Terms, an interest amount (the Conditional Coupon Amount D) will be 
determined in respect of each Note and each Coupon Observation Date in accordance 
with the following formula: 
Conditional Coupon Amount D = Specified Denomination x Coupon Rate 
provided that (i) on such Coupon Observation Date the Conditional Coupon Condition 
is satisfied or (ii) on any preceding Coupon Observation Date, the Securitisation 
Condition has been satisfied. 
If "Coupons in fine" is specified as being not applicable in the Final Terms, each 
Conditional Coupon Amount D determined in respect of a Coupon Observation Date 
will be payable in respect of each Note on the Coupon Payment Date relating to such 
Coupon Observation Date.  
If "Coupons in fine" is specified as being applicable in the Final Terms, the sum of all 
Conditional Coupon Amounts D determined in respect of each respective Coupon 
Observation Date will be payable in respect of each Note on the Maturity Date.   
With: 
1) 
the satisfaction of the Conditional Coupon Condition being determined as follows  
(x) 
If "Worst of" is specified in the Final Terms, the Conditional Coupon Condition 
is satisfied if: 
𝑀𝑖𝑛
1≤𝑖≤𝑋(
𝑈𝑛𝑑𝑒𝑟𝑙𝑦𝑖𝑛𝑔 𝑉𝑎𝑙𝑢𝑒𝑖
𝐼𝑛𝑖𝑡𝑖𝑎𝑙 𝑈𝑛𝑑𝑒𝑟𝑙𝑦𝑖𝑛𝑔 𝑉𝑎𝑙𝑢𝑒𝑖) ≥𝐶𝑜𝑢𝑝𝑜𝑛 𝑇𝑟𝑖𝑔𝑔𝑒𝑟 𝐿𝑒𝑣𝑒𝑙 
If not, the Conditional Coupon Condition is not satisfied

--- Page 344 ---
344 
(y) 
If "Best of" is specified in the Final Terms, the Conditional Coupon Condition 
is satisfied if: 
𝑀𝑎𝑥
1≤𝑖≤𝑋(
𝑈𝑛𝑑𝑒𝑟𝑙𝑦𝑖𝑛𝑔 𝑉𝑎𝑙𝑢𝑒𝑖
𝐼𝑛𝑖𝑡𝑖𝑎𝑙 𝑈𝑛𝑑𝑒𝑟𝑙𝑦𝑖𝑛𝑔 𝑉𝑎𝑙𝑢𝑒𝑖) ≥𝐶𝑜𝑢𝑝𝑜𝑛 𝑇𝑟𝑖𝑔𝑔𝑒𝑟 𝐿𝑒𝑣𝑒𝑙 
If not, the Conditional Coupon Condition is not satisfied  
(z) 
If "Equal Weight" is specified in the Final Terms, the Conditional Coupon 
Condition is satisfied if: 
∑1
𝑋
𝑋
𝑖=1
 (
𝑈𝑛𝑑𝑒𝑟𝑙𝑦𝑖𝑛𝑔 𝑉𝑎𝑙𝑢𝑒𝑖
𝐼𝑛𝑖𝑡𝑖𝑎𝑙 𝑈𝑛𝑑𝑒𝑟𝑙𝑦𝑖𝑛𝑔 𝑉𝑎𝑙𝑢𝑒𝑖) ≥𝐶𝑜𝑢𝑝𝑜𝑛 𝑇𝑟𝑖𝑔𝑔𝑒𝑟 𝐿𝑒𝑣𝑒𝑙 
If not, the Conditional Coupon Condition is not satisfied  
2) 
the satisfaction of the Autocall Condition being determined as follows  
(x) 
If "Worst of" is specified in the Final Terms, the Autocall Condition is satisfied 
if: 
𝑀𝑖𝑛
1≤𝑖≤𝑋(
𝑈𝑛𝑑𝑒𝑟𝑙𝑦𝑖𝑛𝑔 𝑉𝑎𝑙𝑢𝑒𝑖
𝐼𝑛𝑖𝑡𝑖𝑎𝑙 𝑈𝑛𝑑𝑒𝑟𝑙𝑦𝑖𝑛𝑔 𝑉𝑎𝑙𝑢𝑒𝑖) ≥𝐴𝑢𝑡𝑜𝑐𝑎𝑙𝑙 𝑇𝑟𝑖𝑔𝑔𝑒𝑟 𝐿𝑒𝑣𝑒𝑙 
If not, the Autocall Condition is not satisfied.  
(y) 
If "Best of" is specified in the Final Terms, the Autocall Condition is satisfied 
if: 
𝑀𝑎𝑥
1≤𝑖≤𝑋(
𝑈𝑛𝑑𝑒𝑟𝑙𝑦𝑖𝑛𝑔 𝑉𝑎𝑙𝑢𝑒𝑖
𝐼𝑛𝑖𝑡𝑖𝑎𝑙 𝑈𝑛𝑑𝑒𝑟𝑙𝑦𝑖𝑛𝑔 𝑉𝑎𝑙𝑢𝑒𝑖) ≥𝐴𝑢𝑡𝑜𝑐𝑎𝑙𝑙 𝑇𝑟𝑖𝑔𝑔𝑒𝑟 𝐿𝑒𝑣𝑒𝑙 
If not, the Autocall Condition is not satisfied.  
(z) 
If "Equal Weight" is specified in the Final Terms, the Autocall Condition is 
satisfied if: 
∑1
𝑋
𝑋
𝑖=1
 (
𝑈𝑛𝑑𝑒𝑟𝑙𝑦𝑖𝑛𝑔 𝑉𝑎𝑙𝑢𝑒𝑖
𝐼𝑛𝑖𝑡𝑖𝑎𝑙 𝑈𝑛𝑑𝑒𝑟𝑙𝑦𝑖𝑛𝑔 𝑉𝑎𝑙𝑢𝑒𝑖) ≥𝐴𝑢𝑡𝑜𝑐𝑎𝑙𝑙 𝑇𝑟𝑖𝑔𝑔𝑒𝑟 𝐿𝑒𝑣𝑒𝑙 
If not, the Autocall Condition is not satisfied.  
Where: 
X is the number of Underlyings constituting all together a Basket or a Multi-Asset Basket, as 
applicable, as defined in the relevant Asset Conditions. 
Autocall Trigger Level means the percentage specified as such in the Final Terms. 
Bonus Rate means the percentage specified as such in the Final Terms. 
Coupon Trigger Level means the percentage specified as such in the Final Terms. 
N means, in respect of a Coupon Observation Date, the number of Coupon Observation Dates, 
from (but excluding) the latest preceding Coupon Observation Date in respect of which a 
Conditional Coupon Amount B higher than zero was determined, to (but excluding) such 
Coupon Observation Date. For the avoidance of doubt, in the case where no Conditional Coupon 
B higher than zero has ever been determined before such Coupon Observation Date, N means,

--- Page 345 ---
345 
in respect of a Coupon Observation Date, the number of Coupon Payment Dates from (but 
excluding) the Issue Date to but excluding such Coupon Observation Date. 
Relevant Rebate(t) means, in respect of any Autocall Observation Datet, the Relevant Rebate 
specified in the Final Terms for such Autocall Observation Datet. 
Securitisation Date is the first Coupon Observation Date, if any, on which the Securitisation 
Condition is satisfied, with the satisfaction of the Securitisation Condition being determined 
as follows: 
a) if " Worst of " is specified in the Final Terms, Securitisation Condition is satisfied if: 
𝑀𝑖𝑛
1≤𝑖≤𝑋(
𝑈𝑛𝑑𝑒𝑟𝑙𝑦𝑖𝑛𝑔 𝑉𝑎𝑙𝑢𝑒𝑖
𝐼𝑛𝑖𝑡𝑖𝑎𝑙 𝑈𝑛𝑑𝑒𝑟𝑙𝑦𝑖𝑛𝑔 𝑉𝑎𝑙𝑢𝑒𝑖) ≥𝑆𝑒𝑐𝑢𝑟𝑖𝑡𝑖𝑠𝑎𝑡𝑖𝑜𝑛 𝐿𝑒𝑣𝑒𝑙 
If not, the Securitisation Condition is not satisfied.  
b) If "Best of " is specified in the Final Terms, the Securitisation Condition is satisfied if: 
𝑀𝑎𝑥
1≤𝑖≤𝑋(
𝑈𝑛𝑑𝑒𝑟𝑙𝑦𝑖𝑛𝑔 𝑉𝑎𝑙𝑢𝑒𝑖
𝐼𝑛𝑖𝑡𝑖𝑎𝑙 𝑈𝑛𝑑𝑒𝑟𝑙𝑦𝑖𝑛𝑔 𝑉𝑎𝑙𝑢𝑒𝑖) ≥𝑆𝑒𝑐𝑢𝑟𝑖𝑡𝑖𝑠𝑎𝑡𝑖𝑜𝑛 𝐿𝑒𝑣𝑒𝑙 
If not, the Securitisation Condition is not satisfied.  
c) if " Equal Weight " is specified in the Final Terms, Securitisation Condition is satisfied if: 
∑1
𝑋
𝑋
𝑖=1
 (
𝑈𝑛𝑑𝑒𝑟𝑙𝑦𝑖𝑛𝑔 𝑉𝑎𝑙𝑢𝑒𝑖
𝐼𝑛𝑖𝑡𝑖𝑎𝑙 𝑈𝑛𝑑𝑒𝑟𝑙𝑦𝑖𝑛𝑔 𝑉𝑎𝑙𝑢𝑒𝑖) ≥𝑆𝑒𝑐𝑢𝑟𝑖𝑡𝑖𝑠𝑎𝑡𝑖𝑜𝑛 𝐿𝑒𝑣𝑒𝑙 
If not, the Securitisation Condition is not satisfied.  
Securitisation Level means the percentage specified as such in the Final Terms. 
 
32. 
BASKET ARTEMIS 
This chapter sets out additional terms and conditions for Notes in respect of which the 
applicable Final Terms specify Basket Artemis to be applicable. 
Where BASKET ARTEMIS is specified in the Final Terms: 
(a) 
If “Put Spread” is specified as being not applicable in the Final Terms, each Note will 
be redeemed on the Maturity Date at the Final Redemption Amount determined in 
accordance with the following formula: 
Final Redemption Amount = Specified Denomination x 100%. 
(b) 
If “Put Spread” is specified as being applicable in the Final Terms,  
Each Note will be redeemed on the Maturity Date at the Final Redemption Amount 
determined in accordance with the following formula: 
Final Redemption Amount = Specified Denomination x 100% 
+ 
the highest value between: 
(i) 
Floor 
and

--- Page 346 ---
346 
(ii) 
Min[Basket Value × (1 −Adjustment Factor)T −1; 0] 
(c) 
An interest amount (the Conditional Coupon Amount) will be determined in respect 
of each Note and each Coupon Observation Date in accordance with the following 
formula: 
Conditional Coupon Amount = Specified Denomination x Coupon A 
If "Coupons in fine" is specified as being not applicable in the Final Terms, each 
Conditional Coupon Amount determined in respect of a Coupon Observation Date will 
be payable in respect of each Note on the Coupon Payment Date relating to such 
Coupon Observation Date.  
If "Coupons in fine" is specified as being applicable in the Final Terms, the sum of all 
Conditional Coupon Amounts determined in respect of each respective Coupon 
Observation Date will be payable in respect of each Note on the Maturity Date.   
 
Where 
Adjustment factor means the value specified as such in the Final Terms. 
𝐁𝐚𝐬𝐤𝐞𝐭 𝐕𝐚𝐥𝐮𝐞= ∑1
𝑋
𝑋
𝑖=1
 ( 𝐹𝑖𝑛𝑎𝑙 𝑈𝑛𝑑𝑒𝑟𝑙𝑦𝑖𝑛𝑔 𝑉𝑎𝑙𝑢𝑒𝑖
𝐼𝑛𝑖𝑡𝑖𝑎𝑙 𝑈𝑛𝑑𝑒𝑟𝑙𝑦𝑖𝑛𝑔 𝑉𝑎𝑙𝑢𝑒𝑖) 
 
𝐁𝐚𝐬𝐤𝐞𝐭 𝐕𝐚𝐥𝐮𝐞𝒕= ∑1
𝑋
𝑋
𝑖=1
 (
𝑈𝑛𝑑𝑒𝑟𝑙𝑦𝑖𝑛𝑔 𝑉𝑎𝑙𝑢𝑒𝑡
𝑖
𝐼𝑛𝑖𝑡𝑖𝑎𝑙 𝑈𝑛𝑑𝑒𝑟𝑙𝑦𝑖𝑛𝑔 𝑉𝑎𝑙𝑢𝑒𝑖) 
 
𝐂𝐨𝐮𝐩𝐨𝐧 𝐀= 𝑀𝑎𝑥(0; 𝑃𝑒𝑟𝑓𝑜𝑟𝑚𝑎𝑛𝑐𝑒𝑡
t
) 
Floor means the value specified as such in the Final Terms. 
𝐏𝐞𝐫𝐟𝐨𝐫𝐦𝐚𝐧𝐜𝐞𝐭= Basket Valuet × (1 −Adjustment Factor)t −1 
T is the number of Observation Dates from (but excluding) the Initial Observation Date to (but 
excluding) the Maturity Date. 
t is, for any Observation Date, the number of Observation Dates from (but excluding) the Initial 
Observation Date to (and including) such Observation Date. 
𝐔𝐧𝐝𝐞𝐫𝐥𝐲𝐢𝐧𝐠 𝐕𝐚𝐥𝐮𝐞𝐭𝐢 means, in respect of an Observation Datet, Underlying Valuei on such 
Observation Datet. 
X means the number of Underlyings constituting all together a Basket or a Multi-Asset Basket, 
as applicable, as defined in the relevant Asset Conditions. 
 
33. 
BASKET ATHOS 
 
This chapter sets out additional terms and conditions for Notes in respect of which the 
applicable Final Terms specify Basket Athos to be applicable.

--- Page 347 ---
347 
Where BASKET ATHOS is specified in the Final Terms, each Note will be redeemed on the 
Maturity Date at the Final Redemption Amount determined in accordance with the following 
formula: 
(i) 
When "Cap" is specified as being applicable in the Final Terms: 
Final Redemption Amount = Specified Denomination x (1 + Min [Performance; Cap 
Level]) 
(ii) 
When "Cap" is specified as being not applicable in the Final Terms, 
Final Redemption Amount = Specified Denomination x (1 + Performance) 
Where: 
(A) 
If "European Observation" is specified in the Final Terms, Performance means the 
highest value between: 
(1) 
Floor 
and 
(2) 
Leverage × [Basket Value × (1 − Adjustment Factor)T − 1] 
(B) 
If "Average Observation" is specified in the Final Terms, Performance means the 
highest value between: 
(1) 
Floor 
and 
(2) 
Leverage × Average 
Where Average means the arithmetic average of the values on each Observation Datet, 
excluding the Initial Observation Date, of Performancet.  
(C) 
If "Floored Average Observation" is specified in the Final Terms, Performance means 
the highest value between: 
(1) 
Floor 
and 
(2) 
Floored Average 
Where Floored Average means the arithmetic average of the values on each 
Observation Datet, excluding the Initial Observation Date, of the highest between 
Performancet and zero. 
Where: 
Adjustment factor means the value specified as such in the Final Terms. 
𝑷𝒆𝒓𝒇𝒐𝒓𝒎𝒂𝒏𝒄𝒆𝒕= Basket Valuet × (1 −Adjustment Factor)t −1 
𝐁𝐚𝐬𝐤𝐞𝐭 𝐕𝐚𝐥𝐮𝐞= ∑1
𝑋
𝑋
𝑖=1
 ( 𝐹𝑖𝑛𝑎𝑙 𝑈𝑛𝑑𝑒𝑟𝑙𝑦𝑖𝑛𝑔 𝑉𝑎𝑙𝑢𝑒𝑖
𝐼𝑛𝑖𝑡𝑖𝑎𝑙 𝑈𝑛𝑑𝑒𝑟𝑙𝑦𝑖𝑛𝑔 𝑉𝑎𝑙𝑢𝑒𝑖)

--- Page 348 ---
348 
𝐁𝐚𝐬𝐤𝐞𝐭 𝐕𝐚𝐥𝐮𝐞𝒕= ∑1
𝑋
𝑋
𝑖=1
 (
𝑈𝑛𝑑𝑒𝑟𝑙𝑦𝑖𝑛𝑔 𝑉𝑎𝑙𝑢𝑒𝑡
𝑖
𝐼𝑛𝑖𝑡𝑖𝑎𝑙 𝑈𝑛𝑑𝑒𝑟𝑙𝑦𝑖𝑛𝑔 𝑉𝑎𝑙𝑢𝑒𝑖) 
Cap Level means the value specified as such in the Final Terms. 
Floor means the value specified as such in the Final Terms. 
Leverage means the value specified as such in the Final Terms. 
T means the value specified as such in the Final Terms. 
t is, for any Observation Datet, the number of Observation Dates from (but excluding) the Initial 
Observation Date to (and including) such Observation Datet. 
𝐔𝐧𝐝𝐞𝐫𝐥𝐲𝐢𝐧𝐠 𝐕𝐚𝐥𝐮𝐞𝐭𝐢 means, in respect of an Observation Datet, Underlying Valuei on such 
Observation Datet. 
X means the number of Underlyings constituting all together a Basket or a Multi-Asset Basket, 
as applicable, as defined in the relevant Asset Conditions. 
 
34. 
BASKET DOUBLE TOP 
This chapter sets out additional terms and conditions for Notes in respect of which the 
applicable Final Terms specify Basket Double Top to be applicable. 
Where BASKET DOUBLE TOP is specified in the Final Terms: 
(a) 
When "Autocall" is specified in the Final Terms, if on any Autocall Observation Date, 
the Autocall Condition is satisfied, each Note will be automatically redeemed on the 
immediately following Automatic Early Redemption Date (this specific Automatic 
Early Redemption Date being therefore the Relevant Automatic Early Redemption 
Date) at the Autocall Redemption Amount determined in accordance with the 
following formula: 
Autocall Redemption Amount = Specified Denomination x (100% + Bonus Rate) 
(b) 
If each Note has not been redeemed early as provided for in paragraph (a) above or if 
"Non-Callable" is specified in the Final Terms: 
(i) 
If on the Final Observation Date, the Final Redemption Condition is satisfied, 
each Note will be redeemed on the Maturity Date at the Final Redemption 
Amount determined in accordance with the following formula: 
Final Redemption Amount = Specified Denomination x (100% + Bonus Rate) 
(ii) 
If on the Final Observation Date, neither the Final Redemption Condition nor 
the Capital at Risk Condition is satisfied and "Barrier Put" is specified in the 
Final Terms or "Leveraged Put" is specified in the Final Terms, each Note will 
be redeemed on the Maturity Date at the Final Redemption Amount determined 
in accordance with the following formula: 
Final Redemption Amount = Specified Denomination x 100%  
(iii) 
If on the Final Observation Date, the Final Redemption Condition is not 
satisfied and the Capital at Risk Condition is satisfied: 
(A) 
if "Barrier Put" is specified in the Final Terms, each Note will be 
redeemed on the Maturity Date at the Final Redemption Amount 
determined in accordance with the following formula:

--- Page 349 ---
349 
(1) 
if "Worst of" is specified 
Final Redemption Amount = Specified Denomination 
x𝑀𝑖𝑛
1≤𝑖≤𝑋( 𝐹𝑖𝑛𝑎𝑙 𝑈𝑛𝑑𝑒𝑟𝑙𝑦𝑖𝑛𝑔 𝑉𝑎𝑙𝑢𝑒𝑖
𝐼𝑛𝑖𝑡𝑖𝑎𝑙 𝑈𝑛𝑑𝑒𝑟𝑙𝑦𝑖𝑛𝑔 𝑉𝑎𝑙𝑢𝑒𝑖) 
(2) 
if "Best of" is specified 
Final Redemption Amount = Specified Denomination 
x𝑀𝑎𝑥
1≤𝑖≤𝑋( 𝐹𝑖𝑛𝑎𝑙 𝑈𝑛𝑑𝑒𝑟𝑙𝑦𝑖𝑛𝑔 𝑉𝑎𝑙𝑢𝑒𝑖
𝐼𝑛𝑖𝑡𝑖𝑎𝑙 𝑈𝑛𝑑𝑒𝑟𝑙𝑦𝑖𝑛𝑔 𝑉𝑎𝑙𝑢𝑒𝑖) 
(3) 
if "Equal Weight" is specified 
Final Redemption Amount = Specified Denomination x 
(∑
𝑋
𝑖=1
1
𝑋( 𝐹𝑖𝑛𝑎𝑙 𝑈𝑛𝑑𝑒𝑟𝑙𝑦𝑖𝑛𝑔 𝑉𝑎𝑙𝑢𝑒𝑖
𝐼𝑛𝑖𝑡𝑖𝑎𝑙 𝑈𝑛𝑑𝑒𝑟𝑙𝑦𝑖𝑛𝑔 𝑉𝑎𝑙𝑢𝑒𝑖) ) 
(B) 
if "Leveraged Put" is specified in the Final Terms, each Note will be 
redeemed on the Maturity Date at the Final Redemption Amount 
determined in accordance with the following formula: 
(1) 
if "Worst of" is specified 
Final Redemption Amount = Specified Denomination 
x𝑀𝑖𝑛
1≤𝑖≤𝑋(𝐹𝑖𝑛𝑎𝑙 𝑈𝑛𝑑𝑒𝑟𝑙𝑦𝑖𝑛𝑔 𝑉𝑎𝑙𝑢𝑒𝑖
𝑃𝑢𝑡 𝑆𝑡𝑟𝑖𝑘𝑒 𝐿𝑒𝑣𝑒𝑙
) 
(2) 
If "Best of" is specified 
Final Redemption Amount = Specified Denomination 
x𝑀𝑎𝑥
1≤𝑖≤𝑋(𝐹𝑖𝑛𝑎𝑙 𝑈𝑛𝑑𝑒𝑟𝑙𝑦𝑖𝑛𝑔 𝑉𝑎𝑙𝑢𝑒𝑖
𝑃𝑢𝑡 𝑆𝑡𝑟𝑖𝑘𝑒 𝐿𝑒𝑣𝑒𝑙
) 
(3) 
if "Equal Weight" is specified 
Final Redemption Amount = Specified Denomination x 
(∑
𝑋
𝑖=1
1
𝑋(𝐹𝑖𝑛𝑎𝑙 𝑈𝑛𝑑𝑒𝑟𝑙𝑦𝑖𝑛𝑔 𝑉𝑎𝑙𝑢𝑒𝑖
𝑃𝑢𝑡 𝑆𝑡𝑟𝑖𝑘𝑒 𝐿𝑒𝑣𝑒𝑙
) ) 
(c) 
When "Guaranteed Coupon" is specified as being applicable in the Final Terms, an 
interest amount (the Guaranteed Coupon Amount) will be determined in respect of 
each Note and each relevant Coupon Observation Date in accordance with the following 
formula: 
Guaranteed Coupon Amount = Specified Denomination x Guaranteed Coupon Rate 
If "Coupons in fine" is specified as being not applicable in the Final Terms, each 
Guaranteed Coupon Amount determined in respect of a Coupon Observation Date will 
be payable in respect of each Note on the Guaranteed Coupon Payment Date relating 
to such Coupon Observation Date.

--- Page 350 ---
350 
If "Coupons in fine" is specified as being applicable in the Final Terms, the sum of all 
Guaranteed Coupon Amounts determined in respect of each respective Coupon 
Observation Date will be payable in respect of each Note on the Maturity Date (or, as 
applicable, the Relevant Automatic Early Redemption Date).   
No interest amount will be determined or payable in respect of any Coupon 
Observation Date falling after the Relevant Automatic Early Redemption Date (if 
applicable). 
(d) 
When "Conditional Coupon Without Memory Effect" is specified in the Final Terms, 
an interest amount (the Conditional Coupon Amount A) will be determined in respect 
of each Note and each Coupon Observation Date in accordance with the following 
formula: 
Conditional Coupon Amount A = Specified Denomination x Coupon Rate, 
provided that on such a Coupon Observation Date, the Conditional Coupon Condition 
is satisfied. 
If "Coupons in fine" is specified as being not applicable in the Final Terms, each 
Conditional Coupon Amount A determined in respect of a Coupon Observation Date 
will be payable in respect of each Note on the Coupon Payment Date relating to such 
Coupon Observation Date.  
If "Coupons in fine" is specified as being applicable in the Final Terms, the sum of all 
Conditional Coupon Amounts A determined in respect of each respective Coupon 
Observation Date (if any) will be payable in respect of each Note on the Maturity Date 
(or, as applicable, the Relevant Automatic Early Redemption Date).   
No interest amount will be determined or payable in respect of any Coupon 
Observation Date falling after the Relevant Automatic Early Redemption Date (if 
applicable). 
(e) 
When "Conditional Coupon With Memory Effect" is specified in the Final Terms, an 
interest amount (the Conditional Coupon Amount B) will be determined in respect of 
each Note in accordance with the following formula: 
Conditional Coupon Amount B = Specified Denomination x Coupon Rate x N 
provided that on such Coupon Observation Date, the Conditional Coupon Condition is 
satisfied. 
If "Coupons in fine" is specified as being not applicable in the Final Terms, each 
Conditional Coupon Amount B determined in respect of a Coupon Observation Date 
(if any) will be payable in respect of each Note on the Coupon Payment Date relating 
to such Coupon Observation Date.  
If "Coupons in fine" is specified as being applicable in the Final Terms, the sum of all 
Conditional Coupon Amounts B determined in respect of each respective Coupon 
Observation Date (if any) will be payable in respect of each Note on the Maturity Date 
(or, as applicable, the Relevant Automatic Early Redemption Date).   
No interest amount will be determined or payable in respect of any Coupon 
Observation Date falling after the Relevant Automatic Early Redemption Date (if 
applicable). 
With: 
1) 
the satisfaction of the Autocall Condition, on an Autocall Observation Date, being 
determined as follows:

--- Page 351 ---
351 
(I) 
If "Worst of" is specified in the Final Terms, the Autocall Condition is satisfied 
if: 
𝑀𝑖𝑛
1≤𝑖≤𝑋(
𝑈𝑛𝑑𝑒𝑟𝑙𝑦𝑖𝑛𝑔 𝑉𝑎𝑙𝑢𝑒𝑖
𝐼𝑛𝑖𝑡𝑖𝑎𝑙 𝑈𝑛𝑑𝑒𝑟𝑙𝑦𝑖𝑛𝑔 𝑉𝑎𝑙𝑢𝑒𝑖) ≥𝐴𝑢𝑡𝑜𝑐𝑎𝑙𝑙 𝑇𝑟𝑖𝑔𝑔𝑒𝑟 𝐿𝑒𝑣𝑒𝑙 
If not, the Autocall Condition is not satisfied.  
(II) 
If "Best of" is specified in the Final Terms if , the Autocall Condition is satisfied 
if: 
𝑀𝑎𝑥
1≤𝑖≤𝑋(
𝑈𝑛𝑑𝑒𝑟𝑙𝑦𝑖𝑛𝑔 𝑉𝑎𝑙𝑢𝑒𝑖
𝐼𝑛𝑖𝑡𝑖𝑎𝑙 𝑈𝑛𝑑𝑒𝑟𝑙𝑦𝑖𝑛𝑔 𝑉𝑎𝑙𝑢𝑒𝑖) ≥𝐴𝑢𝑡𝑜𝑐𝑎𝑙𝑙 𝑇𝑟𝑖𝑔𝑔𝑒𝑟 𝐿𝑒𝑣𝑒𝑙 
If not, the Autocall Condition is not satisfied.  
(III) 
If "Equal Weight" is specified in the Final Terms, the Autocall Condition is 
satisfied if: 
∑
𝑋
𝑖=1
1
𝑋(
𝑈𝑛𝑑𝑒𝑟𝑙𝑦𝑖𝑛𝑔 𝑉𝑎𝑙𝑢𝑒𝑖
𝐼𝑛𝑖𝑡𝑖𝑎𝑙 𝑈𝑛𝑑𝑒𝑟𝑙𝑦𝑖𝑛𝑔 𝑉𝑎𝑙𝑢𝑒𝑖) ≥𝐴𝑢𝑡𝑜𝑐𝑎𝑙𝑙 𝑇𝑟𝑖𝑔𝑔𝑒𝑟 𝐿𝑒𝑣𝑒𝑙 
If not, the Autocall Condition is not satisfied.  
2) 
the satisfaction of the Final Redemption Condition, on the Final Observation Date, 
being determined as follows 
(I) 
If "Worst of" is specified in the Final Terms, the Final Redemption Condition 
is satisfied if: 
𝑀𝑖𝑛
1≤𝑖≤𝑋( 𝐹𝑖𝑛𝑎𝑙 𝑈𝑛𝑑𝑒𝑟𝑙𝑦𝑖𝑛𝑔 𝑉𝑎𝑙𝑢𝑒𝑖
𝐼𝑛𝑖𝑡𝑖𝑎𝑙 𝑈𝑛𝑑𝑒𝑟𝑙𝑦𝑖𝑛𝑔 𝑉𝑎𝑙𝑢𝑒𝑖) ≥𝐴𝑢𝑡𝑜𝑐𝑎𝑙𝑙 𝑇𝑟𝑖𝑔𝑔𝑒𝑟 𝐿𝑒𝑣𝑒𝑙 
If not, the Final Redemption Condition is not satisfied.  
(II) 
If "Best of" is specified in the Final Terms, the Final Redemption Condition is 
satisfied if: 
𝑀𝑎𝑥
1≤𝑖≤𝑋( 𝐹𝑖𝑛𝑎𝑙 𝑈𝑛𝑑𝑒𝑟𝑙𝑦𝑖𝑛𝑔 𝑉𝑎𝑙𝑢𝑒𝑖
𝐼𝑛𝑖𝑡𝑖𝑎𝑙 𝑈𝑛𝑑𝑒𝑟𝑙𝑦𝑖𝑛𝑔 𝑉𝑎𝑙𝑢𝑒𝑖) ≥𝐴𝑢𝑡𝑜𝑐𝑎𝑙𝑙 𝑇𝑟𝑖𝑔𝑔𝑒𝑟 𝐿𝑒𝑣𝑒𝑙 
if not, the Final Redemption Condition is not satisfied.  
(III) 
If "Equal Weight" is specified in the Final Terms, the Final Redemption 
Condition is satisfied if: 
∑
𝑋
𝑖=1
1
𝑋(
𝑈𝑛𝑑𝑒𝑟𝑙𝑦𝑖𝑛𝑔 𝑉𝑎𝑙𝑢𝑒𝑖
𝐼𝑛𝑖𝑡𝑖𝑎𝑙 𝑈𝑛𝑑𝑒𝑟𝑙𝑦𝑖𝑛𝑔 𝑉𝑎𝑙𝑢𝑒𝑖) ≥𝐴𝑢𝑡𝑜𝑐𝑎𝑙𝑙 𝑇𝑟𝑖𝑔𝑔𝑒𝑟 𝐿𝑒𝑣𝑒𝑙 
If not, the Final Redemption Condition is not satisfied.  
3) 
the satisfaction of the Capital at Risk Condition, on the Final Observation Date, being 
determined as follows: 
(I) 
if "Barrier Put" is specified 
- 
if "Worst of" is specified in the Final Terms, the Capital at Risk Condition 
is satisfied if:

--- Page 352 ---
352 
𝑀𝑖𝑛
1≤𝑖≤𝑋( 𝐹𝑖𝑛𝑎𝑙 𝑈𝑛𝑑𝑒𝑟𝑙𝑦𝑖𝑛𝑔 𝑉𝑎𝑙𝑢𝑒𝑖
𝐼𝑛𝑖𝑡𝑖𝑎𝑙 𝑈𝑛𝑑𝑒𝑟𝑙𝑦𝑖𝑛𝑔 𝑉𝑎𝑙𝑢𝑒𝑖) < 𝐾𝑛𝑜𝑐𝑘−𝑖𝑛 𝐿𝑒𝑣𝑒𝑙 
if not, the Capital at Risk Condition is not satisfied.  
- 
if "Best of" is specified in the Final Terms, the Capital at Risk Condition 
is satisfied if: 
𝑀𝑎𝑥
1≤𝑖≤𝑋( 𝐹𝑖𝑛𝑎𝑙 𝑈𝑛𝑑𝑒𝑟𝑙𝑦𝑖𝑛𝑔 𝑉𝑎𝑙𝑢𝑒𝑖
𝐼𝑛𝑖𝑡𝑖𝑎𝑙 𝑈𝑛𝑑𝑒𝑟𝑙𝑦𝑖𝑛𝑔 𝑉𝑎𝑙𝑢𝑒𝑖) < 𝐾𝑛𝑜𝑐𝑘−𝑖𝑛 𝐿𝑒𝑣𝑒𝑙 
if not, the Capital at Risk Condition is not satisfied. 
- 
if "Equal Weight" is specified in the Final Terms, the Capital at Risk 
Condition is satisfied if: 
∑
𝑋
𝑖=1
1
𝑋( 𝐹𝑖𝑛𝑎𝑙 𝑈𝑛𝑑𝑒𝑟𝑙𝑦𝑖𝑛𝑔 𝑉𝑎𝑙𝑢𝑒𝑖
𝐼𝑛𝑖𝑡𝑖𝑎𝑙 𝑈𝑛𝑑𝑒𝑟𝑙𝑦𝑖𝑛𝑔 𝑉𝑎𝑙𝑢𝑒𝑖) < 𝐾𝑛𝑜𝑐𝑘−𝑖𝑛 𝐿𝑒𝑣𝑒𝑙 
if not, the Capital at Risk Condition is not satisfied. 
(II) 
if "Leveraged Put" is specified  
- 
if "Worst of" is specified in the Final Terms, the Capital at Risk Condition 
is satisfied if: 
𝑀𝑖𝑛
1≤𝑖≤𝑋( 𝐹𝑖𝑛𝑎𝑙 𝑈𝑛𝑑𝑒𝑟𝑙𝑦𝑖𝑛𝑔 𝑉𝑎𝑙𝑢𝑒𝑗
𝐼𝑛𝑖𝑡𝑖𝑎𝑙 𝑈𝑛𝑑𝑒𝑟𝑙𝑦𝑖𝑛𝑔 𝑉𝑎𝑙𝑢𝑒𝑗) < 𝑃𝑢𝑡 𝑆𝑡𝑟𝑖𝑘𝑒 𝐿𝑒𝑣𝑒𝑙 
if not, the Capital at Risk Condition is not satisfied.  
- 
if "Best of" is specified in the Final Terms, the Capital at Risk Condition 
is satisfied if: 
𝑀𝑎𝑥
1≤𝑖≤𝑋( 𝐹𝑖𝑛𝑎𝑙 𝑈𝑛𝑑𝑒𝑟𝑙𝑦𝑖𝑛𝑔 𝑉𝑎𝑙𝑢𝑒𝑖
𝐼𝑛𝑖𝑡𝑖𝑎𝑙 𝑈𝑛𝑑𝑒𝑟𝑙𝑦𝑖𝑛𝑔 𝑉𝑎𝑙𝑢𝑒𝑖) < 𝑃𝑢𝑡 𝑆𝑡𝑟𝑖𝑘𝑒 𝐿𝑒𝑣𝑒𝑙 
if not, the Capital at Risk Condition is not satisfied. 
- 
if "Equal Weight" is specified in the Final Terms, the Capital at Risk 
Condition is satisfied if: 
∑
𝑋
𝑖=1
1
𝑋( 𝐹𝑖𝑛𝑎𝑙 𝑈𝑛𝑑𝑒𝑟𝑙𝑦𝑖𝑛𝑔 𝑉𝑎𝑙𝑢𝑒𝑖
𝐼𝑛𝑖𝑡𝑖𝑎𝑙 𝑈𝑛𝑑𝑒𝑟𝑙𝑦𝑖𝑛𝑔 𝑉𝑎𝑙𝑢𝑒𝑖) < 𝑃𝑢𝑡 𝑆𝑡𝑟𝑖𝑘𝑒 𝐿𝑒𝑣𝑒𝑙 
if not, the Capital at Risk Condition is not satisfied. 
4) 
the satisfaction of the Conditional Coupon Condition, on a Coupon Observation Date, 
being determined as follows  
(I) 
If "Worst of" is specified in the Final Terms, the Conditional Coupon Condition 
is satisfied if: 
𝑀𝑖𝑛
1≤𝑖≤𝑋(
𝑈𝑛𝑑𝑒𝑟𝑙𝑦𝑖𝑛𝑔 𝑉𝑎𝑙𝑢𝑒𝑖
𝐼𝑛𝑖𝑡𝑖𝑎𝑙 𝑈𝑛𝑑𝑒𝑟𝑙𝑦𝑖𝑛𝑔 𝑉𝑎𝑙𝑢𝑒𝑖) ≥𝐶𝑜𝑢𝑝𝑜𝑛 𝑇𝑟𝑖𝑔𝑔𝑒𝑟 𝐿𝑒𝑣𝑒𝑙 
If not, the Conditional Coupon Condition is not satisfied.

--- Page 353 ---
353 
(II) 
If "Best of" is specified in the Final Terms, the Conditional Coupon Condition 
is satisfied if: 
𝑀𝑎𝑥
1≤𝑖≤𝑋(
𝑈𝑛𝑑𝑒𝑟𝑙𝑦𝑖𝑛𝑔 𝑉𝑎𝑙𝑢𝑒𝑖
𝐼𝑛𝑖𝑡𝑖𝑎𝑙 𝑈𝑛𝑑𝑒𝑟𝑙𝑦𝑖𝑛𝑔 𝑉𝑎𝑙𝑢𝑒𝑖) ≥𝐶𝑜𝑢𝑝𝑜𝑛 𝑇𝑟𝑖𝑔𝑔𝑒𝑟 𝐿𝑒𝑣𝑒𝑙 
If not, the Conditional Coupon Condition is not satisfied.  
(III) 
If "Equal Weight" is specified in the Final Terms, the Conditional Coupon 
Condition is satisfied if: 
∑
𝑋
𝑖=1
1
𝑋(
𝑈𝑛𝑑𝑒𝑟𝑙𝑦𝑖𝑛𝑔 𝑉𝑎𝑙𝑢𝑒𝑖
𝐼𝑛𝑖𝑡𝑖𝑎𝑙 𝑈𝑛𝑑𝑒𝑟𝑙𝑦𝑖𝑛𝑔 𝑉𝑎𝑙𝑢𝑒𝑖) ≥𝐶𝑜𝑢𝑝𝑜𝑛 𝑇𝑟𝑖𝑔𝑔𝑒𝑟 𝐿𝑒𝑣𝑒𝑙 
If not, the Conditional Coupon Condition is not satisfied.  
Where: 
X is the number of Underlyings constituting all together a Basket or a Multi-Asset Basket, as 
applicable, as defined in the relevant Asset Conditions. 
Autocall Trigger Level means the percentage specified as such in the Final Terms.  
Bonus Rate means the percentage specified as such in the Final Terms. 
Coupon Trigger Level means the percentage specified as such in the Final Terms. 
Knock-In Level means the percentage specified as such in the Final Terms. 
N means, in respect of a Coupon Observation Date, the number of Coupon Observation Dates 
from (but excluding) the latest preceding Coupon Observation Date in respect of which a 
Conditional Coupon Amount B higher than zero was determined to (and including) such Coupon 
Observation Date. For the avoidance of doubt, in the case where no Conditional Coupon B 
higher than zero has ever been determined before such Coupon Observation Date, N means, in 
respect of a Coupon Observation Date, the number of Coupon Observation Dates from (but 
excluding) the Issue Date to (and including) such Coupon Observation Date. 
Put Strike Level means the percentage specified as such in the Final Terms. 
 
35. 
BASKET HIMALAYA  
This chapter sets out additional terms and conditions for Notes in respect of which the 
applicable Final Terms specify Basket Himalaya to be applicable. 
Where BASKET HIMALAYA is specified in the Final Terms, each Note will be redeemed on 
the Maturity Date at the Final Redemption Amount determined in accordance with the following 
formula: 
(a) 
When "Cap" is specified as being applicable in the Final Terms: 
Final Redemption Amount = Specified Denomination x (1 + Min [Performance; Cap 
Level]) 
(b) 
When "Cap" is specified as being not applicable in the Final Terms, 
Final Redemption Amount = Specified Denomination x (1 + Performance) 
Performance means the highest value between:

--- Page 354 ---
354 
(i) 
Floor 
and 
(ii) 
Average 
Average means the arithmetic average of the values on each Observation Datet, excluding the 
Initial Observation Date, of Performancet  
With 
𝐏𝐞𝐫𝐟𝐨𝐫𝐦𝐚𝐧𝐜𝐞𝐭= Best Underlying Valuet × (1 −Adjustment Factor)t −1 
Best Underlying Valuet means the highest of the values on each Observation Datet, excluding 
the Initial Observation Date, of Perft. 
𝐏𝐞𝐫𝐟𝐭=
𝑈𝑛𝑑𝑒𝑟𝑙𝑦𝑖𝑛𝑔 𝑉𝑎𝑙𝑢𝑒𝑡
𝑖
𝐼𝑛𝑖𝑡𝑖𝑎𝑙 𝑈𝑛𝑑𝑒𝑟𝑙𝑦𝑖𝑛𝑔 𝑉𝑎𝑙𝑢𝑒𝑖 
Where: 
Adjustment factor means the value specified as such in the Final Terms. 
Cap Level means the value specified as such in the Final Terms.  
Floor means the value specified as such in the Final Terms. 
t is, for any Observation Date, the number of Observation Dates from (but excluding) the Initial 
Observation Date to (and including) such Observation Date. 
𝐔𝐧𝐝𝐞𝐫𝐥𝐲𝐢𝐧𝐠 𝐕𝐚𝐥𝐮𝐞𝐭𝐢 means, in respect of an Observation Datet, Underlying Valuei on such 
Observation Datet. 
 
36. 
BASKET TOP 
This chapter sets out additional terms and conditions for Notes in respect of which the 
applicable Final Terms specify Basket Top to be applicable. 
Where BASKET TOP is specified in the Final Terms: 
(a) 
If, on any Autocall Observation Date except for the Final Observation Date, the 
Autocall Condition is satisfied, each Note will be automatically redeemed on the 
immediately following Automatic Early Redemption Date at the Autocall Redemption 
Amount determined in accordance with the following formula: 
Autocall Redemption Amount = Specified Denomination x [100%+ (N x 
Coupon Rate)] 
(b) 
If the Notes have not been redeemed early as described in paragraph (a) above: 
(i) 
If on the Final Observation Date, the Final Redemption Condition is satisfied, 
each Note will be redeemed on the Maturity Date at the Final Redemption 
Amount determined in accordance with the following formula: 
Final Redemption Amount = Specified Denomination x [100%+ (N x 
Coupon Rate)] 
(ii) 
If on the Final Observation Date, neither the Final Redemption Condition nor 
the Capital at Risk Condition is satisfied and "Barrier Put" is specified in the 
Final Terms or "Leveraged Put" is specified in the Final Terms:

--- Page 355 ---
355 
(A) 
(If "Airbag" is specified as being applicable in the Final Terms, each 
Note will be redeemed on the Maturity Date at the Final Redemption 
Amount determined in accordance with the following formula 
Final Redemption Amount = Specified Denomination x [100% + (N x 
Coupon Rate)] 
(B) 
If "Semi-Airbag" is specified as being applicable in the Final Terms 
each Note will be redeemed on the Maturity Date at the Final 
Redemption Amount determined in accordance with the following 
formula: 
Final Redemption Amount = Specified Denomination x (100% + 
Airbag Rate) 
(C) 
If "Airbag" and "Semi-Airbag" are specified as being not applicable in 
the Final Terms, each Note will be redeemed on the Maturity Date at 
the Final Redemption Amount determined in accordance with the 
following formula:  
Final Redemption Amount = Specified Denomination x 100% 
(iii) 
If on the Final Observation Date, the Capital at Risk Condition is satisfied: 
(A) 
if "Barrier Put" is specified in the Final Terms, each Note will be 
redeemed on the Maturity Date at the Final Redemption Amount 
determined in accordance with the following formula: 
(1) 
if "Worst of" is specified 
Final Redemption Amount = Specified Denomination 
x𝑀𝑖𝑛
1≤𝑖≤𝑋( 𝐹𝑖𝑛𝑎𝑙 𝑈𝑛𝑑𝑒𝑟𝑙𝑦𝑖𝑛𝑔 𝑉𝑎𝑙𝑢𝑒𝑖
𝐼𝑛𝑖𝑡𝑖𝑎𝑙 𝑈𝑛𝑑𝑒𝑟𝑙𝑦𝑖𝑛𝑔 𝑉𝑎𝑙𝑢𝑒𝑖) 
(2) 
if "Best of" is specified 
Final Redemption Amount = Specified Denomination  
x𝑀𝑎𝑥
1≤𝑖≤𝑋( 𝐹𝑖𝑛𝑎𝑙 𝑈𝑛𝑑𝑒𝑟𝑙𝑦𝑖𝑛𝑔 𝑉𝑎𝑙𝑢𝑒𝑖
𝐼𝑛𝑖𝑡𝑖𝑎𝑙 𝑈𝑛𝑑𝑒𝑟𝑙𝑦𝑖𝑛𝑔 𝑉𝑎𝑙𝑢𝑒𝑖) 
(3) 
if "Equal Weight" is specified 
Final Redemption Amount = Specified Denomination x 
(∑
𝑋
𝑖=1
1
𝑋( 𝐹𝑖𝑛𝑎𝑙 𝑈𝑛𝑑𝑒𝑟𝑙𝑦𝑖𝑛𝑔 𝑉𝑎𝑙𝑢𝑒𝑖
𝐼𝑛𝑖𝑡𝑖𝑎𝑙 𝑈𝑛𝑑𝑒𝑟𝑙𝑦𝑖𝑛𝑔 𝑉𝑎𝑙𝑢𝑒𝑖) ) 
(B) 
if "Leveraged Put" is specified in the Final Terms, each Note will be 
redeemed on the Maturity Date at the Final Redemption Amount 
determined in accordance with the following formula: 
(1) 
If "Worst of" is specified 
Final Redemption Amount = Specified Denomination  
x𝑀𝑖𝑛
1≤𝑖≤𝑋(𝐹𝑖𝑛𝑎𝑙 𝑈𝑛𝑑𝑒𝑟𝑙𝑦𝑖𝑛𝑔 𝑉𝑎𝑙𝑢𝑒𝑖
𝑃𝑢𝑡 𝑆𝑡𝑟𝑖𝑘𝑒 𝐿𝑒𝑣𝑒𝑙
)

--- Page 356 ---
356 
(2) 
If "Best of" is specified 
Final Redemption Amount = Specified Denomination  
x𝑀𝑎𝑥
1≤𝑖≤𝑋(𝐹𝑖𝑛𝑎𝑙 𝑈𝑛𝑑𝑒𝑟𝑙𝑦𝑖𝑛𝑔 𝑉𝑎𝑙𝑢𝑒𝑖
𝑃𝑢𝑡 𝑆𝑡𝑟𝑖𝑘𝑒 𝐿𝑒𝑣𝑒𝑙
) 
(3) 
if "Equal Weight" is specified 
Final Redemption Amount = Specified Denomination x 
(∑
𝑋
𝑖=1
1
𝑋(𝐹𝑖𝑛𝑎𝑙 𝑈𝑛𝑑𝑒𝑟𝑙𝑦𝑖𝑛𝑔 𝑉𝑎𝑙𝑢𝑒𝑖
𝑃𝑢𝑡 𝑆𝑡𝑟𝑖𝑘𝑒 𝐿𝑒𝑣𝑒𝑙
) ) 
With: 
1) 
the satisfaction of the Autocall Condition, on an Autocall Observation Date, 
being determined as follows: 
(I) 
If "Worst of" is specified in the Final Terms, the Autocall Condition is 
satisfied if: 
𝑀𝑖𝑛
1≤𝑖≤𝑋(
𝑈𝑛𝑑𝑒𝑟𝑙𝑦𝑖𝑛𝑔 𝑉𝑎𝑙𝑢𝑒𝑖
𝐼𝑛𝑖𝑡𝑖𝑎𝑙 𝑈𝑛𝑑𝑒𝑟𝑙𝑦𝑖𝑛𝑔 𝑉𝑎𝑙𝑢𝑒𝑖) ≥𝐴𝑢𝑡𝑜𝑐𝑎𝑙𝑙 𝑇𝑟𝑖𝑔𝑔𝑒𝑟 𝐿𝑒𝑣𝑒𝑙 
If not, the Autocall Condition is not satisfied.  
(II) 
If "Best of" is specified in the Final Terms, the Autocall Condition is 
satisfied if: 
𝑀𝑎𝑥
1≤𝑖≤𝑋(
𝑈𝑛𝑑𝑒𝑟𝑙𝑦𝑖𝑛𝑔 𝑉𝑎𝑙𝑢𝑒𝑖
𝐼𝑛𝑖𝑡𝑖𝑎𝑙 𝑈𝑛𝑑𝑒𝑟𝑙𝑦𝑖𝑛𝑔 𝑉𝑎𝑙𝑢𝑒𝑖) ≥𝐴𝑢𝑡𝑜𝑐𝑎𝑙𝑙 𝑇𝑟𝑖𝑔𝑔𝑒𝑟 𝐿𝑒𝑣𝑒𝑙 
If not, the Autocall Condition is not satisfied.  
(III) 
If "Equal Weight" is specified in the Final Terms, the Autocall 
Condition is satisfied if: 
∑
𝑋
𝑖=1
1
𝑋(
𝑈𝑛𝑑𝑒𝑟𝑙𝑦𝑖𝑛𝑔 𝑉𝑎𝑙𝑢𝑒𝑖
𝐼𝑛𝑖𝑡𝑖𝑎𝑙 𝑈𝑛𝑑𝑒𝑟𝑙𝑦𝑖𝑛𝑔 𝑉𝑎𝑙𝑢𝑒𝑖) ≥𝐴𝑢𝑡𝑜𝑐𝑎𝑙𝑙 𝑇𝑟𝑖𝑔𝑔𝑒𝑟 𝐿𝑒𝑣𝑒𝑙 
If not, the Autocall Condition is not satisfied.  
(IV) 
If "Other Chance" is specified in the Final Terms, then in respect of 
any Autocall Observation Date, the Autocall Condition is satisfied if: 
− 
on such Autocall Observation Date, 
𝑀𝑎𝑥
1≤𝑖≤𝑋(
𝑈𝑛𝑑𝑒𝑟𝑙𝑦𝑖𝑛𝑔 𝑉𝑎𝑙𝑢𝑒𝑖
𝐼𝑛𝑖𝑡𝑖𝑎𝑙 𝑈𝑛𝑑𝑒𝑟𝑙𝑦𝑖𝑛𝑔 𝑉𝑎𝑙𝑢𝑒𝑖) ≥𝐴𝑢𝑡𝑜𝑐𝑎𝑙𝑙 𝑇𝑟𝑖𝑔𝑔𝑒𝑟 𝐿𝑒𝑣𝑒𝑙 
or 
− 
on any Autocall Observation Date Date falling prior to such 
Autocall Observation Date, each Underlying Value has been 
at least once greater than or equal to the related Initial 
Underlying Value. 
Otherwise, the Autocall Condition is not satisfied.

--- Page 357 ---
357 
 
2) 
the satisfaction of the Final Redemption Condition, on the Final Observation 
Date, being determined as follows: 
(I) 
If "Worst of" is specified in the Final Terms, the Final Redemption 
Condition is satisfied if: 
𝑀𝑖𝑛
1≤𝑖≤𝑋( 𝐹𝑖𝑛𝑎𝑙 𝑈𝑛𝑑𝑒𝑟𝑙𝑦𝑖𝑛𝑔 𝑉𝑎𝑙𝑢𝑒𝑖
𝐼𝑛𝑖𝑡𝑖𝑎𝑙 𝑈𝑛𝑑𝑒𝑟𝑙𝑦𝑖𝑛𝑔 𝑉𝑎𝑙𝑢𝑒𝑖) ≥𝐴𝑢𝑡𝑜𝑐𝑎𝑙𝑙 𝑇𝑟𝑖𝑔𝑔𝑒𝑟 𝐿𝑒𝑣𝑒𝑙 
If not, the Final Redemption Condition is not satisfied.  
(II) 
If "Best of" is specified in the Final Terms, the Final Redemption 
Condition is satisfied if: 
𝑀𝑎𝑥
1≤𝑖≤𝑋( 𝐹𝑖𝑛𝑎𝑙 𝑈𝑛𝑑𝑒𝑟𝑙𝑦𝑖𝑛𝑔 𝑉𝑎𝑙𝑢𝑒𝑖
𝐼𝑛𝑖𝑡𝑖𝑎𝑙 𝑈𝑛𝑑𝑒𝑟𝑙𝑦𝑖𝑛𝑔 𝑉𝑎𝑙𝑢𝑒𝑖) ≥𝐴𝑢𝑡𝑜𝑐𝑎𝑙𝑙 𝑇𝑟𝑖𝑔𝑔𝑒𝑟 𝐿𝑒𝑣𝑒𝑙 
If not, the Final Redemption Condition is not satisfied.  
(III) 
If "Equal Weight" is specified in the Final Terms, the Final 
Redemption Condition is satisfied if: 
∑
𝑋
𝑖=1
1
𝑋( 𝐹𝑖𝑛𝑎𝑙 𝑈𝑛𝑑𝑒𝑟𝑙𝑦𝑖𝑛𝑔 𝑉𝑎𝑙𝑢𝑒𝑖
𝐼𝑛𝑖𝑡𝑖𝑎𝑙 𝑈𝑛𝑑𝑒𝑟𝑙𝑦𝑖𝑛𝑔 𝑉𝑎𝑙𝑢𝑒𝑖) ≥𝐴𝑢𝑡𝑜𝑐𝑎𝑙𝑙 𝑇𝑟𝑖𝑔𝑔𝑒𝑟 𝐿𝑒𝑣𝑒𝑙 
If not, the Final Redemption Condition is not satisfied.  
(IV) 
If "Other Chance" is specified in the Final Terms, the Final 
Redemption Condition is satisfied if: 
− 
on the Final Observation Date, 
𝑀𝑎𝑥
1≤𝑖≤𝑋( 𝐹𝑖𝑛𝑎𝑙 𝑈𝑛𝑑𝑒𝑟𝑙𝑦𝑖𝑛𝑔 𝑉𝑎𝑙𝑢𝑒𝑖
𝐼𝑛𝑖𝑡𝑖𝑎𝑙 𝑈𝑛𝑑𝑒𝑟𝑙𝑦𝑖𝑛𝑔 𝑉𝑎𝑙𝑢𝑒𝑖) ≥𝐴𝑢𝑡𝑜𝑐𝑎𝑙𝑙 𝑇𝑟𝑖𝑔𝑔𝑒𝑟 𝐿𝑒𝑣𝑒𝑙 
or 
− 
on any Autocall Observation Date, each Underlying Value has 
been at least once greater than or equal to the related Initial 
Underlying Value. 
Otherwise, the Final Redemption Condition is not satisfied  
3) 
the satisfaction of the Capital at Risk Condition, on the Final Observation Date, 
being determined as follows: 
(I) 
if "Barrier Put" is specified 
- 
if "Worst of" is specified in the Final Terms, the Capital at Risk 
Condition is satisfied if: 
𝑀𝑖𝑛
1≤𝑖≤𝑋( 𝐹𝑖𝑛𝑎𝑙 𝑈𝑛𝑑𝑒𝑟𝑙𝑦𝑖𝑛𝑔 𝑉𝑎𝑙𝑢𝑒𝑖
𝐼𝑛𝑖𝑡𝑖𝑎𝑙 𝑈𝑛𝑑𝑒𝑟𝑙𝑦𝑖𝑛𝑔 𝑉𝑎𝑙𝑢𝑒𝑖) < 𝐾𝑛𝑜𝑐𝑘−𝑖𝑛 𝐿𝑒𝑣𝑒𝑙 
if not, the Capital at Risk Condition is not satisfied  
- 
if "Best of" is specified in the Final Terms, the Capital at Risk 
Condition is satisfied if:

--- Page 358 ---
358 
𝑀𝑎𝑥
1≤𝑖≤𝑋( 𝐹𝑖𝑛𝑎𝑙 𝑈𝑛𝑑𝑒𝑟𝑙𝑦𝑖𝑛𝑔 𝑉𝑎𝑙𝑢𝑒𝑖
𝐼𝑛𝑖𝑡𝑖𝑎𝑙 𝑈𝑛𝑑𝑒𝑟𝑙𝑦𝑖𝑛𝑔 𝑉𝑎𝑙𝑢𝑒𝑖) < 𝐾𝑛𝑜𝑐𝑘−𝑖𝑛 𝐿𝑒𝑣𝑒𝑙 
if not, the Capital at Risk Condition is not satisfied. 
- 
if "Equal Weight" is specified in the Final Terms, the Capital at 
Risk Condition is satisfied if: 
∑
𝑋
𝑖=1
1
𝑋( 𝐹𝑖𝑛𝑎𝑙 𝑈𝑛𝑑𝑒𝑟𝑙𝑦𝑖𝑛𝑔 𝑉𝑎𝑙𝑢𝑒𝑖
𝐼𝑛𝑖𝑡𝑖𝑎𝑙 𝑈𝑛𝑑𝑒𝑟𝑙𝑦𝑖𝑛𝑔 𝑉𝑎𝑙𝑢𝑒𝑖) < 𝐾𝑛𝑜𝑐𝑘−𝑖𝑛 𝐿𝑒𝑣𝑒𝑙 
if not, the Capital at Risk Condition is not satisfied. 
(II) 
if "Leveraged Put" is specified  
- 
if " Worst of " is specified in the Final Terms, the Capital at 
Risk Condition is satisfied if: 
𝑀𝑖𝑛
1≤𝑖≤𝑋( 𝐹𝑖𝑛𝑎𝑙 𝑈𝑛𝑑𝑒𝑟𝑙𝑦𝑖𝑛𝑔 𝑉𝑎𝑙𝑢𝑒𝑖
𝐼𝑛𝑖𝑡𝑖𝑎𝑙 𝑈𝑛𝑑𝑒𝑟𝑙𝑦𝑖𝑛𝑔 𝑉𝑎𝑙𝑢𝑒𝑖) < 𝑃𝑢𝑡 𝑆𝑡𝑟𝑖𝑘𝑒 𝐿𝑒𝑣𝑒𝑙 
if not, the Capital at Risk Condition is not satisfied.  
- 
if " Best of " is specified in the Final Terms, the Capital at 
Risk Condition is satisfied if: 
𝑀𝑎𝑥
1≤𝑖≤𝑋( 𝐹𝑖𝑛𝑎𝑙 𝑈𝑛𝑑𝑒𝑟𝑙𝑦𝑖𝑛𝑔 𝑉𝑎𝑙𝑢𝑒𝑖
𝐼𝑛𝑖𝑡𝑖𝑎𝑙 𝑈𝑛𝑑𝑒𝑟𝑙𝑦𝑖𝑛𝑔 𝑉𝑎𝑙𝑢𝑒𝑖) < 𝑃𝑢𝑡 𝑆𝑡𝑟𝑖𝑘𝑒 𝐿𝑒𝑣𝑒𝑙 
if not, the Capital at Risk Condition is not satisfied. 
- 
if "Equal Weight" is specified in the Final Terms, the Capital 
at Risk Condition is satisfied if: 
∑
𝑋
𝑖=1
1
𝑋( 𝐹𝑖𝑛𝑎𝑙 𝑈𝑛𝑑𝑒𝑟𝑙𝑦𝑖𝑛𝑔 𝑉𝑎𝑙𝑢𝑒𝑖
𝐼𝑛𝑖𝑡𝑖𝑎𝑙 𝑈𝑛𝑑𝑒𝑟𝑙𝑦𝑖𝑛𝑔 𝑉𝑎𝑙𝑢𝑒𝑖) < 𝑃𝑢𝑡 𝑆𝑡𝑟𝑖𝑘𝑒 𝐿𝑒𝑣𝑒𝑙 
if not, the Capital at Risk Condition is not satisfied. 
Where: 
Airbag Rate means the percentage specified as such in the Final Terms. 
Autocall Trigger Level means the percentage specified as such in the Final Terms. 
Knock-In Level means the percentage specified as such in the Final Terms. 
N is, for any Autocall Observation Date, or for the Final Observation Date, the number of 
Autocall Observation Dates from (but excluding) the Initial Observation date to (and including) 
such Autocall Observation Date or the Final Observation Date, as the case may be. 
Put Strike means the percentage specified as such in the Final Terms. 
X is the number of Underlyings constituting all together a Basket or a Multi-Asset Basket, as 
applicable, as defined in the relevant Asset Conditions.

--- Page 359 ---
359 
37. 
REVERSE CONVERTIBLE 
This chapter sets out additional terms and conditions for Notes in respect of which the 
applicable Final Terms specify REVERSE CONVERTIBLE to be applicable. 
Where REVERSE CONVERTIBLE is specified in the Final Terms: 
(a) 
When "Autocall" is specified in the Final Terms, if, on any Autocall Observation Date, 
the Underlying ValueAt is greater ou equal than Autocall Trigger Level, each Note will 
be automatically redeemed on the immediately following Automatic Early Redemption 
Date (this specific Automatic Early Redemption Date being therefore the Relevant 
Automatic Early Redemption Date) at the Autocall Redemption Amount determined 
in accordance with the following formula: 
Autocall Redemption Amount = Specified Denomination x (100% + Relevant Rebate) 
(b) 
If each Note has not been redeemed early as provided for in paragraph (a) above or if 
"Non-Callable", "Non-Put-Spread" and "Non-Put" are specified in the Final Terms, the 
Notes will be redeemed on the Maturity Date at the Final Redemption Amount 
determined in accordance with the following formula: 
Final Redemption Amount = Specified Denomination x 100%. 
(c) 
When Conditional Coupon is specified as being applicable, if each Note has not been 
redeemed early as provided for in paragraph (a) above or if "Non-Callable" is specified 
in the Final Terms, if "Cap" is specified as being applicable in the Final terms, an 
interest amount (the Conditional Coupon Amount) will be payable in respect of each 
Note and a Coupon Observation Datet on the related Coupon Payment Datet (if 
"Coupons in fine" is specified as being not applicable in the Final Terms) or (if 
"Coupons in fine" is specified as being applicable in the Final Terms) on the Maturity 
Date or (as the case may be) the Relevant Automatic Early Redemption Date, for the 
Coupon Periodt starting on and including the immediately preceding Coupon 
Observation Datet-1 (or, for the first Coupon Period, the Issue Date) and ending on, but 
excluding, such Coupon Observation Datet, in accordance with the following formula: 
Conditional Coupon Amount = Specified Denomination × Day Count Fraction x Max 
[Floor Level; Min (Cap Level; Leverage × [Underlying ValueBt + Margin])] 
Provided that on such Coupon Observation Datet, the Underlying ValueAt is greater than 
or equal to the Coupon Trigger Level. 
No interest amount will be determined or payable in respect of any Coupon 
Observation Date falling after the Relevant Automatic Early Redemption Date (if 
applicable). 
(d) 
When Unconditional Coupon is specified as being applicable, if each Note has not been 
redeemed early as provided for in paragraph (a) above or if "Non-Callable" is specified 
in the Final Terms, if "Cap" is specified as being applicable in the Final terms, an 
interest amount (the Unconditional Coupon Amount) will be payable in respect of 
each Note and a Coupon Observation Datet on the related Coupon Payment Datet (if 
"Coupons in fine" is specified as being not applicable in the Final Terms) or (if 
"Coupons in fine" is specified as being applicable in the Final Terms) on the Maturity 
Date or (as the case may be) the Relevant Automatic Early Redemption Date, for the 
Coupon Periodt starting on and including the immediately preceding Coupon 
Observation Datet-1 (or, for the first Coupon Period, the Issue Date) and ending on, but 
excluding, such Coupon Observation Datet, in accordance with the following formula: 
Unconditional Coupon Amount = Specified Denomination × Day Count Fraction x Max 
[Floor Level; Min (Cap Level; Leverage × [Underlying ValueBt + Margin])]

--- Page 360 ---
360 
No interest amount will be determined or payable in respect of any Coupon 
Observation Date falling after the Relevant Automatic Early Redemption Date (if 
applicable). 
(e) 
When Conditional Coupon is specified as being applicable, if each Note has not been 
redeemed early as provided for in paragraph (a) above or if "Non-Callable" is specified 
in the Final Terms, if "Cap" is specified as being not applicable in the Final terms, an 
interest amount (the Conditional Coupon Amount) will be payable in respect of each 
Note and a Coupon Observation Datet on the related Coupon Payment Datet (if 
"Coupons in fine" is specified as being not applicable in the Final Terms) or (if 
"Coupons in fine" is specified as being applicable in the Final Terms) on the Maturity 
Date or (as the case may be) the Relevant Automatic Early Redemption Date, for the 
Coupon Periodt starting on and including the immediately preceding Coupon 
Observation Datet-1 (or, for the first Coupon Period, the Issue Date) and ending on, but 
excluding, such Coupon Observation Datet, in accordance with the following formula: 
Conditional Coupon Amount = Specified Denomination × Day Count Fraction x Max 
[Floor Level; Leverage × (Underlying ValueBt + Margin)] 
Provided that on such Coupon Observation Datet, the Underlying ValueAt is greater than 
or equal to the Coupon Trigger Level. 
No interest amount will be determined or payable in respect of any Coupon 
Observation Date falling after the Relevant Automatic Early Redemption Date (if 
applicable). 
(f) 
When Unconditional Coupon is specified as being applicable, if each Note has not been 
redeemed early as provided for in paragraph (a) above or if "Non-Callable" is specified 
in the Final Terms, if "Cap" is specified as being not applicable in the Final terms, an 
interest amount (the Unconditional Coupon Amount) will be payable in respect of 
each Note and a Coupon Observation Datet on the related Coupon Payment Datet (if 
"Coupons in fine" is specified as being not applicable in the Final Terms) or (if 
"Coupons in fine" is specified as being applicable in the Final Terms) on the Maturity 
Date or (as the case may be) the Relevant Automatic Early Redemption Date, for the 
Coupon Periodt starting on and including the immediately preceding Coupon 
Observation Datet-1 (or, for the first Coupon Period, the Issue Date) and ending on, but 
excluding, such Coupon Observation Datet, in accordance with the following formula: 
Unconditional Coupon Amount = Specified Denomination × Day Count Fraction x Max 
[Floor Level; Leverage × (Underlying ValueBt + Margin)] 
No interest amount will be determined or payable in respect of any Coupon 
Observation Date falling after the Relevant Automatic Early Redemption Date (if 
applicable). 
(g) 
When "Guaranteed Coupon" is specified as being applicable in the Final Terms, an 
interest amount (the Guaranteed Coupon Amount) will be determined in respect of 
each Note and each relevant Coupon Observation Date and payable on the Guaranteed 
Coupon Payment Date relating to such Coupon Observation Date, (if "Coupons in fine" 
is specified as being not applicable in the Final Terms) or (if "Coupons in fine" is 
specified as being applicable in the Final Terms) on the Maturity Date or (as the case 
may be) the Relevant Automatic Early Redemption Date, in accordance with the 
following formula: 
Guaranteed Coupon Amount = Specified Denomination x Guaranteed Coupon Rate 
No interest amount will be determined or payable in respect of any Coupon 
Observation Date falling after the Relevant Automatic Early Redemption Date (if 
applicable).

--- Page 361 ---
361 
(h) 
If each Note has not been redeemed early as provided for in paragraph (a) above or if 
"Non-Callable" is specified in the Final Terms, if “Put Spread” is specified as being 
applicable in the Final Terms,  
(i) 
If Final Underlying ValueA is strictly lower than the Knock-in Put Spread 
Level, each Note will be redeemed on the Maturity Date at the Final 
Redemption Amount determined in accordance with the following formula: 
Final Redemption Amount = Specified Denomination × (100% + Max [Floor 
Level; (
𝐹𝑖𝑛𝑎𝑙 𝑈𝑛𝑑𝑒𝑟𝑙𝑦𝑖𝑛𝑔 𝑉𝑎𝑙𝑢𝑒𝐴
𝐼𝑛𝑖𝑡𝑖𝑎𝑙 𝑈𝑛𝑑𝑒𝑟𝑙𝑦𝑖𝑛𝑔 𝑉𝑎𝑙𝑢𝑒𝐴 – 1)])  
(ii) 
If Final Underlying ValueA is greater than or equal to the Knock-in Put Spread 
Level, each Note will be redeemed on the Maturity Date at the Final 
Redemption Amount determined in accordance with the following formula: 
Final Redemption Amount = Specified Denomination x 100%. 
(i) 
If each Note has not been redeemed early as provided for in paragraph (a) above or if 
"Non-Callable" is specified in the Final Terms, if “Put ” is specified as being applicable 
in the Final Terms,: 
(i) 
If Final Underlying ValueA is greater greater than or equal to (1) the Knock-in 
Level if "Barrier Put" is specified in the Final Terms or (2) the Put Strike Level 
if "Leveraged Put" is specified in the Final Terms, each Note will be redeemed 
on the Maturity Date at the Final Redemption Amount determined in 
accordance with the following formula: 
Final Redemption Amount = Specified Denomination x 100% 
(ii) 
If Final Underlying ValueA is strictly lower than the Knock-In Level and 
"Barrier Put" is specified in the Final Terms, each Note will be redeemed on 
the Maturity Date at the Final Redemption Amount determined in accordance 
with the following formula: 
Final Redemption Amount = Specified Denomination × 
𝐹𝑖𝑛𝑎𝑙 𝑈𝑛𝑑𝑒𝑟𝑙𝑦𝑖𝑛𝑔 𝑉𝑎𝑙𝑢𝑒𝐴
𝐼𝑛𝑖𝑡𝑖𝑎𝑙 𝑈𝑛𝑑𝑒𝑟𝑙𝑦𝑖𝑛𝑔 𝑉𝑎𝑙𝑢𝑒𝐴 
(iii) 
If Final Underlying ValueA is strictly lower than the Put Strike Level and 
"Leveraged Put" is specified in the Final Terms, each Note will be redeemed 
on the Maturity Date at the Final Redemption Amount determined in 
accordance with the following formula: 
Final Redemption Amount = Specified Denomination × 
𝐹𝑖𝑛𝑎𝑙 𝑈𝑛𝑑𝑒𝑟𝑙𝑦𝑖𝑛𝑔 𝑉𝑎𝑙𝑢𝑒𝐴
𝑃𝑢𝑡 𝑆𝑡𝑟𝑖𝑘𝑒 𝐿𝑒𝑣𝑒𝑙
 
Where: 
Autocall Trigger Level means, for any Autocall Observation Date and for the Final 
Observation Date, the percentage of Initial Underlying ValueA specified as such in the Final 
Terms. 
Cap Level means the value specified as such in the Final Terms. 
Coupon Trigger Level means the percentage of the Initial Underlying ValueA specified as such 
in the Final Terms. 
Floor Level means the value specified as such in the Final Terms. 
Knock-In Level means the percentage of the Initial Underlying ValueA specified as such in the 
Final Terms. 
Leverage means the value specified as such in the Final Terms.

--- Page 362 ---
362 
Margin means the value specified as such in the Final Terms. 
Knock-in Put Spread Level means the percentage of the Initial Underlying ValueA specified 
as such in the Final Terms. 
Put Strike Level means the percentage of the Initial Underlying ValueA specified as such in the 
Final Terms. 
Relevant Rebate(t) means, in respect of any Autocall Observation Datet, the Relevant Rebate 
specified in the Final Terms for such Autocall Observation Datet. 
Underlying ValueAt means the Underlying Value of UnderyingA on Coupon Observation Datet. 
Underlying ValueBt means the Underlying Value of UnderyingB on Coupon Observation Datet. 
 
38. 
STEEPENER 
 
This chapter sets out additional terms and conditions for Notes in respect of which the 
applicable Final Terms specify Steepener to be applicable. 
Where STEEPENER is specified in the Final Terms: 
(a) 
If "Callable" and “Tarn Effect” are specified as being not applicable in the Final Terms, 
each Note will be redeemed on the Maturity Date at the Final Redemption Amount 
determined in accordance with the following formula:  
Final Redemption Amount = Specified Denomination x 100%. 
(b) 
When "Callable" is specified as being applicable in the Final Terms, the Issuer has the 
option to early redeem each Note on the Call Option Date falling on or after the third 
Business Day following the Call Option Notice Date at the Final Redemption Amount 
determined in accordance with the following formula: 
Final Redemption Amount = Specified Denomination x 100% 
(c) 
Unless previously redeemed, if "Floor" is specified as being applicable in the Final 
Terms, an interest amount (the Coupon Amount) will be payable in respect of each 
Note and each Coupon Observation Datet on the relating Coupon Payment Datet, for the 
Coupon Periodt starting on and including the immediately preceding Coupon 
Observation Datet-1 (or, for the first Coupon Period, the Issue Date) and ending on, but 
excluding, such Coupon Observation Datet, in accordance with the following formula: 
Coupon Amount = Specified Denomination x Day Count Fraction x Max [Floor Level; 
Leverage x (SpreadFixingt + Margin)]) 
(d) 
Unless previously redeemed, if "Cap" is specified as being applicable in the Final 
Terms, an interest amount (the Coupon Amount) will be payable in respect of each 
Note and each Coupon Observation Datet on the relating Coupon Payment Datet, for the 
Coupon Periodt starting on and including the immediately preceding Coupon 
Observation Datet-1 (or, for the first Coupon Period, the Issue Date) and ending on, but 
excluding, such Coupon Observation Datet, in accordance with the following formula: 
Coupon Amount = Specified Denomination x Day Count Fraction x Min [Cap Level; 
Leverage x (SpreadFixingt + Margin)]) 
(e) 
Unless previously redeemed, if "Cap" and "Floor" are specified as being applicable in 
the Final Terms, an interest amount (the Coupon Amount) will be payable in respect 
of each Note and each Coupon Observation Datet on the relating Coupon Payment Datet, 
for the Coupon Periodt starting on and including the immediately preceding Coupon

--- Page 363 ---
363 
Observation Datet-1 (or, for the first Coupon Period, the Issue Date) and ending on, but 
excluding, such Coupon Observation Datet, in accordance with the following formula: 
Coupon Amount = Specified Denomination x Day Count Fraction x Max [Floor Level; 
Min (Cap Level; Leverage x [SpreadFixingt + Margin])] 
(f) 
Unless previously redeemed, if "Cap" and "Floor" are specified as being not applicable 
in the Final Terms, an interest amount (the Coupon Amount) will be payable in respect 
of each Note and each Coupon Observation Datet on the relating Coupon Payment Datet, 
for the Coupon Periodt starting on and including the immediately preceding Coupon 
Observation Datet-1 (or, for the first Coupon Period, the Issue Date) and ending on, but 
excluding, such Coupon Observation Datet, in accordance with the following formula: 
Coupon Amount = Specified Denomination x Day Count Fraction x Leverage x 
(SpreadFixingt + Margin)]) 
(g) 
Unless previously redeemed, when "Guaranteed Coupon" is specified as being 
applicable in the Final Terms, an interest amount (the Guaranteed Coupon Amount) 
will be determined in respect of each Note and each Coupon Observation Datet on the 
relating Garanteed Coupon Payment Date, for the Coupon Periodt starting on and 
including the immediately preceding Coupon Observation Datet-1 (or, for the first 
Coupon Period, the Issue Date) and ending on, but excluding, such Coupon Observation 
Datet, in accordance with the following formula: 
Guaranteed Coupon Amount = Specified Denomination x Day Count Fraction x 
Guaranteed Coupon Rate 
(h) 
If "Callable" is specified as being not applicable and "Tarn Effect" is specified as being 
applicable in the Final Terms, if on any Autocall Observation Date, the sum of: 
(i) all Guaranteed Coupon Amounts calculated under paragraph (g) above (if 
applicable); and 
(ii) all Coupon Amounts calculated under paragraph (c) or (d) or (e) or (f) above (if 
applicable), 
 
is greater than or equal to the Tarn Level, each Note will be automatically redeemed on 
the immediately following Automatic Early Redemption Date at the Autocall 
Redemption Amount determined in accordance with the following formula: 
 
Autocall Redemption Amount = Specified Denomination x 100% 
Where: 
SpreadFixingt means, in respect of a Coupon Periodt: 
- 
if "In advance" is specified in the applicable Final Terms, the SpreadFixing Value on 
the Coupon Observation Datet-1 on which the Coupon Periodt starts (or, if the initial 
Coupon Observation Date falls on or before the Issue Date, the SpreadFixing Value for 
the first Coupon Period shall be the level of the SpreadFixing Value on such initial 
Coupon Observation Date); or 
- 
if "In arrears" is specified in the applicable Final Terms, the SpreadFixing Value on the 
Coupon Observation Datet on which the Coupon Periodt ends. 
Cap Level means the value indicated in the Final Terms. 
Floor Level means the value indicated in the Final Terms. 
Leverage is as specified in the applicable Final Terms. 
Margin is as specified in the applicable Final Terms.

--- Page 364 ---
364 
SpreadFixing Value means, in respect of any Coupon Observation Datet, the difference 
between the Underlying Value of UnderlyingA on such Coupon Observation Datet and the 
Underlying Value of UnderlyingB on such Coupon Observation Datet.  
Tarn Level means the value indicated in the Final Terms.

--- Page 365 ---
365 
 
FORM OF THE NOTES 
Each Tranche of Notes will be in bearer form and will be initially issued in the form of a 
temporary global note (a Temporary Global Note) or, if so specified in the applicable Final 
Terms, a permanent global note (a Permanent Global Note and, together with the Temporary 
Global Note, the Global Notes), which, in either case, will: 
(i) 
if the Global Notes are intended to be issued in new global note (NGN) form, as stated 
in the applicable Final Terms, be delivered on or prior to the original issue date of the 
Tranche to a common safekeeper (the Common Safekeeper) for Euroclear Bank 
SA/NV (Euroclear) and Clearstream Banking, S.A. (Clearstream); and 
(ii) 
if the Global Notes are not intended to be issued in NGN form (and are therefore 
intended to be issued in classic global note (CGN) form), be delivered on or prior to the 
original issue date of the Tranche to a common depositary (the Common Depositary) 
for Euroclear and Clearstream. 
Whilst any Note is represented by a Temporary Global Note, payments of principal, interest 
(if any) and any other amount payable in respect of the Notes due prior to the Exchange Date 
(as defined below) will be made (against presentation of the Temporary Global Note if the 
Temporary Global Note is intended to be issued in CGN form) only to the extent that 
certification (in a form to be provided) to the effect that the beneficial owners of interests in 
such Note are not U.S. persons or persons who have purchased for resale to any U.S. person, as 
required by U.S. Treasury regulations, has been received by Euroclear and/or Clearstream and 
Euroclear and/or Clearstream as applicable, has given a like certification (based on the 
certifications it has received) to the Agent. 
On and after the date (the Exchange Date) which is 40 days after a Temporary Global Note is 
issued, interests in such Temporary Global Note will be exchangeable (free of charge) upon a 
request as described therein either for (a) interests in a Permanent Global Note of the same 
Series or (b) for definitive Notes (Definitive Notes) of the same Series with, where applicable, 
receipts, interest coupons and talons attached (as indicated in the applicable Final Terms and 
subject, in the case of Definitive Notes, to such notice period as is specified in the applicable 
Final Terms), in each case against certification of beneficial ownership as described above 
unless such certification has already been given. The holder of a Temporary Global Note will 
not be entitled to collect any payment of interest, principal or other amount due on or after the 
Exchange Date unless, upon due certification, exchange of the Temporary Global Note for an 
interest in a Permanent Global Note or for Definitive Notes is improperly withheld or refused. 
Payments of principal, interest (if any) or any other amounts on a Permanent Global Note will 
be made through Euroclear and/or Clearstream (against presentation or surrender (as the case 
may be) of the Permanent Global Note if the Permanent Global Note is intended to be issued in 
CGN form) without any requirement for certification. 
The applicable Final Terms will specify that a Permanent Global Note will be exchangeable 
(free of charge), in whole but not in part, for Definitive Notes with, where applicable, receipts, 
interest coupons and talons attached upon either (a) not less than 60 days’ written notice from 
Euroclear and/or Clearstream (acting on the instructions of any holder of an interest in such 
Permanent Global Note) to the Agent as described therein or (b) only upon the occurrence of an 
Exchange Event. For these purposes, Exchange Event means that (i) an Event of Default (as 
defined in Condition 9) has occurred and is continuing, or (ii) the Issuer has been notified that 
both Euroclear and Clearstream have been closed for business for a continuous period of 14 
days (other than by reason of holiday, statutory or otherwise) or have announced an intention 
permanently to cease business or have in fact done so and no successor clearing system is 
available, or (iii) the Issuer has or will become subject to adverse tax consequences which would 
not be suffered were the Notes represented by the Permanent Global Note in definitive form. 
The Issuer will promptly give notice to Noteholders in accordance with Condition 13 if an 
Exchange Event occurs. In the event of the occurrence of an Exchange Event, Euroclear and/or

--- Page 366 ---
366 
Clearstream (acting on the instructions of any holder of an interest in such Permanent Global 
Note) may give notice to the Agent requesting exchange and, in the event of the occurrence of 
an Exchange Event as described in (iii) above, the Issuer may also give notice to the Agent 
requesting exchange. Any such exchange shall occur not later than 45 days after the date of 
receipt of the first relevant notice by the Agent. 
The following legend will appear on all Permanent Global Notes and all Definitive Notes which 
have an original maturity of more than 365 days and on all receipts and interests coupons 
relating to such Notes: 
"ANY UNITED STATES PERSON WHO HOLDS THIS OBLIGATION WILL BE SUBJECT 
TO LIMITATIONS UNDER THE UNITED STATES INCOME TAX LAWS, INCLUDING 
THE LIMITATIONS PROVIDED IN SECTIONS 165(j) AND 1287(a) OF THE INTERNAL 
REVENUE CODE." 
The sections referred to provide that United States holders, with certain exceptions, will not be 
entitled to deduct any loss on Notes, receipts or interest coupons and will not be entitled to 
capital gains treatment of any gain on any sale, disposition, redemption or payment of principal 
in respect of such Notes, receipts or interest coupons. 
Notes which are represented by a Global Note will only be transferable in accordance with the 
rules and procedures for the time being of Euroclear or Clearstream, as the case may be. 
Pursuant to the Agency Agreement (as defined under "Terms and Conditions of the Notes"), the 
Agent shall arrange that, where a further Tranche of Notes is issued which is intended to form 
a single Series with an existing Tranche of Notes, the Notes of such further Tranche shall be 
assigned a common code and ISIN which are different from the common code and ISIN 
assigned to Notes of any other Tranche of the same Series. 
Any reference herein to Euroclear and/or Clearstream shall, whenever the context so permits be 
deemed to include a reference to any additional or alternative clearing system specified in the 
applicable Final Terms. 
A Note may be accelerated by the holder thereof in certain circumstances described in Condition 
9. In such circumstances, where any Note is still represented by a Global Note and the Global 
Note (or any part thereof) has become due and repayable in accordance with the Terms and 
Conditions of such Notes and payment in full of the amount due has not been made in 
accordance with the provisions of the Global Note then the Global Note will become void at 
8.00 p.m. (London time) on such day. At the same time, holders of interests in such Global Note 
credited to their accounts with Euroclear and/or Clearstream, as the case may be, will become 
entitled to proceed directly against the Issuer on the basis of statements of account provided by 
Euroclear and/or Clearstream on and subject to the terms of a deed of covenant (the Deed of 
Covenant) dated 12 July 2023 and executed by the Issuer.

--- Page 367 ---
367 
 
USE OF PROCEEDS 
The net proceeds from each issue of Notes will be applied by the Issuer for the general corporate 
purposes of the Issuer, which include making a profit, and/or for hedging purposes. If, in respect of any 
particular issue, there is a particular identified use of proceeds, this will be stated in the applicable Final 
Terms.

--- Page 368 ---
368 
DESCRIPTION OF THE ISSUER 
Most of information on the Issuer is set out in the Issuer's 2022 Annual Report incorporated herein by 
reference (please refer to the cross-reference table on pages 36 to 38 of this Base Prospectus). 
 
Introduction 
The Issuer is the French bank of Groupe Edmond de Rothschild. It was founded on 10 July 1953 by 
Edmond de Rothschild and became a financial institution in 1967. It was transformed into a bank in 
1971. The Issuer is a société anonyme à Directoire et Conseil de Surveillance and has a term of 99 years. 
The Issuer has as of 12 July 2023 an authorised share capital of €83,075,820 divided into 5,538,388 
ordinary shares of the same category, with a nominal value of €15 each, in registered form. 
The Issuer was registered at the Registre du Commerce et des Sociétés in Paris on 7 March 1957 with 
number B 572 037 026. Its registered office and principal place of business is 47 rue du Faubourg Saint-
Honoré, 75008 Paris and its telephone number is + 33 (0)1 40 17 25 25. 
The Issuer is subject to article L.210-1 and following of the French Commercial Code (Code de 
commerce) and the decree of 23 March 1967 relating to commercial companies and the French Monetary 
and Financial Code (Code monétaire et financier) concerning the supervision of credit institutions. 
The Issuer is a limited company with supervisory and executive boards. This dual form of structuring 
the management bodies satisfies the principles of the Issuer’s group corporate governance, with 
executive management functions clearly separated from supervisory tasks. 
 
History and development of the Issuer 
Founded in 1953, the Edmond de Rothschild Group (the Group) is a conviction-driven investment house 
dedicated to the belief that wealth is what tomorrow can be made of, specialises in Private Banking and 
Asset Management, and serves an international clientele of families, entrepreneurs and institutional 
investors. The Group is also active in Corporate Finance, Private Equity, Real Estate and Fund Services.  
Family-owned and independent, the Group favours bold strategies and investments rooted in the real 
economy, combining long-term performance and impact. 
Founded in 1953, the Group had nearly CHF 158 billion in assets under management at the end of 
December 2022, 2,500 employees, and 30 locations worldwide.  
The vision of the Group is the result of 250 years of entrepreneurial history, a period in which the 
Rothschild family has contributed to the changes of the modern world. The vision of the Group is at the 
nexus of three ideas: 
− 
the expression of its active vision of investment, whereby wealth is not seen as an end in itself, 
but as a starting point for making change; 
− 
its manner of taking on the challenges of the future with a committed vision, as entrepreneurs 
who keep a close eye on changes in society so that their clients remain fully in touch with the 
real economy; and 
− 
its determination to be pioneers, to adopt a pragmatic approach and take simple, clear and 
measurable actions that drive performance. 
The Issuer is 100 % owned by Edmond de Rothschild (Suisse) S.A. Individuals are also shareholders in 
Edmond de Rothschild (France), with an interest of 59 shares. The principal ultimate indirect 
shareholder of the issuer is the Benjamin de Rothschild family.

--- Page 369 ---
369 
Adress of the Issuer's board members: 
The business address of the members of the Supervisory Board, the Executive Board Audit Committee, 
Remuneration Committee and Risk Committee is at Edmond de Rothschild (France), 47 rue du 
Faubourg Saint-Honoré, 75401 Paris Cedex 08, France. 
Update of the positions held by each member of the Supervisory Board, Executive Board, Audit 
Committee, Remuneration Committee and Risk Committee for Edmond de Rothschild (France) 
in other companies  
The positions disclosed below have to be removed or have to be added on positions disclosed on the 
2022 Annual Report. 
• Ariane de Rothschild: 
Chief Executive Officer of Edmond de Rothschild (Suisse) S.A. (since 14 March 2023) (Previously 
Chair of the Board of Directors) - Mandate added 
Member of the Compensation Committee (previously Chair of the Compensation Committee) of 
Edmond de Rothschild (France) - Mandate added 
• Jean-Laurent Bellue: 
Chair of the Audit Committee of Edmond de Rothschild (Suisse) SA (since 26 April 2023 date of which 
the Audit and Risk Committee of Edmond de Rothschild (Suisse) SA had been splited in two 
committees)  
• Véronique Morali: 
Chair of the Executive Board of Webedia (until 24 March, 2023) - Mandate removed 
Chair of the Board of Directors of Webedia (since 24 March, 2023) - Mandate added 
Chair of Fimalac Développement (Luxembourg) (until 25 May,2023) - Mandate removed 
Chief Executive Officer of Webco (until 29 June, 2023) - Mandate removed 
Director of Interparfums (since 24 April, 2023) - Mandate added 
Chair of the Compensation Committee member (since 4 May, 2023) - Mandate changed 
• Philippe Cieutat:  
Chair of the Board of Directors of Edmond de Rothschild REIM (Europe) S.A. (since 4 January, 2023) 
(previously OROX Europe S.A): Mandate added  
Member of the Board of Directors and member of the Audit & Risk committee of: 
- 
Edmond de Rothschild (Monaco) (since 23 March, 2023): Mandate added 
- 
Edmond de Rothschild (UK) (since 22 May, 2023): Mandate added 
- 
Edmond de Rothschild (Israël) (since 25 May, 2023): Mandate added 
Vice Chair of the Board of Directors of EdR REIM Holding SA (previously EdR Real Estate S.A.) - 
Change of name of the company 
• Jacques Ehrmann: 
Supervisory Board member of Woodeum (SAS) (until 21 February, 2023) - Mandate removed

--- Page 370 ---
370 
Chair of the Fédération des Acteurs du Commerce dans les Territoires (formely known as CNCC-
Conseil National des Centres Commerciaux) (until 28 March, 2023) - Mandate removed 
• Cynthia Tobiano: 
Delegate Chief Executive Officer of Edmond de Rothschild (Suisse) S.A. (since 14 March 2023) - 
Mandate added (previously Director until 14 March 2023) 
Edmond de Rothschild REIM (Europe) S.A. (until 4 January 2023) – Mandate removed 
• François Pauly: 
François Pauly is no more member of the Supervisory Board since May 4, 2023. 
Conflicts of interest for the Issuer's board members 
There are no conflicts of interest or potential conflicts of interest identified between any duties of the 
respective members of the Issuer’s Supervisory Board, Executive Board, Audit Committee, 
Remuneration Committee and Risk Committee and their private interests and/or other duties. Any 
identification of potential conflict of interests would be communicated to the Head of compliance officer 
who will ensure, with a degree of reasonable certainty, that the measures taken provide protection to 
investors. 
 
Issuer's objects and purposes 
The purpose of the Issuer, as described in page 2 of the articles of memorandum of the Issuer (statuts), 
is: 
− 
to carry out any transactions in the fields of banking, credit, discounting, lending, advances, 
commissions, brokerage, foreign exchange, arbitrage, trade in precious metals and coins, and to 
provide guarantees in the form of sureties, endorsements, or otherwise; 
− 
to invest in, subscribe for, buy or sell securities and financial instruments of any kind, on a spot or 
forward basis or in any other form, on any financial market, whether or not it is a regulated exchange, 
or otherwise, and to enter into any forward transactions, to establish any financial syndicates, and, 
more generally, to provide any investment services as defined by Article L.321-1 of the French 
Monetary and Financial Code; 
− 
to acquire, hold, and manage equity interests in any banking, financial, real estate, industrial, and 
commercial enterprises, on its own behalf or on behalf of third parties, both in France and abroad; 
− 
as an ancillary business, to engage in insurance and reinsurance brokerage in France or abroad, and 
to offer any services directly or indirectly related to this business, or to the services described in the 
list established by the French national syndicate of insurance and reinsurance brokers; 
− 
as an ancillary business, to engage the activity of advice and transactions on buildings and 
commercial properties, in France or abroad; 
− 
more generally, to undertake, in any country, on its own behalf or on behalf of third parties, any 
banking, financial, commercial, industrial or movable and immoveable property transactions, 
whether directly or indirectly related to the corporate purpose. 
 
The Issuer may carry out transactions falling within the scope of its corporate purpose either 
independently, or through a joint venture, syndicate, consortium, association, economic interest 
grouping, or a company formed with any natural persons, legal entities, or collective organisations, and 
conduct and carry out such transactions in any form whatsoever. 
 
Description of the expected financing of Issuer’s activities 
The Issuer intends to fund its activities through different means: 
− 
capital and retained earnings;

--- Page 371 ---
371 
− 
the pursuing of a deeply subordinated existing debt; 
− 
debt securities issued under 
• 
the Programme; 
• 
a Negotiable European Medium-Term Note program for debt instruments with a 
maturity higher than 12 months; 
• 
a Negotiable European Commercial Paper program for debt instruments with a maturity 
lower than 12 months; and 
• 
possibly the issuance of stand-alone debt, 
in each case distributed in particular to clients of the Group or institutionnals;  
− 
term deposits and current accounts of existing and new clients, and 
− 
loans from companies of the Group. 
Changes in the Issuer’s borrowing and funding structure since the last financial year 
There has been no material changes in the Issuer’s borrowing and funding structure since 31 December 
2022.

--- Page 372 ---
372 
TAXATION 
The tax legislation of the Noteholders' member state and of the Issuer's country of incorporation may 
have an impact on the income received from the Notes. All prospective Noteholders should seek 
independent advice as to their tax position. 
The descriptions below are intended as a basic overview of certain withholding tax consequences in 
relation to the ownership of the Notes under current French tax law that may be relevant to Noteholders 
which (i) do not concurrently hold shares of the Issuer and (ii) are not otherwise affiliated with the 
Issuer within the meaning of Article 39, 12 of the French Code général des impôts (the French Tax Code 
– the FTC). This overview is based on the tax laws and regulations of France, as currently in force and 
applied by the French tax authorities, all of which are subject to change or to different interpretation 
with possible retroactive effect. This overview is for general information and does not purport to address 
all French tax considerations that may be relevant to specific Noteholders in light of their particular 
situation. Persons who are in any doubt as to their tax position should consult a professional tax adviser. 
Automatic exchange of tax information (“AETI”) 
The Organisation for Economic Co-operation and Development (“OECD”) has developed a common 
reporting standard (“CRS”) to achieve a comprehensive and multilateral automatic exchange of 
information (“AEOI”) on a global basis. On 9 December 2014, Council Directive 2014/107/EU 
amending Directive 2011/16/EU as regards mandatory automatic exchange of information in the field 
of taxation (the “Euro-CRS Directive”) was adopted in order to implement the CRS among the member 
states of the European Union.  
Under the CRS Law, the exchange of information will be applied by 30 September of each year for 
information related to the preceding calendar year. Under the Euro-CRS Directive, the AEOI must be 
applied by 30 September of each year to the local tax authorities of the Member States for the data 
relating to the preceding calendar year. In addition, France signed the OECD's multilateral competent 
authority agreement (“Multilateral Agreement”) to automatically exchange information under the 
CRS. The Multilateral Agreement aims to implement the CRS among non-Member States; it requires 
agreements on a country-by-country basis.  
DAC 6 Directive  
On 25 May 2018, the Council of the European Union adopted the Council Directive 2018/822/EU (the 
“DAC 6 Directive”) introducing mandatory disclosure rules for intermediaries. Depending on the 
transposition of the DAC 6 Directive in the domestic laws, the Notes may qualify as "reportable 
arrangements" based on certain criteria defined by the DAC 6 Directive and may be subject to disclosure 
to the tax authorities. 
The French and the other EU Member States' tax authorities can exchange the information automatically 
within the EU through a centralised database open to all EU Member States' tax authorities and the EU 
Commission. 
Withholding tax 
Payments of interest and other income made by the Issuer with respect to Notes will not be subject to 
the withholding tax provided by Article 125 A, III of the FTC unless such payments are made outside 
France in a non-cooperative State or territory (Etat ou territoire non coopératif) within the meaning of 
Article 238-0 A of the FTC (a Non-Cooperative State) other than those mentioned in 2° of 2 bis of 
Article 238-0 A of the FTC. If such payments under the Notes are made outside France in a Non-
Cooperative State other than those mentioned in 2° of 2 bis of Article 238-0 A of the FTC, a 75 per cent. 
withholding tax will be applicable (regardless of the tax residence of the holders of the Notes and subject 
to exceptions, certain of which are set out below and to the provisions of any applicable double tax 
treaty) by virtue of Article 125 A, III of the FTC. The list of Non-Cooperative States is published by a 
ministerial executive order and is generally updated at least once a year. 
Furthermore, according to Article 238 A of the FTC, interest and other income on such Notes may not 
be deductible from the Issuer’s taxable income, if they are paid or accrued to persons established or 
domiciled in a Non-Cooperative State or paid to a bank account opened in a financial institution located

--- Page 373 ---
373 
in such a Non-Cooperative State (the Deductibility Exclusion). Under certain conditions, any such non-
deductible interest and other income may be recharacterised as constructive dividends pursuant to 
Articles 109 et seq. of the FTC, in which case such non-deductible interest and other income may be 
subject to the withholding tax provided by Article 119 bis, 2 of the FTC, at a rate of (i) 12.8 per cent. 
for payments benefiting individuals who are not French tax residents, (ii) 25 per cent. for payments 
benefiting legal persons who are not French tax residents, or (iii) 75 per cent. for payments made outside 
France in a Non-Cooperative State other than those mentioned in 2° of 2 bis of Article 238-0 A of the 
FTC (subject to certain exceptions and the provisions of any applicable double tax treaty). 
Notwithstanding the foregoing, neither the 75 per cent. withholding tax provided by Article 125 A, III 
of the FTC nor the Deductibility Exclusion will apply in respect of the Notes solely by reason of the 
relevant payments being made to persons domiciled or established in a Non-Cooperative State or paid 
in such a Non-Cooperative State if the Issuer can prove that (i) the main purpose and effect of the issue 
of Notes were not that of allowing the payments of interest or other income to be made in a Non-
Cooperative State (the Exception) other than those mentioned in 2° of 2 bis of Article 238-0 A of the 
FTC when it relates to Article 119 bis, 2 of the FTC and (ii) in respect of the Deductibility Exclusion 
that (a) it benefits from the Exception, and (b) that the relevant interest or other incomes relate to genuine 
transactions and are not in an abnormal or exaggerated amount. Pursuant to the official guidelines issued 
by the French tax authorities (BOI-INT-DG-20-50-30-14/06/2022, no. 150), an issue of Notes will 
benefit from the Exception without the Issuer having to provide any proof of the purpose and effect of 
such issue of Notes, if such Notes are: 
(a) 
offered by means of a public offer within the meaning of Article L.411-1 of the French Code 
monétaire et financier or pursuant to an equivalent offer in a State other than a Non-Cooperative 
State. For this purpose, an "equivalent offer" means any offer requiring the registration or 
submission of an offer document by or with a foreign securities market authority; or 
(b) 
admitted to trading on a French or foreign regulated market or multilateral securities trading 
system provided that such market or system is not located in a Non-Cooperative State, and the 
operation of such market is carried out by a market operator or an investment services provider, 
or by such other similar foreign entity, provided further that such market operator, investment 
services provider or entity is not located in a Non-Cooperative State; or  
(c) 
admitted, at the time of their issue, to the operations of a central depositary or of a securities 
delivery and payments systems operator within the meaning of Article L.561-2 of the French 
Code monétaire et financier, or of one or more similar foreign depositaries or operators provided 
that such depositary or operator is not located in a Non-Cooperative State. 
Payments made to French tax resident individuals 
Pursuant to Article 125 A, I of the FTC, subject to certain exceptions, interest and assimilated income 
received by individuals who are fiscally domiciled (domiciliés fiscalement) in France are subject to a 
12.8 per cent. withholding tax, which is deductible from their personal income tax liability in respect of 
the year in which the payment has been made. Social contributions (CSG, CRDS and solidarity levy) 
are also levied by way of withholding at an aggregate rate of 17.2 per cent. on interest and assimilated 
income paid to individuals who are fiscally domiciled (domiciliés fiscalement) in France. 
Transfer tax and other taxes 
The following may be relevant in connection with Notes which may be settled or redeemed by way of 
physical delivery of (i) certain French listed shares (or certain assimilated securities) or (ii) securities 
representing such listed shares (or assimilated securities). 
Pursuant to Article 235 ter ZD of the French Code général des impôts, a financial transaction tax (the 
French FTT) is applicable to any acquisition for consideration, resulting in a transfer of ownership, of 
(i) an equity security (titre de capital) as defined by Article L.212-1 A of the French Code monétaire et 
financier or an assimilated equity security (titre de capital assimilé) as defined by Article L.211-41 of 
the French Code monétaire et financier, admitted to trading on a recognised stock exchange where the 
said security is issued by a company whose registered office is located in France and whose market

--- Page 374 ---
374 
capitalisation exceeds 1 billion Euros on 1 December of the year preceding the year in which the 
imposition occurs (the French Shares) or (ii) a security (titre) representing the French Shares 
(irrespective of the location of the registered office of the issuer of such security). The French FTT could 
apply in certain circumstances to the acquisition of French Shares (or securities representing the French 
Shares) in connection with the exercise, settlement or redemption of any Notes. 
There are a number of exemptions from the French FTT and investors should consult their counsel to 
identify whether they can benefit from them. 
The rate of the French FTT is 0.3 per cent. of the acquisition value of the French Shares (or securities 
representing the French Shares).  
If the French FTT applies to an acquisition of shares, this transaction is exempt from transfer taxes 
(droits de mutation à titre onéreux) which generally apply at a rate of 0.1 per cent. to the sale of shares 
issued by a company whose registered office is located in France, provided that in case of shares listed 
on a recognised stock exchange, transfer taxes are due only if the transfer is evidenced by a written deed 
or agreement.

--- Page 375 ---
375 
SUBSCRIPTION AND SALE 
The Dealers, in an amended and restated programme agreement (the Programme Agreement, which 
expression shall include such agreement as it may be amended, supplemented or restated from time to 
time) dated 12 July 2023, have agreed with the Issuer upon a basis which they or any of them may from 
time to time agree to purchase Notes. Any such agreement will extend to those matters stated under 
"Form of the Notes" and "Terms and Conditions of the Notes". In the Programme Agreement, the Issuer 
has agreed, inter alia, to reimburse the Dealers for certain of their expenses in connection with the 
establishment of the Programme and any issue of Notes under the Programme and to indemnify them 
against certain liabilities. 
The following selling restrictions may be modified by the Issuer and the relevant Dealers, including 
following a change in the relevant law, regulation or directive. Any such modification will be set out in 
the Final Terms issued in respect of the Tranche to which it is related or in a supplement to this Base 
Prospectus. 
European Economic Area  
Unless the Final Terms in respect of any Notes specifies the "Prohibition of Sales to EEA Retail 
Investors" as "Not Applicable", each Dealer has represented and agreed, and each further Dealer 
appointed under the Programme will be required to represent and agree, that it has not offered, sold or 
otherwise made available and will not offer, sell or otherwise make available any Notes which are the 
subject of the offering contemplated by this Base Prospectus as completed by the Final Terms in relation 
thereto to any retail investor in the European Economic Area. For the purposes of this provision: 
(a) 
the expression "retail investor" means a person who is one (or more) of the following: 
(i) 
a retail client as defined in point (11) of Article 4(1) of MiFID II; or 
(ii) 
a customer within the meaning of Directive 2016/97/EU, where that customer would 
not qualify as a professional client as defined in point (10) of Article 4(1) of MiFID II; 
or 
(iii) 
not a qualified investor as defined in Article 2(e) of the Prospectus Regulation; and 
(b) 
the expression an "offer" includes the communication in any form and by any means of sufficient 
information on the terms of the offer and the Notes to be offered so as to enable an investor to 
decide to purchase or subscribe for the Notes. 
If the Final Terms in respect of any Notes specifies "Prohibition of Sales to EEA Retail Investors" as 
"Not Applicable" in relation to each Member State of the European Economic Area (each a Relevant 
State), each Dealer has represented and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme 
will be required to represent and agree that it has not made and will not make an offer of Notes which 
are the subject of the offering contemplated by this Base Prospectus as completed by the Final Terms in 
relation thereto to the public in that Relevant State except that it may make an offer of Notes to the 
public in that Relevant State: 
(a) 
if the Final Terms in relation to the Notes specify that an offer of those Notes may be made other 
than pursuant to article 1(4) and/or article 3(2) of the Prospectus Regulation in that Relevant 
State (a Non-Exempt Offer), following the date of publication of a prospectus in relation to 
such Notes which has been approved by the competent authority in that Relevant State or, where 
appropriate, approved in another Relevant State and notified to the competent authority in that 
Relevant State, provided that any such prospectus has subsequently been completed by the final 
terms contemplating such Non-Exempt Offer, in accordance with the Prospectus Regulation in 
the period beginning and ending on the dates specified in such Prospectus or Final Terms, as 
applicable, and the Issuer has consented in writing to its use for the purpose of the Non-Exempt 
Offer; 
(b) 
at any time to any legal entity which is a qualified investor as defined in the Prospectus 
Regulation;

--- Page 376 ---
376 
(c) 
at any time to fewer than 150, natural or legal persons (other than qualified investors as defined 
in the Prospectus Regulation) subject to obtaining the prior consent of the relevant Dealer or 
Dealers nominated by the Issuer for any such offer; or 
(d) 
at any time in any other circumstances falling within Article 1(4) of the Prospectus Regulation, 
provided that no such offer of Notes referred to in paragraphs (b) to (d) above shall require the Issuer or 
any Dealer to publish a prospectus pursuant to Article 3 of the Prospectus Regulation or supplement a 
prospectus pursuant to Article 23 of the Prospectus Regulation. 
For the purposes of this provision, the expression an "offer of Notes to the public" in relation to any 
Notes in any Relevant State means the communication in any form and by any means of sufficient 
information on the terms of the offer and the Notes to be offered so as to enable an investor to decide to 
purchase or subscribe for the Notes, and the expression "Prospectus Regulation" means Regulation (EU) 
2017/1129, as amended. 
United Kingdom 
Unless the Final Terms in respect of any Notes specifies the "Prohibition of Sales to UK Retail Investors" 
as "Not Applicable", each Dealer has represented and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under 
the Programme will be required to represent and agree, that it has not offered, sold or otherwise made 
available and will not offer, sell or otherwise make available any Notes which are the subject of the 
offering contemplated by this Base Prospectus as completed by the Final Terms in relation thereto to 
any retail investor in the United Kingdom.  
Each Dealer has represented and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will 
be required to represent and agree, that it has not made and will not make an offer of Notes which are 
the subject of the offering contemplated by this Base Prospectus as completed by the final terms in 
relation thereto to the public in the United Kingdom except that it may make an offer of such Notes to 
the public in the United Kingdom: 
(A) 
at any time to any legal entity which is a qualified investor as defined in Article 2 of UK 
Prospectus Regulation; 
(B) 
at any time to fewer than 150 natural or legal persons (other than qualified investors as defined 
in Article 2 of UK Prospectus Regulation) in the United Kingdom subject to obtaining the prior 
consent of the relevant Dealer or Dealers nominated by the Issuer for any such offer; or 
(C) 
at any time in any other circumstances falling within section 86 of the FSMA, 
provided that no such offer of Notes referred to in (A) to (C) above shall require the Issuers or any 
Dealer to publish a prospectus pursuant to section 85 of the FSMA or supplement a prospectus pursuant 
to Article 23 of UK Prospectus Regulation. 
Each Dealer has represented and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will 
be required to represent and agree, that: 
− 
it has only communicated or caused to be communicated and will only communicate or cause 
to be communicated an invitation or inducement to engage in investment activity (within the meaning 
of Section 21 of the FSMA) received by it in connection with the issue or sale of any Notes in 
circumstances in which Section 21(1) of the FSMA would not, if it was not an authorised person, apply 
to the Issuer; and 
− 
it has complied and will comply with all applicable provisions of the FSMA with respect to 
anything done by it in relation to any Notes in, from or otherwise involving the United Kingdom. 
For the purposes of this provision:

--- Page 377 ---
377 
(a) 
the expression "retail investor" means a person who is one (or more) of the following: 
(i) 
a retail client, as defined in point (8) of Article 2 of Regulation (EU) No 2017/565 as it 
forms part of domestic law by virtue of the European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018 
(EUWA); or 
(ii) 
a customer within the meaning of the provisions of the Financial Services and Markets 
Act 2000 (FSMA) and any rules or regulations made under the FSMA to implement 
Directive (EU) 2016/97, where that customer would not qualify as a professional client, 
as defined in point (8) of Article 2(1) of Regulation (EU) No 600/2014 as it forms part 
of domestic law by virtue of the EUWA; or 
(iii) 
not a qualified investor as defined in Article 2 of Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 as it forms 
part of domestic law by virtue of the EUWA (the UK Prospectus Regulation); and 
(b) 
 the expression "an offer" includes the communication in any form and by any means of 
sufficient information on the terms of the offer and the Notes to be offered so as to enable an 
investor to decide to purchase or subscribe for the Notes.  
Monaco 
The Notes may not be offered or sold, directly or indirectly, to the public in Monaco other than by a 
Monaco duly authorised intermediary acting as a professional institutional investor which has such 
knowledge and experience in financial and business matters as to be capable of evaluating the risks and 
merits of an investment in the Notes. Consequently, this Base Prospectus may only be communicated to 
banks duly licensed by the Autorité de Contrôle Prudentiel et de Résolution and fully licensed portfolio 
management companies by virtue of Law n° 1.144 of July 26, 1991 and Law n° 1.338 of September 7, 
2007, as amended by Law n° 1.515 of December 23rd, 2021 and by Law n° 1.529 of July 29th, 2022; 
all such entities must be duly licensed duly licensed by the Commission de Contrôle des Activités 
Financières.  
Such institutional investor is perfectly fluent in English and waives the right to a French version of this 
Base Prospectus (les destinataires du présent document reconnaissent être à même d’en prendre 
connaissance en langue anglaise et renonce expressément à une traduction française). 
Switzerland 
The Notes may not be publicly offered directly or indirectly, in, into or from Switzerland within the 
meaning of the Swiss Financial Services Act (FinSA) and will not be admitted to trading on any 
exchange or other trading venue in Switzerland. Neither this Base Prospectus nor any other offering or 
marketing material relating to the Notes constitutes a prospectus as such term is understood pursuant to 
the FinSA and neither this Base Prospectus nor any other offering or marketing material relating to the 
Notes may be publicly distributed or otherwise made publicly available in Switzerland. 
 
If Notes qualifying as debt instruments with a "derivative character" (as such expression is understood 
under FinSA) are offered to private clients within the meaning of FinSA in Switzerland a key 
information document under Article 58 FinSA (Basisinformationsblatt für Finanzinstrumente) or Article 
59(2) FinSA in respect of such Notes must be prepared and published. According to Article 58(2) FinSA, 
no key information document is required if Notes are acquired for private clients under an asset 
management agreement. For this purpose, a private client means a person who is not one (or more) of 
the following: (i) a professional client as defined in Article 4(3) FinSA (not having opted-in on the basis 
of Article 5(5) FinSA) or Article 5(1) FinSA; or (ii) an institutional client as defined in Article 4(4) 
FinSA; or (iii) a private client with an asset management agreement according to Article 58(2) FinSA. 
For these purposes "offer" refers to the interpretation of such term in Article 58 FinSA. 
 
The Notes do not constitute a participation in a collective investment scheme in the meaning of Swiss 
Collective Investment Schemes Act (CISA) and they are neither subject to approval nor subject to

--- Page 378 ---
378 
supervision by the Swiss Financial Markets Supervisory Authority FINMA (FINMA). Investors in the 
Notes do not benefit from protection under CISA or supervision by FINMA or any other regulatory 
authority in Switzerland. 
 
United States 
The Notes have not been and will not be registered under the U.S. Securities Act of 1933, as amended 
(the Securities Act), or with any securities regulatory authority of any state or other jurisdiction of the 
United States, and may not be offered or sold or delivered directly or indirectly within the United States 
or to, or for the account or benefit of, U.S. persons except in accordance with Regulation S under the 
Securities Act or pursuant to an exemption from, or in a transaction not subject to, the registration 
requirements of the Securities Act, provided, in each case, that offer or sale will also be in compliance 
with applicable United States Treasury regulations.  
The Notes are subject to U.S. tax law requirements and may not be offered, sold or delivered within the 
United States or its possessions or to a United States person, except in certain transactions permitted by 
U.S. tax regulations. Terms used in this paragraph have the meanings given to them by the U.S. Internal 
Revenue Code and United States Treasury regulations thereunder.  
Each Dealer has represented and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will 
be required to represent and agree that, except as permitted by the Programme Agreement, it has not 
offered, sold or delivered and will not offer, sell or deliver any Notes within the United States or to, or 
for the account or benefit of, U.S. persons (i) as part of their distribution at any time and (ii) otherwise 
until 40 days after the later of commencement of the offering of the Notes or the date of issue of the 
Notes (the Restricted Period) and accordingly, neither such Dealer nor the Issuer, its affiliates nor any 
person acting on its or their behalf has engaged or will engage in any directed selling efforts (as such 
term is used in Regulation S) with respect to the Notes and it and its affiliates and any person acting on 
its or their behalf has complied with and will comply with the offering restriction requirements of 
Regulation S under the Securities Act to the extent applicable. Each Dealer has also agreed that it will 
have sent to each dealer to which it sells Notes during the Restricted Period a confirmation or other 
notice setting forth the restrictions on offers and sales of the Notes within the United States or to, or for 
the account or benefit of, U.S. persons. Terms used in the preceding paragraph and in this paragraph 
have the meanings given to them by Regulation S under the Securities Act. 
In addition, until 40 days after the commencement of the offer of the Notes of any Tranche, an offer or 
sale of such Notes within the United States by any Dealer (whether or not participating in the offering) 
may violate the registration requirements of the Securities Act unless made pursuant to an exemption 
from registration thereunder. 
In respect of Notes offered in accordance with Treas. Reg. Section 1.1635(c)(2)(i)(D) (or any successor 
U.S. Treasury regulation section, including without limitation, successor regulations issued in 
accordance with IRS Notice 201220 or otherwise in connection with the United States Hiring Incentives 
to Restore Employment Act of 2010) (the D Rules), each Dealer has represented and agreed and each 
further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be required to represent and agree that: 
(a) 
except to the extent permitted under Section 163(f)(2)(B) and the accompanying regulations (or 
any successor U.S. Treasury regulation section, including without limitation, successor 
regulations issued in accordance with IRS Notice 201220 or otherwise in connection with the 
United States Hiring Incentives to Restore Employment Act of 2010), (a) it has not offered or 
sold, and during the restricted period it will not offer or sell, Notes to a person who is within the 
United States or its possessions or to a United States person, and (b) it has not delivered and 
will not deliver within the United States or its possessions Definitive Notes that are sold during 
the restricted period;  
(b) 
it has and throughout the restricted period will have in effect procedures reasonably designed to 
ensure that its employees or agents that are directly engaged in selling Notes are aware that such 
Notes may not be offered or sold during the restricted period to a person who is within the 
United States or its possessions or to a United States person, except as permitted in the D Rules;

--- Page 379 ---
379 
(c) 
if it is a United States person, it is acquiring the Notes for the purposes of resale in connection 
with their original issuance and if it retains Notes for its own account, it will only do so in 
accordance with the requirements of U.S. Treas. Reg. 1.1635(c)(2)(i)(D)(6) (or any successor 
U.S. Treasury regulation section, including without limitation, successor regulations issued in 
accordance with IRS Notice 201220 or otherwise in connection with the United States Hiring 
Incentives to Restore Employment Act of 2010); and  
(d) 
with respect to each distributor that acquires Notes for the purposes of offering and selling such 
Notes during the restricted period, it repeats the representations and agreements in clauses (a), 
(b) and (c) on its behalf. 
Terms used in this paragraph have the meanings given to them by the U.S. Internal Revenue Code of 
1986 and regulations thereunder.  
In respect of Notes issued in accordance with Treas. Reg. 1.1635(c)(2)(i)(C) (or any successor U.S. 
Treasury regulation section, including without limitation, successor regulations issued in accordance 
with IRS Notice 201220 or otherwise in connection with the United States Hiring Incentives to Restore 
Employment Act of 2010) (the C Rules), each Dealer has represented and agreed, and each further 
Dealer appointed under the Programme will be required to represent and agree that in connection with 
the original issuance of the Notes: 
(a) 
it has not offered, sold or delivered, and will not offer, sell or deliver, directly or indirectly, 
Notes within the United States or its possessions in connection with their original issuance;  
(b) 
it has not communicated, and will not communicate, directly or indirectly, with a prospective 
purchaser if it or such purchaser is within the United States or its possessions, and it has not 
involved and will not involve its employees, agents or offices within the United States or its 
possessions in the offer and sale of the Notes;  
(c) 
with respect to each distributor, that acquires Notes for the purposes of offering and selling such 
Notes, it repeats the representations and agreements in clauses (a) and (b) on its behalf. 
Terms used in this paragraph have the meanings given to them by the U.S. Internal Revenue Code of 
1986 and regulations thereunder.  
Each issue of Rate Linked Notes, Index Linked Notes, Inflation Linked Notes, Share Linked Notes, 
Commodity Linked Notes, ETF Linked Notes and Fund Linked Notes will be subject to such additional 
U.S. selling restrictions as the Issuer and the relevant Dealer or Dealers shall agree as a term of the issue 
and purchase of such Notes, which additional selling restrictions shall be set out in the applicable Final 
Terms. Each relevant Dealer has agreed and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will 
be required to agree that it will offer, sell or deliver such Notes only in compliance with such additional 
U.S. selling restrictions. 
General 
Each Dealer has agreed and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be required to 
agree that it will comply with all applicable securities laws and regulations in force in any jurisdiction 
in which it purchases, offers, sells or delivers Notes or possesses or distributes this Base Prospectus and 
will obtain any consent, approval or permission required by it for the purchase, offer, sale or delivery 
by it of Notes under the laws and regulations in force in any jurisdiction to which it is subject or in which 
it makes such purchases, offers, sales or deliveries, and neither the Issuer nor any other Dealer shall 
have any responsibility therefor. 
Neither the Issuer nor any of the Dealers represents that Notes may at any time lawfully be sold in 
compliance with any applicable registration or other requirements in any jurisdiction, or pursuant to any 
exemption available thereunder, or assumes any responsibility for facilitating such sale. 
With regard to each Tranche, the relevant Dealer(s) will be required to comply with such other additional 
restrictions as the Issuer and the relevant Dealer(s) shall agree and as shall be set out in the applicable 
Final Terms.

--- Page 380 ---
380

--- Page 381 ---
381 
GENERAL INFORMATION 
CSSF approbation and admission to trading of the Notes issued under the Programme 
This Base Prospectus has been approved by the CSSF in Luxembourg in its capacity as competent 
authority pursuant to the Prospectus Regulation. The CSSF only approves this Base Prospectus as 
meeting the standards of completeness, comprehensibility and consistency imposed by the Prospectus 
Regulation. Such approval shall not be considered as an endorsement of the Issuer or of the quality of 
the Notes which are the subject of this Base Prospectus. Investors should make their own assessment as 
to the suitability of investing in the Notes. 
This Base Prospectus is valid until 12 July 2024. The obligation to supplement the Base Prospectus in 
the event of significant new factors, material mistakes or material inaccuracies does not apply when the 
Base Prospectus is no longer valid. 
Application may be made for Notes issued under the Programme during a period of 12 months from the 
date of this Base Prospectus to be listed and admitted to trading on the Luxembourg Stock Exchange or 
any other Regulated Market. 
Corporate authorisations 
The Issuer has obtained all necessary corporate and other consents, approvals and authorisations in 
France in connection with the establishment and update of the Programme. 
Any drawdown of Notes under the Programme, to the extent that such Notes constitute obligations, 
requires the prior authorisation of the Management Board (Directoire) of the Issuer which may delegate 
its powers to any person. 
Any drawdown of Notes under the Programme, to the extent that such Notes do not constitute 
obligations, falls within the general powers of the Président of the Management Board (Directoire) of 
the Issuer or a directeur général of the Issuer. 
Documents Available 
For a period of 12 months following the date of this Base Prospectus, the following documents will be 
available on the website of the Issuer (https://www.edmond-de-rothschild.com/en/Pages/Information-
reglementees.aspx): 
(a) 
the by-laws (statuts) of the Issuer;  
(b) 
all reports, letters and other documents, valuations and statements prepared by any expert at the 
Issuer's request any part of which is included or referred to in this Base Prospectus. 
(c) 
the Final Terms for Notes that are admitted to trading on the Luxembourg Stock Exchange or 
any other Regulated Market in the EEA; 
(d) 
this Base Prospectus, together with any supplement to this Base Prospectus or further Base 
Prospectus; and 
(e) 
the documents incorporated by reference in this Base Prospectus. 
Investors should consult the Issuer should they require a copy of the 2000 ISDA Definitions, the 2006 
ISDA Definitions or the 2021 ISDA Definitions. 
 
Clearing Systems 
The Notes have been accepted for clearance through Euroclear and Clearstream. The appropriate 
common code and International Securities Identifying Number (ISIN) for each Tranche allocated by 
Euroclear and Clearstream will be specified in the relevant Final Terms. If the Notes are to clear through

--- Page 382 ---
382 
an additional or alternative clearing system (including Euroclear France) the appropriate information 
will be specified in the relevant Final Terms. 
The address of Euroclear is 1 boulevard du Roi Albert II, 1210 Bruxelles, Belgium and the address of 
Clearstream is 42 avenue John Fitzgerald Kennedy, L-1855 Luxembourg, Grand-Duchy of 
Luxembourg. 
Auditors 
Cabinet Grant Thornton Audit (Solange Aïache) and PricewaterhouseCoopers Audit SA (Philippe 
Chevalier) are the Statutory Auditors of the Issuer for the year ended 31 December 2021 and 31 
December 2022. 
Cabinet Grant Thornton Audit and PricewaterhouseCoopers Audit SA have given their consent to the 
insertion hereby of their report relating to the consolidated financial accounts of the Issuer, for the year 
ended 31 December 2021 and 31 December 2022. 
The auditors are subject to the regulation of the following professional association La Compagnie 
Nationale des Commissaires aux Comptes. 
Benchmarks Regulation 
Amounts payable under the Notes may be calculated by reference to one or more "benchmarks" for the 
purposes of the Benchmark Regulation. In the case of such Notes, a statement will be included in the 
applicable Final Terms as to whether or not the relevant administrator of the "benchmark" is included 
in ESMA's register of administrators under Article 36 of the Benchmarks Regulation. Transitional 
provisions in the Benchmarks Regulations may have the result that the administrator of a particular 
benchmark is not required to appear in the register of administrators and benchmarks at the date of the 
relevant Final Terms. The registration status of any administrator under the Benchmarks Regulation is 
a matter of public record and, save where required by applicable law, the relevant Issuer does not intend 
to update the relevant Final Terms to reflect any change in the registration status of the administrator. 
Conditions for Determining Price 
The price and amount of Notes to be issued under the Programme will be determined by the Issuer and 
each relevant Purchaser at the time of issue in accordance with prevailing market conditions. 
Yield 
In relation to any Fixed Rate Notes, an indication of yield in respect of such Notes will be specified in 
the applicable Final Terms. The yield is calculated at the Issue Date of the Notes on the basis of the 
relevant Issue Price. The yield indicated will be calculated as the yield to maturity as at the Issue Date 
of the Notes and will not be an indication of future yield. 
Significant or Material Adverse Change 
Except as disclosed in the Base Prospectus, there has been no significant change in the financial position 
or financial performance of the Issuer since 31 December 2022 and no material adverse change in the 
prospects of the Issuer since 31 December 2022. 
Auditing of historical financial information 
For the financial years ended on 31 December 2022 and 31 December 2021, the accounts were audited, 
without qualification. 
Litigation 
There are no governmental, legal or arbitration proceedings during twelve months prior to the date of 
this Base Prospectus (including any such proceeding which are pending or threatened of which the Issuer 
is aware) which may have, or have had in the recent past, significant effects on the Issuer and/or on the 
Group's financial position or profitability.

--- Page 383 ---
383 
Financial Services and Markets Act 2000 (Regulated Activities) Order 2001 
The Issuer is not an authorised institution or a European authorised institution (as such terms are defined 
in the Financial Services and Markets Act 2000) and repayment of the principal and payment of the 
interest or premium in connection with such Notes will not be guaranteed. 
Information concerning the underlying 
In respect of derivatives securities as defined in Article 20.2 of Commission Delegated Regulation no. 
2019/980, the Final Terms will indicate whether or not the Issuer intends to provide post-issuance 
information concerning the underlying. If the Issuer intends to report such information, the Final Terms 
will specify what information will be reported and where such information can be obtained. 
 
Indices underlying the Indexed Linked Notes will not include proprietary indices composed by the Issuer 
or any of its affiliates. 
Legal Entity Identifier 
The legal entity identifier (LEI) of the Issuer is 9695002JOWSRCLLLNY11.

--- Page 384 ---
384 
PERSONS RESPONSIBLE FOR THE INFORMATION GIVEN IN THE PROSPECTUS 
The Issuer (the Responsible Person) accepts responsibility for the information contained in this Base 
Prospectus. To the best knowledge of the Issuer (having taken all reasonable care to ensure that such is 
the case), the information contained in this Base Prospectus is in accordance with the facts and does not 
omit anything likely to affect the import of such information.  
 
Edmond de Rothschild (France) 
47, rue du Faubourg Saint-Honoré 
75008 Paris 
Duly represented by: 
 
Fabrice Coille, member of the Executive Board and Deputy CEO

--- Page 385 ---
385 
 
 
THE ISSUER 
Edmond de Rothschild (France) 
47 rue du Faubourg Saint-Honoré 
75008 Paris, France 
CALCULATION AGENT 
Edmond de Rothschild (France) 
47 rue du Faubourg Saint-Honoré 
75008 Paris, France 
PAYING AGENTS 
Banque Internationale à Luxembourg, société anonyme 
69 route d’Esch 
L-2953 Luxembourg 
Edmond de Rothschild (Europe) 
4 rue Robert Stumper, 
L-2557 Luxembourg 
LEGAL ADVISERS 
To the Dealers as to English and French law 
Hogan Lovells (Paris) LLP 
17 Avenue Matignon 
75008 Paris, France 
AUDITORS 
Statutory Auditors 
Cabinet Grant Thornton Audit  
29 rue du Pont  
92200 Neuilly-sur-Seine, France 
PricewaterhouseCoopers Audit SA  
Crystal Park 
63 rue de Villiers 
92200 Neuilly-sur-Seine, France

--- Page 386 ---
386 
DEALERS 
Edmond de Rothschild (France) 
47 rue du Faubourg Saint-Honoré 
75008 Paris, France 
Edmond de Rothschild (Europe) 
4 rue Robert Stumper, 
L-2557 Luxembourg 
 
ARRANGER 
Edmond de Rothschild (France) 
47 rue du Faubourg Saint-Honoré 
75008 Paris, France 
 
LUXEMBOURG LISTING AGENT 
Banque Internationale à Luxembourg, société anonyme 
69 route d’Esch 
L-2953 Luxembourg