--- Page 1 ---
BASE PROSPECTUS 
 
 
EDP – ENERGIAS DE PORTUGAL, S.A. 
(incorporated with limited liability in the Portuguese Republic) 
EDP FINANCE B.V. 
(incorporated with limited liability in the Netherlands 
and having its statutory seat in Amsterdam) 
€13,500,000,000 
Programme for the Issuance of Debt Instruments 
 
Under this €13,500,000,000 Programme for the Issuance of Debt Instruments (the "Programme"), EDP – Energias de Portugal, S.A. 
("EDP") and EDP Finance B.V. ("EDP B.V." and together with EDP, the "Issuers" and each an "Issuer") may from time to time 
issue instruments (the "Instruments") as agreed between the relevant Issuer and the relevant Dealer (as defined below). 
The Instruments issued by EDP B.V. will not be guaranteed by EDP but EDP B.V. has the benefit of the Keep Well Agreement 
executed by EDP as more fully described herein under "Relationship of EDP B.V. With EDP". 
The maximum aggregate nominal amount of all Instruments from time to time outstanding under the Programme will not exceed 
€13,500,000,000 (or its equivalent in other currencies calculated as described in the Dealership Agreement described herein), subject 
to increase as described herein. 
The Instruments may be issued on a continuing basis to one or more of the Dealers party to the amended and restated Dealership 
Agreement dated 13 September 2021 and any additional Dealer appointed under the Programme from time to time by the Issuers 
(each a "Dealer" and together the "Dealers"), which appointment may be for a specific issue or on an ongoing basis. References in 
this Base Prospectus to the "relevant Dealer" shall, in the case of an issue of Instruments being (or intended to be) subscribed by 
more than one Dealer, be to all Dealers agreeing to subscribe such Instruments. 
An investment in Instruments issued under the Programme involves certain risks. For a discussion of these risks see "Risk Factors". 
This Base Prospectus has been approved by the Central Bank of Ireland (the "Central Bank"), as competent authority under 
Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 (the "Prospectus Regulation"). This Base Prospectus is valid within twelve months from the date of this 
Base Prospectus. The obligation to supplement this Base Prospectus in the event of significant new factors, material mistakes or 
material inaccuracies will not apply when the Base Prospectus is no longer valid. The Central Bank only approves this Base Prospectus 
as meeting the standards of completeness, comprehensibility and consistency imposed by the Prospectus Regulation. Such approval 
should not be considered as an endorsement of the Issuers nor as an endorsement of the quality of the Instruments that are the subject 
of the Base Prospectus. 
Investors should make their own assessment as to the suitability of investing in the Instruments. Such approval relates only to 
Instruments which are to be admitted to trading on a regulated market for the purposes of Directive 2014/65/EU (as amended, "MiFID 
II") and/or which are to be offered to the public in any Member State of the European Economic Area. Application will be made to 
the Irish Stock Exchange plc trading as Euronext Dublin ("Euronext Dublin") for Instruments issued under the Programme within 
12 months of this Base Prospectus to be admitted to the official list of Euronext Dublin (the "Official List") and trading on its regulated 
market. 
References in this Base Prospectus to the Instruments being "listed" (and all related references) shall mean that the Instruments have 
been admitted to the Official List and to trading on the regulated market of Euronext Dublin. The Programme also permits Instruments 
to be issued on the basis that they will not be admitted to listing, trading and/or quotation by any competent authority, stock exchange 
and/or quotation system or will be admitted to listing, trading and/or quotation by such other or further competent authorities, stock 
exchanges and/or quotation systems as may be agreed with the Issuer. The regulated market of Euronext Dublin is a regulated market 
for the purposes of MiFiD II. Notice of the aggregate nominal amount of Instruments, interest (if any) payable in respect of 
Instruments, the issue price of Instruments and certain other information which is applicable to each Tranche (as defined under "Terms 
and Conditions of the Instruments") of Instruments will be set out in the final terms (the "Final Terms") which, with respect to all 
Instruments to be admitted to the Official List, will be filed with the Central Bank. Copies of Final Terms in relation to Instruments 
to be admitted to the Official List and admitted to trading on Euronext Dublin will also be published on the website of Euronext Dublin 
(https://live.euronext.com/). Any website referred to in this document does not form part of this Base Prospectus and has not been 
scrutinised or approved by the Central Bank. 
The Instruments have not been and will not be registered under the U.S. Securities Act of 1933, as amended (the "Securities Act") or 
any U.S. State securities laws and may not be offered or sold in the United States or to, or for the account or the benefit of, U.S. 
persons as defined in Regulation S under the Securities Act unless an exemption from the registration requirements of the Securities 
Act is available and in accordance with all applicable securities laws of any state of the United States and any other jurisdiction. 
Instruments issued under the Programme may be rated or unrated by any one or more of the ratings agencies referred to below. The 
rating of a particular Tranche of Instruments to be issued under the Programme may be specified in the applicable Final Terms. Each 
of EDP and EDP B.V. is rated Baa3 by Moody's France SAS ("Moody's"), BBB by Fitch Ratings Limited ("Fitch") and BBB by 
S&P Global Ratings Europe Limited ("S&P"). Instruments issued under the Programme are expected to be rated Baa3 by Moody's,

--- Page 2 ---
BBB by Fitch and BBB by S&P. A brief explanation of the meanings of these ratings is set out in "General Information". Where an 
issue of Instruments is rated, its rating will not necessarily be the same as the rating applicable to the Programme. A rating is not a 
recommendation to buy, sell or hold securities and may be subject to suspension, change or withdrawal at any time by the assigning 
rating agency. 
Each of Moody's and S&P is established in the European Union ("EU") and is registered under Regulation (EC) No. 1060/2009 (as 
amended) (the "CRA Regulation") and, as such, are included in the list of credit rating agencies published by the European Securities 
and Markets Authority on its website. Ratings issued by Moody's and S&P will be endorsed by Moody's Investors Service Limited 
and S&P Global Ratings UK Limited, respectively, in each case in accordance with Regulation (EC) No. 1060/2009 as it forms part 
of domestic law by virtue of the European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018 (the "EUWA") (the "UK CRA Regulation").  Fitch is 
established in the United Kingdom ("UK") and is registered under the UK CRA Regulation and, as such, is included in the list of 
registered credit rating agencies on the UK FCA's Financial Services Register. Ratings issued by Fitch will be endorsed by Fitch 
Ratings Ireland Ltd. in accordance with the CRA Regulation.  
 
Arranger for the Programme 
MORGAN STANLEY 
 
Dealers 
Banco Bilbao Vizcaya Argentaria, S.A. 
Banco Santander Totta, S.A. 
Barclays 
BNP PARIBAS 
Caixa - Banco de Investimento, S.A. 
CaixaBank 
Citigroup 
Deutsche Bank 
Haitong Bank, S.A. 
HSBC 
ING 
J.P. Morgan 
Millennium Investment Banking 
Mizuho Securities 
Morgan Stanley 
MUFG 
NatWest Markets 
Société Générale Corporate & Investment Banking 
 
13 September 2021

--- Page 3 ---
- i - 
 
 
IMPORTANT INFORMATION 
This Base Prospectus comprises a base prospectus for the purposes of Article 8 of the Prospectus 
Regulation. 
EDP B.V. as Issuer and EDP in its capacity as Issuer and as Keep Well Provider accept responsibility for 
the information contained in this Base Prospectus and the Final Terms for each Tranche of Instruments 
issued under the Programme. To the best of the knowledge of EDP and EDP B.V., the information contained 
in this Base Prospectus is in accordance with the facts and does not omit anything likely to affect its import. 
This Base Prospectus should be read and construed with any amendment or supplement thereto and with 
any other documents incorporated by reference (see "Documents Incorporated by Reference") and, in 
relation to any Tranche of Instruments which is the subject of Final Terms, such Final Terms should be 
read and construed on the basis that those documents are incorporated in and form part of this Base 
Prospectus. The language of the Base Prospectus is English. Certain legislative references and technical 
terms have been cited in their original language in order that the correct technical meaning may be ascribed 
to them under applicable law. 
Other than in relation to the documents which are deemed to be incorporated by reference (see "Documents 
Incorporated by Reference"), the information on the websites to which this Base Prospectus refers does not 
form part of this Base Prospectus. 
Each Issuer has confirmed to the Dealers and Deutsche Trustee Company Limited (the "Trustee") that this 
Base Prospectus is true, accurate and complete in all material respects and is not misleading; that the 
opinions and intentions expressed herein are honestly held and based on reasonable assumptions; that there 
are no other facts in relation to the information contained or incorporated by reference in this Base 
Prospectus the omission of which would, in the context of the Programme or the issue of Instruments, make 
any statement herein or opinions or intentions expressed herein misleading in any material respect; and that 
all reasonable enquiries have been made to verify the foregoing. Each Issuer has further confirmed to the 
Dealers and the Trustee that this Base Prospectus (together with the applicable Final Terms) contains all 
such information as may be required by all applicable laws, rules and regulations. 
No person has been authorised by EDP, EDP B.V., any of the Dealers or the Trustee to give any information 
or to make any representation not contained in or not consistent with this Base Prospectus or any other 
document entered into in relation to the Programme or any information supplied by EDP and/or EDP B.V. 
or such other information as is in the public domain and, if given or made, such information or 
representation should not be relied upon as having been authorised by the Issuers, any of the Dealers, or 
the Trustee. 
Third party information has been included in this Base Prospectus. Where such third party information has 
been used the source of such information has been specified. Each Issuer confirms that such information 
has been accurately reproduced and that, so far as it is aware and is able to ascertain from information 
published by the relevant source, no facts have been omitted which would render the reproduced 
information inaccurate or misleading. 
Neither the Dealers nor the Trustee have independently verified the information contained herein. 
Accordingly, no representation, warranty or undertaking, express or implied, is made and no responsibility 
or liability is accepted by the Dealers or the Trustee or any of their respective affiliates: (i) as to the accuracy 
or completeness of the information contained or incorporated in this Base Prospectus or any other 
information provided by the Issuers in connection with the Programme; or (ii) for any acts or omissions of 
the Issuers or any other person in connection with this Base Prospectus or the issue and offering of 
Instruments under the Programme. No Dealer or the Trustee accepts any liability in relation to the 
information contained or incorporated by reference in this Base Prospectus or any other information 
provided by the Issuers in connection with the Programme. 
Neither this Base Prospectus nor any other information supplied in connection with the Programme or any 
Instruments (a) is intended to provide the basis of any credit or other evaluation or (b) should be considered 
as a recommendation by the Issuers, any of the Dealers or the Trustee that any recipient of this Base 
Prospectus or any other information supplied in connection with the Programme or any Instruments should 
purchase any Instruments. Each investor contemplating purchasing any Instruments should make its own 
independent investigation of the financial condition and affairs, and its own appraisal of the

--- Page 4 ---
- ii - 
 
 
creditworthiness, of the Issuers. Neither this Base Prospectus nor any other information supplied in 
connection with the Programme or the issue of any Instruments constitutes an offer or invitation by or on 
behalf of the Issuers, any of the Dealers or the Trustee to any person to subscribe for or to purchase any 
Instruments. 
Neither the delivery of this Base Prospectus nor the offering, sale or delivery of any Instruments shall in 
any circumstances imply that the information contained herein concerning the Issuers is correct at any time 
subsequent to the date hereof or that any other information supplied in connection with the Programme is 
correct as of any time subsequent to the date indicated in the document containing the same. The Dealers 
and the Trustee expressly do not undertake to review the financial condition or affairs of the Issuers during 
the life of the Programme or to advise any investor in the Instruments of any information coming to their 
attention. Investors should review, inter alia, the most recently published documents incorporated by 
reference into this Base Prospectus when deciding whether or not to purchase any Instruments. 
IMPORTANT - EEA RETAIL INVESTORS 
If the Final Terms in respect of any Instruments includes a legend entitled "Prohibition of Sales to EEA 
Retail Investors", the Instruments are not intended to be offered, sold or otherwise made available to and 
should not be offered, sold or otherwise made available to any retail investor in the European Economic 
Area (the "EEA"). For these purposes, a retail investor means a person who is one (or more) of: (i) a retail 
client as defined in point (11) of Article 4(1) of MiFID II; or (ii) a customer within the meaning of Directive 
(EU) 2016/97 (as amended, the "Insurance Distribution Directive"), where that customer would not 
qualify as a professional client as defined in point (10) of Article 4(1) of MiFID II. Consequently no key 
information document required by Regulation (EU) No 1286/2014 (as amended, the "EU PRIIPs 
Regulation") for offering or selling the Instruments or otherwise making them available to retail investors 
in the EEA will be prepared and therefore offering or selling the Instruments or otherwise making them 
available to any retail investor in the EEA may be unlawful under the EU PRIIPs Regulation. 
IMPORTANT - UK RETAIL INVESTORS 
If the Final Terms in respect of any Instruments includes a legend entitled "Prohibition of Sales to UK 
Retail Investors", the Instruments are not intended to be offered, sold or otherwise made available to and 
should not be offered, sold or otherwise made available to any retail investor in the UK. For these purposes, 
a retail investor means a person who is one (or more) of: (a) a retail client, as defined in point (8) of Article 
2 of Regulation (EU) No 2017/565 as it forms part of domestic law by virtue of the EUWA; or (b) a 
customer within the meaning of the provisions of the Financial Services and Markets Act 2000 (as amended, 
the "FSMA") and any rules or regulations made under the FSMA to implement Directive (EU) 2016/97, 
where that customer would not qualify as a professional client, as defined in point (8) of Article 2(1) of 
Regulation (EU) No 600/2014 as it forms part of domestic law by virtue of EUWA. Consequently no key 
information document required by Regulation (EU) No 1286/2014 as it forms part of domestic law by virtue 
of the EUWA (the "UK PRIIPs Regulation") for offering or selling the Instruments or otherwise making 
them available to retail investors in the UK has been prepared and therefore offering or selling the 
Instruments or otherwise making them available to any retail investor in the UK may be unlawful under the 
UK PRIIPs Regulation. 
MIFID II PRODUCT GOVERNANCE / TARGET MARKET 
A determination will be made in relation to each issue about whether, for the purpose of the Product 
Governance rules under Commission Delegated Directive (EU) 2017/593 of 7 April 2016 (the "MiFID 
Product Governance Rules"), any Dealer subscribing for any Instruments is a manufacturer in respect of 
such Instruments, but otherwise neither the Arranger nor the Dealers nor any of their respective affiliates 
will be a manufacturer for the purpose of the MiFID Product Governance Rules. 
The Final Terms in respect of any Instruments may include a legend entitled "MiFID II product 
governance" which will outline the target market assessment in respect of the relevant Instruments and 
which channels for distribution of the relevant Instruments are appropriate. Any person subsequently 
offering, selling or recommending the relevant Instruments (a "distributor") should take into consideration 
the target market assessment; however, a distributor subject to MiFID II is responsible for undertaking its 
own target market assessment in respect of the relevant Instruments (by either adopting or refining the 
target market assessment) and determining appropriate distribution channels.

--- Page 5 ---
- iii - 
 
 
UK MiFIR PRODUCT GOVERNANCE / TARGET MARKET 
 
A determination will be made in relation to each issue about whether, for the purpose of the FCA Handbook 
Product Intervention and Product Governance Sourcebook (the "UK MiFIR Product Governance 
Rules"), any Dealer subscribing for any Instruments is a manufacturer in respect of such Instruments, but 
otherwise neither the Arrangers nor the Dealers nor any of their respective affiliates will be a manufacturer 
for the purpose of the UK MiFIR Product Governance Rules. 
The Final Terms in respect of any Instruments may include a legend entitled "UK MiFIR Product 
Governance" which will outline the target market assessment in respect of the Instruments and which 
channels for distribution of the Instruments are appropriate. Any distributor should take into consideration 
the target market assessment; however, a distributor subject to the UK MiFIR Product Governance Rules 
is responsible for undertaking its own target market assessment in respect of the Instruments (by either 
adopting or refining the target market assessment) and determining appropriate distribution channels. 
BENCHMARKS REGULATION 
Interest and/or other amounts payable under the Instruments may be calculated by reference to certain 
reference rates. Any such reference rate may constitute a benchmark for the purposes of Regulation (EU) 
2016/1011 (the "EU Benchmarks Regulation"). If any such reference rate does constitute such a 
benchmark, the Final Terms will indicate whether or not the benchmark is provided by an administrator 
included in the register of administrators and benchmarks established and maintained by ESMA pursuant 
to Article 36 (Register of administrators and benchmarks) of the EU Benchmarks Regulation. Transitional 
provisions in the EU Benchmarks Regulation may have the result that the administrator of a particular 
benchmark is not required to appear in the register of administrators and benchmarks at the date of the Final 
Terms.  The registration status of any administrator under the EU Benchmarks Regulation is a matter of 
public record and, save where required by applicable law, the relevant Issuer does not intend to update the 
Final Terms to reflect any change in the registration status of the administrator. 
PRODUCT CLASSIFICATION PURSUANT TO SECTION 309B  
OF THE SECURITIES AND FUTURES ACT (CHAPTER 289 OF SINGAPORE) 
The applicable Final Terms in respect of any Instruments may include a legend entitled "Singapore 
Securities and Futures Act Product Classification" which will state the product classification of the 
Instruments pursuant to section 309B(1) of the Securities and Futures Act (Chapter 289 of Singapore) (as 
modified or amended from time to time, the "SFA"). 
The Issuer will make a determination in relation to each issue about the classification of the Instruments 
being offered for purposes of section 309B(1)(a). Any such legend included on the applicable Final Terms 
will constitute notice to "relevant persons" for purposes of section 309B(1)(c) of the SFA.

--- Page 6 ---
- iv - 
 
 
IMPORTANT INFORMATION RELATING TO THE USE OF THIS BASE PROSPECTUS AND 
OFFERS OF INSTRUMENTS GENERALLY 
This Base Prospectus does not constitute an offer to sell or the solicitation of an offer to buy any Instruments 
in any jurisdiction to any person to whom it is unlawful to make the offer or solicitation in such jurisdiction. 
The distribution of this Base Prospectus and the offer or sale of Instruments may be restricted by law in 
certain jurisdictions. The Issuers, the Dealers and the Trustee do not represent that this Base Prospectus 
may be lawfully distributed, or that any Instruments may be lawfully offered, in compliance with any 
applicable registration or other requirements in any such jurisdiction, or pursuant to an exemption available 
thereunder, or assume any responsibility for facilitating any such distribution or offering. In particular, 
unless specifically indicated to the contrary in the applicable Final Terms, no action has been taken by the 
Issuers, the Dealers or the Trustee which would permit a public offering of any Instruments or distribution 
of this Base Prospectus in any jurisdiction where action for that purpose is required. Accordingly, no 
Instruments may be offered or sold, directly or indirectly, and neither this Base Prospectus nor any 
advertisement or other offering material may be distributed or published in any jurisdiction, except under 
circumstances that will result in compliance with any applicable laws and regulations. Persons into whose 
possession this Base Prospectus or any Instruments may come must inform themselves about, and observe, 
any such restrictions on the distribution of this Base Prospectus and the offering and sale of Instruments. In 
particular, there are restrictions on the distribution of this Base Prospectus and the offer or sale of 
Instruments in the United States, the UK, the EEA (including Belgium, France, the Netherlands, Portugal 
and Spain), Japan and Singapore, see "Subscription and Sale". 
The Instruments may not be a suitable investment for all investors. Each potential investor in Instruments 
must determine the suitability of that investment in light of its own circumstances. In particular, each 
potential investor should consider, either on its own or with the help of its financial and other professional 
advisers, whether it: 
(i) 
has sufficient knowledge and experience to make a meaningful evaluation of the Instruments, the 
merits and risks of investing in the Instruments and the information contained or incorporated by 
reference in this Base Prospectus or any applicable supplement; 
(ii) 
has access to, and knowledge of, appropriate analytical tools to evaluate, in the context of its 
particular financial situation, an investment in the Instruments and the impact the Instruments will 
have on its overall investment portfolio; 
(iii) 
has sufficient financial resources and liquidity to bear all of the risks of an investment in the 
Instruments, including Instruments where the currency for principal or interest payments is 
different from the potential investor's currency; 
(iv) 
understands thoroughly the terms of the Instruments and is familiar with the behaviour of financial 
markets; and 
(v) 
is able to evaluate (either alone or with the help of a financial adviser) possible scenarios for 
economic, interest rate and other factors that may affect its investment and its ability to bear the 
applicable risks. 
Legal investment considerations may restrict certain investments. The investment activities of certain 
investors are subject to legal investment laws and regulations, or review or regulation by certain authorities. 
Each potential investor should consult its legal advisers to determine whether and to what extent 
(1) Instruments are legal investments for it, (2) Instruments can be used as collateral for various types of 
borrowing, and (3) other restrictions apply to its purchase or pledge of any Instruments. Financial 
institutions should consult their legal advisers or the appropriate regulators to determine the appropriate 
treatment of Instruments under any applicable risk-based capital or similar rules. 
The Instruments have not been and will not be registered under the United States Securities Act of 1933, 
as amended (the "Securities Act") and Instruments in bearer form are subject to U.S. tax law requirements. 
Subject to certain exceptions, Instruments may not be offered, sold or delivered within the United States or 
to, or for the account or benefit of, U.S. persons (see "Subscription and Sale"). 
This Base Prospectus may contain certain forward-looking statements. The words "anticipate", "believe", 
"expect", "plan", "intend", "targets", "aims", "estimate", "project", "will", "would", "may", "could",

--- Page 7 ---
- v - 
 
 
"continue" and similar expressions are intended to identify forward-looking statements. All statements 
other than statements of historical fact included in this Base Prospectus, including, without limitation, those 
regarding the financial position, business strategy, management plans and objectives for future operations 
of EDP and the EDP Group are forward looking statements. These forward-looking statements involve 
known and unknown risks, uncertainties and other factors, which may cause EDP's and the EDP Group's 
actual results, performance or achievements, or industry results, to be materially different from those 
expressed or implied by these forward-looking statements. These forward looking statements are based on 
numerous assumptions regarding the present and future business strategies of EDP and the EDP Group and 
the environment in which it is expected to operate in the future. 
Additional factors that could cause actual results, performance or achievements to differ materially include, 
but are not limited to, those discussed under "Risk Factors". Any forward-looking statements made by or 
on behalf of EDP or EDP B.V. speak only as at the date they are made. Neither EDP nor EDP B.V. 
undertakes to update forward-looking statements to reflect any changes in their expectations with regard 
thereto or any changes in events, conditions or circumstances on which any such statement is based. 
CREDIT RATINGS 
One or more independent credit rating agencies may assign credit ratings to the Issuers or the Instruments. 
Such ratings may not reflect the potential impact of all risks related to structure, market and any other 
factors that may affect the value of the Instruments. A credit rating is not a recommendation to buy, sell 
or hold securities and may be revised, suspended or withdrawn by the rating agency at any time. 
In general, European regulated investors are restricted from using a rating for regulatory purposes if such 
rating is not issued by a credit rating agency established in the EEA and registered under the EU CRA 
Regulation or (1) the rating is provided by a credit rating agency not established in the EEA but is endorsed 
by a credit rating agency established in the EEA and registered under the EU CRA Regulation or (2) the 
rating is provided by a credit rating agency not established in the EEA which is certified under the EU CRA 
Regulation. In general, UK regulated investors are restricted from using a rating for regulatory purposes if 
such rating is not issued by a credit rating agency established in the UK and registered under the UK CRA 
Regulation or (1) the rating is provided by a credit rating agency not established in the UK but is endorsed 
by a credit rating agency established in the UK and registered under the UK CRA Regulation or (2) the 
rating is provided by a credit rating agency not established in the UK which is certified under the UK CRA 
Regulation. 
PRESENTATION OF INFORMATION 
Certain Defined Terms and Conventions 
Capitalised terms which are used but not defined in any particular section of this Base Prospectus will have 
the meaning attributed to them in "Terms and Conditions of the Instruments" or any other sections of this 
Base Prospectus. In addition, the following terms as used in this Base Prospectus have the meanings defined 
below: 
In this Base Prospectus, all references to: 
 
"U.S. dollars", "U.S.$" and "$" refer to United States dollars, the lawful currency of the United 
States; 
 
"Sterling" and "£" refer to pounds sterling, the lawful currency of the UK; 
 
"EUR", "euro" and "€" refer to the currency introduced at the start of the third stage of European 
economic and monetary union pursuant to the Treaty on the Functioning of the European Union, 
as amended; 
 
"R$" refer to the Brazilian real, the lawful currency of Brazil; and 
 
"billion" refers to a thousand million. 
Certain figures and percentages included in this Base Prospectus have been subject to rounding adjustments; 
accordingly, figures shown in the same category presented in different tables may vary slightly and figures 
shown as totals in certain tables may not be an arithmetical aggregation of the figures which precede them.

--- Page 8 ---
- vi -
CONTENTS 
Page 
OVERVIEW OF THE PROGRAMME ....................................................................................................... 7 
RISK FACTORS ........................................................................................................................................ 11 
STABILISATION ...................................................................................................................................... 34 
DOCUMENTS INCORPORATED BY REFERENCE ............................................................................. 35 
FORM OF FINAL TERMS ........................................................................................................................ 37 
TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THE INSTRUMENTS ........................................................................ 50 
PROVISIONS RELATING TO THE INSTRUMENTS (OTHER THAN BOOK ENTRY 
INSTRUMENTS) WHILE IN GLOBAL FORM ...................................................................................... 83 
BOOK ENTRY INSTRUMENTS HELD THROUGH INTERBOLSA .................................................... 87 
USE OF PROCEEDS ................................................................................................................................. 89 
RELATIONSHIP OF EDP B.V. WITH EDP ............................................................................................ 90 
EDP AND THE EDP GROUP ................................................................................................................... 93 
REGULATORY FRAMEWORK ............................................................................................................ 115 
FINANCIAL STATEMENTS OF THE EDP GROUP ............................................................................ 207 
EDP FINANCE B.V. ................................................................................................................................ 211 
TAXATION ............................................................................................................................................. 215 
SUBSCRIPTION AND SALE ................................................................................................................. 227 
GENERAL INFORMATION .................................................................................................................. 232

--- Page 9 ---
- 7 -
OVERVIEW OF THE PROGRAMME 
The following overview does not purport to be complete and is taken from, and is qualified in its entirety 
by, the remainder of this Base Prospectus and, in relation to the terms and conditions of any particular 
Tranche of Instruments, the applicable Final Terms. 
Words and expressions defined in the "Terms and Conditions of the Instruments" shall have the same 
meanings in this overview. 
Issuers: 
EDP – Energias De Portugal, S.A. 
EDP Finance B.V. 
Risk Factors: 
There are certain factors that may affect each Issuer's ability to 
fulfil its respective obligations under Instruments issued under 
the Programme. In addition, there are certain factors which are 
material for the purpose of assessing the market risks associated 
with Instruments issued under the Programme and risks relating 
to the structure of a particular Series of Instruments issued under 
the Programme. All of these are set out under the heading "Risk 
Factors". Investors should carefully consider these risk factors 
and all of the information in the Base Prospectus before 
deciding to buy Instruments. 
Arranger: 
Morgan Stanley Europe SE 
Dealers: 
Banco Bilbao Vizcaya Argentaria, S.A., Banco Comercial 
Português, S.A., Banco Santander Totta, S.A., Barclays Bank 
Ireland PLC, BNP Paribas, Caixa - Banco de Investimento, 
S.A., CaixaBank, S.A., Citigroup Global Markets Europe AG,
Deutsche Bank Aktiengesellschaft, Haitong Bank, S.A., HSBC
Continental Europe, ING Bank N.V., J.P. Morgan AG, Mizuho
Securities Europe GmbH, Morgan Stanley Europe SE, MUFG
Securities (Europe) N.V., NatWest Markets N.V., Société
Générale and any other Dealers appointed in accordance with
the Dealership Agreement.
Certain Restrictions: 
Each issue of Instruments denominated in a currency in respect 
of which particular laws, guidelines, regulations, restrictions or 
reporting requirements apply will only be issued in 
circumstances which comply with such laws, guidelines, 
regulations, restrictions or reporting requirements from time to 
time (see "Subscription and Sale") including the following 
restrictions applicable at the date of this Base Prospectus. 
Issue and Paying Agent: 
Deutsche Bank AG, London Branch 
Registrar and Paying Agent 
Deutsche Bank Luxembourg S.A. 
Portuguese Paying Agent 
Deutsche Bank Aktiengesellschaft – Sucursal em Portugal 
Trustee: 
Deutsche Trustee Company Limited 
Programme Size: 
Up to €13,500,000,000 (or its equivalent in other currencies 
calculated as described in the Dealership Agreement) 
outstanding at any time. The Issuers may increase the amount 
of the Programme in accordance with the terms of the 
Dealership Agreement.

--- Page 10 ---
- 8 - 
 
 
Distribution: 
Instruments may be distributed by way of private or public 
placement and in each case on a syndicated or non-syndicated 
basis. 
Currencies: 
Subject to compliance with all applicable laws, regulations and 
directives, the Instruments may be denominated in any currency 
agreed between the relevant Issuer and the relevant Dealer(s) at 
the time of the issue of such Series of Instruments, and the Book 
Entry Instruments will be denominated in Euro or such other 
currency as can be settled through Interbolsa, in all cases subject 
to compliance with all applicable legal and/or regulatory and/or 
central bank requirements. 
Maturities: 
The Instruments will have such maturities as may be agreed 
between the relevant Issuer and the relevant Dealer, subject to 
such minimum or maximum maturities as may be allowed or 
required from time to time by the relevant central bank (or 
equivalent body) or any laws or regulations applicable to the 
relevant Issuer or the relevant Specified Currency and subject 
at all times to a minimum maturity of one year. 
Issue Price: 
Instruments may be issued on a fully-paid basis and at an issue 
price which is at par or at a discount to, or premium over, par. 
Form of Instruments: 
The Instruments will be issued in bearer, registered or book-
entry form. 
Fixed Rate Instruments: 
Fixed interest will be payable on such date or dates as may be 
agreed between the relevant Issuer and the relevant Dealer and 
on redemption and will be calculated on the basis of such Day 
Count Fraction as may be agreed between the relevant Issuer 
and the relevant Dealer. 
Floating Rate Instruments: 
Floating Rate Instruments will bear interest at a rate determined: 
 
(a) 
on the same basis as the floating rate under a notional 
interest rate swap transaction in the relevant Specified 
Currency governed by an agreement incorporating the 
2006 ISDA Definitions (as supplemented, amended and 
updated as at the Issue Date of the first Tranche of the 
Instruments of the relevant Series (as specified in the 
relevant Final Terms)) as published by the International 
Swaps and Derivatives Association, Inc., including, if 
specified in the relevant Final Terms, the ISDA 
Benchmarks Supplement; or 
 
(b) 
on the basis of the reference rate set out in the applicable 
Final Terms. 
 
Interest on Floating Rate Instruments in respect of each Interest 
Period, as agreed prior to issue by the relevant Issuer and the 
relevant Dealer, will be payable on such Interest Payment 
Dates, and will be calculated on the basis of such Day Count 
Fraction, as may be agreed between the relevant Issuer and the 
relevant Dealer. 
 
The margin (if any) relating to such floating rate will be agreed 
between the relevant Issuer and the relevant Dealer for each 
Series of Floating Rate Instruments.

--- Page 11 ---
- 9 - 
 
 
 
Floating Rate Instruments may also have a maximum interest 
rate, a minimum interest rate or both. 
Zero Coupon Instruments: 
Zero Coupon Instruments will be offered and sold at a discount 
to their nominal amount and will not bear interest. 
Instruments redeemable in 
instalments: 
Each of the Issuers may issue Instruments which may be 
redeemed in separate instalments in such amounts and on such 
dates as the relevant Issuer and the relevant Dealer may agree. 
Benchmark Event: 
If a Benchmark Event occurs, such that any rate of interest (or 
any component part thereof) cannot be determined by reference 
to the original benchmark specified in the applicable Final 
Terms, then such rate of interest may be substituted (subject to 
certain conditions) with a successor or alternative rate (with 
consequent amendment to the terms of such Series of 
Instruments and the application of an adjustment spread (which 
could be positive, negative or zero)) as described in Condition 
5.4 (Benchmark Discontinuation). 
Redemption: 
The applicable Final Terms will indicate either that the relevant 
Instruments cannot be redeemed prior to their stated maturity 
(other than in specified instalments, if applicable, for taxation 
reasons or following an Event of Default or a Put Event) or that 
such Instruments will be redeemable at the option of the 
relevant Issuer and/or the Holders upon giving notice to the 
Holders or the relevant Issuer, as the case may be, on a date or 
dates specified prior to such stated maturity and at a price or 
prices and on such other terms as may be agreed between the 
relevant Issuer and the relevant Dealer. 
Denomination of Instruments: 
The Instruments will be issued in such denominations as may 
be agreed between the relevant Issuer and the relevant Dealer 
save that the minimum denomination of each Instrument will be 
such amount as may be allowed or required from time to time 
by the relevant central bank (or equivalent body) or any laws or 
regulations applicable to the relevant Specified Currency, and 
save that the minimum denomination of each Instrument will be 
€100,000 (or, if the Instruments are denominated in a currency 
other than euro, the equivalent amount in such currency). 
Taxation: 
All payments in respect of the Instruments will be made without 
deduction for or on account of withholding taxes imposed by 
any Tax Jurisdiction as provided in Condition 8 (Taxation). In 
the event that any such deduction is made, the relevant Issuer 
will, save in certain limited circumstances provided in 
Condition 8 (Taxation), be required to pay additional amounts 
to cover the amounts so deducted. 
Negative Pledge: 
The terms of the Instruments will contain a negative pledge 
provision which restricts the right of the Issuers to create or 
have outstanding any mortgage, lien, pledge or other charge or 
to otherwise secure any obligations (subject to certain 
conditions and exceptions) over the whole or any part of their 
assets while the Instruments remain outstanding as further 
described in Condition 4 (Negative Pledge). 
Cross Default: 
The terms of the Instruments will contain a cross default 
provision as further described in Condition 10 (Events of 
Default).

--- Page 12 ---
- 10 - 
 
 
Status (Ranking): 
Instruments 
will 
constitute 
direct, 
unconditional, 
unsubordinated and (subject to the provisions of the Issuers' 
negative pledge above) unsecured obligations of the relevant 
Issuer and will rank pari passu among themselves and (save for 
certain obligations required to be preferred by law) equally with 
all other unsecured obligations (other than subordinated 
obligations, if any) of the relevant Issuer, from time to time 
outstanding. 
Rating: 
Each of EDP and EDP B.V. has been rated Baa3 by Moody's, 
BBB by Fitch and BBB by S&P. Instruments issued under the 
Programme are expected to be rated Baa3 by Moody's, BBB by 
Fitch and BBB by S&P. Series of Instruments issued under the 
Programme may be rated or unrated. Where a Series of 
Instruments is rated, such rating will be disclosed in the 
applicable Final Terms and will not necessarily be the same as 
the ratings assigned to the Programme. A security rating is not 
a recommendation to buy, sell or hold securities and may be 
subject to suspension, reduction or withdrawal at any time by 
the assigning rating agency. 
Listing: 
Application will or has been made for Instruments to be 
admitted to trading on Euronext Dublin. The Programme also 
permits Instruments to be issued on the basis that they (a) will 
not be admitted to listing, trading and/or quotation by any 
competent authority, stock exchange and/or quotation system or 
(b) will be admitted to listing, trading and/or quotation by such 
other or further competent authorities, stock exchanges and/or 
quotation systems as may be agreed with the relevant Issuer. 
 
The applicable Final Terms will state whether or not the 
relevant Instruments are to be listed and/or admitted to trading 
and, if so, on which stock exchanges and/or markets. 
Governing Law: 
English law, except that with respect to Book-Entry Instruments 
only, the form and transfer of the Instruments, creation of 
security over the Instruments and the Interbolsa procedures for 
the exercise of rights under the Book Entry Instruments are 
governed by, and shall be construed in accordance with 
Portuguese law. 
Selling Restrictions: 
There are restrictions on the offer, sale and transfer of the 
Instruments in the United States, the UK, the EEA (including 
Belgium, France, Ireland, the Netherlands, Portugal and Spain), 
Japan and Singapore and such other restrictions as may be 
required in connection with the offering and sale of a particular 
Tranche of Instruments, (see "Subscription and Sale"). 
United States Selling Restrictions: 
Regulation S, Category 2. TEFRA D, unless TEFRA C or 
TEFRA not applicable is specified as applicable in the relevant 
Final Terms.

--- Page 13 ---
- 11 - 
 
 
RISK FACTORS 
An investment in the Instruments involves risks. Prospective investors should carefully consider all of the 
information in this Base Prospectus and the documents incorporated by reference herein, including the 
following risk factors, before deciding to invest in the Instruments. The actual occurrence of any of the 
following events could have a material adverse effect on each Issuer's business, financial condition, 
prospects or results of operations which may adversely affect each Issuer's ability to make payments and 
fulfil its other obligations under the Instruments and EDP's ability to fulfil its obligations to EDP B.V. 
under the Keep Well Agreement. 
The risk factors described below consist of a limited selection of specific risks which the Issuers consider 
to be of most relevance to investors when the investor is making an investment decision. Additional risks 
not currently known or which are currently deemed immaterial may also have a material adverse effect on 
the Issuer's business, financial condition, prospects or results of operations or result in other events that 
could lead to a diminution of each Issuer's ability to fulfil its obligations under the Instruments and EDP's 
ability to fulfil its obligations to EDP B.V. under the Keep Well Agreement. 
References in this section to "EDP", the "Group" or the "EDP Group" are to EDP and its subsidiaries. 
Introduction 
The risk factors described below are those that the Issuers believe are material and specific to the Issuers 
and that may affect the Issuers' ability to fulfil each of their respective obligations under the Instruments. 
The risk factors have been organised into the following categories: 
1. 
Risks relating to EDP's business activities; 
2. 
Risks relating to the strategy of EDP; 
3. 
Risks relating to EDP's operational activities; 
4. 
Risks relating to the financial markets and financial activities of EDP; 
5. 
Risks relating to the structure of an issue of Instruments; 
6. 
Risks relating to certain terms of the Instruments; 
7. 
Risks relating to the market for the Instruments; and 
8. 
Risks related to withholding tax. 
Within each category, the most material risks, in the assessment of the Issuers, are set out first. The Issuers 
have assessed the relative materiality of the risk factors based on the probability of their occurrence and the 
expected magnitude of their negative impact. The order of the categories does not imply that any category 
of risk is more material than any other category. Prospective investors should read the detailed information 
set out in this Base Prospectus (including the documents incorporated by reference herein), in conjunction 
with each of the risk factors described below, and reach their own views prior to making an investment 
decision. 
1. 
Risks relating to EDP's business activities 
For further information on the business of EDP, please see "EDP and the EDP Group". 
The selling price and gross profit per unit of energy sold by EDP may decline significantly due to a 
deterioration in market conditions and/or exposure to the local market of certain power plants. 
A decline in gross profit per unit of electricity or natural gas sold may result from a number of different 
factors, including: (i) an adverse imbalance between supply and demand in the electricity and natural gas 
markets in the countries in which EDP operates or in other related energy markets; (ii) the performance of 
international and/or regional energy prices such as oil, natural gas, coal, CO2 allowances and green 
certificates or guarantees of origin; (iii) below average rainfall or wind speed and solar incidence levels; 
(iv) higher cost of power plant construction; or (v) a change in the technological mix of installed generation

--- Page 14 ---
- 12 - 
 
 
capacity. The gross profit per unit of energy sold in liberalised energy markets can also be affected by 
administrative decisions imposed by legislative and regulatory authorities in the countries in which EDP 
operates. In the Iberian Peninsula, the volatility of EDP's gross profit per unit of electricity and natural gas 
sold can be particularly significant in its activities in the liberalised electricity and natural gas markets, 
which are fully exposed to market risk. If the difference between the market price for electricity and the 
marginal generation cost (which depends primarily on fuel and CO2 costs) available at its thermal plants is 
too low, EDP's thermal plants may not generate electricity or electricity generation may be limited. This 
would directly result in lower gross margin and cashflows in EDP's Client Solutions and Energy 
Management segment. 
In addition, the power plants still benefiting from the Contractual Balance Maintenance Costs ("CMEC") 
mechanism have, from 2017 onwards, entered into the final 10-year period of the mechanism, in which a 
final 10-year prospective adjustment amount to the initial CMEC compensation amount has been approved 
by the relevant authorities. Such adjustment amount may not reflect the evolution of the market prices and 
other variables for the next 10-year period and, as such, the power plants still benefiting from the CMEC 
regime will be partially exposed to the risk of market prices. 
Payments for electricity sold by certain EDP's wind and solar farms depend, at least in part, on market 
prices for electricity. In certain countries, such as the United States, EDP sells its wind and solar power 
output mainly through long-term Power Purchase Agreements ("PPAs"), which set the sale price of 
electricity for the duration of the contract. When a PPA is not executed due to market conditions or as part 
of a commercial strategy, EDP sells its electricity output in wholesale markets in which it is fully exposed 
to market risk volatility. In jurisdictions where combinations of regulated incentives are used (such as green 
certificates, and market pricing), the regulated incentive component may not compensate for fluctuations 
in the market price component, and thus total remuneration may be volatile. Furthermore, in some cases 
where power generation is sold at a regulated or long-term contracted price, EDP may still be exposed to 
market volatility if there are significant price differentials between the price at the plants' grid injection 
node and the reference grid node for the contracts' settlement. In the future, as regulated remuneration 
schemes and/or PPAs end for existing wind and solar farms, the gross margin and cashflows of the EDP 
Group's Renewables segment may become more volatile and a source of increased risk for EDP. 
In Brazil, the electricity generated by EDP's power plants is primarily sold through PPAs, while EDP's 
electricity distribution business, in accordance with certain regulatory rules, has the ability to pass its 
electricity procurement costs through to customers when the contracted energy level is between pre-defined 
boundaries. Nevertheless, payments for electricity sold by EDP's electricity generation, distribution and 
supply activities in Brazil can be affected by significant changes in electricity market prices, particularly 
due to extremely dry periods, wide fluctuations in electricity demand and changes of EDP's electricity 
distribution concession areas. In the future, the gross margin and cashflows for power plants whose existing 
PPAs end may become more volatile. Prices for new PPAs both for electricity generation plants under 
development or in operation are set through public tenders and can change significantly due to changes in 
competitive dynamics and/or the regulatory environment. 
Although EDP seeks to mitigate market and price volatility risks through the use of various financial and 
commodity hedging instruments relating to electricity, carbon emissions, fuel (coal and natural gas) and 
foreign exchange, as well as bilateral PPAs and long-term fuel supply agreements, there can be no assurance 
that EDP's hedging and financial strategy will prove effective. Likewise, purchases of hedging instruments, 
such as financial derivative contracts, could increase EDP's costs and reduce EDP's profit margins. If any 
of the above risks were to materialise they could have a material adverse effect on EDP's business, financial 
condition, results of operations and prospects. 
The profitability of EDP's power plants are dependent on weather conditions. 
Electricity generation output from EDP's hydro, wind and solar power plants in operation, as well as 
expected levels of output from power plants under construction and under development, are highly 
dependent on weather conditions, particularly rainfall, wind and sunshine hours, which vary substantially 
across different locations, seasons and years. For example, in respect of hydro power plants, the upstream 
use of river flows for other purposes, restrictions imposed by legislation or the impact of climate change 
may result in a reduction in water flow available for electricity generation. Such impacts would result in 
lower hydro volumes available for power generation and lower revenues for EDP.

--- Page 15 ---
- 13 - 
 
 
In respect of wind power plants, turbines only operate when wind speeds fall within certain operating ranges 
that vary by turbine type and manufacturer. If wind speeds fall outside or towards the lower end of these 
ranges, energy output at EDP's wind farms declines. As for solar farms, the level of solar energy impacts 
the production of electricity within specific operating ranges which are particularly affected by temperature. 
In respect of thermal plants, the hydro volumes of the year may also impact profitability, for instance 
restricting the use of water in the cooling processes. Such restriction may translate into higher cost for 
power generation in thermal plants and/or lower outputs, which would translate into lower gross margins 
for EDP. EDP cannot guarantee that actual weather conditions at a project site will conform to the 
assumptions that were made during the project development phase and, therefore, it cannot guarantee that 
its power plants will be able to meet their anticipated generation levels. Any such shortfall in generation 
levels could have a material adverse effect on EDP's business, financial condition, results of operations and 
prospects. 
EDP's profitability may be affected by significant changes in energy demand in each of the countries  
in which it operates. 
Significant changes in the demand for electricity and natural gas in the markets in which EDP operates may 
have a material impact on the profitability of EDP's business activities, such as generation and supply 
activities. EDP's investment decisions take into consideration EDP's expectations regarding the evolution 
of demand for electricity and natural gas, which may be significantly affected by the economic conditions 
of the countries in which EDP sells and distributes electricity and sells natural gas, but also by a number of 
other factors including governmental policies, regulation, tariff levels, environmental and climate 
conditions. Significant changes in any of these variables may affect levels of per capita energy 
consumption, which could vary substantially from EDP's expectations. 
Lower energy demand typically impacts EDP's Networks operating segment in Brazil and to a certain extent 
Portugal, where EDP's power distribution businesses have part of their revenue linked to power demand. 
In addition, EDP's Renewables and Client Solutions and Energy Management segments are also indirectly 
impacted by lower energy prices given the imbalance in supply and demand under such a scenario. 
Moreover, Client Solutions and Energy Management are impacted by lower sales due to lower energy 
demand, especially in business client segments. 
Any decrease in power demand or decrease in the rate of demand growth whether due to lower 
electrification of the economy, increased energy efficiency, the impact of the COVID-19 pandemic or other 
unexpected events or otherwise could adversely impact the demand for new renewable projects or otherwise 
have a material adverse effect on EDP's business, financial condition, results of operations and prospects. 
The profitability of EDP's thermal power plants and gas supply activities are dependent on the 
reliability of EDP's access to fossil fuels, such as coal and natural gas, in the appropriate quantities, 
at the appropriate times and under competitive pricing conditions. 
EDP's thermal power plants need to have ready access to fossil fuels, particularly coal and natural gas, in 
order to generate electricity. EDP's strategy for fossil fuels procurement is to enter into long-term and short-
term purchase agreements to cover any potential contingencies. Although EDP has such long-term purchase 
agreements for fossil fuels in place and corresponding transportation agreements, EDP cannot be certain 
that there will be no disruptions in its supply of fossil fuels. The adequacy of this supply also depends on 
shipping and transportation services involving various third parties. In the event of a failure in the supply 
chain of fossil fuels, EDP may not be able to generate electricity in some or all of its thermal power plants 
or may not be able to comply with the terms of existing PPAs for contracted power plants. 
For example, the Pecém coal plant in Brazil, which operates under a long-term PPA, is able to pass on its 
fossil fuel cost within certain limits. However, the profitability of this plant could be reduced if coal supply 
limitations reduce the plant's availability levels below those contracted under the PPA, for example, due to 
a shortage of fossil fuels. In the Iberian Peninsula's liberalised market, EDP's ordinary regime thermal 
power plants are fully exposed to changes in fossil fuel costs, including changes in related taxes. The gas 
that EDP buys for use in its combined cycle gas turbine power plants ("CCGTs") or to supply its gas 
customers in Portugal and Spain is currently supplied primarily through long-term contracts and delivered 
both through liquefied natural gas ("LNG") terminals and international pipelines. The supply chain of gas 
to the Iberian Peninsula passes through several countries and involves gas production and treatment, 
transport through international pipelines and by ship, and processing in liquefaction terminals. This supply 
chain is subject to political and technical risks. Although these risks are often addressed in force majeure

--- Page 16 ---
- 14 - 
 
 
clauses in supply, transit and shipping contracts that may, to a certain extent, mitigate contractual risk by 
shifting it to the end-user market, contractual provisions do not mitigate other risks that might lead to 
diminished margins and loss of profits. In addition, any capacity, access or operational restrictions imposed 
by the transmission system operator ("TSO") on the use of LNG terminals, international grid connections 
or domestic grid connections may impair normal supply and sales activities, and such circumstances involve 
additional contractual risks that could have a material adverse effect on the EDP Group's business, financial 
condition, results of operations and prospects. 
EDP's long-term gas procurement contracts have prices indexed largely to benchmark oil price related 
indices in Europe and the Middle East and to benchmark gas prices in the United States and Europe. Under 
the terms of some of these gas contracts, EDP commits to purchasing a minimum amount of gas for a certain 
period of time through "take-or-pay" clauses. As a result, under certain circumstances, EDP may have to 
purchase more gas than it needs to operate its CCGTs or supply its gas customers, which may cause 
disruptions in the supply chain of natural gas and/or the enforcement of "take-or-pay" clauses and, in turn, 
affect the profitability of EDP's CCGTs or gas supply activity. In addition, any structural change on 
international oil and gas markets may create significant differences between benchmark oil prices indices 
and benchmark gas price indices thereby increasing basis risk. This could adversely impact the 
competitiveness of EDP's long term gas procurement contracts. Such circumstances may affect the 
profitability of EDP's CCGTs or gas supply activity, which could have a material adverse effect on the 
Group's business, financial condition, results of operations and prospects. 
EDP is exposed to the regulatory risks associated with the changes in laws and regulations in the 
countries in which it operates. 
EDP's operations include the generation, transmission, distribution and supply of electricity and related 
services (including the development, construction, licensing and operation of power plants, transmission 
and distribution grids), and supply of natural gas in several jurisdictions pursuant to concessions, licences 
and other legal or regulatory permits, as applicable, granted by the governments, municipalities and 
regulatory entities in such jurisdictions. EDP's main countries of operations are Portugal, Spain, Brazil, the 
United States, Romania, France, Italy, Poland, Mexico, Belgium, Canada, the UK, Colombia and Greece. 
The laws and regulations affecting EDP's activities in these countries may vary by jurisdiction and may be 
subject to modifications, including those resulting from ordinary expiry of regulatory periods, unilateral 
imposition by regulators and legislative authorities or as a result of judicial or administrative proceedings 
or actions. Furthermore, additional laws and regulations may be implemented, including those enacted as a 
result of actions filed by third parties or lobbying by special interest groups. Any of those changes may 
make such laws and regulations more restrictive or in other ways less favourable to EDP. 
In particular, the development and profitability of renewable energy projects is significantly dependent on 
policies and regulatory frameworks that support such development. Many states in the United States, the 
U.S. federal government, and many Member States of the EU, including European countries in which EDP 
operates or has pipeline projects, have adopted policies and measures that actively support renewable 
energy projects. Support for renewable energy sources has been strong in past years and EDP has benefited 
from such support. In the United States, the federal government has supported renewable energy primarily 
through income tax incentives. Historically, the main tax incentives for wind and solar projects have been 
the US federal Production Tax Credit ("PTC"), the five-year depreciation for eligible assets under the 
Modified Accelerated Cost Recovery System ("MACRS") and the Investment Tax Credit ("ITC"). In 
addition, many US state governments have implemented Renewable Portfolio Standards ("RPS"), which 
typically require that a certain percentage of the electricity supplied by a utility to consumers within such 
state is to be covered by renewable resources. The EU has implemented energy targets for 2030, which are, 
for the most part, particularly in relation to energy efficiency and renewable energy, not binding on a 
national level. EDP cannot guarantee that such support, policies or regulatory frameworks in the jurisdiction 
in which it operates will be maintained. 
Some of the EDP Group's operations are subject to concessions, licences and permits which are granted for 
fixed periods of time or are subject to early termination or revocation ("revogação" or "resgate") under 
certain circumstances, including as a result of legal proceedings, challenges, disputes, legal or regulatory 
changes or failure to comply with the terms of the relevant concession, licence or permit. Upon termination 
of a concession or the expiration of a licence or permit, the fixed assets associated with such concessions, 
licences or permits, in general, revert to the government or municipality, which granted the relevant 
concession, licence or permit. Under these circumstances, although specified compensatory amounts might 
be payable to EDP with respect to these assets, such amounts, if any, may not be sufficient to compensate

--- Page 17 ---
- 15 - 
 
 
EDP for its actual or anticipated losses. Moreover, the expiration or termination of concessions, licences or 
permits might limit EDP's ability to conduct its business or a segment thereof in an entire jurisdiction.  For 
more information on the termination of the low voltage distribution concession agreements and the 
upcoming public tenders, see "Regulatory Framework". 
The complex international regulatory environment in which EDP operates also exposes EDP to the risk of 
regulatory proceedings for disagreements on the interpretation of applicable laws. For example, in 2019, 
the European Commission ("EC") announced the opening of infringement proceedings against eight 
Member States, including Portugal, alleging that certain national laws and past governmental practices 
regarding the award and renewal of hydropower concessions were inconsistent with applicable EU law. 
Regarding Portugal, in particular, the EC's proceedings focused on the 2008 extension of contracts for the 
use of public domain water resources by EDP's power plants, which benefited from CMEC stranded costs 
compensation approved by the EC in 2004. Although EDP is not a party to these proceedings, a final 
decision against the Portuguese state could ultimately result in a challenge to the validity of EDP's 
hydropower concessions or otherwise adversely impact such concessions, which would have a material 
adverse effect on EDP's business, financial condition, results of operations and prospects. 
EDP's business is also affected by other general laws and regulations in the various jurisdictions in which 
it operates, including taxes, levies and other charges, which may be amended, or subject to varying 
interpretations, from time to time. Rapid or significant modification in such laws and regulations could 
impose additional costs on EDP, such as compliance costs or the restriction of business opportunities, 
among others. EDP cannot guarantee that current laws and regulations will not be rapidly or significantly 
modified or that their interpretation by relevant authorities will differ in the future, whether in response to 
public pressure or initiated by regulatory, judicial or legislative authorities. 
In addition, other laws and regulations may in the future become applicable to EDP and/or the business 
activities in which EDP is engaged, which could have a material adverse effect on EDP's business, financial 
condition, results of operations and prospects. 
EDP's cash flow is subject to possible changes in the amounts and timings of the recovery of the 
regulatory receivables from the energy systems. 
EDP has annually recognised an amount of regulatory receivables in its statement of financial position that 
is related to its regulated business activities in Portugal, Spain and Brazil. These regulatory receivables are 
to be recovered from the energy system within a pre-determined time period, set by the relevant regulator, 
and any changes in the amount and timings of the recovery of such receivables may have an impact on 
EDP's cash flow. For instance, with respect to regulated energy distribution activities in Portugal and Brazil, 
as well as the generation activities in Spain, a tariff deficit/surplus is generated whenever market conditions 
are different from the regulator's assumptions when setting electricity tariffs for a certain year or, in case of 
deficit, when the regulator or the government decides not to recover all system costs in a given year and 
defer the payment of such regulatory receivables for a number of years. In the past, significant amounts of 
regulatory receivables were generated, mostly in Portugal, Spain and Brazil, meaning that revenues 
collected through electricity tariffs to end-consumers were not sufficient to cover electricity system costs. 
In Portugal, EDP has been able to sell a significant part of its right to receive payment for these amounts 
without recourse, but a portion is still pending to be recovered from the relevant regulators.  The total 
amount of regulatory receivables in EDP's balance sheet can vary significantly within each period, either 
due to an increase or because EDP has sold a portion of its right to receive payment for these receivables 
without recourse. There can be no assurance that, in the future, new amounts of regulatory receivables will 
not continue to be generated or that final amounts received will not be different from the amounts initially 
expected or that EDP will be able to monetise them, which could have a material adverse effect on EDP's 
business, financial condition, results of operation and prospects. For more information see "Regulatory 
Framework – European Energy Policy –Iberian Peninsula". 
EDP's financial condition and results of operations may be adversely affected by natural disasters 
and other calamities, such as earthquakes, storms, extreme weather conditions, pandemic diseases, 
and any similar event. 
The occurrence of a natural disaster or other calamity could significantly affect EDP's operations and 
financial condition, if it occurs in a country or region where EDP operates its business, or from which EDP 
sources materials and/or equipment and components that are essential for the operation, or required in the 
construction and development of, its power plants.

--- Page 18 ---
- 16 - 
 
 
In particular, the outbreak of coronavirus has led to governmental measures imposed around the world to 
stymie the spread of the pandemic. COVID-19 has had and continues to have a significant impact on the 
global economy and society. There is significant uncertainty with respect to the future impact of COVID-
19 and the duration thereof, and as such there can be no assurance that the Group will not be significantly 
impacted or that the Group's efforts to minimise its exposure will prove effective. In particular, continued 
macroeconomic uncertainty and low energy demand could create delays or service disruptions in the 
Group's operational activities should there be any issues in its supply chains and/or the unavailability of its 
suppliers or employees. Access to new funding necessary for its business operations or investments may 
also be more limited or more costly, due to generalised heightened credit risk concerns and financial 
markets' volatility. Moreover, economic uncertainty could lead to a deterioration in creditworthiness and 
significant delays in payments by EDP's counterparties and could increase the risk of default by such 
counterparties, some of whom may currently be benefitting from governmental support measures and which 
upon expiry of such measures could result in increased bad debts for the Group. In addition, EDP could 
also face heightened exchange rate risks for non-EUR denominated businesses as well as liquidity risks if 
cash flows are reduced or existing cash and equivalent liquidity is insufficient to meet EDP's commitments. 
In addition, economic disruption and depressed markets could affect EDP's assets and portfolio (for 
example, by delaying the construction or development of its projects, delaying asset maintenance, delaying 
auctions for new concessions or the execution of its corporate strategy, any of which may lead to an increase 
in costs, loss of profit and potential contractual disputes and penalties), processes (for example, by causing 
service disruptions among its critical suppliers), human resources, in particular key executive management 
or technical personnel (for example, illnesses may lead to health-related absenteeism which may, in turn, 
reduce productivity, as well as know-how and competitiveness in the Group) and IT systems (for example, 
any failure from outsourcers may disrupt the level of maintenance and support available to EDP and its 
business activities). In addition, the adverse macro-economic impact of the pandemic may reduce EDP's 
growth prospects and business profitability. In some countries, an economic downturn could lead to public 
finance difficulties, which alongside possible social unrest may cause unexpected changes in governments 
and government policies that could possibly be negative for EDP's business profitability or growth 
prospects. Any of these factors could have a material adverse effect on EDP's business, financial condition, 
results of operations and prospects. The regulatory and physical risks of climate change could materially 
increase EDP's compliance and operating costs and adversely impact its results of operations and financial 
position. 
Climate change may have a significant and wide-spread impact on EDP's and its stakeholders' activities 
over the medium to long-term. EDP faces transition risks related to the adoption of low-carbon strategies 
implemented to prevent and mitigate the effect of climate change, such as regulatory incentives and 
penalties, carbon pricing systems, energy efficiency solutions and low carbon products/services. The 
implementation of such policies to promote carbon reduction may impact the operations of EDP, in 
particular the operations of EDP's thermal plants which rely on coal and natural gas and are required to 
purchase CO2 certificates, the market price of which fluctuates and can have an adverse impact on EDP's 
costs. In addition, EDP faces physical risks related to changes in physical parameters, such as changes to 
average temperatures, structural changes in water and/or wind volumes and solar exposure, average sea 
levels, or the incidence of extreme climatic events, such as storms floods, or temperature extremes that 
would result in a significant impact on EDP's hydro, wind and solar generation revenues as well as on its 
assets' resilience. EDP may not be able to predict, mitigate or adapt to the long-term regulatory and physical 
changes associated with such climate change which could have a material adverse effect on EDP's business, 
financial condition, results of operations and prospects. 
EDP's assets could be damaged by natural and man-made disasters or crisis and EDP could face civil 
liabilities or other losses as a result. 
EDP's assets and facilities are subject to risks and damage associated with fire, explosions, leaks storms, 
acts of terrorism, and other natural or man-made disasters, which may result in damage to EDP's plants, 
infrastructure and nearby properties, injury to employees and others and interruption of operations, which 
may lead to an increase costs and liabilities. EDP's inability to successfully recover should it experience a 
disaster or other business continuity problem could cause material financial loss, loss of human capital, 
regulatory action and reputational harm. While EDP seeks to take precautions against such disasters, 
maintain disaster recovery strategies and purchase levels of insurance coverage that it regards as 
commercially appropriate, should any damage occur and be substantial, EDP could incur losses and 
damages not recoverable under insurance policies in force, which may in turn impact EDP's assets, business, 
financial condition, prospects or results of operations.

--- Page 19 ---
- 17 - 
 
 
Such events could cause severe damage to EDP's power plants, distribution networks and facilities, 
requiring extensive repair or the replacement of costly equipment and may limit EDP's ability to operate 
and generate income from such facilities for a period of time. Such incidents could also cause significant 
damage to natural resources or property belonging to third parties, or personal injuries, which could lead to 
significant claims against EDP and its subsidiaries. The insurance coverage that EDP maintains for such 
natural disasters, catastrophic accidents and acts of terrorism may become unavailable or be insufficient to 
cover losses or liabilities related to certain of these risks. 
Furthermore, the consequences of these events may create significant and long-lasting environmental or 
health hazards and pollution and may be harmful or a nuisance to neighbouring residents. EDP may be 
required to pay damages or fines, clean up environmental damage or dismantle power plants in order to 
comply with environmental or health and safety regulations. Environmental laws in certain jurisdictions in 
which EDP operates, including the United States, impose liability, and sometimes liability without regard 
to fault, for releases of hazardous substances into the environment. EDP could be liable under these laws 
and regulations at current and former facilities and third party sites. 
EDP may also face civil liabilities or fines in the ordinary course of its business as a result of damages to 
third parties caused by the natural and man-made disasters mentioned above. These liabilities may result in 
EDP being required to make indemnification payments in accordance with applicable laws that may not be 
fully covered by its insurance policies. 
A disruption or failure of the EDP Group's systems or operations in the event of a major earthquake, flood, 
weather event, public health crisis, cyber-attack, terrorist attack or other catastrophic event could affect 
EDP's operations and financial condition if it occurs in a country or region where EDP operates its business, 
or from which EDP sources materials and/or equipment and components that are essential for the operation, 
or required in the construction and development of, its power plants. A catastrophic event that results in the 
destruction or disruption of any of the Group's critical business or energy infrastructure could harm its 
ability to conduct normal business operations and, consequently, its results of operations. Such natural 
disasters and other catastrophic events may result in additional costs in replacing equipment and 
infrastructure, potential difficulties in executing maintenance of EDP's assets and possible legal liabilities 
and reputational harm. 
In particular, EDP has an interest in a nuclear power plant through EDP España, S.A.U. (formerly 
Hidroelectrica del Cantábrico S.A.U., "EDP España"), which holds a 15.5 per cent. interest in the Trillo 
nuclear power plant in Spain. As required by the international treaties ratified by Spain, Spanish law and 
regulations limit the liability of nuclear plant operators for nuclear accidents. Spanish law provides that the 
operator of each nuclear facility is liable for up to €700 million as a result of claims relating to a single 
nuclear accident. EDP would be liable for its proportional share of this €700 million amount. Trillo has 
insurance to cover potential liabilities related to third parties arising from a nuclear accident in Trillo for 
up to €700 million, including environment liability up to the same limit. In the proportion of EDP España's 
stake in Trillo, EDP could be subject to the risks arising from the operation of nuclear facilities and the 
storage and handling of radioactive materials.  Any such calamities are likely to result in a worsened macro-
economic environment and could have a material adverse effect on EDP's business, financial condition, 
results of operations and prospects. 
EDP is subject to compliance costs as well as liabilities under environmental, health and safety laws 
and regulations. 
EDP's businesses are subject to numerous environmental regulations. These include national, regional and 
local laws and regulations of the different countries in which EDP operates, as well as supra-national laws, 
particularly EU regulations and directives and international environmental agreements. More restrictive or 
less favourable regulations, or the stricter interpretation of current regulations, such as an obligation to 
modify existing power plants and associated facilities or the implementation of additional inspection, 
monitoring, clean up or remediation procedures, could lead to changes in EDP's operating conditions that 
might require additional capital expenditure, increase its operating costs or otherwise hinder the 
development of its business. Environmental regulations affecting EDP's businesses primarily relate to air 
emissions, water and soil pollution, waste disposal and electromagnetic fields. 
EDP continues to operate according to its current CO2 management practices and according to existing 
legislation and regulations regarding these emissions. There can be no assurance, however, that EDP will 
manage its CO2 emissions to be less than or equal to the number of emission allowances it holds (or

--- Page 20 ---
- 18 - 
 
 
otherwise acquires) nor that the current relevant European or local laws, regulations and targets will not be 
subject to change in the future. Less stringent CO2 regulations in the EU may cause the price for CO2 
allowances to decrease and as a consequence power prices to fall, which would in turn impact EDP's gross 
margin in the short term and lead to slower deployment of new renewable capacity, thus reducing EDP's 
growth prospects in the long-term. 
Apart from CO2, the major waste products of electricity generation using fossil fuels are sulphur dioxide, 
nitrogen oxide, and particulate matter, such as dust and ash. A primary focus of the environmental 
regulations applicable to EDP's business is to reduce these emissions, and EDP may have to incur 
significant costs in the future to comply with environmental regulations that require the implementation of 
preventive, mitigation or remediation measures. Environmental regulation may include emission limits, 
cap-and-trade mechanisms, taxes or remediation measures, among others, and may determine EDP's 
policies in ways that affect its business decisions and strategy, notably discouraging the use of certain fuels. 
EDP has incurred, and will continue to incur, capital and operating expenditures and other costs in the 
ordinary course of business in complying with safety and environmental laws and regulations in the 
jurisdictions in which it operates. Although EDP does not currently anticipate any significant capital 
expenditure in connection with environmental regulations outside of the ordinary course of business, EDP 
can provide no assurance that such capital expenditure will not be incurred or required in the future. 
Additionally, EDP may incur costs outside of the ordinary course of business to compensate for any 
environmental or other harm caused by its facilities or to repair damages resulting from any accident or act 
of sabotage. 
In certain jurisdictions, EDP may be under a legal or contractual obligation to dismantle its facilities and 
restore the related site to a specified standard at the end of its operating term. In some cases, EDP is required 
to provide collateral for these obligations. EDP usually includes a provision in its accounts for dismantling 
and decommissioning costs based on its estimates of such costs, but there is no guarantee that such 
provisions reflect all its dismantling obligations costs or the real costs incurred or to be incurred. As such, 
EDP may incur higher costs than provisioned and/or expected, which could have a material adverse effect 
on EDP's business, financial condition, results of operations and prospects. 
Violations of environmental laws protecting migratory birds and endangered species in certain jurisdictions 
may also result in criminal penalties and fines. EDP's operational performance and profitability may also 
be adversely affected by changes in health and safety regulations in the future. Changes in health and safety 
regulations may affect the design of industrial equipment in the future or the manner in which EDP's power 
plants are constructed, including in ways that materially adversely affect EDP's operational performance or 
EDP's profitability, business, financial condition, results of operations and prospects. 
Changes in electricity, sale prices and other revenue related assumptions, or changes in costs with 
fuel and CO2 license could result in lower than expected revenue, higher than expected costs, 
decreased profitability and generation asset impairments. 
Electricity generation assets have a significant portion of their revenues derived from market prices or 
contracted sales. Additionally, the cost of fuel and CO2 allowances represent a significant portion of the 
total cost related to EDP's thermal generation. As a result, a decrease in sales prices for any given reason 
and/or an increase in the cost of either coal, natural gas or CO2 licenses could make any given generation 
asset less competitive than energy produced from other sources, which could decrease revenues, increase 
costs and the profitability of EDP's coal plants. If EDP's thermal plants suffer a decrease in profitability or 
otherwise, EDP could be required to recognise an impairment of its assets. If EDP is required to recognise 
additional impairments and incur added expenses relating to accelerated depreciation and amortisation, 
decommissioning, reclamation and cancellation of long-term fuel contracts of such generating plants and 
facilities, it could materially adversely affect EDP's operational performance or EDP's profitability, 
business, financial condition, results of operations and prospects. 
2. 
Risks relating to the strategy of EDP 
For further information on the strategy of EDP, please see "EDP and the EDP Group - Strategy of EDP".

--- Page 21 ---
- 19 - 
 
 
EDP may be exposed to additional risks if it performs mergers and acquisitions ("M&A") activities. 
EDP may seek opportunities to expand its operations in the future through strategic acquisitions or re-focus 
its core business activities or markets through strategic and/or non-core divestments. EDP plans to assess 
each investment based on extensive financial and market analysis, which may include certain assumptions. 
The process of exploring, assessing and conducting M&A activity can be time consuming and costly in 
terms of the time spent by EDP's management identifying and assessing whether a divestment or acquisition 
is in line with EDP's strategy, the expenses EDP is required to commit in advisory fees, the costs of 
financing such a transaction, the process of obtaining relevant surveys, licenses and approvals and the legal 
due diligence EDP is required to undertake.   
Even if EDP is satisfied with the benefits of a particular transaction, there can be no guarantees that EDP 
will successfully complete such M&A activity as it may be unable to agree acceptable terms of sale or 
purchase, or be unable to obtain the necessary licenses and approvals from regulatory authorities. This 
could happen at any stage during M&A activity, even when EDP has already spent considerable time, 
resources and expenses on a transaction. Conversely, if a transaction can be agreed, there can be no 
guarantees that EDP will be able to realise the identified, diligenced and assumed benefits from such M&A 
activity or that any new assets, staff or businesses can be integrated with its existing operations. 
As such, there can be no certainty that EDP will manage such issues relating to its M&A activity 
successfully, that it will successfully integrate or complete its M&A activity or realise the anticipated 
synergies or benefits of such M&A activity. Any failure or perceived failure by EDP in this regard could 
have a material adverse effect on its reputation and on its business, financial condition, or results of 
operations, including the sustainability of EDP's business over time which could, in turn, impact its ability 
to meet its obligations under any Instruments. 
Increased focus by investors on environmental, social and governance matters may impact EDP's 
business and reputation. 
Environmental, social and governance ("ESG") matters are of increasing importance, with companies 
facing heightened scrutiny for their performance on a variety of ESG matters, which are considered to 
contribute to the long-term sustainability of companies' performance. 
A variety of organisations measure the performance of companies on such ESG topics, and the results of 
these assessments are widely publicised. In addition, investment in funds that specialise in companies that 
perform well in such assessments are increasingly popular, and major institutional investors have publicly 
emphasised the importance of such ESG measures to their investment decisions. Topics taken into account 
in such assessments include, among others, EDP's efforts and impacts on climate change ethics and 
compliance with law, and the role of EDP's boards of directors in supervising various sustainability issues. 
A number of advocacy groups, both domestic and international, have campaigned for governmental and 
private action to promote change at public companies related to ESG matters. These activities include 
demands for action related to climate change, promoting the use of substitutes to fossil fuel products, and 
encouraging the divestment of companies in the fossil fuel industry. 
There can be no certainty that EDP will manage such issues successfully, or that it will successfully meet 
its ESG targets and society's expectations. Any failure or perceived failure by EDP in this regard could 
have a material adverse effect on its reputation and on its business, financial condition, or results of 
operations, including the sustainability of EDP's business over time. 
EDP is exposed to the uncertainty of the macroeconomic, political and social environment. 
EDP's operational results and capacity to execute its strategy are directly related to, among other factors, 
the political and social conditions as well as the general level of economic activity in the countries in which 
EDP operates. The global economy and the global financial system have in the past experienced periods of 
significant turbulence and uncertainty, including a very severe dislocation of the financial markets and 
stress to the sovereign debt and economies of certain EU countries including Portugal and Spain where 
EDP has a significant presence. This market dislocation was historically accompanied by recessionary 
conditions and trends in many economies throughout the EU. 
Additionally, even under normal economic and social conditions, EDP cannot predict how the economic 
cycle will develop or whether there will be a deterioration of the economic situation globally or in Portugal,

--- Page 22 ---
- 20 - 
 
 
Spain, Brazil and the United States or any other country where EDP operates. As a result of any such 
recessionary conditions or economic deterioration, and resultant loss of liquidity in the global economy, 
executing EDP's strategy could prove to be more challenging. 
Furthermore, the EDP Group is subject to risks associated with the instability of the political and social 
environment in each of the jurisdictions where it operates, including among other things, (i) increase in 
taxation; (ii) lower and/or less financially attractive investment opportunities as consequence of negative 
evolution of public policy on the energy sector; (iii) changes in regulation which impose additional costs 
or reduce revenues for EDP; (iv) expropriation or nationalisation of assets; (v) attacks on EDP's energy 
infrastructure; (vi) foreign exchange controls; (vii) taxes on remittances and other payments by subsidiaries; 
(viii) requirements to comply with conflicting national and local regulatory requirements; (ix) potential 
difficulties in staffing and labor disputes; and (x) civil disturbances and governmental instability. The 
occurrence of any of these risks could have a material adverse effect on EDP's business, financial condition, 
results of operations and prospects. 
EDP may not be able to keep pace with the rapidly evolving technological changes in the energy 
sector which could adversely impact its ability to increase, or maintain, its competitiveness. 
The technologies used in the energy sector have undergone rapid changes in the past and may in the future 
continue to change rapidly as techniques to generate, distribute and retail electricity are constantly 
improving and becoming more complex. In order for EDP to maintain its competitiveness and to expand 
its business, it must effectively adjust to such technological changes. In particular, technologies related to 
power generation, electricity transmission, distribution and supply of energy related services are constantly 
updated and modified. EDP may be unable to identify, acquire or develop these technologies in a timely 
manner or without significant investment. If EDP is unable to modernise its technologies quickly and 
regularly and to take advantage of industry trends, it could face increased pressure from competitors and 
lose market share in the markets in which it operates. EDP could also lose valuable opportunities to expand 
its operations in existing and new markets if it is unable to integrate new technologies into its operations. 
Specifically, the evolution of technologies relating to distributed solar generation, utility-scale solar 
generation, floating and non-floating offshore wind generation, electricity storage and batteries and 
demand-side management may in the future come to be critical to EDP's competitive position and business 
prospects. In addition, other technologies which are currently deemed less important or others which may 
yet be developed have the potential to have equally or more disruptive impacts in the energy sector and on 
EDP's competitiveness. Moreover, new entrants in the supply, energy management and services sectors 
such as aggregators and players skilled in managing demand-side capacity and/or in the internet-of-things 
technology may also disrupt these business segments and cause EDP to lose market share. There can be no 
assurance that EDP will be able to identify, invest in or acquire the necessary technologies to increase or 
maintain its competitiveness, which in turn could have a material adverse effect on EDP's business, 
financial condition, results of operations and prospects. 
EDP depends on relationships with joint venture partners and other third parties for revenues. 
EDP has in the past invested in assets alongside other business partners or executed M&A deals such that 
created jointly-held assets, with EDP holding a minority interest, control or equal rights. Some of these 
joint ventures are significant to the successful execution of EDP's strategy, such as the joint-venture with 
Engie, société anonyme ("Engie") in offshore wind generation. 
In these instances of joint-ventures, business partnerships or other shared asset holdings in which EDP is 
currently involved or may be in the future, there is a risk of governance disputes causing operational or 
managerial difficulties such as slower decision making, limitations in asset rotation deals, increased 
difficulty in refinancing these businesses or adverse spillover reputational effects from a business partner's 
actions. These examples or other forms of governance risks can result in reduced profitability, reputational 
risks or other impacts in the perceived value of EDP. Although no such issues have materially affected EDP 
in the past, there can be no assurance of that being the case in the future. 
Joint venture transactions present certain operational risks, including the possibility that joint venture 
partners may have economic, business or legal interests or goals that are inconsistent with those of EDP, 
may become bankrupt, may refuse to make additional investments that EDP deems necessary or desirable 
or may prove otherwise unwilling or unable to fulfil their obligations under the relevant joint venture 
agreements. To the extent that EDP does not control a joint venture, the joint venture partners may take 
action that is not in accordance with EDP's policies or objectives. For example, joint venture partners may

--- Page 23 ---
- 21 - 
 
 
have the ability to block business, financial or management decisions, such as the decision to distribute 
dividends or appoint members of management, which may be crucial to the success of the project or to the 
investment in the project or otherwise implement initiatives that are contrary to EDP's interest. In addition, 
there is a risk that such joint venture partners may ultimately become competitors of EDP. 
Further, the success of these joint ventures also depends, in large part, on the satisfactory performance by 
EDP's joint venture partners of their contractual, financial, legal, regulatory and other obligations, including 
their obligation to commit working capital, equity or credit support, to support their indemnification and 
other contractual obligations and to comply with applicable laws and regulations. If a joint venture partner 
fails to perform its obligations satisfactorily or the relationship between the joint venture partners 
deteriorates or, ultimately, breaks down, for whatever reason, the joint venture may be unable to adequately 
perform or deliver its contracted services. Under these circumstances, EDP may be required to make 
additional investment and provide additional resources to ensure the adequate performance and delivery of 
the contracted services and there can be no assurance that EDP will recover any additional investment or 
additional resource in a timely manner or at all. This could in turn have a material adverse effect on EDP's 
business, financial condition, results of operations and prospects. 
EDP is subject to increasing competition in the markets and regions where it operates. 
Structural changes in competition in the markets where EDP operates may have an impact on EDP's 
business activity, such as new entrants to the market, declines in demand, excess capacity or the launch of 
marketing campaigns, products or services. 
In its Renewables segment, increased competition may cause EDP to be unsuccessful in obtaining licences 
for the construction or operation of new power plants, in acquiring available sites and grid interconnection 
rights, and in setting prices for energy produced. Although EDP has generally been able to obtain a 
sufficient number of interconnection rights through tender processes in the past, there is no certainty that it 
will be able to obtain such rights in the future, particularly in light of an increasingly competitive 
environment. Failure to obtain these rights may cause delays to, or prevent the development of, EDP's wind 
and solar power projects and affect the recoverability of any cost incurred. In addition, EDP's existing or 
future interconnection rights may not be sufficient to allow EDP to deliver electricity to a particular market 
or buyer. Wind and solar farms can be negatively affected by transmission congestion from other companies 
when there is insufficient available transmission capacity, which could result in lower prices for wind and 
solar farms selling power into locally priced markets, such as certain U.S. markets. The renewable energy 
market has been subject to an increase in the number of competitors with different backgrounds (including 
traditional companies operating in the utilities sector, newly specialised renewable companies, financial 
investors, companies from the oil and gas sector and others). These and other competitors may benefit from 
a number of advantages, including control of significantly greater resources, wider diversification of risk, 
larger financial capacity, improved economies of scale, enhanced specialisation and technological 
innovation and/or broader or deeper technical and operational expertise. Increased competition may hinder 
the ability of EDP to grow its installed renewable capacity and deliver its strategic targets. 
In its Network segment, EDP also faces competition with respect to its electricity transmission and 
distribution businesses, namely through competitive bids in auctions for new concessions and or/renewal 
of existing concessions in the different geographies where EDP is present or seeks new business. Increased 
competition could materially adversely affect the profitability and growth of this particular business and, 
in turn, the profitability of EDP. 
In its Client Solutions and Energy Management segment, the liberalised markets in Portugal, Spain and 
Brazil, which were created to increase competitiveness in electricity and natural gas supply markets, have 
observed aggressiveness of retail offers from suppliers competing with EDP and added further volatility in 
terms of market shares and unit price margins. Moreover, there is a risk that the liberalised markets may 
result in deviations in actual consumption that differ from EDP Group's forecasting model. EDP may not 
be able to anticipate the various risks and opportunities that may arise in the liberalised markets in Portugal, 
Spain and Brazil's electricity and natural gas markets, and the eventual end of the role of last resort suppliers 
in the regulated market, which could have a material adverse effect on EDP's business, financial condition, 
results of operations and prospects. 
EDP may also increasingly face new entrants with distinct competitive advantages in terms of technological 
skills and distribution channels, namely in decentralised solar, electric mobility, demand-side management 
and internet-of-things sectors. Such competition, being generally different from the traditional players of

--- Page 24 ---
- 22 - 
 
 
this industry, may make it more difficult for EDP to achieve its strategy or may cause it to lose market share 
in existing businesses. 
EDP's international operations are exposed to a variety of economic, social and political risks which 
have a material adverse effect on EDP's results of operations and financial condition. 
EDP has a significant share of its activities distributed across various countries, including in Latin America 
and North America. In the future, EDP may increase the share of its operations in these geographies and/or 
enter new countries. Investments in Latin America, North America and other countries outside the Eurozone 
present a different or greater financial risk profile to EDP than those made in the Eurozone. As a result, 
EDP is exposed to a variety of global and local economic, political, regulatory and social conditions, 
including, among others: (i) energy market risks; (ii) compliance with local legislation; (iii) economic 
volatility; (iv) exchange rate fluctuations and exchange controls; (v) differing levels of inflationary 
pressures; (vi) differing levels of government involvement in the domestic economy; (vii) political 
uncertainty; and (viii) unanticipated changes in regulatory or legal regimes. 
In some geographies where EDP operates or others where it may enter in the future, public institutions and 
governments may be characterised by lack of transparency, corruption, lower level law enforcement and 
difficulties in protection of contractual and property rights or other practices that go against EDP's ethical 
principles and legislation or regulations to which it is subject in other countries, namely anti-corruption 
and/or anti-bribery legislation. In addition, EDP's activities and/or procedures in a given country may be 
affected by legislation, sanctions, embargoes or other restrictions imposed by another country. Failure to 
comply with any of these regulations and laws may result in fines or penalties and legal liabilities. 
Moreover, some regions may face heightened risks of terrorism, civil unrest, war or other threats to the 
safety of EDP's or its affiliates' employees, assets and/or facilities. These impacts, alongside other economic 
risks related to inflationary pressures, capital flow and exchange rate controls and unexpected political 
intervention in the economy create additional risks for EDP that could adversely materialise into lower 
profitability, difficulties in receiving cashflows from subsidiaries or affiliates, loss of assets or their 
economic value, reputational impact and legal exposure. 
EDP may in the future be subject to a change of control. 
 
As a publicly listed issuer, EDP – Energias de Portugal, S.A.'s shares may be the subject of a tender offer 
or the subject of any transaction resulting in one or more entities acquiring control of the majority of voting 
rights in EDP – Energias de Portugal, S.A. 
 
In the event of such a change of control, a majority shareholder may have, directly or indirectly, the power 
to affect, among other things, the capital structure, asset base and the day-to-day operations of EDP, as well 
as the ability to elect and change the management of EDP and the ability to approve other changes to the 
operations and strategies of EDP and the Group. There can be no assurance that the Group would not be 
materially impacted should a change of control result in any of these events, which could, in turn, have a 
material adverse effect on the business, financial condition, results of operations and prospects of the Group. 
 
EDP B.V. is a funding vehicle for the EDP Group. 
EDP B.V. is a funding vehicle for the EDP Group and its sole purpose is to raise finance in the international 
loan and capital markets and provide funds and investment services to the EDP Group, including by entering 
into intra‐group loan agreements. EDP B.V. is exposed to interest rate risk and currency risk over its 
outstanding intra‐ group loans and external borrowings, which could adversely impact its ability to meet its 
financial obligations. EDP B.V. does not engage in any other activity and does not have any other sources 
of revenue. Therefore, given its sole purpose as a funding vehicle for the EDP Group, any risk factors 
affecting the ability of other companies in the EDP Group to meet their financial obligations also affect 
EDP B.V. and should be read accordingly. 
3. 
Risks relating to EDP's operational activities 
For further information on the business of EDP, see "EDP and the EDP Group".

--- Page 25 ---
- 23 - 
 
 
 
EDP may encounter problems and delays constructing or connecting its electricity generation, 
transmission and distribution facilities. 
EDP faces risks relating to the construction of its electricity generation, transmission and distribution 
facilities, including risks relating to the availability of equipment from reliable suppliers, availability of 
building materials and key components, availability of key personnel, including qualified engineering 
personnel, delays in construction timetables and completion of the projects within budget and estimate date 
of commissioning and to required specifications. EDP may also encounter various setbacks such as adverse 
weather conditions, difficulties in connecting to electricity transmission grids, construction defects, 
delivery failures by suppliers, unexpected delays in obtaining zoning and other permits and authorisations 
or legal actions brought by third parties. Such problems or delays could expose EDP to a variety of costs, 
including, among others, increasing EDP's construction costs, exposing it to contractual damages, or 
delaying when EDP expects to begin accruing benefits under such facilities or contracts. In addition, a 
decision to postpone or cancel construction of a project may lead to penalties and a loss of payments 
performed, for example, in connection with concession licence rights. The occurrence of any of these 
events, whether individually or cumulatively, could have a material adverse effect on EDP business, 
financial condition, and/or results of operations. 
Equipment failure at its power plants, electricity transmission and/or distribution networks may 
negatively impact EDP's results of operations and financial performance. 
EDP's business and ability to generate revenue depend on the availability and operating performance of the 
equipment necessary to operate its power plants and electricity transmission and distribution networks. 
Mechanical failures or other defects in equipment, or accidents that result in non-performance or under-
performance of a power plant or electricity transmission or distribution network could have a material 
adverse effect on EDP's business, financial condition, results of operations and prospects. The cost to EDP 
of these failures or defects is reduced to the extent that EDP has the benefit of warranties or guarantees 
provided by equipment suppliers that cover the costs of repair or replacement of defective components or 
mechanical failures, or the losses resulting from such accidents can be partially recoverable by insurance 
policies in force. However, while EDP typically receives liquidated damages from suppliers for shortfalls 
in performance or availability (up to an agreed cap and for a limited period of time), there can be no 
assurance that such liquidated damages would fully compensate EDP for the shortfall and resulting decrease 
in revenues or penalties incurred, or that such suppliers will be able or willing to fulfil such warranties and 
guarantees, which in some cases may result in costly and time-consuming litigation or other proceedings, 
which could have a material adverse effect on EDP's business, financial condition, results of operations and 
prospects. 
Information technology ("IT") system failures or breaches could materially adversely affect EDP's 
operations. 
EDP's IT systems are critically important in supporting all of its business activities. Failures in EDP's IT 
systems could result from technical malfunctions, human error, lack of system capacity, security or software 
breaches. The introduction of new technologies and the development of new uses, such as social 
networking, expose EDP to new threats. In addition, cyber-attacks and hacking attempts to which 
companies may fall victim are increasingly targeted and carried out by specialists. Any failure or 
malfunctioning of EDP's IT systems could seriously affect its businesses and result in, among other things, 
breaches of confidentiality, delays or loss of data. 
EDP has in the past been, and may in the future be, the target of cyber-attacks. There can be no assurance 
that the Group will not be materially impacted by cyber-attacks in the future, which could have a material 
adverse effect on EDP's business, financial condition, results of operations and prospects. 
In addition, EDP also collects and stores sensitive data from customers, business partners, suppliers, 
institutional stakeholders and internal confidential information that is needed for its operations. This data 
is subject to data privacy protection regulations, namely the General Data Protection Regulation in the EU. 
Any events related to cyber-attacks, security breaches, computer viruses, malware or other that result in the 
loss of control of this data can potentially have a negative impact on EDP by means of regulatory fines, 
legal claims or liabilities, loss of customer confidence, reputational effects and otherwise materially 
adversely affect EDP's business, results of operations, financial condition and prospects. EDP's strategy 
also encompasses a commitment to digitalising its operations and technology in order to allow EDP to

--- Page 26 ---
- 24 - 
 
 
become more agile, flexible, global and efficient. Failure to meet such commitment could have a material 
adverse effect on EDP's business, financial condition, results of operations and prospects. 
EDP's power plants are susceptible to industrial accidents, and employees or third parties may suffer 
bodily injury or death as a result of such accidents. 
The design and manufacturing process is ultimately controlled by EDP's equipment suppliers or 
manufacturers rather than EDP, and there can be no assurance that accidents will not result during the 
installation or operation of this equipment. Such accidents or events could cause severe damage to EDP's 
power plants and facilities, requiring extensive repair or the replacement of costly equipment and may limit 
EDP's ability to operate and generate income from such facilities for a period of time. Such incidents could 
also cause significant damage to natural resources or property belonging to third parties, or personal 
injuries, which could lead to significant claims against EDP and its subsidiaries. The insurance coverage 
that EDP maintains for such natural disasters, catastrophic accidents and acts of terrorism may become 
unavailable or be insufficient to cover losses or liabilities related to certain of these risks. The 
materialisation of any of these risks could have a material adverse effect on EDP's business, financial 
condition, results of operations and prospects. 
EDP is unable to insure itself fully or against all potential risks and may become subject to higher 
insurance premiums. 
EDP's business is exposed to the inherent risks in the construction and operation of power plants, electricity 
distribution and transmission grids and other energy related facilities, such as mechanical breakdowns, 
manufacturing defects, natural disasters, terrorist attacks, sabotage, personal injury and other interruptions 
in service resulting from events outside of EDP's control. EDP is also exposed to environmental risks, 
including environmental conditions that may affect, destroy, damage or impair any of its facilities. EDP 
has taken out insurance policies to cover certain risks associated with its business and it has put in place 
insurance coverage that it considers to be commensurate with its business structure and risk profile, in line 
with general market practice. EDP cannot be certain, however, that its current insurance policies will fully 
insure it against all risks and losses that may arise in the future. Malfunctions or interruptions of service at 
EDP's facilities could also expose it to legal challenges and sanctions which may not be covered by 
insurance. 
In addition, while EDP has not made any material claims to date under its insurance policies that would 
make any policy void or result in an increase to the premiums payable in respect of any policy, EDP's 
insurance policies are subject to annual review by its insurers and EDP cannot be certain that these policies 
will be renewed at all or on similar or favourable terms. 
If EDP suffers loss or damage that is not covered by insurance (including where EDP has decided to absorb 
the risk through self-coverage) or which exceeds its insurance cover, or has to pay higher insurance premia, 
or fails to adequately manage internal premia (where EDP owns a captive insurer and thus self-insures part 
of its operational risks in order to optimise its insurance programs in terms of risk held and premia costs), 
this could have a material adverse effect on EDP's business, financial condition, results of operations and 
prospects. 
EDP may have difficulty in hiring and retaining qualified personnel. 
In order to maintain and expand its business, EDP needs to recruit, promote and maintain executive 
management and qualified technical personnel. An inability in the future to attract or retain sufficient 
technical and managerial personnel could limit or delay EDP's development efforts or negatively affect its 
operations. 
The loss of key executive management or technical personnel could lead to a loss of specific know-how in 
several areas of EDP's activities, namely but not exclusively energy management, financial management, 
renewables supply chain management, thermal plants supply chain management, renewables' site discovery 
and project development, dispatch of power networks and power plants, maintenance of power networks 
and power plants or construction and dismantling of power plants. There can be no assurance that such 
losses will not occur or that adequate replacement would be found, which exposes EDP to a potential loss 
of competitiveness possibly resulting in diminished profitability and growth prospects, which could have a 
material adverse effect on EDP's business, financial condition, results of operations and prospects.

--- Page 27 ---
- 25 - 
 
 
EDP is subject to the risk of labour disputes, adverse employee relations and shortage of key 
personnel, each of which could adversely affect its operations and business 
Labour disputes could result in work stoppages, thereby damaging EDP's operations and cause EDP to 
obtain lower revenues due to fall in sales or to incur in additional costs, such as increased labour costs or 
other liabilities. Although EDP has not experienced any significant labour disputes or work stoppages to 
date, its existing labour agreements may not prevent a strike or work stoppage at any of EDP's facilities in 
the future. 
Shortage of key personnel could lead to difficulties in executing critical operations and assuring the normal 
flow of the various activities that EDP executes. This could potentially lead to unexpected costs, loss of 
revenue and legal liabilities. 
The materialisation of any of these risks could have a material adverse effect on EDP's business, financial 
condition, results of operations and prospects. 
EDP is a party in certain litigation proceedings. 
EDP is, has been, and may be from time to time in the future, subject to a number of claims and disputes in 
connection with its business activities. In the ordinary course of business, EDP and the EDP Group may be 
party to litigation or subject to non-litigated claims and investigations, whether of a legal, regulatory or 
taxation-related nature, arising out of the normal operations of its global business. EDP cannot ensure that 
it will prevail in any of these disputes or that it has adequately reserved or insured against any potential 
losses. Consequently, any such litigation, proceedings or disputes may have a material adverse effect on 
EDP's reputation and results of operations.   
See "EDP and the EDP Group - Litigation" for further information.  
4. 
Risks relating to the financial markets and financial activities of EDP 
Foreign exchange rate fluctuations may negatively impact EDP's results of operations and financial 
condition. 
EDP is subject to the risk associated with fluctuations in the cost of the purchase and sale of fossil fuels, 
electricity and related services, and with the cost of investments denominated in foreign currencies. EDP is 
also subject to the risk of transactional foreign currency, as well as currency fluctuations which can occur 
when EDP incurs revenue in one currency and costs in another, or its assets or liabilities are denominated 
in foreign currency, and there is an adverse currency fluctuation in the value of net assets, debt and income 
denominated in foreign currencies (and in the extreme case, exchange rate and capital controls). 
Moreover, certain of EDP's operating subsidiaries have in the past and may in the future enter into 
agreements or incur substantial capital expenditure denominated in a currency that is different from the 
currency in which they generate revenues, creating a potential exposure to loss of profitability in the event 
of one or both of these currencies' exchange rate adversely changing. 
EDP is also exposed to currency translation risk when the accounts of its businesses outside the Eurozone, 
denominated in the respective local currencies, are translated into its consolidated accounts, denominated 
in Euros, creating a potential exposure to loss of economic value in the event of one or more currencies' 
exchange rate adversely changing. 
Although EDP attempts to naturally hedge currency fluctuation risks by matching its non-euro costs with 
revenues in the same currency as well as by using various financial instruments, there can be no assurance 
that EDP will always be successful in doing so. 
There can be no assurance that EDP's efforts to mitigate the effects of currency exchange rate fluctuations 
will be successful, that EDP will continue to undertake hedging activities or that any current or future 
hedging activities EDP undertakes will adequately protect its financial condition and operating results from 
the effects of exchange rate fluctuations, that these activities will not result in additional losses or that EDP's 
other risk management policies will operate successfully.

--- Page 28 ---
- 26 - 
 
 
EDP's financial position may be adversely affected by volatility in the financial markets. 
EDP relies on access to short-term commercial paper, money markets and long-term bank and capital 
markets as sources of finance. In recent years, global financial markets have experienced extreme volatility 
and disruption and ongoing adverse financial market conditions, which could increase EDP's cost of 
financing in the future, particularly as a result of its debt refinancing requirements. An increase in short-
term or long-term base interest rates could also negatively impact EDP's cost of debt and reduce cash 
available for servicing EDP's indebtedness, particularly given its floating rate exposure. If EDP is unable 
to access capital at competitive rates or at all to finance its operations, implement its strategy, or service 
obligations, it may be forced to reduce or delay investments and capital expenditure, sell assets, seek 
additional capital or restructure or refinance its indebtedness. The effect of any of these, whether 
individually or aggregately, could impact EDP’s financial liquidity, and thus its ability to repay Noteholders. 
EDP's financial position may be adversely affected by changes to EDP's credit ratings. 
Some of EDP's debt is rated by credit rating agencies. Any downgrade in EDP's credit ratings could have a 
material adverse effect on EDP's business, financial condition, results of operations and prospects. In the 
event of a rating downgrade it is possible that EDP's funding options would be reduced and the cost of new 
debt would increase. 
EDP is exposed to counterparty risk in some of its businesses. 
EDP's electricity, natural gas and services supply to final customers, its energy wholesale activities in the 
Iberian Peninsula and in international markets, as well as its PPAs, in countries such as the United States, 
Italy, Belgium and Brazil, are all subject to counterparty risk. 
In the normal course of its financial management, EDP enters into agreements (deposits, underwritten credit 
facilities and derivative instruments) with diversified financial institutions. Similarly, EDP also maintains 
contractual relationships with suppliers of goods and services which are critical to the continuous 
functioning of its operations. 
EDP is dependent on such counterparties continuing to comply with and perform their contractual 
obligations to ensure there is no disruption to EDP's operational, commercial and financial activities. While 
EDP seeks to mitigate counterparty risk by entering into transactions with creditworthy entities, by setting 
counterparty exposure limits, by diversifying counterparties and/or by requiring credit support, there can 
be no assurance EDP will be able to successfully do so or that such counterparties will continue to maintain 
and perform their contractual obligations, particularly during any recession or macro-economic downturns. 
Should the creditworthiness or ongoing performance and operations of these counterparties significantly 
change, EDP's operations could be disrupted and its liquidity and financial position negatively affected. 
This could in turn have a material adverse effect on EDP's business, financial condition, results of 
operations and prospects and therefore EDP's obligations under the Instruments. 
EDP may not be able to finance its planned capital expenditure. 
EDP's business activities require significant capital expenditure. EDP expects to finance a substantial part 
of these capital expenditure from cash from its operating activities and proceeds from asset sales. If these 
sources are not sufficient, however, EDP may need to finance certain of its planned capital expenditure 
from outside sources, including bank borrowing, offerings in the capital markets, institutional equity 
partnerships, state grants or divestments. No assurance can be given that EDP will be able to raise the 
financing required for its planned capital expenditure on acceptable terms or at all. If EDP is unable to raise 
such financing, it may have to reduce its planned capital expenditure which could have a material adverse 
effect on EDP's business, financial condition, results of operations and prospects. 
EDP's business requires high upfront investments based on forecasts and estimates of future returns 
that may not be realised. 
EDP has significant construction and capital expenditure requirements, and the recovery of its capital 
investment occurs over a substantial period of time. The capital investment required to develop and 
construct a power plant generally varies based on the cost of the necessary fixed assets, such as material 
equipment costs and labour construction services. The price of such equipment or construction services 
may increase, or continue to increase, if the market demand for such equipment or services is greater than 
available supply, or if the price of key component commodities and raw materials used to build such

--- Page 29 ---
- 27 - 
 
 
equipment increases. In addition, the volatility in commodity prices could increase the overall cost of 
constructing, developing and maintaining power plants in the future. Other factors affecting the amount of 
capital investment required include, among others, construction costs and interconnection costs. The EDP 
Group is also required to commit significant capital expenditure for maintenance purposes throughout the 
operational period of the EDP Group's assets. There can be no assurance such capital expenditure will not 
differ from the levels initially expected, which could have a material adverse effect on EDP's business, 
financial condition, results of operations and prospects. 
Furthermore, EDP makes significant long-term capital expenditure and commitments on the basis of 
forecasts on certain investment parameters, including prices, volumes and interest rates which may turn out 
to be inaccurate. In the event of any material deviations from such estimates, EDP may not earn the expected 
return on related projects. In such instance, and also due to the level of indebtedness of EDP related to the 
capital intensive nature of its business, EDP may find it more difficult to cover the debt interest rate with 
the asset's returns, potentially leading to a competitive disadvantage relative to peers that lead EDP to forgo 
opportunities and/or require EDP to sell assets or issue further equity to meet its financial commitments. 
Additionally, in order to explore growth opportunities, EDP regularly incurs expenditure in exploring, 
developing and planning new projects. Such projects may or may not reach a stage where they become 
fully operational, thus incurring higher than expected costs. The ability to translate EDP's projects from an 
in-development to a fully-operational stage depends on several factors, including, inter alia, the prices, the 
availability of PPAs and the market conditions of where a project is located. 
EDP faces liquidity risk and may face shortage of cash to meet obligations. 
EDP's sources of liquidity include short-term deposits, revolving credit facilities and underwritten 
commercial paper programs with a diversified group of financial institutions. There is the risk of 
devaluation of the financial assets that EDP holds (traded on securities markets) or increased difficulty in 
securing, or increased cost of, short-term refinancing. However, if the creditworthiness of the financial 
institutions on which EDP relies for its funding significantly change or if financial conditions deteriorate, 
EDP's liquidity position could be negatively affected, which could in turn have a material adverse effect on 
EDP's business, financial condition, results of operations and prospects. 
Moreover, EDP's liquidity management also considers expected future incoming cash from its operations 
or financial activities, as well as expected future cash outflows to meet commitments with employees, 
investors, suppliers, counterparties, business partners and other stakeholders. Especially cash inflow, but 
also cash outflow projections can vary significantly and cause EDP to decrease cash and cash equivalent 
holdings and/or to increase external financing to compensate this volatility. If under such a scenario, 
external financing was not readily available or was only available at a higher cost, EDP could face higher 
financing expenses, reputational risks that impair its business prospects or even shortage of cash and failure 
to meet commitments with its stakeholders, which could have a material adverse effect on EDP's business, 
financial condition, results of operations and prospects. 
EDP risks incurring significant future costs with respect to its employee benefit plans. 
EDP grants some of its employees a supplementary retirement and survival plan including death subsidy 
("Pension Plan") as well as a medical plan ("Medical Care Plan"). The liabilities and corresponding 
annual costs of these defined benefit Pension and Medical Care Plans are determined through annual 
actuarial calculations by independent actuaries. The most critical risks relating to employee benefit plans 
accounting often relate to the returns on Pension and Medical Care Plans assets and the discount rate used 
to assess the present value of future payments. Pension and medical care liabilities can place significant 
pressure on cash flows, in particular, if any of EDP's funds become underfunded according to local 
regulations, EDP or its relevant subsidiary may be required to make additional contributions to the funds. 
The Pension and Medical Care Plans in Portugal are currently governed by the collective labour agreement 
entered into in July 2014. 
5. 
Risks relating to the structure of an issue of Instruments 
A wide range of Instruments may be issued under the Programme. A number of these Instruments may 
have features which contain particular risks for potential investors. For further information on the structure 
of the Instruments, please see "Terms and Conditions of the Instruments".

--- Page 30 ---
- 28 - 
 
 
The value of Fixed Rate Instruments may be adversely affected by movements in market interest 
rates. 
Investment in Fixed Rate Instruments involves the risk that if market interest rates subsequently increase 
above the rate paid on the Fixed Rate Instruments, this will adversely affect the value of the Fixed Rate 
Instruments. 
Instruments which are issued at a substantial discount or premium may experience price volatility 
in response to changes in market interest rates. 
The market values of securities issued at a substantial discount (such as Zero Coupon Instruments) or 
premium to their principal amount tend to fluctuate more in relation to general changes in interest rates than 
do prices for more conventional interest-bearing securities. Generally, the longer the remaining term of 
such securities, the greater the price volatility as compared to more conventional interest-bearing securities 
with comparable maturities. 
Risks related to Instruments which are linked to "benchmarks". 
Certain benchmark rates, including LIBOR and EURIBOR, may be discontinued or reformed in the future 
- including the potential phasing-out of LIBOR after 2021. 
The London Interbank Offered Rate ("LIBOR"), the Euro Interbank Offered Rate ("EURIBOR") and other 
interest rate or other types of rates and indices which are deemed to be benchmarks are the subject of 
ongoing national and international regulatory discussions and proposals for reform. Some of these reforms 
are already effective whilst others are still to be implemented. 
Regulation (EU) No. 2016/1011 (the "EU Benchmarks Regulation") applies, subject to transitional 
provisions, to the provision of benchmarks, the contribution of input data to a benchmark and the use of a 
benchmark within the EU. Among other things, it (i) requires benchmark administrators to be authorised 
or registered (or, if non-EU-based, to be subject to an equivalent regime or otherwise recognised or 
endorsed) and (ii) prevents certain uses by EU supervised entities of benchmarks of administrators that are 
not authorised or registered (or, if non-EU based, not deemed equivalent or recognised or endorsed). 
Regulation (EU) 2016/1011 as it forms part of domestic law in the UK by virtue of the EUWA (the "UK 
Benchmarks Regulation") among other things, applies to the provision of benchmarks and the use of a 
benchmark in the UK. Similarly, it prohibits the use in the UK by UK supervised entities of benchmarks of 
administrators that are not authorised by the UK Financial Conduct Authority (the "FCA") or registered on 
the FCA register (or, if non-UK based, not deemed equivalent or recognised or endorsed). The EU 
Benchmarks Regulation and/or the UK Benchmarks Regulation, as applicable, could have a material impact 
on any Instruments linked to LIBOR, EURIBOR or another benchmark rate or index, in particular, if the 
methodology or other terms of the benchmark are changed in order to comply with the terms of the EU 
Benchmarks Regulation and/or the UK Benchmarks Regulation, as applicable. Such changes could, 
amongst other things, have the effect of reducing or increasing the rate or level, or affecting the volatility 
of the published rate or level of the relevant benchmark. 
As an example of such benchmark reforms, the UK Financial Conduct Authority announced on 27 July 
2017 that it will no longer persuade or compel banks to submit rates for the calculation of the LIBOR 
benchmark after 2021 and confirmed on 5 March 2021 that most LIBOR benchmark tenors would cease or 
cease to be representative benchmarks from 31 December 2021 or (in the case of certain tenors of USD 
LIBOR only) from 30 June 2023. On 5 March 2021, the administrator for LIBOR (the ICE Benchmark 
Administration or IBA) similarly announced that it would cease the publication of the relevant LIBOR 
settings on 31 December 2021 or 30 June 2023, unless the FCA exercises its proposed new powers (which 
are included in the current UK Financial Services Bill as proposed amendments to the UK Benchmarks 
Regulation) to require the IBA to continue publishing such LIBOR settings using a changed methodology 
(also known as a "synthetic" basis). Such announcements indicate that LIBOR will not continue in its 
current form and the UK Financial Conduct Authority announcement of 5 March 2021 indicated that it is 
currently contemplating that any "synthetic" basis, if adopted, would be limited to a small number of 
currencies and settings. 
In addition, on 29 November 2017, the Bank of England and the FCA announced that, from January 2018, 
its working group on Sterling risk free rates has been mandated with implementing a broad-based transition 
to the Sterling Overnight Index Average ("SONIA") over the next four years across sterling bond, loan and

--- Page 31 ---
- 29 - 
 
 
derivative markets so that SONIA is established as the primary sterling interest rate benchmark by the end 
of 2021.  On 21 September 2017, the European Central Bank announced that it would be part of a new 
working group tasked with the identification and adoption of a "risk free overnight rate" which can serve 
as a basis for an alternative to current benchmarks used in a variety of financial instruments and contracts 
in the euro area. On 13 September 2018, the working group on Euro risk-free rates recommended the new 
Euro short-term rate ("€STR") as the new risk-free rate for the euro area. The €STR was published for the 
first time on 2 October 2019. Although EURIBOR has been reformed in order to comply with the terms of 
the EU Benchmarks Regulation, it remains uncertain as to how long it will continue in its current form, or 
whether it will be further reformed or replaced with €STR or an alternative benchmark. 
At this time, it is not possible to predict the effect of any establishment of alternative reference rates or any 
other reforms to LIBOR or EURIBOR. Uncertainty as to the nature of such alternative reference rates or 
other reforms may adversely affect the trading market for LIBOR-linked securities. The potential 
elimination of benchmarks, such as LIBOR or EURIBOR, the establishment of alternative reference rates 
or changes in the manner of administration of a benchmark could also require adjustments to the terms of 
benchmark-linked securities and may result in other consequences, such as interest payments that are lower 
than, or that do not otherwise correlate over time with, the payments that would have been made on those 
securities if the relevant benchmark was available in its current form. 
The elimination of the LIBOR or EURIBOR benchmark or any other benchmark, or changes in the manner 
of administration of any benchmark, could require or result in an adjustment to the interest calculation 
provisions of the Conditions (as further described in Condition 5.4 (Benchmark Discontinuation)), or result 
in adverse consequences to holders of any Instruments linked to such benchmark (including Floating Rate 
Instruments whose interest rates are linked to LIBOR, EURIBOR or any other such benchmark that is 
subject to reform). Furthermore, even prior to the implementation of any changes, uncertainty as to the 
nature of alternative reference rates and as to potential changes to such benchmark may adversely affect 
such benchmark during the term of the relevant Instruments, the return on the relevant Instruments and the 
trading market for securities (including the Instruments) based on the same benchmark. 
Benchmark Discontinuation 
The "Terms and Conditions of the Instruments" provide for certain fallback arrangements in the event that 
a published benchmark, such as LIBOR or EURIBOR, (including any page on which such benchmark may 
be published (or any successor service)) becomes unavailable, or if the relevant Issuer or the Calculation 
Agent or any other party responsible for the calculation of the Rate of Interest (as specified in the applicable 
Final Terms) are no longer permitted lawfully to calculate interest on any Instruments by reference to such 
original benchmark under the EU Benchmarks Regulation, UK Benchmarks Regulation or otherwise. Such 
fallback arrangements include the possibility that the rate of interest could be set by reference to a successor 
rate or an alternative rate and that such successor rate or alternative reference rate may be adjusted (if 
required) in order to reduce or eliminate, to the extent reasonably practicable in the circumstances, any 
economic prejudice or benefit (as applicable) to investors arising out of the replacement of the relevant 
benchmark, although the application of such adjustments to the Instruments may not achieve this objective. 
Any such changes may result in the Instruments performing differently (which may include payment of a 
lower interest rate) than if the original benchmark continued to apply. In certain circumstances the ultimate 
fallback of interest for a particular Interest Period may result in the rate of interest for the last preceding 
Interest Period being used. This may result in the effective application of a fixed rate for floating rate 
Instruments based on the rate which was last observed on the Relevant Screen Page. In addition, due to the 
uncertainty concerning the availability of successor rates and alternative reference rates and the 
involvement of an Independent Adviser (as defined in the Conditions), the relevant fallback provisions may 
not operate as intended at the relevant time. 
Any such consequences could have a material adverse effect on the value of and return on any such 
Instruments. Investors should consult their own independent advisers and make their own assessment about 
the potential risks imposed by the EU Benchmarks Regulation or UK Benchmarks Regulation reforms in 
making any investment decision with respect to any Instruments linked to or referencing a benchmark. 
In respect of any Instruments issued as green bonds ("Green Bonds"), there can be no assurance that 
such use of proceeds will be suitable for the investment criteria of an investor. 
The Final Terms relating to any specific Tranche of Instruments may provide that it will be the Issuers' 
intention to apply the proceeds from an offer of those Instruments specifically for existing or planned

--- Page 32 ---
- 30 - 
 
 
investments of EDP Renováveis, S.A. ("EDP Renováveis" or "EDPR") which support the transition to a 
low-carbon economy, especially those that help increase the production of renewable energy ("Eligible 
Green Projects"). Prospective investors should determine for themselves the relevance of such information 
for the purpose of any investment in such Instruments together with any other investigation such investor 
deems necessary. In particular no assurance is given by the Issuers or the Dealers that the use of such 
proceeds for any Eligible Green Projects will satisfy, whether in whole or in part, any present or future 
investor expectations or requirements as regards any investment criteria or guidelines with which such 
investor or its investments are required to comply, whether by any present or future applicable law or 
regulations or by its own by-laws or other governing rules or investment portfolio mandates, in particular 
with regard to any direct or indirect environmental, sustainability or social impact of any projects or uses, 
the subject of or related to, any Eligible Green Projects. 
Accordingly, no assurance is or can be given that Eligible Projects will meet investor expectations or 
requirements regarding "green" or similar labels (including Regulation (EU) 2020/852 on the establishment 
of a framework to facilitate sustainable investment, the so called "EU Taxonomy" or Regulation (EU) 
2020/852 as it forms part of domestic law in the United Kingdom by virtue of the EUWA) or that any 
adverse environmental, social and/or other impacts will not occur during the implementation of any projects 
or uses the subject of, or related to, any Eligible Projects. 
At the request of EDP, Sustainalytics has issued a second party opinion (the "Second Party Opinion") in 
relation to EDP's green framework. The Second Party Opinion is available for viewing on EDP's website 
(https://www.edp.com/sites/default/files/edp_green_bond_spo_20192307.pdf). 
 
No 
assurance 
or 
representation is given as to the suitability or reliability for any purpose whatsoever of the Second Party 
Opinion or any other opinion or certification of any third party (whether or not solicited by the Issuers) 
which may be made available in connection with the issue of any Instruments and in particular with any 
Eligible Green Projects to fulfil any "green" and/or other criteria. For the avoidance of doubt, the Second 
Party Opinion is not, nor shall be deemed to be, incorporated in and/or form part of this Base Prospectus. 
The Second Party Opinion is not, nor should be deemed to be, a recommendation by the Issuers, the Dealers 
or any other person to buy, sell or hold any such Instruments. The Second Party Opinion is only current as 
of the date that opinion was initially issued. As at the date of this Base Prospectus, the providers of such 
opinions and certifications are not subject to any specific regulatory or other regime or oversight. 
Prospective investors must determine for themselves the relevance of the Second Party Opinion and/or the 
information contained therein and/or the provider of the Second Party Opinion for the purpose of any 
investment in such Instruments.  
 
In the event that any such Instruments are listed or admitted to trading on any dedicated "green" or other 
equivalently-labelled segment of any stock exchange or securities market (whether or not regulated), no 
representation or assurance is given by the Issuers, the Dealers or any other person that such listing or 
admission satisfies, whether in whole or in part, any present or future investor expectations or requirements 
as regards any investment criteria or guidelines with which such investor or its investments are required to 
comply, whether by any present or future applicable law or regulations or by its own by-laws or other 
governing rules or investment portfolio mandates, in particular with regard to any direct or indirect 
environmental, sustainability or social impact of any projects or uses, the subject of or related to, any 
Eligible Green Projects. Furthermore, it should be noted that the criteria for any such listings or admission 
to trading may vary from one stock exchange or securities market to another. Nor is any representation or 
assurance given or made by the Issuers, the Dealers or any other person that any such listing or admission 
to trading will be obtained in respect of any such Instruments or, if obtained, that any such listing or 
admission to trading will be maintained during the life of the Instruments. 
While it is the intention of the Issuers to apply the proceeds of any Instruments so specified for Eligible 
Green Projects in, or substantially in, the manner described in this Base Prospectus, there can be no 
assurance that the relevant project(s) or use(s) the subject of, or related to, any Eligible Green Projects will 
be capable of being implemented in or substantially in such manner and/or accordance with any timing 
schedule and that accordingly such proceeds will be totally or partially disbursed for such Eligible Green 
Projects. Nor can there be any assurance that such Eligible Green Projects will be completed within any 
specified period or at all or with the results or outcome (whether or not related to the environment) as 
originally expected or anticipated by the Issuers. Any such event or failure by the Issuers will not constitute 
an Event of Default under the Instruments. 
Any such event or failure to apply the proceeds of any issue of Instruments for any Eligible Green Projects 
as aforesaid and/or withdrawal of any such opinion or certification or any such opinion or certification

--- Page 33 ---
- 31 - 
 
 
attesting that the Issuers are not complying in whole or in part with any matters for which such opinion or 
certification is opining or certifying on and/or any such Instruments no longer being listed or admitted to 
trading on any stock exchange or securities market as aforesaid may have a material adverse effect on the 
value of such Instruments and also potentially the value of any other Instruments which are intended to 
finance Eligible Green Projects and/or result in adverse consequences for certain investors with portfolio 
mandates to invest in securities to be used for a particular purpose. 
6. 
Risks relating to certain terms of the Instruments 
For further information on the terms of the Instruments, please see "Terms and Conditions of the 
Instruments". 
The Instruments issued by EDP B.V. are not guaranteed by EDP, and investors do not have any 
direct rights to enforce payment on the Instruments against EDP in case of default by EDP B.V. 
under the Instruments. 
The Instruments issued by EDP B.V. are obligations of EDP B.V. and not of EDP. EDP has no obligation 
to pay any amounts due under the Instruments issued by EDP B.V. EDP has entered into a Keep Well 
Agreement with EDP B.V., which is not a guarantee. Under the Keep Well Agreement, EDP has agreed 
that, for so long as EDP B.V. has any Instruments outstanding under the Programme, it will make available 
to EDP B.V. funds sufficient to meet its payment obligations or repay borrowings then maturing to the 
extent that EDP B.V.'s funds or other liquid assets are insufficient to meet its payment obligations or repay 
its borrowings. Although under the terms of the Keep Well Agreement the Trustee may, on behalf of holders 
of any Instruments issued by EDP B.V. under the Programme, enforce EDP B.V.'s rights under the Keep 
Well Agreement against EDP, holders do not have any direct rights against EDP. (See "Relationship of 
EDP B.V. with EDP" for more information on the Keep Well Agreement). 
If the Issuers have the right to redeem any Instruments at their option, this may limit the market 
value of the Instruments concerned and an investor may not be able to reinvest the redemption 
proceeds in a manner which achieves a similar effective return. 
The optional redemption feature could limit the market value of the Instruments. During any period when 
the Issuers may elect to redeem the Instruments, the market value of the Instruments generally will not rise 
above the price at which they can be redeemed. This also may be true prior to any redemption period. 
If the Issuers redeem the Instruments early, the optional redemption amount payable and/or prevailing 
market rates may not enable an investor to reinvest the redemption proceeds at an effective yield as high as 
the yield on the Instruments being redeemed and may only be able to do so at a significantly lower rate. 
Potential investors should consider reinvestment risk in light of other investments available at that time. 
If the Issuers have the right to convert the interest rate on any Instruments from a fixed rate to a 
floating rate, or vice versa, this may affect the secondary market and the market value of the 
Instruments concerned. 
Fixed/Floating Rate Instruments may bear interest at a rate that converts from a fixed rate to a floating rate, 
or from a floating rate to a fixed rate. Where the Issuers have the right to effect such a conversion, this will 
affect the secondary market in, and the market value of, the Instruments, since the Issuers may be expected 
to convert the rate when it is likely to result in a lower overall cost of borrowing for the Issuers. If the 
Issuers convert from a fixed rate to a floating rate in such circumstances, the spread on the Fixed/Floating 
Rate Instruments may be less favourable than then prevailing spreads on comparable Floating Rate 
Instruments tied to the same reference rate. In addition, the new floating rate at any time may be lower than 
the rates on other Instruments. If the Issuers convert from a floating rate to a fixed rate in such 
circumstances, the fixed rate may be lower than then prevailing market rates. 
The conditions of the Instruments contain provisions which may permit their modification without 
the consent of all investors and confer significant discretions on the Trustee which may be exercised 
without the consent of the Holders and without regard to the individual interests of particular 
Holders. 
The conditions of the Instruments contain provisions for calling meetings of Holders to consider matters 
affecting their interests generally. These provisions permit defined majorities to bind all Holders including

--- Page 34 ---
- 32 - 
 
 
Holders who did not attend and vote at the relevant meeting and Holders who voted in a manner contrary 
to the majority. 
The conditions of the Instruments also provide that the Trustee may, without the consent of Holders and 
without regard to the interests of particular Holders: (1) agree to any modification of the Instruments or the 
Trust Deed which is not, in the opinion of the Trustee, materially prejudicial to the interests of the Holders; 
(2) agree to any modification of the Instruments or the Trust Deed which is of a formal, minor or technical 
nature or is made to correct a manifest error or to comply with mandatory provisions of the law; or (3) 
determine that any Event of Default or Potential Event of Default (as defined in the Trust Deed) shall not 
be treated as such which, in any such case, is not, in the opinion of the Trustee, materially prejudicial to the 
interests of the Holders, in the circumstances described in Condition 16 (Meetings of Holders, Modification, 
Waiver and Substitution) of the Instruments. 
Furthermore, the Trustee may, without the consent of the Holders, agree with the relevant Issuer to the 
substitution in place of such Issuer as the principal debtor under the Instruments and the Trust Deed of 
another company, being a Subsidiary (as defined in "Terms and Conditions of the Instruments") of the 
relevant Issuer, subject to (a) the Instruments being unconditionally and irrevocably guaranteed by the 
relevant Issuer or having the benefit of a Keep Well Agreement by EDP on the same basis as that on which 
they had such benefit immediately prior to the substitution or the substitute Issuer is EDP; (b) the Trustee 
being satisfied that the interests of the Holders will not be materially prejudiced by the substitution; and (c) 
certain other conditions set out in the Trust Deed being complied with. See Condition 16 (Meetings of 
Holders, Modification, Waiver and Substitution) of the Instruments. 
Investors who hold less than the minimum Specified Denomination may be unable to sell their 
Instruments and may be adversely affected if definitive Instruments are subsequently required to be 
issued. 
In relation to any issue of Instruments which have denominations consisting of a minimum Specified 
Denomination plus one or more higher integral multiples of another smaller amount, it is possible that such 
Instruments may be traded in amounts that are not integral multiples of such minimum Specified 
Denomination (as set out in the applicable Final Terms). In such a case a holder who, as a result of trading 
such amounts, holds an amount which is less than the minimum Specified Denomination in its account with 
the relevant clearing system would not be able to sell the remainder of such holding without first purchasing 
a principal amount of Instruments at or in excess of the minimum Specified Denomination such that its 
holding amounts to a Specified Denomination. Further, a holder who, as a result of trading such amounts, 
holds an amount which is less than the minimum Specified Denomination in his account with the relevant 
clearing system at the relevant time may not receive a definitive Instrument in respect of such holding 
(should definitive Instruments be printed) and would need to purchase a principal amount of Instruments at 
or in excess of the minimum Specified Denomination such that its holding amounts to a Specified 
Denomination. 
If such Instruments in definitive form are issued, holders should be aware that definitive Instruments which 
have a denomination that is not an integral multiple of the minimum Specified Denomination may be 
illiquid and difficult to trade. 
7. 
Risks relating to the market for the Instruments 
Set out below is a brief description of the principal market risks, including liquidity risk, exchange rate risk, 
interest rate risk and credit risk. 
The value of the Instruments could be adversely affected by a change in law or administrative 
practice. 
Save, with respect to Book Entry Instruments only, for the form (representação formal) and transfer of the 
Instruments, creation of security over the Instruments and the Interbolsa procedures for the exercise of 
rights under the Book Entry Instruments, which are governed by, and shall be construed in accordance with 
Portuguese law, the conditions of the Instruments are based on English law in effect as at the date of this 
Base Prospectus. No assurance can be given as to the impact of any possible judicial decision or change to 
English law or, as the case may be, Portuguese law or administrative practice after the date of this Base 
Prospectus and any such change could materially impact the value of any Instruments affected by it.

--- Page 35 ---
- 33 - 
 
 
An active secondary market in respect of the Instruments may never be established or may be illiquid 
and this would adversely affect the value at which an investor could sell his Instruments. 
Instruments may have no established trading market when issued, and one may never develop. If a market 
for the Instruments does develop, it may not be very liquid. Therefore, investors may not be able to sell 
their Instruments easily or at prices that will provide them with a yield comparable to similar investments 
that have a developed secondary market. In addition, liquidity may be limited if the relevant Issuer makes 
large allocations to a limited number of investors. If a market for the Issuers' Instruments never develops 
or proves to be illiquid, this may limit the attractiveness of the Issuers' Instruments to investors. 
If an investor holds Instruments which are not denominated in the investor's home currency, such 
investor will be exposed to movements in exchange rates adversely affecting the value of the holding. 
In addition, the imposition of exchange controls in relation to any Instruments could result in an 
investor not receiving payments on those Instruments. 
The Issuers will pay principal and interest on the Instruments in the Specified Currency (as set out in the 
applicable Final Terms). This presents certain risks relating to currency conversions if an investor's 
financial activities are denominated principally in a currency or currency unit (the "Investor's Currency") 
other than the Specified Currency. These include the risk that exchange rates may significantly change 
(including changes due to devaluation of the Specified Currency or revaluation of the Investor's Currency) 
and the risk that authorities with jurisdiction over the Investor's Currency may impose or modify exchange 
controls. An appreciation in the value of the Investor's Currency relative to the Specified Currency would 
decrease (1) the Investor's Currency-equivalent yield on the Instruments, (2) the Investor's Currency-
equivalent value of the principal payable on the Instruments, and (3) the Investor's Currency-equivalent 
market value of the Instruments. In addition, government and monetary authorities may impose (as some 
have done in the past) exchange controls that could adversely affect an applicable exchange rate or the 
ability of the Issuers to make payments in respect of the Instruments. As a result, investors may receive less 
interest or principal than expected, or no interest or principal. Any such exchange rate movements of this 
nature could impact the level of interest shown by investors in the Issuers' Instruments. 
8. 
Risks related to withholding tax 
For further information on the Portuguese taxation regime, please see "Taxation – Portugal". 
 
Risks relating to Instruments cleared through Clearing Systems 
Under Portuguese law, income derived from the Book Entry Instruments integrated in and held by non-
resident investors (both individual and corporate) through: (i) Interbolsa, as management entity of the 
Portuguese Centralised System (sistema centralizado, the Central de Valores Mobiliários); or (ii) an 
international clearing system operated by a managing entity established in a member state of the EU other 
than Portugal (e.g. Euroclear or Clearstream, Luxembourg); or (iii) a European Economic Area Member 
State provided, in this case, that such State is bound to cooperate with Portugal under an administrative 
cooperation arrangement in tax matters similar to the exchange of information schemes in relation to tax 
matters existing within the EU Member States; or (iv) other centralised systems not covered above 
provided that, in this last case, the Portuguese government authorises the application of the Decree-Law 
no. 193/2005, of 7 November, as amended ("Decree-Law no. 193/2005") are eligible for the debt securities 
special tax exemption regime, approved by Decree-Law no. 193/2005, which establishes a withholding tax 
exemption, provided that certain procedures and certification requirements are complied with. Failure to 
comply with these procedures and certifications will result in the application of Portuguese domestic 
withholding tax. 
The Issuers will not gross up payments in respect of any such withholding tax in any of the cases indicated 
in Condition 8 (Taxation), including failure to deliver or incorrect completion regarding the evidence of 
non-residence status required under the Decree-Law no. 193/2005. Accordingly, holders of Book Entry 
Instruments must seek their own advice to ensure that they comply with all procedures to ensure correct tax 
treatment of their Book Entry Instruments.

--- Page 36 ---
- 34 - 
 
 
STABILISATION 
IN CONNECTION WITH THE ISSUE OF ANY TRANCHE OF INSTRUMENTS, ONE OR MORE 
RELEVANT DEALERS ("THE STABILISATION MANAGER(S)") (OR PERSONS ACTING ON 
BEHALF OF ANY STABILISATION MANAGER(S)) MAY OVER-ALLOT INSTRUMENTS OR 
EFFECT TRANSACTIONS WITH A VIEW TO SUPPORTING THE MARKET PRICE OF THE 
INSTRUMENTS AT A LEVEL HIGHER THAN THAT WHICH MIGHT OTHERWISE PREVAIL. 
HOWEVER, STABILISATION MAY NOT NECESSARILY OCCUR. ANY STABILISATION 
ACTION MAY BEGIN ON OR AFTER THE DATE ON WHICH ADEQUATE PUBLIC DISCLOSURE 
OF THE TERMS OF THE OFFER OF THE RELEVANT TRANCHE OF INSTRUMENTS IS MADE 
AND, IF BEGUN, WILL BE IN COMPLIANCE WITH ALL RELEVANT LAWS AND REGULATIONS 
AND MAY CEASE AT ANY TIME, BUT IT MUST END NO LATER THAN THE EARLIER OF 30 
DAYS AFTER THE ISSUE DATE OF THE RELEVANT TRANCHE OF INSTRUMENTS AND 60 
DAYS AFTER THE DATE OF THE ALLOTMENT OF THE RELEVANT TRANCHE OF 
INSTRUMENTS. ANY STABILISATION ACTION OR OVER-ALLOTMENT MUST BE 
CONDUCTED BY THE RELEVANT STABILISATION MANAGER(S) (OR PERSONS ACTING ON 
BEHALF OF ANY STABILISATION MANAGER(S)) IN ACCORDANCE WITH ALL APPLICABLE 
LAWS AND RULES.

--- Page 37 ---
- 35 - 
 
 
DOCUMENTS INCORPORATED BY REFERENCE 
The following documents which have previously been published and have been filed with the Central Bank 
shall be incorporated in, and form part of, this Base Prospectus: 
(a) 
in respect of EDP: 
(i) 
the audited consolidated annual financial statements for the financial year ended 31 
December 2020 and auditor's report thereon which appear on pages 294 to 448 and 512-521 
respectively, of EDP's annual report for the year ended 31 December 2020, available at 
https://www.edp.com/sites/default/files/2021-03/210x297_RC20_EDP_EN_0.pdf 
(the 
"2020 EDP Financial Statements"); 
(ii) 
the audited consolidated annual financial statements for the financial year ended 31 
December 2019 and auditor's report thereon which appear on pages 227-393 and 413-423, 
respectively, of EDP's annual report for the year ended 31 December 2019, available at 
https://www.edp.com/sites/default/files/2020-03/RC_2019_EN.pdf; and 
(iii) the unaudited consolidated condensed financial statements for the six-month period ended 
30 June 2021 and the auditor's limited review report thereon which appear on pages 65 - 137 
and pages 157-158, respectively, available at https://www.edp.com/sites/default/files/2021-
08/R%26C_1H2021_EN.pdf (the "H1 2021 EDP Financial Statements");  
(b) 
in respect of EDP B.V.: 
(i) 
the audited annual financial statements for the financial year ended 31 December 2020 and 
the auditor's report thereon which appear on pages 11 to 37 and 39 to 47 of EDP B.V.'s annual 
report 
for 
the 
year 
ended 
31 
December 
2020, 
available 
at 
https://www.edp.com/sites/default/files/2021-
03/EDP2020_FST%2BAuditorsReport_unsigned_searchable.pdf (the "2020 EDP B.V. 
Financial Statements"); 
(ii) 
the audited annual financial statements for the financial year ended 31 December 2019 and 
the auditor's report thereon which appear on pages 9 – 34 and 36 – 44 of EDP B.V.'s annual 
report 
for 
the 
year 
ended 
31 
December 
2019, 
available 
at 
https://www.edp.com/sites/default/files/2020-
03/EDP2019_FST%2BAuditorsReport_unsigned_searchable.pdf; and 
(iii) the unaudited and unreviewed interim financial statements for the six months period ended 
30 June 2021 which appear on pages 6 - 11 of EDP B.V.'s 2021 interim report, available at 
https://www.edp.com/sites/default/files/2021-08/Interim%20report%201H2021.pdf;  
(c) 
the Terms and Conditions of the Instruments contained in the previous Base Prospectuses dated 17 
October 2008, pages 41 to 64 (inclusive), 3 September 2013, pages 72 to 98 (inclusive), 2 
September 2014, pages 79 to 104 (inclusive), 2 September 2015, pages 78 to 102 (inclusive), 2 
September 2016, pages 72 to 95 (inclusive), 5 September 2017, pages 76 to 101 (inclusive), 5 
September 2018, pages 42 to 66 (inclusive), 9 September 2019, pages 42 to 74 and 14 September 
2020, pages 47 to 79 (inclusive), 
each of the documents listed in (c) above are available on EDP's website, https://www.edp.com/en, in the 
"Bonds" section, accessible through "Investors – Fixed Income". 
Any information contained in any of the documents specified above which is not incorporated by reference 
in this Base Prospectus is either not relevant to investors or is covered elsewhere in this Base Prospectus. 
Copies of documents incorporated by reference in this Base Prospectus can be obtained from the registered 
office of the Issuers and from the specified office of the Paying Agent for the time being in London. 
Any documents themselves incorporated by reference in the documents incorporated by reference in this 
Base Prospectus shall not form part of this Base Prospectus.

--- Page 38 ---
- 36 - 
 
 
The Issuers will, in the event of any significant new factor, material mistake or inaccuracy relating to 
information included in this Base Prospectus which is capable of affecting the assessment of any 
Instruments, prepare a supplement to this Base Prospectus or publish a new Base Prospectus for use in 
connection with any subsequent issue of Instruments. The Issuers have undertaken to the Dealers in the 
Dealership Agreement (as defined in "Subscription and Sale") that they will comply with the relevant Irish 
listing requirements. 
Following the publication of this Base Prospectus a supplement may be prepared by the Issuers and 
approved by the Central Bank in accordance with Article 23 of the Prospectus Regulation. Statements 
contained in any such supplement (or contained in any document incorporated by reference therein) shall, 
to the extent applicable (whether expressly, by implication or otherwise), be deemed to modify or supersede 
statements contained in this Base Prospectus or in a document which is incorporated by reference in this 
Base Prospectus. Any statement so modified or superseded shall not, except as so modified or superseded, 
constitute a part of this Base Prospectus.

--- Page 39 ---
- 37 - 
 
 
FORM OF FINAL TERMS 
[Prohibition of Sales to EEA Retail Investors – The Instruments are not intended to be offered, sold or 
otherwise made available to and should not be offered, sold or otherwise made available to any retail 
investor in the European Economic Area (the "EEA"). For these purposes, a retail investor means a person 
who is one (or more) of: (i) a retail client as defined in point (11) of Article 4(1) of Directive 2014/65/EU 
(as amended, "MiFID II"); or (ii) a customer within the meaning of Directive (EU) 2016/97 (as amended, 
the "Insurance Distribution Directive"), where that customer would not qualify as a professional client 
as defined in point (10) of Article 4(1) of MiFID II. Consequently no key information document required 
by Regulation (EU) No 1286/2014 (as amended, the "EU PRIIPs Regulation") for offering or selling the 
Instruments or otherwise making them available to retail investors in the EEA has been prepared and 
therefore offering or selling the Instruments or otherwise making them available to any retail investor in 
the EEA may be unlawful under the EU PRIIPs Regulation.] 
[Prohibition of Sales to UK Retail Investors – The Instruments are not intended to be offered, sold or 
otherwise made available to and should not be offered, sold or otherwise made available to any retail 
investor in the United Kingdom ("UK"). For these purposes, a retail investor means a person who is one 
(or more) of: (i) a retail client, as defined in point (8) of Article 2 of Regulation (EU) No 2017/565 as it 
forms part of domestic law in the UK by virtue of the European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018 ("EUWA"); 
or (ii) a customer within the meaning of the provisions of the Financial Services and Markets Act 2000 (as 
amended, the "FSMA") and any rules or regulations made under the FSMA to implement Directive (EU) 
2016/97, where that customer would not qualify as a professional client, as defined in point (8) of Article 
2(1) of Regulation (EU) No 600/2014 as it forms part of domestic law by virtue of the EUWA. 
Consequently no key information document required by Regulation (EU) No 1286/2014 as it forms part of 
domestic law by virtue of the EUWA (the "UK PRIIPs Regulation") for offering or selling the Instruments 
or otherwise making them available to retail investors in the UK has been prepared and therefore offering 
or selling the Instruments or otherwise making them available to any retail investor in the UK may be 
unlawful under the UK PRIIPs Regulation.] 
[MiFID II Product Governance / Professional Investors and Eligible Counterparties Only Target 
Market – Solely for the purposes of [the/each] manufacturer's product approval process, the target market 
assessment in respect of the Instruments has led to the conclusion that: (i) the target market for the 
Instruments is eligible counterparties and professional clients only, each as defined in [Directive 
2014/65/EU (as amended, "MiFID II")/MiFID II]; and (ii) all channels for distribution of the Instruments 
to eligible counterparties and professional clients are appropriate. Any person subsequently offering, selling 
or recommending the Instruments (a "distributor") should take into consideration the manufacturer ['s/s'] 
target market assessment; however, a distributor subject to MiFID II is responsible for undertaking its own 
target market assessment in respect of the Instruments (by either adopting or refining the manufacturer 
['s/s'] target market assessment) and determining appropriate distribution channels.] 
[UK MiFIR Product Governance / Professional Investors and Eligible Counterparties Only Target 
Market – Solely for the purposes of [the/each] manufacturer's product approval process, the target market 
assessment in respect of the Instruments has led to the conclusion that: (i) the target market for the 
Instruments is only eligible counterparties, as defined in the FCA Handbook Conduct of Business 
Sourcebook ("COBS"), and professional clients, as defined in Regulation (EU) No 600/2014 as it forms 
part of domestic law in the UK by virtue of the [EUWA][European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018] ("UK 
MiFIR"); and (ii) all channels for distribution of the Instruments to eligible counterparties and professional 
clients are appropriate. Any person subsequently offering, selling or recommending the Instruments (a 
"distributor") should take into consideration the manufacturer['s/s'] target market assessment; however, a 
distributor subject to the FCA Handbook Product Intervention and Product Governance Sourcebook (the 
"MiFIR Product Governance Rules") is responsible for undertaking its own target market assessment in 
respect of the Instruments (by either adopting or refining the manufacturer['s/s'] target market assessment) 
and determining appropriate distribution channels.] 
[Singapore Securities and Futures Act Product Classification – Solely for the purposes of its obligations 
pursuant to sections 309B(1)(a) and 309B(1)(c) of the Securities and Futures Act (Chapter 289 of 
Singapore) (as amended, the "SFA"), the Issuer has determined, and hereby notifies all relevant persons (as 
defined in Section 309A of the SFA) that the Instruments are ["prescribed capital markets 
products"]/[capital markets products other than "prescribed capital markets products"] (as defined in the 
Securities and Futures (Capital Markets Products) Regulations 2018).]

--- Page 40 ---
- 38 - 
 
 
[Date] 
[EDP – ENERGIAS DE PORTUGAL, S.A./EDP FINANCE B.V.] 
Issue of 
[Aggregate Nominal Amount of Tranche] 
[Title of Instruments] 
under the €13,500,000,000 
Programme for Issuance of Debt Instruments 
PART A – CONTRACTUAL TERMS 
[Terms used herein shall be deemed to be defined as such for the purposes of the Conditions set forth in the 
base prospectus dated 13 September 2021 [and the supplement[s] to the base prospectus dated [date] [and 
[date]] which [together] constitute[s] a base prospectus for the purposes of Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 (the 
"Prospectus Regulation")] (the "Base Prospectus"). This document constitutes the Final Terms of the 
Instruments described for the purpose of the Prospectus Regulation and must be read in conjunction with 
the Base Prospectus in order to obtain all relevant information.] 
[The following alternative language applies if the first tranche of an issue which is being increased was 
issued under a Prospectus with an earlier date. N.B. when using a post-1 July 2012 approved Base 
Prospectus to tap a previous issue under a pre-1 July 2012 approved Base Prospectus, the final terms in 
the post-1 July 2012 Base Prospectus will take a different form due to the more restrictive approach to final 
terms. The Conditions of the original issue being tapped should be reviewed to ensure that they would not 
require the final terms documenting the further issue to include information which is no longer permitted 
in final terms. Where the final terms documenting the further issue would need to include such information, 
it will not be possible to tap using final terms and a drawdown prospectus (incorporating the original 
Conditions and final terms) will instead need to be prepared.] 
[Terms used herein shall be deemed to be defined as such for the purposes of the Conditions (the 
"Conditions") set forth in the base prospectus dated [insert date of prospectus from those listed in 
"Documents Incorporated by Reference"]. This document constitutes the Final Terms of the Instruments 
and must be read in conjunction with the base prospectus dated 13 September 2021 [and the supplemental 
base prospectus dated [●]] which [together] constitute[s] a base prospectus (the "Base Prospectus") for the 
purposes of the Prospectus Regulation, save in respect of the Conditions which are set forth in the base 
prospectus dated [insert date of prospectus from those listed in "Documents Incorporated by Reference"] 
and are incorporated by reference in the Base Prospectus. This document constitutes the Final Terms 
relating to the issue of Instruments described herein for the purposes of the Prospectus Regulation.] 
Full information on the Issuer and the offer of the Instruments is only available on the basis of the 
combination of these Final Terms and the Base Prospectus. The Base Prospectus and these Final Terms 
have been published on the website of the Irish Stock Exchange plc trading as Euronext Dublin 
(https://live.euronext.com/). 
Include whichever of the following apply, or specify as "Not Applicable". Note that the numbering should 
remain as set out below, even if "Not Applicable" is indicated for individual paragraphs or sub-paragraphs 
in which case the sub-paragraphs of the paragraphs which are not applicable can be deleted. Italics denote 
directions for completing the Final Terms. 
1. 
Issuer: 
[EDP – Energias de Portugal, S.A./EDP Finance 
B.V.] 
2. 
(i) 
Series Number: 
[●] 
(ii) 
Tranche Number: 
[●] 
(iii) 
Date on which the Instruments 
will be consolidated and form a 
single series: 
The Instruments will be consolidated and form a 
single Series with Tranche [identify earlier 
Tranches] on [the Issue Date/the date that is 40 
days after the Issue Date/exchange of the

--- Page 41 ---
- 39 - 
 
 
Temporary Global Instrument for interests in the 
Permanent Global Instrument, as referred to in 
paragraph 22 below, which is expected to occur on 
or about [date]] / [Not Applicable] 
3. 
Specified Currency or Currencies: 
[●]  
 
(N.B. Book Entry Instruments may only be 
denominated in Euro, U.S. dollars, Canadian 
dollars, sterling, Japanese yen, Swiss francs, 
Australian dollars or in such other currency as can 
be settled through Interbolsa.) 
4. 
Aggregate Nominal Amount: 
 
 (i) 
Series: 
[●] 
(ii) 
Tranche: 
[●] 
5. 
Issue Price: 
[●] per cent. of the Aggregate Nominal Amount 
[plus accrued interest from [insert date] (in the 
case of fungible issues only, if applicable) 
6. 
(i) 
Specified Denominations: 
[●] 
 
(N.B. 
Instruments 
must 
have 
a 
minimum 
denomination of €100,000 (or equivalent)) 
 
(N.B. Book-Entry Instruments cannot be issued in 
integral multiples of a lesser amount than the 
nominal amount.) 
 
(Note – where multiple denominations above 
€100,000 or equivalent are being used, the 
following sample wording should be followed: 
 
"€100,000 and integral multiples of €1,000 in 
excess thereof up to and including €199,000. No 
Instruments in definitive form will be issued with a 
denomination above €199,000.") 
(ii) 
Calculation 
Amount 
for 
Instruments in definitive form (in 
relation to calculation of interest 
in relation to Instruments in 
global form, see the Conditions): 
[●] 
(If only one Specified Denomination, insert the 
Specified Denomination. If more than one 
Specified 
Denomination, 
insert 
the 
highest 
common factor. Note, there must be a common 
factor in the case of two or more Specified 
Denominations.) 
7. 
(i) 
Issue Date: 
[●] 
(ii) 
Interest Commencement Date (if 
different from the Issue Date): 
[specify /Issue Date/Not Applicable] 
 
(N.B. An Interest Commencement Date will not be 
relevant for certain Instruments, for example Zero 
Coupon Instruments.)

--- Page 42 ---
- 40 - 
 
 
8. 
Maturity Date: 
[Specify date or for Floating Rate Instruments – 
Interest Payment Date falling in or nearest to 
[specify month and year]] 
9. 
Interest Basis: 
[[●] per cent. Fixed Rate] 
 
[[specify Reference Rate] +/- [●] per cent. Floating 
Rate] 
 
[Zero coupon] 
 
(see paragraph [14/15/16] below) 
10. 
Redemption[/Payment] Basis: 
[Instalment] 
 
Subject to any purchase and cancellation or early 
redemption, the Instruments will be redeemed on 
the Maturity Date at 100 per cent. of their nominal 
amount 
11. 
Change of Interest Basis: 
[Specify the date when any fixed to floating rate 
change occurs or cross refer to paragraphs 14 and 
15 below and identify there] [Not Applicable] 
12. 
Put/Call Options: 
[Investor Put] 
 
[Investor Put on Change of Control] 
 
[Issuer Call] 
[Clean-Up Call] 
 
[Not Applicable] 
 
[(see paragraph [17/18/19/20] below)] 
13. 
(a) 
Status of Instruments: 
[Senior/Dated/Perpetual] 
(b) 
Date of Board approval for 
issuance of Instruments obtained: 
[●] 
 
(N.B. Only relevant where Board (or similar) 
authorisation is required for the particular tranche 
of Instruments) 
PROVISIONS RELATING TO INTEREST (IF ANY) PAYABLE 
14. 
Fixed Rate Instrument Provisions 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-
paragraphs of this paragraph) 
(i) 
Rate[(s)] of Interest: 
[●] per cent. per annum payable in arrear on each 
Interest Payment Date 
(ii) 
Interest Payment Date(s): 
[●] in each year up to and including the Maturity 
Date 
(Amend appropriately in the case of irregular 
coupons) 
(iii) 
Fixed Coupon Amount(s) for 
Instruments in definitive form (in 
[●] per Calculation Amount

--- Page 43 ---
- 41 - 
 
 
relation to Instruments in global 
form, see the Conditions): 
(iv) 
Broken 
Amount(s) 
for 
Instruments in definitive form (in 
relation to Instruments in global 
form, see the Conditions): 
[●] per Calculation Amount payable on the Interest 
Payment Date falling [in/on] [●] / [Not Applicable] 
(v) 
Day Count Fraction: 
[30/360] [Actual/Actual (ICMA)] 
(vi) 
Determination Date(s): 
[[●] in each year] / [Not Applicable] 
 
(Only relevant where Day Count Fraction is 
Actual/Actual (ICMA). In such a case, insert 
regular interest payment dates, ignoring issue date 
or maturity date in the case of a long or short first 
or last coupon) 
15. 
Floating Rate Instrument Provisions 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-
paragraphs of this paragraph) 
(i) 
Specified 
Period(s)/Specified 
Interest Payment Dates: 
[●] / [, subject to adjustment in accordance with the 
Business Day Convention set out in (ii) below/, not 
subject to any adjustment, as the Business Day 
Convention in (ii) below is specified to be Not 
Applicable] 
(ii) 
Business Day Convention: 
[Floating Rate Convention/Following Business 
Day Convention/Modified Following Business 
Day 
Convention/Preceding 
Business 
Day 
Convention] [Not Applicable] 
(iii) 
Additional Business Centre(s): 
[●] 
(iv) 
Manner in which the Rate of 
Interest and Interest Amount is to 
be determined: 
[Screen Rate Determination/ISDA Determination] 
(v) 
Party responsible for calculating 
the Rate of Interest and Interest 
Amount (if not the Issue and 
Paying Agent): 
[●] (the "Calculation Agent") 
(vi) 
Screen Rate Determination: 
 
• 
Reference Rate  
[●] month [LIBOR/EURIBOR] 
• 
Relevant Financial Centre: 
[●] [London/Brussels/specify the Relevant 
Financial Centre] 
• 
Interest 
Determination 
Date(s): 
[●] 
 
(Second London business day prior to the start of 
each Interest Period if LIBOR (other than sterling 
or euro LIBOR), first day of each Interest Period if 
sterling LIBOR and the second day on which the 
TARGET 2 System is open prior to the start of each 
Interest Period if EURIBOR or euro LIBOR)

--- Page 44 ---
- 42 - 
 
 
• 
Relevant Screen Page: 
[●] 
 
(In the case of EURIBOR, if not Reuters, 
EURIBOR 01; ensure it is a page which shows a 
composite rate or amend the fallback provisions 
appropriately.) 
(vii) 
ISDA Determination: 
 
• 
Floating Rate Option: 
[●] 
• 
Designated Maturity: 
[●] 
• 
Reset Date: 
[●] 
 
(in the case of a LIBOR or EURIBOR based option, 
the first day of the Interest Period) 
• 
ISDA 
Benchmarks 
Supplement 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(viii) 
Linear Interpolation: 
[Not Applicable/Applicable – the Rate of Interest 
for the [long/short] [first/last] Interest Period shall 
be calculated using Linear Interpolation (specify 
for each short or long interest period) 
(ix) 
Margin(s): 
[+/-][●] per cent. per annum 
(x) 
Minimum Rate of Interest: 
[●] per cent. per annum 
(xi) 
Maximum Rate of Interest: 
[●] per cent. per annum 
(xii) 
Day Count Fraction: 
[[Actual/Actual – (ISDA)] [Actual/Actual] 
 
[Actual/365 (Fixed)] 
 
[Actual/365 (Sterling)] 
 
[Actual/360] 
 
[30/360] [360/360] [Bond Basis] 
 
[30E/360] [Eurobond basis] 
 
[30E/360 (ISDA)] 
16. 
Zero Coupon Instrument Provisions 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-
paragraphs of this paragraph) 
(i) 
Accrual Yield: 
[●] per cent. per annum 
(ii) 
Reference Price: 
[●] 
(iii) 
Day Count Fraction in relation to 
Early Redemption Amounts and 
late payment: 
[30/360] 
[Actual/360] 
[Actual/365] 
PROVISIONS RELATING TO REDEMPTION 
17. 
Issuer Call: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] (If not applicable, 
delete the remaining sub-paragraphs of this 
paragraph) 
(i) 
Optional Redemption Date: 
[●]

--- Page 45 ---
- 43 - 
 
 
(ii) 
Optional Redemption Amount: 
[[●] per Calculation Amount] / [Make-Whole 
Redemption Amount] / [Par]][, subject to 
paragraph 17(iii) below.] 
[(iii) 
Make-Whole Redemption 
Amount: 
[Applicable] / [Applicable from, and including, [●] 
to, 
but 
excluding 
the 
Residual 
Call 
Commencement Date. The residual call period is 
applicable in the period from and including the 
Residual Call Commencement Date to but 
excluding [●] (the "Residual Call Period"). 
During the Residual Call Period the Instruments 
will be redeemed at par.]/[Not Applicable] 
 
(If Residual Call Period is applicable, the security 
selected for the purposes of the Selected Reference 
Bond shall have a tenor up to the Residual Call 
Commencement Date. If Residual Call Period is 
not applicable, such security shall have a tenor up 
to the Maturity Date) 
(a) 
Make-Whole 
Redemption Margin: 
[●] 
(b) 
Reference Bond: 
[[●]/Selected Reference Bond/Not Applicable] 
(c) 
Residual Call 
Commencement Date: 
[●] 
(d) 
Quotation Time: 
[●]] 
(iv) 
If redeemable in part: 
 
 
 
(a) 
Minimum Redemption 
Amount: 
[●] 
 
(b) 
Maximum Redemption 
Amount: 
[●] 
(v) 
Notice Period (if other than as 
set out in the Conditions): 
[Not Applicable/[●]] 
18. 
Clean-up Call: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-
paragraphs of this paragraph) 
(i) 
Minimum Percentage: 
[●] 
(ii) 
Optional Redemption Amount: 
[●] per Calculation Amount / [Par] 
(iii) 
Notice Period (if other than as 
set out in the Conditions): 
[Not Applicable/[●]] 
19. 
Investor Put: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-
paragraphs of this paragraph) 
(i) 
Optional Redemption Date: 
[●] 
(ii) 
Optional Redemption Amount of 
each Instrument: 
[●] per Calculation Amount

--- Page 46 ---
- 44 - 
 
 
20. 
Investor Put on Change of Control: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
21. 
Final Redemption Amount: 
[●] per Calculation Amount / [Par] 
22. 
Early Redemption Amount: 
[[●] per Calculation Amount / [Par] / Not 
Applicable] 
 
 
GENERAL PROVISIONS APPLICABLE TO THE INSTRUMENTS 
23. 
(i) 
Form of Instruments: 
[Bearer Instruments: 
[Temporary Global Instrument exchangeable for a 
Permanent 
Global 
Instrument 
which 
is 
exchangeable for definitive Bearer Instruments 
and/or Registered Instruments [on 60 days' notice 
given at any time/only upon an Exchange Event]] 
 
[Temporary Global Instrument exchangeable for 
definitive Bearer Instruments and/or Registered 
Instruments on and after the Exchange Date] 
 
[Permanent Global Instrument exchangeable for 
definitive Bearer Instruments and/or Registered 
Instruments [on 60 days' notice given at any 
time/only upon an Exchange Event]]] 
 
[Registered Instruments: 
[Global Registered Instrument ([●] nominal 
amount (specify nominal amount)) [registered in 
the name of a common depositary for Euroclear 
and 
Clearstream, 
Luxembourg/a 
common 
safekeeper 
for 
Euroclear 
and 
Clearstream, 
Luxembourg] 
exchangeable 
for 
Registered 
Instruments [on 60 days' notice given at any 
time/only upon an Exchange Event]]] 
 
[Book Entry Instruments: 
 
(Ensure that this is consistent with the wording in 
the Provisions relating to the Instruments (other 
than Book Entry Instruments) while in Global 
Form section in the Base Prospectus and the 
Instruments themselves. The 'exchange upon 60 
days' notice' option should not be expressed to be 
applicable if the Specified Denomination in 
paragraph 6 includes language substantially to the 
following 
effect: 
"[€100,000] 
and 
integral 
multiples of [€1,000] in excess thereof up to and 
including 
[€199,000]". 
Furthermore, 
such 
Specified Denomination construction is not 
permitted in relation to any issue of Instruments 
which is to be represented on issue by a Temporary 
Global Instrument exchangeable for Definitive 
Instruments or by a Permanent Global Instrument 
exchangeable for Definitive Instruments upon 60 
days' notice.)]

--- Page 47 ---
- 45 - 
 
 
(ii) 
New Global Note: 
[Yes/No] [N.B. Not applicable to Book Entry 
Instruments] 
24. 
Additional Financial Centre(s): 
[Not Applicable] [give details] 
(Note that this paragraph relates to the date of 
payment and not the end dates of Interest Periods 
for the purposes of calculating the amount of 
interest to which sub-paragraphs 16(iii) relates) 
25. 
Talons for future Coupons or Receipts to 
be 
attached 
to 
definitive 
Bearer 
Instruments: 
[Yes, as the Instruments have more than 27 coupon 
payments Talons may be required if, on exchange 
into definitive form, more than 27 coupon 
payments are still to be made /No.] 
26. 
Details relating to Instalment Instruments: 
 
(i) 
Instalment Amount(s): 
[Not Applicable] [give details] 
(ii) 
Instalment Date(s): 
[Not Applicable] [give details] 
 
THIRD PARTY INFORMATION 
[[●] has been extracted from [●]. The Issuer confirms that such information has been accurately reproduced 
and that, so far as it is aware and is able to ascertain from information published by [●], no facts have been 
omitted which would render the reproduced information inaccurate or misleading.] 
Signed on behalf of the Issuer: 
 
By:  ........................................................................... 
Duly authorised

--- Page 48 ---
- 46 - 
 
 
PART B – OTHER INFORMATION 
1. 
LISTING AND ADMISSION TO TRADING 
(i) 
Application 
for 
listing 
and 
admission to trading: 
[Application has been made to the Irish Stock 
Exchange plc trading as Euronext Dublin for the 
Instruments to be admitted to the Official List and 
to trading on its regulated market.]/ [●] / [Not 
Applicable] 
(ii) 
Date from which admission is 
expected to be effective: 
[●] 
(iii) 
Estimate of total expenses related 
to admission to trading: 
[●] 
2. 
RATINGS 
Ratings: 
[The Instruments to be issued have not been 
specifically rated.]/[The Instruments to be issued 
have been assigned the following ratings by: 
[Moody's: 
[●]] 
[S&P: 
[●]] 
[Fitch: 
[●]]. 
[For Instruments with a different credit rating to 
the Issuer, include a brief explanation of the 
meaning of the ratings if this has previously been 
published by the rating provider.] 
3. 
INTERESTS OF NATURAL AND LEGAL PERSONS INVOLVED IN THE ISSUE 
[Save for any fees payable to the [Managers/Dealer], so far as the Issuer is aware, no person involved in 
the issue of the Instruments has an interest material to the offer. The [Managers/Dealers] and their 
affiliates have engaged, and may in the future engage, in investment banking and/or commercial banking 
transactions with, and may perform other services for, the Issuer and its affiliates in the ordinary course 
of business] [Amend as appropriate if there are other interests] 
[(When adding any other description, consideration should be given as to whether such matters 
described constitute "significant new factors" and consequently trigger the need for a supplement to the 
Base Prospectus under Article 23 of the Prospectus Regulation.)] 
4. 
YIELD 
Indication of yield: 
[●] 
 
The yield is calculated at the Issue Date on the 
basis of the Issue Price. It is not an indication of 
future yield. 
5. 
OPERATIONAL INFORMATION 
(i) 
Issuer LEI: 
[529900CLC3WDMGI9VH80] 
(insert 
if 
the 
Issuer is EDP) / 
[5299007L43AQDFOW5739] (insert if the Issuer 
is EDP B.V.) 
(ii) 
ISIN: 
[●]

--- Page 49 ---
- 47 - 
 
 
(iii) 
Common Code: 
[●] 
[(iv) 
CFI: 
[See the website of the Association of National 
Numbering Agencies (ANNA) or alternatively 
source from the responsible National Numbering 
Agency that assigned the ISIN / Not Applicable] 
 
[(v) 
FISN: 
[See the website of the Association of National 
Numbering Agencies (ANNA) or alternatively 
source from the responsible National Numbering 
Agency that assigned the ISIN / Not Applicable] 
 
(If the CFI and/or FISN is not required, requested 
or available, it/they should be specified to be "Not 
Applicable") 
(vi) 
Any clearing system(s) other than 
Euroclear, 
Clearstream 
Luxembourg and Interbolsa -
Sociedade Gestora de Sistemas 
de Liquidação & de Sistemas 
Centralizados 
de 
Valores 
Mobiliários, S.A., as operator of 
the 
Central 
de 
Valores 
Mobiliários 
[Not Applicable] [give name(s)] 
(vii) 
Names 
and 
addresses 
of 
additional Paying Agent(s) (if 
any): 
[●] 
(viii) 
Intended to be held in a manner 
which would allow Eurosystem 
eligibility: 
[Yes. Note that the designation "yes" simply means 
that the Instruments are intended upon issue to be 
deposited with one of the ICSDs as common 
safekeeper [(and registered in the name of a 
nominee of one of the ICSDs acting as common 
safekeeper)] [include this text for registered 
instruments] and does not necessarily mean that the 
Instruments will be recognised as eligible collateral 
for Eurosystem monetary policy and intra-day 
credit operations by the Eurosystem either upon 
issue or at any or all times during their life. Such 
recognition will depend upon the ECB being 
satisfied that Eurosystem eligibility criteria have 
been met.] [Include this text if the Instruments are 
intended to be held in a manner which would allow 
Eurosystem eligibility and are not Book- Entry 
Instruments] 
 
[Yes. Note that the designation "yes" simply means 
that the Instruments are intended upon time to be 
registered with Interbolsa – Sociedade Gestora de 
Sistemas 
de 
Liquidação 
e 
de 
Sistemas 
Centralizados de Valores Mobiliários, S.A. in its 
capacity of securities settlement system and does 
not necessarily mean that the Instruments will be 
recognised as eligible collateral for Eurosystem 
monetary policy and intra-day credit operations by 
the Eurosystem either upon issue or at any or all 
times during their life. Such recognition will 
depend upon satisfaction of the Eurosystem 
eligibility criteria.] [Include this text if the

--- Page 50 ---
- 48 - 
 
 
Instruments are intended to be held in a manner 
which would allow Eurosystem Eligibility and are 
Book-Entry Instruments.] 
 
[No. While the designation is specified as "no" at 
the date of these Final Terms, should the 
Eurosystem eligibility criteria be amended in the 
future such that the Instruments are capable of 
meeting them the Instruments may then be 
deposited with one of the ICSDs as common 
safekeeper [(and registered in the name of a 
nominee of one of the ICSDs acting as common 
safekeeper)] [include this text for registered 
instruments]. Note that this does not necessarily 
mean that the Instruments will then be recognised 
as eligible collateral for Eurosystem monetary 
policy and intra-day credit operations by the 
Eurosystem at any time during their life. Such 
recognition will depend upon the ECB being 
satisfied that Eurosystem eligibility criteria have 
been met.] [Include this text if the Instruments are 
not intended to be held in a manner which would 
allow Eurosystem eligibility at the date of the Final 
Terms and are not Book-Entry Instruments.] 
 
[No] [If the Instruments are not intended to be held 
in a manner which would allow Eurosystem 
eligibility and are book-entry Instruments.] 
6. 
DISTRIBUTION 
(i) 
U.S. Selling Restrictions: 
[Reg. S Compliance Category [1/2/3]; TEFRA 
D/TEFRA C/TEFRA not applicable] 
(ii) 
Prohibition of Sales to EEA 
Retail Investors: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
(If the Instruments clearly do not constitute 
"packaged" products or the Instruments do 
constitute "packaged" products and a key 
information document will be prepared in the EEA, 
"Not Applicable" should be specified. If the 
Instruments may constitute "packaged" products 
and no key information document will be prepared, 
"Applicable" should be specified.) 
(iii) 
Prohibition of Sales to UK Retail 
Investors: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
(If the Instruments clearly do not constitute 
"packaged" products or the Instruments do 
constitute "packaged" products and a key 
information document will be prepared in the UK, 
"Not Applicable" should be specified. If the 
Instruments may constitute "packaged" products 
and no key information document will be prepared, 
"Applicable" should be specified.) 
(iv) 
Prohibition of Sales to Belgian 
Consumers: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable]

--- Page 51 ---
- 49 - 
 
 
(N.B. advice should be taken from Belgian counsel 
before disapplying this selling restriction) 
7. 
EU BENCHMARKS REGULATION 
Relevant Benchmark[s]: 
[Not applicable] 
[Applicable: 
Amounts 
payable 
under 
the 
Instruments are calculated by reference to [LIBOR 
/ EURIBOR / [●]], which [is/are] provided by 
[insert name[s] of the administrator[s] – if more 
than one specify in relation to each relevant 
benchmark]. 
[As at the date of these Final Terms, [insert 
name[s] of the administrator[s]] [is/are] [not] 
included in the register of administrators and 
benchmarks established and maintained by the 
European Securities and Markets Authority 
[("ESMA")] pursuant to article 36 of the 
Benchmarks 
Regulation 
(Regulation 
(EU) 
2016/1011)] [(repeat as necessary)]] 
[As far as the Issuer is aware, the transitional 
provisions in Article 51 of Regulation (EU) 
2016/1011, as amended apply, such that [name of 
administrator] is not currently required to obtain 
authorisation/registration (or, if located outside the 
European Union, recognition, endorsement or 
equivalence)] 
 
8. 
REASONS FOR THE OFFER  
 
Reasons for the offer and use of proceeds: 
[General Corporate Purposes - See the first 
paragraph of "Use of Proceeds" in the Base 
Prospectus] 
 
[Green Bonds – An amount equal to the net 
proceeds from the issue of the Instruments are 
intended to be used towards EDP's Eligible Green 
Projects portfolio. See the second paragraph of 
"Use of Proceeds" in the Base Prospectus for 
further details] 
 
[Other- to be specified] 
Estimate of net proceeds: 
[●]

--- Page 52 ---
- 50 - 
 
 
TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THE INSTRUMENTS 
The following are the Terms and Conditions of the Instruments which as supplemented, modified or 
replaced in relation to any Instruments, will be applicable to each Series of Instruments. Certain provisions 
relating to the Instruments while in global form, and certain modifications of these Terms and Conditions 
applicable to Instruments while in global form, are described in the section entitled "Provisions relating to 
the Instruments while in Global Form". 
This Instrument is one of a Series (as defined below) of Instruments issued by an Issuer (the "Issuer") 
which will be, as specified in the Final Terms (as defined below), either EDP – Energias de Portugal, S.A. 
("EDP") or EDP Finance B.V. ("EDP B.V.") and (except in the case of Instruments issued by EDP in book-
entry form ("Book Entry Instruments")) constituted by an amended and restated Trust Deed (such Trust 
Deed as modified and/or supplemented and/or restated from time to time, the "Trust Deed") dated on or 
around 14 September 2020 made between EDP, EDP B.V. and Deutsche Trustee Company Limited (the 
"Trustee", which expression shall include any successor as Trustee). Book Entry Instruments are integrated 
in the Interbolsa book-entry system and governed by these conditions, certain provisions of the Trust Deed 
as provided therein and a deed poll given by EDP in favour of the holders of Book Entry Instruments dated 
on or around 6 September 2019 (the "Interbolsa Instrument"). 
References herein to the "Instruments" shall be references to the Instruments of this Series. As used herein, 
"Tranche" means Instruments which are identical in all respects (including as to listing) and "Series" 
means a Tranche of Instruments together with any further Tranche or Tranches of Instruments which are 
(1) expressed to be consolidated and form a single series and (2) identical in all respects (including as to 
listing) except for their respective Issue Dates, Interest Commencement Dates and/or Issue Prices. 
The Instruments, the Receipts (as defined below) and the Coupons (as defined below) have the benefit of 
an Amended and Restated Issue and Paying Agency Agreement (such Amended and Restated Issue and 
Paying Agency Agreement as amended and/or supplemented and/or restated from time to time, the "Agency 
Agreement") dated 6 September 2019 and made between EDP, EDP B.V., Deutsche Bank AG, London 
Branch as issue and principal paying agent and agent bank (the "Issue and Paying Agent", which 
expression shall include any successor agent), Deutsche Bank Luxembourg S.A. as registrar in respect of 
Instruments in registered form and as paying agent (the "Registrar" which expression shall include any 
successor registrar and together with the Issue and Paying Agent, unless the context otherwise requires, the 
"Paying Agents", which expression shall include any additional or successor paying agents) and the 
Trustee. In the case of Book Entry Instruments, Deutsche Bank Aktiengesellschaft – Sucursal em Portugal 
will be the paying agent in Portugal (the "Portuguese Paying Agent"). 
References to the "Final Terms" are, unless otherwise stated, to the Final Terms (or the relevant provisions 
thereof) attached to or endorsed on this Instrument. 
In respect of Instruments issued by EDP B.V., EDP B.V. has the benefit of a Keep Well Agreement (the 
"Keep Well Agreement") also dated 14 March 2001 between EDP and EDP B.V. 
Subject as provided in the Interbolsa Instrument the Trustee acts for the benefit of the Holders (as defined 
below) for the time being of the Instrument, of the Receipts (as defined below) of the Coupons (as defined 
below) (which expression shall, unless the context otherwise requires, include the holders of the Talons (as 
defined below)), and in the case of Book Entry Instruments, the persons shown in the individual securities 
accounts held with an Affiliate Member of Interbolsa (defined below) (the "Book Entry 
Instrumentholders", and, together with the holders of Instruments other than Book Entry Instruments, the 
"Holders", which expression shall, in relation to any Instruments represented by a Global Instrument, be 
construed as provided below) all in accordance with the provisions of the Trust Deed. "Affiliate Member 
of Interbolsa" means any authorised financial intermediary entitled to hold control accounts with Interbolsa 
on behalf of their customers and includes any depositary banks appointed by Euroclear Bank SA/NV 
("Euroclear Bank") and/or Clearstream Banking S.A. ("Clearstream, Luxembourg") for the purpose of 
holding such accounts with Interbolsa on behalf of Euroclear Bank and Clearstream, Luxembourg. 
Copies of the Trust Deed, the Agency Agreement, the Interbolsa Instrument and the Keep Well Agreement 
are available for inspection during normal business hours at the registered office for the time being of the 
Trustee (being at 13 September 2021 at Winchester House, 1 Great Winchester Street, London EC2N 2DB) 
and at the specified office of each of the Paying Agents. If the Instruments are to be admitted to trading on 
the regulated market of the Irish Stock Exchange plc trading as Euronext Dublin ("Euronext Dublin") the

--- Page 53 ---
- 51 - 
 
 
Final Terms will be published on the websites of Euronext Dublin (https://live.euronext.com/). The Holders 
are deemed to have notice of, and are entitled to the benefit of, all the provisions of the Trust Deed, the 
Agency Agreement, the Keep Well Agreement and the Final Terms which are applicable to them. The 
statements in these Terms and Conditions include summaries of, and are subject to, the detailed provisions 
of the Trust Deed or, in the case of Book Entry Instruments, the Interbolsa Instrument and those provisions 
of the Trust Deed applicable to them. 
Words and expressions defined in the Trust Deed, the Interbolsa Instrument or the Agency Agreement or 
used in the Final Terms shall have the same meanings where used in these Terms and Conditions unless 
the context otherwise requires or unless otherwise stated and provided that, in the event of inconsistency 
between the Trust Deed and the Agency Agreement, the Trust Deed will prevail and, in the event of 
inconsistency between the Trust Deed or the Agency Agreement and the Final Terms, the Final Terms will 
prevail. 
1. 
Form and Denomination 
Instruments other than Book Entry Instruments 
1.1 
Form: Instruments are issued in bearer form ("Bearer Instruments") or in registered form 
("Registered Instruments"), as specified in the Final Terms and are serially numbered. Registered 
Instruments are not exchangeable for Bearer Instruments. 
1.2 
Coupons and Talons: Interest-bearing Bearer Instruments have attached thereto, at the time of their 
initial delivery, coupons ("Coupons"), presentation of which will be a prerequisite to the payment 
of interest save in certain circumstances specified herein. In addition, if so specified in the Final 
Terms, such Instruments have attached thereto, at the time of their initial delivery, a talon ("Talon") 
for further coupons and the expression "Coupons" shall, where the context so requires, include 
Talons. 
1.3 
Interest Basis: This Instrument may be a Fixed Rate Instrument, a Floating Rate Instrument or a 
Zero Coupon Instrument, or a combination of any of the foregoing, depending upon the Interest 
Basis shown in the Final Terms. 
1.4 
Redemption/Payment Basis: This Instrument may be an Instalment Instrument, depending on the 
Redemption/Payment Basis shown in the Final Terms. 
1.5 
Instalment Instruments: Bearer Instruments, the principal amount of which is repayable by 
instalments ("Instalment Instruments") have attached thereto, at the time of their initial delivery, 
payment receipts ("Receipts") in respect of the instalments of principal. 
1.6 
Denomination of Bearer Instruments: Bearer Instruments are in the Specified Denomination or 
Denominations (each of which denominations is integrally divisible by each smaller denomination) 
specified in the Final Terms. Bearer Instruments of one denomination may not be exchanged for 
Bearer Instruments of any other denomination. 
1.7 
Specified Denomination of Registered Instruments: Registered Instruments are in the minimum 
Specified Denomination specified in the Final Terms or integral multiples thereof. 
1.8 
Currency of Instruments: The Instruments are denominated in such Specified Currency as may be 
specified in the Final Terms. Any currency may be so specified, subject to compliance with all 
applicable legal and/or regulatory and/or central bank requirements. 
Book Entry Instruments 
1.9 
Form: The Book Entry Instruments are issued in dematerialised book-entry form (forma escritural) 
and are nominativas (in which case Interbolsa, at the request of the Issuer, can ask the Affiliate 
Members of Interbolsa for information regarding the identity of the Holders and transmit such 
information to the Issuer). 
1.10 
Registration: The Book Entry Instruments will be registered by Interbolsa – Sociedade Gestora de 
Sistemas de Liquidação e de Sistemas Centralizados de Valores Mobiliários, S.A. ("Interbolsa") 
as management entity of the Portuguese Centralised System of Registration of Securities (Central

--- Page 54 ---
- 52 - 
 
 
de Valores Mobiliários) ("CVM"). Each person shown in the individual securities accounts held 
with an Affiliate Member of Interbolsa as having an interest in the Instruments shall be considered 
the holder of the principal amount of Instruments recorded except as otherwise required by law. 
One or more certificates in relation to the Book Entry Instruments (each a "Certificate") will be 
delivered by the relevant Affiliate Member of Interbolsa in respect of its holding of Instruments 
upon the request by the relevant Instrument holder and in accordance with that Affiliate Member 
of Interbolsa's procedures and pursuant to article 78 of the Portuguese Securities Code (Código dos 
Valores Mobiliários). 
1.11 
Interest Basis: Each Book Entry Instrument may be a Fixed Rate Instrument, a Floating Rate 
Instrument, a Zero Coupon Instrument or a combination of any of the foregoing, depending upon 
the Interest Basis shown in the Final Terms. 
1.12 
Redemption/Payment Basis: Each Book Entry Instrument may be an Instalment Instrument, 
depending on the Redemption/Payment Basis shown in the Final Terms. 
1.13 
Denomination of Book Entry Instruments: Book Entry Instruments are in the Specified 
Denomination or Denominations specified in the Final Terms. Book Entry Instruments of one 
denomination may not be exchanged for Book Entry Instruments of any other denomination. 
1.14 
Currency of Instruments: The Book Entry Instruments will be denominated in Euro or in such other 
currency as can be settled through Interbolsa, subject to compliance with all applicable legal and/or 
regulatory and/or central bank requirements. 
In these Conditions, "Book Entry Instrumentholder" and "holder" for the purposes of Book 
Entry Instruments means the person in whose name a Book Entry Instrument is registered in the 
relevant individual securities accounts held with an Affiliate Member of Interbolsa. 
2. 
Title and Transfer 
2.1 
Title to Bearer Instruments: Title to Bearer Instruments, Receipts and Coupons passes by delivery. 
References herein to the "Holders" of Bearer Instruments or of Receipts or Coupons are to the 
bearers of such Bearer Instruments or such Receipts or Coupons. 
2.2 
Title to Registered Instruments: Title to Registered Instruments passes by registration in the 
register which the Issuer shall procure to be kept by the Registrar. References herein to the 
"Holders" of Registered Instruments are to the persons in whose names such Registered 
Instruments are so registered in the relevant register. 
2.3 
Holder as Owner: The Holder of any Bearer Instrument, Coupon or Registered Instrument will 
(except as otherwise required by applicable law or regulatory requirement) be treated as its absolute 
owner for all purposes (whether or not it is overdue and regardless of any notice of ownership, trust 
or any interest thereof or therein, any writing thereon, or any theft or loss thereof) and no person 
shall be liable for so treating such Holder. 
2.4 
Transfer of Registered Instruments: A Registered Instrument may, upon the terms and subject to 
the conditions set forth in the Agency Agreement, be transferred in whole or in part only (provided 
that such part is, or is an integral multiple of, the minimum Specified Denomination) upon the 
surrender of the Registered Instrument to be transferred, together with the form of transfer endorsed 
on it duly completed and executed, at the specified office of the Registrar or any other Paying 
Agent. A new Registered Instrument will be issued to the transferee and, in the case of a transfer 
of part only of a Registered Instrument, a new Registered Instrument in respect of the balance not 
transferred will be issued to the transferor. 
2.5 
Exchange of Bearer Instruments: If so specified in the Final Terms, the Holder of Bearer 
Instruments may exchange the same for the same aggregate nominal amount of Registered 
Instruments upon the terms and subject to the conditions set forth in the Agency Agreement. In 
order to exchange a Bearer Instrument for a Registered Instrument, the Holder thereof shall 
surrender such Bearer Instrument at the specified office outside the United States of the Registrar 
or of any other Paying Agent together with a written request for the exchange. Each Bearer 
Instrument so surrendered must be accompanied by all unmatured Receipts and Coupons 
appertaining thereto other than the Coupon in respect of the next payment of interest falling due

--- Page 55 ---
- 53 - 
 
 
after the exchange date (as defined in Condition 2.6 (New Registered Instruments)) where the 
exchange date would, but for the provisions of Condition 2.6 (New Registered Instruments), occur 
between the Record Date (as defined in Condition 6.4 (Registered Instruments)) for such payment 
of interest and the date on which such payment of interest falls due. 
2.6 
New Registered Instruments: Each new Registered Instrument to be issued upon the transfer of a 
Registered Instrument or the exchange of a Bearer Instrument for a Registered Instrument will, 
within five Relevant Banking Days of the transfer date or, as the case may be, the exchange date, 
be available for collection by each relevant Holder at the specified office of the Registrar or, at the 
option of the Holder requesting such exchange or transfer be mailed (by uninsured post at the risk 
of the Holder(s) entitled thereto) to such address(es) as may be specified by such Holder. For these 
purposes, a form of transfer or request for exchange received by the Registrar or another Paying 
Agent after the Record Date in respect of any payment due in respect of Registered Instruments 
shall be deemed not to be effectively received by the Registrar or such other Paying Agent until 
the day following the due date for such payment. For the purposes of these Terms and Conditions: 
(a) 
"Relevant Banking Day" means a day on which commercial banks are open for business 
(including dealings in foreign exchange and foreign currency deposits) in the place where 
the specified office of the Registrar is located and, in the case only of an exchange of a 
Bearer Instrument for a Registered Instrument where such request for exchange is made 
to another Paying Agent, in the place where the specified office of such Paying Agent is 
located; 
(b) 
the "exchange date" shall be the Relevant Banking Day following the day on which the 
relevant Bearer Instrument shall have been surrendered for exchange in accordance with 
Condition 2.5 (Exchange of Bearer Instruments); and 
(c) 
the "transfer date" shall be the Relevant Banking Day following the day on which the 
relevant Registered Instrument shall have been surrendered for transfer in accordance with 
Condition 2.4 (Transfer of Registered Instruments). 
2.7 
No Charges upon Transfer or Exchange: The issue of new Registered Instruments on transfer or 
on the exchange of Bearer Instruments for Registered Instruments will be effected without charge 
by or on behalf of the Issuer, the Registrar or any other Paying Agent, but upon payment by the 
applicant of (or the giving by the applicant of such indemnity as the Issuer, the Registrar or such 
other Paying Agent may require in respect of) any tax, duty or other governmental charges which 
may be imposed in relation thereto. 
2.8 
Transfer of Book Entry Instruments: Title to the Book Entry Instruments passes upon registration 
in the relevant individual securities accounts held with an Affiliate Member of Interbolsa. Any 
Book Entry Instrumentholder will (except as otherwise required by law) be treated as its absolute 
owner for all purposes and no person will be liable for so treating the Book Entry Instrumentholder. 
3. 
Status of the Instruments 
The Instruments and any relative Receipts and Coupons are direct, unconditional, unsubordinated 
and (subject to the provisions of Condition 4 (Negative Pledge)) unsecured obligations of the Issuer 
and rank pari passu among themselves and (subject as aforesaid and save for certain obligations 
required to be preferred by law) equally with all other unsecured obligations (other than 
subordinated obligations, if any) of the Issuer from time to time outstanding. 
4. 
Negative Pledge 
So long as any of the Instruments remains outstanding (as defined in the Trust Deed), neither the 
Issuer nor, if EDP B.V. is the Issuer, EDP will create or, save only by operation of law, have 
outstanding any mortgage, lien, pledge or other charge (each a "Security Interest") other than any 
Permitted Security (as defined below) upon the whole or any part of its undertaking or assets, 
present or future (including any uncalled capital) to secure any Loan Stock of any Person or to 
secure any obligation of any Person under any guarantee of or indemnity or purchase of 
indebtedness undertaking in respect of any Loan Stock of any other Person without at the same 
time or prior thereto at the option of the Issuer or, if the Issuer is EDP B.V., EDP either (1) securing

--- Page 56 ---
- 54 - 
 
 
the Instruments or securing EDP's obligations under the Keep Well Agreement in each case equally 
and rateably with such Loan Stock, guarantee, indemnity or purchase of indebtedness undertaking 
to the satisfaction of the Trustee or (2) providing such other security for or other arrangement in 
respect of the Instruments or EDP's obligations under the Keep Well Agreement as the Trustee 
shall in its absolute discretion deem not materially less beneficial to the interests of the Holders or 
which shall be approved by an Extraordinary Resolution (as defined in the Trust Deed) of the 
Holders. 
For the purposes of these Terms and Conditions: 
"Loan Stock" means indebtedness (other than the Instruments) having an original maturity of more 
than one year which is in the form of, or represented or evidenced by, bonds, notes, debentures, 
loan stock or other debt securities (not comprising, for the avoidance of doubt, preference shares 
or other equity securities) which for the time being are, or are intended to be with the consent of 
the issuer thereof, quoted, listed, ordinarily dealt in or traded on any stock exchange and/or 
quotation system or by any listing authority or other established securities market other than any 
such indebtedness where the majority thereof is initially placed with investors domiciled in 
Portugal and who purchase such indebtedness in Portugal. 
"Permitted Security" means: 
(i) 
in the case of a consolidation or merger of EDP with or into another company (the 
"Combining Company") any Security Interest over assets of EDP if it is the surviving 
company or the company (if other than EDP) surviving or formed by such consolidation 
or merger provided that: (1) such Security Interest was created by the Combining 
Company over assets owned by it; (2) such Security Interest is existing at the time of such 
consolidation or merger; (3) such Security Interest was not created in contemplation of 
such consolidation or merger; and (4) the amount secured by such Security Interest is not 
increased thereafter; or 
(ii) 
any Security Interest on or with respect to assets (including but not limited to receivables) 
of the Issuer or, if EDP B.V. is the Issuer, EDP which is created pursuant to any 
securitisation or like arrangement in accordance with normal market practice and whereby 
the indebtedness secured by such Security Interest or the indebtedness in respect of any 
guarantee or indemnity which is secured by such Security Interest is limited to the value 
of such assets; or 
(iii) 
any Security Interest securing any indebtedness incurred in relation to any asset for the 
purpose of financing the whole or any part of the acquisition, creation, construction, 
improvement or development of such asset where the financial institutions to whom such 
indebtedness is owed have recourse solely to the applicable project borrower (where such 
project borrower is formed solely or principally for the purpose of the relevant project) 
and/or such asset (or any derivative asset thereof) and/or the shares held in such project 
borrower. 
"Person" means any individual, company, corporation, firm, partnership, joint venture, 
association, organisation, state, agency of a state or other entity, whether or not having separate 
legal personality. 
5. 
Interest 
The Final Terms will indicate whether the Instruments are Fixed Rate Instruments, Floating Rate 
Instruments or Zero Coupon Instruments. 
5.1 
Interest on Fixed Rate Instruments 
Each Fixed Rate Instrument bears interest from and including the Interest Commencement Date at 
the rate(s) per annum equal to the Rate(s) of Interest payable in arrear on the Interest Payment 
Date(s) in each year and on the Maturity Date if that does not fall on an Interest Payment Date. For 
so long as any of the Fixed Rate Instruments is represented by a Global Instrument interest will be 
calculated on the aggregate outstanding nominal amount of the Fixed Rate Instruments represented 
by such Global Instrument. In respect of each definitive Fixed Rate Instrument, interest will be

--- Page 57 ---
- 55 - 
 
 
calculated on its outstanding nominal amount. Interest on Fixed Rate Instruments which are Book 
Entry Instruments will be calculated on the full outstanding nominal amount of the Fixed Rate 
Instruments and will be paid to the Affiliate Members of Interbolsa for distribution by them to the 
accounts of entitled Book Entry Instrumentholders in accordance with Interbolsa's usual rules and 
operating procedures. 
If Instruments are in definitive form, except as provided in the Final Terms, the amount of interest 
payable on each Interest Payment Date in respect of the Fixed Interest Period ending on such date 
will amount to the Fixed Coupon Amount. Payments of interest on any Interest Payment Date will, 
if so specified in the Final Terms, amount to the Broken Amount so specified. 
Except in the case of Instruments in definitive form where an applicable Fixed Coupon Amount or 
Broken Amount is specified in the Final Terms, interest shall be calculated in respect of any period 
by applying the Rate of Interest to: 
(A) 
in the case of Fixed Rate Instruments which are (i) represented by a Global Instrument or 
(ii) Registered Instruments in definitive form, the aggregate outstanding nominal amount 
of (A) the Fixed Rate Instruments represented by such Global Instrument or (B) such 
Registered Instrument; or 
(B) 
in the case of Fixed Rate Instruments which are Bearer Instruments in definitive form, the 
Calculation Amount; 
and, in each case, multiplying such sum by the applicable Day Count Fraction. 
The resultant figure (including after application of any Fixed Coupon Amount or Broken Amount, 
as applicable, to the aggregate outstanding nominal amount of Fixed Rate Instruments which are 
Registered Instruments in definitive form or the Calculation Amount in the case of Fixed Rate 
Instruments which are Bearer Instruments in definitive form) shall be rounded to the nearest sub-
unit of the relevant Specified Currency, half of any such sub-unit being rounded upwards or 
otherwise in accordance with applicable market convention. 
Where the Specified Denomination of a Fixed Rate Instrument which is a Bearer Instrument in 
definitive form is a multiple of the Calculation Amount, the amount of interest payable in respect 
of such Fixed Rate Instrument shall be the product of the amount (determined in the manner 
provided above) for the Calculation Amount and the amount by which the Calculation Amount is 
multiplied to reach the Specified Denomination, without any further rounding. 
"Day Count Fraction" means, in respect of the calculation of an amount of interest for any Fixed 
Interest Period: 
(i) 
if "Actual/Actual (ICMA)" is specified in the Final Terms: 
(a) 
in the case of Instruments where the number of days in the relevant period from 
and including the most recent Interest Payment Date (or, if none, the Interest 
Commencement Date) to but excluding the relevant payment date (the "Accrual 
Period") is equal to or shorter than the Determination Period during which the 
Accrual Period ends, the number of days in such Accrual Period divided by the 
product of (1) the number of days in such Determination Period and (2) the 
number of Determination Dates (as specified in the Final Terms) that would occur 
in one calendar year; or 
(b) 
in the case of Instruments where the Accrual Period is longer than the 
Determination Period during which the Accrual Period ends, the sum of: 
(1) 
the number of days in such Accrual Period falling in the Determination 
Period in which the Accrual Period begins divided by the product of (x) 
the number of days in such Determination Period and (y) the number of 
Determination Dates (as specified in the Final Terms) that would occur 
in one calendar year; and

--- Page 58 ---
- 56 - 
 
 
(2) 
the number of days in such Accrual Period falling in the next 
Determination Period divided by the product of (x) the number of days 
in such Determination Period and (y) the number of Determination Dates 
that would occur in one calendar year; and 
(ii) 
if "30/360" is specified in the Final Terms, the number of days in the period from and 
including the most recent Interest Payment Date (or, if none, the Interest Commencement 
Date) to but excluding the relevant payment date (such number of days being calculated 
on the basis of 12 30-day months) divided by 360; and 
(iii) 
if "Actual/365" or "Actual/Actual (ISDA)" is specified in the Final Terms, the actual 
number of days in the Fixed Interest Period divided by 365 (or, if any portion of that 
Interest Period falls in a leap year, the sum of (A) the actual number of days in that portion 
of the Fixed Interest Period falling in a leap year divided by 366 and (B) the actual number 
of days in that portion of the Fixed Interest Period falling in a non-leap year divided by 
365). 
In these Conditions: 
"Determination Period" means the period from and including a Determination Date to but 
excluding the next Determination Date; 
"Fixed Interest Period" means the period from and including an Interest Payment Date (or the 
Interest Commencement Date) to but excluding the next (or first) Interest Payment Date; and 
"sub-unit" means, with respect to any currency other than euro, the lowest amount of such currency 
that is available as legal tender in the country of such currency and, with respect to euro, means 
one cent. 
5.2 
Interest on Floating Rate Instruments 
(a) 
Interest Payment Dates: Each Floating Rate Instrument bears interest from and including 
the Interest Commencement Date and such interest will be payable in arrear on either: 
(i) 
the Specified Interest Payment Date(s) (each an "Interest Payment Date") in 
each year specified in the Final Terms; or 
(ii) 
if no Specified Interest Payment Date(s) is/are specified in the Final Terms, each 
date (each an "Interest Payment Date") which falls the number of months or 
other period specified as the Specified Period in the Final Terms after the 
preceding Interest Payment Date or, in the case of the first Interest Payment Date, 
after the Interest Commencement Date. 
Such interest will be payable in respect of each Interest Period. In these Terms and 
Conditions, "Interest Period" means the period from and including an Interest Payment 
Date (or the Interest Commencement Date) to but excluding the next (or first) Interest 
Payment Date or the relevant payment date if the Instruments become payable on a date 
other than an Interest Payment Date. For so long as any of the Floating Rate Instruments 
is represented by a Global Instrument held on behalf of Clearstream, Luxembourg and/or 
Euroclear Bank, interest will be calculated on the aggregate outstanding nominal amount 
of the Instruments represented by such Global Instrument. In respect of each definitive 
Floating Rate Instrument, interest will be calculated on its outstanding nominal amount. 
Interest on Floating Rate Instruments which are Book Entry Instruments will be calculated 
on the full outstanding nominal amount of the Floating Rate Instruments will be paid to 
the Affiliate Members of Interbolsa for distribution by them to the accounts of entitled 
Instrumentholders in accordance with Interbolsa's usual rules and operating procedures. 
If a Business Day Convention is specified in the Final Terms and (x) if there is no 
numerically corresponding day in the calendar month in which an Interest Payment Date 
should occur or (y) if any Interest Payment Date would otherwise fall on a day which is 
not a Business Day, then, if the Business Day Convention specified is:

--- Page 59 ---
- 57 - 
 
 
(1) 
in any case where Specified Periods are specified in accordance with Condition 
5.2(a)(i) above, the Floating Rate Convention, such Interest Payment Date (i) in 
the case of (x) above, shall be the last day that is a Business Day in the relevant 
month and the provisions of (B) below shall apply mutatis mutandis or (ii) in the 
case of (y) above, shall be postponed to the next day which is a Business Day 
unless it would thereby fall into the next calendar month, in which event (A) such 
Interest Payment Date shall be brought forward to the immediately preceding 
Business Day and (B) each subsequent Interest Payment Date shall be the last 
Business Day in the month which falls the Specified Period after the preceding 
applicable Interest Payment Date occurred; or 
(2) 
the Following Business Day Convention, such Interest Payment Date shall be 
postponed to the next day which is a Business Day; or 
(3) 
the Modified Following Business Day Convention, such Interest Payment Date 
shall be postponed to the next day which is a Business Day unless it would thereby 
fall into the next calendar month, in which event such Interest Payment Date shall 
be brought forward to the immediately preceding Business Day; or 
(4) 
the Preceding Business Day Convention, such Interest Payment Date shall be 
brought forward to the immediately preceding Business Day. 
In these Conditions, "Business Day" means a day which is both: 
(A) 
a day on which commercial banks and foreign exchange markets settle payments 
and are open for general business (including dealing in foreign exchange and 
foreign currency deposits) in any Additional Business Centre specified in the 
Final Terms; and 
(B) 
either (1) in relation to any sum payable in a Specified Currency other than euro, 
a day on which commercial banks and foreign exchange markets settle payments 
and are open for general business (including dealing in foreign exchange and 
foreign currency deposits) in the principal financial centre of the country of the 
relevant Specified Currency (which, if the Specified Currency is Australian 
dollars, shall be Sydney) or (2) in relation to any sum payable in euro, a day on 
which Trans-European Automated Real-Time Gross Settlement Express Transfer 
(TARGET2) System (the "TARGET2 System") is open. 
(b) 
Rate of Interest: The Rate of Interest payable from time to time in respect of Floating Rate 
Instruments will be determined in the manner specified in the Final Terms (which shall 
specify whether ISDA Determination or Screen Rate Determination is applicable). 
(c) 
ISDA Determination for Floating Rate Instruments: Where ISDA Determination is 
specified in the Final Terms as the manner in which the Rate of Interest is to be determined, 
the Rate of Interest for each Interest Period will be the relevant ISDA Rate plus or minus 
(as indicated in the Final Terms) the Margin (if any). For the purposes of this Condition 
5.2(c), "ISDA Rate" for an Interest Period means a rate equal to the Floating Rate that 
would be determined by the Issue and Paying Agent or the Calculation Agent, as 
applicable, under an interest rate swap transaction if the Issue and Paying Agent or the 
Calculation Agent, as applicable, were acting as Calculation Agent (as defined in the ISDA 
Definitions (as defined below)) for that swap transaction under the terms of an agreement 
incorporating the 2006 ISDA Definitions (as amended and updated as at the Issue Date of 
the first Tranche of the Instruments, published by the International Swaps and Derivatives 
Association, Inc. (the "ISDA Definitions")) and under which: 
(1) 
the Floating Rate Option is as specified in the Final Terms; 
(2) 
the Designated Maturity is a period specified in the Final Terms; and 
(3) 
the relevant Reset Date is the day specified in the Final Terms.

--- Page 60 ---
- 58 - 
 
 
For the purposes of this Condition 5.2(c), "Floating Rate", "Floating Rate Option", 
"Designated Maturity" and "Reset Date" have the meanings given to those terms in the 
ISDA Definitions. 
(d) 
Screen Rate Determination for Floating Rate Instruments: Where Screen Rate 
Determination is specified in the Final Terms as the manner in which the Rate of Interest 
is to be determined, the Rate of Interest for each Interest Period will, subject as provided 
below, be either: 
(i) 
the offered quotation; or 
(ii) 
the arithmetic mean (rounded if necessary to the fifth decimal place, with 
0.000005 being rounded upwards) of the offered quotations, 
(expressed as a percentage rate per annum) for the Reference Rate (being either LIBOR 
or EURIBOR, as specified in the Final Terms) which appears or appear, as the case may 
be, on the Relevant Screen Page as at 11.00 a.m. (Relevant Financial Centre time) on the 
Interest Determination Date in question plus or minus (as indicated in the Final Terms) 
the Margin (if any), all as determined by the Issue and Paying Agent or the Calculation 
Agent, as applicable. If five or more of such offered quotations are available on the 
Relevant Screen Page, the highest (or, if there is more than one such highest quotation, 
one only of such quotations) and the lowest (or, if there is more than one such lowest 
quotation, one only of such quotations) shall be disregarded by the Issue and Paying Agent 
or the Calculation Agent, as applicable, for the purpose of determining the arithmetic mean 
(rounded as provided above) of such offered quotations. 
If the Relevant Screen Page is not available or if, in the case of (i) above, no offered 
quotation appears or, in the case of (ii) above, fewer than three offered quotations appear, 
in each case as at 11.00 a.m. (London time, in the case of LIBOR, or Brussels time, in the 
case of EURIBOR), EDP and/or the Determination Agent or the Calculation Agent, as 
applicable, shall request each of the Reference Banks or the Calculation Agent, as 
applicable, to provide the Issue and Paying Agent with its offered quotation (expressed as 
a percentage rate per annum) for the Reference Rate at approximately 11.00 a.m. (London 
time, in the case of LIBOR, or Brussels time, in the case of EURIBOR) on the Interest 
Determination Date in question. If two or more of the Reference Banks provide the Issue 
and Paying Agent or the Calculation Agent, as applicable, with offered quotations, the 
Rate of Interest for the Interest Period shall be the arithmetic mean (rounded if necessary 
to the fifth decimal place with 0.000005 being rounded upwards) of the offered quotations 
plus or minus (as appropriate) the Margin (if any), all as determined by the Issue and 
Paying Agent or the Calculation Agent, as applicable, provided that, if the Rate of Interest 
cannot be determined in accordance with the foregoing provisions of this paragraph, the 
Rate of Interest shall be determined as at the last preceding Interest Determination Date 
(though substituting, where a different Margin is to be applied to the relevant Interest 
Period from that which applied to the last preceding Interest Period, the Margin relating 
to the relevant Interest Period in place of the Margin relating to that last preceding Interest 
Period). 
(e) 
Minimum Rate of Interest and/or Maximum Rate of Interest: If the Final Terms specifies 
a Minimum Rate of Interest for any Interest Period, then, in the event that the Rate of 
Interest in respect of such Interest Period determined in accordance with the provisions of 
Conditions 5.2(b), 5.2(c) or 5.2(d) above is less than such Minimum Rate of Interest, the 
Rate of Interest for such Interest Period shall be such Minimum Rate of Interest. 
If the Final Terms specifies a Maximum Rate of Interest for any Interest Period, then, in 
the event that the Rate of Interest in respect of such Interest Period determined in 
accordance with the provisions of Conditions 5.2(b), 5.2(c) or 5.2(d) is greater than such 
Maximum Rate of Interest, the Rate of Interest for such Interest Period shall be such 
Maximum Rate of Interest. 
(f) 
Determination of Rate of Interest and calculation of Interest Amounts: The Issue and 
Paying Agent or the Calculation Agent, as applicable, will at or as soon as practicable after

--- Page 61 ---
- 59 - 
 
 
each time at which the Rate of Interest is to be determined, determine the Rate of Interest 
for the relevant Interest Period. 
The Issue and Paying Agent will calculate the amount of interest (the "Interest Amount") 
payable on the Floating Rate Instruments in respect of each Specified Denomination for 
the relevant Interest Period. 
The Issue and Paying Agent or the Calculation Agent, as applicable, will calculate the 
amount of interest ("Interest Amount") payable on the Floating Rate Instruments for the 
relevant Interest Period by applying the Rate of Interest to: 
(A) 
in the case of Floating Rate Instruments which are represented by a Global 
Instrument, the aggregate outstanding nominal amount of the Instruments 
represented by such Global Instrument; or 
(B) 
in the case of Floating Rate Instruments in definitive form, the Calculation 
Amount, 
and, in each case multiplying such sum by the applicable Day Count Fraction and rounding 
the resultant figure to the nearest sub-unit of the relevant Specified Currency, half of any 
such sub-unit being rounded upwards or otherwise in accordance with applicable market 
convention. Where the Specified Denomination of a Floating Rate Instrument in definitive 
form is a multiple of the Calculation Amount, the Interest Amount payable in respect of 
such Instrument shall be the product of the amount (determined in the manner provided 
above) for the Calculation Amount and the amount by which the Calculation Amount is 
multiplied to reach the Specified Denomination without any further rounding. 
"Day Count Fraction" means, in respect of the calculation of an amount of interest for 
any Interest Period: 
(i) 
if "Actual/Actual" or "Actual/Actual (ISDA)" is specified in the Final Terms, 
the actual number of days in the Interest Period divided by 365 (or, if any portion 
of that Interest Period falls in a leap year, the sum of (A) the actual number of 
days in that portion of the Interest Period falling in a leap year divided by 366 and 
(B) the actual number of days in that portion of the Interest Period falling in a 
non-leap year divided by 365); 
(ii) 
if "Actual/365 (Fixed)" is specified in the Final Terms, the actual number of days 
in the Interest Period divided by 365; 
(iii) 
if "Actual/365 (Sterling)" is specified in the Final Terms, the actual number of 
days in the Interest Period divided by 365 or, in the case of an Interest Payment 
Date falling in a leap year, 366; 
(iv) 
if "Actual/360" is specified in the Final Terms, the actual number of days in the 
Interest Period divided by 360; 
(v) 
if "30/360", "360/360" or "Bond Basis" is specified in the Final Terms, the 
number of days in the Interest Period divided by 360, calculated on a formula 
basis as follows: 
Day Count Fraction ൌሾ360 x ሺYଶെYଵሻሿ൅ሾ30 x ሺMଶെMଵሻሿ൅ሺDଶെDଵሻ
360
 
where: 
"Y1" is the year, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the Interest 
Period falls; 
"Y2" is the year, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately following 
the last day of the Interest Period falls;

--- Page 62 ---
- 60 - 
 
 
"M1" is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the 
Interest Period falls; 
"M2" is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately 
following the last day of the Interest Period falls; 
"D1" is the first calendar day, expressed as a number, of the Interest Period, unless 
such number would be 31, in which case D1 will be 30; and 
"D2" is the calendar day, expressed as a number, immediately following the last 
day included in the Interest Period, unless such number would be 31 and D1 is 
greater than 29, in which case D2 will be 30; 
(vi) 
if "30E/360" or "Eurobond Basis" is specified in the Final Terms, the number of 
days in the Interest Period divided by 360, calculated on a formula basis as 
follows: 
Day Count Fraction ൌሾ360 x ሺYଶെYଵሻሿ൅ሾ30 x ሺMଶെMଵሻሿ൅ሺDଶെDଵሻ
360
 
where: 
"Y1" is the year, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the Interest 
Period falls; 
"Y2" is the year, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately following 
the last day of the Interest Period falls; 
"M1" is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the 
Interest Period falls; 
"M2" is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately 
following the last day of the Interest Period falls; 
"D1" is the first calendar day, expressed as a number, of the Interest Period, unless 
such number would be 31, in which case D1 will be 30; and 
"D2" is the calendar day, expressed as a number, immediately following the last 
day included in the Interest Period, unless such number would be 31, in which 
case D2 will be 30; and 
(vii) 
if "30E/360 (ISDA)" is specified in the Final Terms, the number of days in the 
Interest Period divided by 360, calculated on a formula basis as follows: 
Day Count Fraction ൌሾ360 x ሺYଶെYଵሻሿ൅ሾ30 x ሺMଶെMଵሻሿ൅ሺDଶെDଵሻ
360
 
where: 
"Y1" is the year, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the Interest 
Period falls; 
"Y2" is the year, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately following 
the last day of the Interest Period falls; 
"M1" is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the 
Interest Period falls; 
"M2" is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately 
following the last day of the Interest Period falls;

--- Page 63 ---
- 61 - 
 
 
"D1" is the first calendar day, expressed as a number, of the Interest Period, unless 
(1) that day is the last day of February or (2) such number would be 31, in which 
case D1 will be 30; and 
"D2" is the calendar day, expressed as a number, immediately following the last 
day included in the Interest Period, unless (1) that day is the last day of February 
but not the Maturity Date or (2) such number would be 31 and D2 will be 30. 
(g) 
Notification of Rate of Interest and Interest Amounts: The Issue and Paying Agent or the 
Calculation Agent, as applicable, will cause the Rate of Interest and each Interest Amount 
for each Interest Period and the relevant Interest Payment Date to be notified to the Issuer, 
the Trustee and any stock exchange or other relevant authority on which the relevant 
Floating Rate Instruments are for the time being listed or by which they have been 
admitted to listing and notice thereof to be published in accordance with Condition 15 
(Notices) as soon as possible after their determination but in no event later than the fourth 
London Business Day thereafter. Each Interest Amount and Interest Payment Date so 
notified may subsequently be amended (or appropriate alternative arrangements made by 
way of adjustment) without prior notice in the event of an extension or shortening of the 
Interest Period. Any such amendment will be promptly notified to each stock exchange or 
other relevant authority on which the relevant Floating Rate Instruments are for the time 
being listed or by which they have been admitted to listing and to the Holders in 
accordance with Condition 15 (Notices). For the purposes of this paragraph, the expression 
"London Business Day" means a day (other than a Saturday or a Sunday) on which banks 
and foreign exchange markets are open for business in London. 
(h) 
Linear Interpolation: Where Linear Interpolation is specified as applicable in respect of 
an Interest Period in the Final Terms, the Rate of Interest for such Interest Period shall be 
calculated by the Issue and Paying Agent or the Calculation Agent, as applicable, by 
straight line linear interpolation by reference to two rates based on the relevant Reference 
Rate (where Screen Rate Determination is specified as applicable in the Final Terms) or 
the relevant Floating Rate Option (where ISDA Determination is specified as applicable 
in the Final Terms), one of which shall be determined as if the Designated Maturity were 
the period of time for which rates are available next shorter than the length of the relevant 
Interest Period and the other of which shall be determined as if the Designated Maturity 
were the period of time for which rates are available next longer than the length of the 
relevant Interest Period provided however that if there is no rate available for a period 
of time next shorter or, as the case may be, next longer, then the Issue and Paying Agent 
or the Calculation Agent, as applicable, shall determine such rate at such time and by 
reference to such sources as it determines appropriate. 
"Designated Maturity" means, in relation to Screen Rate Determination, the period of 
time designated in the Reference Rate. 
(i) 
Determination or calculation by the Calculation Agent: If for any reason at any time the 
Issue and Paying Agent defaults in its obligations to determine the Rate of Interest or in 
its obligation to calculate any Interest Amount in accordance with the provisions of 
Conditions 5.2(c) or 5.2(d) above, as the case may be, and in each case, in accordance with 
paragraph 5(f) above, the Calculation Agent shall determine the Rate of Interest at such 
rate as, in its absolute discretion (having such regard as it may think fit to the foregoing 
provisions of this Condition, but subject always to any Minimum or Maximum Rate of 
Interest specified in the Final Terms), it shall deem fair and reasonable in all the 
circumstances or, as the case may be, the Calculation Agent may calculate the Interest 
Amount(s) in such manner as it shall deem fair and reasonable in all the circumstances 
and each such determination or calculation shall be deemed to have been made by the 
Issue and Paying Agent. 
(j) 
Certificates to be final: All certificates, communications, opinions, determinations, 
calculations, quotations and decisions given, expressed, made or obtained for the purposes 
of the provisions of this Condition 5.2, by the Issue and Paying Agent or the Calculation 
Agent, as applicable, shall (in the absence of manifest error) be binding on the Issuer, the 
Trustee, EDP (if the Issuer is EDP B.V.), the Issue and Paying Agent, the other Paying

--- Page 64 ---
- 62 - 
 
 
Agents and all Holders and (in the absence as aforesaid) no liability to the Issuer, EDP (if 
the Issuer is EDP B.V.) or the Holders shall attach to the Issue and Paying Agent or the 
Calculation Agent, as applicable in connection with the exercise or non-exercise by it of 
its powers, duties and discretions pursuant to such provisions. 
5.3 
Accrual of interest 
Each Instrument (or, in the case of the redemption of part only of an Instrument, that part only of 
such Instrument) will cease to bear interest (if any) from the date for its redemption unless, upon 
due presentation thereof, if applicable, or, in the case of a Book Entry Instrument presentation of 
the relevant Certificate in respect thereof, payment of principal is improperly withheld or refused. 
In such event, interest will continue to accrue as provided in the Trust Deed. 
5.4 
Benchmark Discontinuation 
(a) 
Notwithstanding the operation of Condition 5.2 (Interest on Floating Rate Instruments), 
if EDP (in consultation with the Calculation Agent (or the person specified in the relevant 
Final Terms as the party responsible for calculating the Rate of Interest)) determines that 
a Benchmark Event has occurred, when any Rate of Interest (or the relevant component 
part thereof) remains to be determined by reference to a Reference Rate, then the following 
provisions shall apply. 
(b) 
EDP shall use its reasonable endeavours to appoint an Independent Adviser, no later than 
5 Business Days prior to the Interest Determination Date relating to the next succeeding 
Interest Period, to determine a Successor Rate, failing which an Alternative Rate (in 
accordance with Condition 5.4(c)) and, in either case, an Adjustment Spread, if any (in 
accordance with Condition 5.4(d)) and any Benchmark Amendments (in accordance with 
Condition 5.4(e)). 
For the avoidance of doubt, the Independent Adviser if acting in good faith and, in the 
absence of bad faith or fraud, shall have no liability whatsoever to the Issuer (nor, if EDP 
B.V. is the Issuer, EDP), the Trustee, the Paying Agents or the Holders for any 
determination made by it pursuant to this Condition 5.4. 
If (i) EDP is unable, having used its reasonable endeavours, to appoint an Independent 
Adviser or (ii) the Independent Adviser appointed by it fails to determine a Successor Rate 
or, failing which, an Alternative Rate and, in each case, an Adjustment Spread, in 
accordance with this Condition 5.4 prior to the date which is 3 Business Days prior to the 
relevant Interest Determination Date, the Reference Rate applicable to the immediate 
following Interest Period shall be the Reference Rate applicable as at the last preceding 
Interest Determination Date. If there has not been a first Interest Payment Date, the 
Reference Rate shall be the Reference Rate applicable to the first Floating Rate Interest 
Period. For the avoidance of doubt, any adjustment pursuant to this final paragraph of 
Condition 5.4 shall apply to the immediately following Interest Period only. Any 
subsequent Interest Period may be subject to the subsequent operation of this Condition 
5.4. 
(c) 
If the Independent Adviser determines in its discretion that: 
(A) 
there is a Successor Rate, then such Successor Rate shall (subject to adjustment 
as provided in Condition 5.4(d)) subsequently be used in place of the Reference 
Rate to determine the Rate of Interest for the immediately following Interest 
Period and all following Interest Periods, subject to the subsequent operation of 
this Condition 5.4; or 
(B) 
there is no Successor Rate but that there is an Alternative Rate, then such 
Alternative Rate shall (subject to adjustment as provided in Condition 5.4(d)) 
subsequently be used in place of the Reference Rate to determine the Rate of 
Interest for the immediately following Interest Period and all following Interest 
Periods, subject to the subsequent operation of this Condition 5.4.

--- Page 65 ---
- 63 - 
 
 
(d) 
If a Successor Rate or Alternative Rate is determined in accordance with Condition 5.4(c), 
the Independent Adviser shall determine an Adjustment Spread (which may be expressed 
as a specified quantum or a formula or methodology for determining the applicable 
Adjustment Spread), which Adjustment Spread shall be applied to the Successor Rate or 
the Alternative Rate (as the case may be), subject to the subsequent further operation and 
adjustment as provided in this Condition 5.4. For the avoidance of doubt, an Adjustment 
Spread may be positive, negative or zero. 
(e) 
If any relevant Successor Rate, Alternative Rate or Adjustment Spread is determined in 
accordance with this Condition 5.4 and the Independent Adviser determines in its 
discretion: 
(A) 
that amendments to these Conditions, the Trust Deed, the Interbolsa Instrument 
and/or the Agency Agreement are necessary to ensure the proper operation of 
such Successor Rate, Alternative Rate and/or Adjustment Spread (such 
amendments, the "Benchmark Amendments"); and 
(B) 
the terms of the Benchmark Amendments, 
then EDP and EDP B.V. shall, subject to giving notice thereof in accordance with 
Condition 5.4(f), without any requirement for the consent or approval of relevant Holders, 
vary these Conditions, the Trust Deed, the Interbolsa Instrument or the Agency Agreement 
to give effect to such Benchmark Amendments with effect from the date specified in such 
notice. 
The Trustee, the Calculation Agent and the Issue and Paying Agent shall, at the request 
and expense of EDP and without the requirement for any consent or approval of the 
Holders, concur with EDP and EDP B.V. in effecting any Benchmark Amendments as 
may be required in order to give effect to this Condition 5.4(e), subject to receipt by the 
Trustee of the certificate referred to in Condition 5.4(g) below, provided however, that 
neither the Trustee, the Calculation Agent nor the Issue and Paying Agent shall be obliged 
so to concur if in the reasonable opinion of the Trustee, the Calculation Agent or the Issue 
and Paying Agent (as applicable) doing so would have the effect of imposing more 
onerous obligations upon it or expose it to any additional duties, responsibilities or 
liabilities or reduce or amend the protective provisions in these Conditions, the Agency 
Agreement or the Trust Deed. 
(f) 
Any Successor Rate, Alternative Rate, Adjustment Spread and the specific terms of any 
Benchmark Amendments, determined under this Condition 5.4 will be notified promptly 
by the Issuer to the Trustee, the Paying Agents, the Calculation Agent and, in accordance 
with Condition 15 (Notices), the Holders. Such notice shall be irrevocable and shall 
specify the effective date of the Benchmark Amendments, if any. 
(g) 
No later than notifying the Trustee of the same, the Issuer shall deliver to the Trustee a 
certificate signed by two of its Directors: 
(A) 
confirming (x) that a Benchmark Event has occurred, (y) the relevant Successor 
Rate, or, as the case may be, the relevant Alternative Rate and, (z) where 
applicable, any relevant Adjustment Spread and/or the specific terms of any 
relevant Benchmark Amendments, in each case as determined in accordance with 
the provisions of this Condition 5.4; and 
(B) 
certifying that the relevant Benchmark Amendments are necessary to ensure the 
proper operation of such relevant Successor Rate, Alternative Rate and/or 
Adjustment Spread. 
The Trustee shall be entitled to rely on such certificate (without further enquiry and 
without liability to any person) as sufficient evidence thereof. 
(h) 
The Successor Rate or Alternative Rate and the Adjustment Spread (if any) and the 
Benchmark Amendments (if any) specified in such certificate will (in the absence of 
manifest error in the determination of such Successor Rate or Alternative Rate and such

--- Page 66 ---
- 64 - 
 
 
Adjustment Spread (if any) and such Benchmark Amendments (if any)) be binding on the 
Issuer (and, if EDP B.V. is the Issuer, EDP), the Trustee, the Paying Agents, the 
Calculation Agent and the Holders. 
(i) 
Without prejudice to the obligations of EDP and EDP B.V., as appropriate, under 
Condition 5.4(b), (c), (d) and (e), the Reference Rate and the fallback provisions provided 
for in Condition 5.2(d) will continue to apply unless and until the Calculation Agent or the 
person specified in the Final Terms as the party responsible for calculating the Rate of 
Interest has been notified of the Successor Rate or the Alternative Rate (as the case may 
be), the applicable Adjustment Spread and Benchmark Amendments (if applicable), in 
accordance with Condition 5.4(f) 
(j) 
If, in the case of any Benchmark Event, any Successor Rate, Alternative Rate and/or 
Adjustment Spread is notified to the Issue and Paying Agent or, as applicable, the 
Calculation Agent pursuant to Condition 5.4(f), and the Issue and Paying Agent or, as 
applicable, the Calculation Agent is in any way uncertain as to the application of such 
Successor Rate, Alternative Rate and/or Adjustment Spread in the calculation or 
determination of any Rate of Interest (or any component part thereof), it shall promptly 
notify the Issuer thereof and the Issuer shall direct the Issue and Paying Agent or, as 
applicable, the Calculation Agent in writing (which direction may be by way of a written 
determination of an Independent Advisor) as to which course of action to adopt in the 
application of such Successor Rate, Alternative Rate and/or Adjustment Spread in the 
determination of such Rate of Interest. If the Issue and Paying Agent or, as applicable, the 
Calculation Agent is not promptly provided with such direction, or is otherwise unable to 
make such calculation or determination for any reason, it shall notify the Issuer thereof 
and the Issue and Paying Agent or, as applicable, the Calculation Agent shall be under no 
obligation to make such calculation or determination and shall not incur any liability for 
not doing so. For the avoidance of doubt, for the period that the Issue and Paying Agent 
or, as applicable, the Calculation Agent remains uncertain of the application of the 
Successor Rate, Alternative Rate and/or Adjustment Spread in the calculation or 
determination of any Rate of Interest (or any component part thereof), the Reference Rate 
and the fallback provisions provided for in Conditions 5.2 will continue to apply. 
In this Condition 5.4, where the context so permits, "Reference Rate" includes any Successor Rate 
or Alternative Rate that has replaced the Reference Rate specified in the Final Terms. As used in 
this Condition 5.4: 
"Adjustment Spread" means either a spread (which may be positive, negative or zero), or the 
formula or methodology for calculating a spread, in either case, which the Independent Adviser 
determines is required to be applied to the relevant Successor Rate or the relevant Alternative Rate 
(as the case may be) to reduce or eliminate, to the extent reasonably practicable in the 
circumstances, any economic prejudice or benefit (as the case may be) to Holders as a result of the 
replacement of the Reference Rate with the Successor Rate or the Alternative Rate (as the case 
may be) and is the spread, formula or methodology which: 
(A) 
in the case of a Successor Rate, is formally recommended in relation to the replacement 
of the Reference Rate with the Successor Rate by any Relevant Nominating Body; or 
(B) 
(if no such recommendation has been made, or in the case of an Alternative Rate), the 
Independent Adviser determines is customarily applied to the relevant Successor Rate or 
Alternative Rate (as the case may be) in international debt capital markets transactions to 
produce an industry-accepted replacement rate for the Reference Rate; or 
(C) 
(if no such recommendation has been made, or in the case of an Alternative Rate) the 
Independent Adviser determines is recognised or acknowledged as being the industry 
standard for over-the-counter derivative transactions which reference the Reference Rate, 
where such rate has been replaced by the Successor Rate or the Alternative Rate (as the 
case may be); or 
(D) 
(if the Independent Adviser determines that no such industry standard is recognised or 
acknowledged) the Independent Adviser determines to be appropriate.

--- Page 67 ---
- 65 - 
 
 
"Alternative Rate" means an alternative benchmark or screen rate which the Independent Adviser 
determines in accordance with Condition 5.4(c) is customary in market usage in the international 
debt capital markets for the purposes of determining floating rates of interest (or the relevant 
component part thereof) in the Specified Currency. 
"Benchmark Event" means: 
(A) 
the relevant Reference Rate has ceased to be published on the Relevant Screen Page as a 
result of such benchmark ceasing to be calculated or administered; or 
(B) 
a public statement by the administrator of the relevant Reference Rate that it has ceased, 
or will, by a specified date within the following six months, cease, publishing such 
Reference Rate permanently or indefinitely (in circumstances where no successor 
administrator has been appointed that will continue publication of such Reference Rate); 
or 
(C) 
a public statement by the supervisor of the administrator of the relevant Reference Rate 
that such Reference Rate has been or will, by a specified date within the following six 
months, be permanently or indefinitely discontinued; or 
(D) 
a public statement by the supervisor of the administrator of the relevant Reference Rate 
that means that such Reference Rate will, by a specified date within the following six 
months, be prohibited from being used or that its use will be subject to restrictions or 
adverse consequences, either generally or in respect of the Instruments; or 
(E) 
a public statement by the supervisor of the administrator of the relevant Reference Rate 
that, in the view of such supervisor, such Reference Rate is no longer representative of an 
underlying market; or 
(F) 
it has or will, by a specified date within the following six months, become unlawful for 
the Calculation Agent to calculate any payments due to be made to any Holder using the 
relevant Reference Rate (as applicable) (including, without limitation, under the 
Benchmarks Regulation (EU) 2016/1011, if applicable). 
"Independent Adviser" means an independent financial institution of international repute or other 
independent financial adviser experienced in the international capital markets, in each case 
appointed by EDP at its own expense under Condition 5.4(b). 
"Relevant Nominating Body" means, in respect of a benchmark or screen rate (as applicable): 
(A) 
the central bank for the currency to which the benchmark or screen rate (as applicable) 
relates, or any central bank or other supervisory authority which is responsible for 
supervising the administrator of the benchmark or screen rate (as applicable); or 
(B) 
any working group or committee sponsored by, chaired or co-chaired by or constituted at 
the request of (a) the central bank for the currency to which the benchmark or screen rate 
(as applicable) relates, (b) any central bank or other supervisory authority which is 
responsible for supervising the administrator of the benchmark or screen rate (as 
applicable), (c) a group of the aforementioned central banks or other supervisory 
authorities or (d) the Financial Stability Board or any part thereof. 
"Successor Rate" means a successor to or replacement of the Reference Rate which is formally 
recommended by any Relevant Nominating Body. 
6. 
Payments 
6.1 
Method of payment: Subject and except as provided below: 
(i) 
payments in a Specified Currency other than euro will be made by credit or transfer to an 
account in the relevant Specified Currency maintained by the payee with a bank in the 
principal financial centre of the country of such Specified Currency; and

--- Page 68 ---
- 66 - 
 
 
(ii) 
payments in euro will be made by credit or transfer to a euro account (or any other account 
to which euro may be credited or transferred) specified by the payee. 
Subject always to Condition 8 (Taxation), payments will be subject in all cases to (i) any fiscal or 
other laws and regulations applicable thereto in the place of payment and (ii) any withholding or 
deduction required pursuant to an agreement described in Section 1471(b) of the U.S. Internal 
Revenue Code of 1986 (the "Code") or otherwise imposed pursuant to Sections 1471 through 1474 
of the Code, any regulations or agreements thereunder, any official interpretations thereof, or any 
law implementing an intergovernmental approach thereto. 
6.2 
Presentation of Bearer Instruments, Receipts and Coupons: Payments of principal in respect of 
Bearer Instruments will (subject as provided below) be made in the manner provided in Condition 
6.1 (Method of payment) above only, where applicable, against presentation and surrender (or, in 
the case of part payment of any sum due, endorsement) of Bearer Instruments, and payments of 
interest in respect of Bearer Instruments will (subject as provided below) be made as aforesaid 
only, where applicable, against presentation and surrender (or, in the case of part payment of any 
sum due, endorsement) of Coupons, in each case at the specified office of any Paying Agent outside 
the United States (which expression, as used herein, means the United States of America (including 
the States and the District of Columbia and its possessions)). 
Payments of instalments of principal (if any) in respect of Bearer Instruments, other than the final 
instalment, will (subject as provided below) be made in the manner provided in Condition 6.1 
(Method of payment) above against presentation and surrender (or, in the case of part payment of 
any sum due, endorsement) of the relevant Receipt in accordance with the preceding paragraph. 
Payment of the final instalment will be made in the manner provided in Condition 6.1 (Method of 
payment) above only against presentation and surrender (or, in the case of part payment of any sum 
due, endorsement) of the relevant Instrument in accordance with the preceding paragraph. Each 
Receipt must be presented for payment of the relevant instalment together with the definitive 
Instrument to which it appertains. Receipts presented without the definitive Instrument to which 
they appertain do not constitute valid obligations of the Issuer. Upon the date on which any 
definitive Instrument becomes due and repayable, unmatured Receipts (if any) relating thereto 
(whether or not attached) shall become void and no payment shall be made in respect thereof. 
Fixed Rate Instruments in bearer form (other than Long Maturity Instruments (as defined below)) 
should be presented for payment together with all unmatured Coupons appertaining thereto (which 
expression shall for this purpose include Coupons falling to be issued on exchange of matured 
Talons), failing which the amount of any missing unmatured Coupon (or, in the case of payment 
not being made in full, the same proportion of the amount of such missing unmatured Coupon as 
the sum so paid bears to the sum due) will be deducted from the sum due for payment. Each amount 
of principal so deducted will be paid in the manner mentioned above against surrender of the 
relative missing Coupon at any time before the expiry of 10 years after the Relevant Date (as 
defined in Condition 8 (Taxation)) in respect of such principal (whether or not such Coupon would 
otherwise have become void under Condition 9 (Prescription)) or, if later, five years from the date 
on which such Coupon would otherwise have become due, but in no event thereafter. 
Upon any Fixed Rate Instrument in bearer form becoming due and repayable prior to its Maturity 
Date, all unmatured Talons (if any) appertaining thereto will become void and no further Coupons 
will be issued in respect thereof. 
Upon the date on which any Floating Rate Instrument or Long Maturity Instrument in definitive 
form becomes due and repayable, unmatured Coupons and Talons (if any) relating thereto (whether 
or not attached) shall become void and no payment or, as the case may be, exchange for further 
Coupons shall be made in respect thereof. A "Long Maturity Instrument" is a Fixed Rate 
Instrument (other than a Fixed Rate Instrument which on issue had a Talon attached) whose 
nominal amount on issue is less than the aggregate interest payable thereon provided that such 
Instrument shall cease to be a Long Maturity Instrument on the Interest Payment Date on which 
the aggregate amount of interest remaining to be paid after that date is less than the nominal amount 
of such Instrument. 
Other than in respect of Book Entry Instruments, if the due date for redemption of any Instrument 
is not an Interest Payment Date, interest (if any) accrued in respect of such Instrument from and

--- Page 69 ---
- 67 - 
 
 
including the preceding Interest Payment Date or, as the case may be, the Interest Commencement 
Date shall be payable only against surrender of the relevant Bearer Instrument. 
Payments in respect of the Book Entry Instruments will be made by transfer to the registered 
account of the holders maintained by or on behalf of them with a bank that processes payments in 
the relevant currency, details of which appear in the records of the relevant Affiliate Members of 
Interbolsa at the close of business on the Payment Day (as defined in Condition 6.5 (Payment Day) 
below) before the due date for payment of principal and/or interest. 
6.3 
U.S. Paying Agent: Notwithstanding the foregoing provisions of Condition 6.2 (Presentation of 
Bearer Instruments, Receipts and Coupons), if any amount of principal and/or interest in respect 
of Instruments is payable in U.S. dollars, such U.S. dollar payments of principal and/or interest in 
respect of such Instruments will be made at the specified office of a Paying Agent in the United 
States if: 
(i) 
the Issuer has appointed Paying Agents with specified offices outside the United States 
with the reasonable expectation that such Paying Agents would be able to make payment 
in U.S. dollars at such specified offices outside the United States of the full amount of 
principal and interest on the Instruments in the manner provided above when due; 
(ii) 
payment of the full amount of such principal and interest at all such specified offices 
outside the United States is illegal or effectively precluded by exchange controls or other 
similar restrictions on the full payment or receipt of principal and interest in U.S. dollars; 
and 
(iii) 
such payment is then permitted under United States law without involving, in the opinion 
of the Issuer, adverse tax consequences to the Issuer or, if the Issuer is EDP B.V., EDP – 
Energias de Portugal, S.A. 
6.4 
Registered Instruments: Payments of amounts (including accrued interest) due on the final 
redemption of Registered Instruments will be made against presentation and, save in the case of a 
partial redemption, surrender of the relevant Registered Instruments at the specified office of the 
Registrar. 
Payments of amounts (whether principal, interest or otherwise) due in respect of Registered 
Instruments will be paid to the Holders thereof (or, in the case of joint Holders, the first-named) as 
appearing in the register kept by the Registrar (1) where in global form, at the close of the business 
day (being for this purpose a day on which Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg are open for 
business) before the relevant due date, and (2) where in definitive form, as at close of business 
(Luxembourg time) on the fifteenth Luxembourg business day (the "Record Date") before the due 
date for such payment provided that the amounts due in respect of Registered Instruments under 
Condition 10 (Events of Default) will be paid to the Holders thereof (or, in the case of joint Holders, 
the first-named) as appearing in such register as at opening of business (Luxembourg time) on the 
date on which such payment is made. 
6.5 
Payment Day: If the date for payment of any amount in respect of any Instrument, Receipt or 
Coupon is not a Payment Day, the holder thereof shall not be entitled to payment until the next 
following Payment Day in the relevant place and shall not be entitled to further interest or other 
payment in respect of such delay. For these purposes, "Payment Day" means any day which 
(subject to Condition 9 (Prescription)) is: 
(i) 
a day on which commercial banks and foreign exchange markets settle payments and are 
open for general business (including dealing in foreign exchange and foreign currency 
deposits) in each Additional Financial Centre specified in the Final Terms and, in the case 
of Instruments in definitive form only, in the relevant place of presentation, or, in the case 
of Book Entry Instruments, in Portugal; and 
(ii) 
either (1) in relation to any sum payable in a Specified Currency other than euro, a day on 
which commercial banks and foreign exchange markets settle payments and are open for 
general business (including dealing in foreign exchange and foreign currency deposits) in 
the principal financial centre of the country of the relevant Specified Currency (if other

--- Page 70 ---
- 68 - 
 
 
than the place of presentation, and any Additional Financial Centre) or (2) in relation to 
any sum payable in euro, a day on which the TARGET 2 System is open. 
6.6 
Interpretation of principal and interest: Any reference in these Terms and Conditions to principal 
in respect of the Instruments shall be deemed to include, as applicable: 
(i) 
any additional amounts which may be payable with respect to principal under Condition 
8 (Taxation) or under any undertakings or covenants given in addition thereto or in 
substitution therefor pursuant to the Trust Deed; 
(ii) 
the Final Redemption Amount of the Instruments; 
(iii) 
the Early Redemption Amount of the Instruments; 
(iv) 
the Optional Redemption Amount(s) (if any) of the Instruments; 
(v) 
in relation to Instruments redeemable in instalments, the Instalment Amounts; 
(vi) 
in relation to Zero Coupon Instruments, the Amortised Face Amount (as defined in 
Condition 7.6); and 
(vii) 
any premium and any other amounts which may be payable by the Issuer under or in 
respect of the Instruments. 
Any reference in these Terms and Conditions to interest in respect of the Instruments shall be 
deemed to include, as applicable, any additional amounts which may be payable with respect to 
interest under Condition 8 (Taxation) or under any undertakings or covenants given in addition 
thereto or in substitution thereof pursuant to the Trust Deed. 
7. 
Redemption and Purchase 
7.1 
Redemption at maturity: Unless previously redeemed or purchased and cancelled as specified 
below, each Instrument will be redeemed by the Issuer at its outstanding nominal amount in the 
relevant Specified Currency on the Maturity Date. 
7.2 
Redemption for tax reasons: Subject to Condition 7.8 (Early Redemption Amounts), the 
Instruments may be redeemed at the option of the Issuer in whole, but not in part, at any time (if 
this Instrument is not a Floating Rate Instrument) or on any Interest Payment Date (if this 
Instrument is a Floating Rate Instrument), on giving not less than 30 nor more than 60 days' notice 
to the Trustee, the Issue and Paying Agent and, in accordance with Condition 15 (Notices), the 
Holders (which notice shall be irrevocable), if the Issuer satisfies the Trustee immediately prior to 
the giving of such notice that: 
(i) 
on the occasion of the next payment due under the Instruments, the Issuer has or will 
become obliged to pay additional amounts as provided or referred to in Condition 8 
(Taxation) as a result of any change in, or amendment to, the laws or regulations of the 
relevant Tax Jurisdiction (as defined in Condition 8 (Taxation)) or any political 
subdivision of, or any authority in, or of, the relevant Tax Jurisdiction having power to 
tax, or any change in the application or official interpretation of such laws or regulations, 
which change or amendment becomes effective on or after the date on which agreement 
is reached to issue the first Tranche of the Instruments; and 
(ii) 
such obligation cannot be avoided by the Issuer taking reasonable measures available to 
it, 
provided that no such notice of redemption shall be given earlier than 90 days prior to the earliest 
date on which the Issuer would be obliged to pay such additional amounts were a payment in 
respect of the Instruments then due. 
Prior to the publication of any notice of redemption pursuant to this Condition, the Issuer shall 
deliver to the Trustee (1) a certificate signed by two Directors of EDP stating that the Issuer is 
entitled to effect such redemption and setting forth a statement of facts showing that the conditions

--- Page 71 ---
- 69 - 
 
 
precedent to the right of the Issuer so to redeem have occurred and (2) an opinion of independent 
legal advisers of recognised standing to the effect that the Issuer has or will become obliged to pay 
such additional amounts as a result of such change or amendment and the Trustee shall be entitled 
to accept such certificate and opinion as sufficient evidence of the satisfaction of the conditions 
precedent set out above in which event they shall be conclusive and binding on the Holders. 
Instruments redeemed pursuant to this Condition 7.2 will be redeemed at their Early Redemption 
Amount referred to in Condition 7.8 (Early Redemption Amounts) below together (if appropriate) 
with interest accrued to but excluding the date of redemption. 
7.3 
Redemption at the option of the Issuer (Issuer Call): If Issuer Call is specified as being applicable 
in the Final Terms, the Issuer may, having given: 
(i) 
not less than 15 days nor more than 30 days' notice to the Holders in accordance with 
Condition 15 (Notices); and 
(ii) 
not less than 15 days before the giving of the notice referred to in (i), notice to the Issue 
and Paying Agent and the Trustee; 
(which notices shall be irrevocable and shall specify the date fixed for redemption), redeem all or, 
if so provided, some only of the Instruments at any time or from time to time on the relevant 
Optional Redemption Date at, unless otherwise specified in the relevant Final Terms, the Optional 
Redemption Amount together, if appropriate, with any interest accrued on the Instruments to, but 
excluding, the Optional Redemption Date. Any such redemption must be of a nominal amount not 
less than the Minimum Redemption Amount and not more than the Maximum Redemption 
Amount, in each case as may be specified in the Final Terms. 
The Optional Redemption Amount will either be the specified percentage of the nominal amount 
of the Instruments stated in the Final Terms or, if Make-Whole Redemption Amount is specified 
in the Final Terms, will be calculated by the Determination Agent and will be the greater of (x) 
100 per cent. of the principal amount of the Instruments so redeemed and (y) the sum of the then 
present values of each remaining scheduled payments of principal and interest on such Instruments 
to maturity or, if Residual Call Period is specified as applicable in the Final Terms, to the Residual 
Call Commencement Date (not including any interest accrued on the Instruments to, but excluding, 
the relevant Optional Redemption Date) discounted to the relevant Optional Redemption Date on 
an annual basis at the Make-Whole Redemption Rate plus the Make-Whole Redemption Margin, 
if any, specified in the Final Terms. 
All Instruments in respect of which any such notice of redemption is given shall be redeemed on 
the date specified in such notice in accordance with this Condition. 
For the purposes of this Condition 7.3: 
"Determination Agent" means an independent adviser, investment bank or financial institution 
of recognised standing selected by the Issuer; 
"Make-Whole Redemption Rate" means, with respect to any date of redemption, the rate per 
annum equal to the annual or semi-annual yield (as the case may be) to maturity or interpolated 
yield to maturity (on the relevant day count basis) of the Reference Bond, assuming a price for the 
Reference Bond (expressed as a percentage of its nominal amount) equal to the Reference Bond 
Price for such date of redemption; 
"Reference Bond" shall be as set out in the Final Terms or, if no such bond is set out in the Final 
Terms or if such bond is no longer outstanding, shall be the Selected Reference Bond; 
"Reference Bond Price" means, with respect to any date of redemption, (A) the arithmetic 
average of the Reference Government Bond Dealer Quotations for such date of redemption, after 
excluding the highest and lowest such Reference Government Bond Dealer Quotations, or (B) if 
the Determination Agent obtains fewer than four such Reference Government Bond Dealer 
Quotations, the arithmetic average of all such quotations; 
"Reference Date" will be set out in the relevant notice of redemption;

--- Page 72 ---
- 70 - 
 
 
"Reference Government Bond Dealer" means each of five banks selected by the Issuer (or the 
Determination Agent, acting at its request), or their affiliates, which are (A) primary government 
securities dealers, and their respective successors, or (B) market makers in pricing corporate bond 
issues; 
"Reference Government Bond Dealer Quotations" mean, with respect to each Reference 
Government Bond Dealer and any date for redemption, the arithmetic average, as determined by 
the Determination Agent, of the bid and offered prices for the Reference Bond (expressed in each 
case as a percentage of its nominal amount) at the Quotation Time specified in the Final Terms on 
the Reference Date quoted in writing to the Determination Agent by such Reference Government 
Bond Dealer; 
"Residual Call Commencement Date" shall be the date set out in the Final Terms; 
"Residual Call Period" has the meaning set out in the Final Terms; and 
"Selected Reference Bond" means a government security or securities selected by the 
Determination Agent as having an actual or interpolated maturity comparable to either the 
remaining term of the Instruments or, if Residual Call Period is specified as applicable in the Final 
Terms, the Residual Call Commencement Date of the Instruments, that would be utilised, at the 
time of selection and in accordance with customary financial practice, in pricing new issues of 
corporate debt securities denominated in the same currency as the Instruments and of a comparable 
maturity to either the remaining term of the Instruments or, if Residual Call Period is specified in 
the Final Terms, the Residual Call Commencement Date of the Instruments. 
7.4 
Redemption at the option of the Issuer (Clean-up Call): If Clean-up Call is specified as being 
applicable in the Final Terms, in the event that Instruments representing an aggregate amount 
equal to or exceeding the Minimum Percentage (as specified in the Final Terms, being a percentage 
of the initial aggregate principal amount of that particular Series of Instruments (including any 
Instruments which have been consolidated and form a single Series therewith)) have been 
purchased by EDP or any subsidiary of EDP and cancelled or redeemed by the Issuer, the Issuer 
may, having given: 
(i) 
not less than 15 days nor more than 30 days' notice to the Holders in accordance with 
Condition 15 (Notices); and 
(ii) 
not less than 15 days before the giving of the notice referred to in (i), notice to the Issue 
and Paying Agent and the Trustee; 
(which notices shall be irrevocable and shall specify the date fixed for redemption), redeem the 
Instruments then outstanding in whole (but not in part) on any Optional Redemption Date and at 
the Optional Redemption Amount(s) specified in the Final Terms together, if appropriate, with 
interest accrued to but excluding the relevant Optional Redemption Date. 
All Instruments in respect of which any such notice of redemption is given shall be redeemed on 
the date specified in such notice in accordance with this Condition. 
7.5 
Partial Redemption: In the case of a partial redemption of Instruments (other than Book Entry 
Instruments), the Instruments to be redeemed ("Redeemed Instruments") will be selected 
individually by lot not more than 30 days prior to the date fixed for redemption (such date of 
selection being hereinafter called the "Selection Date") in accordance with the rules of Euroclear 
and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg (to be reflected in the records of Euroclear and/or Clearstream, 
Luxembourg as either a pool factor or a reduction in nominal amount, at their discretion). A list of 
the serial numbers of such Redeemed Instruments will be published in accordance with Condition 
15 (Notices) not less than 15 days prior to the date fixed for redemption. Partial redemption of 
Book Entry Instruments shall be made in accordance with the applicable Interbolsa rules. 
7.6 
Redemption at the option of the Holders (Investor Put): If Investor Put is specified as being 
applicable in the Final Terms, upon the holder of any Instrument giving to the Issuer in accordance 
with Condition 15 (Notices) not less than 15 nor more than 30 days' notice (which notice shall be 
irrevocable) the Issuer will, upon the expiry of such notice, redeem, in whole (but not in part), such

--- Page 73 ---
- 71 - 
 
 
Instrument on the Optional Redemption Date and at the Optional Redemption Amount together, if 
appropriate, with interest accrued to but excluding the relevant Optional Redemption Date. 
To exercise the right to require redemption of this Instrument the holder of this Instrument must 
deliver (1) (in the case of Instruments in definitive form) to the specified office of any Paying 
Agent at any time during normal business hours of such Paying Agent falling within the notice 
period a duly completed and signed notice of exercise in the form (for the time being current) 
obtainable from any specified office of any Paying Agent or (2) (in all other cases) a notice to the 
Paying Agent or Transfer Agent or Registrar (as the case may be) in accordance with the standard 
procedures of Clearstream, Luxembourg, Euroclear Bank and/or Interbolsa or any common 
depositary or custodian for them stating the principal amount of the Instruments in respect of which 
such option is exercised (a "Put Notice") in which the holder must specify a bank account to which 
payment is to be made under this Condition together in the case of Bearer Instruments with the 
Instruments. No deposit of Instruments will be required in respect of Book Entry Instruments. 
7.7 
Redemption at option of Holders on Change of Control (Investor Put on Change of Control): If 
Investor Put on Change of Control is specified as being applicable in the Final Terms and at any 
time while any Instruments remain outstanding there occurs a Change of Control and within the 
Change of Control Period a Rating Downgrade as a result of that Change of Control occurs 
(together, a "Put Event"), each Holder will have the option (unless, prior to the giving of the Put 
Event Notice referred to below, the Issuer gives notice to redeem the Instruments in accordance 
with Condition 7.2 (Redemption for tax reasons)), Condition 7.3 (Redemption at the option of the 
Issuer (Issuer Call)) or Condition 7.4 (Redemption at the option of the Issuer (Clean-up Call)), to 
require the Issuer to redeem each of the Instruments held by such Holder on the Mandatory 
Redemption Date at its principal amount together with interest accrued to but excluding the 
Mandatory Redemption Date, such option being referred to as an "Investor Put on Change of 
Control". 
Upon EDP becoming aware that a Put Event has occurred, EDP shall promptly notify the Issuer of 
such fact (where the Issuer is EDP B.V.) and the Issuer shall give notice (a "Put Event Notice") 
to the Holders in accordance with Condition 15 (Notices) specifying the nature of the Put Event 
and the circumstances giving rise to it and the procedure for exercising the option set out in this 
Condition 7.7. 
To exercise the option to require redemption of an Instrument under this Condition 7.7 the holder 
of this Instrument must, if this Instrument is in definitive form and held outside Euroclear Bank 
and Clearstream, Luxembourg, deliver such Instrument, on any business day in the city of the 
specified office of the relevant Paying Agent falling within the Put Period, at the specified office 
of any Paying Agent, accompanied by a duly signed and completed notice of exercise in the form 
(for the time being current) obtainable from the specified office of any Paying Agent (a "Put 
Option Notice") and in which the holder must specify a bank account to which payment is to be 
made under this Condition 7.7. The Instrument should be delivered together with all Coupons 
appertaining thereto maturing after the Mandatory Redemption Date failing which an amount will 
be deducted from the payment to be made by the Issuer on redemption of the Instruments 
corresponding to the aggregate amount payable in respect of such missing Coupons. 
If the Instruments are represented by a Global Instrument or are in definitive form and held through 
Euroclear Bank or Clearstream, Luxembourg, to exercise the right to require redemption of an 
Instrument under this Condition 7.7 the holder of the Instrument must, within the Put Period, give 
notice to the Paying Agent of such exercise in accordance with the standard procedures of 
Euroclear Bank and Clearstream, Luxembourg (which may include notice being given on his 
instruction by Euroclear Bank or Clearstream, Luxembourg or any common depositary for them 
to the Paying Agent by electronic means) in a form acceptable to Euroclear Bank and Clearstream, 
Luxembourg from time to time and, if this Instrument is represented by a Global Instrument, at the 
same time present or procure the presentation of the relevant Global Instrument to the Paying Agent 
for notation accordingly. 
The Paying Agent to which such Instrument and Put Option Notice are delivered will issue to the 
holder concerned a non-transferable receipt (a "Put Option Receipt") in respect of the Instrument 
so delivered. The Issuer shall redeem the Instruments in respect of which Put Option Receipts have 
been issued on the Mandatory Redemption Date, unless previously redeemed and purchased.

--- Page 74 ---
- 72 - 
 
 
Payment in respect of any Put Option Receipt will be made on the Mandatory Redemption Date 
by transfer to the bank account (if any) specified in the Put Option Notice and in every other case 
on or after the Mandatory Redemption Date, in each case against presentation and surrender or (as 
the case may be) endorsement of such Put Option Receipt at the specified office of any Paying 
Agent in accordance with the provisions of this Condition 7.7. 
For the purposes of this Condition: 
A "Change of Control" shall be deemed to have occurred at each time (whether or not approved 
by the Management Board or Supervisory Board of EDP) that any person (or persons) ("Relevant 
Person(s)") acting in concert or any person or persons acting on behalf of any such Relevant 
Person(s), at any time directly or indirectly: 
(i) 
acquires or becomes entitled to exercise control over EDP; or 
(ii) 
acquires or owns, directly or indirectly more than 50 per cent. of the issued voting share 
capital of EDP, 
provided that the foregoing shall not include the control, or ownership of issued voting share 
capital, exercisable by and/or owned by the Portuguese Republic, or by the Portuguese Republic 
and/or by any entity or entities (together or individually) controlled by the Portuguese Republic 
from time to time, or in respect of which the Portuguese Republic owns directly or indirectly more 
than 50 per cent. of the issued voting share capital. 
A Change of Control shall not be deemed to have occurred if the shareholders of the Relevant 
Person(s) are also, or immediately prior to the event which would otherwise constitute a Change 
of Control were, all of the shareholders of EDP. 
"Change of Control Period" means the period ending 120 days after the Date of Announcement. 
"Date of Announcement" means the date of the public announcement that a Change of Control 
has occurred. 
"Investment Grade Rating" means a rating of at least BBB- (or equivalent thereof) in the case of 
S&P or a rating of at least BBB- (or equivalent thereof) in the case of Fitch or a rating of at least 
Baa3 (or equivalent thereof) in the case of Moody's or the equivalent in the case of any other Rating 
Agency. 
"Investment Grade Securities" means Rated Securities which have an Investment Grade Rating 
from each Rating Agency that assigns a rating to such Rated Securities. 
"Mandatory Redemption Date" is the seventh day after the last day of the Put Period. 
"Put Period" means the period of 45 days from and including the date on which a Put Event Notice 
is given. 
"Rated Securities" means: 
(i) 
the Instruments; or 
(ii) 
such other comparable long-term debt of the Issuer or EDP selected by the Issuer from 
time to time for the purpose of this definition which possesses a rating by any Rating 
Agency. 
"Rating Agency" means S&P Global Ratings Europe Limited (French Branch) ("S&P"), Fitch 
Ratings Limited ("Fitch") and Moody's Investors Services Limited ("Moody's") or any of their 
respective successors or any other rating agency of equivalent international standing specified from 
time to time by EDP.

--- Page 75 ---
- 73 - 
 
 
"Rating Downgrade" means either: 
(i) 
within the Change of Control Period: 
(a) 
any rating assigned to the Rated Securities is withdrawn; or 
(b) 
the Rated Securities cease to be Investment Grade Securities; or 
(c) 
(if the rating assigned to the Rated Securities by any Rating Agency which is 
current at the Date of Announcement is below an Investment Grade Rating) that 
rating is lowered one full rating notch by any Rating Agency (for example from 
BB+ to BB by S&P or Fitch and Ba1 to Ba2 by Moody's or such similar lower of 
equivalent rating), 
provided that no Rating Downgrade shall occur by virtue of a particular withdrawal of 
or reduction in rating unless the Rating Agency withdrawing or making the reduction in 
the rating announces or confirms that the withdrawal or reduction was the result, in whole 
or in part, of the relevant Change of Control; or 
(ii) 
if at the time of the Date of Announcement, there are no Rated Securities and either: 
(a) 
EDP does not use all reasonable endeavours to obtain, within 45 days of the Date 
of Announcement, from a Rating Agency a rating for the Rated Securities; or 
(b) 
if EDP does use such endeavours, but, as a result of such Change of Control, at 
the expiry of the Change of Control Period there are still no Investment Grade 
Securities and the Rating Agency announces or confirms in writing that its 
declining to assign an Investment Grade Rating was the result, in whole or in part, 
of the relevant Change of Control. 
7.8 
Early Redemption Amounts: For the purpose of Condition 7.2 (Redemption for tax reasons) above 
and Condition 10 (Event of Default), each Instrument will be redeemed at the Early Redemption 
Amount calculated as follows: 
(i) 
at the amount specified in the Final Terms or, if no such amount is so specified in the Final 
Terms, at its nominal amount; or 
(ii) 
in the case of a Zero Coupon Instrument, at an amount (the "Amortised Face Amount") 
equal to the sum of the Reference Price and the product of the Accrual Yield (compounded 
annually) being applied to the Reference Price from and including the Issue Date of the 
first Tranche of the Instruments to but excluding the date fixed for redemption or (as the 
case may be) the date upon which such Instrument becomes due and repayable. 
Where such calculation is to be made for a period which is not a whole number of years, it shall be 
made on the basis of the Day Count Fraction specified in the Final Terms which will be either (1) 
30/360 (in which case the numerator will be equal to the number of days (calculated on the basis 
of a 360-day year consisting of 12 months of 30 days each) from (and including) the Issue Date of 
the first Tranche of the Instruments to (but excluding) the date fixed for redemption or (as the case 
may be) the date upon which such Instrument becomes due and repayable and the denominator 
will be 360) or (2) Actual/360 (in which case the numerator will be equal to the actual number of 
days from (and including) the Issue Date of the first Tranche of the Instruments to (but excluding) 
the date fixed for redemption or (as the case may be) the date upon which such Instrument becomes 
due and repayable and the denominator will be 360) or (3) Actual/365 (in which case the numerator 
will be equal to the actual number of days from (and including) the Issue Date of the first Tranche 
of the Instruments to (but excluding) the date fixed for redemption or (as the case may be) the date 
upon which such Instrument becomes due and repayable and the denominator will be 365). 
7.9 
Instalments: Instalment Instruments will be redeemed in the Instalment Amounts and on the 
Instalment Dates. In the case of early redemption, unless the Optional Redemption Amount is 
specified in the Final Terms, the Early Redemption Amount will be determined pursuant to 
Condition 7.8 (Early Redemption Amounts).

--- Page 76 ---
- 74 - 
 
 
7.10 
Purchases: EDP, EDP B.V. or any subsidiary of EDP may at any time purchase Instruments 
(provided that, in the case of Bearer Instruments, all unmatured Receipts, Coupons and Talons 
appertaining thereto are purchased therewith) at any price in the open market or otherwise. Such 
Instruments may be held, reissued, resold or, at the option of EDP, EDP B.V. or the relevant 
subsidiary of EDP, surrendered to any Paying Agent for cancellation. 
7.11 
Cancellation: All Instruments which are redeemed will forthwith be cancelled (together with all 
unmatured Receipts, Coupons and Talons attached thereto or surrendered therewith at the time of 
redemption (or in accordance with Interbolsa regulations in the case of Book Entry Instruments)). 
All Instruments so cancelled and Instruments purchased and cancelled pursuant to Condition 7.10 
(Purchases) above (together with all unmatured Receipts, Coupons and Talons cancelled therewith) 
shall be forwarded to the Issue and Paying Agent (save in the case of Book Entry Instruments) and 
cannot be reissued or resold. 
7.12 
Late payment on Zero Coupon Instruments: If the amount payable in respect of any Zero Coupon 
Instrument upon redemption of such Zero Coupon Instrument pursuant to Condition 7.1 
(Redemption at maturity), 7.2 (Redemption for tax reasons), 7.3 (Redemption at the option of the 
Issuer (Issuer Call)), 7.4 (Redemption at the option of the Issuer (Clean-up Call)), 7.5 (Partial 
Redemption), 7.6 (Redemption at the option of the Holders (Investor Put)) or 7.7 (Redemption at 
option of Holders on Change of Control (Investor Put on Change of Control)) above or upon its 
becoming due and repayable as provided in Condition 10 (Events of Default) is improperly 
withheld or refused, the amount due and repayable in respect of such Zero Coupon Instrument shall 
be the amount calculated as provided in Condition 7.8(ii) as though the references therein to the 
date fixed for the redemption or the date upon which such Zero Coupon Instrument becomes due 
and payable were replaced by references to the date which is the earlier of: 
(i) 
the date on which all amounts due in respect of such Zero Coupon Instrument have been 
paid; and 
(ii) 
five days after the date on which the full amount of the moneys payable in respect of such 
Zero Coupon Instrument has been received by the Issue and Paying Agent or the Trustee 
and notice to that effect has been given to the Holders in accordance with Condition 15 
(Notices). 
8. 
Taxation 
All payments of principal and interest in respect of the Instruments, Receipts and Coupons by or 
on behalf of the Issuer will be made without withholding or deduction for or on account of any 
present or future taxes or duties of whatever nature imposed or levied by or on behalf of the relevant 
Tax Jurisdiction unless such withholding or deduction is required by law. In such event, the Issuer 
will pay such additional amounts as shall be necessary in order that the net amounts received by 
the holders of the Instruments, Receipts or Coupons after such withholding or deduction shall equal 
the respective amounts of principal and interest which would otherwise have been receivable in 
respect of the Instruments, Receipts or Coupons, as the case may be, in the absence of such 
withholding or deduction; except that no such additional amounts shall be payable with respect to 
any Instrument, Receipt or Coupon: 
(i) 
presented for payment by or on behalf of a Beneficial Owner who is liable for such taxes 
or duties in respect of such Instrument, Receipt or Coupon by reason of his having some 
connection with the relevant Tax Jurisdiction other than the mere holding of such 
Instrument, Receipt or Coupon; 
(ii) 
presented for payment in the case of a Bearer Instrument, in the relevant Tax Jurisdiction; 
(iii) 
presented for payment in the case of a Bearer Instrument more than 30 days after the 
Relevant Date (as defined below) except to the extent that the holder thereof would have 
been entitled to an additional amount on presenting the same for payment on such thirtieth 
day assuming that day to have been a Payment Day (as defined in Condition 6 
(Payments));

--- Page 77 ---
- 75 - 
 
 
(iv) 
where such withholding or deduction is required to be made pursuant to the Dutch 
Withholding Tax Act 2021 (Wet bronbelasting 2021) or any re-enactment thereof; 
(v) 
presented for payment by or on behalf of a Beneficial Owner who would have been able 
to avoid such withholding or deduction by presenting the relevant Instrument, Receipt or 
Coupon to another Paying Agent in a Member State of the European Union; 
(vi) 
presented for payment by or on behalf of a Beneficial Owner of Instruments, Receipts or 
Coupons who would not be liable for or subject to the withholding or deduction by making 
a declaration of non-residence or other similar claim for exemption to the relevant tax 
authority; 
(vii) 
where the Issuer is EDP, presented for payment by or on behalf of a Beneficial Owner of 
Instruments, Receipts or Coupons particularly in respect of whom the information required 
in order to comply with the special tax regime approved by Decree-Law no. 193/2005 of 
7 November ("Decree-Law no. 193/2005"), and any implementing legislation, is not 
received prior to the Relevant Date; 
(viii) 
where the Issuer is EDP, presented for payment by or on behalf of a Beneficial Owner of 
Instruments, Receipts or Coupons resident for tax purposes in the Tax Jurisdiction, or a 
resident in a country, territory or region subject to clearly a more favourable tax regime 
included in the list approved by Order no. 150/2004, of 13 February 2004 (Portaria do 
Ministro das Finanças e da Administração Pública no. 150/2004) as amended from time 
to time, issued by the Portuguese Minister of Finance and Public Administration, with the 
exception of (a) central banks and governmental agencies as well as international 
institutions recognised by the Tax Jurisdiction of those tax haven jurisdictions and (b) tax 
haven jurisdictions which have a double taxation treaty in force or a tax information 
exchange agreement in force with Portugal, provided that all procedures and all 
information required under Decree-Law no. 193/2005 regarding (a) and (b) above are 
complied with; 
(ix) 
where the Issuer is EDP, presented for payment by or on behalf of (1) a Portuguese resident 
legal entity subject to Portuguese corporation tax (with the exception of entities that 
benefit from a Portuguese withholding tax waiver or from Portuguese income tax 
exemptions), or (2) a non-resident legal person with a permanent establishment in Portugal 
to which the income or gains obtained from the Instruments, Receipts or Coupons are 
attributable (with the exception of entities which benefit from a Portuguese withholding 
tax waiver); 
(x) 
where the Issuer is EDP, presented for payment by or on behalf of, a Holder (i) in respect 
to whom the information and documentation required by Portuguese law in order to 
comply with any applicable tax treaty is not received by the Issuer or by the Portuguese 
Paying Agent directly from the Holders before the date by which such documentation is 
to be provided to the Issuer under Portuguese law, and (ii) who is resident in one of the 
contracting states; or 
(xi) 
where such deduction or withholding is required pursuant to the rules of U.S. Internal 
Revenue Code Sections 1471 through 1474 (or any amended or successor provisions) and 
any intergovernmental agreement or implementing legislation adopted by another 
jurisdiction or any agreement with the U.S. Internal Revenue Service in connection with 
these provisions. 
As used in these Terms and Conditions: 
(i) 
"Tax Jurisdiction" means in the case of EDP, the Portuguese Republic or any political 
subdivision or any authority thereof or therein having power to tax and, in the case of EDP 
B.V., the Netherlands or any political subdivision or any authority thereof or therein 
having power to tax or in either case any other jurisdiction or any political subdivision or 
any authority thereof or therein having power to tax in which EDP or, as the case may be, 
EDP B.V. becomes tax resident;

--- Page 78 ---
- 76 - 
 
 
(ii) 
the "Relevant Date" means the date on which such payment first becomes due, except 
that, if the full amount of the moneys payable has not been duly received by the Issue and 
Paying Agent or the Trustee on or prior to such due date, it means the date on which, the 
full amount of such moneys having been so received, notice to that effect is duly given to 
the Holders in accordance with Condition 15 (Notices); and 
(iii) 
"Beneficial Owner" means the holder of the Instruments who is the effective beneficiary 
of the income attributable thereto. 
9. 
Prescription 
The Instruments (whether in bearer or registered form), Receipts and Coupons will become void 
unless claims in respect of principal and/or interest are made within a period of ten years (in the 
case of principal) and five years (in the case of interest) after the Relevant Date (as defined in 
Condition 8 (Taxation)) therefor. 
There shall not be included in any Coupon sheet issued on exchange of a Talon any Coupon the 
claim for payment in respect of which would be void pursuant to this Condition or Condition 6 
(Payments) or any Talon which would be void pursuant to Condition 6 (Payments). 
10. 
Events of Default 
If any one or more of the following events (each an "Event of Default") shall occur and is 
continuing: 
(i) 
the Issuer fails to pay any amount of principal or interest due in respect of the Instruments 
or any of them and the default continues for a period of seven days in the case of principal 
and 14 days in the case of interest; or 
(ii) 
the Issuer fails to perform or observe any of its other obligations under the Trust Deed or 
these Terms and Conditions or, if the Issuer is EDP B.V., EDP fails to perform or observe 
any of its obligations under the Trust Deed or these Terms and Conditions or (in the case 
of Book Entry Instruments) the Interbolsa Instrument and, save for in the case of Book 
Entry Instruments (A) such failure is, in the opinion of the Trustee, incapable of remedy 
or in respect of which, in the opinion of the Trustee, remedial action satisfactory to the 
Trustee cannot be taken or (B) such failure is, in the opinion of the Trustee capable of 
remedy or in respect of which, in the opinion of the Trustee, such remedial action can be 
taken and the failure continues for the period of 30 days (or such longer period as the 
Trustee may permit) after the Trustee has given written notice to the Issuer requiring the 
same to be remedied; or 
(iii) 
any other Indebtedness of EDP B.V. (if EDP B.V. is the Issuer) or EDP or any 
Indebtedness of any Material Subsidiary becomes due and payable prior to the stated 
maturity thereof as a result of a default thereunder or any such Indebtedness is not paid at 
the maturity thereof or any guarantee or indemnity in respect of Indebtedness or 
performance given by any such company is not honoured when due and called upon or 
any security interest, present or future, over the assets of any such company becomes 
enforceable provided that no such event in relation to such Indebtedness or any guarantee 
or indemnity in respect of such Indebtedness shall constitute an Event of Default unless 
the relative Indebtedness either alone or when aggregated with other Indebtedness relative 
to all (if any) other such events which shall have occurred shall amount to at least 
€50,000,000 (or its equivalent in any other currency) and provided further that, for the 
purposes of this Condition 10(iii), neither EDP B.V. nor EDP nor any Material Subsidiary 
shall be deemed to be in default with respect to such Indebtedness, guarantee or security 
interest until expiration of the applicable grace or remedy period, if any, or if the Trustee 
is satisfied that it shall be contesting in good faith by appropriate means its liability to 
make payment thereunder; or 
(iv) 
any steps are taken with a view to the liquidation or dissolution of EDP B.V. (if EDP B.V. 
is the Issuer), EDP or any Material Subsidiary, or EDP B.V. (if EDP B.V. is the Issuer), 
EDP or any Material Subsidiary becomes insolvent or admits in writing its inability to pay

--- Page 79 ---
- 77 - 
 
 
its debts as and when the same fall due, or a receiver, liquidator or similar officer shall be 
appointed over all or any part of EDP B.V.'s (if EDP B.V. is the Issuer), EDP's or any 
Material Subsidiary's assets or an application shall be made for a moratorium or an 
arrangement with creditors of EDP B.V. (if EDP B.V. is the Issuer), EDP or any Material 
Subsidiary or proceedings shall be commenced in relation to EDP B.V. (if EDP B.V. is 
the Issuer), EDP or any Material Subsidiary under any legal reconstruction, readjustment 
of debts, dissolution or liquidation law or regulation, or a distress shall be levied or sued 
out upon all or any part of EDP B.V.'s (if EDP B.V. is the Issuer), EDP's or any Material 
Subsidiary's assets and shall remain undischarged for (60) days, or anything analogous to 
the foregoing shall occur under the laws of any applicable jurisdiction provided that, save 
in the case of Book Entry Instruments, no such event shall constitute an Event of Default 
if the Trustee is satisfied that it is being contested in good faith by appropriate means by 
EDP B.V. (if EDP B.V. is the Issuer), EDP or the relevant Material Subsidiary, as the case 
may be, and EDP or such Material Subsidiary or EDP B.V., as the case may be, has been 
advised by recognised independent legal advisers of good repute that it is reasonable to do 
so; or 
(v) 
save for the purposes of reorganisation on terms previously approved by an Extraordinary 
Resolution of the Holders, either (A) EDP or any Material Subsidiary, or (B) EDP, EDP 
B.V. (if EDP B.V. is the Issuer) and each of their Material Subsidiaries taken as a whole, 
cease(s) or threaten(s) to cease to carry on the whole or a major part of the business 
conducted by the Group as a whole at the date on which agreement is reached to issue the 
first Tranche of the Instruments; or 
(vi) 
any authorisation, approval, consent, licence, decree, registration, publication, notarisation 
or other requirement of any governmental or public body or authority necessary to enable 
or permit EDP B.V. or EDP to comply with its obligations under the Instruments, the Trust 
Deed or the Keep Well Agreement or, if required for the validity or enforceability of any 
such obligations, is revoked, withdrawn or withheld or otherwise fails to remain in full 
force and effect or any law, decree or directive of any competent authority of or in the 
Netherlands or Portugal is enacted or issued which materially impairs the ability or right 
of EDP B.V. or EDP to perform such obligations; or 
(vii) 
EDP shall cease to own directly or indirectly more than 50 per cent. of the issued share 
capital or voting rights attached thereto or similar right of ownership in any Material 
Subsidiary or 100 per cent. of the issued share capital or voting rights attached thereto or 
similar right of ownership in EDP B.V. (if EDP B.V. is the Issuer) or EDP shall cease to 
have direct or indirect control of any Material Subsidiary or EDP B.V.; or 
(viii) 
the Keep Well Agreement is terminated or any provision of the Keep Well Agreement is 
amended or waived in circumstances where such amendment or waiver would have, in the 
opinion of the Trustee, an adverse effect on the interests of the Holders or is not enforced 
in a timely manner by EDP B.V. or is breached by EDP provided that in the case of such 
non-enforcement or breach this has, in the opinion of the Trustee, an adverse effect on the 
interests of the Holders; then 
(a) 
in respect of Instruments other than Book Entry Instruments, the Trustee at its 
discretion may, and if so requested in writing by the Holders of at least one-
quarter in nominal amount of the Instruments then outstanding or if so directed 
by an Extraordinary Resolution of the Holders of the Instruments shall (subject in 
each case to being indemnified to its satisfaction), given written notice to the 
Issuer that the Instruments are, and they shall accordingly thereupon immediately 
become, due and repayable at the Early Redemption Amount (as described in 
Condition 7.8 (Early Redemption Amounts), together with accrued interest (if 
any) as provided in the Trust Deed provided that, in the case of any Event of 
Default other than those described in paragraphs (i) (vi) and (vii) above, the 
Trustee shall have certified to the Issuer that, in its opinion, such Event of Default 
is materially prejudicial to the interests of the Holders; and 
(b) 
in respect of Book Entry Instruments, any Book Entry Instrumentholder may give 
notice to the Issuer and to the Portuguese Paying Agent at their respective

--- Page 80 ---
- 78 - 
 
 
specified offices, effective upon the date of receipt thereof by the Portuguese 
Paying Agent, that the Book Entry Instruments held by such Book Entry 
Instrumentholders are, and they shall accordingly thereby forthwith become, 
immediately due and repayable at their Early Redemption Amount (as described 
in Condition 7.8 (Early Redemption Amounts) together with accrued interest (as 
provided in the Interbolsa Instrument)). 
In these Terms and Conditions: 
"Group" means EDP and its Subsidiaries; 
"Indebtedness" means, with respect to any person, any indebtedness or obligation (whether 
present or future, actual or contingent) created, issued, guaranteed, incurred or assumed by such 
person for money borrowed or raised; 
"Material Subsidiary" means a Subsidiary: 
(a) 
whose operations include the generation and/or distribution of electricity in Portugal; and 
(b) 
(i) 
at any time whose total assets, as calculated from the then latest annual financial 
statements, audited if prepared, of that Subsidiary (consolidated in the case of a 
Subsidiary which itself has subsidiaries) represent not less than 5 per cent. of the 
total assets of the Group (as shown in the latest audited consolidated accounts of 
the Group); or 
(ii) 
at any time whose revenues, as calculated from the then latest annual financial 
statements, audited if prepared, of that Subsidiary (consolidated in the case of a 
Subsidiary which itself has subsidiaries) represent not less than 5 per cent. of the 
consolidated revenues of the Group (as shown in the latest audited consolidated 
accounts of the Group). 
A report by the directors of EDP that in their opinion, a Subsidiary is or is not, was or was not at 
any particular time a Material Subsidiary shall, in the absence of manifest error, be conclusive and 
binding on all parties. Such report may, if requested, be accompanied by a report from the Auditors 
(as defined in the Trust Deed) addressed to the directors of EDP as to the proper extraction of 
figures used by the directors of EDP in determining a Material Subsidiary and as to the 
mathematical accuracy of the calculations; and 
"Subsidiary" means an entity from time to time of which EDP (a) has the right to appoint the 
majority of the members of the board of directors or similar board or (b) owns directly or indirectly 
more than 50 per cent. of the share capital or similar right of ownership. 
11. 
Enforcement 
In the case of Instruments other than Book Entry Instruments, the Trustee may, at its discretion 
and without further notice, take such proceedings against the Issuer as it may think fit to enforce 
the obligations of the Issuer under the Trust Deed and the Instruments and any related Receipts or 
Coupons or the obligations of EDP under the Keep Well Agreement, but it shall not be bound to 
take any such proceedings or any other action unless (a) it shall have been so directed by an 
Extraordinary Resolution of the Holders or so requested in writing by the Holders of at least one-
quarter in nominal amount of the Instruments outstanding and (b) it shall have been indemnified 
to its satisfaction. In the case of Book Entry Instruments, the Trustee may at any time, at its 
discretion and without notice, take such proceedings and/or other action as it may think fit against 
or in relation to the Issuer to enforce the obligations of the Issuer in respect of the covenants granted 
to the Trustee by the Issuer under the Conditions or the Trust Deed, however the Trustee shall in 
no circumstances be bound to do so. No Holder, save for a Book Entry Instrumentholder, shall be 
entitled to proceed directly against the Issuer or to take proceedings to enforce the Keep Well 
Agreement unless the Trustee, having become bound so to do, fails or unable to do so within 60 
days and such failure or inability is continuing, provided that in the case of Book Entry 
Instruments, the Trustee may not but the holders thereof may at any time take such proceedings 
against the Issuer as they may think fit to enforce the provisions of the Book Entry Instruments 
and/or the Interbolsa Instrument.

--- Page 81 ---
- 79 - 
 
 
12. 
Replacement of Instruments, Receipts, Coupons and Talons 
Should any Instrument (other than a Book Entry Instrument), Receipt, Coupon or Talon be lost, 
stolen, mutilated, defaced or destroyed, it may be replaced at the specified office of any Paying 
Agent upon payment by the claimant of such costs and expenses as may be incurred in connection 
therewith and on such terms as to evidence and indemnity as the Issuer may reasonably require. 
Mutilated or defaced Instruments, Receipts, Coupons or Talons must be surrendered before 
replacements will be issued. 
13. 
Paying Agents 
The names of the initial Paying Agents and their initial specified offices are set out below. If any 
additional Paying Agents are appointed in connection with any Series, the names of such Paying 
Agents will be specified in Part B of the Final Terms. 
The Issuer is entitled, with the prior written approval of the Trustee, to vary or terminate the 
appointment of any Paying Agent and/or appoint additional or other Paying Agents and/or approve 
any change in the specified office through which any Paying Agent acts, provided that: 
(a) 
there will at all times be an Issue and Paying Agent and, in respect of Registered 
Instruments, a Registrar; 
(b) 
so long as the Instruments are listed, traded and/or quoted by or on any listing authority, 
stock exchange and/or quotation system, there will at all times be a Paying Agent with a 
specified office in such place as may be required by the rules and regulations of the 
relevant listing authority, stock exchange and/or quotation system; 
(c) 
there will at all times be a Paying Agent in jurisdiction within Europe other than the 
relevant Tax Jurisdiction; and 
(d) 
there will at all times be a Paying Agent in Portugal capable of making payment in respect 
of the Book Entry Instruments as contemplated by these terms and conditions of the 
Instruments, the Agency Agreement and applicable Portuguese law and regulation. 
In addition, the Issuer shall forthwith appoint a Paying Agent having a specified office in New 
York City in the circumstances described in Condition 6 (Payments). Any variation, termination, 
appointment or change shall only take effect (other than in the case of insolvency, when it shall be 
of immediate effect) after not less than 30 nor more than 45 days' prior notice thereof shall have 
been given to the Holders in accordance with Condition 15 (Notices). 
In acting under the Agency Agreement, the Paying Agents act solely as agents of the Issuer and, 
in certain limited circumstances, of the Trustee and do not assume any obligation to, or relationship 
of agency or trust with, any Holders. The Agency Agreement contains provisions permitting any 
entity into which any Paying Agent is merged or converted or with which it is consolidated or to 
which it transfers all or substantially all of its assets to become the successor paying agent. 
14. 
Exchange of Talons 
On and after the Interest Payment Date on which the final Coupon comprised in any Coupon sheet 
matures, the Talon (if any) forming part of such Coupon sheet may be surrendered at the specified 
office of any Paying Agent in exchange for a further Coupon sheet including (if such further 
Coupon sheet does not include Coupons to (and including) the final date for the payment of interest 
due in respect of the Instrument to which it appertains) a further Talon, subject to the provisions of 
Condition 9 (Prescription). 
15. 
Notices 
15.1 
Bearer Instruments: All notices regarding Bearer Instruments which are not admitted to trading on 
Euronext Dublin will be deemed to be validly given if published in a leading English language 
daily newspaper of general circulation in London. It is expected that such publication will be made 
in the Financial Times in London and, for so long as the Instruments are admitted to trading on 
Euronext Dublin and the rules of that exchange so require, through the Companies Announcement

--- Page 82 ---
- 80 - 
 
 
Office of Euronext Dublin. Any such notice will be deemed to have been given on the date of the 
first publication. 
15.2 
Notices to Holders of Registered Instruments: Notices to Holders of Registered Instruments will 
be deemed to be validly given if sent by first class mail (or equivalent) or (if posted to an overseas 
address) by air mail to them (or, in the case of joint Holders, to the first-named in the register kept 
by the Registrar) at their respective addresses as recorded in the register kept by the Registrar, and 
will be deemed to have been validly given on the fourth weekday after the date of such mailing or, 
if posted from another country, on the fifth such day. 
15.3 
Book Entry Instruments: The Issuer shall comply with Portuguese law in respect of notices relating 
to Book Entry Instruments. 
15.4 
General: The Issuer shall also ensure that notices are duly published and/or filed in a manner which 
complies with the rules and regulations of any listing authority, stock exchange and/or quotation 
system on which the Instruments are for the time being listed, traded and/or quoted. 
15.5 
Publication not practicable: If publication as provided above is not practicable, notice will be 
given in such other manner, and will be deemed to have been given on such date, as the Trustee 
shall approve. 
15.6 
Notices from Holders: Notices to be given by any Holder shall be in writing and given by lodging 
the same, together with the relative Instrument or Instruments, with the Issue and Paying Agent. 
16. 
Meetings of Holders, Modification, Waiver and Substitution 
The Trust Deed and, in relation to Book Entry Instruments only, the Interbolsa Instrument contain 
provisions for convening meetings of the Holders to consider any matter affecting their interests, 
including the sanctioning by Extraordinary Resolution of a modification of the Instruments, the 
Receipts, the Coupons or any of the provisions of the Trust Deed. Such a meeting may be convened 
by the Issuer or the Trustee and shall be convened by the Issuer if required in writing by Holders 
holding not less than ten per cent. in nominal amount of the Instruments for the time being 
remaining outstanding. The quorum at any such meeting for passing an Extraordinary Resolution 
is one or more persons holding or representing more than 50 per cent. in nominal amount of the 
Instruments for the time being outstanding, or at any adjourned meeting one or more persons being 
or representing Holders whatever the nominal amount of the Instruments so held or represented, 
except that at any meeting the business of which includes the modification of certain provisions of 
the Instruments, the Receipts, the Coupons or the Trust Deed (including modifying the date of 
maturity of the Instruments or any date for payment of interest thereon, reducing or cancelling the 
amount of principal or the rate of interest payable in respect of the Instruments or altering the 
currency of payment of the Instruments, the Receipts or the Coupons), the quorum shall be one or 
more persons holding or representing not less than two-thirds in nominal amount of the Instruments 
for the time being outstanding, or at any adjourned such meeting one or more persons holding or 
representing not less than one-third in nominal amount of the Instruments for the time being 
outstanding. An Extraordinary Resolution passed at any meeting of the Holders shall be binding 
on all the Holders, whether or not they are present at the meeting. 
The Trustee may agree, without the consent of the Holders, to: 
(a) 
any modification of the Instruments, the Receipts, the Coupons or the Trust Deed which 
is not, in the opinion of the Trustee, materially prejudicial to the interests of the Holders; 
or 
(b) 
any modification of the Instruments, the Receipts, the Coupons or the Trust Deed which 
is of a formal, minor or technical nature or is made to correct a manifest error or to comply 
with mandatory provisions of the law. 
The Trustee may also, without any consent as aforesaid, determine that any Event of Default or 
Potential Event of Default (as defined in the Trust Deed) shall not be treated as such which, in any 
such case, is not in the opinion of the Trustee, materially prejudicial to the interests of the Holders.

--- Page 83 ---
- 81 - 
 
 
Any such modification, waiver, authorisation or determination shall be binding on the Holders and, 
unless the Trustee agrees otherwise, any such modification shall be notified to the Holders in 
accordance with Condition 15 (Notices) as soon as practicable thereafter. 
In connection with the exercise by it of any of its trusts, powers, authorities or discretions 
(including, without limitation, any modification, waiver, authorisation, determination or 
substitution), the Trustee shall have regard to the general interests of the Holders as a class but 
shall not have regard to any interests arising from circumstances particular to individual Holders 
(whatever their number) and, in particular, but without limitation, shall not have regard to the 
consequences of such exercise for individual Holders (whatever their number) resulting from their 
being for any purpose domiciled or resident in, or otherwise connected with, or subject to the 
jurisdiction of, any particular territory and the Trustee shall not be entitled to require, nor shall any 
Holder be entitled to claim, from the Issuer any indemnification or payment in respect of any tax 
consequence of any such exercise upon individual Holders except to the extent already provided 
for in Condition 8 (Taxation) and/or any undertakings given in addition thereto or in substitution 
therefor pursuant to the Trust Deed. 
The Trustee may, without the consent of the Holders, agree with the Issuer to the substitution in 
place of the Issuer (or of any previous substitute under this Condition) as the principal debtor under 
the Instruments, the Receipts, the Coupons and the Trust Deed of another company, being a 
Subsidiary of the Issuer, subject to (a) the Instruments being unconditionally and irrevocably 
guaranteed by the Issuer or having the benefit of a Keep Well Agreement by EDP on the same 
basis as that on which they had such benefit immediately prior to the substitution, or the substitute 
Issuer is EDP (b) the Trustee being satisfied that the interests of the Holders will not be materially 
prejudiced by the substitution and (c) certain other conditions set out in the Trust Deed being 
complied with. 
In addition, the Trustee shall be obliged in certain circumstances to concur with the Issuer in using 
its reasonable endeavours to effect any Benchmark Amendments on the basis set out in Condition 
5.4 without the consent or approval of the Holders of the relevant Instruments or Coupons subject 
to the provisions therewith. 
17. 
Further Issues 
The Issuer shall be at liberty from time to time without the consent of the Holders to create and 
issue further Instruments having terms and conditions the same as the Instruments or the same in 
all respects save for the amount and date of the first payment of interest thereon and so that the 
same shall be consolidated and form a single Series with the outstanding Instruments. The Trust 
Deed and, in relation to Book Entry Instruments only, the Interbolsa Instrument contain provisions 
for convening a single meeting of the Holders and the holders of instruments of other series in 
certain circumstances where the Trustee so decides. 
18. 
Indemnification of Trustee 
The Trust Deed contains provisions for the indemnification of the Trustee and for its relief from 
responsibility, including provisions relieving it from any obligation to take proceedings to enforce 
repayment unless indemnified to its satisfaction. The Trustee may enter into business transactions 
with the Issuer or any person or body corporate associated with the Issuer without accounting for 
any profit made or benefit received. 
19. 
Contracts (Rights of Third Parties) Act 1999 
No person shall have any right to enforce any term or condition of this Instrument under the 
Contracts (Rights of Third Parties) Act 1999. 
20. 
Governing Law and Submission to Jurisdiction 
20.1 
Governing law: The Trust Deed, the Interbolsa Instrument, the Agency Agreement, the Keep Well 
Agreement, the Instruments, the Receipts and the Coupons and any non-contractual obligations 
arising out of or in connection with the Trust Deed, the Interbolsa Instrument, the Agency 
Agreement, the Keep Well Agreement, the Instruments, the Receipts and the Coupons are governed 
by, and shall be construed in accordance with, English law save that, with respect to Book Entry

--- Page 84 ---
- 82 - 
 
 
Instruments only, the form (representação formal) and transfer of the Instruments, creation of 
security over the Instruments and the Interbolsa procedures for the exercise of rights under the 
Book Entry Instruments are governed by, and construed in accordance with, Portuguese law. 
20.2 
Submission to jurisdiction: The English courts have exclusive jurisdiction to settle any dispute 
arising out of or in connection with the Trust Deed, the Instruments, the Receipts and/or the 
Coupons, including any dispute as to their existence, validity, interpretation, performance, breach 
or termination or the consequences of their nullity and any dispute relating to any non-contractual 
obligations arising out of or in connection with the Trust Deed, the Instruments, the Receipts and/or 
the Coupons (a Dispute) and accordingly each of the Issuers, the Trustee and any holders of 
Instruments, Receipts or Coupons in relation to any Dispute submits to the exclusive jurisdiction 
of the English courts. 
Each of EDP B.V. and EDP irrevocably and unconditionally waived any objection to the English 
courts on the grounds that they are an inconvenient or inappropriate forum to settle any Dispute. 
To the extent allowed by law, the Trustee, the holders of Instruments, Receipts or Coupons may, 
in respect of any Dispute or Disputes, take: (i) proceedings in any other court with jurisdiction; and 
(ii) concurrent proceedings in any number of jurisdictions. 
20.3 
Appointment of Process Agent: Each of EDP B.V. and EDP has in the Trust Deed appointed Law 
Debenture Corporate Services Limited at its registered office for the time being (being at 6 
September 2019 at Fifth Floor, 100 Wood Street, London EC2V 7EX) as its agent for service of 
process in any proceeding and undertakes that, in the event of Law Debenture Corporate Services 
Limited ceasing so to act, it will appoint another person as its agent for service of process in 
England in respect of any Dispute. Nothing herein shall affect the right to serve proceedings in any 
other manner permitted by law. 
20.4 
Other documents: Each of EDP and EDP B.V. has in the Agency Agreement and the Keep Well 
Agreement submitted to the jurisdiction of the English courts and appointed an agent for service 
of process in terms substantially similar to those set out above.

--- Page 85 ---
- 83 - 
 
 
PROVISIONS RELATING TO THE INSTRUMENTS (OTHER THAN BOOK ENTRY 
INSTRUMENTS) WHILE IN GLOBAL FORM 
Form of Instruments 
(A) 
Relationship of Accountholders with Clearing Systems 
Each of the persons shown in the records of Euroclear Bank, Clearstream, Luxembourg or any 
other clearing system as the holder of an Instrument represented by a Global Instrument (which 
expression includes a Temporary Global Instrument and a Permanent Global Instrument) must look 
solely to Euroclear Bank, Clearstream, Luxembourg or such other clearing system (as the case may 
be) for such person's share of each payment made by the Issuer to the bearer of such Global 
Instrument (or the registered holder of the Global Registered Instrument, as the case may be), and 
in relation to all other rights arising under the Global Instruments, subject to and in accordance 
with the respective rules and procedures of Euroclear Bank, Clearstream, Luxembourg or such 
clearing system (as the case may be). Such persons shall have no claim directly against the Issuer 
in respect of payments due on the Instruments for so long as the Instruments are represented by 
such Global Instrument or Global Registered Instrument and such obligations of the Issuer will be 
discharged by payment to the bearer of such Global Instrument (or the registered holder of the 
Global Registered Instrument, as the case may be), in respect of each amount so paid. References 
in these provisions relating to the Instruments in global form to "holder" or "accountholder" are 
to those persons shown in the records of the relevant clearing system as a holder of an Instrument. 
(B) 
Form and Exchange – Bearer Global Instruments 
(1) 
TEFRA D or TEFRA C: The Final Terms shall specify whether U.S. Treasury Regulation 
§1.163-5(c)(2)(i)(D) (or any successor U.S. Treasury Regulation section including, 
without limitation, regulations issued in accordance with U.S. Internal Revenue Service 
Notice 2012-20 or otherwise in connection with the U.S. Hiring Incentives to Restore 
Employment Act of 2010) (the "TEFRA D Rules") or U.S. Treasury Regulation §1.163-
5(c)(2)(i)(C) (or any successor U.S. Treasury Regulation section including, without 
limitation, regulations issued in accordance with U.S. Internal Revenue Service Notice 
2012-20 or otherwise in connection with the U.S. Hiring Incentives to Restore 
Employment Act of 2010) (the "TEFRA C Rules") shall apply, or specify if TEFRA is 
not applicable. Each Tranche of Bearer Instruments is represented upon issue by a 
temporary global Instrument (a "Temporary Global Instrument"), unless the Final 
Terms specifies otherwise and the TEFRA C Rules apply. 
Where the Final Terms applicable to a Tranche of Bearer Instruments specifies that the 
TEFRA C Rules apply, such Tranche is (unless otherwise specified in the Final Terms) 
represented upon issue by a Permanent Global Instrument. 
The Global Instruments will: 
(i) 
if the Global Instruments are intended to be issued in new global note ("NGN") 
form, as stated in the Final Terms, be delivered on or prior to the original issue 
date of the Tranche to a common safekeeper for Euroclear Bank and Clearstream, 
Luxembourg; and 
(ii) 
if the Global Instruments are not intended to be issued in NGN Form, be delivered 
on or prior to the original issue date of the Tranche to a common depositary for, 
Euroclear Bank and Clearstream, Luxembourg. 
Interests in a Temporary Global Instrument may be exchanged for: 
(i) 
interests in a permanent global Instrument (a "Permanent Global Instrument"); 
or 
(ii) 
if so specified in the Final Terms, definitive Instruments in bearer form 
("Definitive Instruments") and/or (if so specified in the Final Terms) Registered 
Instruments.

--- Page 86 ---
- 84 - 
 
 
Exchanges of interests in a Temporary Global Instrument for Definitive Instruments or, as 
the case may be, a Permanent Global Instrument will be made only on or after the 
Exchange Date (as specified in the Final Terms) and (unless the Final Terms specifies that 
the TEFRA C Rules are applicable to the Instruments) provided certification as to the non-
U.S. beneficial ownership thereof as required by U.S. Treasury Regulations (in 
substantially the form set out in the Trust Deed or in such other form as is customarily 
issued in such circumstances by the relevant clearing system) has been received. An 
exchange for Registered Instruments will be made at any time or from such date as may 
be specified in the Final Terms, in each case, without any requirement for certification. 
(2) 
Limitation on entitlement under a Temporary Global Instrument after Exchange Date: 
Holders of interests in any Temporary Global Instrument shall not (unless, upon due 
presentation of such Temporary Global Instrument for exchange (in whole but not in part 
only) for a Permanent Global Instrument or for delivery of Definitive Instruments and/or 
Registered Instruments, such exchange or delivery is improperly withheld or refused and 
such withholding or refusal is continuing at the relevant payment date) be entitled to 
receive any payment in respect of the Instruments represented by such Temporary Global 
Instrument which falls due on or after the Exchange Date or be entitled to exercise any 
option on a date after the Exchange Date. 
(3) 
Certification of non-U.S. beneficial ownership: Unless the Final Terms specify that the 
TEFRA C Rules are applicable or specify that TEFRA is not applicable to the Instruments 
and subject to paragraph (2) above, if any date on which a payment of interest is due on 
the Instruments of a Tranche occurs while any of the Instruments of that Tranche are 
represented by a Temporary Global Instrument, the related interest payment will be made 
on the Temporary Global Instrument only to the extent that certification as to the non-U.S. 
beneficial ownership thereof as required by U.S. Treasury Regulations (in substantially 
the form set out in the Trust Deed or in such other form as is customarily issued in such 
circumstances by the relevant clearing system) has been received by Euroclear Bank or 
Clearstream, Luxembourg, or any other relevant clearing system which may be specified 
in the Final Terms. Payments of amounts due in respect of a Permanent Global Instrument 
or (subject to paragraph (2) above) a Temporary Global Instrument (if the Final Terms 
specifies that the TEFRA C Rules are applicable or that TEFRA is not applicable to the 
Instruments) will be made through Euroclear Bank or Clearstream, Luxembourg or any 
other relevant clearing system without any requirement for certification. 
(4) 
Exchange for Definitive Instruments: Interests in a Permanent Global Instrument will be 
exchanged (subject to the period allowed for delivery as set out in (i) below), in whole but 
not in part only and at the request of the Holder of such Global Instrument, for Definitive 
Instruments and/or (if so specified in the Final Terms) Registered Instruments (a) if 
Euroclear Bank or Clearstream, Luxembourg or any other relevant clearing system is 
closed for business for a continuous period of 14 days (other than by reason of legal 
holidays) or announces an intention permanently to cease business or have in fact done so 
and, in any such case, no successor clearing system satisfactory to the Trustee is available 
or (b) an Event of Default (as defined in Condition 10 (Events of Default)) occurs or (c) 
on 60 days' notice given at any time at the request of the bearer, if so specified in the Final 
Terms. The circumstances described in (a) and (b) are each herein referred to as an 
"Exchange Event". Whenever a Permanent Global Instrument is to be exchanged for 
Definitive Instruments and/or Registered Instruments, the Issuer shall procure the prompt 
delivery of such Definitive Instruments and/or Registered Instruments, duly authenticated 
and where and to the extent applicable, with Coupons and Talons attached (each as defined 
in Condition 1.2 (Coupons and Talons), in an aggregate nominal amount equal to the 
nominal amount of such Permanent Global Instrument to the Holder of the Permanent 
Global Instrument against its surrender at the specified office of the Issue and Paying 
Agent within 30 days of the Holder requesting such exchange. 
(C) 
Form of Exchange – Global Registered Instruments 
(1) 
Global Registered Instrument: Registered Instruments held in Euroclear Bank and/or 
Clearstream, Luxembourg (or other clearing system) will be represented by a Global 
Registered Instrument which will be deposited with, a common depositary or common

--- Page 87 ---
- 85 - 
 
 
safekeeper if the Registered Instrument is held under the NSS, as the case may be, for 
Euroclear Bank and Clearstream, Luxembourg and registered in the name of a common 
nominee of Euroclear Bank and Clearstream, Luxembourg or in the name of a nominee of 
the common safekeeper if the Registered Instruments are held under the NSS, as specified 
in the Final Terms (or registered in the name of a nominee of, and deposited with, a 
common depositary for such other relevant clearing system). 
(2) 
Exchange: The Global Registered Instrument will become exchangeable in whole, but not 
in part, for individual Registered Instruments if (a) Euroclear Bank or Clearstream, 
Luxembourg is closed for business for a continuous period of 14 days (other than by reason 
of legal holidays) or announces an intention permanently to cease business or have in fact 
done so and, in any such case no successor clearing system satisfactory to the Trustee is 
available, (b) an Event of Default occurs, or (c) on 60 days' notice given at any time at the 
request of the registered Holder, if so specified in the Final Terms. The circumstances 
described in (a) and (b) are each herein referred to as an "Exchange Event". 
Whenever the Global Registered Instrument is to be exchanged for Registered 
Instruments, such Registered Instruments will be issued in an aggregate nominal amount 
equal to the nominal amount of the Global Registered Instrument within five business days 
of the delivery, by or on behalf of the registered Holder of the Global Registered 
Instrument, Euroclear Bank and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg, to the Registrar or the 
Transfer Agent (as the case may be) of such information as is required to complete and 
deliver such Registered Instruments (including, without limitation, the names and 
addresses of the persons in whose names the Registered Instruments are to be registered 
and the nominal amount of each such person's holding) against the surrender of the Global 
Registered Instrument at the specified office of the Registrar or the Transfer Agent (as the 
case may be). Such exchange will be effected in accordance with the provisions of the 
Agency Agreement and the regulations concerning the transfer and registration of 
Instruments scheduled thereto and, in particular, shall be effected without charge to any 
Holder, but against such indemnity as the Registrar or the Transfer Agent (as the case may 
be) may require in respect of any tax or other duty of whatsoever nature which may be 
levied or imposed in connection with such exchange. 
(D) 
Amendment to Conditions 
The Temporary Global Instruments, Permanent Global Instruments and Global Registered 
Instruments contain provisions that apply to the instruments that they represent, some of which 
modify the effect of the Terms and Conditions of the Instruments set out in this Base Prospectus. 
The following is a summary of certain of those provisions: 
(1) 
Meetings: The holder of a Permanent Global Instrument or of the Instruments represented 
by a Global Registered Instrument shall (unless such Permanent Global Instrument or 
Global Registered Instrument represents only one Instrument) be treated as having one 
vote in respect of each minimum Specified Denomination of Instruments for which such 
Global Instrument may be exchanged. 
(2) 
Cancellation: Cancellation of any Instrument represented by a Permanent Global 
Instrument or Global Registered Instrument that is required by the Conditions to be 
cancelled (other than upon its redemption) will be effected by reduction in the nominal 
amount of the relevant Permanent Global Instrument or Global Registered Instrument. 
(3) 
Purchase: Instruments represented by a Permanent Global Instrument or Global 
Registered Instrument may only be purchased by the Issuer or any of its subsidiaries if 
they are purchased together with the rights to receive all future payments of interest and 
Instalment Amounts (if any) thereon. 
(4) 
Issuer's Options: Any option of the Issuer provided for in the Conditions of the 
Instruments while such Instruments are represented by a Permanent Global Instrument or 
a Global Registered Instrument shall be exercised by the Issuer giving notice to the holders 
within the time limits set out in and containing the information required by the Conditions, 
except that the notice shall not be required to contain the serial numbers of Instruments

--- Page 88 ---
- 86 - 
 
 
drawn in the case of a partial exercise of an option and accordingly no drawing of 
Instruments shall be required. In the event that any option of the Issuer is exercised in 
respect of some but not all of the Instruments of any Series, the rights of accountholders 
with a clearing system in respect of the Instruments will be governed by the standard 
procedures of Euroclear Bank, Clearstream, Luxembourg or any other clearing system (as 
the case may be). 
(5) 
Holders' Options: Any option of the holders provided for in the Conditions of any 
Instruments while such instruments are represented by a Permanent Global Instrument or 
a Global Registered Instrument may be exercised by the Holder of such Permanent Global 
Instrument or Global Registered Instrument, giving notice to the Issue and Paying Agent 
within the time limits relating to the deposit of Instruments with a Paying Agent or the 
Registrar, in the case of a Global Registered Instrument substantially in the form of the 
notice available from any Paying Agent (or the Registrar, in the case of a Global 
Registered Instrument), except that the notice shall not be required to contain the serial 
numbers of the Instruments in respect of which the option has been exercised, and stating 
the nominal amount of Instruments in respect of which the option is exercised and at the 
same time presenting for notation the Permanent Global Instrument or the Global 
Registered Instrument to the Issue and Paying Agent, or to a Paying Agent acting on behalf 
of the Issue and Paying Agent, or the Registrar, in the case of a Global Registered 
Instrument. 
(6) 
Notices: So long as any Instruments are represented by a Permanent Global Instrument or 
Global Registered Instrument and such Permanent Global Instrument or Global Registered 
Instrument is held on behalf of a clearing system (i) notices to the Holders of Instruments 
of that Series may be given by delivery of the relevant notice to the clearing system for 
communication by it to entitled accountholders in substitution for publication and/or filing 
as required by the Conditions and any such notice shall be deemed to have been given to 
the Holders on the date of delivery to the clearing system and (ii) notices to be given by 
any Holder may be given to the Issue and Paying Agent through Euroclear Bank and/or 
Clearstream, Luxembourg, as the case may be, in such manner as the Issue and Paying 
Agent and Euroclear Bank and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg, as the case may be, may 
approve for this purpose.

--- Page 89 ---
- 87 - 
 
 
BOOK ENTRY INSTRUMENTS HELD THROUGH INTERBOLSA 
General 
Interbolsa holds securities through a centralised system (sistema centralizado) composed of interconnected 
securities accounts, through which such securities (and inherent rights) are held and transferred, and which 
allows Interbolsa to control at all times the amount of securities so held and transferred. Issuers of 
securities, financial intermediaries, the Bank of Portugal and Interbolsa, as the controlling entity, all 
participate in such centralised system. 
The centralised securities system of Interbolsa provides for all procedures required for the exercise of 
ownership rights inherent to the Book Entry Instruments held through Interbolsa. 
In relation to each issue of securities, Interbolsa's centralised system comprises, inter alia: (1) the issue 
account, opened by the relevant issuer in the centralised system and which reflects the full amount of issued 
securities; and (2) the control accounts opened by each of the financial intermediaries which participate 
in Interbolsa's centralised system, and which reflect the securities held by such participant on behalf of its 
customers in accordance with their individual securities accounts. 
Book Entry Instruments held through Interbolsa will be attributed an International Securities Identification 
Number ("ISIN" code) through the codification system of Interbolsa. These Book Entry Instruments will 
be accepted and registered with Central de Valores Mobiliários ("CVM"), the centralised securities system 
managed and operated by Interbolsa and settled by Interbolsa's settlement system. 
Form of the Book Entry Instruments held through Interbolsa 
The Book Entry Instruments will be represented in dematerialised book-entry form ("forma escritural") 
and shall be nominativas (in which case Interbolsa, at the request of the Issuer, can ask the Affiliate 
Members of Interbolsa for information regarding the identity of the Holders and transmit such information 
to the Issuer). Form and title to the Book Entry Instruments will be evidenced by book entries in accordance 
with the provisions of the Portuguese Securities Code and the applicable Comissão do Mercado de Valores 
Mobiliários ("CMVM") and Interbolsa regulations. No physical document of title will be issued in respect 
of Book Entry Instruments. 
The Book Entry Instruments of each Series will be registered in the relevant issue account opened by the 
relevant Issuer with Interbolsa and will be held in control accounts by each Affiliate Member of Interbolsa 
(as defined below) on behalf of the holders of the Book Entry Instruments. Such control accounts reflect at 
all times the aggregate of Book Entry Instruments held in the individual securities accounts opened by the 
holders of the Book Entry Instruments with each of the Affiliate Members of Interbolsa. The expression 
"Affiliate Member of Interbolsa" means any authorised financial intermediary entitled to hold control 
accounts with Interbolsa on behalf of their customers and includes any depositary banks appointed by 
Euroclear Bank and Clearstream, Luxembourg for the purpose of holding such accounts with Interbolsa on 
behalf of Euroclear Bank and Clearstream, Luxembourg. 
Each person shown in the records of an Affiliate Member of Interbolsa as having an interest in Book Entry 
Instruments shall be treated as the holder of the Book Entry Instruments recorded therein except as 
otherwise required by law. 
Payment of principal and interest in respect of Book Entry Instruments held through Interbolsa 
While the Book Entry Instruments are held through Interbolsa, payment of principal and interest in respect 
of the Book Entry Instruments: (1) in euros will be (a) credited, according to the procedures and regulations 
of Interbolsa, by the Portuguese paying agent (the "Portuguese Paying Agent") acting on behalf of the 
Issuer from the payment current account which the Portuguese Paying Agent has indicated to, and has been 
accepted by, Interbolsa to be used on the Portuguese Paying Agent's behalf for payments in respect of 
securities held through Interbolsa to the payment current accounts held according to the applicable 
procedures and regulations of Interbolsa by the Affiliate Members of Interbolsa whose control accounts 
with Interbolsa are credited with such Book Entry Instruments and thereafter (b) credited by such Affiliate 
Members of Interbolsa from the aforementioned payment current accounts to the accounts of the Holders 
or through Euroclear Bank and Clearstream, Luxembourg to the accounts with Euroclear Bank and 
Clearstream, Luxembourg of the beneficial owners of such Book Entry Instruments, in accordance with the 
rules and procedures of Interbolsa, Euroclear Bank or Clearstream, Luxembourg, as the case may be; and

--- Page 90 ---
- 88 - 
 
 
(2) in currencies other than euros will be (a) transferred, on the payment date and according to the 
procedures and regulations applicable by Interbolsa, from the account held by the Portuguese Paying Agent 
in the Foreign Currency Settlement System (Sistema de Liquidação em Moeda Estrangeira), managed by 
Caixa Geral de Depósitos, S.A., to the relevant accounts of the relevant Affiliate Members of Interbolsa, 
and thereafter (b) transferred by such Affiliate Members of Interbolsa from such relevant accounts to the 
accounts of the owners of those Book Entry Instruments or through Euroclear Bank and Clearstream, 
Luxembourg to the accounts with Euroclear Bank and Clearstream, Luxembourg of the beneficial owners 
of those Book Entry Instruments, in accordance with the rules and procedures of Interbolsa, Euroclear Bank 
or Clearstream, Luxembourg, as the case may be. 
Transfer of Book Entry Instruments held through Interbolsa 
Book Entry Instruments held through Interbolsa may, subject to compliance with all applicable rules, 
restrictions and requirements of Interbolsa and Portuguese law, be transferred to a person who wishes to 
hold such Book Entry Instruments. No owner of Book Entry Instruments will be able to transfer such Book 
Entry Instruments, except in accordance with Portuguese law and the applicable procedures established by 
the CMVM and Interbolsa.

--- Page 91 ---
- 89 - 
 
 
USE OF PROCEEDS 
An amount equal to the net proceeds from each issue of Instruments issued by EDP will be applied by EDP 
for its general corporate purposes. The proceeds of Instruments issued by EDP B.V. will be on-lent to, or 
invested in, EDP Group companies. 
If so specified in the applicable Final Terms, an amount equal to the net proceeds of Instruments issued by 
EDP or EDP B.V. may be used to finance or refinance, in whole or in part, EDP's Eligible Green Project 
portfolio. EDP's Eligible Green Project portfolio includes existing or planned investments of EDP 
Renováveis S.A, a fully consolidated subsidiary of EDP, which support the transition to a low carbon 
economy, especially those that help increase the production of renewable energy. Eligible Green Projects 
include the design, construction, installation and maintenance of renewable energy production projects, 
such as wind power plants (onshore and offshore) and solar power plants (photovoltaic ("PV") or 
concentrated solar power ("CSP")) and will be assessed and monitored according to a framework and set 
of criteria available on EDP's website (https://www.edp.com/en/investors/fixed-income/green-funding).  
Such Instruments will be referred to as "Green Bonds".

--- Page 92 ---
- 90 - 
 
 
RELATIONSHIP OF EDP B.V. WITH EDP 
EDP has entered into a Keep Well Agreement dated 14 March 2001 with EDP B.V. (the "Keep Well 
Agreement") governed by English law. The following is the text of the Keep Well Agreement: 
"KEEP WELL AGREEMENT 
This Keep Well Agreement is made on 14 March 2001 by and between: 
(1) 
EDP – ELECTRICIDADE DE PORTUGAL, S.A. ("EDP"); and 
(2) 
EDP FINANCE B.V. ("EDP B.V."). 
WHEREAS: 
(A) 
EDP B.V. is a direct wholly-owned subsidiary of EDP; 
(B) 
Bankers Trustee Company Limited (the "Trustee", which expression shall, wherever the context 
so admits, include any successor as trustee for holders of the Instruments as defined below), EDP 
and EDP B.V. (each an "Issuer" and together the "Issuers") have entered into a trust deed dated 
14 March 2001 (the "Trust Deed") relating to the €5,000,000,000 Programme for the Issuance of 
Debt Instruments (the "Programme"); 
(C) 
The Issuers may issue Instruments after the date hereof pursuant to the Programme (the 
"Instruments", which expression as used herein shall include Instruments whether in global or 
definitive form and any receipts, coupons or talons appertaining to such Instruments) which will 
be constituted by the Trust Deed as modified and/or supplemented and/or restated from time to 
time; 
(D) 
EDP B.V. may also hereafter assume from time to time obligations under swap agreements which 
will be related to the Instruments issued by EDP B.V. (any obligation of EDP B.V. in respect of 
each swap agreement entered into by EDP B.V. and any Instrument issued by EDP B.V. under the 
Programme being herein referred to as a "Debt Obligation" and the obligations together being 
herein referred to as "Debt Obligations"); and 
(E) 
EDP B.V. entered into the Programme as Issuer for its own benefit and also for the benefit of EDP. 
NOW, THEREFORE, EDP and EDP B.V. hereby covenant and agree as follows: 
1. 
In consideration of the sum of £1 paid by EDP B.V. to EDP (receipt of which EDP hereby 
acknowledges), EDP shall own, directly or indirectly, all of the issued and outstanding share capital 
of EDP B.V. and will control the composition of the board of directors of EDP B.V. so long as any 
Debt Obligation is outstanding and shall not pledge, grant a security interest in, encumber or 
alienate any of such share capital. 
2. 
For so long as EDP B.V. has outstanding Instruments under the Programme, EDP shall, with effect 
on and from the date of this Agreement, cause EDP B.V. to maintain a Tangible Net Worth (as 
hereinafter defined), as determined in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles in 
the Netherlands applied on a consistent basis as shown on EDP B.V.'s most recent audited balance 
sheet (commencing with EDP B.V.'s audited balance sheet at 31 December 2001), of at least one 
euro. 
"Tangible Net Worth" shall mean the total assets of EDP B.V. less the sum of intangible assets 
and total liabilities of EDP B.V. A certificate of the auditors of EDP B.V. as to the amount of 
Tangible Net Worth shall, in the absence of manifest error, be final and conclusive. 
3. 
For so long as EDP B.V. has outstanding Instruments under the Programme, if EDP B.V. at any 
time shall have insufficient funds or other liquid assets to meet its payment obligations (including 
in respect of any Debt Obligations) or to repay borrowings then maturing or subsequently to 
mature, upon receipt of notice from EDP B.V. to such effect, EDP shall make, or have made, 
available to EDP B.V., before the due date of such payment obligations or borrowings, funds 
sufficient to enable EDP B.V. to meet such payment obligations or to repay such borrowings, as

--- Page 93 ---
- 91 - 
 
 
the case may be, in full as they fall due. EDP B.V. shall use the funds made available to it by EDP 
hereunder solely for the fulfilment of its payment obligations and the repayment at maturity of its 
borrowings. 
4. 
Any and all funds from time to time provided by EDP to EDP B.V. pursuant to Clause 3 above 
shall, at the option of EDP, be either (1) by way of subscription for and payment of share capital 
(other than redeemable share capital) of EDP B.V., or (2) by way of subordinated loan, that is to 
say, a loan which, and interest on which, is not permitted to be, and is not capable of being, repaid 
or paid unless all other debt of EDP B.V. has been fully satisfied and is subordinated on a winding-
up of EDP B.V. to all of the unsecured and unpreferred creditors of EDP B.V. other than EDP. 
5. 
EDP warrants and agrees that its payment obligations which may arise hereunder constitute 
unsecured and unsubordinated obligations of EDP and rank pari passu with all other unsecured 
and unsubordinated obligations of EDP other than those obligations which are preferred by law. 
6. 
This Agreement is not, and nothing herein contained and nothing done by EDP pursuant hereto 
shall be deemed to constitute, a guarantee, direct or indirect, by EDP of any Debt Obligation or 
any other debt of EDP B.V. (or of any subsidiary of EDP B.V.) or of any instrument issued by EDP 
B.V. or of any subsidiary of EDP B.V. 
7. 
If EDP B.V. shall be in liquidation, administration or receivership or other analogous proceedings 
(including if EDP B.V. is declared bankrupt ("faillissement") or is granted a moratorium of 
payment ("surséance van betaling") or enters into winding-up proceedings ("ontbinding")) and 
EDP shall be in default of its obligations hereunder, EDP shall be liable to EDP B.V. by way of 
liquidated damages for such default in an amount equal to the sum that EDP would have paid had 
it performed in full all of its obligations hereunder, and EDP B.V. and any liquidator, administrator 
or receiver of EDP B.V. or other analogous officer or official shall be entitled to claim accordingly. 
8. 
This Agreement may be modified, amended or terminated only by the written agreement of EDP 
and EDP B.V. provided, however, that no such modification, amendment or termination shall be 
made which may have any adverse effect upon the holders of the Instruments issued by EDP B.V. 
or the holders of any other Debt Obligation taken as a whole while any such Instrument or Debt 
Obligation is outstanding. 
9. 
EDP and EDP B.V. each hereby covenant and agree as follows: 
(i) 
it will not consent, either orally or in writing, to any modification, amendment or 
termination of this Agreement which may have any adverse effect upon the holders of the 
Instruments issued by EDP B.V. or the holders of any other Debt Obligation taken as a 
whole while any Instrument or other Debt Obligation remains outstanding; 
(ii) 
it will give written notice to the Trustee on behalf of the holders of Instruments issued by 
EDP B.V. and to the holders of any other Debt Obligation at least 30 days prior to any 
proposed modification, amendment or termination of this Agreement; 
(iii) 
it will fully and promptly perform its obligations and exercise its rights under this 
Agreement and, in the case of EDP B.V. (without limitation to the foregoing) exercise its 
right to enforce performance of the terms of this Agreement by EDP; and 
(iv) 
it will consent to the giving of an order of specific performance or similar relief by any 
court of competent jurisdiction in the event that any action is brought in respect of this 
Agreement. 
10. 
(i) 
This Agreement shall take effect for the benefit of the Trustee on behalf of the holders of 
Instruments issued by EDP B.V. and the holder of any other Debt Obligation. Apart from 
the parties to this Agreement and the Trustee, no other person, firm, company or 
association (unincorporated or incorporated) shall be entitled to any benefit under this 
Agreement whatsoever. 
(ii) 
This Agreement shall be deposited with and held by the Trustee for so long as the Trust 
Deed is in force and, if thereafter, any other Debt Obligation remains outstanding it will 
be deposited with and held by a reputable financial institution on behalf of the holder(s)

--- Page 94 ---
- 92 - 
 
 
of such other Debt Obligation. Both parties hereby acknowledge the right of the holder of 
any Instrument issued by EDP B.V. and any other Debt Obligation to obtain from either 
party a copy of this Agreement. 
(iii) 
The term "holder" herein has the same meaning in relation to each Instrument as the term 
"Holder" in the Terms and Conditions of such Instrument. 
11. 
This Agreement may be executed in any number of counterparts, all of which taken together shall 
constitute one and the same instrument. 
12. 
Each of EDP and EDP B.V. hereby irrevocably agrees that the courts of England are to have 
jurisdiction to settle any disputes which may arise out of or in connection with this Agreement and 
that accordingly any suit, action or proceedings (together "Proceedings") arising out of or in 
connection with this Agreement may be brought in such courts. Each of EDP and EDP B.V. hereby 
irrevocably waives any objection which it may have to the laying of the venue of any Proceedings 
in any such courts and any claim that any such Proceedings have been brought in an inconvenient 
forum and hereby further irrevocably agree that a judgment in any Proceedings brought in the 
English courts shall be conclusive and binding upon EDP and EDP B.V. and may be enforced in 
the courts of any other jurisdiction. Nothing contained herein shall limit any right to take 
Proceedings against EDP or EDP B.V. in any other court of competent jurisdiction nor shall the 
taking of Proceedings in one or more jurisdictions preclude the taking of Proceedings in any other 
jurisdiction, whether concurrently or not. Each of EDP and EDP B.V. hereby appoints The Law 
Debenture Trust Corporation p.l.c. at its registered office for the time being (being at the date 
hereof at Fifth Floor, 100 Wood Street, London EC2V 7EX) as its agent for service of process and 
agrees that, in the event of The Law Debenture Trust Corporation p.l.c. ceasing so to act, it will 
appoint another person as its agent for service of process in England in respect of any Proceedings. 
13. 
This Agreement shall be governed by, and construed in accordance with, the laws of England. 
Note: 
The Keep Well Agreement is not, and should not be regarded as equivalent to, a guarantee by EDP 
of any payment in respect of the Instruments. However, following an Event of Default, the Trustee 
will be entitled, on behalf of the Holders, to enforce EDP B.V.'s rights under the Keep Well 
Agreement against EDP in accordance with the terms of the Trust Deed. Enforcement in the English 
courts will be subject, among other things, to the powers of such courts to stay proceedings and other 
principles of law and equity of general application.

--- Page 95 ---
- 93 - 
 
 
EDP AND THE EDP GROUP 
BUSINESS OVERVIEW 
EDP – Energias de Portugal, S.A. ("EDP" and together with its subsidiaries, the "Group" or the "EDP 
Group") is a listed company (sociedade aberta), whose ordinary shares are publicly traded on the regulated 
market of Euronext Lisbon. EDP is established in Portugal, organised under the laws of Portugal and 
registered with the Commercial Registry Office of Lisbon, under no. 500.697.256. Its registered head office 
is located at Av. 24 de Julho, 12, 1249 - 300 Lisbon, Portugal, and its telephone number is +351210012500. 
EDP was initially incorporated as a public enterprise (empresa pública) in 1976 pursuant to Decree-Law 
no. 502/76, of 30 June 1976, as a result of the nationalisation and merger of the main Portuguese companies 
in the electricity sector in mainland Portugal. Subsequently, EDP was transformed into a limited liability 
company (sociedade anónima) pursuant to Decree-Law no. 7/91, of 8 January 1991, and Decree-Law no. 
78-A/97, of 7 April 1997. 
Under Article 3.1 of its articles of association, the corporate purpose of EDP is the direct or indirect 
promotion, development and management of undertakings and activities in the energy sector, both at 
national and international levels, with the goal of growing and improving the performance of its group's 
companies. 
The privatisation of EDP's share capital involved eight phases in total, the first one in 1997 and the last one 
concluded in February 2013. The most significant shareholdings in EDP's share capital (i.e. shareholdings 
equal to or higher than 2 per cent.) as of 30 June 2021 were: China Three Gorges Corporation, owning 
19.03 per cent.; Oppidum Capital S.L., owning 7.20 per cent.; BlackRock, Inc., owning 7.12 per cent.; 
Norges Bank, owning 3.13 per cent.; Qatar Investment Authority, owning 2.27 per cent.; Sonatrach SpA, 
owning 2.19 per cent.; Canada Pension Plan Investment Board, owning 2.17 per cent; and Bank of America 
Corporation, owning 2.02 per cent. As of 30 June 2021, EDP has an issued share capital of €3,965,681,012, 
comprised of 3,965,681,012 shares with a nominal value of €1 per share, all of which have been paid up. 
EDP is a multinational, vertically integrated utility company with operations in 22 countries across Europe, 
the Americas, Africa and Asia and with a focus on renewable energy generation. The Group has integrated 
operations across energy generation, distribution and supply operations mainly in Iberia and Brazil. 
Moreover, the Group develops and operates renewable energy generation in 17 different countries across 
Europe, North and Latin America and more recently in the Asia-Pacific region with the expansion into 
Vietnam. With a total installed capacity in Iberia of 13 gigawatt ("GW") and a distribution network 
spanning 282 thousand kilometres as of 30 June 2021, EDP believes that it is the largest generator, 
distributor and supplier of electricity in Portugal in terms of gigawatt hours ("GWh") and the third largest 
electricity generator in the Iberian Peninsula in terms of installed capacity. EDP also believes that it is one 
of Brazil’s largest private generators, distributors and suppliers of electricity in terms of GWh and one of 
the largest onshore wind power operators worldwide in terms of GWh, with operations spanning across 
Europe, North America and Latin America. EDP also generates solar PV energy in Portugal, Vietnam, 
Romania and the United States. Overall, globally EDP has a total installed capacity of 24 GW and 
distribution networks of 376 thousand kilometres as of 30 June 2021. 
Historically, EDP’s core business had been focused on electricity generation, distribution and supply in 
Portugal. Given Spain’s geographical proximity and its regulatory framework, the Iberian Peninsula’s 
electricity market became EDP’s natural home market, and EDP made this market the primary focus of its 
integrated electricity business. As at the date of this Base Prospectus, EDP’s main subsidiaries in Portugal 
include its electricity generation company, EDP - Produção - Gestão da Produção de Energia, S.A. ("EDP 
Produção"), its electricity distribution company, E-REDES Distribuição de Electricidade, S.A. ("E-
Redes"), and its two supply companies SU Electricidade, S.A. ("SU Eletricidade") and EDP Comercial – 
Comercialização de Energia, S.A. ("EDP Comercial"). As of 30 June 2021, in Spain, EDP’s main 
subsidiary is EDP España, S.A.U., which operates electricity generation plants and electricity distribution 
networks. The electricity distribution networks business in Spain is controlled through a long-term 
partnership with Macquarie Super Core Infrastructure Fund SD Holdings S.À.R.L. ("MSCIF"), in which 
it holds a 75.1 per cent. stake that combines three electricity distribution companies: Hidrocantábrico 
Distribución Eléctrica S.A.U., Viesgo Distribución Eléctrica, S.L. ("Viesgo Distribución") and Barras 
Eléctricas Galaico-Asturianas, S.A.

--- Page 96 ---
- 94 - 
 
 
In addition to the electricity market, EDP is also present in the natural gas supply business in both Portugal 
and Spain. In Portugal, EDP supplies natural gas through EDP Comercial and EDP Gás Serviço Universal, 
S.A. ("EDP Gás SU"). In Spain, EDP holds indirectly (through EDP España) EDP-Comercializadora, 
S.A.U. ("EDP Comercializadora"). In July and October 2017, EDP sold 100 per cent. of its gas 
distribution networks in Spain and Portugal, respectively, in line with EDP's strategy of strengthening its 
financial profile and focusing on electricity networks. 
EDP participates in the renewable energy sector through EDP Renováveis, a leading renewable energy 
company headquartered in Spain. EDP Renováveis designs, develops, manages and operates power plants 
that generate electricity using the renewable energy sources of wind and solar energy. EDP currently holds 
a 74.98 per cent. stake in EDP Renováveis, with the remaining 25.02 per cent. traded on Euronext Lisbon. 
In Brazil, EDP has significant electricity generation, distribution, supply and transmission businesses in 12 
states through its 52.64 per cent. direct stake in EDP – Brasil, S.A. ("EDP Brasil"), a company listed on 
the São Paulo Stock Exchange.  EDP also believes that it is one of Brazil's largest private generators, 
distributors and suppliers of electricity in terms of GWh. 
EDP's Operating Segments 
EDP organises its business along three operating segments. 
1. 
Renewables: The Renewables operating segment is central to the Group's growth strategy. EDP 
participates in the renewable energy space through EDP Renováveis, a leading renewable energy 
company headquartered in Spain and listed in Portugal that develops, builds, manages and operates 
power plants that generate electricity using renewable energy sources (including onshore and 
offshore wind, and solar energy) and through its hydroelectric generation assets in Iberia and Brazil. 
EDP Renováveis has built significant growth platforms in the European, Latin American and North 
American markets and is continuously monitoring opportunities to expand its activities globally, 
having more recently expanded to the Asia-Pacific region, by entering Vietnam. 
2. 
Networks: EDP's Networks operating segment comprises activities related to electricity 
distribution in the Iberian Peninsula and Brazil, as well as the Group's electricity transmission 
operations in Brazil. EDP's regulated networks regulated asset base was €6.0 billion as of 30 June 
2021. EDP believes that the importance of electricity networks in the context of the energy 
transition landscape will continue to increase given the gradual shift to a more customer-centric 
paradigm which will require the deployment of a smarter grid and the offer of a more personalised 
portfolio of services. Such services are likely to include smart control systems, decentralised 
generation, energy-storage and electric cars, which represents an opportunity for further growth. 
3. 
Client Solutions and Energy Management: The Client Solutions and Energy Management 
segment comprises activities mainly related to thermal generation, energy trading and electricity 
supply in the Iberian Peninsula and Brazil. This segment includes energy management activities 
that allow EDP to manage its portfolio of generation assets in the liberalised market and its clients 
in Iberia, enabling the Group to hedge market and hydro risk according to its risk policies. Client 
solutions manages an approximately nine million client portfolio, with the aim of further increasing 
quality through digital transformation, while innovating its offer of products and services, in 
particular through distributed solar and e-mobility services. 
The Group’s revenues from energy sales and services and other for June 2021 and 2020 amounted to €6,083 
million and €6,183 million, respectively. The Group’s revenues from energy sales and services and other 
for the years ended 31 December 2020 and 2019 amounted to €12,448 million and €14,333 million, 
respectively. As of 30 June 2021, the EDP Group employed 12,147 people and had total assets of €44,129 
million and total equity of €14,347 million. 
Recent Developments 
Sale of Portuguese Tariff Deficit 
On 20 July 2021, SU Eletricidade, the last resort supplier of the Portuguese electricity system, 100 per cent. 
owned by EDP, agreed, through five individual transactions, the non-recourse sale of 28.8 per cent. of the 
2021 tariff deficit, related with special regime generation, for a total amount of €503 million.

--- Page 97 ---
- 95 - 
 
 
This tariff deficit results from the 5-year deferral of the recovery of the 2021 overcost with the acquisition 
of energy from special regime generation (including adjustments for 2019 and 2020). 
Agreement to acquire a wind and solar portfolio in the United Kingdom  
On 21 July 2021, EDPR reached agreements to acquire a 544 megawatt ("MW") wind and solar portfolio 
in the UK.  The portfolio consists of (i) 5 MW operating wind farm commissioned in 2012 with a 20-year 
feed in tariff; (ii) 192 MW of wind projects under an advanced stage of development; and (iii) 347 MW of 
projects under development, including 229 MW of wind and 118 MW of solar. The transaction has been 
reached through two separate agreements with Vento Ludens and Wind2 for a total consideration of up to 
GBP 71 million. This agreement allows EDPR to establish its presence in the UK onshore market with a 
sizeable and technologically diversified portfolio at different stages of development and provides an 
experienced development team which will be focusing on additional opportunities in the country. 
Asset Rotation deal for wind portfolio in Portugal 
On 21 July 2021, EDPR signed a sale and purchase agreement to sell a 100 per cent. equity shareholding 
position in a wind portfolio with 221 MW of installed capacity located in Portugal, to Onex Renewables 
S.a.r.l, for a total consideration corresponding to €530 million. This deal is part of EDP's asset rotation 
programme for the 2021-2025 period.  
25-year PPA for a 200 MWac Solar Project in the US 
On 27 July 2021, EDPR secured a 25-year PPA to sell the green energy produced by a 200 MWac solar 
project in the United States. The solar project is located in Arizona and is expected to enter in operation in 
2023.   
Asset Rotation deal for wind portfolio in Poland 
On 4 August 2021, EDPR signed a sale and purchase agreement with Mirova, an affiliate of Natixis 
Investment Managers, to sell a 100 cent. equity stake in a 149 MW wind portfolio located in Poland for 
approximately €303 million (subject to customary closing adjustments). The transaction scope comprises 
six wind farms, out of which 20 MW are in operation since 2020 and 129 MW are under construction with 
expected commercial operation date at the end of 2021.

--- Page 98 ---
- 96 - 
 
 
STRATEGY OF EDP 
EDP’s vision is to lead the energy transition and create superior value to shareholders. To achieve this 
ambitious vision, in February 2021, EDP announced a new strategic update for the period of 2021-2025. 
The plan is underpinned by three strategic axes: (i) accelerated and sustainable growth; (ii) future-proof 
organisation; and (iii) ESG excellence and attractive returns. This strategy is further supported by EDP’s 
commitment to decarbonisation and sustainability pursuant to its 2030 vision of having 100 per cent. 
electricity generated from renewable sources. 
1. 
Accelerated and sustainable growth 
EDP announced at the strategic update a €24 billion investment plan for the period of 2021-2025, 
reinforcing its position as a leader of the energy transition. EDP intends to significantly increase its annual 
investments, targeting approximately €4.8 billion per year in capital expenditure (including financial 
investments) for the period 2021-2025, a 65 per cent. increase from the yearly average target of €2.9 billion 
per year in capital expenditure for the period 2019-2022. In 2020, EDP’s capital expenditure amounted to 
€3.2 billion. The fast deployment of renewables capacity will be combined with the intended sale of 
majority stakes in selected renewable assets in line with EDP’s asset rotation strategy (targeted at €8 billion 
for the period 2021-2025), to accelerate growth and enable a less capital intensive growth model. 
In line with EDP’s objective to reinforce its distinctive "green" positioning and low risk profile, nearly 95 
per cent. of capital expenditure is expected to be allocated to regulated and long-term activities with a focus 
on renewables (approximately 80 per cent. of total investment) and networks (approximately 15 per cent. 
of total investment). In geographical terms, approximately 40 per cent. of total investment is expected to 
be deployed in North America, 40 per cent. in Europe, 15 per cent. in Brazil and Latin America and the 
remaining 5 per cent. to the rest of the world. 
EDP was an early mover in renewable energy and has built a strong track record. Based on its assessment 
of wind generation figures published by top wind market operators, EDP stands as one of the largest wind 
power operators worldwide with 12.6 GW of wind and solar power capacity installed as of 30 June 2021 
(0.8 GW of which constitutes equity consolidated capacity). This position is the result of strong execution 
and excellence in operations, including in relation to asset availability, cost and load factors, among other 
areas. 
As of 30 June 2021, EDP had a renewable energy installed capacity of 18.9 GW consisting of 7.1 GW of 
hydro power (in Iberia and Brazil) and 11.7 GW of wind and solar power (mostly in Europe and the United 
States). As of 30 June 2021, 81 per cent. of EDP’s generated electricity came from renewable sources of 
energy compared to 20 per cent. in 2005. EDP expects to deploy 20 GW of gross additions in renewable 
capacity for the period 2021-2025, with a focus on wind onshore (9.1 GW) and solar PV (8.0 GW), but also 
wind offshore (0.9 GW), storage (0.4 GW) and distributed solar (1.4 GW). As of 30 June 2021, 
approximately 33 per cent. of the expected capacity additions, targeted until 2025, were already secured 
with PPAs, feed-in tariffs or similar long-term arrangements. 
EDP’s strategy for its wind offshore portfolio is to develop projects in partnerships with other operators in 
the market, seeking to diversify its risk exposure to this technology. In January 2020, EDP entered into a 
fifty-fifty joint venture with Engie, named "Ocean Winds", which was subsequently approved by the EC 
on 26 February 2020, for the development of fixed and floating offshore wind assets. The new entity, which 
combines the offshore assets of EDP and Engie already has two projects in operation with a total capacity 
of 0.5 GW, 3.2 GW of secured capacity and a total capacity of 6.4 GW under construction and in an 
advanced stage of development. This entity is the exclusive investment vehicle of EDP, through its 
subsidiary EDP Renováveis, and Engie for offshore wind opportunities worldwide. EDP expects the joint 
venture will become a major global player in the field, bringing together the industrial expertise and 
development capacity of both companies. 
Another component of EDP’s growth strategy is centred around networks. Networks are seen by EDP as 
key enablers of the energy transition in addition to providing stable and long-term cash flow. EDP is 
continuously seeking efficiency improvements in networks’ operations, while delivering high quality 
service. As part of these efforts, grids are being modernised and digitalised in order to respond to the 
challenges of the energy transition, that require smarter grids to accommodate an increasing weight of 
intermittent renewable generation and to manage demand in real time.

--- Page 99 ---
- 97 - 
 
 
The acquisition of Viesgo, concluded in December 2020, is an important driver of growth in this segment 
as it more than doubles EDP’s presence in electricity distribution in Spain, contributing with almost 700 
thousand customers in the north of Spain and a network length of c. 32 thousand km, perpetual licenses and 
regulatory visibility until 2025, strengthening EDP’s business risk profile by increasing EDP's exposure to 
regulated networks. 
Another important driver of investment in networks in the short term is the growth in the transmission 
segment in Brazil. Between 2016 and 2017, EDP was awarded five transmission lines in Brazil, totalling 
nearly 1,300 km. Transmission line "24", in Espírito Santo state started operations in December 2018 (20 
months ahead of the regulatory schedule), transmission line "11" started full operation in August 2020 (12 
months ahead of schedule) and transmission line "7" entered into partial operation in March 2021 (17 
months ahead of schedule). In May 2019, EDP announced the acquisition of a further transmission line in 
Brazil (142 km), "lot Q", expected to commence operations by 2022, and more recently in May 2021 
concluded another acquisition of a transmission line in Mata Grande (113 km). Furthermore, on 30 June 
2021, EDP Brasil was also awarded an additional lot, located in the states of Acre and Rondônia with 350 
km and one substation. As of June 2021, EDP had invested R$3.9 billion on the eight transmission lines, 
representing 80 per cent. of the total estimated investment. 
In the client solutions and energy management segment, EDP is focused on active portfolio management, 
allowing for a natural hedge of generation with customers and also between renewables and thermal assets. 
Additionally, EDP seeks to enhance value for its approximately nine million clients (as of 30 June 2021) 
by improving quality of service and providing new innovative solutions that meet clients’ needs and 
accelerate the energy transition, such as decentralised solar and e-mobility solutions. 
A key element of EDP’s strategy is to deliver on these growth targets while maintaining a strong financial 
profile, fully committed to a solid investment grade rating (BBB).  EDP’s financial policy aims to reinforce 
the visibility of free cash flow generation over the medium term, supported by strict financial criteria 
underlying investment decisions, timely execution of projects and a risk-controlled growth strategy.  EDP 
seeks to maintain diversification in terms of markets and regulatory environments while also seeking to 
reduce its exposure to market volatility. 
EDP has a high proportion of activities in its portfolio that are either long-term contracted or regulated.  As 
such, its revenues are dependent on the outcome of regulatory decisions by governments and other 
authorities. To reduce its exposure to regulatory risk, EDP is in regular contact with regulatory authorities 
in order to ensure an accurate and appropriate regulatory treatment, including regarding the level of returns 
EDP receives on capital employed in connection with its network activities, which are fully regulated. 
Some of EDP's operations are exposed to liberalised energy markets, which are subject to fluctuations in 
energy demand, supply and prices both in EDP's core markets and in other related international markets. In 
order to reduce its exposure to these sources of volatility, EDP operates an integrated generation and supply 
model and maintains a hedging strategy that seeks to enable it to secure pricing for a significant portion of 
its fuel needs and electricity and gas sales in the liberalised markets for a period between 12 and 18 months. 
2. 
Future-proof organisation 
To deliver on the targets presented at the strategic update for the period of 2021-2025, EDP is focused on 
preparing for accelerated and sustained growth, by focusing on becoming a more global, agile and efficient 
organisation, and by improving decision making process and simplifying organisational structure. 
EDP is implementing an innovation and digital transformation plan focused on improving the efficiency of 
the organisation and introducing new technologies in the various stages of the value chain with a 
commitment of €2 billion until 2025. 
EDP wants to establish a leading innovation position internationally, namely through venture capital 
investments and entrepreneurship, creating an open innovation ecosystem, and delivering new solutions 
across four main areas: clean energy, storage and flexibility, smarter grids and client solutions. 
EDP is implementing its operational expenditures efficiency programme which aims to achieve cumulative 
savings of €100 million until 2025 and includes, among others measures, the digitalisation of processes,

--- Page 100 ---
- 98 - 
 
 
zero-based budgeting (a method of budgeting in which all expenses must be justified for each new period) 
and synergies from the Viesgo acquisition in Spain. 
3. 
ESG Excellence and attractive returns 
EDP is committed to delivering attractive returns through a sustainable dividend policy based on a target 
payout ratio of 75 to 85 per cent. of recurring net profit, with a dividend floor at €0.19 per share, allowing 
for potential future increases in the dividend per share in line with sustainable earnings per share growth. 
Furthermore, EDP is focused on delivering values to shareholders through a sustainable business model for 
the long-term. Accordingly, EDP has committed to various sustainability targets by 2030 and beyond, 
focused on a clear green positioning and facilitating the energy transition. 
EDP committed and has reported in accordance with UN Global Compact Principles since 2003. Since 
2015, EDP endorses nine of the 17 Sustainable Development Goals ("SDGs") and in 2018 EDP also 
committed to follow the recommendations of the Taskforce on Carbon-related Financial Disclosures until 
2022. Moreover, in 2019, EDP signed up to the Business Ambition for 1.5ºC initiative, promoted by the 
United Nations. 
In this context, EDP has committed to establishing a CO2 emission reduction target, consistent with what 
climate science defines as necessary to limit global warming to the most demanding level of the Paris 
Agreement. As part of the decarbonisation of EDP's portfolio, in 2020 EDP joined the Powering Past Coal 
Alliance, the first global alliance to accelerate the end of coal power generation. EDP is also part of the 
Race to Zero, a global coalition set up by UN Global Compact for achieving neutrality carbonic by 2050 
and the Science Based Targets initiative, and We Mean Business, to support a zero-carbon recovery that 
prevents future threats, creates decent jobs, and unlocks inclusive, sustainable growth. 
EDP aims to become coal-free by 2025 and have 100 per cent. renewable generation by 2030, anticipating 
carbon neutral targets to 2030. EDP targets to reduce specific CO2 emissions by 98 per cent. by 2030 
(compared to the levels of 2015) and decrease indirect CO2 emissions by 50 per cent. by 2030. These carbon 
neutrality targets have been validated by the Science Based Target initiative ("SBTi"), an organisation that 
evaluates and approves companies' initiatives for a low-carbon economy and for fighting climate change. 
In this assessment, SBTi also recognises that EDP's decarbonisation strategy is in line with the trajectory 
defined by science, which aims to contain the increase in the global average temperature by 1.5°C. 
EDP is also focused on having a positive impact on society addressing adverse impacts associated with its 
activities, products and services and along its value chain. 
Sustainability within EDP 
Since the Board of Director's approval of the "Principles of Sustainable Development" in 2004, EDP has 
been committed to balancing the economic, environmental and social aspects of the EDP Group's activities. 
In the 2021-2025 strategic update, EDP announced "ESG excellence and attractive returns" as one of three 
pillars of its decision-making processes. 
 
The foundations of EDP's ESG policies are based on international norms and principles. These include: (i) 
the ten principles of UN Global Compact; (ii) the SDGs; (iii) the Water Framework Directive; (iv) EU 
Directives on Environmental Impact Assessment; (v) the UN Guiding Principles on Business and Human 
Rights; (vi) the Universal Declaration of Human Rights; and (vii) the OECD Guidelines for Multinational 
Enterprises. EDP also reports periodic non-financial information in accordance with the highest 
international standards, such as Global Reporting Initiative and Sustainability Accounting Standards Board.. 
As such, EDP is committed to environmental responsibility, particularly in the areas most relevant to the 
Group's strategy: climate change, circular economy and biodiversity. This is demonstrated by the Group's 
ISO 14001:2015 certified corporate environmental management system, which the Group has held since 
2008. EDP has also been recognised as a leader in ESG practices by all of the main ESG rating agencies. 
Furthermore, as part of the decarbonisation of EDP's portfolio in 2020, EDP joined the Powering Past Coal 
Alliance, which is the first global alliance to accelerate the end of coal power generation. Since 2018, EDP 
has issued €5.1 billion in Green Bonds, in line with EDP's sustainability strategy and towards the progress 
of SDG 7.

--- Page 101 ---
- 99 - 
 
 
EDP has also established four strategic priorities in respect of social responsibility and contributions to the 
community: (i) to promote access to culture and protect cultural heritage; (ii) to promote social inclusion 
and the adoption of sustainable ways of life; (iii) valuing energy inclusion, access to energy and the 
protection of natural heritage and biodiversity; and (iv) to promote remote energy efficiency, renewable 
energy and decarbonisation. 
In addition, EDP has made further ESG commitments, including: 
 
 
committing to, and reporting in accordance with, the UN Global Compact Principles since 2003; 
 
endorsing eight of the 17 SDGs in 2015 (SDG 5, SDG 7, SDG 8, SDG 9, SDG 11, SDG 12, 
SDG 13 and SDG 15); 
 
extending its commitment, in 2018, by including the ambition to contribute to achieving SDG 
17; 
 
committing to the implementation of the Taskforce on Carbon-related Financial Disclosures' 
recommendations from 2018 until 2022; 
 
committing to establishing a CO2 emission reduction target in accordance with the most 
demanding level of the Paris Agreement from 2015; and 
 
since 2021, integrating the Sustainable Finance Action Platform in its operations and using key 
performance indicators to measure EDP's progress towards implementing the "CFO Principles 
on Integrated SDG Investment and Finance". 
 
To achieve these commitments and policies, EDP has implemented a framework for the governance of its 
sustainability objectives, which involves (i) supervision by the General and Supervisory Board; (ii) 
decision-making and approval from the Executive Board of Directors; and (iii) operational practices for 
managing, implementing and monitoring the Group's policies and sustainability strategy. Furthermore, 
EDP's Code of Ethics, which was recently reviewed in 2020, establishes the ethical principles and 
commitments that the EDP Group applies in all its activities and has a comprehensive range of good 
governance and work-place conduct policies. 
 
Environmental, Social and Governance 
As part of its strategic update, in February 2021, EDP announced the investment of €24 billion for the 2021-
2025 period. 80 per cent. of this investment will be in new renewable generation installed capacity, 15 per 
cent. in networks and 5 per cent. in client solutions and energy management for leading the energy transition 
and creating superior value. 
EDP has made a number of sustainability commitments as part of its strategy which are aligned with the 
SDGs and are embedded in the business plan announced in February 2021. These commitments will drive 
the sustainability strategy and are broken down into 12 objectives under 4 categories: 
1. Leading the energy transition 
 
Clean generation: decarbonise generation thus achieving carbon neutrality and compensating 
residual CO2 emissions; 
 
Sustainable consumption: decarbonise consumption and promote low carbon and energy 
efficient product and services; 
 
Innovation and digital transformation: strengthen the focus on four innovation pillars - cleaner 
energy, smarter grids, storage and flexibility and client solutions, enhanced by a strong digital 
culture; and 
 
Just transition: promote a just transition by mobilising renewable energy investments in coal 
phase-out regions and support workers and communities in a sustainable and economically 
inclusive way. 
 
2. Protecting the environment 
 
Circular economy: accelerate the circularity of EDP's assets and business models, with a 
particular concern on water management; 
 
Natural Capital: assess and integrate natural capital into EDP's decision-making processes, 
having biodiversity protection as a main driver; and

--- Page 102 ---
- 100 - 
 
 
 
Adaptation and resilience: mitigate climate risks and reinforce EDP’s resilience to medium and 
long-term climate effects. 
 
3. Engaging with stakeholders to create a positive impact 
 
Diversity and wellbeing: provide a fair and safe workplace at EDP and build upon strong 
principles of diversity and inclusion; 
 
Sustainable business partnership: apply decarbonisation, gender equality and reporting criteria in 
the selection of materials and services and in the choice of suppliers; and 
 
Inclusive communities: contribute to a better society and local communities’ development 
through continuous social investment. 
 
4. Maintaining a strong governance structure 
 
Ethical behaviour: continue to enhance a strong ethical culture internalised in all principles and 
internal policies; and 
 
ESG governance structure: clearer link of variable compensation to ESG standards and 
shareholder value, and best practices in remuneration policy. 
 
SBTi has validated EDP's carbon neutrality targets. These targets aim at reducing combined Scope 1 and 2 
emissions (as defined in the GHG Protocol Corporate Accounting and Reporting Standard) from electricity 
generation per TWh by 98 per cent. by 2030 compared to 2015 levels. The SBTi recognises that EDP's 
decarbonisation strategy is in line with aims to contain the increase in the global average temperature to 
1.5°C. EDP has also committed to reduce Scope 3 emissions by 50 per cent. over the same period. 
EDP has also incorporated ESG criteria into the variable remuneration of the Executive Board of Directors 
under the remuneration policy.

--- Page 103 ---
- 101 - 
 
 
EDP'S OPERATING SEGMENTS 
1. 
Renewables 
Renewables capacity accounts for approximately 80 per cent.  of EDP's total installed capacity and is EDP's 
current main growth driver. Installed capacity as of December 2020 totalled 19.8 GW, including 1.2 GW 
equity of wind and solar in the United States and Iberia, and hydro in Brazil. The Group operates renewable 
energy assets in Europe (Spain, Portugal, France, Belgium, Italy, Poland, the UK, Greece and Romania), 
North America (United States, Canada and Mexico), and Latin America (Brazil and Colombia). As of 31 
December 2020, the average residual life of EDP's renewable portfolio was approximately 25 years. The 
following table provides an overview of EDP's installed renewables capacity by energy source and country 
for the years ended 31 December 2019 and 2020 (in MW). 
 
Year ended 31 December 2020 
Year ended 31 December 2019 
Total Installed Capacity 
Wind 
Onshore & 
Solar 
Hydro 
Total 
Wind 
Onshore & 
Solar 
Hydro 
Total 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Installed Capacity* ........................................................ 
11,500 
7,126 
18,626 
10,812 
8,785 
19,597 
Europe ............................................................................ 
4,769 
5,527 
10,296 
4,401 
7,186 
11,587 
Portugal ........................................................................ 
1,228 
5,076 
6,305 
1,164 
6,759 
7,924 
Spain ............................................................................ 
2,137 
451 
2,589 
1,974 
426 
2,401 
France ........................................................................... 
126 
- 
126 
53 
- 
53 
Belgium ........................................................................ 
10 
- 
10 
- 
- 
- 
Poland .......................................................................... 
476 
- 
476 
418 
- 
418 
Romania ....................................................................... 
521 
- 
521 
521 
- 
521 
Italy .............................................................................. 
271 
- 
271 
271 
- 
271 
North America ............................................................... 
6,296 
- 
6,296 
5,944 
- 
5,944 
United States ................................................................ 
5,828 
- 
5,828 
5,714 
- 
5,714 
Canada.......................................................................... 
68 
- 
68 
30 
- 
30 
México ......................................................................... 
400 
- 
400 
200 
- 
200 
Brazil .............................................................................. 
436 
1,599 
2,035 
467 
1,599 
2,066 
Equity Installed Capacity* ........................................... 
668 
551 
1,219 
550 
551 
1,101 
Europe ............................................................................ 
197 
- 
197 
152 
- 
152 
Portugal ........................................................................ 
30 
- 
30 
- 
- 
- 
Spain ............................................................................ 
167 
- 
167 
152 
- 
152 
United Kingdom .......................................................... 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
North America ............................................................... 
471 
- 
471 
398 
- 
398 
United States ................................................................ 
471 
- 
471 
398 
- 
398 
Brazil .............................................................................. 
- 
551 
551 
- 
551 
551 
 _______________  
* 
Installed Capacity refers to 100 per cent. of the installed capacity of all of EDP's consolidated assets. Equity Installed Capacity refers to the installed capacity of EDP's 
equity method stakes multiplied by EDP's percentage of ownership. 
Wind onshore, offshore and solar energy represented 12,168 MW of capacity or 61 per cent. of EDP's total 
renewable installed capacity as of 31 December 2020, with a majority of these assets located in North 
America (56 per cent.) and Europe (41 per cent.). Hydroelectric power is generated in plants predominantly 
located in Iberia (72 per cent.) and Brazil (28 per cent.). 
In the last 12 months, EDP added 1.6 GW of wind and solar capacity to its portfolio, including (i) in wind 
onshore, Harvest Ridge in the United States (200 MW), Aventura II-V in Brazil (105 MW), and the wind 
onshore assets in Spain and Portugal from the Viesgo acquisition which closed in December 2020 (511 
MW), (ii) in solar, the Los Cuervos plant in Mexico (200 MW) and (iii) in offshore, the Windfloat project 
in Portugal (10 MW equity). Also, as part of EDP's asset rotation strategy, during 2020 it completed the 
sale of (i) 137 MW in Brazil (Babilónia) in February 2020, (ii) 237 MW in Spain in December 2020, (iii) 
80 per cent. shareholding position in a portfolio of 563 MW in the United States in December 2020, of 
which 200 MW will start operations in 2021 and the remaining position is now accounted for under the 
equity method (73 MW), and (iv) 102 MW in the United States (Rosewater), following the conclusion of 
the construction and the transfer of the wind farm under the build and transfer agreement signed in February 
2019. 
EDP believes that it holds an attractive and diversified portfolio of renewable assets from a technological 
and geographic point of view. EDP's renewable energy portfolio typically has long-term contracts (either 
in the form of "PPAs", contracted tariffs or "feed-in tariffs"), which guarantee a sales price for each 
megawatt hours ("MWh") of electricity generated, thus limiting price risk of the portfolio significantly. 
Hydro capacity in Iberia, on the other hand, operates in the liberalised market, thus bearing both price and 
volume risk, although it benefits from high flexibility. In Brazil, a supportive regulatory structure with 
mostly contracted prices helps EDP's hydro assets to reduce the impact of potentially volatile weather 
conditions on its financial results, diversifying exposure to different regulatory frameworks as well as 
allowing for geographical diversification.

--- Page 104 ---
- 102 - 
 
 
EDP's hydro portfolio comprises 5,527 MW in Iberia (approximately 45 per cent. of which is pumping 
capacity) and 1,599 MW in Brazil. In Latin America, EDP additionally owns equity stakes in three hydro 
plants totalling 551 MW (Jari, Cachoeira-Caldeirão and S. Manoel, all in Brazil) and owns a minority stake 
in a hydro plant under construction in Peru (San Gaban, 78 MW net). 
EDP, through EDP Renováveis, has wind and solar projects in 14 countries: Portugal, Spain, United States, 
Brazil, Canada, Mexico, Belgium, France, Italy, Poland, Romania, the UK, Greece and Colombia. Overall, 
EDP Renováveis' capacity is long-term contracted with PPAs, feed-in tariffs or other types of incentive 
mechanisms to renewables. The most significant jurisdictions in terms of wind and solar capacity are: 
 
the United States, where typically PPAs are signed in tandem with tax incentives (production tax 
credits, for instance); 
 
Portugal, where feed-in tariffs are contracted; 
 
Spain, where volumes are sold in the liberalised market, but a premium is paid so as to compensate 
the shortfall up to a contracted return; and 
 
Brazil, where feed-in tariffs and, more recently PPAs are the standard. 
Other than EDP Renováveis' assets, the renewables segment also entails EDP's hydro capacity: 
 
In Iberia, mostly Portugal, EDP's hydro generation assets operate within the liberalised market and 
thus bear merchant risk, although EDP's hedging policy typically enables the reduction of short-
time price risk through derivatives contracting or through the vertical integration in EDP's portfolio 
of clients; and 
 
In Brazil, most of EDP's generation assets are contracted with long-term PPAs, mitigating price 
risk, although volume risk still exists nonetheless. 
EDP actively manages and continuously optimises the composition of its renewable energy portfolio by 
selling assets or holdings in accordance with its asset rotation policy, which allows it to monetise operating 
assets and redeploy capital to accelerate growth. The following table provides an overview of EDP's 
Renewables capacity additions, reductions and under construction for the year ended 31 December 2020 
(in MW). 
 
Additions in 
2020 
Reductions in 
2020 
Capacity under construction in 2020 
 
Wind Onshore 
& Solar 
Wind Onshore 
& Solar 
Wind Onshore 
& Solar 
Wind 
Offshore  
Hydro 
Total 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Installed Capacity* ...................  
1,535 
847 
2,051 
- 
- 
2,051 
Europe ........................................  
605 
237 
722 
- 
- 
722 
Portugal ....................................  
64 
- 
135 
- 
- 
135 
Spain .........................................  
401 
237 
85 
- 
- 
85 
France .......................................  
73 
- 
30 
- 
- 
30 
Belgium ....................................  
10 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
Poland .......................................  
58 
- 
292 
- 
- 
292 
Romania ...................................  
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
Italy ..........................................  
- 
- 
136 
- 
- 
136 
Greece 
- 
- 
45 
- 
- 
45 
North America ...........................  
825 
473 
970 
- 
- 
970 
United States ............................  
587 
473 
908 
- 
- 
908 
Canada ......................................  
38 
- 
62 
- 
- 
62 
México ......................................  
200 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
Brazil ..........................................  
105 
137 
359 
- 
- 
359 
Equity Installed Capacity** .....  
45 
73 
- 
311 
78 
389 
Europe ........................................  
45 
- 
- 
311 
- 
311 
Portugal ....................................  
30 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
Spain .........................................  
15 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
Belgium ....................................  
- 
- 
- 
43 
- 
43 
United Kingdom .......................  
- 
- 
- 
269 
- 
269 
North America ...........................  
- 
73 
- 
- 
- 
- 
United States ............................  
- 
73 
- 
- 
- 
- 
Brazil ..........................................  
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
Peru .............................................  
- 
- 
- 
- 
78 
78

--- Page 105 ---
- 103 - 
 
 
 _______________  
* 
Installed Capacity refers to 100 per cent. of the installed capacity of all of EDP's consolidated assets. 
** Equity Installed Capacity refers to the installed capacity of EDP's equity method stakes multiplied by EDP's percentage of 
ownership. 
As of December 2020, EDP's wind and solar capacity under construction totalled 2.4 GW, including 2.1 
GW wind onshore and solar capacity and 0.3 GW wind offshore capacity in the UK and Belgium. In North 
America, EDP has 1.0 GW of wind onshore and solar under construction, including Riverstart (200 MW) 
and Indiana Crossroads (302 MW). In Europe, EDP is building 0.7 GW of wind onshore, mainly in Poland, 
Portugal and Italy. In Brazil, EDP is building wind onshore and solar projects, totalling 359 MW. 
In January 2020, EDP entered into a 50/50 joint venture with Engie, which was subsequently approved by 
the EC on 26 February 2020, for the development of fixed and floating offshore wind assets. The new 
entity, which combines the offshore assets of EDP and Engie has a capacity of 1.5 GW under construction 
and 3.7 GW under development. 
On 12 February 2020, EDP completed the sale of its holding in an onshore wind project in Brazil with 137 
MW of installed capacity for €254 million. 
On December 2020, EDPR entered into an agreement for the acquisition of the control of the renewable 
business of Viesgo which represents a portfolio of 511 MW. 
In 2020, EDP produced 47,330 GWh of clean electricity representing 74 per cent. of its production in its 
generation portfolio (8 per cent. above 2019). The following table provides an overview of EDP's renewable 
production volumes by technology and geographies in 2020 and 2019 (in MW). 
 
Year ended 31 December 2020 
Year ended 31 December 2019 
Total Generation 
Wind 
Onshore 
& Solar 
Hydro 
Total 
Wind 
Onshore 
& Solar 
Hydro 
Total 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Electricity Generation (GWh) .......................... 
28,538 
18,792 
47,330 
30,041 
14,096 
44,137 
Europe ................................................................. 
10,025 
13,249 
23,274 
11,791 
9,967 
21,758 
Portugal ............................................................. 
2,624 
12,572 
15,196 
3,160 
9,087 
12,247 
Spain .................................................................. 
4,346 
677 
5,024 
5,298 
880 
6,178 
France ................................................................ 
212 
- 
212 
465 
- 
465 
Belgium ............................................................. 
2 
- 
2 
68 
- 
68 
Poland ................................................................ 
1,059 
- 
1,059 
1,098 
- 
1,098 
Romania ............................................................ 
1,186 
- 
1,186 
1,151 
- 
1,151 
Italy .................................................................... 
595 
- 
595 
551 
- 
551 
North America .................................................... 
17,421 
- 
17,421 
16,492 
- 
16,492 
United States ..................................................... 
16,633 
- 
16,633 
15,696 
- 
15,696 
Canada ............................................................... 
78 
- 
78 
70 
- 
70 
México ............................................................... 
710 
- 
710 
726 
- 
726 
Brazil ................................................................... 
1,093 
5,543 
6,636 
1,757 
4,129 
5,886 
Renewables North America 
In North America, installed capacity (6.3 GW) is 95 per cent. wind and 5 per cent. PV (290 MW). 
Additionally, EDP owns equity stakes in other wind and solar projects totalling 471 MW. In line with EDP's 
long term contracted growth strategy, the 825 MW additions to EDP's portfolio over the last 12 months are 
PPA contracted. In 2020, approximately 90 per cent. of total installed capacity was PPA/hedged contracted. 
Electricity production increased by 6 per cent. in 2020 compared to 2019, mainly reflecting the growth of 
average installed capacity (8 per cent. in 2020 compared to 2019) and slightly lower average load factors. 
Renewables Iberia 
In Iberia, installed capacity (8.9 GW) is split between hydro (approximately 60 per cent.) and wind and 
solar (approximately 40 per cent.). In December 2020, EDP completed the sale of six hydro plants in 
Portugal and the acquisition of the 511 MW wind portfolio from Viesgo in Spain and Portugal. Wind and 
solar output in Iberia declined by 18 per cent. in 2020 compared to 2019, to 7.0 terawatt-hour ("TWh") 
resulting from a deconsolidation of EDP's wind generation assets in July 2019 (which accounted for a 
decrease of 0.8 TWh) and lower wind resources that were 6.0 per cent. below the long-term average. As a 
result, wind and solar gross profit amounted to €575 million (a 13 per cent. decline from 2019).

--- Page 106 ---
- 104 - 
 
 
In 2020, hydro resources posted a sharp improvement, from the 19 per cent. deficit in 2019 to 3 per cent. 
below the average level in Portugal in 2020. As a result, hydro net production increased 35 per cent. 
compared to the previous year, but pool prices were downward pressured and so was the average selling 
price of hydro (a decline of 21 per cent. year-on-year, excluding hedging effect). 
Renewables in the rest of Europe 
In the rest of Europe (excluding Iberia), EDP's installed capacity is mostly focused in onshore wind (1,353 
MW), including also solar capacity in Romania (approximately 50 MW). During the last 12 months, EDP 
added 140 MW to its portfolio. Following EDP's onshore wind generation asset rotations in July 2019, 
electricity generation output declined in 2020 by 8 per cent., compared to 2019, to 3,054 GWh. This  
deconsolidation of assets overcame the positive effect of higher wind resources.  Load factors improved in 
France and Romania in 2020 compared to 2019. 
Renewables Brazil 
EDP's renewable portfolio in Brazil encompasses 2.0 GW of consolidated installed capacity, 79 per cent. 
of which is hydro majority PPA-contracted and 21 per cent. is wind onshore (PPA contracted). 
Additionally, EDP owns equity stakes in hydro plants, representing an attributable capacity of 551 MW. 
The deconsolidation of Babilonia wind farm in February 2020 impacted year-on-year wind operating 
performance due to its weight in EDP's capacity portfolio (137 MW), higher average load factor and lower 
PPA price. Excluding this change in consolidation perimeter, wind output was broadly stable at 1,093 GWh. 
Wind resources were 6 per cent. short of average, justifying a load factor of 38 per cent. (compared to 
43 per cent. in 2019).

--- Page 107 ---
- 105 - 
 
 
2. 
Networks 
EDP's Networks operating segment comprises activities related to electricity distribution in the Iberian 
Peninsula and Brazil, as well as the Group's electricity transmission operations in Brazil. 
Electricity distribution is an activity regulated under licenses or concessions. Since these activities are 
highly regulated, they provide long-term stable and predictable cash flow streams as well as significant 
growth prospects in the context of the energy transition. 
EDP's electricity distribution grid extends over 375,777 km as of 31 December 2020. During 2020, EDP 
distributed 76,272 GWh of electricity to over 11,274 supply points. EDP's distribution grid does not include 
gas distribution, which EDP discontinued in 2017 following the disposal of all of its gas distribution assets 
in Spain and Portugal. 
The following table provides an overview of key operational indicators of EDP's Networks business as of 
31 December 2019 and 2020: 
 
31 December 2020 
31 December 2019 
 
Network 
length 
(km) 
Distributed 
Volume 
(GWh) 
Supply 
points 
('000) 
Network 
length 
(km) 
Distributed 
Volume 
(GWh) 
Supply 
points 
('000) 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Distribution Networks .................  
375,777 
76,272 
11,274 
340,744 
79,519 
10,470 
Portugal .......................................  
229,168 
44,143 
6,302 
226,823 
45,666 
6,277 
Spain ............................................  
52,492 
7,559 
1,371 
20,766 
8,262 
668 
Brazil ...........................................  
94,118 
24,570 
3,601 
93,155 
25,591 
3,524 
Transmission Networks 
316 
- 
- 
113 
- 
- 
Brazil 
316 
- 
- 
113 
- 
- 
Revenue for electricity distributors in Portugal, Spain and Brazil is determined by a remuneration 
framework based on regulatory asset base ("RAB"). Under this model, regulators approximate how much 
money a distribution network company has invested in the energy infrastructure network and recognises a 
return on that investment. The aggregate RAB of the Group's distribution networks amounted to 
approximately €6 billion as of 31 December 2020 (76 per cent. based in Iberia and 24 per cent. in Brazil), 
an increase of 7 per cent. from 2019. This remuneration framework is thus mostly dependent of the 
investment on RAB and the return allowed on the investments. Investments are allowed by the regulator 
under a specific benchmark or set of assumptions for cost of investment and the network operators may 
either outperform or underperform such benchmark. Demand bears little impact on the remuneration of 
distribution in Portugal and none in Spain, while for Brazil its impact is more significant, even though a 
remuneration framework on RAB is still followed. 
Distribution in Iberia 
Portugal 
Electricity Distribution 
EDP Distribuição is EDP's regulated electricity distribution company in Portugal, which operates under a 
public service concession. Within the scope of its activity, EDP Distribuição performs approximately 95 
per cent. of the electricity distribution in Portugal. 
EDP Distribuição had over 229,000 km of network in Portugal on 31 December 2020, (an increase of 1 per 
cent. year-on-year), of which 78 per cent. corresponds to overhead lines and 22 per cent. to underground 
lines. 
For the year ended 31 December 2020, the volume of electricity distributed declined by 3 per cent. to 44,143 
GWh from 45,666 GWh in 2019, mainly due to the negative effect of the COVID-19 pandemic. EDP had 
6.3 million supply points in 2020, a 0.4 per cent. increase compared to the previous year. 
Service quality 
The quality of EDP's technical service, monitored by the Energy Services Regulatory Authority ("ERSE"), 
is measured by the indicator "installed capacity equivalent interruption time" ("ICEIT"), which measures

--- Page 108 ---
- 106 - 
 
 
the specific amount of interruption time under EDP's control. In 2020, ICEIT increased 7 per cent. year-
on-year to 60 minutes, remaining below the regulator's benchmark. 
EDP continued to invest in the maintenance of its systems and continues to undertake new technical and 
organisational initiatives, which have enabled its distribution network to function properly despite adverse 
weather conditions. EDP is particularly focused on Portuguese regions that have historically recorded 
comparatively lower levels of quality of service, for which it has devised specific improvement plans that 
include maintenance, restructuring and strengthening of networks. 
Innovation 
The transition towards a smarter network is a key enabling factor of the energy transition and an 
increasingly important part of EDP's strategy. To increase efficiency, reduce costs and improve the quality 
of supply, while also allowing for distributed generation and servicing of electric vehicles, EDP developed 
InovGrid. InovGrid is an innovative project that seeks to introduce advanced metering infrastructure 
improvements to its network management capability in Portugal through the use of smart meters. EDP 
believes that InovGrid will bring significant benefits to customers, with increased control over energy 
consumed, increased flexibility of tariffs and value added services. 
During 2019, EDP installed 630,000 EDP Boxes smart meters ("EBs") in Portugal, resulting in a total 
installed base of 3.2 million EBs as of 31 December 2020. 
In addition to smart metering, EDP is introducing remote metering in all locations of transformers and 
public lighting circuits. It has also installed distribution transformer controllers ("DTC") to monitor the grid 
in low-voltage substations. As of 31 December 2020, there were approximately 27,000 DTCs installed in 
Portugal, of which around 5,000 units were installed between 1 January and 31 December 2020. 
Operational Efficiency 
The increase in operational efficiency at EDP Distribuição has allowed more customers to be served and 
more energy distributed with fewer employees. At EDP Distribuição, the ratio of supply points per 
employee, frequently used as a measure of productivity in distribution companies, increased from 1,052 in 
2004 to 2,147 for the year ended 31 December 2020. The energy distributed per employee as of 
31 December 2020 was 15.0 GWh compared to 7.4 GWh in 2004. 
Last Resort Supplier 
Under Portuguese law, transitory last resort supply tariffs are available to encourage Portuguese customers 
to switch to the liberalised natural gas and electricity markets. Customers can nevertheless opt for a 
regulated tariff even if they have moved to the liberalised market. 
In Portugal, EDP supplies electricity in the regulated market through SU Eletricidade, formerly EDP 
Serviço Universal, S.A.. The prices that SU Eletricidade charges for the electricity supplied to the customers 
remaining in the regulated market are uniform throughout mainland Portugal and subject to extensive 
regulation. Revenues for last resort suppliers comprise different components according to the regulated 
activity: (i) the costs with the purchase and sale of energy and the access to the networks are fully recovered 
and recognised in the regulated cost base; and (ii) the operational expenditure for the commercialisation 
activity, which is subject to a price-cap mechanism, with an efficiency factor of 1.5 per cent. Total clients 
supplied by SU Eletricidade in the year ended 31 December 2020 declined by 7 per cent. to 965,000  from 
1.0 million as of 31 December 2019. Volumes supplied by SU Eletricidade fell from 2.7 TWh in 2019 to 
2.4 TWh in the year ended 31 December 2020. 
EDP Gás SU is the entity responsible for the supply of natural gas in the regulated market. As of 
31 December 2020, EDP Gás SU had 34,0000  customers and supplied 167 GWh during 2019 a reduction 
of 8 per cent. and 17 per cent. year-on-year, respectively, mainly due to the switch from customers to the 
liberalised market.

--- Page 109 ---
- 107 - 
 
 
The following table provides an overview of the last resort supply customers and energy volumes as of 
31 December 2020 and 2019: 
 
Year ended 31 December 2020 
Year ended 31 December 2019 
 
Customers 
('000) 
Energy 
Supplied 
(GWh) 
Customers 
('000) 
Energy Supplied 
(GWh) 
 
 
 
 
 
Electricity ...................................................... 
965 
2,413 
1,034 
2,658 
Gas ................................................................. 
34 
167 
37 
202 
Spain 
Electricity Distribution 
EDP España is EDP's Spanish regulated electricity distribution company that operates under a public 
service license. EDP España has an electricity distribution network covering the regions of Asturias 
(representing a large majority of its network), Cantabria, Murcia, the Basque Country, Madrid, Valencia, 
Catalonia and Aragon, totalling 52,492 km on 31 December 2020. 
On December 2020, EDP completed the acquisition of Viesgo, a Spanish company. This transaction 
includes the establishment of a long-term partnership with MSCIF for electricity distribution business in 
Spain, to be 75.1 per cent. owned by EDP and 24.9 per cent. by MSCIF. This partnership will own three 
electricity distribution companies: E-Redes (previously 100 per cent. owned by EDP), Viesgo Distribución 
and Begasa (currently 100 per cent. owned by Viesgo). This enlarged electricity distribution operation in 
Spain represented a total regulated asset base of €1.7 billion in 2020. 
The volume of electricity distributed by the Group in Spain fell 9 per cent. to 7,559 GWh in 2020 from 
8,262 GWh in 2019, largely due to a change in the energy mix used by a large industrial client. As of 31 
December 2020, EDP España's electricity distribution business had approximately 1,371,000 supply points 
a 105 per cent. increase compared to the previous year. 
Service Quality 
Investments made in recent years together with the continuous employment of good work practices have 
resulted in a decrease in supply interruptions over the period under review. Despite the challenging 
topographic characteristics in most of its market, EDP believes that EDP España is a leader in service 
quality in the Spanish electricity system. In 2020, ICEIT decreased 11 minutes compared to the same period 
last year, to 15 minutes. 
Efficiency of operations 
The results of EDP España's distribution network reflect the Group's continued efforts to maintain a high 
level of efficiency. In the electricity distribution area, productivity in the year ended 31 December 2020 
was 11.9 GWh distributed per employee and 2,166 supply points per employee. 
Distribution in Brazil 
Electricity Distribution 
Power transmission and distribution activities are natural monopolies in Brazil. Most Brazilian power 
distribution consumers are still legally obliged to purchase energy from the local distribution companies to 
which they are connected. As such, the regulated electricity market in Brazil is composed mainly of 
distribution companies and captive consumers whose commercial relationship is fully regulated by the 
Brazilian National Electric Energy Agency ("ANEEL"). 
EDP's distribution activities in Brazil are carried out by two concessionaires, EDP São Paulo and EDP 
Espírito Santo which together serve more than 3.6 million customers. EDP São Paulo distributes electricity 
in 28 cities in Alto Tietê, Vale do Paraíba and regions of the north coast in São Paulo State and EDP Espírito 
Santo performs its activity in 70 cities in Espírito Santo State, which represents 90 per cent. of the territory 
of Espírito Santo.

--- Page 110 ---
- 108 - 
 
 
Distributed electricity in Brazil declined 5 per cent. in 2020 compared to 2019, mainly due to the 12 per 
cent. year-on-year fall in the second quarter of 2020 due to COVID-19, which was partially offset by a 2 
per cent. recovery in consumption rates in the fourth quarter of 2020 in EDP's concession areas. There was 
also an increase in the number of supply points, to 3.6 million in 2020 compared to 3.5 million in the 
previous year. 
Service Quality 
Equivalent Interruption Duration per Customer ("DEC") measures the time a customer has run out of 
electricity in a given period. ANEEL sets limits for this indicator and requires distribution companies to 
maintain a minimum level of service quality. To this end, EDP conducts regular preventive maintenance 
inspections and improvement measures to reduce the number of faults in the electricity grid and ensure the 
rapid recovery of operation in case of a fault. 
In year ended 31 December 2020, EDP Brasil posted stable results, with DEC 7.2 hours for EDP São Paulo 
(from 7.0 hours in 2019) and 7.9 hours for EDP Espírito Santo (from 8.2 hours in 2019) in compliance with 
ANEEL standards. 
Electricity transmission in Brazil 
The electricity system in Brazil is connected by transmission lines that transport electricity produced in 
remote areas of Brazil to major consumers' markets, mainly located in the south-east of the country. The 
grid is actually managed by the Operator of the National Electricity System, a non-profit entity responsible 
for the coordination and control of generation and transmission installations in the National Interconnected 
System to reduce global costs and enhance security of supply, especially during dry seasons. 
In April 2017, EDP Brasil strengthened its position in the Brazilian electric transmission market by winning 
a concession to operate four additional electricity transmission lines in a regulated area. Adding the 
transmission line concession awarded in 2016, EDP Brasil is expected to invest R$3.1 billion in the 
construction of approximately 1,300km of new transmission lines in the states of Santa Catarina, São Paulo, 
Minas Gerais, Espírito Santo and Maranhão. 
On 23 December 2018, transmission line "24" began its commercial operation, nearly 20 months ahead of 
ANEEL's schedule. Transmission line "24", consists of a 113 km transmission line in the state of Espírito 
Santo, and was awarded to EDP through an auction process on 28 October 2016. 
On 28 May 2019, EDP announced the acquisition of transmission line with a total length of 142 km and 
two sub-stations, from CEE Power and Brafer, for R$407 million, including acquisition price and 
investment amount. 
In December 2020, EDP held 25.4 per cent. of the total shares of CELESC, the electricity utility company 
for the southern Brazilian state of Santa Catarina. At the date of this Base Prospectus, EDP has increased 
its stake in CELESC reaching 28.8 per cent.. 
In December 2020, EDP had two of its six transmission lines in operation, representing 316 km.

--- Page 111 ---
- 109 - 
 
 
3. 
Clients Solutions and Energy Management 
The Clients Solutions and Energy Management segment includes customer services, energy trading and 
thermal generation in Portugal, Spain and Brazil. 
Clients Solutions and Energy Management in Iberia 
For the year ended 31 December 2020, EDP supplied 27,447 GWh of electricity to approximately 
4.1 million customers and 16,708 GWh of gas to approximately 657,000 customers in Iberia. The following 
table sets forth EDP's electricity and gas customer base in Iberia as of 31 December 2020 and 31 December 
2019, as well as volumes sold during 2020 and 2019. 
 
31 December 2020 
31 December 2019 
 
Electricity 
Gas 
Electricity 
Gas 
 
B2B 
B2C 
B2B 
B2C 
B2B 
B2C 
B2B 
B2C 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Customers ('000) ....................... 
147 
3,908 
9 
648 
161 
4,881 
9 
1,501 
Portugal ....................................... 
125 
3,908 
4 
648 
138 
3,966 
3 
655 
Spain ............................................ 
22 
- 
6 
- 
23 
915 
6 
845 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Energy Supplied (GWh) ........... 
15,333 
12,114 
11,743 
4,964 
17,469 
12,427 
12,964 
5,975 
Portugal ....................................... 
6,915 
10,180 
2,423 
1,704 
7,690 
10,305 
1,974 
1,819 
Spain ............................................ 
8,418 
1,934 
9,320 
3,260 
9,779 
2,122 
10,990 
4,156 
Excluding the impact from the disposal of EDP's B2C portfolio in Spain to Total, S.A. in December 2020, 
the number of electricity clients in Portugal and Spain (B2B only) slightly decreased, as EDP maintains its 
focus on service quality and is leveraging on its customer portfolio to increase the share of wallet. 
EDP believes that its energy services business will play an increasingly important role in retaining 
customers and in creating value for EDP and its customers. EDP is focused on designing and implementing 
value-added solutions for B2B and B2C customers, from energy efficiency and microgeneration, to 
electricity quality monitoring and maintenance of electrical equipment. The penetration rate of new services 
increased by 38 per cent. year-on-year to 26.1 per cent. in December 2020, as a consequence of a 5 per 
cent. increase in the number of Funciona clients and also the deconsolidation of a portfolio of B2C clients 
with lower service penetration. EDP keeps growing into new energy solutions involving its clients in the 
energy transition and, in 2020, EDP installed approximately 15,000 distributed solar panels (a 70 per cent. 
increase compared to 2019) in Portugal B2C. 
In total, the amount of electricity supplied in 2020 decreased by 8 per cent. This was mainly driven by the 
B2B segment which was down 12 per cent. on 2019, heavily impacted by the slower economic activity 
during the lockdowns resulting from COVID-19. Demand in the B2C segment was also impacted by the 
deconsolidation of these assets on 1 December 2020. 
Portugal 
Supply of Electricity and Natural Gas 
EDP currently holds the leading position in the Portuguese electricity supply domestic market, according 
to ERSE, and supplies electricity and natural gas to customers in the liberalised market through EDP 
Comercial. 
Supply in the liberalised market 
The electricity sold by EDP Comercial in 2020 amounted to 17,095 GWh, compared to 17,995 GWh in 
2019. As at 31 December 2020, the number of customers was approximately 4,033 thousand, compared to 
4,104 thousand customers at 31 December 2019. This decrease in customers is a function of price 
competition in the supply market. 
Regarding gas supply, EDP's successful dual offer (electricity and gas) to residential and small B2C, 
continued steadily. EDP Comercial's B2C gas customers in the year ended 31 December 2020 stood at 
648,000  compared to 655,000 in the year ended 31 December 2019.

--- Page 112 ---
- 110 - 
 
 
Spain 
Supply of Electricity and Natural Gas 
In Spain, EDP supplies electricity and natural gas to customers in the liberalised market through EDP 
España and EDP Comercializadora, while last resort customers are supplied by EDP Comercializadora de 
Último Recurso S.A. 
Supply in the liberalised market 
The electricity sold by EDP Comercializadora in 2020 amounted to 10,352 GWh, compared to 11,901 GWh 
in 2019. As at 31 December 2020, the number of customers was approximately 22,000, compared to  
approximately 937,000 customers as at 31 December 2019.  
The volume of gas supplied by EDP Comercializadora in 2020 amounted to 12,581 GWh, compared to 
15,147 GWh in 2019. As at 31 December 2020, the number of customers was approximately 6,000, 
compared to approximately 851,000 customers as at 31 December 2019.  
The reduction in customers and supply volume in 2020 was the result of EDP's sale of its respective B2B 
and B2C portfolio to Total, S.A. in December 2020. 
Thermal Generation and Energy Management in Iberia 
EDP's thermal generation assets in Iberia have an aggregate total maximum capacity of 6.2 GW as of 31 
December 2020. CCGTs represent 59 per cent. of total maximum capacity, followed by coal plants (38 per 
cent.), nuclear plants (2 per cent.) and cogeneration plants (1 per cent.). 
The following table sets forth EDP's thermal installed capacity as of 31 December 2020 and 31 December 
2019, as well as electricity generation from its thermal infrastructure during 2020 and 2019. 
 
Year ended 31 December 2020 
Year ended 31 December 2019 
 
CCGT 
Coal 
Nuclear 
Cogeneration 
and Waste 
Total 
CCGT 
Coal 
Nuclear 
Cogeneration 
and Waste 
Total 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Installed Capacity ......................... 
2,886 
1,970 
156 
42 
5,053 
3,729 
3,150 
156 
49 
7,084 
Portugal .......................................... 
2,031 
- 
- 
17 
2,049 
2,031 
1,180 
- 
24 
3,236 
Spain ............................................... 
854 
1,250 
156 
25 
2,285 
1,698 
1,250 
156 
25 
3,128 
Brazil 
- 
720 
- 
- 
720 
- 
720 
- 
- 
720 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Equity Installed Capacity ............ 
- 
- 
- 
10 
10 
- 
- 
- 
10 
10 
Portugal .......................................... 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
Spain ............................................... 
- 
- 
- 
10 
10 
- 
- 
- 
10 
10 
Power generation is a liberalised activity in Iberia. EDP sells its thermal electricity output in Mercado 
Ibérico de Electricidade – Iberian Electricity Market ("MIBEL") directly to energy consumers at spot 
market prices set on a daily basis. 
Iberia 
EDP's thermal generation infrastructure in Portugal consist of four power plants. The largest is a coal-fired 
plant located in Sines, with an installed capacity of 1,180 MW, which was contracted by PPA / CMEC until 
30 June 2017 and is now in operation in the liberalised market. The other plants are CCGT installations 
located in Carregado (CCGT do Ribatejo with an installed capacity of 1,169 MW) and Figueira da Foz 
(Lares I and Lares II with an installed capacity of 863 MW). To reduce emissions from its existing thermal 
power plants, EDP installed the DeSOx and DeNOx equipment in Sines. 
Production in 2020 decreased 18 per cent. compared to 2019, largely explained by the reduction in coal 
output (a 41 per cent. year-on-year decrease) leading to a 14 per cent. decrease in the load factor of EDP's 
coal plants to 20 per cent. in 2020. The Sines coal plant ceased production in late December 2020, after 
completing the forced burning of coal stocks during the second half of 2020. Decommissioning works 
started on 15 January 2021. Slightly lower CCGT output (a decrease of 4 per cent. compared to 2019) 
reflected the lower residual thermal demand and deconsolidation of Castejón power plants in the beginning 
of December 2020. 
As of 31 December 2020, EDP España had a total installed thermal capacity of 2,285 MW. CCGT power 
installations accounted for 1,698MW, coal-fired plants for 1,250 MW, and cogeneration and biomass plants

--- Page 113 ---
- 111 - 
 
 
for 25 MW. EDP also holds a minority participation in Central Nuclear Trillo I, A.I.E., which owns the 
nuclear power plant in Trillo, corresponding to 156 MW of the plant's net capacity of 1,003 MW. In line 
with the objective of reducing emissions from its existing thermal power plants, approximately 72 per cent. 
of EDP's coal portfolio in Spain owned DeSOx / DeNOx equipment on 31 December 2020. 
In December 2020, EDP completed the disposal to a subsidiary of Total, S.A. of: (i) two combined cycle 
gas turbine power plants (Castejón I and III), with 843 MW of installed capacity located in Navarra, North 
of Spain; and (ii) EDP's B2C energy supply business in Spain, which included 1.2 million clients in the free 
market. In addition, EDP and CIDE reached an agreement for the acquisition by CIDE of EDP's 50 per 
cent. stake in CHC, which was completed in February 2021.  
Energy Transition 
The acceleration of the energy transition process in recent years has led to a material deterioration of the 
operating outlook for coal plants in the Iberian market. The competitiveness of these assets is negatively 
impacted by the higher cost of CO2 emissions, lower gas prices and the planned faster growth pace of 
renewable installed capacity. As a result, EDP has decided to anticipate the shutdown process of its coal 
power plants in Iberia. However, EDP continues to develop the following projects where its coal plants are 
located: 
(i) 
Sines: a generation license waiver statement was obtained and has been effective since January 
2021. For this site, EDP has developed, in consortium with other companies, a project for the 
production of green hydrogen. This project has potential to export green hydrogen by sea and is 
within the scope of the EC's "Important Project of Common European Interest";  
(ii) 
Soto de Ribera 3: EDP anticipates a shutdown date for the plant during the course of 2021. EDP is 
analysing the development of what it believes is an innovative project of energy storage for this 
site; and 
(iii) 
Aboño: EDP is in the process of converting the licence from a coal power plant to a furnace gas 
power plant. 
Clients Solutions, Thermal Generation and Energy Management in Brazil 
Clients and Energy Management 
EDP supplies electricity in the liberalised market in Brazil through EDP Comercializadora de Energia, 
which operates both inside and outside the concession areas of the two distributors of EDP Brasil that 
operate in the regulated market. 
EDP Comercializadora de Energia supplied 25,554 GWh in the year ended 31 December 2020, compared 
to 24,036 GWh in the previous year. The 6 per cent. decrease in electricity supplied is due to a decline in 
captive market customers, which have switched to other suppliers in the liberalised market, due primarily 
to price competition. 
EDP Grid and APS are EDP Brasil's business units leading the transition to the low carbon economy. The 
business operates based on the assumption that it is possible to reduce energy consumption by installing 
more efficient equipment and developing energy generation and cogeneration projects with less polluting 
alternative sources, prioritising the reuse of waste. EDP Grid is also responsible for the 'Group's solar energy 
operations in Brazil. 
Thermal Generation and Energy Management in Brazil 
EDP's thermal generation infrastructure in Brazil is concentrated in the Pecém 720 MW coal power plant 
located in the Ceará state. The plant has a PPA for remuneration according to availability of the plant 
thermal technical availability decreased from 95 per cent. in 2019 to 92 per cent. in 2020, largely as a result 
of the Group's efforts to improve operation and maintenance standards above the regulatory target of 83.75 
per cent. 
EDP's thermal generation plant, Pecém I, was not used from April to August 2020, and was only used 
during three days in September 2020, as a result of lower electricity demand and better hydro conditions in 
the northeast of Brazil. As the economy recovered in the fourth quarter of 2020, amidst dry weather,

--- Page 114 ---
- 112 - 
 
 
generation activity increased and the load factor of Pecém I increased to 67 per cent. Nevertheless, 
providing this plant is PPA remunerated based on availability, results tend to be stable and less dependent 
on actual production. 
EDP'S OTHER ACTIVITIES 
EDP also has financial interests in other energy and non-energy related assets, notably a 10.6 per cent. 
indirect interest in Companhia de Electricidade de Macau – CEM, S.A. which is a utility company that acts 
as the exclusive concessionaire for transmission, distribution and supply of electricity in the Macau Special 
Administrative Region since 1985. 
EDP also owns 50 per cent. in a co-controlled joint venture with China Three Gorges Corporation since 
2015, Hydro Global Investment, Ltda. ("Hydro Global") which is headquartered in Hong Kong. Hydro 
Global invests in hydro power projects in selected emerging markets.

--- Page 115 ---
- 113 - 
 
 
LITIGATION 
At any given time, EDP and its subsidiaries may be party to litigation or subject to non-litigated claims 
arising out of the normal operations of its global business. These legal, arbitration or other actions involve 
customers, suppliers, employees, administrative, central, municipal, tax, environmental or other authorities. 
In addition to such matters listed below,  
Holders should refer to Note 29 (Provisions) and Note 4 (Critical accounting estimates and judgements in 
preparing the financial statements) to the H1 2021 EDP Financial Statements and Note 36 (Provisions) and 
Note 4 (Critical accounting estimates and judgements in preparing financial statements) to the 2020 EDP 
Financial Statements. 
Investigation regarding the early termination of certain PPAs, the costs for the maintenance of the 
CMEC and certain payments made in relation to its rights in respect of the Public Hydro Domain 
concession 
In 2003, changes in EU legislation occurred aiming to deepen the liberalisation of the energy sector. In 
parallel, the government of Portugal and Spain assumed the commitment for the implementation of MIBEL. 
Aiming to achieve such objectives, the Decree-Law no. 240/2004 was published, which provided for the 
early termination of the PPAs that were signed in 1996. As a result of this required early termination, EDP 
and REN - Rede Eléctrica Nacional, S.A. ("REN") agreed in 2005, subject to a set of conditions (and with 
amendments in 2007), to the early termination of their long-term PPAs, with effect on the date in which 
such conditions were met (meaning 1 July 2007). One of such conditions was the grant of the right of use 
for the Public Hydro Domain ("DPH") until the useful life of the equipment and of the civil infrastructures, 
for each hydroelectric power plant. The methodology which was used to determine the amount of the 
compensation that EDP was entitled to receive in connection with such early termination, the CMEC, was 
approved by the EC in 2004 (Decision N161/2004) which considered the compensation as effectively and 
strictly necessary. Moreover, Decree-Law no. 240/2004 was passed under legislative authorisation by the 
Portuguese parliament. 
On 8 March 2008, following the provision of Decree-Law no. 226-A/2007 that targeted the regularisation 
of historic rights regarding the use of DPH, the Portuguese government, REN and EDP Gestão da Produção 
signed several service concession arrangements for which EDP Produção paid €759 million as 
consideration of the economic and financial balance for the use of the DPH (including hydro resources tax, 
amounting to €55 million). The additional payment obligation did not exist within the 2004 legal framework 
that granted to hydroelectric power plants holders the option to continue to exploit such plants until the end 
of the respective useful life. 
In 2012, the EC and the Portuguese authorities ("Public Prosecution Services") received complaints 
concerning the early termination of the PPAs and the methodology of the costs for the CMEC, as well as 
in respect of EDP's rights to use the DPH. 
Following the complaint received, the EC requested clarifications from the Portuguese state in relation to 
the early termination of the PPAs and its replacement for the CMEC, having concluded in September 2013 
that the compensation payments received for early termination did not exceed what was necessary to repay 
the shortfall in investment costs repayable over the asset's lifetime, and determined that the implementation 
of the CMEC remains in keeping with the terms notified to and approved by the EC in 2004. Thus, the EC 
decided that no in-depth investigation into the CMEC process was required. Nevertheless, in the same 
document, the EC considered relevant to perform in-depth investigation regarding the concession rights of 
DPH by EDP plants. 
On 15 May 2017, the EC formally concluded its in-depth investigation into the DPH concession rights 
concluding that the compensation paid by EDP was compatible with market conditions. The EC also 
concluded that the financial methodology used to assess the price of the concessions was appropriate and 
resulted in a fair market price, and therefore, no state aid had been granted to EDP. 
As such, EDP believes that the amounts due for the termination of PPAs under the CMEC and the amount 
paid for the DPH concession rights were fair and in compliance with market conditions and based on arm's 
length transactions.

--- Page 116 ---
- 114 - 
 
 
On 2 June 2017, EDP became aware of Portugal's Public Prosecution Services investigation 
("Investigation") in relation to the amounts due to EDP for the termination of the PPAs and compensation 
paid by EDP for the DPH concessions (in the context of which EDP allegedly has been favoured in the 
amount of €1.2 billion, of which: (i) €339.5 million allegedly relate to the use of inadequate interest rates 
in the calculation and tariff repercussion of the initial CMEC; (ii) €852 million allegedly relate to the use 
of incorrect interest rates in the valuation of the DPH; and (iii) €55 million allegedly relate to a supposed 
"pardon" of the water resources tax). Portugal's Public Prosecution Services stated that the Investigation 
relates to possible crimes of active and passive corruption and economic participation in business and it 
conducted searches at the offices of EDP, grid operator REN and the local division of a consulting group. 
In the context of the Investigation, the Portuguese Public Prosecution Services stated that Mr. António Luís 
Guerra Nunes Mexia and Mr. João Manuel Manso Neto, then chairman and member of the Executive Board 
of Directors of EDP– Energias de Portugal, S.A., respectively, as well as former EDP directors that had 
signed the relevant contracts, were named as targets of the Investigation. 
On 5 June 2020, EDP – Energias de Portugal, S.A.'s then Chairman of the Executive Board of Directors, 
Mr. António Luís Guerra Nunes Mexia, and then Member of the Executive Board of Directors of EDP Mr. 
João Manuel Manso Neto, were notified of the Public Prosecution Services' proposals to the Portuguese 
Central Court of Criminal Investigation (the "Court") regarding a review of the measures of constraint 
against such individuals in connection with the Investigation. The proposed measures being sought by the 
Public Prosecution Services included the suspension of their functions as members of the Executive Board 
of Directors of EDP – Energias de Portugal, S.A. and its subsidiaries. 
On 6 July 2020, the Court adopted the measures of constraint being sought by the Public Prosecution 
Services and Mr. António Luís Guerra Nunes Mexia and Mr. João Manuel Manso Neto were suspended 
from their functions at EDP – Energias de Portugal, S.A. and its subsidiaries. The Investigation continues 
in the inquiry phase and neither Mr. António Luís Guerra Nunes Mexia nor Mr. João Manuel Manso Neto 
have been formally charged. 
On 6 July 2020, the General and Supervisory Board and the Executive Board of Directors designated Mr. 
Miguel Stilwell de Andrade as Interim (now effective) Chairman of the Executive Board of Directors of 
EDP – Energias de Portugal, S.A. while Mr. António Luís Guerra Nunes Mexia was suspended, in addition 
to his former role as Chief Financial Officer. 
On 30 November 2020, and as disclosed to the market on such date, EDP received a letter from Mr. António 
Mexia, suspended Chief Executive Officer, and a letter from Mr. João Manso Neto, suspended Member of 
the Executive Board of Directors, informing EDP – Energias de Portugal, S.A. of their unavailability to 
join any candidate list to the corporate bodies of EDP for the upcoming term-of-office (2021-2023). 
On 19 January 2021, an Extraordinary General Shareholders’ Meeting was held, and a new management 
team was appointed to the Executive Board of Directors, for the 2021-2023 triennium. 
As the Investigation is ongoing, there can be no assurance as to its ultimate outcome, including whether 
any formal charges will be brought against Mr. António Luís Guerra Nunes Mexia, Mr. João Manuel Manso 
Neto or any other persons or entities. It is not possible to predict any outcome at this stage in the process.  
In the context of the Investigation, EDP– Energias de Portugal, S.A. has been named as a defendant 
regarding the alleged improper hiring of the father of the former energy secretary of state, Mr. Artur 
Trindade 
On 13 July 2020, EDP was notified that, in the context of the Investigation, the Public Prosecution Services 
has requested that EDP be named as a defendant – under articles 374 (active corruption) and 374-A 
(qualification) of the Portuguese Penal Code – in connection with the alleged improper hiring of the father 
of the former Energy Secretary of State, Mr. Artur Trindade (also named Artur Trindade) as an external 
consultant to EDP's Institutional Relations and Stakeholders Department, between 2012 and 2016.  
According to the notification, the Public Prosecution Services proposed to convene a hearing of EDP –
Energias de Portugal, S.A.'s legal representative. As to this date, such diligence has already occurred and 
EDP – Energias de Portugal, S.A. was named as a defendant in the context of such Investigation. 
As the investigation is ongoing, there can be no assurance as to its ultimate outcome, including whether 
any charges will be brought against EDP – Energias de Portugal, S.A. by the Public Prosecution Services.

--- Page 117 ---
- 115 - 
 
 
REGULATORY FRAMEWORK 
EUROPEAN ENERGY POLICY 
1. 
Clean Energy for All Europeans 
The EU has issued a comprehensive update to its energy policy framework to facilitate the transition from 
fossil fuels towards cleaner energy and to deliver on the EU's Paris Agreement commitments ("COP21") 
for reducing greenhouse gas ("GHG") emissions. 
On 30 November 2016, the EC presented a package proposal, known as the Clean Energy for All Europeans 
("CEP"), which marks a significant step towards the implementation of the energy union strategy, adopted 
under the Paris Agreement in 2015, and to keep the EU competitive during the clean energy transition. CEP 
consists of eight legislative acts comprising five main areas: (i) Energy Efficiency, (ii) Renewables, (iii) 
Market Design, (iv) Security of Supply and (v) Governance, with three key goals: (i) putting energy 
efficiency first, (ii) achieving leadership in renewable energies and (iii) providing a fair deal for consumers. 
After two years of debate, the EC, the European Council and the European Parliament reached a political 
agreement on the CEP. These eight legislative acts were already published in the Official Journal ("OJ") 
of the EU (after publication in the OJ, Regulations apply directly to all EU Member-States while Directives 
have to be transposed into national law): 
 
On 19 June 2018, Directive 2018/844 of the European Parliament and of the Council of 30 May 
2018, amending Directive 2010/31/EU on the energy performance of buildings and Directive 
2012/27/EU on energy efficiency; 
 
On 21 December 2018, Regulation (EU) 2018/1999 of the European Parliament and of the Council 
of 11 December 2018 on the Governance of the Energy Union and Climate Action; 
 
On 21 December 2018, Directive (EU) 2018/2001 of the European Parliament and of the Council 
of 11 December 2018 on the promotion of the use of energy from renewable sources (recast); 
 
On 21 December 2018, Directive (EU) 2018/2002 of the European Parliament and of the Council 
of 11 December 2018 amending Directive 2012/27/EU on energy efficiency; 
 
On 14 June 2019, Regulation (EU) 2019/941 of the European Parliament and of the Council of 5 
June 2019 on risk-preparedness in the electricity sector and repealing Directive 2005/89/EC; 
 
On 14 June 2019, Regulation (EU) 2019/942 of the European Parliament and of the Council of 5 
June 2019 establishing a European Union Agency for the Cooperation of Energy Regulators; 
 
On 14 June 2019, Regulation (EU) 2019/943 of the European Parliament and of the Council of 5 
June 2019 on the internal market for electricity; and 
 
On 14 June 2019, Directive (EU) 2019/944 of the European Parliament and of the Council of 5 
June 2019 on common rules for the internal market for electricity and amending Directive 
2012/27/EU. 
The changes in the EU energy policy framework intend to bring considerable benefits from a consumer 
perspective, from an environmental perspective and from an economic perspective. It also underlines EU 
leadership in tackling global warming and aims to provide an important contribution to the EU's long-term 
strategy of achieving carbon neutrality by 2050. 
Renewable Energy 
The promotion of electricity from renewable energy sources ("RES") is a priority in the EU for purposes 
of security and diversification of energy supply, environmental protection and social and economic 
development. On the Climate Action policy area, one of the main goals is to make the EU a global leader 
in renewables, in compliance with the Paris Agreement. CEP establishes the following targets for RES: (i) 
binding RES target of 32 per cent. by 2030 at EU level, with a review clause by 2023 for a possible upward 
revision; (ii) no country-specific targets, but through governance legislation there will be three intermediate 
points (18 per cent. of the 2030 target must be met by 2022, 43 per cent. by 2025 and 65 per cent. by 2027)

--- Page 118 ---
- 116 - 
 
 
to be achieved at national and EU level; and (iii) the annual increase of energy from renewable sources in 
heating and cooling will be 1.3 per cent. indicatively, or 1.1 per cent. if waste heat is not taken into account. 
Those Member States which fall below their reference points for renewable energy will have to cover the 
gap by implementing measures at national level within one year following assessment. They can opt for: 
(i) presenting additional measures to accelerate renewable installed capacity; (ii) increase percentage RES 
in heating and cooling or in transports; (iii) use financing platform; (iv) make a voluntary financial payment 
to the EU renewable energy financing mechanism; and (v) use the cooperation mechanisms set out in 
Directive (EU) 2018/2001. 
CEP also establishes several provisions to enable the large-scale investment in RES, namely regarding 
financial support mechanisms: 
 
Member States will be allowed to have technology-specific auctions and will have to provide at 
least five years visibility on public support, including the timing, volumes and budget for 
auctions; 
 
An "investment protection clause" has been introduced that prevents retroactive policy changes 
affecting existing renewable projects; and 
 
Direct price support schemes shall be granted in the form of market premium, which could be, 
inter alia, sliding or fixed. 
Energy Efficiency 
Energy efficiency is one of the priorities of the EU, and one of the corner stones of the Energy Union 
strategy. The Energy Efficiency Directive, Directive 2012/27/EU of the European Parliament and the 
Council, of 25 October 2012, sets rules and obligations in order to meet the 2020 energy efficiency target 
of a 20 per cent. increase. To reach the EU energy efficiency target, each EU Member State defined its own 
indicative national energy efficiency targets, which can be based on primary or final energy consumption, 
primary or final energy savings or energy intensity. 
The 2030 climate and energy framework sets a target of 27 per cent. improvement in energy efficiency for 
2030. 
Directive (EU) 2018/2002 of the European Parliament and of the Council amending Directive 2012/27/EU 
on energy efficiency now includes a more ambitious energy efficiency target for the EU for 2030 of at least 
32.5 per cent. with an upwards revision clause by 2023. 
Member States must achieve a cumulative end-use savings requirement for the entire obligation period 
2021-30, equivalent to new annual savings of at least 0.8 per cent. of final energy consumption and may 
make use of an energy efficiency obligation scheme (where obligated parties such as the distribution system 
operator ("DSO") and retail energy sales companies shall achieve their cumulative end-use energy savings 
requirement among final customers) or alternative policy measures or both. 
The primary energy factor value for electricity was established at 2:1 and will be reviewed by 25 December 
2022 every four years thereafter. 
Market Design 
The CEP sets a framework for the evolution of the electricity market design: 
Day-ahead and intraday markets 
Electricity markets should deliver market-based prices, with no price caps or floors and equal treatment 
should be given to generators, storage and demand response. Day-ahead and intraday markets will have 
harmonised gate closure times and consistent characteristics (products, volumes, market times and 
principles). 
Balancing markets, curtailment and redispatch 
Balancing capacity must be procured by the TSO, separately for upward and downward capacity, and may 
be facilitated on a regional level.

--- Page 119 ---
- 117 - 
 
 
Balancing energy/imbalances should pursue the following key principles: (i) imbalance pricing not 
determined in contract for balancing capacity, must reflect the "real-time value" of energy (15-minute 
imbalance settlement period by 2021); (ii) balancing energy to be settled at marginal price; and (iii) bids as 
close to real time as possible, and at least after gate closure for intraday cross-zonal market. 
Curtailment and re-dispatching should respect the following principles: (i) non-discriminatory and market-
based, being open to all technologies (including storage); (ii) balancing energy bids for re-dispatching not 
to set the balancing energy price; (iii) if non-market-based, then compensation shall be paid up to the highest 
of the additional operating costs or the total lost day-ahead market revenue; and (iv) system operators have 
increased reporting obligations to the Agency for the Cooperation of European Regulators, notably on the 
volumes of and reasons for redispatch and the corrective measures foreseen. 
Capacity remuneration mechanisms 
One of the key aims for the EU is to be leader in electricity generation using renewable sources. This is an 
important goal to achieve: secure, clean and affordable energy supply to European consumers. But it does 
add some challenges, as those energy sources have an intermittent nature which reflects into a growing 
concern for security of supply. 
To prevent possible electricity shortages, some Member States have designed different types of capacity 
remuneration mechanisms ("CRM") to assure backup capacity by remunerating electricity generators and 
other capacity providers, such as demand response operators, for being available in case of need. 
The new EU legislation does not exclude the need for CRM, as CRM addresses the need for sufficient 
investment, but it discourages the usage of CRM as a substitute for market reforms that may be required to 
address regulatory and market failures causing capacity shortages. These mechanisms must be designed to 
suit specific problems and should rely on competitive processes to avoid failing the achievement of the goal 
or over compensation. 
When a Member State decides to take complementary measures in the form of capacity mechanisms likely 
to involve State aid, such Member State must notify the EC for approval under State aid rules. Some 
capacity mechanisms were already approved by the EC under EU State aid rules. 
The introduction of a CRM is presented in CEP as a last resort decision. Regarding their design, 
mechanisms must be temporary (no longer than 10 years), subject to non-discriminatory and competitive 
processes and technology neutral (including storage and demand side management). Participation is not 
allowed to new generation capacity emitting more than 550g CO2/kWh and, as of 1 July 2025, to generation 
capacity emitting more than 550g CO2/kWh and more than 350kg CO2/kWh/year on average. Existing 
capacity mechanisms had to adapt to these requirements by 31 December 2019, but existing contracts have 
not been amended. 
Role of Network Operators 
The CEP clarifies the roles of TSOs and DSOs, setting limits to ownership of storage and e-mobility 
infrastructure: 
TSO 
TSOs must create "regional coordination centres" by 1 July 2022, under plans approved by the national 
regulatory authorities ("NRA"), to coordinate: (i) capacity calculation and procurement of balancing 
capacity; (ii) supporting security and restoration and adequacy forecasting; (iii) interconnector entry 
capacity for cross-border CRMs; (iv) risk preparedness and liability to TSO established in plans; and (v) 
costs approved by NRAs recovered in TSO tariffs. 
TSOs must also guarantee a minimum availability of 70 per cent. of capacity for cross-border trade taking 
into account network contingencies and reliability margin (the total capacity used for reliability margins, 
loop flows and internal flows in the capacity calculation process must not exceed 30 per cent. on each 
critical network element) and shall procure ancillary services in a market-based way (with criteria of 
transparency, non-discrimination and openness), defining the specifications for the non-frequency ancillary 
services procured and, where appropriate, standardised market products for such services.

--- Page 120 ---
- 118 - 
 
 
DSO 
Member States shall incentivise DSOs to procure flexibility services, including congestion management, in 
coordination with TSOs and according to transparent, non-discriminatory and market-based procedures. 
Where a DSO is responsible for the procurement of products/services necessary for the efficient, reliable 
and secure operation of the distribution system, it shall procure its non-frequency ancillary services in a 
market-based way (with criteria of transparency, non-discrimination and openness). 
The distribution network development plans will be published at least every two years and in consultation 
with all relevant system users and must include medium and long-term flexibility service's needs. 
DSOs must create an "EU-DSO", focused on digitalisation and data, network codes, integration of RES for 
electricity and demand side response, among others. 
Storage 
TSOs and DSOs are not allowed to own, develop, manage and operate energy storage facilities as a principle 
where the ownership/development/management/operation of energy storage facilities shall be a market 
activity. 
A public consultation shall be organised by regulatory authorities at least every 5 years to assess the interest 
of market parties in existing storage facilities. 
Electric mobility charging infrastructure 
DSOs are not allowed to own, develop, manage or operate recharging points for electric vehicles, with the 
exception of private recharging points owned solely for their own use. A public consultation shall be 
organised by regulatory authorities at least every 5 years to assess the interest of market parties in 
developing, operating or managing recharging points for electric vehicles. 
Supply 
The revised Electricity Directive (Directive (EU) 2019/944) promotes a consumer-centred electricity 
market with consumer protection provisions: 
Smart metering and dynamic prices 
Member States shall ensure the implementation of smart meters, which may be subject to a cost-benefit 
assessment ("CBA") of costs and benefits and prepare a timetable with a target of up to 10 years for the 
deployment of smart meters. If the roll-out of smart meters is assessed positively, they should cover at least 
80 per cent. of customers within seven years from the date of the positive assessment or by 2024 for those 
Member States that have initiated the systematic deployment of smart metering systems prior to the 
Directive’s date of entry into force. 
In case of smart meter deployment, Member States shall adopt and publish the minimum requirements of 
smart meters, according to what is established in the Electricity Directive, ensure interoperability and ensure 
that final customers contribute to the roll-out costs in a transparent and non-discriminatory manner. 
Otherwise, Member States shall perform new CBA at least every four years (or more frequently if there are 
significant changes in the underlying assumptions) and ensure customers are entitled to a smart meter 
(bearing the costs), within a reasonable time and no later than four months after they request it. 
Member States shall enable electricity suppliers to offer a dynamic electricity price contract and ensure that 
final customers with a smart meter can request a dynamic electricity price contract from every supplier with 
more than 200,000 final customers. Member States shall also publish an annual report (for at least 10 years), 
on the main developments of dynamic price contracts including market offers, impact on consumers' bills 
and level of price volatility. 
Price intervention 
Member States may apply public interventions in the price setting for the supply of electricity, which should 
pursue a general economic interest, be limited in time and proportionate and not result in additional 
discriminatory costs for market participants.

--- Page 121 ---
- 119 - 
 
 
By 1 January 2022 and 1 January 2025, Member States shall submit a report to the EC on the necessity and 
proportionality of the intervention and an assessment of the progress towards achieving effective 
competition between suppliers and the transition to market-based prices. By the end of 2025, the 
Commission shall review and submit a report on this and issue a legislative proposal, if appropriate, to the 
European Parliament and to the Council, which may include an end date for regulated prices. 
Consumer Participation 
The CEP defines several frameworks for customers to actively participate in electricity markets (directly 
or through aggregators). Amongst jointly acting groups of customers and energy communities there are 
four very similar concepts between the Electricity and the Renewables Directives (Directive (EU) 2019/944 
and Directive (EU) 2018/2001, respectively): 
 
Jointly acting customers (jointly acting final customers and jointly acting renewables self-
consumers); and 
 
Energy communities (citizens energy community ("CEC") and renewable energy community 
("REC")). 
Both jointly acting groups of customers and energy communities are allowed to generate energy, consume 
the self-generated energy, store and sell (subject to inherent responsibilities as a balance responsible party). 
Both jointly acting final costumers and renewable self-consumers and active customers may operate 
directly or through aggregators, though these activities should not constitute their primary commercial or 
professional activity. Renewables self-consumers shall be entitled to sell excess production and receive 
remuneration from grid injections (reflecting market value and which may take into account its long-term 
value to the grid, environment and society). 
(REC and CEC are legal entities and may be established between natural persons and local authorities. The 
main purpose must be to provide environmental, social and economic benefits, rather than financial profit 
and engage in activities such as electricity generation, distribution, supply, consumption, or other energy 
services, within a level-playing field. 
Member States shall allow and foster participation of demand response through aggregation and allow final 
customers (including through aggregation) to participate in all electricity markets at a level playing field 
with generators. They shall also ensure that TSOs and DSOs procuring ancillary services treat demand 
response aggregators in a non-discriminatory manner alongside generators. 
2. 
Long Term Strategy for 2050 – "Clean Planet 4 all" 
On 28 November 2018, the EC adopted a European strategic long-term vision for a prosperous, modern, 
competitive and climate neutral economy by 2050. 
The Commission's strategic vision is an invitation to all stakeholders to participate in a debate that should 
allow the EU to adopt and submit an ambitious long-term strategy by early 2020 to the United Nations 
Framework Convention on Climate Change ("UNFCCC") as requested under the Paris Agreement. 
European Green Deal 
On 11 December 2019, the EC presented the European Green Deal, an ambitious package of measures that 
is meant to enable European citizens and businesses to benefit from a sustainable green transition and to 
ensure  that there is no net emission of greenhouse gases by 2050, economic growth is decoupled from 
resource use and no person and place are left behind. Measures were accompanied with an initial roadmap 
of key policies ranging from cutting emissions, to investing in cutting-edge research and innovation, to 
preserving Europe's natural environment. The European Green Deal is also a lifeline during the COVID-
19 pandemic. One third of the 1.8 trillion euros investments from the NextGenerationEU Recovery Plan, 
and the EU’s seven-year budget will finance the European Green Deal which consists of ten transformative 
policies (as well as 50 initiatives).

--- Page 122 ---
- 120 - 
 
 
European Climate Law  
On 3 March 2020, the EC presented a proposal to write into law the EU’s political commitment to be 
climate neutral by 2050, stated as aiming to protect the planet and people. The 2030 Climate Target Plan, 
which was under public consultation until 23 June 2020, proposes a cut in greenhouse gas emissions of at 
least 50 per cent. to 55 per cent. for 2030 (when compared to 1990 levels), increasing the current target of 
at least 40 per cent., and amending the European Climate Law. 
With the European Climate Law, the EC proposes a legally binding target of net zero greenhouse gas 
emissions by 2050. The EU institutions and the Member States are collectively bound to take the necessary 
measures at EU and national level to meet the target. 
The European Climate Law includes measures to keep track of progress and adjust actions, accordingly, 
based on existing systems such as the governance process for Member States’ national energy and climate 
plans, regular reports by the European Environment Agency, and the latest scientific evidence on climate 
change and its impacts. Progress will be reviewed every five years, in line with the global stocktake exercise 
under the Paris Agreement. 
On 9 July 2021, Regulation (EU) 2021/1119 of the European Parliament and of the Council establishing 
the framework for achieving climate neutrality ("European Climate Law") was published in the OJ. 
New "Industrial Strategy" for a globally competitive, green and digital Europe 
On 10 March 2020, the EC presented a new strategy to help Europe’s industry lead the twin transitions 
towards climate neutrality and digital leadership. The strategy aims to drive Europe’s competitiveness and 
its strategic autonomy at a time of moving geopolitical plates and increasing global competition. 
The industrial policy package published includes initiatives and strategies on, among others, European 
industrial strategy, small and medium-sized enterprises ("SMEs"), energy system integration and hydrogen, 
offshore renewable energy and the rules on Trans-European Networks for Energy. 
"Fit for 55" - Delivering the European Green Deal 
On 14 July 2021, the EC unveiled its "Fit for 55" package of revised climate and energy laws aiming to 
align key EU policies with the new 55 per cent. net-emissions reduction by 2030 and putting it on track to 
hit EU carbon neutrality by 2050. "Fit for 55" is an extensive legislative package and a building block in 
efforts to reduce the EU’s greenhouse gas emissions by 55 per cent. below 1990 levels by 2030. This is the 
first batch of legislative proposals and it will be complemented by additional proposals by the end of 2021. 
By the end of 2021, it is also expected that legislative proposals on gas (including hydrogen and other 
renewable gases) and the Energy Performance of Buildings Directive will be published.  
Next Generation EU – Green Recovery Plan 
In May 2020, the EC has proposed a new recovery instrument to support Member States in repairing their 
economies from the damage provoked by the COVID-19 crisis. This instrument, designated "Next 
Generation EU", will raise money by temporarily lifting the maximum amount that the EU can request 
from Member States to cover its financial obligations to 2.0 per cent. of EU gross national income. This 
will allow the Commission to use its strong credit rating to borrow €750 billion on the financial markets. 
This additional funding will be repaid over a long period of time through future EU budgets, between 2028 
and 2058. 
The Next Generation EU is a broad financing instrument, covering a large spectrum of economic activities. 
For the energy sector in particular, the Next Generation EU does not provide any concrete policies, but is 
anchored in the Green Deal, reinforcing its proposals, such as: 
 
The Next Generation EU maintains the allocation of 25 per cent. of the budget to be devoted to 
climate; 
 
The Solvency Support Instrument must include targets of decarbonisation; 
 
Decarbonisation targets must be contemplated when designing public support to the transport 
sector;

--- Page 123 ---
- 121 - 
 
 
 
The Recovery and Resilience Facility of €672.5 billion could be partially used to support 
investments in buildings renovation; and 
 
The program InvestEU was upgraded and will include investments in technologies that support the 
energy transition (excluding, inter alia, renewables, storage and clean hydrogen). 
To implement the Next Generation EU a political agreement will be required at both the level of European 
Council and the European Parliament. 
Taxonomy Regulation 
Regulation (EU) 2020/852 of the European Parliament and of the Council of 18 June 2020, known as 
"Taxonomy Regulation", is a landmark for the achievement of the SDGs. It is a classification system for 
sustainable economic activities that will contribute to the European Green Deal by boosting investment in 
green and sustainable projects. The Regulation sets out six environmental objectives: 
 
climate change mitigation; 
 
climate change adaptation; 
 
sustainable use and protection of water and marine resources; 
 
transition to a circular economy; 
 
pollution prevention and control; and 
 
protection and restoration of biodiversity and ecosystems. 
An activity shall be considered compliant with the EU Taxonomy if it: 
 
contributes substantially to one or more of the above environmental objectives, or enables other 
activities to make a substantial contribution to one or more of them; 
 
does not significantly harm any of the other environmental objectives; 
 
complies with technical screening criteria set out in subsequent delegated acts; and 
 
is carried out in compliance with certain safeguards (as referred to in the "OECD Guidelines for 
Multinational Enterprises" and the "UN Guiding Principles on Business and Human Rights", 
including the principles and rights set out in the eight fundamental conventions identified in the 
"Declaration of International Labour Organisation on Fundamental Principles and Rights at 
Work" and the International Bill of Human Rights). 
3. 
Managing and Reducing Emissions 
New Gas Directive (The 2020 Gas Package) 
The EU emissions trading system ("EU ETS"), the first large GHG emissions trading scheme in the world, 
was launched in 2005 as a component of the EU's climate policy. The EU ETS is currently in phase 3 and 
works on a cap and trade principle, with a single EU wide-cap on emissions (rather than the previous 
national caps system). Under the EU ETS system, emission allowances for the period from 2013 to 2020 
are mainly allocated by auction (the default method), in accordance with Directive 2009/29/EC of the 
European Parliament and of the Council, of 23 April, which amended Directive 2003/87/EC of the 
European Parliament and of the Council, of 13 October1. The EU ETS currently represents over three-
quarters of international carbon trading. 
The global amount of emission allowances available at the EU level was determined by Commission 
Decision no. 2010/634/EU, of 22 October, subsequently amended by Commission Decision no. 
 
1 
Afterwards amended by Decision (EU) no. 2013/1359 of the European Parliament and of the Council, of 17 December, by 
Regulation (EU) no. 421/2014 of the European Parliament and of the Council, of 16 April, by Decision (EU) no. 2015/1814 of 
the European Parliament and of the Council, of 6 October, by Regulation (EU) no. 2017/2392 of the European Parliament and 
of the Council, of 13 December and by Directive (EU) no. 2018/410 of the European Parliament and of the Council, of 14 March.

--- Page 124 ---
- 122 - 
 
 
2013/448/EU, of 5 September, amended by Commission Decision no. 2017/126/EU, of 24 January, and the 
methodology for allocation was set by Commission Decision no. 2011/278/EU, of 27 April, later amended 
by Commission Decisions no. 2011/745/EU, of 11 November (repealed by Commission Decision no. 
2014/746/EU, of 27 October 2014), no. 2012/498/EU, of 17 August, and no. 2014/9/EU, of 18 December. 
The revised EU ETS Directive (Directive (EU) 2018/410 of the European Parliament and of the Council of 
14 March) entered into force in April 2018 and sets out Phase 4 (2021-2030) of the EU ETS ("Phase 4"). 
Phase 4 has a strong focus on reinforcing the Market Stability Reserve, the mechanism established by the 
EU to reduce the surplus of emission allowances in the carbon market and to improve the EU ETS's 
resilience to future shocks. Between 2019 and 2023, the allowances put in the reserve will double to 24 per 
cent. of the allowances in circulation. The regular rate of 12 per cent. will then be restored as of 2024. 
This is the first step in delivering on the EU's target to reduce GHG emissions by at least 43 per cent. (under 
the revised system) as part of its contribution to the Paris Agreement. 
In November 2018, the EC adopted a strategic long-term vision for a climate-neutral Europe by 2050, which 
does not set targets, but rather invited national parliaments to submit their draft National Climate and 
Energy Plans by the end of 2018, while the EU should be able to adopt and submit an ambitious strategy 
by early 2020 to the UNFCCC as requested under the Paris Agreement (Communication (2018) 773: A 
Clean Planet for all). 
Apart from CO2, the major waste products of electricity generation using fossil fuels are sulphur dioxide 
("SO2"), nitrogen oxide ("NOx") and particulate matter, such as dust and ash. 
Directive 2010/75/EU of the European Parliament and the Council, of 24 November (the "IE Directive"), 
is the main EU instrument regulating pollutant emissions from industrial installations and was entered into 
force on 6 January 2011 to be transposed by Member States by 7 January 2013. The IE Directive aims to 
reduce harmful industrial emissions, in particular, through better application of Best Available Techniques. 
Chapter III of the IE Directive on large combustion plants includes certain flexibility instruments 
(Transitional National Plan, limited lifetime derogation, etc.), namely regarding emission limit values for 
selected pollutants. 
The IE Directive consolidates seven existing Directives and replaces them with a single clear and coherent 
legislative instrument. The directives that were consolidated include the then-existing Integrated Pollution 
Prevention and Control Directive, the Large Combustion Plant Directive, the Waste Incineration Directive, 
the Solvents Emissions Directive and three Directives on Titanium Dioxide. 
With the revised EU ETS Directive (Directive (EU) 2018/410), some dispositions must be coordinated with 
Directive 2010/75/EU regarding the integration of a few changes – for instance, Member States shall take 
the necessary measures to ensure that, where installations carry out activities that are included in Annex I 
to Directive 2010/75/EU of the European Parliament and of the Council, the conditions and procedure for 
the issue of a GHG emissions permit are coordinated with those for the issue of a permit provided for in 
that Directive. 
Directive (EU) 2015/2193 of the European Parliament and the Council, of 25 November (the "MCP 
Directive"), was triggered by the EC Clean Air Policy Package, adopted in December 2013, and regulates 
emissions of SO2, NOx and dust in the air from the combustion of fuels in plants with a rated thermal input 
equal to or greater than 1 MW and less than 50 MW. The MCP Directive entered into force on 18 December 
2015 and had to be transposed by Member States by 19 December 2017. The emission limit values set in 
the MCP Directive will have to be applied from 20 December 2018 for new plants and by 2025 or 2030 for 
existing plants, depending on their size. 
Regulation (EU) no. 517/2014 of the European Parliament and of the Council, of 16 April, on fluorinated 
greenhouse gases, aims to achieve the reduction of fluorinated-gases emissions by two-thirds by 2030. This 
regulation was followed by the allocation of quotas to companies selling hydrofluorocarbons in the EU, 
with a gradual phase-down until one-fifth of 2014 sales in 2030. 
4. 
Other EU initiatives 
New Gas Directive (The 2020 Gas Package)

--- Page 125 ---
- 123 - 
 
 
The creation of an integrated gas market is a cornerstone of the EU's project to create an Energy Union. 
The internal gas market is considered to function well when gas can flow freely between Member States to 
where it is needed most and at a fair price. A functioning gas market is a prerequisite for enhancing security 
of gas supply in the EU. 
While EU law in general applies in the territorial waters and the exclusive economic zone of EU Member 
States, Directive 2009/73/EC of the European Parliament and of the Council, of 13 July 2009, concerning 
common rules for the internal market in natural gas ("Directive 2009/73/EC") does not explicitly set out a 
legal framework for gas pipelines to and from third countries, which was now included in the proposed 
amendment to this Directive. 
The amendment proposal to Directive 2009/73/EC sought to address the remaining obstacles to the 
completion of the internal market in natural gas resulting from the non-application of Union market rules 
to gas pipelines to and from third countries and to ensure that the rules applicable to gas transmission 
pipelines connecting two or more Member States, are also applicable to pipelines to and from third countries 
within the EU. This would make the EU's legal framework more consistent, enhance transparency and 
ensure legal certainty for both investors in gas infrastructure and users of the network. 
This amendment to the gas directive was proposed by the EC in November 2017, on 12 February 2019, an 
agreement was reached between the EC, Council and Parliament for the new Gas Directive, and, on 3 May 
2019, Directive (EU) 2019/692 amending Directive 2009/73/EC, concerning common rules for the internal 
market in natural gas ("Directive 2019/692"), was published in the OJ. 
EC Mobility Package 
The EC's Mobility Package is a collection of 3 initiatives concerning the governance of commercial road 
transport in the EU. It represents the biggest change to EU road transport rules, covering many aspects of 
the industry's activities. 
The Mobility Packages were released in three waves: the first wave in May 2017 (Europe on the Move), 
the second in November 2017 (Clean mobility) and the third in May 2018 (Clean, safe and autonomous 
mobility). 
On 12 February 2019, the European Parliament and the Council reached a provisional agreement on the 
EC's proposal to reform the Clean Vehicles Directive, which is part of the Clean Mobility Package, aiming 
to help accelerate the transition to low and zero emission vehicles. Following this provisional agreement, 
Directive 2019/1161, of 20 June, was published in the OJ on 12 July 2019.

--- Page 126 ---
- 124 - 
 
 
IBERIAN PENINSULA 
MIBEL overview 
Since 1 July 2007, the electricity wholesale market in the Iberian Peninsula has been operated as a single, 
integrated electricity market for Portugal and Spain within the wider context of the European single 
electricity market, which is provided for in EU directives. This integrated market for Portugal and Spain is 
known as MIBEL. The creation of MIBEL required both countries to acknowledge a single market in which 
all agents have equal rights and obligations and in which all agents must comply with principles of 
transparency, free competition, objectivity and liquidity. 
MIBEL operates with an electricity spot market, which includes daily and intraday markets that are 
managed by Spanish market operator – Operador del Mercado Ibérico de Energía, Polo Español, S.A., 
("OMIE") – and an electricity forward market that is managed by the Portuguese market operator – 
Operador do Mercado Ibérico de Energia – Pólo Português, S.A. ("OMIP"). 
Because the electricity spot market is a single and integrated market, prices are the same for Portugal and 
Spain, except for a residual number of hours during which there are congestions in the interconnection 
capacity and therefore a market split occurs.

--- Page 127 ---
- 125 - 
 
 
PORTUGAL 
Electricity Sector: Regulatory framework 
1. 
Overview 
Since 2000, the regulation of the electricity industry in Portugal has been subject to significant changes, 
such as the unbundling of the transmission network and the liberalisation of power generation and supply. 
The main features of the current organisation of the Portuguese electricity system were first set out in EU 
Directive 2003/54/EC of the European Parliament and of the Council, of 26 June, concerning common rules 
for the internal market in electricity (the "Electricity Directive"), which was transposed into Portuguese 
national law by Decree-Law no. 29/2006, of 15 February, as amended. Decree-Law no. 172/2006, of 23 
August, further modified by Decree-Law no. 76/2019, of 3 June, developed this legal framework and 
established rules for the activities in the electricity value chain (the "Electricity Framework"). 
Following implementation of the Electricity Framework, the former organisation of the Portuguese 
electricity system was replaced by a single market system, and the generation and supply of electricity are 
now fully open to competition, subject to obtaining the requisite licences and approvals or simple 
registration in the case of the liberalised supply. However, the transmission and distribution components of 
the value chain continue to be regulated activities provided through the award of public concessions. 
To further the integration of the European electricity markets, a new legislative package was adopted in 
2009 by the European Parliament and European Council, comprising: (i) Directive 2009/72/EC of the 
European Parliament and of the Council, of 13 July, concerning common rules for the internal electricity 
market and replacing Directive 2003/54/EC ("Directive 2009/72/EC"); (ii) Regulation (EC) no. 713/2009 
of the European Parliament and of the Council, of 13 July, establishing an Agency for the Cooperation of 
Energy Regulators; and (iii) Regulation (EC) no. 714/2009 of the European Parliament and of the Council, 
of 13 July, on conditions for access to the network for cross-border exchanges in electricity. Regulation 
(EC) no. 713/2009 was last amended by Regulation (EC) no. 347/2013, of 17 April, which also amended 
Regulation (EC) no. 714/2009 has in the meantime been repealed by Regulation (EU) no. 2019/942 of the 
European Parliament and of the Council establishing an EU Agency for the Cooperation of Energy 
Regulators. 
Directive 2009/72/EC was partially transposed into Portuguese national law by Decree-Law no. 78/2011, 
of 20 June, which amended Decree-Law no. 29/2006, and introduced changes to the Electricity Framework. 
The main impact is related to a regime of stricter separation between the entities acting in the generation 
and supply of energy and the transmission and distribution system operators, by attributing new powers to 
the national energy regulator and reinforcing the protection rights of consumers. In 2012, the sector's 
framework laws were once more amended in order to complete the implementation of Directive 
2009/72/EC. Decree-Laws no. 215-A/2012 and 215-B/2012, of 8 October, were published, introducing new 
modifications to Decree-Law no. 29/2006 and to Decree-Law no. 172/2006, respectively. 
Hence, under the amended Electricity Framework, the Portuguese electricity system is divided into six 
major activities: generation, storage, transmission, distribution, supply, and the logistic operations for 
switching between suppliers. Subject to certain exceptions, each of these functions must be operated 
independently, from a legal, organisational and/or decision-making standpoint. 
Decree-Law no. 138/2014, of 15 September, introduced a legal framework to safeguard strategic assets 
essential to ensure national defence and security and to guarantee the supply of services fundamental to the 
public interest related to the energy, transport and communications sectors. Under the new legal framework, 
a change in EDP's control structure involving direct or indirect control by a person or persons from a country 
that is not a member of the EU or the EEA may be denied by the Portuguese government under certain 
circumstances if there are real and serious reasons to believe that national defence and security or the safety 
of energy supply are at risk. 
2. 
The National Strategy for the Energy Sector 
The current organisation of the Portuguese energy sector is mostly the result of a significant restructuring 
initiated pursuant to the National Strategy for the Energy Sector first established by Resolution of the

--- Page 128 ---
- 126 - 
 
 
Council of Ministers no. 169/2005, of 24 October, later replaced by Resolution of the Council of Ministers 
no. 29/2010, of 19 March. 
Resolution of the Council of Ministers no. 20/2013, of 10 April, replaced the Resolution of the Council of 
Ministers no. 29/2010, of 19 March, and set two main policy plans for the energy sector, the National Plan 
of Action for Energy Efficiency 2013-2016 (the "PNAEE 2016") and the National Plan of Action for 
Renewable Energies 2013-2020 (the "PNAER 2020"). These plans of action establish the means to comply 
with the international commitments assumed by Portugal in matters of energy efficiency and the use of 
renewable resources, without losing sight of the need to ensure adequate levels of energy prices, which do 
not harm the competitiveness of the Portuguese companies or the minimum living standards of the general 
population. PNAEE 2016 and PNAER 2020 focus primarily on the reduction of the country's energy 
dependence, the increase in the generation of electricity from RES and the promotion of energy efficiency 
and sustainable development, namely by: (i) ensuring the continuance of measures that guarantee the 
development of an energy model with sustainable energy costs; (ii) ensuring a substantial improvement in 
the country's energy efficiency; and (iii) reinforcing the diversification of primary energy sources, while 
re-evaluating the investments made in renewable technologies and presenting a new remuneration model 
for more efficient and prominent technologies. 
The CEP, that includes a Regulation on the Governance of the Energy Union (Regulation (EU) 2018/1999), 
calls for each Member State to prepare a National Energy and Climate Plan ("PNEC 2030") for the period 
2021-2030, covering all the five dimensions of the Energy Union and taking into account the long-term 
perspective. 
These PNECs are to be comparable throughout the EU and should include a description of the national 
objectives, targets and contributions for each of the dimensions, the policies and measures foreseen to meet 
them, and an assessment of the estimated impacts. 
The Portuguese government delivered to the EC a preliminary PNEC in December 2018, which will replace 
PNAEE 2016 and PNAER 2020. On 28 January 2019, the Portuguese government presented PNEC 2030, 
that include ambitious targets, such as setting energy consumption from renewable resources at 47 per cent. 
by 2030, which implies duplicating installed capacity, and a reduction of GHG emissions from 45 per cent. 
to 55 per cent., compared to 2005. On 18 June 2019, the EC published a communication assessing the 28 
draft PNECs as a whole, together with specific recommendations and a detailed "Staff Working Document" 
for each country, in order to help Member States, finalise their plans by the end of 2019, and to implement 
them effectively in the years to come. On 19 December 2019, the Council of Ministers approved the final 
version of PNEC 2030. PNEC 2030 set a 47 per cent. target of energy from renewable sources and a 
reduction of 35 per cent. in consumption of primary energy, focusing on the decarbonisation of the energy 
sector, taking into view carbon neutrality in 2050. On 4 December 2018, the Portuguese government 
presented its Roadmap to Carbon Neutrality ("RCN 2050"). One of the aims of RCN 2050 is 
decarbonisation and includes ambitious targets such as setting electricity generation from renewable 
sources at 80 per cent. in 2030 and 100 per cent. in 2050. Recently, Resolution of the Council of Ministers 
no. 107/2019, of 1 July, approved RCN 2050, that establishes all the decarbonisation vectors and action 
lines for a carbon neutral society in 2050. The PNEC 2030 was globally approved on 19 December, 2019, 
and finally on 21 May 2020, as announced by the Council of Ministers on the same date. PNEC 2030 was 
published on the official gazette on 10 July 2020, in Resolution of the Council of Ministers no. 53/2020. 
Resolution of the Council of Ministers no. 63/2020, of 30 July and published in the Portuguese official 
gazette on 14 August 2020, approved the National Strategy for Hydrogen, establishing the following green 
hydrogen goals to be met by 2030: 
 
10 per cent. to 15 per cent. of green hydrogen injection into natural gas grids; 
 
2 per cent. to 5 per cent. of green hydrogen in industry energy consumption; 
 
1 per cent. to 5 per cent. of green hydrogen in road transportation energy consumption; 
 
3 per cent. to 5 per cent. of green hydrogen in domestic maritime transportation energy 
consumption; and 
 
1.5 per cent. to 2 per cent. of green hydrogen in final energy consumption.

--- Page 129 ---
- 127 - 
 
 
This resolution also sets out a goal of 2 GW to 2.5 GW of installed capacity in electrolysers and the creation 
of 50 to 100 hydrogen charging stations by 2030. 
Resolution of the Council of Ministers no. 98/2020, of 29 October 2020, published on the official gazette 
on 13 November, approved the Strategy Portugal 2030 (Estratégia Portugal 2030), a long-term, structural 
plan that seeks a broad political consensus aiming to set forth the foundations for social economic 
development for the next decade. 
One of the main purposes of the plan is to assure the climate transition and resource sustainability being 
the goals for 2030: 
 
to reduce: (i) overall greenhouse gas emissions by a range of between 45 per cent. and 55 per cent.; 
and (ii) greenhouse emissions in the transport sector by 40 per cent., in both cases compared to 
2005 levels; 
 
to increase the share of renewable energy in gross final energy consumption to 47 per cent.; and 
 
to reduce primary energy consumption by 35 per cent., and to half of the burnt area in order to 
increase carbon sequestration capacity. 
Renewable Energy 
Decree-Law no. 39/2013, of 18 March, as amended by Decree-Law no. 68-A/2015, of 30 April, set the 
national targets for the use of RES in gross final energy consumption and energy consumption in transport 
by 2020 (31 per cent. and 10 per cent., respectively), besides establishing a mechanism for issuing 
guarantees of origin for the electricity obtained from RES. 
The abovementioned PNEC 2030 has set the targets for the use of RES in gross final energy consumption 
and energy consumption in transport by 2030: 47 per cent. and 20 per cent., respectively. 
Emissions 
Decree-Law no. 38/2013, of 15 March, as amended by Decree-Law no. 42-A/2016, of 12 August, 
transposed the Directive 2009/29/EC and established a new approach for licensing emission allowances 
with a transitional regime for the allocation of free allowances. This foresees the annual decrease of the 
percentage of free allocation to a 30 per cent. free allocation in 2020 and aims for its full elimination in 
2027. 
Decree-Law no. 10/2019, of 18 January, amended Decree-Law no. 38/2013, of 15 March, and partially 
transposed Directive (EU) 2018/410 of the European Parliament and of the Council, of 14 March, 
established new rules regarding the revenues allocation from auctions of GHG emissions allowances. This 
diploma determines that 60 per cent. of the revenues provided by the auctions of GHG emissions allowances 
shall be transferred to the National Electricity System in order to offset the special regime generation 
overcost each year, up to a limit of 100 per cent. of that overcost (which also includes the renewable portion 
of generation through renewable cogeneration plants). With this new methodology, a 60 per cent. floor of 
the revenues generated by the auctions is established, with the possibility that this percentage is higher, 
depending on the expected revenues and the actual revenues of the auctions. These revenues are deducted 
to the Global Use of the System Tariff ("UGS Tariff") in order to relieve consumers and electricity bills. 
On 6 April, Decree-Law no. 12/2020 was published, which establishes the legal framework for European 
GHG emission allowance trading for the period 2021-2030, by transposing Directive (EU) 2018/410 of the 
European Parliament and of the Council, of 14 March 2018, amending Directive 2003/887/EC to enhance 
cost-effective emission reductions and low-carbon investments, and Decision (EU) 2015/1814. This decree-
law is applicable to fixed installations that carry out activities under the "Community's ETS", resulting in 
the emission of GHG. From 2021, the rules for adjusting the annual amounts of emission allowances to be 
allocated free of charge will be changed in order to achieve a better alignment with annual production 
levels, taking into account both the relevant increases and decreases in production. In addition, for the first 
time in national legislation, the optional exclusion from the ETS of low emission installations (up to 25,000 
tCO2eq, as notified to the Portuguese Environmental Agency), save for biomass plants, provided that they 
are subject to measures allowing an equivalent contribution of emission reductions, or very low emission 
installations (up to 2,500 tCO2eq), without any equivalent measure, is envisioned. Rules regarding the

--- Page 130 ---
- 128 - 
 
 
allocation of revenues obtained from auctions of GHG emission allowances are maintained in the same 
conditions. This diploma repeals Decree-Law no. 38/2013, of 15 March, and Decree-Law no. 10/2019, of 
18 January, though certain provisions of the repealed laws shall remain in effect until 31 December 2020 
or until the procedures initiated under Decree-Law no. 38/2013 are completed. 
Ministerial Order no. 3-A/2014, enacted on 7 January and amended by Rectification no. 15/2014, of 6 
March, established governance ground rules regarding the allocation of revenues provided by the auctioning 
of GHG emissions allowances, including the annual plan for the use of those revenues in close link and 
cooperation with the Environmental Fund ("Fundo Ambiental") (previously, the Portuguese Carbon Fund), 
created by Decree Law no. 42-A/2016, of 12 August, namely the amount used to offset the special regime 
generation overcost. 
Decree-Law no. 127/2013, of 30 August, which implemented Directive 2010/75/EU into Portuguese 
national law, established an industrial emissions regime aiming for integrated prevention and control of 
pollution, as well as rules to prevent and reduce air, water and soil emissions and waste generation in order 
to achieve a high level of environmental protection. 
Also, in relation to measures enacted to address climate change, Resolution of the Council of Ministers no. 
56/2015, of 30 July (as amended by Rectification no. 41/2015, of 17 September), approved the Strategic 
Framework for Climate Policy, the Climate Change National Programme and the National Strategy for 
Climate Change Adjustment. This Resolution, among other things, also determined that Portugal must 
reduce its greenhouse gas emissions from 18 per cent. to 23 per cent. by 2020 and from 30 per cent. to 40 
per cent. by 2030, both calculated on the basis of the 2005 levels. Recently, Resolution of the Council of 
Ministers no. 107/2019, of 1 July, that approves RCN 2050, adopting the commitment to achieve carbon 
neutrality in Portugal by 2050, which translates into a neutral balance between GHG emissions and carbon 
capture through land and forests use, also established the reduction of GHG emissions to Portugal between 
85 per cent. and 90 per cent. by 2050 compared to 2005, and offsetting the remaining emissions through 
land use and forests, to be achieved through an emission reduction path between 45 per cent. and 55 per 
cent. by 2030, and between 65 per cent. and 75 per cent. by 2040, compared to 2005. 
In January 2019, the main instrument of energy policy for the decade of 2021-2030, PNEC 2030 was 
presented. According to PNEC 2030, renewable energy sources should represent 47 per cent. of the national 
electricity consumption in 2030, with the provision of an increase of the installed capacity up to 28.8GW. 
In what concerns the emissions of air pollutants other than CO2, Decree-Law no. 39/2018, of 11 June, 
transposes the MCP Directive into Portuguese national law, and establishes rules to control the emissions 
of SO2, NOx and dust resulting from the combustion of fuels in medium combustion plants. It also 
introduces changes on the environmental licensing procedure and the issuing of environmental permits. 
Decree-Law no. 84/2018, of 23 October, which transposes Directive (EU) 2016/2284, of the European 
Parliament and of the Council, of 14 December, on the reduction of national emissions of certain 
atmospheric pollutants into Portuguese national law, sets national commitments for the reduction of 
anthropogenic atmospheric emissions of SO2, NOx, non-methane volatile organic compounds, ammonia  
and fine particulate matter, for 2020 and 2030, and requires a national air pollution control programme to 
be drawn up, adopted and implemented. 
Energy Efficiency 
Decree-Law no. 319/2009, of 3 November, while transposing Directive no. 2006/32/EC of the European 
Parliament and of the Council, of 5 April, established indicative objectives and the institutional, financial 
and legal framework necessary to eliminate the current market deficiencies and obstacles that prevent the 
efficient use of electricity. In addition, it created the conditions for the development and promotion of an 
energy services market and of other measures to improve energy efficiency. This legislation, applicable, 
among others, to electricity distributors, suppliers and certain types of consumers, also sets out an indicative 
objective to achieve an energy economy of 9 per cent. by 2016. Such energy economy was to be reached 
through the use of energy services and through the improvement of energy efficiency. In 2015, Decree-
Law no. 319/2009, of 3 November, was revoked by Decree-Law no. 68-A/2015, of 30 April (which 
transposed into Portuguese law Directive 2012/27/UE, of the European Parliament and of the Council, of 
25 October 2012), save for certain provisions (as amended by Rectification no. 30-A/2015, of 26 June, 
"Decree-Law 68-A/2015"). The objective to achieve an energy economy of 9 per cent. was rescheduled to 
be achieved by 2020.

--- Page 131 ---
- 129 - 
 
 
Decree-Law 68-A/2015 was recently amended by Decree-Law no. 64/2020, of 10 September, which, in 
turn, transposed into Portuguese law Directive (EU) 2018/2002 of the European Parliament and of the 
Council of 11 December 2018 (amending Directive 2012/27/UE of the European Parliament and of the 
Council, of 25 October 2012, on energy efficiency), notably the obligations (i) to achieve, during the period 
2021-2030, cumulative energy end-use savings of 0.8 per cent. per year and (ii) to achieve more stringent 
energy efficiency targets (which are outlined in the PNEC 2030). 
Decree-Law no. 101-D/2020, published on 7 December, establishes the requirements applicable to 
buildings to improve their energy performance and regulates the Energy Certification System for Buildings, 
transposing Directive (EU) 2018/844 and partially Directive (EU) 2019/944. 
The Clean Energy Package includes amendments to Directive 2010/31/ EU of the European Parliament and 
of the Council, of 19 May 2010, on the energy performance of buildings, which is now relevant for 
transposition into the national legal system. This Decree-Law also regulates the Energy Certification 
System for Buildings, partially transposes Directive 2018/2001 of the European Parliament and of the 
Council of 11 December 2018 on the promotion of the use of energy from renewable sources to the national 
legal order and proceeds with the second amendment to Decree-Law 68-A/2015, amended by Decree-Law 
no. 64/2020, of 10 September. 
3. 
The Electricity Value Chain 
A. Electricity Generation 
Electricity generation is subject to licensing and is carried out in a competitive environment. Electricity 
generation is divided into two regimes: an ordinary regime and a special regime. 
The special regime covers: (i) the generation of electricity subject to a specific legal framework (namely in 
what concerns licensing and tariffs), such as electricity generation through cogeneration (renewable or non-
renewable) or endogenous resources (e.g. wind, solar, biomass, biogas), small scale generation and 
generation without network injection; and (ii) the generation of electricity using endogenous resources, 
either renewable or non-renewable, which is not subject to a specific legal framework and, thus, falls under 
the general framework applicable to the special regime generation (namely in what concerns licensing and 
tariffs). All the remaining generation units which fall outside the scope of these criteria are included in the 
ordinary regime generation. 
Ordinary Regime 
Overview 
Prior to 1 July 2007, electricity generated by EDP Produção's power plants and other power plants was sold 
under PPAs to REN (acting as a single buyer), allowing these power plants to achieve a return on assets of 
8.5 per cent. in real pre-tax terms. The price of electricity provided for in each PPA consisted of capacity 
and energy charges, together with other costs associated with the generation of electricity, such as self-
generation and operation and maintenance costs. The capacity and energy charges were passed through to 
the final tariff paid by customers. 
The Portuguese government set out the framework for the early termination of the PPAs in laws and decree-
laws promulgated in 2004 and 2007, resulting in the approval of the CMEC mechanism. These laws provide 
for changing the single buyer status of REN and defining compensatory measures concerning stranded costs 
for the respective contracting parties through the passing on of charges to all electrical energy consumers 
as permanent components of the UGS Tariff. The market reference price for the calculation of the 
compensation payable to the generators was set at €50/MWh. The conditions precedent for early 
termination of the PPAs set forth in the various laws and decree-laws, as well as in the PPA termination 
agreements entered into between EDP Produção and REN on 27 January 2005, were met in 2007, and the 
PPAs to which EDP Produção was a party were terminated on 1 July 2007 and replaced with the CMEC 
mechanism. 
The amount of the initial global gross compensation due to EDP Produção as a result of the early 
termination of the PPAs was set at €833.5 million, to be recovered over a 20-year period, starting from July 
2007. The amount of compensation is capped at a maximum set for each generator and was subject to an 
annual adjustment during the first ten years of the CMEC, along with a final adjustment at the end of the 
first ten-year period. The purpose of these adjustments is to ensure parity between the revenues expected

--- Page 132 ---
- 130 - 
 
 
in a market regime based on the assumptions underlying the initial compensation value and the revenues 
effectively obtained in the market, thereby protecting generators from market risk during the first ten-year 
period. 
The initial global gross compensation due to EDP Produção is reflected in the electricity tariffs paid by all 
consumers in Portugal as a separate component of the UGS Tariff, designated as "Parcela Fixa" (fixed 
charge), and recovered by EDP Produção or its assignees. Ministerial Order no. 85-A/2013, of 27 February, 
set at 4.72 per cent. the interest rate applicable to the "Parcela Fixa" between 1 January 2013 and 31 
December 2027. 
The adjustments to the initial global gross compensation are also reflected in electricity tariffs, and if those 
adjustments are to EDP Produção's benefit, they shall be due from all consumers in Portugal as a separate 
component of the UGS Tariff, designated as "Parcela de Acerto" (variable charge). Dispatch no. 
4694/2014, of 21 February, published on 1 April, and Dispatch no. 10840/2016, of 26 August and published 
on 5 September, set out the guidelines of the procedures to be followed in the calculation of the annual 
adjustment regarding the participation of the CMEC power plants in the ancillary services market. 
The final adjustment is meant to be recovered over a ten-year period, starting in 2018, with reference to 
July 2017. In this regard, the 2017 state budget law (Law no. 42/2016, of 28 December) mandated ERSE 
to carry out a study to determine the amount of the final adjustment of the CMEC mechanism. ERSE 
submitted its study to the Portuguese government in September 2017, having presented an amount of €154 
million, which differs from the sum calculated by the EDP/REN Technical Working Group, which 
amounted to €256 million. The EDP/REN Technical Working Group calculations result from the strict 
application of the relevant legal framework, particularly the Decree-Law no. 240/2004, while ERSE's 
computations are a mere theoretical simulation which jeopardises the economic neutrality in which the 
early termination of the PPAs was based upon. EDP was notified on 3 May 2018 of the Portuguese 
government's decision, dated 25 April 2018, homologating the amount of the final adjustment of the CMEC 
mechanism as proposed by ERSE in its study. EDP has on 3 September 2018 filed a suit with the 
administrative courts of Lisbon (Tribunal Administrativo do Círculo de Lisboa) to challenge the amount of 
the final adjustment of the CMEC mechanism homologated by the Portuguese government. 
On 27 September 2018, EDP informed the market that it was notified by the DGEG (as defined below) of 
the Secretary of State for Energy's decision, issued on 29 August 2018, regarding alleged overcompensation 
payments made to EDP in relation to the calculation of the real availability factor of power plants under the 
CMEC regime due to "innovative" factor having been applied when compared to what was foreseen in the 
PPA early termination agreements. The Secretary of State for Energy stated such alleged overcompensation 
payments amounted to €285 million and that a further €72.9 million overcompensation claim for power 
plants operating on the ancillary services market was under analysis. EDP considers the decision to be 
unfounded and intends to take the necessary measures to protect its rights and interests, including all legal 
means available. 
On 4 October 2018, the Secretary of State for Energy issued a further dispatch, which was made known to 
EDP by ERSE on 12 November 2018, declaring the calculation of the annual adjustments to the initial 
global gross compensation for the early termination of the PPAs null and void concerning only the part 
where the abovementioned "innovative" factor had been weighed. 
EDP considers the dispatches from the Secretary of State for Energy lack technical, economic and legal 
basis and, on 8 October 2018, submitted an administrative appeal. Concurrently, EDP filed a suit with the 
administrative courts on 4 February 2019, waiting for a court decision. 
In addition, Resolution of the Portuguese parliament no. 126/2018, of 11 May, created a Parliamentary 
Inquiry Commission ("CPI") to ascertain, within 120 days, whether there are excessive rents in the 
electricity generation sector, namely in the remuneration of both the ordinary regime (CMEC, PPAs, 
capacity payments) and the special regime generators, and, if so, establish any responsibility of political 
officeholders who had influence over the definition of the energy rents. A preliminary version of the Report 
was submitted for the analysis of the CPI on 6 April 2019. On 15 May 2019, CPI held its last meeting to 
discuss and approve its final Report. At that meeting, the CPI globally approved the final Report with votes 
in favour by the Socialist Party (Partido Socialista), Left Block Party (Bloco de Esquerda), the Portuguese 
Communist Party (Partido Comunista Português) and Ecological Green Party (Partido Ecologista "Os 
Verdes") and votes against by the Social Democratic Party (Partido Social Democrata) and CDS - Popular 
Party (CDS – Partido Popular). Most of the conclusions and recommendations stated in the preliminary

--- Page 133 ---
- 131 - 
 
 
version were kept in the Final Report. On 3 July 2019, the Final Report of CPI was discussed in a Parliament 
Plenary session. The discussion in the Parliament Plenary formally closes the work that CPI developed for 
over a year. Although the conclusions and recommendations included in the Final Report are not formally 
binding, in light of the approved Report the Parliament and/or the Portuguese government may approve 
legislation or other future measures in relation to the National Electricity System, the potential effects of 
which on EDP and/or its activities cannot be anticipated at this stage. 
Resolution of the Portuguese parliament no. 83/2021, of 19 March 2021, recommends to the Portuguese 
government to create, within no more than 90 days, a scheduled plan for the implementation of the 
recommendations foreseen in the final report of the CPI. Since this diploma is a resolution, it is not binding 
for the Portuguese government who may not implement it. In the CPI, the current Secretary of State of 
Energy underlined that in his opinion the overcompensation payments in relation to the ancillary services 
market was not an innovative feature issue but rather a competition issue that was being handled by the 
Portuguese Competition Authority ("AdC"). The AdC’s investigation ultimately led to a fine in the amount 
of €48,000,000.00 on EDP Produção for abuse of dominance in the Portuguese market for secondary 
balancing reserve. EDP refutes the AdC’s assertions and on 30 October 2019 filed an appeal regarding the 
latter's decision with the Portuguese Court for Competition, Regulation and Supervision. Regarding the 
fine, EDP also disputed its upfront payment and asked the court to allow for its non-payment or replace the 
fine by a bank guarantee whilst a final decision by the Court is not issued. EDP argued that the 
€48,000,000.00 fine (paid prior to the court ruling) would cause considerable harm. 
On 16 July 2020, EDP was notified of a court order acknowledging the risk of considerable harm and 
staying the payment of the fine until the court’s final ruling on the matter.  The trial will commence in 2021 
and the first witness hearings are scheduled to take place during September 2021. 
On top of the €48 million fine referred to above, that was challenged by EDP, upon request of the Energy 
Secretary of State, the Advisory Board of the Public Prosecutor’s office issued an opinion, published on 22 
October 2020, stating that the Portuguese state could charge an additional amount of €72.9 million, as a 
compensation to consumers affected by the CMEC alleged overcompensation. According to the electricity 
tariffs for 2021, this amount is now to be deducted from the total amount EDP provisionally received 
regarding the 2015 CMEC annual adjustment. This means that, instead of the €135.6 million (2015 
provisional CMEC annual adjustment), the Energy Secretary of State has homologated a net amount of 
€62.7 million. EDP will also challenge the decision to charge the amount of €72.9 million in relation to the 
2015 CMEC annual adjustment. 
In September 2013, the EC opened a formal investigation into the extension of the hydro power concessions 
granted by the Portuguese government to EDP in accordance with Decree-Law no. 226-A/2007, of 31 May, 
as amended by laws no. 17/2014 of 10 April, no. 12/2018, of 2 March and Decree-Law no. 97/2018, of 27 
November. During the formal investigation, the Commission verified that the compensation paid by EDP 
for the mentioned extension was in line with market conditions. On this basis, the Commission issued a 
press release on 15 May 2017 stating that it had concluded that the compensation paid by EDP for the 
extension of the concessions did not involve state aid. As a result, EDP has retained the rights to operate 
26 hydro power plants under market conditions (with 4.094 MW of installed capacity), whose average term 
of operation is until 2047. This decision does not address compliance with other provisions of EU law, such 
as EU public procurement rules and antitrust rules based on Articles 106 and 102 of the Treaty on the 
Functioning of the EU. According to the EC's press release of 7 March 2019, the EC considers that the 
legislation and the practice of Portuguese authorities is contrary to EU law, by allowing for some 
hydropower concessions to be renewed or extended without the of use tender procedures. For that reason, 
the EC sent a letter of formal notice to the Portuguese Republic – as well as seven other Member States– 
on the grounds of an alleged breach of EU rules on public procurement and concessions, to ensure that 
public contracts in the hydroelectric power sector are awarded and renewed in conformity with EU law. 
The eight Member States were given two months to respond to the arguments raised by the Commission. 
Dispatch no. 5443/2017, of 6 June, published on 22 June, created a working group to determine the rights 
over the Hydrological Correction Account ("CCH") following the termination of the account as of 31 
December 2016, as provided for by Decree-Law no. 110/2010, of 14 October. This working group was 
dissolved pursuant to Dispatch no. 11246/2017, of 13 December, published on 22 December. Afterwards, 
the Secretary of State for Energy created a new working group with the same stated purpose by means of 
Dispatch no. 2224/2018, of 27 February, published on 5 March. This working group presented the Final 
Report to the Portuguese government at the end of August of 2018, in which it concluded that the charges 
supported by EDP for this purpose should be unrecoverable.

--- Page 134 ---
- 132 - 
 
 
On 21 May 2019, EDP presented a request to the State Prosecution, Ministry of Finance and Portuguese 
Treasury and Debt Management Agency (IGCP, E.P.E.), requesting compensation of €546 million, under 
the terms of paragraph (e) of article 3(2) of Decree-Law no. 453/88, of 13 December (as in force prior to 
the enactment of Law no. 75-A/2014, of 30 September). This amount corresponds to the impact of error or 
inaccuracy that could be committed in the evaluations that preceded the various reprivatisation stages of 
EDP, regarding the responsibility arising from the hydrological correction. 
Those responsibilities were not effectively considered for the evaluation process of EDP (as a liability 
deductible for the determination of its asset value). However, the report produced by the working group 
created by Dispatch no. 2224/2018, of 5 March, of the Secretary of State for Energy, to analyse the impact 
of the termination of the CCH concluded that the charges supported by EDP for this purpose were 
unrecoverable. 
For this reason, and with respect to the conclusion presented in this report, EDP understands that in 
accordance with paragraph (e) of article 3(2) of Decree-Law no. 453/88, of 13 December, the Portuguese 
state should assume as an expense the amount of impact of error or inaccuracy in the mentioned evaluations. 
In parallel with the process concerning the rights over the CCH, Dispatch no. 2258/2017, of 6 February, 
published on 15 March, created a different working group to study the hydrological impacts in terms of the 
stability of the wholesale electricity prices. This working group was expected to deliver a Report, to the 
Portuguese government, by the end of March 2017, with a focus on the review and implementation of the 
hydrological mechanism, taking into account principles of harmonisation within the Iberian Peninsula, 
chiefly considering the need to implement mechanisms to limit the remuneration of hydroelectric energy. 
However, no information has ever been made public regarding the presentation of any report concerning 
this matter. 
Capacity remuneration mechanism 
Ministerial Order no. 41/2017, of 27 January, replaced the former capacity remuneration mechanism, based 
on a targeted capacity payment scheme, with a market mechanism that remunerates the availability services 
through a competitive auction, as of 1 January 2017. The power plants that benefit from the CMEC 
mechanism have been excluded from taking part in the auction. The auction for 2017 was carried out on 30 
March and the total bid size (1,766 MW) was awarded to three entities, including the last resort supplier, at 
a settlement price of €4.775 per MW. In compliance with the 2018 state budget law (Law no. 114/2017, of 
29 December), Ministerial Order no. 93/2018, of 3 April, postponed the auction for 2018 and beyond, 
awaiting a decision by the EC, that raised concerns about the compatibility of this mechanism with the 
guidelines on state aid for environmental protection and energy. 
Alongside, hydro power plants that are not under a PPA or under the CMEC mechanism, with the exception 
of power reinforcements without pumping, may benefit from an investment incentive under Ministerial 
Order no. 251/2012, of 20 August, provided that its generation licenses were granted between the dates of 
entry into force of Decree-Law no. 264/2007, of 24 July, and of Ministerial Order no. 251/2012, of 20 
August, or that such power plants are included in the Portuguese National Programme of Dams with a 
Significant Hydroelectric Potential and the relevant generation license was obtained before 31 December 
2013. If granted, the investment incentive shall take effect for a period of ten years, starting from the month 
following the request for eligibility, in an amount calculated based on the current criteria for national supply 
coverage set out in Ministerial Order no. 251/2012 and related regulations. The annual reference values of 
the investment incentive correspond to the amounts set out in the Annex to Ministerial Order no. 251/2012, 
of 20 August. 
Ministerial Order no. 233/2020 was published on 2 October 2020, which revokes the Ministerial Order no. 
251/2012 of 20 August, that established the methodology for the capacity remuneration mechanism. Thus, 
the investment incentive mechanism (applied only to hydro power plants) is revoked (the availability 
incentive regime was already suspended). 
Ministerial Order no. 233/2020, also established a transitional regime, which established that no investment 
incentives concerning 2020 are to be paid. However, investment incentives for power plants that have 
obtained recognition of eligibility during the year 2020 are to be paid until 2021.  
On 30 October 2020, Ministerial Order no. 233/2020 was amended by the Rectification no. 42/2020, which 
excludes from the scope of the revocation the exchanges where this incentive is contractually assured,

--- Page 135 ---
- 133 - 
 
 
maintaining the provisions the Ministerial Order no. 251/2012 in force. The practical effect of this change 
will be to maintain the investment incentive in three hydro power plants belonging to another agent, which 
are under construction and should start operating between 2021 and 2023, based on the concession 
agreement signed between that agent and the Portuguese state. 
Competition Balance Mechanism (Clawback) 
Decree-Law no. 74/2013, of 4 June, as amended by Decree-Law no. 104/2019, of 9 August, provides for 
the establishment of a mechanism designed to restore the competitive equilibrium in the wholesale 
electricity market in Portugal, with an impact on the allocation of costs of general economic interest 
("CIEG") between participants in the electricity system. Its purpose is to capture the alleged windfall profits 
reaped by the Portuguese generators caused by higher pool prices following the introduction of taxes on 
Spanish generators. 
This mechanism shall apply to: i) ordinary regime generators, except to the ones operating power plants 
that are still trading electricity under a PPA that has been executed according to Decree-Law no. 183/95, 
of 27 July; ii) generators operating hydroelectric power plants with an installed capacity equal or higher 
than 10 MVA; and iii) generators that do not benefit from a guaranteed remuneration scheme, except the 
ones under the obligation to pay compensations to the National Electric System in the context of a 
competitive procedure launched under the terms of article 5-B of Decree-Law no. 172/2006, of 23 August, 
as well as generators operating power plants with an installed power lower than 5 MW. 
Pursuant to the enactment of Decree-Law no. 104/2019, of 9 August, a payment per account is now possible, 
applied to the electric energy producers which are covered by the competition balance mechanism. The 
payment per account's value may be established yearly by an order of the member of the government 
responsible for the energy area. 
The same government member shall decide the amounts to be invoiced to the electric energy producers due 
to the competition balance mechanism, based on the results of a study carried out annually by ERSE, which 
should take into consideration the effects of capacity remuneration mechanisms and other policies related 
to security of supply that are in place in other Member States. 
Additionally, in terms of tariff repercussions, the prices of tariff terms (unit clawback) to be applied to the 
electricity injected into the grid (defined annually) may be differentiated by technology/regime of electricity 
generation. 
Decree-Law no. 74/2013, of 4 June was further complemented with the publication of the Ministerial Order 
no. 288/2013, of 20 September, amended by Ministerial Order no. 225/2015, of 30 July, which established 
procedures to study the impact on pool prices of off-market measures and events registered within the EU 
and the redistributive effects impacting electricity tariffs. It also established the partitioning of CIEG to be 
paid by generators in the ordinary regime and other generators that are not included in the guaranteed 
remuneration regime, and the deduction of these amounts of CIEG to be recovered by the UGS Tariff. 
One of the events that motivated the enactment of such decree-law was the imposition of tax measures over 
power plants located in Spain, which impacted the prices in the Iberian market and the profits of Portuguese 
power plants. However, Royal Decree-Law no. 15/2018, of 5 October, suspended the generation tax (7.0 
per cent.) on Spanish electricity generators for a period of six months, from the beginning of October 2018 
to the end of March 2019, which corresponded to the suspension of all off-market measures and events 
verified within the EU in the context of Decree-Law no. 74/2013. 
Following the suspension of such taxes, Law no. 71/2018, of 31 December, which approved the state budget 
for 2019, established that the Portuguese government should "by the end of the first quarter of 2019, review 
the regulatory mechanism to ensure the fair competition in the wholesale electricity market in Portugal, 
established under Decree-Law 74/2013 of 4 June, adapting it to the new rules of the Iberian Electricity 
Market, with the aim of creating coordinated regulatory mechanisms that strengthen competition and 
protection of consumers." 
Following this, the Secretary of State issued Dispatch no. 895/2019, published on 23 January, 
acknowledging the suspension, for a 6-month period from 1 October 2018, of measures with tax impacts 
over power plants in Spain and thus determining that the unit value of the parameter that reflects the impact 
of off-market measures and events registered within the EU, and which is included in the mathematical

--- Page 136 ---
- 134 - 
 
 
formula used to calculate the amount to be paid by generators under the terms of Decree-Law no. 74/2013, 
is zero. 
In 2017, the publication of Dispatch no. 9955/2017, of 31 October, forbade the consideration of the Social 
Tariff and CESE as national off-market events in evaluating the net competitive advantage of Portuguese 
generators (as set by Decree-Law no. 74/2013), thus supposedly artificially increasing the amount of net 
windfall profits to be returned by EDP Produção. Furthermore, Dispatch no. 9371/2017, of 10 October, 
determined the retroactive refund of the amounts related to the allegedly illegal passing of the Social Tariff 
and CESE costs to consumers in 2016 and 2017. EDP Produção decided to take legal action against the 
latter Dispatches. 
Pursuant to the enactment of Decree-Law no. 104/2019, of 9 August, which amended Decree-Law 
no.74/2013, of 4 June, Ministerial Order no. 288/2013, of 20 September was revoked by Ministerial Order 
no. 282/2019, of 30 August, which established the procedure for the elaboration of ERSE’s annual study, 
as well as the mechanism to determine the amount of the payment per account and the compensation due 
by generators that had unexpected benefits as a result of off-market events. 
Dispatch no. 8521/2019, published on 26 September, defined the unit value for the 2019 payment on 
account: €2.71/MWh for coal power plants and €4.18/MWh for the remaining technologies under Decree-
Law no. 104/2019, of 9 August. 
Based on the amendments introduced by Decree-Law no. 104/2019, of 9 August and on the provisions of 
Dispatch no. 8521/2019, of 6 September and published on 26 September, there are three applicable values 
for 2019 (which are also considered in ERSE's 2020 tariff proposal): (i) 1 January – 31 March: €0/MWh 
(the mechanism was suspended); (ii) 1 April – 26 September: €4.75/MWh (as Decree Law no. 104/2019 
set the application of unit value defined in 2017); and (iii) 27 September – 31 December: €4.18/MWh 
(€2.71/MWh for coal power plants), according to Dispatch no. 8521/2019. 
The payment on account may be subject to a possible adjustment, following the study to be conducted by 
ERSE (in 2020) regarding impacts from off-market events. Following the enactment of Ministerial Order 
no. 282/2019, of 30 August 2019, ERSE should conduct the study regarding the previous year, by 30 April 
of each year, considering the off-market events defined by an Order of the Government, to be published by 
31 December of the year preceding the study. The study results are submitted for Portuguese governmental 
approval and will be the base to adjust the clawback amounts paid in the previous year. 
Dispatch no. 12424-A/2019, published on 27 December 2019, identifies off-market events to be considered 
in the study prepared by ERSE in 2020 (with reference to 2019). Therefore, the following off-market events 
are considered: (i) Taxation on oil and energy products used in the generation of electricity ("ISP"); (ii) 
extraordinary contribution to the energy sector ("CESE"); and (iii) electricity social tariff. 
On 20 March 2020, ERSE's Directive 4/2020, approved on 6 March 2020 was published, revoking the 
previous Directive 15/2016 and approving the operational rules which apply between the TSO and the 
generation under the scope of application of Decree-Law 74/2013 (with the latest changes provided by the 
Decree-Law 104/2019). This Directive confirms that unit values are applied to generation deducting 
pumping on a monthly basis, and it applies to each imbalance area. 
On 22 June 2020, Dispatch no. 6740/2020, established the provisional value for 2020. The provisional 
clawback for special regime generators ("PRE") is set at 2.24 €/MWh. 
On 22 October, Dispatch no. 10177/2020, established the final compensation of the clawback mechanism 
for the year 2019, considering the ISP regime as the only off-market event, thus, determining a value of 
2.24 €/MWh for hydro power plants, gas and PRE in the market, and 0.68 €/MWh for coal power plants. 
However, this Dispatch is in contradiction with the provisions of Dispatch no. 12424-A/2019, which 
determined that ISP, CESE and the social tariff are off-market events to be considered in the study prepared 
by ERSE in 2020 (with reference to 2019). 
On 25 June 2021, the Spanish legislator, as part of the adoption of urgent measures in the field of energy 
taxation due to the high prices verified in MIBEL in recent months, published Royal Decree-Law 21/2021, 
where it suspended, among others, the 7 per cent. tax on electricity production, approved in 2012, for a 
period between 1 July and 30 September 2021 (three months). Following the temporary suspension of the 
tax on electricity generation in Spain, the Secretary of State for Energy Affairs approved Dispatch no. 6398-

--- Page 137 ---
- 135 - 
 
 
A/2021, of 29 June, which established the  parameter used to determine the amount to be paid by the 
generators is null during the 3-month period (from 1 July 2021.) 
Special Regime 
Overview 
The Portuguese legal provisions applicable to the generation of electricity based on renewable resources 
are primarily governed by Decree-Law no. 172/2006, of 23 August, amended with the entry into force of 
Decree-Law no. 215-B/2012, of 8 October, and further modified by Law no. 7-A/2016, of 30 March, 
Decree-Law no. 38/2017, of 31 March, Decree-Law no. 152-B/2017, of 11 December, Law no. 114/2017, 
of 29 December and Decree-Law no. 76/2019, of 3 June. Special regime generation is also governed by 
Decree-Law no. 29/2006, of 15 February, which sets out the principles for the organisation and functioning 
of the Portuguese Electricity System. According to recent statements from the Secretary of State for Energy 
affairs, Decree-Law no. 172/2006 is expected to be amended during 2021. 
Since the enactment of Decree-Law no. 215-B/2012, special regime generation is no longer distinguished 
from the ordinary regime generation solely because it benefits from specific remuneration schemes under 
pro-investment policies. Indeed, as laid down in article 33-G of Decree-Law no. 172/2006, as amended by 
said Decree-Law, the special regime generators are remunerated either through market schemes (general 
regime) or through guaranteed remuneration schemes. 
Decree-Law no. 76/2019, which entered into force on 4 June 2019, has rearranged the systematic 
organisation of Decree-Law no. 172/2006: even though there is still a distinction between special regime 
generation and ordinary regime generation, the corresponding licensing procedures are no longer separated. 
Pursuant to article 55 of Decree-Law no. 172/2006, the supplier of last resort has the obligation of acquiring 
the special regime generated power that benefits from specific remuneration schemes, which are largely 
based on a feed-in tariff business model, paying special regime generators a feed-in tariff that depends on 
their generation technology and the contractual conditions under which their licencing request was 
submitted. 
Conversely, generators that do not benefit from a feed-in tariff must sell the generated energy in the 
organised electricity markets (along with the provision of balancing services) or through bilateral 
agreements. To facilitate energy trading by these generators, Decree-Law no. 215-B/2012 foresaw the 
creation of a Market Facilitator/Aggregator, to be selected under a public tender procedure, to receive and 
trade the energy of the special regime generators operating under market rules. However, the Market 
Facilitator/Aggregator is still to be appointed. As such, until the appointment of the Market Facilitator,  SU 
Eletricidade, in its capacity as supplier of last resort, must purchase the electricity generated by special 
regime generation power plants with an injection power no higher than 1 MW operating under the general 
regime, if such plants so request, at a price calculated through a mathematical expression set out by Decree-
Law no. 76/2019. 
ERSE Directive no. 5/2021, of 24 February 2021, approves the definition of the charge’s parameter borne 
by producers under the PRE regime within the scope of the transitional rule of article 8 of Decree-Law no. 
76/2019. Article 239 of Law 71/2018, of 31 December, which approved the state budget for 2019, foresaw 
the approval by the Portuguese government of a special regime of electricity suppliers, who shall act as 
market aggregators, at a national or local level, and be bound to acquire the electricity generated under the 
special regime under market conditions (i.e. without a feed-in tariff). This activity shall be subject to a 
licence attributed following a public tender. 
Furthermore, the referred Decree-Law 215-B/2012 announced the development of a guarantee of origin 
("GO") scheme, to allow an additional payment to the electricity sold by special regime generators, which 
was later regulated by Decree-Law no. 39/2013, of 18 March, which amended Decree-Law no. 141/2010, 
of 31 December. 
Given the absence of any developments regarding this subject, the Portuguese government committed to 
take the necessary measures to assure the creation of the manual of procedures by the issuing entity and its 
approval by DGEG in the 2019 state budget law. REN is the entity which is currently responsible for the 
issuing of the GO scheme. On 8 October 2019, Dispatch no. 8965/2019 was published. This dispatch sets 
the need to both implement a mechanism able to register and issue GOs, and a mechanism to trade those 
GOs in a secondary market. This dispatch further establishes that REN should coordinate the platform's

--- Page 138 ---
- 136 - 
 
 
interoperability with secondary market operators and should ensure the exchange of information with other 
operators (namely with any potential operator responsible for GO trades in secondary market). On 8 
October 2019, after a public consultation, the procedures manual was approved by REN, in its capacity as 
issuing body for guarantees of origin ("EEGO"). On 11 February 2020, REN received approval by the 
DGEG regarding the documents required to start the GO scheme, namely the EEGO's procedures manual. 
The tariffs applicable to the services provided by the EEGO was published through the Ministerial Order 
no. 53/2020, of 28 February. 
On 13 May 2020, DGEG released an announcement on the registration of renewable energy generators 
with the electronic platform (available at https://eego.ren.pt) for the issuance of GOs. According to such 
announcement, the following generation units must be registered with EEGO's platform until 30 June 2020 
(such deadline having been subsequently extended to 31 July 2020 and again to 31 August 2020, pursuant 
to DGEG notices of 29 June 2020 and 30 July 2020, respectively): 
 
renewable energy power plants; 
 
power plants for heating and cooling; and 
 
efficient and highly efficient cogeneration power plants. 
When applicable, the payment of the feed-in tariff to the abovementioned power plants may be suspended 
until all GOs have been delivered to DGEG (in the case of renewable energy power plants benefitting from 
such feed-in tariff) or the supplier of last resort (in respect of other power plants receiving a guaranteed 
remuneration or component thereof). 
On 19 June 2020, REN concluded the process of joining the Association of Issuing Bodies'("AIB") 
platform, which enables Portuguese producers to export GO from 1 August 2020 onwards, the date when 
the AIB and EEGO systems will be fully connected. 
Decree-Law no. 60/2020, of 17 August, amending Decree-Law no. 141/2010, of 31 December, has adapted 
the GO scheme to also include gases of low carbon emission and renewable gas, as well as energy generated 
from heating and cooling renewable sources. This decree-law contributes to achieving carbon neutrality by 
2050 through the creation of mechanisms that encourage the use of renewable resources, notably through 
the energy sector. 
On 5 July 2021, and in accordance with article 9 Decree-Law no. 60/2020, Dispatch no. 6560-B/2021, of 5 
July, was published that operationalises GO auctions of renewable energy power plants benefitting from 
guaranteed remuneration. 
Licenses 
The licensing regime applicable to power plants included in the special regime generation is mainly 
governed by Decree-Law no. 172/2006, of 23 August, as amended. 
Pursuant to the enactment of Decree-Law no. 76/2019, of 3 June, power plants licensed after its date of 
entry into force are either subject to the attainment of generation and operation licenses or to a previous 
registration and to the attainment of an operation certificate, in case of renewable energy projects based on 
one single generation technology with a maximum installed capacity of 1 MW with the purpose of selling 
all electricity generated to the grid. Licensing procedures initiated prior to the entry into force of Decree-
Law no. 76/2019 without prior grid capacity reservation are suspended until the corresponding generation 
license is obtained. 
The attainment of a generation license depends on the prior reservation of grid capacity, by means of: (i) a 
permit issued by the relevant system operator; (ii) an agreement entered into by and between the applicant 
and the relevant system operator, whereby the former undertakes to pay the costs with the grid's 
construction or reinforcement; or (iii) a permit issued by the relevant system operator under the terms 
established by the corresponding competitive procedure. 
Reservation of grid capacity depends on the provision of a bond by the applicant to guarantee that it obtains 
the relevant generation license. The amount varies according to the procedure and the reservation title that 
has been obtained.

--- Page 139 ---
- 137 - 
 
 
After obtaining the grid capacity reservation permit or agreement, the applicant shall initiate the procedure 
to obtain the corresponding generation license. Neither the grid capacity reservation permit nor the 
corresponding generation licence may be transferred before the relevant operation licence has been 
obtained. 
Without prejudice to the guaranteed remuneration foreseen in specific regimes, special regime generation 
may benefit from a guaranteed remuneration regime, which shall be granted: (i) in the context of a 
competitive procedure to new power plants; or (ii) to power plants with an installed power up to 1 MW; or 
(iii) in case of overpowering or to generation units that are installed within a pre-existing power plant and 
use a different primary energy source. 
Tariffs 
Decree-Law no. 189/88, of 27 May, and the amendments thereto, including Decree-Law no. 313/95, of 24 
November, Decree-Law no. 168/99, of 18 May, Decree-Law no. 312/2001, of 10 December, Decree-Law 
no. 339-C/2001, of 29 December, Decree-Law no. 33-A/2005, of 16 February, Decree-Law no. 225/2007, 
of 31 May and Decree-Law no. 35/2013, of 28 February, set out a specific formula for calculating the tariffs 
to be paid to generators for the electricity generated by power plants using renewable energy (excluding 
large hydro power plants) that initiated their licensing procedure prior to the entering into force of Decree-
Law no. 215-B/2012, of 8 October. 
As a consequence of the entry into force of Decree-Law no. 215-B/2012, of 8 October, the licencing of any 
new renewable energy project (with the exception of large hydro power plants) must be obtained under 
general market rules or under a tender procedure that grants the right to benefit from a guaranteed 
remuneration scheme. As previously mentioned, pursuant to Decree-Law no. 172/2006, of 23 August, as 
amended by Decree-Law no. 76/2019, of 3 June, new projects may only benefit from a feed-in tariff (or 
other type of guaranteed remuneration scheme) if it is granted (i) in the context of a competitive procedure; 
(ii) to power plants with an installed power up to 1 MW; or (iii) in case of overpowering or to generation 
units that are installed within a pre-existing power plant and use a different primary energy source. 
Pursuant to Ministerial Order no. 69/2017, of 16 February, the last resort supplier is under the obligation to 
deduct the amounts received by generators that benefited from guaranteed remuneration along with other 
public incentives destined to promote and develop renewable energy. In order to do so, the former Secretary 
of State for Energy was supposed to approve a dispatch, on a proposal from the Direção-Geral de Energia 
e Geologia ("DGEG"), identifying the amounts due by each power plant and its respective unit value, 
which has not yet occurred. For the time being there are no new developments to report, it being unclear 
what to expect in the foreseeable future. 
Wind farms optional regime 
Wind farms licensed before the entry into force of Decree-Law no. 33-A/2005, of 16 February, are 
remunerated in accordance with the formula defined in Schedule II of Decree-Law no. 189/88, of 27 May, 
as amended by Decree-Law no. 339-C/2001, of 29 December. 
With the publication of Decree-Law no. 35/2013, of 28 February, a new remuneration regime came into 
force for wind farms licensed before the entry into force of Decree-Law no. 215-B/2012, of 8 October (i.e. 
7 November 2012). Consequently: 
(i) 
wind farms that were already in operation as of 17 February 2005, sell their electricity at a set 
tariff, that decreases with the cumulative number of operating hours, for a period of 15 years 
starting from the entry into force of Decree-Law no. 33-A/2005; 
(ii) 
wind farms for which the licensing procedures fall under the transitory regime approved by article 
4 of Decree-Law no. 33-A/2005, sell their electricity at a set price, dependent on their generation 
profile, for a period of 15 years starting from the date the operation licence was granted; and 
(iii) 
wind farms for which the licensing procedures began after 17 February 2005 and which do not fall 
under the transitory regime approved by Decree-Law no. 33-A/2005 sell up to 33 GWh per MW 
of installed capacity at a price based on a formula set out in Decree-Law no. 33-A/2005, for a 
maximum period of 15 years starting from the date the operation licence is granted. After this 15-
year period has elapsed or, if earlier, when the 33 GWh per MW of installed capacity limit is

--- Page 140 ---
- 138 - 
 
 
reached, the electricity produced is sold at the prevailing market price, in addition of the price 
received for the sale of Green Certificates, if applicable. 
Furthermore, the publication of Decree-Law no. 35/2013, of 28 February, establishes an alternative 
remuneration regime, which allows generators to reduce their exposure to market risk, once the period of 
the initial remuneration regime has expired, by paying an annual compensation to the National Electricity 
System. 
On 10 August 2020, DGEG published Dispatch no. 41/DGEG/2020, of 7 August, setting out the transition 
rules applicable to wind farms under the regime of Decree-Law no. 35/2013 and which entry into operation 
was carried out in separate phases. 
EDP Renováveis chose to pay €5,800 per MW of installed capacity between 2013 and 2020, to benefit from 
the alternative remuneration regime, which consists of selling all electricity generated at a set price, 
corresponding to the average market price of the previous twelve months, subject to a floor of €74/MWh 
and a cap of €98/MWh, for a period of seven years upon the conclusion of the initial 15-year term. 
On 25 June 2021, Dispatch no. 6304/2021, established the regularisation of the compensations made 
between 2013 and 2020 and the remunerations due to the wind farms covered by Decree-Law no. 35/2013 
(new methodology is established). The Portuguese government announced that the impact of this new 
methodology could benefit the Portuguese consumers between €165 million and €372 million. This 
dispatch also foresees that ERSE should operationalise this methodology and adjustments. 
On 7 April 2015, Ministerial Order no. 102/2015 was published, which established the procedures for the 
placement of additional energy and for the repowering of wind farms (i.e., increasing the number of wind 
turbines in existing wind farms) on the terms established by Decree-Law no. 94/2014, of 24 June. The main 
measures introduced by this legislation were: (i) the energy produced by repowering wind farms is 
remunerated at a fixed rate of €60/MW; (ii) the energy corresponding to the difference between installed 
capacity and the injected energy in the network is remunerated at€60/MW; and (iii) the repowering of wind 
farms is recognised as an independent generator, Ministerial Order no. 102/2015 has been amended by 
Ministerial Order no. 246/2018, of 3 September, which establishes that DGEG must always consult with 
ERSE prior to authorising a repowering of wind farms to consider the impact on the public interest and on 
consumer interests. In addition, Dispatch no. 7087/2017, of 1 August, established that, in the context of a 
repowering authorisation procedure, DGEG must consult with ERSE on the impacts of the repowering's 
feed-in tariff on the National Electricity System. This consultation was later included on Ministerial Order 
no. 102/2015, of 7 April through the enactment of Ministerial Order no. 246/2018, of 3 September, later 
amended by Ministerial Order no. 43/2019, of 31 January. 
Nevertheless, Ministerial Order no. 43/2019, of 31 January, has further determined that ERSE's consultation 
shall be dismissed if the applicant explicitly accepts that the feed-in tariff applicable to the energy generated 
in connection with the wind farm repowering is € 45/MWh (instead of € 60/MWh, as established by Decree-
Law no. 94/2014, of 24 June), which, in accordance with ERSE' study, is likely to avoid the adverse impacts 
of such feed-in tariff to the public and the consumer's interests. In this case, this tariff is awarded for a 
period of 15 years, after which the energy remuneration is carried out in accordance with the general regime, 
and cannot be included in the additional period and respective remuneration regime foreseen in the Decree-
Law no. 35/2013. 
Ministerial Order no. 102/2015, of 7 April, was last amended by Ministerial Order no. 203/2020, of 21 
August, which sets out that the consultation of ERSE shall be dismissed if the generator expressly opts for 
the ordinary remuneration regime to the energy generated by the repowering. 
Small Hydro Plants ("PCH") 
Decree-Law no. 35/2013, of 28 February, has shortened the duration of the remuneration regime applicable 
to PCH benefiting from the remuneration conditions established by Decree-Law 33-A/2005, of 16 
February, from the expiration date on their water use license (of 35 years on average) to, if earlier, 25 years 
since the date they were attributed their operation license, after which date the electricity produced by these 
plants will be sold at market prices.

--- Page 141 ---
- 139 - 
 
 
Self-consumption and small scale generation 
Decree-Law no. 153/2014, of 20 October, further regulated by Ministerial Orders nos. 14/2015 and 
15/2015, of 23 January, and Ministerial Order no. 60-E/2015, of 2 March, defines the legal regimes 
concerning generation for self-consumption and small scale generation activities. 
Ministerial Order no. 15/2015, of 23 January, set the reference tariff to be applied in 2015 to the electricity 
produced by small scale generation to € 95/MWh and determined the percentages to be applied to the 
reference tariff, according to the energy source used by those generators: 100 per cent. for PV, 90 per cent. 
for biomass and biogas, 70 per cent. for wind farm and 60 per cent. for small hydro. By enacting Ministerial 
Order no. 115/2019, of 15 April, the Secretary of State for Energy decided to extend these tariffs to 2019, 
as in the previous years. 
Decree-Law no. 76/2019, of 3 June, repealed the provisions of Decree-Law no. 153/2014, of 20 October, 
in what concerns renewable small-scale generation units where the grid connection capacity is equal to or 
less than 250 kV and which output is to be entirely delivered to the grid. This repeal will take effect 4 
months from the enactment of Decree-Law no. 76/2019 and will not affect small-scale generation units 
using renewable sources with a capacity of up to 1MW, provided that such provisions do not conflict with 
the provisions enacted by Decree-Law no. 76/2019. 
As such, the licensing of new renewable energy projects based on one single generation technology with a 
maximum installed capacity of 1 MW with the purpose of selling all electricity generated to the grid shall 
now be governed by the latter and are subject to a previous registration and to the attainment of an operation 
certificate. The remuneration scheme is identical to the one established on Decree-Law no. 153/2014, i.e., 
it is based on a competitive bidding where applicants offer discounts to the reference tariff established by 
the Portuguese government. Applicants may also choose to sell electricity under a market regime. 
Ministerial Order no. 80/2020, of 25 March, set the reference tariff of €45/MWh to be applied in 2020 to 
the electricity produced by renewable energy projects based on one single generation technology with a 
maximum installed capacity of 1 MW with the purpose of selling all electricity generated to the grid. 
Dispatch no. 41/2019, of 9 October, approved by the DGEG, and amended by Dispatches no. 43/2019, of 
23 October, and no. 6/DG/2020, of 17 February, establishes rules for the registration of small-scale 
generation units. 
On 25 October 2019, Decree-Law no. 162/2019 was published, establishing the new legal framework for 
self-consumption through renewable energy generation units ("UPAC"), by individual or collective 
consumers and by renewable energy communities ("CER"). This Decree-Law has revoked Decree-Law no. 
153/2014, of 20 October (even though it shall continue to apply to non-renewable energy UPAC that have 
been licensed under the terms of Decree-Law no. 153/2014 and to PPAs that have been entered into by 
consumers operative renewable UPAC and the last resort supplier, SU Eletricidade) and partially transposed 
Directive (EU) 2018/2001. Decree-Law no. 162/2019 implements two phases: 
(a) 
on 1 January 2020, for individual self-consumption and collective self-consumption or CER 
projects, with smart metering systems and that have been installed at the same voltage level; and 
(b) 
on 1 January 2021, for other self-consumption projects. 
DGEG Dispatch no. 46/2019, of 30 December, defined the rules for the operation of the online platform 
regarding individual self-consumption, collective self-consumption and CER. 
Furthermore, on 20 December 2019, ERSE launched a public consultation process for the regulation of the 
self-consumption regime for projects with smart metering systems and which have been installed at the 
same voltage level. Further to this public consultation, ERSE published Regulation no. 266/2020, of 20 
March, establishing individual self-consumption and collective self-consumption or CER projects, when 
connected to the grid, and ERSE's Directive no. 5/2020, of 20 March, approving access tariffs to be applied 
to the self-consumption in 2020. These diplomas establish the conditions upon which both individual and 
collective self-consumers can trade surpluses. 
On 19 June 2020, Dispatch no. 6453/2020 was published, which exempt self-consumers from paying the 
CIEG usually included in the third-party access. This exemption applies at 100 per cent. for collective self-
consumption projects and renewable energy communities and at 50 per cent. for individuals (provided these

--- Page 142 ---
- 140 - 
 
 
projects obtain the necessary conditions to carry out their activity by the end of 2021), and refers to the 
specific third-party access tariff defined for self-consumed energy using public grid from the generation 
site to the consumer site. 
On 7 October 2020, ERSE’s Directive no. 15/2020 was published, approving the network access tariffs to 
be applied to the self-consumption of electricity through the public service electricity network, referring to 
projects that benefit from the exemption of charges corresponding to the CIEG. The directive is effective 
from 20 June until 31 December 2020 and determines that the application of these tariffs is the responsibility 
of the distribution network operator to which the installation is connected. 
On 5 May 2021, ERSE published Regulation no. 373/2021 implementing the new regulation of the 
individual self-consumption and collective self-consumption or CER projects, revoked ERSE Regulation 
no. 266/2020, of 20 March. 
Cogeneration 
Decree-Law no. 23/2010, of 25 March, as amended by Law no. 19/2010, of 23 August, Decree-Law no. 
68-A/2015, of 30 April (the latter amended by the Rectification no. 30-A/2015, of 26 June) and by Law no. 
71/2018 of 31 December, establishes the legal framework applicable to the generation of electricity through 
cogeneration. 
As significant amendments were made to the cogeneration legal regime, the terms of the applicable 
remuneration schemes depend on the time the licensing procedure was carried out. 
For cogeneration power plants operating at the time of its entry into force, Decree-Law no. 23/2010, as 
amended by Law no. 19/2010, of 23 August, established a transitory regime, allowing for generators with 
an operation license to choose between the previous remuneration scheme (for a maximum period of 15 
years from the beginning of the operation license or, if earlier, 10 years after the entry into force of Decree-
Law no. 23/2010) and the remuneration scheme approved by said decree-law. 
The terms for the calculation of the reference tariff and the efficiency, renewable and market participation 
premiums, as well as the provisions regarding the transition into the remuneration scheme approved by 
Decree-Law no. 23/2010, of 25 March, were enacted by Ministerial Order no. 140/2012, of 14 May, as 
amended by Rectification no. 35/2012, of 11 July, and Ministerial Order no. 325-A/2012, of 16 October. 
The amendments introduced by Decree-Law no. 68-A/2015, of 30 April, set out a more expeditious regime 
for obtaining a licence for generation of electricity through cogeneration, a new way of calculating the 
reference tariff payable to cogenerators, as well as new rules on the transitory remuneration scheme. 
The remuneration mechanism is currently based on two methods subject to the choice of the cogeneration 
generator: a general regime where the compensation is either defined by market value or, if the injection 
capacity is less than or equal to 20 MW and the energy is self-consumed, a feed-in tariff based on market 
value and paid by the last resort supplier; and a special regime that is only available for generators with an 
injection capacity lower than or equal to 20 MW, defined by a temporary reference tariff plus an efficiency 
premium and a renewable premium, if applicable. The values of the reference tariffs are defined quarterly 
by DGEG. 
Solar 
The country's potential for solar energy is substantial and far from fully realised. However, Portugal has 
recently witnessed a significant increase in capacity-licensing requests for utility-scale solar energy projects 
running under general market rules, which has resulted in a shortage of grid capacity. This shortage resulted 
in the establishment of new rules to obtain a generation licence when the requested capacity exceeds the 
grid capacity (Ministerial Order no. 62/2018, of 2 March). These rules were revoked by Decree-Law no. 
76/2019, of 3 June, which, conversely, approved new rules for dealing with the mentioned scarcity and 
granting licenses for electricity generation projects. The approval of Decree-Law no 76/2019, paves the 
way for PV auction implementation announced by the Portuguese Energy Secretary of State. 
On 6 June 2019, the Dispatch no. 5532-B/2019 established the auction for 1.400MW of PV and approved 
the legal pieces with further details on this Simultaneous Ascending Auction. The auction will be managed 
by OMIP and potential candidates had until 7 July, 2019 to show their interest and submit all the requested 
documents, to a prior assessment of qualification to further participation in the bidding process. The

--- Page 143 ---
- 141 - 
 
 
platform will compare all the bids (either for a fixed tariff of merchant) on a net-present-value basis, with 
differentiation of discount rates between the two remuneration types. This auction applies to 24 injection 
nodes on the grid, and the conditions are valid for a period of 15 years. The maximum price allowed is 
€45/MWh and this figure is expected to come down with competition. The final results of the solar auction 
were announced by DGEG on 7 August 2019 and EDP was not directly awarded any of the 24 tendered 
allotments. In one of the allotments (no.12), a solar project at Ribatejo, EDP (through EDP Renováveis) 
was the only bidder and, according to the rules regarding the minimum number of auction participants, this 
allotment was consequently not awarded at the price EDP bid. The DGEG has, however, accepted EDP 
Renováveis' revised proposal for interconnection capacity to develop the project for allotment no.12, with 
an installed capacity of 142 MW with a tariff of €20.89/MWh (which is the weighted average price resulting 
from the auction). With this new contract, EDP has approximately 750 MW of contracted solar capacity to 
be built until 2022, across Portugal, the United States and Brazil. 
On 29 May 2020, Dispatch no. 5921/2020 established the opening of the electronic procedure of the second 
solar PV auction in Portugal. DGEG officially started the proceedings inviting bidders for 700 MW to be 
built in the Alentejo and Algarve regions. The 700 MW has been divided into 12 tendered allotments of 
various capacities ranging between 10 MW to 109 MW. The categories that interested bidders can enter are 
PV projects without storage systems and PV projects with storage systems. In the latter case, bidders may 
propose the installation of solar PV with battery energy storage system, CSP, solar PV+CSP and other 
combinations.  Winners will enter into a PPA that has a duration of 15 years for the projects they secure. A 
single entity cannot win more than 50 per cent. of the total capacity (sum of all lots) put to auction. The 
preliminary results of the solar auction points towards the award of 670 MW for 13 projects, eight with 
battery energy storage with an estimated capacity of 100 MW. EDP (through EDP Renováveis) has not 
been awarded any tendered allotments. 
Considering the exceptional impacts of the COVID-19 pandemic outbreak on the implementation of the 
projects, the deadlines established by the 2019 solar auction’s tender specifications (caderno de encargos) 
were extended by the ministerial orders (despachos) of the Secretary of State for Energy Affairs of 15 
December 2020 and of 27 April 2021. On 21 July 2021, the Secretary of State for Energy Affairs issued a 
new order extending by four months the terms established in the tender specifications for the 2020 solar 
auction. 
B. Electricity Transmission 
Electricity transmission is carried out through the national transmission network, under an exclusive 
concession granted by the Portuguese government for a 50-year period. The concession for electricity 
transmission was awarded to REN until 2057, under article 69 of Decree-Law no. 29/2006, of 15 February, 
following the concession already granted to REN under article 64 of Decree-Law no. 182/95, of 27 July, as 
amended and republished by Decree-Law no. 56/97, of 14 March. 
The activities of the TSO (or the concessionaire for the electricity transmission network) must be 
independent, both legally and organisationally, from other activities in the electricity sector. On 9 
September 2014, ERSE issued a decision certifying that REN complies with the relevant legal requirements 
to be considered a full ownership unbundling TSO, subject to the conditions set out therein. 
C. Electricity Distribution 
Electricity distribution is carried out through the national distribution network, consisting of a medium and 
high voltage network, and through the low voltage distribution networks. 
Pursuant to amendments to the Commercial Relations Regulation of the electric sector ("RRC"), in 2017, 
ERSE imposed further measures of image separation between operators of the same group, with emphasis 
on the distribution network operator, in line with the guidelines of the EC. On 13 August 2020, ERSE 
approved the change of EDP Distribuição brand to E-REDES from 2021 onwards, to avoid confusion 
between the remaining EDP group brands. In a statement, the Portuguese NRA stated that the change in the 
image and name of the manager of the energy distribution networks will be implemented gradually, in order 
to ensure cost neutrality for electricity consumers. 
On 10 November 2020, ERSE Regulation no. 7/2020 approved a new RRC (published in the Portuguese 
official gazette on 30 December 2020 by the Regulation no. 1129/2020), common for the electric and gas 
sectors, which entered into force on 1 January 2021, revoking Regulation no. 561/2014, of 22 December,

--- Page 144 ---
- 142 - 
 
 
and Regulation no. 416/2016, of 29 April. With the enactment of the new RRC, further independence 
requirements were approved by the NRA concerning the sharing of resources between the DSO and the 
companies within the vertically integrated undertaking. 
Currently, the national medium and high voltage distribution network is operated under an exclusive 
concession granted by the Portuguese state for a 35-year period. This concession was awarded to EDP's 
subsidiary, E-REDES, pursuant to article 70 of Decree-Law no. 29/2006, of 15 February, after converting 
the licence held by E-REDES under the former regime into a concession agreement, signed on 25 February 
2009. The terms of the concession are set forth in Decree-Law no. 172/2006, of 23 August. 
The low voltage distribution networks are operated under concession agreements granted by the 
municipalities. Most of the low voltage distribution networks are handled by E-REDES, alongside some 
local concessionaires with less than 100,000 clients. 
Although the existing municipal concession agreements were maintained pursuant to Decree-Law no. 
172/2006, of 23 August, the new concessions must be awarded after a competitive procedure to be 
implemented by the relevant municipalities. To this end, Law no. 31/2017, of 31 May, established the 
principles and general rules of the upcoming public tenders. Accordingly, regardless of the end date of the 
prevailing concession agreements, the public tender procedures were due to take place simultaneously in 
2019, covering all the municipalities that choose not to carry out the distribution activity directly. Pursuant 
to Law no. 31/2017, the concession agreements which terminated prior to 2019 (which is the case for the 
agreements with the municipalities of Lisbon, set to have ended in 2017, and São João da Madeira, set to 
have ended in 2016, both of which continue to be operated by E-REDES up to this date) must be extended 
by the relevant municipalities that choose not to carry out the activity directly until the new concessions 
enter into force. In order to ensure the launch of the public tender procedures in early 2019, the Council of 
Ministers issued Resolution no. 5/2018, of 11 January, approving the programme of preparatory studies 
and actions to be carried out by ERSE in coordination with DGEG and the National Association of 
Portuguese Municipalities, which is currently underway. It is worth noting that 259 of a total of 278 
municipalities will expire until 2022. The remainder will expire in 2026. The concessions of Lisbon and 
São João da Madeira, as well as any other concessions expiring, shall be renewed annually until the formal 
competitive procedure is formally established. 
Pursuant to such Resolution, ERSE has proposed on 22 January 2019 that the municipalities shall be 
grouped in three areas (north, centre and south) and that the public tender procedures shall be launched 
jointly by the municipalities located in such geographical areas. 
On 30 November 2020, Dispatch no. 11814/2020, created a working group for the elaboration of the 
procedures, type programme and standard specifications of the public tenders for the low voltage electricity 
distribution concessions. This working group should present within four months the procedural parts and 
the draft standard contract for the concession of the operation of the low voltage distribution networks. 
However, Dispatch no. 3759/2021, of 13 April, extended the working group mandate until the end of July 
2021.  
By law, the entities carrying out the low voltage distribution which supply more than 100,000 customers 
and which are vertically integrated must be independent from other activities unrelated to the distribution 
activity, from a legal, organisational and decision-making standpoint. In turn, the operators of low voltage 
distribution networks who supply less than 100,000 customers are only obliged to have separate accounts 
and are not subject to a full ownership or legal unbundling obligation. 
Under the Electricity Framework, the distribution system operator must prepare a network development 
and investment plan to be submitted to DGEG and subject to a public consultation and an opinion from 
ERSE, before discussion by the Portuguese parliament and approval by the member of the Portuguese 
government responsible for energy issues. 
The prices that E-REDES charges for access to the distribution networks are subject to extensive regulation 
by ERSE. The access tariffs set by ERSE are paid by all consumers, whether in the regulated or the 
liberalised market. The allowed revenues of E-REDES for the 2018-2020 regulatory period are set as 
follows: (i) concerning the low voltage network, a price cap mechanism, with an efficiency factor of 2.0 
per cent. is applied to the total expenditure; (ii) regarding the high and medium voltage network, the capital 
expenditure ("CAPEX") is remunerated through the application of a rate of return to the net regulated asset 
base and the operating expenditures ("OPEX") are subject to a price-cap mechanism, with an efficiency

--- Page 145 ---
- 143 - 
 
 
factor of 2.0 per cent. The regulated asset base is remunerated by a 5.75 per cent. reference rate of return, 
indexed to the evolution of the yield of 10-year Portuguese Treasury bonds between October of year "t-1" 
and September of year "t". This mechanism sets a floor and a cap of 4.75 per cent. and 9.75 per cent., 
respectively. 
D. Electricity Supply 
Electricity supply is open to competition, subject only to a registration regime. Suppliers may freely buy 
and sell electricity. For this purpose, they have the right to access the national transmission and distribution 
networks upon payment of access tariffs set by ERSE. EDP operates as a supplier in the liberalised market, 
through its subsidiary EDP Comercial. 
Electricity suppliers must comply with certain public service obligations to ensure the quality and continuity 
of supply, as well as consumer protection with respect to prices, access tariffs and access to information in 
simple and understandable terms. 
In addition to the information requirements established on ERSE's regulation, Law no. 5/2019, of 11 
January, further determines that the invoices issued by electricity suppliers must contain all elements 
necessary to a complete and accessible understanding of the total and disaggregated amounts, in particular 
the estimated and actual consumption, energy tariffs, grid access tariffs, supply tariffs, social tariffs (when 
applicable), primary energy, payment deadlines and methods and consequences of failure to pay the charged 
amounts. Suppliers shall also provide annual information to all customers, until 30 June of each year, 
regarding, in particular, the tariffs and prices to be applied that year, CO2 emissions and political, 
sustainability and energy efficiency measures proposed by ERSE and the DGEG. 
Failure to comply with the obligations set out in Law no. 5/2019, of 11 January, may be considered an 
administrative offence by the National Entity for the Energy Sector ("Entidade Nacional para o Setor 
Energético, E. P. E."), which will be supervising compliance with this legal regime on a transitional basis, 
until the creation of a new supervisory entity for the energy sector. 
Decree-Law no. 60/2019, of 13 May, established a reduced VAT rate (6 per cent.) regarding the fixed 
component of the third-party access from electricity supply (for natural gas, please see natural gas supply), 
maintaining the remaining invoice at the normal VAT rate (23 per cent.). 
This is applicable to the electricity supply (contracted capacity =< 3.45 kVA) and entered into force on 1 
July 2019. 
Decree-Law no. 74/2020 of 24 September 2020, approved the application of the intermediate VAT rate 
(currently 13 per cent. in mainland Portugal) to supplies of low voltage electricity (up to 6.9 kVA) for 
consumption not exceeding: 
 
100 kWh per 30-day period (applicable for consumption as from 1 December 2020); and 
 
150 kWh per 30-day period, when purchased for consumption by large households, defined as 
having five or more persons (applicable for consumption as from 1 March 2021). 
The reduced rate does not apply to fixed components of electricity supplies (i.e., that do not change with 
the amount of electricity consumed, such as the fixed component of the tariff to access the network and 
components related to the contracted power). 
Ministerial Order no. 247-A/2020, of 19 October, regulates certain aspects of the Decree-Law no 74/2020, 
such as the rules for large households, the computation of the thresholds when facing multi-hourly tariffs, 
and the apportionment of those thresholds when facing billing cycles of less than or greater than 30 days. 
As required by the Electricity Directive, the Electricity Framework establishes a last resort supplier, 
licensed by DGEG, subject to universal service obligations and regulation by ERSE. Besides supplying 
electricity to customers who have not switched to the liberalised market, the last resort supplier is 
responsible for the purchase of the special regime generation that benefits from a guaranteed remuneration 
scheme (feed-in tariff). This energy is sold by the last resort supplier in the organised markets or at energy 
auctions promoted and organised by ERSE. The last resort supplier is entitled to recoup the overcosts with 
the acquisition of the special regime generation relative to the revenues obtained from its sale in the market.

--- Page 146 ---
- 144 - 
 
 
Pursuant to amendments introduced by Decree-Law no. 264/2007, of 24 July, the last resort supplier is also 
further required to buy energy through market mechanisms, namely auctions, with conditions defined by 
the Portuguese government. The purchases are recognised for the purpose of regulated costs whenever they 
reach maturity. The last resort supplier must manage the different forms of contracts in order to acquire 
energy at the lowest cost. All unneeded surplus electricity acquired by the last resort supplier is resold on 
the organised market. 
Since 1 January 2007, the role of last resort supplier has been carried out by: (i) an independent entity, from 
an organisational and legal standpoint, SU Eletricidade, which was created by EDP's subsidiary, E-REDES; 
and (ii) some local low voltage distribution concessionaires with less than 100,000 clients. 
The prices that SU Eletricidade charges for the electricity supplied to the customers remaining in the 
regulated market are uniform throughout mainland Portugal and subject to extensive regulation. 
Revenues for last resort suppliers comprise different components according to the regulated activity: (i) the 
costs with the purchase and sale of energy and the access to the networks are fully recouped and recognised 
in the regulated cost base; and (ii) regarding the commercialisation activity, OPEX is subject to a price-cap 
mechanism, with an efficiency factor of 1.5 per cent. concerning the current regulatory period. 
Logistics for Switching Suppliers 
The ability to switch to the liberalised market was opened to all electricity consumers as of September 2006. 
Since then, electricity consumers are free to choose their electricity supplier and are exempt from any 
payment when switching suppliers. Switching suppliers should not take more than three weeks, and there 
is no limitation on the number of switches any customer can make. 
Decree-Law no. 172/2006, of 23 August, introduced a new legal entity, the logistic operator for switching 
suppliers ("OLMC"), regulated by ERSE, responsible for overseeing the logistical operations that facilitate 
consumer switching. While waiting for the creation of a switching operator, ERSE determined that, in the 
meantime, E-REDES, the operator of the medium and high voltage distribution network, should take on 
that role. 
In 2017, Decree-Law no. 38/2017, of 31 March, established the legal regime applicable to the OLMC for 
electricity and natural gas, attributing this function to Agência para a Energia ("ADENE"), the national 
agency for energy. 
Phasing out of end-user regulated tariffs 
The phasing out of end-user regulated tariffs began in 2011, pursuant to Decree-Law no. 104/2010, of 29 
September, which approved the termination of the end-user regulated tariff for clients other than normal 
low voltage (comprising the very high, high, medium and special low voltage levels) as of 1 January 2011 
and their replacement by a transitory end-user regulated tariff, set by ERSE. In turn, Resolution of the 
Council of Ministers no. 34/2011, of 1 August, approved the timetable for the termination of the end-user 
regulated tariff and the introduction of a transitory end-user regulated tariff for normal low voltage 
electricity consumers as follows: (i) 1 July 2012 for consumers with contracted power equal or greater than 
10.35 kVA; and (ii) 1 January 2013 for consumers with contracted power lower than 10.35 kVA. 
By law, the last resort supplier must continue to supply electricity consumers that have yet to migrate to the 
liberalised market. To encourage customers to switch to the liberalised market, Decree-Law no. 75/2012, 
of 26 March, approved the application of an aggravating factor to the transitory end-user regulated tariffs 
set by ERSE. 
The termination of the transitory end-user regulated tariffs was initially scheduled to occur on: (i) 31 
December 2011 for all segments other than normal low voltage; (ii) 31 December 2014 for normal low 
voltage customers with contracted power equal or greater than 10.35 kVA; and (iii) 31 December of 2015 
for the remainder. However, these deadlines have been continuously postponed, except for the very high 
voltage level, which ended in 2013. Following the enactment of Ministerial Order no. 83/2020, of 1 April, 
the phasing out of the remaining transitory end-user regulated tariffs is now scheduled to be completed as 
follows: 
 
normal low voltage electricity supply, 31 December 2025;

--- Page 147 ---
- 145 - 
 
 
 
medium voltage electricity supply, 31 December 2021; and 
 
special low voltage electricity supply, 31 December 2022; 
In addition, Decree-Law no. 75/2012, of 26 March, as amended by Law no. 105/2017, of 30 August, 
determined that the normal low voltage consumers that have already switched to the liberalised market may 
choose pricing conditions comparable to the end-user regulated tariffs and, ultimately, return to the last 
resort supplier when the relevant supplier does not offer such pricing conditions until 31 December 2025, 
under the terms established in Ministerial Order no. 348/2017, of 14 November (subsequently amended by 
Ministerial Order no. 6/2021, of 6 January, which extended this option of consumers until 31 December 
2025). Moreover, Law no. 105/2017 provides for the elimination of the aggravating factor established by 
Decree-Law no. 75/2012, of 26 March. 
Electricity Tariffs 
According to ERSE statutes, approved by Decree-Law no. 97/2002, of 12 April, as amended by Decree-
Law no. 212/2012, of 25 September, by Decree-Law no. 84/2013, of 25 June, by Decree-Law no. 57-
A/2018, of 13 July and by Decree-Law no. 76/2019 of 3 June, ERSE is responsible for the establishment 
and for the approval of tariffs and regulated prices applicable in Portugal, under the Tariff Code of the 
electricity sector. The tariffs and prices for electricity and other services in 2019 were approved by ERSE's 
document "Tarifas e Preços para a Energia Elétrica e outros Serviços em 2019", published in December 
2018 and available at www.erse.pt, and by ERSE's Directive no. 5/2019, of 17 December 2018, published 
in the Portuguese official gazette on 18 January 2019. 
The tariffs and prices for electric energy in 2021 were approved by ERSE's Directive no. 1/2021, published 
in the Portuguese official gazette on 8 January 2021. This document assumes a 0.6 per cent. average 
decrease for normal low voltage electricity tariffs. 
Due to the high prices verified in MIBEL in recent months and in order to avoid excessive misalignment 
with the liberalised market and the creation of deviations to be recovered later by the tariffs, ERSE approved 
Instruction no. 11/2021, of 14 June (published in the Portuguese official gazette on 21 June), which updated 
the low voltage electricity tariffs, with an increase of €5 MWh, with effect as from 1 July 2021 (increase 
of 3 per cent. on electricity bills).  
Costs deferral 
The regulatory period from 2006 to 2008 brought little change in the method of tariff calculation. However, 
in 2006 and 2007, a "tariff deficit" was generated, which meant that the end-user tariffs charged by the last 
resort supplier (E-REDES in 2006 and SU Eletricidade in 2007) were not covering all the costs of the 
system, generating a loss for the last resort supplier and for the TSO, REN. This deficit resulted from two 
different decree-laws: (i) Decree-Law no. 187/95, of 27 July, amended by Decree-Law no. 157/96, of 31 
August, and Decree-Law no. 44/97, of 20 February, which prevented the low voltage tariffs from rising 
above the expected rate of inflation in 2006; and (ii) Decree-Law no. 237-B/2006, of 18 December, which 
limited the rise in tariffs for residential customers (normal low voltage) in 2007 to a maximum of 6 per 
cent. These deficits were fully recovered in ten years, beginning in 2008, through annual rises in the access 
tariffs. 
When ERSE set the tariffs for 2009, another, and significantly larger, tariff deficit was generated, mainly 
due to the increase in electricity prices in the wholesale market. Given the need to regulate the creation of 
these deficits and to clarify how they could be recovered, Decree-Law no. 165/2008, of 21 August, defined 
the rules applicable to: (i) tariff adjustments resulting from the electric energy acquired by the last resort 
supplier in exceptional cost situations; and (ii) the tariff repercussion of certain costs related to energy, 
sustainability and general economic interest policy measures. Namely, this decree-law stated that every 
tariff deficit generated thereon, on such conditions, should be recovered over a maximum period of 15 
years. In the case of the tariff deficit of 2009, an instalment worth 1/15 of the total deficit plus the 
corresponding interest has been added to the tariffs each year, beginning in 2010. 
In 2012, to prevent an increase in electricity tariffs, the Portuguese government deferred the CMEC annual 
adjustments of 2010, according to Decree-Law no. 109/2011, of 18 November. Another deferral was 
enacted pursuant to Decree-Law no. 256/2012, of 29 November, applying to the CMEC and PPA annual

--- Page 148 ---
- 146 - 
 
 
adjustments of 2011, earning interests at an annual rate of 5 per cent. and 4 per cent., respectively, as set 
by Ministerial Order no. 145/2013, of 9 April. 
Decree-Law no. 32/2014, of 28 February, deferred the CMEC annual adjustment of 2012 in the electricity 
tariffs for 2014, to be recovered in equal parts in the allowed revenues of the distribution network operator 
for 2017 and 2018. The Decree-Law also determined the payment of a compensation for this deferral, 
according to a remuneration rate computed pursuant to Ministerial Order no. 500/2014, of 26 June, applied 
to the parameters being established by Dispatch no. 9480/2014, of 22 July, resulting in an annual interest 
rate of 5 per cent. 
In 2011, a change in Decree-Law no. 29/2006, of 15 February, was established by Decree-Law no. 78/2011, 
of 20 June, and further amended by Decree-Law no. 75/2012, of 26 March, by Decree-Law no. 112/2012, 
of 23 May, by Decree-Law no. 215 A/2012, of 8 October, by Decree-Law no. 178/2015, of 27 August, and 
Law no. 42/2016, of 28 December, in order to allow for the deferral of overcosts with the acquisition of 
electricity under the special regime generation over a period of five years, mandatory for the 2012 overcosts 
and optional for the overcosts up until 2020. Accordingly, since 2012, ERSE has been deferring for a 5-
year period the recovery of the special regime generation overcosts expected for each year. On 1 October 
2020, Decree-Law no. 79/2020, allowed for the deferral of overcosts with the acquisition of electricity 
under the special regime generation until 31 December 2025. 
Ministerial Order no. 279/2011, of 17 October, further regulated by Ministerial Order no. 146/2013, of 11 
April and Ministerial Order no. 262-A/2016, of 10 October, set the methodology to calculate the rate of 
return applicable to the deferral of the recovery of the overcosts with the acquisition of special regime 
generation. The final value of the rate of return depends on parameters defined annually in supplementary 
legislation. The parameters for 2021 were set by Dispatch no.12088/2020, of 14 December, and considered 
by ERSE in the tariffs for 2021. On 30 June 2021, Ministerial Order no. 138/2021, was published which 
revoked Ministerial Order no. 279/2011, of 17 October (and further legislation), and established a new 
methodology to calculate the rate of return applicable to the deferral of the recovery of the overcosts with 
the acquisition of special regime generation and a sharing mechanism with electricity consumers whenever, 
from the assignment of the right to receive the amounts relating to special regime generators, the EDP 
Group obtained a gain. 
Social tariffs 
The electricity social tariff was established by Decree-Law no. 138-A/2010, of 28 December, as amended 
by Decree-Law no. 172/2014, of 14 November, and Law no. 7-A/2016, of 30 March, corresponding to a 
20.0 per cent. discount applied to the low voltage access tariff, borne by the electricity generators in the 
ordinary regime. The procedures and conditions for the attribution of the electricity social tariff are 
regulated by the provisions of Ministerial Order no. 178-B/2016, of 1 July. 
Decree-Law no. 102/2011, of 30 September, as amended by Decree-Law no. 172/2014, of 14 November, 
regulated by Ministerial Orders no. 275-A/2011 and no. 275-B/2011, of 30 September, introduced an 
additional support mechanism, by establishing the extraordinary social support to the energy consumer 
("ASECE"), corresponding to a 13.8 per cent. discount applied to the electricity bill before taxes, born by 
the Portuguese taxpayers. 
The 2016 state budget law (Law no. 7-A/2016, of 30 March) introduced important changes in the support 
mechanisms addressing energy poverty, creating a unique and automatic model to assign social tariffs to 
economically vulnerable customers. Concurrently, it revoked Decree-Law no. 102/2011, of 30 September, 
determining the incorporation of ASECE into the social tariff discount, thereby increasing the amount 
financed by the ordinary regime generation. 
The rate of discount of the social tariff is established annually by Dispatch of the member of the Portuguese 
government responsible for energy affairs. Accordingly, for 2021, Dispatch no. 9807/2020, published on 
12 October, kept the discount unchanged at a rate equivalent to 33.8 per cent. of the electricity bill before 
taxes. 
On 26 November 2020, Decree-Law no. 100/2020, extended the requirements to benefit from the electricity 
and natural gas social tariff, in particular to include all unemployment situations in addition to those that 
already exist and, also, to the beneficiaries of the disability social pension under the special disability 
protection regime or the complement of the social benefit for inclusion.

--- Page 149 ---
- 147 - 
 
 
On 1 March 2021, Ministerial Order no. 45-B/2021 amended Ministerial Order no. 178-B/2016, of 1 July, 
which established the procedures, model and other conditions necessary for the application of the social 
tariff for the supply of electricity, namely in order to increase the frequency in which the procedures for 
automatic identification and validation of economically vulnerable customers occur. 
Collateral management in the Electricity Power System 
On 29 November 2019, ERSE launched a public consultation regarding a regulation on the electricity power 
system's collateral management. The new guarantee structure now includes two components: an individual 
and a solidary guarantee, which may cover both own responsibilities and the responsibilities of the agents 
in the system, respectively. This new regime attributes to OMIP S.A. the responsibility to perform the 
integrated management of collateral between agents. On 14 February 2020, ERSE's Directive no. 2-A/2020 
was published in the Portuguese official gazette, which approved the electricity power system's collateral 
management regime. 
Electric Mobility 
On 4 November 2019, ERSE Regulation no. 854/2019 (Electric Mobility Regulation) was published and 
revoked the previous regulation (in force since December 2015). This regulation defines how the charging 
stations network should be managed and delineates the roles of the key players involved in the operation 
of the mobility network. On 1 February 2021, ERSE Regulation no. 103/2021, amended ERSE Regulation 
no. 854/2019 related, namely, to the transitory regime of direct current measurement and other specific 
changes arising from the implementation of the regulatory model for defining the allowed revenues for the 
electric mobility network management activity. 
Under the current legal model there is a regulated entity, Mobi.E, to which every charging station integrated 
in the public network must be connected. In the majority of the European countries, there are several 
roaming hubs that ensure the interoperability between different charging stations' operators, allowing users 
to charge their electric vehicle in every charging station, either in or outside their country. The Portuguese 
regulation ensures that any electrical vehicle user is allowed to use any charging station (at national level), 
though it does not consider ad hoc charging and it imposes a regulated roaming entity. 
The network tariff structure applied to electric mobility is fully variable (€/kWh), though it reflects some 
costs related with contracted capacity (kW). In addition, for those private charging stations which decide 
not to integrate the electric mobility network under a contract with Mobi.E, there may still be the necessity 
to contract additional capacity. 
On 27 December 2019, a public tender was launched through Procedure Notice no. 14283/2019 for the 
concession of the operation of electric mobility charging stations. This was an international public tender, 
for the concession to operate the Mobi.E pilot for 10 years and involved 663 Normal Charging Stations. 
The tender was divided into 11 lots (about 60 charging stations per lot), distributed territorially in an 
equitable manner, with each operator, although able to apply to all 11 lots, allowed to obtain a maximum 
of three lots. EDP, GALP, KLC and Power Dot were the four companies selected for the concession for the 
operation of Mobi.E.'s electric mobility charging stations. 
On 28 May 2020, ERSE's Directive 8/2020, approved on 28 April 2020, was published approving the 
general conditions of the contract for joining the electric mobility network and the methodology for 
calculating the guarantees to be provided to the Electric Mobility Network Managing Entity. 
On 28 May 2021, Dispatch no. 5380/2021 was approved, establishing the financial support for network 
access charges for electric mobility and revoking Dispatch no. 3636/2019, of 1 April. 
Extraordinary Contribution to the Energy Sector ("CESE") 
The 2014 state budget law (Law no. 83-C/2013, of 31 December, as amended by Law no. 33/2015, of 27 
April) introduced the CESE, with the stated purpose of funding mechanisms that promote the energy sector 
systemic sustainability, through the establishment of a fund – the Systemic Sustainability Fund for the 
Energy Sector – intended to finance social and environmental policies (two-thirds of CESE revenue) and 
to contribute to the reduction of the tariff debt of the National Electricity System (one-third of CESE 
revenue). CESE corresponds to a tax on the net assets of the energy operators that develop the following 
activities: (i) generation, transport or distribution of electricity; (ii) transport, distribution, storage or

--- Page 150 ---
- 148 - 
 
 
wholesale supply of natural gas; and (iii) refining, treatment, storage, transport, distribution and wholesale 
supply of crude oil and oil products. 
Pursuant to Law no. 71/2018, of 31 December, which approved the state budget for 2019, CESE shall now 
also be levied on generators operating renewable energy power plants that have been licensed under the 
guaranteed remuneration scheme, i.e., selling electricity to the last resort supplier against payment of a 
legally or contractually determined feed-in tariff. These generators were, to this date, exempted from paying 
CESE. 
With the enactment of Law no. 2/2020, of 31 March, which approved the state budget for 2020, a new 
exemption in respect of CESE has been included and renewable energy power plants with an installed 
capacity below 20MW are now exempt from paying CESE. This exemption shall not apply in respect of 
generators that, in the aggregate of renewable power plants operated, have an installed capacity above 
60MW subject to the guarantee remuneration scheme. Other than that, the state budget law for 2020 
maintains CESE in the same conditions that were in force in previous years. 
Law no. 75-B/2020, of 31 December, which approved the state budget for 2021, kept CESE rules 
unchanged. However, it did state that in 2021 the Portuguese government shall consider a possible review, 
either by changing the rules of incidence or by reducing the tax rates. This is in light of the Portuguese 
government's purpose for a sustainable reduction of the tariff deficit and the implementation of alternative 
funding sources for social/environmental policies in the energy sector, aiming to stabilise the legal 
framework and reduce litigation. 
CESE initially emerged as an extraordinary measure, with a temporary nature. Nevertheless, and unlike 
originally proposed, CESE has been continuously extended under each year's state budget law, while its 
revenue has not been serving the legal stated purpose. Although having paid this levy since its introduction 
in 2014, EDP disputed its payment with the competent authorities, for disagreeing with the legal and 
constitutional basis of CESE, and initially suspended payment in 2017. 
However, Law no. 71/2018, of 31 December reinforced CESE temporary nature, associating it with the 
evolution of the tariff debt of the National Electricity System, and Decree-Law 109-A/2018, of 7 December, 
established an allocation of a greater part of this levy revenue (two-thirds) to the reduction of such debt. 
EDP proceeded with CESE payments related to 2017, 2018 and 2019. Furthermore, on 29 October 2020, 
EDP announced that it withdrew its claims to dispute the legality and constitutionality of CESE. 
REN – Armazenagem S.A. ("REN Armazenagem") was also contesting CESE and, on 10 January 2019, 
REN – Redes Energéticas Nacionais, SGPS, S.A. announced that it was notified of the decision of the 
Constitutional Court that analysed the appeal filed by REN Armazenagem towards the declaration of 
illegality of the collection of CESE in 2014 and that: 
(i) 
the Constitutional Court ruled against the unconstitutionality of the applicable rules of the legal 
framework of CESE approved by Law 83-C/2013 of 31 December; and 
(ii) 
the Constitutional Court limited the scope of the appeal to the CESE in force in 2014 and did not 
analyse the constitutionality of the rules that govern CESE for the following years, i.e. from 2015 
to 2019. 
It is not possible at this stage to make an assessment of the impact (if any) of this decision for EDP. 
Law no. 2/2020, of 31 March, which approved the state budget for 2020, determines that the CESE regime 
shall apply in 2020 with a few amendments, such as the new wording approved for article 4 of the 
mentioned regime. 
As such, the activity of electricity generation through power plants that use renewable resources and have 
an installed power lower than 20 MW are exempted from CESE. Such exemption will not apply to taxpayers 
that operate renewable energy power plants benefiting from guaranteed remuneration with a total of 60 
MW. The remaining exemptions (and corresponding exceptions), as approved by the state budget law for 
2019, will still apply in 2020. 
Furthermore, pursuant to article 377 of Law no. 2/2020, the Portuguese government is authorised to amend 
the CESE regime to (i) reduce CESE rates, having as limit the percentage corresponding to the reduction

--- Page 151 ---
- 149 - 
 
 
of the tariff debt as proposed by ERSE for 2020; (ii) reduce CESE rates applicable to the petroleum sector, 
considering the need to finance social and environmental policies within the energy sector and the existence 
of other measures that may substitute these revenues; (iii) review the rules regarding the taxable events in 
the supply sector of the Natural Gas National System, to allow the update of the economic value equivalent 
to the long term take-or-pay gas contracts, considering the information on their actual value; and (iv) 
establish a CESE exemption for power plants that use urban waste operated by waste management entities. 
Taxation of energy products and electricity ("ISP") and CO2 additional tax 
The 2018 state budget law (Law no. 114/2017, of 29 December), removed certain exemptions in the scope 
of the tax regime of energy products, in particular, (i) bituminous coal used to produce electricity and/or 
used in cogeneration facilities and (ii) bituminous coal, fuel oil and natural gas used to produce electricity 
and/or used in cogeneration facilities subject to ETS. The elimination of this exemption shall apply to Sines 
power plant. This tax, both for ISP and CO2 added tax, will increase its rate progressively until 2022 (10 
per cent. for 2018; 25 per cent. for 2019; 50 per cent. for 2020; 75 per cent. for 2021; 100 per cent. for 
2022). Half of the tax revenues shall be allocated to the National Electricity System or to reduce the tariff 
deficit and the remaining 50 per cent. shall be allocated to the Environmental Fund. 
The 2019 state budget law (Law no. 71/2018, of 31 December), kept the percentage of the tax over energy 
products for coal power-plants unchanged (25 per cent. for 2019), both for ISP and CO2 added tax. 
Regarding the CO2 added tax, this 25 per cent. are applied to the difference between a CO2 reference price 
of €20/ton CO2 and the average price from CELE auctions, considering a cap of €5/ton of CO2 (for 2019 
this difference is set at €5/ton). 50 per cent. of this revenue shall be allocated to National Electricity System 
or to a reduction of the tariff deficit, 40 per cent. shall be assigned to the Environmental Fund and the 
remaining 10 per cent. shall be allocated to the Fund for Innovation, Technology and Circular Economy. 
With the state budget law for 2020, the following percentages for the tax over oil and energy products used 
in the generation of electricity in 2020 are established: for coal power-plants – 50 per cent., both for ISP 
and CO2 added tax (regarding the CO2 added tax, this 50 per cent. is applied to the difference between a 
CO2 reference price of €25/ton CO2 and the average price from CELE auctions, considering a cap of €5/ton 
of CO2 - for 2020 this difference is set at €5/ton); for natural gas used in electricity generation – 10 per 
cent., both for ISP and CO2; and for fuel oil used in electricity generation – 25 per cent. both for ISP and 
CO2. 
CO2 added tax over natural gas and fuel oil used in electricity generation will not apply to ETS facilities. 
The corresponding tax revenues (that will not apply to biofuel, biomethane, green hydrogen and others 
renewable gases) are allocated 50 per cent. to the National Electricity System or to the reduction of the 
tariff deficit and 50 per cent. to the Environmental Fund. 
On 4 December 2020, Ministerial Order no. 277/2020 was published, which established, for 2021, that CO2 
added tax foreseen in article 92-A (2) in the Excise Duty Code is €23,921 ton/ CO2. 
With the state budget law for 2021, the following percentages for the tax over oil and energy products used 
in the generation of electricity are established: for coal power-plants – 75 per cent., both for ISP and CO2 
added tax (but it has no impact on Sines Power Plant, with early closure by January 2021); for natural gas 
used in electricity generation and in cogeneration facilities – 20 per cent., both for ISP and CO2 (CO2 added 
tax over natural gas used in electricity generation and in cogeneration will not apply to ETS facilities).

--- Page 152 ---
- 150 - 
 
 
Gas Sector: Regulatory Framework 
1. 
Overview 
The general basis, principles and model of organisation of the Portuguese Natural Gas System ("SNGN"), 
were established through Decree-Law no. 30/2006, of 15 February, and Decree-Law no. 140/2006, of 26 
July, both amended by Decree-Law no. 66/2010, of 11 June, and the former amended by Decree-Law no. 
77/2011, of 20 June. 
Thereafter, Decree-Laws no. 230/2012 and 231/2012, of 26 October, were published, completing the 
transposition of the Directive 2009/73/EC, and introducing new modifications to Decree-Law no. 30/2006, 
of 15 February, and to Decree-Law no. 140/2006, of 26 July. These acts introduced important 
modifications: (i) the requirements related to the independence, legal separation and ownership unbundling 
of the transmission network operator were reinforced, with the aim of assuring the independence and 
eliminating the network access discrimination risk; (ii) the legal separation requirements were equally 
clarified for all the remaining operators in the gas sector (LNG terminal, underground natural gas storage 
and distribution network operators); and (iii) the statutes of the suppliers were clarified, with particular 
reference to the last resort suppliers playing in the SNGN. 
Both Decree-Law no. 30/2006, of 15 February, and Decree-Law no. 140/2006, of 26 July, were recently 
revoked by Decree-Law no. 62/2020, of 28 August ("Decree-Law no. 62/2020"), as amended by 
Rectification no. 40-C/2020, of 27 October, which transposes Directive 2019/692 and establishes, in a 
consolidated way, the organisation and functioning of the Portuguese Gas System ("PGS"). Decree-Law 
no. 62/2020 encompasses not only the legal regime applicable to the activities of natural gas (formerly 
covered by the abovementioned Decree-Law no. 30/2006 and Decree-Law no. 140/2006), but also 
introduces the legal framework applicable to the production and introduction in the PGS of low carbon 
gases and gases of renewable origin. 
The PGS is currently divided into six major activities: reception, storage and regasification of LNG, 
underground storage of natural gas, transmission, distribution, supply and logistic operations for switching 
between suppliers. 
Activities related to the reception, storage and regasification of LNG, underground storage of natural gas, 
and transmission of natural gas are regulated and provided through the award of public service concessions. 
Natural gas distribution is regulated and carried out through the award of public service concessions or 
licences. The supply of natural gas is open to competition and only requires compliance with a licensing or 
registration procedure. 
On 1 April 2019, ERSE published an update to natural gas regulations (the Tariff, Commercial Relations 
and Access to the Networks, Infrastructure and Interconnections Regulations) that had been under public 
consultation since January 2019, aiming to prepare the next regulatory period. One of the outcomes of the 
public consultation was the extension of the regulatory periods to four years. 
ERSE approved the new gas codes, completing the adaptation of the regulation to the new national legal 
framework that now includes the production of renewable gases and low-carbon gases, through Regulation 
no. 341/2021, of 14 April, on Infrastructure Operation (revoking ERSE Regulation no. 417/2016, of 14 
April); Regulation no. 368/2021, of 28 April, related to the Tariffs Regulation and Regulation no. 407/2021, 
of 12 May, on Access to Networks, Infrastructures and Interconnections ERSE also approved the extension 
of the guarantees’ regime to the gas market, through Directive no.7/2021, published in the Portuguese 
official gazette on 15 April 2021. 
MIBGAS 
During the last decade, the Portuguese and Spanish governments made their best efforts to establish a stable 
framework that would enable gas system operators in both countries to develop their activity in the Iberian 
Peninsula, the Iberian Natural Gas Market ("MIBGAS"). 
The construction of this framework started with the creation of the market operator MIBGAS, S.A., which 
started the negotiation of natural gas products on 16 December 2015. MIBGAS, S.A. started trading 
Portuguese products in 2017.

--- Page 153 ---
- 151 - 
 
 
MIBGAS liquidity is below the liquidity levels of the main European gas hubs. Therefore, measures were 
taken to increase market liquidity, including the regular appointment of voluntary market creators and 
compulsory market creators. 
2. 
Natural Gas Supply 
EDP operates in the supply of natural gas market, which is open to competition, subject only to prior 
registration with DGEG. EDP's licensed supplier of natural gas for the liberalised market is EDP Comercial. 
Decree-Law no. 60/2019, of 13 May, also established a reduced VAT rate (6 per cent.) regarding the fixed 
component of the third-party access from the natural gas supply, maintaining the remaining invoice at the 
normal VAT rate (23 per cent.).  This is applicable to the natural gas supply (low pressure <= 10 000 
m3/year) and entered into force on 1 July 2019. 
Suppliers may openly buy and sell natural gas. For this purpose, they have the right to access the natural 
gas transmission and distribution networks upon payment of an access tariff set by ERSE. The Natural Gas 
Framework enumerates certain public service obligations for suppliers to ensure the quality and continuity 
of supply, as well as consumer protection with respect to prices, access tariffs and access to information in 
simple and understandable terms. 
The Natural Gas Legal Framework also establishes the existence of a gross last resort supplier and of retail 
last resort suppliers, licensed by DGEG and subject to regulation by ERSE. As last resort suppliers are 
required to be legally separated from all other activities (unless they supply less than 100,000 clients), 
EDP's last resort supplier activity is undertaken by its subsidiary, EDP Gás SU, in the concession area of 
REN Portgás Distribuição, S.A., which covers the districts of Oporto, Braga and Viana do Castelo, in the 
Northern coastal region of Portugal. 
The allowed revenues of the last resort suppliers are defined by ERSE on an annual basis according to the 
parameters set at the beginning of each regulatory period. On 30 June 2016, ERSE released the parameters 
for the new regulatory period 2016-2019. The allowed revenues of EDP Gás SU were set as follows: (i) the 
retailing activity is remunerated through the application of a rate of return to the working capital, in addition 
of a retail margin of €4/client/year; and (ii) the OPEX is subject to a price-cap mechanism, with an 
efficiency factor of 2.0 per cent. The working capital is remunerated by a 6.20 per cent. reference rate of 
return, indexed to the evolution of the yield of the 10-year Portuguese Treasury bonds between April of 
year "t-1" and March of year "t". This mechanism sets a floor and a cap of 5.70 per cent. and 9.30 per cent., 
respectively. 
ERSE Directive no. 11/2020, of 1 June, published in the Portuguese official gazette on 25 June, approved 
the regulated tariffs to be applicable between July 2020 and June 2021. ERSE issued a rectification of this 
Directive, which was published in the Portuguese official gazette on 11 August 2020. 
Following the recent decrease in the wholesale natural gas prices, ERSE Directive no. 12/2020, of 1 June, 
was published in the Portuguese official gazette on 30 June, approving a reduction of the Energy Tariff, 
with effect on 1 July 2020, corresponding to a -3.3 per cent. variation in the low-pressure end-user regulated 
tariffs for clients with an annual consumption of less than 10.000 m3. 
Logistic operations for switching suppliers 
Switching to the liberalised market is open to all natural gas consumers as of January 2010. Since then, 
natural gas consumers are free to choose their supplier and are exempt from any payment when switching 
suppliers. Decree-Law no. 140/2006, of 26 July, introduced a new entity, the OLMC, regulated by ERSE, 
responsible for overseeing the logistical operations that facilitate consumer switching in both the electricity 
and the natural gas sectors. Decree-Law no. 38/2017, of 31 March, established the legal regime applicable 
to the OLMC for electricity and natural gas, attributing this function to ADENE. 
Phasing out of end-user regulated tariffs 
The phasing out of end-user regulated tariffs began in 2010, pursuant to Decree-Law no. 66/2010, of 11 
June, which approved the termination of the end-user regulated tariff for large clients (with an annual gas 
consumption greater than 10,000 m3) as of 1 July 2010, and their replacement by a transitory end-user 
regulated tariff, set by ERSE. In its turn, Decree-Law no. 74/2012, of 26 March, approved the timetable for 
the termination of the end-user regulated tariff and the introduction of a transitory end-user regulated tariff

--- Page 154 ---
- 152 - 
 
 
for clients with annual gas consumption lower than 10,000 m3 as follows: (i) 1 July 2012 for clients with 
an annual gas consumption greater than 500 m3; and (ii) 1 January 2013, for the remainder. By law, the last 
resort suppliers must continue to supply the natural gas consumers that have yet to migrate to the liberalised 
market. 
To encourage costumer switching to the liberalised market, Ministerial Order no. 108-A/2015, of 14 April, 
amended by Ministerial Order no. 359/2015, of 14 October, approved the application of an aggravating 
factor to the transitory end-user regulated tariffs set by ERSE. Dispatch no. 11412/2015, of 30 September, 
updated the parameters used to compute the aggravating factors according to the mechanism established in 
Ministerial Order no. 108-A/2015, of 14 April. 
The termination of the transitory end-user regulated tariffs was initially scheduled to occur on (i) 31 March 
2011 for large clients; (ii) 31 December 2014 for clients with an annual gas consumption between 10,000 
m3 and 500 m3; and (iii) 31 December 2015 for the remainder. However, these deadlines have been 
continuously postponed and, following the enactment of Ministerial Order no. 83/2020, of 1 April, the 
phasing out of the transitory end-user regulated tariffs is now scheduled to be completed by: (i) 31 
December 2022, for low pressure natural gas supply to clients with an annual consumption higher than 
10,000m3 and (ii) 31 December 2025, for natural gas supply to clients with an annual consumption below 
10,000 m3. After this, last resort suppliers will only be allowed to supply economically vulnerable 
consumers, as defined by Decree-Law no. 231/2012, of 26 October. However, economically vulnerable 
consumers were granted the right to choose whether to continue to be supplied by the last resort supplier or 
by a regular supplier, maintaining in any case the right to benefit from the legally established tariff 
discounts. 
Social Tariffs 
The natural gas social tariff was established by Decree-Law no. 101/2011, of 30 September, corresponding 
to a discount applied to the low-pressure access tariff borne by natural gas customers. The procedures and 
conditions for the attribution of the electricity social tariff are regulated by the provisions of Ministerial 
Order no.178-C/2016, of 1 July, as amended by Ministerial Order no. 12/2021, of 11 January. 
In addition, Decree-Law no. 102/2011, of 30 September, regulated by Ministerial Orders no. 275-A/2011 
and no. 275-B/2011, of 30 September, introduced the ASECE, corresponding to a 13.8 per cent. discount 
applied to the natural gas bill before taxes, borne by the Portuguese taxpayers. 
The 2016 state budget law (Law no.7-A/2016, of 30 March) introduced important changes in the support 
mechanisms addressing energy poverty, creating a unique and automatic model to assign social tariffs to 
economically vulnerable customers. At the same time, it determined the incorporation of ASECE into the 
social tariff discount (revoking Decree-Law no. 102/2011, of 30 September). 
The rate of discount of the social tariff is established annually by Dispatch of the member of the Portuguese 
government responsible for energy issues. Dispatch no.3163/2021, of 24 March, keeps the 31.2 per cent. 
discount rate for the tariff period between 2021 and 2022, with effect on 1 October 2021. 
The 2018 state budget law (Law no. 114/2017, of 29 December) provides for changes to the way the costs 
with the social tariff are funded, by determining that these costs should be borne by the natural gas 
transportation companies and suppliers, as a pro rata of the amount of gas supplied in the previous year. 
As per the Portuguese government's request, the Attorney General's office issued an opinion on the state 
budget law's provision that establishes social tariff's funding in which it argues that all companies 
responsible for the transportation of natural gas shall borne the costs with the social tariff and that these 
shall include the TSO, as well as the DSO. 
Following the homologation of such opinion by the Secretary of State for Energy, and even though the 
interpretation contained therein only binds the public services that requested said opinion, ERSE amended 
the Tariff Code as to reflect the interpretation of the Attorney General's office opinion. 
In fact, these changes became effective as of 1 July 2018, after ERSE introduced the necessary amendments 
to the Natural Gas Tariff Code and to the Natural Gas Commercial Relations Code2, with the adoption of 
 
2 
From 1 January 2021, the Natural Gas Commercial Relations Code was substituted by the new common electric and gas sectors 
Commercial Relations Code, approved by ERSE’s Regulation no. 7/2020, of 10 November.

--- Page 155 ---
- 153 - 
 
 
Regulations no. 385/2018, of 1 June, published in the Portuguese official gazette on 21 June, and no. 
387/2018, of 1 June, published in the Portuguese official gazette on 22 June, respectively. 
On 26 November 2020, Decree-Law no. 100/2020 extended the requirements to benefit from the electricity 
and natural gas social tariff, in particular to include all unemployment situations in addition to those that 
already exist and, also, to the beneficiaries of the disability social pension under the special disability 
protection regime or the "prestação social para a inclusão" (a social allowance which aims to improve the 
social protection of persons with disabilities and to encourage their participation in society and the labour 
workforce). 
3. 
COVID-19 - Extraordinary measures in the energy sector 
Following the outbreak of the novel coronavirus, a state of emergency was declared in Portugal, by 
Presidential Decree no. 14-A/2020, of 18 March, as authorised by the Portuguese parliament's Resolution 
no. 15-A/2020, of 18 March. 
In addition to a number of measures that have been implemented to prevent further spread of COVID-19, 
the Portuguese government approved Decree no. 2-A/2020, of 20 March, which regulates the state of 
emergency. 
Pursuant to article 26 of said Decree, which establishes that the members of the government responsible 
for environmental affairs shall establish adequate measures to guarantee the urban water cycle, electricity 
and gas, as well as oil derivatives and natural gas and solid waste treatment and collection, the Minister for 
the Environment and Climate Action has approved Order no. 3547-A/2020, of 22 March, aiming at 
implementing the state of emergency with respect to essential public services, in particular to energy supply, 
including electricity and natural gas, and liquid fuels and liquified petroleum gas ("LPG"). 
To guarantee the continuity of energy supply, including electricity and natural gas, as well as the supply of 
liquid fuels, such as gasoline and diesel, and of LPG, such as propane and butane, the following measures 
must be complied with, notwithstanding the directives, recommendations and regulations of the national 
regulatory authorities and DGEG: 
 
in order to maintain the operation of the strategic network of gas stations and the management of 
the Portuguese state's emergency stockpiles, a number of facilities and companies must continue 
to operate, in particular the Sines and Matosinhos refineries, storage facilities, gas stations 
(including the ones that supply vessels and that fill and distribute LPG bottles), companies that 
distribute and transport liquid and gaseous fuels and the international airports of Lisbon, Oporto 
and Faro; 
 
the continuity of natural gas distribution shall be guaranteed by the relevant entities, who must 
maintain the operation of the national distribution system and the logistics of liquified natural gas 
supply, and must also deal with the system's malfunctions, technical assistance to clients, urgent 
connections and reconnections and service orders that have been scheduled with clients; 
 
the continuity of electricity and natural gas transmission and natural gas storage must be 
guaranteed by the relevant entities, who must, in particular, maintain the operation of the electricity 
and natural gas transmission dispatch and operation centre in Sacavém and Vermoim and of the 
natural gas storage infrastructure in Bucelas and respond to incidents and malfunctions situations 
in the electricity and the natural gas transmission systems' infrastructure; 
 
in order to guarantee the continuity of electricity distribution, the distribution system operators 
(including low voltage distribution systems) must implement all necessary measures to manage, 
operate and maintain the grids, lines, transformation substations and ancillary infrastructures, as 
well as maintain operation of electricity dispatch, repair malfunctions in street lightning, maintain 
clients' technical assistance and urgent connections and reconnections and service orders that have 
been scheduled with clients. 
Pursuant to Law no. 7/2020, of 10 April, during the declaration of the state of emergency and the following 
month, the supply of electricity and natural gas cannot be suspended or interrupted. Law no. 18/2020, of 
29 May, had extended this prohibition until 30 September 2020 for any consumers either: (i) undergoing

--- Page 156 ---
- 154 - 
 
 
unemployment; (ii) having had a reduction of at least 20 per cent. in income; or (iii) affected by COVID-
19. 
Additionally, DGEG approved Orders no. 27/2020, of 20 March, and no. 33/2020, of 31 April, determining 
the following: 
 
the suspension of the procedural deadlines established by the legislation applicable to the 
electricity sector as of 16 March 2020; 
 
this suspension shall cease with the reopening of DGEG's facilities on 1 June 2020 or on a date 
established by decree-law, whichever occurs first; 
 
the deadlines ending during the suspension period shall be extended for an additional period 
corresponding to the number of business days between the beginning of the suspension and the 
deadline established for such action or formality, starting on the first business day following the 
DGEG's reopening; 
 
the submission of the following requests (submitted after March 21) is suspended until the end of 
May 2020: 
i. 
capacity reservation titles; 
ii. 
agreements to obtain grid capacity; 
iii. 
registration of small-scale and self-consumption power plants, except small-scale units 
for concept demonstration or experimental projects to be installed in the maritime area or 
on inland waters, as well as registration requests or communications regarding self-
consumption power plants that will not inject energy into the grid; 
iv. 
generation licenses; and 
v. 
establishment licenses for grid infrastructures such as lines and substations, with the 
exception of public or private service infrastructures that may be deemed urgent by the 
DGEG. 
In addition, ERSE approved Regulations no. 255-A/2020, of 18 March, effective as of 13 March 2020, and 
Regulation no. 356-A/2020, of 8 April, that established extraordinary measures due to the COVID-19 
outbreak that were in place until 30 June 2020. These included the following: 
 
the supply of electricity to normal low voltage clients and of natural gas to low pressure clients 
with an annual consumption equal or lower than 10,000 m3 (n) can only be interrupted, for reasons 
attributable to the clients, after an additional period of 30 days after the period established by the 
Commercial Relations Regulation; 
 
defaulting clients may request to pay by instalments (between 6 and 12 monthly instalments with 
a minimum payment of €5); 
 
system operators must prioritise all actions destined to guarantee energy supply to priority 
facilities, such as hospitals and other health facilities, as well as public security and civil protection 
facilities; 
 
except for urgent situations with priority clients, distribution system operators, suppliers of last 
resort and suppliers must avoid all direct contact with the clients at their homes; and 
 
except for urgent situations with priority clients, the regulatory deadlines applicable to distribution 
system operators, suppliers of last resort and suppliers in connection with client care are extended 
for an additional period corresponding to half of the applicable deadline; however this shall not 
apply to other legal and regulatory deadlines, in particular the ones related to information and 
report obligations.

--- Page 157 ---
- 155 - 
 
 
The state budget law for 2021 foresees that, during the first semester of 2021, the suspension of essential 
services (eg. electricity and natural gas) are not allowed. In 2020, Law 18/2020 established a similar 
initiative, but it applied only for situations of unemployment, reduction of the household income equal or 
higher than 20 per cent. or COVID-19 infection. Such conditions will now apply only to electronic 
communications and, for all other essential services, and this inhibition would apply to all consumers. 
On 15 January 2021, Decree-Law no. 6-E/2021, established an extraordinary support regime for Portuguese 
consumers in the payment of the electricity bill. This regime will consist of two distinct parts: (i) the first 
part will be directed to approximately 800,000 families benefiting from the electricity social tariff, who will 
benefit from an extraordinary support regime (an extra 10 per cent. reduction in the electricity bill relating 
to January 2021) during the lockdown period (which was until 16 March 2021) and will be applied directly 
on the bill of the domestic consumers by the suppliers (attributable on a daily basis during the lockdown 
period); and (ii) the other part will be aimed at all families with a contracted power of 6.9 kVA or less and 
which will benefit around 5.2 million consumers, motivated by the sharp drop in temperature for the first 
15 days of January 2021 (the discount is made in form of a onetime payment, equal to the amounts 
applicable to the discount related to the social tariff multiplied by a factor of 15). This extraordinary support 
regime is borne by the Environmental Fund. 
On 29 January 2021, ERSE published Instruction no. 1/2021 that operationalised the extraordinary support 
regime for consumers in the payment of the electricity bill, in line with that established in the Decree-Law 
no. 6-E/2021, of 15 January. 
Given the persistence of the COVID-19 pandemic and the declaration of state of emergency as of 1 January 
2021, and after having approved a set of exceptional and urgent measures in 2020, ERSE approved, through 
Regulation no. 180/2021, of 2 March, exceptional measures, in particular the adoption of rules for the 
phased payment of energy bills. On 20 May 2021, Law no. 29/2021 was published, which established that, 
for a period up to 60 days, it is possible to suspend electricity and natural gas supply contracts for micro 
and small enterprises and sole proprietorships in a business crisis situation or companies whose premises 
are closed as part of the measures to control the COVID-19 pandemic. This document also allocates to 
ERSE the responsibility for defining the application model. Law no. 29/2021, also established that while 
the suspension is maintained, both parties are released from the obligations arising from the contract. 
On 26 May 2021, ERSE published Instruction no. 5/2021, which defines the model for the request for 
exceptional and temporary suspension of essential services supply contracts in the context of the COVID-
19 pandemic, as foreseen by Law no. 29/2021. 
On 7 July 2021, Decree-Law no. 56-B/2021 was published, establishing that during the second semester of 
2021, the suspension of essential services (eg. electricity and natural gas) will continue to not be allowed. 
On 8 August 2021, Decree-Law no. 70-A/2021 was published, amending Decree-Law no. 56-B/2021, and 
clarifying that the prohibition of suspension of essential services during the second semester of 2021 will 
apply for any consumers either: (i) undergoing unemployment; (ii) having had a reduction of at least 20 per 
cent. in income; or (iii) affected by COVID-19.

--- Page 158 ---
- 156 - 
 
 
Market Regulators 
Responsibility for regulation of the Portuguese energy sector is shared between DGEG, ERSE and the 
Portuguese Competition Authority, according to their respective functions and responsibilities. 
DGEG 
DGEG has primary responsibility for the conception, promotion and evaluation of policies concerning 
energy and geological resources and has the stated aim of assisting the sustainable development and the 
security of energy supply in Portugal. Namely, DGEG is responsible for: assisting in defining, enacting, 
evaluating and implementing energy policies; promoting and preparing the legal and regulatory framework 
underlying the development of the generation, transmission, distribution and consumption of electricity; 
supporting the Ministry of the Economy at an international and European level; supervising compliance 
with the legal and regulatory framework that underpins the Portuguese energy sector (particularly in 
connection with the electricity transmission network and the electricity distribution network); approving 
the issuance, modification and revocation of electricity generation licences; conducting the public tender 
procedure for the attribution of network interconnection points in the renewable energy sector; and issuing 
opinions concerning the energy sector. 
DGEG is also responsible for proposing the Distribution Network Regulation and the Transmission 
Network Regulation of the Portuguese Electricity System. These regulations identify the assets of both 
networks and set out the conditions for their operation, notably regarding the control, management and 
maintenance of the network, technical conditions applicable to the installations connected to the network, 
support systems and reading and measurement systems. Both the Distribution Network Regulation and the 
Transmission Network Regulation were approved by Ministerial Order no. 596/2010, of 30 July. 
ERSE 
ERSE was appointed as the independent regulator of electricity services in February 1997. On 2002, ERSE's 
authority with respect to the electricity sector was extended to the autonomous regions of Madeira and 
Azores and later, in 2006, to the natural gas sector. Recently, Decree-Law no. 57-A/2018, of 13 July, 
expanded the scope of ERSE's regulatory overview to the sectors of LPG, oil-based fuels and biofuels. 
In 2012, Decree-Law no. 212/2012, of 25 September, revised ERSE's statutes with an emphasis on the 
reinforcement of the regulator's powers, namely those applicable to sanctions. Accordingly, Law no. 
9/2013, of 28 January, established the sanctioning regime applicable to the electricity and natural gas 
sectors and formally granted ERSE powers to initiate legal proceedings and apply sanctions to the entities 
operating in these sectors. 
According to ERSE statutes, ERSE is responsible for the establishment and for the approval of tariffs and 
regulated prices for electricity and natural gas. No later than 15 December of each year, ERSE publishes a 
document defining the allowed revenues of the regulated activities and the electricity tariffs for the 
following year. The procedure is identical for gas, but with nearly a 6-month lag, taking place no later than 
1 June of each year. Every three years, ERSE publishes a document containing the parameters for each new 
regulatory period. The tariffs and prices for electricity and other services in 2020 were approved by ERSE 
Directive no. 12/2019, of 16 December 2019. The tariffs and prices for natural gas in the gas year 2019-
2020 were approved by ERSE Directive no. 12/2019, of 31 May, published in the Portuguese official 
gazette on 1 July. 
The approval of the main regulations applicable to the Portuguese electricity and natural gas systems is also 
assigned to ERSE as set forth below: 
(i) 
The Electricity Tariff Code (Regulation no. 619/2017, of 23 November, published in the 
Portuguese official gazette on 18 December, as amended by Regulation no. 76/2019, of 13 
December and published in the Portuguese official gazette on 18 January and further amended by 
Regulation no. 496/2020, of 12 May, published in the Portuguese official gazette on 26 May) and 
the Natural Gas Tariff Code (Regulation no. 368/2021, published in the Portuguese official gazette 
on 28 April, revoked by Regulation no.461/2019, of 23 April) established the methodology for 
determining the allowed revenues of the regulated companies and setting the regulated tariffs, 
including the criteria to settle the tariff structure.

--- Page 159 ---
- 157 - 
 
 
(ii) 
The Electricity and Gas Commercial Relations Code (Regulation no. 7/2020, of 9 December, 
published in the Portuguese official gazette as Regulation no. 1129/2020 on 30 December) set the 
provisions governing the commercial and contractual relationship between the agents operating in 
the electricity and gas sectors, including the commercial conditions under which the connection to 
the energy grid can be established and the rules to be observed in the process of switching suppliers.   
(iii) 
The Quality of Service Code (Regulation no. 406/2021, published in the Portuguese official gazette 
on 12 May, revoked Regulation no. 629/2017, of 23 November, published in the Portuguese official 
gazette on 20 December) set the standards for the technical and commercial quality of service to 
be rendered in all services provided by the network operators and suppliers of the Portuguese 
electricity and natural gas systems. 
(iv) 
The Electricity Access to the Network and Interconnections Code (Regulation no. 560/2014, of 10 
December, published in the Portuguese official gazette on 22 December, amended by Regulation 
no. 620/2017, of 23 November, published in the Portuguese official gazette on 18 December) and 
the Natural Gas Access to the Networks, Infrastructure and Interconnections Code (Regulation no. 
407/2021, published in the Portuguese official gazette on 12 May, revoked Regulation no. 
435/2016, of 14 April, published in the Portuguese official gazette on 9 May, amended by 
Regulation no. 362/2019, of 1 April, published in the Portuguese official gazette on 23 April) 
defined the technical and commercial conditions under which third parties may access the energy 
infrastructure, including the criteria for the network operators to refuse access. 
(v) 
The Electricity Networks Operation Code (Regulation no. 557/2014, 10 December, published in 
the Portuguese official gazette on 19 December, amended by Regulation no. 621/2017, of 23 
November, published in the Portuguese official gazette on 18 December) and the Natural Gas 
Infrastructure Operation Code (Regulation no.341/2021, published in the Portuguese official 
gazette on 14 April) laid down the procedures for managing the electricity/natural gas flows in the 
electricity transmission network/ natural gas transmission network, underground storage facilities 
and LNG terminals, while ensuring interoperability with the networks connected to these 
infrastructures. 
Portuguese Competition Authority 
Portugal’s competition act, Law no. 19/2012, of 8 May, has been in force since 8 July 2012 and follows 
closely the wording of the fundamental anti-trust provisions contained in the Treaty on the Functioning of 
the EU and of the EU Merger Control Regulation. 
Competition rules in Portugal are enforced by an independent agency, AdC. To that end, AdC has a number 
of sanctioning, supervisory and regulatory powers which include investigative prerogatives to perform 
inquiries of legal representatives of companies or associations of companies, request documents or 
information and conduct searches at business and non-business premises, including private domiciles. AdC 
is expected to strengthen its investigation powers shortly as a result of the upcoming implementation of 
Directive (EU) 2019/1 of the European Parliament and of the Council of 11 December 2018 to empower 
the competition authorities of the Member States to be more effective enforcers and to ensure the proper 
functioning of the internal market. On 20 May 2021, the Council of Ministers submitted the implementing 
bill to the Portuguese parliament for its approval. AdC will notably gain the power to access any 
technological device, including smartphones, tablets, or cloud servers, to seize evidence in antitrust 
investigations, whereas thus far AdC has only inspected computers. 
AdC may also impose fines on companies and individuals that do not comply with EU and Portuguese 
competition rules. Penalties can amount to 10 per cent. of a group's annual turnover or 10 per cent. of an 
individual's annual income in the previous year.

--- Page 160 ---
- 158 - 
 
 
SPAIN 
Electricity Sector:  Regulatory Framework 
1. 
Overview 
The main characteristics of the Spanish electricity sector are the existence of the wholesale Spanish 
generation market since 1998 (also referred to as the "Spanish Pool"), and the fact that all consumers have 
been free to choose their supplier since 1 January 2003. Additionally, since 2006, bilateral contracts and 
the forward market (long-term energy acquisition contracts) have made up a larger part of the market. 
All generators provide electricity at market prices to the Spanish Pool and under bilateral contracts to 
consumers and other suppliers at agreed prices. Suppliers, including last resort suppliers, and consumers 
can buy electricity in this pool. Foreign companies may also buy and sell in the Spanish pool and in the 
forward markets. 
The market operator and agency responsible for the market's economic management and bidding process 
is OMIE (see "Regulatory framework—Iberian Peninsula—MIBEL Overview"), while - Red Eléctrica de 
España, S.A. ("REE") is the operator and manager of the transmission grid and sole transmission agent. 
REE, as the transmission company, together with the regulated distributors, provide network access to all 
consumers. However, consumers must pay an access tariff or toll for the transmission and the distribution. 
Comisión Nacional de los Mercados y la Competencia ("CNMC") is the national regulatory authority of 
the Spanish energy markets according to Law 3/2013. 
Liberalised suppliers are free to set a price for their customers. The main direct activity costs of these 
entities are the wholesale market price and the regulated access tariffs and charges to be paid to the 
distribution companies. Electricity generators and suppliers or consumers may also engage in bilateral 
contracts without participating in the wholesale market. 
As from 1 July 2009, last resort suppliers, appointed by the Spanish government, supply electricity at a 
regulated tariff set by the Spanish government to the last resort consumers (low-voltage electricity 
consumers whose contracted power is less than or equal to 10 kW). Since then, distributors have not been 
permitted to supply electricity. In January 2014, the last resort tariff was replaced by the "Voluntary Price 
for the Small Consumer" (Precio Voluntario para el Pequeño Consumidor) ("PVPC"). 
Royal Decree-Law no. 6/2010 created a new player responsible for developing the supply of energy to 
recharge electric vehicles. However, since the introduction of Royal Decree-Law 15/2018, customers 
meeting certain requirements are allowed to supply energy to recharge electric vehicles without licencing. 
As part of the unbundling of the TSOs, Spanish distributors sold their remaining transmission assets to REE 
in 2011, completing the process required by Law no. 17/2007, which established REE as the sole 
transmission agent. 
Through Royal Decree-Law no. 13/2012 and Royal Decree-Law 1/2019, Directive 2009/72/EC has been 
transposed to the Spanish regulation. 
Royal Decree-Law no. 9/2013, of 13 July, included a set of regulatory modifications applicable to the 
Spanish electricity sector that affected the return ratio of energy assets between 2013 and 2019. These 
modifications were confirmed by the enactment of Law no. 24/2013 of the Electricity Sector, of 26 
December, and were primarily aimed at eliminating the tariff deficit. The main modification directly 
implemented by Royal Decree-Law no. 9/2013 was that the return ratio pre-tax of regulated activities was 
indexed to the yield associated with Spanish ten-year sovereign bonds plus a spread. The spread mentioned 
above for distribution and transmission activities was established at 100 basis points for the second half of 
2013 and has been set at 200 basis points between 2014 and 2019. The spread for renewable and combined 
heat and power ("CHP") generation has been set at 300 basis points since the enactment of Royal Decree-
Law no. 9/2013. 
Following the enactment of Law no. 24/2013, the Spanish government implemented a set of additional 
royal decrees that included modifications to regulations governing all activities relating to the provision of 
energy, including renewables, electricity distribution and transmission, as further detailed in the following 
sections.

--- Page 161 ---
- 159 - 
 
 
Royal Decree-Law no. 7/2016 established that discounts in tariffs to vulnerable customers ("Social 
Voucher") would be supported by all supply companies. Royal Decree no. 897/2017 established 
requirements to become vulnerable customer and the applicable discounts. 
Royal Decree-Law no. 15/2018 banished charges and access tariffs to self-customers and allows the shared 
self-consumption (which is, in effect, a pooling system for consumers). However, some points of this decree 
are still not in force until further regulatory development. 
Royal Decree-Law no. 17/2019 set the return ratio for renewable and CHP plants at 7.09 per cent. with 
effect from 1 January 2020. However, the power plant may maintain the previous return ratio (7.4 per cent. 
for power plants built before July 2013 and 7.503 per cent. for power stations built since July 2013) if the 
owner of the power plant gives up all lawsuits and arbitration processes against the remuneration scheme 
approved after Royal Decree no. 661/2007. 
Royal Decree-Law no. 1/2019 gave CNMC the powers to set the return ratio for electricity transmission 
and distribution activities. Thereby, Circular 2/2019 of CNMC established that, with effect from 1 January 
2020 onwards, the return ratio for these activities will be 5.58 per cent. according to a weighted average 
cost of capital ("WACC") methodology. For 2020, as an exceptional measure, a financial remuneration 
rate of 6.003 per cent. will also be applied. 
The National Strategy for the Energy Sector and the Climate Change and Energy Transition Law 
Following the publication of Regulation (EU) 2018/1999 of the European Parliament and of the Council of 
11 December 2018 on the Governance of the Energy Union and Climate Action, the Spanish government 
elaborated a draft National Energy and Climate Plan ("PNIEC") in March 2019 as well as a draft Law for 
Climate Change and Ecological Transition where the Spanish objectives for 2030 were appointed. These 
documents were subject to a public hearing. According to the documents published on the web page of the 
Ministry for the Ecological Transition, energy consumption from renewable resources will have to be at 
least 35 per cent. by 2030 (more than 70 per cent. in the electricity sector), which implies at least 3.000 
MW of new renewable capacity in the electricity sector every year. The final Spanish PNIEC has been 
assessed positively by the EC. 
In the first semester of 2021, progress in the development of the PNIEC focused on actions such as the 
approval of the Energy Storage Strategy, the publication of the proposed "Roadmap for Offshore Wind and 
Marine Energies", the "Biogas Roadmap" and the development of the "Just Transition Strategy" (which 
aims to promote regions where coal or nuclear power plants are being closed). 
In May 2021, the Climate Change and Energy Transition Law was published (Law 7/2021). This will be 
the regulatory framework which will underpin the Spanish government's future environmental regulations 
and is in line with the EU's climate strategy and the Paris Agreement. 
The Spanish government's commitment to decarbonisation was reflected in the emission reduction targets 
in the diffuse sectors (mobility, thermal uses in buildings, waste or agriculture) which, with a cut of 39 per 
cent., is 13 per cent. above the target of 26 per cent. set by the EU. Similarly, whilst the EU targets 
renewable energy consumption between 38-40 per cent. and energy efficiency between 36-37 per cent. by 
2030, the PNIEC establishes a 42 per cent. and 39.5 per cent. target for Spain, respectively.  
Electricity Sector Act 
The enactment of Law no. 54/1997 on the electricity sector gradually changed the Spanish electricity sector 
from a state-controlled system to a free-market system with elements of free competition and liberalisation. 
Law no. 54/1997 was intended to guarantee that the supply of electricity in Spain is provided at high quality 
and lowest possible cost. In order to achieve those targets, the Electricity Sector Act provides for: 
 
the unbundling of regulated (transmission, distribution, technical management of the system and 
economic management of the wholesale market) and liberalised activities (generation, trading, 
international transactions and energy supply for recharging electric vehicles); 
 
a wholesale generation market, or electricity pool; 
 
freedom of entry to the electricity sector for new operators carrying out liberalised activities;

--- Page 162 ---
- 160 - 
 
 
 
the ability of all consumers to select their electricity supplier and their method of supply as of 1 
January 2003; 
 
the right of all operators and consumers to access the transmission and distribution grid by paying 
access tariffs approved by the Spanish government; and 
 
the protection of the environment. 
Law no. 17/2007 amended Law no. 54/1997, bringing it into conformity with Directive 2009/72/EC, with 
the intention of reconciling the liberalisation of the electricity system with the twin national objectives of 
guaranteeing supply at the lowest possible price and minimising environmental damage. Royal Decree-
Law no. 13/2012 built upon the achievement of that target by introducing Directive 2009/72/EC in the 
Spanish regulation. 
In December 2013, a new electricity sector act (Law no. 24/2013) entered into force substituting Law no. 
54/1997 (the "Electricity Sector Act"). This law is based on the reforms announced by the Ministry of 
Industry in July 2013 and maintains the main principles of Law no. 54/1997 but reinforces the objectives 
of economic and financial sustainability in the electricity sector, thus preventing a new tariff deficit. This 
law has been amended several times to adapt to new situations in the sector (for instance, self-consumption 
or social voucher). 
Recent regulatory developments 
In May 2021, Royal Decree-Law 8/2021 established a series of extraordinary measures relating to economic 
and social vulnerability that, amongst other things, extended the COVID-19 state of alarm in Spain until 9 
August 2021.  
On 23 June 2020, the Spanish government approved a Royal Decree-Law contemplating new regulatory 
measures concerning renewables, electricity distribution networks and connection points available as a 
result of the closure of large legacy power plants: 
 
Support to electricity networks: according to the government, with the objective of alleviating the 
effects of the COVID-19 crisis and ensuring the liquidity of the electricity system in the short term, 
the use of the cumulated tariff surplus is enabled to cover the eventual imbalances and deviations 
between income and costs in 2019 and 2020. The procedure shall be specified by Ministerial Order. 
In addition, the Decree-Law exceptionally adjusts the percentages of GDP that govern the 
maximum investment dedicated to transport and distribution networks in the three-year period 
2020-2022, to allow networks operators to maintain the investment plans originally foreseen before 
the COVID-19 crisis. 
 
Access points to the electricity network freed up by the closure of legacy thermal plants: Royal 
Decree-Law 17/2019 already stated that the government will regulate "procedures and establish 
requirements for the granting of all or part of said capacity". This new Royal Decree Law allows 
the Ministry to ask the system operator to determine the amount of capacity freed with the closure 
and exempts this capacity from the moratorium of new access requests. 
 
New rules for keeping renewable permits: the Decree-Law establishes a series of administrative 
milestones for keeping renewable permits obtained after 27 December 2013; the developers must 
certify compliance with each of these conditions, including obtaining the favourable environmental 
impact declaration and the administrative construction authorisation in a specific period of time. 
Otherwise, the permissions will expire automatically and, if applicable, the economic guarantees 
required to apply for authorisation will be executed. The last term ends five years after the first of 
permissions or the entry into force of the Royal Decree-Law. In addition, a moratorium on new 
access requests to new connection points is established: they cannot be requested until a new 
regulation on these permits has been approved, which must be approved by the Spanish 
government and the regulator CNMC, within a period of three months from the publication of the 
Decree-Law. Self-consumption facilities are awarded an exemption to this moratorium. 
 
A new auction system for renewables will be implemented: the principle of the new auction system, 
which will be based on lowest price offered rather than on lowest capex per MW offered, is to offer 
predictability and stability of income and financing to the investors of the new renewable plants;

--- Page 163 ---
- 161 - 
 
 
and, on the other hand, to directly transfer to consumers the savings associated with the 
incorporation of renewable energies into the electricity system. 
 
Storage and hybrid facilities will be regulated: the Decree-Law also incorporates into the Spanish 
legal system new business models that offer opportunities for economic growth, employment and 
improvement of competitiveness, according to the government. This is the case of energy storage, 
which is regulated by this regulation and will make it possible to manage and optimise the energy 
generated in the new renewable plants; and hybridisation, which makes it possible to combine 
various technologies –PV and wind, for example – in the same installation. According to the 
government, with this, the utilisation of the existing electrical networks is optimised and the 
environmental impacts are minimised, taking full advantage of the locations of the plants. With 
this Royal Decree-Law, overpowering in existing power stations is allowed if it does not use 
additional capacity of the grid. 
 
New supply and demand aggregators: additionally, the model of the independent aggregator is 
incorporated. This new business model is based on combining the demand of several electricity 
consumers or that of several generators for their participation in different segments of the market. 
On 24 June 2021, Royal Decree-Law 12/2021 was adopted. This introduced measures relating to energy 
taxation and generation and temporarily modified the energy taxation regime. As a result, until 31 
December 2021, a reduced VAT rate of 10 per cent. will be applied to consumers with power less than or 
equal to 10 kW when the market price exceeds €45/MWh, as well as to vulnerable consumers in receipt of 
social voucher of electricity. 
2 
The Electricity Value Chain 
A. Electricity Generation 
Generation facilities have several methods of contracting for the sale of electricity and determining a price 
for the electricity: 
 
Wholesale energy market or pool: This pool was created on 1 January 1998 and includes a variety 
of transactions that result from the participation of market agents (including generators, suppliers 
and direct consumers and, until 30 June 2009, distributors) in daily and intra-day market sessions. 
 
Bilateral contracts: Bilateral contracts are private contracts between market agents, where terms 
and conditions are freely negotiated and agreed. Information about these contracts must be given 
to the energy market in order to retain transparency within the electricity industry. 
 
Auctions for purchase options or primary emissions of energy: Principal market participants could 
be required by law to offer purchase options for a pre-established amount of their power. Some of 
the remaining market participants are entitled to purchase such options during a specified period. 
However, these options are currently not regulated in Spain. 
These sales can be subject to Regulation (EU) No. 1227/2011 of the European Parliament and of the Council 
on wholesale energy market integrity and transparency ("REMIT"). REMIT imposes certain obligations 
on market participants, mainly transparency and information obligations. It is compulsory for members of 
the EU. 
Power plants also participate in ancillary services markets managed by the system operator, REE. 
Participation is mandatory for some of these services and for certain kind of power plants. 
Until December 2013, power plants that used renewable, waste and CHP energy sources were regulated 
under a "special regime", but the distinction between an ordinary and a special regime ceased to apply after 
the enactment of Law no. 24/2013. 
Order no. ITC 2794/2007 established a new regime of fixed payments applicable to generators operating in 
the ordinary regime. This regime established an investment incentive, for a period of ten years, set at an

--- Page 164 ---
- 162 - 
 
 
initial amount of €20,000 per MW installed, later increased to €26,000 per MW installed by Order 
ITC/3127/2011 and lowered to €10,000 per MW installed by Royal Decree-Law no. 9/2013. 
Law no. 15/2012 imposed a set of taxes on generators in order to cover the costs of the electricity system: 
(i) a 7 per cent. generation tax on income from electricity output; (ii) a 22 per cent. charge on the use of 
inland water for electricity generation (increased to 25.5 per cent. by means of Royal Decree-Law 10/2017, 
of 9 June); (iii) a tax on the production of nuclear waste and a tax on storage of this waste; (iv) a tax on 
natural gas of €0.65/GJ applying to all natural gas consumers (derogated by means of Royal Decree-Law 
15/2018 since October 2018); (v) a tax on coal of €0.65/GJ applicable to generators; and (vi) a tax on fuel 
oil of € 12.00/tonne and tax on gas oil of € 29.15/litre applicable to generators. Royal Decree-Law 15/2018 
also temporarily suspended the application of the 7 per cent. tax on income from electricity output during 
the fourth quarter of 2018 and first quarter of 2019. Royal Decree Law 12/2021  suspended 7 per cent. of 
the tax on the value of electric power production for the third quarter of 2021. 
Law no. 24/2013 also foresees the temporary closure of generation facilities, which would be subject to a 
prior administrative authorisation scheme. 
Royal Decree-Law 15/2018 of October 2018 modified Law 24/2013 creating a new framework for 
promoting self-consumption. Since then, access tariffs or charges for self-generated energy (the informally 
called "sun tax" that was created by Royal Decree no. 900/2015) were banished and self-customers only 
have to pay access tariffs if they use the distribution network. Royal Decree 244/2019 of April 2019 
established the new administrative, technical and economic regime for self-consumption allowing shared 
self-consumption, the use of the distribution network for exchanging self-generated energy in the proximity 
of the self-customers and also a simplified remuneration mechanism where self-customers can opt for 
getting a discount in their energy invoices if they deliver their excess generation to their supplier ("net 
billing"). 
In November 2019, CNMC passed Circular 3/2019 regulating the wholesale markets, balancing and non-
frequency services of the electricity system, according to the new responsibilities given by Royal Decree-
Law 1/2019 and several European regulations (Commission Regulation (EU) 2015/1222 establishing a 
guideline on capacity allocation and congestion management, Regulation (EU) 2016/1719 establishing a 
guideline on forward capacity allocation, Regulation (EU) 2017/1485 establishing a guideline on electricity 
transmission system operation, Regulation (EU) 2017/2195 establishing a guideline on electricity balancing 
and Regulation (EU) 2017/2196 establishing a network code on electricity emergency and restoration). 
In April 2021, a Ministerial Order Proposal for the development of a Capacity Market in Spain was 
published. The aim is to develop a mechanism to support the firm capacity of, primarily, the CCGT and 
storage systems, to avoid coverage problems. It is configured as a centralised mechanism based on "pay as 
bid" auctions for two types of products: (i) one-year firm capacity for existing technologies; and (ii) five-
year firm capacity for new technologies. The proposal will require the approval of the EC. 
In June 2021, the Spanish government published a preliminary draft of its CO2 reduction law. This law 
establishes a rate for non-emitting carbon technologies with "chemical oxygen demand" prior to 2003 based 
on the price of CO2. 
Specific remuneration regime for renewables, CHP and waste generation 
Prior to July 2013, the electricity system was required to acquire the electricity offered by special regime 
generators at tariffs that were fixed by a royal decree or order and that varied depending on the type of 
generation. These tariffs were generally higher than the average Spanish electricity market prices. 
Application of the Spanish special regime was discretionary for companies that owned eligible facilities. 
Generally, eligible facilities were those with an installed capacity of 50 MW or less that used cogeneration, 
CHP, waste or any renewable energy source as their primary energy. 
Royal Decree no. 661/2007 provided the previous regulation of the Spanish special regime. This decree 
was framed within the commitment of the Spanish government to encourage investments in renewable 
energy in Spain. 
Under this decree, Spanish special regime power facilities could select between a fixed tariff or to 
participate in the market. If the generator sold electricity in the market, it received the market price plus a 
premium, subject to a cap and floor on final prices.

--- Page 165 ---
- 163 - 
 
 
However, since January 2012, the special regime has suffered several adjustments as part of the measures 
taken by the Spanish government to ensure the financial sustainability of the electricity system: 
(i) 
In January 2012, Royal Decree-Law no. 1/2012 suspended feed-in tariffs and premiums for new 
projects. 
(ii) 
In December 2012, Act no. 15/2012 introduced a tax on energy generation (7 per cent. of incomes). 
(iii) 
In February 2013, Royal Decree-Law no. 2/2013 encompassed a set of regulatory modifications 
mainly the elimination of the premium, cap and floor schemes. 
(iv) 
In July 2013, Royal Decree-Law no. 9/2013 changed the remuneration scheme of the special 
regime and repealed Royal Decree no. 661/2007. 
(v) 
The new scheme was confirmed by Law no. 24/2013, of December 2013, replacing the "special 
regime" with the "specific remuneration regime". 
As a consequence of the enactment of Royal Decree-Law no. 9/2013, in July 2013, during the first 
regulatory period, which applies from July 2013 to December 2019, the return ratio pre-tax during the 
remaining useful life of the assets under the special regime must be equal to the yield associated with 
Spanish ten-year sovereign bonds plus a spread of 300 basis points. The new return ratio pre-tax has been 
set at 7.4 per cent. during the regulatory life of the power plant (20 years in the case of existing wind 
generation, 25 years in the case of CHP generation and generation from waste, and 30 years in the case of 
PV generation). 
As a result of the enactment of Law no. 24/2013, in December 2013, the special regime for renewables, 
CHP and waste generation was replaced by a specific remuneration regime which applies to the facilities 
that were regulated under the special regime prior to July 2013. As of July 2013, any new facilities that 
would have been eligible facilities under the special regime receive the same treatment as facilities that 
belong to the ordinary regime, the only difference being the regulated supplements that are received from 
the specific remuneration regime. 
The specific remuneration additional to market revenues consists of: (i) a capacity supplement in €/MW to 
cover investments not recovered in the market; and (ii) an operation supplement in €/MWh when operating 
costs cannot be recovered in the market (applicable for CHP generation, generation from waste, and PV 
generation). This specific remuneration is calculated taking into account standard installations throughout 
the regulatory life of the power plant, and assuming an efficient and well-managed company. The granting 
of this specific remuneration scheme for new facilities will be determined on a competitive basis through 
auctions. The result of the auctions will determine the value of the supplement in €/MW applicable. 
Royal Decree no. 413/2014, published in June 2014, established the detailed regulation applicable to the 
specific remuneration regime. Remuneration values for the first half of the six-year regulatory period for 
power plants under the special regime prior to July 2013 were set out in Ministerial Order no. 1045/2014. 
Order ETU/130/2017, published in February 2017, set the remuneration parameters of the second 
regulatory semi-period 2017-2019. Order TED 171/2020 published in February 2020 did it for period 2020-
2022. 
The amount of the capacity supplement for existing wind farms varies depending on the year the power 
plant went into operation and will be paid for 20 years after the power plant was commissioned. Interim 
revisions are conducted every three years to correct deviations from the expected pool price. Farms with a 
commissioning date earlier than 2004 were not given any capacity supplement. EDP Renováveis installed 
capacity in Spain, according to the start-up date, was 9 per cent. up to 2003, 39 per cent. installed between 
2004 and 2007 and 52 per cent. from 2008 onwards. 
In October 2015, the Spanish government called the first auctions of 200 MW of biomass and 500 MW of 
wind farms with this new system through Royal Decree 947/2015. 
On 12 April 2017, the Spanish government authorised auctions of up to 3 GW of specific remuneration for 
renewable facilities in mainland Spain in accordance with Royal Decree 359/2017. In accordance with this 
Decree, an auction was held on 17 May 2017 which awarded 3 GW (almost all of which related to wind 
capacity). On 25 May 2017, the Spanish government announced that a new auction of 3 GW would take 
place, with substantially similar rules as the previous auction. This auction was held on 25 July 2017 and

--- Page 166 ---
- 164 - 
 
 
awarded a total of 5 GW of renewable capacity (4 GW of solar and 1 GW of wind capacity). No new 
auctions have since been made. 
In December 2018, the Ministry for Ecological Transition published a draft Law for establishing the new 
return ratios for regulated activities in Spain for the new regulatory period 2020-2025. According to a 
previous report made by CNMC, the Ministry proposed a new ratio pre-tax of 7.09 per cent. for renewable 
and CHP power plants with the possibility of keeping the ratio of 7.4 per cent. if the owner of the power 
plant gives up all lawsuits and arbitration processes against the remuneration scheme approved after Royal 
Decree no. 661/2007.  This law was approved urgently in November 2019 as Royal Decree-Law 17/2019. 
In March 2019, the Ministry for Ecological Transition published a draft law for Climate Change and 
Ecological Transition for public hearing where they stated the Spanish government's intention of 
establishing a new auction system and the remuneration regime for new auctions of renewables in order to 
allow a fixed price of the energy produced by the power plant during its lifetime. In order to accelerate the 
entry into force of this new system, the Spanish government approved in June 2020 Royal Decree-Law 
23/2020 to implement it as soon as possible. Following this Decree, the Ministry for the Ecological 
Transition launched a public consultation about the detailed regulation of this new remuneration mechanism 
that will be awarded by auctions of renewable energy, renewable power or both. The decree will allow the 
Ministry to make different auctions for each technology, geographical location or other criteria. The 
Ministry announced that they are working to launch the first auction under this new system during 2020. 
The rules of this new remuneration mechanism were approved in October and December 2020 through 
Royal Decree 960/2020 and Ministerial Order TED 1161/2020. 
This last ministerial order also includes a preliminary schedule of the auctions for the period 2020-2025. 
 
MW (accumulated from 2020 on) 
 
2020 
2021 
2022 
2023 
2024 
2025 
Wind ............................................................. 
1.000 
2.500 
4.000 
5.500 
7.000 
8.500 
PV ................................................................. 
1.000 
2.800 
4.600 
6.400 
8.200 
10.000 
Thermosolar ................................................. 
  
200 
200 
400 
400 
600 
Biomass ........................................................ 
  
140 
140 
260 
260 
380 
Others (biogas, hydro, …) ........................... 
  
20 
20 
40 
40 
60 
 
Royal Decree-Law 23/2020 introduced several administrative milestones that have to be fulfilled by the 
owners of the access permits granted since 2013 otherwise they might lose the permits. Additionally, this 
Royal Decree-Law established a moratorium that prevents promoters from asking for new access permits 
until a new regulation for awarding access permits was approved by the Spanish government and CNMC. 
In July 2021, the moratorium was lifted after CNMC established the new methodology and conditions of 
access. 
The authorisation of renewable, CHP and waste plants with a capacity of up to 50 MW falls within the 
authority of regional governments due to their small size. However, as a result of Royal Decree-Law no. 
6/2009, since 2009 all facilities have had to be entered in a register managed by the Ministry of Industry in 
order to benefit from the premiums and tariffs of the Spanish special regime (Royal Decree 661/2007), and 
since 2013 the specific remuneration scheme created by Royal Decree-Law no. 9/2013. 
The first renewable energy auction held under the new regulatory framework of Royal Decree 960/2020 
and Order TED/1161/2020 took place on 26 January 2021. Approximately 3,000 MW were auctioned, of 
which 1,000 MW were reserved for wind technology and another 1,000 MW for PV. 
B. Electricity tariffs, supply and distribution 
Since January 2003, all consumers have become qualified consumers. All of them may choose to acquire 
electricity under any form of free trading through contracts with suppliers, by going directly to the organised 
market or through bilateral contracts with producers. Royal Decree-Law 15/2018 also foresees other ways 
of acquiring electricity directly from producers but further regulatory development is required. 
Last resort supplier 
With the adoption of the Last Resort Supply (Suministro de Último Recurso) on 1 July 2009 (Law no. 
17/2007 that amended Law no. 54/1997 on the electricity sector in order to adapt it to the Electricity 
Directive), the regulated tariff system was replaced by a last resort tariff system. Last resort tariffs (now the 
PVPCs) are set by a methodology approved by the Spanish government on an additive basis and can only

--- Page 167 ---
- 165 - 
 
 
be applied to low-voltage electricity consumers whose contracted power is less than or equal to 10 kW. 
According to Royal Decree no. 216/2014, the last resort tariff is calculated taking into account the sum of 
the following components: (i) costs of the electricity generation (which is indexed to the Spanish hourly 
pool price); (ii) access tariffs; and (iii) regulated costs of supply management. 
Last resort consumers can choose between being supplied at last resort tariffs or being supplied in the 
liberalised market. 
The regulated cost of supply management methodology was approved by Royal Decree 469/2016. 
Ministerial Order ETU/1948/2016 established the cost of supply during 2017 and 2018. Due to several 
Supreme Court decisions, and according to the referred Ministerial Order, the regulated cost of supply in 
the last resort market between 2014 and 2016 had to be re-invoiced to customers during 2017 and 2018. 
The cost of supply for 2019 onwards is still not regulated by the Ministry for Ecological Transition so the 
Ministerial Order TEC/1366/2018 established that the values for 2018 will remain until further instructions. 
Remuneration to distribution activities 
Electricity transmission and distribution activities are regulated given that their characteristics impose 
severe limitations on the possibility of introducing competition. 
(i) 
Regulatory framework 2008-2013 
The regulatory framework established in 2008 changed the manner in which electricity businesses receive 
payments in order to promote efficiency and quality of service. The regulations take into account since then 
the investment and operational costs related to transmission activities. Fixed remuneration for distribution 
is based on investment and operational and maintenance costs. 
Until July 2013, remuneration to distribution activities was determined by Royal Decree no. 222/2008 and 
later by Royal Decree-Law no. 13/2012, which had already established that capital costs would only be 
paid for net assets and postponed the beginning of the remuneration until the second year after new assets 
have been brought into operation. The settlement system among distributors is detailed in Royal Decree 
2017/1997. 
(ii) 
Regulatory framework 2013-2019 
Between 2013 and 2019, the economic regime for distributors was contained in Royal Decree-Law no. 
9/2013, Law no. 24/2013, and Royal Decree no. 1048/2013 and Ministerial Order IET 2660/2015, and the 
settlement system among distributors is still contained in Royal Decree no. 2017/1997. 
In July 2013, there was a change in the methodology used to remunerate distribution and transmission 
activities. The main change introduced was setting the return ratio of energy assets based on the yield 
associated with Spanish ten-year sovereign bonds plus a spread, set at 100 basis points for the second half 
of 2013 and 200 basis points from 2014 until at least the end of 2019. Royal Decree no. 1048/2013, 
approved in December 2013, established the general remuneration framework which was mainly based on 
the RAB. This RAB is determined by taking into consideration audited physical units affected by efficiency 
factors. After approval of Royal Decree no. 1073/2015, Ministerial Order IET 2660 and Ministerial Order 
no.IET 980/2016, the new remuneration model has come into effect producing a substantial improvement 
in EDP's remuneration through its subsidiary Hidrocantábrico Distribución. In the meantime, Royal 
Decree-Law no. 9/2013 established a transitory phase of the remuneration scheme between 2013 and 2015. 
Ministerial Order no. IET 980/2016 approved remuneration for 2016 under the new regime. No new 
ministerial orders were published yet with the remuneration of the following years due to the subsequent 
facts. Transiently, until the Ministerial Orders are approved, the values of Ministerial Order IET 980/2016 
have been used to determine the settlements of the last years. 
The Supreme Court's decision of 25 October 2017 ordered the Ministry to increase the RAB calculated in 
Ministerial Order no. 980/2016 to compensate all distributors for an incorrect valuation of assets transferred 
from customers.  In June 2019, Order TEC/490/2019 established a new methodology for implementing the 
Supreme Court's decision and, in February 2021, Order TED/203 established the parameters of the 
remuneration for 2016. However, this order only captured distribution companies that had received a final 
judgment estimate, which neither Hidrocantábrico Distribución Eléctrica nor Viesgo (or its subsidiary 
Viesgo Distribución and Begasa) has.

--- Page 168 ---
- 166 - 
 
 
In April 2018, the Spanish government declared that the remuneration established in the Ministerial Order 
IET 980/2016 was prejudicial for customers. The Ministry of Energy considered that the parameter 
remaining useful life of the assets, which formula it is contained in Annex VI of Ministerial Order IET 
2660/2015 was wrongly estimated, in favour of some distributors (including Hidrocantábrico Distribución) 
and harming the interest of electricity customers ("lesividad"). According to the Ministry, the gross value 
of assets which is in the denominator of the formula of remaining life, should have included all the assets 
instead of deducting the fully depreciated elements. This declaration of "lesividad" allowed the Ministry of 
Energy to appeal this Order before the Supreme Court. 
In May 2020 the Supreme Court sentenced that the Ministerial Order IET 980/2016 was unlawful so 
remaining useful life of every distributor with more than 100,000 supply points (among them 
Hidrocantabrico Distribucion and Viesgo Distribución) became inapplicable, as well as the other 
parameters deriving from it – i.e. the RAB and the remuneration. According to the sentence, the Ministerial 
Order should not have deducted all the fully depreciated elements in the gross value of assets in the formula 
of the remaining useful life, but it could have deducted the elements out of service. This consideration may 
smoothen the impact of the recalculation of the RABs. The Ministry can now update the remaining life 
through a new Ministerial Order, and thus the RAB and the remuneration since 2016, taking into account 
what the Supreme Court stated.  
In November 2020, CNMC published a report determining the remaining useful life of the affected 
distributors with two alternatives: deducting elements out of service and not deducting elements out of 
service. The yearly remuneration of Hidrocantábrico will be reduced by €4 million, if elements out of 
service are deducted (from the determination of the useful life of affected distributors), or by €13 million, 
if not. This report must be validated by the Ministry which will set out the final outcome of the "lesividad" 
process. 
This report has not yet been published although it is anticipated there may developments by the end of 
2021. 
(iii) 
Regulatory framework 2020-2025 
Royal Decree-Law no. 1/2019 defined that starting from the new regulatory period 2020-2025 CNMC is 
responsible for approving the methodology and values for remunerating distribution and transmission as 
well as the new return ratio. A CNMC report of October 2018 estimated that the new return ratio for the 
new regulatory period should be 5.58 per cent. according to a WACC methodology. In July 2019, CNMC 
launched a draft circular (piece of legislation to be approved by CNMC board) establishing the regulated 
return ratios for distribution and transmission of both electricity and gas system in their respective new 
regulatory periods. For electricity distribution, CNMC maintained the proposed value of 5.58 per cent. The 
draft circular was under public consultation until 9 August and it was approved in November 2019 as 
Circular 2/2019. By means of a law, the Spanish state can as well put an upper limit to the ratio fixed by 
CNMC if the law is approved before starting the new regulatory period. 
In July 2019, CNMC launched several draft regulations where it established the methodology of 
remunerating distribution and transmission of electricity in period 2020-2025. The new methodology for 
electricity distribution was finally approved by means of Circular 6/2019. The new methodology will 
maintain the recognised RAB and OPEX in 2020 (and may take into account the effect on RAB of the 
Sentence of the Supreme Court regarding the "lesividad" process), but it will introduce several adjustments 
in the way of calculating OPEX of the following years (for instance by means of an efficiency factor or 
eliminating the "delay" factor that recognised financial costs in the OPEX). According to the CNMC report 
accompanying the draft regulation, the average impact in sector's remuneration during the regulatory period 
would be up to -7 per cent. However, EDP's subsidiary may be less impacted than its peers due to an 
improvement of quantities destined to incentives of quality and losses. The values of remuneration of 2021 
for each company may be approved after a public hearing once the "lesividad" process is finished. 
Access tariffs, charges and regulated prices 
In accordance with the provisions of Law no. 24/2013, regulated energy costs are paid from access tariffs 
and prices applicable to consumers and from specific items from the National Budget (Law no. 15/2012). 
Regulated incomes must be sufficient to cover all regulated costs, including transmission and distribution 
costs, specific remuneration schemes costs, and other costs. The electricity system costs have to be funded

--- Page 169 ---
- 167 - 
 
 
through access tariffs, charges and other regulated prices. Access tariffs and regulated prices are uniform 
throughout Spain, although regional extra costs, if approved, may be added to the tariffs. 
Until 2019 all the regulated prices were established by Ministerial Order of the Minister of Energy. 
However, from  April 2021 onwards the portion of access tariffs that is designated to cover transmission 
and distribution costs should be fixed by the national regulatory authority CNMC in order to fulfil Directive 
2009/72/EC transposed through Royal Decree Law 1/2019. To achieve this task, CNMC has elaborated a 
methodology to determine the access tariffs approved in January 2020 by means of Circular 3/2020. The 
Ministry of Energy will establish the charges to cover for other costs of the system using a methodology 
that is expected to be established during 2020. The Ministry launched a public consultation in June 2020 
about this issue. 
Given that there was a delay in the approval of the charges methodology and since the new methodologies 
were not applicable until April 2021, the Ministry approved Orden TEC/1258/2019 to keep the current 
access tariffs and charges until the new methodologies could be applied. 
Regarding generators, between 2011 and 2020, all facilities were obliged to pay access tariffs for the energy 
they inject in the distribution and transmission grid (Royal Decree-Law no. 14/2010). However, the new 
Circular 3/2020 of CNMC waived this obligation for generators and batteries as of 24 January 2020. 
On 1 July 2009, the regulated system of electricity tariffs was extinguished. Since then, distributors have 
ceased to supply electricity, and function only as network operators. Accordingly, from that date, all 
consumers have been in the liberalised market. However, Royal Decree no. 216/2014, provides that the low 
voltage final consumers who use 10 kW or less are eligible for the tariff of last resort, which applies a 
regulated price to that supply. This tariff will be applied by the designated suppliers of last resort (called 
comercializadores de referencia), among which was EDP’s former subsidiary, BASER Comercializadora 
de Referencia, S.A. As of 1 December 2020, EDP does not carry out any last resort supply activity. 
Supply authorisations 
Following the approval of Law 25/2009, prior to commencing the supply of electricity, suppliers are obliged 
to provide a statement to the Ministry of Energy or to the respective regional authority where they wish to 
engage in the supply, which includes a confirmation of: (i) the dates for beginning and ending their supply 
activity; (ii) proof of their capacity for the development of the supply; and (iii) the guarantees required. 
CNMC is entitled to publish on its web site an up-to-date list of electricity suppliers that have communicated 
the commencement of their supply. 
Last resort suppliers may acquire electricity in the spot or forward markets to meet last resort demand. In 
Spain, following the enactment of Royal Decree-Law no. 17/2013, last resort suppliers are no longer 
permitted to hold energy auctions to purchase electricity. 
Due to the disappearance of the Supplier Switching Office (Oficina de Cambio de Suministrador, 
OCSUM), the CNMC supervises the process for consumers changing their electricity supplier under 
principles of transparency, objectivity and independence. CNMC also maintains a price comparison tool 
for household suppliers. 
Energy efficiency obligations 
Law no. 18/2014 implemented Directive 2012/27/EU of Energy Efficiency, establishing mandatory 
contributions from suppliers of gas, electricity and petroleum products to a National Energy Efficiency 
Fund in order to support efficiency measures to comply with that Directive. Every year a Ministerial Order 
is published with the mandatory contributions to this fund, which includes subsidiaries of EDP. The 
ministerial order of 2021 is Order TED/275/2021. 
Tariff Deficit in electricity sector 
Regulatory developments in the electricity sector in Spain during 2012 and 2013 were aimed at eliminating 
the tariff deficit in order to ensure the sustainability of the system. These measures have contributed to the 
following positive developments: (i) the definitive settlements of 2014-2017 produced a surplus of more 
than €1,600 million; (ii) in 2015, the Spanish government approved two reductions of the regulated prices 
of capacity paid by consumers through Royal Decree-Law no. 9/2015 and Ministerial Order no. 2735/2015 
in August 2015 and December 2015, respectively; and (iii) in October 2018, the government approved the

--- Page 170 ---
- 168 - 
 
 
elimination of a green tax on natural gas power plants of €0.65/GJ since an increase of revenues coming 
from CO2 allowances auctions had been produced. 
However, according to a CNMC report of February 2021, the past debts of tariff deficit amounted to 
€14,294 million as of 31 December 2020 (more than €2,300 million less than in 2019), none of which is 
currently being financed by electric companies. Deficits prior to 2014 were securitised as described below. 
Law no. 24/2013 provides that access tariffs, regulated prices and other regulated income must be sufficient 
to recover the full costs of the regulated activities without any deficit. Although some deficit was permitted 
until 2013 (as provided by Royal Decree-Law no. 6/2009 and Royal Decree-Law no. 14/2010), Law no. 
24/2013 limits tariff deficits incurred as of 2014 to a 2 per cent. yearly cap. 
The deficit produced up to 2012 was fully transferred from the electricity companies to a Securitisation 
Fund called Depreciation Fund of Electric Tariff Deficit ("FADE"), which is guaranteed by the Spanish 
State Budget. Financing costs of FADE are included in the regulated costs to be recovered through access 
tariffs. 
In 2012 and 2013 the Spanish government took important steps in order to address the key aspects of the 
problem of the tariff deficit: 
(i) 
Royal Decree-Law no. 1/2012 suspended temporarily all new renewable premiums. 
(ii) 
Royal Decree-Laws no. 13/2012 and 20/2012 reduced system costs in 2012 up to €1,000 million 
(in transmission and distribution activities, in capacity payments to generators, in coal subsidies, 
in system operation and payments to interruptible customers) while increasing system revenues in 
€700 million from some budget surpluses. Some of these measures were only in force during 2012. 
(iii) 
Access tariffs were updated as from April 2012 to all customers resulting in a revenue increase for 
the system of €1,600 million. 
(iv) 
Due to the inadequacy of previous measures for containing the tariff deficit, the Spanish 
government approved Law no. 15/2012 in December 2012, which imposed new taxes on generators 
and natural gas customers in order to cover the costs of the electricity system. Additionally, the 
Spanish government has allocated and will continue to allocate up to €450 million per year of the 
revenues from the sale of emission allowances to the tariff (temporarily in 2018 this amount was 
up to €750 million). The implementation of the above measures increased system revenues by 
€3,300 million annually although some of those measures have been modified in 2018 by means 
of Royal Decree-Law 15/2018. 
(v) 
Royal Decree-Law no. 2/2013 described above. 
(vi) 
Royal Decree-Law no. 9/2013 with an estimated yearly impact of €4,500 million, borne by 
customers (€900 million), National Budget (€900 million) and companies (€2,700 million). 
The deficit produced in 2013 (€3,200 million) was transiently financed by electricity companies until 
December 2014 when it was securitised through the mechanism approved by Royal Decree no. 1054/2014. 
Several Supreme court's decisions ordered the Spanish government to give back the Social Voucher funded 
by companies between 2014 and 2016 (€500 million). State budget laws of 2017 and 2018 authorised the 
cost of court decisions to be charged to the tariff surpluses obtained since 2014. However, this refund is 
under review as in April 2019 the Plenary of the Constitutional Court decided to estimate the appeal brought 
by the General State Administration against decisions of the Supreme Court because of procedural issues. 
The Supreme Court therefore had to restart the procedures against the Social Voucher for 2014-2016. 
Last Resort Tariff to vulnerable customers 
Royal Decree-Law no. 6/2009 has created the "Social Voucher" for some consumers benefiting from the 
tariff of last resort (the "TUR"). The TUR complies with the social, consumer and economic conditions as 
determined by the Ministry of Energy. Currently, as provided by Royal Decree no. 216/2014, this tariff for 
vulnerable customers consists of a discount on the regulated tariff PVPC.

--- Page 171 ---
- 169 - 
 
 
Until 2016, discounts applied to vulnerable customers were funded by all vertically integrated companies 
according to the rules established in Law no. 24/2013 and Royal Decree no. 968/2014. However, in August 
2016 several Supreme Court rulings abolished this funding mechanism. Royal Decree-law no. 7/2016, of 
December 2016, approved a new framework of protection for vulnerable customers and a new funding 
mechanism consisting of all supply companies financing the cost of the discounts proportionally to the 
number of their customers. From then on, EDP had contributed approximately 3.7 per cent. of the national 
cost of the Social Voucher. However, as of 1 December 2020, EDP’s contributions will be reduced due to 
the selling of the small customers retail business. 
From 1 July 2009, individual consumers with a contracted capacity of less than 3 kW in their residence, 
consumers over 60 years old with minimum pensions, large families and families of which all the members 
are unemployed were entitled to the Social Voucher. 
From October 2017, Royal Decree no. 897/2017 established the requirements to become vulnerable and 
thus eligible for the Social Voucher: customers in their residence being; (i) large families; (ii) families with 
all members with minimum pensions; or (iii) families with incomes less than certain thresholds established 
in Ministerial Order no. 943/2017. The discounts include a 25 per cent. discount for vulnerable customers, 
a 40 per cent. discount for severe vulnerable customers and a 100 per cent. discount for customers at risk 
of social exclusion. In the latter case, local social services should contribute at least 50 per cent. of the cost. 
The Social Voucher is awarded for a two-year period, after which it must be renewed by the customer in 
order to check again if the eligibility criteria are still fulfilled. 
Customers benefitting from the "old" social voucher that do not apply for renewal or do not fit into the new 
criteria lost the discount from October 2018 onwards. 
Additionally, since the implementation of Royal Decree-Law 15/2018, the funding mechanism of the Social 
Voucher will also cover the non-payments of certain types of customers benefiting from the Social Voucher 
in order to protect them from disconnection. 
3. 
Authorisations and Administrative Procedures to Generators 
All power plants require certain permits and licences from public authorities at local, regional and national 
levels before starting construction and operation. 
Administrative registration, permits and licences are generally required for the construction, enlargement, 
modification and operation of power plants and ancillary installations. In addition, power plants using RES 
or CHP must be registered on the specific remuneration register managed by the Ministry for the Ecological 
Transition and the Demographic Challenge before the power plant is entitled to benefit from the specific 
remuneration regime. New power plants in mainland Spain will only be included in the specific 
remuneration register through a competitive process of capacity auctions. 
Facilities must also obtain an authorisation in order to connect to the relevant transmission and distribution 
networks. If interconnection authorisation is not granted, administrative authorisation cannot be granted. 
However, interconnection authorisation can only be denied due to lack of current or future network 
capacity. 
Royal Decree no. 1699/2011, regulating the connection of small power plants to distribution networks, aims 
to streamline administrative procedures to speed up the connection of small power plants (renewable energy 
power plants below 100 kW and CHP installations below 1 MW) to the electricity grid. 
Royal Decree no. 244/2018 and Royal Decree-Law 15/2018 specify the administrative procedures that 
apply to self-consumption facilities. 
Following the approval of Royal Decree-Law 23/2020 in June 2020, it is possible to use an existing access 
permit to hybridise the existing power plant with another technology or with storage without the need of 
asking for a new permission. This Royal Decree also establishes a moratorium for new access permits for 
new generation capacity until the Spanish government approves new rules for granting access capacity. The 
future Royal Decree containing these rules is expected to be approved in the beginning of 2021. However, 
new self-consumption facilities are exempted from this moratorium.

--- Page 172 ---
- 170 - 
 
 
In January 2021, Circular 1/2021 was published by CNMC which established the methodology and 
conditions of access and connection to the transmission and distribution networks of the electrical energy 
production facilities. The moratorium was therefore lifted on 1 July 2021 in accordance with the regulatory 
deadlines.

--- Page 173 ---
- 171 - 
 
 
Natural Gas Sector:  Regulatory Framework 
1. 
Overview 
The general basis, principles and model of organisation of the gas sector in Spain were established through 
the Hydrocarbons Act no. 34/1998, of 7 October 1998 (the "Hydrocarbons Act"), Royal Decree no. 
949/2001, of 3 August, and Royal Decree no. 1434/2002, of 27 December. 
The approval of Act no. 12/2007, of 2 July, which modifies the Hydrocarbons Act, in order to adapt it to 
EU Directive 2003/55/EC of the European Parliament and of the Council, of 26 June, has continued the 
process of deregulation that was started in the sector in 1998, and Royal Decree-Law no. 13/2012 has 
completed this process by introducing Directive 2009/73/EC in the Spanish regulation. The regulated 
supply system ended on 1 July 2008 and was substituted by a last resort supply system. According to Law 
no. 12/2007, the scope of consumers that can be supplied under the last resort tariff systems has been 
reduced to only domestic and low consumption users. However, these clients will have the option to choose 
between being supplied under the last resort system (by last resort suppliers appointed by the Spanish 
government) or in the liberalised market (at the prices freely agreed with suppliers). 
The gas system costs have to be funded through access tariffs, charges and other regulated prices. Up to 
2019, all the regulated prices were established by Ministerial Order of the Minister of Energy. However, 
from October 2020 onwards the portion of access tariffs that is designated to cover regasification, 
transmission and distribution costs will have to be fixed by the national regulatory authority, CNMC, in 
order to fulfil Directive 2009/73/EC transposed through Royal Decree Law 1/2019. CNMC elaborated a 
methodology to determine the access tariffs that was approved by means of Circular 6/2020. CNMC is also 
responsible for determining the remuneration of regasification, transmission and distribution costs.  To 
achieve this task, CNMC has elaborated a methodology to determine the remuneration for gas transmission 
and gas distribution activities approved respectively by means of Circular 9/2019 and Circular 4/2020. 
The methodology for establishing the charges to cover for other costs of the system was approved in 
December 2020 by Royal Decree 1184/2020. In February 2021, the CNMC published the resolution setting 
out the remuneration for 2021 gas-year (covering the period 1 January to 30 September) for companies 
performing regulated activities of LNG, transportation and distribution plants.  On 27 May 2021, the CNMC 
published the access tariffs for transport networks, local networks and regasification for the 2022 gas-year. 
Following the same criteria established for the electricity sector, the Spanish government has amended the 
Hydrocarbons Act, through Royal Decree-Law no. 8/2014, of 4 July, included in Act no. 18/2014, in order 
to regulate the financial stability of the gas system. The amendments to Law no. 34/1998 are focused on 
the economic and financial balance of the system, thus aiming to avoid new tariff deficits. 
In 2015, the approval of Law no. 8/2015, of 21 May, modified the Hydrocarbons Act, with the main goal 
of creating an organised market of natural gas in the Spanish system that, once it becomes liquid, should 
give a price reference to the market and increase competition in the sector. The organised market MIBGAS 
has since then assumed the role of market operator. 
In October 2015, Royal Decree no. 984/2015 was approved which: (i) defined the general principles of the 
operation of the organised market of natural gas in the Spanish system (the operative details of which were 
established in December 2015 pursuant to resolutions); (ii) modifies the system of contracting access 
capacity to the gas sector installations by third parties; and (iii) develops the model of liberalisation for 
periodic check-ups of users' installations, the responsibilities of each party and recognises the 
administrative cost of the distribution system operator. Royal Decree-Law 1/2019 established that CNMC 
is also responsible for determining the rules of third parties access to gas system facilities. In June 2019, 
CNMC launched a draft circular (a piece of legislation approved by CNMC) regarding access to gas system 
facilities which will substitute part of the above mentioned Royal Decree 984/2015. This piece of legislation 
was approved by means of Circular 8/2019 in December 2019. 
With respect to the supplier of last resort, Royal Decree no. 485/2009 and Royal Decree no. 216/2014 
allowed for the possibility of merging firms that have to supply both electricity and gas, under the supplier 
of last resort requirements, into a single company.

--- Page 174 ---
- 172 - 
 
 
Spanish law distinguishes between: (i) regulated activities, which include transportation (regasification of 
LNG, underground storage and transportation of natural gas) and distribution; and (ii) non-regulated 
activities, which include supply. 
Any company engaging in a regulated activity must engage in only one regulated activity. However, a 
group of companies may conduct unrelated activities whenever they are independent at least in terms of 
their legal form, organisation and decision making with respect to other activities not relating to 
transmission, distribution and storage (Law no. 34/1998 and Law no. 12/2007). Royal Decree-Law no. 
13/2012 incorporated new rules from Directive 2009/73/EC to achieve an effective separation between 
regulated activities and non-regulated activities carried out by Spanish companies. This Royal Decree-Law 
also establishes the ownership unbundling model for the gas TSO in relation to the main network for the 
primary transmission of natural gas transmission pipeline/grid, "red troncal". However, any vertically 
integrated company established prior to 3 September 2009 may opt between an ownership unbundling 
model or the independent system operator or regional transmission organisation ("ISOs") model. 
There have been several mergers and acquisitions in the Spanish gas market, resulting in changes to the 
market structure. During 2017 EDP completed the sale of all its gas network business in Spain. As a 
consequence, EDP remains in the gas sector only in liberalised activities (trading and supply). As of 1 
December 2020, EDP is no longer involved in last resort supply. 
The Spanish gas market has developed significantly in recent years, with 7.98 million customers in 2020.  
2. 
Natural Gas Value Chain 
A. Natural Gas Transportation 
The construction, expansion, operation and closure of gas pipelines, storage facilities and regasification 
plants require prior administrative authorisation. In addition, for the construction and operation of gas 
transmission, regasification and storage facilities, other licences and permits are necessary, including an 
environmental impact assessment; licences related to infrastructure construction and land rights; and 
licences related to construction (for example, an activity licence, opening licence and works licence). 
Preliminary authorisation is granted by either the Ministry of Energy, if the proposed facilities are basic 
transportation facilities, or, if they affect more than one autonomous community, by the regional authorities 
where such facilities will be located. 
Once the preliminary authorisation has been granted, either the Ministry of Energy or the applicable 
autonomous regional authority will authorise the engineering construction project. Such authorisation 
enables the applicant to begin construction of the facility. Definitive authorisations are then granted upon 
completion of the facility. 
B. Natural Gas Distribution 
An administrative authorisation is required for the conduct of distribution activities. Any legal entity with 
Spanish nationality or any member of the EU may apply for an administrative authorisation. Applicants 
must give evidence of their legal, financial and technical capacity for distribution. 
Distribution companies are under a legal duty to provide access to their networks to suppliers and 
consumers. The main principles governing third-party access to the distribution networks are the same as 
those applicable to access to the transportation network. 
Remuneration system of distribution companies is currently established in Law 18/2014. Royal Decree-
Law no. 1/2019, defined that, starting from the new regulatory period 2020-2025, CNMC is now 
responsible for approving the methodology and values for remunerating distribution, transmission and 
regasification as well as the new return ratio. In July 2019, CNMC launched several draft circulars 
establishing the regulated return ratios for distribution and transmission of both electricity and gas system 
in their respective new regulatory periods, and the methodology for remunerating gas regulated activities 
in the new regulatory period 2021-2026. Circular 2/2019, approved by CNMC in November 2019, imposed 
a return ratio of 5.44 per cent. in gas distribution and transmission for the period 2021-2026.  In order to 
fulfil this task, CNMC has elaborated a methodology to determine the remuneration for gas distribution 
activities approved by means of Circular 4/2020, approved on 31 March 2020.

--- Page 175 ---
- 173 - 
 
 
C. Natural Gas Supply 
EDP participates in the ordinary supply market through EDP Clientes S.A.U. in selling natural gas to end 
consumers all over Spain. 
Suppliers acquire natural gas from producers or other suppliers and sell it to other suppliers or to consumers 
in the liberalised market on terms and conditions freely agreed among the parties. In order to enable 
suppliers to conduct their business, transporters and distributors are under an obligation to grant access to 
their network in exchange for regulated tolls and fees. Royal Decree-Law no. 6/2009 has appointed the 
companies that can supply consumers under the last resort supply system. 
Due to the disappearance of OCSUM, the CNMC supervises the process for consumers changing their gas 
supplier under principles of transparency, objectivity and independence. 
Following the approval of Law no. 25/2009, prior to commencing supply activity gas suppliers are obliged 
to provide a statement to the Ministry of Energy or to the respective regional authority where they wish to 
engage in supply activity (who will transfer the information to the CNMC) which includes confirmation of: 
(a) the dates for commencing (and ending) their activity, (b) proof of their technical capacity for the 
development of the activity, and (c) the guarantees required. A prior administrative authorisation is only 
required for the conduct of supply activities if a company or its parent company is from a country outside 
of the EU that does not recognise equivalent rights. The CNMC is entitled to publish on its web site an up-
to-date list of gas suppliers that have communicated the exercising of their activities. 
The implementation of supply of last resort in the natural gas sector was established by Royal Decree no. 
104/2010, of 5 February, and Royal Decree-Law no. 13/2012 which has partially transposed Directive 
2009/73/EC into Spanish regulation. 
Tariff Deficit in natural gas sector 
In the Spanish natural gas sector, the main regulatory developments for the period from 2012 to 2014 aimed 
to reduce the tariff deficit. In this context, the Spanish government approved Royal Decree Law no. 8/2014 
in July 2014, which main measures are summarised as follows: 
(i) 
Reduction of €238 million per year in regulated activities remuneration (distribution and 
transportation); 
(ii) 
New remuneration models for regulated activities, during a new six-year regulatory period, which 
applies from July 2014 to December 2020. For distribution, the new model is still demand based, 
but the price updating component (IPH) disappears. In the case of transportation, there is a new 
variable component of remuneration linked to the system demand evolution; 
(iii) 
Financing of the 2014 tariff deficit by regulated companies in 15 years. New deficits occurring 
from 2015 onwards financed by regulated companies in five years; and 
(iv) 
New yearly cap to tariff deficits, which leads to automatic tariffs and tolls increase. 
However, these measures have not been enough to contain the tariff deficit and almost every year since 
then a small new tariff deficit has been produced, which is financed by companies with regulated revenues 
from the tariff system, mainly distribution, regasification and transmission operators. 
The accumulated deficit as of 31 December 2020 amounted to €372.2 million according to Order 
TEC/1286/2020. This amount does not include the approximately €1,400 million debt for the unsuccessful 
underground storage project, named "Castor", as Spain's Constitutional Court has annulled the 
compensation due to Castor's owner (Judgement 152/2017, of 21 December 2017). 
D. COVID-19 - Extraordinary measures in the energy sector 
With the coronavirus outbreak, a state of emergency ("estado de alarma") was declared in Spain through 
Royal Decree 463/2020, entering into force 15 March. By means of this decree, all non-essential retail 
activities were suspended. Energy sector is considered an essential activity. During some weeks, also non-
essential industrial activities were suspended as well.

--- Page 176 ---
- 174 - 
 
 
This decree also determined the suspension of the administrative and procedural deadlines as of 15 March 
2020. These suspensions ceased on 1 June and 4 June 2020 respectively with the Royal Decree 537/2020. 
Several waves of measures have been implemented by the Spanish government since the beginning of the 
state of emergency. The most important affecting natural gas and electricity sectors were passed by means 
of Royal Decree-Law 8/2020 (18 March) and Royal Decree-law 11/2020 (1 April). 
The first package contained the following measures: 
 
the interruption of supply of electricity or gas to vulnerable customers during the emergency state 
is forbidden. Vulnerable customers are those ones eligible for the Social Voucher; 
 
an extension of the deadline to renew the social voucher for those vulnerable customers which 
voucher was about to expire (until 30 September 2020); and 
 
freezing of the last resort tariff for natural gas until 30 September 2020. 
The second package contained: 
 
the interruption of supply of electricity or gas to all customers in their main residence during the 
emergency state is forbidden; 
 
a new type of social voucher for self-employed workers whose activity was reduced substantially 
with the COVID crisis, during 6 months; 
 
self-employed workers and enterprises can modify their gas and electricity contracts (contracted 
power and other parameters) without cost or even suspend the contract during the emergency state. 
Once the emergency state is finished they will have three months to adjust their contracts to their 
new situation, without any cost as well. The cost of these modifications and suspensions will be 
assumed by the national budget; and 
 
defaulting self-employed and SMEs may request their suppliers to pay their bills by instalments of 
6 months – the suppliers can ask then the distributors to suspend payments of the corresponding 
access tariffs until the customer has completed his payment. 
A new state of emergency was declared on 25 October 2020 (Royal Decree 926/2020) with no new 
measures affecting energy sectors.

--- Page 177 ---
- 175 - 
 
 
BRAZIL 
1. 
Overview 
The Ministry of Mines and Energy ("MME") is the Brazilian government's office responsible for 
conducting the country's energy policies. Main duties include formulating and implementing policies for 
the energy sector, according to the guidelines defined by the National Energy Policy Council ("CNPE"). 
The MME is responsible for establishing the national energy sector planning, monitoring the security of 
supply of the Brazilian electricity sector and defining preventive actions to guarantee supply restoration in 
case of structural imbalances between power supply and demand. 
According to Law no. 10848/2004 (the "New Electricity Act"), the Brazilian government, acting primarily 
through MME, undertook certain duties that were previously the direct responsibility of ANEEL, including 
granting concessions and issuing directives governing the bidding process for concessions relating to public 
services. 
ANEEL has the authority to regulate and enforce the production, transmission, distribution and sale of 
electricity, ensuring the service quality provided by the universal service and tariff establishment to the 
network users, while preserving the economic and financial viability of agents and industry. The New 
Electricity Act introduced significant changes to the regulation aimed at providing new incentives to 
maintain the country's generation capacity adequate to supply the electricity market. Furthermore, through 
competitive electricity public auctions, energy supply and demand are expected to produce lower tariffs. 
The main feature of the New Electricity Act is the creation of two markets for electricity trading (regulated 
contracting market for the sale and purchase of electricity towards the distribution companies, which is 
operated through electricity purchase auctions; and the unregulated market or free contracting market for 
the sale and purchase of electricity for generators, free consumers and electricity trading companies). 
Several significant changes in regulation regarding the electricity sector occurred during 2012, such as the 
Provisional Measure 579/2012, later converted to Law no. 12783/2013, in which the Brazilian government 
presented measures to reduce electric energy bills. The expected average reduction for Brazil amounted to 
20.2 per cent. of total electric energy bills due to government actions aimed at concession renewals (13 per 
cent.) and sector charges (7 per cent.). 
Regarding concession renewals, generation utilities with contracts that expired between 2015 and 2017 
were able to renew their concessions and shall guarantee that they make available physical energy to the 
quotas system for the distributors in proportion to the market size of each distributor. 
On 23 January 2013, Provisional Measure 605/2013 was published, which had the objective of increasing 
the scope of application of the resources of the Energy Development Fund – Conta de Desenvolvimento 
Energético ("CDE"). As a result, the CDE began using resources to help offset the discounts applied to the 
tariffs and the involuntary exposure of distributors resulting from the decision of some generation 
companies not to extend their generation concessions. This measure amended Law no. 10,438/2002, which 
established the application of the CDE resources. 
On 6 March 2013, CNPE issued the Resolution CNPE 3/2013, which set a new methodology for sharing 
additional costs incurred using thermoelectric power plants out of the order of merit, which would normally 
give preference to hydro power plants. According to this new resolution, thermal power plants could operate 
out of the typical order of merit ahead of the hydroelectric plants to maintain the safety of the system in 
light of the hydrological crisis in Brazil. 
Hydro power plants in Brazil function according to the Energy Reallocation Mechanism ("MRE"), a 
hydrological risk sharing mechanism. The Generating Scaling Factor is a measurement of the amount of 
energy generated compared against the amount of energy guaranteed under the MRE. If a hydro plant 
generates less energy than the amount guaranteed, it will have a deficit. This can occur due to unfavourable 
hydrological conditions, such as extended or severe drought. When a deficit occurs, hydro generators must 
buy energy in the spot market, generally at higher prices, to accomplish their contractual commitments. 
Since distribution network operators ("DNOs") had cash flow difficulties due to Involuntary Exposure and 
high energy costs as a result of insufficient raining season in 2014, the Federal Government issued Decree 
no. 8,221/2014. This decree created an account in the Regulated Contracting Environment (the "ACR 
Account") to cover the additional costs of electricity distributors due to involuntary exposure in the context

--- Page 178 ---
- 176 - 
 
 
of high price levels in the spot market and high usage of thermoelectric plants. The Commercialisation 
Chamber ("CCEE") manages the account, and is responsible for contracting loans, as well as for ensuring 
the transfer of costs incurred in the operations of the CDE. 
The Tariff Flag System started operating through Decree 8,401/2015. This system signals to regulated 
consumers the real costs of electricity generation, and consists of three flags: green, yellow and red. The 
green flag indicates that the cost of energy production is low and therefore no extra charges are applied to 
the energy tariff. The yellow and red flags represent differing levels of increase in energy production cost, 
and that an additional charge has been added to the tariff. Consumers classified as low income will receive 
a discount on the additional amount applied by the yellow and red flags. 
ANEEL approves transfers to the distribution companies on a monthly basis. Any costs not covered by the 
Tariff Flag revenue will be considered in the next tariff process. 
In the Provisional Measure no. 688, issued in August 2015 and converted into Law no. 13,203 on 8 
December 2015, ANEEL introduced optional insurance for hydro generators to cover the risk of a deficit. 
The cost of the insurance varies depending on the hedge level. The hedge option, under conditions provided 
by Law no. 13,203/2013, was conditioned on the inability to receive the amount of energy not covered in 
the MRE via legal proceedings. EDP Brasil has an insurance policy for 7 of 15 of its hydro plants, covering 
51 per cent. of its guaranteed energy. 
The Provisional Measure no. 735, issued on 23 June 2016 and converted into Law no. 13,360 on 18 
November 2016, aims to restructure the Brazilian Energy Sector Funds` management whose current values 
are approximately R$20 billion, made up of: (i) the CDE, (ii) Global Reversion Reserve ("RGR") and (iii) 
Fuel Consumption Account. 
It is an important step forward in the governance of the Brazilian Energy Sector. The management of the 
resources migrated from Eletrobras, a state-owned company with assets in the electricity sector, to a board 
composed of representatives of the CCEE, with recent history of control and audit of their accounts, subject 
to the regulation of the ANEEL. 
Law no. 13,360/2016 also determines that by 2030 the CDE`s apportionment between DNOs will be 
proportional to their markets. The transition period between the current allocation, which overloads the 
South, Southeast and West Central regions, and the proportional allocation to markets will be 2017-2030. 
The participation of high voltage installations will be lower than low voltage. 
The measure creates favourable conditions for the transfer of shareholding control of concessions and 
simplifies the bidding process and the terms of payment to the union. 
It also authorises the transfer of debts with Itaipu from Federal Reserve to end-consumer tariffs and revokes 
the possibility of extension of the concessions whose start-up of the plants was delayed, even if there is 
recognition of exclusive responsibility. 
Finally, it also permits distribution companies to sell their energy surplus to the free market so that they can 
enhance their energy overcontract condition. 
According to Decree no. 9,022, of 31 March 2017, MME detailed sources to support the CDE account (as 
well as RGR utilisation) and the situations in which they can be used, implemented and managed, as stated 
in previous legislation (Laws no. 7,891/2013, 10,438/2002, 12,111/2009 and 12,783/2013). 
ANEEL's Dispatch 2,379, of 17 October 2018, authorised EDP Comercialização Varejista Ltda to act as an 
Electricity Energy Trading Agent within CEE's scope. 
Through Normative Resolution 831, of 30 October 2018, ANEEL changed the parameters for the 
calculation of the price cap for new auctions. 
On 14 November 2018, the Brazilian government issued Provisional Measure 855, enabling privatisation 
of Eletrobras Discos after Senate rejection of a bill proposed by the Brazilian government to establish legal 
framework for the transaction. Up to R$ 3 billion could be paid by consumers in 60 months to cover 
uncovered debts due to economics and energetic efficiency low performance.

--- Page 179 ---
- 177 - 
 
 
On the same day, Provisional Measure 856 was issued, which delegated the responsibility for contracting 
last resort and temporary providers of the public service power distribution to ANEEL. 
Through Normative Resolution 839, of 26 December 2018, ANEEL incorporated a new load levels 
representation for the planning/programming of the electricity operation. 
On 28 December 2018, the Brazilian government issued Decree no 9,642/2018, which gradually removes 
subsidies in incorporated electricity tariffs at a rate of 20 per cent. per year (for 5 years period). The 
subsidies subject to reduction are those relating to the discount for the "rural", "irrigation/aquaculture" and 
"water/sewage/sanitation" classes. The Decree also ends up with the cumulativeness of discounts for the 
beneficiaries of the "rural" and "irrigation/aquaculture" classes. On the other side, Decree no. 9,744/2019 
established cumulative subsidies for consumers in the rural and irrigation/low voltage aquaculture classes 
from the date of its publication. 
ANEEL reviewed and detailed criteria for entry into service of the Transmission Functions, which are the 
functional units that must be handled jointly for their regulatory treatment through Normative Resolution 
841, of 28 December 2018. This Normative Resolution entered into force on 1 July 2019 and revoked REN 
454/2011. The new REN creates the revenue release term, which, in the case of facilities capable of 
operating with third party impediments pending, receives 100 per cent. of the allowed annual revenue. In 
addition, the new REN maintains the receipt of 90 per cent. of the annual revenue permitted ("RAP") 
portion for the partial release terms, and, if the impediments pending enter into force for more than 12 
months, the transmitter will receive 80 per cent. of the RAP portion. 
On 29 December 2018, Ministerial Order no. 514 was published, which decreases the load limits for 
consumers contracting electricity of the liberalised market. From 1 July 2019, consumers with a load of 
2,500 kW or more, regardless of the connection voltage level, were able to acquire power in the liberalised 
market. From 1 January 2020, the possibility extended to 2,000 kW. On 12 December 2019, Ordinance 465 
enabled consumers with a load more than or equal to 1500 kW to enter the free market on 1 January 2021, 
reducing to 1000 kW on 1 January 2022 and to 500 kW on 1 January 2023. 
On 29 January 2019, the Ministerial Council for Disaster Response Supervision published Resolution No. 
1, dated 28 January 2019, which establishes that federal supervisory agencies must require the immediate 
updating of Dam Safety Power-Plans, in accordance with Law no. 12,334, of 2010. Therefore, ANEEL 
implemented a special campaign to inspect dams in power-plants, which includes documental evaluation 
and on-site inspection in all hydroelectric plants in operation. 
On 12 February 2019, Ministerial Order 124 created a Working Group with the scope of coordinating the 
development of studies to subsidise the process of revision of Itaipu Treaty Annex C. 
Homologatory Resolution No. 2,514, dated 19 February 2019, updated ANEEL's reference bank to be used 
in the authorisation processes, bidding for concession granting and revision of the annual allowed revenues 
of electricity power transmission concessionaires. 
On 1 March 2019, MME published Ministerial Order no. 151/2019, which established the dates of the new 
energy auctions in: (i) 2019: A-4 in June and A-6 in September; (ii) 2020: A-4 in April and A-6 in 
September; and (iii) 2021: A-4 in April and A-6 in September. Ministerial Order No. 152 established the 
schedule for existing A-1 and A-2 energy auctions in December 2019, 2020 and 2021. 
Homologatory Resolution no. 2,521, of 20 March 2019, changed the amount of CDE fees to be paid by the 
distributors, referring to the ACR Account. The ACR Account was created to cover the loan passed on to 
the distributors in 2014. At that time, the fee collection was established including an additional fund 
formation. Based on ANEEL's forecasts for the ACR account that must be collected, the previously formed 
fund will have sufficient funds to repay the loan in September 2019. 
On 3 April 2019, Ministerial Order no. 186 was also published, establishing the Guidelines for the Auction 
of Purchase of Electricity from New Generation, named "A-4", of 2019. On 1 August and 4 September 
2019, Ordinances MME no. 304 and 337, respectively, established auctions from existing generation 
projects A-1 and A-2 and from new generation projects A-6. 
On 4 April 2019, a working group was created by Ministerial Order No. 187 to develop proposals for the 
Electricity Sector Modernisation, dealing, with an integrated point of view, with the following topics: (i) 
market environment and mechanisms to make feasible the expansion of the Electricity System; (ii) pricing

--- Page 180 ---
- 178 - 
 
 
mechanisms; (iii) rationalisation of charges and subsidies; (iv) Energy Reallocation Mechanism - MRE; (v) 
allocation of costs and risks; (vi) insertion of new technologies; and (vii) sustainability of distribution 
services. 
ANEEL approved improvements in the settlement price of differences, through Normative Resolution 843, 
of 2 April 2019, establishing the general guidelines for the process of price formation and disclosure of data 
to the market, reinforcing anticipation and transparency, as well as consolidating various agency 
regulations. 
On 19 July 2019, ANEEL approved Normative Resolution no. 851/19 which established rules for 
thermoelectric plants dispatching to provide complementary grid frequency control. 
On 7 August 2019, MME Public Consultation 76 proposed mandatory representation by retailers in the free 
market for consumers with a load of less than or equal to 1,000 kW. On 21 October 2019, MME withdraw 
this idea. 
On 26 August 2019, MME Public Consultation 77 proposed a reduction of market reserve for renewable 
energy sources.  
Order ANEEL no. 2,506 of 10 September 2019 approved research and development projects for electrical 
mobility. Three EDP projects were approved. 
On 9 September 2020, the Federal Government published Law 14,052/2020, which regulates the 
renegotiation of the hydrological risk. This law established compensation for the owners of hydroelectric 
plants that participate in the MRE who are affected by the non-hydrological effects since 2012. 
Compensation will be granted to the impacted plants in the form of a grant extension. 
On 12 July 2021, Law no. 14,182/2021 (privatisation of Eletrobras) was approved, which, among other 
things, extended the renegotiation of the hydrological risk to the portion of energy in the ACR in a period 
prior to the renegotiation of Law no. 13,203/2015. 
On 3 August 2021, ANEEL's board of directors partially approved the renegotiation of the hydrological 
risk of the MRE's plants, through Normative Resolution no. 2,919/2021, initiating the process of evaluation 
and acceptance of the terms by the agents. 
 
Generation Highlights 
The Generation Scaling Factor ("GSF") is the ratio between the total generation and the total physical 
guarantee of the MRE. If the ratio is more than "1", it means that secondary energy was generated during 
the period. If the ratio is less than "1", this is the adjustment factor to be applied to the physical guarantees 
of the plants in the MRE, to cover their levels of generation. 
The GSF mechanism was judicialized in 2015 by several companies that contested the payment of risks not 
related to hydrology. Federal Law no. 13,203/15 brought a solution to the problem in the regulated market 
in the same year, but it was not suitable for the free market generators. Since then, open positions in the 
spot market reached BRL 9 billion. In September 2020, Law no. 14.052/20 amended Law no. 13.203/15 
and enacted a compensation mechanism applicable to specific hydroelectrical energy generation conditions. 
This new law is expected to help resolve the impasses caused by the GSF issue in the short-term energy 
market, normalising its settlements. 
With the approval of Law no. 14,052/2020 and the partial approval of the hydrological risk by ANEEL on 
3 August 2021, HPP Peixe Angical will be able to renegotiate its risk in the next 60 days, waiving up the 
court injunctions and receiving in return the extension of exploration grant for an additional 5.5 years. 
The rest of EDP's hydroelectric power plants are awaiting the updating of CCEE's calculations, after 
approval of Law no. 14,182/2021 and approval of the deadlines for extension of concession exploration by 
ANEEL.

--- Page 181 ---
- 179 - 
 
 
2. 
Distribution tariffs 
Power distribution companies in Brazil operate with regulated tariffs, and their operating results are 
therefore subject to regulation. Their concession contracts contain provisions for periodic and annual tariff 
adjustments and the possibility of extraordinary tariff revisions (i.e. revisions that can be taken by the 
regulator if some unexpected exogenous factor occurs that affects the financial or economic equilibrium of 
the concession). 
Periodic tariff revisions 
Every three, four or five years, depending on the concession contract, ANEEL establishes a new set of 
tariffs, reviewing all concessionaire costs and expected revenue. To calculate periodic tariff revisions, 
ANEEL determines the annual revenue required for a power distribution company to cover what a 
concession contract refers to as the sum of "Parcel A" and "Parcel B" costs. Parcel A costs consist of a 
distribution company's costs of power supply, transmission costs as well as tariff charges. Parcel B costs 
consist of the distribution company's operating costs, taxes, depreciation and return on investment, accepted 
by the regulator. 
The required revenue of EDP's electricity distribution companies is calculated on an annual basis and 
regards a revenue flow compatible with the regulatory economic costs calculated according to specific rules 
established by ANEEL, over a past 12-month period called a test year. The regulatory regime in Brazil 
provides for price caps, and if the estimated required revenue for the year under analysis is different from 
the actual revenue of the concessionaire for that year, the risk is allocated to the concessionaire. Recent 
modifications in the tariff methodology have reduced this risk, called market risk, and for almost all of 
Portion A costs the market risk has been allocated to the customers: if the revenue is higher than expected, 
the tariff for the next year is reduced, and vice versa. 
Periodic tariff revisions are conducted every three years for EDP Espírito Santo and every four years for 
EDP São Paulo. 
On 28 April 2015, through Resolution no. 660, ANEEL approved changes in the methodology applicable 
to the processes of Periodic Tariff Review for distributors as of 6 May 2015. The changes related to the 
following: (i) general procedures; (ii) operating costs; (iii) X-Factor (productivity gains); (iv) non-technical 
losses; (v) unrecoverable revenues; and (vi) other income. The most significant changes are as follows: 
(i) 
the tariff cycle concept was extinguished. The methodologies and parameters prevailing at the time 
of the tariff review will be used. The parameters and the methodologies will be updated every two 
to four years and every four to eight years respectively in each case counted from 2015; 
(ii) 
the WACC increased from 7.5 per cent. to 8.09 per cent. (after tax). The points taken into account 
in the update were: (i) standardisation of the series; (ii) use of average credit risk of companies in 
the debt capital; and (iii) recalculation of the cost of capital every three years, with a methodology 
review every six years; 
(iii) 
remuneration for the risk associated with investment operations funded by third-party funds 
(subsidies); 
(iv) 
the definition of efficient operating costs was changed to comprise the "consumer energy index" 
and "non-Technical losses"; 
(v) 
in determining the level of non-technical losses, the variable "low-income" was included and the 
database updated based on three statistical models; 
(vi) 
the level of unrecoverable revenues (percentage) shall be calculated based on past 60 months of 
non-compliance by the concessionaire; 
(vii) 
the percentage share of other revenue has been changed to 30 per cent. in the services of: (i) 
efficiency of energy consumption; (ii) qualified cogeneration facility; and (iii) data communication 
services. The percentage share of other services was set at 60 per cent.; and 
(viii) 
the calculation of X-Factor now includes consideration of commercial quality.

--- Page 182 ---
- 180 - 
 
 
On 6 March 2018, ANEEL has decided to maintain the WACC at 8.09 per cent. (after tax) until December 
2019. From 2020 onward it will be applicated a new methodology. The preliminary proposal of the 
regulator in the public consultation of October 2019 reduces WACC from 8.09 to 7.17 per cent.  EDP 
Espírito Santo and EDP São Paulo will maintain the 8.09 per cent. (after tax) WACC until their new 
regulatory period starts in August 2022 and October 2023, respectively. 
ANEEL's Normative Resolution no. 833, of 19 December 2018, detailed the procedure for calculation and 
settlement of the Surplus Selling Mechanism, object of Normative Resolution 824/2018. 
ANEEL's Normative Resolution no. 835, of 19 December 2018, improved and adjusted the criteria for tariff 
review of the distributors belonging to the same economic group that opted for the concessions grouping. 
ANEEL's Normative Resolution no. 877, of 19 March 2020, simplified the methodology of X-Factor Pd 
(the "Pd" component shares the scale productivity with consumers). 
ANEEL's Normative Resolution no. 907, of December 2020, postponed the governance index disclosure 
for 2022, when corporate and data compliance indicators will be analysed. 
ANEEL's Normative Resolution no. 925, of March 2021, excluded equivalent interruption frequency per 
consumer unit from the X-Factor Q (the "Q" component in X-Factor is to encourage continuous 
improvement of quality-of-service indicators), and amplified penalty or benefit signals. 
ANEEL's Normative Resolution no. 933, of May 2021, instituted the new Electric Sector Accounting 
Manual. 
ANEEL's Normative Resolution no. 939, of July 2021, simplified the analysis of assets price database and 
proposed new reference prices from August 2021.  
Following the Regulatory Agenda 2021, several methodological changes are expected. Public Hearing 
062/2020 discussed improvements for benchmark methodology for operational costs. Public Hearing 
029/2020 proposed the exclusion of the loss saturation point and greater speed of trajectory to the goal of 
non-technical losses model. Public Hearing 049/2021 is open until mid-October 2021 to receive 
contributions on a proposed pilot programme of two-part tariffs considering centralised governance by 
ANEEL. Tariff flags will also be discussed in the fourth quarter of 2021 in order to review the highest level 
of the flags. 
Tariff adjustments 
Because the revenues of electricity distribution companies are affected by inflation, they are afforded an 
annual tariff adjustment to address the impact of inflation for the period between periodic revisions. For the 
purposes of the annual adjustment, a tariff adjustment rate (referred to as the Tariff Adjustment Index) is 
applied, through which Parcel A costs are adjusted to account for variations in costs and Parcel B costs are 
adjusted to account for variations in the General Price Index Market ("IGP-M") inflation index. For Parcel 
B, the tariff adjustment rate also considers a measure of the distributor's operating productivity power 
quality, called the X-Factor. The main objective of the X-Factor is to ensure an efficient balance between 
revenues and costs, established at the time of revision, by considering standard values established by the 
regulator. The X-Factor has three components: (i) expected productivity gains; (ii) quality of service; and 
(iii) cost efficiency. 
On 7 August 2018, ANEEL approved the 2018 annual tariff readjustment for EDP Espírito Santo which 
will apply from 7 August 2018 to 6 August 2019. The average effect was 15.87 per cent. Parcel B was 
readjusted by 7.19 per cent., considering an IGP-M of 8.24 per cent. and an X-Factor of 1.05 per cent. 
resulting from 1.15 per cent. of productivity gains, -0.10 per cent. of incentives to quality of service and 
0.00 per cent. of trajectory to adequacy of operational costs. 
On 16 October 2018, ANEEL approved the 2018 annual tariff readjustment for EDP São Paulo which will 
apply from 23 October 2018 to 22 October 2019. The average effect was 16.12 per cent. Parcel B was 
readjusted by 9.48 per cent., considering an IGP-M of 10.04 per cent. and an X-Factor of 0.56 per cent., in 
result of 1.14 per cent. of productivity gains, -0.34 per cent. of incentives to quality of service and -0.24 per 
cent. of trajectory to adequacy of operational costs.

--- Page 183 ---
- 181 - 
 
 
On 6 August 2019, ANEEL approved the 2019 tariff revision for EDP Espírito Santo which will apply from 
7 August 2019 to 6 August 2020. The average tariff effect perceived by the consumer was -4.84 per cent. 
Parcel B was revised by 13.6 per cent., considering an X-Factor of 0.84 per cent. resulting from 1.12 per 
cent. of productivity gains, -0.28 per cent. of incentives to quality of service and -1.05 per cent. of trajectory 
to adequacy of operational costs.  Technical regulatory losses were fixed at 7.06 per cent., while commercial 
losses were set at 10.74 per cent. over low tension market in 2019, reducing to 9.58 per cent. until 2021. 
On 23 October 2019, ANEEL approved the 2019 tariff revision for EDP Sao Paulo which will apply from 
24 October 2019 to 23 October 2020. The average tariff effect perceived by the consumer was -5.33 per 
cent. Parcel B was revised by 2.7 per cent., considering an X-Factor of 0.88 per cent. resulting from 0.96 
per cent. of productivity gains, and -0.08 per cent. of incentives to quality of service. Technical regulatory 
losses were fixed at 4.06 per cent., while commercial losses were set at 8,43 per cent. over low tension 
market in 2019, reduced to 8.42 per cent. until 2022. 
On 6 August 2020, ANEEL’s board unanimously approved the 2020 annual tariff readjustment for EDP 
Espírito Santo which will apply from 7 August 2020 to 6 August 2021. The average effect was 8.02 per 
cent. Parcel B was readjusted by 2.5 per cent., was set at BRL 1.004 billion, considering an IGP-M of 9.27 
per cent. and an X-Factor of – 0.14 per cent. resulting from 1.12 per cent. of productivity gains, -0.21 per 
cent. of incentives to quality of service and -1.05 per cent. of trajectory to adequacy of operational costs. 
The readjustments mainly affected UHE Itaipu costs given its value follows the U.S.dollar exchange rate. 
The reversal of the values of the COVID-Account in the amount of BRL 219.4 million, the anticipation 
reversal of the values of PIS/COFINS in the amount of BRL 159 million and the rectification of the CDE 
of 2020, contributed to a 13.9 per cent. reduction. 
On 20 October 2020, ANEEL’s board unanimously approved the 2020 annual tariff readjustment for EDP 
São Paulo which will apply from 23 October 2020 to 22 October 2021. The average effect was 4.82 per 
cent. Parcel B was readjusted by 21 per cent., was set at BRL 1.198 billion, considering an IGP-M of 17.94 
per cent. and an X-Factor of 0.55 per cent. resulting from 0.96 per cent. of productivity gains, -0.41 per 
cent. of incentives to quality of service and 0.00 per cent. of trajectory to adequacy of operational costs. 
The readjustment mainly affected UHE Itaipu costs given its value follows the U.S. dollar exchange rate. 
The reversal of the values of the COVID-Account in the amount of BRL 355.8 million contributed to a 8.5 
per cent. reduction. 
On 3 August 2021, ANEEL’s board unanimously approved the 2021 annual tariff readjustment for EDP 
Espírito Santo which will apply from 7 August 2021 to 6 August 2022. The average effect was 9.75 per 
cent. Parcel B was readjusted by 46 per cent., was set at BRL 1.466 billion, considering an IGP-M of 33.75  
per cent. and an X-Factor of -0.13 per cent. resulting from 1.12 per cent. of productivity gains, -0.20 per 
cent. of incentives to quality of service and -1.05 per cent. of trajectory to adequacy of operational costs. 
The main readjustment’s cause was the costs of thermoelectric dispatch in consequence of the hydrologic 
crise and the elevation of IGP-M. The readjustment also had a previous consideration of regulatory credits, 
that contributed to prevent 5.7 per cent. of tariff impact. These regulatory credits are related to the 
PIS/COFINS taxes injunction (BRL 156 million) and to the clients' excess consumption of demand and 
reactive power (BRL 72 million). 
Transmission revenue 
On 14 May 2019, ANEEL approved the new Reference Prices to be practiced in transmission substation 
and lines. 
Transmission readjustment tariff occurred on 25 June 2019 (ANEEL's Homologatory Resolution no. 
2562/2019), affecting EDP Transmission revenue by establishing the value of the Tariffs for the Use of the 
Transmission System ("TUST") for electricity, components of the National Interconnected System for the 
2019-2020 cycle. 
On 31 July 2019, ANEEL approved the acquisition of Litoral Sul Transmission Company by EDP and 
hence a new transmission line has been constructed. 
On 3 September 2019, ANEEL approved the RAP value regarding the third autotransformer 
implementation at SE Siderópolis 2 of EDP Aliança. The approval allows the equipment fabrication and 
installation to occur simultaneously with the rest of the transmission assets.

--- Page 184 ---
- 182 - 
 
 
On 28 April 2020, the Brazilian National Power Grid Operator – ONS, confirmed the partitioning of the 
EDP Aliança’s concession agreement. This act allows the entry into service of part of EDP Aliança’s 
transmission assets. The expected revenue is 90 per cent. of the RAP portion associated to this group of 
Transmission Functions. The expected income is approximately BRL 50 million per year. 
A transmission readjustment tariff occurred on 14 July 2020 (Homologatory Resolution no. 2,725/2020), 
affecting EDP Transmission revenue by establishing the value of TUST for electricity, components of the 
National Interconnected System for the 2020-2021 cycle. 
On 24 November 2020, ONS published two access reports, which established the technical viability and 
conditions for the distributors agents, CEGERO and CEBRANORTE, to connect to Tubarão Sul substation, 
owned by EDP Litoral Sul. These documents indicate the need for the construction of two modules to 
connect the overhead distribution lines, by December 2022. 
On 8 December 2020, ANEEL approved the Services Rules of Transmission Electric Energy in the National 
Electric System (Homologatory Resolution no. 905/2020), which consolidates the rules of Transmission 
Sector, including assets, public service provision, system access and operation. 
Transmission readjustment tariff occurred on 13 July 2021 (Homologatory Resolution no. 2,895/2021), 
affecting EDP Transmission revenue by establishing the value of TUST for electricity, components of the 
National Interconnected System for the 2021-2022 cycle. 
3. 
COVID-19 - Extraordinary measures in the energy sector 
COVID-19 has caused direct and indirect impacts in the Brazilian electricity sector since March 2020, 
suspending activities and forcing agents to reorganise their activities to honour the contractual 
commitments and guarantee companies' cash flow. Aiming to mitigate COVID-19's impact, on 19 March 
2020, the federal government published Federal Decree No. 10,282/2020, classifying electricity generation, 
transmission, and distribution as essential public services activities, indispensable to society's needs. 
On 19 March 2020, Ordinance no. 133/2020-MME established the Sectorial Crisis Committee at the MME, 
with the presentation of an action plan to maintain the obligations of essential services. 
On 24 March 2020, ANEEL's Normative Resolution no. 878/2020 suspended electricity cuts due to default 
by residential consumers for 90 days. However, emergency assistance must be maintained during the period. 
On 25 March 2020, Federal Decree no. 10,292/2020 classified the public services and activities essential 
to the community. In relation to the energy sector, the supply, operation, and maintenance of electricity 
segments were included. 
On 31 March 2020, MME's Ordinance no. 134/2020 postponed transmission and power generation auctions, 
associated with long-term expansion of the grid. 
On 8 April 2020, ANEEL's Normative Resolution no. 881/2020 and ANEEL's Ordinance No. 986/2020 
anticipated BRL 2 billion of Financial Surplus to power distribution companies ("DisCos") and free 
consumers, as a crisis measure, from sectoral funds associated with the payment of energy security charges. 
EDP's distributors have received approximately BRL 56 million. 
On 15 April 2020, ANEEL's Provisional Measure no. 950/2020 granted a 100 per cent. discount on the 
Social Electricity Tariff, from 1 April to 30 June 2020, to consumers in the Low-Income Residential 
Subclass, whose energy consumption electricity is less than or equal to 220 kWh/month. 
On 20 April 2020, ANEEL's Order no. 1,406/2020 recommended that DISCO and high voltage consumers 
negotiate bilaterally possible flexibilities in their contracts due to the reduction in electricity consumption. 
In respect of the electricity transmission sector, on 22 April 2020, ANEEL's Dispatch no. 1,106/2020 
defined the use of the transmission tariff surplus for the 2019/2020 tariff cycle, thus anticipating the tariff 
discount to users. 
On 28 April 2020, Federal Decree no. 10,329/2020 included engineering works and equipment supply 
related to the electric power generation, transmission, and distribution segments within the list of essential 
services.

--- Page 185 ---
- 183 - 
 
 
On 15 May 2020, ANEEL's Order no. 1,437/2020 approved an extraordinary revision of Brazil's demand 
forecast for 2020, due to the decrease in electricity consumption relative to the crisis. Due to the drop in 
demand and the price of electricity, the DisCos are the most affected by the crisis. On 18 May 2020, Federal 
Decree No. 10,350/2020 created the "COVID Account" to deal with the pandemic effects for the electricity 
sector. 
On 26 May 2020, through Public Hearing no. 35/2020, the Brazilian regulator received subsidies for the 
operationalisation of the "COVID Account", regarding the financial aspects. A ceiling value of BRL 16.1 
billion was estimated. Credit up to BRL 600 million is expected to EDP's DisCos, with a return expected 
from 2021. The Public Hearing closed on 1 June 2020. 
On 26 May 2020, ANEEL's Authorising Resolution no. 8,926/2020 exempted the penalty for commercial 
operation delay for four months in relation to the regulatory framework, defined in the Electric Energy 
Transmission Concession Contract or in the authorising act. ANEEL's Public Hearing no. 37/2020, open to 
contributions until 1 July 2020, will discuss management mechanisms for regulated contracts, allowing the 
postponement of fixed revenue payments between distributors and generators, through auctions. In addition, 
new contract management products for 2021 will be discussed, with the possibility of releasing energy for 
free negotiation. 
There were no specific regulatory or governmental measures for the free energy market, since it is an 
unregulated market, with bilateral negotiations between agents and little interference by ANEEL. 
On 21 July 2020, the COVID contract of BRL 15.3 billion was approved, financed by a pool of 16 banks. 
The CCEE disbursement schedule was established, considering the anticipation of receiving the last amount 
by 28 December 2020. On 31 July 2020, EDP Espírito Santo received BRL 219 million and EDP São Paulo 
BRL 318 million and on 10 August 2020, EDP SP received BRL 36 million. The distributors will begin 
paying COVID Account in 2021, whose amortisation will occur in 54 monthly payments. In the 2020 tariff 
processes, the amount received from the COVID Account was deducted from the tariff repositioning index 
of EDP distributors, representing a reduction of approximately 6 per cent. for EDP Espírito Santo and 8 per 
cent. for EDP São Paulo. 
The second phase of Public Hearing no. 035/2020 was initiated on 18 August 2020, with the purpose of 
analysing the impact of the COVID-19 on the economic balance of distributors. ANEEL suggests the 
recomposition through the mechanisms Submodule 2.9 of PRORET: triggering equations to obtain the right 
of extraordinary tariff review ("RTE"). 
Discounting the benefits of COVID Account, only one distributor, Amazonas, would be entitled to the RTE. 
The amount to be granted in the tariffs, in case all the distributors request rebalancing through Submodule 
2.10, is BRL 2 billion. 
The third phase of Public Hearing no. 035/2020 was initiated on 16 December 2020. As a result, ANEEL 
proposed: (i) a revision to the RTE trigger and a final proposal for the methodology for market 
reconstitution and unrecoverable revenues reconstitution, in case of RTE approval; (ii) the calculation for 
involuntary overcontracting due to the COVID-19 pandemic; and (iii) the allocation of spread (between 
consumers and distributors) from the COVID Account.

--- Page 186 ---
- 184 - 
 
 
UNITED STATES 
1. 
Overview 
Federal, state and local energy statutes regulate the development, ownership, business organisation and 
operation of electric generating facilities in the United States. In addition, the federal government regulates 
wholesale sales of electricity and certain environmental matters, and the state and local governments 
regulate the construction of electric generating facilities, retail electricity sales and environmental and 
permitting matters. 
2. 
Federal regulations related to the electricity industry 
The federal government regulates wholesale power sales and the transmission of electricity in interstate 
commerce through the Federal Energy Regulatory Commission ("FERC"), which draws its jurisdiction 
from the Federal Power Act, as amended (the "FPA"), and from other federal legislation such as the Public 
Utility Regulatory Policies Act of 1978, as amended ("PURPA 1978"), and the Public Utility Holding 
Company Act of 2005 ("PUHCA 2005"). 
Electricity generation 
All of the Group's project companies in the United States operate as exempt wholesale generators 
("EWGs") under PUHCA 2005 or as owners of qualifying facilities ("QFs") under PURPA 1978, or are 
dually certified. In addition, most of the project companies are regulated by FERC under Parts II and III of 
the FPA and have market-based rate authorisation from FERC. Such market-based rate authorisation allows 
the project companies to make wholesale power sales at negotiated rates to any purchaser that is not an 
affiliated public utility with a franchised electric service territory. 
EWGs are owners or operators of electric generation (including producers of renewable energy, such as 
wind and solar projects) that are engaged exclusively in the business of owning and/or operating generating 
facilities and selling electric energy at wholesale. An EWG cannot make retail sales of electric energy or 
engage in other business activities that are not incidental to the generation and sale of electric energy at 
wholesale. An EWG may own or operate only those limited interconnection facilities necessary to connect 
wholesale generation to the grid. 
Under the FPA, FERC has exclusive rate-making jurisdiction over "public utilities" that engage in 
wholesale sales of electric energy or the transmission of electric energy in interstate commerce. With certain 
limited exceptions, the owner of a renewable energy facility that has been certified as an EWG in 
accordance with FERC's regulations is subject to regulation under the FPA and to FERC's rate-making 
jurisdiction. FERC typically grants EWGs the authority to charge market-based rates as long as the EWG 
can demonstrate that it does not have, or has adequately mitigated, market power and it cannot otherwise 
erect barriers to market entry. Currently, none of the Group's project companies or their affiliates has been 
found by FERC to have the potential to exercise market power in any U.S. markets. In the event that FERC's 
analysis of market power changes or if certain other conditions of market-based rate authority are not met, 
FERC has the authority to impose mitigation measures or withhold or rescind market-based rate authority 
and require sales to be made based at cost-of-service rates which could result in a reduction in rates. 
FERC generally grants EWGs with market-based rate authority waivers from many of the accounting and 
record-keeping requirements that are otherwise imposed on traditional public utilities under the FPA. 
However, EWGs with market-based rate authority are subject to ongoing review of their rates under FPA 
sections 205 and 206, advance review of certain direct and indirect dispositions of FERC-jurisdictional 
facilities under FPA section 203, regulation of securities issuances and assumptions of liability under FPA 
section 204 (subject to certain blanket preauthorisation), and supervision of interlocking directorates under 
FPA section 305. FERC has authority to assess substantial civil penalties (i.e. up to approximately $1.3 
million USD per day per violation) for failure to comply with the conditions of market-based rate authority 
and the requirements of Part II of the FPA. 
Certain small power production facilities may qualify as QFs under PURPA 1978. A wind or solar-powered 
generating facility (or the aggregation of all such facilities owned or operated by the same person or its 
affiliates, using the same energy source and located within one mile of each other) with a net generating 
capacity of 80 MW or less may be certified by FERC or self-certified with FERC as a QF. Certain QFs, 
including renewable energy facilities with a net generating capacity of 30 MW or less, are exempt from

--- Page 187 ---
- 185 - 
 
 
certain provisions of the FPA. Additionally, renewable energy QFs with a net generating capacity of 20 
MW or less are exempt from FERC's rate-making authority under the FPA. QFs that are not located in 
competitive wholesale markets have the right to require an electric utility to purchase the power generated 
by such QFs at the utility's avoided cost rate. QFs also have the right to require an electric utility to 
interconnect it to the utility's transmission system, and to sell firm power service, back-up power, and 
supplementary power to the QF at reasonable and non-discriminatory rates. However, states have generally 
been permitted broad authority to determine avoided cost rates, set additional limitations on the nameplate 
capacity of QFs eligible for standard offer contracts and modify the tenor of certain contracts for QF sales. 
Therefore, the precise terms of sale for generation from QF projects vary from state to state. Finally, a 
renewable energy QF with a net capacity of 30 MW or less is exempt from regulation under PUHCA 2005 
and the state laws and regulations respecting the rates of electric utilities and the financial and organisational 
regulation of electric utilities. 
On 16 July 2020, FERC issued a final rule revising its PURPA 1978 regulations. The final rule grants state 
regulatory authorities more flexibility in setting the avoided cost rates utilities must pay to QFs and 
establishing criteria that QFs must meet prior to obtaining a contract or other legally enforceable obligation 
for the sale of power to utilities. In addition, the final rule revises the utilities' obligation to purchase power 
from small power production QFs under 20 MW, the process for challenging a QF self-certification, and 
the rules used to aggregate and treat as a single facility (for purposes of the 80 MW size limit and other 
thresholds) small power production QFs that use the same fuel source, are owned or operated by the same 
person or its affiliates, and are located within a certain distance of each other. The final rule went into effect 
on 31 December 2020. 
FERC also implements the requirements of PUHCA 2005, which imposes certain obligations on "holding 
companies" that own or control 10 per cent. or more of the direct or indirect voting interests in companies 
that own or operate facilities used for the generation of electricity for sale, including renewable energy 
facilities. As a general matter, PUHCA 2005 imposes certain record-keeping, reporting and accounting 
obligations on such holding companies and certain of their affiliates. However, holding companies that own 
only EWGs, QFs or foreign utility companies are exempt from the federal access to books and records 
provisions of PUHCA 2005. 
Wholesale electricity transactions in the United States are either bilateral in nature, which allows two parties 
to freely contract for the sale and purchase of energy, or take place within centralised clearing markets for 
capacity and spot energy which facilitates the efficient distribution of energy. Regional power markets have 
formed within the transmission systems operated by independent system operators ("ISOs"), such as the 
Midcontinent, California, New York, PJM Interconnection, Southwest, and New England ISOs. 
EDP's project companies typically sell power and the associated renewable energy credits ("RECs") from 
EDP's electric generation facilities under long-term bilateral PPAs. However, additional energy or ancillary 
services may be sold on a short-term basis to the market, generally at short-term clearing prices or, in the 
case of Reactive Supply and Voltage Control Service, at cost-based rates accepted by FERC or at rates set 
by the relevant ISO. In addition, EDP's project companies may sell RECs under long-term or short-term 
bilateral agreements. EDP's electric generating facilities are typically interconnected to the grid through 
long-term interconnection agreements, under which transmission-owning utilities (in combination with any 
ISO in which the utility is a member) agree to construct and maintain system-operated interconnection 
facilities and provide interconnection service to the facilities. As such, successful and timely completion of 
EDP's projects and electric sales from EDP's projects are dependent on the performance of EDP's 
counterparties under the interconnection agreements. 
NERC reliability standards 
FERC has jurisdiction over all users, owners, and operators of the bulk power system for purposes of 
approving and enforcing compliance with certain reliability standards. Reliability standards are 
requirements to provide for the reliable operation of the bulk power system. Pursuant to its authority under 
the FPA, FERC certified the North American Electric Reliability Corporation ("NERC") as the entity 
responsible for developing reliability standards, submitting them to FERC for approval, and overseeing and 
enforcing compliance with reliability standards, subject to FERC review. FERC authorised NERC to 
delegate certain functions to six regional reliability entities. All users, owners and operators of the bulk 
power system that meet certain materiality thresholds are required to register with the NERC and comply 
with FERC-approved reliability standards. Violations of mandatory reliability standards may result in the 
imposition of civil penalties of up to approximately $1.3 million USD per day per violation. All of EDP's

--- Page 188 ---
- 186 - 
 
 
projects in the United States that meet the relevant materiality thresholds are required to comply with 
applicable FERC-approved reliability standards for Generation Owners and/or Generator Operators. NERC 
may also require generators that own certain interconnection facilities to register as Transmission Owners 
and/or Transmission Operators which may impose additional reliability standards on EDP's projects. 
Federal Regulation of Foreign Investment in the United States 
The Committee on Foreign Investment in the United States ("CFIUS") has jurisdiction over foreign 
investment in a United States business if the investment could threaten U.S. national security.  This 
authority arises out of the Exon-Florio Amendment to the Defense Production Act of 1950, as amended 
("Exon-Florio"), which generally authorises the President to disrupt or block a transaction that has resulted 
or could result in a foreign person gaining control of a United States business if the transaction threatens 
United States national security.  Congress most recently amended Exon-Florio through the Foreign 
Investment Risk Review Modernisation Act ("FIRRMA"), which was enacted in August 2018, and with 
certain new requirements implemented effective February 2020. 
The President's and CFIUS's authority under Exon-Florio, and as amended by FIRRMA, generally extends 
to the following three categories of "covered transactions".  First, "covered control transactions" are 
transactions that could result in a foreign person having, directly or indirectly, control over a U.S. business.  
Control is defined in functional terms as the power, direct or indirect, to determine, direct or decide 
important matters affecting an entity. 
Second, "covered investments" are non-controlling investments by foreign persons in unaffiliated U.S. 
businesses involved with "critical technologies," "critical infrastructure" or "sensitive personal data (SPD)" 
("TID U.S. businesses") where the investor is accorded certain "triggering rights."  For CFIUS to have 
jurisdiction over non-controlling investments in a TID U.S. business, the foreign investor must receive one 
or more of the following triggering rights in the U.S. business: (i) access to material non-public technical 
information in possession of the U.S. business related to critical technology or covered investment critical 
infrastructure; (ii) membership or observer rights on, or the right to nominate an individual to a position on, 
the board of directors or equivalent governing body of the U.S. business; or (iii) involvement, other than 
through the voting of shares, in substantive decision-making of the U.S. business regarding the use of SPD 
of U.S. citizens; the development or release of critical technologies; or the operation or supply of covered 
investment critical infrastructure. 
Third, "covered real estate transactions" are transactions involving the purchase or lease by or concession 
to a foreign party of real estate located in various sensitive locations within the United States if the purchase, 
lease or concession affords the foreign party certain property rights. 
Generally, notifying CFIUS of a "covered transaction" is voluntary.  Clearance by CFIUS generally 
insulates a transaction from adverse action under the statute.  However, if a covered transaction is not 
notified to and cleared by CFIUS, the transaction is indefinitely susceptible to adverse action under Exon-
Florio.  In addition, while CFIUS ordinarily only examines transactions that have been notified to it, Exon-
Florio authorises CFIUS to examine "non-notified" covered transactions.  The Group typically has 
submitted notices to CFIUS as a covered control transaction when it has acquired new wind farm, solar 
park, or electric generating assets.  The Group anticipates that it also will from time to time submit notices 
to CFIUS regarding covered real estate transactions following the new rules under FIRRMA. 
Under FIRRMA, with certain exceptions, transaction parties are required to notify CFIUS of "covered 
transactions" involving either (a) acquisition of a voting interest of 25 per cent. or more in a U.S. TID 
business by a foreign person in which a foreign government has a voting interest of 49 per cent. or more; 
or (b) a controlling or non-controlling investment in a TID U.S. business that produces, designs, tests, 
manufactures, fabricates or designs one or more critical technologies utilised in connection with the TID 
U.S. business's activity in one or more of 27 specified industries defined by the North American Industrial 
Classification System codes or designed by the TID U.S. business specifically for use in one or more of 
these industries.  The Group has not engaged transactions that would require a mandatory filing with 
CFIUS. 
3. 
State Regulations Related to the Electricity Industry

--- Page 189 ---
- 187 - 
 
 
State regulatory agencies have jurisdiction over the rates and terms of electricity service to retail customers. 
As noted above, an EWG is not permitted to make retail sales. States may or may not permit QFs to engage 
in retail sales. 
In certain states, approval of the construction of new electricity generating facilities, including renewable 
energy facilities such as wind farms, is obtained from a state agency, with only limited additional ministerial 
approvals required from state and local governments. However, in many states the permit process for power 
plants (including wind farms) also remains subject to land-use and similar regulations of county and city 
governments. State-level authorisations may involve a more extensive approval process, possibly including 
an environmental impact evaluation, and are subject to opposition by interested parties or utilities. 
4. 
Renewable Energy Policies 
The marked growth in the U.S. renewable energy industry has been driven primarily by federal and state 
government policies designed to promote the growth of renewable energy, including wind and solar power. 
The primary U.S. federal renewable energy incentive programmes have been the PTC, ITC and MACRS, 
which allows the accelerated depreciation of certain major equipment components over a five-year period. 
The principal way in which many states have encouraged renewable generation development is through the 
implementation of RPS, under which a utility must demonstrate that a certain percentage of its energy 
supplied to consumers within the applicable state comes from renewable sources. Under many RPS, a utility 
may demonstrate its compliance through its ownership of RECs. RECs are generally tradable and 
considered separate commodities from the underlying power that is generated by the resource. A majority 
of states, the District of Columbia and three U.S. territories have implemented mandatory RPS 
requirements, and a number of other states and one U.S. territory have implemented voluntary, rather than 
mandatory, renewable energy goals. Additionally, some states and localities encourage the development of 
renewable resources through reduced property taxes, state tax exemptions and abatements, and state grants. 
Federal Tax Incentives 
In the United States, the federal government has supported renewable energy primarily through income tax 
incentives. Historically, the main tax incentives have been the federal PTC, ITC and the five-year 
depreciation for eligible assets under MACRS under the Internal Revenue Code of 1986. The PTC is a per 
kilowatt-hour tax credit for electricity that is generated by qualified energy resources including wind and 
sold by the taxpayer to an unrelated person during the taxable year. In 2009, the American Recovery and 
Reinvestment Act allowed renewable energy projects to elect, in lieu of the PTC, an ITC equal to 30 per 
cent. of the capital invested in the project. The PTC and ITC for wind projects are available for new projects 
that begin construction before 1 January 2022. The value of the PTC and ITC was reduced by 20 per cent. 
for projects that began construction in 2017 and was reduced by 40 per cent. for projects that began 
construction in 2018 and was reduced by 60 per cent. for projects that began construction in 2019 and is 
reduced by 40 per cent. for projects that begin construction in 2020 and 2021. 
Historically, the main federal tax incentives for solar projects have been an ITC equal to 30 per cent. of the 
capital invested in the project and the five-year depreciation for eligible assets under MACRS. The 30 per 
cent. ITC for solar projects is reduced to 26 per cent. for projects that begin construction in 2021 and 2022 
and is scheduled to be reduced to 22 per cent. for projects that begin construction in 2023, and to 10 per 
cent. for projects that begin construction after 31 December 2023. With respect to asset depreciation under 
MACRS, in February 2008, the Economic Stimulus Act of 2008 provided for a temporary 50 per cent. 
bonus depreciation with 5-year MACRS utilised to recover the remaining basis for eligible property, 
including wind and solar property, placed in service before 28 September 2017. In December 2017, The 
Tax Cuts and Jobs Act ("TCJA") expanded bonus depreciation to 100 per cent. for eligible property, 
including wind and solar property, acquired after 27 September 2017 and placed in service before 1 January 
2023. The value of bonus depreciation is scheduled to be reduced for property placed in service in 2023 to 
80 per cent., in 2024 to 60 per cent., in 2025 to 40 per cent., and in 2026 to 20 per cent., after which the 
bonus depreciation expires. As of the date of this Base Prospectus, there can be no assurance that the bonus 
depreciation will be extended beyond its current expiration. The TCJA also added a requirement that limits 
the amount of business interest expense that is deductible to the sum of business interest income plus 30 
per cent. of the business operating results plus provisions and amortisations and impairments for taxable 
years beginning before 1 January 2022 and operating results for taxable years beginning on or after that 
date.

--- Page 190 ---
- 188 - 
 
 
EDP's ability to take advantage of the benefits of the PTC, ITC and depreciation incentives is based in part 
on the investment structures that EDP entered into with institutional investors in the United States (the 
Partnership Structures). Even assuming that the PTC, ITC and depreciation incentives continue to be 
available in the future, there can be no assurance that: (i) EDP will have sufficient taxable income in the 
United States to utilise the benefits generated by these tax incentives; or (ii) EDP will otherwise be able to 
realise the benefits of these incentives. In particular, there can be no assurance that EDP will be able to 
realise the benefits of these incentives through Partnership Structures entered into with investors who offer 
acceptable terms and pricing (or that there will be a sufficient number of such suitable investors). 
State Renewable Portfolio Standards 
In addition to U.S. federal tax incentives, at the state level, RPS provide support for EDP's business by 
specifying that a certain percentage of a utility's energy supplied to consumers within the state must come 
from renewable sources (typically between 15 per cent. and 25 per cent. by 2020 or 2025, although recently 
some states raised to 50 per cent. or more the target for procurement from renewable or carbon-free sources) 
and, in certain cases, make provision for various penalties for non-compliance. According to the Database 
of State Incentives for Renewables and Efficiency, as of September 2020, 30 U.S. states, the District of 
Columbia and three U.S. territories have mandatory RPS requirements, while an additional eight states and 
one US territory have adopted non-mandatory renewable energy goals. Within states, municipalities that 
have authority over electric utilities may also choose to adopt renewable energy incentives. For states with 
mandatory targets, most state RPS administrators require utilities to secure RECs to demonstrate 
compliance with the RPS requirement. Although additional states may consider the enactment of an RPS, 
there can be no assurance that they will decide to do so, or that the existing RPS will not be discontinued 
or adversely modified. 
5. 
Permitting and Environmental Compliance 
Construction and operation of wind and solar generation facilities and the generation and transport of 
renewable energy are subject to environmental regulation by U.S. federal, state and local authorities. 
Typically, environmental laws and regulations require a lengthy and complex process for obtaining 
licences, permits and approvals prior to construction, operation or modification of a project or generating 
facility. Prior to development, permitting authorities may require that wind project developers consider and 
address, among other things, impact on birds, bats and other biological resources, noise impact, 
paleontological and cultural impact, wetland and water quality impact, compatibility with existing land uses 
and impact on visual resources. In addition, projects which propose to impact federal land or require some 
federal licence or permit, or federal funding, generally require the review of the potential environmental 
effects of the action pursuant to the National Environmental Policy Act ("NEPA"), which requires that the 
public be afforded an opportunity to review and comment on the proposed project. Other federal 
environmental reviews that would be triggered by a discretionary federal agency action to license, permit 
or fund a project include a review of the project's effects on listed species and designated critical habitat 
under section 7 of the Endangered Species Act ("ESA") to ensure that the permitted project includes 
sufficient avoidance, minimisation and mitigation measures to avoid jeopardising the continued existence 
of a species and/or adversely modifying designated critical habitat.  
Depending on the species, the U.S. Fish and Wildlife Service ("USFWS") and the National Marine 
Fisheries Service ("NMFS") are charged with enforcement of federal environmental laws protecting 
endangered and threatened species, marine mammals, migratory birds, and bald and golden eagles as well 
as the habitat supporting such species. The ESA, Marine Mammal Protection Act ("MMPA"), Migratory 
Bird Treaty Act ("MBTA") and Bald and Golden Eagle Protection Act ("BGEPA") each prohibit the "take" 
of species protected by the particular statute. Generally, prohibited "take" of species includes activities that 
kill, injure, or capture a protected species and, for the ESA and MMPA, extend to certain activities that 
modify habitat or disrupt normal behavioural patterns. 
The USFWS has issued voluntary guidelines for land-based wind energy projects, which outline the 
USFWS regulatory requirements under the ESA, MBTA and BGEPA and provide project developers with 
guidance as to how to assess potential impacts and avoid or minimise significant adverse impacts of a 
project on species and habitats. While a project developer who adheres to the USFWS guidelines is not 
relieved of potential liability should a violation of any of these statutes arise, the USFWS may consider a 
developer's documented efforts to engage with the agency and follow the guidelines in the scoping of any 
enforcement action or penalty. Additionally, the USFWS also manages a permitting regime for take under 
BGEPA through which developers adopt conservation measures to avoid and/or minimise the "take" of

--- Page 191 ---
- 189 - 
 
 
eagles to the maximum extent possible. Under the permitting regime, the USFWS may issue an incidental 
take permit for a set duration, between five and thirty years, depending on the nature of the activities, impact 
on eagles, and mitigation measure taken by the recipient. Special requirements for avoidance, minimisation, 
or mitigation measures are required for permits with a duration of greater than five years. At present, there 
is no similar permitting or incidental take authorisation programme for the MBTA. 
The Bureau of Ocean Energy Management ("BOEM"), a federal agency within the DOI, oversees the 
production, transportation, or transmission of energy from renewable energy projects, including offshore 
wind projects, which are developed on the Outer Continental Shelf ("OCS"). BOEM has authorisation to 
issue leases, easements and rights of way to allow for renewable energy development on the OCS. BOEM 
is required to coordinate with relevant federal agencies and affected state and local governments with 
respect to leases and grants issued and ensure that renewable energy development takes place in a safe and 
environmentally responsible manner. In addition, developers of offshore wind projects must comply with 
the MMPA, which prohibits the "take" of marine mammals.  Under the MMPA, USFWS or NMFS can 
authorise the incidental harassment or incidental take of small numbers of marine mammals if there will be 
a negligible impact on the species.  These authorisations are for a set duration, one to five years depending 
on the severity and duration of the impact, and include mitigation, monitoring, and reporting measures. 
Other federal reviews, permits, or authorisations may be required where a renewable energy project 
involves or impacts federal lands, federally regulated natural resources, or other areas of federal authority. 
For example, wind farms with structures which exceed 200 feet in height must meet the lighting and safety 
regulations of the Federal Aviation Administration. Likewise, wind and solar projects must comply with 
permitting and mitigation requirements relating to impacts on wetlands, water quality, and wastewater 
discharge under the Clean Water Act, for project activities in or in proximity to waters of the United States. 
It is possible that wind farms may in the future be subject to further federal restrictions intended to minimise 
interferences with military radar systems. Further, the listing of new species and the designation of new or 
revised critical habitat protected under the ESA could adversely affect new project development and 
potentially involve new restrictions on existing project operations where there is retained federal 
discretionary authority associated with the project permit, license or funding. 
Various states have also implemented environmental laws and regulations that impact renewable energy 
projects. In addition to state permitting regimes for the protection of waterways and other natural resources, 
certain state environmental laws require the preparation of an environmental assessment or impact report 
similar to the federal review required under NEPA, while some states require a meeting be held to solicit 
comments from affected local landowners and local authorities. Some states have also adopted wind energy 
siting guidelines that may be similar to the USFWS guidelines, sometimes enforced through state 
environmental processes akin to NEPA review. 
The United States is one of the most attractive markets globally for renewable energy generation in terms 
of total installed wind capacity and continued growth. According to the American Clean Power Association 
("ACP"), the installed capacity of  onshore wind farms in the United States is 125GW, and now represents 
the third largest source of electricity generating capacity in the United States. Similarly, ACP reports that 
installed utility scale solar PV facilities generate 46 GW of electricity, which is enough to power 11 million 
homes. According to the U.S. Energy Information Administration, in 2020 wind energy provided 
approximately 8.4 per cent. and solar energy provided approximately 2.3 per cent. of the United States' 
electricity generation.

--- Page 192 ---
- 190 - 
 
 
MANAGEMENT OF EDP 
Corporate Governance Model 
EDP's shareholders approved its current corporate governance model at the annual general shareholders' 
meeting (when referring to EDP, the "AGSM") held on 30 March 2006, which entered into force on 30 
June 2006. The corporate governance model is structured as a two-tier system, composed of an executive 
board of directors (the "Executive Board of Directors") and a general and supervisory board (the "General 
and Supervisory Board"). The Executive Board of Directors is EDP's managing body and is responsible 
for its management and for developing and pursuing EDP's strategy. 
The Executive Board of Directors must be composed of at least five and no more than nine directors, all of 
whom undertake executive positions. Under the current mandate of 2021-2023, the Executive Board of 
Directors is composed of five directors who were elected at the extraordinary general shareholders' meeting 
held on 19 January 2021. The General and Supervisory Board is a supervisory and consulting body and is 
responsible for, among other things, supervising the EDP Group's activities and reviewing and approving 
important transactions involving the EDP Group. The General and Supervisory Board must be composed 
of at least nine members and must at all times have more members than the Executive Board of Directors. 
All members of the General and Supervisory Board undertake non-executive positions. EDP complies with 
the corporate governance provisions included in the Portuguese Companies Code and in the Portuguese 
Securities Code and, since 2018, EDP has adopted the Corporate Governance Code issued by the 
Portuguese Institute for Corporate Governance following the entry into force of the Protocol signed on 13 
October 2017 between the CMVM and the Portuguese Institute for Corporate Governance. EDP fully 
complies with the provisions included in the Corporate Governance Code issued and amended from time 
to time by the Portuguese Institute for Corporate Governance, with the exception of the following 
recommendation: 
Recommendation II.5 
The articles of association, which specify the limitation of the number of votes that can be held or exercised 
by a sole shareholder, individually or in coordination with other shareholders, should equally provide that, 
at least every 5 years, the amendment or maintenance of this rule will be subject to a shareholder resolution 
— without increased quorum in comparison to the legally established — and in that resolution, all votes 
cast will be counted without observation of the imposed limits. This recommendation has not been adopted 
on  the basis of the considerations below. 
Considering the current shareholder structure of EDP, this recommendation does not have any practical 
applicability. However, over the past few years, the subject of statutory limitation on voting rights has 
already been discussed by the general shareholders' meeting of EDP on three occasions, the last of which 
occurred on 24 April 2019. 
The shareholders have thus been called on to decide on limiting the number of votes. The continued 
existence of the limitation has prevailed, and the reflection on the adjustment of the relevant ceiling for 
counting voting rights has been precisely to progressively increase this level. 
The shareholding dynamics of EDP has thus proven to be perfectly in tune with the sense advocated in this 
recommendation, and to be sufficiently appropriate for pursuing its goals, avoiding rigid formulas for this 
review set down in the articles of association, which has also fostered a particularly intense scrutiny of this 
clause by shareholders, and does not constitute an impediment to adequate functioning of the market for 
corporate control. 
These circumstances confirm that the voting cap does not prevent the relevant shareholders' involvement 
in EDP's corporate governance, again bearing in mind that three resolutions of the general shareholders' 
meeting have been adopted, from 2011 to 2019, regarding this statutory limitation. 
In effect, the voting limitation set forth in article 14 of the articles of association reflects the express wish 
of EDP's shareholders through the general meeting resolutions, in the defense of EDP's specific interests: 
(i) the increase of the limit from 5 per cent. to 20 per cent. was approved by the shareholders at the general 
meeting of 25 August 2011, involving the participation of 72.25 per cent. of the share capital and the 
approval of a majority of 94.16 per cent. of the votes cast; (ii) a subsequent increase to the current 25 per 
cent. cap was approved at the general meeting of 20 February 2012, involving the participation of 71.51

--- Page 193 ---
- 191 - 
 
 
per cent. of the share capital and the approval by a majority of 89.65 per cent. of votes cast and (iii) the 
removal of the voting cap set out in the articles of association was rejected by a majority of 56.61 per cent. 
of votes cast, with the participation of 64.29 per cent. of the share capital. 
Executive Board of Directors 
The Executive Board of Directors, together with EDP's executive officers, manages EDP's affairs and 
monitors the daily operation of EDP's activities in accordance with Portuguese law and EDP's articles of 
association. Executive officers are in charge of EDP's various administrative departments and report 
directly to the Executive Board of Directors. Companies within the Group are managed by their respective 
boards of directors. The names of the current directors on the Executive Board of Directors, along with 
their principal affiliations and certain other biographical information, are set forth below. Current external 
appointments as at the date of this Base Prospectus are: 
Name 
Year of 
Birth 
Position 
Year 
Originally 
Elected 
Last 
Election 
Chief Executive Officer 
 
 
 
 
Miguel Stilwell de Andrade .........................................  
1976 
Chairman  
2012 
2021 
Members 
 
 
 
 
Miguel Nuno Simões Nunes Ferreira Setas .................  
1970 
Executive Director 
2015 
2021 
Rui Manuel Rodrigues Lopes Teixeira ........................  
1972 
Executive Director 
2015 
2021 
Vera de Morais Pinto Pereira Carneiro ........................  
1974 
Executive Director 
2018 
2021 
Ana Paula Garrido de Pina Marques ...........................  
1973 
Executive Director 
2021 
- 
 
Full Name 
Miguel Stilwell de Andrade 
Position 
Executive Board of Directors Member elected in February 2012, 
(reappointed in April 2015, April 2018 and January 2021). Interim chairman 
of the Executive Board of Directors since 6 July 2020 (appointed by the 
General and Supervisory Board and the Executive Board of Directors) and 
chairman of the Executive Board of Directors since January 2021. 
Skills and Experience 
Degree in Mechanic Engineering – Strathclyde University (1998) | MBA - 
MIT Sloan (2003) | Mergers and Acquisitions – UBS Investment Bank (UK) 
(1998-2000) | Strategy and Corporate Development Area – EDP (2000-
2005) | Strategy and Corporate Development Director – EDP (2005-2009) | 
Board of Directors Member – EDP-Redes and Board Member of other 
companies within the Group (2009-2012) | CEO – EDP Comercial (2012-
2018) | CEO - EDP España (2012-2018) | Vice-Chairman and CEO - EDP 
Renováveis (2021) 
Current External 
Appointments 
ISEG MBA (Member of the Strategic Counsel) | Member of the General 
Board – AEM – Association of Listed Companies (2021) 
Full Name 
Miguel Nuno Simões Nunes Ferreira Setas 
Position 
Executive Board of Directors Member elected in April 2015 (reappointed 
in April 2018 and January 2021)  
Skills and Experience 
Degree in Physics Engineering – Higher Technical Institute (1993) | Masters 
in Electronic and Computing Engineering – Higher Technical Institute 
(1995) | MBA – Nova University of Lisbon (1996) | Consultant – McKinsey 
& Company (1995-1998) | Corporate Director - GDP - Gás de Portugal 
(1998-2000) | Board Member - Setgás (1999-2001) | Executive Board 
Member – Lisboagás (2000-2001) | Strategic Marketing Director – Galp 
Energia (2001-2004) | Board Member – Comboios de Portugal (2004-2006) 
| Chief of Staff of the Chairman of the Executive Board of Directors 
Chairman – EDP (2006-2007) | Board Member – EDP Comercial (07-08) | 
Board Member - EDP Inovação (2007-2008 / 2012-2014) | Vice-Chairman–

--- Page 194 ---
- 192 - 
 
 
EDP Brasil (2008-2013) | Vice-Chairman – EDP Brasil (2008-2013) | CEO 
– EDP Brasil (2013-2021) | Chairman of the Board of Directors – EDP 
Brasil (2021) | Board Member - EDP Renováveis (2021) 
Current External 
Appointments 
Vice-Chairman of the Board – BCSD Portugal (2021) 
Full Name 
Rui Manuel Rodrigues Lopes Teixeira 
Position 
Executive Board of Directors Member elected in April 2015 (reappointed 
in April 2018 and January 2021) 
Skills and Experience 
Degree in in Naval Engineering - Higher Technical Institute (1995) | MBA 
– Nova University of Lisbon (2001) | Advanced Management Programme - 
Harvard Business School (2013) | Assistant Director of the Naval 
Commercial Department - Gellweiler (1996-1997) | Project manager - Det 
Norske Veritas (1997-2001) | Consultant - McKinsey & Company (2001-
2004) | Corporate Control and Planning Director – EDP (2004-2007) | CFO 
– EDP Renováveis (2019) 
Current External 
Appointments 
Board Member - OMIP SGPS, S.A. and OMEL (2021) 
 
 
 
 
Full Name 
Vera de Morais Pinto Pereira Carneiro 
Position 
Executive Board of Directors Member elected in April 2018 (and 
reappointed in January 2021) 
Skills and Experience 
Economics Degree – Nova University of Lisbon (1996) | Post-graduation in 
Economics – Nova University of Lisbon (1998) | MBA – INSEAD, 
Fontainebleau (2000) | Associate – Mercer (1996-1999) | Founder – 
Innovagency Consulting (2001-2003) | Television Service Director – TV 
Cabo – PT Multimédia (2003-2007) | Television Service Director – MEO 
(2007-2014) | Executive Vice-Chairman and General Director (Portugal and 
Spain) - Fox Networks Group (2014-2018) | Commercial Consejera – EDP 
España (2021) | Chairman – Fundação EDP (2021) | Board Member - EDP 
Renováveis (2019) | Board Member - EDP Brasil (2019) 
Current External 
Appointments 
Board Member - Portuguese Institute of Corporate Governance (2019) | 
Board Member – Charge up Europe (2020) | Chairman - Portuguese-
Chinese Chamber of Commerce and Industry (2021) 
 
 
Full Name 
Ana Paula Garrido de Pina Marques 
Position 
Executive Board of Directors Member elected in January 2021 
Skills and Experience 
Economics Degree – Faculdade de Economia do Porto (1996) | MBA – 
INSEAD, France and Singapore (2002) | Executive Education Programs at 
IMD in Lausanne and Harvard Business School (2008, 2009) | Marketing at 
Procter & Gamble (1996-1998) | SMEs Business Unit at Optimus (1998) | 
Marketing Director of the Mobile Residential Business Unit at Optimus 
(2003-2007) | Brand and Communication Director at Optimus (2005-2007) 
| Marketing and Sales Director of the Mobile Residential Business Unit at 
Optimus (2008-2009) | Executive Board Member of Optimus (2010-2013) | 
President of APRITEL (Portuguese Association of Telecom Operators) 
(2011-2014) |Executive Board of Directors Member at NOS, SGPS, S.A.

--- Page 195 ---
- 193 - 
 
 
(2013-2020) | Vice-President at NOS, SGPS, S.A. (2019-2020) | Non-
Executive Board Member of SportTV (2016-2021) | Board Member - EDP 
Renováveis (2021) | Board Member - EDP Brasil (2021) 
Current External 
Appointments 
Chairman of the Governing Board – ELCPOR (2021) | Member of the 
General Board – COTEC Portugal (2021) 
General and Supervisory Board 
In accordance with the applicable law and EDP's articles of association, the General and Supervisory Board 
has created specialised committees for dealing with matters of particular importance, which are composed 
exclusively of Members of the Board itself with appropriate qualifications, experience and availability. 
Their main mission is to carry out the continuous monitoring of the matters entrusted, in order to facilitate 
the analysis and main decision-making processes of the General and Supervisory Board. 
The General and Supervisory Board holds four specialised committees: 
 
the Financial Matters Committee / Audit Committee; 
 
the Remuneration Committee; 
 
the Corporate Governance and Sustainability Committee; and 
 
the United States of America Business Affairs Monitoring Committee ("USA Business Affairs 
Monitoring Committee"). 
In the case of the Financial Matters Committee / Audit Committee and the Remuneration Committee, they 
were set up in response to legal and statutory requirements. The Corporate Governance and Sustainability 
Committee and the USA Business Affairs Monitoring Committee were created at the initiative of the 
General and Supervisory Board. 
Name 
Year of 
Birth 
Position 
Year Originally 
Elected 
Last 
Election 
João Luís Ramalho Carvalho Talone ...........................  
1951 
Chairman 
(Independent) 
2021 
- 
China Three Gorges Corporation (represented by 
Dingming Zhang) .........................................................  
1963 
(Non-
Independent) 
2012  
2021 
China Three Gorges International Limited (represented by 
Shengliang Wu) ...........................................................  
1971 
Member 
(Non-
Independent) 
2021 
- 
China Three Gorges (Europe), S.A. (represented by 
Ignacio Herrero Ruiz) ..................................................  
1974 
Member 
(Non-
Independent) 
2012 
2021 
China Three Gorges Brasil Energia Ltda (represented by 
Li Li) ............................................................................  
1963 
Member 
(Non-
Independent) 
2018 (originally 
represented by 
Yinsheng Li) 
2021 
China Three Gorges (Portugal), Sociedade Unipessoal, 
Lda. (represented by Miguel Espregueira Mendes Pereira 
Leite) ............................................................................  
1963 
Member 
(Non-
Independent) 
2015 (originally 
represented by 
Eduardo de Almeida 
Catroga) 
2021 
DRAURSA, S.A. (represented by Felipe Fernández 
Fernández) ....................................................................  
1952 
Member 
(Non-
Independent) 
2015 
2021 
Fernando María Masaveu Herrero ...............................  
1966 
Member 
(Non-
Independent) 
2012 
2021 
João Carvalho das Neves .............................................  
1956 
Member 
(Independent) 
2015 
2021 
María del Carmen Fernández Rozado .........................  
1952 
Member 
(Independent) 
2015 
2021 
Laurie Lee Fitch ...........................................................  
1970 
Member 
(Independent) 
2018 
2021 
Esmeralda da Silva Santos Dourado ............................  
1953 
Member 
(Independent) 
2021 
-

--- Page 196 ---
- 194 - 
 
 
Helena Sofia Silva Borges Salgado Fonseca Cerveira 
Pinto .............................................................................  
1970 
Member 
(Independent) 
2021 
- 
Sandrine Dixson-Declève ............................................  
1966 
Member 
(Independent) 
2021 
- 
Zili Shao .......................................................................  
1959 
Member  
(Independent) 
2021 
- 
Luís Maria Viana Palha da Silva .................................  
1956 
Member  
(Independent) 
2019 
2021 
 
Full name 
João Luís Ramalho Carvalho Talone 
Status 
Independent 
Position 
General and Supervisory Board Chairman  
Committees 
Corporate Governance and Sustainability Committee Chairman | USA 
Business Affairs Monitoring Committee Chairman. 
Skills and Experience 
Assistant Professor of "Operational Research" and "Statistics" – IST 
(1972-1975) | Invited Auxiliar Professor of "International Finance" – 
Nova SBE (1985-1987) | Degree in Advanced Management Program - 
Harvard Business School (2002) |Master of Science degree in Civil 
Engineering - Technical University of Lisbon | Certificate in Corporate 
Governance - INSEAD (2018) | Executive Program - Singularity 
University in Silicon Valley (2020) | Executive Board Member – BCP 
(1987-2001) | Chairman - Foreign & Colonial in London | Special 
Commissioner for the Portuguese Government - IPE (2002-2003) | 
CEO – EDP – Energias de Portugal, S.A. (2003-2006) | Vice-Chairman 
– HidroCantábrico (2005) | Co-founder – Hyperion (2006) | Co-founder 
- Magnum Capital | Chairman – IBERWIND (2008-2015) | Member - 
Corporate Finance Standing Committee – ESMA (2010-2013) | Advisory 
Board member - Banco de Portugal (2018-2020) | MBA - Nova 
SBE/Wharton (currently) 
EDP Historic 
Appointments 
General and Supervisory Board Chairman (since April 2021) 
Current External 
Appointments 
Non-executive Board Member – ITA CARE | Non-executive Board 
Member – Lacer | Non-executive Board Member – Miranza | Non-
executive Board Member – ROQ | Member - Engineers Academy  
 
 
Full name 
Dingming Zhang (representing China Three Gorges Corporation) 
Status 
Non-independent 
Position 
General and Supervisory Board Member 
Committees 
- 
Skills and Experience 
Bachelor's degree in Power System and Automation - Huazhong 
University of Science and Technology (1984) | Master's degree in 
Management - Huazhong University of Science and Technology (2001) | 
Deputy Director of Power Production Department - China Three Gorges 
Corporation (2002) | Executive Vice President - China Yangtze Power 
Company (2002-2011) | Director - Guangzhou Development Industry  
EDP Historic 
Appointments 
General and Supervisory Board Vice Chairman, in representation of 
China Three Gorges (February 2012 – April 2015) | General and 
Supervisory Board Member, in representation of CWEI (Europe), S.A. 
(April 2015 - April 2018) | General and Supervisory Board Member, in

--- Page 197 ---
- 195 - 
 
 
representation of China Three Gorges International Corporation (April 
2018 - December 2018) | General and Supervisory Board Vice Chairman, 
in representation of China Three Gorges Corporation (December 2018 – 
April 2021)  
Current External 
Appointments 
President - Beijing Yangtze Power Capital (since 2015) | Vice-President 
- China Three Gorges Corporation (since 2018) 
 
 
Full name 
Shengliang Wu (representing China Three Gorges International 
Corporation) 
Status 
Non-independent 
Position 
General and Supervisory Board Member 
Committees 
- 
Skills and Experience 
Bachelor's degree in Engineering –Wuhuan University (1992) | Master's 
degree in Technical Economics and Management – Chongqing 
University (2000) | Secretary of Corporate Affairs Department - 
Gezhouba Hydropower Plant (1998-2000) | Deputy Director of the Board 
- China Yangtze Power Company (2002-2003) | Director of Capital 
Operating Department - China Yangtze Power Company (2004-2006) | 
Executive Vice-President - Beijing Yangtze Power Capital (2006-2011) 
| Executive Vice President of Beijing Yangtze Power Capital Co. Ltd 
(2008-2011) | Deputy Director of Strategic Planning Department – China 
Three Gorges Corporation (2011-2015) | Executive Vice-President - 
China Three Gorges International Corporation (2015-date) | Chairman - 
China Three Gorges (Europe), S.A. (2015-2020) 
EDP Historic 
Appointments 
General and Supervisory Board Member, in representation of China 
Three Gorges International (Europe), S.A. (February 2012 – April de 
2015) | General and Supervisory Board Member, in representation of 
China Three Gorges (Portugal), Sociedade Unipessoal, Lda. (April 2015 
- April 2018) | General and Supervisory Board Member, in representation 
of China Three Gorges (Europe), S.A (April 2018 - December 2018) 
Current External 
Appointments 
Chairman - China Three Gorges International Limited (since 2015) 
 
 
Full name 
Ignacio Herrero Ruiz (representing China Three Gorges (Europe) 
S.A.) 
Status 
Non-independent 
Position 
General and Supervisory Board Member 
Committees 
Corporate Governance and Sustainability Committee Member 
Skills and Experience 
Degree in Economics - Carlos III University (Madrid) (1997) | Credit 
Risk Management Department - Citigroup (1997-1998) | Mergers and 
Acquisitions Department - Deutsche Bank (1998- 2007) | Mergers and 
Acquisitions Department - Credit Suisse (2007-2016) 
EDP Historic 
Appointments 
General and Supervisory Board Member, in representation of China 
Three Gorges (Europe), S.A., since December 2018

--- Page 198 ---
- 196 - 
 
 
Current External 
Appointments 
Chief Executive Officer at China Three Gorges Corporation (Europe), 
S.A. (since 2021, formerly Senior Executive Vice President since 2016) 
 
 
Full name 
Li Li (representing China Three Gorges Brasil Energia Ltda.) 
Status 
Non-independent 
Position 
General and Supervisory Board Member 
Committees 
Corporate Governance and Sustainability Committee Member. 
Skills and Experience 
Bachelor's degree in International Business with a major in Hydropower 
Engineering | First-class Constructor in China | Assistant Engineer at 
Planning Department – CWE (1984-1985) | Assistant Engineer/Engineer 
– CWE Tunisian Branch (1985-1989) | Engineer at Hydropower 
Department – CWE (1989-1993) | Engineer – CWE Romanian Branch 
(1994-1995) | Senior Engineer at Hydropower Department – CWE (1995-
1999) | Project Manager (the Odaw Drainage Channel) – CWE (1999-
2000) | Deputy General Manager - CWE (2000-2001) | Project Manager 
(the Water Mains)– CWE (2001-2003) | Deputy/General Manager at 
International Business Department – CWE (2003-2011) | Vice-Chairman 
– CWE (2011-2015); Chairman – CWE (2015-2017) | Executive Director 
– CWE (2017-2019). 
EDP Historic 
Appointments 
General and Supervisory Board Member, in representation of China 
Three Gorges Brasil Energia Ltda., since December 2019 (re-elected in 
April 2021) 
Current External 
Appointments 
Deputy Chief Economist – China Three Gorges (since 2019)  
 
 
Full name 
Miguel Espregueira Mendes Pereira Leite (representing China 
Three Gorges (Portugal), Sociedade Unipessoal, Lda.) 
Status 
Non-independent 
Position 
General and Supervisory Board Member 
Committees 
Remuneration Committee Chairman 
Skills and Experience 
Degree in Law - Portuguese Catholic University (1987) | Management 
Course – Executive Program - PBS – Porto Business School (1996) | 
Founder - Atlantic SGOIC, S.A. (2005) | Chairman and CEO - Morgan 
Stanley – Portugal SGFIM SA (2001-2003) | Head of Morgan Stanley´s 
local operation in Portugal (1999 -2003)| Manager - Morgan Stanley – 
Portugal (Holding) (2001-2003) | Management Committee - Morgan 
Stanley SV SA (Spain) (2000-2003) | Executive Director at Morgan 
Stanley International (2001-2003) | Board Member - Banco Chemical 
Finance (1998-1999) | Member of the Executive Committee - Banco 
Chemical Finance (1998-1999) | Managing Director - private banking 
division of Banco Pinto & Sotto Mayor (1996-1999) | Managing Director 
private banking division of Banco Totta & Açores (now Bank Santander 
Portugal) (1998-1999 | Chairman of the Board - M.C. Geste - Asset 
Management Company (now Santander Gest SGP) (1997-1999) | Private 
banking director - Millennium BCP (1987-1996)

--- Page 199 ---
- 197 - 
 
 
EDP Historic 
Appointments 
General and Supervisory Board Member, in representation of China 
Three Gorges (Portugal), Sociedade Unipessoal, Lda., since April 2021 
Current External 
Appointments 
Chairman and CEO - Atlantic SGOIC, S.A. (since 2005) | Board Member 
- Liminorke S.A. (since 2009) | Chairman – Oporto Municipal Assembly 
(since 2014) 
 
 
Full name 
Felipe Fernández Fernández (representing DRAURSA, S.A.) 
Status 
Non-independent 
Position 
General and Supervisory Board Member 
Committees 
Remuneration Committee Member | USA Business Affairs Monitoring 
Committee Member 
Skills and Experience 
Degree in Administrative and Economic Sciences – Bilbao University 
(1975) | Professor of Business and Economic Faculty – Oviedo 
University (1984-1990) | Director of Economics and Regional Planning - 
Principality of Asturias (1984-1990) | Counsellor of Organisation of the 
Territory and Housing – Principality of Asturias (1990-1991) | 
Counsellor of countryside and fishing - Principality of Asturias (1991-
1993) | Manager on several companies on in numerous fields  
EDP Historic 
Appointments 
General and Supervisory Board Member in representation of Cajastur 
Inversiones S.A., (February 2012 - April 2015) | General and Supervisory 
Board Member, in representation of DRAURSA, S.A., since April 2018 
(re-elected in April 2021)  
Current External 
Appointments 
Board of Director Member – Liberbank (since 2011) | Chairman of Board 
of Directors - Lico Leasing (since 2017) | Executive Commission 
Member - Lico Leasing (since 2018) | Board of Director Member 
- Tudela Veguín (since 2011) | Masaveu Inmobiliaria (2014) | Cimento 
Verde do Brasil (since 2014) | Board of Directors Member – Molecular 
Oncology Medicine Institute of Asturias (since 2014) 
 
 
Full name 
Fernando María Masaveu Herrero 
Status 
Non-independent 
Position 
General and Supervisory Board Member 
Committees 
Corporate Governance and Sustainability Committee Member 
Skills and Experience 
Law Degree – Navarra University (1992) | Chairman on several 
companies of Masaveu Group in numerous fields such as energy, finance, 
transport, environment and real state, among others. 
EDP Historic 
Appointments 
General and Supervisory Board Member, since February 2012 (re-elected 
in April 2015,April 2018 and April 2021) 
Current External 
Appointments 
Chairman - Masaveu Corporation | Chairman - Cementos Tudela Veguín 
| Chairman of the Board – Oppidum Capital | Chairman of the American 
companies - Masaveu Real Estate US Delaware LLC, Oppidum 
Renewables USA Inc. and Oppidum Green Energy USA LLC | Board 
Member – American Cement Advisors Inc. | Board Member – EGEO 
Internacional and EGEO, SGPS | Board Member – EDP España | Joint 
Manager – Flicka Forestal | Board Member - Bankinter | Executive

--- Page 200 ---
- 198 - 
 
 
Committee Member - Bankinter | Remuneration Committee Member – 
Bankinter Board Member - Línea Directa Aseguradora | Chairman - 
Maria Cristina Masaveu Peterson Foundation | Chairman - San Ignacio 
de Loyola Foundation | Trustee – Princess Asturias Foundation | Delegate 
Committee Member – Princess of Asturias Foundation | Assets 
Committee Member – Princess of Asturias – Foundation | Member of the 
International Council – MET, New York | International Trustee – Friends 
of the Prado Museum Association 
 
 
Full name 
João Carvalho das Neves 
Status 
Independent 
Position 
General and Supervisory Board Member 
Committees 
Remuneration Committee Member | Financial Matters Committee/Audit 
Committee Chairman  
Skills and Experience 
Ph. D. in Business Administration - Manchester Business School 
Manchester University (1992) | Master in Management/MBA – ISEG – 
Institute of Economics and Management (1985) | Bachelor in Business 
Administration – ISEG Institute of Economics and Management - Lisbon 
University (1981) | Professional designations: Certified accountant 
(1981) | Statutory Auditor (1995) | FRICS - Fellow of Royal Institution 
of Chartered Surveyors (2008) | Recognised European Valuer (2018) and 
Recognised Business Valuer (2021) by TEGoVA | Certified Teacher of 
MBSR by the University of California San Diego Center for Mindfulness 
Professional Training Institute (2016) | Experience: Member of the Board 
- ERES European Real Estate Society (2019-2021) | President of Central 
Administration of the Portuguese Health System (2011-2014) | Chairman 
of the Management Department – ISEG (2010-2011) | Board Member - 
BPN (2008) | CEO and CFO - SLN (2008-2009| Chairman of the 
Management Department - ISEG (2007-2008) | Partner and Statutory 
Auditor - Neves, Azevedo Rodrigues e Batalha, SROC (1995-2008) | 
Judicial Manager of Torralta (1993-1998); Casino Hotel de Tróia (1994-
1995); TVI (1997-1998) | Associate Consultant - Coopers & Lybrand 
(1992-1993) | General Manager - CIFAG/IPE (1987-2002) | Trainer and 
General Director - CIFAG/IPE (1985-1992) | Executive Deputy 
Controller - Cometna SA (1981-1985) | Executive training: Finance and 
Control - IMD (1986) | Management Control - HEC Paris (1987) | 
International Finance - INSEAD (1987) | Leadership - Kennedy Harvard 
Government School (2009) | Leadership Development Programme - 
Creative Leadership Center (2010) | Coaching for Performance - London 
Business School (2010) | Diploma in Advanced Mindfulness and 
Emotional Intelligence Teachers Training (2017) - Search Inside 
Yourself – Leadership Institute (SIYLI) in San Francisco. 
EDP Historic 
Appointments 
Independent General and Supervisory Board Member since April 2015 
(re-elected in April 2018 and April 2021). 
Current External 
Appointments 
Professor - Management Department - ISEG (since 1992) | Director of 
the Post-graduation in Management and Real Estate Valuation (since 
2000) and Director of the Post-graduation of Management of Healthcare 
Institutions (since 2020) - ISEG | Member of the School Board - ISEG 
Lisbon University (since 2014) and Vice-President (since 2021) | 
Management Consultant through the company Zenaction Business 
Consulting (since 2014) | Independent non-executive board member - 
Montepio - Valor SGOIC (since 2017) | Member of Valuation 
Professional Group - RICS Portugal (since 2020) | Member of the

--- Page 201 ---
- 199 - 
 
 
European Business Valuation Standards Board - TEGoVA (since 2020) | 
Mentor of Mindfulness Center of the University of California at San 
Diego 
 
 
Full name 
María del Carmen Fernández Rozado 
Status 
Independent 
Position 
General and Supervisory Board Member 
Committees 
Financial Matters Committee/Audit Committee Member | Corporate 
Governance and Sustainability Committee Member 
Skills and Experience 
Degree in Economics and Business Administration and Political Sciences 
and Sociology - Complutense University of Madrid (1978) | State Tax 
Inspector (1984) | Account Auditor (1988) | Chief-Inspector in Spanish 
Ministry of Economy and Finance (1985-1986) | Deputy Head of the 
State Tax Inspection Office (1987- 1996) | Head of the State Tax 
Inspection Office (1996-1999) | PhD in Public Finance - Complutense 
University of Madrid (1998) | President of the Task Force for Renewable 
Energies, Sustainability and Carbon Markets - ARIAE (1999-2011) | 
PADE Management Program MBA - IESE Business School (2004-2005) 
| Member of the Advisory Board - Ernst & Young (2012-2013) 
EDP Historic 
Appointments 
Independent General and Supervisory Board Member since April 2015 
(re-elected in April 2018 and April 2021) 
Current External 
Appointments 
Member of Audit Committee – ACS Group (since 2017) | Member of the 
executive committee – ACS group (since 2020) | Member of the Advisory 
Board - Beragua Capital (since 2015) | Member of the board – Primafrio 
SL. (since 2021) | Chairman of Audit committee – Primafrio SL (since 
2021) 
 
 
Full name 
Laurie Lee Fitch 
Status 
Independent 
Position 
General and Supervisory Board Member 
Committees 
Corporate Governance and Sustainability Committee Member | USA 
Business Affairs Monitoring Committee Member 
Skills and Experience  
B.A. in Arabic - American University (1991) | M.A. - Georgetown 
University's School of Foreign Service (1994) | Assistant Vice-President 
- Bank of New York (1994-2000) | Associate - Schroders plc (1999-1900) 
| Associate - UBS Warburg (2000-2002) | Managing Director and 
Director of International Equity Research - TIAA-CREF (2002-2006) | 
Analyst and Portfolio Manager - Artisan Partners (2006-2011) | 
Managing Director and Co-Head, Global Industrial Group, Investment 
Division - Morgan Stanley as Head of the Global Industrials Group in 
Europe (2012-2016) | Partner at PJT Partners (since 2016) Chairman of 
the Remuneration Committee and member of the safety and risk 
Committee - Enquest PLC (2018-2021). 
EDP Historic 
Appointments 
General and Supervisory Board Member since April 2018 (re-elected in 
April 2021)

--- Page 202 ---
- 200 - 
 
 
Current External 
Appointments 
Co-opted member of both Audit and Finance & Operations 
sub-committees - Tate Board of Trustees (since 2015) | Trustee of The 
American University in Cairo (since 2019) | Chair of the University’s 
Center for Contemporary Arab Studies 
 
 
Full name 
Esmeralda da Silva Santos Dourado 
Status 
Independent 
Position 
General and Supervisory Board Member 
Committees 
Remuneration Committee Member | USA Business Affairs Monitoring 
Committee Member 
Skills and Experience 
Degree in Chemical Industry Engineering – Instituto Superior Técnico 
(1975) | Advanced Corporate Finance - Harvard University (1985) | 
Responsible for Industrial area and New Business Development (1978) | 
Vice-President and Chief Corporate Banking Head - Citibank (1985 – 
1990) | Board Member Banco Fonsecas & Burnay | Board Member - 
União de Bancos Portugueses | Boards Member - lnterbanco (currently 
Banco Santander Consumer Portugal) | CEO - SAG SGPS SA Portugal 
(2000-2009) | Chairwoman - SAG SGPS SA Brazil (2000-2009) | 
PARTAC SGPS SA – Chairwoman (2012-2018) | Non-Executive Board 
Member and Member of the Investment Committee - BCP Capital SA 
(2013-2020) | Chairwoman - PNCB - Bank Credit Restructuring 
Platform, A.C.E. (2018-2020) | CEO - FAE - Forum de Administradores 
e Gestores de Empresas (2007-2013) | Member of Executive Committee 
- EMCE - Mission Structure for Company Capitalization (2015-2017) | 
President of Supervisory Board - Fundação Luso-Brasileira (2005) | 
Member of General Council - IPCG - Instituto Português de Corporate 
Governance (2010) | CEO - AMC - Associação Missão Crescimento 
(2013-2015) | Member of the General Council - Universidade de Coimbra  
(2017-2020). 
EDP Historic 
Appointments 
General and Supervisory Board Member since April 2021 
Current External 
Appointments  
Non-Executive Board Member and Audit Committee Chairwoman – 
TAP SGPS SA (2017) | Supervisory Member Board - Mystic Invest 
Holding SA (2018) 
 
 
Full name 
Helena Sofia Silva Borges Salgado Fonseca Cerveira Pinto 
Status 
Independent 
Position 
General and Supervisory Board Member 
Committees 
Financial Matters Committee/Audit Committee Member | USA Business 
Affairs Monitoring Committee Member 
Skills and Experience 
PhD in Business Studies - Warwick University (UK) | MSc and BSc in 
Management - Universidade Católica Portuguesa | High Potentials 
Leadership Program Certificate - Harvard (2012) | International Directors 
Programme – INSEAD (2019) | Professor - Católica Porto Business 
School (2013 – 2020) | Hospitality and Entertainment Industry | Author 
of a book, book chapters, articles and opinion articles.

--- Page 203 ---
- 201 - 
 
 
EDP Historic 
Appointments 
General and Supervisory Board Member since April 2021 
Current External 
Appointments 
Independent Board Member - Mota-Engil SGPS (since April 2018) | 
President of the Fiscal Board - Media Capital, SA (since November 2020) 
| Member of the EQUIS Board - EFMD (since 2019) | Member of the 
International Advisory Board of 2 international Business Schools in UK 
(since 2019) and France (since 2020) | Member - Porto Coordination 
Group of ACEGE (Association of Christian Managers) (since 2013) | 
Member - Diocesan Commission for the Interreligious Dialogue (since 
2020) 
 
 
Full name 
Sandrine Dixson-Declève 
Status 
Independent 
Position 
General and Supervisory Board Member 
Committees 
Corporate Governance and Sustainability Committee Member  
Skills and Experience 
Co-founder - Women Enablers Change Agent Network (since 2017) | 
Chief Partnership Officer - UN Agency Sustainable Energy for All 
(2016-2017) | Director - Prince of Wales's Corporate Leaders Group 
(2009-2016) | EU office - Cambridge Institute for Sustainability 
Leadership (2009-2016) | Executive Director - Green Growth Platform 
(2013-2016) | Advising - HRH The Prince of Wales (2009-2016) | 
Advising - Members of the European Parliament, European Commission 
Presidents, Commissioners and officials, Governments in Asia, Africa 
and the Middle East, international organizations (OPEC, ADB, OECD, 
UNEP, USAID, UNFCCC, IEA) and business leaders of large 
international, European and African companies (1990-ongoing) | Vice 
Chair - European Biofuels Technology Platform (2008-2016) | Board 
member - We Mean Business (2014-2016) | Member – The Guardian's 
Sustainable Business Advisory Board (2014-2016) | Member of 
Sustainability Advisory Board - Oil and Gas major Sasol (2007-2010) | 
Published articles, book chapters and given presentations on green 
growth and competitiveness, innovation, low carbon energy solutions, 
climate change, sustainable development, transport, conventional and 
alternative fuel quality legislation as well as on trade & environment 
(1990-ongoing) 
EDP Historic 
Appointments 
General and Supervisory Board Member since April 2021 
Current External 
Appointments  
Co-President – The Club of Rome (2018-ongoing) | Chair and Expert 
Group on Economic and Societal Impact of Research & Innovation – 
European Commission (2020-ongoing) | Assembly Member - Climate 
Mitigation & Adaptation Mission (2019-2020) | TEG Sustainable 
Finance Taxonomy and Sustainable Finance Platform (2018-2021) | Food 
Summit Action Track 5 Resilience - United Nations (2020-2021) | Senior 
Associate and faculty Member - Cambridge Institute for Sustainability 
Leadership (2016-ongoing) | Senior Associate - E3G (2017-ongoing) | 
Ambassador - Energy Transition Commission (2018-ongoing) and 
WEALL (2020-ongoing). Advisory Boards: ClimateKIC (2018-
ongoing), BMW (2020-ongoing), UCB (2020-ongoing), UCL Bartlett 
School (2020-ongoing), IEEP (2020-ongoing)

--- Page 204 ---
- 202 - 
 
 
Full name 
Zili Shao 
Status 
Independent 
Position 
General and Supervisory Board Member 
Committees 
Remuneration Committee Member 
Skills and Experience 
Bachelor of Laws - China University of Political Science and Law (1980–
1984) | LLM - University of Melbourne (1988–1991) | Citic Group, 
Beijing (1984-1986) | Solicitor - Mallesons Stephen Jaques, Melbourne 
(1990–1994) | Partner - Allens Arthur Robinson, Sydney (1995-1998) | 
Partner - Linklaters LLP; Managing Partner of Asia Pacific; Member of 
Global Management Committee (1998 –2009) | Chairman & CEO - J.P. 
Morgan China (2010–2014) | Vice Chairman - J.P. Morgan Asia Pacific 
(2014–2015) | Co-Chairman and partner - King & Wood Mallesons, 
China (2015–2017) | Qualified lawyer - PRC, UK, HK and Australia. 
EDP Historic 
Appointments 
Independent General and Supervisory Board Member since April 2021 
Current External 
Appointments 
Independent Director - Bank of Montreal (China) Limited, subsidiary 
bank of BMO Financial Group (since December 2016) | Independent 
Director - Yum China Holdings, Inc., listed in New York and Hong Kong 
Stock Exchanges (since October 2016) | Founder and Chairman - 
MountVue Capital Management Co. Ltd (since 2017) | Senior Advisor - 
Fangda Partners, a leading PRC law firm (since June 2017) | Advisory 
Board Member - Ares SSG Capital Management (since April 2019) 
 
 
Full name 
Luís Maria Viana Palha da Silva 
Status 
Independent 
Position 
General and Supervisory Board Member 
Committees 
- 
Skills and Experience 
Degree in Economics - Higher Institute of Economics (1978) | Degree in 
Management – Portuguese Catholic University (1981) | CFO – Covina – 
Companhia Vidreira Nacional, S.A.R.L (1987-1991) | Member of the 
Board of Directors - IPE – Investimentos e Participações Empresariais, 
SGPS, S.A. (1991) | Secretary of State for Trade (1991-1995) | CFO – 
CIMPOR – Cimentos de Portugal, SGPS, S.A. (1997-2001) | CFO and 
CEO – Jerónimo Martins (2001-2011), Advanced Management Program 
– University of Pennsylvania (2005) | Vice-Chairman of the Board of 
Directors - Galp Energia, SGPS, S.A. (2012-2015) | Member of the Board 
of Directors - Oi, S.A. (2015-2018) | Chairman of the Board - AEM – 
Associação dos Emitentes Portuguese (2013-2014) | Non-executive 
Member of the Board of Directors - NYSE Euronext (2011-2016) | 
Member of the Audit Committee - NYSE Euronext (2013-2014) | 
Chairman - APETRO – Associação Portuguesa de Empresas Petrolíferas 
(2012-2015). 
EDP Historic 
Appointments 
General and Supervisory Board Member since April 2019 (re-apointed in 
April 2021) | Chairman of the Board of the General Shareholders' 
Meeting of EDP since April 2019 (re-apointed in April 2021). 
Current External 
Appointments  
Pharol, SGPS, S.A. - Chairman of the Board of Directors and CEO (since 
2015) | Bratel B.V. (since 2015) | Bratel S.à.r.l. - Director (since 2018) | 
Nutrinveste, SGPS, S.A. - Non-executive Board Member (since 2018) |

--- Page 205 ---
- 203 - 
 
 
Oi, S.A. - Member of the Board of Directors (since 2015) | Forum para a 
Competitividade - Chairman of the Audit Committee of (since 2015). 
Financial Matters Committee / Audit Committee 
The Financial Matters Committee/Audit Committee is made up of 3 independent members with the 
appropriate qualifications and experience, including at least one member with a degree in the area of the 
committee's duties and specific knowledge of auditing and accounting. 
In accordance with the articles of association and internal regulations of the Financial Matters 
Committee/Audit Committee and under the applicable law, this Committee is assigned the following 
general powers, by delegation of the General and Supervisory Board: 
 
financial matters and accounting practices; 
 
internal audit practices and procedures; 
 
the internal mechanisms and procedures of the Internal Control System for Financial Reporting; 
 
matters relating to the risk management and control system; 
 
the activities and mechanisms of the compliance management system;  
 
the activity and independence of the Statutory Auditor / Order of the Official Chartered 
Accountants of EDP; and 
 
the systems for assessing and resolving conflict of interests, particularly with regard to EDP's 
relations with shareholders. 
The membership, role and functioning of the Financial Matters Committee/Audit Committee are in line 
with the EC Recommendation of 15 February 2005 (2005/162/EC), supplemented by the EC 
Recommendation of 30 April 2009 (2009/385/EC) as well as the recommendations provided for by the 
Corporate Governance Code of the Portuguese Institute for Corporate Governance. 
In view of its duties, the Financial Matters Committee/Audit Committee held sixteen meetings in 2020, as 
envisaged in its Activity Plan. The main matters addressed in those meetings were: supervision of the 
financial reporting and business of the EDP Group and EDP Finance BV, monitoring the activity of the 
internal audit, monitoring the internal control system on financial reporting, monitoring of the compliance 
management activity, monitoring of the risk management activity, monitoring the litigation processes, 
monitoring the activity of the pensions fund of the EDP Group, monitoring the contractual relationship with 
the statutory auditor of the EDP Group and EDP Finance BV, their activities and assessing the objective 
conditions of their independence and monitoring reports of irregularities (whistleblowing), and the 
relationship with the audit committees of the subsidiaries.  
Remuneration Committee 
The Remuneration Committee is made up of members of the General and Supervisory Board with the 
appropriate qualifications and experience, all of whom are independent from the managing body. This 
committee always has at least one representative present at the AGSM. 
In accordance with the Internal Regulations of the Remuneration Committee, this Committee is assigned 
the following general powers: 
 
to prepare and propose the policy and corporate objectives regarding the Chairman and Members 
of the Executive Board of Directors remuneration determination; 
 
set the Chairman of the Executive Board of Directors and Directors' remuneration; 
 
monitor and assess the performance of the Chairman of the Board of Directors and directors for 
purposes of determining variable remuneration; and 
 
monitor the dissemination of external information on remuneration and the Executive Board of 
Directors remuneration policy.

--- Page 206 ---
- 204 - 
 
 
According to the articles of association, the Remuneration Committee of the General and Supervisory 
Board must submit a proposal for the remuneration policy of the members of the Executive Board of 
Directors to be approved at the general shareholders' meeting, at least every four years and whenever there 
is a relevant change in the remuneration policy in force. 
The Remuneration Committee held six meetings during 2020, considering its duties. The following main 
topics were discussed: (i) definition of the remuneration policy of the Executive Board Members to be 
submitted to the general shareholders' meeting and (ii) definition of the variable annual remuneration 
regarding 2019 financial year, as well as the multi-annual variable remuneration of the Executive Board 
Members. Although calculated annually, the multi-annual variable remuneration only becomes effective if, 
by the end of the mandate, 90 per cent. of the objectives have been achieved. The calculation of all variable 
remuneration was validated and certified by an external entity.  
Corporate Governance and Sustainability Committee 
The Corporate Governance and Sustainability Committee is made up of members of the General and 
Supervisory Board, the majority of whom are independent, with the appropriate qualifications and 
experience for their duties. 
The Corporate Governance and Sustainability Committee is a specialised committee of the General and 
Supervisory Board. Its purpose is to monitor and supervise, on a permanent basis, all matters related with 
the following: 
 
corporate governance; 
 
sustainability in all its dimensions; 
 
internal codes of ethics and conduct; 
 
systems for evaluating and resolving conflicts of interest in relations between EDP and its 
shareholders, through the analysis of the proposals for remedies regarding situations reported to 
this Committee by the Financial Matters Committee / Audit Committee; 
 
internal proceedings and relationship between EDP and Subsidiary or Group companies and their 
employees, clients, providers and remaining stakeholders; 
 
succession plans; and 
 
the evaluation process of the General Supervisory Board and the different specialized committees. 
In the scope of its responsibilities, the Corporate Governance and Sustainability Committee supports the 
activity of the General and Supervisory Board in the continuous assessment of the management, as well as 
of the performance of the General and Supervisory Board itself. Based on the work of the Corporate 
Governance and Sustainability Committee, the General and Supervisory Board annually carries out the 
above mentioned assessments, which conclusions are included in the annual report of the General and 
Supervisory Board and presented to the shareholders at the AGSM. 
Another two very important activities carried out by the Corporate Governance and Sustainability 
Committee are the monitoring of the corporate governance practices adopted by EDP and the management 
of human resources and succession plans. 
The functioning of the Corporate Governance and Sustainability Committee is governed by an internal 
regulation approved by the General and Supervisory Board. 
This committee held five meetings during 2020, in compliance with its specific duties. The following topics 
were discussed: analysis of potential relevant situations in terms of conflicts of interest, assessment of 
opinions issued by the Ethics Committee, analysis of the stakeholders management in general and 
relationship policy with clients in particular, assessment of the human resources and succession plans, 
analysis of the gender equality plan, analysis of the diversity and inclusion strategy, study of sustainability 
objectives for the Group, and analysis of the strategic plan for EDP Group's Foundations.

--- Page 207 ---
- 205 - 
 
 
USA Business Affairs Monitoring Committee 
The USA Business Affairs Monitoring Committee is elected by the General and Supervisory Board and 
composed by a majority of independent members, never less than five, with the qualifications and 
experience to adequately perform their duties. 
The USA Business Affairs Monitoring Committee was incorporated on 16 March 2020 and is responsible 
for monitoring and assessing the activity undertaken by companies wholly or majority held by and/or 
subsidiaries of EDP Group in the United States, namely regarding: 
 
the strategic/business plans, assessing the different developing scenarios in which they rest and 
their implementation, including the resources necessary to its execution (human and financial); 
 
the annual budget; 
 
the investment, divestment, merger, acquisition and restructuring projects of significant value 
businesses; 
 
financing transactions; 
 
alliances /strategic partnerships entered into and the specific actions deriving therefrom, and 
evolution of counterpart risks; 
 
the issuance of prior opinion including in cases of urgency following the requests presented by the 
Executive Board of Directors; 
 
the compliance of the assumed commitments regarding public safety; and 
 
performance, risk assessment, value at risk and the respective management. 
The committee is also responsible for defining compliance procedures on the obligations assumed by EDP 
regarding the development of EDPR's business with respect to the General and Supervisory Board activity. 
In 2020, the USA Business Affairs Monitoring Committee held six meetings. The following topics were 
discussed: analysis of the EDPR strategy and performance in the United States, monitoring the state of play 
of investment and divestment projects in the United States, monitoring of the strategic partnership between 
EDPR and Engie for the offshore wind segment in the United States and monitoring of the EDP budget in 
the United States for 2021.  
Executive Officers 
EDP has 21 executive officers in charge of various business and administrative departments which report 
directly to the Executive Board of Directors. Selected information for the executive officers in charge of 
EDP's principal business activities is set forth below: 
Name 
Year of 
Birth 
Year of 
Appointment 
Position 
Support to Governance Area 
Rita Ferreira de Almeida.............................................. 1977 
2021 
Company Secretary and Head of the General 
Secretariat and Legal Department 
Teresa Lobato ............................................................... 1988 
2018 
Chief of Staff of the Chairman of the Executive 
Board 
Azucena Viñuela Hernández ....................................... 1965 
2006 
Head of Internal Audit Department 
Rita Sousa .................................................................... 1974 
2019 
Head of Compliance Department 
Maria Manuela Silva .................................................... 1955 
2018 
Ethics Ombudsman  
Strategic Area 
Jorge Casillas ............................................................... 1974 
2021 
Head of Energy Planning Department 
Rui Eustáquio ............................................................... 1980 
2021 
Head of Risk Management Department 
Pedro Vasconcelos ....................................................... 1982 
2017 
Head of Business Analysis Department 
Sandra Pinto Ferreira ................................................... 1973 
2021 
Head of Regulation and Markets Department 
Ricardo Ferreira ........................................................... 1971 
2018 
Head of Studies and Competition Department 
António Castro ............................................................. 1959 
2016 
Head of Sustainability Department 
Financial Area 
Paula Guerra ................................................................. 1973 
2008 
Head of Financial Management Department 
Rui Antunes ................................................................. 1978 
2021 
Head of Planning and Control Department

--- Page 208 ---
- 206 - 
 
 
Name 
Year of 
Birth 
Year of 
Appointment 
Position 
Miguel Ribeiro Ferreira ............................................... 1967 
2004 
Head of Consolidation, IFRS Reporting Global 
Coordination Department 
Miguel Viana ............................................................... 1972 
2006 
Head of Investor Relations Department 
Resources Area 
 
 
 
Paula Carneiro .............................................................. 1967 
2021 
Head 
of 
People 
and 
Organisational 
Development Global Unit  
Temporarily led by Ana Paula Marques ...................... 1973 
2021 
Head of Digital Global Unit Department 
Marketing and Communication Area 
Rui Cabrita ................................................................... 1965 
2015 
Head of Communication Department 
Catarina Barradas………… 
1974 
2021 
Head of Trademark Department 
Ana Sofia Vinhas ......................................................... 1972 
2019 
Head 
of 
Institutional 
Relations 
and 
Stakeholders Department 
Business Units 
Pedro Neves Ferreira ................................................... 1975 
2019 
Head of Energy Management Business Unit 
The business address of each member of the Executive Board of Directors and each executive officer of 
EDP is Avenida 24 de Julho, 12, 1249 - 300 Lisbon, Portugal. The business address of each member of 
the General and Supervisory Board is Avenida 24 de Julho, 12, 1249 - 300 Lisbon, Portugal. 
Conflicts of Interest 
According to the information provided to EDP, the members of the Executive Board of Directors, the 
General and Supervisory Board and the executive officers of EDP do not have any conflicts, or any potential 
conflicts, between their duties to EDP and their private interests or other duties.

--- Page 209 ---
- 207 - 
 
 
FINANCIAL STATEMENTS OF THE EDP GROUP 
The following financial information as of and for the six months ended 30 June 2021 and 30 June 2020 
which appears below has been derived from EDP's unaudited consolidated financial statements for the six 
months ended 30 June 2021 prepared in accordance with IAS 34 "Interim Financial Reporting" ("IAS 34") 
as adopted by the EU and which is included in this Base Prospectus. 
The selected consolidated financial information as of and for the financial years ended 31 December 2020 
and 2019 which appears below has been derived from EDP's audited consolidated financial statements for 
the financial years ended 31 December 2020 and 2019 prepared in accordance with International Financial 
Reporting Standards ("IFRS") as adopted by the EU and included elsewhere in this Base Prospectus. 
Consolidated Income Statements 
 
Six-month period ended  
30 June 
Year ended  
31 December 
Thousand Euros 
2021 
2020 
2020 
2019* 
 
Unaudited 
 
 
Revenues from energy sales and services 
and other .........................................  
 
6,083,249 
 
6,182,887 
 
12,448,205 
 
14,333,009 
Cost of energy sales and other ...........  
(3,667,739) 
(3,525,817) 
(7,356,487) 
(9,115,859) 
 
2,415,510 
2,657,070 
5,091,718 
5,217,150 
Other income ......................................  
338,815 
343,662 
1,077,689 
691,886 
Supplies and services .........................  
(408,126) 
(401,573) 
(856,519) 
(897,543) 
Personnel costs and employee benefits 
(332,828) 
(322,069) 
(667,313) 
(620,196) 
Other expenses ...................................  
(341,978) 
(371,023) 
(635,180) 
(652,473) 
Impairment losses on trade receivables 
and debtors ......................................  
 
(12,521) 
 
(40,148) 
 
(63,690) 
 
(33,207) 
 
(756,638) 
(791,151) 
(1,145,013) 
(1,511,533) 
Joint ventures and associates .............  
33,292 
1,692,164 
5,043 
1,870,962 
3,257 
3,949,962  
25,011 
3,730,628 
Provisions ...........................................  
(3,664) 
(51,156) 
(112,093) 
(101,530) 
Amortisation and impairment ............  
(722,311) 
(767,806) 
(1,631,831) 
(1,765,619) 
 
966,189 
1,052,000 
2,206,038 
1,863,479 
 
 
 
 
 
Financial income ................................  
172,925 
109,353 
226,702 
387,817 
Financial expenses .............................  
(427,201) 
(477,118) 
(897,326) 
(1,057,591) 
Profit before income tax and CESE ...  
711,913 
684,235 
1,535,414 
1,193,705 
Income tax expense ............................  
(162,683) 
(134,181) 
(309,112) 
(225,901) 
Extraordinary contribution to the energy 
sector (CESE) .................................  
 
(51,599) 
 
(62,474) 
 
(65,109) 
 
(68,477) 
 
(214,282) 
(196,655) 
(374,221) 
(294,378) 
Net profit for the period ..................  
497,631 
487,580 
1,161,193 
899,327 
 
Attributable to: 
 
 
 
 
Equity holders of EDP .....................  
343,316 
314,613 
800,692 
511,751 
Non-controlling Interests ................  
154,315 
172,967 
360,501 
387,576 
Net profit for the period ..................  
497,631 
487,580 
1,161,193 
899,327 
Earnings per share (Basic and Diluted) - 
Euros ...............................................  
 
0.09 
 
0.09 
 
0.21 
 
0.14 
 
 __________________  
 
* Includes restatement due to changes in results in Joint Ventures and Associates as described in note 2a) of EDP's annual report for 
the year ended 31 December 2020

--- Page 210 ---
- 208 - 
 
 
Consolidated Statements of Financial Position 
 
As at  
30 June 
As at  
31 December 
Thousand Euros 
2021 
2020 
2019 
 
Unaudited 
 
 
Assets 
 
 
 
Property, plant and equipment .......................................  
20,423,189 
20,163,221 
19,676,222 
Right-of-use assets .........................................................  
1,044,690 
1,030,193 
828,503 
Intangible assets .............................................................  
4,799,352 
4,998,235 
4,223,823 
Goodwill .........................................................................  
2,378,074 
2,306,303 
2,119,862 
Investments in joint ventures and associates .................  
1,378,240 
940,362 
1,098,512 
Equity instruments at fair value .....................................  
190,306 
184,748 
170,806 
Investment property .......................................................  
22,779 
21,378 
29,944 
Deferred tax assets .........................................................  
925,585 
1,139,543 
1,084,046 
Debtors and other assets from commercial activities ....  
3,223,906 
2,747,012 
3,424,220 
Other debtors and other assets .......................................  
1,391,001 
1,020,788 
932,578 
Non-Current tax assets ...................................................  
224,005 
251,770 
389,037 
Collateral deposits associated to financial debt .............  
24,831 
22,848 
21,690 
Total Non-Current Assets ...........................................  
36,025,958 
34,826,401 
33,999,243 
Inventories ......................................................................  
372,605 
323,945 
368,334 
Debtors and other assets from commercial activities ....  
3,870,397 
3,545,611 
2,858,160 
Other debtors and other assets .......................................  
1,276,559 
850,753 
881,779 
Current tax assets ...........................................................  
548,831 
414,302 
415,735 
Collateral deposits associated to financial debt .............  
14,593 
9,221 
39,786 
Cash and cash equivalents .............................................  
1,531,195 
2,954,302 
1,542,722 
Non-Current Assets held for sale ...................................  
489,157 
22,248 
2,255,887 
Total Current Assets ......................................................  
8,103,337 
8,120,382 
8,362,403 
Total Assets ...................................................................  
44,129,295 
42,946,783 
42,361,646 
Equity 
 
 
 
Share capital ...................................................................  
3,965,681 
3,965,681 
3,656,538 
Treasury stock ................................................................  
(52,181) 
(54,025) 
(61,220) 
Share premium ...............................................................  
1,196,522 
1,196,522 
503,923 
Reserves and retained earnings ......................................  
4,358,473 
3,673,785 
4,247,195 
Consolidated net profit attributable to equity holders of EDP 
 
343,316 
800,692 
511,751 
Total Equity attributable to equity holders of EDP .......  
9,811,811 
9,582,655 
8,858,187 
Non-controlling Interests ...............................................  
4,534,777 
3,495,754 
3,773,826 
Total Equity ..................................................................  
14,346,588 
13,078,409 
12,632,013 
Liabilities 
 
 
 
Financial debt .................................................................  
13,743,345 
14,023,940 
13,124,615 
Employee benefits ..........................................................  
1,042,993 
1,138,237 
1,128,155 
Provisions .......................................................................  
1,019,721 
992,865 
926,426 
Deferred tax liabilities....................................................  
825,453 
814,474 
503,746 
Institutional partnerships in North America(a) ...............  
1,589,303 
1,933,542 
2,289,784 
Trade payables and other liabilities from commercial activities 
1,379,338 
1,435,006 
1,644,307 
Other liabilities and other payables ...............................  
2,174,805 
1,739,448 
1,177,119 
Non-current tax liabilities ..............................................  
145,646 
122,743 
138,212 
Total Non-Current Liabilities ........................................  
21,920,604 
22,200,255 
20,932,364 
 
 
 
 
Financial debt .................................................................  
2,387,639 
2,262,823 
3,446,854 
Employee benefits ..........................................................  
194,844 
204,067 
183,514 
Provisions .......................................................................  
137,581 
260,154 
126,091 
Trade payables and other liabilities from commercial activities 
3,094,972 
3,952,213 
3,859,623 
Other liabilities and other payables ...............................  
1,347,098 
590,117 
623,771 
Current tax liabilities......................................................  
512,453 
398,634 
478,594 
Non-Current Liabilities held for sale .............................  
187,516 
111 
78,822 
Total Current Liabilities .................................................  
7,862,103 
7,668,119 
8,797,269 
Total Liabilities ..............................................................  
29,782,707 
29,868,374 
29,729,633 
Total Equity and Liabilities ........................................  
44,129,295 
42,946,783 
42,361,646 
 _______________  
 
(a) 
In 2019 corresponds to "Institutional partnerships in USA"

--- Page 211 ---
- 209 - 
 
 
Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows 
 
Six month periods ended  
30 June 
Year ended  
31 December 
Thousand Euros 
2021 
2020 
2020 
2019* 
 
Unaudited 
 
 
Operating activities .............................................................. 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Profit before income tax and CESE 
711,913 
684,235 
1,535,414 
1,193,705 
 
 
 
 
 
Adjustments for: 
 
 
 
 
Amortisation and impairment ..................................... 
722,311 
767,806 
1,631,831 
1,765,619 
Provisions .................................................................... 
3,664 
51,156 
112,093 
101,530 
Joint ventures and associates ....................................... 
(33,292) 
(5,043) 
(3,257) 
 (25,011) 
Financial (income) / expenses ..................................... 
254,276 
367,765 
670,624 
669,774 
(Gains)/Losses on disposal and scope effects except 
Asset Rotations ............................................................ 
 
- 
 
- 
 
(234,818) 
32,440 
 
 
 
 
 
Changes in working capital 
 
 
 
 
Trade and other receivables ........................................ 
(42,611) 
231,002 
5,928 
131,007 
Trade and other payables ............................................ 
(30,758) 
(206,884) 
16,411 
(116,077) 
Personnel ..................................................................... 
(133,031) 
(105,339) 
(101,616) 
(339,684) 
Regulatory assets ......................................................... 
(339,836) 
51,235 
(47,293) 
(251,160) 
Other changes in assets/liabilities related with 
operating activities ...................................................... 
(483,666) 
 
(282,900) 
 
(523,418) 
(342,802) 
Income tax and CESE ............................................................ 
(2,478) 
(35,458) 
(172,788) 
(284,929) 
 
Net cash flows from operations ................................ 
626,491 
1,517,575 
2,889,111 
2,534,412 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Net (gains)/losses with Asset Rotations ................................ 
(118,347) 
(145,212) 
(433,900) 
(313,452)  
 
Net cash flows from operating activities .................. 
508,144 
1,372,363 
2,455,211 
2,220,960  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Investing activities 
 
 
 
 
Cash receipts relating to: 
 
 
 
 
 
Sale of assets/subsidiaries with loss of control(i) ......... 
238,856 
282,226 
3,835,863 
502,982  
Other financial assets and investments (ii) ................... 
68,159 
25,537 
130,227 
563,867  
Changes in cash resulting from consolidation 
perimeter variations ..................................................... 
4,622 
 
- 
 
85,579 
-  
Property, plant and equipment and intangible assets .. 
18,873 
5,526 
12,484 
30,885  
Other receipts relating to tangible fixed assets ........... 
4,984 
1,613 
6,683 
4,894  
Interest and similar income ......................................... 
8,462 
17,477 
26,940 
61,308  
Dividends ..................................................................... 
31,236 
17,681 
48,478 
43,127  
Loans to related parties ............................................... 
517,169 
164,286 
326,071 
605,313  
 
892,361 
514,346 
4,472,325 
1,812,376  
Cash payments relating to: 
 
 
 
 
Acquisition of assets/subsidiaries(iii) ............................ 
(67,385) 
(31,813) 
(1,097,339) 
(3,133)  
Other financial assets and investments(iv) .................... 
(365,748) 
(179,382) 
(431,182) 
(739,100) 
Changes in cash resulting from consolidation 
perimeter variations(i) .................................................. 
 
(10,392) 
 
1,806 
 
(38,825) 
(112,284)  
Property, plant equipment and intangible assets ......... 
(2,041,522) 
(1,065,045) 
(2,409,812) 
(2,348,542)  
Loans to related parties ............................................... 
(346,716) 
(266,739) 
(780,652) 
(254,339)  
 
(2,831,763) 
(1,541,173) 
(4,757,810) 
(3,457,398)  
Net cash flows from investing activities ........... 
(1,939,402) 
(1,026,827) 
(285,485) 
(1,645,022)  
 
 
 
 
 
Financing activities 
 
 
 
 
Receipts relating to financial debt (include Collateral 
Deposits) ................................................................................ 
 
1,598,039 
 
5,616,668 
 
5,927,683 
4,099,892  
(Payments) relating to financial debt (include Collateral 
Deposits) ................................................................................ 
 
(1,839,302) 
 
(4,884,561) 
 
(6,463,566) 
(3,443,363)  
Interest and similar costs of financial debt including hedge 
derivatives .............................................................................. 
 
(260,326) 
 
(348,382) 
 
(570,155) 
(557,270)  
Receipts/(payments) relating to loans from non-controlling 
interests................................................................................... 
 
(35,939) 
 
(14,661) 
 
216,858 
 
(29,922)  
Interest and similar costs relating to loans from non-
controlling interests ................................................................ 
 
(9,231) 
 
(5,270) 
 
(9,831) 
(21,177)  
Governmental grants received ............................................... 
- 
- 
37 
- 
Share capital increases/(decreases) (includes the subscribed 
by non-controlling interests)(v) ............................................... 
 
1,452,074 
 
(45,992) 
920,598 
 
(61,722) 
Receipts/(payments) relating to derivative financial 
instruments ............................................................................. 
 
17,835 
 
6,286 
 
12,776 
(4,946)  
Dividends paid to equity holders of EDP(vi) ........................... 
(749,763) 
(690,739) 
(690,739) 
(690,675)  
Dividends paid to non-controlling interests ........................... 
(113,303) 
(44,797) 
(112,001) 
(134,726) 
Treasury stock sold/(purchased) ............................................ 
1,844 
- 
7,195 
-

--- Page 212 ---
- 210 - 
 
 
 
Six month periods ended  
30 June 
Year ended  
31 December 
Thousand Euros 
2021 
2020 
2020 
2019* 
 
Unaudited 
 
 
Receipts/(payments) related with transactions with non-
controlling interest without change of control ....................... 
 
- 
 
(1,364) 
 
(1,007) 
(20,386)  
Lease (payments)(vii) ............................................................... 
(48,462) 
(37,367) 
(80,364) 
(75,754)  
Receipts/(payments) from institutional partnerships in 
North America(viii) ................................................................... 
 
(36,911) 
 
114,944 
 
248,728 
105,627  
Net cash flows from financing activities 
(23,445) 
(335,235) 
(593,788) 
(834,422)  
 
Changes in cash and cash equivalents ............................... 
(1,454,703) 
10,301 
1,575,938 
(258,484) 
Effect of exchange rate fluctuations on cash held ................. 
               39,858   
(175,424) 
(170,198) 
(1,999)  
Cash and cash equivalents reclassified as held for sale ......... 
(8,262) 
(1,778) 
5,840 
- 
Cash and cash equivalents at the beginning of the period ..... 
2,954,302 
1,542,722 
1,542,722 
1,803,205  
Cash and cash equivalents at the end of the period(ix) ...... 
1,531,195 
1,375,821 
2,954,302 
1,542,722 
 
 _______________  
 
 
 
 
(i) 
Relates essentially to the receivement of the sales of Babilônia Holding, S.A. and its subsidiaries (see note 27 to the 2020 EDP Financial Statements), the 
transfers of offshore companies to OW Offshore Relates, the sale of Camirengia Hidroeléctricos, S.A. (Portugal), the receivement of Baser Comercializadora 
de Referencia, S.A and EDP Comercializadora, S.AU (Spain), as well the sale of companies located in Spain and North America (see note 6 to the 2020 EDP 
Financial Statements); 
(ii) 
Relates essentially to the receivement of the sale of Zephyr fund (see note 22 to the 2020 EDP Financial Statements) and the receivement of notes (see note 
27 to the 2020 EDP Financial Statements); 
(iii) 
Relates, mainly, to the impact with the acquisition of Viesgo Group companies (see note 6 to the 2020 EDP Financial Statements); 
(iv) 
Relates essentially to payments made for the capital increases in North America companies, the Investment Funds in Brazil and acquisition of participation in 
the Mercer and Dunas funds (see note 22 to the 2020 EDP Financial Statements); 
(v) 
Relates essentially to the capital increase made by EDP (see note 30 to the 2020 EDP Financial Statements); 
(vi) 
See note 32 to the 2020 EDP Financial Statements; 
(vii) 
Includes capital and interest; 
(viii) 
On a consolidated basis, refers to the receipts and payments net of transaction costs (transactions included in note 37 to the 2020 EDP Financial Statements); 
and 
(ix) 
See details of Cash and cash equivalents in note 29 to the 2020 EDP Financial Statements and the Consolidated and EDP Reconciliation of Changes in the 
responsibilities of Financing activities in note 52 to the 2020 EDP Financial Statements 
 
* 
Includes the reclassification arising from the change in accounting policy as described in note 2a) to the 2020 EDP Financial Statements.

--- Page 213 ---
- 211 - 
 
 
EDP FINANCE B.V. 
INCORPORATION, DURATION AND DOMICILE 
EDP Finance B.V. (hereinafter "EDP B.V."), a wholly-owned subsidiary of EDP, is incorporated under 
Dutch law as a private company with limited liability (besloten vennootschap met beperkte 
aansprakelijkheid) in Amsterdam, the Netherlands, on 1 October 1999 for an unlimited period of time. 
EDP B.V. has its registered office at Luna ArenA, Herikerbergweg 130, 1101 CM Amsterdam, the 
Netherlands (telephone number +31 (0)20 575 56 00) and its statutory seat is in Amsterdam, the 
Netherlands. EDP B.V. is registered in the Commercial Register of the Chamber of Commerce under file 
number 34121496. 
OBJECTS AND ACTIVITIES 
The main objects of EDP B.V. are to assist EDP and the EDP Group in raising funds in the international 
markets and to provide financial and investment services to group companies. 
SHARE CAPITAL 
The authorised share capital of EDP B.V. consists of 80,000 shares of €100 each, of which 20,000 shares 
have been issued and fully paid up. 
MANAGEMENT 
The management of EDP B.V. is conducted by a management board that may consist of one or more 
members. Members of the management board are elected by a general meeting of the shareholders of EDP 
B.V. and may be recalled from this position at any time. 
The current management board is composed of four members: EDP, Marleen Frederika Carola van der 
Werff, Ronald Arendsen and TMF Netherlands B.V. Details of the directors of EDP can be found in 
"Management of EDP". 
The details of the individual directors of EDP B.V. are as follows: 
Name 
Year of Birth 
Position 
Elected 
Marleen Frederika Carola van der Werff  
1975 
Director 
2019 
Ronald Arendsen ......................................  
1967 
Director 
2020 
 
TMF Netherlands B.V. may be represented by: 
(i) 
any two managing directors acting jointly; 
(ii) 
any proxy holder A acting jointly with a managing director or a proxy holder A or a proxy holder 
B; or 
(iii) 
any proxy holder B acting jointly with a managing director or a proxy holder A. 
Full details of all appointed managing directors, proxy holders A and proxy holders B can be found in the 
register entry for TMF Netherlands B.V. in the Commercial Register of the Chamber of Commerce under 
file number 33126512. 
The contact address for the managing directors, proxy holders A and proxy holders B of TMF Netherlands 
B.V. (including the individual directors of EDP B.V.) is Luna ArenA, Herikerbergweg 238, 1101 CM 
Amsterdam, the Netherlands (telephone number: +31 (0)20 575 56 00). 
EDP B.V. may be legally represented by the entire management board, being EDP, Ms. van der Werff, 
TMF Netherlands B.V. and Mr. Arendsen, acting jointly, or by two members of the management board 
acting jointly. 
The principal outside activities of Ms. van der Werff and Mr. Arendsen are as employees of TMF 
Netherlands B.V., a trust company established in the Netherlands in 1970 whose principal outside activities

--- Page 214 ---
- 212 - 
 
 
are the provision of corporate secretarial and administrative services to businesses, companies and other 
forms of enterprise. 
For details of the outside activities of EDP please see "EDP and the EDP Group" above. 
CONFLICTS OF INTEREST 
The members of the management board of EDP B.V. do not have any conflicts, or any potential conflicts, 
between their duties to EDP B.V. and their private interests or other duties. 
ANNUAL GENERAL MEETING OF THE SHAREHOLDERS 
An annual general meeting of shareholders must be held in Amsterdam, the Netherlands, within six months 
following the end of each fiscal year. Each outstanding share is entitled to one vote. 
FINANCIAL STATEMENTS AND DISTRIBUTION OF PROFITS 
EDP B.V.'s fiscal year coincides with the calendar year. The annual general meeting of the shareholders 
shall determine the allocation of the accrued profits. 
The following financial information is extracted without material adjustment from the audited financial 
statements of EDP B.V. for the years ended 31 December 2020 and 31 December 2019, prepared in 
accordance with the IFRS as adopted by the EU and incorporated by reference in this Base Prospectus, and 
from the unaudited and unreviewed financial statements of EDP B.V. for the six month period ended 30 
June 2021, prepared in accordance with IAS 34 "Interim Financial Reporting" ("IAS 34") as adopted by 
the EU, and which are incorporated by reference in this Base Prospectus.

--- Page 215 ---
- 213 - 
 
 
Company Income Statement 
 
Six Month Period Ended 
Year Ended 31 December 
Thousand Euros 
30 June 2021 
30 June 2020 
2020 
2019 
 
Unaudited and unreviewed 
 
 
Interest income ...............................................................................  
129,488 
159,444 
367,986 
396,531 
Interest expenses ............................................................................  
(128,566) 
(186,431) 
(350,267) 
(447,631) 
Net interest income / (expenses) ............................................  
922 
(26,987) 
17,719 
(51,100) 
Net other financial income and expenses ......................................  
(4,157) 
(5,731) 
(8,269) 
33,008 
Net financial income / (expenses) ..........................................  
(3,235) 
(32,718) 
9,450 
(18,092) 
Other income / (expenses) .............................................................  
 
 
 
 
Services rendered .......................................................................  
234 
244 
730 
(72) 
Supplies and services .................................................................  
(798) 
(828) 
(2,232) 
(1,450) 
Personnel costs ...........................................................................  
(65) 
(18) 
(33) 
(35) 
Profit / (Loss) before income tax ............................................  
(3,864) 
(33,320) 
7,915 
(19,649) 
Tax (expense) / benefit ...................................................................  
954 
6,477 
(1,962) 
4,900 
Net profit for the period ..............................................................  
(2,910) 
(26,843) 
5,953 
(14,749) 
Company Statement of Financial Position 
 
Six Month 
Period Ended 
30 June 
Year Ended 
31 December 
Thousand Euros  
2021 
2020 
2019* 
 
Unaudited and 
unreviewed 
 
 
Assets 
 
 
 
Loans to and receivables from group entities ................................  
7,629,960 
7,869,205 
9,319,288 
Derivative financial instruments ....................................................  
30,637 
45,762 
 170,142 
Deferred tax assets .........................................................................  
3,815 
3,536 
5,476 
Total Non-Current Assets ..............................................................  
7,664,412 
7,918,503 
9,494,906 
Loans to and receivables from group entities ................................  
2,294,061 
2,547,644 
3,635,205 
Derivative financial instruments ....................................................  
35,506 
58,175 
 105,188 
Debtors and other assets ................................................................  
238 
1,245 
 846 
Tax receivable ................................................................................  
771 
129 
 3,771 
Cash and cash equivalents .............................................................  
1,022,523 
827,730 
468,594 
Total Current Assets ......................................................................  
3,353,099 
3,434,923 
4,213,604 
Total Assets ...................................................................................  
11,017,511 
11,353,426 
13,708,510 
 
 
 
 
Equity 
 
 
 
Share capital ...................................................................................  
2,000 
 2,000 
 2,000 
Share premium ...............................................................................  
11,980 
 11,980 
 11,980 
Reserves and retained earnings ......................................................  
105,419 
98,531 
 112,453 
Profit / (loss)  for the period...........................................................  
(2,910) 
5,953 
(14,749) 
Total Equity ..................................................................................  
116,489 
118,464 
111,684 
 
 
 
 
Liabilities 
 
 
 
Debt securities ................................................................................  
7,689,229 
8,638,300 
9,292,326 
Loans and credit facilities from third parties .................................  
181,457 
174,425 
 439,261 
Derivative financial instruments ....................................................  
- 
3,974 
37,371 
Total Non-Current Liabilities ........................................................  
7,870,686 
8,816,699 
9,768,958 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Debt securities ................................................................................  
1,094,016 
1,371,961 
 1,915,545 
Loans and credit facilities from third parties .................................  
201,258 
156,249 
 845,165 
Loans from group entities ..............................................................  
1,140,297 
771,529 
 806,972 
Amounts owed on commercial paper ............................................  
570,000 
118,000 
258,000 
Derivative financial instruments ....................................................  
23,832 
185 
  1,937 
Trade and other liabilities ..............................................................  
357 
42 
249 
Tax payable................................................................................... 
576 
297 
- 
Total Current Liabilities .................................................................  
3,030,336 
2,418,263 
3,827,868 
Total Liabilities ............................................................................  
10,901,022 
11,234,962 
13,596,826 
Total Equity and Liabilities ........................................................  
11,017,511 
11,353,426 
13,708,510 
 
*On 1 January 2020, EDP Finance changed its accounting policy for recognising balances related to the Group's financial system, starting to recognise the balances of assets in 
cash and cash equivalents. Prior to this change, EDP B.V. recognised these balances in Loans to and receivables from group entities. (See Note 2 (Significant Accounting 
Policies) to EDP Finance's audited financial statements for the year ended 31 December 2020).

--- Page 216 ---
- 214 - 
 
 
Company Statement of Cash Flows 
 
Six Month Period 
Ended 30 June 
Year Ended 31 
December 
Thousands of Euros 
2021 
2020 
2020 
2019(1) 
 
Unaudited and unreviewed 
 
 
Cash flows from operating activities 
 
 
 
 
Profit/(Loss) for the period ....................................................... 
(2,910) 
(26,843) 
5,953 
(14,749) 
Adjustments for: 
 
 
 
 
Net interest income / (expense) ............................................... 
(922) 
26,987 
(17,719) 
51,101 
Net other financial income and expenses ................................ 
18,088 
58,975 
77,631 
(61,626) 
Tax  (expense) / income ........................................................... 
(954) 
(6,477) 
1,962 
(4,900) 
 
13,302 
52,642 
67,827 
(30,174) 
Changes in: 
 
 
 
 
Loans to and receivables from group entities .......................... 
1,003,846 
(493,302) 
2,737,128 
727,755 
Debtors and other assets .......................................................... 
996 
(405) 
(559) 
1,244 
Amounts owed on commercial paper ...................................... 
452,000 
49,000 
(140,000) 
108,000 
Loans from group entities ........................................................ 
- 
802,820 
(333,186) 
64,656 
Trade and other payables ......................................................... 
326 
313 
(48) 
158 
 
1,470,470 
411,068 
2,331,162 
871,639 
Interest received ....................................................................... 
31,258 
82,640 
294,391 
264,336 
Interest paid .............................................................................. 
(157,637) 
(238,798) 
(371,294) 
(430,033) 
Tax received ............................................................................. 
- 
3,643 
3,643 
5,820 
Net cash from / (used in) operating activities.......................... 
1,344,091 
258,553 
2,257,902 
711,762 
Cash flows from financing activities (2) 
 
 
 
 
Proceeds from issued debt securities ....................................... 
- 
- 
729,927 
600,000 
Redemption of debt securities ................................................. 
(1,218,608) 
(973,129) 
(1,723,129) 
(1,753,677) 
Proceeds of loans and credit facilities from third parties ........ 
44,601 
610,382 
(907,364) 
487,803 
Net cash flow (used in) generated from financing 
activities ............................................................................... 
(1,174,006) 
 
(362,747) 
 
(1,900,566) 
 
(665,874) 
Net increase / (decrease) in cash and cash equivalents .......... 
170,084 
(104,194) 
357,336 
45,888 
Cash and cash equivalents at the beginning of the year ............. 
827,730 
468,594 
468,594 
432,703 
Effect of exchange rate fluctuations on cash and cash 
equivalents held ....................................................................... 
24,708 
 
(2,119) 
 
1,800 
 
(9,997) 
Cash and cash equivalents at the end of the period(3) ............ 
1,022,523 
362,281 
827,730 
468,594 
 
______________ 
(1) 
On 1 January 2020, EDP B.V. changed its accounting policy for recognising balances related to the Group's financial system, starting to recognise the balances of 
assets in cash and cash equivalents. Prior to this change, the company recognised these balances in Loans to and receivables from group entities. 
(2) 
See changes in Debt securities and Loans and credit facilities from third parties arising from 
financing activities, including cash and non-cash changes, in note 17 to the 2020 EDP B.V. Financial Statements 
(3) 
See details of "Cash and cash equivalents" in note 14 to the 2020 EDP B.V Financial Statements.

--- Page 217 ---
- 215 - 
 
 
TAXATION 
The following is a general description of certain Dutch and Portuguese tax considerations relating to the 
Instruments. It does not purport to be a complete analysis of all tax considerations relating to the 
Instruments. Prospective purchasers of Instruments should consult their tax advisers as to the consequences 
under the tax laws of the country in which they are resident for tax purposes and the tax laws of the 
Netherlands and/or Portugal of acquiring, holding and disposing of Instruments and receiving payments of 
interest, principal and/or other amounts under the Instruments. This summary is based upon the law as in 
effect on the date of this Base Prospectus and is subject to any change in law that may take effect after such 
date. 
Portugal  
The following is a general summary of the Issuers' understanding of current law and practice in Portugal as 
in effect as at the date of this Base Prospectus in relation to certain current relevant aspects of the 
Instruments to Portuguese taxation and is subject to changes in such laws, including changes that could 
have a retroactive effect. The following summary is intended as a general guide only and is not exhaustive. 
It is not intended to be, nor should it be considered to be, legal or tax advice to any Beneficial Owner of 
Instruments. It does not take into account or discuss the tax laws of any country other than Portugal and 
relates only to the position of persons who are the absolute beneficial owners of Instruments. Prospective 
investors are advised to consult their own tax advisers as to the Portuguese or other tax consequences 
resulting from the purchase, ownership and disposition of Instruments, including the effect of any state or 
local taxes, under the tax laws of Portugal and each country where they are resident, or are deemed to be 
resident. 
The reference to "interest", "other investment income" and "capital gains" in the paragraphs below 
means "interest", "other investment income" and "capital gains" as understood in Portuguese tax law. 
The statements below do not take into account any different definitions of "interest", "other investment 
income" or "capital gains" which may prevail under any other law or which may be created by the "Terms 
and Conditions of the Instruments" or any related documentation. 
The summary below in relation to Instruments issued by EDP B.V. and by EDP assumes that such 
Instruments would be treated by the Portuguese tax authorities as corporate bonds (obrigações) as defined 
under Portuguese law. If the Portuguese tax authorities do not treat the Instruments as obrigações, no 
assurance can be given that the same tax regime will apply. 
1. 
Instruments issued by EDP B.V. 
Interest and other investment income obtained by Portuguese resident individuals on Instruments 
issued by EDP B.V. are subject to individual income tax. If the payment of interest or other types 
of investment income is made available to Portuguese resident individuals through a Portuguese 
resident entity or a Portuguese branch of a non-resident entity, withholding tax applies at a rate of 
28 per cent., which is the final tax on that income unless the individual elects to aggregate it to his 
taxable income, subject it to tax at progressive rates varying from 14.5 per cent. up to 48 per cent. 
In the latter circumstance, a solidarity surcharge is due on the part of the taxable income exceeding 
€80,000 as follows: (i) 2.5 per cent. on the part of the taxable income exceeding €80,000 up to 
€250,000 and (ii) 5 per cent. on the taxable income exceeding €250,000 (if any). Also, in case the 
individual elected to aggregate the interest and other investment income, the tax withheld is 
deemed a payment on account of the final tax due. Interest and other investment income paid or 
made available (colocado à disposição) to accounts in the name of one or more accountholders 
acting on behalf of undisclosed entities is subject to a final withholding tax at a rate of 35 per cent., 
unless the beneficial owner of the income is disclosed, in which case the general rules will apply. 
If the interest and other investment income on the Instruments is not received through an entity 
located in Portugal, it is not subject to Portuguese withholding tax, but an autonomous taxation 
rate of 28 per cent. will apply unless an option for aggregation is made, subject to the 
aforementioned progressive tax rates and a solidarity surcharge. 
Gains obtained with the repayment of Instruments are classified as capital gains for Portuguese tax 
purposes.

--- Page 218 ---
- 216 - 
 
 
Capital gains obtained by Portuguese resident individuals on the repayment or transfer of the 
Instruments are taxed at a rate of 28 per cent. levied on the positive difference between the capital 
gains and capital losses realised on the transfer of securities and derivatives of each year, which is 
the final tax on that income, unless the individual elects to aggregate it to his taxable income, 
subjecting it to tax at progressive rates of up to 48 per cent. In the latter circumstance, a solidarity 
surcharge is due on the part of the taxable income exceeding €80,000 as follows: (i) 2.5 per cent. 
on the part of the taxable income exceeding €80,000 and up to €250,000 and (ii) 5 per cent. on the 
taxable income exceeding €250,000 (if any). Accrued interest qualifies as interest for tax purposes. 
Interest and other investment income derived from the Instruments and capital gains obtained with 
the transfer of the Instruments by legal persons resident for tax purposes in mainland Portugal and 
by non-resident legal persons with a permanent establishment therein to which the income or gains 
are attributable are included in their taxable profits and are subject to Corporate Income Tax at a 
21 per cent. tax rate (a 17 per cent. rate is applicable to the first €25,000 of taxable income obtained 
by small and medium sized companies, as defined in the annex of Decree-Law no. 372/2007, of 6 
November), to which a municipal surcharge (derrama municipal) of up to 1.5 per cent. of their 
taxable income may be added. A state surcharge (derrama estadual) also applies at 3 per cent. on 
taxable profits in excess of €1,500,000 and up to €7,500,000, 5 per cent. on taxable profits in excess 
of €7,500,000 and up to €35,000,000, and 9 per cent. on taxable profits in excess of €35,000,000. 
The acquisition of Instruments through gift or inheritance by a legal person resident in mainland 
Portugal or non-resident legal person acting through a permanent establishment therein is subject 
to Corporate Income Tax at a 21 per cent. tax rate (a 17 per cent. rate is applicable to the first 
€25,000 of taxable income obtained by small and medium sized companies, as defined in the annex 
of Decree-Law no. 372/2007, of 6 November), to which a municipal surcharge (derrama 
municipal) of up to 1.5 per cent. of their taxable income may be added. A state surcharge (derrama 
estadual) also applies at 3 per cent. on taxable profits in excess of €1,500,000 and up to €7,500,000, 
5 per cent. on taxable profits in excess of €7,500,000 and up to €35,000,000, and 9 per cent. on 
taxable profits in excess of €35,000,000. 
Interest and other investment income paid or made available (colocado à disposição) to accounts 
in the name of one or more account holders acting on behalf of undisclosed entities is subject to a 
final withholding tax at 35 per cent. unless the beneficial owner of the income is disclosed, in 
which case the general rules will apply. 
There is neither wealth nor estate tax in Portugal. 
Payments made by EDP B.V. of interest, other investment income or principal on Instruments 
issued by it to an individual or legal person non-resident in Portugal for tax purposes without a 
permanent establishment to which such income may be attributable are not subject to Portuguese 
income tax. 
Capital gains obtained on the transfer of an Instrument by an individual or a legal person who is 
neither resident nor engaged in business through a permanent establishment in Portugal to which 
that gain is attributable are not subject to Portuguese income tax. 
2. 
Instruments issued by EDP not integrated in a centralised control system foreseen under 
Decree-Law no. 193/2005, of 7 November 2005 
Interest and other types of investment income obtained on Instruments by a Portuguese resident 
individual are subject to individual income tax. If the payment of interest or other investment 
income is made available to individuals resident in mainland Portugal, withholding tax applies at 
a rate of 28 per cent., which is the final tax on that income unless the individual elects to aggregate 
it to his taxable income, subjecting it to tax at progressive rates of up to 48 per cent. In the latter 
circumstance, a solidarity surcharge is due on the part of the taxable income exceeding €80,000 as 
follows: (i) 2.5 per cent. on the part of the taxable income exceeding €80,000 and up to €250,000 
and (ii) 5 per cent. on the taxable income exceeding €250,000 (if any). Also, in case the individual 
elects to aggregate the interest and other investment, the tax withheld is deemed a payment on 
account of the final tax due.

--- Page 219 ---
- 217 - 
 
 
Interest and other investment income paid or made available (colocado à disposição) to accounts 
in the name of one or more accountholders acting on behalf of undisclosed entities is subject to a 
final withholding tax at 35 per cent. unless the beneficial owner of the income is disclosed, in 
which case the general rules will apply. 
In the case of Zero Coupon Instruments, the difference between the redemption value and the 
subscription cost is qualified as investment income and is also subject to Portuguese income tax. 
Gains obtained with the repayment of Instruments are classified as capital gains for Portuguese tax 
purposes. 
Capital gains obtained by individuals resident in mainland Portugal on the repayment or transfer 
of Instruments are taxed at a rate of 28 per cent. levied on the positive difference between the 
capital gains and capital losses realised on the transfer of securities and derivatives of each year, 
which is the final tax on that income, unless the individual elects to aggregate it to his taxable 
income, subjecting it to tax at progressive rates of up to 48 per cent. In the latter circumstance, a 
solidarity surcharge is due on the part of the taxable income exceeding €80,000 as follows: (i) 2.5 
per cent. on the part of the taxable income exceeding €80,000 and up to €250,000 and (ii) 5 per 
cent. on the taxable income exceeding €250,000 (if any). Accrued interest qualifies as interest for 
tax purposes. 
Interest and other investment income derived from Instruments and capital gains obtained with the 
repayment or transfer of Instruments by legal persons resident for tax purposes in mainland 
Portugal and by non-resident legal persons with a permanent establishment therein to which the 
income or gains are attributable are included in their taxable income and are subject to Corporate 
Income Tax at a 21 per cent. tax rate (a 17 per cent. rate is applicable to the first €25,000 of taxable 
income obtained by small and medium sized companies, as defined in the annex of Decree-Law 
no. 372/2007, of 6 November), to which a municipal surcharge (derrama municipal) of up to 1.5 
per cent. of its taxable income may be added. A state surcharge (derrama estadual) also applies at 
3 per cent. on taxable profits in excess of €1,500,000, 5 per cent. on taxable profits in excess of 
€7,500,000 and up to €35,000,000, and at 9 per cent. on taxable profits in excess of 
€35,000,000.Withholding tax at a rate of 25 per cent. applies on interest and other investment 
income, which is deemed a payment on account of the final tax due. Financial institutions subject 
to Portuguese corporate income tax (including branches of foreign financial institutions located in 
Portugal), and inter alia pension funds, retirement and/or education savings funds, venture capital 
funds and collective investment undertakings constituted under the laws of Portugal are not subject 
to withholding tax. 
Interest and other types of investment income obtained by non-resident legal persons without a 
Portuguese permanent establishment to which the income is attributable is subject to withholding 
tax at a rate of 25 per cent., which is the final tax on that income. Interest and other types of 
investment income obtained by non-resident individuals without a Portuguese permanent 
establishment to which the income is attributable is subject to withholding tax at a rate of 28 per 
cent., which is the final tax on that income. The rate is 35 per cent. in the case of individuals or 
legal persons domiciled in a country, territory or region included in the "tax havens" list approved 
by Ministerial order no. 150/2004, of 13 February as amended from time to time. Interest and other 
investment income paid or made available (colocado à disposição) to accounts in the name of one 
or more accountholders acting on behalf of undisclosed entities is subject to a final withholding 
tax of 35 per cent. unless the beneficial owner of the income is disclosed, in which case the general 
rules will apply. 
Under the tax treaties entered into by Portugal which are in full force and effect as of the date of 
this Base Prospectus, the withholding tax rate may be reduced to 15, 12, 10 or 5 per cent., 
depending on the applicable treaty and provided that the relevant formalities (including 
certification of residence by the tax authorities of the beneficial owners of the interest and other 
investment income) are met. The reduction may apply at source or through the refund of the excess 
tax. The forms currently applicable for these purposes were approved by Order (Despacho) no. 
8363/2020 (2nd series), of 31 August 2020, published in the Portuguese official gazette, second 
series, no. 169, of 31 August 2020 of the Portuguese Secretary of State for tax affairs, available for 
viewing and downloading at www.portaldasfinancas.gov.pt.

--- Page 220 ---
- 218 - 
 
 
Income paid to an associated company of EDP which is resident in the EU is exempt from 
withholding tax. 
For these purposes, an associated company of EDP is: 
(i) 
a company which is subject to one of the taxes on profits listed in Article 3 (a) (iii) of 
Council Directive 2003/49/EC without being exempt, which takes one of the forms listed 
in the Annex to that Directive, which is considered to be resident in an EU Member State 
and is not, within the meaning of a double taxation convention on income concluded with 
a third state, considered to be resident for tax purposes outside the EU; 
(ii) 
a company which holds a minimum direct holding of 25 per cent. of EDP's share capital, 
or a company whose share capital is directly held at least by 25 per cent. by EDP, or a 
company whose share capital is directly held at least 25 per cent. by a third company which 
also directly holds at least 25 per cent. of the share capital of EDP; and 
(iii) 
provided that the holding has been maintained for an uninterrupted period of at least two 
years, if the minimum holding period is met after the date the withholding tax becomes 
due, a refund may be obtained. 
The associated company of EDP to which payments are made must be the beneficial owner of the 
interest, which will be the case if it receives the interest for its own account and not as an 
intermediary, either as a representative, a trustee or authorised signatory, for some other person. 
The exemption from withholding tax may take place at source or through the refund of tax 
withheld. 
Capital gains obtained on the repayment or transfer of Instruments by non-resident individuals 
without a permanent establishment in Portugal to which gains are attributable are exempt from 
Portuguese capital gains taxation unless the beneficial owner is resident in a country, territory or 
region subject to a clearly more favourable tax regime included in the "low tax jurisdictions" list 
approved by Ministerial order (Portaria) no. 150/2004, of 13 February (Lista dos países, territórios 
e regiōes com regimes de tributaçāo privilegiada, claramente mais favoráveis) amended from time 
to time. If the exemption does not apply, the gains will be subject to personal income tax at a rate 
of 28 per cent. However, under the tax treaties entered into by Portugal, such gains are usually not 
subject to Portuguese tax, but the applicable rules should be confirmed on a case-by-case basis. 
Accrued interest does not qualify as capital gains for tax purposes. 
Capital gains obtained on the repayment or disposal of Instruments by a legal person non-resident 
in Portugal for tax purposes and without a permanent establishment in Portugal to which gains are 
attributable are exempt from Portuguese capital gains taxation, unless the share capital of the 
beneficial owner is more than 25 per cent. directly or indirectly held by Portuguese resident entities 
or if the beneficial owner is resident in a country, territory or region subject to a clearly more 
favourable tax regime included in the "low tax jurisdictions" list approved by Ministerial order 
(Portaria) no. 150/2004, of 13 February (Lista dos países, territórios e regiões com regimes de 
tributação privilegiada, claramente mais favoráveis) as amended. For the first exception the 
capital gains are still exempt if the following requirements are cumulatively met: (i) the beneficial 
owner is resident in an EU Member State, in an European Economic Area Member State which is 
bound to cooperate with Portugal under an administrative cooperation arrangement in tax matters 
similar to the exchange of information schemes in relation to tax matters existing within the EU 
Member States, or in a country with which Portugal has a double tax treaty in force which foresees 
the exchange of information; (ii) the beneficial owner is subject and not exempt from a tax referred 
to in article 2 of Council Directive 2011/96/UE of 30 November 2011, or from a tax of similar 
nature with a rate not lower than 60 per cent. of the Portuguese IRC rate (currently 12.6 per cent.); 
(iii) the beneficial owner holds, directly or indirectly, at least 10 per cent. of the share capital or 
voting rights for at least 1 year uninterruptedly of the entity disposed; (iv) the beneficial owner is 
not part of an arrangement or series of arrangements which have been put into place for the main 
purpose or one of the main purposes of obtaining a tax advantage. If the exemption does not apply, 
the gains will be subject to corporate income tax at a rate of 25 per cent. However, under the tax 
treaties entered into by Portugal, such gains are usually not subject to Portuguese tax, but the 
applicable rules should be confirmed on a case-by-case basis.

--- Page 221 ---
- 219 - 
 
 
Stamp Duty at a rate of 10 per cent. applies to the acquisition through gift or inheritance of 
Instruments by an individual who is resident for tax purposes in Portugal. An exemption applies to 
transfers in favour of the spouse, de facto spouse, descendants and parents/grandparents. The 
acquisition of Instruments through gift or inheritance by a legal person resident in mainland 
Portugal or a non-resident legal person acting through a permanent establishment therein is subject 
to Corporate Income Tax at a 21 per cent. tax rate (a 17 per cent. rate is applicable to the first 
€25,000 of taxable income obtained by small and medium sized companies, as defined in the annex 
of Decree-Law no. 372/2007, of 6 November), to which a municipal surcharge (derrama municipal) 
of up to 1.5 per cent. of its taxable income may be added. A state surcharge (derrama estadual) also 
applies at 3 per cent. on taxable profits in excess of €1,500,000 and up to €7,500,000, 5 per cent. 
on taxable profits in excess of €7,500,000 and up to €35,000,000, and 9 per cent. on taxable profits 
in excess of €35,000,000. 
No Stamp Duty applies to the acquisition through gift and inheritance of Instruments by an 
individual who is not resident for tax purposes in Portugal. The acquisition of Instruments through 
gift or inheritance by a non-resident legal person is subject to corporate income tax at a rate of 25 
per cent. However, under the tax treaties entered into by Portugal, such gains are usually not subject 
to Portuguese tax, but the applicable rules should be confirmed on a case-by-case basis. 
There is neither wealth nor estate tax in Portugal. 
3. 
Instruments issued by EDP integrated in a centralised control system foreseen under Decree-
Law no. 193/2005, of 7 November 2005 
The regime described in paragraph 2 above corresponds to the general tax treatment of investment 
income and capital gains on Instruments issued by a Portuguese entity and to the acquisition 
through gift or inheritance of such Instruments. 
Nevertheless, pursuant to the Special Tax Regime for Debt Securities, approved by Decree-Law 
no. 193/2005, of 7 November 2005, as amended from time to time (hereafter "the special regime 
approved by Decree-Law no. 193/2005"), investment income paid on, as well as capital gains 
derived from, a sale, repayment or other disposition of the Instruments, to non-Portuguese resident 
beneficial owners will be exempt from Portuguese income tax provided the debt securities are 
integrated in (i) a centralised system for securities managed by an entity resident for tax purposes 
in Portugal (such as the CVM managed by Interbolsa), or (ii) an international clearing system 
operated by a managing entity established in a member state of the EU other than Portugal (e.g. 
Euroclear or Clearstream, Luxembourg) or in a European Economic Area Member State provided, 
in this case, that such State is bound to cooperate with Portugal under an administrative cooperation 
arrangement in tax matters similar to the exchange of information schemes in relation to tax matters 
existing within the EU Member States, or (iii) integrated in other centralised systems not covered 
above provided that, in this last case, the Portuguese government authorises the application of the 
Decree-Law no.193/2005, and the beneficiaries are: 
(i) 
central banks or governmental agencies; or 
(ii) 
international bodies recognised by the Portuguese Republic; or 
(iii) 
entities resident in countries or jurisdictions with whom Portugal has a double tax treaty 
in force or a tax information exchange agreement; or 
(iv) 
other entities without headquarters, effective management or a permanent establishment 
in the Portuguese territory to which the relevant income is attributable and which are not 
domiciled in a blacklisted jurisdiction as set out in the Ministerial order no. 150/2004 from 
time to time. 
For purposes of application at source of this tax exemption regime, Decree-Law no.193/2005 
requires completion of certain procedures and the provision of certain information. Under these 
procedures (which are aimed at verifying the non-resident status of the noteholder), the beneficial 
owner is required to hold the Instruments through an account with one of the following entities: 
(i) 
a direct registered entity, which is the entity with which the debt securities accounts that 
are integrated in the centralised system are opened;

--- Page 222 ---
- 220 - 
 
 
(ii) 
an indirect registered entity, which, although not assuming the role of the "direct 
registered entities", is a client of the latter; or 
(iii) 
an international clearing system, which is an entity that proceeds, in the international 
market, to clear, settle or transfer securities which are integrated in centralised systems or 
in their own registration systems. 
The special regime approved by Decree-Law no. 193/2005 sets out the detailed rules and 
procedures to be followed on the proof of non-residence by the beneficial owners of the 
Instruments to which it applies. 
Under these rules, the direct register entity is required to obtain and retain proof, in the form 
described below, that the beneficial owner is a non-resident entity that is entitled to the exemption. 
As a general rule, the proof of non-residence should be provided to, and received by, the direct 
register entities prior to the relevant date for payment of any interest, or the redemption date (for 
Zero Coupon Instruments), and, in the case of domestically cleared Instruments, prior to the 
transfer of Instruments, as the case may be. 
The following is a general description of the rules and procedures on the proof required for the 
exemption to apply at source, as they stand on the date of this Base Prospectus. 
(a) 
Domestically Cleared Instruments 
The beneficial owner of Instruments must provide proof of non-residence in Portuguese 
territory substantially in the terms set forth below: 
(i) 
If a holder of Instruments is a central bank, a public law entity or agency or an 
international organisation recognised by the Portuguese state, a declaration of tax 
residence issued by the holder of Instruments, duly signed and authenticated or 
proof pursuant to the terms of paragraph (iv) below. 
(ii) 
If the beneficial owner of Instruments is a credit institution, a financial company, 
pension fund or an insurance company domiciled in any OECD country or in a 
country with which Portugal has entered into a double taxation treaty and is 
subject to a special supervision regime or administrative registration, certification 
shall be made by means of the following: (A) its tax identification; or (B) a 
certificate issued by the entity responsible for such supervision or registration 
confirming the legal existence of the holder of Instruments and its domicile; or 
(C) proof of non-residence, pursuant to the terms of paragraph (iv) below. 
(iii) 
If the beneficial owner of Instruments is either an investment fund or other type 
of collective investment undertaking domiciled in any OECD country or any 
country or jurisdiction with which Portugal has entered into a double tax treaty or 
a tax information exchange agreement in force, certification shall be provided by 
means of any of the following documents: (A) declaration issued by the entity 
which is responsible for its registration or supervision or by the tax authorities, 
confirming its legal existence and the law of incorporation and domicile; or (B) 
proof of non-residence pursuant to the terms of paragraph (iv) below. 
(iv) 
In any other case, confirmation must be made by way of: (A) a certificate of 
residence or equivalent document issued by the relevant tax authorities or; (B) a 
document issued by the relevant Portuguese consulate certifying residence abroad; 
or (C) a document specifically issued by an official entity of the public 
administration (either central, regional or peripheral, indirect or autonomous) of 
the relevant country certifying the residence. For these purposes, an identification 
document such as a passport or an identity card or document by means of which 
it is only indirectly possible to assume the relevant tax residence (such as a work 
or permanent residency permit) is not acceptable. There are rules on the 
authenticity and validity of the documents, in particular that the holder of 
Instruments must provide an original or a certified copy of the residence 
certificate or equivalent document. This document must be issued up to until three

--- Page 223 ---
- 221 - 
 
 
months after the date on which the withholding tax would have been applied and 
will be valid for a three-year period starting on the date such document is issued. 
In the cases referred to in paragraphs (i), (ii) and (iii) above, proof of non-residence is 
required only once, the beneficial owner having to inform the register entity of any 
changes that impact the entitlement to the exemption. The holder of Instruments must 
inform the register entity immediately of any change that may preclude the tax exemption 
from applying. 
(b) 
Internationally Cleared Instruments 
If the Instruments are registered in an account with an international clearing system, prior 
to the relevant date for payment of any interest or the redemption date (for Zero Coupon 
Instruments), the entity managing such system is to provide to the direct register entity or 
its representative the identification and number of securities, as well as the amount of 
income payable and, when applicable, the amount of tax to be withheld, itemised by type 
of beneficial owner, as follows: 
(i) 
Entities with residence, headquarters, effective management or permanent 
establishment in the Portuguese territory to which the income is attributable 
which are not exempt from tax and are subject to withholding tax; 
(ii) 
Entities which have residence, headquarters, effective management or permanent 
establishment in a country, territory or region subject to a clearly more favourable 
tax regime included in the list approved by Ministerial order no. 150/2004, of 13 
February, as amended from time to time, which are not exempt from tax and are 
subject to withholding tax; 
(iii) 
Entities with residence, headquarters, effective management or permanent 
establishment in the Portuguese territory to which the income is attributable 
which are exempt from tax or not subject to withholding tax; and 
(iv) 
Other entities which do not have residence, headquarters, effective management 
or permanent establishment to which the income would be attributable in the 
Portuguese territory. 
In addition, the international clearing system managing entity is to provide to the direct 
register entity, in relation to each income payment, at least the following information 
concerning each of the beneficiaries mentioned in (i), (ii) and (iii) above: name and 
address, tax identification number, if applicable, identification of the securities held and 
amount thereof and amount of income. 
No Portuguese exemption shall apply at source under the special regime approved by 
Decree-law no. 193/2005 if the above rules and procedures are not followed. Accordingly, 
the general Portuguese tax provisions shall apply as described above. 
If the conditions for an exemption to apply are met, but, due to inaccurate or insufficient 
information, tax is withheld, a special refund procedure is available under the regime 
approved by Decree-law no. 193/2005. The refund claim is to be submitted to the direct 
register entity of the Instruments within six months from the date the withholding took 
place. The refund of withholding tax after the above six-month period is to be claimed to 
the 
Portuguese 
tax 
authorities 
through 
an 
official 
form 
available 
at 
http://www.portaldasfinancas.gov.pt (approved by Order no. 2937/2014 issued by 
Portuguese Secretary of State for Tax Matters), within two years from the end of the year 
in which tax was withheld. The refund is to be made within three months, after which 
interest is due. 
Administrative cooperation in the field of taxation 
On 10 November 2015, the Council of the EU adopted Council Directive (EU) 2015/2060 
of 10 November 2015 repealing Council Directive 2003/48/EC of 3 June 2003 (the 
"Savings Directive") from 1 January 2016 in the case of Portugal (subject to on-going

--- Page 224 ---
- 222 - 
 
 
requirements to fulfil administrative obligations such as the reporting and exchange of 
information relating to, and accounting for withholding taxes on, payments made before 
those dates) to prevent an overlap between the Savings Directive and a new automatic 
exchange of information regime to be implemented under Council Directive 2014/107/EU 
of 9 December 2014, which amended Council Directive 2011/16/EU of 15 February 2011 
on administrative cooperation in the field of taxation and repealing Directive 77/799/EEC, 
of 19 December 1977, which is based on the format established by the Organisation for 
Economic Co-operation and Development ("OECD") called Common Reporting Standard 
("CRS"). This new global standard for automatic exchange of information on investment 
income is generally broader scope than the Savings Directive. 
The Council Directive 2014/107/EU of 9 December 2014 regarding the mandatory 
automatic exchange of information in the field of taxation was transposed into the 
Portuguese Law through the Decree-Law no. 64/2016, of 11 October. Under such law, the 
Issuer will be required to collect information regarding certain accountholders and report 
such information to Portuguese Tax Authorities – which, in turn, will report such 
information to the relevant Tax Authorities of EU Member States or third States which 
have signed the Multilateral Competent Authority Agreement on Automatic Exchange of 
Financial Account Information for the Common Reporting Standard. 
Under Council Directive 2014/107/EU, of 9 December 2014, financial institutions are 
required to report to the tax authorities of their respective Member State (for the exchange 
of information with the state of residence) information regarding bank accounts, including 
custodial accounts, held by individual persons residing in a different Member State or 
entities which are controlled by one or more individual persons residing in a different 
Member State, after having applied the due diligence rules foreseen in the Directive. The 
information refers to the account balance at the end of the calendar year, income paid or 
credited in the account and the proceeds from the sale or redemption of the financial assets 
paid or credited in the account during the calendar year to which the financial institution 
acted as custodian, broker, nominee, or otherwise as an agent for the account holder, 
among others. In view of the regime enacted by Decree-Law no. 64/2016, of 11 October, 
as amended from time to time, all information regarding the registration of the financial 
institution, the procedures to comply with the reporting obligations arising thereof and the 
applicable forms were approved by Ministerial Order (Portaria) no. 302-B/2016, of 2 
December 2016, Ministerial Order (Portaria) no. 302-C/2016, of 2 December 2016, 
Ministerial Order (Portaria) no. 302-D/2016, of 2 December 2016, all as amended or 
rectified from time to time, and Ministerial Order (Portaria) no. 302-E/2016, of 2 
December 2016. 
Foreign Account Tax Compliance Act – Portugal 
The United States has reached a Model 1 intergovernmental agreement with Portugal, 
signed on 6 August 2015 and ratified by Portugal on 5 August 2016 and which has entered 
into force on 10 August 2016. Portugal has implemented, through Law 82-B/2014, of 31 
December, the legal framework based on reciprocal exchange of information on financial 
accounts subject to disclosure in order to comply with FATCA. Through Decree-Law no. 
64/2016, of 11 October, as amended, and Ministerial Order (Portaria) no. 302-A/2016, of 
2 December 2016, as amended, the Portuguese government approved the complementary 
regulation required to comply with FATCA. Under the referred legislation the Issuer is 
required to obtain information regarding certain accountholders and report such 
information to the Portuguese Tax Authorities, which, in turn, will report such information 
to the United States Internal Revenue Service. 
The Netherlands 
General 
The following summary outlines the principal Dutch tax consequences of the acquisition, holding, 
settlement, redemption and disposal of the Instruments, but does not purport to be a comprehensive 
description of all Dutch tax considerations that may be relevant. For the purposes of Dutch tax law, a holder 
of Instruments may include an individual or entity who or which does not have the legal title to these

--- Page 225 ---
- 223 - 
 
 
Instruments, but to whom or to which nevertheless the Instruments or the income thereof is attributed based 
on specific statutory provisions or on the basis of such individual or entity having an interest in the 
Instruments or the income thereof. For the purpose of the Dutch tax consequences described herein, it is 
assumed that EDP is neither a (deemed) resident of the Netherlands nor has a permanent establishment in 
the Netherlands to which the Instruments are attributed. This summary is intended as general information 
only and each prospective investor should consult a professional tax adviser with respect to the tax 
consequences of the acquisition, holding, settlement, redemption and disposal of the Instruments. 
This summary is based on tax legislation, published case law, treaties, regulations and published policy, in 
each case as in force as at the date of this Base Prospectus, and does not take into account any developments 
or amendments thereof after that date whether or not such developments or amendments have retroactive 
effect. 
This summary does not address the Dutch corporate and individual income tax consequences for: 
(i) 
holders of Instruments holding a substantial interest (aanmerkelijk belang) or deemed substantial 
interest (fictief aanmerkelijk belang) in the Issuer and holders of Instruments of whom a certain 
related person holds a substantial interest in the Issuer. Generally speaking, a substantial interest 
in the Issuer arises if a person, alone or, where such person is an individual, together with his or 
her partner (statutorily defined term), directly or indirectly, holds or is deemed to hold: (1) an 
interest of 5 per cent. or more of the total issued capital of the Issuer or of 5 per cent. or more of 
the issued capital of a certain class of shares of the Issuer; (2) rights to acquire, directly or 
indirectly, such interest; or (3) certain profit sharing rights in the Issuer; 
(ii) 
investment institutions (fiscale beleggingsinstellingen); 
(iii) 
pension funds, exempt investment institutions (vrijgestelde beleggingsinstellingen) or other 
Netherlands tax resident entities that are not subject to or exempt from Dutch corporate income 
tax; 
(iv) 
persons to whom the Instruments and the income from the Instruments are attributed based on the 
separated private assets (afgezonderd particulier vermogen) provisions of the Dutch Income Tax 
Act 2001 (Wet inkomstenbelasting 2001); 
(v) 
entities which are a resident of Aruba, Curaçao or Sint Maarten that have an enterprise which is 
carried on through a permanent establishment or a permanent representative on Bonaire, Sint 
Eustatius or Saba and the Instruments are attributable to such permanent establishment or 
permanent representative; and 
(vi) 
individuals for whom the Instruments or the income therefrom are attributable to employment 
activities which are taxed as employment income in the Netherlands. 
Where this summary refers to the Netherlands, such reference is restricted to the part of the Kingdom of 
the Netherlands that is situated in Europe and the legislation applicable in that part of the Kingdom. 
Withholding Tax 
With respect to Instruments issued by EDP B.V., all payments made by EDP B.V. under the Instruments 
may be made free of withholding or deduction for any taxes of whatsoever nature imposed, levied, withheld 
or assessed by the Netherlands or any political subdivision or taxing authority thereof or therein, provided 
that the Instruments do not in fact function as equity of EDP B.V. within the meaning of article 10, 
paragraph 1, under d of the Netherlands Corporate Income Tax Act 1969 (Wet op de 
vennootschapsbelasting 1969). 
However, as of 1 January 2021 Dutch withholding tax may apply on certain (deemed) payments of interest 
made by EDP B.V. to an affiliated (gelieerde) entity of EDP B.V. if such entity (i) is considered to be 
resident of a jurisdiction that is listed in the yearly updated Dutch Regulation on low-taxing states and 
noncooperative jurisdictions for tax purposes (Regeling laagbelastende staten en niet-coöperatieve 
rechtsgebieden voor belastingdoeleinden), or (ii) has a permanent establishment located in such jurisdiction 
to which the interest is attributable, or (iii) is entitled to the interest payable for the main purpose or one of 
the main purposes to avoid taxation of another person, or (iv) is not considered to be the recipient of the 
interest in its jurisdiction of residence because such jurisdiction treats another (lower-tier) entity as the

--- Page 226 ---
- 224 - 
 
 
recipient of the interest (hybrid mismatch), or (v) is not resident in any jurisdiction (also a hybrid mismatch), 
all within the meaning of the Dutch Withholding Tax Act 2021 (Wet bronbelasting 2021). 
With respect to Instruments issued by EDP, all payments made by EDP under the Instruments may be made 
free of withholding or deduction for any taxes of whatsoever nature imposed, levied, withheld or assessed 
by the Netherlands or any political subdivision or taxing authority thereof or therein. 
Corporate and Individual Income Tax 
(a) 
Residents of the Netherlands 
If a holder is a resident or deemed to be a resident of the Netherlands for Dutch corporate income 
tax purposes and is fully subject to Dutch corporate income tax or is only subject to Dutch corporate 
income tax in respect of an enterprise to which the Instruments are attributable, income derived 
from the Instruments and gains realised upon the redemption, settlement or disposal of the 
Instruments are generally taxable in the Netherlands (up to a maximum rate of 25 per cent.). 
If an individual is a resident of the Netherlands or deemed to be a resident of the Netherlands for 
Dutch tax purposes, income derived from the Instruments and gains realised upon the redemption, 
settlement or disposal of the Instruments are taxable at the progressive rates (at up to a maximum 
rate of 49.50 per cent.) under the Dutch Income Tax Act 2001, if: 
(i) 
the individual is an entrepreneur (ondernemer) and has an enterprise to which the 
Instruments are attributable or the individual has, other than as a shareholder, a co-
entitlement to the net worth of an enterprise (medegerechtigde), to which enterprise the 
Instruments are attributable; or 
(ii) 
such income or gains qualify as income from miscellaneous activities (resultaat uit 
overige werkzaamheden), which include the performance by the individual of activities 
with respect to the Instruments that exceed regular, active portfolio management (normaal, 
actief vermogensbeheer). 
If neither condition (i) nor condition (ii) applies, an individual that holds the Instruments must 
determine taxable income with regard to the Instruments on the basis of a deemed return on savings 
and investments (sparen en beleggen), rather than on the basis of income actually received or gains 
actually realised. This deemed return on savings and investments is fixed at a percentage of the 
individual's yield basis (rendementsgrondslag) at the beginning of the calendar year (1 January), 
insofar as the individual's yield basis exceeds a statutory threshold (heffingvrij vermogen). The 
individual's yield basis is determined as the fair market value of certain qualifying assets held by 
the individual less the fair market value of certain qualifying liabilities on 1 January. The fair 
market value of the Instruments will be included as an asset in the individual's yield basis. The 
deemed return on income from savings and investments is taxed at a rate of 31 per cent. 
(b) 
Non-residents of the Netherlands 
If a person is not a resident nor is deemed to be a resident of the Netherlands for Dutch corporate 
or individual income tax purposes, such person is not liable for Dutch income tax in respect of 
income derived from the Instruments and gains realised upon the settlement, redemption or 
disposal of the Instruments, unless: 
(i) 
the person is not an individual and such person: (1) has an enterprise that is, in whole or 
in part, carried on through a permanent establishment or a permanent representative in the 
Netherlands to which permanent establishment or permanent representative the 
Instruments are attributable; or (2) is (other than by way of securities) entitled to a share 
in the profits of an enterprise or a co-entitlement to the net worth of an enterprise, which 
is effectively managed in the Netherlands and to which enterprise the Instruments are 
attributable. 
This income is subject to Dutch corporate income tax at up to a maximum rate of 25 per 
cent.

--- Page 227 ---
- 225 - 
 
 
(ii) 
the person is an individual and such person: (1) has an enterprise or an interest in an 
enterprise that is, in whole or in part, carried on through a permanent establishment or a 
permanent representative in the Netherlands to which permanent establishment or 
permanent representative the Instruments are attributable; or (2) realises income or gains 
with respect to the Instruments that qualify as income from miscellaneous activities 
(resultaat uit overige werkzaamheden) in the Netherlands, which include activities in the 
Netherlands with respect to the Instruments which exceed regular, active portfolio 
management (normaal, actief vermogensbeheer); or (3) is (other than by way of securities) 
entitled to a share in the profits of an enterprise which is effectively managed in the 
Netherlands and to which enterprise the Instruments are attributable. 
Income derived from the Instruments as specified under (1) and (2) is subject to individual income 
tax at progressive rates up to a maximum rate of 49.50 per cent. Income derived from a share in 
the profits of an enterprise as specified under (3) that is not already included under (1) or (2) will 
be taxed on the basis of a deemed return on savings and investments (as described above under 
"Residents of the Netherlands"). The fair market value of the share in the profits of the enterprise 
(which includes the Instruments) will be part of the individual's yield basis. 
Gift and Inheritance Tax 
Dutch gift or inheritance taxes will not be levied on the occasion of the transfer of the Instruments by way 
of gift by, or on the death of, a holder of the Instruments, unless: 
(i) 
the holder of the Instruments is, or is deemed to be, resident in the Netherlands for the purpose of 
the relevant provisions; or 
(ii) 
the transfer is construed as an inheritance or gift made by, or on behalf of, a person who, at the 
time of the gift or death, is or is deemed to be resident in the Netherlands for the purpose of the 
relevant provisions. 
Value Added Tax 
In general, no value added tax will arise in respect of payments in consideration for the issue of the 
Instruments or in respect of a cash payment made under the Instruments, or in respect of a transfer of 
Instruments. 
Other Taxes and Duties 
No registration tax, customs duty, transfer tax, stamp duty or any other similar documentary tax or duty 
will be payable in the Netherlands by a holder in respect of or in connection with the subscription, issue, 
placement, allotment, delivery or transfer of the Instruments. 
The Proposed Financial Transactions Tax ("FTT") 
On 14 February 2013 the EC published a proposal (the "Commission's Proposal") for a Directive for a 
common FTT in Belgium, Germany, Estonia, Greece, Spain, France, Italy, Austria, Portugal, Slovenia and 
Slovakia (the "participating Member States"). However, Estonia has since stated that it will not 
participate. 
The Commission's Proposal has a very broad scope and could, if introduced, apply to certain dealings in 
the Instruments (including secondary market transactions) in certain circumstances. Primary market 
transactions referred to in Article 5(c) of Regulation (EC) No 1287/2006 are expected to be exempt. Under 
the Commission's Proposal, the FTT could apply in certain circumstances to persons both within and outside 
of the participating Member States. Generally, it would apply to certain dealings in the Instruments where 
at least one party is a financial institution, and at least one party is established in a participating Member 
State. A financial institution may be, or be deemed to be, "established" in a participating Member State in 
a broad range of circumstances, including: (a) by transacting with a person established in a participating 
Member State; or (b) where the financial instrument which is subject to the dealings is issued in a 
participating Member State.

--- Page 228 ---
- 226 - 
 
 
However, the FTT proposal remains subject to negotiation between participating Member States. It may 
therefore be altered prior to any implementation, the timing of which remains unclear. Additional EU 
Member States may decide to participate. 
Prospective holders of the Instruments are advised to seek their own professional advice in relation to the 
FTT. 
Foreign Account Tax Compliance Act 
Pursuant to certain provisions of the U.S. Internal Revenue Code of 1986, commonly known as FATCA, a 
"foreign financial institution" (as defined by FATCA) may be required to withhold on certain payments it 
makes ("foreign passthru payments") to persons that fail to meet certain certification, reporting or related 
requirements. The Issuers may be foreign financial institutions for these purposes. A number of jurisdictions 
(including Portugal and the Netherlands) have entered into, or have agreed in substance to, 
intergovernmental agreements with the United States to implement FATCA ("IGAs"), which modify the 
way in which FATCA applies in their jurisdictions. Under the provisions of IGAs as currently in effect, a 
foreign financial institution in an IGA jurisdiction would generally not be required to withhold under 
FATCA or an IGA with respect to payments that it makes. Certain aspects of the application of the FATCA 
provisions and IGAs to Instruments, including whether withholding would ever be required pursuant to 
FATCA or an IGA with respect to payments on Instruments, are uncertain and may be subject to change. 
Even if withholding would be required pursuant to FATCA or an IGA with respect to payments on 
Instruments, such withholding would not apply prior to the date that is two years after the date on which 
final regulations defining foreign passthru payments are published in the U.S. Federal Register and 
Instruments characterised as debt (or which are not otherwise characterised as equity and have a fixed term) 
for U.S. federal tax purposes that are issued on or prior to the date that is six months after the date on which 
final regulations defining foreign passthru payments are published generally would be grandfathered for 
purposes of FATCA withholding unless materially modified after such date (including by reason of a 
substitution of the relevant Issuer). However, if additional Instruments as described under "Terms and 
Conditions of the Instruments — Further Issues" that are not distinguishable from previously issued 
Instruments are issued after the expiration of the grandfathering period and are subject to withholding under 
FATCA, then withholding agents may treat all Instruments, including the Instruments offered prior to the 
expiration of the grandfathering period, as subject to withholding under FATCA. 
Holders should consult their own tax advisers regarding how these rules may apply to their investment in 
Instruments. 
Neither the Issuers nor the Keep Well Provider are obliged to gross up any amounts which may be withheld 
or deducted pursuant to FATCA.

--- Page 229 ---
- 227 - 
 
 
SUBSCRIPTION AND SALE 
Instruments may be sold from time to time by the Issuer to any one or more of Banco Bilbao Vizcaya 
Argentaria, S.A., Banco Comercial Português, S.A., Banco Santander Totta, S.A., Barclays Bank Ireland 
PLC, BNP Paribas, Caixa - Banco de Investimento, S.A., CaixaBank, S.A., Citigroup Global Markets 
Europe AG, Deutsche Bank Aktiengesellschaft, Haitong Bank S.A., HSBC Continental Europe, J.P. 
Morgan AG, Mizuho Securities Europe GmbH, Morgan Stanley Europe SE, MUFG Securities (Europe) 
N.V., NatWest Markets N.V., and Société Générale (the "Dealers"). The arrangements under which 
Instruments may from time to time be agreed to be sold by the Issuer to, and purchased by, Dealers are set 
out in an amended and restated dealership agreement dated 13 September 2021 (the "Dealership 
Agreement") and made between the Issuer and the Dealers. Any such agreement will, inter alia, make 
provision for the form and terms and conditions of the relevant Instruments, the price at which such 
Instruments will be purchased by the Dealers and the commissions or other agreed deductibles (if any) 
payable or allowable by the Issuer in respect of such purchase. The Dealership Agreement makes provision 
for the resignation or termination of appointment of existing Dealers and for the appointment of additional 
or other Dealers either generally in respect of the Programme or in relation to a particular Tranche of 
Instruments. The Dealership Agreement provides that the obligations of Dealers to subscribe for 
Instruments may be subject to certain conditions precedent. Instruments may be offered by the Issuer or the 
Dealers to any Investors, subject to the restrictions described below. 
United States of America 
Regulation S Category 2; TEFRA D, unless TEFRA C or TEFRA not applicable is specified as applicable 
in the relevant Final Terms. 
Instruments have not been and will not be registered under the United States Securities Act of 1933, as 
amended (the "Securities Act"), or the securities laws of any state or other jurisdiction of the United States 
and may not be offered or sold within the United States or to, or for the account or benefit of, U.S. persons 
except in certain transactions exempt from, or not subject to, the registration requirements of the Securities 
Act. Terms used in the preceding sentence have the meanings given to them by Regulation S under the 
Securities Act. 
Instruments in bearer form are subject to U.S. tax law requirements and may not be offered, sold or 
delivered within the United States or its possessions or to U.S. persons, except in certain transactions 
permitted by U.S. Treasury regulations. Terms used in the preceding sentence have the meanings given to 
them by the U.S. Internal Revenue Code of 1986 and Treasury regulations promulgated thereunder. 
Each Dealer has represented and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be 
required to represent and agree, that, except as permitted by the Dealership Agreement, it will not offer, 
sell or deliver Instruments: (1) as part of their distribution at any time; or (2) otherwise until 40 days after 
the completion of the distribution of the Instruments comprising the relevant Tranche, within the United 
States or to or for the account or benefit of U.S. persons except in accordance with Regulation S of the 
Securities Act, and such Dealer will have sent to each dealer to which it sells Instruments during the 
restricted period relating thereto a confirmation or other notice setting forth the restrictions on offers and 
sales of the Instruments within the United States or to or for the account or benefit of U.S. persons. 
In addition, until 40 days after the commencement of the offering of Instruments comprising any Tranche, 
any offer or sale of Instruments within the United States by any dealer (whether or not participating in the 
offering) may violate the registration requirements of the Securities Act if such offer or sale is made 
otherwise than in accordance with an available exemption from registration under the Securities Act. 
Prohibition of sales to EEA Retail Investors 
Unless the Final Terms in respect of any Instruments specifies the "Prohibition of Sales to EEA Retail 
Investors" as "Not Applicable", each Dealer has represented and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed 
under the Programme will be required to represent and agree, that it has not offered, sold or otherwise made 
available and will not offer, sell or otherwise make available any Instruments which are the subject of the 
offering contemplated by this Base Prospectus as completed by the Final Terms in relation thereto to any 
retail investor in the EEA. For the purposes of this provision the expression "retail investor" means a 
person who is one (or more) of the following:

--- Page 230 ---
- 228 - 
 
 
(i) 
a retail client as defined in point (11) of Article 4(1) of MiFID II; or 
(ii) 
a customer within the meaning of the Insurance Distribution Directive, where that 
customer would not qualify as a professional client as defined in point (10) of Article 4(1) 
of MiFID II. 
Prohibition of sales to UK Retail Investors 
Unless the Final Terms in respect of any Instruments specifies "Prohibition of Sales to UK Retail Investors" 
as "Not Applicable", each Dealer has represented and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the 
Programme will be required to represent and agree, that it has not offered, sold or otherwise made available 
and will not offer, sell or otherwise make available any Instruments which are the subject of the offering 
contemplated by this Base Prospectus as completed by the Final Terms in relation thereto to any retail 
investor in the UK.  For the purposes of this provision the expression "retail investor" means a person who 
is one (or more) of the following: 
(i) 
a retail client, as defined in point (8) of Article 2 of Regulation (EU) No 2017/565 as it 
forms part of UK domestic law by virtue of the EUWA; or 
(ii) 
a customer within the meaning of the provisions of the FSMA and any rules or regulations 
made under the FSMA to implement Directive (EU) 2016/97, where that customer would 
not qualify as a professional client, as defined in point (8) of Article 2(1) of Regulation 
(EU) No 600/2014 as it forms part of UK domestic law by virtue of the EUWA. 
Other UK regulatory restrictions 
Each Dealer has represented and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be 
required to represent and agree, that: 
(1) 
it has only communicated or caused to be communicated, and will only communicate or cause to 
be communicated, any invitation or inducement to engage in investment activity (within the 
meaning of section 21 of the FSMA) received by it in connection with the issue or sale of any 
Instruments in circumstances in which section 21(1) of the FSMA does not apply to the Issuer; and 
(2) 
it has complied and will comply with all applicable provisions of the FSMA with respect to 
anything done by it in relation to such Instruments in, from or otherwise involving the United 
Kingdom. 
Belgium 
Other than in respect of Instruments for which "Prohibition of Sales to Belgian Consumers" is specified 
as "Not Applicable" in the applicable Final Terms, each Dealer has represented and agreed, and each 
further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be required to represent and agree, that an offering of 
Instruments may not be advertised to any individual in Belgium qualifying as a consumer within the 
meaning of Article I.1 of the Belgian Code of Economic Law, as amended from time to time (a "Belgian 
Consumer") and that it has not offered, sold or resold, transferred or delivered, and will not offer, sell, 
resell, transfer or deliver, the Instruments, and that it has not distributed, and will not distribute, any 
prospectus, memorandum, information circular, brochure or any similar documents in relation to the 
Instruments, directly or indirectly, to any Belgian Consumer. 
France 
Each Dealer has represented agreed that it has only offered or sold and will only offer or sell, directly or 
indirectly, Instruments in France to qualified investors (investisseurs qualifiés) as defined in Article L.411-
2 1° of the French Code monétaire et financier and it has only distributed or caused to be distributed and 
will only distribute or cause to be distributed in France to such qualified investors this Base Prospectus, any 
Final Terms or any other offering material relating to the Instruments. 
The Netherlands 
For selling restrictions in respect of The Netherlands, see "Prohibition of Sales to EEA and UK Retail 
Investors" above and in addition, each Dealer has represented and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed

--- Page 231 ---
- 229 - 
 
 
under the Programme will be required to represent and agree, that Zero Coupon Instruments (as defined 
below) in definitive bearer form and other Instruments in definitive bearer form on which interest does not 
become due and payable during their term but only at maturity, and which qualify as savings certificates 
(spaarbewijzen) as defined in The Netherlands Savings Certificates Act (Wet inzake spaarbewijzen, the 
"SCA") may only be transferred and accepted, directly or indirectly, within, from or into The Netherlands 
through the mediation of either the Issuers or a member of Euronext Amsterdam N.V. with due observance 
of the provisions of the SCA and its implementing regulations (which include registration requirements). 
No such mediation is required, however, in respect of: (i) the initial issue of such Instruments to the first 
holders thereof; (ii) the transfer and acceptance by individuals who do not act in the conduct of a profession 
or business; and (iii) the issue and trading of such Instruments if they are physically issued outside The 
Netherlands and are not immediately thereafter distributed in The Netherlands. 
As used herein "Zero Coupon Instruments" are Instruments that are in bearer form and that constitute a 
claim for a fixed sum against the respective Issuer and on which interest does not become due during their 
tenor or on which no interest is due whatsoever. 
Portugal  
Each Dealer has represented and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be 
required to represent and agree, that the Instruments may not be and will not be offered to the public in 
Portugal under circumstances which are deemed to be a public offer under the Portuguese Securities Code 
(Código dos Valores Mobiliários) enacted by Decree-Law no. 486/99, of 13 November 1999 (as amended 
and restated from time to time) (or under any legislation which may replace or complement it in this respect 
from time to time) unless the requirements and provisions applicable to the public offering in Portugal are 
met and registration, filing, approval or recognition procedures with the CMVM are made. In addition, each 
Dealer has represented and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be required 
to represent and agree, that other than in compliance with all applicable provisions of the Portuguese 
Securities Code (or under any legislation which may replace or complement it in this respect from time to 
time), the Prospectus Regulation and any applicable CMVM Regulations and all relevant Portuguese 
securities laws and regulations, in any such case that may be applicable to it in respect of any offer or sale 
of Instruments by it in Portugal or to individuals or entities resident in Portugal or having permanent 
establishment located in Portuguese territory, as the case may be, including compliance with the rules and 
regulations that require the publication of a prospectus, when applicable: (1) it has not directly or indirectly 
taken any action or offered, advertised, marketed, invited to subscribe, gathered investment intentions, sold, 
re-sold, re-offered or delivered and will not directly or indirectly take any action, offer, advertise, invite to 
subscribe, gather investment intentions, sell, re-sell, re-offer or deliver any Instruments in circumstances 
which could qualify as a public offer (oferta pública) of securities pursuant to the Portuguese Securities 
Code (or under any legislation which may replace or complement it in this respect from time to time), 
notably in circumstances which could qualify as a public offer addressed to individuals or entities resident 
in Portugal or having permanent establishment located in Portuguese territory, as the case may be; (2) it 
has not distributed, made available or cause to be distributed, and will not distribute, make available or 
cause to be distributed, the Base Prospectus or any other offering material relating to the Instruments to the 
public in Portugal; and will comply with all applicable provisions of the Portuguese Securities Code (or 
under any legislation which may replace or complement it in this respect from time to time), the Prospectus 
Regulation and the Prospectus Delegated Regulations, and any applicable CMVM regulations and all 
relevant Portuguese securities laws and regulations, in any such case that may be applicable to it in respect 
of any offer or sale of Instruments by it in Portugal or to individuals or entities resident in Portugal or 
having a permanent establishment located in Portuguese territory, as the case may be and (3) that any such 
distribution shall only be authorised and performed to the extent that there is full compliance with such 
laws and regulations. For the purposes of this paragraph, "Prospectus Regulation" means Regulation (EU) 
2017/1129 of the European Parliament and of the Council of 14 June 2017 (as amended) and "Prospectus 
Delegated Regulations" means any delegated acts published in connection with the Prospectus Regulation 
which are in force at any determined time.  
Spain 
Neither the Instruments nor this Base Prospectus have been registered with the Spanish Securities Markets 
Commission (Comisión Nacional del Mercado de Valores).  Accordingly, the Instruments may not be 
offered, sold or distributed, nor may any subsequent resale of Instruments be carried out in Spain, except 
in circumstances which do not require the registration of a prospectus in Spain or without complying with 
all legal and regulatory requirements under Spanish securities laws.

--- Page 232 ---
- 230 - 
 
 
The Instruments may only be offered or sold in Spain by institutions authorised under the consolidated text 
of the Securities Market Law approved by Royal Legislative Decree 4/2015 of 23 October (Real Decreto 
Legislativo 4/2015, de 23 de octubre, por el que se aprueba el texto refundido de la Ley del Mercado de 
Valores) (the "Spanish Securities Market Law"), Royal Decree 217/2008 of 15 February on the legal 
regime applicable to investment services companies (Real Decreto 217/2008, de 15 de febrero, sobre el 
régimen jurídico de las empresas de servicios de inversión y de las demás entidades que prestan servicios 
de inversión) and related legislation to provide investment services in Spain and in accordance with the 
provisions of the Spanish Securities Market Law and further developing legislation. 
Japan 
The Instruments have not been and will not be registered under the Financial Instruments and Exchange 
Act of Japan (Act No. 25 of 1948, as amended, the "FIEA") and, each Dealer has represented and agreed, 
and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be required to represent and agree, that it will 
not offer or sell any Instruments directly or indirectly, in Japan or to, or for the benefit of, any resident of 
Japan, or to others for re-offering or resale, directly or indirectly, in Japan or to, or for the benefit of, a 
resident of Japan except pursuant to an exemption from the registration requirements of, and otherwise in 
compliance with, the FIEA and any other applicable laws, ministerial guidelines and regulations of Japan. 
As used in this paragraph, "resident of Japan" means any person resident in Japan, including any 
corporation or other entity organised under the laws of Japan 
Singapore 
Each Dealer has acknowledged, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be required 
to acknowledge, that this Base Prospectus has not been registered as a prospectus with the Monetary 
Authority of Singapore. Accordingly, each Dealer has represented, warranted and agreed, and each further 
Dealer appointed under the Programme will be required to represent, warrant and agree, that it has not 
offered or sold any Instruments or caused the Instruments to be made the subject of an invitation for 
subscription or purchase and will not offer or sell any Instruments or cause the Instruments to be made the 
subject of an invitation for subscription or purchase, and has not circulated or distributed, nor will it 
circulate or distribute, this Base Prospectus or any other document or material in connection with the offer 
or sale, or invitation for subscription or purchase, of the Instruments, whether directly or indirectly, to any 
person in Singapore other than: (i) to an institutional investor (as defined in Section 4A of the Securities 
and Futures Act (Chapter 289) of the SFA pursuant to Section 274 of the SFA; (ii) to a relevant person (as 
defined in Section 275(2) of the SFA) pursuant to Section 275(1) of the SFA, or any person pursuant to 
Section 275(1A) of the SFA, and in accordance with the conditions specified in Section 275 of the SFA; or 
(iii) otherwise pursuant to, and in accordance with the conditions of, any other applicable provision of the 
SFA. 
Where the Instruments are subscribed or purchased under Section 275 of the SFA by a relevant person 
which is: 
(a) 
a corporation (which is not an accredited investor (as defined in Section 4A of the SFA)) the sole 
business of which is to hold investments and the entire share capital of which is owned by one or 
more individuals, each of whom is an accredited investor; or 
(b) 
a trust (where the trustee is not an accredited investor) whose sole purpose is to hold investments 
and each beneficiary of the trust is an individual who is an accredited investor, 
securities or securities-based derivatives contracts (each term as defined in Section 2(1) of the SFA) of that 
corporation or the beneficiaries' rights and interest (howsoever described) in that trust shall not be

--- Page 233 ---
- 231 - 
 
 
transferred within six months after that corporation or that trust has acquired the Instruments pursuant to an 
offer made under Section 275 of the SFA except: 
(1) 
to an institutional investor or to a relevant person, or to any person arising from an offer referred 
to in Section 275(1A) or Section 276(4)(i)(B) of the SFA; 
(2) 
where no consideration is or will be given for the transfer; 
(3) 
where the transfer is by operation of law; 
(4) 
as specified in Section 276(7) of the SFA; or 
(5) 
as specified in Regulation 37A of the Securities and Futures (Offers of Investments) (Securities 
and Securities-based Derivatives Contracts) Regulations 2018. 
General 
Other than with respect to the listing of the Instruments on such stock exchange as may be specified in the 
Final Terms, no action has been or will be taken in any country or jurisdiction by the Issuer or the Dealers 
that would permit a public offering of Instruments, or possession or distribution of any offering material in 
relation thereto, in any country or jurisdiction where action for that purpose is required. Persons into whose 
hands this Base Prospectus or any Final Terms comes are required by the Issuer and the Dealers to comply 
with all applicable laws and regulations in each country or jurisdiction in or from which they purchase, 
offer, sell or deliver Instruments or have in their possession or distribute such offering material, in all cases 
at their own expense. 
The Dealership Agreement provides that the Dealers shall not be bound by any of the restrictions relating 
to any specific jurisdiction (set out above) to the extent that such restrictions shall, as a result of change(s) 
or change(s) in official interpretation, after the date hereof, in applicable laws and regulations, no longer be 
applicable but without prejudice to the obligations of the Dealers described in the paragraph headed 
"General" above.

--- Page 234 ---
- 232 - 
 
 
GENERAL INFORMATION 
Authorisation 
1. 
The establishment of the Programme was authorised by the Board of Directors of EDP at a meeting 
held on 21 September 1999 and by the management board of EDP B.V. at a meeting held on 8 
October 1999. The update of the Programme was authorised by the Executive Board of Directors 
of EDP at a meeting held on 20 July 2021 and by written resolutions of the management board of 
EDP B.V. on 30 July 2021. The Issuers have obtained or will obtain from time to time all necessary 
consents, approvals and authorisations in connection with the issue and performance of the 
Instruments and their respective obligations under the Trust Deed and the Keep Well Agreement. 
Legal and Arbitration Proceedings 
2. 
Save as described in "EDP and the EDP Group - Litigation ", none of EDP, EDP B.V. or any other 
member of the EDP Group is or has been involved in any governmental, legal or arbitration 
proceedings (including any proceedings which are pending or threatened of which EDP or EDP 
B.V. is aware) in the 12 months preceding the date of this document which may have or have had 
a significant effect on the financial position and profitability of EDP, EDP B.V. or the EDP Group. 
Significant/Material Change 
3. 
There has been no significant change in the financial performance or position of EDP, EDP B.V. 
or the EDP Group since 30 June 2021, and there has been no material adverse change in the 
prospects of EDP, EDP B.V. or the EDP Group since the date of their last published audited 
financial statements, being 31 December 2020.  
Auditors 
4. 
The independent auditors of EDP are PricewaterhouseCoopers & Associados - Sociedade de 
Revisores Oficiais de Contas, Lda., independent certified public accountants, who have audited the 
consolidated financial statements of the EDP Group as of and for the years ended on 31 December 
2020 and 31 December 2019 prepared in accordance with IFRS as adopted by the EU. With respect 
to the unaudited condensed consolidated interim financial information of EDP for the six month 
period ended 30 June 2021 incorporated by reference in this Base Prospectus, 
PricewaterhouseCoopers & Associados - Sociedade de Revisores Oficiais de Contas, Lda. have 
reported that they have applied limited procedures in accordance with professional standards for a 
review of such information. However, their report incorporated by reference in this Base 
Prospectus states that they did not audit and they do not express an opinion on that interim financial 
information. Accordingly, the degree of reliance on their report on such information should be 
restricted in light of the limited nature of the review procedures applied. PricewaterhouseCoopers 
& Associados - Sociedade de Revisores Oficiais de Contas, Lda. is a member of the Portuguese 
Institute of Statutory Auditors (Ordem dos Revisores Oficiais de Contas).  
5. 
PricewaterhouseCoopers Accountants N.V. are the independent auditors of EDP B.V. and audited 
its financial statements as of and for each of the financial years ended 31 December 2020 and 31 
December 2019, prepared in accordance with IFRS as adopted by the EU. PricewaterhouseCoopers 
Accountants N.V., the auditors of EDP Finance B.V., have consented to the incorporation by 
reference of their auditor's reports related to the aforementioned financial statements 2020 and 
2019 in this Base Prospectus. PricewaterhouseCoopers Accountants N.V. have no material interest 
in EDP B.V. The auditors signing the auditor's reports on behalf of PricewaterhouseCoopers 
Accountants N.V. are chartered accountants (registeraccountants) in the Netherlands and are 
members of the Royal Netherlands Institute of Chartered Accountants (Koninklijke Nederlandse 
Beroepsorganisatie van Accountants).  
6. 
The auditors of EDP and EDP B.V. have no material interest in EDP or EDP B.V., respectively. 
Documents on Display 
7. 
For the life of this Base Prospectus, the following documents will, when published, be available 
electronically (together with English translations in the case of paragraphs (i), (ii), (iii) and (iv) 
below) on EDP's website, https://www.edp.com/en, as follows:

--- Page 235 ---
- 233 - 
 
 
(i) 
the constitutional documents of EDP (as the same may be updated from time to time) (in 
the "Company's Data" section of EDP's website, accessible through "Investors – 
Corporate Governance"); 
(ii) 
the constitutional documents of EDP B.V. (as the same may be updated from time to time) 
(in the "Debt Programs" section of EDP's website, accessible through "Investors – Fixed 
Income"); 
(iii) 
the 2020 EDP Financial Statements and the 2020 EDP B.V. Financial Statements (in the 
"Results & Reports" section of EDP's website, accessible through "Investors – Investor 
Information"); 
(iv) 
the most recently published audited annual financial statements of EDP and EDP B.V. and 
the most recently published unaudited interim financial statements (if any) of EDP and 
EDP B.V. in each case together with any audit or review reports (if applicable) prepared 
in connection therewith (in the "Results & Reports" section of EDP's website, accessible 
through "Investors – Investor Information"); 
(v) 
the Trust Deed, the Interbolsa Instrument, the Keep Well Agreement, the Agency 
Agreement and the forms of the Instruments, the Receipts, the Coupons and the Talons (in 
the "Debt Programs" section of EDP's website, accessible through "Investors – Fixed 
Income"); 
(vi) 
a copy of this Base Prospectus (in the "Debt Programs" section of EDP's website, 
accessible through "Investors – Fixed Income"); and 
(vii) 
any future information memoranda, prospectuses, offering circulars, supplements and 
Final Terms (save that Final Terms relating to an Instrument which is neither admitted to 
trading on a regulated market in the European Economic Area nor offered in the European 
Economic Area in circumstances where a prospectus is required to be published under the 
Prospectus Regulation will only be available for inspection by a holder of such Instrument 
and such holder must produce evidence satisfactory to the relevant Paying Agent, as the 
case may be, as to its holding of Instruments and identity) to this Base Prospectus and any 
other documents incorporated herein or therein by reference. 
In addition, this Base Prospectus will be available on the website of Euronext Dublin 
(www.euronext.com/en/markets/Dublin). 
In relation to the documents referred to at (i), (ii), (iii) and (iv) above, the Issuers confirm that the 
translations thereof are true and accurate, however, in case of a discrepancy between the original 
document and the English translation thereof, the original document will prevail. 
Clearing of the Instruments 
8. 
The Instruments (other than Book Entry Instruments) have been accepted for clearance through 
Euroclear Bank and Clearstream, Luxembourg (which are the entities in charge of keeping records 
in respect of such Instruments). The appropriate common code and the International Securities 
Identification Number in relation to the Instruments of each Series will be specified in the Final 
Terms relating thereto. The Book Entry Instruments will be cleared through the clearing system 
operated by Interbolsa. The appropriate identification reference for a Tranche of Book Entry 
Instruments will be specified in the Final Terms. Book Entry Instruments shall only be 
denominated in euro or in such other currency as accepted for registration and settlement purposes 
by Interbolsa. The relevant Final Terms shall specify any other clearing system as shall have 
accepted the relevant Instruments for clearance together with any further appropriate information. 
The address of Euroclear is Euroclear Bank SA/NV, 1 Boulevard du Roi Albert II, B-1210 Brussels 
and the address of Clearstream, Luxembourg is Clearstream Banking S.A., 42 Avenue JF Kennedy, 
L-1855 Luxembourg. The address of Interbolsa is Avenida da Boavista, 3433 4100-138 Porto, 
Portugal. 
Denomination

--- Page 236 ---
- 234 - 
 
 
9. 
Instruments issued under this Programme will have a minimum denomination of €100,000 (or its 
equivalent in any other currency). 
Issue Price and Yield 
12. 
Instruments may be issued at any price. The price and amount of Instruments to be issued under 
the Programme will be determined by the Issuer and the relevant Dealer on or before the applicable 
Issue Date of the relevant Series of Instruments in accordance with prevailing market conditions 
and will be disclosed in the Final Terms. The Issue Price of the Instruments of any Series may be 
less than, equal to or greater than the par value of the relevant Instruments as at the Issue Date. 
13. 
The yield for any particular Series of Instruments will be calculated on the basis of the average 
annual rate of return if the relevant Instruments were to be purchased at the Issue Price on the Issue 
Date and held to maturity. The yield specified in the Final Terms in respect of a Series of 
Instruments will not be an indication of future yield. 
Ratings 
14. 
The ratings of the Issuers are set out at page 4 of this Base Prospectus. The applicable ratings of 
each of the relevant credit rating agencies have the following meanings: 
(i) 
Moody's – Baa3 
Moody's issuer ratings are opinions of the ability of entities to honour senior unsecured 
financial obligations and contracts. Obligations issued by issuers rated Baa3 are judged to 
be medium grade and subject to moderate credit risk and as such may possess certain 
speculative characteristics. The modifier 3 indicates a ranking in the lower end of this 
generic rating category. 
(ii) 
S&P – BBB 
An S&P issuer credit rating is a forward-looking opinion about an obligor's overall 
creditworthiness in order to pay its financial obligations. This opinion focuses on the 
obligor's capacity and willingness to meet its financial commitments as they come due. It 
does not apply to any specific financial obligation, as it does not take into account the 
nature of and provisions of the obligation, its standing in bankruptcy or liquidation, 
statutory preferences, or the legality and enforceability of the obligation. An obligor rated 
'BBB' has adequate capacity to meet its financial commitments. However, adverse 
economic conditions or changing circumstances are more likely to weaken the obligor's 
capacity to meet its financial commitments. 
(iii) 
Fitch – BBB 
In aggregate, Fitch's issuer credit ratings provide an ordinal ranking of issuers based on 
Fitch's view of their relative vulnerability to default on financial obligations. BBB ratings 
indicate that expectations of default risk are currently low. The capacity for payment of 
financial commitments is considered adequate but adverse business or economic 
conditions are more likely to impair this capacity.  
The information at paragraphs (i), (ii) and (iii) above has been extracted from the websites of 
Moody's (in the case of paragraph (i)), S&P (in the case of paragraph (ii)) and Fitch (in the case of 
paragraph (iii)). The Issuers confirm that such information has been accurately reproduced and that, 
so far as they are aware and are able to ascertain from information published by Moody's, S&P and 
Fitch respectively, no facts have been omitted which would render the reproduced information 
inaccurate or misleading. 
Listing Agent 
15. 
Arthur Cox Listing Services Limited is acting solely in its capacity as listing agent for the Issuers 
in relation to the Instruments and is not itself seeking admission of the Instruments to the Official 
List of Euronext Dublin or to trading on its regulated market for the purposes of the Prospectus 
Regulation.

--- Page 237 ---
- 235 - 
 
 
Conflicts of Interest 
16. 
Certain of the Dealers and their affiliates have engaged, and may in the future engage, in investment 
banking and/or commercial banking transactions with, and may perform services for, the Issuers 
and their affiliates in the ordinary course of business. Certain of the Dealers and their affiliates may 
have positions, deal or make markets in the Instruments issued under the Programme, related 
derivatives and reference obligations, including (but not limited to) entering into hedging strategies 
on behalf of the Issuers and their affiliates, investor clients, or as principal in order to manage their 
exposure, their general market risk, or other trading activities. 
In addition, in the ordinary course of their business activities, certain of the Dealers and their 
affiliates may make or hold a broad array of investments and actively trade debt and equity 
securities (or related derivative securities) and financial instruments (including bank loans) for 
their own account and for the accounts of their customers. Such investments and securities 
activities may involve securities and/or instruments of the Issuers or the Issuers' affiliates. Certain 
of the Dealers or their affiliates that have a lending relationship with the Issuers routinely hedge 
their credit exposure to the Issuers consistent with their customary risk management policies. 
Typically, such Dealers and their affiliates would hedge such exposure by entering into transactions 
which consist of either the purchase of credit default swaps or the creation of short positions in 
securities, including potentially the Instruments issued under the Programme. Any such positions 
could adversely affect future trading prices of Instruments issued under the Programme. Certain of 
the Dealers and their affiliates may also make investment recommendations and/or publish or 
express independent research views in respect of such securities or financial instruments and may 
hold, or recommend to clients that they acquire, long and/or short positions in such securities and 
instruments. 
Validity of prospectus and prospectus supplements 
17. 
For the avoidance of doubt, the Issuers do not have any obligation to supplement this Base 
Prospectus after the end of its 12-month validity period. The Issuers do not intend to provide any 
post-issuance information in relation to any issues of Instruments. 
Issuers' website 
18. 
EDP and EDP B.V.'s website is https://www.edp.com. Unless specifically incorporated by 
reference into this Base Prospectus, information contained on the website does not form part of 
this Base Prospectus. 
Legal Entity Identifier 
19. 
The Legal Entity Identifier code of EDP is 529900CLC3WDMGI9VH80. 
20. 
The Legal Entity Identifier code of EDP B.V. is 5299007L43AQDFOW5739.

--- Page 238 ---
ISSUERS 
REGISTERED OFFICE OF 
EDP FINANCE B.V. 
Luna Arena, Herikerbergweg 130 
1101 CM Amsterdam 
The Netherlands 
REGISTERED AND 
HEAD OFFICE OF EDP 
Av. 24 Julho, 12 
1249-300 Lisboa 
Portugal 
ARRANGER 
Morgan Stanley Europe SE 
Grosse Gallusstrasse 18 
60312 Frankfurt-am-Main 
Germany 
 
DEALERS 
Banco Bilbao Vizcaya Argentaria, S.A. 
Calle Sauceda, 28 
28050 Madrid 
Spain 
Banco Comercial Português, S.A. 
Av. Prof. Dr. Cavaco Silva (Tagus Park) 
Edifício 2, Piso 2 A 
2744-002 Porto Salvo 
Portugal 
Banco Santander Totta, S.A. 
Rua Aurea, 88 
1100-063 Lisbon 
Portugal 
Barclays Bank Ireland PLC 
One Molesworth Street 
Dublin 2 
D02RF29 
Ireland  
BNP Paribas 
16, boulevard des Italiens 
75009 Paris 
France 
Caixa - Banco de Investimento, S.A. 
Av. João XXI, 63 
1000-300 Lisbon 
Portugal 
 
CaixaBank, S.A. 
Calle Pintor Sorolla 2-4 
46002 Valencia 
Spain 
Citigroup Global Markets Europe AG 
Reuterweg 16 
60323 Frankfurt am Main 
Germany 
 
Deutsche Bank Aktiengesellschaft 
Mainzer Landstr. 11-17 
60329 Frankfurt am Main 
Germany 
 Haitong Bank, S.A. 
Rua Alexandre Herculano, 38 
1269-180 Lisbon 
Portugal 
 
HSBC Continental Europe 
38, avenue Kléber 
75116 Paris 
France 
 
ING Bank N.V. 
Foppingadreef 7 
1102 BD Amsterdam 
The Netherlands 
J.P. Morgan AG 
Taunustor 1 (TaunusTurm) 
60310 Frankfurt am Main 
Germany 
Mizuho Securities Europe GmbH 
Taunustor 1 
60310 Frankfurt am Main 
Germany

--- Page 239 ---
Morgan Stanley Europe SE 
Grosse Gallusstrasse 18 
60312 Frankfurt-am-Main 
Germany 
 
MUFG Securities (Europe) N.V. 
World Trade Center, Tower H, 11th Floor 
Zuidplein 98 
1077 XV Amsterdam 
The Netherlands 
 
NatWest Markets N.V. 
Claude Debussylaan 94 
1082 MD Amsterdam 
The Netherlands 
Société Générale 
29, boulevard Haussmann 
75009 Paris 
France 
 
AUDITORS 
To EDP 
PricewaterhouseCoopers & Associados - Sociedade de Revisores Oficiais de Contas, Lda. 
Palácio Sottomayor 
Rua Sousa Martins, 1 - 3º 
1069-316 Lisboa 
Portugal 
To EDP B.V. 
PricewaterhouseCoopers Accountants N.V. 
Thomas R. Malthusstraat 5 
1066 JR Amsterdam 
The Netherlands 
TRUSTEE 
Deutsche Trustee Company Limited 
Winchester House 
1 Great Winchester Street 
London EC2N 2DB 
United Kingdom 
ISSUE AND PAYING AGENT 
Deutsche Bank AG, London Branch 
Winchester House 
1 Great Winchester Street 
London EC2N 2DB 
United Kingdom 
REGISTRAR AND PAYING AGENT 
PORTUGUESE PAYING AGENT 
Deutsche Bank Luxembourg S.A. 
2 Boulevard Konrad Adenauer 
L-1115 Luxembourg 
Deutsche Bank Aktiengesellschaft – Sucursal 
em Portugal 
Rua Castilho, no. 20 
1250-069 Lisbon 
Portugal 
LISTING AGENT 
Arthur Cox Listing Services Limited 
Ten Earlsfort Terrace 
Dublin 2 
Ireland

--- Page 240 ---
LEGAL ADVISERS 
To EDP 
as to English law 
Clifford Chance LLP 
10 Upper Bank Street 
London E14 5JJ 
United Kingdom 
To EDP 
as to Portuguese law 
Morais Leitão, Galvão Teles, Soares da Silva 
& Associados, Sociedade de Advogados, S.P., 
R.L. 
Rua Castilho, 165 
1070-050 Lisbon 
Portugal 
To EDP B.V. 
as to Dutch law 
Allen & Overy LLP 
Apollolaan 15 
1077 AB Amsterdam 
The Netherlands 
 
To the Dealers and the Trustee 
as to English law 
Allen & Overy LLP 
One Bishops Square 
London E1 6AD 
United Kingdom 
To the Dealers and the Trustee 
as to Portuguese law 
Vieira de Almeida & Associados 
Sociedade de Advogados, S.P. R.L. 
Rua Dom Luís I, 28 
1200-151 Lisbon 
Portugal