--- Page 1 ---
- 1 - 
 
 
BASE PROSPECTUS 
 
 
 
EDP – ENERGIAS DE PORTUGAL, S.A. 
(incorporated with limited liability in the Portuguese Republic) 
EDP FINANCE B.V. 
(incorporated with limited liability in the Netherlands and having its statutory seat in Amsterdam) 
 
€15,000,000,000 
Programme for the Issuance of Debt Instruments 
Under this €15,000,000,000 programme for the issuance of debt instruments (the "Programme"), EDP – Energias de Portugal, S.A. ("EDP") and EDP 
Finance B.V. ("EDP B.V." and together with EDP, the "Issuers" and each an "Issuer") may from time to time issue senior instruments (the "Senior 
Instruments") and, in the case of EDP only, subordinated instruments (the "Subordinated Instruments" and, together with the Senior Instruments, the 
"Instruments") as agreed between the relevant Issuer and the relevant Dealer (as defined herein). References to "Instruments" herein should be construed 
accordingly. 
The Instruments issued by EDP B.V. will not be guaranteed by EDP but EDP B.V. has the benefit of the Keep Well Agreement executed by EDP as 
more fully described herein under "Relationship of EDP B.V. With EDP". 
The maximum aggregate nominal amount of all Instruments from time to time outstanding under the Programme will not exceed €15,000,000,000 (or its 
equivalent in other currencies calculated as described in the Dealership Agreement described herein), subject to increase as described herein. 
An investment in Instruments issued under the Programme involves certain risks. For a discussion of these risks see "Risk Factors". 
This Base Prospectus has been approved by the Central Bank of Ireland (the "Central Bank"), as competent authority under Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 
(the "Prospectus Regulation"). This Base Prospectus is valid within twelve months from the date of this Base Prospectus. The obligation to supplement 
this Base Prospectus in the event of significant new factors, material mistakes or material inaccuracies will not apply when the Base Prospectus is no 
longer valid. The Central Bank only approves this Base Prospectus as meeting the standards of completeness, comprehensibility and consistency imposed 
by the Prospectus Regulation. Such approval should not be considered as an endorsement of the Issuers nor as an endorsement of the quality of the 
Instruments that are the subject of the Base Prospectus. 
Investors should make their own assessment as to the suitability of investing in the Instruments. Such approval relates only to Instruments which are to 
be admitted to trading on a regulated market for the purposes of Directive 2014/65/EU (as amended, "MiFID II") and/or which are to be offered to the 
public in any Member State of the European Economic Area. Application has been made to the Irish Stock Exchange plc trading as Euronext Dublin 
("Euronext Dublin") for Instruments issued under the Programme within 12 months of this Base Prospectus to be admitted to the official list of Euronext 
Dublin (the "Official List") and trading on its regulated market. 
References in this Base Prospectus to the Instruments being "listed" (and all related references) shall mean that the Instruments have been admitted to 
the Official List and to trading on the regulated market of Euronext Dublin. The Programme also permits Instruments to be issued on the basis that they 
will not be admitted to listing, trading and/or quotation by any competent authority, stock exchange and/or quotation system or will be admitted to listing, 
trading and/or quotation by such other or further competent authorities, stock exchanges and/or quotation systems as may be agreed with the Issuer. The 
regulated market of Euronext Dublin is a regulated market for the purposes of MiFiD II. 
Notice of the aggregate nominal amount of Instruments, interest (if any) payable in respect of Instruments, the issue price of Instruments and certain 
other information which is applicable to each Tranche (as defined herein) of Instruments will be set out in a final terms document in respect of Senior 
Instruments (the "Senior Instruments Final Terms") or a final terms document in respect of Subordinated Instruments (the "Subordinated Instruments 
Final Terms" and, together with the Senior Instruments Final Terms, the "Final Terms") which, with respect to all Instruments to be admitted to the 
Official List, will be filed with the Central Bank. Copies of Final Terms in relation to Instruments to be admitted to the Official List and admitted to 
trading on Euronext Dublin will also be published on the website of Euronext Dublin (https://live.euronext.com/). Any website referred to in this 
document does not form part of this Base Prospectus and has not been scrutinised or approved by the Central Bank. 
The Instruments have not been and will not be registered under the U.S. Securities Act of 1933, as amended (the "Securities Act") or any U.S. State 
securities laws and may not be offered or sold in the United States or to, or for the account or the benefit of, U.S. persons as defined in Regulation S 
under the Securities Act unless an exemption from the registration requirements of the Securities Act is available and in accordance with all applicable 
securities laws of any state of the United States and any other jurisdiction. 
Instruments issued under the Programme may be rated or unrated by any one or more of the ratings agencies referred to herein. 
Arranger for the Programme 
MORGAN STANLEY 
Dealers 
Banco Bilbao Vizcaya Argentaria, S.A. 
Banco Santander Totta, S.A. 
Barclays 
BNP PARIBAS 
Caixa - Banco de Investimento, S.A. 
CaixaBank 
Citigroup 
Deutsche Bank 
HSBC 
ING 
J.P. Morgan 
Millennium Investment Banking 
Mizuho Securities 
Morgan Stanley 
MUFG 
NatWest Markets 
Société Générale Corporate & Investment Banking 
UniCredit Bank 
 
13 September 2022

--- Page 2 ---
- i - 
 
 
IMPORTANT INFORMATION 
This Base Prospectus comprises a base prospectus for the purposes of Article 8 of the Prospectus 
Regulation. 
EDP B.V. as Issuer and EDP in its capacity as Issuer and as Keep Well Provider accept responsibility for 
the information contained in this Base Prospectus and the Final Terms for each Tranche of Instruments 
issued under the Programme. To the best of the knowledge of EDP and EDP B.V., the information contained 
in this Base Prospectus is in accordance with the facts and does not omit anything likely to affect its import. 
This Base Prospectus should be read and construed with any amendment or supplement thereto and with 
any other documents incorporated by reference (see "Documents Incorporated by Reference") and, in 
relation to any Tranche of Instruments which is the subject of Final Terms, such Final Terms should be 
read and construed on the basis that those documents are incorporated in and form part of this Base 
Prospectus. The language of the Base Prospectus is English. Certain legislative references and technical 
terms have been cited in their original language in order that the correct technical meaning may be ascribed 
to them under applicable law. 
Other than in relation to the documents which are deemed to be incorporated by reference (see "Documents 
Incorporated by Reference"), the information on the websites to which this Base Prospectus refers does not 
form part of this Base Prospectus. 
Each Issuer has confirmed to the Dealers and Deutsche Trustee Company Limited (the "Trustee") that this 
Base Prospectus is true, accurate and complete in all material respects and is not misleading; that the 
opinions and intentions expressed herein are honestly held and based on reasonable assumptions; that there 
are no other facts in relation to the information contained or incorporated by reference in this Base 
Prospectus the omission of which would, in the context of the Programme or the issue of Instruments, make 
any statement herein or opinions or intentions expressed herein misleading in any material respect; and that 
all reasonable enquiries have been made to verify the foregoing. Each Issuer has further confirmed to the 
Dealers and the Trustee that this Base Prospectus (together with the applicable Final Terms) contains all 
such information as may be required by all applicable laws, rules and regulations. 
No person has been authorised by EDP, EDP B.V., any of the Dealers or the Trustee to give any information 
or to make any representation not contained in or not consistent with this Base Prospectus or any other 
document entered into in relation to the Programme or any information supplied by EDP and/or EDP B.V. 
or such other information as is in the public domain and, if given or made, such information or 
representation should not be relied upon as having been authorised by the Issuers, any of the Dealers, or 
the Trustee. 
Third party information has been included in this Base Prospectus. Where such third party information has 
been used the source of such information has been specified. Each Issuer confirms that such information 
has been accurately reproduced and that, so far as it is aware and is able to ascertain from information 
published by the relevant source, no facts have been omitted which would render the reproduced 
information inaccurate or misleading. 
None of the Dealers makes any representation as to the suitability of any Instruments issued under the 
Programme the net proceeds of which (or an amount equal thereto) are intended to be used towards the 
financing and/or refinancing of Eligible Green Projects (as defined below). The Dealers have not 
undertaken, nor are they responsible for, any assessment or verification of the Eligible Green Projects and 
their impact, or monitoring of the use of the net proceeds of any such Instruments (or amounts equal 
thereto). Prospective investors should refer to EDP's green bond framework (the "Green Bond 
Framework") and the Second Party Opinion (each as defined herein), and for the avoidance of doubt, 
neither EDP's Green Bond Framework nor the Second Party Opinion, is incorporated into, and/or forms 
part of, this Base Prospectus.  
Neither the Dealers nor the Trustee have independently verified the information contained herein. 
Accordingly, no representation, warranty or undertaking, express or implied, is made and no responsibility 
or liability is accepted by the Dealers or the Trustee or any of their respective affiliates: (i) as to the accuracy 
or completeness of the information contained or incorporated in this Base Prospectus or any other 
information provided by the Issuers in connection with the Programme; or (ii) for any acts or omissions of 
the Issuers or any other person in connection with this Base Prospectus or the issue and offering of

--- Page 3 ---
- ii - 
 
 
Instruments under the Programme. No Dealer or the Trustee accepts any liability in relation to the 
information contained or incorporated by reference in this Base Prospectus or any other information 
provided by the Issuers in connection with the Programme. 
Neither this Base Prospectus nor any other information supplied in connection with the Programme or any 
Instruments (a) is intended to provide the basis of any credit or other evaluation or (b) should be considered 
as a recommendation by the Issuers, any of the Dealers or the Trustee that any recipient of this Base 
Prospectus or any other information supplied in connection with the Programme or any Instruments should 
purchase any Instruments. Each investor contemplating purchasing any Instruments should make its own 
independent investigation of the financial condition and affairs, and its own appraisal of the 
creditworthiness, of the Issuers. Neither this Base Prospectus nor any other information supplied in 
connection with the Programme or the issue of any Instruments constitutes an offer or invitation by or on 
behalf of the Issuers, any of the Dealers or the Trustee to any person to subscribe for or to purchase any 
Instruments. 
Neither the delivery of this Base Prospectus nor the offering, sale or delivery of any Instruments shall in 
any circumstances imply that the information contained herein concerning the Issuers is correct at any time 
subsequent to the date hereof or that any other information supplied in connection with the Programme is 
correct as of any time subsequent to the date indicated in the document containing the same. The Dealers 
and the Trustee expressly do not undertake to review the financial condition or affairs of the Issuers during 
the life of the Programme or to advise any investor in the Instruments of any information coming to their 
attention. Investors should review, inter alia, the most recently published documents incorporated by 
reference into this Base Prospectus when deciding whether or not to purchase any Instruments. 
IMPORTANT - EEA RETAIL INVESTORS 
If the Final Terms in respect of any Instruments includes a legend entitled "Prohibition of Sales to EEA 
Retail Investors", the Instruments are not intended to be offered, sold or otherwise made available to and 
should not be offered, sold or otherwise made available to any retail investor in the European Economic 
Area (the "EEA"). For these purposes, a retail investor means a person who is one (or more) of: (i) a retail 
client as defined in point (11) of Article 4(1) of MiFID II; or (ii) a customer within the meaning of Directive 
(EU) 2016/97 (as amended, the "Insurance Distribution Directive"), where that customer would not 
qualify as a professional client as defined in point (10) of Article 4(1) of MiFID II. Consequently no key 
information document required by Regulation (EU) No 1286/2014 (as amended, the "EU PRIIPs 
Regulation") for offering or selling the Instruments or otherwise making them available to retail investors 
in the EEA will be prepared and therefore offering or selling the Instruments or otherwise making them 
available to any retail investor in the EEA may be unlawful under the EU PRIIPs Regulation. 
IMPORTANT - UK RETAIL INVESTORS 
If the Final Terms in respect of any Instruments includes a legend entitled "Prohibition of Sales to UK 
Retail Investors", the Instruments are not intended to be offered, sold or otherwise made available to and 
should not be offered, sold or otherwise made available to any retail investor in the UK. For these purposes, 
a retail investor means a person who is one (or more) of: (a) a retail client, as defined in point (8) of Article 
2 of Regulation (EU) No 2017/565 as it forms part of domestic law in the United Kingdom ("UK") by 
virtue of the EUWA; or (b) a customer within the meaning of the provisions of the Financial Services and 
Markets Act 2000 (as amended, the "FSMA") and any rules or regulations made under the FSMA to 
implement Directive (EU) 2016/97, where that customer would not qualify as a professional client, as 
defined in point (8) of Article 2(1) of Regulation (EU) No 600/2014 as it forms part of domestic law in the 
UK by virtue of EUWA. Consequently no key information document required by Regulation (EU) No 
1286/2014 as it forms part of domestic law in the UK by virtue of the EUWA (the "UK PRIIPs 
Regulation") for offering or selling the Instruments or otherwise making them available to retail investors 
in the UK has been prepared and therefore offering or selling the Instruments or otherwise making them 
available to any retail investor in the UK may be unlawful under the UK PRIIPs Regulation. 
MIFID II PRODUCT GOVERNANCE / TARGET MARKET 
A determination will be made in relation to each issue about whether, for the purpose of the Product 
Governance rules under Commission Delegated Directive (EU) 2017/593 of 7 April 2016 (the "MiFID 
Product Governance Rules"), any Dealer subscribing for any Instruments is a manufacturer in respect of

--- Page 4 ---
- iii - 
 
 
such Instruments, but otherwise neither the Arranger nor the Dealers nor any of their respective affiliates 
will be a manufacturer for the purpose of the MiFID Product Governance Rules. 
The Final Terms in respect of any Instruments may include a legend entitled "MiFID II product 
governance" which will outline the target market assessment in respect of the relevant Instruments and 
which channels for distribution of the relevant Instruments are appropriate. Any person subsequently 
offering, selling or recommending the relevant Instruments (a "distributor") should take into consideration 
the target market assessment; however, a distributor subject to MiFID II is responsible for undertaking its 
own target market assessment in respect of the relevant Instruments (by either adopting or refining the 
target market assessment) and determining appropriate distribution channels. 
UK MiFIR PRODUCT GOVERNANCE / TARGET MARKET 
A determination will be made in relation to each issue about whether, for the purpose of the FCA Handbook 
Product Intervention and Product Governance Sourcebook (the "UK MiFIR Product Governance 
Rules"), any Dealer subscribing for any Instruments is a manufacturer in respect of such Instruments, but 
otherwise neither the Arrangers nor the Dealers nor any of their respective affiliates will be a manufacturer 
for the purpose of the UK MiFIR Product Governance Rules. 
The Final Terms in respect of any Instruments may include a legend entitled "UK MiFIR Product 
Governance" which will outline the target market assessment in respect of the Instruments and which 
channels for distribution of the Instruments are appropriate. Any distributor should take into consideration 
the target market assessment; however, a distributor subject to the UK MiFIR Product Governance Rules 
is responsible for undertaking its own target market assessment in respect of the Instruments (by either 
adopting or refining the target market assessment) and determining appropriate distribution channels. 
BENCHMARKS REGULATION 
Interest and/or other amounts payable under the Instruments may be calculated by reference to certain 
reference rates. Any such reference rate may constitute a benchmark for the purposes of Regulation (EU) 
2016/1011 (the "EU Benchmarks Regulation"). If any such reference rate does constitute such a 
benchmark, the Final Terms will indicate whether or not the benchmark is provided by an administrator 
included in the register of administrators and benchmarks established and maintained by ESMA pursuant 
to Article 36 (Register of administrators and benchmarks) of the EU Benchmarks Regulation. Transitional 
provisions in the EU Benchmarks Regulation may have the result that the administrator of a particular 
benchmark is not required to appear in the register of administrators and benchmarks at the date of the Final 
Terms. The registration status of any administrator under the EU Benchmarks Regulation is a matter of 
public record and, save where required by applicable law, the relevant Issuer does not intend to update the 
Final Terms to reflect any change in the registration status of the administrator. 
PRODUCT CLASSIFICATION PURSUANT TO SECTION 309B  
OF THE SECURITIES AND FUTURES ACT 2001 (2020 REVISED EDITION) OF SINGAPORE 
The applicable Final Terms in respect of any Instruments may include a legend entitled "Singapore 
Securities and Futures Act Product Classification" which will state the product classification of the 
Instruments pursuant to section 309B(1) of the Securities and Futures Act 2001 (2020 Revised Edition) of 
Singapore (as modified or amended from time to time, the "SFA"). 
The Issuer will make a determination in relation to each issue about the classification of the Instruments 
being offered for purposes of section 309B(1)(a). Any such legend included on the applicable Final Terms 
will constitute notice to "relevant persons" for purposes of section 309B(1)(c) of the SFA. 
CREDIT RATINGS 
The rating of a particular Tranche of Instruments to be issued under the Programme may be specified in the 
applicable Final Terms.  
Senior Instruments issued under the Programme are expected to be rated Baa3 by Moody's France SAS 
("Moody's"), BBB by Fitch Ratings Limited ("Fitch") and BBB by S&P Global Ratings Europe Limited 
("S&P"). Subordinated Instruments issued under the Programme are expected to be rated Ba2 by Moody's, 
BB+ by Fitch and BB+ by S&P.

--- Page 5 ---
- iv - 
 
 
A brief explanation of the meanings of these ratings is set out in "General Information". 
Where an issue of Instruments is rated, its rating will not necessarily be the same as the rating applicable 
to the Programme.  
Each of Moody's and S&P is established in the European Union ("EU") and is registered under Regulation 
(EC) No. 1060/2009 (as amended) (the "EU CRA Regulation") and, as such, is included in the list of credit 
rating agencies published by the European Securities and Markets Authority on its website. Ratings issued 
by Moody's and S&P will be endorsed by Moody's Investors Service Limited and S&P Global Ratings UK 
Limited, respectively, in each case in accordance with Regulation (EC) No. 1060/2009 as it forms part of 
domestic law in the UK by virtue of the European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018 (the "EUWA") (the "UK 
CRA Regulation"). Fitch is established in the UK and is registered under the UK CRA Regulation and, as 
such, is included in the list of registered credit rating agencies on the UK FCA's Financial Services Register. 
Ratings issued by Fitch will be endorsed by Fitch Ratings Ireland Ltd. in accordance with the EU CRA 
Regulation. 
One or more independent credit rating agencies may assign credit ratings to the Issuers or the Instruments. 
Such ratings may not reflect the potential impact of all risks related to structure, market and any other 
factors that may affect the value of the Instruments. A credit rating is not a recommendation to buy, sell 
or hold securities and may be revised, suspended or withdrawn by the rating agency at any time. 
In general, European regulated investors are restricted from using a rating for regulatory purposes if such 
rating is not issued by a credit rating agency established in the EEA and registered under the EU CRA 
Regulation or (1) the rating is provided by a credit rating agency not established in the EEA but is endorsed 
by a credit rating agency established in the EEA and registered under the EU CRA Regulation or (2) the 
rating is provided by a credit rating agency not established in the EEA which is certified under the EU CRA 
Regulation. In general, UK regulated investors are restricted from using a rating for regulatory purposes if 
such rating is not issued by a credit rating agency established in the UK and registered under the UK CRA 
Regulation or (1) the rating is provided by a credit rating agency not established in the UK but is endorsed 
by a credit rating agency established in the UK and registered under the UK CRA Regulation or (2) the 
rating is provided by a credit rating agency not established in the UK which is certified under the UK CRA 
Regulation. 
IMPORTANT INFORMATION RELATING TO THE USE OF THIS BASE PROSPECTUS AND 
OFFERS OF INSTRUMENTS GENERALLY 
This Base Prospectus does not constitute an offer to sell or the solicitation of an offer to buy any Instruments 
in any jurisdiction to any person to whom it is unlawful to make the offer or solicitation in such jurisdiction. 
The distribution of this Base Prospectus and the offer or sale of Instruments may be restricted by law in 
certain jurisdictions. The Issuers, the Dealers and the Trustee do not represent that this Base Prospectus 
may be lawfully distributed, or that any Instruments may be lawfully offered, in compliance with any 
applicable registration or other requirements in any such jurisdiction, or pursuant to an exemption available 
thereunder, or assume any responsibility for facilitating any such distribution or offering. In particular, 
unless specifically indicated to the contrary in the applicable Final Terms, no action has been taken by the 
Issuers, the Dealers or the Trustee which would permit a public offering of any Instruments or distribution 
of this Base Prospectus in any jurisdiction where action for that purpose is required. Accordingly, no 
Instruments may be offered or sold, directly or indirectly, and neither this Base Prospectus nor any 
advertisement or other offering material may be distributed or published in any jurisdiction, except under 
circumstances that will result in compliance with any applicable laws and regulations. Persons into whose 
possession this Base Prospectus or any Instruments may come must inform themselves about, and observe, 
any such restrictions on the distribution of this Base Prospectus and the offering and sale of Instruments. In 
particular, there are restrictions on the distribution of this Base Prospectus and the offer or sale of 
Instruments in the United States, the UK, the EEA (including Belgium, France, the Netherlands, Portugal 
and Spain), Japan and Singapore, see "Subscription and Sale". 
The Instruments may not be a suitable investment for all investors. Each potential investor in Instruments 
must determine the suitability of that investment in light of its own circumstances. In particular, each 
potential investor should consider, either on its own or with the help of its financial and other professional 
advisers, whether it:

--- Page 6 ---
- v - 
 
 
(i) 
has sufficient knowledge and experience to make a meaningful evaluation of the Instruments, the 
merits and risks of investing in the Instruments and the information contained or incorporated by 
reference in this Base Prospectus or any applicable supplement; 
(ii) 
has access to, and knowledge of, appropriate analytical tools to evaluate, in the context of its 
particular financial situation, an investment in the Instruments and the impact the Instruments will 
have on its overall investment portfolio; 
(iii) 
has sufficient financial resources and liquidity to bear all of the risks of an investment in the 
Instruments, including Instruments where the currency for principal or interest payments is 
different from the potential investor's currency; 
(iv) 
understands thoroughly the terms of the Instruments and is familiar with the behaviour of financial 
markets; and 
(v) 
is able to evaluate (either alone or with the help of a financial adviser) possible scenarios for 
economic, interest rate and other factors that may affect its investment and its ability to bear the 
applicable risks. 
Legal investment considerations may restrict certain investments. The investment activities of certain 
investors are subject to legal investment laws and regulations, or review or regulation by certain authorities. 
Each potential investor should consult its legal advisers to determine whether and to what extent 
(1) Instruments are legal investments for it, (2) Instruments can be used as collateral for various types of 
borrowing, and (3) other restrictions apply to its purchase or pledge of any Instruments. Financial 
institutions should consult their legal advisers or the appropriate regulators to determine the appropriate 
treatment of Instruments under any applicable risk-based capital or similar rules. 
The Instruments have not been and will not be registered under the United States Securities Act of 1933, 
as amended (the "Securities Act") and Instruments in bearer form are subject to U.S. tax law requirements. 
Subject to certain exceptions, Instruments may not be offered, sold or delivered within the United States or 
to, or for the account or benefit of, U.S. persons (see "Subscription and Sale"). 
This Base Prospectus may contain certain forward-looking statements. The words "anticipate", "believe", 
"expect", "plan", "intend", "targets", "aims", "estimate", "project", "will", "would", "may", "could", 
"continue" and similar expressions are intended to identify forward-looking statements. All statements 
other than statements of historical fact included in this Base Prospectus, including, without limitation, those 
regarding the financial position, business strategy, management plans and objectives for future operations 
of EDP and the EDP Group are forward looking statements. These forward-looking statements involve 
known and unknown risks, uncertainties and other factors, which may cause EDP's and the EDP Group's 
actual results, performance or achievements, or industry results, to be materially different from those 
expressed or implied by these forward-looking statements. These forward looking statements are based on 
numerous assumptions regarding the present and future business strategies of EDP and the EDP Group and 
the environment in which it is expected to operate in the future. 
Additional factors that could cause actual results, performance or achievements to differ materially include, 
but are not limited to, those discussed under "Risk Factors". Any forward-looking statements made by or 
on behalf of EDP or EDP B.V. speak only as at the date they are made. Neither EDP nor EDP B.V. 
undertakes to update forward-looking statements to reflect any changes in their expectations with regard 
thereto or any changes in events, conditions or circumstances on which any such statement is based. 
PRESENTATION OF INFORMATION 
Certain Defined Terms and Conventions 
Capitalised terms which are used but not defined in any particular section of this Base Prospectus will have 
the meaning attributed to them in "Terms and Conditions of Senior Instruments" in respect of Senior 
Instruments, in "Terms and Conditions of Subordinated Instruments" in respect of Subordinated 
Instruments or any other sections of this Base Prospectus. 
Reference to "the Conditions" shall be construed as references to the "Terms and Conditions of Senior 
Instruments" in respect of Senior Instruments or "Terms and Conditions of Subordinated Instruments" in 
respect of Subordinated Instruments, as applicable.

--- Page 7 ---
- vi - 
 
 
In addition, the following terms as used in this Base Prospectus have the meanings defined below: 
In this Base Prospectus, all references to: 
 
"U.S. dollars", "U.S.$" and "$" refer to United States dollars, the lawful currency of the United 
States; 
 
"Sterling" and "£" refer to pounds sterling, the lawful currency of the UK; 
 
"EUR", "euro" and "€" refer to the currency introduced at the start of the third stage of European 
economic and monetary union pursuant to the Treaty on the Functioning of the European Union, 
as amended; 
 
"R$" refer to the Brazilian real, the lawful currency of Brazil; and 
 
"billion" refers to a thousand million. 
Certain figures and percentages included in this Base Prospectus have been subject to rounding adjustments; 
accordingly, figures shown in the same category presented in different tables may vary slightly and figures 
shown as totals in certain tables may not be an arithmetical aggregation of the figures which precede them.

--- Page 8 ---
70-41038364 
 
CONTENTS 
 
Page 
OVERVIEW OF THE PROGRAMME ....................................................................................................... 1 
RISK FACTORS .......................................................................................................................................... 6 
STABILISATION ...................................................................................................................................... 33 
DOCUMENTS INCORPORATED BY REFERENCE ............................................................................. 34 
FORM OF FINAL TERMS FOR SENIOR INSTRUMENTS ................................................................... 36 
FORM OF FINAL TERMS FOR SUBORDINATED INSTRUMENTS .................................................. 51 
TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF SENIOR INSTRUMENTS .................................................................. 62 
TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF SUBORDINATED INSTRUMENTS ............................................... 110 
PROVISIONS RELATING TO THE INSTRUMENTS (OTHER THAN BOOK ENTRY 
INSTRUMENTS) WHILE IN GLOBAL FORM .................................................................................... 136 
BOOK ENTRY INSTRUMENTS HELD THROUGH INTERBOLSA .................................................. 140 
USE OF PROCEEDS ............................................................................................................................... 142 
RELATIONSHIP OF EDP B.V. WITH EDP .......................................................................................... 143 
EDP AND THE EDP GROUP ................................................................................................................. 146 
REGULATORY FRAMEWORK ............................................................................................................ 167 
FINANCIAL STATEMENTS OF THE EDP GROUP ............................................................................ 251 
EDP FINANCE B.V. ................................................................................................................................ 255 
TAXATION ............................................................................................................................................. 259 
SUBSCRIPTION AND SALE ................................................................................................................. 271 
GENERAL INFORMATION .................................................................................................................. 276

--- Page 9 ---
- 1 - 
 
 
OVERVIEW OF THE PROGRAMME 
The following overview does not purport to be complete and is taken from, and is qualified in its entirety 
by, the remainder of this Base Prospectus and, in relation to the terms and conditions of any particular 
Tranche of Instruments, the applicable Final Terms. 
Words and expressions defined in the "Terms and Conditions of Senior Instruments" or "Terms and 
Conditions of Subordinated Instruments", as applicable, shall have the same meanings in this overview. 
Issuers: 
EDP – Energias De Portugal, S.A. 
 
EDP Finance B.V. 
Risk Factors: 
There are certain factors that may affect each Issuer's ability to 
fulfil its respective obligations under Instruments issued under 
the Programme. In addition, there are certain factors which are 
material for the purpose of assessing the market risks associated 
with Instruments issued under the Programme and risks relating 
to the structure of a particular Series of Instruments issued under 
the Programme. All of these are set out under the heading "Risk 
Factors". Investors should carefully consider these risk factors 
and all of the information in the Base Prospectus before deciding 
to buy Instruments. 
Arranger: 
Morgan Stanley Europe SE 
Dealers: 
Banco Bilbao Vizcaya Argentaria, S.A., Banco Comercial 
Português, S.A., Banco Santander Totta, S.A., Barclays Bank 
Ireland PLC, BNP Paribas, Caixa - Banco de Investimento, S.A., 
CaixaBank, S.A., Citigroup Global Markets Europe AG, 
Deutsche Bank Aktiengesellschaft, HSBC Continental Europe, 
ING Bank N.V., J.P. Morgan SE, Mizuho Securities Europe 
GmbH, Morgan Stanley Europe SE, MUFG Securities (Europe) 
N.V., NatWest Markets N.V., Société Générale, UniCredit Bank 
AG and any other Dealers appointed in accordance with the 
Dealership Agreement. 
Certain Restrictions: 
Each issue of Instruments denominated in a currency in respect 
of which particular laws, guidelines, regulations, restrictions or 
reporting requirements apply will only be issued in circumstances 
which comply with such laws, guidelines, regulations, 
restrictions or reporting requirements from time to time (see 
"Subscription and Sale") including the following restrictions 
applicable at the date of this Base Prospectus. 
Issue and Paying Agent: 
Deutsche Bank AG, London Branch 
Registrar: 
Deutsche Bank Luxembourg S.A. 
Portuguese Paying Agent: 
Deutsche Bank Aktiengesellschaft – Sucursal em Portugal 
Trustee: 
Deutsche Trustee Company Limited 
Programme Size: 
Up to €15,000,000,000 (or its equivalent in other currencies 
calculated as described in the Dealership Agreement) outstanding 
at any time. The Issuers may increase the amount of the 
Programme in accordance with the terms of the Dealership 
Agreement.

--- Page 10 ---
- 2 - 
 
 
Distribution: 
Instruments may be distributed by way of private or public 
placement and in each case on a syndicated or non-syndicated 
basis. 
Currencies: 
Subject to compliance with all applicable laws, regulations and 
directives, the Instruments may be denominated in any currency 
agreed between the relevant Issuer and the relevant Dealer(s) at 
the time of the issue of such Series of Instruments, and the Book 
Entry Instruments will be denominated in Euro or such other 
currency as can be settled through Interbolsa, in all cases subject 
to compliance with all applicable legal and/or regulatory and/or 
central bank requirements. 
Maturities: 
The Instruments will have such maturities as may be agreed 
between the relevant Issuer and the relevant Dealer, subject to 
such minimum or maximum maturities as may be allowed or 
required from time to time by the relevant central bank (or 
equivalent body) or any laws or regulations applicable to the 
relevant Issuer or the relevant Specified Currency and subject at 
all times to a minimum maturity of one year. 
Issue Price: 
Instruments may be issued on a fully-paid basis and at an issue 
price which is at par or at a discount to, or premium over, par. 
Form of Senior Instruments: 
The Senior Instruments will be issued in bearer, registered or 
book-entry form. The Senior Instruments may be issued by EDP 
or EDP Finance B.V. 
Form of Subordinated 
Instruments: 
The Subordinated Instruments will be issued in book-entry form. 
The Subordinated Instruments will be issued by EDP only.  
Fixed Rate Instruments 
(Senior Instruments): 
Fixed interest will be payable on such date or dates as may be 
agreed between the relevant Issuer and the relevant Dealer and 
on redemption and will be calculated on the basis of such Day 
Count Fraction as may be agreed between the relevant Issuer and 
the relevant Dealer. 
Floating Rate Instruments 
(Senior Instruments): 
Floating Rate Instruments will bear interest at a rate determined: 
 
(a) 
on the same basis as the floating rate under a notional 
interest rate swap transaction in the relevant Specified 
Currency governed by an agreement incorporating the 
2006 ISDA Definitions or the latest version of ISDA 
2021 Interest Rate Derivatives Definitions, including 
each Matrix (as defined therein) (and any successor 
thereto), as specified in the applicable Final Terms, each 
as published by ISDA (or any successor) on its website 
(http://www.isda.org), on the date of issue of the first 
Tranche of the Instruments of such Series; or 
 
(b) 
on the basis of the reference rate set out in the applicable 
Final Terms. 
 
Interest on Floating Rate Instruments in respect of each Interest 
Period, as agreed prior to issue by the relevant Issuer and the 
relevant Dealer, will be payable on such Interest Payment Dates, 
and will be calculated on the basis of such Day Count Fraction, 
as may be agreed between the relevant Issuer and the relevant 
Dealer.

--- Page 11 ---
- 3 - 
 
 
 
The margin (if any) relating to such floating rate will be agreed 
between the relevant Issuer and the relevant Dealer for each 
Series of Floating Rate Instruments. 
 
Floating Rate Instruments may also have a maximum interest 
rate, a minimum interest rate or both. 
Zero Coupon Instruments 
(Senior Instruments): 
Zero Coupon Instruments will be offered and sold at a discount 
to their nominal amount and will not bear interest. 
Instruments redeemable in 
instalments  
(Senior Instruments): 
Each of the Issuers may issue Senior Instruments which may be 
redeemed in separate instalments in such amounts and on such 
dates as the relevant Issuer and the relevant Dealer may agree. 
Fixed to Reset Rate Instruments 
(Subordinated Instruments): 
Fixed to Reset Rate Instruments will bear interest on their 
principal 
amount 
from 
(and 
including) 
the 
Interest 
Commencement Date to (but excluding) the First Reset Date at 
the Initial Rate of Interest specified in the applicable Final Terms. 
Thereafter, this fixed rate of interest will be reset on one or more 
date(s) specified in the applicable Final Terms by reference to a 
mid-market swap rate or to a reference bond yield to maturity, as 
adjusted for any applicable margin, in each case as may be 
specified in the applicable Final Terms. 
Benchmark Event: 
If a Benchmark Event occurs, such that any rate of interest (or 
any component part thereof) cannot be determined by reference 
to the original benchmark specified in the applicable Final Terms, 
then such rate of interest may be substituted (subject to certain 
conditions) with a successor or alternative rate (with consequent 
amendment to the terms of such Series of Instruments and the 
application of an adjustment spread (which could be positive, 
negative or zero)). 
Optional Redemption: 
The applicable Final Terms issued in respect of each issue of 
Instruments will state whether such Instrument may be redeemed 
at the option of the Issuer (either in whole or in part) and/or (in 
the case of Senior Instruments only) the Holders and the terms 
applicable to such redemption.  
Optional Interest Deferral 
(Subordinated Instruments): 
EDP will have the right to defer interest payments on the 
Subordinated Instruments, in whole or in part, otherwise 
scheduled to be paid on an Interest Payment Date as described in 
Condition 4.3 (Interest Deferral) of the Subordinated 
Instruments. 
Denomination of Instruments: 
The Instruments will be issued in such denominations as may be 
agreed between the relevant Issuer and the relevant Dealer save 
that the minimum denomination of each Instrument will be such 
amount as may be allowed or required from time to time by the 
relevant central bank (or equivalent body) or any laws or 
regulations applicable to the relevant Specified Currency, and 
save that the minimum denomination of each Instrument will be 
€100,000 (or, if the Instruments are denominated in a currency 
other than euro, the equivalent amount in such currency). 
Taxation: 
All payments in respect of the Instruments will be made without 
deduction for or on account of withholding taxes imposed by any 
Tax Jurisdiction. In the event that any such deduction is made, 
the relevant Issuer will, save in certain limited circumstances 
provided in the Conditions of the relevant Instruments, be

--- Page 12 ---
- 4 - 
 
 
required to pay additional amounts to cover the amounts so 
deducted. 
Negative Pledge: 
The terms of the Senior Instruments will contain a negative 
pledge provision which restricts the right of the Issuers to create 
or have outstanding any mortgage, lien, pledge or other charge or 
to otherwise secure any obligations (subject to certain conditions 
and exceptions) over the whole or any part of their assets while 
the Instruments remain outstanding as further described in 
Condition 4 (Negative Pledge) of the Senior Instruments. 
 
Subordinated Instruments do not benefit from any negative 
pledge. 
Cross Default: 
The terms of the Senior Instruments will contain a cross default 
provision as further described in Condition 10 (Events of Default) 
of the Senior Instruments. 
Subordinated Instruments do not benefit from a cross default. 
Status of Senior Instruments: 
Senior Instruments will constitute direct, unconditional, 
unsubordinated and (subject to the provisions of the Issuers' 
negative pledge above) unsecured obligations of the relevant 
Issuer and will rank pari passu among themselves and (save for 
certain obligations required to be preferred by law) equally with 
all other unsecured obligations (other than subordinated 
obligations, if any) of the relevant Issuer, from time to time 
outstanding. 
Status of Subordinated 
Instruments: 
Subordinated Instruments will constitute direct, unsecured and 
subordinated obligations of the Issuer and shall at all times rank 
pari passu and without any preference among themselves. 
Subordinated Instruments will, in the event of the winding-up or 
insolvency of the Issuer, rank (a) junior to all Senior Obligations 
of EDP; (b) pari passu with each other and with the obligations 
of EDP in respect of any Parity Security; and (c) senior only to 
EDP's ordinary shares and any other class of share capital of EDP 
that ranks pari passu with ordinary shares. 
Rating: 
Each of EDP and EDP B.V. has been rated Baa3 by Moody's, 
BBB by Fitch and BBB by S&P. 
 
Senior Instruments issued under the Programme are expected to 
be rated Baa3 by Moody's, BBB by Fitch and BBB by S&P.  
Subordinated Instruments issued under the Programme are 
expected to be rated Ba2 by Moody's, BB+ by Fitch and BB+ by 
S&P. 
 
Series of Instruments issued under the Programme may be rated 
or unrated. Where a Series of Instruments is rated, such rating 
will be disclosed in the applicable Final Terms and will not 
necessarily be the same as the ratings assigned to the Programme. 
A security rating is not a recommendation to buy, sell or hold 
securities and may be subject to suspension, reduction or 
withdrawal at any time by the assigning rating agency. 
Listing: 
Application will or has been made for Instruments to be admitted 
to trading on Euronext Dublin. The Programme also permits 
Instruments to be issued on the basis that they (a) will not be 
admitted to listing, trading and/or quotation by any competent 
authority, stock exchange and/or quotation system or (b) will be

--- Page 13 ---
- 5 - 
 
 
admitted to listing, trading and/or quotation by such other or 
further competent authorities, stock exchanges and/or quotation 
systems as may be agreed with the relevant Issuer. 
 
The applicable Final Terms will state whether or not the relevant 
Instruments are to be listed and/or admitted to trading and, if so, 
on which stock exchanges and/or markets. 
Governing Law: 
English law, except that with respect to (i) Book-Entry 
Instruments (including, for the avoidance of doubt, Subordinated 
Instruments) only, the form and transfer of the Instruments, 
creation of security over the Instruments and the Interbolsa 
procedures for the exercise of rights under the Book Entry 
Instruments and (ii) in the case of Subordinated Instruments only, 
Condition 3 (Status of the Subordinated Instruments), are 
governed by, and shall be construed in accordance with 
Portuguese law. 
Selling Restrictions: 
There are restrictions on the offer, sale and transfer of the 
Instruments in the United States, the UK, the EEA (including 
Belgium, France, the Netherlands, Portugal and Spain), Japan 
and Singapore and such other restrictions as may be required in 
connection with the offering and sale of a particular Tranche of 
Instruments, (see "Subscription and Sale"). 
United States Selling 
Restrictions: 
Regulation S, Category 2. TEFRA D, unless TEFRA C or 
TEFRA not applicable is specified as applicable in the relevant 
Final Terms.

--- Page 14 ---
- 6 - 
 
 
RISK FACTORS 
An investment in the Instruments involves risks. Prospective investors should carefully consider all of the 
information in this Base Prospectus and the documents incorporated by reference herein, including the 
following risk factors, before deciding to invest in the Instruments. The actual occurrence of any of the 
following events could have a material adverse effect on each Issuer's business, financial condition, 
prospects or results of operations which may adversely affect each Issuer's ability to make payments and 
fulfil its other obligations under the Instruments and EDP's ability to fulfil its obligations to EDP B.V. 
under the Keep Well Agreement. 
The risk factors described below consist of a limited selection of specific risks which the Issuers consider 
to be of most relevance to investors when the investor is making an investment decision. Additional risks 
not currently known or which are currently deemed immaterial may also have a material adverse effect on 
the Issuer's business, financial condition, prospects or results of operations or result in other events that 
could lead to a diminution of each Issuer's ability to fulfil its obligations under the Instruments and EDP's 
ability to fulfil its obligations to EDP B.V. under the Keep Well Agreement. 
References in this section to "EDP", the "Group" or the "EDP Group" are to EDP and its subsidiaries. 
Introduction 
The risk factors described below are those that the Issuers believe are material and specific to the Issuers 
and that may affect the Issuers' ability to fulfil each of their respective obligations under the Instruments. 
The risk factors have been organised into the following categories: 
1. 
Risks relating to EDP's business activities; 
2. 
Risks relating to the strategy of EDP; 
3. 
Risks relating to EDP's operational activities; 
4. 
Risks relating to the financial markets and financial activities of EDP; 
5. 
Risks relating to the structure of an issue of Instruments; 
6. 
Risks relating to certain terms of the Instruments; 
7. 
Risks relating to the market for the Instruments; and 
8. 
Risks related to withholding tax. 
Within each category, the most material risks, in the assessment of the Issuers, are set out first. The Issuers 
have assessed the relative materiality of the risk factors based on the probability of their occurrence and the 
expected magnitude of their negative impact. The order of the categories does not imply that any category 
of risk is more material than any other category. Prospective investors should read the detailed information 
set out in this Base Prospectus (including the documents incorporated by reference herein), in conjunction 
with each of the risk factors described below, and reach their own views prior to making an investment 
decision. 
1. 
Risks relating to EDP's business activities 
For further information on the business of EDP, please see "EDP and the EDP Group". 
The selling price and gross profit per unit of energy sold by EDP may decline significantly due to a 
deterioration in market conditions and/or exposure to the local market of certain power plants. 
A decline in gross profit per unit of electricity or natural gas sold may result from a number of different 
factors, including: (i) an adverse imbalance between supply and demand in the electricity and natural gas 
markets in the countries in which EDP operates or in other related energy markets; (ii) the performance of 
international and/or regional energy prices such as oil, natural gas, coal, CO2 allowances and green 
certificates or guarantees of origin; (iii) below average rainfall or wind speed and solar incidence levels; 
(iv) higher cost of power plant construction; (v) a change in the technological mix of installed generation 
capacity or (vi) geopolitical events that may impact regional or global markets. The gross profit per unit of

--- Page 15 ---
- 7 - 
 
 
energy sold in liberalised energy markets can also be affected by administrative decisions imposed by 
legislative and regulatory authorities in the countries in which EDP operates. In the Iberian Peninsula, the 
volatility of EDP's gross profit per unit of electricity and natural gas sold can be particularly significant in 
its activities in the liberalised electricity and natural gas markets, which are fully exposed to market risk. If 
the difference between the market price for electricity and the marginal generation cost (which depends 
primarily on fuel and CO2 costs) available at its thermal plants is too low, EDP's thermal plants may not 
generate electricity or electricity generation may be limited. This would directly result in lower gross 
margin and cash flows in EDP's Client Solutions and Energy Management segment. 
In addition, the power plants still benefiting from the Contractual Equilibrium Maintenance Cost 
mechanism ("CMEC") have, from 2017 onwards, entered into the final 10-year period of the mechanism, 
in which a final 10-year prospective adjustment amount to the initial CMEC compensation amount has been 
approved by the relevant authorities. Such adjustment amount may not reflect the evolution of the market 
prices and other variables for the next 10-year period and, as such, the power plants still benefiting from 
the CMEC regime will be partially exposed to the risk of market prices. 
Payments for electricity sold by certain EDP wind and solar farms depend, at least in part, on market prices 
for electricity. In several countries, including, but not limited to, the United States, EDP sells its wind and 
solar power output mainly through long-term Power Purchase Agreements ("PPAs"), which set the sale 
price of electricity for the duration of the contract. When a PPA is not executed due to market conditions 
or as part of a commercial strategy, EDP sells its electricity output in wholesale markets in which it is fully 
exposed to market risk volatility. In jurisdictions where combinations of regulated incentives are used (such 
as green certificates, and market pricing), the regulated incentive component may not compensate for 
fluctuations in the market price component, and thus total remuneration may be volatile. Furthermore, in 
some cases where power generation is sold at a regulated or long-term contracted price, EDP may still be 
exposed to market volatility if there are significant price differentials between the price at the plants' grid 
injection node and the reference grid node for the contracts' settlement. Any structural and/or abrupt 
changes to the market (namely motivated by external reasons, e.g. geopolitical) are likely to have an impact 
on the PPAs' profitability. In the future, as regulated remuneration schemes and/or PPAs end for existing 
wind and solar farms, the gross margin and cash flows of the Group's Renewables segment may become 
more volatile and a source of increased risk for EDP. 
In Brazil, the electricity generated by EDP's power plants is primarily sold through PPAs, while EDP's 
electricity distribution business, in accordance with certain regulatory rules, has the ability to pass its 
electricity procurement costs through to customers when the contracted energy level is between pre-defined 
boundaries. Nevertheless, payments for electricity sold by EDP's electricity generation, distribution and 
supply activities in Brazil can be affected by significant changes in electricity market prices, particularly 
due to extremely dry periods, wide fluctuations in electricity demand and changes of EDP's electricity 
distribution concession areas. In the future, the gross margin and cash flows for power plants whose existing 
PPAs end may become more volatile. Prices for new PPAs both for electricity generation plants under 
development or in operation are set through public tenders and can change significantly due to changes in 
competitive dynamics and/or the regulatory environment. 
Although EDP seeks to mitigate market and price volatility risks through the use of various financial and 
commodity hedging instruments relating to electricity, carbon emissions, fuel (coal and natural gas) and 
foreign exchange, as well as bilateral PPAs and long-term fuel supply agreements, there can be no assurance 
that EDP's hedging and financial strategy will prove effective. Likewise, purchases of hedging instruments, 
such as financial derivative contracts, could increase EDP's costs and reduce EDP's profit margins. If any 
of the above risks were to materialise they could have a material adverse effect on EDP's business, financial 
condition, results of operations and prospects. 
The profitability of EDP's power plants are dependent on weather conditions. 
Electricity generation output from EDP's hydro, wind and solar power plants in operation, as well as 
expected levels of output from power plants under construction and under development, are highly 
dependent on weather conditions, particularly rainfall, wind and sunshine hours, which vary substantially 
across different locations, seasons and years. For example, in respect of hydro power plants, the upstream 
use of river flows for other purposes, restrictions imposed by legislation or the impact of climate change 
may result in a reduction in water flow available for electricity generation. Such impacts would result in 
lower hydro volumes available for power generation and lower revenues for EDP.

--- Page 16 ---
- 8 - 
 
 
In respect of wind power plants, turbines only operate when wind speeds fall within certain operating ranges 
that vary by turbine type and manufacturer. If wind speeds fall outside or towards the lower end of these 
ranges, energy output at EDP's wind farms declines. As for solar farms, the level of solar energy impacts 
the production of electricity within specific operating ranges which are particularly affected by temperature. 
In respect of thermal plants, the hydro volumes of the year may also impact profitability, for instance 
restricting the use of water in the cooling processes. Such restriction may translate into higher cost for 
power generation in thermal plants and/or lower outputs, which would translate into lower gross margins 
for EDP. EDP cannot guarantee that actual weather conditions at a project site will conform to the 
assumptions that were made during the project development phase and, therefore, it cannot guarantee that 
its power plants will be able to meet their anticipated generation levels. Any such shortfall in generation 
levels could have a material adverse effect on EDP's business, financial condition, results of operations and 
prospects. 
EDP's profitability may be affected by significant changes in energy demand in each of the countries 
in which it operates. 
Significant changes in the demand for electricity and natural gas in the markets in which EDP operates may 
have a material impact on the profitability of EDP's business activities, such as generation and supply 
activities. EDP's investment decisions take into consideration EDP's expectations regarding the evolution 
of demand for electricity and natural gas, which may be significantly affected by the economic conditions 
of the countries in which EDP sells and distributes electricity and sells natural gas, but also by a number of 
other factors including economic cycles, governmental policies, regulation, tariff levels, environmental and 
climate conditions. Significant changes in any of these variables may affect levels of per capita energy 
consumption, which could vary substantially from EDP's expectations. 
Lower energy demand typically impacts EDP's Networks operating segment in Brazil and to a certain extent 
Portugal, where EDP's power distribution businesses have part of their revenue linked to power demand. 
In addition, EDP's Renewables and Client Solutions and Energy Management segments are also indirectly 
impacted by lower energy prices given the imbalance in supply and demand under such a scenario. 
Moreover, Client Solutions and Energy Management are impacted by lower sales due to lower energy 
demand, especially in business client segments. 
Any decrease in power demand or decrease in the rate of demand growth whether due to lower 
electrification of the economy, increased energy efficiency, the impact of the COVID-19 pandemic or other 
unexpected events or otherwise could adversely impact the demand for new renewable projects or otherwise 
have a material adverse effect on EDP's business, financial condition, results of operations and prospects. 
The profitability of EDP's thermal power plants and gas supply activities are dependent on the 
reliability of EDP's access to fossil fuels, such as coal and natural gas, in the appropriate quantities, 
at the appropriate times and under competitive pricing conditions. 
EDP's thermal power plants need to have ready access to fossil fuels, particularly coal and natural gas, in 
order to generate electricity. EDP's strategy for fossil fuels procurement is to enter into long-term and short-
term purchase agreements to cover any potential contingencies. Although EDP has such long-term purchase 
agreements for fossil fuels in place and corresponding transportation agreements, EDP cannot be certain 
that there will be no disruptions in its supply of fossil fuels. The adequacy of this supply also depends on 
shipping and transportation services involving various third parties. In the event of a failure in the supply 
chain of fossil fuels, EDP may not be able to generate electricity in some or all of its thermal power plants 
or may not be able to comply with the terms of existing PPAs for contracted power plants. 
For example, the Pecém coal plant in Brazil, which operates under a long-term PPA, is able to pass on its 
fossil fuel cost within certain limits. However, the profitability of this plant could be reduced if coal supply 
limitations reduce the plant's availability levels below those contracted under the PPA, for example, due to 
a shortage of fossil fuels. In the Iberian Peninsula's liberalised market, EDP's ordinary regime thermal 
power plants are fully exposed to changes in fossil fuel costs, including changes in related taxes. The gas 
that EDP buys for use in its combined cycle gas turbine power plants ("CCGTs") or to supply its gas 
customers in Portugal and Spain is currently supplied primarily through long-term contracts and delivered 
both through liquefied natural gas ("LNG") terminals and international pipelines. The supply chain of gas 
to the Iberian Peninsula passes through several countries and involves gas production and treatment, 
transport through international pipelines and by ship, and processing in liquefaction terminals. This supply 
chain is subject to political and technical risks. Although these risks are often addressed in force majeure

--- Page 17 ---
- 9 - 
 
 
clauses in supply, transit and shipping contracts that may, to a certain extent, mitigate contractual risk by 
shifting it to the end-user market, contractual provisions do not mitigate other risks that might lead to 
diminished margins and loss of profits. In addition, any capacity, access or operational restrictions imposed 
by the transmission system operator ("TSO") on the use of LNG terminals, international grid connections 
or domestic grid connections may impair normal supply and sales activities, and such circumstances involve 
additional contractual risks that could have a material adverse effect on the Group's business, financial 
condition, results of operations and prospects. 
EDP's long-term gas procurement contracts have prices indexed largely to benchmark oil price related 
indices in Europe and the Middle East and to benchmark gas prices in the United States and Europe. Under 
the terms of some of these gas contracts, EDP commits to purchasing a minimum amount of gas for a certain 
period of time through "take-or-pay" clauses. As a result, under certain circumstances, EDP may have to 
purchase more gas than it needs to operate its CCGTs or supply its gas customers, which may cause 
disruptions in the supply chain of natural gas and/or the enforcement of "take-or-pay" clauses and, in turn, 
affect the profitability of EDP's CCGTs or gas supply activity. In addition, any structural change on 
international oil and gas markets may create significant differences between benchmark oil prices indices 
and benchmark gas price indices thereby increasing basis risk. This could adversely impact the 
competitiveness of EDP's long-term gas procurement contracts. Such circumstances may affect the 
profitability of EDP's CCGTs or gas supply activity, which could have a material adverse effect on the 
Group's business, financial condition, results of operations and prospects. 
EDP is exposed to the regulatory risks associated with the changes in laws and regulations in the 
countries in which it operates. 
EDP's operations include the generation, transmission, distribution and supply of electricity and related 
services (including regulatory frameworks in the development, construction, licensing and operation of 
power plants, transmission and distribution grids), and supply of natural gas in several jurisdictions pursuant 
to concessions, licences and other legal or regulatory permits, as applicable, granted by the governments, 
municipalities and regulatory entities in such jurisdictions. EDP operates in several countries across Europe, 
North America, Latin America and Asia-Pacific regions. The laws and regulations affecting EDP's activities 
in these countries may vary by jurisdiction and may be subject to modifications, including those resulting 
from ordinary expiry of regulatory periods, unilateral imposition by regulators and legislative authorities 
or as a result of judicial or administrative proceedings or actions. Furthermore, additional laws and 
regulations may be implemented, including those enacted as a result of actions filed by third parties or 
lobbying by special interest groups. Any of those changes may make such laws and regulations more 
restrictive or in other ways less favourable to EDP. 
In particular, the development and profitability of renewable energy projects is significantly dependent on 
policies, regulatory frameworks, and in certain instances, governmental subsidies and incentives that 
support such development. Many states in the United States, the U.S. federal government, and many 
Member States of the EU, including European countries in which EDP operates or has pipeline projects, 
have adopted policies and measures that actively support renewable energy projects and the Group 
continues to base a significant portion of its capital investment in anticipation of continued support for these 
policies.   Support for renewable energy sources has been strong in past years and EDP has benefited from 
such support. In the United States, the federal government has supported renewable energy primarily 
through income tax incentives. Historically, the main U.S. federal tax incentives for wind and solar projects 
have been the US federal Production Tax Credit ("PTC"), the five-year accelerated depreciation for eligible 
assets under the Modified Accelerated Cost Recovery System ("MACRS") and the Investment Tax Credit 
("ITC"). In addition, many U.S. state governments have implemented Renewable Portfolio Standards 
("RPS"), which typically require that a certain percentage of the electricity supplied by a utility to its 
customers within such state or utility territory is to be sourced from renewable resources. In some cases, 
owners of renewable energy projects that are located in U.S. states that have an RPS and/or export electrical 
energy to transmission and distribution systems in U.S. states that have RPSs accrue Renewable Energy 
Credits ("RECs"), which are often sold to utilities distributors for those utilities distributors to comply with 
its obligations under an RPS. The EU has implemented energy targets for 2030, which are, for the most 
part, particularly in relation to energy efficiency and renewable energy, not binding on a national level. 
EDP cannot guarantee that such support, policies, regulatory frameworks, or governmental subsidies and 
incentives in the jurisdiction in which it operates will be maintained, which could significantly impact the 
financial success of its investment programme, especially with respect to renewables.

--- Page 18 ---
- 10 - 
 
 
Some of the Group's operations are subject to concessions, licences and permits which are granted for fixed 
periods of time or are subject to early termination or revocation ("revogação" or "resgate") under certain 
circumstances, including as a result of legal proceedings, challenges, disputes, legal or regulatory changes 
or failure to comply with the terms of the relevant concession, licence or permit. Upon termination of a 
concession or the expiration of a licence or permit, the fixed assets associated with such concessions, 
licences or permits, generally revert to the government or municipality, which granted such concession, 
licence or permit. Under these circumstances, although specified compensatory amounts might be payable 
to EDP with respect to these assets, such amounts, if any, may not be sufficient to compensate EDP for its 
actual or anticipated losses. Moreover, the expiration or termination of concessions, licences or permits 
might limit EDP's ability to conduct its business or a segment thereof in an entire jurisdiction. For example, 
one of EDP's subsidiaries, E-Redes, is currently the concessionaire of approximately 99 per cent. of the 
municipal low voltage distribution concessions in Portugal, which have either expired (and are subject to 
annual renewal) or are set to expire soon (the latest of which in 2026), all of which are set to be subject to 
international public tenders to select new concessionaires. No assurance may be given in that EDP 
Distribuição will be successful in such public tenders or that the terms and conditions of any such 
concession will be favourable to EDP. For more information on the termination of the low voltage 
distribution concession agreements and the upcoming public tenders, see "Regulatory Framework". 
The complex international regulatory environment in which EDP operates also exposes EDP to the risk of 
regulatory proceedings for disagreements on the interpretation of applicable laws. For example, in 2019, 
the European Commission ("EC") announced the opening of infringement proceedings against eight 
Member States, including Portugal, alleging that certain national laws and past governmental practices 
regarding the award and renewal of hydropower concessions were inconsistent with applicable EU law. 
Regarding Portugal, in particular, the EC's proceedings focused on the 2008 extension of contracts for the 
use of public domain water resources by EDP's power plants, which benefited from CMEC stranded costs 
compensation approved by the EC in 2004. Although EDP is not a party to these proceedings, a final 
decision against the Portuguese state could ultimately result in a challenge to the validity of EDP's 
hydropower concessions or otherwise adversely impact such concessions, which would have a material 
adverse effect on EDP's business, financial condition, results of operations and prospects. 
EDP's business is also affected by other general laws and regulations in the various jurisdictions in which 
it operates, including taxes, levies and other charges, which may be amended, or subject to varying 
interpretations, from time to time. Rapid or significant modification in such laws and regulations could 
impose additional costs on EDP, such as compliance costs or the restriction of business opportunities, 
among others. EDP cannot guarantee that current laws and regulations will not be rapidly or significantly 
modified or that their interpretation by relevant authorities will differ in the future, whether in response to 
public pressure or initiated by regulatory, judicial or legislative authorities. 
In addition, other laws and regulations may in the future become applicable to EDP and/or the business 
activities in which EDP is engaged, which could have a material adverse effect on EDP's business, financial 
condition, results of operations and prospects. 
EDP's cash flow is subject to possible changes in the amounts and timings of the recovery of the 
regulatory receivables from the energy systems. 
EDP has annually recognised an amount of regulatory receivables in its statement of financial position that 
is related to its regulated business activities in Portugal, Spain and Brazil. These regulatory receivables are 
to be recovered from the energy system within a pre-determined time period, set by the relevant regulator, 
and any changes in the amount and timings of the recovery of such receivables may have an impact on 
EDP's cash flow. For instance, with respect to regulated energy distribution activities in Portugal and Brazil, 
as well as the generation activities in Spain, a tariff deficit/surplus is generated whenever market conditions 
are different from the regulator's assumptions when setting electricity tariffs for a certain year or, in case of 
deficit, when the regulator or the government decides not to recover all system costs in a given year and 
defer the payment of such regulatory receivables for a number of years. In the past, significant amounts of 
regulatory receivables were generated, mostly in Portugal, Spain and Brazil, meaning that revenues 
collected through electricity tariffs to end-consumers were not sufficient to cover electricity system costs. 
In Portugal, EDP has been able to sell a significant part of its right to receive payment for these amounts 
without recourse, but a portion is still pending to be recovered from the relevant regulators. The total amount 
of regulatory receivables in EDP's balance sheet can vary significantly within each period, either due to an 
increase or because EDP has sold a portion of its right to receive payment for these receivables without 
recourse. There can be no assurance that, in the future, new amounts of regulatory receivables will not

--- Page 19 ---
- 11 - 
 
 
continue to be generated or that final amounts received will not be different from the amounts initially 
expected or that EDP will be able to monetise them, which could have a material adverse effect on EDP's 
business, financial condition, results of operation and prospects. For more information see "Regulatory 
Framework – European Energy Policy –Iberian Peninsula". 
EDP's financial condition and results of operations may be adversely affected by natural disasters 
and other calamities, such as earthquakes, storms, extreme weather conditions, pandemic diseases, 
and any similar event. 
The occurrence of a natural disaster or other calamity could significantly affect EDP's operations and 
financial condition, if it occurs in a country or region where EDP operates its business, or from which EDP 
sources materials and/or equipment and components that are essential for the operation, or required in the 
construction and development of, its power plants. 
In particular, the outbreak of coronavirus ("COVID-19") has led to governmental measures imposed around 
the world to stymie the spread of the pandemic. COVID-19 has had and continues to have a significant 
impact on the global economy and society. In the event of vaccine-resistant strains of COVID-19 or the re-
imposition of restrictions, there may be a further increase in macroeconomic uncertainty and decreased 
energy demand as well as delays or service disruptions in the Group's operational activities should there be 
any issues in its supply chains and/or the unavailability of its suppliers or employees. Access to new funding 
necessary for its business operations or investments may also be more limited or more costly, due to 
generalised heightened credit risk concerns and financial markets' volatility. Moreover, economic 
uncertainty could lead to a deterioration in creditworthiness and significant delays in payments by EDP's 
counterparties and could increase the risk of default by such counterparties, some of whom may currently 
be benefitting from governmental support measures and which upon expiry of such measures could result 
in increased bad debts for the Group. In addition, EDP could also face heightened exchange rate risks for 
non-EUR denominated businesses as well as liquidity risks if cash flows are reduced or existing cash and 
equivalent liquidity is insufficient to meet EDP's commitments. In addition, economic disruption and 
depressed markets could affect EDP's assets and portfolio (for example, by delaying the construction or 
development of its projects, delaying asset maintenance, delaying auctions for new concessions or the 
execution of its corporate strategy, any of which may lead to an increase in costs, loss of profit and potential 
contractual disputes and penalties), processes (for example, by causing service disruptions among its critical 
suppliers), human resources, in particular key executive management or technical personnel (for example, 
illnesses may lead to health-related absenteeism which may, in turn, reduce productivity, as well as know-
how and competitiveness in the Group) and IT systems (for example, any failure from outsourcers may 
disrupt the level of maintenance and support available to EDP and its business activities). In addition, the 
adverse macro-economic impact of the pandemic may reduce EDP's growth prospects and business 
profitability. In some countries, an economic downturn could lead to public finance difficulties, which 
alongside possible social unrest may cause unexpected changes in governments and government policies 
that could possibly be negative for EDP's business profitability or growth prospects. Any of these factors 
could have a material adverse effect on EDP's business, financial condition, results of operations and 
prospects. The regulatory and physical risks of climate change could materially increase EDP's compliance 
and operating costs and adversely impact its results of operations and financial position. 
Climate change may have a significant and wide-spread impact on EDP's and its stakeholders' activities 
over the medium to long-term. EDP faces transition risks related to the adoption of low-carbon strategies 
implemented to prevent and mitigate the effect of climate change, such as regulatory incentives and 
penalties, carbon pricing systems, energy efficiency solutions and low carbon products/services. The 
implementation of such policies to promote carbon reduction may impact the operations of EDP, in 
particular the operations of EDP's thermal plants which rely on coal and natural gas and are required to 
purchase CO2 certificates, the market price of which fluctuates and can have an adverse impact on EDP's 
costs. In addition, EDP faces physical risks related to changes in meteorological conditions, such as changes 
to average temperatures, structural changes in water and/or wind volumes and solar exposure, average sea 
levels, or the incidence of extreme climatic events, such as storms floods, or temperature extremes that 
would result in a significant impact on EDP's hydro, wind and solar generation revenues as well as on its 
assets' resilience. EDP may not be able to predict, mitigate or adapt to the long-term regulatory and physical 
changes associated with such climate change which could have a material adverse effect on EDP's business, 
financial condition, results of operations and prospects.

--- Page 20 ---
- 12 - 
 
 
The conflict between Russia and Ukraine could adversely affect EDP's results of operations. 
In February 2022, following Russia's invasion of Ukraine, the U.S. and other countries announced sanctions 
against Russia. The sanctions announced by the U.S. and other countries against Russia to date include 
restrictions on selling or importing goods, services or technology in or from affected regions, travel bans 
and asset freezes impacting connected individuals and political, military, business and financial 
organisations in Russia, severing Russia's largest bank from the U.S. financial system, barring some 
Russian enterprises from raising money in the U.S. market and blocking the access of Russian banks to 
financial markets. The U.S. and other countries could impose wider sanctions and take other actions should 
the conflict further escalate.  
For the Group specifically, the conflict has particular relevance in relation to the continuity of the Group's 
business in Europe, and for possibly more attenuated spill-overs for the operations in North America, Latin 
America and Asia. The Russia-Ukraine conflict has resulted in several impacts, direct and indirect, either 
due to the presence of EDP operations in border regions with Ukraine, the dependence on products and raw 
materials coming from the region or the general impact (increase of volatility) on the prices of gas and 
electricity caused by the conflict. The proximity of physical generation assets (in particular, EDP 
Renováveis, S.A.'s ("EDP Renováveis" or "EDPR")) to the border with Ukraine, namely in Poland, 
Romania and Hungary, presents EDP with a greater risk of suffering damage in the event of a geographic 
expansion of the military conflict. There may also be constraints or increases in the maintenance costs of 
assets due to a rise in the price of resources and raw materials, and/or due to the unavailability of labour 
coming from the affected countries. In terms of regulation. in addition to the temporary cap on the price of 
gas introduced in Iberia, there may be further changes in market structure or regulatory measures which 
may impact on the Group's business, including sectorial charges, windfall taxes, or measures to reduce 
energy consumption. 
In the event geopolitical tensions fail to abate or deteriorate further, additional governmental sanctions may 
be enacted adversely impacting the global economy and supply chain, banking and monetary systems, 
markets or customers for our products, which could adversely affect EDP's results of operations. 
EDP's assets could be damaged by natural and man-made disasters or crisis and EDP could face civil 
liabilities or other losses as a result. 
EDP's assets and facilities are subject to risks and damage associated with fire, explosions, leaks storms, 
acts of terrorism, war, and other natural or man-made disasters, which may result in damage to EDP's plants, 
infrastructure and nearby properties, injury to employees and others and interruption of operations, which 
may lead to an increase in costs and liabilities. EDP's inability to successfully recover should it experience 
a disaster or other business continuity problem could cause material financial loss, loss of human capital, 
regulatory action and reputational harm. While EDP seeks to take precautions against such disasters, 
maintain disaster recovery strategies and purchase levels of insurance coverage that it regards as 
commercially appropriate, should any damage occur and be substantial, EDP could incur losses and 
damages not recoverable under insurance policies in force, which may in turn impact EDP's assets, business, 
financial condition, prospects or results of operations. 
Such events could cause severe damage to EDP's power plants, transmission and distribution networks and 
facilities, requiring extensive repair or the replacement of costly equipment and may limit EDP's ability to 
operate and generate income from such facilities for a period of time. Such incidents could also cause 
significant damage to natural resources or property belonging to third parties, or personal injuries, which 
could lead to significant claims against EDP and its subsidiaries. The insurance coverage that EDP 
maintains for such natural disasters, catastrophic accidents and acts of terrorism may become unavailable 
or be insufficient to cover losses or liabilities related to certain of these risks. 
Furthermore, the consequences of these events may create significant and long-lasting environmental or 
health hazards and pollution and may be harmful or a nuisance to neighbouring residents. EDP may be 
required to pay damages or fines, clean up environmental damage or dismantle power plants in order to 
comply with environmental or health and safety regulations. Environmental laws in certain jurisdictions in 
which EDP operates, including the United States, impose liability, and sometimes liability without regard 
to fault, for releases of hazardous substances into the environment. EDP could be liable under these laws 
and regulations at current and former facilities and third party sites.

--- Page 21 ---
- 13 - 
 
 
EDP may also face civil liabilities or fines in the ordinary course of its business as a result of damages to 
third parties caused by the natural and man-made disasters mentioned above. These liabilities may result in 
EDP being required to make indemnification payments in accordance with applicable laws that may not be 
fully covered by its insurance policies. 
A disruption or failure of the Group's systems or operations in the event of a major earthquake, flood, 
weather event, public health crisis, cyber-attack, terrorist attack, war or other catastrophic event could affect 
EDP's operations and financial condition if it occurs in a country or region where EDP operates its business, 
or from which EDP sources materials and/or equipment and components that are essential for the operation, 
or required in the construction and development of, its power plants. A catastrophic event that results in the 
destruction or disruption of any of the Group's critical business or energy infrastructure could harm its 
ability to conduct normal business operations and, consequently, its results of operations. Such natural 
disasters and other catastrophic events may result in additional costs in replacing equipment and 
infrastructure, potential difficulties in executing maintenance of EDP's assets and possible legal liabilities 
and reputational harm. 
In particular, EDP has an interest in a nuclear power plant through EDP España, S.A.U. (formerly 
Hidroelectrica del Cantábrico S.A.U., "EDP España"), which holds a 15.5 per cent. interest in the Trillo 
nuclear power plant in Spain. As required by the international treaties ratified by Spain, Spanish law and 
regulations limit the liability of nuclear plant operators for nuclear accidents. Spanish law provides that the 
operator of each nuclear facility is liable for up to €700 million as a result of claims relating to a single 
nuclear accident. EDP would be liable for its proportional share of this €700 million amount. Trillo has 
insurance to cover potential liabilities related to third parties arising from a nuclear accident in Trillo for 
up to €700 million, including environment liability up to the same limit. In the proportion of EDP España's 
stake in Trillo, EDP could be subject to the risks arising from the operation of nuclear facilities and the 
storage and handling of radioactive materials. Any such calamities are likely to result in a worsened macro-
economic environment and could have a material adverse effect on EDP's business, financial condition, 
results of operations and prospects. 
EDP is subject to compliance costs as well as liabilities under environmental, health and safety laws 
and regulations. 
EDP's businesses are subject to numerous environmental regulations. These include national, regional and 
local laws and regulations of the different countries in which EDP operates, as well as supra-national laws, 
particularly EU regulations and directives and international environmental agreements. More restrictive or 
less favourable regulations, or the stricter interpretation of current regulations, such as an obligation to 
modify existing power plants and associated facilities or the implementation of additional inspection, 
monitoring, clean up or remediation procedures, could lead to changes in EDP's operating conditions that 
might require additional capital expenditure, increase its operating costs or otherwise hinder the 
development of its business. Environmental regulations affecting EDP's businesses primarily relate to air 
emissions, water and soil pollution, waste disposal and electromagnetic fields. 
EDP continues to operate according to its current CO2 management practices and according to existing 
legislation and regulations regarding these emissions. There can be no assurance, however, that EDP will 
manage its CO2 emissions to be less than or equal to the number of emission allowances it holds (or 
otherwise acquires) nor that the current relevant European or local laws, regulations and targets will not be 
subject to change in the future. Less stringent CO2 regulations in the EU may cause the price for CO2 
allowances to decrease and as a consequence power prices to fall, which would in turn impact EDP's gross 
margin in the short term and lead to slower deployment of new renewable capacity, thus reducing EDP's 
growth prospects in the long-term. 
Apart from CO2, the major waste products of electricity generation using fossil fuels are sulphur dioxide, 
nitrogen oxide, and particulate matter, such as dust and ash. A primary focus of the environmental 
regulations applicable to EDP's business is to reduce these emissions, and EDP may have to incur 
significant costs in the future to comply with environmental regulations that require the implementation of 
preventive, mitigation or remediation measures. Environmental regulation may include emission limits, 
cap-and-trade mechanisms, taxes or remediation measures, among others, and may determine EDP's 
policies in ways that affect its business decisions and strategy, notably discouraging the use of certain fuels. 
EDP has incurred, and will continue to incur, capital and operating expenditures and other costs in the 
ordinary course of business in complying with safety and environmental laws and regulations in the

--- Page 22 ---
- 14 - 
 
 
jurisdictions in which it operates. Although EDP does not currently anticipate any significant capital 
expenditure in connection with environmental regulations outside of the ordinary course of business, EDP 
can provide no assurance that such capital expenditure will not be incurred or required in the future. 
Additionally, EDP may incur costs outside of the ordinary course of business to compensate for any 
environmental or other harm caused by its facilities or to repair damages resulting from any accident or act 
of sabotage. 
In certain jurisdictions, EDP may be under a legal or contractual obligation to dismantle its facilities and 
restore the related site to a specified standard at the end of its operating term. In some cases, EDP is required 
to provide collateral for these obligations. EDP usually includes a provision in its accounts for dismantling 
and decommissioning costs based on its estimates of such costs, but there is no guarantee that such 
provisions reflect all its dismantling and decommissioning obligations costs or the real costs incurred or to 
be incurred. As such, EDP may incur higher costs than provisioned and/or expected, which could have a 
material adverse effect on EDP's business, financial condition, results of operations and prospects. 
Violations of environmental laws protecting migratory birds and endangered species in certain jurisdictions 
may also result in criminal penalties and fines. EDP's operational performance and profitability may also 
be adversely affected by changes in health and safety regulations in the future. Changes in health and safety 
regulations may affect the design of industrial equipment in the future or the manner in which EDP's power 
plants are constructed, including in ways that materially adversely affect EDP's operational performance or 
EDP's profitability, business, financial condition, results of operations and prospects. 
Changes in electricity, sale prices and other revenue related assumptions, or changes in costs with 
fuel and CO2 licence could result in lower than expected revenue, higher than expected costs, 
decreased profitability and generation asset impairments. 
Electricity generation assets have a significant portion of their revenues derived from market prices or 
contracted sales. Additionally, the cost of fuel and CO2 allowances represent a significant portion of the 
total cost related to EDP's thermal generation. As a result, a decrease in sales prices for any given reason 
and/or an increase in the cost of either coal, natural gas or CO2 licences could make any given generation 
asset less competitive than energy produced from other sources, which could decrease revenues, increase 
costs and the profitability of EDP's coal plants. If EDP's thermal plants suffer a significant decrease in 
profitability, EDP could be required to recognise an impairment of its assets. If EDP is required to recognise 
additional impairments and incur added expenses relating to accelerated depreciation and amortisation, 
decommissioning, reclamation and cancellation of long-term fuel contracts of such generating plants and 
facilities, it could materially adversely affect EDP's operational performance or EDP's profitability, 
business, financial condition, results of operations and prospects. 
2. 
Risks relating to the strategy of EDP 
For further information on the strategy of EDP, please see "EDP and the EDP Group - Strategy of EDP". 
EDP may be exposed to additional risks if it performs mergers and acquisitions ("M&A") activities. 
EDP may seek opportunities to expand its operations in the future through strategic acquisitions or re-focus 
its core business activities or markets through strategic and/or non-core divestments. EDP plans to assess 
each investment based on extensive financial and market analysis, which may include certain assumptions. 
The process of exploring, assessing and conducting M&A activity can be time consuming and costly in 
terms of the time spent by EDP's management identifying and assessing whether a divestment or acquisition 
is in line with EDP's strategy, the expenses EDP is required to commit in advisory fees, the costs of 
financing such a transaction, the process of obtaining relevant surveys, licences and approvals and the legal 
due diligence EDP is required to undertake. 
Even if EDP is satisfied with the benefits of a particular transaction, there can be no guarantees that EDP 
will successfully complete such M&A activity as it may be unable to agree acceptable terms of sale or 
purchase, or be unable to obtain the necessary licences and approvals from regulatory authorities. This 
could happen at any stage during M&A activity, even when EDP has already spent considerable time, 
resources and expenses on a transaction. Conversely, if a transaction can be agreed, there can be no 
guarantees that EDP will be able to realise the identified, diligenced and assumed benefits from such M&A 
activity or that any new assets, staff or businesses can be integrated with its existing operations.

--- Page 23 ---
- 15 - 
 
 
Moreover, M&A transactions may be subject to authorisations from licensing and regulatory authorities. 
As such, there can be no certainty that EDP will manage such issues relating to its M&A activity 
successfully, that it will successfully integrate or complete its M&A activity or realise the anticipated 
synergies or benefits of such M&A activity. Any failure or perceived failure by EDP in this regard could 
have a material adverse effect on its reputation and on its business, financial condition, or results of 
operations, including the sustainability of EDP's business over time which could, in turn, impact its ability 
to meet its obligations under any Instruments. 
Increased focus by investors on environmental, social and governance matters may impact EDP's 
business and reputation. 
Environmental, social and governance ("ESG") matters are of increasing importance, with companies 
facing heightened scrutiny for their performance on a variety of ESG matters, which are considered to 
contribute to the long-term sustainability of companies' performance. In particular, EDP has been focusing 
on ESG matters as part of its strategy and subsequently and publicly announced a number of sustainability 
targets. Accordingly, if such targets are not met or there are other negative ESG developments, this could 
have a material reputational impact, and could lead to actions by regulators or impact the attractiveness of 
EDP to investors. 
A variety of organisations measure the performance of companies on such ESG topics, and the results of 
these assessments are widely publicised. Topics taken into account in such assessments include, among 
others, EDP's efforts and impacts on climate change, ethics and compliance with law, and the role of EDP's 
boards of directors in supervising various sustainability issues. A number of advocacy groups, both 
domestic and international, have campaigned for governmental and private action to promote change at 
public companies related to ESG matters. These activities include for example, demands for action related 
to climate change, promoting the use of substitutes to fossil fuel products, and encouraging the divestment 
of companies in the fossil fuel industry, as well as the adoption of social and governance sustainable 
practices. However, the methodologies and practices related to the assessments that evaluate ESG initiatives 
vary and are developing, which can lead to inconsistent reporting and indicators which evaluate ESG 
initiatives are not always consistent or reliable. 
There can be no certainty that EDP will manage such issues successfully, or that it will successfully meet 
its ESG targets and society's expectations. Any failure or perceived failure by EDP in this regard could 
have a material adverse effect on its reputation and on its business, financial condition, or results of 
operations, including the sustainability of EDP's business over time. 
EDP is exposed to the uncertainty of the macroeconomic, political and social environment. 
EDP's operational results and capacity to execute its strategy are directly related to, among other factors, 
the political and social conditions as well as the general level of economic activity in the countries in which 
EDP operates. The global economy and the global financial system have in the past experienced periods of 
significant turbulence and uncertainty, including a very severe dislocation of the financial markets and 
stress to the sovereign debt and economies of certain EU countries including Portugal and Spain where 
EDP has a significant presence. This market dislocation was historically accompanied by recessionary 
conditions and trends in many economies throughout the EU. 
Additionally, even under normal economic and social conditions, EDP cannot predict how the economic 
cycle will develop or whether there will be a deterioration of the economic situation globally or in Portugal, 
Spain, Brazil and the United States or any other country where EDP operates. As a result of any such 
recessionary conditions or economic deterioration, and resultant loss of liquidity in the global economy, 
executing EDP's strategy could prove to be more challenging. 
Furthermore, the Group is subject to risks associated with the instability of the political and social 
environment in each of the jurisdictions where it operates, including among other things, (i) increase in 
taxation; (ii) lower and/or less financially attractive investment opportunities as consequence of negative 
evolution of public policy on the energy sector; (iii) changes in regulation which impose additional costs 
or reduce revenues for EDP; (iv) expropriation or nationalisation of assets; (v) attacks on EDP's energy 
infrastructure; (vi) foreign exchange controls; (vii) taxes on remittances and other payments by subsidiaries; 
(viii) requirements to comply with conflicting national and local regulatory requirements; (ix) potential 
difficulties in staffing and labour disputes; and (x) civil disturbances and governmental instability. The

--- Page 24 ---
- 16 - 
 
 
occurrence of any of these risks could have a material adverse effect on EDP's business, financial condition, 
results of operations and prospects. 
EDP may not be able to keep pace with the rapidly evolving technological changes in the energy 
sector which could adversely impact its ability to increase, or maintain, its competitiveness. 
The technologies used in the energy sector have undergone rapid changes in the past and may in the future 
continue to change rapidly as techniques to generate, distribute and retail electricity are constantly 
improving and becoming more complex. In order for EDP to maintain its competitiveness and to expand 
its business, it must effectively adjust to such technological changes. In particular, technologies related to 
power generation, electricity transmission, distribution and supply of energy-related services are constantly 
updated and modified. EDP may be unable to identify, acquire or develop these technologies in a timely 
manner or without significant investment. If EDP is unable to modernise its technologies quickly and 
regularly and to take advantage of industry trends, it could face increased pressure from competitors and 
lose market share in the markets in which it operates. EDP could also lose valuable opportunities to expand 
its operations in existing and new markets if it is unable to integrate new technologies into its operations. 
Specifically, the evolution of technologies relating to distributed solar generation, utility-scale solar 
generation, floating and non-floating offshore wind generation, electricity storage and batteries and 
demand-side management may in the future come to be critical to EDP's competitive position and business 
prospects. A number of these technologies are core to EDP's strategy, particularly its focus on development 
of renewables, and any failure to successfully implement technological developments effectively could 
have a negative impact on EDP's longer term competitive position. In addition, other technologies which 
are currently deemed less important or others which may yet be developed have the potential to have equally 
or more disruptive impacts in the energy sector and on EDP's competitiveness. Moreover, new entrants in 
the supply, energy management and services sectors such as aggregators and players skilled in managing 
demand-side capacity and/or in the internet-of-things technology may also disrupt these business segments 
and cause EDP to lose market share. There can be no assurance that EDP will be able to identify, invest in 
or acquire the necessary technologies to increase or maintain its competitiveness, which in turn could have 
a material adverse effect on EDP's business, financial condition, results of operations and prospects. 
EDP depends on relationships with joint venture partners and other third parties for revenues. 
EDP has in the past invested in assets alongside other business partners or executed M&A deals such that 
created jointly-held assets, with EDP holding a minority interest, control or equal rights. Some of these 
joint ventures are significant to the successful execution of EDP's strategy, such as the joint-venture with 
Engie, société anonyme ("Engie") in offshore wind generation. 
In these instances of joint-ventures, business partnerships or other shared asset holdings in which EDP is 
currently involved or may be in the future, there is a risk of governance disputes causing operational or 
managerial difficulties such as slower decision making, limitations in asset rotation deals, increased 
difficulty in refinancing these businesses or adverse spill over reputational effects from a business partner's 
actions. These examples or other forms of governance risks can result in reduced profitability, reputational 
risks or other impacts in the perceived value of EDP. Although no such issues have materially affected EDP 
in the past, there can be no assurance of that being the case in the future. 
Joint venture transactions present certain operational risks, including the possibility that joint venture 
partners may have economic, business or legal interests or goals that are inconsistent with those of EDP, 
may become bankrupt, may refuse to make additional investments that EDP deems necessary or desirable 
or may prove otherwise unwilling or unable to fulfil their obligations under the relevant joint venture 
agreements. To the extent that EDP does not control a joint venture, the joint venture partners may take 
action that is not in accordance with EDP's policies or objectives. For example, joint venture partners may 
have the ability to block business, financial or management decisions, such as the decision to distribute 
dividends or appoint members of management, which may be crucial to the success of the project or to the 
investment in the project or otherwise implement initiatives that are contrary to EDP's interest. In addition, 
there is a risk that such joint venture partners may ultimately become competitors of EDP. 
Further, the success of these joint ventures also depends, in large part, on the satisfactory performance by 
EDP's joint venture partners of their contractual, financial, legal, regulatory and other obligations, including 
their obligation to commit working capital, equity or credit support, to support their indemnification and 
other contractual obligations and to comply with applicable laws and regulations. If a joint venture partner 
fails to perform its obligations satisfactorily or the relationship between the joint venture partners

--- Page 25 ---
- 17 - 
 
 
deteriorates or, ultimately, breaks down, for whatever reason, the joint venture may be unable to adequately 
perform or deliver its contracted services. Under these circumstances, EDP may be required to make 
additional investment and provide additional resources to ensure the adequate performance and delivery of 
the contracted services and there can be no assurance that EDP will recover any additional investment or 
additional resource in a timely manner or at all. This could in turn have a material adverse effect on EDP's 
business, financial condition, results of operations and prospects. 
EDP is subject to increasing competition in the markets and regions where it operates. 
Structural changes in competition in the markets where EDP operates may have an impact on EDP's 
business activity, such as new entrants to the market, declines in demand, excess capacity or the launch of 
marketing campaigns, products or services. 
In its Renewables segment, increased competition may cause EDP to be unsuccessful in obtaining licences 
for the construction or operation of new power plants, in acquiring available sites and grid interconnection 
rights, and in setting prices for energy produced. Although EDP has generally been able to obtain a 
sufficient number of interconnection rights through tender processes in the past, there is no certainty that it 
will be able to obtain such rights in the future, particularly in light of an increasingly competitive 
environment. Failure to obtain these rights may cause delays to, or prevent the development of, EDP's wind 
and solar power projects and affect the recoverability of any cost incurred. In addition, EDP's existing or 
future interconnection rights may not be sufficient to allow EDP to deliver electricity to a particular market 
or buyer. Wind and solar farms can be negatively affected by transmission congestion from other companies 
when there is insufficient available transmission capacity, which could result in lower prices for wind and 
solar farms selling power into locally priced markets, such as certain U.S. markets. The renewable energy 
market has been subject to an increase in the number of competitors with different backgrounds (including 
traditional companies operating in the utilities sector, newly specialised renewable companies, financial 
investors, companies from the oil and gas sector and others). These and other competitors may benefit from 
a number of advantages, including control of significantly greater resources, wider diversification of risk, 
larger financial capacity, improved economies of scale, enhanced specialisation and technological 
innovation and/or broader or deeper technical and operational expertise. Increased competition may hinder 
the ability of EDP to grow its installed renewable capacity and deliver its strategic targets. 
In its Network segment, EDP also faces competition with respect to its electricity transmission and 
distribution businesses, namely through competitive bids in auctions for new concessions and or/renewal 
of existing concessions in the different geographies where EDP is present or seeks new business. Increased 
competition could materially adversely affect the profitability and growth of this particular business and, 
in turn, the profitability of EDP. 
In its Client Solutions and Energy Management segment, the liberalised markets in Portugal, Spain and 
Brazil, which were created to increase competitiveness in electricity and natural gas supply markets, have 
observed aggressiveness of retail offers from suppliers competing with EDP and added further volatility in 
terms of market shares and unit price margins. Moreover, there is a risk that the liberalised markets may 
result in deviations in actual consumption that differ from the Group's forecasting model. EDP may not be 
able to anticipate the various risks and opportunities that may arise in the liberalised markets in which EDP 
operates, namely in Portugal, Spain and Brazil's electricity and natural gas markets, and the eventual end 
of the role of last resort suppliers in the regulated market, which could have a material adverse effect on 
EDP's business, financial condition, results of operations and prospects. 
EDP may also increasingly face new entrants with distinct competitive advantages in terms of technological 
skills and distribution channels, namely in decentralised solar, electric mobility, demand-side management 
and internet-of-things sectors. Such competition, being generally different from the traditional players of 
this industry, may make it more difficult for EDP to achieve its strategy or may cause it to lose market share 
in existing businesses. 
EDP's international operations are exposed to a variety of economic, social and political risks which 
have a material adverse effect on EDP's results of operations and financial condition. 
EDP has a significant share of its activities distributed across various countries, including in Latin America, 
North America and Asia-Pacific. In the future, EDP may increase the share of its operations in these 
geographies and/or enter new countries. Investments in Latin America, North America and other countries 
outside the Eurozone present a different or greater financial risk profile to EDP than those made in the

--- Page 26 ---
- 18 - 
 
 
Eurozone. As a result, EDP is exposed to a variety of global and local economic, political, regulatory and 
social conditions, including, among others: (i) energy market risks; (ii) compliance with local legislation; 
(iii) economic volatility; (iv) exchange rate fluctuations and exchange controls; (v) differing levels of 
inflationary pressures; (vi) differing levels of government involvement in the domestic economy; (vii) 
political uncertainty; (viii) unanticipated changes in regulatory or legal regimes; and (ix) geopolitical events 
including military conflicts. 
In some geographies where EDP operates or others where it may enter in the future, public institutions and 
governments may be characterised by lack of transparency, corruption, lower level law enforcement and 
difficulties in protection of contractual and property rights or other practices that go against EDP's ethical 
principles and legislation or regulations to which it is subject in other countries, namely anti-corruption 
and/or anti-bribery legislation. In addition, EDP's activities and/or procedures in a given country may be 
affected by legislation, sanctions, embargoes or other restrictions imposed by another country. Failure to 
comply with any of these regulations and laws may result in fines or penalties and legal liabilities. 
Moreover, some regions may face heightened risks of terrorism, civil unrest, war or other threats to the 
safety of EDP's or its affiliates' employees, assets and/or facilities. These impacts, alongside other economic 
risks related to inflationary pressures, capital flow and exchange rate controls and unexpected political 
intervention in the economy create additional risks for EDP that could adversely materialise into lower 
profitability, difficulties in receiving cash flows from subsidiaries or affiliates, loss of assets or their 
economic value, reputational impact and legal exposure. 
EDP's Brazilian operations expose EDP to economic and regulatory risks 
EDP has long-standing operations in Brazil, through its listed subsidiary EDP Brasil and the Brazilian 
operations of EDP Renováveis. EDP's operations in Brazil through EDP Brasil also subject EDP to a 
number of risks, which are fluctuations in currency exchange rates,  foreign and legal regulatory 
requirements, difficulties in managing and staffing international operations,  potentially 
adverse 
tax 
consequences, including complexities of international tax systems and restrictions on the repatriation of 
earnings, expropriation or governmental regulation restricting foreign ownership or requiring divestiture, 
increases in the cost of labour (as a result of unionisation or otherwise), environmental and climate change, 
the burdens of complying with different legal standards and political, social and economic upheaval. The 
occurrence of any of these risks could in particular negatively affect EDP's Brazilian operations, which 
could have a material adverse effect on EDP's business, financial condition, results of operations and 
prospects. 
EDP may in the future be subject to a change of control. 
As a publicly listed issuer, EDP – Energias de Portugal, S.A.'s shares may be the subject of a tender offer 
or the subject of any transaction resulting in one or more entities acquiring control of the majority of voting 
rights in EDP – Energias de Portugal, S.A. 
In the event of such a change of control, a majority shareholder may have, directly or indirectly, the power 
to affect, among other things, the capital structure, asset base and the day-to-day operations of EDP, as well 
as the ability to elect and change the management of EDP and the ability to approve other changes to the 
operations and strategies of EDP and the Group. There can be no assurance that the Group would not be 
materially impacted should a change of control result in any of these events, which could, in turn, have a 
material adverse effect on the business, financial condition, results of operations and prospects of the Group. 
EDP B.V. is a funding vehicle for the Group. 
EDP B.V. is a funding vehicle for the Group and its sole purpose is to raise finance in the international loan 
and capital markets and provide funds and investment services to the Group, including by entering into 
intra‐group loan agreements. EDP B.V. is exposed to interest rate risk and currency risk over its outstanding 
intra‐ group loans and external borrowings, which could adversely impact its ability to meet its financial 
obligations. EDP B.V. does not engage in any other activity and does not have any other sources of revenue. 
Therefore, given its sole purpose as a funding vehicle for the Group, any risk factors affecting the ability 
of other companies in the Group to meet their financial obligations also affect EDP B.V. and should be read 
accordingly.

--- Page 27 ---
- 19 - 
 
 
3. 
Risks relating to EDP's operational activities 
For further information on the business of EDP, see "EDP and the EDP Group". 
EDP may encounter problems and delays constructing or connecting its electricity generation, 
transmission and distribution facilities. 
EDP faces risks relating to the construction of its electricity generation, transmission and distribution 
facilities, including risks relating to the availability of equipment from reliable suppliers, availability of 
building materials and key components, availability of key personnel, including qualified engineering 
personnel, delays in construction timetables and completion of the projects within budget and estimate date 
of commissioning and to required specifications. EDP may also encounter various setbacks such as adverse 
weather conditions, difficulties in connecting to electricity transmission grids, construction defects, 
delivery failures by suppliers, unexpected delays in obtaining zoning and other permits and authorisations 
or legal actions brought by third parties. Such problems or delays could expose EDP to a variety of costs, 
including, among others, increasing EDP's construction costs, exposing it to contractual damages, or 
delaying when EDP expects to begin accruing benefits under such facilities or contracts. In addition, a 
decision to postpone or cancel construction of a project may lead to penalties and a loss of payments 
performed, for example, in connection with concession licence rights. The occurrence of any of these 
events, whether individually or cumulatively, could have a material adverse effect on EDP's business, 
financial condition, and/or results of operations. 
Equipment failure at its power plants, electricity transmission and/or distribution networks may 
negatively impact EDP's results of operations and financial performance. 
EDP's business and ability to generate revenue depend on the availability and operating performance of the 
equipment necessary to operate its power plants and electricity transmission and distribution networks. 
Mechanical failures or other defects in equipment, or accidents that result in non-performance or under-
performance of a power plant or electricity transmission or distribution network could have a material 
adverse effect on EDP's business, financial condition, results of operations and prospects. The cost to EDP 
of these failures or defects is reduced to the extent that EDP has the benefit of warranties or guarantees 
provided by equipment suppliers that cover the costs of repair or replacement of defective components or 
mechanical failures, or the losses resulting from such accidents can be partially recoverable by insurance 
policies in force. However, while EDP typically receives liquidated damages from suppliers for shortfalls 
in performance or availability (up to an agreed cap and for a limited period of time), there can be no 
assurance that such liquidated damages would fully compensate EDP for the shortfall and resulting decrease 
in revenues or penalties incurred, or that such suppliers will be able or willing to fulfil such warranties and 
guarantees, which in some cases may result in costly and time-consuming litigation or other proceedings, 
which could have a material adverse effect on EDP's business, financial condition, results of operations and 
prospects. 
Information technology ("IT") system failures or breaches could materially adversely affect EDP's 
operations. 
EDP's IT systems are critically important in supporting all of its business activities. Failures in EDP's IT 
systems could result from technical malfunctions, human error, lack of system capacity, security or software 
breaches. The introduction of new technologies and the development of new uses, such as social 
networking, expose EDP to new threats. In addition, cyber-attacks and hacking attempts to which 
companies may fall victim are increasingly targeted and carried out by specialists. Any failure or 
malfunctioning of EDP's IT systems could seriously affect its businesses and result in, among other things, 
breaches of confidentiality, delays or loss of data. 
EDP has in the past been, and may in the future be, the target of cyber-attacks. There can be no assurance 
that the Group will not be materially impacted by cyber-attacks in the future, which could have a material 
adverse effect on EDP's business, financial condition, results of operations and prospects. 
In addition, EDP also collects and stores sensitive data from customers, business partners, suppliers, 
institutional stakeholders and internal confidential information that is needed for its operations. This data 
is subject to data privacy protection regulations, namely the General Data Protection Regulation in the EU. 
Any events related to cyber-attacks, security breaches, computer viruses, malware or other that result in the 
loss of control of this data can potentially have a negative impact on EDP by means of regulatory fines,

--- Page 28 ---
- 20 - 
 
 
legal claims or liabilities, loss of customer confidence, reputational effects and otherwise materially 
adversely affect EDP's business, results of operations, financial condition and prospects. EDP's strategy 
also encompasses a commitment to digitalising its operations and technology in order to allow EDP to 
become more agile, flexible, global and efficient. Failure to meet such commitment could have a material 
adverse effect on EDP's business, financial condition, results of operations and prospects. 
EDP's power plants are susceptible to industrial accidents, and employees or third parties may suffer 
bodily injury or death as a result of such accidents. 
The design and manufacturing process is ultimately controlled by EDP's equipment suppliers or 
manufacturers rather than EDP, and there can be no assurance that accidents will not result during the 
installation or operation of this equipment. Such accidents or events could cause severe damage to EDP's 
power plants and facilities, requiring extensive repair or the replacement of costly equipment and may limit 
EDP's ability to operate and generate income from such facilities for a period of time. Such incidents could 
also cause significant damage to natural resources or property belonging to third parties, or personal 
injuries, which could lead to significant claims against EDP and its subsidiaries. The insurance coverage 
that EDP maintains for such natural disasters, catastrophic accidents and acts of terrorism may become 
unavailable or be insufficient to cover losses or liabilities related to certain of these risks. The 
materialisation of any of these risks could have a material adverse effect on EDP's business, financial 
condition, results of operations and prospects. 
EDP is unable to insure itself fully or against all potential risks and may become subject to higher 
insurance premiums. 
EDP's business is exposed to the inherent risks in the construction and operation of power plants, electricity 
distribution and transmission grids and other energy-related facilities, such as mechanical breakdowns, 
manufacturing defects, natural disasters, terrorist attacks, sabotage, personal injury and other interruptions 
in service resulting from events outside of EDP's control. EDP is also exposed to environmental risks, 
including environmental conditions that may affect, destroy, damage or impair any of its facilities. EDP 
has taken out insurance policies to cover certain risks associated with its business and it has put in place 
insurance coverage that it considers to be commensurate with its business structure and risk profile, in line 
with general market practice. EDP cannot be certain, however, that its current insurance policies will fully 
insure it against all risks and losses that may arise in the future. Malfunctions or interruptions of service at 
EDP's facilities could also expose it to legal challenges and sanctions which may not be covered by 
insurance. 
In addition, while EDP has not made any material claims to date under its insurance policies that would 
make any policy void or result in an increase to the premiums payable in respect of any policy, EDP's 
insurance policies are subject to annual review by its insurers and EDP cannot be certain that these policies 
will be renewed at all or on similar or favourable terms. 
If EDP suffers loss or damage that is not covered by insurance (including where EDP has decided to absorb 
the risk through self-coverage) or which exceeds its insurance cover, or has to pay higher insurance premia, 
or fails to adequately manage internal premia (where EDP owns a captive insurer and thus self-insures part 
of its operational risks in order to optimise its insurance programmes in terms of risk held and premia costs), 
this could have a material adverse effect on EDP's business, financial condition, results of operations and 
prospects. 
EDP may have difficulty in hiring and retaining qualified personnel. 
In order to maintain and expand its business, EDP needs to recruit, promote and maintain executive 
management and qualified technical personnel. An inability in the future to attract or retain sufficient 
technical and managerial personnel could limit or delay EDP's development efforts or negatively affect its 
operations. 
The loss of key executive management or technical personnel could lead to a loss of specific know-how in 
several areas of EDP's activities, namely but not exclusively energy management, financial management, 
renewables supply chain management, thermal plants supply chain management, renewables' site discovery 
and project development, dispatch of power networks and power plants, maintenance of power networks 
and power plants or construction and dismantling of power plants. There can be no assurance that such 
losses will not occur or that adequate replacement would be found, which exposes EDP to a potential loss

--- Page 29 ---
- 21 - 
 
 
of competitiveness possibly resulting in diminished profitability and growth prospects, which could have a 
material adverse effect on EDP's business, financial condition, results of operations and prospects. 
EDP is subject to the risk of labour disputes, adverse employee relations and shortage of key 
personnel, each of which could adversely affect its operations and business 
Labour disputes could result in work stoppages, thereby damaging EDP's operations and cause EDP to 
obtain lower revenues due to a fall in sales or to incur additional costs, such as increased labour costs or 
other liabilities. Although EDP has not experienced any significant labour disputes or work stoppages to 
date, its existing labour agreements may not prevent a strike or work stoppage at any of EDP's facilities in 
the future. 
Shortage of key personnel, particularly as a result of scarcity of specialist technicians in the energy sector, 
could lead to difficulties in executing critical operations and assuring the normal flow of the various 
activities that EDP executes. This could potentially lead to unexpected costs, loss of revenue and legal 
liabilities. 
The materialisation of any of these risks could have a material adverse effect on EDP's business, financial 
condition, results of operations and prospects. 
EDP is a party in certain litigation proceedings. 
EDP is, has been, and may be from time to time in the future, subject to a number of claims and disputes in 
connection with its business activities. In the ordinary course of business, EDP and the Group may be party 
to litigation or subject to non-litigated claims and investigations, whether of a legal, regulatory or taxation-
related nature, arising out of the normal operations of its global business. EDP cannot ensure that it will 
prevail in any of these disputes or that it has adequately reserved or insured against any potential losses. 
Consequently, any such litigation, proceedings or disputes may have a material adverse effect on EDP's 
reputation and results of operations. 
See "EDP and the EDP Group - Litigation" for further information. 
4. 
Risks relating to the financial markets and financial activities of EDP 
Foreign exchange rate fluctuations may negatively impact EDP's results of operations and financial 
condition. 
EDP is subject to the risk associated with fluctuations in the cost of the purchase and sale of fossil fuels, 
electricity and related services, and with the cost of investments denominated in foreign currencies. EDP is 
also subject to the risk of transactional foreign currency, as well as currency fluctuations which can occur 
when EDP incurs revenue in one currency and costs in another, or its assets or liabilities are denominated 
in foreign currency, and there is an adverse currency fluctuation in the value of net assets, debt and income 
denominated in foreign currencies (and in the extreme case, exchange rate and capital controls). 
Moreover, certain of EDP's operating subsidiaries have in the past and may in the future enter into 
agreements or incur substantial capital expenditure denominated in a currency that is different from the 
currency in which they generate revenues, creating a potential exposure to loss of profitability in the event 
of one or both of these currencies' exchange rate adversely changing. 
EDP is also exposed to currency translation risk when the accounts of its businesses outside the Eurozone, 
denominated in the respective local currencies, are translated into its consolidated accounts, denominated 
in Euros, creating a potential exposure to loss of economic value in the event of one or more currencies' 
exchange rate adversely changing. 
Although EDP attempts to naturally hedge currency fluctuation risks by matching its non-euro costs with 
revenues in the same currency as well as by using various financial instruments, there can be no assurance 
that EDP will always be successful in doing so. 
There can be no assurance that EDP's efforts to mitigate the effects of currency exchange rate fluctuations 
will be successful, that EDP will continue to undertake hedging activities or that any current or future 
hedging activities EDP undertakes will adequately protect its financial condition and operating results from

--- Page 30 ---
- 22 - 
 
 
the effects of exchange rate fluctuations, that these activities will not result in additional losses or that EDP's 
other risk management policies will operate successfully. 
EDP's financial position may be adversely affected by volatility in the financial markets. 
EDP relies on access to short-term commercial paper, money markets and long-term bank and capital 
markets as sources of finance. In recent years, global financial markets have experienced extreme volatility 
and disruption and ongoing adverse financial market conditions, which could increase EDP's cost of 
financing in the future, particularly as a result of its debt refinancing requirements. An increase in short-
term or long-term base interest rates could also negatively impact EDP's cost of debt and reduce cash 
available for servicing EDP's indebtedness, particularly given its floating rate exposure. If EDP is unable 
to access capital at competitive rates or at all to finance its operations, implement its strategy, or service 
obligations, it may be forced to reduce or delay investments and capital expenditure, sell assets, seek 
additional capital or restructure or refinance its indebtedness. The effect of any of these, whether 
individually or aggregately, could impact EDP's financial liquidity, and thus its ability to repay Holders. 
EDP's financial position may be adversely affected by changes to EDP's credit ratings. 
Some of EDP's debt is rated by credit rating agencies. Any downgrade in EDP's credit ratings could have a 
material adverse effect on EDP's business, financial condition, results of operations and prospects. In the 
event of a rating downgrade it is possible that EDP's funding options would be reduced and the cost of new 
debt would increase. 
EDP is exposed to counterparty risk in some of its businesses. 
EDP's electricity, natural gas and services supply to final customers, its energy wholesale activities in the 
Iberian Peninsula and in international markets, as well as its PPAs, in countries such as the United States, 
Italy, Belgium and Brazil, among others, are all subject to counterparty risk. 
In the normal course of its financial management, EDP enters into agreements (deposits, underwritten credit 
facilities and derivative instruments) with diversified financial institutions. Similarly, EDP also maintains 
contractual relationships with suppliers of goods and services which are critical to the continuous 
functioning of its operations. 
EDP is dependent on such counterparties continuing to comply with and perform their contractual 
obligations to ensure there is no disruption to EDP's operational, commercial and financial activities. While 
EDP seeks to mitigate counterparty risk by entering into transactions with creditworthy entities, by setting 
counterparty exposure limits, by diversifying counterparties and/or by requiring credit support, there can 
be no assurance EDP will be able to successfully do so or that such counterparties will continue to maintain 
and perform their contractual obligations, particularly during any recession or macro-economic downturns. 
Should the creditworthiness or ongoing performance and operations of these counterparties significantly 
change, EDP's operations could be disrupted and its liquidity and financial position negatively affected. 
This could in turn have a material adverse effect on EDP's business, financial condition, results of 
operations and prospects and therefore EDP's obligations under the Instruments. 
EDP may not be able to finance its planned capital expenditure. 
EDP's business activities require significant capital expenditure. EDP expects to finance a substantial part 
of this capital expenditure from cash from its operating activities and proceeds from asset sales. If these 
sources are not sufficient, however, EDP may need to finance certain of its planned capital expenditure 
from outside sources, including bank borrowing, offerings in the capital markets, institutional equity 
partnerships, state grants or divestments. No assurance can be given that EDP will be able to raise the 
financing required for its planned capital expenditure on acceptable terms or at all. If EDP is unable to raise 
such financing, it may have to reduce its planned capital expenditure which could have a material adverse 
effect on EDP's business, financial condition, results of operations and prospects. 
EDP's business requires high upfront investments based on forecasts and estimates of future returns 
that may not be realised. 
EDP has significant construction and capital expenditure requirements, and the recovery of its capital 
investment occurs over a substantial period of time. The capital investment required to develop and 
construct a power plant generally varies based on the cost of the necessary fixed assets, such as material

--- Page 31 ---
- 23 - 
 
 
equipment costs and labour construction services. The price of such equipment or construction services 
may increase, or continue to increase, if the market demand for such equipment or services is greater than 
available supply, or if the price of key component commodities and raw materials used to build such 
equipment increases. In addition, the volatility in commodity prices could increase the overall cost of 
constructing, developing and maintaining power plants in the future. Other factors affecting the amount of 
capital investment required include, among others, construction costs and interconnection costs. The Group 
is also required to commit significant capital expenditure for maintenance purposes throughout the 
operational period of the Group's assets. There can be no assurance such capital expenditure will not differ 
from the levels initially expected, which could have a material adverse effect on EDP's business, financial 
condition, results of operations and prospects. 
Furthermore, EDP makes significant long-term capital expenditure and commitments on the basis of 
forecasts on certain investment parameters, including prices, volumes and interest rates which may turn out 
to be inaccurate. In the event of any material deviations from such estimates, EDP may not earn the expected 
return on related projects. In such instance, and also due to the level of indebtedness of EDP related to the 
capital intensive nature of its business, EDP may find it more difficult to cover the debt interest rate with 
the asset's returns, potentially leading to a competitive disadvantage relative to peers that lead EDP to forgo 
opportunities and/or require EDP to sell assets or issue further equity to meet its financial commitments. 
Additionally, in order to explore growth opportunities, EDP regularly incurs expenditure in exploring, 
developing and planning new projects. Such projects may or may not reach a stage where they become 
fully operational, thus incurring higher than expected costs. The ability to translate EDP's projects from an 
in-development to a fully-operational stage depends on several factors, including, inter alia, the prices, the 
availability of PPAs and the market conditions of where a project is located. 
EDP faces liquidity risk and may face shortage of cash to meet obligations. 
EDP's sources of liquidity include short-term deposits, revolving credit facilities and underwritten 
commercial paper programmes with a diversified group of financial institutions. There is the risk of 
devaluation of the financial assets that EDP holds (traded on securities markets) or increased difficulty in 
securing, or increased cost of, short-term refinancing. However, if the creditworthiness of the financial 
institutions on which EDP relies for its funding significantly changes or if financial conditions deteriorate, 
EDP's liquidity position could be negatively affected, which could in turn have a material adverse effect on 
EDP's business, financial condition, results of operations and prospects. 
Moreover, EDP's liquidity management also considers expected future incoming cash from its operations 
or financial activities, as well as expected future cash outflows to meet commitments with employees, 
investors, suppliers, counterparties, business partners and other stakeholders. Especially cash inflow, but 
also cash outflow projections can vary significantly and cause EDP to decrease cash and cash equivalent 
holdings and/or to increase external financing to compensate this volatility. If under such a scenario, 
external financing was not readily available or was only available at a higher cost, EDP could face higher 
financing expenses, reputational risks that impair its business prospects or even a shortage of cash and 
failure to meet commitments with its stakeholders, which could have a material adverse effect on EDP's 
business, financial condition, results of operations and prospects. 
EDP risks incurring significant future costs with respect to its employee benefit plans. 
EDP grants some of its employees a supplementary retirement and survival plan including death subsidy 
("Pension Plan") as well as a medical plan ("Medical Care Plan"). The liabilities and corresponding 
annual costs of these defined benefit Pension and Medical Care Plans are determined through annual 
actuarial calculations by independent actuaries. The most critical risks relating to employee benefit plans 
accounting often relate to the returns on Pension and Medical Care Plans assets and the discount rate used 
to assess the present value of future payments. Pension and medical care liabilities can place significant 
pressure on cash flows, in particular, if any of EDP's funds become underfunded according to local 
regulations, EDP or its relevant subsidiary may be required to make additional contributions to the funds. 
The Pension and Medical Care Plans in Portugal are currently governed by the collective labour agreement 
entered into in July 2014.

--- Page 32 ---
- 24 - 
 
 
5. 
Risks relating to the structure of an issue of Instruments 
A wide range of Instruments may be issued under the Programme. A number of these Instruments may 
have features which contain particular risks for potential investors. For further information on the structure 
of the Instruments, please see "Terms and Conditions of Senior Instruments" and "Terms and Conditions 
of Subordinated Instruments". 
The value of Fixed Rate Instruments may be adversely affected by movements in market interest 
rates. 
Investment in Fixed Rate Instruments involves the risk that if market interest rates subsequently increase 
above the rate paid on the Fixed Rate Instruments, this will adversely affect the value of the Fixed Rate 
Instruments. 
The value of the Subordinated Instruments  may be adversely affected by movements in market 
interest rates. 
 
Investment in Subordinated Instruments involves the risk that subsequent changes in market interest rates 
may adversely affect the value of Subordinated Instruments.  
From (and including) the Issue Date to (but excluding) the First Reset Date, the Subordinated Instruments 
will bear interest at a fixed interest rate. During this period, Holders will be exposed to the risk that the 
price of the Subordinated Instruments falls as a result of changes in the current interest rate on the capital 
markets (the "Market Interest Rate"). The Market Interest Rate typically changes on a daily basis. A 
change of the Market Interest Rate causes the price of the Subordinated Instruments to change. If the Market 
Interest Rate increases, the price of the Subordinated Instruments typically falls. If the Market Interest Rate 
falls, the price of the Subordinated Instruments typically increases. Investors should be aware that 
movements of the Market Interest Rate can adversely affect the price of the Subordinated Instruments and 
can lead to losses for the investors if they sell the Subordinated Instruments.  
From (and including) the First Reset Date to (but excluding) the Maturity Date, the Subordinated 
Instruments will bear interest at a rate that will be reset for each Reset Period (as applicable). As such, the 
Subordinated Instruments are exposed to the risk of fluctuating interest rate levels and uncertain interest 
income. Fluctuating interest rate levels make it impossible to determine the yield of the Subordinated 
Instruments in advance for the period from (and including) the First Reset Date to (but excluding) the 
Maturity Date. 
Instruments which are issued at a substantial discount or premium may experience price volatility 
in response to changes in market interest rates. 
The market values of securities issued at a substantial discount (such as Zero Coupon Instruments) or 
premium to their principal amount tend to fluctuate more in relation to general changes in interest rates than 
do prices for more conventional interest-bearing securities. Generally, the longer the remaining term of 
such securities, the greater the price volatility as compared to more conventional interest-bearing securities 
with comparable maturities. 
Risks related to Instruments which are linked to "benchmarks". 
Certain benchmark rates, including EURIBOR, may be discontinued or reformed in the future. 
The Euro Interbank Offered Rate ("EURIBOR") and other interest rate or other types of rates and indices 
which are deemed to be benchmarks are the subject of ongoing national and international regulatory 
discussions and proposals for reform. Some of these reforms are already effective whilst others are still to 
be implemented. 
Regulation (EU) No. 2016/1011 (the "EU Benchmarks Regulation") applies, subject to transitional 
provisions, to the provision of benchmarks, the contribution of input data to a benchmark and the use of a 
benchmark within the EU. Among other things, it (i) requires benchmark administrators to be authorised 
or registered (or, if non-EU-based, to be subject to an equivalent regime or otherwise recognised or 
endorsed) and (ii) prevents certain uses by EU supervised entities of benchmarks of administrators that are 
not authorised or registered (or, if non-EU based, not deemed equivalent or recognised or endorsed). 
Regulation (EU) 2016/1011 as it forms part of domestic law in the UK by virtue of the EUWA (the "UK

--- Page 33 ---
- 25 - 
 
 
Benchmarks Regulation") among other things, applies to the provision of benchmarks and the use of a 
benchmark in the UK. Similarly, it prohibits the use in the UK by UK supervised entities of benchmarks of 
administrators that are not authorised by the UK Financial Conduct Authority (the "FCA") or registered on 
the FCA register (or, if non-UK based, not deemed equivalent or recognised or endorsed). The EU 
Benchmarks Regulation and/or the UK Benchmarks Regulation, as applicable, could have a material impact 
on any Instruments linked to EURIBOR or another benchmark rate or index, in particular, if the 
methodology or other terms of the benchmark are changed in order to comply with the terms of the EU 
Benchmarks Regulation and/or the UK Benchmarks Regulation, as applicable. Such changes could, 
amongst other things, have the effect of reducing or increasing the rate or level, or affecting the volatility 
of the published rate or level of the relevant benchmark. 
At this time, it is not possible to predict the effect of any establishment of alternative reference rates or any 
other reforms to EURIBOR. The establishment of alternative reference rates or changes in the manner of 
administration of a benchmark could also require adjustments to the terms of benchmark-linked securities 
and may result in other consequences, such as interest payments that are lower than, or that do not otherwise 
correlate over time with, the payments that would have been made on those securities if the relevant 
benchmark was available in its current form. 
The elimination or reform of EURIBOR or any other benchmark, or changes in the manner of 
administration of any benchmark, could require or result in an adjustment to the interest calculation 
provisions of the Conditions (as further described in Condition 5.4 (Benchmark Discontinuation) of the 
Senior Instruments and Condition 4.6 (Benchmark Discontinuation) of the Subordinated Instruments), or 
result in adverse consequences to holders of any Instruments linked to such benchmark (including Floating 
Rate Instruments whose interest rates are linked to EURIBOR or any other such benchmark that is subject 
to reform). Furthermore, even prior to the implementation of any changes, uncertainty as to the nature of 
alternative reference rates and as to potential changes to such benchmark may adversely affect such 
benchmark during the term of the relevant Instruments, the return on the relevant Instruments and the 
trading market for securities (including the Instruments) based on the same benchmark. 
Benchmark Discontinuation 
The Conditions provide for certain fallback arrangements in the event that a published benchmark, such as 
EURIBOR (including any page on which such benchmark may be published (or any successor service)) 
becomes unavailable, or if the relevant Issuer or the Calculation Agent or any other party responsible for 
the calculation of the Rate of Interest (as specified in the applicable Final Terms) are no longer permitted 
lawfully to calculate interest on any Instruments by reference to such original benchmark under the EU 
Benchmarks Regulation, UK Benchmarks Regulation or otherwise. Such fallback arrangements include the 
possibility that the rate of interest could be set by reference to a successor rate or an alternative rate and 
that such successor rate or alternative reference rate may be adjusted (if required) in order to reduce or 
eliminate, to the extent reasonably practicable in the circumstances, any economic prejudice or benefit (as 
applicable) to investors arising out of the replacement of the relevant benchmark, although the application 
of such adjustments to the Instruments may not achieve this objective. Any such changes may result in the 
Instruments performing differently (which may include payment of a lower interest rate) than if the original 
benchmark continued to apply. In certain circumstances, in the case of Senior Instruments, the ultimate 
fallback of interest for a particular Interest Period may result in the rate of interest for the last preceding 
Interest Period being used and, in the case of Subordinated Instruments, the last observable Original 
Reference Rate on the Relevant Screen Page (as defined in the Conditions of the Subordinated Instruments) 
or otherwise such fallback rate as is provided for in Condition 4.1 (Interest on Subordinated Instruments) 
of the Subordinated Instruments. This may result in the effective application of a fixed rate for floating rate 
Instruments based on the rate which was last observed on the Relevant Screen Page. In addition, due to the 
uncertainty concerning the availability of successor rates and alternative reference rates and the 
involvement of an Independent Adviser (as defined in the Conditions), the relevant fallback provisions may 
not operate as intended at the relevant time. 
Any such consequences could have a material adverse effect on the value of and return on any such 
Instruments. Investors should consult their own independent advisers and make their own assessment about 
the potential risks imposed by the EU Benchmarks Regulation or UK Benchmarks Regulation reforms in 
making any investment decision with respect to any Instruments linked to or referencing a benchmark.

--- Page 34 ---
- 26 - 
 
 
The market continues to develop in relation to risk-free rates (including overnight rates) as reference 
rates for Floating Rate Instruments 
The use of risk-free rates - including those such as the Sterling Overnight Index Average ("SONIA"), the 
Secured Overnight Financing Rate ("SOFR") and the euro short-term rate ("€STR"), as reference rates for 
Eurobonds continues to develop. This relates not only to the substance of the calculation and the 
development and adoption of market infrastructure for the issuance and trading of bonds referencing such 
rates, but also how widely such rates and methodologies might be adopted. 
The market or a significant part thereof may adopt an application of risk-free rates that differs significantly 
from that set out in the Conditions and used in relation to Instruments that reference risk-free rates issued 
under this Programme. In the future, Instruments may also be issued referencing SONIA, the SONIA 
Compounded Index, SOFR, the SOFR Compounded Index or €STR that differ materially in terms of 
interest determination when compared with any previous Instruments issued under this Programme. The 
development of risk-free rates for the Eurobond markets could result in reduced liquidity or increased 
volatility, or could otherwise affect the market price of any Instruments that reference a risk-free rate issued 
under this Programme from time to time. 
In addition, the manner of adoption or application of risk-free rates in the Eurobond markets may differ 
materially compared with the application and adoption of risk-free rates in other markets, such as the 
derivatives and loan markets. Investors should carefully consider how any mismatch between the adoption 
of such reference rates in the bond, loan and derivatives markets may impact any hedging or other financial 
arrangements which they may put in place in connection with any acquisition, holding or disposal of 
Instruments referencing such risk-free rates. 
In particular, investors should be aware that several different methodologies have been used in risk-free 
rate instruments issued to date. No assurance can be given that any particular methodology, including the 
compounding formula in the terms and conditions of the Instruments, will gain widespread market 
acceptance. In addition, market participants and relevant working groups are still exploring alternative 
reference rates based on risk-free rates, including various ways to produce term versions of certain risk-free 
rates (which seek to measure the market's forward expectation of an average of these reference rates over a 
designated term, as they are overnight rates) or different measures of such risk-free rates. If the relevant 
risk-free rates do not prove to be widely used in securities like the Instruments, the trading price of such 
Instruments linked to such risk-free rates may be lower than those of Instruments referencing indices that 
are more widely used. 
Investors should consider these matters when making their investment decision with respect to any 
Instruments which reference SONIA, SOFR, €STR or any related indices. 
Risk-free rates may differ from LIBOR and other inter-bank offered rates in a number of material 
respects and have a limited history 
Risk-free rates may differ from The London Interbank Offered Rate ("LIBOR") and other inter-bank 
offered rates in a number of material respects. These include (without limitation) being backwards-looking, 
in most cases, calculated on a compounded or weighted average basis, risk-free, overnight rates and, in the 
case of SOFR, secured, whereas such interbank offered rates are generally expressed on the basis of a 
forward-looking term, are unsecured and include a risk-element based on interbank lending. As such, 
investors should be aware that risk-free rates may behave materially differently to interbank offered rates 
as interest reference rates for the Instruments. Furthermore, SOFR is a secured rate that represents overnight 
secured funding transactions, and therefore will perform differently over time to an unsecured rate. For 
example, since publication of SOFR began on 3 April 2018, daily changes in SOFR have, on occasion, 
been more volatile than daily changes in comparable benchmarks or other market rates. 
Risk-free rates offered as alternatives to interbank offered rates also have a limited history. For that reason, 
future performance of such rates may be difficult to predict based on their limited historical performance. 
The level of such rates during the term of the Instruments may bear little or no relation to historical levels. 
Prior observed patterns, if any, in the behaviour of market variables and their relation to such rates such as 
correlations, may change in the future. Investors should not rely on historical performance data as an 
indicator of the future performance of such risk-free rates nor should they rely on any hypothetical data.

--- Page 35 ---
- 27 - 
 
 
Furthermore, interest on Instruments which reference a backwards-looking risk-free rate is only capable of 
being determined immediately prior to the relevant Interest Payment Date. It may be difficult for investors 
in Instruments which reference such risk-free rates reliably to estimate the amount of interest which will be 
payable on such Instruments, and some investors may be unable or unwilling to trade such Instruments 
without changes to their IT systems, both of which could adversely impact the liquidity of such Instruments. 
Further, in contrast to Instruments linked to interbank offered rates, if Instruments referencing backwards-
looking rates become due and payable as a result of an Event of Default under the Conditions or are 
otherwise redeemed early on a date which is not an Interest Payment Date, the final Rate of Interest Rate 
payable in respect of such Instruments shall be determined by reference to a shortened period ending 
immediately prior to the date on which the Instruments become due and payable or are scheduled for 
redemption. 
The administrator of SONIA, SOFR or €STR or any related indices may make changes that could 
change the value of SONIA, SOFR or €STR or any related index, or discontinue SONIA, SOFR or 
€STR or any related index 
The Bank of England, the Federal Reserve, Bank of New York or the European Central Bank (or their 
successors) as administrators of SONIA (and the SONIA Compounded Index), SOFR (and the SOFR 
Compounded Index) or €STR, respectively, may make methodological or other changes that could change 
the value of these risk-free rates and/or indices, including changes related to the method by which such 
risk-free rate is calculated, eligibility criteria applicable to the transactions used to calculate SONIA, SOFR 
or €STR, or timing related to the publication of SONIA, SOFR or €STR or any related indices. In addition, 
the administrator may alter, discontinue or suspend calculation or dissemination of SONIA, SOFR or €STR 
or any related index (in which case a fallback method of determining the interest rate on the Instruments 
will apply). The administrator has no obligation to consider the interests of Holders when calculating, 
adjusting, converting, revising or discontinuing any such risk-free rate. 
In respect of any Instruments issued as green bonds ("Green Bonds"), there can be no assurance that 
such use of proceeds will be suitable for the investment criteria of an investor. 
The Final Terms relating to any specific Tranche of Instruments may provide that it will be the Issuers' 
intention to apply an amount equal to the net proceeds from an offer of those Instruments specifically for 
existing or planned investments of EDP Renováveis which support the transition to a low-carbon economy, 
especially those that help increase the production of renewable energy ("Eligible Green Projects"). 
Prospective investors should determine for themselves the relevance of such information for the purpose of 
any investment in such Instruments together with any other investigation such investor deems necessary. 
In particular no assurance is given by the Issuers or the Dealers that the use of such proceeds for any Eligible 
Green Projects will satisfy, whether in whole or in part, any present or future investor expectations or 
requirements as regards any investment criteria or guidelines with which such investor or its investments 
are required to comply, whether by any present or future applicable law or regulations or by its own by-
laws or other governing rules or investment portfolio mandates, in particular with regard to any direct or 
indirect environmental, sustainability or social impact of any projects or uses, the subject of or related to, 
any Eligible Green Projects. 
Accordingly, no assurance is or can be given that Eligible Projects will meet investor expectations or 
requirements regarding "green" or similar labels (including Regulation (EU) 2020/852 on the establishment 
of a framework to facilitate sustainable investment, the so called "EU Taxonomy" or Regulation (EU) 
2020/852 as it forms part of domestic law in the UK by virtue of the EUWA) or that any adverse 
environmental, social and/or other impacts will not occur during the implementation of any projects or uses 
the subject of, or related to, any Eligible Projects. 
At the request of EDP, Sustainalytics has issued a second party opinion (the "Second Party Opinion") in 
relation to the Green Bond Framework. The Second Party Opinion is available for viewing on EDP's 
website 
(https://www.edp.com/sites/default/files/2022-03/2022-03-04-
Energias%20de%20Portugal%20Green%20Finance%20Framework%20Second%20Party%20Opinion.pd
f ). No assurance or representation is given as to the suitability or reliability for any purpose whatsoever of 
the Second Party Opinion or any other opinion or certification of any third party (whether or not solicited 
by the Issuers) which may be made available in connection with the issue of any Instruments and in 
particular with any Eligible Green Projects to fulfil any "green" and/or other criteria. For the avoidance of 
doubt, the Second Party Opinion is not, nor shall be deemed to be, incorporated in and/or form part of this 
Base Prospectus. The Second Party Opinion is not, nor should be deemed to be, a recommendation by the

--- Page 36 ---
- 28 - 
 
 
Issuers, the Dealers or any other person to buy, sell or hold any such Instruments. The Second Party Opinion 
is only current as of the date that opinion was initially issued. As at the date of this Base Prospectus, the 
providers of such opinions and certifications are not subject to any specific regulatory or other regime or 
oversight. Prospective investors must determine for themselves the relevance of the Second Party Opinion 
and/or the information contained therein and/or the provider of the Second Party Opinion for the purpose 
of any investment in such Instruments. 
In the event that any such Instruments are listed or admitted to trading on any dedicated "green" or other 
equivalently-labelled segment of any stock exchange or securities market (whether or not regulated), no 
representation or assurance is given by the Issuers, the Dealers or any other person that such listing or 
admission satisfies, whether in whole or in part, any present or future investor expectations or requirements 
as regards any investment criteria or guidelines with which such investor or its investments are required to 
comply, whether by any present or future applicable law or regulations or by its own by-laws or other 
governing rules or investment portfolio mandates, in particular with regard to any direct or indirect 
environmental, sustainability or social impact of any projects or uses, the subject of or related to, any 
Eligible Green Projects. Furthermore, it should be noted that the criteria for any such listings or admission 
to trading may vary from one stock exchange or securities market to another. Nor is any representation or 
assurance given or made by the Issuers, the Dealers or any other person that any such listing or admission 
to trading will be obtained in respect of any such Instruments or, if obtained, that any such listing or 
admission to trading will be maintained during the life of the Instruments. 
While it is the intention of the Issuers to apply an amount equal to the net proceeds of any Instruments so 
specified for Eligible Green Projects in, or substantially in, the manner described in this Base Prospectus, 
there can be no assurance that the relevant project(s) or use(s) the subject of, or related to, any Eligible 
Green Projects will be capable of being implemented in or substantially in such manner and/or accordance 
with any timing schedule and that accordingly such proceeds will be totally or partially disbursed for such 
Eligible Green Projects. Nor can there be any assurance that such Eligible Green Projects will be completed 
within any specified period or at all or with the results or outcome (whether or not related to the 
environment) as originally expected or anticipated by the Issuers. Any such event or failure by the Issuers 
will not constitute an Event of Default under the Instruments. 
Any such event or failure to apply an amount equal to the net proceeds of any issue of Instruments for any 
Eligible Green Projects as aforesaid and/or withdrawal of any such opinion or certification or any such 
opinion or certification attesting that the Issuers are not complying in whole or in part with any matters for 
which such opinion or certification is opining or certifying on and/or any such Instruments no longer being 
listed or admitted to trading on any stock exchange or securities market as aforesaid may have a material 
adverse effect on the value of such Instruments and also potentially the value of any other Instruments 
which are intended to finance Eligible Green Projects and/or result in adverse consequences for certain 
investors with portfolio mandates to invest in securities to be used for a particular purpose. 
6. 
Risks relating to certain terms of the Instruments 
For further information on the terms of the Instruments, please see "Terms and Conditions of Senior 
Instruments" and "Terms and Conditions of Subordinated Instruments". 
Subordinated Instruments constitute subordinated obligations of EDP and hence the claims of all 
senior creditors will first have to be satisfied in any winding-up before the Holders may expect to 
receive from EDP any recovery in respect of their Subordinated Instruments. 
Subordinated Instruments will be subordinated obligations of EDP and will rank pari passu with each other 
in a winding-up of EDP. Upon the occurrence of a winding-up proceeding of EDP, payments on the 
Subordinated Instruments will be subordinated in right of payment to the prior payment in full of all other 
liabilities of EDP, except for liabilities which rank equally with, or junior to, the Subordinated Instruments. 
As such, the Holders may recover proportionately less than the holders of unsubordinated and other 
subordinated liabilities of EDP and the remedies for holders in any winding-up or insolvency proceeding 
of the EDP may be limited. In particular, in an insolvency proceeding over the assets of EDP, holders of 
voluntarily subordinated debt such as the Subordinated Instruments, will not have any right to vote in the 
assembly of creditors, except if the creditors' assembly resolution is on the approval of an insolvency plan. 
Accordingly, Holders of the Subordinated Instruments should be aware that they will have limited ability 
to influence the outcome of any insolvency proceeding or a restructuring outside insolvency.

--- Page 37 ---
- 29 - 
 
 
Holders of Subordinated Instruments are advised that unsubordinated liabilities of EDP may also arise out 
of events that are not reflected on the balance sheet of EDP including, without limitation, the issuance of 
guarantees on an unsubordinated basis. Claims made under such guarantees will become unsubordinated 
liabilities of EDP that in a winding-up of EDP will need to be paid in full before the obligations under the 
Subordinated Instruments may be satisfied. 
Although subordinated debt securities may pay a higher rate of interest than comparable debt securities 
which are not subordinated, there is a real risk that an investor in subordinated securities such as the 
Subordinated Instruments will lose all or some of his investment in the case of a winding-up or insolvency 
proceeding of EDP. 
EDP has the right to defer interest payments on the Subordinated Instruments with a potential 
adverse effect on the market price of the Subordinated Instruments. 
EDP may, at its discretion, elect to defer, in whole or in part, any payment of interest on the Subordinated 
Instruments. Any such deferral of interest payments shall not constitute a default for any purpose unless 
such payments are required to be made in accordance with Condition 4.4 (Payment of Deferred Interest 
Payments) of the Subordinated Instruments and are not so paid when due. 
Any deferral of interest payments will likely have an adverse effect on the market price of the Subordinated 
Instruments. In addition, as a result of the interest deferral provision of the Subordinated Instruments, the 
market price of the Subordinated Instruments may be more volatile than the market prices of other debt 
securities on which original issue discount or interest accrues that are not subject to such deferrals and may 
be more sensitive generally to adverse changes in EDP financial condition. 
While the deferral of interest payments continues, EDP may make payments on any instrument ranking 
senior to the Subordinated Instruments or on instruments ranking pari passu with the Subordinated 
Instruments in the limited circumstances described in Condition 4.4 (Payment of Deferred Interest 
Payments). 
Subordinated Instruments are typically long-term or undated securities and therefore an investment 
in Subordinated Instruments could constitute a financial risk for a long period. 
Subordinated Instruments are typically long-term or undated securities. EDP is under no obligation to 
redeem or repurchase the Subordinated Instruments at any time and the Holders have no right to require 
redemption of the Subordinated Instrument. Therefore, prospective investors should be aware that they may 
be required to bear the financial risks of an investment in the Subordinated Instruments for a long period of 
time and may not recover their investment in the foreseeable future. 
There are limited remedies available to the holders of Subordinated Instruments in relation to their 
rights and claims thereunder.  
Holders of not less than one quarter of the aggregate outstanding nominal amount of the Subordinated 
Instruments will be able to declare the Subordinated Instruments immediately due and payable only if one 
of the limited Events of Default (as set out in Condition 9 (Events of Default) of the Terms and Conditions 
of the Subordinated Instruments) occurs and is continuing, including in the case of liquidation, winding-up, 
dissolution or insolvency of the Issuer or default in the payment of principal or interest due and payable 
under the relevant Series for a period of 30 days. No such event shall constitute an Event of Default if it is 
being contested in good faith by appropriate means by the Issuer and the Issuer has been advised by 
recognised independent legal advisers of good repute that it is reasonable to do so. 
The Instruments issued by EDP B.V. are not guaranteed by EDP, and investors do not have any 
direct rights to enforce payment on the Instruments against EDP in case of default by EDP B.V. 
under the Instruments. 
The Instruments issued by EDP B.V. are obligations of EDP B.V. and not of EDP. EDP has no obligation 
to pay any amounts due under the Instruments issued by EDP B.V. EDP has entered into a Keep Well 
Agreement with EDP B.V., which is not a guarantee. Under the Keep Well Agreement, EDP has agreed 
that, for so long as EDP B.V. has any Instruments outstanding under the Programme, it will make available 
to EDP B.V. funds sufficient to meet its payment obligations or repay borrowings then maturing to the 
extent that EDP B.V.'s funds or other liquid assets are insufficient to meet its payment obligations or repay 
its borrowings. Although under the terms of the Keep Well Agreement the Trustee may, on behalf of holders

--- Page 38 ---
- 30 - 
 
 
of any Instruments issued by EDP B.V. under the Programme, enforce EDP B.V.'s rights under the Keep 
Well Agreement against EDP, holders do not have any direct rights against EDP. (See "Relationship of 
EDP B.V. with EDP" for more information on the Keep Well Agreement). 
If the Issuers have the right to redeem any Instruments at their option, this may limit the market 
value of the Instruments concerned and an investor may not be able to reinvest the redemption 
proceeds in a manner which achieves a similar effective return. 
The optional redemption feature could limit the market value of the Instruments. During any period when 
the Issuers may elect to redeem the Instruments, the market value of the Instruments generally will not rise 
above the price at which they can be redeemed. This also may be true prior to any redemption period. 
If the Issuers redeem the Instruments early, the optional redemption amount payable and/or prevailing 
market rates may not enable an investor to reinvest the redemption proceeds at an effective yield as high as 
the yield on the Instruments being redeemed and may only be able to do so at a significantly lower rate. 
Potential investors should consider reinvestment risk in light of other investments available at that time. 
If the Issuers have the right to convert the interest rate on any Instruments from a fixed rate to a 
floating rate, or vice versa, this may affect the secondary market and the market value of the 
Instruments concerned. 
Fixed/Floating Rate Instruments may bear interest at a rate that converts from a fixed rate to a floating rate, 
or from a floating rate to a fixed rate. Where the Issuers have the right to effect such a conversion, this will 
affect the secondary market in, and the market value of, the Instruments, since the Issuers may be expected 
to convert the rate when it is likely to result in a lower overall cost of borrowing for the Issuers. If the 
Issuers convert from a fixed rate to a floating rate in such circumstances, the spread on the Fixed/Floating 
Rate Instruments may be less favourable than then prevailing spreads on comparable Floating Rate 
Instruments tied to the same reference rate. In addition, the new floating rate at any time may be lower than 
the rates on other Instruments. If the Issuers convert from a floating rate to a fixed rate in such 
circumstances, the fixed rate may be lower than then prevailing market rates. 
The conditions of the Instruments contain provisions which may permit their modification without 
the consent of all investors and confer significant discretions on the Trustee which may be exercised 
without the consent of the Holders and without regard to the individual interests of particular 
Holders. 
The Conditions of the Instruments contain provisions for calling meetings of Holders to consider matters 
affecting their interests generally. These provisions permit defined majorities to bind all Holders including 
Holders who did not attend and vote at the relevant meeting and Holders who voted in a manner contrary 
to the majority. 
The Conditions of the Instruments also provide that the Trustee may, without the consent of Holders and 
without regard to the interests of particular Holders: (1) agree to any modification of the Instruments or the 
Trust Deed which is not, in the opinion of the Trustee, materially prejudicial to the interests of the Holders; 
(2) agree to any modification of the Instruments or the Trust Deed which is of a formal, minor or technical 
nature or is made to correct a manifest error or to comply with mandatory provisions of the law; or (3) 
determine that any Event of Default or Potential Event of Default (as defined in the Trust Deed) shall not 
be treated as such which, in any such case, is not, in the opinion of the Trustee, materially prejudicial to the 
interests of the Holders, in the circumstances described in the Conditions. 
Furthermore, the Trustee may, without the consent of the Holders, agree with the relevant Issuer to the 
substitution in place of such Issuer as the principal debtor under the Instruments and the Trust Deed of 
another company, being a Subsidiary (as defined in the Conditions) of the relevant Issuer, subject to (a) the 
Instruments being unconditionally and irrevocably guaranteed by the relevant Issuer or having the benefit 
of a Keep Well Agreement by EDP on the same basis as that on which they had such benefit immediately 
prior to the substitution or the substitute Issuer is EDP; (b) the Trustee being satisfied that the interests of 
the Holders will not be materially prejudiced by the substitution; and (c) certain other conditions set out in 
the Trust Deed being complied with. See Condition 16 (Meetings of Holders, Modification, Waiver and 
Substitution) of the Senior Instruments and Condition 13 (Meetings of Holders, Modification, Waiver and 
Substitution) of the Subordinated Instruments for more information .

--- Page 39 ---
- 31 - 
 
 
There is no limitation on issuing senior or pari passu securities. 
There is no restriction on the amount of securities or other liabilities which EDP may issue or incur and 
which rank senior to, or pari passu with, the Subordinated Instruments. The issue of any such securities or 
the incurrence of any such other liabilities may reduce the amount (if any) recoverable by Holders on a 
winding-up of EDP and/or may increase the likelihood of a deferral of interest payments under the 
Subordinated Instruments. 
Investors who hold less than the minimum Specified Denomination may be unable to sell their 
Instruments and may be adversely affected if definitive Instruments are subsequently required to be 
issued. 
In relation to any issue of Instruments which have denominations consisting of a minimum Specified 
Denomination plus one or more higher integral multiples of another smaller amount, it is possible that such 
Instruments may be traded in amounts that are not integral multiples of such minimum Specified 
Denomination (as set out in the applicable Final Terms). In such a case a holder who, as a result of trading 
such amounts, holds an amount which is less than the minimum Specified Denomination in its account with 
the relevant clearing system would not be able to sell the remainder of such holding without first purchasing 
a principal amount of Instruments at or in excess of the minimum Specified Denomination such that its 
holding amounts to a Specified Denomination. Further, a holder who, as a result of trading such amounts, 
holds an amount which is less than the minimum Specified Denomination in his account with the relevant 
clearing system at the relevant time may not receive a definitive Instrument in respect of such holding 
(should definitive Instruments be printed) and would need to purchase a principal amount of Instruments at 
or in excess of the minimum Specified Denomination such that its holding amounts to a Specified 
Denomination. 
If such Instruments in definitive form are issued, holders should be aware that definitive Instruments which 
have a denomination that is not an integral multiple of the minimum Specified Denomination may be 
illiquid and difficult to trade. 
7. 
Risks relating to the market for the Instruments 
Set out below is a brief description of the principal market risks, including liquidity risk, exchange rate risk, 
interest rate risk and credit risk. 
The value of the Instruments could be adversely affected by a change in law or administrative 
practice. 
Save, with respect to Book Entry Instruments only, for the form (representação formal) and transfer of the 
Instruments, creation of security over the Instruments and the Interbolsa procedures for the exercise of 
rights under the Book Entry Instruments, which are governed by, and shall be construed in accordance with 
Portuguese law, the Conditions of the Instruments are based on English law in effect as at the date of this 
Base Prospectus. No assurance can be given as to the impact of any possible judicial decision or change to 
English law or, as the case may be, Portuguese law or administrative practice after the date of this Base 
Prospectus and any such change could materially impact the value of any Instruments affected by it. 
An active secondary market in respect of the Instruments may never be established or may be illiquid 
and this would adversely affect the value at which an investor could sell his Instruments. 
Instruments may have no established trading market when issued, and one may never develop. If a market 
for the Instruments does develop, it may not be very liquid. Therefore, investors may not be able to sell 
their Instruments easily or at prices that will provide them with a yield comparable to similar investments 
that have a developed secondary market. In addition, liquidity may be limited if the relevant Issuer makes 
large allocations to a limited number of investors. If a market for the Issuers' Instruments never develops 
or proves to be illiquid, this may limit the attractiveness of the Issuers' Instruments to investors. 
If an investor holds Instruments which are not denominated in the investor's home currency, such 
investor will be exposed to movements in exchange rates adversely affecting the value of the holding.

--- Page 40 ---
- 32 - 
 
 
In addition, the imposition of exchange controls in relation to any Instruments could result in an 
investor not receiving payments on those Instruments. 
The Issuers will pay principal and interest on the Instruments in the Specified Currency (as set out in the 
applicable Final Terms). This presents certain risks relating to currency conversions if an investor's 
financial activities are denominated principally in a currency or currency unit (the "Investor's Currency") 
other than the Specified Currency. These include the risk that exchange rates may significantly change 
(including changes due to devaluation of the Specified Currency or revaluation of the Investor's Currency) 
and the risk that authorities with jurisdiction over the Investor's Currency may impose or modify exchange 
controls. An appreciation in the value of the Investor's Currency relative to the Specified Currency would 
decrease (1) the Investor's Currency-equivalent yield on the Instruments, (2) the Investor's Currency-
equivalent value of the principal payable on the Instruments, and (3) the Investor's Currency-equivalent 
market value of the Instruments. In addition, government and monetary authorities may impose (as some 
have done in the past) exchange controls that could adversely affect an applicable exchange rate or the 
ability of the Issuers to make payments in respect of the Instruments. As a result, investors may receive less 
interest or principal than expected, or no interest or principal. Any such exchange rate movements of this 
nature could impact the level of interest shown by investors in the Issuers' Instruments. 
8. 
Risks related to withholding tax 
For further information on the Portuguese taxation regime, please see "Taxation – Portugal". 
Risks relating to Instruments cleared through Clearing Systems 
Under Portuguese law, income derived from the Book Entry Instruments integrated in and held by non-
resident investors (both individual and corporate) through: (i) Interbolsa, as management entity of the 
Portuguese Centralised System (sistema centralizado, the Central de Valores Mobiliários); or (ii) an 
international clearing system operated by a managing entity established in a member state of the EU other 
than Portugal (e.g. Euroclear or Clearstream, Luxembourg); or (iii) a European Economic Area Member 
State provided, in this case, that such State is bound to cooperate with Portugal under an administrative 
cooperation arrangement in tax matters similar to the exchange of information schemes in relation to tax 
matters existing within the EU Member States; or (iv) other centralised systems not covered above 
provided that, in this last case, the Portuguese government authorises the application of the Decree-Law 
no. 193/2005, of 7 November, as amended ("Decree-Law no. 193/2005") are eligible for the debt securities 
special tax exemption regime, approved by Decree-Law no. 193/2005, which establishes a withholding tax 
exemption, provided that certain procedures and certification requirements are complied with. Failure to 
comply with these procedures and certifications will result in the application of Portuguese domestic 
withholding tax. 
The Issuers will not gross up payments in respect of any such withholding tax in any of the cases indicated 
in Condition 8 (Taxation) of the Senior Instruments and Condition 7 (Taxation) of the Subordinated 
Instruments, including failure to deliver or incorrect completion regarding the evidence of non-residence 
status required under the Decree-Law no. 193/2005. Accordingly, holders of Book Entry Instruments must 
seek their own advice to ensure that they comply with all procedures to ensure correct tax treatment of their 
Book Entry Instruments.

--- Page 41 ---
- 33 - 
 
 
STABILISATION 
IN CONNECTION WITH THE ISSUE OF ANY TRANCHE OF INSTRUMENTS, ONE OR MORE 
RELEVANT DEALERS ("THE STABILISATION MANAGER(S)") (OR PERSONS ACTING ON 
BEHALF OF ANY STABILISATION MANAGER(S)) MAY OVER-ALLOT INSTRUMENTS OR 
EFFECT TRANSACTIONS WITH A VIEW TO SUPPORTING THE MARKET PRICE OF THE 
INSTRUMENTS AT A LEVEL HIGHER THAN THAT WHICH MIGHT OTHERWISE PREVAIL. 
HOWEVER, STABILISATION MAY NOT NECESSARILY OCCUR. ANY STABILISATION 
ACTION MAY BEGIN ON OR AFTER THE DATE ON WHICH ADEQUATE PUBLIC DISCLOSURE 
OF THE TERMS OF THE OFFER OF THE RELEVANT TRANCHE OF INSTRUMENTS IS MADE 
AND, IF BEGUN, WILL BE IN COMPLIANCE WITH ALL RELEVANT LAWS AND REGULATIONS 
AND MAY CEASE AT ANY TIME, BUT IT MUST END NO LATER THAN THE EARLIER OF 30 
DAYS AFTER THE ISSUE DATE OF THE RELEVANT TRANCHE OF INSTRUMENTS AND 60 
DAYS AFTER THE DATE OF THE ALLOTMENT OF THE RELEVANT TRANCHE OF 
INSTRUMENTS. ANY STABILISATION ACTION OR OVER-ALLOTMENT MUST BE 
CONDUCTED BY THE RELEVANT STABILISATION MANAGER(S) (OR PERSONS ACTING ON 
BEHALF OF ANY STABILISATION MANAGER(S)) IN ACCORDANCE WITH ALL APPLICABLE 
LAWS AND RULES.

--- Page 42 ---
- 34 - 
 
 
DOCUMENTS INCORPORATED BY REFERENCE 
The following documents which have previously been published and have been filed with the Central Bank 
shall be incorporated in, and form part of, this Base Prospectus: 
(a) 
in respect of EDP: 
(i) 
the audited consolidated annual financial statements for the financial year ended 31 
December 2021 and auditor's report thereon which appear on pages 264 to 450 and 474 to 
484 respectively, of EDP's annual report for the year ended 31 December 2021, available 
at https://web3.cmvm.pt/sdi/emitentes/docs/20220304211852-000226112-000226-2021-
12-31/000226-2021-12-31/reports/000226-2021-12-31.xhtml  (the "2021 EDP Financial 
Statements"); 
(ii) 
the audited consolidated annual financial statements for the financial year ended 31 
December 2020 and auditor's report thereon which appear on pages 294 to 448 and 512 to 
521 respectively, of EDP's annual report for the year ended 31 December 2020, available 
at https://www.edp.com/sites/default/files/2021-03/210x297_RC20_EDP_EN_0.pdf  (the 
"2020 EDP Financial Statements"); and 
(iii) 
the unaudited consolidated condensed financial statements for the six-month period ended 
30 June 2022 and the auditor's limited review report thereon which appear on pages 70 to 
147 
and 
pages 
166 
to 
167, 
respectively, 
available 
at 
https://www.edp.com/sites/default/files/2022-
08/R_C_EN_1H22_VCMVM_compressed_0.pdf (the "H1 2022 EDP Financial 
Statements");  
(b) 
in respect of EDP B.V.: 
(i) 
the audited annual financial statements for the financial year ended 31 December 2021 
and the auditor's report thereon which appear on pages 11 to 39 and 41 to 51 of EDP B.V.'s 
annual 
report 
for 
the 
year 
ended 
31 
December 
2021, 
available 
at 
https://www.edp.com/sites/default/files/2022-
03/RC%2012.2021%20EDP%20Finance%20BV.pdf  (the "2021 EDP B.V. Financial 
Statements") 
(ii) 
the audited annual financial statements for the financial year ended 31 December 2020 
and the auditor's report thereon which appear on pages 11 to 37 and 39 to 47 of EDP B.V.'s 
annual 
report 
for 
the 
year 
ended 
31 
December 
2020, 
available 
at 
https://www.edp.com/sites/default/files/2021-
03/EDP2020_FST%2BAuditorsReport_unsigned_searchable.pdf  (the "2020 EDP B.V. 
Financial Statements"); and 
(iii) 
the unaudited and unreviewed interim financial statements for the six months period ended 
30 June 2022 which appear on pages 6 to 11 of EDP B.V.'s 2022 interim report, available 
at https://www.edp.com/sites/default/files/2022-08/Interim%20report%201H2022.pdf ;  
(c) 
the terms and conditions of the Instruments contained in the previous Base Prospectuses dated 17 
October 2008, pages 41 to 64 (inclusive), 3 September 2013, pages 72 to 98 (inclusive), 2 
September 2014, pages 79 to 104 (inclusive), 2 September 2015, pages 78 to 102 (inclusive), 2 
September 2016, pages 72 to 95 (inclusive), 5 September 2017, pages 76 to 101 (inclusive), 5 
September 2018, pages 42 to 66 (inclusive), 9 September 2019, pages 42 to 74, 14 September 2020, 
pages 47 to 79 (inclusive) and 13 September 2021, pages 50 to 82 (inclusive), 
each of the documents listed in (c) above are available on EDP's website, https://www.edp.com/en, in the 
"Bonds" section, accessible through "Investors – Fixed Income". 
Any information contained in any of the documents specified above which is not incorporated by reference 
in this Base Prospectus is either not relevant to investors or is covered elsewhere in this Base Prospectus. 
Copies of documents incorporated by reference in this Base Prospectus can be obtained from the registered 
office of the Issuers and from the specified office of the Paying Agent for the time being in London.

--- Page 43 ---
- 35 - 
 
 
Any documents themselves incorporated by reference in the documents incorporated by reference in this 
Base Prospectus shall not form part of this Base Prospectus. 
The Issuers will, in the event of any significant new factor, material mistake or inaccuracy relating to 
information included in this Base Prospectus which is capable of affecting the assessment of any 
Instruments, prepare a supplement to this Base Prospectus or publish a new Base Prospectus for use in 
connection with any subsequent issue of Instruments. The Issuers have undertaken to the Dealers in the 
Dealership Agreement (as defined in "Subscription and Sale") that they will comply with the relevant Irish 
listing requirements. 
Following the publication of this Base Prospectus a supplement may be prepared by the Issuers and 
approved by the Central Bank in accordance with Article 23 of the Prospectus Regulation. Statements 
contained in any such supplement (or contained in any document incorporated by reference therein) shall, 
to the extent applicable (whether expressly, by implication or otherwise), be deemed to modify or supersede 
statements contained in this Base Prospectus or in a document which is incorporated by reference in this 
Base Prospectus. Any statement so modified or superseded shall not, except as so modified or superseded, 
constitute a part of this Base Prospectus.

--- Page 44 ---
- 36 - 
 
 
FORM OF FINAL TERMS FOR SENIOR INSTRUMENTS 
[Prohibition of Sales to EEA Retail Investors – The Instruments are not intended to be offered, sold or 
otherwise made available to and should not be offered, sold or otherwise made available to any retail 
investor in the European Economic Area (the "EEA"). For these purposes, a retail investor means a person 
who is one (or more) of: (i) a retail client as defined in point (11) of Article 4(1) of Directive 2014/65/EU 
(as amended, "MiFID II"); or (ii) a customer within the meaning of Directive (EU) 2016/97 (as amended, 
the "Insurance Distribution Directive"), where that customer would not qualify as a professional client 
as defined in point (10) of Article 4(1) of MiFID II. Consequently no key information document required 
by Regulation (EU) No 1286/2014 (as amended, the "EU PRIIPs Regulation") for offering or selling the 
Instruments or otherwise making them available to retail investors in the EEA has been prepared and 
therefore offering or selling the Instruments or otherwise making them available to any retail investor in 
the EEA may be unlawful under the EU PRIIPs Regulation.] 
[Prohibition of Sales to UK Retail Investors – The Instruments are not intended to be offered, sold or 
otherwise made available to and should not be offered, sold or otherwise made available to any retail 
investor in the United Kingdom ("UK"). For these purposes, a retail investor means a person who is one 
(or more) of: (i) a retail client, as defined in point (8) of Article 2 of Regulation (EU) No 2017/565 as it 
forms part of domestic law in the UK by virtue of the European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018 ("EUWA"); 
or (ii) a customer within the meaning of the provisions of the Financial Services and Markets Act 2000 (as 
amended, the "FSMA") and any rules or regulations made under the FSMA to implement Directive (EU) 
2016/97, where that customer would not qualify as a professional client, as defined in point (8) of Article 
2(1) of Regulation (EU) No 600/2014 as it forms part of domestic law in the UK by virtue of the EUWA. 
Consequently no key information document required by Regulation (EU) No 1286/2014 as it forms part of 
domestic law in the UK by virtue of the EUWA (the "UK PRIIPs Regulation") for offering or selling the 
Instruments or otherwise making them available to retail investors in the UK has been prepared and 
therefore offering or selling the Instruments or otherwise making them available to any retail investor in 
the UK may be unlawful under the UK PRIIPs Regulation.] 
[MiFID II Product Governance / Professional Investors and Eligible Counterparties Only Target 
Market – Solely for the purposes of [the/each] manufacturer's product approval process, the target market 
assessment in respect of the Instruments has led to the conclusion that: (i) the target market for the 
Instruments is eligible counterparties and professional clients only, each as defined in [Directive 
2014/65/EU (as amended, "MiFID II")/MiFID II]; and (ii) all channels for distribution of the Instruments 
to eligible counterparties and professional clients are appropriate. Any person subsequently offering, selling 
or recommending the Instruments (a "distributor") should take into consideration the manufacturer ['s/s'] 
target market assessment; however, a distributor subject to MiFID II is responsible for undertaking its own 
target market assessment in respect of the Instruments (by either adopting or refining the manufacturer 
['s/s'] target market assessment) and determining appropriate distribution channels.] 
[UK MiFIR Product Governance / Professional Investors and Eligible Counterparties Only Target 
Market – Solely for the purposes of [the/each] manufacturer's product approval process, the target market 
assessment in respect of the Instruments has led to the conclusion that: (i) the target market for the 
Instruments is only eligible counterparties, as defined in the FCA Handbook Conduct of Business 
Sourcebook), and professional clients, as defined in Regulation (EU) No 600/2014 as it forms part of 
domestic law in the UK by virtue of the [EUWA][European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018]; and (ii) all 
channels for distribution of the Instruments to eligible counterparties and professional clients are 
appropriate. Any person subsequently offering, selling or recommending the Instruments (a "distributor") 
should take into consideration the manufacturer['s/s'] target market assessment; however, a distributor 
subject to the FCA Handbook Product Intervention and Product Governance Sourcebook (the "MiFIR 
Product Governance Rules") is responsible for undertaking its own target market assessment in respect 
of the Instruments (by either adopting or refining the manufacturer['s/s'] target market assessment) and 
determining appropriate distribution channels.] 
[Singapore Securities and Futures Act Product Classification – Solely for the purposes of its obligations 
pursuant to sections 309B(1)(a) and 309B(1)(c) of the Securities and Futures Act 2001 (2020 Revised 
Edition) of Singapore (as amended, the "SFA"), the Issuer has determined, and hereby notifies all relevant 
persons (as defined in Section 309A(1) of the SFA) that the Instruments are ["prescribed capital markets 
products"]/[capital markets products other than "prescribed capital markets products"] (as defined in the 
Securities and Futures (Capital Markets Products) Regulations 2018) of Singapore.]

--- Page 45 ---
- 37 - 
 
 
[Date] 
[EDP – ENERGIAS DE PORTUGAL, S.A./EDP FINANCE B.V.] 
Issue of 
[Aggregate Nominal Amount of Tranche] 
[Title of Instruments] 
under the €15,000,000,000 
Programme for Issuance of Debt Instruments 
PART A – CONTRACTUAL TERMS 
[Terms used herein shall be deemed to be defined as such for the purposes of the terms and conditions set 
forth in the base prospectus dated 13 September 2022 [and the supplement[s] to the base prospectus dated 
[date] [and [date]] which [together] constitute[s] a base prospectus for the purposes of Regulation (EU) 
2017/1129 (the "Prospectus Regulation")] (the "Base Prospectus"). This document constitutes the Final 
Terms of the Instruments described for the purpose of the Prospectus Regulation and must be read in 
conjunction with the Base Prospectus in order to obtain all relevant information.] 
[The following alternative language applies if the first tranche of an issue which is being increased was 
issued under a Prospectus with an earlier date. N.B. when using a post-1 July 2012 approved Base 
Prospectus to tap a previous issue under a pre-1 July 2012 approved Base Prospectus, the final terms in 
the post-1 July 2012 Base Prospectus will take a different form due to the more restrictive approach to final 
terms. The Conditions of the original issue being tapped should be reviewed to ensure that they would not 
require the final terms documenting the further issue to include information which is no longer permitted 
in final terms. Where the final terms documenting the further issue would need to include such information, 
it will not be possible to tap using final terms and a drawdown prospectus (incorporating the original 
Conditions and final terms) will instead need to be prepared.] 
[Terms used herein shall be deemed to be defined as such for the purposes of the terms and conditions (the 
"Conditions") set forth in the base prospectus dated [insert date of prospectus from those listed in 
"Documents Incorporated by Reference"]. This document constitutes the Final Terms of the Instruments 
and must be read in conjunction with the base prospectus dated 13 September 2022 [and the supplemental 
base prospectus dated [●]] which [together] constitute[s] a base prospectus (the "Base Prospectus") for the 
purposes of the Prospectus Regulation, save in respect of the Conditions which are set forth in the base 
prospectus dated [insert date of prospectus from those listed in "Documents Incorporated by Reference"] 
and are incorporated by reference in the Base Prospectus. This document constitutes the Final Terms 
relating to the issue of Instruments described herein for the purposes of the Prospectus Regulation.] 
Full information on the Issuer and the offer of the Instruments is only available on the basis of the 
combination of these Final Terms and the Base Prospectus. The Base Prospectus and these Final Terms 
have been published on the website of the Irish Stock Exchange plc trading as Euronext Dublin 
(https://live.euronext.com/). 
Include whichever of the following apply, or specify as "Not Applicable". Note that the numbering should 
remain as set out below, even if "Not Applicable" is indicated for individual paragraphs or sub-paragraphs 
in which case the sub-paragraphs of the paragraphs which are not applicable can be deleted. Italics denote 
directions for completing the Final Terms. 
1. 
Issuer: 
[EDP – Energias de Portugal, S.A./EDP 
Finance B.V.] 
2. 
(i) 
Series Number: 
[●] 
 
(ii) 
Tranche Number: 
[●] 
 
(iii) 
Date on which the Instruments will be 
consolidated and form a single series: 
The Instruments will be consolidated and form 
a single Series with Tranche [identify earlier 
Tranches] on [the Issue Date/the date that is 40 
days after the Issue Date/exchange of the

--- Page 46 ---
- 38 - 
 
 
Temporary Global Instrument for interests in 
the Permanent Global Instrument, as referred to 
in paragraph 22 below, which is expected to 
occur on or about [date]] / [Not Applicable] 
3. 
Specified Currency or Currencies: 
[●] 
 
 
(N.B. Book Entry Instruments may only be 
denominated in Euro, U.S. dollars, Canadian 
dollars, sterling, Japanese yen, Swiss francs, 
Australian dollars or in such other currency as 
can be settled through Interbolsa.) 
4. 
Aggregate Nominal Amount: 
 
 
(i) 
Series: 
[●] 
 
(ii) 
Tranche: 
[●] 
5. 
Issue Price: 
[●] per cent. of the Aggregate Nominal 
Amount [plus accrued interest from [insert 
date] (in the case of fungible issues only, if 
applicable) 
6. 
(i) 
Specified Denominations: 
[●] 
 
 
(N.B. Instruments must have a minimum 
denomination of €100,000 (or equivalent)) 
 
 
(N.B. Book-Entry Instruments cannot be issued 
in integral multiples of a lesser amount than the 
nominal amount.) 
 
 
(Note – where multiple denominations above 
€100,000 or equivalent are being used, the 
following sample wording should be followed: 
 
 
"€100,000 and integral multiples of €1,000 in 
excess thereof up to and including €199,000. 
No Instruments in definitive form will be issued 
with a denomination above €199,000.") 
 
(ii) 
Calculation Amount for Instruments in 
definitive 
form 
(in 
relation 
to 
calculation of interest in relation to 
Instruments in global form, see the 
Conditions): 
[●] 
 
 
(If only one Specified Denomination, insert the 
Specified Denomination. If more than one 
Specified Denomination, insert the highest 
common factor. Note, there must be a common 
factor in the case of two or more Specified 
Denominations.) 
7. 
(i) 
Issue Date: 
[●] 
 
(ii) 
Interest Commencement Date (if 
different from the Issue Date): 
[specify /Issue Date/Not Applicable]

--- Page 47 ---
- 39 - 
 
 
 
 
(N.B. An Interest Commencement Date will not 
be relevant for certain Instruments, for 
example Zero Coupon Instruments.) 
8. 
Maturity Date: 
[Specify date or for Floating Rate Instruments 
– Interest Payment Date falling in or nearest to 
[specify month and year]] 
9. 
Interest Basis: 
[[●] per cent. Fixed Rate] 
 
 
[[specify Reference Rate] +/- [●] per cent. 
Floating Rate] 
 
 
[Zero coupon] 
 
 
(see paragraph [14/15/16] below) 
10. 
Redemption[/Payment] Basis: 
[Instalment] 
 
 
Subject to any purchase and cancellation or 
early redemption, the Instruments will be 
redeemed on the Maturity Date at 100 per cent. 
of their nominal amount 
11. 
Change of Interest Basis: 
[Specify the date when any fixed to floating rate 
change occurs or cross refer to paragraphs 14 
and 15 below and identify there] [Not 
Applicable] 
12. 
Put/Call Options: 
[Investor Put] 
 
 
[Investor Put on Change of Control] 
 
 
[Issuer Call] 
 
 
[Clean-Up Call] 
 
 
[Not Applicable] 
 
 
[(see paragraph [17/18/19/20] below)] 
13. 
(a) 
Status of Instruments: 
[Senior/Dated/Perpetual] 
 
(b) 
Date of Board approval for issuance of 
Instruments obtained: 
[●] 
 
 
(N.B. Only relevant where Board (or similar) 
authorisation is required for the particular 
tranche of Instruments) 
PROVISIONS RELATING TO INTEREST (IF ANY) PAYABLE 
14. 
Fixed Rate Instrument Provisions 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-
paragraphs of this paragraph) 
 
(i) 
Rate[(s)] of Interest: 
[●] per cent. per annum payable in arrear on 
each Interest Payment Date 
 
(ii) 
Interest Payment Date(s): 
[●] in each year up to and including the 
Maturity Date

--- Page 48 ---
- 40 - 
 
 
 
 
(Amend appropriately in the case of irregular 
coupons) 
 
(iii) 
Fixed 
Coupon 
Amount(s) 
for 
Instruments in definitive form (in 
relation to Instruments in global form, 
see the Conditions): 
[●] per Calculation Amount 
 
(iv) 
Broken Amount(s) for Instruments in 
definitive 
form 
(in 
relation 
to 
Instruments in global form, see the 
Conditions): 
[●] per Calculation Amount payable on the 
Interest Payment Date falling [in/on] [●] / [Not 
Applicable] 
 
(v) 
Day Count Fraction: 
[30/360] [Actual/Actual (ICMA)] 
 
(vi) 
Determination Date(s): 
[[●] in each year] / [Not Applicable] 
 
 
(Only relevant where Day Count Fraction is 
Actual/Actual (ICMA). In such a case, insert 
regular interest payment dates, ignoring issue 
date or maturity date in the case of a long or 
short first or last coupon) 
15. 
Floating Rate Instrument Provisions 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-
paragraphs of this paragraph) 
 
(i) 
Specified Period(s)/Specified Interest 
Payment Dates: 
[●] / [, subject to adjustment in accordance with 
the Business Day Convention set out in (ii) 
below/, not subject to any adjustment, as the 
Business Day Convention in (ii) below is 
specified to be Not Applicable] 
 
(ii) 
Business Day Convention: 
[Floating Rate Convention/Following Business 
Day Convention/Modified Following Business 
Day Convention/Preceding Business Day 
Convention] [Not Applicable] 
 
(iii) 
Additional Business Centre(s): 
[●] 
 
(iv) 
Manner in which the Rate of Interest 
and Interest 
Amount 
is to be 
determined: 
[Screen 
Rate 
Determination/ISDA 
Determination] 
 
(v) 
Party responsible for calculating the 
Rate of Interest and Interest Amount 
(if not the Issue and Paying Agent): 
[●] (the "Calculation Agent") 
 
(vi) 
Screen Rate Determination: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
 
Reference Rate  
[[●] month] [EURIBOR/SONIA/SOFR/€STR/ 
SONIA 
Compounded 
Index/SOFR 
Compounded Index] 
 
 
Observation Method: 
[Lag / Observation Shift] 
 
 
Lag Period: 
[5 / [●] TARGET Settlement Days/U.S. 
Government Securities Business Days/London 
Banking Days/Not Applicable]

--- Page 49 ---
- 41 - 
 
 
 
 
Observation Shift Period: 
[5/ 
[●]TARGET 
Settlement 
Days/U.S. 
Government Securities Business Days/London 
Banking Days /Not Applicable] 
 
 
(NB: A minimum of 5 should be specified for 
the Lag Period or Observation Shift Period, 
unless otherwise agreed with the Calculation 
Agent) 
 
 
D: 
[360/365/[●]] / [Not Applicable] 
 
 
Index Determination 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
 
SONIA Compounded Index 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
 
SOFR Compounded Index 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
 
Relevant Decimal Place 
[●]/[5] (unless otherwise specified in the Final 
Terms, be the fifth decimal place) 
 
 
Relevant Number of Index 
Days 
[●] /[5] (unless otherwise specified in the Final 
Terms, the Relevant Number shall be 5) 
 
 
Interest 
Determination 
Date(s): 
[The [●]/[second] Business Day in the relevant 
Interest 
Period]/ 
(select 
where 
Interest 
Determination Date has the meaning specified 
in Condition 5.2(e), 5.2(f) or 5.2(g)) [●] 
[London Banking Days/U.S. Government 
Securities Business Days/TARGET Settlement 
Days] prior to each Interest Payment Date] / [●] 
 
 
Relevant Financial Centre: 
[●] [specify the Relevant Financial Centre i.e. 
Brussels for EURIBOR] 
 
 
Relevant Screen Page: 
[●] 
 
 
(In the case of EURIBOR, if not Reuters, 
EURIBOR 01; ensure it is a page which shows 
a composite rate or amend the fallback 
provisions appropriately.) 
 
(vii) 
ISDA Determination: 
[Applicable / Not Applicable] 
 
 
ISDA Definitions: 
[2006 ISDA Definitions / 2021 ISDA 
Definitions] 
 
 
Floating Rate Option: 
[●] 
 
 
(The Floating Rate Option should be selected 
from one of: CHF-SARON / EUR-EURIBOR-
Reuters (if 2006 ISDA Definitions apply) EUR-
EURIBOR (if 2021 ISDA Definitions apply) / 
EUR-EuroSTR / EUR-EuroSTR Compounded 
Index 
/ 
GBP 
SONIA 
/ 
GBP 
SONIA 
Compounded Index / HKD-HONIA / JPY-
TONA 
/ 
USD-SOFR 
/ 
USD-SOFR 
Compounded Index (each as defined in the 
ISDA Definitions). These are the options 
envisaged by the terms and conditions) 
 
 
Designated Maturity: 
[●]

--- Page 50 ---
- 42 - 
 
 
 
 
(Delegated Maturity will not be relevant where 
the Floating Rate Option is a risk free rate) 
 
 
Reset Date: 
[●]/[as specified in the ISDA Definitions]/[the 
first day of the relevant Interest Period, subject 
to adjustment in accordance with the Business 
Day Convention set out in [(v)] above and as 
specified in the ISDA Definitions] 
 
 
(in the case of a EURIBOR based option, the 
first day of the Interest Period) 
 
 
Compounding 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] (If not applicable 
delete the remaining sub-paragraphs of this 
paragraph) 
 
 
Compounding Method 
[Compounding with Lookback 
 
 
Lookback: [●]Applicable Business Days] 
 
 
[Compounding with Observation Period Shift 
 
 
Observation Period Shift: [●] Observation 
Period Shift Business Days 
 
 
Observation Period Shift Additional Business 
Days: [●]/ [Not Applicable]] 
 
 
[Compounding with Lockout 
 
 
Lockout: [●] Lockout Period Business Days 
 
 
Lockout 
Period 
Business 
Days: 
[●]/[Applicable Business Days]] 
 
 
Averaging 
[Applicable/Not Applicable]] (If not applicable 
delete the remaining sub-paragraphs of this 
paragraph) 
 
 
Averaging Method 
[Averaging with Lookback 
 
 
Lookback: [●]/ Applicable Business Days] 
 
 
[Averaging with Observation Period Shift 
 
 
Observation Period Shift: [●]/ Observation 
Period Shift Business Days 
 
 
Observation Period Shift Additional Business 
Days: [●]/Not Applicable]] 
 
 
[Averaging with Lockout 
 
 
Lockout: [●]/ Lockout Period Business Days 
 
 
Lockout 
Period 
Business 
Days: 
[●]/[Applicable Business Days]] 
 
 
Index Provisions: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] (If not applicable 
delete the remaining sub-paragraphs of this 
paragraph)

--- Page 51 ---
- 43 - 
 
 
 
 
Index Method 
Compounded Index Method with Observation 
Period Shift 
 
 
Observation Period Shift: [●] Observation 
Period Shift Business Days 
 
 
Observation Period Shift Additional Business 
Days: [[●] / [Not Applicable]] 
 
(viii) 
Linear Interpolation: 
[Not Applicable/Applicable – the Rate of 
Interest for the [long/short] [first/last] Interest 
Period shall be calculated using Linear 
Interpolation (specify for each short or long 
interest period) 
 
(ix) 
Margin(s): 
[+/-][●] per cent. per annum 
 
(x) 
Minimum Rate of Interest: 
[●] per cent. per annum 
 
(xi) 
Maximum Rate of Interest: 
[●] per cent. per annum 
 
(xii) 
Day Count Fraction: 
[[Actual/Actual – (ISDA)] [Actual/Actual] 
 
 
[Actual/365 (Fixed)] 
 
 
[Actual/365 (Sterling)] 
 
 
[Actual/360] 
 
 
[30/360] [360/360] [Bond Basis] 
 
 
[30E/360] [Eurobond basis] 
 
 
[30E/360 (ISDA)] 
16. 
Zero Coupon Instrument Provisions 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-
paragraphs of this paragraph) 
 
(i) 
Accrual Yield: 
[●] per cent. per annum 
 
(ii) 
Reference Price: 
[●] 
 
(iii) 
Day Count Fraction in relation to Early 
Redemption 
Amounts 
and 
late 
payment: 
[30/360] 
 
 
[Actual/360] 
 
 
[Actual/365] 
PROVISIONS RELATING TO REDEMPTION 
17. 
Issuer Call: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] (If not applicable, 
delete the remaining sub-paragraphs of this 
paragraph) 
 
(i) 
Optional Redemption Date: 
[●]

--- Page 52 ---
- 44 - 
 
 
 
(ii) 
Optional Redemption Amount: 
[[●] per Calculation Amount] / [Make-Whole 
Redemption Amount] / [Par]][, subject to 
paragraph 17(iii) below.] 
 
[(iii) 
Make-Whole Redemption Amount: 
[Applicable] / [Applicable from, and including, 
[●] to, but excluding the Residual Call 
Commencement Date. The residual call period 
is applicable in the period from and including 
the Residual Call Commencement Date to but 
excluding [●] (the "Residual Call Period"). 
During 
the 
Residual 
Call 
Period 
the 
Instruments will be redeemed at par.]/[Not 
Applicable] 
 
 
(If Residual Call Period is applicable, the 
security selected for the purposes of the 
Selected Reference Bond shall have a tenor up 
to the Residual Call Commencement Date. If 
Residual Call Period is not applicable, such 
security shall have a tenor up to the Maturity 
Date) 
 
(a) 
Make-Whole 
Redemption 
Margin: 
[●] 
 
(b) 
Reference Bond: 
[[●]/Selected Reference Bond/Not Applicable] 
 
(c) 
Residual 
Call 
Commencement Date: 
[●] 
 
(d) 
Quotation Time: 
[●] 
 
(iv) 
If redeemable in part: 
 
 
(a) 
Minimum 
Redemption 
Amount: 
[●] 
 
(b) 
Maximum 
Redemption 
Amount: 
[●] 
 
(v) 
Notice Period (if other than as set out 
in the Conditions): 
[Not Applicable/[●]] 
18. 
Clean-up Call: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-
paragraphs of this paragraph) 
 
(i) 
Minimum Percentage: 
[●] 
 
(ii) 
Optional Redemption Amount: 
[●] per Calculation Amount / [Par] 
 
(iii) 
Notice Period (if other than as set out 
in the Conditions): 
[Not Applicable/[●]] 
19. 
Investor Put: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-
paragraphs of this paragraph) 
 
(i) 
Optional Redemption Date: 
[●] 
 
(ii) 
Optional Redemption Amount of each 
Instrument: 
[●] per Calculation Amount

--- Page 53 ---
- 45 - 
 
 
20. 
Investor Put on Change of Control: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
21. 
Final Redemption Amount: 
[●] per Calculation Amount / [Par] 
22. 
Early Redemption Amount: 
[[●] per Calculation Amount / [Par] / Not 
Applicable] 
GENERAL PROVISIONS APPLICABLE TO THE INSTRUMENTS 
23. 
(i) 
Form of Instruments: 
[Bearer Instruments: 
 
 
[Temporary Global Instrument exchangeable 
for a Permanent Global Instrument which is 
exchangeable for definitive Bearer Instruments 
and/or Registered Instruments [on 60 days' 
notice given at any time/only upon an 
Exchange Event]] 
 
 
[Temporary Global Instrument exchangeable 
for definitive Bearer Instruments and/or 
Registered Instruments on and after the 
Exchange Date] 
 
 
[Permanent Global Instrument exchangeable 
for definitive Bearer Instruments and/or 
Registered Instruments [on 60 days' notice 
given at any time/only upon an Exchange 
Event]]] 
 
 
[Registered Instruments: 
 
 
[Global Registered Instrument ([●] nominal 
amount (specify nominal amount)) [registered 
in the name of a common depositary for 
Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg/a 
common 
safekeeper 
for 
Euroclear 
and 
Clearstream, Luxembourg] exchangeable for 
Registered Instruments [on 60 days' notice 
given at any time/only upon an Exchange 
Event]]] 
 
 
[Book Entry Instruments: 
 
 
(Ensure that this is consistent with the wording 
in the Provisions relating to the Instruments 
(other than Book Entry Instruments) while in 
Global Form section in the Base Prospectus 
and the Instruments themselves. The 'exchange 
upon 60 days' notice' option should not be 
expressed to be applicable if the Specified 
Denomination in paragraph 6 includes 
language substantially to the following effect: 
"[€100,000] and integral multiples of [€1,000] 
in excess thereof up to and including 
[€199,000]". Furthermore, such Specified 
Denomination construction is not permitted in 
relation to any issue of Instruments which is to 
be represented on issue by a Temporary Global 
Instrument 
exchangeable 
for 
Definitive 
Instruments or by a Permanent Global

--- Page 54 ---
- 46 - 
 
 
Instrument 
exchangeable 
for 
Definitive 
Instruments upon 60 days' notice.)] 
 
(ii) 
New Global Note: 
[Yes/No] [N.B. Not applicable to Book Entry 
Instruments] 
24. 
Additional Financial Centre(s): 
[Not Applicable] [give details] 
 
 
(Note that this paragraph relates to the date of 
payment and not the end dates of Interest 
Periods for the purposes of calculating the 
amount of interest to which sub-paragraphs 
16(iii) relates) 
25. 
Talons for future Coupons or Receipts to be 
attached to definitive Bearer Instruments: 
[Yes, as the Instruments have more than 27 
coupon payments Talons may be required if, on 
exchange into definitive form, more than 27 
coupon payments are still to be made /No.] 
26. 
Details relating to Instalment Instruments: 
 
 
(i) 
Instalment Amount(s): 
[Not Applicable] [give details] 
 
(ii) 
Instalment Date(s): 
[Not Applicable] [give details] 
 
THIRD PARTY INFORMATION 
[[●] has been extracted from [●]. The Issuer confirms that such information has been accurately reproduced 
and that, so far as it is aware and is able to ascertain from information published by [●], no facts have been 
omitted which would render the reproduced information inaccurate or misleading.] 
Signed on behalf of the Issuer: 
 
By: .............................................................................. 
Duly authorised

--- Page 55 ---
- 47 - 
 
 
PART B – OTHER INFORMATION 
1. 
LISTING AND ADMISSION TO TRADING 
 
(i) 
Application for listing and admission 
to trading: 
[Application has been made to the Irish Stock 
Exchange plc trading as Euronext Dublin for 
the Instruments to be admitted to the Official 
List and to trading on its regulated market.]/ 
[Not Applicable] 
 
(ii) 
Date from which admission is 
expected to be effective: 
[●] 
 
(iii) 
Estimate of total expenses related to 
admission to trading: 
[●] 
2. 
RATINGS 
 
Ratings: 
[The Instruments to be issued have not been 
specifically rated.]/[The Instruments to be 
issued have been assigned the following 
ratings by: 
 
 
[Moody's: 
[●]] 
 
 
[S&P: 
[●]] 
 
 
[Fitch: 
[●]]. 
 
 
[For Instruments with a different credit rating 
to the Issuer, include a brief explanation of the 
meaning of the ratings if this has previously 
been published by the rating provider.] 
3. 
INTERESTS OF NATURAL AND LEGAL PERSONS INVOLVED IN THE ISSUE 
 
[Save for any fees payable to the [Managers/Dealer], so far as the Issuer is aware, no person 
involved in the issue of the Instruments has an interest material to the offer. The 
[Managers/Dealers] and their affiliates have engaged, and may in the future engage, in 
investment banking and/or commercial banking transactions with, and may perform other 
services for, the Issuer and its affiliates in the ordinary course of business] [Amend as 
appropriate if there are other interests] 
 
[(When adding any other description, consideration should be given as to whether such matters 
described constitute "significant new factors" and consequently trigger the need for a 
supplement to the Base Prospectus under Article 23 of the Prospectus Regulation.)] 
4. 
YIELD 
 
Indication of yield: 
[●] 
 
 
The yield is calculated at the Issue Date on the 
basis of the Issue Price. It is not an indication 
of future yield. 
5. 
OPERATIONAL INFORMATION 
 
(i) 
Issuer LEI: 
[529900CLC3WDMGI9VH80] (insert if the 
Issuer is EDP) / 
 
 
[5299007L43AQDFOW5739] (insert if the 
Issuer is EDP B.V.)

--- Page 56 ---
- 48 - 
 
 
 
(ii) 
ISIN: 
[●] 
 
(iii) 
Common Code: 
[●] 
 
[(iv) 
CFI: 
[See the website of the Association of 
National Numbering Agencies (ANNA) or 
alternatively source from the responsible 
National Numbering Agency that assigned the 
ISIN /[●]] 
 
[(v) 
FISN: 
[See the website of the Association of 
National Numbering Agencies (ANNA) or 
alternatively source from the responsible 
National Numbering Agency that assigned the 
ISIN/ [●]] 
 
(vi) 
Any clearing system(s) other than 
Euroclear, Clearstream Luxembourg 
and Interbolsa -Sociedade Gestora de 
Sistemas 
de 
Liquidação 
& 
de 
Sistemas Centralizados de Valores 
Mobiliários, S.A., as operator of the 
Central de Valores Mobiliários 
[Not Applicable] [give name(s)] 
 
(vii) 
Names and addresses of additional 
Paying Agent(s) (if any): 
[●] 
 
(viii) 
Intended to be held in a manner which 
would allow Eurosystem eligibility: 
[Yes. Note that the designation "yes" simply 
means that the Instruments are intended upon 
issue to be deposited with one of the ICSDs as 
common safekeeper [(and registered in the 
name of a nominee of one of the ICSDs acting 
as common safekeeper)] [include this text for 
registered 
instruments] 
and 
does 
not 
necessarily mean that the Instruments will be 
recognised 
as 
eligible 
collateral 
for 
Eurosystem monetary policy and intra-day 
credit operations by the Eurosystem either 
upon issue or at any or all times during their 
life. Such recognition will depend upon the 
ECB 
being 
satisfied 
that 
Eurosystem 
eligibility criteria have been met.] [Include 
this text if the Instruments are intended to be 
held in a manner which would allow 
Eurosystem eligibility and are not Book- Entry 
Instruments] 
 
 
[Yes. Note that the designation "yes" simply 
means that the Instruments are intended upon 
time to be registered with Interbolsa – 
Sociedade Gestora de Sistemas de Liquidação 
e de Sistemas Centralizados de Valores 
Mobiliários, S.A. in its capacity of securities 
settlement system and does not necessarily 
mean that the Instruments will be recognised 
as eligible collateral for Eurosystem monetary 
policy and intra-day credit operations by the 
Eurosystem either upon issue or at any or all 
times during their life. Such recognition will 
depend upon satisfaction of the Eurosystem 
eligibility criteria.] [Include this text if the

--- Page 57 ---
- 49 - 
 
 
Instruments are intended to be held in a 
manner which would allow Eurosystem 
Eligibility and are Book-Entry Instruments.] 
 
 
[No. While the designation is specified as "no" 
at the date of these Final Terms, should the 
Eurosystem eligibility criteria be amended in 
the future such that the Instruments are 
capable of meeting them the Instruments may 
then be deposited with one of the ICSDs as 
common safekeeper [(and registered in the 
name of a nominee of one of the ICSDs acting 
as common safekeeper)] [include this text for 
registered instruments]. Note that this does 
not necessarily mean that the Instruments will 
then be recognised as eligible collateral for 
Eurosystem monetary policy and intra-day 
credit operations by the Eurosystem at any 
time during their life. Such recognition will 
depend upon the ECB being satisfied that 
Eurosystem eligibility criteria have been met.] 
[Include this text if the Instruments are not 
intended to be held in a manner which would 
allow Eurosystem eligibility at the date of the 
Final Terms and are not Book-Entry 
Instruments.] 
 
 
[No] [If the Instruments are not intended to be 
held in a manner which would allow 
Eurosystem eligibility and are book-entry 
Instruments.] 
6. 
DISTRIBUTION 
 
(i) 
U.S. Selling Restrictions: 
[Reg. S Compliance Category [1/2/3]; TEFRA 
D/TEFRA C/TEFRA not applicable] 
 
(ii) 
Prohibition of Sales to EEA Retail 
Investors: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
 
(If the Instruments clearly do not constitute 
"packaged" products or the Instruments do 
constitute "packaged" products and a key 
information document will be prepared in the 
EEA, "Not Applicable" should be specified. If 
the Instruments may constitute "packaged" 
products and no key information document 
will be prepared, "Applicable" should be 
specified.) 
 
(iii) 
Prohibition of Sales to UK Retail 
Investors: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
 
(If the Instruments clearly do not constitute 
"packaged" products or the Instruments do 
constitute "packaged" products and a key 
information document will be prepared in the 
UK, "Not Applicable" should be specified. If 
the Instruments may constitute "packaged" 
products and no key information document

--- Page 58 ---
- 50 - 
 
 
will be prepared, "Applicable" should be 
specified.) 
 
(iv) 
Prohibition of Sales to Belgian 
Consumers: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
 
(N.B. advice should be taken from Belgian 
counsel before disapplying this selling 
restriction) 
7. 
EU BENCHMARKS REGULATION 
 
Relevant Benchmark[s]: 
[Not applicable] 
 
 
[Applicable: Amounts payable under the 
Instruments are calculated by reference to 
[EURIBOR / [●]], which [is/are] provided by 
[insert name[s] of the administrator[s] – if 
more than one specify in relation to each 
relevant benchmark]. 
 
 
[As at the date of these Final Terms, [insert 
name[s] of the administrator[s]] [is/are] [not] 
included in the register of administrators and 
benchmarks established and maintained by the 
European Securities and Markets Authority 
[("ESMA")] pursuant to article 36 of the 
Benchmarks Regulation (Regulation (EU) 
2016/1011)] [(repeat as necessary)]] 
 
 
[As far as the Issuer is aware, the transitional 
provisions in Article 51 of Regulation (EU) 
2016/1011, as amended apply, such that [name 
of administrator] is not currently required to 
obtain authorisation/registration (or, if located 
outside the European Union, recognition, 
endorsement or equivalence)] 
8. 
REASONS FOR THE OFFER 
 
Reasons for the offer and use of proceeds: 
[General Corporate Purposes - See the first 
paragraph of "Use of Proceeds" in the Base 
Prospectus] 
 
 
[Green Bonds – An amount equal to the net 
proceeds from the issue of the Instruments are 
intended to be used towards EDP's Eligible 
Green Projects portfolio. See the second 
paragraph of "Use of Proceeds" in the Base 
Prospectus for further details] 
 
 
[Other- to be specified] 
 
Estimate of net proceeds: 
[●]

--- Page 59 ---
- 51 - 
 
 
FORM OF FINAL TERMS FOR SUBORDINATED INSTRUMENTS 
[Prohibition of Sales to EEA Retail Investors – The Subordinated Instruments are not intended to be 
offered, sold or otherwise made available to and should not be offered, sold or otherwise made available to 
any retail investor in the European Economic Area (the "EEA"). For these purposes, a retail investor means 
a person who is one (or more) of: (i) a retail client as defined in point (11) of Article 4(1) of Directive 
2014/65/EU (as amended, "MiFID II"); or (ii) a customer within the meaning of Directive (EU) 2016/97 
(as amended, the "Insurance Distribution Directive"), where that customer would not qualify as a 
professional client as defined in point (10) of Article 4(1) of MiFID II. Consequently no key information 
document required by Regulation (EU) No 1286/2014 (as amended, the "EU PRIIPs Regulation") for 
offering or selling the Subordinated Instruments or otherwise making them available to retail investors in 
the EEA has been prepared and therefore offering or selling the Subordinated Instruments or otherwise 
making them available to any retail investor in the EEA may be unlawful under the EU PRIIPs Regulation.] 
[Prohibition of Sales to UK Retail Investors – The Subordinated Instruments are not intended to be 
offered, sold or otherwise made available to and should not be offered, sold or otherwise made available to 
any retail investor in the United Kingdom ("UK"). For these purposes, a retail investor means a person who 
is one (or more) of: (i) a retail client, as defined in point (8) of Article 2 of Regulation (EU) No 2017/565 
as it forms part of domestic law in the UK by virtue of the European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018 
("EUWA"); or (ii) a customer within the meaning of the provisions of the Financial Services and Markets 
Act 2000 (as amended, the "FSMA") and any rules or regulations made under the FSMA to implement 
Directive (EU) 2016/97, where that customer would not qualify as a professional client, as defined in point 
(8) of Article 2(1) of Regulation (EU) No 600/2014 as it forms part of domestic law in the UK by virtue of 
the EUWA. Consequently no key information document required by Regulation (EU) No 1286/2014 as it 
forms part of domestic law in the UK by virtue of the EUWA (the "UK PRIIPs Regulation") for offering 
or selling the Subordinated Instruments or otherwise making them available to retail investors in the UK 
has been prepared and therefore offering or selling the Subordinated Instruments or otherwise making them 
available to any retail investor in the UK may be unlawful under the UK PRIIPs Regulation.] 
[MiFID II Product Governance / Professional Investors and Eligible Counterparties Only Target 
Market – Solely for the purposes of [the/each] manufacturer's product approval process, the target market 
assessment in respect of the Subordinated Instruments has led to the conclusion that: (i) the target market 
for the Subordinated Instruments is eligible counterparties and professional clients only, each as defined in 
[Directive 2014/65/EU (as amended, "MiFID II")/MiFID II]; and (ii) all channels for distribution of the 
Subordinated Instruments to eligible counterparties and professional clients are appropriate. Any person 
subsequently offering, selling or recommending the Subordinated Instruments (a "distributor") should take 
into consideration the manufacturer ['s/s'] target market assessment; however, a distributor subject to MiFID 
II is responsible for undertaking its own target market assessment in respect of the Subordinated 
Instruments (by either adopting or refining the manufacturer ['s/s'] target market assessment) and 
determining appropriate distribution channels.] 
[UK MiFIR Product Governance / Professional Investors and Eligible Counterparties Only Target 
Market – Solely for the purposes of [the/each] manufacturer's product approval process, the target market 
assessment in respect of the Subordinated Instruments has led to the conclusion that: (i) the target market 
for the Subordinated Instruments is only eligible counterparties, as defined in the FCA Handbook Conduct 
of Business Sourcebook, and professional clients, as defined in Regulation (EU) No 600/2014 as it forms 
part of domestic law in the UK by virtue of the [EUWA][European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018]; and (ii) 
all channels for distribution of the Subordinated Instruments to eligible counterparties and professional 
clients are appropriate. Any person subsequently offering, selling or recommending the Subordinated 
Instruments (a "distributor") should take into consideration the manufacturer['s/s'] target market 
assessment; however, a distributor subject to the FCA Handbook Product Intervention and Product 
Governance Sourcebook (the "MiFIR Product Governance Rules") is responsible for undertaking its own 
target market assessment in respect of the Subordinated Instruments (by either adopting or refining the 
manufacturer['s/s'] target market assessment) and determining appropriate distribution channels.] 
[Singapore Securities and Futures Act Product Classification – Solely for the purposes of its obligations 
pursuant to sections 309B(1)(a) and 309B(1)(c) of the Securities and Futures Act 2001 (2020 Revised 
Edition) of Singapore (as amended, the "SFA"), the Issuer has determined, and hereby notifies all relevant 
persons (as defined in Section 309A(1) of the SFA) that the Subordinated Instruments are ["prescribed 
capital markets products"]/[capital markets products other than "prescribed capital markets products"] (as 
defined in the Securities and Futures (Capital Markets Products) Regulations 2018 of Singapore).]

--- Page 60 ---
- 52 - 
 
 
[Date] 
EDP – ENERGIAS DE PORTUGAL, S.A. 
Issue of 
[Aggregate Nominal Amount of Tranche] 
[Title of Subordinated Instruments] 
under the €15,000,000,000 
Programme for Issuance of Debt Instruments 
PART A – CONTRACTUAL TERMS 
[Terms used herein shall be deemed to be defined as such for the purposes of the terms and conditions set 
forth in the base prospectus dated 13 September 2022 [and the supplement[s] to the base prospectus dated 
[date] [and [date]] which [together] constitute[s] a base prospectus for the purposes of Regulation (EU) 
2017/1129 (the "Prospectus Regulation")] (the "Base Prospectus"). This document constitutes the Final 
Terms of the Subordinated Instruments described for the purpose of the Prospectus Regulation and must be 
read in conjunction with the Base Prospectus in order to obtain all relevant information.] 
[The following alternative language applies if the first tranche of an issue which is being increased was 
issued under a Prospectus with an earlier date. The Conditions of the original issue being tapped should 
be reviewed to ensure that they would not require the final terms documenting the further issue to include 
information which is no longer permitted in final terms. Where the final terms documenting the further 
issue would need to include such information, it will not be possible to tap using final terms and a drawdown 
prospectus (incorporating the original Conditions and final terms) will instead need to be prepared.] 
[Terms used herein shall be deemed to be defined as such for the purposes of the terms and conditions (the 
"Conditions") set forth in the base prospectus dated [insert date of prospectus from those listed in 
"Documents Incorporated by Reference"]. This document constitutes the Final Terms of the Subordinated 
Instruments and must be read in conjunction with the base prospectus dated 13 September 2022 [and the 
supplemental base prospectus dated [●]] which [together] constitute[s] a base prospectus (the "Base 
Prospectus") for the purposes of the Prospectus Regulation, save in respect of the Conditions which are set 
forth in the base prospectus dated [insert date of prospectus from those listed in "Documents Incorporated 
by Reference"] and are incorporated by reference in the Base Prospectus. This document constitutes the 
Final Terms relating to the issue of Subordinated Instruments described herein for the purposes of the 
Prospectus Regulation.] 
Full information on the Issuer and the offer of the Subordinated Instruments is only available on the basis 
of the combination of these Final Terms and the Base Prospectus. The Base Prospectus and these Final 
Terms have been published on the website of the Irish Stock Exchange plc trading as Euronext Dublin 
(https://live.euronext.com/). 
Include whichever of the following apply, or specify as "Not Applicable". Note that the numbering should 
remain as set out below, even if "Not Applicable" is indicated for individual paragraphs or sub-paragraphs 
in which case the sub-paragraphs of the paragraphs which are not applicable can be deleted. Italics denote 
directions for completing the Final Terms. 
1. 
(i) 
Series Number: 
[●] 
(ii) 
Tranche Number: 
[●] 
(iii) 
Date on which the Subordinated 
Instruments will be consolidated 
and form a single series: 
The Subordinated Instruments will be consolidated 
and form a single Series with Tranche [identify 
earlier Tranches] on [insert date/the Issue Date] / 
[Not Applicable] 
2. 
Specified Currency or Currencies: 
[●] 
 
(N.B. Subordinated Instruments may only be 
denominated in Euro, U.S. dollars, Canadian

--- Page 61 ---
- 53 - 
 
 
dollars, sterling, Japanese yen, Swiss francs, 
Australian dollars or in such other currency as can 
be settled through Interbolsa.) 
3. 
Aggregate Nominal Amount: 
 
(i) 
Series: 
[●] 
(ii) 
Tranche: 
[●] 
4. 
Issue Price: 
[●] per cent. of the Aggregate Nominal Amount 
[plus accrued interest from [insert date]] (in the 
case of fungible issues only, if applicable) 
5. 
Specified Denominations: 
[●] 
 
(N.B. Subordinated Instruments must have a 
minimum 
denomination 
of 
€100,000 
(or 
equivalent)) 
 
(N.B. Subordinated Instruments cannot be issued 
in integral multiples of a lesser amount than the 
nominal amount.) 
6. 
(i) 
Issue Date: 
[●] 
(ii) 
Interest Commencement Date (if 
different from the Issue Date): 
[specify/Issue Date/Not Applicable] 
7. 
Maturity Date: 
[Specify date] 
8. 
Interest Basis: 
Fixed to Reset Rate 
 
(see paragraph 12 below) 
9. 
Redemption[/Payment] Basis: 
Subject to any purchase and cancellation or early 
redemption, the Subordinated Instruments will be 
redeemed on the Maturity Date at 100 per cent. of 
their nominal amount 
10. 
Call Options: 
[Issuer Call] 
 
[Clean-Up Call] 
 
[Not Applicable] 
 
[(see paragraph [14/15] below)] 
11. 
Date of Board approval for issuance of 
Subordinated Instruments obtained: 
[●] 
 
(N.B. Only relevant where Board (or similar) 
authorisation is required for the particular tranche 
of Subordinated Instruments) 
PROVISIONS RELATING TO INTEREST PAYABLE 
12. 
Fixed 
to 
Reset 
Rate 
Instrument 
Provisions 
 
(i) 
Initial Rate of Interest: 
[●] per cent. per annum [payable [annually/semi-
annually/quarterly/monthly] in arrear]

--- Page 62 ---
- 54 - 
 
 
(ii) 
Reset Margin: 
[+/-][●] per cent. per annum 
(The Reset Margin may be increased from the 
Second Step-Up Date, if applicable, so this will 
need to be reflected if applicable) 
(iii)  
Change of Control Step-Up 
Margin: 
[●] per cent. per annum 
(iv) 
Second Step-Up Date: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-
paragraphs of this paragraph) 
Earlier Second Step-Up Date: 
[●] 
Later Second Step-Up Date: 
[●] 
(v) 
Interest Payment Date(s): 
[●] in each year 
(vi) 
First Reset Date: 
[●] 
(vii) 
Anniversary Date(s): 
[●] [and each corresponding day and month falling 
[●] years thereafter] 
(viii) 
Reset Determination Dates: 
[●] 
(ix) 
Reset Rate: 
[[semi-annual][annualised]Mid-Swap 
Rate] 
/ 
[Benchmark Gilt Rate]/[CMT Rate] 
(x) 
First Reset Period Fallback: 
[●] 
(xi) 
Benchmark Gilt[s]: 
[●]/[●]/[Not Applicable] 
(xii) 
Benchmark Frequency: 
[●] 
(xiii) 
CMT Designated Maturity: 
[●] 
(xiv) 
CMT Rate Screen Page: 
[●] 
(xv) 
Swap Rate Period: 
[[●]/Not Applicable] 
(xvi) 
Relevant Screen Page: 
["ICESWAP1"] 
/ 
["ICESWAP 
2"] 
/ 
["ICESWAP3"] / ["ICESWAP4"] / ["ICESWAP 
5"] / ["ICESWAP6"] / [●] / [Not Applicable] 
(xvii) 
Fixed Leg: 
[[semi-annual]/[annual] 
calculated 
on 
a[n 
Actual/365]/[30/360]/[●] day count basis]/[Not 
Applicable] 
(xviii) Floating Leg: 
[[3]/[6]/[●]-month] 
[EURIBOR]/ 
[●] 
rate 
calculated on an [Actual/365]/[Actual/360]/[●] 
day count basis]/[Not Applicable] 
(xix) 
Day Count Fraction: 
[30/360] [Actual/Actual (ICMA)] [Actual/365] 
[Actual/Actual (ISDA)] 
(xx)  
Determination Date(s): 
[[●] in each year] / [Not Applicable] 
 
(Only relevant where Day Count Fraction is 
Actual/Actual (ICMA). In such a case, insert 
regular interest payment dates, ignoring issue date

--- Page 63 ---
- 55 - 
 
 
or maturity date in the case of a long or short first 
or last coupon) 
(xxi)       Party responsible for calculating 
the Rate of Interest and Interest 
Amount (if not the Issue and  
Paying Agent): 
[●] (the "Calculation Agent") 
PROVISIONS RELATING TO REDEMPTION 
14. 
Issuer Call: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] (If not applicable, 
delete the remaining sub-paragraphs of this 
paragraph) 
(i) 
Optional Redemption Date: 
[●]  
(ii) 
Optional Redemption Amount: 
[[●] per Calculation Amount] / [Make-Whole 
Redemption Amount] / [Par]][, subject to 
paragraph 14(iii) below.] 
[(iii) 
Make-Whole 
Redemption 
Amount: 
[Applicable] / [Applicable from, and including, [●] 
to, 
but 
excluding 
the 
Residual 
Call 
Commencement Date. The residual call period is 
applicable in the period from and including the 
Residual Call Commencement Date to but 
excluding [●] (the "Residual Call Period"). 
During the Residual Call Period the Subordinated 
Instruments will be redeemed at par.]/[Not 
Applicable] 
 
(If Residual Call Period is applicable, the security 
selected for the purposes of the Selected Reference 
Bond shall have a tenor up to the Residual Call 
Commencement Date. If Residual Call Period is 
not applicable, such security shall have a tenor up 
to the Maturity Date) 
(a) 
Make-Whole 
Redemption Margin: 
[●] 
(b) 
Reference Bond: 
[[●]/Selected Reference Bond/Not Applicable] 
(c) 
Residual 
Call 
Commencement Date: 
[●] 
(d) 
Quotation Time: 
[●]] 
(iv) 
If redeemable in part: 
 
(a) 
Minimum 
Redemption 
Amount: 
[●] 
(b) 
Maximum Redemption 
Amount: 
[●] 
(v) 
Notice Period (if other than as set 
out in the Conditions): 
[Not Applicable/[●]] 
15. 
Clean-up Call: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-
paragraphs of this paragraph)

--- Page 64 ---
- 56 - 
 
 
(i) 
Minimum Percentage: 
[●] 
(ii) 
Optional Redemption Amount: 
[●] per Calculation Amount / [Par] 
(iii) 
Notice Period (if other than as set 
out in the Conditions): 
[Not Applicable/[●]] 
16. 
Redemption upon a Change of Control: 
 
(i) 
Rated Securities: 
[Not Applicable/[●]] 
(ii) 
Early 
Redemption 
Amount 
(Change of Control): 
[[●] per Calculation Amount / [Par] 
17. 
Redemption for tax reasons: 
  
Early Redemption Amount (Additional 
Amounts): 
[●] per Calculation Amount / [Par] 
18. 
Redemption due to a Tax Event or a 
Rating Agency Event: 
 
Early Redemption Amount (Tax or Rating 
Agency): 
[[●] per Calculation Amount / [Par] 
19.  
Redemption upon an Event of Default: 
 
Early Redemption Amount (Event of 
Default): 
[[●] per Calculation Amount / [Par] 
20. 
Final Redemption Amount: 
[●] per Calculation Amount / [Par] 
GENERAL PROVISIONS APPLICABLE TO THE SUBORDINATED INSTRUMENTS 
21. 
Additional Financial Centre(s): 
[Not Applicable] [give details] 
 
THIRD PARTY INFORMATION 
[[●] has been extracted from [●]. The Issuer confirms that such information has been accurately reproduced 
and that, so far as it is aware and is able to ascertain from information published by [●], no facts have been 
omitted which would render the reproduced information inaccurate or misleading.] 
Signed on behalf of the Issuer: 
 
By: .............................................................................. 
Duly authorised

--- Page 65 ---
- 57 - 
 
 
PART B – OTHER INFORMATION 
1. 
LISTING AND ADMISSION TO TRADING 
(i) 
Application 
for 
listing 
and 
admission to trading: 
[Application has been made to the Irish Stock 
Exchange plc trading as Euronext Dublin for the 
Subordinated Instruments to be admitted to the 
Official List and to trading on its regulated 
market.]/[Not Applicable] 
(ii) 
Date from which admission is 
expected to be effective: 
[●] 
(iii) 
Estimate of total expenses related 
to admission to trading: 
[●] 
2. 
RATINGS 
Ratings: 
[The Subordinated Instruments to be issued have 
not been specifically rated.]/[The Subordinated 
Instruments to be issued have been assigned the 
following ratings by: 
[Moody's: 
[●]] 
[S&P: [●]] 
[Fitch: [●]]. 
[For Subordinated Instruments with a different 
credit rating to the Issuer, include a brief 
explanation of the meaning of the ratings if this has 
previously been published by the rating provider.] 
 
 
3. 
REPLACEMENT INTENTION 
[The Issuer intends (without thereby assuming a legal obligation), during the period from and including 
the Issue Date to but excluding the Second Step-Up Date, that in the event of a redemption of these 
Subordinated Instruments at the Issuer's option pursuant to Condition 4.2 or a repurchase of these 
Subordinated Instruments, it will redeem or repurchase these Subordinated Instruments only to the extent 
the Aggregate Equity Credit of the Subordinated Instruments to be redeemed or repurchased does not 
exceed the Aggregate Equity Credit received by the Issuer or any Subsidiary from the sale or issuance 
by the Issuer or the relevant Subsidiary to third party purchasers (other than group entities of the Issuer) 
of replacement securities (but taking into account any changes in the assessment criteria under Standard 
& Poor's hybrid capital methodology or the interpretation thereof since the issuance of the Subordinated 
Instruments) (the "Restrictions").  
The intention described above does not apply: 
(i) 
if, on the date of such redemption or repurchase, the rating assigned by Standard & 
Poor's to the Issuer is the same as or higher than the long-term corporate credit rating 
assigned to the Issuer on the date when the Issuer's most recent additional hybrid 
security was issued (excluding refinancings) and the Issuer is of the view that such 
rating would not fall below such level as a result of such redemption or repurchase; or 
(ii) 
if, on the date of such redemption or repurchase, the Issuer no longer has a corporate 
issuer credit rating by Standard & Poor's; or 
(iii) 
in the case of a redemption or a repurchase of the Subordinated Instruments if such 
redemption or repurchase, taken together with other redemptions or repurchases of

--- Page 66 ---
- 58 - 
 
 
hybrid securities of the Issuer, is of less than (x) 10 per cent. of the aggregate principal 
amount of the Issuer's outstanding hybrid securities in any period of 12 consecutive 
months or (y) 25 per cent. of the aggregate principal amount of the Issuer's outstanding 
hybrid securities in any period of 10 consecutive years, provided that in each case such 
redemption or repurchase has no materially negative effect on the Issuer's credit profile; 
or 
(iv) 
if, on the date of such redemption or repurchase, the statements made in the Restrictions 
set forth above are no longer required for the Subordinated Instruments to be assigned 
an "equity credit" by Standard & Poor's that is equal to or greater than the "equity credit" 
assigned by Standard & Poor's on the Issue Date; or 
(v) 
if such replacement would cause the Issuer's outstanding hybrid capital which is 
assigned "equity credit" by Standard & Poor's to exceed the maximum aggregate 
principal amount of hybrid capital which Standard & Poor's, under its then prevailing 
methodology, would assign "equity credit" based on the Issuer's adjusted total 
capitalisation. 
For the purpose of the Restrictions, Aggregate Equity Credit means (x) in relation to the Subordinated 
Instruments, the part of the aggregate Principal Amount of the Subordinated Instruments that was 
assigned "equity credit" by Standard & Poor's at the time of their issuance; and (y) in relation to 
replacement securities, the part of the net proceeds received from issuance of such replacement securities 
that was assigned "equity credit" by Standard & Poor's at the time of their sale or issuance (or the "equity 
credit" Standard & Poor's has confirmed will be assigned by it upon expiry or waiver of issuer call rights 
which prevent the assignment of "equity credit" by Standard & Poor's on the issue date of such 
replacement securities).] 
4. 
INTERESTS OF NATURAL AND LEGAL PERSONS INVOLVED IN THE ISSUE 
[Save for any fees payable to the [Managers/Dealer], so far as the Issuer is aware, no person involved in 
the issue of the Subordinated Instruments has an interest material to the offer. The [Managers/Dealers] 
and their affiliates have engaged, and may in the future engage, in investment banking and/or commercial 
banking transactions with, and may perform other services for, the Issuer and its affiliates in the ordinary 
course of business] [Amend as appropriate if there are other interests] 
[(When adding any other description, consideration should be given as to whether such matters 
described constitute "significant new factors" and consequently trigger the need for a supplement to the 
Base Prospectus under Article 23 of the Prospectus Regulation.)] 
5. 
YIELD 
Indication of yield: 
[●] 
 
The yield is calculated at the Issue Date on the 
basis of the Issue Price. It is not an indication of 
future yield. 
6. 
OPERATIONAL INFORMATION 
(i) 
Issuer LEI: 
529900CLC3WDMGI9VH80 
(ii) 
ISIN: 
[●] 
(iii) 
Common Code: 
[●] 
[(iv) 
CFI: 
[See the website of the Association of National 
Numbering Agencies (ANNA) or alternatively 
source from the responsible National Numbering 
Agency that assigned the ISIN/[●]]

--- Page 67 ---
- 59 - 
 
 
[(v) 
FISN: 
[See the website of the Association of National 
Numbering Agencies (ANNA) or alternatively 
source from the responsible National Numbering 
Agency that assigned the ISIN / [●]] 
(vi) 
Any clearing system(s) other than 
Euroclear, 
Clearstream 
Luxembourg and Interbolsa -
Sociedade Gestora de Sistemas 
de Liquidação & de Sistemas 
Centralizados 
de 
Valores 
Mobiliários, S.A., as operator of 
the 
Central 
de 
Valores 
Mobiliários 
[Not Applicable] [give name(s)] 
(vii) 
Names 
and 
addresses 
of 
additional Paying Agent(s) (if 
any): 
[●] 
(viii) 
Intended to be held in a manner 
which would allow Eurosystem 
eligibility: 
[Yes. Note that the designation "yes" simply means 
that the Subordinated Instruments are intended 
upon time to be registered with Interbolsa – 
Sociedade Gestora de Sistemas de Liquidação e de 
Sistemas Centralizados de Valores Mobiliários, 
S.A. in its capacity of securities settlement system 
and 
does 
not 
necessarily 
mean 
that 
the 
Subordinated Instruments will be recognised as 
eligible collateral for Eurosystem monetary policy 
and intra-day credit operations by the Eurosystem 
either upon issue or at any or all times during their 
life. 
Such 
recognition 
will 
depend 
upon 
satisfaction of the Eurosystem eligibility criteria.] 
[Include this text if the Subordinated Instruments 
are intended to be held in a manner which would 
allow Eurosystem Eligibility.]  
 
[No] [Include this text if the Subordinated 
Instruments are not intended to be held in a 
manner which would allow Eurosystem eligibility.] 
7. 
DISTRIBUTION 
(i) 
U.S. Selling Restrictions: 
[Reg. S Compliance Category [1/2/3]; TEFRA not 
applicable] 
(ii) 
Prohibition of Sales to EEA 
Retail Investors: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
(If the Subordinated Instruments clearly do not 
constitute 
"packaged" 
products 
or 
the 
Subordinated 
Instruments 
do 
constitute 
"packaged" products and a key information 
document will be prepared in the EEA, "Not 
Applicable" 
should 
be 
specified. 
If 
the 
Subordinated 
Instruments 
may 
constitute 
"packaged" products and no key information 
document will be prepared, "Applicable" should be 
specified.)

--- Page 68 ---
- 60 - 
 
 
(iii) 
Prohibition of Sales to UK Retail 
Investors: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
(If the Subordinated Instruments clearly do not 
constitute "packaged" products or the Instruments 
do constitute "packaged" products and a key 
information document will be prepared in the UK, 
"Not Applicable" should be specified. If the 
Subordinated 
Instruments 
may 
constitute 
"packaged" products and no key information 
document will be prepared, "Applicable" should be 
specified.) 
(iv) 
Prohibition of Sales to Belgian 
Consumers: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(N.B. advice should be taken from Belgian counsel 
before disapplying this selling restriction) 
8. 
EU BENCHMARKS REGULATION 
Relevant Benchmark[s]: 
[Not applicable] 
[Applicable: 
Amounts 
payable 
under 
the 
Instruments are calculated by reference to [ 
EURIBOR / [●]], which [is/are] provided by 
[insert name[s] of the administrator[s] – if more 
than one specify in relation to each relevant 
benchmark]. 
[As at the date of these Final Terms, [insert 
name[s] of the administrator[s]] [is/are] [not] 
included in the register of administrators and 
benchmarks established and maintained by the 
European Securities and Markets Authority 
[("ESMA")] pursuant to article 36 of the 
Benchmarks 
Regulation 
(Regulation 
(EU) 
2016/1011)] [(repeat as necessary)]] 
[As far as the Issuer is aware, the transitional 
provisions in Article 51 of Regulation (EU) 
2016/1011, as amended apply, such that [name of 
administrator] is not currently required to obtain 
authorisation/registration (or, if located outside the 
European Union, recognition, endorsement or 
equivalence)] 
9. 
REASONS FOR THE OFFER  
 
Reasons for the offer and use of proceeds: 
[General Corporate Purposes - See the first 
paragraph of "Use of Proceeds" in the Base 
Prospectus] 
 
[Green Bonds – An amount equal to the net 
proceeds from the issue of the Subordinated 
Instruments is intended to be used towards EDP's 
Eligible Green Projects portfolio. See the second 
paragraph of "Use of Proceeds" in the Base 
Prospectus for further details] 
 
[Other- to be specified]

--- Page 69 ---
- 61 - 
 
 
Estimate of net proceeds: 
[●]

--- Page 70 ---
- 62 - 
 
 
TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF SENIOR INSTRUMENTS 
The following are the Terms and Conditions of Senior Instruments which as supplemented, modified or 
replaced in relation to any Senior Instruments, will be applicable to each Series of Senior Instruments. 
Certain provisions relating to Senior Instruments while in global form, and certain modifications of these 
Terms and Conditions applicable to Senior Instruments while in global form, are described in the section 
entitled "Provisions relating to the Instruments while in Global Form". 
This Instrument is one of a Series (as defined below) of Instruments issued by an Issuer (the "Issuer") 
which will be, as specified in the Final Terms (as defined below), either EDP – Energias de Portugal, S.A. 
("EDP") or EDP Finance B.V. ("EDP B.V.") and (except in the case of Instruments issued by EDP in book-
entry form ("Book Entry Instruments")) constituted by a Trust Deed dated 14 March 2001 (such Trust 
Deed as modified and/or supplemented and/or restated from time to time, the "Trust Deed") most recently 
amended and restated on or around 13 September 2022 made between EDP, EDP B.V. and Deutsche 
Trustee Company Limited (the "Trustee", which expression shall include any successor as Trustee). Book 
Entry Instruments are integrated in the Interbolsa book-entry system and governed by these conditions, 
certain provisions of the Trust Deed as provided therein and a deed poll given by EDP in favour of the 
holders of Book Entry Instruments dated on or around 13 September 2022 (the "Interbolsa Instrument"). 
References herein to the "Instruments" shall be references to the Instruments of this Series. As used herein, 
"Tranche" means Instruments which are identical in all respects (including as to listing) and "Series" 
means a Tranche of Instruments together with any further Tranche or Tranches of Instruments which are 
(1) expressed to be consolidated and form a single series and (2) identical in all respects (including as to 
listing) except for their respective Issue Dates, Interest Commencement Dates and/or Issue Prices. 
The Instruments, the Receipts (as defined below) and the Coupons (as defined below) have the benefit of 
an Amended and Restated Issue and Paying Agency Agreement (such Amended and Restated Issue and 
Paying Agency Agreement as amended and/or supplemented and/or restated from time to time, the "Agency 
Agreement") dated 13 September 2022 and made between EDP, EDP B.V., Deutsche Bank AG, London 
Branch as issue and principal paying agent and agent bank (the "Issue and Paying Agent", which 
expression shall include any successor agent), Deutsche Bank Luxembourg S.A. as registrar in respect of 
Instruments in registered form (the "Registrar" which expression shall include any successor registrar) and 
the Trustee. Unless the context otherwise requires, the Issue and Paying Agent together with any additional 
or successor paying agents shall be referred to as the "Paying Agents". In the case of Book Entry 
Instruments, Deutsche Bank Aktiengesellschaft – Sucursal em Portugal will be the paying agent in Portugal 
(the "Portuguese Paying Agent"). 
References to the "Final Terms" are, unless otherwise stated, to the Final Terms (or the relevant provisions 
thereof) attached to or endorsed on this Instrument. 
In respect of Instruments issued by EDP B.V., EDP B.V. has the benefit of a Keep Well Agreement (the 
"Keep Well Agreement") also dated 14 March 2001 between EDP and EDP B.V. 
Subject as provided in the Interbolsa Instrument the Trustee acts for the benefit of the Holders (as defined 
below) for the time being of the Instrument, of the Receipts (as defined below) of the Coupons (as defined 
below) (which expression shall, unless the context otherwise requires, include the holders of the Talons (as 
defined below)), and in the case of Book Entry Instruments, the persons shown in the individual securities 
accounts held with an Affiliate Member of Interbolsa (defined below) (the "Book Entry 
Instrumentholders", and, together with the holders of Instruments other than Book Entry Instruments, the 
"Holders", which expression shall, in relation to any Instruments represented by a Global Instrument, be 
construed as provided below) all in accordance with the provisions of the Trust Deed. "Affiliate Member 
of Interbolsa" means any authorised financial intermediary entitled to hold control accounts with Interbolsa 
on behalf of their customers and includes any depositary banks appointed by Euroclear Bank SA/NV 
("Euroclear Bank") and/or Clearstream Banking S.A. ("Clearstream, Luxembourg") for the purpose of 
holding such accounts with Interbolsa on behalf of Euroclear Bank and Clearstream, Luxembourg. 
Copies of the Trust Deed, the Agency Agreement, the Interbolsa Instrument and the Keep Well Agreement 
are (i) available for inspection or collection during normal business hours at the registered office for the 
time being of the Trustee (being, as at 13 September 2022 at Winchester House, 1 Great Winchester Street, 
London EC2N 2DB, United Kingdom) and at the specified office of each of the Paying Agents or (ii) may 
be provided by email to a Holder following their prior written request to the Trustee or any Paying Agents

--- Page 71 ---
- 63 - 
 
 
and provision of proof of holding and identity (in a form satisfactory to the Trustee or the relevant Paying 
Agent, as the case may be). If the Instruments are to be admitted to trading on the regulated market of the 
Irish Stock Exchange plc trading as Euronext Dublin ("Euronext Dublin") the Final Terms will be 
published on the websites of Euronext Dublin (https://live.euronext.com/). The Holders are deemed to have 
notice of, and are entitled to the benefit of, all the provisions of the Trust Deed, the Agency Agreement, the 
Keep Well Agreement and the Final Terms which are applicable to them. The statements in these Terms 
and Conditions include summaries of, and are subject to, the detailed provisions of the Trust Deed or, in 
the case of Book Entry Instruments, the Interbolsa Instrument and those provisions of the Trust Deed 
applicable to them. 
Words and expressions defined in the Trust Deed, the Interbolsa Instrument or the Agency Agreement or 
used in the Final Terms shall have the same meanings where used in these Terms and Conditions unless 
the context otherwise requires or unless otherwise stated and provided that, in the event of inconsistency 
between the Trust Deed and the Agency Agreement, the Trust Deed will prevail and, in the event of 
inconsistency between the Trust Deed or the Agency Agreement and the Final Terms, the Final Terms will 
prevail. 
1. 
Form and Denomination 
Instruments other than Book Entry Instruments 
1.1 
Form: Instruments are issued in bearer form ("Bearer Instruments") or in registered form 
("Registered Instruments"), as specified in the Final Terms and are serially numbered. Registered 
Instruments are not exchangeable for Bearer Instruments. 
1.2 
Coupons and Talons: Interest-bearing Bearer Instruments have attached thereto, at the time of their 
initial delivery, coupons ("Coupons"), presentation of which will be a prerequisite to the payment 
of interest save in certain circumstances specified herein. In addition, if so specified in the Final 
Terms, such Instruments have attached thereto, at the time of their initial delivery, a talon ("Talon") 
for further coupons and the expression "Coupons" shall, where the context so requires, include 
Talons. 
1.3 
Interest Basis: This Instrument may be a Fixed Rate Instrument, a Floating Rate Instrument or a 
Zero Coupon Instrument, or a combination of any of the foregoing, depending upon the Interest 
Basis shown in the Final Terms. 
1.4 
Redemption/Payment Basis: This Instrument may be an Instalment Instrument, depending on the 
Redemption/Payment Basis shown in the Final Terms. 
1.5 
Instalment Instruments: Bearer Instruments, the principal amount of which is repayable by 
instalments ("Instalment Instruments") have attached thereto, at the time of their initial delivery, 
payment receipts ("Receipts") in respect of the instalments of principal. 
1.6 
Denomination of Bearer Instruments: Bearer Instruments are in the Specified Denomination or 
Denominations (each of which denominations is integrally divisible by each smaller denomination) 
specified in the Final Terms. Bearer Instruments of one denomination may not be exchanged for 
Bearer Instruments of any other denomination. 
1.7 
Specified Denomination of Registered Instruments: Registered Instruments are in the minimum 
Specified Denomination specified in the Final Terms or integral multiples thereof. 
1.8 
Currency of Instruments: The Instruments are denominated in such Specified Currency as may be 
specified in the Final Terms. Any currency may be so specified, subject to compliance with all 
applicable legal and/or regulatory and/or central bank requirements. 
Book Entry Instruments 
1.9 
Form: The Book Entry Instruments are issued in dematerialised book-entry form (forma escritural) 
and are nominativas (in which case Interbolsa, at the request of the Issuer, can ask the Affiliate 
Members of Interbolsa for information regarding the identity of the Holders and transmit such 
information to the Issuer).

--- Page 72 ---
- 64 - 
 
 
1.10 
Registration: The Book Entry Instruments will be registered by Interbolsa – Sociedade Gestora de 
Sistemas de Liquidação e de Sistemas Centralizados de Valores Mobiliários, S.A. ("Interbolsa") 
as management entity of the Portuguese Centralised System of Registration of Securities (Central 
de Valores Mobiliários) ("CVM"). Each person shown in the individual securities accounts held 
with an Affiliate Member of Interbolsa as having an interest in the Instruments shall be considered 
the holder of the principal amount of Instruments recorded except as otherwise required by law. 
One or more certificates in relation to the Book Entry Instruments (each a "Certificate") will be 
delivered by the relevant Affiliate Member of Interbolsa in respect of its holding of Instruments 
upon the request by the relevant Instrument holder and in accordance with that Affiliate Member 
of Interbolsa's procedures and pursuant to article 78 of the Portuguese Securities Code (Código dos 
Valores Mobiliários), as amended from time to time, including by Law no.99-A/2021, 31 
December 2021. 
1.11 
Interest Basis: Each Book Entry Instrument may be a Fixed Rate Instrument, a Floating Rate 
Instrument, a Zero Coupon Instrument or a combination of any of the foregoing, depending upon 
the Interest Basis shown in the Final Terms. 
1.12 
Redemption/Payment Basis: Each Book Entry Instrument may be an Instalment Instrument, 
depending on the Redemption/Payment Basis shown in the Final Terms. 
1.13 
Denomination of Book Entry Instruments: Book Entry Instruments are in the Specified 
Denomination or Denominations specified in the Final Terms. Book Entry Instruments of one 
denomination may not be exchanged for Book Entry Instruments of any other denomination. 
1.14 
Currency of Instruments: The Book Entry Instruments will be denominated in Euro or in such other 
currency as can be settled through Interbolsa, subject to compliance with all applicable legal and/or 
regulatory and/or central bank requirements. 
In these Conditions, "Book Entry Instrumentholder" and "holder" for the purposes of Book 
Entry Instruments means the person in whose name a Book Entry Instrument is registered in the 
relevant individual securities accounts held with an Affiliate Member of Interbolsa. 
2. 
Title and Transfer 
2.1 
Title to Bearer Instruments: Title to Bearer Instruments, Receipts and Coupons passes by delivery. 
References herein to the "Holders" of Bearer Instruments or of Receipts or Coupons are to the 
bearers of such Bearer Instruments or such Receipts or Coupons. 
2.2 
Title to Registered Instruments: Title to Registered Instruments passes by registration in the 
register which the Issuer shall procure to be kept by the Registrar. References herein to the 
"Holders" of Registered Instruments are to the persons in whose names such Registered 
Instruments are so registered in the relevant register. 
2.3 
Holder as Owner: The Holder of any Bearer Instrument, Coupon or Registered Instrument will 
(except as otherwise required by applicable law or regulatory requirement) be treated as its absolute 
owner for all purposes (whether or not it is overdue and regardless of any notice of ownership, trust 
or any interest thereof or therein, any writing thereon, or any theft or loss thereof) and no person 
shall be liable for so treating such Holder. 
2.4 
Transfer of Registered Instruments: A Registered Instrument may, upon the terms and subject to 
the conditions set forth in the Agency Agreement, be transferred in whole or in part only (provided 
that such part is, or is an integral multiple of, the minimum Specified Denomination) upon the 
surrender of the Registered Instrument to be transferred, together with the form of transfer endorsed 
on it duly completed and executed, at the specified office of the Registrar or any other Paying 
Agent. A new Registered Instrument will be issued to the transferee and, in the case of a transfer 
of part only of a Registered Instrument, a new Registered Instrument in respect of the balance not 
transferred will be issued to the transferor. 
2.5 
Exchange of Bearer Instruments: If so specified in the Final Terms, the Holder of Bearer 
Instruments may exchange the same for the same aggregate nominal amount of Registered 
Instruments upon the terms and subject to the conditions set forth in the Agency Agreement. In 
order to exchange a Bearer Instrument for a Registered Instrument, the Holder thereof shall

--- Page 73 ---
- 65 - 
 
 
surrender such Bearer Instrument at the specified office outside the United States of the Registrar 
or of any other Paying Agent together with a written request for the exchange. Each Bearer 
Instrument so surrendered must be accompanied by all unmatured Receipts and Coupons 
appertaining thereto other than the Coupon in respect of the next payment of interest falling due 
after the exchange date (as defined in Condition 2.6 (New Registered Instruments)) where the 
exchange date would, but for the provisions of Condition 2.6 (New Registered Instruments), occur 
between the Record Date (as defined in Condition 6.4 (Registered Instruments)) for such payment 
of interest and the date on which such payment of interest falls due. 
2.6 
New Registered Instruments: Each new Registered Instrument to be issued upon the transfer of a 
Registered Instrument or the exchange of a Bearer Instrument for a Registered Instrument will, 
within five Relevant Banking Days of the transfer date or, as the case may be, the exchange date, 
be available for collection by each relevant Holder at the specified office of the Registrar or, at the 
option of the Holder requesting such exchange or transfer be mailed (by uninsured post at the risk 
of the Holder(s) entitled thereto) to such address(es) as may be specified by such Holder. For these 
purposes, a form of transfer or request for exchange received by the Registrar or another Paying 
Agent after the Record Date in respect of any payment due in respect of Registered Instruments 
shall be deemed not to be effectively received by the Registrar or such other Paying Agent until 
the day following the due date for such payment. For the purposes of these Terms and Conditions: 
(a) 
"Relevant Banking Day" means a day on which commercial banks are open for business 
(including dealings in foreign exchange and foreign currency deposits) in the place where 
the specified office of the Registrar is located and, in the case only of an exchange of a 
Bearer Instrument for a Registered Instrument where such request for exchange is made 
to another Paying Agent, in the place where the specified office of such Paying Agent is 
located; 
(b) 
the "exchange date" shall be the Relevant Banking Day following the day on which the 
relevant Bearer Instrument shall have been surrendered for exchange in accordance with 
Condition 2.5 (Exchange of Bearer Instruments); and 
(c) 
the "transfer date" shall be the Relevant Banking Day following the day on which the 
relevant Registered Instrument shall have been surrendered for transfer in accordance with 
Condition 2.4 (Transfer of Registered Instruments). 
2.7 
No Charges upon Transfer or Exchange: The issue of new Registered Instruments on transfer or 
on the exchange of Bearer Instruments for Registered Instruments will be effected without charge 
by or on behalf of the Issuer, the Registrar or any other Paying Agent, but upon payment by the 
applicant of (or the giving by the applicant of such indemnity as the Issuer, the Registrar or such 
other Paying Agent may require in respect of) any tax, duty or other governmental charges which 
may be imposed in relation thereto. 
2.8 
Transfer of Book Entry Instruments: Title to the Book Entry Instruments passes upon registration 
in the relevant individual securities accounts held with an Affiliate Member of Interbolsa. Any 
Book Entry Instrumentholder will (except as otherwise required by law) be treated as its absolute 
owner for all purposes and no person will be liable for so treating the Book Entry Instrumentholder. 
No Holder will be able to transfer Senior Instruments or any interest therein, except in accordance 
with Portuguese laws and regulations. 
3. 
Status of the Instruments 
The Instruments and any relative Receipts and Coupons are direct, unconditional, unsubordinated 
and (subject to the provisions of Condition 4 (Negative Pledge)) unsecured obligations of the Issuer 
and rank pari passu among themselves and (subject as aforesaid and save for certain obligations 
required to be preferred by law) equally with all other unsecured obligations (other than 
subordinated obligations, if any) of the Issuer from time to time outstanding. 
4. 
Negative Pledge 
So long as any of the Instruments remains outstanding (as defined in the Trust Deed), neither the 
Issuer nor, if EDP B.V. is the Issuer, EDP will create or, save only by operation of law, have

--- Page 74 ---
- 66 - 
 
 
outstanding any mortgage, lien, pledge or other charge (each a "Security Interest") other than any 
Permitted Security (as defined below) upon the whole or any part of its undertaking or assets, 
present or future (including any uncalled capital) to secure any Loan Stock of any Person or to 
secure any obligation of any Person under any guarantee of or indemnity or purchase of 
indebtedness undertaking in respect of any Loan Stock of any other Person without at the same 
time or prior thereto at the option of the Issuer or, if the Issuer is EDP B.V., EDP either (1) securing 
the Instruments or securing EDP's obligations under the Keep Well Agreement in each case equally 
and rateably with such Loan Stock, guarantee, indemnity or purchase of indebtedness undertaking 
to the satisfaction of the Trustee or (2) providing such other security for or other arrangement in 
respect of the Instruments or EDP's obligations under the Keep Well Agreement as the Trustee 
shall in its absolute discretion deem not materially less beneficial to the interests of the Holders or 
which shall be approved by an Extraordinary Resolution (as defined in the Trust Deed) of the 
Holders. 
For the purposes of these Terms and Conditions: 
"Loan Stock" means indebtedness (other than the Instruments) having an original maturity of more 
than one year which is in the form of, or represented or evidenced by, bonds, notes, debentures, 
loan stock or other debt securities (not comprising, for the avoidance of doubt, preference shares 
or other equity securities) which for the time being are, or are intended to be with the consent of 
the issuer thereof, quoted, listed, ordinarily dealt in or traded on any stock exchange and/or 
quotation system or by any listing authority or other established securities market other than any 
such indebtedness where the majority thereof is initially placed with investors domiciled in 
Portugal and who purchase such indebtedness in Portugal. 
"Permitted Security" means: 
(i) 
in the case of a consolidation or merger of EDP with or into another company (the 
"Combining Company") any Security Interest over assets of EDP if it is the surviving 
company or the company (if other than EDP) surviving or formed by such consolidation 
or merger provided that: (1) such Security Interest was created by the Combining 
Company over assets owned by it; (2) such Security Interest is existing at the time of such 
consolidation or merger; (3) such Security Interest was not created in contemplation of 
such consolidation or merger; and (4) the amount secured by such Security Interest is not 
increased thereafter; or 
(ii) 
any Security Interest on or with respect to assets (including but not limited to receivables) 
of the Issuer or, if EDP B.V. is the Issuer, EDP which is created pursuant to any 
securitisation or like arrangement in accordance with normal market practice and whereby 
the indebtedness secured by such Security Interest or the indebtedness in respect of any 
guarantee or indemnity which is secured by such Security Interest is limited to the value 
of such assets; or 
(iii) 
any Security Interest securing any indebtedness incurred in relation to any asset for the 
purpose of financing the whole or any part of the acquisition, creation, construction, 
improvement or development of such asset where the financial institutions to whom such 
indebtedness is owed have recourse solely to the applicable project borrower (where such 
project borrower is formed solely or principally for the purpose of the relevant project) 
and/or such asset (or any derivative asset thereof) and/or the shares held in such project 
borrower. 
"Person" means any individual, company, corporation, firm, partnership, joint venture, 
association, organisation, state, agency of a state or other entity, whether or not having separate 
legal personality. 
5. 
Interest 
The Final Terms will indicate whether the Instruments are Fixed Rate Instruments, Floating Rate 
Instruments or Zero Coupon Instruments.

--- Page 75 ---
- 67 - 
 
 
5.1 
Interest on Fixed Rate Instruments 
Each Fixed Rate Instrument bears interest from and including the Interest Commencement Date at 
the rate(s) per annum equal to the Rate(s) of Interest payable in arrear on the Interest Payment 
Date(s) in each year and on the Maturity Date if that does not fall on an Interest Payment Date. For 
so long as any of the Fixed Rate Instruments is represented by a Global Instrument interest will be 
calculated on the aggregate outstanding nominal amount of the Fixed Rate Instruments represented 
by such Global Instrument. In respect of each definitive Fixed Rate Instrument, interest will be 
calculated on its outstanding nominal amount. Interest on Fixed Rate Instruments which are Book 
Entry Instruments will be calculated on the full outstanding nominal amount of the Fixed Rate 
Instruments and will be paid to the Affiliate Members of Interbolsa for distribution by them to the 
accounts of entitled Book Entry Instrumentholders in accordance with Interbolsa's usual rules and 
operating procedures. 
If Instruments are in definitive form, except as provided in the Final Terms, the amount of interest 
payable on each Interest Payment Date in respect of the Fixed Interest Period ending on such date 
will amount to the Fixed Coupon Amount. Payments of interest on any Interest Payment Date will, 
if so specified in the Final Terms, amount to the Broken Amount so specified. 
Except in the case of Instruments in definitive form where an applicable Fixed Coupon Amount or 
Broken Amount is specified in the Final Terms, interest shall be calculated in respect of any period 
by applying the Rate of Interest to: 
(A) 
in the case of Fixed Rate Instruments which are (i) represented by a Global Instrument or 
(ii) Registered Instruments in definitive form, the aggregate outstanding nominal amount 
of (A) the Fixed Rate Instruments represented by such Global Instrument or (B) such 
Registered Instrument; or 
(B) 
in the case of Fixed Rate Instruments which are Bearer Instruments in definitive form, the 
Calculation Amount; 
and, in each case, multiplying such sum by the applicable Day Count Fraction. 
The resultant figure (including after application of any Fixed Coupon Amount or Broken Amount, 
as applicable, to the aggregate outstanding nominal amount of Fixed Rate Instruments which are 
Registered Instruments in definitive form or the Calculation Amount in the case of Fixed Rate 
Instruments which are Bearer Instruments in definitive form) shall be rounded to the nearest sub-
unit of the relevant Specified Currency, half of any such sub-unit being rounded upwards or 
otherwise in accordance with applicable market convention. 
Where the Specified Denomination of a Fixed Rate Instrument which is a Bearer Instrument in 
definitive form is a multiple of the Calculation Amount, the amount of interest payable in respect 
of such Fixed Rate Instrument shall be the product of the amount (determined in the manner 
provided above) for the Calculation Amount and the amount by which the Calculation Amount is 
multiplied to reach the Specified Denomination, without any further rounding. 
"Day Count Fraction" means, in respect of the calculation of an amount of interest for any Fixed 
Interest Period: 
(i) 
if "Actual/Actual (ICMA)" is specified in the Final Terms: 
(a) 
in the case of Instruments where the number of days in the relevant period from 
and including the most recent Interest Payment Date (or, if none, the Interest 
Commencement Date) to but excluding the relevant payment date (the "Accrual 
Period") is equal to or shorter than the Determination Period during which the 
Accrual Period ends, the number of days in such Accrual Period divided by the 
product of (1) the number of days in such Determination Period and (2) the 
number of Determination Dates (as specified in the Final Terms) that would occur 
in one calendar year; or

--- Page 76 ---
- 68 - 
 
 
(b) 
in the case of Instruments where the Accrual Period is longer than the 
Determination Period during which the Accrual Period ends, the sum of: 
(1) 
the number of days in such Accrual Period falling in the Determination 
Period in which the Accrual Period begins divided by the product of (x) 
the number of days in such Determination Period and (y) the number of 
Determination Dates (as specified in the Final Terms) that would occur 
in one calendar year; and 
(2) 
the number of days in such Accrual Period falling in the next 
Determination Period divided by the product of (x) the number of days 
in such Determination Period and (y) the number of Determination Dates 
that would occur in one calendar year; and 
(ii) 
if "30/360" is specified in the Final Terms, the number of days in the period from and 
including the most recent Interest Payment Date (or, if none, the Interest Commencement 
Date) to but excluding the relevant payment date (such number of days being calculated 
on the basis of 12 30-day months) divided by 360; and 
(iii) 
if "Actual/365" or "Actual/Actual (ISDA)" is specified in the Final Terms, the actual 
number of days in the Fixed Interest Period divided by 365 (or, if any portion of that 
Interest Period falls in a leap year, the sum of (A) the actual number of days in that portion 
of the Fixed Interest Period falling in a leap year divided by 366 and (B) the actual number 
of days in that portion of the Fixed Interest Period falling in a non-leap year divided by 
365). 
In these Conditions: 
"Determination Period" means the period from and including a Determination Date to but 
excluding the next Determination Date; 
"Fixed Interest Period" means the period from and including an Interest Payment Date (or the 
Interest Commencement Date) to but excluding the next (or first) Interest Payment Date; and 
"sub-unit" means, with respect to any currency other than euro, the lowest amount of such currency 
that is available as legal tender in the country of such currency and, with respect to euro, means 
one cent. 
5.2 
Interest on Floating Rate Instruments 
(a) 
Interest Payment Dates: Each Floating Rate Instrument bears interest from and including 
the Interest Commencement Date and such interest will be payable in arrear on either: 
(i) 
the Specified Interest Payment Date(s) (each an "Interest Payment Date") in 
each year specified in the Final Terms; or 
(ii) 
if no Specified Interest Payment Date(s) is/are specified in the Final Terms, each 
date (each an "Interest Payment Date") which falls the number of months or 
other period specified as the Specified Period in the Final Terms after the 
preceding Interest Payment Date or, in the case of the first Interest Payment Date, 
after the Interest Commencement Date. 
Such interest will be payable in respect of each Interest Period. In these Terms and 
Conditions, "Interest Period" means the period from and including an Interest Payment 
Date (or the Interest Commencement Date) to but excluding the next (or first) Interest 
Payment Date or the relevant payment date if the Instruments become payable on a date 
other than an Interest Payment Date. For so long as any of the Floating Rate Instruments 
is represented by a Global Instrument held on behalf of Clearstream, Luxembourg and/or 
Euroclear Bank, interest will be calculated on the aggregate outstanding nominal amount 
of the Instruments represented by such Global Instrument. In respect of each definitive 
Floating Rate Instrument, interest will be calculated on its outstanding nominal amount. 
Interest on Floating Rate Instruments which are Book Entry Instruments will be calculated

--- Page 77 ---
- 69 - 
 
 
on the full outstanding nominal amount of the Floating Rate Instruments will be paid to 
the Affiliate Members of Interbolsa for distribution by them to the accounts of entitled 
Instrumentholders in accordance with Interbolsa's usual rules and operating procedures. 
If a Business Day Convention is specified in the Final Terms and (x) if there is no 
numerically corresponding day in the calendar month in which an Interest Payment Date 
should occur or (y) if any Interest Payment Date would otherwise fall on a day which is 
not a Business Day, then, if the Business Day Convention specified is: 
(1) 
in any case where Specified Periods are specified in accordance with 
Condition 5.2(a)(i) above, the Floating Rate Convention, such Interest 
Payment Date (i) in the case of (x) above, shall be the last day that is a 
Business Day in the relevant month and the provisions of (B) below shall 
apply mutatis mutandis or (ii) in the case of (y) above, shall be postponed 
to the next day which is a Business Day unless it would thereby fall into 
the next calendar month, in which event (A) such Interest Payment Date 
shall be brought forward to the immediately preceding Business Day and 
(B) each subsequent Interest Payment Date shall be the last Business Day 
in the month which falls the Specified Period after the preceding 
applicable Interest Payment Date occurred; or 
(2) 
the Following Business Day Convention, such Interest Payment Date 
shall be postponed to the next day which is a Business Day; or 
(3) 
the Modified Following Business Day Convention, such Interest 
Payment Date shall be postponed to the next day which is a Business Day 
unless it would thereby fall into the next calendar month, in which event 
such Interest Payment Date shall be brought forward to the immediately 
preceding Business Day; or 
(4) 
the Preceding Business Day Convention, such Interest Payment Date 
shall be brought forward to the immediately preceding Business Day. 
In these Conditions, "Business Day" means a day which is both: 
(A) 
a day on which commercial banks and foreign exchange markets 
settle payments and are open for general business (including 
dealing in foreign exchange and foreign currency deposits) in 
any Additional Business Centre specified in the Final Terms; 
and 
(B) 
either (1) in relation to any sum payable in a Specified Currency 
other than euro, a day on which commercial banks and foreign 
exchange markets settle payments and are open for general 
business (including dealing in foreign exchange and foreign 
currency deposits) in the principal financial centre of the country 
of the relevant Specified Currency (which, if the Specified 
Currency is Australian dollars, shall be Sydney) or (2) in relation 
to any sum payable in euro, a day on which Trans-European 
Automated Real-Time Gross Settlement Express Transfer 
(TARGET2) System (the "TARGET2 System") is open. 
(b) 
Rate of Interest: The Rate of Interest payable from time to time in respect of Floating Rate 
Instruments will be determined in the manner specified in the Final Terms (which shall 
specify whether ISDA Determination or Screen Rate Determination is applicable). 
(c) 
ISDA Determination for Floating Rate Instruments: Where ISDA Determination is 
specified in the Final Terms as the manner in which the Rate of Interest is to be determined, 
the Rate of Interest for each Interest Period will be the relevant ISDA Rate plus or minus 
(as indicated in the Final Terms) the Margin (if any). For the purposes of this Condition 
5.2(c), "ISDA Rate" for an Interest Period means a rate equal to the Floating Rate that

--- Page 78 ---
- 70 - 
 
 
would be determined by the Issue and Paying Agent or the Calculation Agent, as 
applicable, under an interest rate swap transaction if the Issue and Paying Agent or the 
Calculation Agent, as applicable, were acting as Calculation Agent (as defined in the ISDA 
Definitions) for that swap transaction under the terms of an agreement incorporating the 
ISDA Definitions and under which: 
(i) 
if the Final Terms specify either "2006 ISDA Definitions" or "2021 ISDA 
Definitions" as the applicable ISDA Definitions: 
(A) 
the Floating Rate Option (as defined in the ISDA Definitions) is as 
specified in the relevant Final Terms; 
(B) 
the Designated Maturity (as defined in the ISDA Definitions), if 
applicable, is a period specified in the relevant Final Terms; 
(C) 
the relevant Reset Date (as defined in the ISDA Definitions), unless 
otherwise specified in the relevant Final Terms, has the meaning given 
to it in the ISDA Definitions; 
(D) 
if the specified Floating Rate Option is an Overnight Floating Rate 
Option (as defined in the ISDA Definitions), Compounding is specified 
to be applicable in the relevant Final Terms and: 
(1) 
if Compounding with Lookback is specified as the 
Compounding Method in the relevant Final Terms then (a) 
Compounding with Lookback is the Overnight Rate 
Compounding Method and (b) Lookback is the number of 
Applicable Business Days (as defined in the ISDA Definitions) 
specified in the relevant Final Terms; 
(2) 
if Compounding with Observation Period Shift is specified as 
the Compounding Method in the relevant Final Terms then (a) 
Compounding with Observation Period Shift is the Overnight 
Rate Compounding Method, (b) Observation Period Shift is the 
number of Observation Period Shift Business Days (as defined 
in the ISDA Definitions) specified in the relevant Final Terms 
and (c) Observation Period Shift Additional Business Days (as 
defined in the ISDA Definitions), if applicable, are the days 
specified in the relevant Final Terms; or 
(3) 
if Compounding with Lockout is specified as the Compounding 
Method in the relevant Final Terms then (a) Compounding with 
Lockout is the Overnight Rate Compounding Method, (b) 
Lockout is the number of Lockout Period Business Days (as 
defined in the ISDA Definitions) specified in the relevant Final 
Terms and (c) Lockout Period Business Days, if applicable, are 
the days specified in the relevant Final Terms; 
(E) 
if the specified Floating Rate Option is an Overnight Floating Rate 
Option (as defined in the ISDA Definitions), Averaging is specified to be 
applicable in the relevant Final Terms and: 
(1) 
if Averaging with Lookback is specified as the Averaging 
Method in the relevant Final Terms then (a) Averaging with 
Lookback is the Overnight Rate Averaging Method and (b) 
Lookback is the number of Applicable Business Days (as 
defined in the ISDA Definitions) specified in relevant Final 
Terms; 
(2) 
if Averaging with Observation Period Shift is specified as the 
Averaging Method in the relevant Final Terms then (a) 
Averaging with Overnight Period Shift is the Overnight Rate

--- Page 79 ---
- 71 - 
 
 
Averaging Method, (b) Observation Period Shift is the number 
of Observation Period Shift Business Days (as defined in the 
ISDA Definitions) specified in the relevant Final Terms and (c) 
Observation Period Shift Additional Business Days (as defined 
in the ISDA Definitions), if applicable, are the days specified in 
the relevant Final Terms; or 
(3) 
if Averaging with Lockout is specified as the Averaging Method 
in the relevant Final Terms then (a) Averaging with Lockout is 
the Overnight Rate Averaging Method, (b) Lockout is the 
number of Lockout Period Business Days (as defined in the 
ISDA Definitions) specified in the relevant Final Terms and (c) 
Lockout Period Business Days, if applicable, are the days 
specified in the relevant Final Terms; and 
(F) 
if the specified Floating Rate Option is an Index Floating Rate Option (as 
defined in the ISDA Definitions) and Index Provisions are specified to 
be applicable in the relevant Final Terms, the Compounded Index 
Method with Observation Period Shift (as defined in the ISDA 
Definitions) shall be applicable and, (a) Observation Period Shift is the 
number of Observation Period Shift Business Days (as defined in the 
ISDA Definitions) specified in the relevant Final Terms and (b) 
Observation Period Shift Additional Business Days, if applicable, are the 
days specified in the relevant Final Terms; 
(ii) 
references in the ISDA Definitions to: 
(A) 
"Confirmation" shall be references to the relevant Final Terms; 
(B) 
"Calculation Period" shall be references to the relevant Interest Period; 
(C) 
"Termination Date" shall be references to the Maturity Date; 
(D) 
"Effective Date" shall be references to the Interest Commencement Date; 
and 
(iii) 
if the Final Terms specify "2021 ISDA Definitions" as being applicable: 
(A) 
"Administrator/Benchmark Event" (as defined in the 2021 ISDA 
Definitions) shall be disapplied; and 
(B) 
if the Temporary Non-Publication Fallback in respect of any specified 
Floating Rate Option is specified to be "Temporary Non-Publication 
Fallback – Alternative Rate" in the Floating Rate Matrix of the 2021 
ISDA Definitions the reference to "Calculation Agent Alternative Rate 
Determination" in the definition of "Temporary Non-Publication 
Fallback – Alternative Rate" shall be replaced by "Temporary Non-
Publication Fallback – Previous Day's Rate". 
For the purposes of this Condition 5(c): 
"2006 ISDA Definitions" means, in relation to a Series of Instruments, the 2006 
ISDA Definitions (as supplemented, amended and updated as at the date of issue 
of the first Tranche of the Instruments of such Series) as published by ISDA 
(copies of which may be obtained from ISDA at www.isda.org); 
"2021 ISDA Definitions" means, in relation to a Series of Instruments, the latest 
version of the 2021 ISDA Interest Rate Derivatives Definitions (including each 
Matrix (and any successor Matrix thereto), as defined in such 2021 ISDA Interest 
Rate Derivatives Definitions) as at the date of issue of the first Tranche of 
Instruments of such Series, as published by ISDA on its website (www.isda.org); 
and

--- Page 80 ---
- 72 - 
 
 
"ISDA Definitions" has the meaning given in the relevant Final Terms. 
(iv) 
For the avoidance of doubt, but not withstanding anything to the contrary in these 
Conditions, any requirement under the ISDA Definitions for the Calculation 
Agent (as defined therein): (a) to give notice of a determination made by it to any 
other party will be deemed to be a requirement for the Calculation Agent (as 
defined in these Conditions) to provide an equivalent notice to the relevant Issuer; 
and (b) to consult with the other party or the parties will be deemed to be a 
requirement to consult with the relevant Issuer and such consultation is required 
only when the Calculation Agent determines in good faith that it is necessary. 
Any such notice or (if deemed to be necessary by the Calculation Agent as 
foresaid) consultation ma) be given or carried out orally or in writing (including 
by electronic mail or communications). In addition the right of any party under 
the ISDA Definitions to require the Calculation Agent to take any action or fulfil 
any responsibility will be deemed to be solely the right of the relevant Issuer to 
require this of the Calculation Agent in its discretion and no Holder will have any 
right to require the Issuer to do this. 
If the Rate of Interest for the relevant Interest Period cannot be determined in 
accordance with the above provisions, the Calculation Agent shall determine the 
relevant Rate of Interest by reference to such sources as it deems appropriate. If 
any adjustment, fallback, modification, correction or replacement of a Rate of 
Interest applies pursuant to the ISDA Definitions or the reference interest rate 
swap transaction thereunder then, in relation thereto, the Calculation Agent may 
but shall not be required to take into account any such adjustment, fall back, 
modification, correction or replacement (including by reference to any hedging 
arrangements for the relevant Series of Notes) and make any related or 
consequential changes to these Conditions (including without limitation any 
technical, administrative or operational changes, changes to the definition of 
"Interest Period", timing and frequency of determining of rates and making 
payments of interest and changes to the definition of Designated Maturity) that 
the Calculation Agent determines to be appropriate in a manner substantially 
consistent with market practice (or, if the Calculation Agent decides that adoption 
of any portion of such market practice is not administratively feasible or if the 
Calculation Agent determines that no appropriate market practice exists, in such 
other manner as the Calculation Agent determines is reasonably necessary). 
The Issuer and the Calculation Agent will have the right to make such related or 
consequential changes to these Conditions from time to time, without any 
requirement for the consent or approval of the Trustee or Holders. 
Any determination, decision or election that may be made by the Issuer and the 
Calculation Agent pursuant to this section: 
(i) 
will be conclusive and binding absent manifest error; and 
(ii) 
notwithstanding anything to the contrary in the documentation relating to 
the Instruments, shall become effective without consent from the holders 
of the Instruments, the Trustee or any other party. 
The Trustee and the Issue and Paying Agent shall, at the request and expense of 
EDP and without the requirement for any consent or approval of the Holders, 
concur with EDP and EDP B.V. in effecting any related or consequential changes 
as may be required in order to give effect to this Condition 5.2(c)(iv) subject to 
receipt by the Trustee of the certificate referred to below, provided however, that 
neither the Trustee nor the Issue and Paying Agent shall be obliged so to concur 
if in the reasonable opinion of the Trustee or the Issue and Paying Agent (as 
applicable) doing so would have the effect of imposing more onerous obligations 
upon it or expose it to any additional duties, responsibilities or liabilities or reduce 
or amend the protective provisions in these Conditions, the Agency Agreement 
or the Trust Deed.

--- Page 81 ---
- 73 - 
 
 
Notice of any related or consequential changes under this Condition 5.2(c)(iv) 
will be notified promptly by the Issuer to the Trustee and the Paying Agents and, 
in accordance with Condition 15 (Notices), the Holders. Such notice shall be 
irrevocable and shall specify the effective date of the changes, if any. 
No later than notifying the Trustee of the same, the Issuer shall deliver to the 
Trustee a certificate signed by two of its Directors: 
(A) 
confirming related or consequential changes as determined in accordance 
with the provisions of this Condition 5.2(c)(iv); and 
(B) 
certifying that the relevant related or consequential changes are necessary.  
The Trustee shall be entitled to rely on such certificate (without further enquiry 
and without liability to any person) as sufficient evidence thereof. 
(d) 
Screen Rate Determination for Floating Rate Instruments: Where Screen Rate 
Determination is specified in the Final Terms as the manner in which the Rate of Interest 
is to be determined, the Rate of Interest for each Interest Period will be (other than in 
respect of Instruments for which SONIA, SOFR and/or €STR or any related index is 
specified as the Reference Rate in the relevant Final Terms), subject as provided below, 
either: 
(i) 
the offered quotation; or 
(ii) 
the arithmetic mean (rounded if necessary to the fifth decimal place, with 
0.000005 being rounded upwards) of the offered quotations, 
(expressed as a percentage rate per annum) for the Reference Rate (as specified in the 
Final Terms) which appears or appear, as the case may be, on the Relevant Screen Page 
as at 11.00 a.m. (Relevant Financial Centre time) on the Interest Determination Date in 
question plus or minus (as indicated in the Final Terms) the Margin (if any), all as 
determined by the Issue and Paying Agent or the Calculation Agent, as applicable. If five 
or more of such offered quotations are available on the Relevant Screen Page, the highest 
(or, if there is more than one such highest quotation, one only of such quotations) and the 
lowest (or, if there is more than one such lowest quotation, one only of such quotations) 
shall be disregarded by the Issue and Paying Agent or the Calculation Agent, as applicable, 
for the purpose of determining the arithmetic mean (rounded as provided above) of such 
offered quotations. 
If the Relevant Screen Page is not available or if, in the case of (i) above, no offered 
quotation appears or, in the case of (ii) above, fewer than three offered quotations appear, 
in each case as at 11.00 a.m. (Relevant Financial Centre time), EDP and/or the 
Determination Agent, as applicable, shall request each of the Reference Banks, as 
applicable, to provide them with its offered quotation (expressed as a percentage rate per 
annum) for the Reference Rate at approximately 11.00 a.m. (Relevant Financial Centre 
time) on the Interest Determination Date in question. If two or more of the Reference 
Banks provide EDP or the Determination Agent, as applicable, with offered quotations, 
the Rate of Interest for the Interest Period shall be the arithmetic mean (rounded if 
necessary to the fifth decimal place with 0.000005 being rounded upwards) of the offered 
quotations plus or minus (as appropriate) the Margin (if any), all as determined by the 
EDP or the Determination Agent, as applicable and notified to the Issue and Paying Agent, 
provided that, if the Rate of Interest cannot be determined in accordance with the 
foregoing provisions of this paragraph, the Rate of Interest shall be determined as at the 
last preceding Interest Determination Date (though substituting, where a different Margin 
is to be applied to the relevant Interest Period from that which applied to the last preceding 
Interest Period, the Margin relating to the relevant Interest Period in place of the Margin 
relating to that last preceding Interest Period). 
For the purposes of these Conditions, "Reference Rate" means EURIBOR, SONIA, 
SONIA Compounded Index, SOFR, SOFR Compounded Index, €STR or any other

--- Page 82 ---
- 74 - 
 
 
applicable benchmark as specified in the relevant Final Terms in respect of the currency 
and period specified in the relevant Final Terms. Other than in the case of U.S. dollar-
denominated floating rate Instruments for which the "Reference Rate" is specified in the 
relevant Final Terms as being SOFR, the term Reference Rate shall, following the 
occurrence of a Benchmark Event under Condition 5.4 (Benchmark Discontinuation 
(Independent Adviser)), include any Successor Rate or Alternative Rate and shall, if a 
Benchmark Event should occur subsequently in respect of any such Successor Rate or 
Alternative Rate, also include any further Successor Rate or further Alternative Rate. 
(e) 
Screen Rate Determination for Floating Rate Instruments referencing SONIA: Where 
Screen Rate Determination is specified in the Final Terms as the manner in which the Rate 
of Interest is to be determined, "SONIA" is specified as the Reference Rate in the Final 
Terms and "Index Determination" is specified as "Not Applicable", the Rate of Interest 
for each Interest Period will, subject as provided below, be Compounded Daily SONIA 
plus or minus (as indicated in the relevant Final Terms) the Margin, all as determined by 
the Calculation Agent on each Interest Determination Date. 
For the purposes of this Condition 5.2(e): 
"Compounded Daily SONIA", with respect to an Interest Period, will be calculated by 
the Calculation Agent on each Interest Determination Date in accordance with the 
following formula, and the resulting percentage will be rounded, if necessary, to the fourth 
decimal place, with 0.00005 being rounded upwards: 
቎ෑ൬1 ൅ 𝑆𝑂𝑁𝐼𝐴௜ x 𝑛௜
D
൰
ௗ೚
௜ୀ ଵ
െ1቏x D
𝑑 
"d" means the number of calendar days in: 
(i) 
where "Lag" is specified as the Observation Method in the relevant Final Terms, 
the relevant Interest Period; or 
(ii) 
where "Observation Shift" is specified as the Observation Method in the relevant 
Final Terms, the relevant Observation Period; 
"D" is the number specified in the relevant Final Terms (or, if no such number is specified, 
365); 
"do" means the number of London Banking Days in: 
(i) 
where "Lag" is specified as the Observation Method in the relevant Final Terms, 
the relevant Interest Period; or 
(ii) 
where "Observation Shift" is specified as the Observation Method in the relevant 
Final Terms, the relevant Observation Period; 
"i" means a series of whole numbers from one to do, each representing the relevant London 
Banking Day in chronological order from, and including, the first London Banking Day 
in: 
(i) 
where "Lag" is specified as the Observation Method in the relevant Final Terms, 
the relevant Interest Period; or 
(ii) 
where "Observation Shift" is specified as the Observation Method in the relevant 
Final Terms, the relevant Observation Period; 
to, and including, the last London Banking Day in such Interest Period or, as the case may 
be, such Observation Period; 
"Interest Determination Date" means, in respect of any Interest Period, the date falling 
"p" London Banking Days prior to the Interest Payment Date for such Interest Period (or

--- Page 83 ---
- 75 - 
 
 
the date falling "p" London Banking Days prior to such earlier date, if any, on which the 
Instruments are due and payable). 
"London Banking Day" or "LBD" means any day on which commercial banks are open 
for general business (including dealing in foreign exchange and foreign currency deposits) 
in London; 
"ni", for any London Banking Day "i" in the relevant Interest Period or Observation Period 
(as applicable), is the number of calendar days from, and including, such London Banking 
Day "i" up to, but excluding, the following London Banking Day; 
"Observation Period" means, in respect of an Interest Period, the period from, and 
including, the date falling "p" London Banking Days prior to the first day of such Interest 
Period and ending on, but excluding, the date which is "p" London Banking Days prior to 
the Interest Payment Date for such Interest Period (or the date falling "p" London Banking 
Days prior to such earlier date, if any, on which the Instruments become due and payable); 
"p", for any Interest Period or Observation Period (as applicable), means the number of 
London Banking Days specified as the "Lag Period" or the "Observation Shift Period" (as 
applicable) in the relevant Final Terms or if no such period is specified, five London 
Banking Days; 
"SONIA Reference Rate" means, in respect of any London Banking Day, a reference rate 
equal to the daily Sterling Overnight Index Average ("SONIA") rate for such London 
Banking Day as provided by the administrator of SONIA to authorised distributors and as 
then published on the Relevant Screen Page (or if the Relevant Screen Page is unavailable, 
as otherwise is published by such authorised distributors) on the London Banking Day 
immediately following such London Banking Day; and 
"SONIAi" means, in respect of any London Banking Day "i",  the SONIA Reference Rate 
for: 
(i) 
where "Lag" is specified as the Observation Method in the relevant Final Terms, 
the London Banking Day falling "p" London Banking Days prior to the relevant 
London Banking Day "i"; or 
(ii) 
where "Observation Shift" is specified as the Observation Method in the relevant 
Final Terms, the relevant London Banking Day "i"; 
For the avoidance of doubt, the formula for the calculation of Compounded Daily SONIA 
only compounds the SONIA Reference Rate in respect of any London Banking Day. The 
SONIA Reference Rate applied to a day that is a non-London Banking Day will be taken 
by applying the SONIA Reference Rate for the previous London Banking Day but without 
compounding. 
If, in respect of any London Banking Day in the relevant Interest Period or Observation 
Period (as applicable), the Calculation Agent determines that the SONIA Reference Rate 
is not available on the Relevant Screen Page and has not otherwise been published by the 
relevant authorised distributors, such SONIA Reference Rate shall, subject to Condition 
5.4 (Benchmark Discontinuation (Independent Adviser)), be: 
(i) 
the sum of (a) the Bank of England's Bank Rate (the "Bank Rate") prevailing at 
close of business on the relevant London Banking Day; and (b) the mean of the 
spread of the SONIA Reference Rate to the Bank Rate over the previous five 
London Banking Days on which a SONIA Reference Rate has been published, 
excluding the highest spread (or, if there is more than one highest spread, one 
only of those highest spreads) and lowest spread (or, if there is more than one 
lowest spread, one only of those lowest spreads) to the Bank Rate; or 
(ii) 
if the Bank Rate is not published by the Bank of England at close of business on 
the relevant London Banking Day, (a) the SONIA Reference Rate published on 
the Relevant Screen Page (or otherwise published by the relevant authorised

--- Page 84 ---
- 76 - 
 
 
distributors) for the first preceding London Banking Day on which the SONIA 
Reference Rate was published on the Relevant Screen Page (or otherwise 
published by the relevant authorised distributors) or (b) if this is more recent, the 
latest determined rate under paragraph (i) above. 
Subject to Condition 5.4 (Benchmark Discontinuation (Independent Adviser)), if the Rate 
of Interest cannot be determined in accordance with the foregoing provisions of this 
Condition 5.2(e), the Rate of Interest shall be (i) that determined as at the last preceding 
Interest Determination Date (though substituting, where a different Margin is to be applied 
to the relevant Interest Period from that which applied to the last preceding Interest Period, 
the Margin relating to the relevant Interest Period, in place of the Margin relating to that 
last preceding Interest Period) or (B) if there is no such preceding Interest Determination 
Date, the initial Rate of Interest which would have been applicable to the Instruments for 
the first Interest Period had the Instruments been in issue for a period equal in duration to 
the scheduled first Interest Period but ending on (and excluding) the Interest 
Commencement Date (but applying the Margin applicable to the first Interest Period). 
(f) 
Screen Rate Determination for Floating Rate Instruments referencing SOFR: Where 
Screen Rate Determination is specified in the Final Terms as the manner in which the Rate 
of Interest is to be determined, "SOFR" is specified as the Reference Rate in the Final 
Terms and "Index Determination" is specified as "Not Applicable", the Rate of Interest 
for each Interest Period will, subject as provided below, be the Benchmark plus or minus 
(as indicated in the relevant Final Terms) the Margin, all as determined by the Calculation 
Agent on each Interest Determination Date. 
(i) 
For the purposes of this Condition 5.2(f): 
"Benchmark" means Compounded SOFR, which is a compounded average of 
daily SOFR, as determined for each Interest Period in accordance with the 
specific formula and other provisions set out in this Condition 5.2(f). 
Daily SOFR rates will not be published in respect of any day that is not a U.S. 
Government Securities Business Day, such as a Saturday, Sunday or holiday. For 
this reason, in determining Compounded SOFR in accordance with the specific 
formula and other provisions set forth herein, the daily SOFR rate for any U.S. 
Government Securities Business Day that immediately precedes one or more days 
that are not U.S. Government Securities Business Days will be multiplied by the 
number of calendar days from and including such U.S. Government Securities 
Business Day to, but excluding, the following U.S. Government Securities 
Business Day. 
If the Issuer determines that a Benchmark Transition Event and its related 
Benchmark Replacement Date have occurred in respect of Compounded SOFR 
(or the daily SOFR used in the calculation hereof) prior to the relevant SOFR 
Determination Time, then the provisions under Condition 5.2(f)(ii) below will 
apply. 
"Compounded SOFR" with respect to an Interest Period, means the rate of return 
of a daily compound interest investment computed by the Calculation Agent on 
each Interest Determination Date in accordance with the following formula (and 
the resulting percentage will be rounded, if necessary, to the nearest one hundred-
thousandth of a percentage point, with 0.000005 being rounded upwards to 
0.00001): 
቎ෑ൬1 ൅ 𝑆𝑂𝐹𝑅௜ 𝑥 𝑛௜
𝐷
൰െ1
ௗ೚
௜ୀଵ
቏ 𝑥 𝐷
𝑑

--- Page 85 ---
- 77 - 
 
 
"d" means the number of calendar days in: 
(i) 
where "Lag" is specified as the Observation Method in the relevant Final 
Terms, the relevant Interest Period; or 
(ii) 
where "Observation Shift" is specified as the Observation Method in the 
relevant Final Terms, the relevant Observation Period. 
"D" is the number specified in the relevant Final Terms (or, if no such number is 
specified, 360); 
"do" means the number of U.S. Government Securities Business Days in: 
(i) 
where "Lag" is specified as the Observation Method in the relevant Final 
Terms, the relevant Interest Period; or 
(ii) 
where "Observation Shift" is specified as the Observation Method in the 
relevant Final Terms, the relevant Observation Period. 
"i" is a series of whole numbers from one to do, each representing the relevant 
U.S. Government Securities Business Day in chronological order from, and 
including, the first U.S. Government Securities Business Day in: 
(i) 
where "Lag" is specified as the Observation Method in the relevant Final 
Terms, the relevant Interest Period; or 
(ii) 
where "Observation Shift" is specified as the Observation Method in the 
relevant Final Terms, the relevant Observation Period, 
to and including the last U.S. Government Securities Business Day in such 
Interest Period or, as the case may be, such Observation Period; 
"Interest Determination Date" means, in respect of any Interest Period, the date 
falling "p" U.S. Government Securities Business Days prior to the Interest 
Payment Date for such Interest Period (or the date falling "p" U.S. Government 
Securities Business Days prior to such earlier date, if any, on which the 
Instruments are due and payable); 
"ni", for any U.S. Government Securities Business Day "i" in the relevant Interest 
Period or Observation Period (as applicable), is the number of calendar days from, 
and including, such U.S. Government Securities Business Day "i" up to, but 
excluding, the following U.S. Government Securities Business Day; 
"Observation Period" means, in respect of an Interest Period, the period from, 
and including, the date falling "p" U.S. Government Securities Business Days 
prior to the first day in such Interest Period  and ending on, but excluding, the 
date which is "p" U.S. Government Securities Business Days prior to the Interest 
Payment Date for such Interest Period (or the date falling "p" U.S. Government 
Securities Business Days prior to such earlier date, if any, on which the 
Instruments become due and payable); 
"p" for any Interest Period or Observation Period (as applicable) means the 
number of U.S. Government Securities Business Days specified as the "Lag 
Period" or the "Observation Shift Period" (as applicable) in the relevant Final 
Terms or if no such period is specified, five U.S. Government Securities Business 
Days; 
"SOFR" with respect to any U.S. Government Securities Business Day, means: 
(i) 
the Secured Overnight Financing Rate published for such U.S. 
Government Securities Business Day as such rate appears on the SOFR 
Administrator's Website at 3:00 p.m. (New York time) on the

--- Page 86 ---
- 78 - 
 
 
immediately following U.S. Government Securities Business Day (the 
"SOFR Determination Time"); or 
(ii) 
subject to Condition 5.2(f)(ii) below, if the rate specified in (i) above 
does not so appear, the Secured Overnight Financing Rate as published 
in respect of the first preceding U.S. Government Securities Business 
Day for which the Secured Overnight Financing Rate was published on 
the SOFR Administrator's Website; 
"SOFR Administrator" means the Federal Reserve Bank of New York (or a 
successor administrator of the Secured Overnight Financing Rate); 
"SOFR Administrator's Website" means the website of the Federal Reserve 
Bank of New York, or any successor source; 
"SOFRi" means, in respect of any U.S. Government Securities Business Day "i",  
the SOFR for: 
(i) 
where "Lag" is specified as the Observation Method in the relevant Final 
Terms, the U.S. Government Securities Business Day falling "p" U.S. 
Government Securities Business Days prior to the relevant U.S. 
Government Securities Business Day "i"; or 
(ii) 
where "Observation Shift" is specified as the Observation Method in the 
relevant Final Terms, the relevant U.S. Government Securities Business 
Day "i"; and 
"U.S. Government Securities Business Day" means any day except for a 
Saturday, a Sunday or a day on which the Securities Industry and Financial 
Markets Association recommends that the fixed income departments of its 
members be closed for the entire day for purposes of trading in U.S. government 
securities. 
(ii) 
If the Issuer determines on or prior to the relevant Reference Time that a 
Benchmark Transition Event and its related Benchmark Replacement Date have 
occurred with respect to the then-current Benchmark, the Benchmark 
Replacement will replace the then-current Benchmark for all purposes relating to 
the Floating Rate Instruments in respect of all determinations on such date and 
for all determinations on all subsequent dates. In connection with the 
implementation of a Benchmark Replacement, the Issuer will have the right to 
make Benchmark Replacement Conforming Changes from time to time, without 
any requirement for the consent or approval of the Trustee or Holders. 
Any determination, decision or election that may be made by the Issuer pursuant 
to this section, including any determination with respect to a tenor, rate or 
adjustment or of the occurrence or non-occurrence of an event, circumstance or 
date and any decision to take or refrain from taking any action or any selection: 
(i) 
will be conclusive and binding absent manifest error; 
(ii) 
will be made in the sole discretion of the Issuer; and 
(iii) 
notwithstanding anything to the contrary in the documentation relating 
to the Instruments, shall become effective without consent from the 
holders of the Instruments, the Trustee or any other party. 
For the purposes of this Condition 5.2(f)(ii): 
"Benchmark" means, initially, Compounded SOFR, as such term is defined 
above; provided that if the Issuer determines on or prior to the Reference Time 
that a Benchmark Transition Event and its related Benchmark Replacement Date 
have occurred with respect to Compounded SOFR (or the published daily SOFR

--- Page 87 ---
- 79 - 
 
 
used in the calculation thereof) or the then-current Benchmark, then "Benchmark" 
shall mean the applicable Benchmark Replacement. 
"Benchmark Replacement" means the first alternative set forth in the order 
below that can be determined by the Issuer as of the Benchmark Replacement 
Date: 
(i) 
the sum of: (A) the alternate rate of interest that has been selected or 
recommended by the Relevant Governmental Body as the replacement 
for the then-current Benchmark for the applicable Corresponding Tenor 
and (B) the Benchmark Replacement Adjustment; 
(ii) 
the sum of: (A) the ISDA Fallback Rate and (B) the Benchmark 
Replacement Adjustment; or 
(iii) 
the sum of: (A) the alternate rate of interest that has been selected by the 
Issuer as the replacement for the then-current Benchmark for the 
applicable Corresponding Tenor giving due consideration to any 
industry-accepted rate of interest as a replacement for the then-current 
Benchmark for U.S. dollar-denominated floating rate instruments at such 
time and (B) the Benchmark Replacement Adjustment; 
"Benchmark Replacement Adjustment" means the first alternative set forth in 
the order below that can be determined by the Issuer or its designee as of the 
Benchmark Replacement Date: 
(i) 
the spread adjustment, or method for calculating or determining such 
spread adjustment, (which may be a positive or negative value or zero) 
that has been selected or recommended by the Relevant Governmental 
Body for the applicable Unadjusted Benchmark Replacement; 
(ii) 
if the applicable Unadjusted Benchmark Replacement is equivalent to the 
ISDA Fallback Rate, the ISDA Fallback Adjustment; or 
(iii) 
the spread adjustment (which may be a positive or negative value or zero) 
that has been selected by the Issuer giving due consideration to any 
industry-accepted spread adjustment, or method for calculating or 
determining such spread adjustment, for the replacement of the then-
current Benchmark with the applicable Unadjusted Benchmark 
Replacement for U.S. dollar-denominated floating rate instruments at 
such time; 
"Benchmark Replacement Conforming Changes" means, with respect to any 
Benchmark Replacement, any technical, administrative or operational changes 
(including changes to the timing and frequency of determining rates and making 
payments of interest, rounding of amounts or tenors, and other administrative 
matters) that the Issuer decides may be appropriate to reflect the adoption of such 
Benchmark Replacement in a manner substantially consistent with market 
practice (or, if the Issuer decides that adoption of any portion of such market 
practice is not administratively feasible or if the Issuer determines that no market 
practice for use of the Benchmark Replacement exists, in such other manner as 
the Issuer determines is reasonably necessary); 
"Benchmark Replacement Date" means the earliest to occur of the following 
events with respect to the then-current Benchmark (including the daily published 
component used in the calculation thereof): 
(i) 
in the case of clause (i) or (ii) of the definition of "Benchmark Transition 
Event," the later of (a) the date of the public statement or publication of 
information referenced therein and (b) the date on which the 
administrator of the Benchmark permanently or indefinitely ceases to 
provide the Benchmark (or such component); or

--- Page 88 ---
- 80 - 
 
 
(ii) 
in the case of clause (iii) of the definition of "Benchmark Transition 
Event," the date of the public statement or publication of information 
referenced therein. 
For the avoidance of doubt, if the event that gives rise to the Benchmark 
Replacement Date occurs on the same day as, but earlier than, the Reference Time 
in respect of any determination, the Benchmark Replacement Date will be deemed 
to have occurred prior to the Reference Time for such determination; 
"Benchmark Transition Event" means the occurrence of one or more of the 
following events with respect to the then-current Benchmark (including the daily 
published component used in the calculation thereof): 
(i) 
a public statement or publication of information by or on behalf of the 
administrator of the Benchmark (or such component) announcing that 
such administrator has ceased or will cease to provide the Benchmark (or 
such component), permanently or indefinitely, provided that, at the time 
of such statement or publication, there is no successor administrator that 
will continue to provide the Benchmark (or such component); or 
(ii) 
a public statement or publication of information by the regulatory 
supervisor for the administrator of the Benchmark (or such component), 
the central bank for the currency of the Benchmark (or such component), 
an insolvency official with jurisdiction over the administrator for the 
Benchmark (or such component), a resolution authority with jurisdiction 
over the administrator for the Benchmark (or such component) or a court 
or an entity with similar insolvency or resolution authority over the 
administrator for the Benchmark, which states that the administrator of 
the Benchmark (or such component) has ceased or will cease to provide 
the Benchmark (or such component) permanently or indefinitely, 
provided that, at the time of such statement or publication, there is no 
successor administrator that will continue to provide the Benchmark (or 
such component); or 
(iii) 
a public statement or publication of information by the regulatory 
supervisor for the administrator of the Benchmark (or such component) 
announcing that the Benchmark (or such component) is no longer 
representative; 
"Corresponding Tenor" with respect to a Benchmark Replacement, means a 
tenor (including overnight) having approximately the same length (disregarding 
business day adjustment) as the applicable tenor for the then-current Benchmark; 
"ISDA Fallback Adjustment" means the spread adjustment (which may be a 
positive or negative value or zero) that would apply for derivatives transactions 
referencing the 2006 ISDA Definitions to be determined upon the occurrence of 
an index cessation event with respect to the Benchmark; 
"ISDA Fallback Rate" means the rate that would apply for derivatives 
transactions referencing the 2006 ISDA Definitions to be effective upon the 
occurrence of an index cessation date with respect to the Benchmark for the 
applicable tenor excluding the applicable ISDA Fallback Adjustment; 
"Reference Time" with respect to any determination of the Benchmark means (i) 
if the Benchmark is Compounded SOFR, the SOFR Determination Time, and (ii) 
if the Benchmark is not Compounded SOFR, the time determined by the Issuer 
after giving effect to the Benchmark Replacement Conforming Changes; 
"Relevant Governmental Body" means the Federal Reserve Board and/or the 
Federal Reserve Bank of New York, or a committee officially endorsed or

--- Page 89 ---
- 81 - 
 
 
convened by the Federal Reserve Board and/or the Federal Reserve Bank of New 
York or any successor thereto; and 
"Unadjusted Benchmark Replacement" means the Benchmark Replacement 
excluding the Benchmark Replacement Adjustment. 
(iii) 
Any Benchmark Replacement, Benchmark Replacement Adjustment and the 
specific terms of any Benchmark Replacement Conforming Changes, determined 
under Condition 5.2(f)(ii) above will be notified promptly by the Issuer to the 
Trustee, the Agents and, in accordance with Condition 15 (Notices), the Holders. 
Such notice shall be irrevocable and shall specify the effective date on which such 
changes take effect. 
No later than notifying the Trustee and the Agents of the same, the Issuer shall 
deliver to the Trustee a certificate signed by two Directors of the Issuer: 
(A) 
confirming (x) that a Benchmark Transition Event has occurred, (y) the 
relevant Benchmark Replacement and, (z) where applicable, any 
Benchmark Replacement Adjustment and/or the specific terms of any 
relevant Benchmark Replacement Conforming Changes, in each case as 
determined in accordance with the provisions of this Condition 5.2(f); 
and 
(B) 
certifying that the relevant Benchmark Replacement Conforming 
Changes are necessary to ensure the proper operation of such Benchmark 
Replacement and/or Benchmark Replacement Adjustment. 
(iv) 
If the Rate of Interest cannot be determined in accordance with the foregoing 
provisions of this Condition 5.2(f), the Rate of Interest shall be (A) that 
determined as at the last preceding Interest Determination Date (though 
substituting, where a different Margin is to be applied to the relevant Interest 
Period from that which applied to the last preceding Interest Period, the Margin 
relating to the relevant Interest Period, in place of the Margin relating to that last 
preceding Interest Period) or (B) if there is no such preceding Interest 
Determination Date, the initial Rate of Interest which would have been applicable 
to the Instruments for the first Interest Period had the Instruments been in issue 
for a period equal in duration to the scheduled first Interest Period but ending on 
(and excluding) the Interest Commencement Date (but applying the Margin 
applicable to the first Interest Period). 
(g) 
Screen Rate Determination for Floating Rate Instruments referencing €STR: Where 
Screen Rate Determination is specified in the Final Terms as the manner in which the Rate 
of Interest is to be determined, "€STR" is specified as the Reference Rate in the Final 
Terms and "Index Determination" is specified as "Not Applicable", the Rate of Interest 
for each Interest Period will, subject as provided below, be Compounded Daily €STR plus 
or minus (as indicated in the relevant Final Terms) the Margin, all as determined by the 
Calculation Agent on each Interest Determination Date. 
(i) 
For the purposes of this Condition 5.2(g): 
"Compounded Daily €STR" means, with respect to an Interest Period, the rate 
of return of a daily compound interest investment (with the daily euro short-term 
rate as reference rate for the calculation of interest) as calculated by the 
Calculation Agent as at the relevant Interest Determination Date in accordance 
with the following formula (and the resulting percentage will be rounded if 
necessary to the nearest fifth decimal place, with 0.000005 being rounded 
upwards): 
቎ෑ൬1 ൅€STR௜ ൈ 𝑛௜
D
൰െ1
ௗ೚
௜ୀଵ
቏ൈD
𝑑

--- Page 90 ---
- 82 - 
 
 
where: 
"d" means the number of calendar days in: 
(i) 
where "Lag" is specified as the Observation Method in the relevant Final 
Terms, the relevant Interest Period; or 
(ii) 
where "Observation Shift" is specified as the Observation Method in the 
relevant Final Terms, the relevant Observation Period; 
"D" means the number specified as such in the relevant Final Terms (or, if no 
such number is specified, 360); 
"do" means the number of TARGET Settlement Days in: 
(i) 
where "Lag" is specified as the Observation Method in the relevant Final 
Terms, the relevant Interest Period; or 
(ii) 
where "Observation Shift" is specified as the Observation Method in the 
relevant Final Terms, the relevant Observation Period; 
the "€STR reference rate", in respect of any TARGET Settlement Day, is a 
reference rate equal to the daily euro short-term rate ("€STR") for such TARGET 
Settlement Day as provided by the European Central Bank as the administrator of 
€STR (or any successor administrator of such rate) on the website of the European 
Central Bank (or, if no longer published on its website, as otherwise published by 
it or provided by it to authorised distributors and as then published on the Relevant 
Screen Page or, if the Relevant Screen Page is unavailable, as otherwise published 
by such authorised distributors) on the TARGET Settlement Day immediately 
following such TARGET Settlement Day (in each case, at the time specified by, 
or determined in accordance with, the applicable methodology, policies or 
guidelines, of the European Central Bank or the successor administrator of such 
rate); 
"€STRi" means, in respect of any TARGET Settlement Day "i", the €STR 
reference rate for: 
(i) 
where "Lag" is specified as the Observation Method in the relevant Final 
Terms, the TARGET Settlement Day falling "p" TARGET Settlement 
Days prior to the relevant TARGET Settlement Day "i"; or 
(ii) 
where "Observation Shift" is specified as the Observation Method in the 
relevant Final Terms, the relevant TARGET Settlement Day "i". 
"i" means a series of whole numbers from one to "do", each representing the 
relevant TARGET Settlement Day in chronological order from, and including, 
the first TARGET Settlement Day in: 
(i) 
where "Lag" is specified as the Observation Method in the relevant Final 
Terms, the relevant Interest Period; or 
(ii) 
where "Observation Shift" is specified as the Observation Method in the 
relevant Final Terms, the relevant Observation Period; 
to, and including, the last TARGET Settlement Day in such Interest Period or, as 
the case may be, such Observation Period; 
"Interest Determination Date" means, in respect of any Interest Period, the date 
falling "p" TARGET Settlement Days prior to the Interest Payment Date for such 
Interest Period (or the date falling "p" TARGET Settlement Days prior to such 
earlier date, if any, on which the Instruments are due and payable);

--- Page 91 ---
- 83 - 
 
 
"ni", for any TARGET Settlement Day "i" in the relevant Interest Period or 
Observation Period (as applicable), means the number of calendar days from, and 
including, such TARGET Settlement Day "i" up to, but excluding, the following 
TARGET Settlement Day; 
"Observation Period" means, in respect of any Interest Period, the period from, 
and including, the date falling "p" TARGET Settlement Days prior to the first day 
of the relevant Interest Period to (but excluding)and ending on, but excluding, the 
date falling "p" TARGET Settlement Days prior to the Interest Payment Date for 
such Interest Period (or the date falling "p" TARGET Settlement Days prior to 
such earlier date, if any, on which the Instruments become due any payable; and 
"p" for any latest Interest Period or Observation Period (as applicable), means the 
number of TARGET Settlement Days specified as the "Lag Period" or the 
"Observation Shift Period" (as applicable) in the relevant Final Terms or, if no 
such period is specified, five TARGET Settlement Days. 
(ii) 
Subject to Condition 5.4 (Benchmark Discontinuation (Independent Adviser)), if, 
where any Rate of Interest is to be calculated pursuant to the foregoing provisions 
of this Condition 5.2(g), in respect of any TARGET Settlement Day in respect of 
which an applicable €STR reference rate is required to be determined, such €STR 
reference rate is not made available on the Relevant Screen Page and has not 
otherwise been published by the relevant authorised distributors, then the €STR 
reference rate in respect of such TARGET Settlement Day shall be the €STR 
reference rate for the first preceding TARGET Settlement Day in respect of which 
€STR reference rate was published by the European Central Bank on its website, 
as determined by the Calculation Agent. 
(iii) 
Subject to Condition 5.4 (Benchmark Discontinuation (Independent Adviser)), if 
the Rate of Interest cannot be determined in accordance with the foregoing 
provisions of this Condition 5.2(g), the Rate of Interest shall be (A) that 
determined as at the last preceding Interest Determination Date (though 
substituting, where a different Margin is to be applied to the relevant Interest 
Period from that which applied to the last preceding Interest Period, the Margin 
relating to the relevant Interest Period, in place of the Margin relating to that last 
preceding Interest Period) or (B) if there is no such preceding Interest 
Determination Date, the initial Rate of Interest which would have been applicable 
to the Instruments for the first Interest Period had the Instruments been in issue 
for a period equal in duration to the scheduled first Interest Period but ending on 
(and excluding) the Interest Commencement Date (but applying the Margin 
applicable to the first Interest Period). 
(h) 
Screen Rate Determination for Floating Rate Instruments referencing SONIA 
Compounded Index or SOFR Compounded Index: Where Screen Rate Determination is 
specified in the Final Terms as the manner in which the Rate of Interest is to be determined, 
"SONIA" or "SOFR" is specified as the Reference Rate in the Final Terms and "Index 
Determination" is specified as "Applicable", the Rate of Interest for each Interest Period 
will be the compounded daily reference rate for the relevant Interest Period, calculated in 
accordance with the following formula on the relevant Interest Determination Date: 
ሺ𝐶𝑜𝑚𝑝𝑜𝑢𝑛𝑑𝑒𝑑 𝐼𝑛𝑑𝑒𝑥 𝐸𝑛𝑑
𝐶𝑜𝑚𝑝𝑜𝑢𝑛𝑑𝑒𝑑 𝐼𝑛𝑑𝑒𝑥 𝑆𝑡𝑎𝑟𝑡െ1ሻ 𝑋 𝑁𝑢𝑚𝑒𝑟𝑎𝑡𝑜𝑟
𝑑
 
and rounded to the Relevant Decimal Place, plus or minus the Margin (if any), all as 
determined and calculated by the Calculation Agent, where: 
"Compounded Index" shall mean either the SONIA Compounded Index or the SOFR 
Compounded Index, as specified in the relevant Final Terms; 
"Compounded Index End" means, in respect of an Interest Period, the relevant 
Compounded Index value on the day falling the Relevant Number of Index Days prior to

--- Page 92 ---
- 84 - 
 
 
the Interest Payment Date for such Interest Period, or such other date on which the relevant 
payment of interest falls due (but which by its definition or the operation of the relevant 
provisions is excluded from such Interest Period); 
"Compounded Index Start" means, in respect of an Interest Period, the relevant 
Compounded Index value on the day falling the Relevant Number of Index Days prior to 
the first day of the relevant Interest Period; 
"d" is the number of calendar days from (and including) the day on which the relevant 
Compounded Index Start is determined to (but excluding) the day on which the relevant 
Compounded Index End is determined; 
"Index Days" means, in the case of the SONIA Compounded Index, London Banking 
Days, and, in the case of the SOFR Compounded Index, U.S. Government Securities 
Business Days; 
"Interest Determination Date" means in respect of any Interest Period: 
(i) 
in the case of the SONIA Compounded Index, , the date falling "p" London 
Banking Days prior to the Interest Payment Date for such Interest Period (or the 
date falling "p" London Banking Days prior to such earlier date, if any, on which 
the Instruments are due and payable); and 
(ii) 
in the case of the SOFR Compounded Index, the date falling "p" U.S. Government 
Securities Business Days prior to the Interest Payment Date for such Interest 
Period (or the date falling "p" U.S. Government Securities Business Days prior to 
such earlier date, if any, on which the Instruments are due and payable); 
"London Banking Day" or "LBD" means any day on which commercial banks are open 
for general business (including dealing in foreign exchange and foreign currency deposits) 
in London; 
"Numerator" means, in the case of the SONIA Compounded Index, 365 and, in the case 
of the SOFR Compounded Index, 360; 
"Relevant Decimal Place" shall, unless otherwise specified in the relevant Final Terms, 
be the fifth decimal place, rounded up or down, if necessary (with 0.00000005 being 
rounded upwards); 
"Relevant Number" is as specified in the relevant Final Terms, but, unless otherwise 
specified shall be five; 
"SONIA Compounded Index" means the Compounded Daily SONIA rate as published 
at 10:00 (London time) by the Bank of England (or a successor administrator of SONIA) 
on the Bank of England's Interactive Statistical Database, or any successor source; 
"SOFR Compounded Index" means the Compounded SOFR rate as published at 15:00 
(New York time) by Federal Reserve Bank of New York (or a successor administrator of 
SOFR) on the website of the Federal Reserve Bank of New York, or any successor source; 
and 
"U.S. Government Securities Business Day" means any day except for a Saturday, a 
Sunday or a day on which the Securities Industry and Financial Markets Association 
recommends that the fixed income departments of its members be closed for the entire day 
for purposes of trading in U.S. government securities. 
Provided that a Benchmark Event has not occurred in respect of the relevant 
Compounded Index where the relevant Compounded Index is SONIA or a Benchmark 
Transition Event and its related Benchmark Replacement Date has not occurred where the 
relevant Compounded Index is SOFR, as the case may be, if, with respect to any Interest 
Period, the relevant rate is not published for the relevant Compounded Index either on the 
relevant Start or End date, then the Calculation Agent shall calculate the rate of interest

--- Page 93 ---
- 85 - 
 
 
for that Interest Period as if Index Determination was not specified in the relevant Final 
Terms and as if Compounded SONIA or Compounded Daily SOFR (as defined in 
Condition 5.2(e) or Condition 5.2(f), as applicable) had been specified instead in the Final 
Terms, and in each case "Observation Shift" had been specified as the Observation Method 
in the relevant Final Terms, and where the Observation Period for the purposes of that 
definition in Condition 5.2(e) or Condition 5.2(f) (as applicable) shall be deemed to be the 
same as the Relevant Number specified in the Final Terms and where, in the case of 
Compounded Daily SONIA, the Relevant Screen Page will be determined by the Issuer. 
For the avoidance of doubt, if a Benchmark Event has occurred in respect of SONIA, the 
provisions of Condition 5.4 (Benchmark Discontinuation (Independent Adviser)) shall 
apply and if a Benchmark Transition Event and its related Benchmark Replacement Date 
have occurred in respect of SOFR, the provisions of Condition 5.2(f) shall apply. 
(i) 
Minimum Rate of Interest and/or Maximum Rate of Interest: If the Final Terms specifies 
a Minimum Rate of Interest for any Interest Period, then, in the event that the Rate of 
Interest in respect of such Interest Period determined in accordance with the provisions of 
Conditions 5.2(c), 5.2(d), 5.2(e), 5.2(f), 5.2(g) or 5.2(h) above is less than such Minimum 
Rate of Interest, the Rate of Interest for such Interest Period shall be such Minimum Rate 
of Interest. 
If the Final Terms specifies a Maximum Rate of Interest for any Interest Period, then, in 
the event that the Rate of Interest in respect of such Interest Period determined in 
accordance with the provisions of Conditions 5.2(c), 5.2(d), 5.2(e), 5.2(f), 5.2(g) or 5.2(h) 
is greater than such Maximum Rate of Interest, the Rate of Interest for such Interest Period 
shall be such Maximum Rate of Interest. 
(j) 
Determination of Rate of Interest and calculation of Interest Amounts: The Issue and 
Paying Agent or the Calculation Agent, as applicable, will at or as soon as practicable after 
each time at which the Rate of Interest is to be determined, determine the Rate of Interest 
for the relevant Interest Period. 
The Issue and Paying Agent will calculate the amount of interest (the "Interest Amount") 
payable on the Floating Rate Instruments in respect of each Specified Denomination for 
the relevant Interest Period. 
The Issue and Paying Agent or the Calculation Agent, as applicable, will calculate the 
amount of interest ("Interest Amount") payable on the Floating Rate Instruments for the 
relevant Interest Period by applying the Rate of Interest to: 
(A) 
in the case of Floating Rate Instruments which are represented by a Global 
Instrument, the aggregate outstanding nominal amount of the Instruments 
represented by such Global Instrument; or 
(B) 
in the case of Floating Rate Instruments in definitive form, the Calculation 
Amount, 
and, in each case multiplying such sum by the applicable Day Count Fraction and rounding 
the resultant figure to the nearest sub-unit of the relevant Specified Currency, half of any 
such sub-unit being rounded upwards or otherwise in accordance with applicable market 
convention. Where the Specified Denomination of a Floating Rate Instrument in definitive 
form is a multiple of the Calculation Amount, the Interest Amount payable in respect of 
such Instrument shall be the product of the amount (determined in the manner provided 
above) for the Calculation Amount and the amount by which the Calculation Amount is 
multiplied to reach the Specified Denomination without any further rounding. 
"Day Count Fraction" means, in respect of the calculation of an amount of interest for 
any Interest Period: 
(i) 
if "Actual/Actual" or "Actual/Actual (ISDA)" is specified in the Final Terms, 
the actual number of days in the Interest Period divided by 365 (or, if any portion 
of that Interest Period falls in a leap year, the sum of (A) the actual number of

--- Page 94 ---
- 86 - 
 
 
days in that portion of the Interest Period falling in a leap year divided by 366 
and (B) the actual number of days in that portion of the Interest Period falling in 
a non-leap year divided by 365); 
(ii) 
if "Actual/365 (Fixed)" is specified in the Final Terms, the actual number of 
days in the Interest Period divided by 365; 
(iii) 
if "Actual/365 (Sterling)" is specified in the Final Terms, the actual number of 
days in the Interest Period divided by 365 or, in the case of an Interest Payment 
Date falling in a leap year, 366; 
(iv) 
if "Actual/360" is specified in the Final Terms, the actual number of days in the 
Interest Period divided by 360; 
(v) 
if "30/360", "360/360" or "Bond Basis" is specified in the Final Terms, the 
number of days in the Interest Period divided by 360, calculated on a formula 
basis as follows: 
Day Count Fraction ൌሾ360 x ሺYଶെYଵሻሿ൅ሾ30 x ሺMଶെMଵሻሿ൅ሺDଶെDଵሻ
360
 
where: 
"Y1" is the year, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the Interest 
Period falls; 
"Y2" is the year, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately following 
the last day of the Interest Period falls; 
"M1" is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the 
Interest Period falls; 
"M2" is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately 
following the last day of the Interest Period falls; 
"D1" is the first calendar day, expressed as a number, of the Interest Period, unless 
such number would be 31, in which case D1 will be 30; and 
"D2" is the calendar day, expressed as a number, immediately following the last 
day included in the Interest Period, unless such number would be 31 and D1 is 
greater than 29, in which case D2 will be 30; 
(vi) 
if "30E/360" or "Eurobond Basis" is specified in the Final Terms, the number 
of days in the Interest Period divided by 360, calculated on a formula basis as 
follows: 
Day Count Fraction ൌሾ360 x ሺYଶെYଵሻሿ൅ሾ30 x ሺMଶെMଵሻሿ൅ሺDଶെDଵሻ
360
 
where: 
"Y1" is the year, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the Interest 
Period falls; 
"Y2" is the year, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately following 
the last day of the Interest Period falls; 
"M1" is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the 
Interest Period falls; 
"M2" is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately 
following the last day of the Interest Period falls;

--- Page 95 ---
- 87 - 
 
 
"D1" is the first calendar day, expressed as a number, of the Interest Period, unless 
such number would be 31, in which case D1 will be 30; and 
"D2" is the calendar day, expressed as a number, immediately following the last 
day included in the Interest Period, unless such number would be 31, in which 
case D2 will be 30; and 
(vii) 
if "30E/360 (ISDA)" is specified in the Final Terms, the number of days in the 
Interest Period divided by 360, calculated on a formula basis as follows: 
Day Count Fraction ൌሾ360 x ሺYଶെYଵሻሿ൅ሾ30 x ሺMଶെMଵሻሿ൅ሺDଶെDଵሻ
360
 
where: 
"Y1" is the year, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the Interest 
Period falls; 
"Y2" is the year, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately following 
the last day of the Interest Period falls; 
"M1" is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the 
Interest Period falls; 
"M2" is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately 
following the last day of the Interest Period falls; 
"D1" is the first calendar day, expressed as a number, of the Interest Period, unless 
(1) that day is the last day of February or (2) such number would be 31, in which 
case D1 will be 30; and 
"D2" is the calendar day, expressed as a number, immediately following the last 
day included in the Interest Period, unless (1) that day is the last day of February 
but not the Maturity Date or (2) such number would be 31 and D2 will be 30. 
(k) 
Notification of Rate of Interest and Interest Amounts: The Issue and Paying Agent or the 
Calculation Agent, as applicable, will cause the Rate of Interest and each Interest Amount 
for each Interest Period and the relevant Interest Payment Date to be notified to the Issuer, 
the Trustee and any stock exchange or other relevant authority on which the relevant 
Floating Rate Instruments are for the time being listed or by which they have been 
admitted to listing and notice thereof to be published in accordance with Condition 15 
(Notices) as soon as possible after their determination but in no event later than the fourth 
London Business Day thereafter. Each Interest Amount and Interest Payment Date so 
notified may subsequently be amended (or appropriate alternative arrangements made by 
way of adjustment) without prior notice in the event of an extension or shortening of the 
Interest Period. Any such amendment will be promptly notified to each stock exchange or 
other relevant authority on which the relevant Floating Rate Instruments are for the time 
being listed or by which they have been admitted to listing and to the Holders in 
accordance with Condition 15 (Notices). For the purposes of this paragraph, the expression 
"London Business Day" means a day (other than a Saturday or a Sunday) on which banks 
and foreign exchange markets are open for business in London. 
(l) 
Linear Interpolation: Where Linear Interpolation is specified as applicable in respect of 
an Interest Period in the Final Terms, the Rate of Interest for such Interest Period shall be 
calculated by the Issue and Paying Agent or the Calculation Agent, as applicable, by 
straight line linear interpolation by reference to two rates based on the relevant Reference 
Rate (where Screen Rate Determination is specified as applicable in the Final Terms) or 
the relevant Floating Rate Option (where ISDA Determination is specified as applicable 
in the Final Terms), one of which shall be determined as if the Designated Maturity were 
the period of time for which rates are available next shorter than the length of the relevant 
Interest Period and the other of which shall be determined as if the Designated Maturity 
were the period of time for which rates are available next longer than the length of the

--- Page 96 ---
- 88 - 
 
 
relevant Interest Period provided however that if there is no rate available for a period 
of time next shorter or, as the case may be, next longer, then the Issue and Paying Agent 
or the Calculation Agent, as applicable, shall determine such rate at such time and by 
reference to such sources as it determines appropriate. 
"Designated Maturity" means, in relation to Screen Rate Determination, the period of 
time designated in the Reference Rate. 
(m) 
Determination or calculation by the Calculation Agent: If for any reason at any time the 
Issue and Paying Agent defaults in its obligations to determine the Rate of Interest or in 
its obligation to calculate any Interest Amount in accordance with the provisions of 
Conditions 5.2(c), 5.2(d), 5.2(e), 5.2(f), 5.2(g) or 5.2(h) above, as the case may be, and in 
each case, in accordance with Condition 5.2(j) above, the Calculation Agent shall 
determine the Rate of Interest at such rate as, in its absolute discretion (having such regard 
as it may think fit to the foregoing provisions of this Condition, but subject always to any 
Minimum or Maximum Rate of Interest specified in the Final Terms), it shall deem fair 
and reasonable in all the circumstances or, as the case may be, the Calculation Agent may 
calculate the Interest Amount(s) in such manner as it shall deem fair and reasonable in all 
the circumstances and each such determination or calculation shall be deemed to have 
been made by the Issue and Paying Agent. 
(n) 
Certificates to be final: All certificates, communications, opinions, determinations, 
calculations, quotations and decisions given, expressed, made or obtained for the purposes 
of the provisions of this Condition 5.2, by the Determination Agent or the Calculation 
Agent, as applicable, shall (in the absence of manifest error) be binding on the Issuer, the 
Trustee, EDP (if the Issuer is EDP B.V.), the Issue and Paying Agent, the other Paying 
Agents and all Holders and (in the absence of fraud, negligence or wilful misconduct) no 
liability to the Issuer, EDP (if the Issuer is EDP B.V.) or the Holders shall attach to the 
Issue and Paying Agent or the Calculation Agent, as applicable in connection with the 
exercise or non-exercise by it of its powers, duties and discretions pursuant to such 
provisions. 
5.3 
Accrual of interest 
Each Instrument (or, in the case of the redemption of part only of an Instrument, that part only of 
such Instrument) will cease to bear interest (if any) from the date for its redemption unless, upon 
due presentation thereof, if applicable, or, in the case of a Book Entry Instrument presentation of 
the relevant Certificate in respect thereof, payment of principal is improperly withheld or refused. 
In such event, interest will continue to accrue as provided in the Trust Deed. 
5.4 
Benchmark Discontinuation (Independent Adviser) 
(a) 
Other than in the case of a Floating Rate Instrument for which the Reference Rate is 
specified in the Final Terms as being "SOFR" or "SOFR Compounded Index", 
notwithstanding the operation of Condition 5.2 (Interest on Floating Rate Instruments), if 
EDP (in consultation with the person specified in the relevant Final Terms as the party 
responsible for calculating the Rate of Interest)) determines that a Benchmark Event has 
occurred, when any Rate of Interest (or the relevant component part thereof) remains to 
be determined by reference to a Reference Rate, then the following provisions shall apply. 
(b) 
EDP shall use its reasonable endeavours to appoint an Independent Adviser, no later than 
5 Business Days prior to the Interest Determination Date relating to the next succeeding 
Interest Period, to determine a Successor Rate, failing which an Alternative Rate (in 
accordance with Condition 5.4(c)) and, in either case, an Adjustment Spread, if any (in 
accordance with Condition 5.4(d)) and any Benchmark Amendments (in accordance with 
Condition 5.4(e)). 
For the avoidance of doubt, the Independent Adviser if acting in good faith and, in the 
absence of bad faith or fraud, shall have no liability whatsoever to the Issuer (nor, if EDP 
B.V. is the Issuer, EDP), the Trustee, the Paying Agents or the Holders for any 
determination made by it pursuant to this Condition 5.4.

--- Page 97 ---
- 89 - 
 
 
If (i) EDP is unable, having used its reasonable endeavours, to appoint an Independent 
Adviser or (ii) the Independent Adviser appointed by it fails to determine a Successor Rate 
or, failing which, an Alternative Rate and, in each case, an Adjustment Spread, in 
accordance with this Condition 5.4 prior to the date which is 3 Business Days prior to the 
relevant Interest Determination Date, the Reference Rate applicable to the immediate 
following Interest Period shall be the Reference Rate applicable as at the last preceding 
Interest Determination Date. If there has not been a first Interest Payment Date, the 
Reference Rate shall be the Reference Rate applicable to the first Floating Rate Interest 
Period. For the avoidance of doubt, any adjustment pursuant to this final paragraph of 
Condition 5.4 shall apply to the immediately following Interest Period only. Any 
subsequent Interest Period may be subject to the subsequent operation of this Condition 
5.4. 
(c) 
If the Independent Adviser determines in its discretion that: 
(A) 
there is a Successor Rate, then such Successor Rate shall (subject to adjustment 
as provided in Condition 5.4(d)) subsequently be used in place of the Reference 
Rate to determine the Rate of Interest for the immediately following Interest 
Period and all following Interest Periods, subject to the subsequent operation of 
this Condition 5.4; or 
(B) 
there is no Successor Rate but that there is an Alternative Rate, then such 
Alternative Rate shall (subject to adjustment as provided in Condition 5.4(d)) 
subsequently be used in place of the Reference Rate to determine the Rate of 
Interest for the immediately following Interest Period and all following Interest 
Periods, subject to the subsequent operation of this Condition 5.4. 
(d) 
If a Successor Rate or Alternative Rate is determined in accordance with Condition 5.4(c), 
the Independent Adviser shall determine an Adjustment Spread (which may be expressed 
as a specified quantum or a formula or methodology for determining the applicable 
Adjustment Spread), which Adjustment Spread shall be applied to the Successor Rate or 
the Alternative Rate (as the case may be), subject to the subsequent further operation and 
adjustment as provided in this Condition 5.4. For the avoidance of doubt, an Adjustment 
Spread may be positive, negative or zero. 
(e) 
If any relevant Successor Rate, Alternative Rate or Adjustment Spread is determined in 
accordance with this Condition 5.4 and the Independent Adviser determines in its 
discretion: 
(A) 
that amendments to these Conditions, the Trust Deed, the Interbolsa Instrument 
and/or the Agency Agreement are necessary to ensure the proper operation of 
such Successor Rate, Alternative Rate and/or Adjustment Spread (such 
amendments, the "Benchmark Amendments"); and 
(B) 
the terms of the Benchmark Amendments, 
then EDP and EDP B.V. shall, subject to giving notice thereof in accordance with 
Condition 5.4(f), without any requirement for the consent or approval of relevant Holders, 
vary these Conditions, the Trust Deed, the Interbolsa Instrument or the Agency Agreement 
to give effect to such Benchmark Amendments with effect from the date specified in such 
notice. 
The Trustee, the Calculation Agent and the Issue and Paying Agent shall, at the request 
and expense of EDP and without the requirement for any consent or approval of the 
Holders, concur with EDP and EDP B.V. in effecting any Benchmark Amendments as 
may be required in order to give effect to this Condition 5.4(e), subject to receipt by the 
Trustee of the certificate referred to in Condition 5.4(g) below, provided however, that 
neither the Trustee, the Calculation Agent nor the Issue and Paying Agent shall be obliged 
so to concur if in the reasonable opinion of the Trustee, the Calculation Agent or the Issue 
and Paying Agent (as applicable) doing so would have the effect of imposing more 
onerous obligations upon it or expose it to any additional duties, responsibilities or

--- Page 98 ---
- 90 - 
 
 
liabilities or reduce or amend the protective provisions in these Conditions, the Agency 
Agreement or the Trust Deed. 
(f) 
Any Successor Rate, Alternative Rate, Adjustment Spread and the specific terms of any 
Benchmark Amendments, determined under this Condition 5.4 will be notified promptly 
by the Issuer to the Trustee, the Paying Agents, the Calculation Agent and, in accordance 
with Condition 15 (Notices), the Holders. Such notice shall be irrevocable and shall 
specify the effective date of the Benchmark Amendments, if any. 
(g) 
No later than notifying the Trustee of the same, the Issuer shall deliver to the Trustee a 
certificate signed by two of its Directors: 
(A) 
confirming (x) that a Benchmark Event has occurred, (y) the relevant Successor 
Rate, or, as the case may be, the relevant Alternative Rate and, (z) where 
applicable, any relevant Adjustment Spread and/or the specific terms of any 
relevant Benchmark Amendments, in each case as determined in accordance with 
the provisions of this Condition 5.4; and 
(B) 
certifying that the relevant Benchmark Amendments are necessary to ensure the 
proper operation of such relevant Successor Rate, Alternative Rate and/or 
Adjustment Spread. 
The Trustee shall be entitled to rely on such certificate (without further enquiry and 
without liability to any person) as sufficient evidence thereof. 
(h) 
The Successor Rate or Alternative Rate and the Adjustment Spread (if any) and the 
Benchmark Amendments (if any) specified in such certificate will (in the absence of 
manifest error in the determination of such Successor Rate or Alternative Rate and such 
Adjustment Spread (if any) and such Benchmark Amendments (if any)) be binding on the 
Issuer (and, if EDP B.V. is the Issuer, EDP), the Trustee, the Paying Agents, the 
Calculation Agent and the Holders. 
(i) 
Without prejudice to the obligations of EDP and EDP B.V., as appropriate, under 
Condition 5.4(b), (c), (d) and (e), the Reference Rate and the fallback provisions provided 
for in Condition 5.2 will continue to apply unless and until the Calculation Agent or the 
person specified in the Final Terms as the party responsible for calculating the Rate of 
Interest has been notified of the Successor Rate or the Alternative Rate (as the case may 
be), the applicable Adjustment Spread and Benchmark Amendments (if applicable), in 
accordance with Condition 5.4(f) 
(j) 
If, in the case of any Benchmark Event, any Successor Rate, Alternative Rate and/or 
Adjustment Spread is notified to the Issue and Paying Agent or, as applicable, the 
Calculation Agent pursuant to Condition 5.4(f), and the Issue and Paying Agent or, as 
applicable, the Calculation Agent is in any way uncertain as to the application of such 
Successor Rate, Alternative Rate and/or Adjustment Spread in the calculation or 
determination of any Rate of Interest (or any component part thereof), it shall promptly 
notify the Issuer thereof and the Issuer shall direct the Issue and Paying Agent or, as 
applicable, the Calculation Agent in writing (which direction may be by way of a written 
determination of an Independent Advisor) as to which course of action to adopt in the 
application of such Successor Rate, Alternative Rate and/or Adjustment Spread in the 
determination of such Rate of Interest. If the Issue and Paying Agent or, as applicable, the 
Calculation Agent is not promptly provided with such direction, or is otherwise unable to 
make such calculation or determination for any reason, it shall notify the Issuer thereof 
and the Issue and Paying Agent or, as applicable, the Calculation Agent shall be under no 
obligation to make such calculation or determination and shall not incur any liability for 
not doing so. For the avoidance of doubt, for the period that the Issue and Paying Agent 
or, as applicable, the Calculation Agent remains uncertain of the application of the 
Successor Rate, Alternative Rate and/or Adjustment Spread in the calculation or 
determination of any Rate of Interest (or any component part thereof), the Reference Rate 
and the fallback provisions provided for in Conditions 5.2 will continue to apply.

--- Page 99 ---
- 91 - 
 
 
As used in this Condition 5.4: 
"Adjustment Spread" means either a spread (which may be positive, negative or zero), or the 
formula or methodology for calculating a spread, in either case, which the Independent Adviser 
determines is required to be applied to the relevant Successor Rate or the relevant Alternative Rate 
(as the case may be) to reduce or eliminate, to the extent reasonably practicable in the 
circumstances, any economic prejudice or benefit (as the case may be) to Holders as a result of the 
replacement of the Reference Rate with the Successor Rate or the Alternative Rate (as the case 
may be) and is the spread, formula or methodology which: 
(A) 
in the case of a Successor Rate, is formally recommended in relation to the replacement 
of the Reference Rate with the Successor Rate by any Relevant Nominating Body; or 
(B) 
(if no such recommendation has been made, or in the case of an Alternative Rate), the 
Independent Adviser determines is customarily applied to the relevant Successor Rate or 
Alternative Rate (as the case may be) in international debt capital markets transactions to 
produce an industry-accepted replacement rate for the Reference Rate; or 
(C) 
(if no such recommendation has been made, or in the case of an Alternative Rate) the 
Independent Adviser determines is recognised or acknowledged as being the industry 
standard for over-the-counter derivative transactions which reference the Reference Rate, 
where such rate has been replaced by the Successor Rate or the Alternative Rate (as the 
case may be); or 
(D) 
(if the Independent Adviser determines that no such industry standard is recognised or 
acknowledged) the Independent Adviser determines to be appropriate. 
"Alternative Rate" means an alternative benchmark or screen rate which the Independent Adviser 
determines in accordance with Condition 5.4(c) is customary in market usage in the international 
debt capital markets for the purposes of determining floating rates of interest (or the relevant 
component part thereof) in the Specified Currency. 
"Benchmark Event" means: 
(A) 
the relevant Reference Rate has ceased to be published on the Relevant Screen Page as a 
result of such benchmark ceasing to be calculated or administered; or 
(B) 
a public statement by the administrator of the relevant Reference Rate that it has ceased, 
or will, by a specified date within the following six months, cease, publishing such 
Reference Rate permanently or indefinitely (in circumstances where no successor 
administrator has been appointed that will continue publication of such Reference Rate); 
or 
(C) 
a public statement by the supervisor of the administrator of the relevant Reference Rate 
that such Reference Rate has been or will, by a specified date within the following six 
months, be permanently or indefinitely discontinued; or 
(D) 
a public statement by the supervisor of the administrator of the relevant Reference Rate 
that means that such Reference Rate will, by a specified date within the following six 
months, be prohibited from being used or that its use will be subject to restrictions or 
adverse consequences, either generally or in respect of the Instruments; or 
(E) 
a public statement by the supervisor of the administrator of the relevant Reference Rate 
that, in the view of such supervisor, such Reference Rate is no longer representative of an 
underlying market; or 
(F) 
it has or will, by a specified date within the following six months, become unlawful for 
the Calculation Agent to calculate any payments due to be made to any Holder using the 
relevant Reference Rate (as applicable) (including, without limitation, under the 
Benchmarks Regulation (EU) 2016/1011, if applicable).

--- Page 100 ---
- 92 - 
 
 
"Independent Adviser" means an independent financial institution of international repute or other 
independent financial adviser experienced in the international capital markets, in each case 
appointed by EDP at its own expense under Condition 5.4(b). 
"Relevant Nominating Body" means, in respect of a benchmark or screen rate (as applicable): 
(A) 
the central bank for the currency to which the benchmark or screen rate (as applicable) 
relates, or any central bank or other supervisory authority which is responsible for 
supervising the administrator of the benchmark or screen rate (as applicable); or 
(B) 
any working group or committee sponsored by, chaired or co-chaired by or constituted at 
the request of (a) the central bank for the currency to which the benchmark or screen rate 
(as applicable) relates, (b) any central bank or other supervisory authority which is 
responsible for supervising the administrator of the benchmark or screen rate (as 
applicable), (c) a group of the aforementioned central banks or other supervisory 
authorities or (d) the Financial Stability Board or any part thereof. 
"Successor Rate" means a successor to or replacement of the Reference Rate which is formally 
recommended by any Relevant Nominating Body. 
6. 
Payments 
6.1 
Method of payment: Subject and except as provided below: 
(i) 
payments in a Specified Currency other than euro will be made by credit or transfer to an 
account in the relevant Specified Currency maintained by the payee with a bank in the 
principal financial centre of the country of such Specified Currency; and 
(ii) 
payments in euro will be made by credit or transfer to a euro account (or any other account 
to which euro may be credited or transferred) specified by the payee. 
Subject always to Condition 8 (Taxation), payments will be subject in all cases to (i) any fiscal or 
other laws and regulations applicable thereto in the place of payment and (ii) any withholding or 
deduction required pursuant to an agreement described in Section 1471(b) of the U.S. Internal 
Revenue Code of 1986 (the "Code") or otherwise imposed pursuant to Sections 1471 through 1474 
of the Code, any regulations or agreements thereunder, any official interpretations thereof, or any 
law implementing an intergovernmental approach thereto. 
6.2 
Presentation of Bearer Instruments, Receipts and Coupons: Payments of principal in respect of 
Bearer Instruments will (subject as provided below) be made in the manner provided in Condition 
6.1 (Method of payment) above only, where applicable, against presentation and surrender (or, in 
the case of part payment of any sum due, endorsement) of Bearer Instruments, and payments of 
interest in respect of Bearer Instruments will (subject as provided below) be made as aforesaid 
only, where applicable, against presentation and surrender (or, in the case of part payment of any 
sum due, endorsement) of Coupons, in each case at the specified office of any Paying Agent outside 
the United States (which expression, as used herein, means the United States of America (including 
the States and the District of Columbia and its possessions)). 
Payments of instalments of principal (if any) in respect of Bearer Instruments, other than the final 
instalment, will (subject as provided below) be made in the manner provided in Condition 6.1 
(Method of payment) above against presentation and surrender (or, in the case of part payment of 
any sum due, endorsement) of the relevant Receipt in accordance with the preceding paragraph. 
Payment of the final instalment will be made in the manner provided in Condition 6.1 (Method of 
payment) above only against presentation and surrender (or, in the case of part payment of any sum 
due, endorsement) of the relevant Instrument in accordance with the preceding paragraph. Each 
Receipt must be presented for payment of the relevant instalment together with the definitive 
Instrument to which it appertains. Receipts presented without the definitive Instrument to which 
they appertain do not constitute valid obligations of the Issuer. Upon the date on which any 
definitive Instrument becomes due and repayable, unmatured Receipts (if any) relating thereto 
(whether or not attached) shall become void and no payment shall be made in respect thereof.

--- Page 101 ---
- 93 - 
 
 
Fixed Rate Instruments in bearer form (other than Long Maturity Instruments (as defined below)) 
should be presented for payment together with all unmatured Coupons appertaining thereto (which 
expression shall for this purpose include Coupons falling to be issued on exchange of matured 
Talons), failing which the amount of any missing unmatured Coupon (or, in the case of payment 
not being made in full, the same proportion of the amount of such missing unmatured Coupon as 
the sum so paid bears to the sum due) will be deducted from the sum due for payment. Each amount 
of principal so deducted will be paid in the manner mentioned above against surrender of the 
relative missing Coupon at any time before the expiry of 10 years after the Relevant Date (as 
defined in Condition 8 (Taxation)) in respect of such principal (whether or not such Coupon would 
otherwise have become void under Condition 9 (Prescription)) or, if later, five years from the date 
on which such Coupon would otherwise have become due, but in no event thereafter. 
Upon any Fixed Rate Instrument in bearer form becoming due and repayable prior to its Maturity 
Date, all unmatured Talons (if any) appertaining thereto will become void and no further Coupons 
will be issued in respect thereof. 
Upon the date on which any Floating Rate Instrument or Long Maturity Instrument in definitive 
form becomes due and repayable, unmatured Coupons and Talons (if any) relating thereto (whether 
or not attached) shall become void and no payment or, as the case may be, exchange for further 
Coupons shall be made in respect thereof. A "Long Maturity Instrument" is a Fixed Rate 
Instrument (other than a Fixed Rate Instrument which on issue had a Talon attached) whose 
nominal amount on issue is less than the aggregate interest payable thereon provided that such 
Instrument shall cease to be a Long Maturity Instrument on the Interest Payment Date on which 
the aggregate amount of interest remaining to be paid after that date is less than the nominal amount 
of such Instrument. 
Other than in respect of Book Entry Instruments, if the due date for redemption of any Instrument 
is not an Interest Payment Date, interest (if any) accrued in respect of such Instrument from and 
including the preceding Interest Payment Date or, as the case may be, the Interest Commencement 
Date shall be payable only against surrender of the relevant Bearer Instrument. 
Payments in respect of the Book Entry Instruments will be made by transfer to the registered 
account of the holders maintained by or on behalf of them with a bank that processes payments in 
the relevant currency, details of which appear in the records of the relevant Affiliate Members of 
Interbolsa at the close of business on the Payment Day (as defined in Condition 6.5 (Payment Day) 
below) before the due date for payment of principal and/or interest. 
6.3 
U.S. Paying Agent: Notwithstanding the foregoing provisions of Condition 6.2 (Presentation of 
Bearer Instruments, Receipts and Coupons), if any amount of principal and/or interest in respect 
of Instruments is payable in U.S. dollars, such U.S. dollar payments of principal and/or interest in 
respect of such Instruments will be made at the specified office of a Paying Agent in the United 
States if: 
(i) 
the Issuer has appointed Paying Agents with specified offices outside the United States 
with the reasonable expectation that such Paying Agents would be able to make payment 
in U.S. dollars at such specified offices outside the United States of the full amount of 
principal and interest on the Instruments in the manner provided above when due; 
(ii) 
payment of the full amount of such principal and interest at all such specified offices 
outside the United States is illegal or effectively precluded by exchange controls or other 
similar restrictions on the full payment or receipt of principal and interest in U.S. dollars; 
and 
(iii) 
such payment is then permitted under United States law without involving, in the opinion 
of the Issuer, adverse tax consequences to the Issuer or, if the Issuer is EDP B.V., EDP. 
6.4 
Registered Instruments: Payments of amounts (including accrued interest) due on the final 
redemption of Registered Instruments will be made against presentation and, save in the case of a 
partial redemption, surrender of the relevant Registered Instruments at the specified office of the 
Registrar.

--- Page 102 ---
- 94 - 
 
 
Payments of amounts (whether principal, interest or otherwise) due in respect of Registered 
Instruments will be paid to the Holders thereof (or, in the case of joint Holders, the first-named) as 
appearing in the register kept by the Registrar (1) where in global form, at the close of the business 
day (being for this purpose a day on which Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg are open for 
business) before the relevant due date, and (2) where in definitive form, as at close of business 
(Luxembourg time) on the fifteenth Luxembourg business day (the "Record Date") before the due 
date for such payment provided that the amounts due in respect of Registered Instruments under 
Condition 10 (Events of Default) will be paid to the Holders thereof (or, in the case of joint Holders, 
the first-named) as appearing in such register as at opening of business (Luxembourg time) on the 
date on which such payment is made. 
6.5 
Payment Day: If the date for payment of any amount in respect of any Instrument, Receipt or 
Coupon is not a Payment Day, the holder thereof shall not be entitled to payment until the next 
following Payment Day in the relevant place and shall not be entitled to further interest or other 
payment in respect of such delay. For these purposes, "Payment Day" means any day which 
(subject to Condition 9 (Prescription)) is: 
(i) 
a day on which commercial banks and foreign exchange markets settle payments and are 
open for general business (including dealing in foreign exchange and foreign currency 
deposits) in each Additional Financial Centre specified in the Final Terms and, in the case 
of Instruments in definitive form only, in the relevant place of presentation, or, in the case 
of Book Entry Instruments, in Portugal; and 
(ii) 
either (1) in relation to any sum payable in a Specified Currency other than euro, a day on 
which commercial banks and foreign exchange markets settle payments and are open for 
general business (including dealing in foreign exchange and foreign currency deposits) in 
the principal financial centre of the country of the relevant Specified Currency (if other 
than the place of presentation, and any Additional Financial Centre) or (2) in relation to 
any sum payable in euro, a day on which the TARGET 2 System is open. 
6.6 
Interpretation of principal and interest: Any reference in these Terms and Conditions to principal 
in respect of the Instruments shall be deemed to include, as applicable: 
(i) 
any additional amounts which may be payable with respect to principal under Condition 
8 (Taxation) or under any undertakings or covenants given in addition thereto or in 
substitution therefor pursuant to the Trust Deed; 
(ii) 
the Final Redemption Amount of the Instruments; 
(iii) 
the Early Redemption Amount of the Instruments; 
(iv) 
the Optional Redemption Amount(s) (if any) of the Instruments; 
(v) 
in relation to Instruments redeemable in instalments, the Instalment Amounts; 
(vi) 
in relation to Zero Coupon Instruments, the Amortised Face Amount (as defined in 
Condition 7.6); and 
(vii) 
any premium and any other amounts which may be payable by the Issuer under or in 
respect of the Instruments. 
Any reference in these Terms and Conditions to interest in respect of the Instruments shall be 
deemed to include, as applicable, any additional amounts which may be payable with respect to 
interest under Condition 8 (Taxation) or under any undertakings or covenants given in addition 
thereto or in substitution thereof pursuant to the Trust Deed. 
7. 
Redemption and Purchase 
7.1 
Redemption at maturity: Unless previously redeemed or purchased and cancelled as specified 
below, each Instrument will be redeemed by the Issuer at its outstanding nominal amount in the 
relevant Specified Currency on the Maturity Date.

--- Page 103 ---
- 95 - 
 
 
7.2 
Redemption for tax reasons: Subject to Condition 7.8 (Early Redemption Amounts), the 
Instruments may be redeemed at the option of the Issuer in whole, but not in part, at any time (if 
this Instrument is not a Floating Rate Instrument) or on any Interest Payment Date (if this 
Instrument is a Floating Rate Instrument), on giving not less than 30 nor more than 60 days' notice 
to the Trustee, the Issue and Paying Agent and, in accordance with Condition 15 (Notices), the 
Holders (which notice shall be irrevocable), if the Issuer satisfies the Trustee immediately prior to 
the giving of such notice that: 
(i) 
on the occasion of the next payment due under the Instruments, the Issuer has or will 
become obliged to pay additional amounts as provided or referred to in Condition 8 
(Taxation) as a result of any change in, or amendment to, the laws or regulations of the 
relevant Tax Jurisdiction (as defined in Condition 8 (Taxation)) or any political 
subdivision of, or any authority in, or of, the relevant Tax Jurisdiction having power to 
tax, or any change in the application or official interpretation of such laws or regulations, 
which change or amendment becomes effective on or after the date on which agreement 
is reached to issue the first Tranche of the Instruments; and 
(ii) 
such obligation cannot be avoided by the Issuer taking reasonable measures available to 
it, 
provided that no such notice of redemption shall be given earlier than 90 days prior to the earliest 
date on which the Issuer would be obliged to pay such additional amounts were a payment in 
respect of the Instruments then due. 
Prior to the publication of any notice of redemption pursuant to this Condition, the Issuer shall 
deliver to the Trustee (1) a certificate signed by two Directors of EDP stating that the Issuer is 
entitled to effect such redemption and setting forth a statement of facts showing that the conditions 
precedent to the right of the Issuer so to redeem have occurred and (2) an opinion of independent 
legal advisers of recognised standing to the effect that the Issuer has or will become obliged to pay 
such additional amounts as a result of such change or amendment and the Trustee shall be entitled 
to accept such certificate and opinion as sufficient evidence of the satisfaction of the conditions 
precedent set out above in which event they shall be conclusive and binding on the Holders. 
Instruments redeemed pursuant to this Condition 7.2 will be redeemed at their Early Redemption 
Amount referred to in Condition 7.8 (Early Redemption Amounts) below together (if appropriate) 
with interest accrued to but excluding the date of redemption. 
7.3 
Redemption at the option of the Issuer (Issuer Call): If Issuer Call is specified as being applicable 
in the Final Terms, the Issuer may, having given: 
(i) 
not less than 15 days nor more than 30 days' notice to the Holders in accordance with 
Condition 15 (Notices); and 
(ii) 
not less than 15 days before the giving of the notice referred to in (i), notice to the Issue 
and Paying Agent and the Trustee; 
(which notices shall be irrevocable and shall specify the date fixed for redemption), redeem all or, 
if so provided, some only of the Instruments at any time or from time to time on the relevant 
Optional Redemption Date at, unless otherwise specified in the relevant Final Terms, the Optional 
Redemption Amount together, if appropriate, with any interest accrued on the Instruments to, but 
excluding, the Optional Redemption Date. Any such redemption must be of a nominal amount not 
less than the Minimum Redemption Amount and not more than the Maximum Redemption 
Amount, in each case as may be specified in the Final Terms. 
The Optional Redemption Amount will either be the specified percentage of the nominal amount 
of the Instruments stated in the Final Terms or, if Make-Whole Redemption Amount is specified 
in the Final Terms, will be calculated by the Determination Agent and will be the greater of (x) 
100 per cent. of the principal amount of the Instruments so redeemed and (y) the sum of the then 
present values of each remaining scheduled payments of principal and interest on such Instruments 
to maturity or, if Residual Call Period is specified as applicable in the Final Terms, to the Residual 
Call Commencement Date (not including any interest accrued on the Instruments to, but excluding,

--- Page 104 ---
- 96 - 
 
 
the relevant Optional Redemption Date) discounted to the relevant Optional Redemption Date on 
an annual basis at the Make-Whole Redemption Rate plus the Make-Whole Redemption Margin, 
if any, specified in the Final Terms. 
All Instruments in respect of which any such notice of redemption is given shall be redeemed on 
the date specified in such notice in accordance with this Condition. 
For the purposes of this Condition 7.3: 
"Determination Agent" means an independent adviser, investment bank or financial institution of 
recognised standing selected by the Issuer; 
"Make-Whole Redemption Rate" means, with respect to any date of redemption, the rate per 
annum equal to the annual or semi-annual yield (as the case may be) to maturity or interpolated 
yield to maturity (on the relevant day count basis) of the Reference Bond, assuming a price for the 
Reference Bond (expressed as a percentage of its nominal amount) equal to the Reference Bond 
Price for such date of redemption; 
"Reference Bond" shall be as set out in the Final Terms or, if no such bond is set out in the Final 
Terms or if such bond is no longer outstanding, shall be the Selected Reference Bond; 
"Reference Bond Price" means, with respect to any date of redemption, (A) the arithmetic average 
of the Reference Government Bond Dealer Quotations for such date of redemption, after excluding 
the highest and lowest such Reference Government Bond Dealer Quotations, or (B) if the 
Determination Agent obtains fewer than four such Reference Government Bond Dealer 
Quotations, the arithmetic average of all such quotations; 
"Reference Date" will be set out in the relevant notice of redemption; 
"Reference Government Bond Dealer" means each of five banks selected by the Issuer (or the 
Determination Agent, acting at its request), or their affiliates, which are (A) primary government 
securities dealers, and their respective successors, or (B) market makers in pricing corporate bond 
issues; 
"Reference Government Bond Dealer Quotations" mean, with respect to each Reference 
Government Bond Dealer and any date for redemption, the arithmetic average, as determined by 
the Determination Agent, of the bid and offered prices for the Reference Bond (expressed in each 
case as a percentage of its nominal amount) at the Quotation Time specified in the Final Terms on 
the Reference Date quoted in writing to the Determination Agent by such Reference Government 
Bond Dealer; 
"Residual Call Commencement Date" shall be the date set out in the Final Terms; 
"Residual Call Period" has the meaning set out in the Final Terms; and 
"Selected Reference Bond" means a government security or securities selected by the 
Determination Agent as having an actual or interpolated maturity comparable to either the 
remaining term of the Instruments or, if Residual Call Period is specified as applicable in the Final 
Terms, the Residual Call Commencement Date of the Instruments, that would be utilised, at the 
time of selection and in accordance with customary financial practice, in pricing new issues of 
corporate debt securities denominated in the same currency as the Instruments and of a comparable 
maturity to either the remaining term of the Instruments or, if Residual Call Period is specified in 
the Final Terms, the Residual Call Commencement Date of the Instruments. 
7.4 
Redemption at the option of the Issuer (Clean-up Call): If Clean-up Call is specified as being 
applicable in the Final Terms, in the event that Instruments representing an aggregate amount equal 
to or exceeding the Minimum Percentage (as specified in the Final Terms, being a percentage of 
the initial aggregate principal amount of that particular Series of Instruments (including any 
Instruments which have been consolidated and form a single Series therewith)) have been 
purchased by EDP or any subsidiary of EDP and cancelled or redeemed by the Issuer, the Issuer 
may, having given:

--- Page 105 ---
- 97 - 
 
 
(i) 
not less than 15 days nor more than 30 days' notice to the Holders in accordance with 
Condition 15 (Notices); and 
(ii) 
not less than 15 days before the giving of the notice referred to in (i), notice to the Issue 
and Paying Agent and the Trustee; 
(which notices shall be irrevocable and shall specify the date fixed for redemption), redeem the 
Instruments then outstanding in whole (but not in part) on any Optional Redemption Date and at 
the Optional Redemption Amount(s) specified in the Final Terms together, if appropriate, with 
interest accrued to but excluding the relevant Optional Redemption Date. 
All Instruments in respect of which any such notice of redemption is given shall be redeemed on 
the date specified in such notice in accordance with this Condition. 
7.5 
Partial Redemption: In the case of a partial redemption of Instruments (other than Book Entry 
Instruments), the Instruments to be redeemed ("Redeemed Instruments") will be selected 
individually by lot not more than 30 days prior to the date fixed for redemption (such date of 
selection being hereinafter called the "Selection Date") in accordance with the rules of Euroclear 
and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg (to be reflected in the records of Euroclear and/or Clearstream, 
Luxembourg as either a pool factor or a reduction in nominal amount, at their discretion). A list of 
the serial numbers of such Redeemed Instruments will be published in accordance with Condition 
15 (Notices) not less than 15 days prior to the date fixed for redemption. Partial redemption of 
Book Entry Instruments shall be made in accordance with the applicable Interbolsa rules. 
7.6 
Redemption at the option of the Holders (Investor Put): If Investor Put is specified as being 
applicable in the Final Terms, upon the holder of any Instrument giving to the Issuer in accordance 
with Condition 15 (Notices) not less than 15 nor more than 30 days' notice (which notice shall be 
irrevocable) the Issuer will, upon the expiry of such notice, redeem, in whole (but not in part), such 
Instrument on the Optional Redemption Date and at the Optional Redemption Amount together, if 
appropriate, with interest accrued to but excluding the relevant Optional Redemption Date. 
To exercise the right to require redemption of this Instrument the holder of this Instrument must 
deliver (1) (in the case of Instruments in definitive form) to the specified office of any Paying 
Agent at any time during normal business hours of such Paying Agent falling within the notice 
period a duly completed and signed notice of exercise in the form (for the time being current) 
obtainable from any specified office of any Paying Agent or (2) (in all other cases) a notice to the 
Paying Agent or Transfer Agent or Registrar (as the case may be) in accordance with the standard 
procedures of Clearstream, Luxembourg, Euroclear Bank and/or Interbolsa or any common 
depositary or custodian for them stating the principal amount of the Instruments in respect of which 
such option is exercised (a "Put Notice") in which the holder must specify a bank account to which 
payment is to be made under this Condition together in the case of Bearer Instruments with the 
Instruments. No deposit of Instruments will be required in respect of Book Entry Instruments. 
7.7 
Redemption at option of Holders on Change of Control (Investor Put on Change of Control): If 
Investor Put on Change of Control is specified as being applicable in the Final Terms and at any 
time while any Instruments remain outstanding there occurs a Change of Control and within the 
Change of Control Period a Rating Downgrade as a result of that Change of Control occurs 
(together, a "Put Event"), each Holder will have the option (unless, prior to the giving of the Put 
Event Notice referred to below, the Issuer gives notice to redeem the Instruments in accordance 
with Condition 7.2 (Redemption for tax reasons)), Condition 7.3 (Redemption at the option of the 
Issuer (Issuer Call)) or Condition 7.4 (Redemption at the option of the Issuer (Clean-up Call)), to 
require the Issuer to redeem each of the Instruments held by such Holder on the Mandatory 
Redemption Date at its principal amount together with interest accrued to but excluding the 
Mandatory Redemption Date, such option being referred to as an "Investor Put on Change of 
Control". 
Upon EDP becoming aware that a Put Event has occurred, EDP shall promptly notify the Issuer of 
such fact (where the Issuer is EDP B.V.) and the Issuer shall give notice (a "Put Event Notice") 
to the Holders in accordance with Condition 15 (Notices) specifying the nature of the Put Event 
and the circumstances giving rise to it and the procedure for exercising the option set out in this 
Condition 7.7.

--- Page 106 ---
- 98 - 
 
 
To exercise the option to require redemption of an Instrument under this Condition 7.7 the holder 
of this Instrument must, if this Instrument is in definitive form and held outside Euroclear Bank 
and Clearstream, Luxembourg, deliver such Instrument, on any business day in the city of the 
specified office of the relevant Paying Agent falling within the Put Period, at the specified office 
of any Paying Agent, accompanied by a duly signed and completed notice of exercise in the form 
(for the time being current) obtainable from the specified office of any Paying Agent (a "Put 
Option Notice") and in which the holder must specify a bank account to which payment is to be 
made under this Condition 7.7. The Instrument should be delivered together with all Coupons 
appertaining thereto maturing after the Mandatory Redemption Date failing which an amount will 
be deducted from the payment to be made by the Issuer on redemption of the Instruments 
corresponding to the aggregate amount payable in respect of such missing Coupons. 
If the Instruments are represented by a Global Instrument or are in definitive form and held through 
Euroclear Bank or Clearstream, Luxembourg, to exercise the right to require redemption of an 
Instrument under this Condition 7.7 the holder of the Instrument must, within the Put Period, give 
notice to the Paying Agent of such exercise in accordance with the standard procedures of 
Euroclear Bank and Clearstream, Luxembourg (which may include notice being given on his 
instruction by Euroclear Bank or Clearstream, Luxembourg or any common depositary for them 
to the Paying Agent by electronic means) in a form acceptable to Euroclear Bank and Clearstream, 
Luxembourg from time to time and, if this Instrument is represented by a Global Instrument, at the 
same time present or procure the presentation of the relevant Global Instrument to the Paying Agent 
for notation accordingly. 
The Paying Agent to which such Instrument and Put Option Notice are delivered will issue to the 
holder concerned a non-transferable receipt (a "Put Option Receipt") in respect of the Instrument 
so delivered. The Issuer shall redeem the Instruments in respect of which Put Option Receipts have 
been issued on the Mandatory Redemption Date, unless previously redeemed and purchased. 
Payment in respect of any Put Option Receipt will be made on the Mandatory Redemption Date 
by transfer to the bank account (if any) specified in the Put Option Notice and in every other case 
on or after the Mandatory Redemption Date, in each case against presentation and surrender or (as 
the case may be) endorsement of such Put Option Receipt at the specified office of any Paying 
Agent in accordance with the provisions of this Condition 7.7. 
For the purposes of this Condition: 
A "Change of Control" shall be deemed to have occurred at each time (whether or not approved 
by the Executive Board of Directors or General and Supervisory Board of EDP) that any person 
(or persons) ("Relevant Person(s)") acting in concert or any person or persons acting on behalf of 
any such Relevant Person(s), at any time directly or indirectly: 
(i) 
acquires or becomes entitled to exercise control over EDP; or 
(ii) 
acquires or owns, directly or indirectly more than 50 per cent. of the issued voting share 
capital of EDP, 
provided that the foregoing shall not include the control, or ownership of issued voting share 
capital, exercisable by and/or owned by the Portuguese Republic, or by the Portuguese Republic 
and/or by any entity or entities (together or individually) controlled by the Portuguese Republic 
from time to time, or in respect of which the Portuguese Republic owns directly or indirectly more 
than 50 per cent. of the issued voting share capital. 
A Change of Control shall not be deemed to have occurred if the shareholders of the Relevant 
Person(s) are also, or immediately prior to the event which would otherwise constitute a Change 
of Control were, all of the shareholders of EDP. 
"Change of Control Period" means the period ending 120 days after the Date of Announcement. 
"Date of Announcement" means the date of the public announcement that a Change of Control 
has occurred. 
"Investment Grade Rating" means a rating of at least BBB- (or equivalent thereof) in the case of 
S&P or a rating of at least BBB- (or equivalent thereof) in the case of Fitch or a rating of at least

--- Page 107 ---
- 99 - 
 
 
Baa3 (or equivalent thereof) in the case of Moody's or the equivalent in the case of any other Rating 
Agency. 
"Investment Grade Securities" means Rated Securities which have an Investment Grade Rating 
from each Rating Agency that assigns a rating to such Rated Securities. 
"Mandatory Redemption Date" is the seventh day after the last day of the Put Period. 
"Put Period" means the period of 45 days from and including the date on which a Put Event Notice 
is given. 
"Rated Securities" means: 
(i) 
the Instruments; or 
(ii) 
such other comparable long-term debt of the Issuer or EDP selected by the Issuer from 
time to time for the purpose of this definition which possesses a rating by any Rating Agency. 
"Rating Agency" means S&P Global Ratings Europe Limited (French Branch) ("S&P"), Fitch 
Ratings Limited ("Fitch") and Moody's Investors Services Limited ("Moody's") or any of their 
respective successors or any other rating agency of equivalent international standing specified from 
time to time by EDP. 
"Rating Downgrade" means either: 
(i) 
within the Change of Control Period: 
(a) 
any rating assigned to the Rated Securities is withdrawn; or 
(b) 
the Rated Securities cease to be Investment Grade Securities; or 
(c) 
(if the rating assigned to the Rated Securities by any Rating Agency which is 
current at the Date of Announcement is below an Investment Grade Rating) that 
rating is lowered one full rating notch by any Rating Agency (for example from 
BB+ to BB by S&P or Fitch and Ba1 to Ba2 by Moody's or such similar lower of 
equivalent rating), 
provided that no Rating Downgrade shall occur by virtue of a particular withdrawal of 
or reduction in rating unless the Rating Agency withdrawing or making the reduction in 
the rating announces or confirms that the withdrawal or reduction was the result, in whole 
or in part, of the relevant Change of Control; or 
(ii) 
if at the time of the Date of Announcement, there are no Rated Securities and either: 
(a) 
EDP does not use all reasonable endeavours to obtain, within 45 days of the Date 
of Announcement, from a Rating Agency a rating for the Rated Securities; or 
(b) 
if EDP does use such endeavours, but, as a result of such Change of Control, at 
the expiry of the Change of Control Period there are still no Investment Grade 
Securities and the Rating Agency announces or confirms in writing that its 
declining to assign an Investment Grade Rating was the result, in whole or in part, 
of the relevant Change of Control. 
7.8 
Early Redemption Amounts: For the purpose of Condition 7.2 (Redemption for tax reasons) above 
and Condition 10 (Event of Default), each Instrument will be redeemed at the early redemption 
amount (the "Early Redemption Amount") calculated as follows: 
(i) 
at the amount specified in the Final Terms or, if no such amount is so specified in the Final 
Terms, at its nominal amount; or 
(ii) 
in the case of a Zero Coupon Instrument, at an amount (the "Amortised Face Amount") 
equal to the sum of the Reference Price and the product of the Accrual Yield (compounded 
annually) being applied to the Reference Price from and including the Issue Date of the

--- Page 108 ---
- 100 - 
 
 
first Tranche of the Instruments to but excluding the date fixed for redemption or (as the 
case may be) the date upon which such Instrument becomes due and repayable. 
Where such calculation is to be made for a period which is not a whole number of years, it shall be 
made on the basis of the Day Count Fraction specified in the Final Terms which will be either (1) 
30/360 (in which case the numerator will be equal to the number of days (calculated on the basis 
of a 360-day year consisting of 12 months of 30 days each) from (and including) the Issue Date of 
the first Tranche of the Instruments to (but excluding) the date fixed for redemption or (as the case 
may be) the date upon which such Instrument becomes due and repayable and the denominator 
will be 360) or (2) Actual/360 (in which case the numerator will be equal to the actual number of 
days from (and including) the Issue Date of the first Tranche of the Instruments to (but excluding) 
the date fixed for redemption or (as the case may be) the date upon which such Instrument becomes 
due and repayable and the denominator will be 360) or (3) Actual/365 (in which case the numerator 
will be equal to the actual number of days from (and including) the Issue Date of the first Tranche 
of the Instruments to (but excluding) the date fixed for redemption or (as the case may be) the date 
upon which such Instrument becomes due and repayable and the denominator will be 365). 
7.9 
Instalments: Instalment Instruments will be redeemed in the Instalment Amounts and on the 
Instalment Dates. In the case of early redemption, unless the Optional Redemption Amount is 
specified in the Final Terms, the Early Redemption Amount will be determined pursuant to 
Condition 7.8 (Early Redemption Amounts). 
7.10 
Purchases: EDP, EDP B.V. or any subsidiary of EDP may at any time purchase Instruments 
(provided that, in the case of Bearer Instruments, all unmatured Receipts, Coupons and Talons 
appertaining thereto are purchased therewith) at any price in the open market or otherwise. Such 
Instruments may be held, reissued, resold or, at the option of EDP, EDP B.V. or the relevant 
subsidiary of EDP, surrendered to any Paying Agent for cancellation. 
7.11 
Cancellation: All Instruments which are redeemed will forthwith be cancelled (together with all 
unmatured Receipts, Coupons and Talons attached thereto or surrendered therewith at the time of 
redemption (or in accordance with Interbolsa regulations in the case of Book Entry Instruments)). 
All Instruments so cancelled and Instruments purchased and cancelled pursuant to Condition 7.10 
(Purchases) above (together with all unmatured Receipts, Coupons and Talons cancelled therewith) 
shall be forwarded to the Issue and Paying Agent (save in the case of Book Entry Instruments) and 
cannot be reissued or resold. 
7.12 
Late payment on Zero Coupon Instruments: If the amount payable in respect of any Zero Coupon 
Instrument upon redemption of such Zero Coupon Instrument pursuant to Condition 7.1 
(Redemption at maturity), 7.2 (Redemption for tax reasons), 7.3 (Redemption at the option of the 
Issuer (Issuer Call)), 7.4 (Redemption at the option of the Issuer (Clean-up Call)), 7.5 (Partial 
Redemption), 7.6 (Redemption at the option of the Holders (Investor Put)) or 7.7 (Redemption at 
option of Holders on Change of Control (Investor Put on Change of Control)) above or upon its 
becoming due and repayable as provided in Condition 10 (Events of Default) is improperly 
withheld or refused, the amount due and repayable in respect of such Zero Coupon Instrument shall 
be the amount calculated as provided in Condition 7.8(ii) as though the references therein to the 
date fixed for the redemption or the date upon which such Zero Coupon Instrument becomes due 
and payable were replaced by references to the date which is the earlier of: 
(i) 
the date on which all amounts due in respect of such Zero Coupon Instrument have been 
paid; and 
(ii) 
five days after the date on which the full amount of the moneys payable in respect of such 
Zero Coupon Instrument has been received by the Issue and Paying Agent or the Trustee 
and notice to that effect has been given to the Holders in accordance with Condition 15 
(Notices). 
8. 
Taxation 
All payments of principal and interest in respect of the Instruments, Receipts and Coupons by or 
on behalf of the Issuer will be made without withholding or deduction for or on account of any 
present or future taxes or duties of whatever nature imposed or levied by or on behalf of the relevant

--- Page 109 ---
- 101 - 
 
 
Tax Jurisdiction unless such withholding or deduction is required by law. In such event, the Issuer 
will pay such additional amounts as shall be necessary in order that the net amounts received by 
the holders of the Instruments, Receipts or Coupons after such withholding or deduction shall equal 
the respective amounts of principal and interest which would otherwise have been receivable in 
respect of the Instruments, Receipts or Coupons, as the case may be, in the absence of such 
withholding or deduction; except that no such additional amounts shall be payable with respect to 
any Instrument, Receipt or Coupon: 
(i) 
presented for payment by or on behalf of a Beneficial Owner who is liable for such taxes 
or duties in respect of such Instrument, Receipt or Coupon by reason of his having some 
connection with the relevant Tax Jurisdiction other than the mere holding of such 
Instrument, Receipt or Coupon; 
(ii) 
presented for payment in the case of a Bearer Instrument, in the relevant Tax Jurisdiction; 
(iii) 
presented for payment in the case of a Bearer Instrument more than 30 days after the 
Relevant Date (as defined below) except to the extent that the holder thereof would have 
been entitled to an additional amount on presenting the same for payment on such thirtieth 
day assuming that day to have been a Payment Day (as defined in Condition 6 
(Payments)); 
(iv) 
where such withholding or deduction is required to be made pursuant to the Dutch 
Withholding Tax Act 2021 (Wet bronbelasting 2021) or any re-enactment thereof; 
(v) 
presented for payment by or on behalf of a Beneficial Owner who would have been able 
to avoid such withholding or deduction by presenting the relevant Instrument, Receipt or 
Coupon to another Paying Agent in a Member State of the European Union; 
(vi) 
presented for payment by or on behalf of a Beneficial Owner of Instruments, Receipts or 
Coupons who would not be liable for or subject to the withholding or deduction by making 
a declaration of non-residence or other similar claim for exemption to the relevant tax 
authority; 
(vii) 
where the Issuer is EDP, presented for payment by or on behalf of a Beneficial Owner of 
Instruments, Receipts or Coupons particularly in respect of whom the information required 
in order to comply with the special tax regime approved by Decree-Law no. 193/2005 of 
7 November ("Decree-Law no. 193/2005"), and any implementing legislation, is not 
received prior to the Relevant Date; 
(viii) 
where the Issuer is EDP, presented for payment by or on behalf of a Beneficial Owner of 
Instruments, Receipts or Coupons resident for tax purposes in the Tax Jurisdiction, or a 
resident in a country, territory or region subject to clearly a more favourable tax regime 
included in the list approved by Order no. 150/2004, of 13 February 2004 (Portaria do 
Ministro das Finanças e da Administração Pública no. 150/2004) as amended from time 
to time, issued by the Portuguese Minister of Finance and Public Administration, with the 
exception of (a) central banks and governmental agencies as well as international 
institutions recognised by the Tax Jurisdiction of those tax haven jurisdictions and (b) tax 
haven jurisdictions which have a double taxation treaty in force or a tax information 
exchange agreement in force with Portugal, provided that all procedures and all 
information required under Decree-Law no. 193/2005 regarding (a) and (b) above are 
complied with; 
(ix) 
where the Issuer is EDP, presented for payment by or on behalf of (1) a Portuguese resident 
legal entity subject to Portuguese corporation tax (with the exception of entities that 
benefit from a Portuguese withholding tax waiver or from Portuguese income tax 
exemptions), or (2) a non-resident legal person with a permanent establishment in Portugal 
to which the income or gains obtained from the Instruments, Receipts or Coupons are 
attributable (with the exception of entities which benefit from a Portuguese withholding 
tax waiver);

--- Page 110 ---
- 102 - 
 
 
(x) 
where the Issuer is EDP, presented for payment by or on behalf of, a Holder (i) in respect 
to whom the information and documentation required by Portuguese law in order to 
comply with any applicable tax treaty is not received by the Issuer or by the Portuguese 
Paying Agent directly from the Holders before the date by which such documentation is 
to be provided to the Issuer under Portuguese law, and (ii) who is resident in one of the 
contracting states; or 
(xi) 
where such deduction or withholding is required pursuant to the rules of U.S. Internal 
Revenue Code Sections 1471 through 1474 (or any amended or successor provisions) and 
any intergovernmental agreement or implementing legislation adopted by another 
jurisdiction or any agreement with the U.S. Internal Revenue Service in connection with 
these provisions. 
As used in these Terms and Conditions: 
(i) 
"Tax Jurisdiction" means in the case of EDP, the Portuguese Republic or any political 
subdivision or any authority thereof or therein having power to tax and, in the case of EDP 
B.V., the Netherlands or any political subdivision or any authority thereof or therein 
having power to tax or in either case any other jurisdiction or any political subdivision or 
any authority thereof or therein having power to tax in which EDP or, as the case may be, 
EDP B.V. becomes tax resident; 
(ii) 
the "Relevant Date" means the date on which such payment first becomes due, except 
that, if the full amount of the moneys payable has not been duly received by the Issue and 
Paying Agent or the Trustee on or prior to such due date, it means the date on which, the 
full amount of such moneys having been so received, notice to that effect is duly given to 
the Holders in accordance with Condition 15 (Notices); and 
(iii) 
"Beneficial Owner" means the holder of the Instruments who is the effective beneficiary 
of the income attributable thereto. 
9. 
Prescription 
The Instruments (whether in bearer or registered form), Receipts and Coupons will become void 
unless claims in respect of principal and/or interest are made within a period of ten years (in the 
case of principal) and five years (in the case of interest) after the Relevant Date (as defined in 
Condition 8 (Taxation)) therefor. 
There shall not be included in any Coupon sheet issued on exchange of a Talon any Coupon the 
claim for payment in respect of which would be void pursuant to this Condition or Condition 6 
(Payments) or any Talon which would be void pursuant to Condition 6 (Payments). 
10. 
Events of Default 
If any one or more of the following events (each an "Event of Default") shall occur and is 
continuing: 
(i) 
the Issuer fails to pay any amount of principal or interest due in respect of the Instruments 
or any of them and the default continues for a period of seven days in the case of principal 
and 14 days in the case of interest; or 
(ii) 
the Issuer fails to perform or observe any of its other obligations under the Trust Deed or 
these Terms and Conditions or, if the Issuer is EDP B.V., EDP fails to perform or observe 
any of its obligations under the Trust Deed or these Terms and Conditions or (in the case 
of Book Entry Instruments) the Interbolsa Instrument and, save for in the case of Book 
Entry Instruments (A) such failure is, in the opinion of the Trustee, incapable of remedy 
or in respect of which, in the opinion of the Trustee, remedial action satisfactory to the 
Trustee cannot be taken or (B) such failure is, in the opinion of the Trustee capable of 
remedy or in respect of which, in the opinion of the Trustee, such remedial action can be 
taken and the failure continues for the period of 30 days (or such longer period as the 
Trustee may permit) after the Trustee has given written notice to the Issuer requiring the 
same to be remedied; or

--- Page 111 ---
- 103 - 
 
 
(iii) 
any other Indebtedness of EDP B.V. (if EDP B.V. is the Issuer) or EDP or any 
Indebtedness of any Material Subsidiary becomes due and payable prior to the stated 
maturity thereof as a result of a default thereunder or any such Indebtedness is not paid at 
the maturity thereof or any guarantee or indemnity in respect of Indebtedness or 
performance given by any such company is not honoured when due and called upon or 
any security interest, present or future, over the assets of any such company becomes 
enforceable provided that no such event in relation to such Indebtedness or any guarantee 
or indemnity in respect of such Indebtedness shall constitute an Event of Default unless 
the relative Indebtedness either alone or when aggregated with other Indebtedness relative 
to all (if any) other such events which shall have occurred shall amount to at least 
€50,000,000 (or its equivalent in any other currency) and provided further that, for the 
purposes of this Condition 10(iii), neither EDP B.V. nor EDP nor any Material Subsidiary 
shall be deemed to be in default with respect to such Indebtedness, guarantee or security 
interest until expiration of the applicable grace or remedy period, if any, or if the Trustee 
is satisfied that it shall be contesting in good faith by appropriate means its liability to 
make payment thereunder; or 
(iv) 
any steps are taken with a view to the liquidation or dissolution of EDP B.V. (if EDP B.V. 
is the Issuer), EDP or any Material Subsidiary, or EDP B.V. (if EDP B.V. is the Issuer), 
EDP or any Material Subsidiary becomes insolvent or admits in writing its inability to pay 
its debts as and when the same fall due, or a receiver, liquidator or similar officer shall be 
appointed over all or any part of EDP B.V.'s (if EDP B.V. is the Issuer), EDP's or any 
Material Subsidiary's assets or an application shall be made for a moratorium or an 
arrangement with creditors of EDP B.V. (if EDP B.V. is the Issuer), EDP or any Material 
Subsidiary or proceedings shall be commenced in relation to EDP B.V. (if EDP B.V. is 
the Issuer), EDP or any Material Subsidiary under any legal reconstruction, readjustment 
of debts, dissolution or liquidation law or regulation, or a distress shall be levied or sued 
out upon all or any part of EDP B.V.'s (if EDP B.V. is the Issuer), EDP's or any Material 
Subsidiary's assets and shall remain undischarged for (60) days, or anything analogous to 
the foregoing shall occur under the laws of any applicable jurisdiction provided that, save 
in the case of Book Entry Instruments, no such event shall constitute an Event of Default 
if the Trustee is satisfied that it is being contested in good faith by appropriate means by 
EDP B.V. (if EDP B.V. is the Issuer), EDP or the relevant Material Subsidiary, as the case 
may be, and EDP or such Material Subsidiary or EDP B.V., as the case may be, has been 
advised by recognised independent legal advisers of good repute that it is reasonable to do 
so; or 
(v) 
save for the purposes of reorganisation on terms previously approved by an Extraordinary 
Resolution of the Holders, either (A) EDP or any Material Subsidiary, or (B) EDP, EDP 
B.V. (if EDP B.V. is the Issuer) and each of their Material Subsidiaries taken as a whole, 
cease(s) or threaten(s) to cease to carry on the whole or a major part of the business 
conducted by the Group as a whole (excluding the operations of any business relating to 
Thermal Assets) at the date on which agreement is reached to issue the first Tranche of 
the Instruments; or 
(vi) 
any authorisation, approval, consent, licence, decree, registration, publication, notarisation 
or other requirement of any governmental or public body or authority necessary to enable 
or permit EDP B.V. or EDP to comply with its obligations under the Instruments, the Trust 
Deed or the Keep Well Agreement or, if required for the validity or enforceability of any 
such obligations, is revoked, withdrawn or withheld or otherwise fails to remain in full 
force and effect or any law, decree or directive of any competent authority of or in the 
Netherlands or Portugal is enacted or issued which materially impairs the ability or right 
of EDP B.V. or EDP to perform such obligations; or 
(vii) 
EDP shall cease to own directly or indirectly more than 50 per cent. of the issued share 
capital or voting rights attached thereto or similar right of ownership in any Material 
Subsidiary or 100 per cent. of the issued share capital or voting rights attached thereto or 
similar right of ownership in EDP B.V. (if EDP B.V. is the Issuer) or EDP shall cease to 
have direct or indirect control of any Material Subsidiary or EDP B.V.; or

--- Page 112 ---
- 104 - 
 
 
(viii) 
the Keep Well Agreement is terminated or any provision of the Keep Well Agreement is 
amended or waived in circumstances where such amendment or waiver would have, in the 
opinion of the Trustee, an adverse effect on the interests of the Holders or is not enforced 
in a timely manner by EDP B.V. or is breached by EDP provided that in the case of such 
non-enforcement or breach this has, in the opinion of the Trustee, an adverse effect on the 
interests of the Holders; then 
(a) 
in respect of Instruments other than Book Entry Instruments, the Trustee at its 
discretion may, and if so requested in writing by the Holders of at least one-
quarter in nominal amount of the Instruments then outstanding or if so directed 
by an Extraordinary Resolution of the Holders of the Instruments shall (subject in 
each case to being indemnified to its satisfaction), given written notice to the 
Issuer that the Instruments are, and they shall accordingly thereupon immediately 
become, due and repayable at the Early Redemption Amount (as described in 
Condition 7.8 (Early Redemption Amounts), together with accrued interest (if 
any) as provided in the Trust Deed provided that, in the case of any Event of 
Default other than those described in paragraphs (i) (vi) and (vii) above, the 
Trustee shall have certified to the Issuer that, in its opinion, such Event of Default 
is materially prejudicial to the interests of the Holders; and 
(b) 
in respect of Book Entry Instruments, any Book Entry Instrumentholder may give 
notice to the Issuer and to the Portuguese Paying Agent at their respective 
specified offices, effective upon the date of receipt thereof by the Portuguese 
Paying Agent, that the Book Entry Instruments held by such Book Entry 
Instrumentholders are, and they shall accordingly thereby forthwith become, 
immediately due and repayable at their Early Redemption Amount (as described 
in Condition 7.8 (Early Redemption Amounts) together with accrued interest (as 
provided in the Interbolsa Instrument)). 
In these Terms and Conditions: 
"Group" means EDP and its Subsidiaries; 
"Indebtedness" means, with respect to any person, any indebtedness or obligation (whether 
present or future, actual or contingent) created, issued, guaranteed, incurred or assumed by such 
person for money borrowed or raised; 
"Material Subsidiary" means a Subsidiary: 
(a) 
whose operations include the generation and/or distribution of electricity in Portugal; and 
(b) 
 
(i) 
at any time whose total assets (excluding any Thermal Assets), as calculated from 
the then latest annual financial statements, audited if prepared, of that Subsidiary 
(consolidated in the case of a Subsidiary which itself has subsidiaries) represent 
not less than 5 per cent. of the total assets of the Group (as shown in the latest 
audited consolidated accounts of the Group); or 
(ii) 
at any time whose revenues (excluding any revenues derived from Thermal 
Assets), as calculated from the then latest annual financial statements, audited if 
prepared, of that Subsidiary (consolidated in the case of a Subsidiary which itself 
has subsidiaries) represent not less than 5 per cent. of the consolidated revenues 
of the Group (as shown in the latest audited consolidated accounts of the Group). 
A report by the directors of EDP that in their opinion, a Subsidiary is or is not, was or was not at 
any particular time a Material Subsidiary shall, in the absence of manifest error, be conclusive and 
binding on all parties. Such report may, if requested, be accompanied by a report from the Auditors 
(as defined in the Trust Deed) addressed to the directors of EDP as to the proper extraction of 
figures used by the directors of EDP in determining a Material Subsidiary and as to the 
mathematical accuracy of the calculations.

--- Page 113 ---
- 105 - 
 
 
"Subsidiary" means an entity from time to time of which EDP (a) has the right to appoint the 
majority of the members of the board of directors or similar board or (b) owns directly or indirectly 
more than 50 per cent. of the share capital or similar right of ownership; and 
"Thermal Assets" means all thermal power business of the Group, including but not limited to 
Aboño 1, Aboño 2, Soto 4, Soto 5, Ribatejo and Lares, the respective assets (notably, power plants), 
liabilities and equity interests in the foregoing. Any such determination made by EDP in relation 
to what is a Thermal Asset shall, in the absence of manifest error, be conclusive and binding on all 
parties.  
In addition, for the purposes of this Condition 10, where the relevant annual or audited financial 
statements of an entity include Thermal Assets, notwithstanding any reference to "as shown in" or 
"calculated from" such accounts, EDP shall adjust the numbers appearing in such accounts to 
reflect the financial position of the relevant entity excluding Thermal Assets or revenues derived 
from Thermal Assets.  Such adjustment shall, in the absence of manifest error, be conclusive and 
binding on all parties. 
11. 
Enforcement 
In the case of Instruments other than Book Entry Instruments, the Trustee may, at its discretion 
and without further notice, take such proceedings against the Issuer as it may think fit to enforce 
the obligations of the Issuer under the Trust Deed and the Instruments and any related Receipts or 
Coupons or the obligations of EDP under the Keep Well Agreement, but it shall not be bound to 
take any such proceedings or any other action unless (a) it shall have been so directed by an 
Extraordinary Resolution of the Holders or so requested in writing by the Holders of at least one-
quarter in nominal amount of the Instruments outstanding and (b) it shall have been indemnified 
to its satisfaction.  
In the case of Book Entry Instruments, the Trustee may at any time, at its discretion and without 
notice, take such proceedings and/or other action as it may think fit against or in relation to the 
Issuer to enforce the obligations of the Issuer in respect of the covenants granted to the Trustee by 
the Issuer under the Conditions or the Trust Deed, however the Trustee shall in no circumstances 
be bound to do so unless (a) it shall have been so directed in writing by Holders holding not less 
than one quarter of the aggregate outstanding nominal amount of the Book Entry Instruments and 
(b) it shall have been indemnified to its satisfaction. No Holder, save for a Book Entry 
Instrumentholder, shall be entitled to proceed directly against the Issuer or to take proceedings to 
enforce the Keep Well Agreement unless the Trustee, having become bound so to do, fails or 
unable to do so within 60 days and such failure or inability is continuing, provided that in the case 
of Book Entry Instruments, the Trustee may not but the holders thereof may at any time take such 
proceedings against the Issuer as they may think fit to enforce the provisions of the Book Entry 
Instruments and/or the Interbolsa Instrument. 
12. 
Replacement of Instruments, Receipts, Coupons and Talons 
Should any Instrument (other than a Book Entry Instrument), Receipt, Coupon or Talon be lost, 
stolen, mutilated, defaced or destroyed, it may be replaced at the specified office of any Paying 
Agent upon payment by the claimant of such costs and expenses as may be incurred in connection 
therewith and on such terms as to evidence and indemnity as the Issuer may reasonably require. 
Mutilated or defaced Instruments, Receipts, Coupons or Talons must be surrendered before 
replacements will be issued. 
13. 
Paying Agents 
The names of the initial Paying Agents and their initial specified offices are set out below. If any 
additional Paying Agents are appointed in connection with any Series, the names of such Paying 
Agents will be specified in Part B of the Final Terms.

--- Page 114 ---
- 106 - 
 
 
The Issuer is entitled, with the prior written approval of the Trustee, to vary or terminate the 
appointments of any Paying Agent and/or appoint additional or other Paying Agents and/or 
approve any change in the specified office through which any Paying Agent acts, provided that: 
(a) 
there will at all times be an Issue and Paying Agent and, in respect of Registered 
Instruments, a Registrar; 
(b) 
so long as the Instruments are listed, traded and/or quoted by or on any listing authority, 
stock exchange and/or quotation system, there will at all times be a Paying Agent with a 
specified office in such place as may be required by the rules and regulations of the 
relevant listing authority, stock exchange and/or quotation system; 
(c) 
there will at all times be a Paying Agent in jurisdiction within Europe other than the 
relevant Tax Jurisdiction; and 
(d) 
there will at all times be a Paying Agent in Portugal capable of making payment in respect 
of the Book Entry Instruments as contemplated by these terms and conditions of the 
Instruments, the Agency Agreement and applicable Portuguese law and regulation. 
In addition, the Issuer shall forthwith appoint a Paying Agent having a specified office in New 
York City in the circumstances described in Condition 6 (Payments). Any variation, termination, 
appointment or change shall only take effect (other than in the case of insolvency, when it shall be 
of immediate effect) after not less than 30 nor more than 45 days' prior notice thereof shall have 
been given to the Holders in accordance with Condition 15 (Notices). 
In acting under the Agency Agreement, the Paying Agents act solely as agents of the Issuer and, 
in certain limited circumstances, of the Trustee and do not assume any obligation to, or relationship 
of agency or trust with, any Holders. The Agency Agreement contains provisions permitting any 
entity into which any Paying Agent is merged or converted or with which it is consolidated or to 
which it transfers all or substantially all of its assets to become the successor paying agent. 
14. 
Exchange of Talons 
On and after the Interest Payment Date on which the final Coupon comprised in any Coupon sheet 
matures, the Talon (if any) forming part of such Coupon sheet may be surrendered at the specified 
office of any Paying Agent in exchange for a further Coupon sheet including (if such further 
Coupon sheet does not include Coupons to (and including) the final date for the payment of interest 
due in respect of the Instrument to which it appertains) a further Talon, subject to the provisions of 
Condition 9 (Prescription). 
15. 
Notices 
15.1 
Bearer Instruments: All notices regarding Bearer Instruments which are not admitted to trading on 
Euronext Dublin will be deemed to be validly given if published in a leading English language 
daily newspaper of general circulation in London. It is expected that such publication will be made 
in the Financial Times in London and, for so long as the Instruments are admitted to trading on 
Euronext Dublin and the rules of that exchange so require, through the Companies Announcement 
Office of Euronext Dublin. Any such notice will be deemed to have been given on the date of the 
first publication. 
15.2 
Notices to Holders of Registered Instruments: Notices to Holders of Registered Instruments will 
be deemed to be validly given if sent by first class mail (or equivalent) or (if posted to an overseas 
address) by air mail to them (or, in the case of joint Holders, to the first-named in the register kept 
by the Registrar) at their respective addresses as recorded in the register kept by the Registrar, and 
will be deemed to have been validly given on the fourth weekday after the date of such mailing or, 
if posted from another country, on the fifth such day. 
15.3 
Book Entry Instruments: The Issuer shall comply with Portuguese law in respect of notices relating 
to Book Entry Instruments.

--- Page 115 ---
- 107 - 
 
 
15.4 
General: The Issuer shall also ensure that notices are duly published and/or filed in a manner which 
complies with the rules and regulations of any listing authority, stock exchange and/or quotation 
system on which the Instruments are for the time being listed, traded and/or quoted. 
15.5 
Publication not practicable: If publication as provided above is not practicable, notice will be 
given in such other manner, and will be deemed to have been given on such date, as the Trustee 
shall approve. 
15.6 
Notices from Holders: Notices to be given by any Holder shall be in writing and given by lodging 
the same, together with the relative Instrument or Instruments, with the Issue and Paying Agent. 
16. 
Meetings of Holders, Modification, Waiver and Substitution 
The Trust Deed and, in relation to Book Entry Instruments only, the Interbolsa Instrument contain 
provisions for convening meetings of the Holders to consider any matter affecting their interests, 
including the sanctioning by Extraordinary Resolution of a modification of the Instruments, the 
Receipts, the Coupons or any of the provisions of the Trust Deed. Such a meeting may be convened 
by the Issuer or the Trustee and shall be convened by the Issuer if required in writing by Holders 
holding not less than ten per cent. in nominal amount of the Instruments for the time being 
remaining outstanding. The quorum at any such meeting for passing an Extraordinary Resolution 
is one or more persons holding or representing more than 50 per cent. in nominal amount of the 
Instruments for the time being outstanding, or at any adjourned meeting one or more persons being 
or representing Holders whatever the nominal amount of the Instruments so held or represented, 
except that at any meeting the business of which includes the modification of certain provisions of 
the Instruments, the Receipts, the Coupons or the Trust Deed (including modifying the date of 
maturity of the Instruments or any date for payment of interest thereon, reducing or cancelling the 
amount of principal or the rate of interest payable in respect of the Instruments or altering the 
currency of payment of the Instruments, the Receipts or the Coupons), the quorum shall be one or 
more persons holding or representing not less than two-thirds in nominal amount of the Instruments 
for the time being outstanding, or at any adjourned such meeting one or more persons holding or 
representing not less than one-third in nominal amount of the Instruments for the time being 
outstanding. An Extraordinary Resolution passed at any meeting of the Holders shall be binding 
on all the Holders, whether or not they are present at the meeting. 
The Trustee may agree, without the consent of the Holders, to: 
(a) 
any modification of the Instruments, the Receipts, the Coupons or the Trust Deed which 
is not, in the opinion of the Trustee, materially prejudicial to the interests of the Holders; 
or 
(b) 
any modification of the Instruments, the Receipts, the Coupons or the Trust Deed which 
is of a formal, minor or technical nature or is made to correct a manifest error or to comply 
with mandatory provisions of the law. 
The Trustee may also, without any consent as aforesaid, determine that any Event of Default or 
Potential Event of Default (as defined in the Trust Deed) shall not be treated as such which, in any 
such case, is not in the opinion of the Trustee, materially prejudicial to the interests of the Holders. 
Any such modification, waiver, authorisation or determination shall be binding on the Holders and, 
unless the Trustee agrees otherwise, any such modification shall be notified to the Holders in 
accordance with Condition 15 (Notices) as soon as practicable thereafter. 
In connection with the exercise by it of any of its trusts, powers, authorities or discretions 
(including, without limitation, any modification, waiver, authorisation, determination or 
substitution), the Trustee shall have regard to the general interests of the Holders as a class but 
shall not have regard to any interests arising from circumstances particular to individual Holders 
(whatever their number) and, in particular, but without limitation, shall not have regard to the 
consequences of such exercise for individual Holders (whatever their number) resulting from their 
being for any purpose domiciled or resident in, or otherwise connected with, or subject to the 
jurisdiction of, any particular territory and the Trustee shall not be entitled to require, nor shall any 
Holder be entitled to claim, from the Issuer any indemnification or payment in respect of any tax

--- Page 116 ---
- 108 - 
 
 
consequence of any such exercise upon individual Holders except to the extent already provided 
for in Condition 8 (Taxation) and/or any undertakings given in addition thereto or in substitution 
therefor pursuant to the Trust Deed. 
The Trustee may, without the consent of the Holders, agree with the Issuer to the substitution in 
place of the Issuer (or of any previous substitute under this Condition) as the principal debtor under 
the Instruments, the Receipts, the Coupons and the Trust Deed of another company, being a 
Subsidiary of the Issuer, subject to (a) the Instruments being unconditionally and irrevocably 
guaranteed by the Issuer or having the benefit of a Keep Well Agreement by EDP on the same 
basis as that on which they had such benefit immediately prior to the substitution, or the substitute 
Issuer is EDP (b) the Trustee being satisfied that the interests of the Holders will not be materially 
prejudiced by the substitution and (c) certain other conditions set out in the Trust Deed being 
complied with. 
In addition, the Trustee shall be obliged in certain circumstances to concur with the Issuer in using 
its reasonable endeavours to effect any Benchmark Amendments and Benchmark Replacement 
Conforming Changes on the basis set out in Condition 5.4 (Benchmark Discontinuation) and 
Condition 5.2(f) (Screen Rate Determination for Floating Rate Instruments referencing SOFR)  
and any changes required under Condition 5.2(c) without the consent or approval of the Holders 
of the relevant Instruments or Coupons subject to the provisions therewith. 
17. 
Further Issues 
The Issuer shall be at liberty from time to time without the consent of the Holders to create and 
issue further Instruments having terms and conditions the same as the Instruments or the same in 
all respects save for the amount and date of the first payment of interest thereon and so that the 
same shall be consolidated and form a single Series with the outstanding Instruments. The Trust 
Deed and, in relation to Book Entry Instruments only, the Interbolsa Instrument contain provisions 
for convening a single meeting of the Holders and the holders of instruments of other series in 
certain circumstances where the Trustee so decides. 
18. 
Indemnification of Trustee 
The Trust Deed contains provisions for the indemnification of the Trustee and for its relief from 
responsibility, including provisions relieving it from any obligation to take proceedings to enforce 
repayment unless indemnified to its satisfaction. The Trustee may enter into business transactions 
with the Issuer or any person or body corporate associated with the Issuer without accounting for 
any profit made or benefit received. 
19. 
Contracts (Rights of Third Parties) Act 1999 
No person shall have any right to enforce any term or condition of this Instrument under the 
Contracts (Rights of Third Parties) Act 1999. 
20. 
Governing Law and Submission to Jurisdiction 
20.1 
Governing law: The Trust Deed, the Interbolsa Instrument, the Agency Agreement, the Keep Well 
Agreement, the Instruments, the Receipts and the Coupons and any non-contractual obligations 
arising out of or in connection with the Trust Deed, the Interbolsa Instrument, the Agency 
Agreement, the Keep Well Agreement, the Instruments, the Receipts and the Coupons are governed 
by, and shall be construed in accordance with, English law save that, with respect to Book Entry 
Instruments only, the form (representação formal) and transfer of the Instruments, creation of 
security over the Instruments and the Interbolsa procedures for the exercise of rights under the 
Book Entry Instruments are governed by, and construed in accordance with, Portuguese law. 
20.2 
Submission to jurisdiction: The English courts have exclusive jurisdiction to settle any dispute 
arising out of or in connection with the Trust Deed, the Instruments, the Receipts and/or the 
Coupons, including any dispute as to their existence, validity, interpretation, performance, breach 
or termination or the consequences of their nullity and any dispute relating to any non-contractual 
obligations arising out of or in connection with the Trust Deed, the Instruments, the Receipts and/or 
the Coupons (a Dispute) and accordingly each of the Issuers, the Trustee and any holders of

--- Page 117 ---
- 109 - 
 
 
Instruments, Receipts or Coupons in relation to any Dispute submits to the exclusive jurisdiction 
of the English courts. 
Each of EDP B.V. and EDP irrevocably and unconditionally waived any objection to the English 
courts on the grounds that they are an inconvenient or inappropriate forum to settle any Dispute. 
To the extent allowed by law, the Trustee, the holders of Instruments, Receipts or Coupons may, 
in respect of any Dispute or Disputes, take: (i) proceedings in any other court with jurisdiction; and 
(ii) concurrent proceedings in any number of jurisdictions. 
20.3 
Appointment of Process Agent: Each of EDP B.V. and EDP has in the Trust Deed appointed Law 
Debenture Corporate Services Limited at its registered office for the time being (being at 6 
September 2019 at Fifth Floor, 100 Wood Street, London EC2V 7EX) as its agent for service of 
process in any proceeding and undertakes that, in the event of Law Debenture Corporate Services 
Limited ceasing so to act, it will appoint another person as its agent for service of process in 
England in respect of any Dispute. Nothing herein shall affect the right to serve proceedings in any 
other manner permitted by law. 
20.4 
Other documents: Each of EDP and EDP B.V. has in the Agency Agreement and the Keep Well 
Agreement submitted to the jurisdiction of the English courts and appointed an agent for service 
of process in terms substantially similar to those set out above.

--- Page 118 ---
- 110 - 
 
 
TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF SUBORDINATED INSTRUMENTS 
The following (other than any paragraphs in italics) are the Terms and Conditions of the Subordinated 
Instruments which as supplemented, modified or replaced in relation to any Subordinated Instruments, will 
be applicable to each Series of Subordinated Instruments. 
This Subordinated Instrument is one of a Series (as defined below) of Subordinated Instruments issued by 
EDP – Energias de Portugal, S.A. ("EDP" or the "Issuer") in book-entry form. Subordinated Instruments 
are integrated in the Interbolsa book-entry system and governed by these Conditions, certain provisions of 
a Trust Deed dated 14 March 2001 (such Trust Deed as modified and/or supplemented and/or restated from 
time to time, the "Trust Deed") most recently amended and restated on or around 13 September 2022 made 
between inter alios, EDP and Deutsche Trustee Company Limited (the "Trustee", which expression shall 
include any successor as Trustee) and a deed poll given by EDP in favour of the Holders (as defined below) 
dated on or around 13 September 2022 (the "Interbolsa Instrument"). 
References herein to the "Subordinated Instruments" shall be references to the Subordinated Instruments 
of this Series. As used herein, "Tranche" means Subordinated Instruments which are identical in all 
respects (including as to listing) and "Series" means a Tranche of Subordinated Instruments together with 
any further Tranche or Tranches of Subordinated Instruments which are (1) expressed to be consolidated 
and form a single series and (2) identical in all respects (including as to listing) except for their respective 
Issue Dates, Interest Commencement Dates and/or Issue Prices. 
The Subordinated Instruments have the benefit of an Amended and Restated Issue and Paying Agency 
Agreement (such Amended and Restated Issue and Paying Agency Agreement as amended and/or 
supplemented and/or restated from time to time, the "Agency Agreement") dated 13 September 2022 and 
made between inter alios, EDP, Deutsche Bank AG, London Branch as issue and principal paying agent 
and agent bank (the "Issue and Paying Agent", which expression shall include any successor agent, 
together with the Portuguese Paying Agent (as defined below), unless the context otherwise requires, the 
"Paying Agents", which expression shall include any additional or successor paying agents) and the 
Trustee. Deutsche Bank Aktiengesellschaft – Sucursal em Portugal will be the paying agent in Portugal 
(the "Portuguese Paying Agent"). 
References to the "Final Terms" are, unless otherwise stated, to the Final Terms (or the relevant provisions 
thereof) prepared in relation to the Subordinated Instrument. 
Subject as provided in the Interbolsa Instrument, the Trustee acts for the benefit of the Holders all in 
accordance with the provisions of the Trust Deed. "Affiliate Member of Interbolsa" means any authorised 
financial intermediary entitled to hold control accounts with Interbolsa on behalf of their customers and 
includes any depositary banks appointed by Euroclear Bank SA/NV ("Euroclear Bank") and/or 
Clearstream Banking S.A. ("Clearstream, Luxembourg") for the purpose of holding such accounts with 
Interbolsa on behalf of Euroclear Bank and Clearstream, Luxembourg. 
Copies of the Trust Deed, the Agency Agreement and the Interbolsa Instrument are (i) available for 
inspection or collection during normal business hours at the registered office for the time being of the 
Trustee being, as at 13 September 2022 at Winchester House, 1 Great Winchester Street, London EC2N 
2DB, United Kingdom) and at the specified office of each of the Paying Agents or (ii) may be provided by 
email to a Holder following their prior written request to the Trustee or any Paying Agents and provision 
of proof of holding and identity (in a form satisfactory to the Trustee or the relevant Paying Agent, as the 
case may be). If the Subordinated Instruments are to be admitted to trading on the regulated market of the 
Irish Stock Exchange plc trading as Euronext Dublin ("Euronext Dublin") the Final Terms will be 
published on the websites of Euronext Dublin (https://live.euronext.com/). The Holders are deemed to have 
notice of, and are entitled to the benefit of, all the provisions of the Trust Deed, the Agency Agreement and 
the Final Terms which are applicable to them. The statements in these Terms and Conditions include 
summaries of, and are subject to, the detailed provisions of the Interbolsa Instrument and those provisions 
of the Trust Deed applicable to them. 
Words and expressions defined in the Trust Deed, the Interbolsa Instrument or the Agency Agreement or 
used in the Final Terms shall have the same meanings where used in these Terms and Conditions unless 
the context otherwise requires or unless otherwise stated and provided that, in the event of inconsistency 
between the Trust Deed and the Agency Agreement, the Trust Deed will prevail and, in the event of

--- Page 119 ---
- 111 - 
 
 
inconsistency between the Trust Deed or the Agency Agreement and the Final Terms, the Final Terms will 
prevail. 
1. 
Form and Denomination 
1.1 
Form: The Subordinated Instruments are issued in dematerialised book-entry form (forma 
escritural) and are nominativas (in which case Interbolsa, at the request of the Issuer, can ask the 
Affiliate Members of Interbolsa for information regarding the identity of the Holders and transmit 
such information to the Issuer). 
1.2 
Registration: The Subordinated Instruments will be registered by Interbolsa – Sociedade Gestora 
de Sistemas de Liquidação e de Sistemas Centralizados de Valores Mobiliários, S.A. ("Interbolsa") 
as management entity of the Portuguese Centralised System of Registration of Securities (Central 
de Valores Mobiliários) ("CVM"). Each person in whose name a Subordinated Instrument is 
registered in the relevant individual securities accounts held with an Affiliate Member of Interbolsa 
(each a "Holder") shall be considered the holder of the principal amount of Subordinated 
Instruments recorded except as otherwise required by law. One or more certificates in relation to 
the Subordinated Instruments (each a "Certificate") will be delivered by the relevant Affiliate 
Member of Interbolsa in respect of its holding of Subordinated Instruments upon the request by the 
relevant Holder and in accordance with that Affiliate Member of Interbolsa's procedures and 
pursuant to article 78 of the Portuguese Securities Code (Código dos Valores Mobiliários), as 
amended from time to time, including by Law no.99-A/2021, 31 December 2021. 
1.3 
Interest Basis: Each Subordinated Instrument shall be a Fixed to Reset Rate Instrument. 
1.4 
Denomination of Subordinated Instruments: Subordinated Instruments are in the Specified 
Denomination or Denominations specified in the Final Terms. Subordinated Instruments of one 
denomination may not be exchanged for Subordinated Instruments of any other denomination. 
1.5 
Currency of Subordinated Instruments: The Subordinated Instruments will be denominated in Euro 
or in such other currency as can be settled through Interbolsa, subject to compliance with all 
applicable legal and/or regulatory and/or central bank requirements. 
2. 
Title and Transfer 
Title to the Subordinated Instruments passes upon registration in the relevant individual securities 
accounts held with an Affiliate Member of Interbolsa. Any Holder will (except as otherwise 
required by law) be treated as its absolute owner for all purposes and no person will be liable for 
so treating the Holder. No Holder will be able to transfer Subordinated Instruments, or any interest 
therein, except in accordance with Portuguese laws and regulations.  
3. 
Status of the Subordinated Instruments 
3.1 
Status: The Subordinated Instruments are direct, unsecured and subordinated obligations of the 
Issuer and rank pari passu and without preference among themselves. 
3.2 
Subordination: The claims of the Holders in respect of the Subordinated Instruments, including in 
respect of any claim to Deferred Interest Payments (as defined in Condition 4.3 (Interest Deferral), 
will, in the event of the winding-up or insolvency of the Issuer (subject to and to the extent 
permitted by applicable law), rank: 
(a) 
junior to all Senior Obligations of the Issuer; 
(b) 
pari passu with each other and with the obligations of the Issuer in respect of any Parity 
Security; and 
(c) 
senior only to the Issuer's ordinary shares and any other class of share capital of the Issuer 
that ranks pari passu with ordinary shares (the "Issuer Shares"). 
3.3 
Set-off: To the extent and in the manner permitted by applicable law, no Holder may exercise, 
claim or plead any right of set-off, counterclaim, compensation or retention in respect of any 
amount owed to it by the Issuer in respect of, or arising from, the Subordinated Instruments and

--- Page 120 ---
- 112 - 
 
 
each Holder shall, by virtue of its holding of any Subordinated Instrument, be deemed to have 
waived all such rights of set-off, counterclaim, compensation or retention. 
3.4 
The Trustee: The provisions of Condition 3.2 apply only to the principal and interest and any other 
amounts payable in respect of the Subordinated Instruments and nothing in Condition 3.2, 
Condition 4.3, Condition 6 or Condition 10 shall affect or prejudice the payment of the costs, 
charges, expenses, liabilities or remuneration of the Trustee or its rights and remedies in respect 
thereof. 
The Trustee shall have no responsibility for, or liability or obligation in respect of, any loss, claim 
or demand incurred as a result of or in connection with any non-payment of interest, principal or 
other amounts by reason of Condition 3.2, Condition 4.3 or Condition 6. 
For the purposes of these Terms and Conditions: 
"Parity Security" means: (i) any security issued by the Issuer which ranks, or is expressed to rank, 
pari passu with the Subordinated Instruments; and (ii) any security guaranteed by, or subject to the 
benefit of a keep well agreement or support undertaking entered into by, the Issuer where the 
Issuer's obligations under the relevant guarantee, keep well agreement or support undertaking rank 
pari passu with the Issuer's obligations under the Subordinated Instruments. 
"Senior Obligations" means all obligations of the Issuer (including any obligation assumed by the 
Issuer under any guarantee of, or any keep well agreement) other than the obligations of the Issuer 
in respect of any Parity Security or the Issuer Shares. 
4. 
Interest 
The Subordinated Instruments are Fixed to Reset Rate Instruments. 
4.1 
Interest on Subordinated Instruments 
(a) 
Interest Payment Dates: Subject to any applicable increase pursuant to Condition 4.5 
(Increase in Rate of Interest), each Subordinated Instrument bears interest: 
(i) 
from (and including) the Interest Commencement Date to (but excluding) the First 
Reset Date at the Initial Rate of Interest; 
(ii) 
from (and including) the First Reset Date to (but excluding) the first Anniversary 
Date at the First Reset Rate of Interest; and 
(iii) 
for each Subsequent Reset Period thereafter (if any), at the relevant Subsequent 
Reset Rate of Interest, 
and such interest shall be payable (subject to Condition 4.3 (Interest Deferral)), in each 
case, in arrear on each Interest Payment Date and on the Maturity Date if that does not fall 
on an Interest Payment Date. Interest on Subordinated Instruments will be calculated on 
the full outstanding nominal amount of the Subordinated Instruments and shall be 
multiplied by the applicable Day Count Fraction and will be paid to the Affiliate Members 
of Interbolsa for distribution by them to the accounts of entitled Holders in accordance 
with Interbolsa's usual rules and operating procedures. 
The resultant figure shall be rounded to the nearest sub-unit of the relevant Specified 
Currency, half of any such sub-unit being rounded upwards or otherwise in accordance 
with applicable market convention. 
(b) 
Notification of Rate of Interest and Interest Amounts: The Calculation Agent will cause 
the Rate of Interest and each Interest Amount for each Interest Period and the relevant 
Interest Payment Date to be notified to the Issuer, the Trustee and any stock exchange or 
other relevant authority on which the relevant Subordinated Instruments are for the time 
being listed or by which they have been admitted to listing and notice thereof to be 
published in accordance with Condition 12 (Notices) as soon as possible after their 
determination but in no event later than the fourth London Business Day thereafter. Each

--- Page 121 ---
- 113 - 
 
 
Interest Amount and Interest Payment Date so notified may subsequently be amended (or 
appropriate alternative arrangements made by way of adjustment) without prior notice in 
the event of an extension or shortening of the Interest Period. Any such amendment will 
be promptly notified to each stock exchange or other relevant authority on which the 
relevant Subordinated Instruments are for the time being listed or by which they have been 
admitted to listing and to the Holders in accordance with Condition 12 (Notices). For the 
purposes of this paragraph, the expression "London Business Day" means a day (other 
than a Saturday or a Sunday) on which banks and foreign exchange markets are open for 
business in London. 
(c) 
Certificates to be final: All certificates, communications, opinions, determinations, 
calculations, quotations and decisions given, expressed, made or obtained for the purposes 
of the provisions of this Condition 4.1, by the Calculation Agent shall (in the absence of 
manifest error) be binding on the Issuer, the Trustee, the Issue and Paying Agent, the other 
Paying Agents and all Holders and (in the absence of fraud, negligence or wilful 
misconduct) no liability to the Issuer, or the Holders shall attach to the Calculation Agent 
in connection with the exercise or non-exercise by it of its powers, duties and discretions 
pursuant to such provisions. 
In these Terms and Conditions: 
"Anniversary Date" means the date specified in the Final Terms; 
"Benchmark Frequency" has the meaning given in the Final Terms; 
"Benchmark Gilt" means, in respect of a Reset Period, such United Kingdom government security 
having an actual or interpolated maturity date on or about the last day of such Reset Period as the 
Issuer after consultation with the Calculation Agent, on the advice of an investment bank of 
international repute, may determine would be utilised, at the time of selection and in accordance 
with customary financial practice, in pricing new issuances of corporate debt securities 
denominated in sterling and of a comparable tenor to the relevant Reset Period; 
"Benchmark Gilt Rate" means, in respect of a Reset Period, the gross redemption yield (expressed 
as a percentage) of the Benchmark Gilt determined by the Calculation Agent on the basis of the 
gross redemption yield (expressed as a percentage and rounded up if necessary to four decimal 
places on a semi-annual compounding basis) of such Benchmark Gilt in respect of that Reset Period 
in accordance with generally accepted market practice at such time, with the yield of the 
Benchmark Gilt for this purpose being the arithmetic average (rounded up (if necessary) to the 
nearest 0.001 per cent. (0.0005 per cent. being rounded upwards)) of the bid and offered yields of 
such Benchmark Gilt quoted by the Reset Reference Banks at 3.00 p.m. (London time) on the 
relevant Reset Determination Date on a dealing basis for settlement on the next following dealing 
day (as defined below). If at least four quotations are provided, the Benchmark Gilt Rate will be 
the rounded arithmetic mean of the quotations provided, eliminating the highest quotation (or, in 
the event of equality, one of the highest) and the lowest quotation (or, in the event of equality, one 
of the lowest). If only two or three quotations are provided, the Benchmark Gilt Rate will be the 
rounded arithmetic mean of the quotations provided. If only one quotation is provided, the 
Benchmark Gilt Rate will be the rounded quotation provided. If no quotations are provided, the 
Benchmark Gilt Rate will be (i) in the case of each Reset Period other than the Reset Period 
commencing on the First Reset Date, the Reset Rate in respect of the immediately preceding Reset 
Period or (ii) in the case of the Reset Period commencing on the First Reset Date, an amount 
specified in the Final Terms as the "First Reset Period Fallback"; 
"CMT Designated Maturity" has the meaning given in the Final Terms; 
"CMT Rate" means, in relation to a Reset Period and the Reset Determination Date in relation to 
such Reset Period, the rate determined by the Calculation Agent, and expressed as a percentage, 
equal to: 
(i) 
the yield for United States Treasury Securities at "constant maturity" for the CMT 
Designated Maturity, as published in the H.15 under the caption "treasury constant

--- Page 122 ---
- 114 - 
 
 
maturities (nominal)" on such Reset Determination Date, as that yield is displayed on the 
CMT Rate Screen Page on such Reset Determination Date; 
(ii) 
if the yield referred to in paragraph (i) above is not published by 4:30 p.m. (New York 
City time) on the CMT Rate Screen Page on such Reset Determination Date, the yield for 
the United States Treasury Securities at "constant maturity" for the CMT Designated 
Maturity as published in the H.15 under the caption "treasury constant maturities 
(nominal)" on such Reset Determination Date; or 
(iii) 
if the yield referred to in paragraph (ii) above is not published by 4:30 p.m. (New York 
City time) on such Reset Determination Date, the Reset Reference Bank Rate on such 
Reset Determination Date; 
"CMT Rate Screen Page" has the meaning given in the Final Terms or any successor service or 
such other page as may replace that page on that service for the purpose of displaying "treasury 
constant maturities" as reported in the H.15; 
"Day Count Fraction" means, in respect of the calculation of an amount of interest for any Interest 
Period: 
(i) 
if "Actual/Actual (ICMA)" is specified in the Final Terms: 
(a) 
in the case of Subordinated Instruments where the number of days in the relevant 
period from and including the most recent Interest Payment Date (or, if none, the 
Interest Commencement Date) to but excluding the relevant payment date (the 
"Accrual Period") is equal to or shorter than the Determination Period during 
which the Accrual Period ends, the number of days in such Accrual Period divided 
by the product of (1) the number of days in such Determination Period and (2) the 
number of Determination Dates (as specified in the Final Terms) that would occur 
in one calendar year; or 
(b) 
in the case of Subordinated Instruments where the Accrual Period is longer than 
the Determination Period during which the Accrual Period ends, the sum of: 
(1) 
the number of days in such Accrual Period falling in the Determination 
Period in which the Accrual Period begins divided by the product of (x) 
the number of days in such Determination Period and (y) the number of 
Determination Dates (as specified in the Final Terms) that would occur 
in one calendar year; and 
(2) 
the number of days in such Accrual Period falling in the next 
Determination Period divided by the product of (x) the number of days 
in such Determination Period and (y) the number of Determination Dates 
that would occur in one calendar year; and 
(ii) 
if "30/360" is specified in the Final Terms, the number of days in the period from and 
including the most recent Interest Payment Date (or, if none, the Interest Commencement 
Date) to but excluding the relevant payment date (such number of days being calculated 
on the basis of 12 30-day months) divided by 360; and 
(iii) 
if "Actual/365" or "Actual/Actual (ISDA)" is specified in the Final Terms, the actual 
number of days in the Interest Period divided by 365 (or, if any portion of that Interest 
Period falls in a leap year, the sum of (A) the actual number of days in that portion of the 
Interest Period falling in a leap year divided by 366 and (B) the actual number of days in 
that portion of the Interest Period falling in a non-leap year divided by 365); 
"Determination Period" means the period from and including a Determination Date to but 
excluding the next Determination Date; 
"First Reset Date" means the date specified in the Final Terms;

--- Page 123 ---
- 115 - 
 
 
"First Reset Period" means the period from (and including) the First Reset Date to (but excluding) 
the first Anniversary Date; 
"First Reset Period Fallback" has the meaning given to it in the Final Terms; 
"First Reset Rate of Interest" means the rate of interest being determined by the Calculation 
Agent on the relevant Reset Determination Date as the sum of the relevant Reset Rate plus the 
Reset Margin (with such sum converted (if necessary) from a basis equivalent to the Benchmark 
Frequency to a basis equivalent to the frequency with which scheduled interest payments are 
payable on the relevant Subordinated Instruments during the First Reset Period (such calculation 
to be made by the Calculation Agent)), in each case subject to Condition 4.6 (Benchmark 
Discontinuation); 
"Fixed Leg" has the meaning given in the Final Terms; 
"Floating Leg" has the meaning given in the Final Terms; 
"H.15" means the daily statistical release designated as H.15, or any successor publication, 
published 
by 
the 
board 
of 
governors 
of 
the 
Federal 
Reserve 
System 
at 
http://www.federalreserve.gov/releases/H15 or any successor site or publication; 
"Initial Rate of Interest" has the meaning given in the Final Terms; 
"Interest Amount" means in relation to an Interest Period, the amount of interest for that Interest 
Period; 
"Interest Period" means the period beginning on, and including, the Interest Commencement Date 
and ending on, but excluding, the first Interest Payment Date and each successive period beginning 
on, and including, an Interest Payment Date and ending on, but excluding, the next succeeding 
Interest Payment Date; 
"Mid-Swap Quotations" means the arithmetic mean of the bid and offered rates: 
(i) 
if the Specified Currency is euro, for the annual fixed leg (calculated on a 30/360 day 
count basis) of a fixed for floating interest rate swap transaction in euro which (a) has a 
term commencing on the relevant Reset Date which is equal to that of the relevant Swap 
Rate Period; (b) is in an amount that is representative of a single transaction in the relevant 
market at the relevant time with an acknowledged dealer of good credit in the relevant 
swap market; and (c) has a floating leg based on the 6 month EURIBOR rate (calculated 
on an Actual/360 day count basis), unless as otherwise specified in the Final Terms; or 
(ii) 
if the Specified Currency is not euro, for the Fixed Leg (as set out in the Final Terms) of 
a fixed for floating interest rate swap transaction in that Specified Currency which (a) has 
a term commencing on the relevant Reset Date which is equal to that of the relevant Swap 
Rate Period; (b) is in an amount that is representative of a single transaction in the relevant 
market at the relevant time with an acknowledged dealer of good credit in the relevant 
swap market; and (c) has a Floating Leg (as set out in the Final Terms); 
"Mid-Swap Rate" means in respect of a Reset Period, (i) the applicable semi-annual or annual (as 
specified in the Final Terms) mid swap rate for swap transactions in the Specified Currency (with 
a maturity equal to that of the relevant Swap Rate Period) as displayed on the Relevant Screen 
Page at 11.00 a.m. (in the principal financial centre of the country of the relevant Specified 
Currency) on the relevant Reset Determination Date or (ii) if such rate is not displayed on the 
Relevant Screen Page at such time and date, the relevant Reset Reference Bank Rate; 
"Reset Determination Date" means, in respect of a Reset Period, (a) each date specified as such 
in the Final Terms or, if none is so specified, (b) (i) if the Specified Currency is sterling, the first 
Business Day of such Reset Period, (ii) if the Specified Currency is euro, the day falling two 
TARGET Settlement Days prior to the first day of such Reset Period, (iii) if the Specified Currency 
is U.S. dollars, the day falling two U.S. Government Securities Business Days prior to the first day 
of such Reset Period or (iv) for any other Specified Currency, the day falling two Business Days

--- Page 124 ---
- 116 - 
 
 
in the principal financial centre of the country of the relevant Specified Currency prior to the first 
day of such Reset Period; 
"Reset Margin" has the meaning given in the Final Terms. Where the term "Second Step-Up 
Date" is used in the Final Terms, such term shall have the following meaning: 
(A) 
if, at any time between the Issue Date of the first Tranche of the Subordinated Instruments 
and the 30th calendar day preceding the First Reset Date, the Issuer is assigned an issuer 
credit rating of "BBB-" or above by Standard & Poor's and does not, on the 30th calendar 
day preceding the First Reset Date, have an issuer credit rating assigned to it of "BB+" (or 
such similar nomenclature then used by Standard & Poor's) or below, the Later Second 
Step-Up Date; and 
(B) 
otherwise the Earlier Second Step-Up Date; and 
Unless the Subordinated Instruments are redeemed on or prior to the First Reset Date pursuant to 
Condition 6 (Redemption and Repurchase), the Issuer will notify the Issue and Paying Agent, the 
Trustee and the Holders in accordance with Condition 12 (Notices) that the Second Step-Up Date 
is either the Earlier Second Step-Up Date or the Later Second Step-Up Date, as determined by this 
definition, by no later than the First Reset Date. Where applicable, the terms Earlier Second Step-
Up Date and Later Second Step-Up Date shall have the meanings ascribed to them in the Final 
Terms; 
"Reset Date" means every date which falls on each Anniversary Date; 
"Reset Period" means the First Reset Period or a Subsequent Reset Period; 
"Reset Rate" means, in each case subject to Condition 4.6 (Benchmark Discontinuation) (a) if 
"Mid-Swap Rate" is specified in the Final Terms, the relevant Mid-Swap Rate, (b) if "Benchmark 
Gilt Rate" is specified in the Final Terms, the relevant Benchmark Gilt Rate or (c) if "CMT Rate" 
is specified in the Final Terms, the relevant CMT Rate; 
"Reset Reference Bank Rate" means the percentage rate determined on the basis of (a) if "Mid-
Swap Rate" is specified in the Final Terms, the Mid-Swap Quotations provided by the Reset 
Reference Banks to the Calculation Agent at or around 11:00 a.m. in the principal financial centre 
of the country of the relevant Specified Currency on the relevant Reset Determination Date or (b) 
if "CMT Rate" is specified in the Final Terms, the Reset United States Treasury Securities 
Quotations provided by the Reset Reference Banks to the Calculation Agent at or around 4:30 p.m. 
(New York City time) on the relevant Reset Determination Date and, in either case, rounded, if 
necessary, to the nearest 0.001 per cent. (0.0005 per cent. being rounded upwards). If at least four 
quotations are provided, the Reset Reference Bank Rate will be the rounded arithmetic mean of 
the quotations provided, eliminating the highest quotation (or, in the event of equality, one of the 
highest) and the lowest quotation (or, in the event of equality, one of the lowest). If only two or 
three quotations are provided, the Reset Reference Bank Rate will be the rounded arithmetic mean 
of the quotations provided. If only one quotation is provided, the Reset Reference Bank Rate will 
be the rounded quotation provided. If no quotations are provided, the Reset Reference Bank Rate 
will be the last observable relevant Mid-Swap Rate or CMT Rate (as applicable) which appears on 
the Relevant Screen Page or the CMT Rate Screen Page (as applicable), as determined by the 
Calculation Agent; 
"Reset Reference Banks" means (i) in the case of the calculation of a Reset Reference Bank Rate 
where "Mid-Swap Rate" is specified in the Final Terms, five leading swap dealers in the principal 
interbank market relating to the Specified Currency, (ii) in the case of the calculation of a Reset 
Reference Bank Rate where "CMT Rate" is specified in the Final Terms, five banks which are 
primary U.S. Treasury securities dealers or market makers in pricing corporate bond issues 
denominated in U.S. dollars in New York or (iii) in the case of a Benchmark Gilt Rate, five brokers 
of United Kingdom government securities and/or gilt-edged market makers, in each case, as 
selected by the Issuer and notified to the Calculation Agent; 
"Reset United States Treasury Securities" means, on the relevant Reset Determination Date, 
United States Treasury Securities with an original maturity equal to the CMT Designated Maturity,

--- Page 125 ---
- 117 - 
 
 
a remaining term to maturity of no more than one year shorter than the CMT Designated Maturity 
and in a principal amount equal to an amount that is representative for a single transaction in such 
United States Treasury Securities in the New York City market. If two or more United States 
Treasury Securities have remaining terms to maturity of no less than one year shorter than the CMT 
Designated Maturity, the United States Treasury Security with the longer remaining term to 
maturity will be used and if two or more United States Treasury Securities have remaining terms 
to maturity equally close to the duration of the CMT Designated Maturity, the United States 
Treasury Security with the largest nominal amount outstanding will be used; 
"Reset United States Treasury Securities Quotations" means, in relation to a Reset Period and 
the Reset Determination Date in relation to such Reset Period, the rate determined by the 
Calculation Agent as being a yield-to-maturity based on the arithmetic mean of the secondary 
market bid prices of the Reset Reference Banks for Reset United States Treasury Securities at 
approximately 4:30 p.m. (New York City time) on such Reset Determination Date; 
"Subsequent Reset Period" means each successive period other than the First Reset Period from 
(and including) a Reset Date to (but excluding) the next succeeding Reset Date up to (but 
excluding) the Maturity Date;  
"Subsequent Reset Rate of Interest" means, in respect of any Subsequent Reset Period, the rate 
of interest being determined by the Calculation Agent on the relevant Reset Determination Date as 
the sum of the relevant Reset Rate plus the Reset Margin (with such sum converted (if necessary) 
from a basis equivalent to the Benchmark Frequency to a basis equivalent to the frequency with 
which scheduled interest payments are payable on the relevant Subordinated Instruments during 
the relevant Subsequent Reset Period (such calculation to be made by the Calculation Agent)), in 
each case subject to Condition 4.6 (Benchmark Discontinuation); 
"sub-unit" means, with respect to any currency other than euro, the lowest amount of such currency 
that is available as legal tender in the country of such currency and, with respect to euro, means 
one cent; 
"TARGET Settlement Day" means any day on which TARGET2 is open for the settlement of 
payments in euro; 
"United States Treasury Securities" means securities that are direct obligations of the United 
States Treasury, issued other than on a discount rate basis; and 
"U.S. Government Securities Business Day" means any day except for a Saturday, Sunday or a 
day on which the Securities Industry and Financial Markets Association (or any successor thereto) 
recommends that the fixed income departments of its members be closed for the entire day for 
purposes of trading in U.S. government securities. 
4.2 
Accrual of interest 
Each Subordinated Instrument (or, in the case of the redemption of part only of a Subordinated 
Instrument, that part only of such Subordinated Instrument) will cease to bear interest (if any) from 
the date for its redemption unless, upon due presentation of the relevant Certificate in respect 
thereof, payment of principal is improperly withheld or refused. In such event, interest will 
continue to accrue (including on any Deferred Interest Payment) as provided in the Trust Deed. 
4.3 
Interest Deferral 
The Issuer may determine in its sole discretion not to pay the whole or any part of the relevant 
Interest Amount otherwise scheduled to be paid on an Interest Payment Date. Interest that the 
Issuer has elected not to pay shall not be due and payable and shall constitute a "Deferred Interest 
Payment". The Issuer shall not have any obligation to pay interest on any Interest Payment Date 
and any such non-payment of interest shall not constitute a default of the Issuer or any other breach 
of its obligations under the Subordinated Instruments or for any other purpose. 
Additional interest will accrue on each Deferred Interest Payment at the then applicable Rate of 
Interest, and from (and including) the date on which (but for such deferral) the Deferred Interest 
Payment would otherwise have been due to (but excluding) the date on which the Deferred Interest

--- Page 126 ---
- 118 - 
 
 
Payment is paid, and will be added to such Deferred Interest Payment (and thereafter accumulate 
additional interest accordingly) on each Interest Payment Date. Deferred Interest Payments 
(including any additional interest accrued thereon) will be payable in accordance with Condition 
4.4 (Payment of Deferred Interest Payments). 
If the Issuer decides not to pay the relevant Interest Amount on an Interest Payment Date, the Issuer 
shall notify the Holders in accordance with Condition 12 (Notices), the Issue and Paying Agent 
and the Trustee not less than five Business Days prior to such Interest Payment Date. 
4.4 
Payment of Deferred Interest Payments: 
(a) 
The Issuer may settle outstanding Deferred Interest Payments (in whole or in part) at any 
time on the giving of at least 5 Business Days' prior notice to the Holders in accordance 
with Condition 12 (Notices), the Issue and Paying Agent and the Trustee (which notice 
shall be irrevocable and will oblige the Issuer to pay the relevant Deferred Interest 
Payments on the payment date specified in such notice). 
(b) 
Notwithstanding Condition 4.4(a), all outstanding Deferred Interest Payments must be 
settled (in whole and not in part) on a Payment Reference Date. 
In these Terms and Conditions: 
"Payment Reference Date" means the date which is the earlier of: 
(i) 
the date which is 10 Business Days following the occurrence of a Compulsory Payment 
Event; 
(ii) 
the next Interest Payment Date in relation to which the Issuer decides to pay the interest 
in full; 
(iii) 
the Maturity Date or the calendar day on which the Subordinated Instruments are 
otherwise redeemed; and 
(iv) 
the calendar day on which an applicable legally binding resolution or order is made for 
the winding-up, dissolution or liquidation of the Issuer (other than for the purposes of or 
pursuant to an amalgamation, reorganisation or restructuring while solvent, where the 
continuing entity assumes substantially all of the assets and obligations of the Issuer). 
If any Payment Reference Date would fall on a calendar day which is not a Business Day, the 
Payment Reference Date shall be postponed to the next calendar day which is a Business Day. 
Each of the following is a "Compulsory Payment Event": 
(i) 
the shareholders of the Issuer validly approve a proposal to pay a dividend, other 
distribution or payment on any Issuer Shares, other than any payment in kind using Issuer 
Shares; 
(ii) 
the Issuer redeems, or the Issuer or any of its Subsidiaries purchases or otherwise acquires, 
any Issuer Shares for any consideration, except pursuant to the terms of any instrument 
which converts into Issuer Shares or in connection with the satisfaction by the Issuer of its 
obligations under any existing or future buy-back programme, share option or free share 
allocation plan or employee benefit plan or similar arrangement with or for the benefit of 
employees, officers, directors or consultants; 
(iii) 
the Issuer or any of its Subsidiaries makes any payment of interest, dividend or other 
distribution or payment on any Parity Securities; and 
(iv) 
the Issuer redeems, or the Issuer or any of its Subsidiaries purchases or otherwise acquires, 
any of the Subordinated Instruments or any Parity Securities for any consideration, except 
pursuant to the terms of any instrument which converts into Issuer Shares or Parity 
Securities,

--- Page 127 ---
- 119 - 
 
 
provided that, in the case of (iii) and (iv) above, no Compulsory Payment Event will occur if: (x) 
the Issuer or any of its Subsidiaries are obliged under these Terms and Conditions or under the 
terms and conditions of such Parity Securities to make such payment, redemption, purchase or 
other acquisition; or (y) the Issuer or any of its Subsidiaries repurchases or otherwise acquires any 
Subordinated Instruments or any Parity Securities in an open-market tender offer or exchange offer 
at a consideration per Subordinated Instrument or Parity Security below its respective par value; 
or (z) the Issuer makes any pro rata payment of deferred interest on any Parity Securities which is 
made simultaneously with a pro rata Deferred Interest Payment provided that such pro rata 
payment on any Parity Securities is not proportionately more than the pro rata Deferred Interest 
Payment. 
4.5 
Increase in Rate of Interest 
Unless an irrevocable notice to redeem the Subordinated Instruments has been given to Holders by 
the Issuer pursuant to Condition 6.6 (Redemption upon a Change of Control Event) on or before 
the 55th calendar day following the first occurrence of a Change of Control Event (as defined in 
Condition 6.6 (Redemption upon a Change of Control Event)), the Rate of Interest will increase 
once by the Change of Control Step-Up Margin specified in the Final Terms with effect from (and 
including) the 55th calendar day following the date on which that Change of Control Event 
occurred. The occurrence of the Change of Control Event will be notified by the Issuer to the 
Holders in accordance with Condition 12 (Notices) and to the Issue and Paying Agent and the 
Trustee by no later than the 15th Business Day following the relevant Change of Control Event. 
For the avoidance of doubt, the Rate of Interest will not increase by reason of any subsequent 
Change of Control Event. 
4.6 
Benchmark Discontinuation 
(a) 
Notwithstanding the operation of Condition 4.1 (Interest on Subordinated Instruments), if 
EDP determines that a Benchmark Event has occurred, when any Rate of Interest (or the 
relevant component part thereof) remains to be determined by reference to an Original 
Reference Rate, then the following provisions shall apply. 
(b) 
EDP shall use its reasonable endeavours to appoint an Independent Adviser, no later than 
5 Business Days prior to the  Reset Determination Date relating to the next succeeding 
Reset Period, to determine a Successor Rate, failing which an Alternative Rate (in 
accordance with Condition 4.6(c)) and, in either case, an Adjustment Spread, if any (in 
accordance with Condition 4.6(d)) and any Benchmark Amendments (in accordance with 
Condition 4.6(e)). 
For the avoidance of doubt, the Independent Adviser if acting in good faith and, in the 
absence of bad faith or fraud, shall have no liability whatsoever to the Issuer, the Trustee, 
the Paying Agents or the Holders for any determination made by it pursuant to this 
Condition 4.6. 
If (i) EDP is unable, having used its reasonable endeavours, to appoint an Independent 
Adviser or (ii) the Independent Adviser appointed by it fails to determine a Successor Rate 
or, failing which, an Alternative Rate and, in each case, an Adjustment Spread, in 
accordance with this Condition 4.6 prior to the date which is 3 Business Days prior to the 
relevant Reset Determination Date, the Original Reference Rate applicable to the 
immediate following Reset Period shall be equal to the last observable Original Reference 
Rate on the Relevant Screen Page, as determined by the Calculation Agent (where 
applicable) or otherwise the provisions of Condition 4.1 shall apply. 
For the avoidance of doubt, any adjustment pursuant to this final paragraph of Condition 
4.6 shall apply to the immediately following Reset Period only. Any subsequent Reset 
Period may be subject to the subsequent operation of this Condition 4.6. 
(c) 
If the Independent Adviser determines in its discretion that: 
(A) 
there is a Successor Rate, then such Successor Rate shall (subject to adjustment 
as provided in Condition 4.6(d)) subsequently be used in place of the Original

--- Page 128 ---
- 120 - 
 
 
Reference Rate to determine the Rate of Interest for the immediately following 
Reset Period and all following Reset Periods, subject to the subsequent operation 
of this Condition 4.6; or 
(B) 
there is no Successor Rate but that there is an Alternative Rate, then such 
Alternative Rate shall (subject to adjustment as provided in Condition 4.6(d)) 
subsequently be used in place of the Original Reference Rate to determine the 
Rate of Interest for the immediately following Reset Period and all following 
Reset Periods, subject to the subsequent operation of this Condition 4.6. 
(d) 
If a Successor Rate or Alternative Rate is determined in accordance with Condition 4.6(c), 
the Independent Adviser shall determine an Adjustment Spread (which may be expressed 
as a specified quantum or a formula or methodology for determining the applicable 
Adjustment Spread), which Adjustment Spread shall be applied to the Successor Rate or 
the Alternative Rate (as the case may be), subject to the subsequent further operation and 
adjustment as provided in this Condition 4.6. For the avoidance of doubt, an Adjustment 
Spread may be positive, negative or zero. 
(e) 
If any relevant Successor Rate, Alternative Rate or Adjustment Spread is determined in 
accordance with this Condition 4.6 and the Independent Adviser determines in its 
discretion: 
(A) 
that amendments to these Conditions, the Trust Deed, the Interbolsa Instrument 
and/or the Agency Agreement are necessary to ensure the proper operation of 
such Successor Rate, Alternative Rate and/or Adjustment Spread (such 
amendments, the "Benchmark Amendments"); and 
(B) 
the terms of the Benchmark Amendments, 
then EDP shall, subject to giving notice thereof in accordance with Condition 4.6(f), 
without any requirement for the consent or approval of relevant Holders, vary these 
Conditions, the Trust Deed, the Interbolsa Instrument or the Agency Agreement to give 
effect to such Benchmark Amendments with effect from the date specified in such notice. 
The Trustee, the Calculation Agent and the Issue and Paying Agent shall, at the request 
and expense of EDP and without the requirement for any consent or approval of the 
Holders, concur with EDP in effecting any Benchmark Amendments as may be required 
in order to give effect to this Condition 4.6(e), subject to receipt by the Trustee of the 
certificate referred to in Condition 4.6(g) below, provided however, that neither the 
Trustee, the Calculation Agent nor the Issue and Paying Agent shall be obliged so to 
concur if in the reasonable opinion of the Trustee, the Calculation Agent or the Issue and 
Paying Agent (as applicable) doing so would have the effect of imposing more onerous 
obligations upon it or expose it to any additional duties, responsibilities or liabilities or 
reduce or amend the protective provisions in these Terms and Conditions, the Agency 
Agreement or the Trust Deed. 
(f) 
Any Successor Rate, Alternative Rate, Adjustment Spread and the specific terms of any 
Benchmark Amendments, determined under this Condition 4.6 will be notified promptly 
by the Issuer to the Trustee, the Paying Agents, the Calculation Agent and, in accordance 
with Condition 12 (Notices), the Holders. Such notice shall be irrevocable and shall 
specify the effective date of the Benchmark Amendments, if any. 
(g) 
No later than notifying the Trustee of the same, the Issuer shall deliver to the Trustee a 
certificate signed by two of its Directors: 
(A) 
confirming (x) that a Benchmark Event has occurred, (y) the relevant Successor 
Rate, or, as the case may be, the relevant Alternative Rate and, (z) where 
applicable, any relevant Adjustment Spread and/or the specific terms of any 
relevant Benchmark Amendments, in each case as determined in accordance with 
the provisions of this Condition 4.6; and

--- Page 129 ---
- 121 - 
 
 
(B) 
certifying that the relevant Benchmark Amendments are necessary to ensure the 
proper operation of such relevant Successor Rate, Alternative Rate and/or 
Adjustment Spread. 
The Trustee shall be entitled to rely on such certificate (without further enquiry and 
without liability to any person) as sufficient evidence thereof. 
(h) 
The Successor Rate or Alternative Rate and the Adjustment Spread (if any) and the 
Benchmark Amendments (if any) specified in such certificate will (in the absence of 
manifest error in the determination of such Successor Rate or Alternative Rate and such 
Adjustment Spread (if any) and such Benchmark Amendments (if any)) be binding on the 
Issuer, the Trustee, the Paying Agents, the Calculation Agent and the Holders. 
(i) 
Without prejudice to the obligations of EDP under Condition 4.6(b), (c), (d) and (e), the 
Original Reference Rate and the fallback provisions provided for in Condition 4.1 (Interest 
on Subordinated Instruments) will continue to apply unless and until the Calculation 
Agent or the person specified in the Final Terms as the party responsible for calculating 
the Rate of Interest has been notified of the Successor Rate or the Alternative Rate (as the 
case may be), the applicable Adjustment Spread and Benchmark Amendments (if 
applicable), in accordance with Condition 4.6(f) 
(j) 
If, in the case of any Benchmark Event, any Successor Rate, Alternative Rate and/or 
Adjustment Spread is notified to the Calculation Agent pursuant to Condition 4.6(f), and 
the Calculation Agent is in any way uncertain as to the application of such Successor Rate, 
Alternative Rate and/or Adjustment Spread in the calculation or determination of any Rate 
of Interest (or any component part thereof), it shall promptly notify the Issuer thereof and 
the Issuer shall direct the Calculation Agent in writing (which direction may be by way of 
a written determination of an Independent Advisor) as to which course of action to adopt 
in the application of such Successor Rate, Alternative Rate and/or Adjustment Spread in 
the determination of such Rate of Interest. If the Calculation Agent is not promptly 
provided with such direction, or is otherwise unable to make such calculation or 
determination for any reason, it shall notify the Issuer thereof and the Calculation Agent 
shall be under no obligation to make such calculation or determination and shall not incur 
any liability for not doing so. For the avoidance of doubt, for the period that the Calculation 
Agent remains uncertain of the application of the Successor Rate, Alternative Rate and/or 
Adjustment Spread in the calculation or determination of any Rate of Interest (or any 
component part thereof), the Original Reference Rate and the fallback provisions provided 
for in Condition 4.1 (Interest on Subordinated Instruments) will continue to apply. 
(k) 
No Successor Rate or Alternative Rate will be adopted, nor any Adjustment Spread 
applied, nor will any Benchmark Amendments be made, if and to the extent that, in the  
determination of the Issuer, the same could reasonably be expected to cause a Rating 
Agency Event to occur. 
In this Condition 4.6, "Original Reference Rate" means the originally specified benchmark or 
screen rate (as applicable) used to determine the relevant Rate of Interest (or any component part 
thereof) on the Subordinated Instruments and, where the context so permits, includes any Successor 
Rate or Alternative Rate that has replaced the Original Reference Rate. As used in this Condition 
4.6: 
"Adjustment Spread" means either a spread (which may be positive, negative or zero), or the 
formula or methodology for calculating a spread, in either case, which the Independent Adviser 
determines is required to be applied to the relevant Successor Rate or the relevant Alternative Rate 
(as the case may be) to reduce or eliminate, to the extent reasonably practicable in the 
circumstances, any economic prejudice or benefit (as the case may be) to Holders as a result of the 
replacement of the Original Reference Rate with the Successor Rate or the Alternative Rate (as the 
case may be) and is the spread, formula or methodology which: 
(A) 
in the case of a Successor Rate, is formally recommended in relation to the replacement 
of the Original Reference Rate with the Successor Rate by any Relevant Nominating 
Body; or

--- Page 130 ---
- 122 - 
 
 
(B) 
(if no such recommendation has been made, or in the case of an Alternative Rate), the 
Independent Adviser determines is customarily applied to the relevant Successor Rate or 
Alternative Rate (as the case may be) in international debt capital markets transactions to 
produce an industry-accepted replacement rate for the Original Reference Rate; or 
(C) 
(if no such recommendation has been made, or in the case of an Alternative Rate) the 
Independent Adviser determines is recognised or acknowledged as being the industry 
standard for over-the-counter derivative transactions which reference the Original 
Reference Rate, where such rate has been replaced by the Successor Rate or the 
Alternative Rate (as the case may be); or 
(D) 
(if the Independent Adviser determines that no such industry standard is recognised or 
acknowledged) the Independent Adviser determines to be appropriate. 
"Alternative Rate" means an alternative benchmark or screen rate which the Independent Adviser 
determines in accordance with Condition 4.6(c) has replaced the Original Reference Rate (or the 
relevant component part thereof) in customary in market usage in the international debt capital 
markets for the purposes of determining rates of interest (or the relevant component part thereof) 
in the Specified Currency. 
"Benchmark Event" means: 
(A) 
the relevant Original Reference Rate has ceased to be published on the Relevant Screen 
Page as a result of such benchmark ceasing to be calculated or administered; or 
(B) 
a public statement by the administrator of the relevant Original Reference Rate that it has 
ceased, or will, by a specified date within the following six months, cease, publishing such 
Original Reference Rate permanently or indefinitely (in circumstances where no successor 
administrator has been appointed that will continue publication of such Original Reference 
Rate); or 
(C) 
a public statement by the supervisor of the administrator of the relevant Original Reference 
Rate that such Original Reference Rate has been or will, by a specified date within the 
following six months, be permanently or indefinitely discontinued; or 
(D) 
a public statement by the supervisor of the administrator of the relevant Original Reference 
Rate that means that such Original Reference Rate will, by a specified date within the 
following six months, be prohibited from being used or that its use will be subject to 
restrictions or adverse consequences, either generally or in respect of the Subordinated 
Instruments; or 
(E) 
a public statement by the supervisor of the administrator of the relevant Original Reference 
Rate that, in the view of such supervisor, such Original Reference Rate is no longer 
representative of an underlying market; or 
(F) 
it has or will, by a specified date within the following six months, become unlawful for 
the Calculation Agent to calculate any payments due to be made to any Holder using the 
relevant Original Reference Rate (as applicable) (including, without limitation, under the 
Benchmarks Regulation (EU) 2016/1011, if applicable). 
"Independent Adviser" means an independent financial institution of international repute or other 
independent financial adviser experienced in the international capital markets, in each case 
appointed by EDP at its own expense under Condition 4.6(b). 
"Relevant Nominating Body" means, in respect of a benchmark or screen rate (as applicable): 
(A) 
the central bank for the currency to which the benchmark or screen rate (as applicable) 
relates, or any central bank or other supervisory authority which is responsible for 
supervising the administrator of the benchmark or screen rate (as applicable); or 
(B) 
any working group or committee sponsored by, chaired or co-chaired by or constituted at 
the request of (a) the central bank for the currency to which the benchmark or screen rate

--- Page 131 ---
- 123 - 
 
 
(as applicable) relates, (b) any central bank or other supervisory authority which is 
responsible for supervising the administrator of the benchmark or screen rate (as 
applicable), (c) a group of the aforementioned central banks or other supervisory 
authorities or (d) the Financial Stability Board or any part thereof. 
"Successor Rate" means a successor to or replacement of the Original Reference Rate which is 
formally recommended by any Relevant Nominating Body. 
5. 
Payments 
5.1 
Method of payment: Subject and except as provided below: 
(i) 
payments in a Specified Currency other than euro will be made by credit or transfer to an 
account in the relevant Specified Currency; and 
(ii) 
payments in euro will be made by credit or transfer to a euro account (or any other account 
to which euro may be credited or transferred). 
Subject always to Condition 7 (Taxation), payments will be subject in all cases to (i) any fiscal or 
other laws and regulations applicable thereto in the place of payment and (ii) any withholding or 
deduction required pursuant to an agreement described in Section 1471(b) of the U.S. Internal 
Revenue Code of 1986 (the "Code") or otherwise imposed pursuant to Sections 1471 through 1474 
of the Code, any regulations or agreements thereunder, any official interpretations thereof, or any 
law implementing an intergovernmental approach thereto. 
5.2 
Payment to registered account of the holders: Payments in respect of the Subordinated Instruments 
will be made by transfer to the registered account of the Holders maintained by or on behalf of 
them with a bank that processes payments in the relevant currency, details of which appear in the 
records of the relevant Affiliate Members of Interbolsa at the close of business on the Payment 
Day (as defined in Condition 5.3 (Payment Day) below) before the due date for payment of 
principal and/or interest. 
5.3 
Payment Day: If the date for payment of any amount in respect of any Subordinated Instrument is 
not a Payment Day, the Holder thereof shall not be entitled to payment until the next following 
Payment Day in the relevant place and shall not be entitled to further interest or other payment in 
respect of such delay. For these purposes, "Payment Day" means any day which (subject to 
Condition 8 (Prescription)) is: 
(i) 
a day on which commercial banks and foreign exchange markets settle payments and are 
open for general business (including dealing in foreign exchange and foreign currency 
deposits) in each Additional Financial Centre specified in the Final Terms and in Portugal; 
and 
(ii) 
either (1) in relation to any sum payable in a Specified Currency other than euro, a day on 
which commercial banks and foreign exchange markets settle payments and are open for 
general business (including dealing in foreign exchange and foreign currency deposits) in 
the principal financial centre of the country of the relevant Specified Currency (if other 
than the place of presentation, and any Additional Financial Centre) or (2) in relation to 
any sum payable in euro, a day on which the TARGET 2 System is open. 
5.4 
Interpretation of principal and interest: Any reference in these Terms and Conditions to principal 
in respect of the Subordinated Instruments shall be deemed to include, as applicable: 
(i) 
any additional amounts which may be payable with respect to principal under Condition 
7 (Taxation) or under any undertakings or covenants given in addition thereto or in 
substitution therefor pursuant to the Trust Deed; 
(ii) 
the Final Redemption Amount of the Subordinated Instruments; 
(iii) 
the Early Redemption Amount (Additional Amounts) of the Subordinated Instruments; 
(iv) 
the Early Redemption Amount (Tax or Rating Agency) of the Subordinated Instruments;

--- Page 132 ---
- 124 - 
 
 
(v) 
the Early Redemption Amount (Change of Control) of the Subordinated Instruments; 
(vi) 
the Early Redemption Amount (Event of Default) of the Subordinated Instruments; 
(vii) 
the Optional Redemption Amount(s) (if any) of the Subordinated Instruments; and 
(viii) 
any premium and any other amounts which may be payable by the Issuer under or in 
respect of the Subordinated Instruments. 
Any reference in these Terms and Conditions to interest (including in relation to any Deferred 
Interest Payments and any additional interest on such Deferred Interest Payments) in respect of the 
Subordinated Instruments shall be deemed to include, as applicable, any additional amounts which 
may be payable with respect to interest under Condition 7 (Taxation) or under any undertakings or 
covenants given in addition thereto or in substitution thereof pursuant to the Trust Deed. 
6. 
Redemption and Purchase 
6.1 
Redemption at maturity: Unless previously redeemed or purchased and cancelled as specified 
below, each Subordinated Instrument will be redeemed by the Issuer at its outstanding nominal 
amount together with any outstanding Deferred Interest Payments in the relevant Specified 
Currency on the Maturity Date. 
6.2 
Redemption for tax reasons: Subject to Condition 6.7 (Early Redemption Amounts), the 
Subordinated Instruments may be redeemed at the option of the Issuer in whole, but not in part, at 
any time, on giving not less than 10 nor more than 60 days' notice to the Trustee, the Issue and 
Paying Agent and, in accordance with Condition 12 (Notices), the Holders (which notice shall be 
irrevocable), if the Issuer satisfies the Trustee immediately prior to the giving of such notice that: 
(i) 
on the occasion of the next payment due under the Subordinated Instruments, the Issuer 
has or will become obliged to pay additional amounts as provided or referred to in 
Condition 7 (Taxation) as a result of any change in, or amendment to, the laws or 
regulations of the relevant Tax Jurisdiction (as defined in Condition 7 (Taxation)) or any 
political subdivision of, or any authority in, or of, the relevant Tax Jurisdiction having 
power to tax, or any change in the application or official interpretation of such laws or 
regulations, which change or amendment becomes effective on or after the date on which 
agreement is reached to issue the first Tranche of the Subordinated Instruments; and 
(ii) 
such obligation cannot be avoided by the Issuer taking reasonable measures available to 
it, 
provided that no such notice of redemption shall be given earlier than 90 days prior to the earliest 
date on which the Issuer would be obliged to pay such additional amounts were a payment in 
respect of the Subordinated Instruments then due. 
Prior to the publication of any notice of redemption pursuant to this Condition 6.2, the Issuer shall 
deliver to the Trustee (1) a certificate signed by two Directors of EDP stating that the Issuer is 
entitled to effect such redemption and setting forth a statement of facts showing that the conditions 
precedent to the right of the Issuer so to redeem have occurred and (2) an opinion of independent 
legal advisers of recognised standing to the effect that the Issuer has or will become obliged to pay 
such additional amounts as a result of such change or amendment and the Trustee shall be entitled 
to accept such certificate and opinion as sufficient evidence of the satisfaction of the conditions 
precedent set out above in which event they shall be conclusive and binding on the Holders. 
Subordinated Instruments redeemed pursuant to this Condition 6.2 will be redeemed at their Early 
Redemption Amount (Additional Amounts) referred to in Condition 6.7 (Early Redemption 
Amounts) below together (if appropriate) with interest accrued to but excluding the date of 
redemption and any outstanding Deferred Interest Payments.

--- Page 133 ---
- 125 - 
 
 
6.3 
Redemption at the option of the Issuer (Issuer Call): If Issuer Call is specified as being applicable 
in the Final Terms, the Issuer may, having given: 
(i) 
not less than 10 days nor more than 60 days' notice to the Holders in accordance with 
Condition 12 (Notices); and 
(ii) 
not less than 15 days before the giving of the notice referred to in (i), notice to the Issue 
and Paying Agent and the Trustee; 
(which notices shall be irrevocable and shall specify the date fixed for redemption), redeem all or, 
if so provided, some only of the Subordinated Instruments at any time or from time to time on the 
relevant Optional Redemption Date at, unless otherwise specified in the Final Terms, the Optional 
Redemption Amount together, if appropriate, with any interest accrued on the Subordinated 
Instruments to, but excluding, the Optional Redemption Date and any outstanding Deferred Interest 
Payments. Any such redemption must be of a nominal amount not less than the Minimum 
Redemption Amount and not more than the Maximum Redemption Amount, in each case as may 
be specified in the Final Terms. 
The Optional Redemption Amount will either be the specified percentage of the nominal amount 
of the Subordinated Instruments stated in the Final Terms or, if Make-Whole Redemption Amount 
is specified in the Final Terms, will be calculated by the Determination Agent and will be the 
greater of (x) 100 per cent. of the principal amount of the Subordinated Instruments so redeemed 
and (y) the sum of the then present values of each remaining scheduled payments of principal and 
interest on such Subordinated Instruments to maturity or (if earlier and applicable) the next 
occurring date on which the Subordinated Instruments may be redeemed pursuant to this Condition 
6.3 at their principal amount (not including any interest accrued on the Subordinated Instruments 
to, but excluding, the relevant Optional Redemption Date or any outstanding Deferred Interest 
Payments) discounted to the relevant Optional Redemption Date on an annual basis at the Make-
Whole Redemption Rate plus the Make-Whole Redemption Margin, if any, specified in the Final 
Terms. 
Partial Redemption of Subordinated Instruments shall be made in accordance with the applicable 
Interbolsa rules. 
All Subordinated Instruments in respect of which any such notice of redemption is given shall be 
redeemed on the date specified in such notice in accordance with this Condition 6.3. 
For the purposes of this Condition 6.3: 
"Determination Agent" means an independent adviser, investment bank or financial institution of 
recognised standing selected by the Issuer; 
"Make-Whole Redemption Rate" means, with respect to any date of redemption, the rate per 
annum equal to the annual or semi-annual yield (as the case may be) to maturity or interpolated 
yield to maturity (on the relevant day count basis) of the Reference Bond, assuming a price for the 
Reference Bond (expressed as a percentage of its nominal amount) equal to the Reference Bond 
Price for such date of redemption; 
"Reference Bond" shall be as set out in the Final Terms or, if no such bond is set out in the Final 
Terms or if such bond is no longer outstanding, shall be the Selected Reference Bond; 
"Reference Bond Price" means, with respect to any date of redemption, (A) the arithmetic average 
of the Reference Government Bond Dealer Quotations for such date of redemption, after excluding 
the highest and lowest such Reference Government Bond Dealer Quotations, or (B) if the 
Determination Agent obtains fewer than four such Reference Government Bond Dealer 
Quotations, the arithmetic average of all such quotations; 
"Reference Date" will be set out in the relevant notice of redemption; 
"Reference Government Bond Dealer" means each of five banks selected by the Issuer (or the 
Determination Agent, acting at its request), or their affiliates, which are (A) primary government

--- Page 134 ---
- 126 - 
 
 
securities dealers, and their respective successors, or (B) market makers in pricing corporate bond 
issues; 
"Reference Government Bond Dealer Quotations" mean, with respect to each Reference 
Government Bond Dealer and any date for redemption, the arithmetic average, as determined by 
the Determination Agent, of the bid and offered prices for the Reference Bond (expressed in each 
case as a percentage of its nominal amount) at the Quotation Time specified in the Final Terms on 
the Reference Date quoted in writing to the Determination Agent by such Reference Government 
Bond Dealer; 
"Selected Reference Bond" means a government security or securities selected by the 
Determination Agent as having an actual or interpolated maturity comparable to either the 
remaining term of the Subordinated Instruments or (if earlier and applicable) the next occurring 
date on which the Subordinated Instruments may be redeemed pursuant to this Condition 6.3 at 
their principal amount, that would be utilised, at the time of selection and in accordance with 
customary financial practice, in pricing new issues of corporate debt securities denominated in the 
same currency as the Subordinated Instruments and of a comparable maturity to either the 
remaining term of the Subordinated Instruments or (if earlier and applicable) the next occurring 
date on which the Subordinated Instruments may be redeemed pursuant to this Condition 6.3 at 
their principal amount. 
6.4 
Redemption at the option of the Issuer (Clean-up Call): If Clean-up Call is specified as being 
applicable in the Final Terms, in the event that Subordinated Instruments representing an aggregate 
amount equal to or exceeding the Minimum Percentage (as specified in the Final Terms, being a 
percentage of the initial aggregate principal amount of that particular Series of Subordinated 
Instruments (including any Subordinated Instruments which have been consolidated and form a 
single Series therewith)) have been purchased by EDP or any subsidiary of EDP and cancelled or 
redeemed by the Issuer, the Issuer may, having given: 
(i) 
not less than 10 days nor more than 60 days' notice to the Holders in accordance with 
Condition 12 (Notices); and 
(ii) 
not less than 15 days before the giving of the notice referred to in (i), notice to the Issue 
and Paying Agent and the Trustee; 
(which notices shall be irrevocable and shall specify the date fixed for redemption), redeem the 
Subordinated Instruments then outstanding in whole (but not in part) on any Optional Redemption 
Date and at the Optional Redemption Amount(s) specified in the Final Terms together, if 
appropriate, with interest accrued to but excluding the relevant Optional Redemption Date and any 
outstanding Deferred Interest Payments. 
All Subordinated Instruments in respect of which any such notice of redemption is given shall be 
redeemed on the date specified in such notice in accordance with this Condition 6.4. 
6.5 
Early redemption due to a Tax Event or a Rating Agency Event: Subject to Condition 6.7 (Early 
Redemption Amounts), if a Tax Event or a Rating Agency Event occurs, the Issuer may redeem the 
Subordinated Instruments in whole (but not in part) at any time at the Early Redemption Amount 
(Tax or Rating Agency) referred to in Condition 6.7 (Early Redemption Amounts) below together 
(if appropriate) with interest accrued to but excluding the date of redemption and any outstanding 
Deferred Interest Payments on the giving of not less than 10 and not more than 60 calendar days' 
irrevocable notice of redemption to the Holders in accordance with Condition 12 (Notices) and to 
the Trustee and Issue and Paying Agent (which notice shall be irrevocable). 
In the case of a Tax Event: (i) no such notice of redemption may be given earlier than 90 calendar 
days prior to the earliest calendar day on which payments by the Issuer on the Subordinated 
Instruments would no longer be fully deductible for Portuguese corporate income tax purposes 
were a payment in respect of the Subordinated Instruments then due; and (ii) prior to the giving of 
any such notice of redemption, the Issuer shall obtain an opinion from an independent legal adviser 
or recognised independent tax counsel which states that a Tax Event has occurred and deliver it to 
the Issue and Paying Agent for inspection by Holders during normal business hours.

--- Page 135 ---
- 127 - 
 
 
In these Terms and Conditions: 
a "Tax Event" will occur if, as a result of: 
(i) 
any amendment to, or change in, the laws (or any rules or regulations thereunder) of the 
relevant Tax Jurisdiction or any political subdivision or any taxing authority thereof or 
therein, or the way in which the Subordinated Instruments are recorded in the consolidated 
financial statements of the Issuer due to a change or amendment in applicable accounting 
standards, which is enacted, promulgated, issued or otherwise becomes effective on or 
after the Issue Date of the last Tranche of the Subordinated Instruments; or 
(ii) 
any amendment to, or change in, an official and binding interpretation of any such laws, 
rules or regulations by any legislative body, court, governmental agency or regulatory 
authority (including the enactment of any legislation and the publication of any judicial 
decision or regulatory determination) which is enacted, promulgated, issued or otherwise 
becomes effective on or after the Issue Date of the last Tranche of the Subordinated 
Instruments; or 
(iii) 
any new official interpretation or pronouncement with respect to such laws or regulations 
or a generally applicable official interpretation or pronouncement that provides for a 
position with respect to such laws or regulations that differs from the previous generally 
accepted position which is issued or announced on or after the Issue Date of the last 
Tranche of the Subordinated Instruments, 
payments by the Issuer on the Subordinated Instruments would or will no longer be fully deductible 
by the Issuer for corporate income tax purposes in the relevant Tax Jurisdiction and such risk 
cannot be avoided by the Issuer taking reasonable measures available to it. 
A "Rating Agency Event" shall occur if the Issuer has received confirmation from any Rating 
Agency that, due to any amendment to, clarification of, or change in the assessment criteria under 
its hybrid capital methodology or in the interpretation thereof, in each case occurring or becoming 
effective after the Issue Date of the last Tranche of the Subordinated Instruments, any or all of the 
Subordinated Instruments will no longer be eligible (or if the Subordinated Instruments have been 
partially or fully re-financed since the Issue Date of the last Tranche of the Subordinated 
Instruments and are no longer eligible for equity credit from such Rating Agency in part or in full 
as a result, any or all of the Subordinated Instruments would no longer have been eligible as a result 
of such amendment to, clarification of or, change in the assessment criteria or in the interpretation 
thereof had they not been re-financed) for the same or a higher amount of "equity credit" as was 
attributed to the Subordinated Instruments as at the Issue Date of the last Tranche of the 
Subordinated Instruments (or, if equity credit is not assigned to the Subordinated Instruments by 
the relevant Rating Agency on the Issue Date of the last Tranche of the Subordinated Instruments, 
the date on which equity credit is assigned by such Rating Agency for the first time). 
6.6 
Redemption upon a Change of Control: Subject to Condition 6.7 (Early Redemption Amounts), the 
Subordinated Instruments may be redeemed at the option of the Issuer in whole, but not in part, at 
any time, on giving not less than 10 nor more than 60 day' notice to the Trustee, the Issue and 
Paying Agent and, in accordance with Condition 12 (Notices), the Holders (which notice shall be 
irrevocable), if a Change of Control Event occurs. 
Such notice of redemption may only be given simultaneously with or after a notification by the 
Issuer in accordance with Condition 12 (Notices) that a Change of Control Event has occurred. 
Subordinated Instruments redeemed pursuant to this Condition 6.6 will be redeemed at their Early 
Redemption Amount (Change of Control) referred to in Condition 6.7 (Early Redemption 
Amounts) below together (if appropriate) with interest accrued to but excluding the date of 
redemption and any outstanding Deferred Interest Payments. 
If a Change of Control Event occurs in respect of which the Issuer intends to deliver a notice 
exercising its right to redeem the Subordinated Instruments, the Issuer intends (without thereby 
assuming a legal obligation) as soon as reasonably practicable following such Change of Control

--- Page 136 ---
- 128 - 
 
 
Event to make sure an offer to all holders of the Relevant Securities to repurchase their respective 
securities at the lower of: 
(a) 
their respective market values; and 
(b) 
their respective aggregate nominal amounts together with any distribution accrued until 
the day of completion of the repurchase. 
The Issuer will make such tender offer in such a way as to ensure that the repurchase of any such 
Relevant Securities tendered to it will be effected prior to any redemption of the Subordinated 
Instruments. 
"Relevant Securities" means any current or future indebtedness of the Issuer to Senior Creditors 
in the form of, or represented or evidenced by, bonds, notes debentures or other similar securities 
or instruments (or a guarantee, keep well agreement or support undertaking in respect thereof) 
which does not include protection for the holders thereof (for example, in the form of a put option) 
in the event of a change of control of the Issuer (however defined). 
"Senior Creditors" means all unsubordinated creditors, present and future, of the Issuer and all 
subordinated creditors of the Issuer other than those whose claims (whether only in the event of 
the winding-up or insolvency of the Issuer or otherwise) rank, or are expressed to rank, pari passu 
with or junior to the claims of the Holders. 
For the purposes of these Terms and Conditions: 
A "Change of Control Event" shall occur if a Change of Control results in a Rating Downgrade 
within the Change of Control Period. 
A "Change of Control" shall be deemed to have occurred at each time (whether or not approved 
by the Executive Board of Directors or General and Supervisory Board of EDP) that any person 
(or persons) ("Relevant Person(s)") acting in concert or any person or persons acting on behalf of 
any such Relevant Person(s), at any time directly or indirectly: 
(i) 
acquires or becomes entitled to exercise control over EDP; or 
(ii) 
acquires or owns, directly or indirectly more than 50 per cent. of the issued voting share 
capital of EDP, 
provided that the foregoing shall not include the control, or ownership of issued voting share 
capital, exercisable by and/or owned by the Portuguese Republic, or by the Portuguese Republic 
and/or by any entity or entities (together or individually) controlled by the Portuguese Republic 
from time to time, or in respect of which the Portuguese Republic owns directly or indirectly more 
than 50 per cent. of the issued voting share capital. 
A Change of Control shall not be deemed to have occurred if the shareholders of the Relevant 
Person(s) are also, or immediately prior to the event which would otherwise constitute a Change 
of Control were, all of the shareholders of EDP. 
"Change of Control Period" means the period ending 120 days after the Date of Announcement. 
"Date of Announcement" means the date of the public announcement that a Change of Control 
has occurred. 
"Investment Grade Rating" means a rating of at least BBB- (or equivalent thereof) in the case of 
S&P or a rating of at least BBB- (or equivalent thereof) in the case of Fitch or a rating of at least 
Baa3 (or equivalent thereof) in the case of Moody's or the equivalent in the case of any other Rating 
Agency. 
"Investment Grade Securities" means Rated Securities which have an Investment Grade Rating 
from each Rating Agency that assigns a rating to such Rated Securities.

--- Page 137 ---
- 129 - 
 
 
"Rated Securities" means: 
(i) 
securities specified as such in the Final Terms; or 
(ii) 
such other comparable long-term debt of the Issuer or any Subsidiary selected by the Issuer 
from time to time for the purpose of this definition which possesses a rating by any Rating 
Agency. 
"Rating Agency" means (a) for the purpose of Condition 4.5 (Increase in Rate of Interest), S&P 
Global Ratings Europe Limited (French Branch) ("S&P"), Fitch Ratings Limited ("Fitch") and 
Moody's Investors Services Limited ("Moody's") or any of their respective successors or any other 
rating agency of equivalent international standing specified from time to time by EDP; and (b) for 
the purposes of Condition 6.6 (Redemption upon a Change of Control Event), any of S&P, Fitch 
or Moody's. 
"Rating Downgrade" means either: 
(i) 
within the Change of Control Period: 
(a) 
any rating assigned to the Rated Securities is withdrawn; or 
(b) 
(if the Rated Securities are Investment Grade Securities as at the Date of 
Announcement) the Rated Securities cease to be Investment Grade Securities; or 
(c) 
(if the rating assigned to the Rated Securities by any Rating Agency which is 
current at the Date of Announcement is below an Investment Grade Rating) that 
rating is lowered one full rating notch by any Rating Agency (for example from 
BB+ to BB by S&P or Fitch and Ba1 to Ba2 by Moody's or such similar lower of 
equivalent rating), 
provided that no Rating Downgrade shall occur by virtue of a particular withdrawal of 
or reduction in rating unless the Rating Agency withdrawing or making the reduction in 
the rating announces or confirms that the withdrawal or reduction was the result, in whole 
or in part, of the relevant Change of Control; or 
(ii) 
if at the time of the Date of Announcement, there are no Rated Securities and either: 
(a) 
EDP does not use all reasonable endeavours to obtain, within 45 days of the Date 
of Announcement, from a Rating Agency a rating for the Rated Securities; or 
(b) 
if EDP does use such endeavours, but, as a result of such Change of Control, at 
the expiry of the Change of Control Period there are still no Investment Grade 
Securities and the Rating Agency announces or confirms in writing that its 
declining to assign an Investment Grade Rating was the result, in whole or in part, 
of the relevant Change of Control. 
6.7 
Early Redemption Amounts: For the purpose of Condition 6.2 (Redemption for tax reasons), 
Condition 6.5 (Early Redemption due to a Tax Event or a Rating Agency Event), Condition 6.6 
(Redemption upon a Change of Control Event) above and Condition 9 (Events of Default), each 
Subordinated Instrument will be redeemed at the specified early redemption amount (the "Early 
Redemption Amount") (which shall be, as applicable, the Early Redemption Amount (Additional 
Amounts), the Early Redemption Amount (Tax or Rating Agency), the Early Redemption Amount 
(Change of Control) or the Early Redemption Amount (Event of Default) calculated at the amount 
specified in the Final Terms or, if no such amount is so specified in the Final Terms, at its nominal 
amount. 
Where such calculation is to be made for a period which is not a whole number of years, it shall be 
made on the basis of the Day Count Fraction specified in the Final Terms which will be either (1) 
30/360 (in which case the numerator will be equal to the number of days (calculated on the basis 
of a 360-day year consisting of 12 months of 30 days each) from (and including) the Issue Date of 
the first Tranche of the Subordinated Instruments to (but excluding) the date fixed for redemption 
or (as the case may be) the date upon which such Subordinated Instrument becomes due and

--- Page 138 ---
- 130 - 
 
 
repayable and the denominator will be 360) or (2) Actual/360 (in which case the numerator will be 
equal to the actual number of days from (and including) the Issue Date of the first Tranche of the 
Subordinated Instruments to (but excluding) the date fixed for redemption or (as the case may be) 
the date upon which such Subordinated Instrument becomes due and repayable and the 
denominator will be 360) or (3) Actual/365 (in which case the numerator will be equal to the actual 
number of days from (and including) the Issue Date of the first Tranche of the Subordinated 
Instruments to (but excluding) the date fixed for redemption or (as the case may be) the date upon 
which such Subordinated Instrument becomes due and repayable and the denominator will be 365). 
6.8 
Purchases: EDP or any subsidiary of EDP may at any time purchase Subordinated Instruments at 
any price in the open market or otherwise. Such Subordinated Instruments may be held, reissued, 
resold or, at the option of EDP or the relevant subsidiary of EDP, surrendered to any Paying Agent 
for cancellation. 
6.9 
Cancellation: All Subordinated Instruments which are redeemed will forthwith be cancelled in 
accordance with Interbolsa regulations. All Subordinated Instruments so cancelled and Instruments 
purchased and cancelled pursuant to Condition 6.8 (Purchases) above cannot be reissued or resold. 
6.10 
No Holder right of redemption 
A holder does not have the right to (a) require any Subordinated Instrument to be declared due and 
payable (without prejudice to Condition 9 (Events of Default) and/or (b) require the Issuer to 
redeem the Subordinated Instruments. 
7. 
Taxation 
All payments of principal and interest in respect of the Subordinated Instruments by or on behalf 
of the Issuer will be made without withholding or deduction for or on account of any present or 
future taxes or duties of whatever nature imposed or levied by or on behalf of the relevant Tax 
Jurisdiction unless such withholding or deduction is required by law. In such event, the Issuer will 
pay such additional amounts as shall be necessary in order that the net amounts received by the 
Holders of the Subordinated Instruments after such withholding or deduction shall equal the 
respective amounts of principal and interest which would otherwise have been receivable in respect 
of the Subordinated Instruments in the absence of such withholding or deduction; except that no 
such additional amounts shall be payable with respect to any Subordinated Instrument: 
(i) 
presented for payment by or on behalf of a Beneficial Owner who is liable for such taxes 
or duties in respect of such Subordinated Instrument by reason of his having some 
connection with the relevant Tax Jurisdiction other than the mere holding of such 
Subordinated Instrument; 
(ii) 
presented for payment by or on behalf of a Beneficial Owner of Instruments, who would 
not be liable for or subject to the withholding or deduction by making a declaration of non-
residence or other similar claim for exemption to the relevant tax authority; 
(iii) 
presented for payment by or on behalf of a Beneficial Owner of Subordinated Instruments 
in respect of whom the information required in order to comply with the special tax regime 
approved by Decree-Law no. 193/2005 of 7 November ("Decree-Law no. 193/2005"), 
and any implementing legislation, is not received prior to the Relevant Date; 
(iv) 
presented for payment by or on behalf of a Beneficial Owner of Subordinated Instruments 
resident for tax purposes in the Tax Jurisdiction, or a resident in a country, territory or 
region subject to clearly a more favourable tax regime included in the list approved by 
Order no. 150/2004, of 13 February 2004 (Portaria do Ministro das Finanças e da 
Administração Pública no. 150/2004) as amended from time to time, issued by the 
Portuguese Minister of Finance and Public Administration, with the exception of (a) 
central banks and governmental agencies as well as international institutions recognised 
by the Tax Jurisdiction of those tax haven jurisdictions and (b) tax haven jurisdictions 
which have a double taxation treaty in force or a tax information exchange agreement in 
force with Portugal, provided that all procedures and all information required under 
Decree-Law no. 193/2005 regarding (a) and (b) above are complied with;

--- Page 139 ---
- 131 - 
 
 
(v) 
presented for payment by or on behalf of (1) a Portuguese resident legal entity subject to 
Portuguese corporation tax (with the exception of entities that benefit from a Portuguese 
withholding tax waiver or from Portuguese income tax exemptions), or (2) a non-resident 
legal person with a permanent establishment in Portugal to which the income or gains 
obtained from the Subordinated Instruments are attributable (with the exception of entities 
which benefit from a Portuguese withholding tax waiver); 
(vi) 
presented for payment by or on behalf of, a Holder (i) in respect to whom the information 
and documentation required by Portuguese law in order to comply with any applicable tax 
treaty is not received by the Issuer or by the Portuguese Paying Agent directly from the 
Holders before the date by which such documentation is to be provided to the Issuer under 
Portuguese law, and (ii) who is resident in one of the contracting states; or 
(vii) 
where such deduction or withholding is required pursuant to the rules of U.S. Internal 
Revenue Code Sections 1471 through 1474 (or any amended or successor provisions) and 
any intergovernmental agreement or implementing legislation adopted by another 
jurisdiction or any agreement with the U.S. Internal Revenue Service in connection with 
these provisions. 
As used in these Terms and Conditions: 
(i) 
"Tax Jurisdiction" means the Portuguese Republic or any political subdivision or any 
authority thereof or therein having power to tax or any other jurisdiction or any political 
subdivision or any authority thereof or therein having power to tax in which EDP becomes 
tax resident; 
(ii) 
the "Relevant Date" means the date on which such payment first becomes due, except 
that, if the full amount of the moneys payable has not been duly received by the Issue and 
Paying Agent or the Trustee on or prior to such due date, it means the date on which, the 
full amount of such moneys having been so received, notice to that effect is duly given to 
the Holders in accordance with Condition 12 (Notices); and 
(iii) 
"Beneficial Owner" means the holder of the Subordinated Instruments who is the 
effective beneficiary of the income attributable thereto. 
8. 
Prescription 
The Subordinated Instruments will become void unless claims in respect of principal and/or interest 
are made within a period of ten years (in the case of principal) and five years (in the case of interest) 
after the Relevant Date (as defined in Condition 7 (Taxation)) therefor. 
9. 
Events of Default 
If any one or more of the following events (each an "Event of Default") shall occur and is 
continuing then Holders holding not less than one quarter of the aggregate outstanding nominal 
amount of the Subordinated Instruments may, by written notice addressed to the Issuer, declare the 
Subordinated Instruments immediately due and payable, whereupon the Subordinated Instruments 
shall become immediately due and payable at their Early Redemption Amount (Event of Default) 
(as described in Condition 6.7 (Early Redemption Amounts) together with accrued interest (as 
provided in the Interbolsa Instrument) and any outstanding Deferred Interest Payments without 
further action or formality: 
(i) 
upon the initiation of, or consent to, the liquidation, winding-up or dissolution of the Issuer 
or if the Issuer admits in writing its inability to pay its debts as and when the same fall 
due; or 
(ii) 
upon the application to any court (that remains undischarged for sixty days) for, or the 
making by any court of, an insolvency order against the Issuer; or 
(iii) 
upon the appointment by any court of an insolvency administrator or other similar officer 
over all or any part of the Issuer's assets (that remains undischarged for sixty days); or

--- Page 140 ---
- 132 - 
 
 
(iv) 
if default is made in the payment of any principal or interest amount that is due and payable 
in respect of the Subordinated Instruments or any of them and the default continues for a 
period of 30 days, 
provided that no such event shall constitute an Event of Default if it is being contested in good 
faith by appropriate means by the Issuer and the Issuer has been advised by recognised independent 
legal advisers of good repute that it is reasonable to do so. 
10. 
Enforcement 
The Trustee may at any time, at its discretion and without notice, take such proceedings and/or 
other action as it may think fit against or in relation to the Issuer to enforce the obligations of the 
Issuer in respect of the covenants granted to the Trustee by the Issuer under these Terms and 
Conditions or the Trust Deed, however the Trustee shall in no circumstances be bound to do so 
unless (a) it shall have been so directed in writing by Holders holding not less than one quarter of 
the aggregate outstanding nominal amount of the Subordinated Instruments and (b) it shall have 
been indemnified to its satisfaction. The Trustee may not but the holders thereof may at any time 
take such proceedings against the Issuer as they may think fit to enforce the provisions of the 
Subordinated Instruments and/or the Interbolsa Instrument. 
11. 
Paying Agents 
The names of the initial Paying Agents and their initial specified offices are set out below. If any 
additional Paying Agents are appointed in connection with any Series, the names of such Paying 
Agents will be specified in Part B of the Final Terms. 
The Issuer is entitled, with the prior written approval of the Trustee, to vary or terminate the 
appointment of any Paying Agent and/or appoint additional or other Paying Agents and/or approve 
any change in the specified office through which any Paying Agent acts, provided that: 
(a) 
there will at all times be an Issue and Paying Agent; 
(b) 
so long as the Subordinated Instruments are listed, traded and/or quoted by or on any 
listing authority, stock exchange and/or quotation system, there will at all times be a 
Paying Agent with a specified office in such place as may be required by the rules and 
regulations of the relevant listing authority, stock exchange and/or quotation system; 
(c) 
there will at all times be a Paying Agent in Portugal capable of making payment in respect 
of the Subordinated Instruments as contemplated by these Terms and Conditions, the 
Agency Agreement and applicable Portuguese law and regulation. 
Any variation, termination, appointment or change shall only take effect (other than in the case of 
insolvency, when it shall be of immediate effect) after not less than 30 nor more than 45 days' prior 
notice thereof shall have been given to the Holders in accordance with Condition 12 (Notices). 
In acting under the Agency Agreement, the Paying Agents act solely as agents of the Issuer and, 
in certain limited circumstances, of the Trustee and do not assume any obligation to, or relationship 
of agency or trust with, any Holders. The Agency Agreement contains provisions permitting any 
entity into which any Paying Agent is merged or converted or with which it is consolidated or to 
which it transfers all or substantially all of its assets to become the successor paying agent. 
12. 
Notices 
12.1 
Compliance with Portuguese law: The Issuer shall comply with Portuguese law in respect of 
notices relating to Subordinated Instruments. 
12.2 
General: The Issuer shall also ensure that notices are duly published and/or filed in a manner which 
complies with the rules and regulations of any listing authority, stock exchange and/or quotation 
system on which the Subordinated Instruments are for the time being listed, traded and/or quoted.

--- Page 141 ---
- 133 - 
 
 
12.3 
Publication not practicable: If publication as provided above is not practicable, notice will be 
given in such other manner, and will be deemed to have been given on such date, as the Trustee 
shall approve. 
12.4 
Notices from Holders: Notices to be given by any Holder shall be in writing and given by lodging 
the same, together with the relative Subordinated Instrument or Subordinated Instruments, with the 
Issue and Paying Agent. 
13. 
Meetings of Holders, Modification, Waiver and Substitution 
The Trust Deed and the Interbolsa Instrument contain provisions for convening meetings of the 
Holders to consider any matter affecting their interests, including the sanctioning by Extraordinary 
Resolution of a modification of the Subordinated Instruments or any of the provisions of the Trust 
Deed. Such a meeting may be convened by the Issuer or the Trustee and shall be convened by the 
Issuer if required in writing by Holders holding not less than ten per cent. in nominal amount of 
the Subordinated Instruments for the time being remaining outstanding. The quorum at any such 
meeting for passing an Extraordinary Resolution is one or more persons holding or representing 
more than 50 per cent. in nominal amount of the Subordinated Instruments for the time being 
outstanding, or at any adjourned meeting one or more persons being or representing Holders 
whatever the nominal amount of the Subordinated Instruments so held or represented, except that 
at any meeting the business of which includes the modification of certain provisions of the 
Subordinated Instruments or the Trust Deed (including modifying the date of maturity of the 
Subordinated Instruments or any date for payment of interest thereon, reducing or cancelling the 
amount of principal or the rate of interest payable in respect of the Subordinated Instruments or 
altering the currency of payment of the Subordinated Instruments), the quorum shall be one or 
more persons holding or representing not less than two-thirds in nominal amount of the 
Subordinated Instruments for the time being outstanding, or at any adjourned such meeting one or 
more persons holding or representing not less than one-third in nominal amount of the 
Subordinated Instruments for the time being outstanding. An Extraordinary Resolution passed at 
any meeting of the Holders shall be binding on all the Holders, whether or not they are present at 
the meeting. 
The Trustee may agree, without the consent of the Holders, to: 
(a) 
any modification of the Subordinated Instruments or the Trust Deed which is not, in the 
opinion of the Trustee, materially prejudicial to the interests of the Holders; or 
(b) 
any modification of the Subordinated Instruments or the Trust Deed which is of a formal, 
minor or technical nature or is made to correct a manifest error or to comply with 
mandatory provisions of the law. 
Any such modification, waiver, authorisation or determination shall be binding on the Holders and, 
unless the Trustee agrees otherwise, any such modification shall be notified to the Holders in 
accordance with Condition 12 (Notices) as soon as practicable thereafter. 
In connection with the exercise by it of any of its trusts, powers, authorities or discretions 
(including, without limitation, any modification, waiver, authorisation, determination or 
substitution), the Trustee shall have regard to the general interests of the Holders as a class but 
shall not have regard to any interests arising from circumstances particular to individual Holders 
(whatever their number) and, in particular, but without limitation, shall not have regard to the 
consequences of such exercise for individual Holders (whatever their number) resulting from their 
being for any purpose domiciled or resident in, or otherwise connected with, or subject to the 
jurisdiction of, any particular territory and the Trustee shall not be entitled to require, nor shall any 
Holder be entitled to claim, from the Issuer any indemnification or payment in respect of any tax 
consequence of any such exercise upon individual Holders except to the extent already provided 
for in Condition 7 (Taxation) and/or any undertakings given in addition thereto or in substitution 
therefor pursuant to the Trust Deed. 
The Trustee may, without the consent of the Holders, agree with the Issuer to the substitution in 
place of the Issuer (or of any previous substitute under this Condition 13) as the principal debtor 
under the Subordinated Instruments and the Trust Deed of another company, being a Subsidiary of

--- Page 142 ---
- 134 - 
 
 
the Issuer, subject to (a) the Subordinated Instruments being unconditionally and irrevocably 
guaranteed by the Issuer or having the benefit of a keep well agreement by the Issuer, (b) the 
Trustee being satisfied that the interests of the Holders will not be materially prejudiced by the 
substitution and (c) certain other conditions set out in the Trust Deed being complied with. 
In addition, the Trustee shall be obliged in certain circumstances to concur with the Issuer in using 
its reasonable endeavours to effect any Benchmark Amendments on the basis set out in Condition 
4.6 (Benchmark Discontinuation) without the consent or approval of the Holders of the relevant 
Subordinated Instruments subject to the provisions therewith. 
In these Terms and Conditions, "Subsidiary" means an entity from time to time of which EDP (a) 
has the right to appoint the majority of the members of the board of directors or similar board or 
(b) owns directly or indirectly more than 50 per cent. of the share capital or similar right of 
ownership. 
14. 
Further Issues 
The Issuer shall be at liberty from time to time without the consent of the Holders to create and 
issue further Subordinated Instruments having terms and conditions the same as the Subordinated 
Instruments or the same in all respects save for the amount and date of the first payment of interest 
thereon and so that the same shall be consolidated and form a single Series with the outstanding 
Subordinated Instruments. The Trust Deed and the Interbolsa Instrument contain provisions for 
convening a single meeting of the Holders and the holders of instruments of other series in certain 
circumstances where the Trustee so decides. 
15. 
Indemnification of Trustee 
The Trust Deed contains provisions for the indemnification of the Trustee and for its relief from 
responsibility, including provisions relieving it from any obligation to take proceedings to enforce 
repayment unless indemnified to its satisfaction. The Trustee may enter into business transactions 
with the Issuer or any person or body corporate associated with the Issuer without accounting for 
any profit made or benefit received. 
16. 
Contracts (Rights of Third Parties) Act 1999 
No person shall have any right to enforce any term or condition of this Subordinated Instrument 
under the Contracts (Rights of Third Parties) Act 1999. 
17. 
Governing Law and Submission to Jurisdiction 
17.1 
Governing law: The Trust Deed, the Interbolsa Instrument, the Agency Agreement, the 
Subordinated Instruments, and any non-contractual obligations arising out of or in connection with 
the Trust Deed, the Interbolsa Instrument, the Agency Agreement and the Subordinated 
Instruments are governed by, and shall be construed in accordance with, English law save that, 
each of Condition 3 (Status of the Subordinated Instruments) and the form (representação formal) 
and transfer of the Subordinated Instruments, creation of security over the Subordinated 
Instruments and the Interbolsa procedures for the exercise of rights under the Subordinated 
Instruments are governed by, and construed in accordance with, Portuguese law. 
17.2 
Submission to jurisdiction: The English courts have exclusive jurisdiction to settle any dispute 
arising out of or in connection with the Trust Deed and the Subordinated Instruments, including 
any dispute as to their existence, validity, interpretation, performance, breach or termination or the 
consequences of their nullity and any dispute relating to any non-contractual obligations arising 
out of or in connection with the Trust Deed, the Subordinated Instruments (a "Dispute") and 
accordingly each of the Issuers, the Trustee and any holders of Subordinated Instruments in relation 
to any Dispute submits to the exclusive jurisdiction of the English courts. 
EDP irrevocably and unconditionally waived any objection to the English courts on the grounds 
that they are an inconvenient or inappropriate forum to settle any Dispute.

--- Page 143 ---
- 135 - 
 
 
To the extent allowed by law, the Trustee, the holders of Subordinated Instruments may, in respect 
of any Dispute or Disputes, take: (i) proceedings in any other court with jurisdiction; and (ii) 
concurrent proceedings in any number of jurisdictions. 
17.3 
Appointment of Process Agent: EDP has in the Trust Deed appointed Law Debenture Corporate 
Services Limited at its registered office for the time being (being at 13 September 2022 at 8th Floor, 
100 Bishopsgate, London EC2N 4AG) as its agent for service of process in any proceeding and 
undertakes that, in the event of Law Debenture Corporate Services Limited ceasing so to act, it 
will appoint another person as its agent for service of process in England in respect of any Dispute. 
Nothing herein shall affect the right to serve proceedings in any other manner permitted by law. 
17.4 
Other documents: EDP has in the Agency Agreement submitted to the jurisdiction of the English 
courts and appointed an agent for service of process in terms substantially similar to those set out 
above.

--- Page 144 ---
- 136 - 
 
 
PROVISIONS RELATING TO THE INSTRUMENTS (OTHER THAN BOOK ENTRY 
INSTRUMENTS) WHILE IN GLOBAL FORM 
Form of Instruments 
(A) 
Relationship of Accountholders with Clearing Systems 
Each of the persons shown in the records of Euroclear Bank, Clearstream, Luxembourg or any 
other clearing system as the holder of an Instrument represented by a Global Instrument (which 
expression includes a Temporary Global Instrument and a Permanent Global Instrument) must look 
solely to Euroclear Bank, Clearstream, Luxembourg or such other clearing system (as the case may 
be) for such person's share of each payment made by the Issuer to the bearer of such Global 
Instrument (or the registered holder of the Global Registered Instrument, as the case may be), and 
in relation to all other rights arising under the Global Instruments, subject to and in accordance 
with the respective rules and procedures of Euroclear Bank, Clearstream, Luxembourg or such 
clearing system (as the case may be). Such persons shall have no claim directly against the Issuer 
in respect of payments due on the Instruments for so long as the Instruments are represented by 
such Global Instrument or Global Registered Instrument and such obligations of the Issuer will be 
discharged by payment to the bearer of such Global Instrument (or the registered holder of the 
Global Registered Instrument, as the case may be), in respect of each amount so paid. References 
in these provisions relating to the Instruments in global form to "holder" or "accountholder" are 
to those persons shown in the records of the relevant clearing system as a holder of an Instrument. 
(B) 
Form and Exchange – Bearer Global Instruments 
(1) 
TEFRA D or TEFRA C: The Final Terms shall specify whether U.S. Treasury Regulation 
§1.163-5(c)(2)(i)(D) (or any successor U.S. Treasury Regulation section including, 
without limitation, regulations issued in accordance with U.S. Internal Revenue Service 
Notice 2012-20 or otherwise in connection with the U.S. Hiring Incentives to Restore 
Employment Act of 2010) (the "TEFRA D Rules") or U.S. Treasury Regulation §1.163-
5(c)(2)(i)(C) (or any successor U.S. Treasury Regulation section including, without 
limitation, regulations issued in accordance with U.S. Internal Revenue Service Notice 
2012-20 or otherwise in connection with the U.S. Hiring Incentives to Restore 
Employment Act of 2010) (the "TEFRA C Rules") shall apply, or specify if TEFRA is 
not applicable. Each Tranche of Bearer Instruments is represented upon issue by a 
temporary global Instrument (a "Temporary Global Instrument"), unless the Final 
Terms specifies otherwise and the TEFRA C Rules apply. 
Where the Final Terms applicable to a Tranche of Bearer Instruments specifies that the 
TEFRA C Rules apply, such Tranche is (unless otherwise specified in the Final Terms) 
represented upon issue by a Permanent Global Instrument. 
The Global Instruments will: 
(i) 
if the Global Instruments are intended to be issued in new global note ("NGN") 
form, as stated in the Final Terms, be delivered on or prior to the original issue 
date of the Tranche to a common safekeeper for Euroclear Bank and Clearstream, 
Luxembourg; and 
(ii) 
if the Global Instruments are not intended to be issued in NGN Form, be delivered 
on or prior to the original issue date of the Tranche to a common depositary for, 
Euroclear Bank and Clearstream, Luxembourg. 
Interests in a Temporary Global Instrument may be exchanged for: 
(i) 
interests in a permanent global Instrument (a "Permanent Global Instrument"); 
or 
(ii) 
if so specified in the Final Terms, definitive Instruments in bearer form 
("Definitive Instruments") and/or (if so specified in the Final Terms) Registered 
Instruments.

--- Page 145 ---
- 137 - 
 
 
Exchanges of interests in a Temporary Global Instrument for Definitive Instruments or, as 
the case may be, a Permanent Global Instrument will be made only on or after the 
Exchange Date (as specified in the Final Terms) and (unless the Final Terms specifies that 
the TEFRA C Rules are applicable to the Instruments) provided certification as to the non-
U.S. beneficial ownership thereof as required by U.S. Treasury Regulations (in 
substantially the form set out in the Trust Deed or in such other form as is customarily 
issued in such circumstances by the relevant clearing system) has been received. An 
exchange for Registered Instruments will be made at any time or from such date as may 
be specified in the Final Terms, in each case, without any requirement for certification. 
(2) 
Limitation on entitlement under a Temporary Global Instrument after Exchange Date: 
Holders of interests in any Temporary Global Instrument shall not (unless, upon due 
presentation of such Temporary Global Instrument for exchange (in whole but not in part 
only) for a Permanent Global Instrument or for delivery of Definitive Instruments and/or 
Registered Instruments, such exchange or delivery is improperly withheld or refused and 
such withholding or refusal is continuing at the relevant payment date) be entitled to 
receive any payment in respect of the Instruments represented by such Temporary Global 
Instrument which falls due on or after the Exchange Date or be entitled to exercise any 
option on a date after the Exchange Date. 
(3) 
Certification of non-U.S. beneficial ownership: Unless the Final Terms specify that the 
TEFRA C Rules are applicable or specify that TEFRA is not applicable to the Instruments 
and subject to paragraph (2) above, if any date on which a payment of interest is due on 
the Instruments of a Tranche occurs while any of the Instruments of that Tranche are 
represented by a Temporary Global Instrument, the related interest payment will be made 
on the Temporary Global Instrument only to the extent that certification as to the non-U.S. 
beneficial ownership thereof as required by U.S. Treasury Regulations (in substantially 
the form set out in the Trust Deed or in such other form as is customarily issued in such 
circumstances by the relevant clearing system) has been received by Euroclear Bank or 
Clearstream, Luxembourg, or any other relevant clearing system which may be specified 
in the Final Terms. Payments of amounts due in respect of a Permanent Global Instrument 
or (subject to paragraph (2) above) a Temporary Global Instrument (if the Final Terms 
specifies that the TEFRA C Rules are applicable or that TEFRA is not applicable to the 
Instruments) will be made through Euroclear Bank or Clearstream, Luxembourg or any 
other relevant clearing system without any requirement for certification. 
(4) 
Exchange for Definitive Instruments: Interests in a Permanent Global Instrument will be 
exchanged (subject to the period allowed for delivery as set out in this paragraph below), 
in whole but not in part only and at the request of the Holder of such Global Instrument, 
for Definitive Instruments and/or (if so specified in the Final Terms) Registered 
Instruments (a) if Euroclear Bank or Clearstream, Luxembourg or any other relevant 
clearing system is closed for business for a continuous period of 14 days (other than by 
reason of legal holidays) or announces an intention permanently to cease business or have 
in fact done so and, in any such case, no successor clearing system satisfactory to the 
Trustee is available or (b) an Event of Default (as defined in Condition 10 (Events of 
Default)) occurs or (c) on 60 days' notice given at any time at the request of the bearer, if 
so specified in the Final Terms. The circumstances described in (a) and (b) are each herein 
referred to as an "Exchange Event". Whenever a Permanent Global Instrument is to be 
exchanged for Definitive Instruments and/or Registered Instruments, the Issuer shall 
procure the prompt delivery of such Definitive Instruments and/or Registered Instruments, 
duly authenticated and where and to the extent applicable, with Coupons and Talons 
attached (each as defined in Condition 1.2 (Coupons and Talons), in an aggregate nominal 
amount equal to the nominal amount of such Permanent Global Instrument to the Holder 
of the Permanent Global Instrument against its surrender at the specified office of the Issue 
and Paying Agent within 30 days of the Holder requesting such exchange. 
(C) 
Form of Exchange – Global Registered Instruments 
(1) 
Global Registered Instrument: Registered Instruments held in Euroclear Bank and/or 
Clearstream, Luxembourg (or other clearing system) will be represented by a Global 
Registered Instrument which will be deposited with, a common depositary or common

--- Page 146 ---
- 138 - 
 
 
safekeeper if the Registered Instrument is held under the NSS, as the case may be, for 
Euroclear Bank and Clearstream, Luxembourg and registered in the name of a common 
nominee of Euroclear Bank and Clearstream, Luxembourg or in the name of a nominee of 
the common safekeeper if the Registered Instruments are held under the NSS, as specified 
in the Final Terms (or registered in the name of a nominee of, and deposited with, a 
common depositary for such other relevant clearing system). 
(2) 
Exchange: The Global Registered Instrument will become exchangeable in whole, but not 
in part, for individual Registered Instruments if (a) Euroclear Bank or Clearstream, 
Luxembourg is closed for business for a continuous period of 14 days (other than by reason 
of legal holidays) or announces an intention permanently to cease business or have in fact 
done so and, in any such case no successor clearing system satisfactory to the Trustee is 
available, (b) an Event of Default occurs, or (c) on 60 days' notice given at any time at the 
request of the registered Holder, if so specified in the Final Terms. The circumstances 
described in (a) and (b) are each herein referred to as an "Exchange Event". 
Whenever the Global Registered Instrument is to be exchanged for Registered 
Instruments, such Registered Instruments will be issued in an aggregate nominal amount 
equal to the nominal amount of the Global Registered Instrument within five business days 
of the delivery, by or on behalf of the registered Holder of the Global Registered 
Instrument, Euroclear Bank and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg, to the Registrar or the 
Transfer Agent (as the case may be) of such information as is required to complete and 
deliver such Registered Instruments (including, without limitation, the names and 
addresses of the persons in whose names the Registered Instruments are to be registered 
and the nominal amount of each such person's holding) against the surrender of the Global 
Registered Instrument at the specified office of the Registrar or the Transfer Agent (as the 
case may be). Such exchange will be effected in accordance with the provisions of the 
Agency Agreement and the regulations concerning the transfer and registration of 
Instruments scheduled thereto and, in particular, shall be effected without charge to any 
Holder, but against such indemnity as the Registrar or the Transfer Agent (as the case may 
be) may require in respect of any tax or other duty of whatsoever nature which may be 
levied or imposed in connection with such exchange. 
(D) 
Amendment to Conditions 
The Temporary Global Instruments, Permanent Global Instruments and Global Registered 
Instruments contain provisions that apply to the instruments that they represent, some of which 
modify the effect of the Conditions set out in this Base Prospectus. The following is a summary of 
certain of those provisions: 
(1) 
Meetings: The holder of a Permanent Global Instrument or of the Instruments represented 
by a Global Registered Instrument shall (unless such Permanent Global Instrument or 
Global Registered Instrument represents only one Instrument) be treated as having one 
vote in respect of each minimum Specified Denomination of Instruments for which such 
Global Instrument may be exchanged. 
(2) 
Cancellation: Cancellation of any Instrument represented by a Permanent Global 
Instrument or Global Registered Instrument that is required by the Conditions to be 
cancelled (other than upon its redemption) will be effected by reduction in the nominal 
amount of the relevant Permanent Global Instrument or Global Registered Instrument. 
(3) 
Purchase: Instruments represented by a Permanent Global Instrument or Global 
Registered Instrument may only be purchased by the Issuer or any of its subsidiaries if 
they are purchased together with the rights to receive all future payments of interest and 
Instalment Amounts (if any) thereon. 
(4) 
Issuer's Options: Any option of the Issuer provided for in the Conditions of the 
Instruments while such Instruments are represented by a Permanent Global Instrument or 
a Global Registered Instrument shall be exercised by the Issuer giving notice to the holders 
within the time limits set out in and containing the information required by the Conditions, 
except that the notice shall not be required to contain the serial numbers of Instruments

--- Page 147 ---
- 139 - 
 
 
drawn in the case of a partial exercise of an option and accordingly no drawing of 
Instruments shall be required. In the event that any option of the Issuer is exercised in 
respect of some but not all of the Instruments of any Series, the rights of accountholders 
with a clearing system in respect of the Instruments will be governed by the standard 
procedures of Euroclear Bank, Clearstream, Luxembourg or any other clearing system (as 
the case may be). 
(5) 
Holders' Options: Any option of the holders provided for in the Conditions of any 
Instruments while such instruments are represented by a Permanent Global Instrument or 
a Global Registered Instrument may be exercised by the Holder of such Permanent Global 
Instrument or Global Registered Instrument, giving notice to the Issue and Paying Agent 
within the time limits relating to the deposit of Instruments with a Paying Agent or the 
Registrar, in the case of a Global Registered Instrument substantially in the form of the 
notice available from any Paying Agent (or the Registrar, in the case of a Global 
Registered Instrument), except that the notice shall not be required to contain the serial 
numbers of the Instruments in respect of which the option has been exercised, and stating 
the nominal amount of Instruments in respect of which the option is exercised and at the 
same time presenting for notation the Permanent Global Instrument or the Global 
Registered Instrument to the Issue and Paying Agent, or to a Paying Agent acting on behalf 
of the Issue and Paying Agent, or the Registrar, in the case of a Global Registered 
Instrument. 
(6) 
Notices: So long as any Instruments are represented by a Permanent Global Instrument or 
Global Registered Instrument and such Permanent Global Instrument or Global Registered 
Instrument is held on behalf of a clearing system (i) notices to the Holders of Instruments 
of that Series may be given by delivery of the relevant notice to the clearing system for 
communication by it to entitled accountholders in substitution for publication and/or filing 
as required by the Conditions and any such notice shall be deemed to have been given to 
the Holders on the date of delivery to the clearing system and (ii) notices to be given by 
any Holder may be given to the Issue and Paying Agent through Euroclear Bank and/or 
Clearstream, Luxembourg, as the case may be, in such manner as the Issue and Paying 
Agent and Euroclear Bank and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg, as the case may be, may 
approve for this purpose.

--- Page 148 ---
- 140 - 
 
 
BOOK ENTRY INSTRUMENTS HELD THROUGH INTERBOLSA 
General 
Interbolsa holds securities through a centralised system (sistema centralizado) composed of interconnected 
securities accounts, through which such securities (and inherent rights) are held and transferred, and which 
allows Interbolsa to control at all times the amount of securities so held and transferred. Issuers of 
securities, financial intermediaries, the Bank of Portugal and Interbolsa, as the controlling entity, all 
participate in such centralised system. 
The centralised securities system of Interbolsa provides for all procedures required for the exercise of 
ownership rights inherent to the Book Entry Instruments held through Interbolsa. 
In relation to each issue of securities, Interbolsa's centralised system comprises, inter alia: (1) the issue 
account, opened by the relevant issuer in the centralised system and which reflects the full amount of issued 
securities; and (2) the control accounts opened by each of the financial intermediaries which participate 
in Interbolsa's centralised system, and which reflect the securities held by such participant on behalf of its 
customers in accordance with their individual securities accounts. 
Book Entry Instruments held through Interbolsa will be attributed an International Securities Identification 
Number ("ISIN" code) through the codification system of Interbolsa. These Book Entry Instruments will 
be accepted and registered with Central de Valores Mobiliários ("CVM"), the centralised securities system 
managed and operated by Interbolsa and settled by Interbolsa's settlement system. 
Form of the Book Entry Instruments held through Interbolsa 
The Book Entry Instruments will be represented in dematerialised book-entry form ("forma escritural") 
and shall be nominativas (in which case Interbolsa, at the request of the Issuer, can ask the Affiliate 
Members of Interbolsa for information regarding the identity of the Holders and transmit such information 
to the Issuer). Form and title to the Book Entry Instruments will be evidenced by book entries in accordance 
with the provisions of the Portuguese Securities Code and the applicable Comissão do Mercado de Valores 
Mobiliários ("CMVM") and Interbolsa regulations. No physical document of title will be issued in respect 
of Book Entry Instruments. 
The Book Entry Instruments of each Series will be registered in the relevant issue account opened by the 
relevant Issuer with Interbolsa and will be held in control accounts by each Affiliate Member of Interbolsa 
(as defined below) on behalf of the holders of the Book Entry Instruments. Such control accounts reflect at 
all times the aggregate of Book Entry Instruments held in the individual securities accounts opened by the 
holders of the Book Entry Instruments with each of the Affiliate Members of Interbolsa. The expression 
"Affiliate Member of Interbolsa" means any authorised financial intermediary entitled to hold control 
accounts with Interbolsa on behalf of their customers and includes any depositary banks appointed by 
Euroclear Bank and Clearstream, Luxembourg for the purpose of holding such accounts with Interbolsa on 
behalf of Euroclear Bank and Clearstream, Luxembourg. 
Each person shown in the records of an Affiliate Member of Interbolsa as having an interest in Book Entry 
Instruments shall be treated as the holder of the Book Entry Instruments recorded therein except as 
otherwise required by law. 
Payment of principal and interest in respect of Book Entry Instruments held through Interbolsa 
While the Book Entry Instruments are held through Interbolsa, payment of principal and interest in respect 
of the Book Entry Instruments: (1) in euros will be (a) credited, according to the procedures and regulations 
of Interbolsa, by the Portuguese paying agent (the "Portuguese Paying Agent") acting on behalf of the 
Issuer from the payment current account which the Portuguese Paying Agent has indicated to, and has been 
accepted by, Interbolsa to be used on the Portuguese Paying Agent's behalf for payments in respect of 
securities held through Interbolsa to the payment current accounts held according to the applicable 
procedures and regulations of Interbolsa by the Affiliate Members of Interbolsa whose control accounts 
with Interbolsa are credited with such Book Entry Instruments and thereafter (b) credited by such Affiliate 
Members of Interbolsa from the aforementioned payment current accounts to the accounts of the Holders 
or through Euroclear Bank and Clearstream, Luxembourg to the accounts with Euroclear Bank and 
Clearstream, Luxembourg of the beneficial owners of such Book Entry Instruments, in accordance with the 
rules and procedures of Interbolsa, Euroclear Bank or Clearstream, Luxembourg, as the case may be; and

--- Page 149 ---
- 141 - 
 
 
(2) in currencies other than euros will be (a) transferred, on the payment date and according to the 
procedures and regulations applicable by Interbolsa, from the account held by the Portuguese Paying Agent 
in the Foreign Currency Settlement System (Sistema de Liquidação em Moeda Estrangeira), managed by 
Caixa Geral de Depósitos, S.A., to the relevant accounts of the relevant Affiliate Members of Interbolsa, 
and thereafter (b) transferred by such Affiliate Members of Interbolsa from such relevant accounts to the 
accounts of the owners of those Book Entry Instruments or through Euroclear Bank and Clearstream, 
Luxembourg to the accounts with Euroclear Bank and Clearstream, Luxembourg of the beneficial owners 
of those Book Entry Instruments, in accordance with the rules and procedures of Interbolsa, Euroclear Bank 
or Clearstream, Luxembourg, as the case may be. 
Transfer of Book Entry Instruments held through Interbolsa 
Book Entry Instruments held through Interbolsa may, subject to compliance with all applicable rules, 
restrictions and requirements of Interbolsa and Portuguese law, be transferred to a person who wishes to 
hold such Book Entry Instruments. No owner of Book Entry Instruments will be able to transfer such Book 
Entry Instruments, except in accordance with Portuguese law and the applicable procedures established by 
the CMVM and Interbolsa.

--- Page 150 ---
- 142 - 
 
 
USE OF PROCEEDS 
An amount equal to the net proceeds from each issue of Instruments issued by EDP will be applied by EDP 
for its general corporate purposes. An amount equal to the net proceeds of Instruments issued by EDP B.V. 
will be on-lent to, or invested in, EDP Group companies. 
If so specified in the applicable Final Terms, an amount equal to the net proceeds of Instruments issued by 
EDP or EDP B.V. may be used to finance or refinance, in whole or in part, EDP's Eligible Green Project 
portfolio. EDP's Eligible Green Project portfolio includes existing or planned investments of EDP 
Renováveis S.A, a fully consolidated subsidiary of EDP, which support the transition to a low carbon 
economy, especially those that help increase the production of renewable energy. Eligible Green Projects 
include the design, construction, installation and maintenance of renewable energy production projects, 
such as wind power plants (onshore and offshore) and solar power plants (photovoltaic ("PV") or 
concentrated solar power ("CSP")) and will be assessed and monitored according to a framework and set 
of criteria available on EDP's website (https://www.edp.com/en/investors/fixed-income/green-funding).  
Such Instruments will be referred to as "Green Bonds". 
Neither the Second Party Opinion nor the Green Bond Framework is, nor shall be deemed to be, 
incorporated in and/or form part of this Base Prospectus.

--- Page 151 ---
- 143 - 
 
 
RELATIONSHIP OF EDP B.V. WITH EDP 
EDP has entered into a Keep Well Agreement dated 14 March 2001 with EDP B.V. (the "Keep Well 
Agreement") governed by English law. The following is the text of the Keep Well Agreement: 
"KEEP WELL AGREEMENT 
This Keep Well Agreement is made on 14 March 2001 by and between: 
(1) 
EDP – ELECTRICIDADE DE PORTUGAL, S.A. ("EDP"); and 
(2) 
EDP FINANCE B.V. ("EDP B.V."). 
WHEREAS: 
(A) 
EDP B.V. is a direct wholly-owned subsidiary of EDP; 
(B) 
Bankers Trustee Company Limited (the "Trustee", which expression shall, wherever the context 
so admits, include any successor as trustee for holders of the Instruments as defined below), EDP 
and EDP B.V. (each an "Issuer" and together the "Issuers") have entered into a trust deed dated 
14 March 2001 (the "Trust Deed") relating to the €5,000,000,000 Programme for the Issuance of 
Debt Instruments (the "Programme"); 
(C) 
The Issuers may issue Instruments after the date hereof pursuant to the Programme (the 
"Instruments", which expression as used herein shall include Instruments whether in global or 
definitive form and any receipts, coupons or talons appertaining to such Instruments) which will 
be constituted by the Trust Deed as modified and/or supplemented and/or restated from time to 
time; 
(D) 
EDP B.V. may also hereafter assume from time to time obligations under swap agreements which 
will be related to the Instruments issued by EDP B.V. (any obligation of EDP B.V. in respect of 
each swap agreement entered into by EDP B.V. and any Instrument issued by EDP B.V. under the 
Programme being herein referred to as a "Debt Obligation" and the obligations together being 
herein referred to as "Debt Obligations"); and 
(E) 
EDP B.V. entered into the Programme as Issuer for its own benefit and also for the benefit of EDP. 
NOW, THEREFORE, EDP and EDP B.V. hereby covenant and agree as follows: 
1. 
In consideration of the sum of £1 paid by EDP B.V. to EDP (receipt of which EDP hereby 
acknowledges), EDP shall own, directly or indirectly, all of the issued and outstanding share capital 
of EDP B.V. and will control the composition of the board of directors of EDP B.V. so long as any 
Debt Obligation is outstanding and shall not pledge, grant a security interest in, encumber or 
alienate any of such share capital. 
2. 
For so long as EDP B.V. has outstanding Instruments under the Programme, EDP shall, with effect 
on and from the date of this Agreement, cause EDP B.V. to maintain a Tangible Net Worth (as 
hereinafter defined), as determined in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles in 
the Netherlands applied on a consistent basis as shown on EDP B.V.'s most recent audited balance 
sheet (commencing with EDP B.V.'s audited balance sheet at 31 December 2001), of at least one 
euro. 
"Tangible Net Worth" shall mean the total assets of EDP B.V. less the sum of intangible assets 
and total liabilities of EDP B.V. A certificate of the auditors of EDP B.V. as to the amount of 
Tangible Net Worth shall, in the absence of manifest error, be final and conclusive. 
3. 
For so long as EDP B.V. has outstanding Instruments under the Programme, if EDP B.V. at any 
time shall have insufficient funds or other liquid assets to meet its payment obligations (including 
in respect of any Debt Obligations) or to repay borrowings then maturing or subsequently to mature, 
upon receipt of notice from EDP B.V. to such effect, EDP shall make, or have made, available to 
EDP B.V., before the due date of such payment obligations or borrowings, funds sufficient to 
enable EDP B.V. to meet such payment obligations or to repay such borrowings, as the case may

--- Page 152 ---
- 144 - 
 
 
be, in full as they fall due. EDP B.V. shall use the funds made available to it by EDP hereunder 
solely for the fulfilment of its payment obligations and the repayment at maturity of its borrowings. 
4. 
Any and all funds from time to time provided by EDP to EDP B.V. pursuant to Clause 3 above 
shall, at the option of EDP, be either (1) by way of subscription for and payment of share capital 
(other than redeemable share capital) of EDP B.V., or (2) by way of subordinated loan, that is to 
say, a loan which, and interest on which, is not permitted to be, and is not capable of being, repaid 
or paid unless all other debt of EDP B.V. has been fully satisfied and is subordinated on a winding-
up of EDP B.V. to all of the unsecured and unpreferred creditors of EDP B.V. other than EDP. 
5. 
EDP warrants and agrees that its payment obligations which may arise hereunder constitute 
unsecured and unsubordinated obligations of EDP and rank pari passu with all other unsecured 
and unsubordinated obligations of EDP other than those obligations which are preferred by law. 
6. 
This Agreement is not, and nothing herein contained and nothing done by EDP pursuant hereto 
shall be deemed to constitute, a guarantee, direct or indirect, by EDP of any Debt Obligation or 
any other debt of EDP B.V. (or of any subsidiary of EDP B.V.) or of any instrument issued by EDP 
B.V. or of any subsidiary of EDP B.V. 
7. 
If EDP B.V. shall be in liquidation, administration or receivership or other analogous proceedings 
(including if EDP B.V. is declared bankrupt ("faillissement") or is granted a moratorium of 
payment ("surséance van betaling") or enters into winding-up proceedings ("ontbinding")) and 
EDP shall be in default of its obligations hereunder, EDP shall be liable to EDP B.V. by way of 
liquidated damages for such default in an amount equal to the sum that EDP would have paid had 
it performed in full all of its obligations hereunder, and EDP B.V. and any liquidator, administrator 
or receiver of EDP B.V. or other analogous officer or official shall be entitled to claim accordingly. 
8. 
This Agreement may be modified, amended or terminated only by the written agreement of EDP 
and EDP B.V. provided, however, that no such modification, amendment or termination shall be 
made which may have any adverse effect upon the holders of the Instruments issued by EDP B.V. 
or the holders of any other Debt Obligation taken as a whole while any such Instrument or Debt 
Obligation is outstanding. 
9. 
EDP and EDP B.V. each hereby covenant and agree as follows: 
(i) 
it will not consent, either orally or in writing, to any modification, amendment or 
termination of this Agreement which may have any adverse effect upon the holders of the 
Instruments issued by EDP B.V. or the holders of any other Debt Obligation taken as a 
whole while any Instrument or other Debt Obligation remains outstanding; 
(ii) 
it will give written notice to the Trustee on behalf of the holders of Instruments issued by 
EDP B.V. and to the holders of any other Debt Obligation at least 30 days prior to any 
proposed modification, amendment or termination of this Agreement; 
(iii) 
it will fully and promptly perform its obligations and exercise its rights under this 
Agreement and, in the case of EDP B.V. (without limitation to the foregoing) exercise its 
right to enforce performance of the terms of this Agreement by EDP; and 
(iv) 
it will consent to the giving of an order of specific performance or similar relief by any 
court of competent jurisdiction in the event that any action is brought in respect of this 
Agreement. 
10. 
 
(i) 
This Agreement shall take effect for the benefit of the Trustee on behalf of the holders of 
Instruments issued by EDP B.V. and the holder of any other Debt Obligation. Apart from 
the parties to this Agreement and the Trustee, no other person, firm, company or 
association (unincorporated or incorporated) shall be entitled to any benefit under this 
Agreement whatsoever. 
(ii) 
This Agreement shall be deposited with and held by the Trustee for so long as the Trust 
Deed is in force and, if thereafter, any other Debt Obligation remains outstanding it will

--- Page 153 ---
- 145 - 
 
 
be deposited with and held by a reputable financial institution on behalf of the holder(s) 
of such other Debt Obligation. Both parties hereby acknowledge the right of the holder of 
any Instrument issued by EDP B.V. and any other Debt Obligation to obtain from either 
party a copy of this Agreement. 
(iii) 
The term "holder" herein has the same meaning in relation to each Instrument as the term 
"Holder" in the Conditions of such Instrument. 
11. 
This Agreement may be executed in any number of counterparts, all of which taken together shall 
constitute one and the same instrument. 
12. 
Each of EDP and EDP B.V. hereby irrevocably agrees that the courts of England are to have 
jurisdiction to settle any disputes which may arise out of or in connection with this Agreement and 
that accordingly any suit, action or proceedings (together "Proceedings") arising out of or in 
connection with this Agreement may be brought in such courts. Each of EDP and EDP B.V. hereby 
irrevocably waives any objection which it may have to the laying of the venue of any Proceedings 
in any such courts and any claim that any such Proceedings have been brought in an inconvenient 
forum and hereby further irrevocably agree that a judgment in any Proceedings brought in the 
English courts shall be conclusive and binding upon EDP and EDP B.V. and may be enforced in 
the courts of any other jurisdiction. Nothing contained herein shall limit any right to take 
Proceedings against EDP or EDP B.V. in any other court of competent jurisdiction nor shall the 
taking of Proceedings in one or more jurisdictions preclude the taking of Proceedings in any other 
jurisdiction, whether concurrently or not. Each of EDP and EDP B.V. hereby appoints The Law 
Debenture Trust Corporation p.l.c. at its registered office for the time being (being at the date 
hereof at Fifth Floor, 100 Wood Street, London EC2V 7EX) as its agent for service of process and 
agrees that, in the event of The Law Debenture Trust Corporation p.l.c. ceasing so to act, it will 
appoint another person as its agent for service of process in England in respect of any Proceedings. 
13. 
This Agreement shall be governed by, and construed in accordance with, the laws of England. 
Note: 
The Keep Well Agreement is not, and should not be regarded as equivalent to, a guarantee by EDP 
of any payment in respect of the Instruments. However, following an Event of Default, the Trustee 
will be entitled, on behalf of the Holders, to enforce EDP B.V.'s rights under the Keep Well 
Agreement against EDP in accordance with the terms of the Trust Deed. Enforcement in the English 
courts will be subject, among other things, to the powers of such courts to stay proceedings and other 
principles of law and equity of general application.

--- Page 154 ---
- 146 - 
 
 
EDP AND THE EDP GROUP 
BUSINESS OVERVIEW 
EDP – Energias de Portugal, S.A. ("EDP" and together with its subsidiaries, the "Group" or the "EDP 
Group") is a listed company (sociedade aberta), whose ordinary shares are publicly traded on the regulated 
market of Euronext Lisbon. EDP is established in Portugal, organised under the laws of Portugal and 
registered with the Commercial Registry Office of Lisbon, under no. 500.697.256. Its registered head office 
is located at Av. 24 de Julho, 12, 1249 - 300 Lisbon, Portugal, and its telephone number is +351210012500. 
EDP was initially incorporated as a public enterprise (empresa pública) in 1976 pursuant to Decree-Law 
no. 502/76, of 30 June 1976, as a result of the nationalisation and merger of the main Portuguese companies 
in the electricity sector in mainland Portugal. Subsequently, EDP was transformed into a limited liability 
company (sociedade anónima) pursuant to Decree-Law no. 7/91, of 8 January 1991, and Decree-Law no. 
78-A/97, of 7 April 1997. 
Under Article 3.1 of its articles of association, the corporate purpose of EDP is the direct or indirect 
promotion, development and management of undertakings and activities in the energy sector, both at 
national and international levels, with the goal of growing and improving the performance of its group's 
companies. 
The privatisation of EDP's share capital involved eight phases in total, the first one in 1997 and the last one 
concluded in February 2013. The most significant shareholdings in EDP's share capital (i.e. shareholdings 
equal to or higher than 5 per cent.) as of 30 June 2022 were: China Three Gorges Corporation, owning 
21.08 per cent.; BlackRock, Inc., owning 9.37 per cent.; Oppidum Capital S.L., owning 7.20 per cent. and 
Canada Pension Plan Investment Board, owning 5.99 per cent. As of 30 June 2022, EDP has an issued share 
capital of €3,965,681,012, comprised of 3,965,681,012 shares with a nominal value of €1 per share, all of 
which have been paid up. 
EDP is a multinational, vertically integrated utility company with operations in 29 markets across Europe, 
the Americas, Africa and Asia and with a focus on renewable energy generation. The Group has integrated 
operations across energy generation, distribution and supply operations mainly in Iberia and Brazil. 
Moreover, the Group develops and operates renewable energy generation in 28 different markets across 
Europe, North and Latin America and more recently in the Asia-Pacific region following the acquisition of 
Sunseap Group Pte. Ltd., based in Singapore. With a total installed capacity in Iberia of 13.7 gigawatt 
("GW") and a distribution network spanning 284,000 km as at 30 June 2022, EDP believes that it is the 
largest generator, distributor and supplier of electricity in Portugal in terms of gigawatt hours ("GWh") and 
the third largest electricity generator in the Iberian Peninsula in terms of installed capacity. EDP also 
believes that it is one of Brazil's largest private generators, distributors and suppliers of electricity in terms 
of GWh and one of the largest onshore wind power operators worldwide in terms of GWh, with operations 
spanning across Europe, North America and Latin America. EDP also generates solar PV energy in 
Portugal, Vietnam, Romania and the United States, Mexico and Brazil. Overall, globally EDP has a total 
installed capacity of 26 GW and distribution networks of 381,000 km as at 30 June 2022. 
Historically, EDP's core business had been focused on electricity generation, distribution and supply in 
Portugal. Given Spain's geographical proximity and its regulatory framework, the Iberian Peninsula's 
electricity market became EDP's natural home market, and EDP made this market the primary focus of its 
integrated electricity business. As at the date of this Base Prospectus, EDP's main subsidiaries in Portugal 
include its electricity generation company, EDP - Produção - Gestão da Produção de Energia, S.A. ("EDP 
Produção"), its electricity distribution company, E-REDES Distribuição de Electricidade, S.A. ("E-
Redes"), and its two supply companies SU Eletricidade, S.A. ("SU Eletricidade") and EDP Comercial – 
Comercialização de Energia, S.A. ("EDP Comercial"). As of 30 June 2022, in Spain, EDP's main 
subsidiary is EDP España, S.A.U., which operates electricity generation plants and electricity distribution 
networks. The electricity distribution networks business in Spain is controlled through a long-term 
partnership with Macquarie Super Core Infrastructure Fund SD Holdings S.À.R.L. ("MSCIF"), in which 
EDP holds a 75.1 per cent. stake that combines three electricity distribution companies: Hidrocantábrico 
Distribución Eléctrica S.A.U., Viesgo Distribución Eléctrica, S.L. ("Viesgo Distribución") and Barras 
Eléctricas Galaico-Asturianas, S.A. 
In addition to the electricity market, EDP is also present in the natural gas supply business in both Portugal 
and Spain. In Portugal, EDP supplies natural gas through EDP Comercial and EDP Gás Serviço Universal,

--- Page 155 ---
- 147 - 
 
 
S.A. ("EDP Gás SU"). In Spain, EDP holds indirectly (through EDP España) EDP-Comercializadora, 
S.A.U. ("EDP Comercializadora"). In July and October 2017, EDP sold 100 per cent. of its gas 
distribution networks in Spain and Portugal, respectively, in line with EDP's strategy of strengthening its 
financial profile and focusing on electricity networks. 
EDP participates in the renewable energy sector through EDP Renováveis, a leading renewable energy 
company headquartered in Spain. EDP Renováveis designs, develops, manages and operates power plants 
that generate electricity using the renewable energy sources of wind and solar energy. EDP currently holds 
a 74.98 per cent. stake in EDP Renováveis, with the remaining 25.02 per cent. traded on Euronext Lisbon. 
In Brazil, as of 30 June 2022, EDP has significant electricity generation, distribution, supply and 
transmission businesses in 15 states through its 57.39 per cent. direct stake in EDP – Brasil, S.A. ("EDP 
Brasil"), a company listed on the São Paulo Stock Exchange. EDP also believes that it is one of Brazil's 
largest private generators, distributors and suppliers of electricity in terms of GWh. 
EDP's Operating Segments 
EDP organises its business along three operating segments. 
1. 
Renewables: The Renewables operating segment is central to the Group's growth strategy. EDP 
participates in the renewable energy space through EDP Renováveis, a leading renewable energy 
company headquartered in Spain and listed in Portugal that develops, builds, manages and operates 
power plants that generate electricity using renewable energy sources (including onshore and 
offshore wind, and solar energy) and through its hydroelectric generation assets in Iberia and Brazil. 
EDP Renováveis has built significant growth platforms in the European, Latin American and North 
American markets and is continuously monitoring opportunities to expand its activities globally, 
having more recently expanded to the Asia-Pacific region, by acquiring Sunseap Group Pte Ltd, 
based in Singapore. 
2. 
Networks: EDP's Networks operating segment comprises activities related to electricity 
distribution in the Iberian Peninsula and Brazil, as well as the Group's electricity transmission 
operations in Brazil. EDP's regulated networks regulated asset base was €6.9 billion as of 30 June 
2022. EDP believes that the importance of electricity networks in the context of the energy 
transition landscape will continue to increase given the gradual shift to a more customer-centric 
paradigm which will require the deployment of a smarter grid and the offer of a more personalised 
portfolio of services. Such services are likely to include smart control systems, decentralised 
generation, energy-storage and electric cars, which represents an opportunity for further growth. 
3. 
Client Solutions and Energy Management: The Client Solutions and Energy Management 
segment comprises activities mainly related to thermal generation, energy trading and electricity 
supply in the Iberian Peninsula and Brazil. This segment includes energy management activities 
that allow EDP to manage its portfolio of generation assets in the liberalised market and its clients 
in Iberia, enabling the Group to hedge market and hydro risk according to its risk policies. The 
client solutions activity relates to the management of an approximately nine million client portfolio, 
with the aim of further increasing quality through digital transformation, while innovating its offer 
of products and services, in particular through distributed solar and e-mobility services. 
The Group's total revenues from energy sales and services and other for June 2022 and 2021 amounted to 
€10,167 million and €6,083 million, respectively. The Group's revenues from energy sales and services and 
other for the years ended 31 December 2021 and 2020 amounted to €14,983 million and €12,448 million, 
respectively. As at 30 June 2022, the EDP Group employed 12,909 people and had total assets of €56,685 
million and total equity of €12,677 million. 
Recent Developments 
Acquisition of solar development platform based in Germany 
On 29 July 2022, EDP, through EDPR, reached an agreement to acquire a 70 per cent. stake in Kronos 
Solar Projects GmbH ("Kronos"), a solar developer company based in Germany. Kronos has a portfolio of 
9.4 GW of solar projects in different stages of development in Germany (4.5 GW), France (2.7 GW), the 
Netherlands (1.2 GW) and the UK (0.9 GW). EDP is acquiring 70 per cent. of Kronos for an acquisition

--- Page 156 ---
- 148 - 
 
 
price of €250m paid at closing and a success fee to be paid to the sellers over 2023-28. The closing of this 
transaction is currently subject to the final approval of regulatory authorities and other customary conditions 
precedent.  
Sale of 50 per cent. stake in hydro global to CTG 
On 29 July 2022, EDP agreed to sell to China International Water & Electric Corporation ("CWE"), a 
company that belongs to China Three Gorges group ("CTG"), its 50 per cent. participation in Hydro Global 
Investment Limited ("Hydro Global"), for a total amount of approximately US$68 million. 
Sale of Energest S.A 
 
On 30 August 2022, EDP Brasil entered into a sale agreement with VH GSEO UK Holdings Limited, a 
subsidiary of Victory Hill Global Sustainable Energy Opportunities, to formalize the total disposal of 
Energest S.A., the owner of Mascarenhas Hydro Power Plant (HPP). The Mascarenhas HPP has 198MW 
in installed capacity and lies in the State of Espírito Santo, Brazil. The total consideration for the transaction 
corresponds to an estimated R$1,225 million of which R$800 million to be paid upon closing and the 
remaining to be paid in line with the conditions set forth within the plant’s concession renewal process. The 
operation is subject to any other post-closing adjustments and obligations common to this type of 
transaction. 
 
Asset Rotation Deal of a 172 MW operating wind portfolio In Italy 
On 9 September 2022, EDP, through EDPR, completed the sale to ERG, S.p.A. ("ERG") of a 100 per cent. 
equity stake in a 172 MW operating wind portfolio located in Italy for a value of around €420 million as of 
31 December 2021. The transaction scope comprises seven operating wind farms with an average age of 
three years and benefits from a stable remuneration scheme during a 20-year period.

--- Page 157 ---
- 149 - 
 
 
STRATEGY OF EDP 
EDP's vision is to lead the energy transition and create superior value to shareholders. To achieve this 
ambitious vision, in February 2021, EDP announced a new strategic update for the period of 2021-2025. 
The plan is underpinned by three strategic axes: (i) accelerated and sustainable growth; (ii) future-proof 
organisation; and (iii) ESG excellence and attractive returns. This strategy is further supported by EDP's 
commitment to decarbonisation and sustainability pursuant to its 2030 vision of having 100 per cent. 
electricity generated from renewable sources. 
1. 
Accelerated and focused growth 
EDP announced at the strategic update in February 2021 a €24 billion investment plan for the 
period of 2021-2025, reinforcing its position as a leader of the energy transition. EDP intends to 
significantly increase its annual investments, targeting approximately €4.8 billion per year in 
capital expenditure (including financial investments) for the period 2021-2025, a 65 per cent. 
increase from the yearly average target of €2.9 billion per year in capital expenditure for the period 
2019-2022. In 2021, EDP's capital expenditure amounted to €3.5 billion. The fast deployment of 
renewables capacity will be combined with the intended sale of majority stakes in selected 
renewable assets in line with EDP's asset rotation strategy (targeted at €8 billion for the period 
2021-2025), to accelerate growth and enable a less capital intensive growth model. 
In line with EDP's objective to reinforce its distinctive "green" positioning and low risk profile, 
nearly 95 per cent. of capital expenditure is expected to be allocated to regulated and long-term 
activities with a focus on renewables (approximately 80 per cent. of total investment) and networks 
(approximately 15 per cent. of total investment). In geographical terms, approximately 40 per cent. 
of total investment is expected to be deployed in North America, 40 per cent. in Europe, 15 per 
cent. in Brazil and Latin America and the remaining 5 per cent. to the rest of the world. 
EDP was an early mover in renewable energy and has built a strong track record. Based on its 
assessment of wind generation figures published by top wind market operators, EDP believes it is 
one of the largest wind power operators worldwide with 13.8 GW of wind and solar power capacity 
installed as of 30 June 2022 (1.1 GW of which constitutes equity consolidated capacity).  
As of 30 June 2022, EDP had a renewable energy installed capacity of 19.8 GW consisting of 7.1 
GW of hydro power (in Iberia and Brazil) and 12.7 GW (excluding the 1.1 GW equity consolidated 
capacity mentioned above) of wind and solar power (mostly in Europe and the United States). As 
of 30 June 2022, 75 per cent. of EDP's generated electricity came from renewable sources of energy 
compared to 20 per cent. in 2005. EDP expects to deploy 20 GW of gross additions in renewable 
capacity for the period 2021-2025, with a focus on wind onshore (9.1 GW) and solar PV (8.0 GW), 
but also wind offshore (0.9 GW), storage (0.4 GW) and distributed solar (1.4 GW). As of 30 June 
2022, approximately 53 per cent. of the expected capacity additions were already secured with 
PPAs, feed-in tariffs or similar long-term arrangements to meet the 2025 target. 
EDP's strategy for its wind offshore portfolio is to develop projects in partnerships with other 
operators in the market, seeking to diversify its risk exposure to this technology. In January 2020, 
EDP entered into a fifty-fifty joint venture with Engie, named "Ocean Winds", which was 
subsequently approved by the EC on 26 February 2020, for the development of fixed and floating 
offshore wind assets. The new entity, which combines the offshore assets of EDP and Engie already 
has three projects in operation with a total capacity of 1.5 GW, 3.5 GW of secured capacity and a 
total capacity of 10.5 GW under construction and in an advanced stage of development. This entity 
is the exclusive investment vehicle of EDP, through its subsidiary EDP Renováveis, and Engie for 
offshore wind opportunities worldwide. EDP expects the joint venture will become a major global 
player in the field, bringing together the industrial expertise and development capacity of both 
companies. 
To reinforce EDP's worldwide position in renewables, on 24 February 2022, EDP completed the 
acquisition of a 91 per cent. stake in Sunseap Group Pte. Ltd., the largest distributed solar player 
and top four solar player in South East Asia. This acquisition allows EDP to establish a portfolio 
for the APAC region of close to 10 GW of solar projects, of which 563 MW is operating and under 
construction, and an experienced team of more than 600 employees spread across nine markets, 
providing a growth platform for the region.

--- Page 158 ---
- 150 - 
 
 
In May 2022, EDPR entered into an industrial agreement with Lhyfe to jointly identify, develop, 
build, and manage renewable hydrogen production projects. Under this agreement, EDPR will 
supply renewable electricity to Lhyfe's hydrogen generation projects. In addition, the two 
companies will identify opportunities for the co-development of projects, with EDPR's 
shareholding potentially reaching up to 50 per cent. of the projects’ capital. The companies will 
also work together on research and development activities, new project development and 
equipment procurement for renewable assets. 
Another component of EDP's growth strategy is centred around networks. Networks are seen by 
EDP as key enablers of the energy transition in addition to providing stable and long-term cash 
flow. EDP is continuously seeking efficiency improvements in networks' operations, while 
delivering high quality service. As part of these efforts, grids are being modernised and digitalised 
in order to respond to the challenges of the energy transition, that require smarter grids to 
accommodate an increasing weight of intermittent renewable generation and to manage demand in 
real time. 
The acquisition of Viesgo, concluded in December 2020, is an important driver of growth in this 
segment as it more than doubles EDP's presence in electricity distribution in Spain, contributing 
more than 700,000 customers in the north of Spain and a network length of approximately 32,000 
km, perpetual licences and regulatory visibility until 2025, strengthening EDP's business risk 
profile by increasing EDP's exposure to regulated networks. 
Another important driver of investment in networks, in the short term, is the growth in the 
transmission segment in Brazil. Following EDP's growth and asset rotation strategy in the 
transmission business as set out in the 2021-2025 business plan, three transmission lines were sold 
in December 2021 and, in February 2022, EDP Goias was added to the portfolio. As of June 2022, 
EDP operates at 100 per cent. "Lot 21" (485 km) and "Lot 18" (740 km) and the recently acquired 
Celg-T portfolio. In early July, "Lot Q" (142km) entered in full commercial operation. 
Furthermore, EDP is developing two other projects: a transmission line in Mata Grande (113 km) 
and "Lot 1", located in the states of Acre and Rondônia with 350 km and one substation. 
In the client solutions and energy management segment, EDP is focused on active portfolio 
management, allowing for a natural hedge of generation with customers and also between 
renewables and thermal assets. Additionally, EDP seeks to enhance value for its approximately 
nine million clients (as of 30 June 2022) by improving quality of service and providing new 
innovative solutions that meet clients' needs and accelerate the energy transition, such as 
decentralised solar and e-mobility solutions. 
A key element of EDP's strategy is to deliver on these growth targets while maintaining a strong 
financial profile, fully committed to a solid investment grade rating (BBB).  EDP's financial policy 
aims to reinforce the visibility of free cashflow generation over the medium term, supported by 
strict financial criteria underlying investment decisions, timely execution of projects and a risk-
controlled growth strategy.  EDP seeks to maintain diversification in terms of markets and 
regulatory environments while also seeking to reduce its exposure to market volatility. 
EDP has a high proportion of activities in its portfolio that are either long-term contracted or 
regulated.  As such, its revenues are dependent on the outcome of regulatory decisions by 
governments and other authorities. To reduce its exposure to regulatory risk, EDP is in regular 
contact with regulatory authorities in order to ensure an accurate and appropriate regulatory 
treatment, including regarding the level of returns EDP receives on capital employed in connection 
with its network activities, which are fully regulated. 
Some of EDP's operations are exposed to liberalised energy markets, which are subject to 
fluctuations in energy demand, supply and prices, both in EDP's core markets and in other related 
international markets. In order to reduce its exposure to these sources of volatility, EDP operates 
an integrated generation and supply model and maintains a hedging strategy that seeks to enable it 
to secure pricing for a significant portion of its fuel needs and electricity and gas sales in the 
liberalised markets for a period of between 12 and 18 months.

--- Page 159 ---
- 151 - 
 
 
2. 
Future-proof organisation 
To deliver on the targets presented at the strategic update for the period of 2021-2025, EDP is 
focused on preparing for accelerated and sustained growth, by focusing on becoming a more global, 
agile and efficient organisation, and by improving its decision-making process and simplifying 
organisational structure. 
EDP is implementing an innovation and digital transformation plan focused on improving the 
efficiency of the organisation and introducing new technologies in the various stages of the value 
chain with a commitment of €2 billion in capital expenditure in the 2021-2025 period. 
EDP wants to establish a leading innovation position internationally, namely through venture 
capital investments and entrepreneurship, creating an open innovation ecosystem, and delivering 
new solutions across four main areas: clean energy, storage and flexibility, smarter grids and client 
solutions. 
EDP is implementing its operational expenditures efficiency programme which aims to achieve 
cumulative savings of €100 million until 2025 and includes, among others measures, the 
digitalisation of processes, zero-based budgeting (a method of budgeting in which all expenses 
must be justified for each new period) and synergies from the Viesgo acquisition in Spain. 
3. 
ESG Excellence and attractive returns 
EDP is committed to delivering attractive returns through a sustainable dividend policy based on 
a target pay-out ratio of 75 to 85 per cent. of recurring net profit, with a dividend floor at €0.19 per 
share, allowing for potential future increases in the dividend per share in line with sustainable 
earnings per share growth. 
Furthermore, EDP is focused on delivering values to shareholders through a sustainable business 
model for the long term. Accordingly, EDP has committed to various sustainability targets by 2030 
and beyond, focused on a clear green positioning and facilitating the energy transition. 
EDP committed and has reported in accordance with UN Global Compact Principles since 2003. 
Since 2015, EDP endorses nine of the 17 Sustainable Development Goals ("SDGs") and in 2018 
EDP also committed to follow the recommendations of the Taskforce on Carbon-related Financial 
Disclosures until 2022. Moreover, in 2019, EDP signed up to the Business Ambition for 1.5ºC 
initiative, promoted by the United Nations. 
In this context, EDP has committed to establishing a CO2 emission reduction target, consistent with 
what climate science defines as necessary to limit global warming to the most demanding level of 
the Paris Agreement. As part of the decarbonisation of EDP's portfolio, in 2020 EDP joined the 
Powering Past Coal Alliance, the first global alliance to accelerate the end of coal power 
generation. EDP is also part of the Race to Zero, a global coalition set up by UN Global Compact 
for achieving neutrality carbonic by 2050 and the Science Based Targets initiative, and We Mean 
Business, to support a zero-carbon recovery that prevents future threats, creates decent jobs, and 
unlocks inclusive, sustainable growth. 
EDP is also focused on having a positive impact on society addressing adverse impacts associated 
with its activities, products and services and along its value chain through its ESG initiatives. EDP 
aims to become coal-free by 2025 and to have 100 per cent. renewable generation by 2030, 
anticipating carbon neutral targets to 2030. EDP targets to reduce specific CO2 emissions by 98 
per cent. by 2030 (compared to the levels of 2015) and decrease indirect CO2 emissions by 50 per 
cent. by 2030. These carbon neutrality targets have been validated by the Science Based Target 
initiative ("SBTi"), an organisation that evaluates and approves companies' initiatives for a low-
carbon economy and for fighting climate change. In this assessment, SBTi also recognises that 
EDP's decarbonisation strategy is in line with the trajectory defined by science, which aims to 
contain the increase in the global average temperature by 1.5°C. 
Sustainability within EDP 
Since the Board of Director's approval of the "Principles of Sustainable Development" in 2004, EDP has 
been committed to balancing the economic, environmental and social aspects of the EDP Group's activities.

--- Page 160 ---
- 152 - 
 
 
In the 2021-2025 strategic update, EDP announced "ESG excellence and attractive returns" as one of three 
pillars of its decision-making processes. 
The foundations of EDP's ESG policies are based on international norms and principles. These include: (i) 
the ten principles of UN Global Compact; (ii) the SDGs; (iii) the Water Framework Directive; (iv) EU 
Directives on Environmental Impact Assessment; (v) the UN Guiding Principles on Business and Human 
Rights; (vi) the Human and Labour Rights Policy; and (vii) the OECD Guidelines for Multinational 
Enterprises. EDP also reports periodic non-financial information in accordance with the highest 
international standards, such as the Global Reporting Initiative, the Task Force on Climate-related Financial 
disclosures, and the Sustainability Accounting Standards Board. 
As such, EDP is committed to environmental responsibility, particularly in the areas most relevant to the 
Group's strategy: climate change; circular economy; and biodiversity. This is demonstrated by the Group's 
ISO 14001:2015 certified corporate environmental management system, which the Group has held since 
2008. EDP has also been recognised as a leader in ESG practices by all of the main ESG rating agencies. 
Furthermore, as part of the decarbonisation of EDP's portfolio, EDP is pursuing a Just Transition and is 
transforming the coal sites in Iberia (Sines, Barrios, Puente Nuevo, Aboño and Soto) in green energy hubs, 
namely hydrogen, renewables and batteries projects. Since 2018, EDP has issued €7.8 billion in Green 
Bonds, in line with EDP's sustainability strategy and towards the progress of SDG 7. 
EDP has also established four strategic priorities in respect of social responsibility and contributions to the 
community: (i) to promote access to culture and protect cultural heritage; (ii) to promote social inclusion 
and the adoption of sustainable ways of life; (iii) valuing energy inclusion, access to energy and the 
protection of natural heritage and biodiversity; and (iv) to promote remote energy efficiency, renewable 
energy and decarbonisation. 
In addition, EDP has made further ESG commitments, including: 
 
committing to, and reporting in accordance with, the UN Global Compact Principles since 2003; 
 
endorsing eight of the 17 SDGs in 2015 (SDG 5, SDG 7, SDG 8, SDG 9, SDG 11, SDG 12, SDG 
13 and SDG 15); 
 
extending its commitment, in 2018, by including the ambition to contribute to achieving SDG 17; 
 
committing to the implementation of the Taskforce on Carbon-related Financial Disclosures' 
recommendations from 2018 until 2022; 
 
committing to establishing a CO2 emission reduction target in accordance with the most demanding 
level of the Paris Agreement from 2015; and 
 
since 2021, integrating the Sustainable Finance Action Platform in its operations and using key 
performance indicators to measure EDP's progress towards implementing the "CFO Principles on 
Integrated SDG Investment and Finance". 
To achieve these commitments and policies, EDP has implemented a framework for the governance of its 
sustainability objectives, which involves (i) supervision by the General and Supervisory Board; (ii) 
decision-making and approval from the Executive Board of Directors; and (iii) operational practices for 
managing, implementing and monitoring the Group's policies and sustainability strategy. Furthermore, 
EDP's Code of Ethics, which was recently reviewed in 2020, establishes the ethical principles and 
commitments that the EDP Group applies in all its activities and has a comprehensive range of good 
governance and work-place conduct policies. 
Environmental, Social and Governance 
As part of its strategic update, in February 2021, EDP announced the investment of €24 billion for the 2021-
2025 period. 80 per cent. of this investment will be in new renewable generation installed capacity, 15 per 
cent. in networks and 5 per cent. in client solutions and energy management for leading the energy transition 
and creating superior value. 
EDP has made several sustainability commitments as part of its strategy which are aligned with the SDGs 
and are embedded in the business plan announced in February 2021. These commitments will drive EDP’s

--- Page 161 ---
- 153 - 
 
 
sustainability strategy and focus on five main areas: (i) decarbonisation for a climate-positive world; (ii) 
empowering communities for an active role in the transition; (iii) protecting the planet contributing to its 
regeneration; (iv) joining EDP’s partners for an impactful transformation and (v) driving a strong ESG 
culture towards long-term value creation. To operationalise its strategy EDP has defined some objectives, 
including: (i) to reach 100 per cent. of installed capacity and electricity generation from renewables by 
2030; (ii) reducing CO2 specific emissions (scope 1&2) in 98 per cent. by 2030 (started in 2015), and (iii) 
reducing 50 per cent. CO2eq emissions in scope 3 by 2030 (started in 2015). This reduction was recognised 
by the Science Based Target initiative ("SBTi"). With the defined trajectory, in 2030 EDP will maintain 
approximately 2 per cent. of CO2e emissions from scope 1 and 2 activities, representing about 500 thousand 
tons of CO2e that will have to be offset to ensure carbon neutrality in 2030 of EDP’s direct activities (scope 
1 and 2). However, EDP are committed to go further and to reinforce its ambition in establishing a Net-
Zero goal in 2022, aligned with the new SBTi Net Zero Guidelines Standard. 
EDP has also incorporated ESG criteria into the variable remuneration of the Executive Board of Directors 
under the remuneration policy since 2007.

--- Page 162 ---
- 154 - 
 
 
EDP'S OPERATING SEGMENTS 
1. 
Renewables 
Renewables capacity accounts for approximately 80 per cent.  of EDP's total installed capacity and is EDP's 
current main growth driver. Installed capacity as of 31 December 2021 totalled 21.3 GW, including 1.6 
GW equity of wind and solar in the United States and Iberia, and hydro in Brazil. The Group operates 
renewable energy assets in Europe (Spain, Portugal, France, Belgium, Italy, Poland, the UK, Greece and 
Romania), North America (United States, Canada and Mexico), Latin America (Brazil), and Asia 
(Vietnam). As of 31 December 2021, the average residual life of EDP's renewable portfolio was 
approximately 25 years. The following table provides an overview of EDP's installed renewables capacity 
by energy source and country for the years ended 31 December 2020 and 2021 (in MW). 
 
Year ended 31 December 2021 
Year ended 31 December 2020 
Total Installed Capacity 
Wind 
Onshore 
& Solar 
Hydro 
Total 
Wind 
Onshore 
& Solar 
Hydro 
Total 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Installed Capacity* .......................................  
12,490 
7,127 
19,617 
11,500 
7,127 
18,627 
Europe ...........................................................  
5,230 
5,527 
10,757 
4,769 
5,527 
10,296 
Portugal .......................................................  
1,142 
5,076 
6,218 
1,228 
5,076 
6,305 
Spain ...........................................................  
2,194 
451 
2,645 
2,137 
451 
2,589 
France ..........................................................  
181 
- 
181 
126 
- 
126 
Belgium .......................................................  
11 
- 
11 
10 
- 
10 
Poland .........................................................  
747 
- 
747 
476 
- 
476 
Romania ......................................................  
521 
- 
521 
521 
- 
521 
Italy .............................................................  
384 
- 
384 
271 
- 
271 
United Kingdom .........................................  
5 
- 
5 
- 
- 
- 
Greece .........................................................  
45 
- 
45 
- 
- 
- 
North America ..............................................  
6,438 
- 
6,438 
6,296 
- 
6,296 
United States ...............................................  
5,908 
- 
5,908 
5,828 
- 
5,828 
Canada .........................................................  
130 
- 
130 
68 
- 
68 
México ........................................................  
400 
- 
400 
400 
- 
400 
Latin America ...............................................  
795 
1,599 
2,394 
436 
1,599 
2,035 
Brazil ...........................................................  
795 
1,599 
2,394 
436 
1,599 
2,035 
Asia .................................................................  
28 
- 
28 
- 
- 
- 
Vietnam .......................................................  
28 
- 
28 
- 
- 
- 
Equity Installed Capacity* ..........................  
1,090 
551 
1,641 
668 
551 
1,219 
Europe ...........................................................  
498 
- 
498 
197 
- 
197 
Portugal .......................................................  
31 
- 
31 
30 
- 
30 
Spain ...........................................................  
156 
- 
156 
167 
- 
167 
Belgium .......................................................  
43 
- 
43 
- 
 
 
United Kingdom .........................................  
269 
- 
269 
- 
- 
- 
North America ..............................................  
592 
- 
592 
471 
- 
471 
United States ...............................................  
592 
- 
592 
471 
- 
471 
Brazil ..............................................................  
- 
551 
551 
- 
551 
551 
 _______________  
* 
Installed Capacity refers to 100 per cent. of the installed capacity of all of EDP's consolidated assets. Equity Installed Capacity 
refers to the installed capacity of EDP's equity method stakes multiplied by EDP's percentage of ownership. 
Wind onshore, offshore and solar energy represented 13,580 MW of capacity or 64 per cent. of EDP's total 
renewable installed capacity as of 31 December 2021, with a majority of these assets located in North 
America (52 per cent.) and Europe (42 per cent.). Hydroelectric power is generated in plants predominantly 
located in Iberia (72 per cent.) and Brazil (28 per cent.). 
During the year ended 31 December 2021 EDP added 2.6 GW of wind and solar capacity to its portfolio, 
including: (i) in wind onshore, Indiana Crossroads Wind Farm (302 MW), Reloj del Sol (209 MW), 
Headwaters II (198 MW), Wildcat Creek (180 MW) and Crossing Trails (104 MW) in the United States, 
and Nation Rise in Canada (100 MW); and (ii) in solar, the Pereira Barreto I-V in Brazil (204 MWac), the 
Riverstart plant in the United States (200 MWac), the distributed solar assets in the United States from C2 
Omega acquisition (72 MW) and the Trung Son project which marks EDP's entry in Vietnam (28 MW). 
Also, as part of EDP's asset rotation strategy, since the beginning of the year EDP completed the sale of: 
(i) a 221 MW wind portfolio located in Portugal; (ii) an 80 per cent. equity shareholding in the Riverstart 
Solar project (200 MWac) located in the United States, the remaining position is now accounted for under 
equity method (40 MW); (iii) the Build & Transfer Agreement of EDPR's 302 MW Indiana Crossroads 
Wind Farm in the United States; and (iv) 80 per cent. shareholding position in a portfolio of 405 MW. The 
remaining position is now accounted for under equity method (81 MW).

--- Page 163 ---
- 155 - 
 
 
EDP believes that it holds an attractive and diversified portfolio of renewable assets from a technological 
and geographic point of view. EDP's renewable energy portfolio typically has long-term contracts (either 
in the form of "PPAs", contracted tariffs or "feed-in tariffs"), which guarantee a sales price for each 
megawatt hours ("MWh") of electricity generated, thus limiting price risk of the portfolio significantly. 
Hydro capacity in Iberia, on the other hand, operates in the liberalised market, thus bearing both price and 
volume risk, although it benefits from high flexibility. In Brazil, a supportive regulatory structure with 
mostly contracted prices helps EDP's hydro assets to reduce the impact of potentially volatile weather 
conditions on its financial results, diversifying exposure to different regulatory frameworks as well as 
allowing for geographical diversification. 
EDP's hydro portfolio comprises 5,527 MW in Iberia (approximately 45 per cent. of which is pumping 
capacity) and 1,599 MW in Brazil. In Latin America, EDP additionally owns equity stakes in three hydro 
plants totalling 551 MW (Jari, Cachoeira-Caldeirão and S. Manoel, all in Brazil) and owns a minority stake 
in a hydro plant under construction in Peru (San Gaban, 78 MW net). 
EDP, through EDP Renováveis, has wind and solar projects in 15 markets: Portugal, Spain, United States, 
Brazil, Canada, Mexico, Belgium, France, Italy, Poland, Romania, the UK, Greece, Colombia and Vietnam. 
Overall, EDP Renováveis' capacity is long-term contracted with PPAs, feed-in tariffs or other types of 
incentive mechanisms to renewables. The most significant jurisdictions in terms of wind and solar capacity 
are: 
 
the United States, where typically PPAs are signed in tandem with tax incentives (production tax 
credits, for instance); 
 
Portugal, where feed-in tariffs are contracted; 
 
Spain, where volumes are sold in the liberalised market, but a premium is paid so as to compensate 
the shortfall up to a contracted return; and 
 
Brazil, where feed-in tariffs and, more recently PPAs are the standard. 
Other than EDP Renováveis' assets, the renewables segment also entails EDP's hydro capacity: 
 
In Iberia, mostly Portugal, EDP's hydro generation assets operate within the liberalised market and 
thus bear merchant risk, although EDP's hedging policy typically enables the reduction of short-
time price risk through derivatives contracting or through the vertical integration in EDP's portfolio 
of clients; and 
 
In Brazil, most of EDP's generation assets are contracted with long-term PPAs, mitigating price 
risk, although volume risk still exists nonetheless. 
EDP actively manages and continuously optimises the composition of its renewable energy portfolio by 
selling assets or holdings in accordance with its asset rotation policy, which allows it to monetise operating 
assets and redeploy capital to accelerate growth. The following table provides an overview of EDP's 
Renewables capacity additions, reductions and under construction for the year ended 31 December 2021 
(in MW). 
 
Additions in 
2021 
Reductions in 
2021 
Capacity under construction in 2021 
 
Wind Onshore 
& Solar 
Wind Onshore 
& Solar 
Wind Onshore 
& Solar 
Wind 
Offshore  
Hydro 
Total 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Installed Capacity* .................  
2,274 
1,283 
1,824 
- 
- 
1,824 
Europe ......................................  
682 
221 
421 
- 
- 
421 
Portugal ..................................  
135 
221 
- 
- 
- 
- 
Spain ......................................  
56 
- 
141 
- 
- 
141 
France ....................................  
56 
- 
21 
- 
- 
21 
Belgium .................................  
1 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
Poland ....................................  
272 
- 
100 
- 
- 
100 
Romania .................................  
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
Italy ........................................  
114 
- 
159 
- 
- 
159 
United Kingdom ....................  
5 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
Greece ....................................  
45 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
North America .........................  
1,204 
1,062 
320 
- 
- 
320 
United States ..........................  
1,142 
1,062 
224 
- 
- 
224

--- Page 164 ---
- 156 - 
 
 
 
Additions in 
2021 
Reductions in 
2021 
Capacity under construction in 2021 
 
Wind Onshore 
& Solar 
Wind Onshore 
& Solar 
Wind Onshore 
& Solar 
Wind 
Offshore  
Hydro 
Total 
Canada ...................................  
62 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
México ...................................  
- 
- 
96 
- 
- 
96 
Latin America ..........................  
359 
- 
1,084 
- 
- 
1,084 
Brazil .....................................  
359 
- 
580 
- 
- 
580 
Colombia 
- 
- 
504 
- 
- 
504 
Asia ...........................................  
28 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
Vietnam .................................  
28 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
Equity Installed Capacity** ...  
311 
110 
- 
- 
78 
79 
Europe ......................................  
311 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
Portugal ..................................  
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
Spain ......................................  
- 
-11 
- 
- 
- 
- 
Belgium .................................  
43 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
United Kingdom ....................  
269 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
North America .........................  
- 
121 
- 
- 
- 
- 
United States ..........................  
- 
121 
- 
- 
- 
- 
Latin America ..........................  
- 
- 
- 
- 
78 
78 
Brazil .....................................  
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
Peru ........................................  
- 
- 
- 
- 
78 
78 
Asia ...........................................  
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
Vietnam .................................  
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
 _______________  
* 
Installed Capacity refers to 100 per cent. of the installed capacity of all of EDP's consolidated assets. 
** Equity Installed Capacity refers to the installed capacity of EDP's equity method stakes multiplied by EDP's percentage of 
ownership. 
As at 31 December 2021, EDP's wind and solar capacity under construction totalled 1.8 GW. In North 
America, EDP has currently 0.3 GW of wind onshore and solar under construction. In Europe, EDP is 
building 0.4 GW of wind onshore and solar, mainly in Italy, Spain and Poland. In Latin America, EDP is 
building 0.6 GW and 0.5 GW of wind onshore in Brazil and Colombia, respectively. 
In 2021, EDP produced 45,608 GWh of clean electricity representing 75 per cent. of its production in its 
generation portfolio (4 per cent. below 2020). The following table provides an overview of EDP's 
renewable production volumes by technology and geographies in 2021 and 2020 (in MW). 
 
Year ended 31 December 2021 
Year ended 31 December 2020 
Total Generation 
Wind 
Onshore 
& Solar 
Hydro 
Total 
Wind 
Onshore 
& Solar 
Hydro 
Total 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Electricity Generation (GWh) .....................  
30,324 
15,283 
45,608 
28,538 
18,792 
47,330 
Europe ...........................................................  
11,358 
9,805 
21,162 
10,025 
13,249 
23,274 
Portugal .......................................................  
3,049 
9,033 
12,082 
2,624 
12,572 
15,196 
Spain ...........................................................  
4,979 
772 
5,751 
4,346 
677 
5,024 
France ..........................................................  
314 
- 
314 
212 
- 
212 
Belgium .......................................................  
22 
- 
22 
2 
- 
2 
Poland .........................................................  
1,176 
- 
1,176 
1,059 
- 
1,059 
Romania ......................................................  
1,116 
- 
1,116 
1,186 
- 
1,186 
Italy .............................................................  
689 
- 
689 
595 
- 
595 
United Kingdom .........................................  
4 
- 
4 
- 
- 
- 
Greece .........................................................  
9 
- 
9 
- 
- 
- 
North America ..............................................  
17,057 
- 
17,057 
17,421 
- 
17,421 
United States ...............................................  
15,814 
- 
15,814 
16,633 
- 
16,633 
Canada .........................................................  
255 
- 
255 
78 
- 
78 
México ........................................................  
987 
- 
987 
710 
- 
710 
Latin America ...............................................  
1,888 
5,478 
7,366 
1,093 
5,543 
6,636 
Brazil ...........................................................  
1,888 
5,478 
7,366 
1,093 
5,543 
6,636 
Asia .............................................................  
23 
- 
23 
- 
- 
- 
Vietnam .......................................................  
23 
- 
23 
- 
- 
- 
 
Renewables North America 
In North America, installed capacity (6.4 GW) is 94 per cent. wind and 6 per cent. PV (358 MW). 
Additionally, EDP owns equity stakes in other wind and solar projects totalling 592 MW. In line with EDP's 
long-term contracted growth strategy, the 1.2 GW additions to EDP's portfolio in 2021 were PPA 
contracted. In 2021, approximately 90 per cent. of total installed capacity was PPA/hedged contracted.

--- Page 165 ---
- 157 - 
 
 
Electricity production decreased 2 per cent. year-on-year despite the 6 per cent. increase of average installed 
capacity, as average wind resources were 6 per cent. short of long-term average, particularly in the first 
quarter of 2021 on the back of abnormally low resources in Central and East regions and penalised by the 
operating restrictions on EDP's wind fleet associated to the Polar Vortex event in the United States in 
February. Average selling price flat year-on-year was at USD 44 per MWh. 
Renewables Iberia 
Wind & solar output in Iberia increased by 15 per cent. year-on-year, to 8.0 TWh, due to higher average 
capacity installed (+0.3 GW) and an improvement of 6 percentage points year-on-year of wind resources 
to long-term average in Portugal, following a strong fourth quarter. Average selling price fell by 15 per 
cent. year-on-year in Spain due to the hedging strategy in place combined with a weaker wind resource, 
particularly in the third quarter of 2021, and with the substantial increase in pool prices. 
Renewables in the rest of Europe 
In the rest of Europe (excluding Iberia), EDP's installed capacity is mostly focused on onshore wind (1,843 
MW), while solar capacity is based in Romania (50 MW). During the year ended 31 December 2021, EDP 
added 491 MW to its portfolio, including the first wind onshore projects in Greece (45 MW) and UK (5 
MW). EDP currently have 0.3 GW under construction, 159 MW in Italy, 100 MW in Poland and 21 MW 
in France and Belgium. 
Output increased 9 per cent. to 3.3 TWh, as the 1 percentage point year-on-year decline in average load 
factor, was offset by the 14 per cent. increase of average installed capacity to 1.5 GW. 
Renewables Brazil 
EDP's renewable portfolio in Brazil encompasses 2.4 GW of consolidated installed capacity, 67 per cent. 
of which is in hydro, mostly PPA-contracted, and 33 per cent. of which is in wind onshore and solar. 
Additionally, EDP owns equity stakes in hydro plants, representing an attributable capacity of 551 MW. 
Solar installed capacity increased to 204 MW with the installation of Pereira Barreto I-V Park in 2021. The 
increased load factor from 38 per cent. to 41 per cent. year-on-year coupled with the increase in wind 
capacity (+51 MW), translated into an increase in wind and solar output of 73 per cent. to 1,888 GWh (vs. 
1,093 GWh in 2020). This resulted in an overall increase in wind and solar gross profit to R$431m (+101 
per cent. year-on-year).

--- Page 166 ---
- 158 - 
 
 
2. 
Networks 
EDP's Networks operating segment comprises activities related to electricity distribution in the Iberian 
Peninsula and Brazil, as well as the Group's electricity transmission operations in Brazil. 
Electricity distribution is an activity regulated under licences or concessions. Since these activities are 
highly regulated, they provide long-term stable and predictable cash flow streams as well as significant 
growth prospects in the context of the energy transition. 
EDP's electricity distribution grid extends over 378,155 km as of 31 December 2021. During 2021, EDP 
distributed 84,885 GWh of electricity to over 11,427 supply points. EDP's distribution grid does not include 
gas distribution, which EDP discontinued in 2017 following the disposal of all of its gas distribution assets 
in Spain and Portugal. 
The following table provides an overview of key operational indicators of EDP's Networks business as of 
31 December 2020 and 2021: 
 
31 December 2021 
31 December 2020 
 
Network 
length 
(km) 
Distributed 
Volume 
(GWh) 
Supply 
points 
('000) 
Network 
length 
(km) 
Distributed 
Volume 
(GWh) 
Supply 
points 
('000) 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Distribution Networks .............. 
378,155 
84,885 
11,427 
375,777 
76,360 
11,274 
Portugal .................................... 
230,676 
44,752 
6,370 
229,168 
44,143 
6,302 
Spain ........................................ 
52,493 
14,117 
1,376 
52,492 
7,559 
1,371 
Brazil ....................................... 
94,986 
26,016 
3,680 
94,118 
24,658 
3,601 
Transmission Networks 
162 
- 
- 
113 
- 
- 
Brazil ....................................... 
162 
- 
- 
113 
- 
- 
 
Revenue for electricity distributors in Portugal, Spain and Brazil is determined by a remuneration 
framework based on regulatory asset base ("RAB"). Under this model, regulators approximate how much 
money a distribution network company has invested in the energy infrastructure network and recognises a 
return on that investment. The aggregate RAB of the Group's distribution networks amounted to 
approximately €6.2 billion as of 31 December 2021 (76 per cent. based in Iberia and 24 per cent. in Brazil), 
an increase of 3 per cent. from 2020. This remuneration framework is thus mostly dependent of the 
investment on RAB and the return allowed on the investments. Investments are allowed by the regulator 
under a specific benchmark or set of assumptions for cost of investment and the network operators may 
either outperform or underperform such benchmark. Demand bears little impact on the remuneration of 
distribution in Portugal and none in Spain, while for Brazil its impact is more significant, even though a 
remuneration framework on RAB is still followed. 
Distribution in Iberia 
Portugal 
Electricity Distribution 
E-Redes is EDP's regulated electricity distribution company in Portugal, which operates under a public 
service concession. Within the scope of its activity, E-Redes performs approximately 95 per cent. of the 
electricity distribution in Portugal. 
E-Redes had over 230,000 km of network in Portugal on 31 December 2021, (an increase of 1 per cent. 
year-on-year), of which 78 per cent. corresponds to overhead lines and 22 per cent. to underground lines. 
For the year ended 31 December 2021, the volume of electricity distributed increased by 1 per cent. to 
44,752 GWh from 44,143 GWh in 2020, mainly due to the recovery effect from the COVID-19 pandemic. 
E-Redes had 6.4 million supply points in 2021, a 1 per cent. increase compared to the previous year. 
Service quality 
The quality of E-Redes' technical service, monitored by the Energy Services Regulatory Authority 
("ERSE"), is measured by the indicator "installed capacity equivalent interruption time" ("ICEIT"), which 
measures the specific amount of interruption time under EDP's control. In 2021, ICEIT decreased 17 per 
cent. year-on-year to approximately 50 minutes, remaining below the regulator's benchmark.

--- Page 167 ---
- 159 - 
 
 
E-Redes continued to invest in the maintenance of its systems and continues to undertake new technical 
and organisational initiatives, which have enabled its distribution network to function properly despite 
adverse weather conditions. E-Redes is particularly focused on Portuguese regions that have historically 
recorded comparatively lower levels of quality of service, for which it has devised specific improvement 
plans that include maintenance, restructuring and strengthening of networks. 
Innovation 
The transition towards a smarter network is a key enabling factor of the energy transition and an 
increasingly important part of E-Redes' strategy. To increase efficiency, reduce costs and improve the 
quality of supply, while also allowing for distributed generation and servicing of electric vehicles, E-Redes 
developed InovGrid. InovGrid is an innovative project that seeks to introduce advanced metering 
infrastructure improvements to its network management capability in Portugal through the use of smart 
meters. E-Redes believes that InovGrid will bring significant benefits to customers, with increased control 
over energy consumed, increased flexibility of tariffs and value added services. 
During 2021, E-Redes installed 775,000 Boxes smart meters ("EBs") in Portugal, resulting in a total 
installed base of approximately 4.0 million EBs as of 31 December 2021. 
In addition to smart metering, E-Redes is introducing remote metering in all locations of transformers and 
public lighting circuits. It has also installed distribution transformer controllers to monitor the grid in low-
voltage substations. As of 31 December 2021, there were approximately 34,000 distribution transformer 
controllers installed in Portugal, of which around 7,100 units were installed between 1 January and 31 
December 2021. 
Operational Efficiency 
The increase in operational efficiency at E-Redes has allowed more customers to be served and more energy 
distributed with fewer employees. At E-Redes, the ratio of supply points per employee, frequently used as 
a measure of productivity in distribution companies, increased from 1,052 in 2004 to 2,213 for the year 
ended 31 December 2021. The energy distributed per employee as of 31 December 2021 was 15.5 GWh 
compared to 7.4 GWh in 2004. 
Spain 
Electricity Distribution 
E-Redes España is EDP's Spanish regulated electricity distribution company that operates under a public 
service licence. E-Redes España has an electricity distribution network covering the regions of Asturias 
(representing a large majority of its network), Cantabria, Murcia, the Basque Country, Madrid, Valencia, 
Catalonia and Aragon, totalling 52,493 km on 31 December 2021. 
The volume of electricity distributed by the Group in Spain grew 87 per cent. to 14,117 GWh in 2021 from 
7,559 GWh in 2020, largely due to the acquisition of Viesgo at the end of 2020. As of 31 December 2021, 
EDP España's electricity distribution business had approximately 1,376,000 supply points, a flat figure 
compared to the previous year. 
Service Quality 
Investments made in recent years together with the continuous employment of good work practices have 
resulted in a decrease in supply interruptions over the period under review. Despite the challenging 
topographic characteristics in most of its market, EDP believes that EDP España is a leader in service 
quality in the Spanish electricity system. In 2021, ICEIT increased 6 minutes compared to the same period 
last year, to 20.5 minutes. 
Efficiency of operations 
The results of EDP España's distribution network reflect the Group's continued efforts to maintain a high 
level of efficiency. In the electricity distribution area, productivity in the year ended 31 December 2021 
was 25.6 GWh distributed per employee and 2,498 supply points per employee.

--- Page 168 ---
- 160 - 
 
 
Brazil 
Electricity Distribution 
Power transmission and distribution activities are natural monopolies in Brazil. Most Brazilian power 
distribution consumers are still legally obliged to purchase energy from the local distribution companies to 
which they are connected. As such, the regulated electricity market in Brazil is composed mainly of 
distribution companies and captive consumers whose commercial relationship is fully regulated by the 
Brazilian National Electric Energy Agency ("ANEEL"). 
EDP's distribution activities in Brazil are carried out by two concessionaires, EDP São Paulo and EDP 
Espírito Santo which together serve more than 3.7 million customers. EDP São Paulo distributes electricity 
in 28 cities in Alto Tietê, Vale do Paraíba and regions of the north coast in São Paulo State and EDP Espírito 
Santo performs its activity in 70 cities in Espírito Santo State, which represents 90 per cent. of the territory 
of Espírito Santo. 
Distributed electricity in Brazil increased 6 per cent. in 2021 compared to 2020, reflecting the recovery 
from COVID-19 pandemic. There was also an increase in the number of supply points, to 3.7 million in 
2021 compared to 3.6 million in the previous year. 
In December 2021, EDP held 29.9 per cent. of the total shares of CELESC, the electricity utility company 
for the southern Brazilian state of Santa Catarina. 
Service Quality 
Equivalent Interruption Duration per Customer ("DEC") measures the time a customer has run out of 
electricity in a given period. ANEEL sets limits for this indicator and requires distribution companies to 
maintain a minimum level of service quality. To this end, EDP conducts regular preventive maintenance 
inspections and improvement measures to reduce the number of faults in the electricity grid and ensure the 
rapid recovery of operation in case of a fault. 
In year ended 31 December 2021, EDP Brasil posted stable results, with DEC 6.4 hours for EDP São Paulo 
(from 7.2 hours in 2020) and 7.6 hours for EDP Espírito Santo (from 7.9 hours in 2020) in compliance with 
ANEEL standards. 
Electricity transmission in Brazil 
The electricity system in Brazil is connected by transmission lines that transport electricity produced in 
remote areas of Brazil to major consumers' markets, mainly located in the south-east of the country. The 
grid is actually managed by the Operator of the National Electricity System, a non-profit entity responsible 
for the coordination and control of generation and transmission installations in the National Interconnected 
System to reduce global costs and enhance security of supply, especially during dry seasons. 
In October 2016, EDP Brasil won its first transmission concession and in April 2017, EDP Brasil 
strengthened its position in the Brazilian electric transmission market by winning a concession to operate 
four additional electricity transmission lines in a regulated area. As a result, EDP Brasil invested over R$3 
billion in the construction of approximately 1,300 km of transmission lines in the states of Santa Catarina, 
São Paulo, Minas Gerais, Espírito Santo and Maranhão, which are all already operating as at 30 of June 
2022 (all ahead of ANNEL’s schedule). 
On 28 May 2019, EDP announced the acquisition of a transmission line with a total length of 142 km and 
two sub-stations, from CEE Power and Brafer, for R$407 million, including acquisition price and 
investment amount.  
In December 2021, EDP sold three transmission lines already in operation (about 439 km) to Actis for 
R$1.3 billion. 
On 7 February 2022, EDP concluded the investment in 99.99 per cent. of Celg Transmissão S.A. ("Celg-
T") equity shares, for an amount of R$2,115 million.

--- Page 169 ---
- 161 - 
 
 
3. 
Clients Solutions and Energy Management 
The Clients Solutions and Energy Management segment includes customer services, energy trading and 
thermal generation in Portugal, Spain and Brazil. 
Clients Solutions and Energy Management in Iberia 
For the year ended 31 December 2021, EDP supplied 28,615 GWh of electricity to approximately 4 million 
customers and 8,053 GWh of gas to approximately 654,000 customers in Iberia. The following table sets 
forth EDP's electricity and gas customer base in Iberia as of 31 December 2021 and 31 December 2020, as 
well as volumes sold during 2021 and 2020. 
 
31 December 2021 
31 December 2020 
 
Electricity 
Gas 
Electricity 
Gas 
 
B2B 
B2C 
B2B 
B2C 
B2B 
B2C 
B2B 
B2C 
Customers ('000) .................... 
147 
3,897 
8 
647 
147 
3,908 
9 
648 
Portugal .................................... 
125 
3,897 
4 
647 
125 
3,908 
4 
648 
Spain ......................................... 
22 
- 
4 
- 
22 
- 
6 
- 
Energy Supplied (GWh) ........ 
20,217 
8,399 
6,522 
1,530 
17,116 
10,331 
10,990 
4,815 
Portugal .................................... 
9,257 
8,399 
2,705 
1,530 
8,697 
8,398 
2,572 
1,555 
Spain ......................................... 
10,959 
- 
3,818 
- 
8,418 
1,934 
8,418 
3,260 
 
As at 31 December 2021, the number of electricity clients in Portugal and Spain (B2B only) remain stable, 
as EDP maintains its focus on service quality and is leveraging on its customer portfolio to increase the 
share of wallet. 
EDP believes that its energy services business will play an increasingly important role in retaining 
customers and in creating value for EDP and its customers. EDP is focused on designing and implementing 
value-added solutions for B2B and B2C customers, from energy efficiency and microgeneration, to 
electricity quality monitoring and maintenance of electrical equipment. The penetration rate of new services 
increased by 10 per cent. from 2020 to 2021 to 31 per cent. in December 2021, as a consequence of a 16 per 
cent. increase in the number of Funciona. EDP keeps growing into new energy solutions involving its clients 
in the energy transition and, in 2021, EDP installed approximately 7,000 distributed solar panels (a 48 per 
cent. increase compared to 2020) in Portugal B2C. 
In total, the amount of electricity supplied in 2021 decreased by 16 per cent. compared to 2020 despite the 
recovery from the COVID-19 pandemic. This was mainly driven by the sale of EDP's B2C portfolio in 
Spain in 2020. 
Portugal 
Supply of Electricity and Natural Gas 
EDP currently holds the leading position in the Portuguese electricity supply domestic market, according 
to ERSE, and supplies electricity and natural gas to customers in the liberalised market through EDP 
Comercial. 
Supply in the liberalised market 
The electricity sold by EDP Comercial in 2021 amounted to 17,656 GWh, compared to 17,095 GWh in 
2020. As at 31 December 2021, the number of customers was approximately 4,022 thousand, compared to 
4,033 thousand customers at 31 December 2020. This decrease in customers is a function of price 
competition in the supply market. 
Regarding gas supply, EDP's successful dual offer (electricity and gas) to residential and small B2C, 
continued steadily. EDP Comercial's B2C gas customers in the year ended 31 December 2021 stood at 
647,000  compared to 648,000 in the year ended 31 December 2020. 
Last Resort Supplier 
Under Portuguese law, transitory last resort supply tariffs are available to encourage Portuguese customers 
to switch to the liberalised natural gas and electricity markets. Customers can nevertheless opt for a 
regulated tariff even if they have moved to the liberalised market.

--- Page 170 ---
- 162 - 
 
 
In Portugal, EDP supplies electricity in the regulated market through SU Eletricidade, formerly EDP 
Serviço Universal, S.A. The prices that SU Eletricidade charges for the electricity supplied to the customers 
remaining in the regulated market are uniform throughout mainland Portugal and subject to extensive 
regulation. Revenues for last resort suppliers comprise different components according to the regulated 
activity: (i) the costs with the purchase and sale of energy and the access to the networks are fully recovered 
and recognised in the regulated cost base; and (ii) the operational expenditure for the commercialisation 
activity, which is subject to a price-cap mechanism, with an efficiency factor of 1.5 per cent. Total clients 
supplied by SU Eletricidade in the year ended 31 December 2021 declined by 4 per cent. to 930,000  from 
965,000 as of 31 December 2020. Volumes supplied by SU Eletricidade fell from 2.4 TWh in 2020 to 2.3 
TWh in the year ended 31 December 2021. 
EDP Gás SU is the entity responsible for the supply of natural gas in the regulated market. As of 
31 December 2021, EDP Gás SU had 32,0000  customers and supplied 155 GWh during 2021 a reduction 
of 6 per cent. and 8 per cent. year-on-year, respectively, mainly due to the switch from customers to the 
liberalised market. 
The following table provides an overview of the last resort supply customers and energy volumes as of 
31 December 2021 and 2020: 
 
Year ended 31 December 2021 
Year ended 31 December 2020 
 
Customers 
('000) 
Energy 
Supplied 
(GWh) 
Customers 
('000) 
Energy Supplied 
(GWh) 
 
 
 
 
 
Electricity .................................................. 
930 
2,343 
965 
2,413 
Gas .............................................................. 
32 
155 
34 
167 
 
Spain 
Supply of Electricity and Natural Gas 
In Spain, EDP supplies electricity and natural gas to customers in the liberalised market through EDP 
España and EDP Comercializadora. 
Supply in the liberalised market 
The electricity sold by EDP Comercializadora in 2021 amounted to 10,959 GWh, compared to 10,352 GWh 
in 2020. As of 31 December 2021, the number of customers was approximately 22,000, a stable figure 
when compared with the previous year. 
The volume of gas supplied by EDP Comercializadora in 2021 amounted to 3,818 GWh, compared to 
11,678 GWh in 2020. As of 31 December 2021, the number of customers was approximately 4,000, 
compared to approximately 6,000 customers as at 31 December 2020. This reduction in supply volume in 
2021 was the result of EDP's sale of its B2C portfolio to Total, S.A. in December 2020. 
Thermal Generation and Energy Management in Iberia 
EDP's thermal generation assets in Iberia have an aggregate total maximum capacity of 4.3 GW as of 31 
December 2021. CCGTs represent 67 per cent. of total maximum capacity, followed by coal plants (29 per 
cent.), nuclear plants (4 per cent.) and cogeneration plants (1 per cent.). 
The following table sets forth EDP's thermal installed capacity as of 31 December 2021 and 31 December 
2020, as well as electricity generation from its thermal infrastructure during 2021 and 2020. 
 
Year ended 31 December 2021 
Year ended 31 December 2020 
 
CCGT 
Coal 
Nuclear 
Cogeneration 
and Waste 
Total 
CCGT 
Coal 
Nuclear 
Cogeneration 
and Waste 
Total 
Installed Capacity ............. 
2,886 
1,970 
156 
23 
5,034 
3,729 
1,970 
156 
42 
5,054 
Portugal ............................... 
2,031 
- 
- 
17 
2,049 
2,031 
- 
- 
17 
2,049 
Spain ................................... 
854 
1,250 
156 
5 
2,265 
854 
1,250 
156 
25 
2,285 
Brazil 
- 
720 
- 
- 
720 
- 
720 
- 
- 
720 
Equity Installed Capacity. 
- 
- 
- 
10 
10 
- 
- 
- 
10 
10 
Portugal ............................... 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
Spain ................................... 
- 
- 
- 
10 
10 
- 
- 
- 
10 
10

--- Page 171 ---
- 163 - 
 
 
Power generation is a liberalised activity in Iberia. EDP sells its thermal electricity output in Mercado 
Ibérico de Electricidade – Iberian Electricity Market ("MIBEL") directly to energy consumers at spot 
market prices set on a daily basis. 
Iberia 
EDP's thermal generation infrastructure in Portugal consist of two power plants. The plants are CCGT 
installations located in Carregado (CCGT do Ribatejo with an installed capacity of 1,169 MW) and Figueira 
da Foz (Lares I and Lares II with an installed capacity of 863 MW). 
Production in 2021 decreased 48 per cent. compared to 2020, largely explained by the reduction in both gas 
and coal output. The Sines coal plant ceased production in late December 2020, after completing the 
burning of coal stocks during the second half of 2020. Decommissioning works started on 15 January 2021. 
Also lower CCGT output (a decrease of 32 per cent. compared to 2020) reflected the lower residual thermal 
demand following the gas price increase in the market. 
As of 31 December 2021, EDP España had a total installed thermal capacity of 2,265 MW. CCGT power 
installations accounted for 854MW, coal-fired plants for 1,250 MW, and cogeneration and biomass plants 
for 5 MW. EDP also holds a minority participation in Central Nuclear Trillo I, A.I.E., which owns the 
nuclear power plant in Trillo, corresponding to 156 MW of the plant's net capacity of 1,003 MW. In line 
with the objective of reducing emissions from its existing thermal power plants, approximately 72 per cent. 
of EDP's coal portfolio in Spain owned DeSOx / DeNOx equipment on 31 December 2021. 
In December 2020, EDP completed the disposal to a subsidiary of Total, S.A. of: (i) two combined cycle 
gas turbine power plants (Castejón I and III), with 843 MW of installed capacity located in Navarra, North 
of Spain; and (ii) EDP's B2C energy supply business in Spain, which included 1.2 million clients in the free 
market. In addition, EDP and CIDE reached an agreement for the acquisition by CIDE of EDP's 50 per 
cent. stake in CHC, which was completed in February 2021. 
Energy Transition 
The acceleration of the energy transition process in recent years has led to a material deterioration of the 
operating outlook for coal plants in the Iberian market. The competitiveness of these assets has been 
negatively impacted by the higher cost of CO2 emissions, lower gas prices and the planned faster growth 
pace of renewable installed capacity. As a result, EDP has decided to anticipate the shutdown process of its 
coal power plants in Iberia. However, EDP continues to develop the following projects where its coal plants 
are located: 
(i) 
Sines: a generation licence waiver statement was obtained and has been effective since January 
2021. For this site, EDP has developed, in consortium with other companies, a project for the 
production of green hydrogen. This project has potential to export green hydrogen by sea and is 
within the scope of the EC's "Important Project of Common European Interest"; 
(ii) 
Soto de Ribera 3: EDP had anticipated a shutdown date for the plant during the course of 2021, but 
in late 2021, in response to extraordinary high energy prices, EDP kept operating this plant. 
Nevertheless, EDP is analysing the development of what it believes is an innovative project of 
energy storage for this site; and 
(iii) 
Aboño: EDP is in the process of converting the licence from a coal power plant to a furnace gas 
power plant. 
By the end of 2021, in response to extraordinary high energy prices, EDP temporarily increased its coal 
generation, however the plans to close these power plants are still on track. 
Clients Solutions, Thermal Generation and Energy Management in Brazil 
Clients and Energy Management 
EDP supplies electricity in the liberalised market in Brazil through EDP Comercializadora de Energia, 
which operates both inside and outside the concession areas of the two distributors of EDP Brasil that 
operate in the regulated market.

--- Page 172 ---
- 164 - 
 
 
EDP Comercializadora de Energia supplied 14,690 GWh in the year ended 31 December 2021, compared 
to 25,554 GWh in the previous year. The 42 per cent. decrease in electricity supplied is due to a decline in 
captive market customers, which have switched to other suppliers in the liberalised market, due primarily 
to price competition. 
EDP Grid and APS are EDP Brasil's business units leading the transition to the low carbon economy. The 
business operates based on the assumption that it is possible to reduce energy consumption by installing 
more efficient equipment and developing energy generation and cogeneration projects with less polluting 
alternative sources, prioritising the reuse of waste. EDP Grid is also responsible for the 'Group's solar energy 
operations in Brazil. 
Thermal Generation and Energy Management in Brazil 
EDP's thermal generation infrastructure in Brazil is concentrated in the Pecém 720 MW coal power plant 
located in the Ceará state. The plant has a PPA for remuneration according to availability of the plant 
thermal technical availability increased from 92 per cent. in 2020 to 94 per cent. in 2021, largely as a result 
of the Group's efforts to improve operation and maintenance standards above the regulatory target of 83.75 
per cent. 
EDP's thermal generation plant, Pecém I, was strongly used from February to mid December 2021 as a 
result of worse hydro conditions in the northeast of Brazil. In mid-December, as hydro conditions improved, 
generation activity of the plant stopped. Nevertheless, providing this plant is PPA remunerated based on 
availability, results tend to be stable and less dependent on actual production. 
EDP'S OTHER ACTIVITIES 
EDP also has financial interests in other energy and non-energy-related assets, notably a 10.6 per cent. 
indirect interest in Companhia de Electricidade de Macau – CEM, S.A. which is a utility company that acts 
as the exclusive concessionaire for transmission, distribution and supply of electricity in the Macau Special 
Administrative Region since 1985.

--- Page 173 ---
- 165 - 
 
 
LITIGATION 
At any given time, EDP and its subsidiaries may be party to litigation or subject to non-litigated claims 
arising out of the normal operations of its global business. These legal, arbitration or other actions involve 
customers, suppliers, employees, administrative, central, municipal, tax, environmental or other authorities. 
In addition to such matters listed below, 
Holders should refer to Note 29 (Provisions) and Note 4 (Critical accounting estimates and judgements in 
preparing financial statements) to the H1 2022 EDP Financial Statements and Note 36 (Provisions), Note 
4 (Critical accounting estimates and judgements in preparing financial statements) and Note 50 
(Investigation process about CMEC and DPH) to the 2021 EDP Financial Statements. 
Investigation regarding the early termination of certain PPAs, the costs for the maintenance of the 
CMEC and certain payments made in relation to its rights in respect of the Public Hydro Domain 
concession 
In 2003, changes in EU legislation occurred aiming to deepen the liberalisation of the energy sector. In 
parallel, the government of Portugal and Spain assumed the commitment for the implementation of MIBEL. 
Aiming to achieve such objectives, the Decree-Law no. 240/2004 was published, which provided for the 
early termination of the PPAs that were signed in 1996. As a result of this required early termination, EDP 
and REN agreed in 2005, subject to a set of conditions (and with amendments in 2007), to the early 
termination of their long-term PPAs, with effect on the date in which such conditions were met (meaning 
1 July 2007). One of such conditions was the grant of the right of use for the Public Hydro Domain ("DPH") 
until the useful life of the equipment and of the civil infrastructures, for each hydroelectric power plant. 
The methodology which was used to determine the amount of the compensation that EDP was entitled to 
receive in connection with such early termination, the CMEC, was approved by the EC in 2004 (Decision 
N161/2004) which considered the compensation as effectively and strictly necessary. Moreover, Decree-
Law no. 240/2004 was passed under legislative authorisation by the Portuguese parliament. 
On 8 March 2008, following the provision of Decree-Law no. 226-A/2007 that targeted the regularisation 
of historic rights regarding the use of DPH, the Portuguese government, REN and EDP Gestão da Produção 
signed several service concession arrangements for which EDP Produção paid €759 million as 
consideration of the economic and financial balance for the use of the DPH (including hydro resources tax, 
amounting to €55 million). The additional payment obligation did not exist within the 2004 legal framework 
that granted to hydroelectric power plants holders the option to continue to exploit such plants until the end 
of the respective useful life. 
In 2012, the EC and the Portuguese authorities ("Public Prosecution Services") received complaints 
concerning the early termination of the PPAs and the methodology used for the calculation of the CMEC, 
as well as in respect of EDP's rights to use the DPH. 
Following the complaint received, the EC requested clarifications from the Portuguese state in relation to 
the early termination of the PPAs and its replacement for the CMEC, having concluded in September 2013 
that the compensation payments received for early termination did not exceed what was necessary to repay 
the shortfall in investment costs repayable over the asset's lifetime, and determined that the implementation 
of the CMEC remains in keeping with the terms notified to and approved by the EC in 2004. Thus, the EC 
decided that no in-depth investigation into the CMEC process was required. Nevertheless, in the same 
document, the EC considered relevant to perform in-depth investigation regarding the concession rights of 
DPH by EDP plants. 
On 15 May 2017, the EC formally concluded its in-depth investigation into the DPH concession rights 
concluding that the compensation paid by EDP was compatible with market conditions. The EC also 
concluded that the financial methodology used to assess the price of the concessions was appropriate and 
resulted in a fair market price, and therefore, no state aid had been granted to EDP. 
As such, EDP believes that the amounts due for the termination of PPAs under the CMEC and the amount 
paid for the DPH concession rights were fair and in compliance with market conditions and based on arm's 
length transactions. 
On 2 June 2017, EDP became aware of Portugal's Public Prosecution Services investigation (the 
"Investigation") in relation to the amounts due to EDP for the termination of the PPAs and compensation

--- Page 174 ---
- 166 - 
 
 
paid by EDP for the DPH concessions (in the context of which EDP allegedly has been favoured in the 
amount of €1.2 billion, of which: (i) €339.5 million allegedly relate to the use of inadequate interest rates 
in the calculation and tariff repercussion of the initial CMEC; (ii) €852 million allegedly relate to the use 
of incorrect interest rates in the valuation of the DPH; and (iii) €55 million allegedly relating to a supposed 
"pardon" of the water resources tax). Portugal's Public Prosecution Services stated that the Investigation 
relates to possible crimes of active and passive corruption and economic participation in business and it 
conducted searches at the offices of EDP, grid operator REN and the local division of a consulting group. 
In the context of the Investigation, the Portuguese Public Prosecution Services stated that Mr. António Luís 
Guerra Nunes Mexia and Mr. João Manuel Manso Neto, then chairman and member of the Executive Board 
of Directors of EDP– Energias de Portugal, S.A., respectively, as well as former EDP directors that had 
signed the relevant contracts, were named as targets of the Investigation. 
On 5 June 2020, EDP – Energias de Portugal, S.A.'s then Chairman of the Executive Board of Directors, 
Mr. António Luís Guerra Nunes Mexia, and then Member of the Executive Board of Directors of EDP Mr. 
João Manuel Manso Neto, were notified of the Public Prosecution Services' proposals to the Portuguese 
Central Court of Criminal Instruction (the "Court") regarding a review of the measures of constraint against 
such individuals in connection with the Investigation. The proposed measures being sought by the Public 
Prosecution Services included the suspension of their functions as members of the Executive Board of 
Directors of EDP – Energias de Portugal, S.A. and its subsidiaries. 
On 6 July 2020, the Court adopted the measures of constraint being sought by the Public Prosecution 
Services and Mr. António Luís Guerra Nunes Mexia and Mr. João Manuel Manso Neto were suspended 
from their functions at EDP and its subsidiaries.  The Investigation continues in the inquiry phase and 
neither Mr. António Luís Guerra Nunes Mexia nor Mr. João Manuel Manso Neto have been formally 
charged. The General and Supervisory Board and the Executive Board of Directors designated Mr. Miguel 
Stilwell de Andrade as Interim (now effective) Chairman of the Executive Board of Directors of EDP – 
Energias de Portugal, S.A. while Mr. António Luís Guerra Nunes Mexia was suspended, in addition to his 
former role as Chief Financial Officer. 
On 30 November 2020, and as disclosed to the market on such date, EDP received a letter from Mr. António 
Mexia, suspended Chief Executive Officer, and a letter from Mr. João Manso Neto, suspended Member of 
the Executive Board of Directors, informing EDP – Energias de Portugal, S.A. of their unavailability to 
join any candidate list to the corporate bodies of EDP for the upcoming term-of-office (2021-2023). 
On 19 January 2021, an Extraordinary General Shareholders’ Meeting was held, and a new management 
team was appointed to the Executive Board of Directors, for the 2021-2023 period. 
As the Investigation is ongoing, there can be no assurance as to its ultimate outcome, including whether 
any formal charges will be brought against any persons or entities. It is not possible to predict any outcome 
at this stage in the process. 
In the context of the Investigation, EDP– Energias de Portugal, S.A. has been named as a defendant 
regarding the alleged improper hiring of the father of the former energy secretary of state, Mr. Artur 
Trindade 
On 13 July 2020, EDP was notified that, in the context of the Investigation, the Public Prosecution Services 
has requested that EDP be named as a defendant – under articles 374 (active corruption) and 374-A 
(qualification) of the Portuguese Penal Code – in connection with the alleged improper hiring of the father 
of the former Energy Secretary of State, Mr. Artur Trindade (also named Artur Trindade) as an external 
consultant to EDP's Institutional Relations and Stakeholders Department, between 2012 and 2016. 
According to the notification, the Public Prosecution Services proposed to convene a hearing of EDP's legal 
representative. To date, such diligence has already occurred and EDP was named as a defendant in the 
context of such Investigation. EDP believes that there are no grounds for the reasons why EDP has been 
named as a defendant and is waiting for the conclusion of the Investigation. As of the date of this Offering 
Memorandum, it is uncertain when the Investigation will be concluded.

--- Page 175 ---
- 167 - 
 
 
REGULATORY FRAMEWORK 
EUROPEAN ENERGY POLICY 
1. 
Clean Energy for All Europeans 
On 30 November 2016, the EC presented a package proposal, known as the Clean Energy for All Europeans 
("CEP"), which was prepared pursuant to the commitments undertaken in the Paris Agreement, adopted on 
12 December 2015 at COP21, to facilitate the transition away from fossil fuels toward clean energy.  
The CEP consists of the following legislative acts (after publication in the Official Journal of the EU 
("OJEU"), Regulations apply directly to all EU Member States while Directives have to be transposed into 
national law): 
 
Directive 2018/844 of the European Parliament and of the Council of 30 May 2018, amending 
Directive 2010/31/EU on the energy performance of buildings and Directive 2012/27/EU on 
energy efficiency; 
 
Regulation (EU) 2018/1999 of the European Parliament and of the Council of 11 December 2018 
on the Governance of the Energy Union and Climate Action; 
 
Directive (EU) 2018/2001 of the European Parliament and of the Council of 11 December 2018 
on the promotion of the use of energy from renewable sources (recast); 
 
Directive (EU) 2018/2002 of the European Parliament and of the Council of 11 December 2018 
amending Directive 2012/27/EU on energy efficiency; 
 
Regulation (EU) 2019/941 of the European Parliament and of the Council of 5 June 2019 on risk-
preparedness in the electricity sector and repealing Directive 2005/89/EC; 
 
Regulation (EU) 2019/942 of the European Parliament and of the Council of 5 June 2019 
establishing a European Union Agency for the Cooperation of Energy Regulators; 
 
Regulation (EU) 2019/943 of the European Parliament and of the Council of 5 June 2019 on the 
internal market for electricity;  
 
Directive (EU) 2019/944 of the European Parliament and of the Council of 5 June 2019 on common 
rules for the internal market for electricity and amending Directive 2012/27/EU; and 
 
Regulation (EU) 2022/869 of the European Parliament and of the Council of 30 May 2022 on 
guidelines for trans-European energy infrastructure, amending Directive 2009/73/EC. 
The changes in the EU energy policy framework intend to bring considerable benefits from a consumer, 
environmental and economic perspective. They also underline the EU's leadership in tackling global 
warming and aim to provide an important contribution to the EU's long-term strategy of achieving carbon 
neutrality by 2050. 
In particular, the CEP updates the following EU targets for 2030:  
 
40 per cent. cut in greenhouse gas (GHG) emissions compared to 1990 levels; 
 
32 per cent. for renewable energy sources (RES) in the EU's energy mix; 
 
32.5 per cent. energy efficiency target, relative to a baseline scenario established in 2007; and 
 
15 per cent. of interconnection capacity.

--- Page 176 ---
- 168 - 
 
 
2. 
Long Term Strategy for 2050 – "Clean Planet for all" 
On 28 November 2018, the EC set out its long-term vision for a prosperous, modern, competitive and 
climate neutral economy by 2050 (EC Communication COM(2018)773). 
The Commission's strategic vision was an invitation to all stakeholders to participate in a debate that would 
result in the submission by the EU and each of its Member States of a long-term low greenhouse gas 
emission development strategy by early 2020 to the United Nations Framework Convention on Climate 
Change ("UNFCCC"), as required under the Paris Agreement. The Portuguese Government submitted its 
long-term strategy to UNFCCC in September 2019. 
European Green Deal 
On 11 December 2019, the EC presented the European Green Deal, an ambitious package of measures that 
is meant to enable European citizens and businesses to benefit from a sustainable green transition and to 
ensure that there is no net emission of greenhouse gases by 2050, economic growth is decoupled from 
resource use and no person and place are left behind. Measures were accompanied with an initial roadmap 
of key policies ranging from cutting emissions, to investing in cutting-edge research and innovation, to 
preserving Europe's natural environment. One third of the EUR 1.8 trillion investments from the Next 
Generation EU Recovery Plan, and the EU's seven-year budget will finance the European Green Deal which 
consists of ten transformative policies (as well as 50 initiatives). 
European Climate Law 
Regulation (EU) 2021/1119 of the European Parliament and of the Council, of 30 June 2021, establishing 
the framework for achieving climate neutrality and amending Regulations (EC) No 401/2009 and (EU) 
2018/1999 (the "European Climate Law") sets out a binding objective of climate neutrality in the EU by 
2050 in pursuit of the long-term temperature goal set out in the Paris Agreement, and provides a framework 
for achieving a global adaptation goal established in such agreement. This regulation also sets out a binding 
EU target of a net domestic reduction in greenhouse gas emissions by 2030. 
The European Climate Law includes measures to keep track of progress and adjust actions, accordingly, 
based on existing systems such as the governance process for Member States' national energy and climate 
plans, regular reports by the European Environment Agency, and the latest scientific evidence on climate 
change and its impacts. Progress will be reviewed every five years, in line with the global stocktake exercise 
under the Paris Agreement. 
"Fit for 55" Package 
On 14 July 2021, the EC unveiled its first batch of the "Fit for 55" package of revised climate and energy 
laws aiming to align key EU policies with the new 55 per cent. net-emissions reduction by 2030 policy and 
putting it on track to hit EU carbon neutrality by 2050.  On 29 June 2022, the European Council and the 
European Parliament adopted their General Approach on "Fit for 55" and the whole package of reforms is 
expected to be published during 2023. 
Next Generation EU – Green Recovery Plan 
In May 2020, the EC proposed a new recovery instrument to support Member States in repairing their 
economies from the damage caused by the COVID-19 crisis, covering a large spectrum of economic 
activities. This instrument, designated "Next Generation EU", will raise money by temporarily lifting the 
maximum amount that the EU can request from Member States to cover its financial obligations to 2.0 per 
cent. of EU gross national income. This will allow the Commission to use its strong credit rating to borrow 
€750 billion on the financial markets. This additional funding will be repaid over a long period of time 
through future EU budgets, between 2028 and 2058. 
For the energy sector in particular, Next Generation EU does not provide any concrete policies, but is 
anchored in the European Green Deal, reinforcing its proposals, such as: 
 
Next Generation EU maintains the allocation of 25 per cent. of the budget to be devoted to climate; 
 
the Solvency Support Instrument must include decarbonisation targets;

--- Page 177 ---
- 169 - 
 
 
 
decarbonisation targets must be contemplated when designing public support to the transport sector; 
 
the Recovery and Resilience Facility of €672.5 billion could be partially used to support 
investments in building renovations; and 
 
the InvestEU programme was upgraded and will include investments in technologies that support 
the energy transition (excluding, inter alia, renewables, storage and clean hydrogen). 
To implement Next Generation EU, a political agreement will be required at both the level of the European 
Council and of the European Parliament. 
Taxonomy Regulation 
Regulation (EU) 2020/852 of the European Parliament and of the Council of 18 June 2020, known as the 
"Taxonomy Regulation", is a landmark in the achievement of the SDGs. It is a classification system for 
sustainable economic activities that will contribute to the European Green Deal by boosting investment in 
green and sustainable projects. The Regulation sets out six environmental objectives: 
 
climate change mitigation; 
 
climate change adaptation; 
 
sustainable use and protection of water and marine resources; 
 
transition to a circular economy; 
 
pollution prevention and control; and 
 
protection and restoration of biodiversity and ecosystems. 
An activity shall be considered compliant with the Taxonomy Regulation if it: 
 
contributes substantially to one or more of the above environmental objectives, or enables other 
activities to make a substantial contribution to one or more of them; 
 
does not significantly harm any of the other environmental objectives; 
 
complies with technical screening criteria set out in subsequent delegated acts; and 
 
is carried out in compliance with certain safeguards (as referred to in the "OECD Guidelines for 
Multinational Enterprises" and the "UN Guiding Principles on Business and Human Rights", 
including the principles and rights set out in the eight fundamental conventions identified in the 
"Declaration of International Labour Organisation on Fundamental Principles and Rights at 
Work" and the International Bill of Human Rights). 
On 6 July 2022, the European Parliament approved the Commission's Complementary Climate Delegated 
Act, including nuclear and gas, under certain conditions, as transitional fuels. This was published on the 
OJEU in 15 July 2022, and will enter into force on 1 January 2023. 
A first delegated act on sustainability activities for climate change adaptation and mitigation objectives (the 
"Climate Delegated Act") was published. on 9 December 2021 in the Official Journal. The Climate 
Delegated Act is applicable from 1 January 2022 and sets out, inter alia, the technical screening criteria for 
determining the conditions under which an economic activity qualifies as 'contributing substantially' to 
climate change mitigation or climate change adaptation. 
3. 
Energy Prices and Market Design 
Following the exceptional rise in global energy prices since mid- 2021, exacerbated by the conflict between 
Russia and Ukraine since February 2022, the EC has published a set of measures aimed at tackling rising

--- Page 178 ---
- 170 - 
 
 
energy prices in the short and medium term, in order to protect consumers and businesses and recognising 
the need to accelerate the energy transition, and guarantee energy security of supply for the EU. 
EC toolbox of measures to tackle rising energy prices (October 2021) 
The EC adopted a Communication on Energy Prices (the "Communication"), to tackle the exceptional rise 
in global energy prices, which is projected to last through the winter of 2022, and help Europe's people and 
businesses.  
The EC recognises gas as the main driver for the price spikes, with an increase of approximately 430 per 
cent. compared to 2019, which resulted in a 230 per cent. increase in wholesale electricity prices, and 
stresses the need to protect vulnerable customers and mitigate impacts for the most exposed businesses 
The Communication includes a "toolbox" that the EU and its Member States can use to address the 
immediate impact of price increases, and further strengthen resilience against future shocks. Short-term 
national measures include emergency income support to households, state aid for companies, and targeted 
tax reductions. The EC will also support investments in renewable energy and energy efficiency, examine 
possible measures on energy storage and purchasing of gas reserves; and assess the current electricity 
market infrastructure. 
Short-term measures that could be used by the Member States include the following: 
 
time-limited compensation measures, direct support to vulnerable consumers and implementation 
of safeguards to avoid grid disconnections; 
 
a reduction in taxation rates for vulnerable populations, in a time-limited and targeted way, and 
possible shifting of RES financing support schemes away from levies to sources outside the power 
bill; and  
 
state aid to companies or industries to weather the crisis and facilitate wider access to RES PPAs. 
Medium-term measures include the support of consumer empowerment by providing information on how 
they can participate in the energy market, reduce energy consumption and bills, generate their own energy 
and join energy communities. Member States should also focus on accelerating investment in RES and 
energy efficiency, addressing security of supply and supporting a just transition. 
REPowerEU: Joint European action for more affordable, secure and sustainable energy (March 2022) 
The EC has proposed a plan to make Europe independent from Russian fossil fuels well before 2030, 
starting with gas, in light of Russia's invasion of Ukraine. 
This plan also outlines a series of measures to respond to rising energy prices in Europe and to replenish 
gas stocks for next winter. REPowerEU will seek to diversify gas supplies, speed up the roll-out of 
renewable gases and replace gas in heating and power generation. This is expected to reduce EU demand 
for Russian gas by two thirds before the end of 2022. 
Furthermore, the EC is presenting Member States with additional guidance in relation to regulating prices 
in exceptional circumstances and redistributing revenue from high energy sector profits and emissions 
trading to consumers. EU state aid rules also offer Member States options to provide short-term support to 
companies affected by high energy prices, and help reduce their exposure to energy price volatility in the 
medium to long term. In April 2022, the EC presented a legislative proposal, which would require 
underground gas storage across the EU to be filled up to at least 90 per cent. of its capacity by 1 October 
each year. 
To address the skyrocketing energy prices, the EC intends to explore all possible options for emergency 
measures to limit the contagion effect of gas prices on electricity prices, such as temporary price limits. It 
will also assess options to optimise the electricity market infrastructure taking into account the final report

--- Page 179 ---
- 171 - 
 
 
of the ACER and other contributions on benefits and drawbacks of alternative pricing mechanisms to keep 
electricity affordable, without disrupting supply, and further investment in the green transition. 
The EC believes that it is possible to phase out the EU's dependence on fossil fuels from Russia before 
2030. In order to achieve this, the EC proposed a REPowerEU plan that will increase the resilience of the 
EU-wide energy system based on two pillars:  
 
diversifying gas supplies, via higher Liquefied Natural Gas (LNG) and pipeline imports from non-
Russian suppliers, and larger volumes of biomethane and renewable hydrogen production and 
imports; and  
 
a faster reduction in the use of fossil fuels in our homes, buildings, industry, and power system, by 
boosting energy efficiency, increasing renewables and electrification, and addressing infrastructure 
bottlenecks. 
In addition, the implementation of the "Fit for 55" proposals, as well as the measures in the REPowerEU 
plan, could gradually remove at least 155 billion cubic metres of fossil gas use, which is equivalent to the 
volume imported from Russia in 2021.  
The EC proposes to work with Member States to identify the most suitable projects to meet these objectives, 
building on the extensive work already done on national Recovery and Resilience Plans. 
REPowerEU Plan - A plan to rapidly reduce dependence on Russian fossil fuels and fast forward the green 
transition (May 2022) 
The EC has presented the REPowerEU Plan, its response to the hardships and global energy market 
disruption caused by Russia's invasion of Ukraine.  
The measures in the REPowerEU Plan are based on the following five pillars:  
(i) Saving energy 
The EC proposes to enhance long-term energy efficiency measures, including an increase from 9 
per cent. to 13 per cent. of the binding Energy Efficiency Target under the "Fit for 55" package. 
The EC also published an "EU Save Energy Communication" detailing short-term behavioural 
changes which could cut gas and oil demand by 5 per cent. and encouraging Member States to start 
specific communication campaigns targeting households and industry. Member States are also 
encouraged to use fiscal measures to encourage energy savings, such as reduced VAT rates on 
energy efficient heating systems, building insulation and appliances and products. The EC has also 
set out contingency measures in case of severe supply disruption, and will issue guidance on 
prioritisation criteria for customers and facilitate a coordinated EU demand reduction plan. 
(ii) Diversifying supplies and supporting international partners 
The EU has been working with international partners to diversify supplies for several months, and 
has secured record levels of LNG imports and higher pipeline gas deliveries. The newly created 
EU Energy Platform, supported by regional task forces, will enable voluntary common purchases 
of gas, LNG and hydrogen by pooling demand, optimising infrastructure use and coordinating 
outreach to suppliers. 
As a next step, and replicating the ambition of the common vaccine purchasing programme, the 
EC is considering the development of a joint purchasing mechanism that will govern the 
negotiation and contracts related to gas purchases on behalf of participating Member States. This 
is also expected to enable joint purchasing of renewable hydrogen. 
The EU External Energy Strategy adopted is expected to facilitate energy diversification and 
building long-term partnerships with suppliers, including cooperation on hydrogen or other green 
technologies. 
(iii) Accelerating the roll-out of renewables

--- Page 180 ---
- 172 - 
 
 
A massive scaling-up and speeding-up of renewable energy in power generation, industry, 
buildings and transport will accelerate EU independence, give a boost to the green transition, and 
reduce prices over time. The EC proposes to increase the headline 2030 target for renewables from 
40 per cent. to 45 per cent. under the "Fit for 55" package. Setting this overall increased target will 
create the framework for other initiatives, including: 
 
a dedicated EU Solar Strategy to double solar photovoltaic capacity by 2025 and install 
600GW by 2030; 
 
a Solar Rooftop Initiative with a phased-in legal obligation to install solar panels on new 
public and commercial buildings and new residential buildings; 
 
doubling of the rate of deployment of heat pumps, and measures to integrate geothermal 
and solar thermal energy in modernised district and communal heating systems; 
 
a EC Recommendation to tackle slow and complex permission processes for major 
renewable projects, and a targeted amendment to the Renewable Energy Directive to 
recognise renewable energy as an overriding public interest. Dedicated "go-to" areas for 
renewables should be put in place by Member States with shortened and simplified 
permission processes in areas with lower environmental risks; 
 
setting a target of 10 million tonnes of domestic renewable hydrogen production and 10 
million tonnes of imports by 2030, to replace natural gas, coal and oil in hard-to-
decarbonise industries and transport sectors. The EC is also publishing two Delegated Acts 
on the definition and production of renewable hydrogen to ensure that production leads to 
net decarbonisation. To accelerate hydrogen projects, additional funding of €200 million is 
set aside for research, and the EC commits to complete its assessment of the first Important 
Projects of Common European Interest by the summer of 2022; and  
 
a Biomethane Action Plan sets out tools including a new Biomethane Industrial Alliance 
and financial incentives to increase production to 35bcm by 2030, including through the 
Common Agricultural Policy. 
(iv) Reducing fossil fuel consumption in industry and transport 
Energy savings, efficiency, fuel substitution, electrification, and an enhanced uptake of renewable 
hydrogen, biogas and biomethane by industry could save up to 35 billion cubic metres of natural 
gas by 2030 on top of what is foreseen under the "Fit for 55" proposals. 
The EC is expected to roll out carbon contracts for difference to support the uptake of green 
hydrogen by industry and specific financing for REPowerEU under the Innovation Fund. The EC 
is also giving guidance on renewable energy and power purchase agreements and will provide a 
technical advisory facility with the European Investment Bank and establish an EU Solar Industry 
Alliance and a large-scale skills partnership. 
To enhance energy savings and efficiencies in the transport sector and accelerate the transition 
towards zero-emission vehicles, the EC is expected to present a Greening of Freight Package, 
aiming to significantly increase energy efficiency in the sector, and to consider a legislative 
initiative to increase the share of zero emission vehicles in public and corporate car fleets above a 
certain size.  
(v) Smart Investment 
Delivering the REPowerEU objectives requires an additional investment of €210 billion between 
now and 2027. Cutting Russian fossil fuel imports can also save us almost €100 billion per year.  
To support REPowerEU, €225 billion is already available in loans under the RRF. In May 2022, 
the EC adopted legislation and guidance to Member States today on how to modify and 
complement their RRPs in the context of REPowerEU. In addition, the EC proposes to increase 
the RRF financial envelope with €20 billion in grants from the sale of EU ETS allowances currently 
held in the Market Stability Reserve, to be auctioned in a way that does not disrupt the market.

--- Page 181 ---
- 173 - 
 
 
"Save Gas for a Safe Winter": EC proposes gas demand reduction plan to prepare EU for supply cuts (July 
2022) 
The EC has proposed a new legislative tool and a European Gas Demand Reduction Plan, to reduce gas use 
in Europe by 15 per cent. until next spring and accelerate work on supply diversification, including joint 
purchasing of gas to strengthen the EU's possibility of sourcing alternative gas deliveries. 
The EC is proposing a new Council Regulation on Coordinated Demand Reduction Measures for Gas. The 
new Regulation would set a target for all Member States to reduce gas demand by 15 per cent. between 1 
August 2022 and 31 March 2023.  
Council Regulation (EU) 2022/1369, related to the coordinated demand-reduction measures for gas and 
published in the OJEU on 8 August 2022, allows the EC to declare, on a proposal from the Commission, a 
"Union Alert" on security of supply, imposing a mandatory gas demand reduction on all Member States. 
The Union Alert can be triggered when there is a substantial risk of a severe gas shortage or an exceptionally 
high gas demand. Member States should update their national emergency plans by the end of October 2022 
to show how they intend to meet the reduction target, and should report to the EC on progress every two 
months. Member States requesting solidarity of gas supplies will be required to demonstrate the measures 
they have taken to reduce demand domestically. 
Nevertheless, some exceptions may arise, namely, a Member State may limit the mandatory demand 
reduction by eight percentage points, provided that it demonstrates that its interconnection with other 
Member States measured in firm technical export capacity compared to its yearly gas consumption in 2021 
is below 50 per cent.

--- Page 182 ---
- 174 - 
 
 
IBERIAN PENINSULA 
MIBEL overview 
Since 1 July 2007, the electricity wholesale market in the Iberian Peninsula has been operated as a single, 
integrated electricity market for Portugal and Spain within the wider context of the European single 
electricity market, which is provided for in EU directives.  
MIBEL operates with an electricity spot market, which includes daily and intraday markets that are 
managed by the Spanish market operator – Operador del Mercado Ibérico de Energía, Polo Español, S.A., 
("OMIE") – and an electricity forward market that is managed by the Portuguese market operator – 
Operador do Mercado Ibérico de Energia – Pólo Português, S.A. ("OMIP"). 
Because the electricity spot market is a single and integrated market, prices are the same for Portugal and 
Spain, except for a residual number of hours during which there are congestions in the interconnection 
capacity and therefore a market split occurs. 
Iberian cap mechanism  
The EC has approved, under EU State aid rules, a €8.4 billion Spanish and Portuguese measure aimed at 
reducing wholesale electricity prices in the MIBEL by lowering the input costs of fossil fuel-fired power 
stations with the aim of reducing their production costs and, ultimately, prices in the wholesale electricity 
market, to the benefit of consumers. 
In Portugal, the cap mechanism was approved by Decree-Law no. 33/2022, of 14 May, which establishes 
an exceptional mechanism to adjust electricity production costs by setting a reference price for the natural 
gas consumed in the production of electricity traded on the MIBEL. This mechanism shall be in place until 
31 May 2023. 
The electricity generated by thermoelectric power plants and by cogeneration power plants with physical 
PPAs are excluded from the scope of Decree-Law no. 33/2022. As such, the offers made by such generators 
do not internalise the adjustment calculated pursuant to such Decree-Law. The daily adjustment is 
determined by the Nominated Electricity Market Operator ("NEMO") and its calculation corresponds to 
the differential (increased by a factor of 0.55) between the gas market price index and the natural gas 
reference price of €40/MWh, which will be increased from the seventh month of application of the 
adjustment mechanism, expressed in MWh. The NEMO also calculates the global adjustment to be passed 
on exclusively to electricity consumers within the electricity wholesale market (i.e., in practice, large 
consumers of electricity). 
The cost of liquidation of the market adjustment value shall not, however, impact the following types of 
consumption: 
 
pumping in hydroelectric plants; 
 
ancillary services of other power plants; 
 
storage systems, such as batteries; 
 
electricity supply agreements executed before 26 April 2022 and establishing fixed prices, 
except if these are renewed or if the contractual conditions concerning the electricity price 
are amended. 
The provisions on the repercussions of the cost adjustment, as well as other provisions set forth in the 
Decree-Law, require regulations to be approved by the national regulatory authority for energy services, 
ERSE. 
ERSE has approved Directive no. 11/2022, of 14 May, which approves the procedures and templates for 
compliance with the reporting obligations established by Decree-Law no. 33/2022, of 14 May and issued 
on 12 August 2022 Instruction no. 6/2022 regarding the reflection of the adjustment cost on invoices to be 
issued.  
MIBGAS overview

--- Page 183 ---
- 175 - 
 
 
During the last decade, the Portuguese and Spanish governments made their best efforts to establish a stable 
framework that would enable gas system operators in both countries to develop their functions in the Iberian 
Peninsula, the Iberian Natural Gas Market ("MIBGAS"). 
The construction of this framework started with the creation of the market operator MIBGAS, S.A., which 
started negotiations on natural gas products on 16 December 2015. MIBGAS, S.A. started trading 
Portuguese products in 2017. 
MIBGAS' liquidity is below the liquidity levels of the main European gas hubs. Therefore, measures were 
taken to increase market liquidity, including the regular appointment of voluntary market creators and 
compulsory market creators.

--- Page 184 ---
- 176 - 
 
 
PORTUGAL 
Electricity Sector: Regulatory framework 
1. 
Overview 
Since 2000, the regulation of the electricity industry in Portugal has been subject to significant changes, 
due in particular to the unbundling requirements and the need to open the electricity sector to private 
initiatives and liberalise the activities of electricity generation and supply. 
The organisation and functioning of the National Electricity System is currently governed by Decree-Law 
no. 15/2022, of 14 January, which transposed Directive (EU) 2019/944, of the European Parliament and of 
the Council, of 5 June 2019, on common rules for the internal market for electricity, and partially transposed 
Directive (EU) 2018/2001, of the European Parliament and of the Council, of 11 December 2018, on the 
promotion of the use of energy from renewable sources. 
Such diploma revokes Decree-Law no. 172/2006, of 23 August (as subsequently amended) which will 
transitorly continue to apply only to some ongoing licensing procedures. 
The National Electricity System includes the following activities: generation, storage, transmission, 
distribution, supply, supply of last resort, aggregation, aggregation of last resort, technical management of 
the system, technical management of the distribution system, risks and guarantees management, issuance 
of guarantees of origin and logistic operations for switching between suppliers. 
EDP, through its subsidiaries, carries out the activities of electricity generation and supply (non-regulated 
activities), as well as distribution and supply of last resort (both regulated activities). 
Decree-Law no. 138/2014, of 15 September, introduced a legal framework to safeguard strategic assets 
essential to national defence and security and to guarantee the supply of services fundamental to the public 
interest related to the energy, transport and communications sectors. Under the new legal framework, a 
change in EDP's control structure involving direct or indirect control by a person or persons from a country 
that is not a member of the EU or the EEA may be denied by the Portuguese government under certain 
circumstances if there are real and serious reasons to believe that national defence and security or the safety 
of energy supply are at risk. 
2. 
The National Strategy for the Electricity Sector 
Resolution of the Council of Ministers no. 107/2019, of 1 July, approved the Roadmap to Carbon Neutrality 
("RCN 2050"), which establishes all the decarbonisation vectors and action lines for a carbon neutral 
society in 2050, which translates into a neutral balance between greenhouse gas emissions and carbon 
capture through land and forests use.  
RCN 2050 also established the reduction of greenhouse gas emissions to Portugal between 85 per cent. and 
90 per cent. by 2050 compared to 2005, and offsetting the remaining emissions through land use and forests, 
to be achieved through an emission reduction path between 45 per cent. and 55 per cent. by 2030, and 
between 65 per cent. and 75 per cent. by 2040, compared to 2005. 
The legal framework applicable to the trading greenhouse gas emission allowances was approved by 
Decree-Law no. 12/2020, of 6 April, which transposes Directive (EU) 2018/410 of the European Parliament 
and of the Council, of 14 March 2018, amending Directive 2003/87/EC to enhance cost-effective emission 
reductions and low-carbon investments, and Decision (EU) 2015/1814. According to such decree-law, the 
activity of electricity generation cannot benefit from free emissions allowances. In addition, a 30 per cent. 
reduction of the amount of free allowances is expected between 2021 and 2026. After 2026, with the 
exception of urban heating, such amount will continue to be reduced in equal percentages, with the goal of 
eliminating the attribution of free allowances until 2030. 
Decree-Law no. 12/2020 also determines that 60 per cent. of the revenues provided by the auctions of 
greenhouse gas emissions allowances shall be transferred to the National Electricity System in order to 
offset the special regime generation overcost each year, up to a limit of 100 per cent. of that overcost (which 
also includes the renewable portion of generation through renewable cogeneration plants). These revenues 
are deducted to the Global Use of the System Tariff ("UGS Tariff") in order to relieve consumers and 
electricity bills.

--- Page 185 ---
- 177 - 
 
 
Decree-Law no. 114/2021, of 15 December, amended Decree-Law no. 12/2020, in order to aggregate a set 
of other funds within the governmental area of environment and climate action, namely, the Permanent 
Forest Fund, the Innovation Support Fund, the Energy Efficiency Fund, and the Fund for Systemic 
Sustainability of the Energy Sector. As a result of this amendment, the Environmental Fund's scope of 
action has been broadened, particularly in the areas of energy and forests, animal welfare, sustainable 
bioeconomy, fair transition, among others. 
Regulation (EU) 2018/1999, on the governance of the Energy Union, calls for each Member State to prepare 
a National Energy and Climate Plan ("PNEC 2030") for the period 2021-2030, covering all the five 
dimensions of the Energy Union and taking into account the long-term perspective. 
These PNECs are to be comparable throughout the EU and should include a description of the national 
objectives, targets and contributions for each of the dimensions, the policies and measures foreseen to meet 
them, and an assessment of the estimated impacts. 
The Portuguese PNEC 2030 was approved by Resolution of the Council of Ministers no. 53/2020, of 10 
July 2020, setting a 47 per cent. target for incorporation of renewable energy in gross consumption, a 80 
per cent. target for renewable electricity generation and a reduction of 35 per cent. in consumption of 
primary energy and 40 per cent. in GHG emissions in the transport sector and of GHG emissions from 45 
per cent. to 55 per cent., compared to 2005, focusing on the decarbonisation of the energy sector, taking 
into view carbon neutrality in 2050. In order to achieve these goals, the amount of installed capacity that is 
currently in place will need to be doubled. In particular, one of the goals of PNEC 2030 is to install 9 GW 
of solar photovoltaic energy by 2030, with 7 GW corresponding to centralised power plants and 2 GW to 
decentralised power plants. This would require Portugal to quadruple the current installed capacity of 
decentralised generation (which is around 0.5 GW). 
The National Strategy for Hydrogen was approved by Resolution of the Council of Ministers no. 63/2020, 
of 14 August, establishing the following green hydrogen goals to be met by 2030: 
 
10 per cent. to 15 per cent. of green hydrogen injection into natural gas grids; 
 
2 per cent. to 5 per cent. of green hydrogen in industry energy consumption; 
 
1 per cent. to 5 per cent. of green hydrogen in road transportation energy consumption; 
 
3 per cent. to 5 per cent. of green hydrogen in domestic maritime transportation energy 
consumption; and 
 
1.5 per cent. to 2 per cent. of green hydrogen in final energy consumption. 
This resolution also sets a goal of 2 GW to 2.5 GW of installed capacity in electrolysers and the creation of 
50 to 100 hydrogen charging stations by 2030. 
Resolution of the Council of Ministers no. 98/2020, of 13 November, approved the Strategy Portugal 2030 
(Estratégia Portugal 2030), a long-term, structural plan that seeks a broad political consensus aiming to set 
forth the foundations for social economic development for the next decade. 
The national goals concerning energy efficiency are further developed in Decree-Law no. 68-A/2015, of 
30 April, as amended by Decree-Law no. 101-D/2020, of 7 December, which determines that between 1 
January 2021 and 31 December 2030, new energy savings of 0.8 per cent. per year in final energy 
consumption must be reached. 
Law no. 98/2021, of 31 December, approved Portugal's Climate Law and sets the objectives for the 
country's climate policy, namely: 
 
promoting a rapid and socially balanced transition towards a sustainable economy and society that 
are neutral in greenhouse gases; 
 
guaranteeing climate justice, ensuring the protection of communities most vulnerable to the climate 
crisis, respect for human rights, equality and collective rights over the commons; 
 
ensuring a sustainable and irreversible trajectory of greenhouse gas emissions reduction;

--- Page 186 ---
- 178 - 
 
 
 
promoting the use of energy from renewable sources and their integration into the national energy 
system; 
 
promoting circular economy, improving energy and resource efficiency; 
 
strengthening national resilience and the capacity to adapt to climate change; 
 
combating energy poverty, namely through the improvement of living conditions; liveability and 
citizens' fair access to energy use; 
 
stimulating sustainable financing and promote information on climate risks by economic and 
financial agents; 
 
establishing a rigorous and ambitious basis for the definition and fulfilment of climate objectives, 
targets and policies; and  
 
ensuring that all major legislative measures and public investments are strategically evaluated in 
relation to their contribution to fulfilling the stated assumptions, integrating the risks associated 
with climate change in national and sectoral planning and economic investment decisions. 
Within this scope, the Portuguese State undertakes to achieve climate neutrality by 2050 but the Portuguese 
government plans to closely monitor this target in an effort to achieve climate neutrality earlier than 
planned, by 2045. In addition, the following greenhouse gas reduction targets have adopted (not including 
the use of soil and forests): by 2030, a reduction of at least 55 per cent. compared to 2005 levels; by 2040, 
a reduction of at least 65 per cent. to 75 per cent. compared to 2005 levels; by 2050, a reduction of at least 
90 per cent. compared to 2005 levels. 
3. 
The Electricity Value Chain  
A. Electricity Generation 
Electricity generation is an activity within the National Electricity System fully open to competition.  In 
most cases, it is subject to an ex-ante licensing procedure, which can be more or less demanding depending 
on the specifics of each power plant (or storage system). 
Licensing Procedures 
According to Decree-Law no. 15/2022, of 14 January, electricity generation is subject either: 
 
to the attainment of a generation licence and an operation licence (for instance, generation of 
renewable electricity to be injected into the grid or for self-consumption when the power plant has 
an installed capacity higher than 1 MW, or when the project is subject an environmental impact 
assessment procedure or an environmental incidences assessment procedure); 
 
to the acceptance of a prior registration and the attainment of an operation certificate (for instance, 
generation of renewable electricity to be injected into the grid when the power plant has an installed 
capacity equal or lower than 1 MW or generation of electricity for self-consumption when the 
power plant has an installed capacity higher than 30 kW and equal or lower than 1 MW); or  
 
to the submission of a prior communication (for instance, generation of electricity for self-
consumption when the power plant has an installed capacity higher than 700 W and equal or lower 
than 30 kW or the repowering of a solar or wind power plant, when it maintains or reduces the 
initial installed power).  
In some cases (for instance, generation of electricity for self-consumption when the power plant has an 
installed capacity equal or lower than 700 W, provided no surplus electricity is to be injected into the grid), 
no licensing procedure is required for the development of electricity generation. 
The attainment of a generation licence depends on the prior reservation of grid capacity, by means of: (i) a 
permit issued by the relevant system operator; (ii) an agreement entered into by and between the applicant 
and the relevant system operator, whereby the former undertakes to pay the costs with the grid's

--- Page 187 ---
- 179 - 
 
 
construction or reinforcement; or (iii) a permit issued by the relevant system operator under the terms 
established by the corresponding competitive procedure. 
Reservation of grid capacity depends on the provision of a bond by the applicant. The amount varies 
according to the procedure and the reservation title that has been obtained. 
After obtaining the grid capacity reservation title, the applicant shall initiate the procedure to obtain the 
corresponding generation licence. 
The commencement of operation depends on the attainment of an operation licence or an operation 
certificate, as applicable. 
Since 2019, when grid capacity reservation became legally required to obtain a generation licence a number 
of public tenders were carried out. Order no. 5532-B/2019, of 6 June, launched the auction for 1.400 MW 
of photovoltaic energy and approved the auction's documentation. The auction was managed by OMIP. The 
platform compared all bids (either for a fixed tariff of merchant) on a net-present-value basis, with 
differentiation of discount rates between the two remuneration types, which will be in place for a period of 
15 years. The maximum price allowed was €45/MWh. The final results of the solar auction were announced 
by DGEG on 7 August 2019. Even though EDP (through EDP Renováveis) was not initially awarded grid 
capacity, as it was the only bidder for a solar project at Ribatejo, a revised proposal was submitted and 
DGEG accepted such proposal (installed capacity of 142 MW with a tariff of €20.89/MWh, which is the 
weighted average price resulting from the auction).  
Order no. 5921/2020, of 29 May, launched the second solar auction in Portugal. DGEG officially started 
the proceedings inviting bidders to submit proposals for 700 MW to be built in the Alentejo and Algarve 
regions. The 700 MW has been divided into 12 tendered allotments of various capacities ranging between 
10 MW and 109 MW, with or without storage systems. Winners will enter into a PPA that has a duration 
of 15 years. The results were announced on 3 September 2020, with 670 MW of capacity awarded to 12 
bidders. EDP (through EDP Renováveis) has not been awarded any tendered allotments. 
Order no. 11740-B/2021, of 26 November, launched the auction to award grid capacity to floating solar 
projects to be located in specific dams, as well as the title to use hydric resources. DGEG disclosed the 
jury's final report, of 14 April 2022, containing the list of the four bidders that were granted a total of 183 
MVA of grid capacity for seven projects. EDP (through EDPR) participated in the auction and was awarded 
70 MVA in the Alqueva dam. 
Order no. 9241-C/2021, of 17 September, launched the auction to award grid injection capacity, formally 
used by the Pego coal-fired power plant, to new renewable projects (up to 325 MVA for only solar projects 
or 485MVA for other renewable sources). DGEG disclosed the jury’s final report, of 22 March 2022, 
containing the winning proposal. EDP (through EDP Renováveis) has not been awarded the tendered 
capacity. 
The Portuguese government has enacted Decree-Law no. 30-A/2022, of 19 April, which foresees several 
temporary measures aimed at simplifying the procedures for producing energy from renewable sources, 
namely with respect to environmental procedures. 
These measures, which are intended to accelerate the licensing procedures, will be effect in for 2 years and 
shall apply to: 
 
 renewable generation, storage facilities, self-consumption plants and the respective grid 
connection lines;  
 
hydrogen facilities; and  
 
power transmission and distribution infrastructures. 
The operation of cogeneration power plants is subject to a specific legal framework, approved by Decree-
Law no. 23/2010, of 25 March, as amended by Law no. 19/2010, of 23 August, Decree-Law no. 68-A/2015, 
of 30 April (the latter amended by the Rectification no. 30-A/2015, of 26 June), by Law no. 71/2018, of 31 
December, and by Decree-Law no. 64/2020, of 10 September. As significant amendments were made to

--- Page 188 ---
- 180 - 
 
 
the cogeneration legal regime, the terms of the applicable remuneration schemes depend on the time when 
the licensing procedure was carried out. 
For cogeneration power plants operating at the time of its entry into force, Decree-Law no. 23/2010, of 25 
March, as amended by Law no. 19/2010, of 23 August, established a transitory regime, allowing for 
generators with an operation licence to choose between the previous remuneration scheme (for a maximum 
period of 15 years from the beginning of the operation licence or, if earlier, 10 years after the entry into 
force of Decree-Law no. 23/2010) and the remuneration scheme approved by said decree-law. 
Ministerial Order 140/2012 (as amended) establishes how to calculate the following: reference tariff; 
efficiency premium; renewable energy premium; and market participation premium. These are relevant to 
determine the remuneration of cogeneration power plants. 
The amendments introduced by Decree-Law no. 68-A/2015, of 30 April, set out a more expeditious regime 
for obtaining a licence for generation of electricity through cogeneration, a new way of calculating the 
reference tariff payable to cogenerators, as well as new rules on the transitory remuneration scheme. 
The remuneration mechanism is currently based on two methods subject to the choice of the cogeneration 
generator: a general regime where the compensation is either defined by market value or, if the injection 
capacity is less than or equal to 20 MW and the energy is self-consumed, a feed-in tariff based on market 
value and paid by the last resort supplier; and a special regime that is only available for generators with an 
injection capacity lower than or equal to 20 MW, defined by a temporary reference tariff plus an efficiency 
premium and a renewable premium, if applicable. The values of the reference tariffs are defined quarterly 
by DGEG. Decree-Law no. 119-A/2021, of 22 December, established an exceptional regime applicable to 
the cogeneration activity, which contains exceptional rules on access to and exercise of such activity.  
Remuneration schemes and measures that impact electricity generation's revenue 
Feed-in tariffs  
Decree-Law no. 189/88, of 27 May set out a specific formula for calculating the feed-in tariffs to be paid 
to generators for the electricity generated by power plants using renewable energy (excluding large hydro 
power plants) that initiated their licensing procedure prior to the entering into force of Decree-Law no. 215-
B/2012, of 8 October. 
According to Decree-Law no. 15/2022, of 14 January, power plants that benefit from guaranteed 
remuneration schemes or other subsidised remuneration support schemes, attributed, maintained or 
extended by previous legislation, shall maintain such regimes until the end of period for which those were 
established. 
Pursuant to Ministerial Order no. 69/2017, of 16 February, the last resort supplier is under the obligation to 
deduct the amounts received by generators that benefited from guaranteed remuneration along with other 
public incentives destined to promote and develop renewable energy. However, the implementation of such 
measure depends on the approval of a dispatch by DGEG, which has not happened. 
Alternative remuneration schemes applicable to wind energy and small hydro power plants 
Decree-Law no. 35/2013, of 28 February established alternative remuneration schemes for wind farms 
licensed before 2012 and benefitting from a feed-in tariff under the terms of Decree-Law no. 189/88, of 27 
May, as amended. 
As such, under this alternative regime, wind farms licensed before the entry into force of Decree-Law no. 
33-A/2005, of 16 February, are remunerated in accordance with the formula defined in Schedule II of 
Decree-Law no. 189/88, of 27 May, as amended by Decree-Law no. 339-C/2001, of 29 December. Wind 
farms licensed before the entry into force of Decree-Law no. 215-B/2012, of 8 October (i.e. 7 November 
2012) are remunerated as follows: 
 
wind farms that were already in operation as of 17 February 2005, sell their electricity at a set tariff, 
that decreases with the cumulative number of operating hours, for a period of 15 years starting 
from the entry into force of Decree-Law no. 33-A/2005, of 16 February;

--- Page 189 ---
- 181 - 
 
 
 
wind farms for which the licensing procedures fall under the transitory regime approved by article 
4 of Decree-Law no. 33-A/2005, of 16 February sell their electricity at a set price, dependent on 
their generation profile, for a period of 15 years starting from the date on which the operation 
licence was granted; and 
 
wind farms for which the licensing procedures began after 17 February 2005 and which do not fall 
under the transitory regime approved by Decree-Law no. 33-A/2005, of 16 February sell up to 33 
GWh per MW of installed capacity at a price based on a formula set out in such decree-law for a 
maximum period of 15 years starting from the date on which the operation licence is granted. After 
this 15-year period has elapsed or, if earlier, when the 33 GWh per MW of installed capacity limit 
is reached, the electricity produced is sold at the prevailing market price, in addition of the price 
received for the sale of green certificates, if applicable. 
Furthermore, the publication of Decree-Law no. 35/2013, of 28 February, establishes an alternative 
remuneration regime, which allows generators to reduce their exposure to market risk, once the period of 
the initial remuneration regime has expired, by paying an annual compensation to the National Electricity 
System.  
EDP Renováveis chose to pay €5,800 per MW of installed capacity between 2013 and 2020, to benefit from 
the alternative remuneration regime, which consists of selling all electricity generated at a set price, 
corresponding to the average market price of the previous twelve months, subject to a floor of €74/MWh 
and a cap of €98/MWh, for a period of seven years upon the conclusion of the initial 15-year term. 
On 10 August 2020, DGEG published Dispatch no. 41/DGEG/2020, of 7 August, setting out the transition 
rules applicable to wind farms under the regime of Decree-Law no. 35/2013, of 28 February and which 
entered into operation in different phases. 
On 25 June 2021, Dispatch no. 6304/2021, established the regularisation of the compensations made 
between 2013 and 2020 and the remunerations due to the wind farms pursuant to Decree-Law no. 35/2013, 
of 28 February, by approving a new methodology for its calculation. The Portuguese government 
announced that the impact of this new methodology could benefit the Portuguese consumers between €165 
million and €372 million. This dispatch also foresees that ERSE should operationalise this methodology 
and adjustments.  
Decree-Law no. 35/2013, of 28 February, has also shortened the duration of the remuneration regime 
applicable to small hydro power plants benefiting from the remuneration conditions established by Decree-
Law 33-A/2005, of 16 February, from the expiration date on their water use licence (of 35 years on average) 
to, if earlier, 25 years since the date on which they were attributed their operation licence, after which date 
the electricity produced by these plants will be sold at market prices. 
Decree-Law no. 35/2013, of 28 February, was revoked by the Decree-Law no. 15/2022, of 14 January. 
However, power plants that benefit from guaranteed remuneration schemes under previous legal 
frameworks shall maintain such regimes until the end of period for which those were established. 
Overpowering of wind farms 
The legal regime for wind farms overpowering was initially approved by Decree-Law no. 225/2007, of 31 
May, which allowed generators to increase wind farms' installed capacity up to 20 per cent. of the allowed 
injection capacity. 
Decree-Law no. 94/2014, of 24 June, approved a new regime for the placement of additional energy and 
for the overpowering of existing wind farms benefiting from a feed-in tariff (i.e., increasing the installed 
capacity of existing wind farms by installing additional wind turbines up to 20 per cent. of the respective 
connection power), which was further regulated by Ministerial Order no. 102/2015, of 7 April. 
According to such legal framework, the energy generated by wind turbines pertaining to the overpowering 
of existing wind farms are remunerated at a fixed feed-in tariff of €60/MWh, which is applicable until the 
end of the feed-in tariff period of the existing wind farms. Ministerial Order no. 246/2018, of 3 September 
(which amended Ministerial Order no. 102/2015, of 7 April), determined that the licensing entity should 
always obtain a prior favourable opinion from ERSE. This Ministerial Order further determined that such 
favourable opinion should be refused in case the overpowering is considered detrimental to the public 
interest and to the consumers’ interests. On 31 January 2019, the impact of this requirement was reduced

--- Page 190 ---
- 182 - 
 
 
by Ministerial Order no. 43/2019, which determined that the opinion of ERSE would not be required if the 
applicant explicitly accepted that the feed-in tariff applicable to the energy generated in connection with 
the wind farm overpowering would be €45/MWh (instead of the referred €60/MWh). 
However, pursuant to the enactment of Ministerial Order no. 203/2020, of 21 August, which further 
amended Ministerial Order no. 102/2015, of 7 April, ERSE's opinion may only be dismissed if the applicant 
accepts that the energy generated in connection with the overpowering will be remunerated under the 
general remuneration scheme, i.e., under market conditions. 
Pursuant to the enactment of Decree-Law no. 15/2022, which revoked Decree-Law no. 94/2014, of 24 June, 
the energy generated as a consequence of an overpowering is traded under a market regime. 
Capacity mechanisms 
A capacity mechanism remunerates capacity resources for security of supply services. 
Ministerial Order no. 41/2017, of 27 January, replaced the former capacity mechanism, based on a targeted 
capacity payment scheme, with a market mechanism that remunerates the availability services through a 
competitive auction, as of 1 January 2017. The power plants that benefit from the CMEC mechanism have 
been excluded from taking part in the auction. The auction for 2017 was carried out on 30 March and the 
total bid size (1,766 MW) was awarded to three entities, including the last resort supplier, at a settlement 
price of €4.775 per MW. In compliance with the 2018 state budget law (Law no. 114/2017, of 29 December), 
Ministerial Order no. 93/2018, of 3 April, postponed the auction for 2018 and beyond, awaiting a decision 
by the EC, that raised concerns about the compatibility of this mechanism with the guidelines on state aid 
for environmental protection and energy. 
Alongside, hydro power plants that are not under a PPA or under the CMEC mechanism, with the exception 
of power reinforcements without pumping, may benefit from an investment incentive under Ministerial 
Order no. 251/2012, of 20 August, provided that its generation licences were granted between the dates of 
entry into force of Decree-Law no. 264/2007, of 24 July, and of Ministerial Order no. 251/2012, of 20 
August, or that such power plants are included in the Portuguese National Programme of Dams with a 
Significant Hydroelectric Potential and the relevant generation licence was obtained before 31 December 
2013. If granted, the investment incentive shall take effect for a period of ten years, starting from the month 
following the request for eligibility, in an amount calculated based on the current criteria for national supply 
coverage set out in Ministerial Order no. 251/2012 and related regulations. The annual reference values of 
the investment incentive correspond to the amounts set out in the annex to Ministerial Order no. 251/2012, 
of 20 August. 
The investment incentive mechanism (applied only to hydro power plants) was however revoked by 
Ministerial Order no. 233/2020, of 2 October. Additionally, incentives due in 2020 and the following years 
shall only be paid if contractually established, in which case Ministerial Order no. 251/2012 shall still apply. 
The practical effect of this change will be to maintain the investment incentive in three hydro power plants 
belonging to another agent, which are under construction and should start operating between 2021 and 2023, 
based on the concession agreement signed between that agent and the Portuguese state. 
According to Decree-Law no. 15/2022, of 14 January, the rules and procedures for capacity mechanisms 
will be approved through regulation of the government (although without a specific deadline). The costs 
with such mechanisms are included in the UGS tariff, which is paid by all electricity consumers. 
Early termination of power purchase agreements 
Prior to 1 July 2007, electricity generated by EDP Produção's power plants and other power plants was sold 
under PPAs to the transmission system operator (acting as a single buyer), allowing these power plants to 
achieve a return on assets of 8.5 per cent. in real pre-tax terms. The price of electricity provided for in each 
PPA consisted of capacity and energy charges, which were passed through to the final tariff paid by 
customers. 
The early termination of the PPAs was determined by legislation approved by the Portuguese government 
between 2004 and 2007, as a way to transition to a liberalised electricity system. This transition resulted in

--- Page 191 ---
- 183 - 
 
 
the approval of the costs for the CMEC, which are a compensation to generators that were a party in those 
PPAs. 
The amount of the initial global gross compensation due to EDP Produção as a result of the early 
termination of the PPAs was set at €833.5 million, to be recovered over a 20-year period, starting from July 
2007. The amount of compensation is capped at a maximum set for each generator and was subject to an 
annual adjustment during the first ten years of the CMEC, along with a final adjustment at the end of that 
first ten-year period. The purpose of these adjustments is to ensure parity between the revenues expected 
in a market regime based on the assumptions underlying the initial compensation value and the revenues 
effectively obtained in the market, thereby protecting generators from market risk during the first ten-year 
period. 
The initial global gross compensation due to EDP Produção is reflected in the electricity tariffs paid by all 
consumers in Portugal as a separate component of the UGS Tariff, designated as "Parcela Fixa" (fixed 
charge), and recovered by EDP Produção or its assignees. Ministerial Order no. 85-A/2013, of 27 February, 
set at 4.72 per cent. the interest rate applicable to the "Parcela Fixa" between 1 January 2013 and 31 
December 2027. 
The adjustments to the initial global gross compensation are also reflected in electricity tariffs, and if those 
adjustments are to EDP Produção's benefit, they shall be due from all consumers in Portugal as a separate 
component of the UGS Tariff, designated as "Parcela de Acerto" (variable charge). Dispatch no. 4694/2014, 
of 21 February, published on 1 April, and Dispatch no. 10840/2016, of 26 August and published on 5 
September, set out the guidelines of the procedures to be followed in the calculation of the annual 
adjustment regarding the participation of the CMEC power plants in the ancillary services market. 
The final adjustment is meant to be recovered over a ten-year period, starting in 2018, with reference to 
July 2017. In this regard, the 2017 state budget law (Law no. 42/2016, of 28 December) mandated the 
national regulatory authority ERSE to carry out a study to determine the amount of the final adjustment of 
the CMEC mechanism. ERSE submitted its study to the Portuguese government in September 2017, having 
presented an amount of €154 million, which differs from the sum calculated by the EDP/REN Technical 
Working Group, which amounted to €256 million. The EDP/REN Technical Working Group calculations 
result from the strict application of the relevant legal framework, particularly Decree-Law no. 240/2004, of 
27 December, while ERSE's computations are a mere theoretical simulation which jeopardises the 
economic neutrality in which the early termination of the PPAs was based upon.  
EDP was notified on 3 May 2018 of the Portuguese government's decision, dated 25 April 2018, 
homologating the amount of the final adjustment of the CMEC mechanism as proposed by ERSE in its 
study. EDP filed a lawsuit on 3 September 2018 with the administrative courts of Lisbon (Tribunal 
Administrativo do Círculo de Lisboa) to challenge the amount of the final adjustment of the CMEC 
mechanism homologated by the Portuguese government. 
On 27 September 2018, EDP informed the market that it was notified by the DGEG of the Secretary of 
State for Energy's decision, issued on 29 August 2018, regarding alleged overcompensation payments made 
to EDP in relation to the calculation of the real availability factor of power plants under the CMEC regime 
due to "innovative" factor having been applied when compared to what was foreseen in the PPA early 
termination agreements. The Secretary of State for Energy stated such alleged overcompensation payments 
amounted to €285 million and that a further €72.9 million overcompensation claim for power plants 
operating on the ancillary services market was under analysis. EDP considers the decision to be without 
merit. 
On 12 November 2018, EDP was notified by ERSE that on 4 October 2018, the Secretary of State for 
Energy declared the calculation of the annual adjustments to the initial global gross compensation for the 
early termination of the PPAs null and void concerning only the part where the abovementioned 
"innovative" factor had been weighed. 
EDP considers the dispatches from the Secretary of State for Energy lack technical, economic and legal 
basis and, on 8 October 2018, submitted an administrative appeal. Concurrently, EDP filed a suit with the 
administrative courts on 4 February 2019 and is currently waiting for a court decision. 
Additionally, the Competition Authority conducted an investigation on the operation of EDP Produção's 
power plants that benefited from the CMEC mechanism, which ultimately led to the imposition of a fine in

--- Page 192 ---
- 184 - 
 
 
the amount of €48,000,000.00, for abuse of dominance in the Portuguese market for secondary balancing 
reserve. EDP refutes the Autoridade da Concorrência's ("AdC") assertions and on 30 October 2019 filed 
an appeal regarding the latter's decision with the Portuguese Court for Competition, Regulation and 
Supervision. EDP Produção also disputed the upfront payment of the fine and asked the court to allow for 
its non-payment or replace the fine by a bank guarantee whilst a final decision by the Court is not issued. 
EDP argued that the €48,000,000.00 fine (paid prior to the court ruling) would cause considerable harm. 
On 16 July 2020, EDP Produção was notified of a court order acknowledging the risk of considerable harm 
and staying the payment of the fine until the court's final ruling on the matter.  
On 18 November 2020, EDP Produção was notified of a decision by the Lisbon Court of Appeal in an 
appeal presented by the Public Prosecutor, revoking the order of TCRS of 16 July 2020. EDP Produção 
appealed this judgment to the Constitutional Court on 30 November 2020. On 22 February 2021, EDP 
Produção was notified of the decision of the Constitutional Court dismissing the appeal. The case was 
returned to the TCRS, which, on 16 September 2021, issued an order that demanded the payment of the 
fine. On 20 October 2021 EDP Produção paid the amount under appeal. The trial hearing, which began in 
October 2021, continued with several inquiries until the end of March 2022. The TCRS decided, on 10 
August 2022, to maintain the €48,000,000.00 fine. 
Furthermore, the Advisory Board of the Public Prosecutor's office issued an opinion on 22 October 2020, 
upon request of the Secretary of State for Energy affairs, stating that the Portuguese State could charge an 
additional amount of €72.9 million as a compensation to consumers affected by the CMEC alleged 
overcompensation. According to the electricity tariffs for 2021, this amount is now to be deducted from the 
total amount EDP Produção provisionally received regarding the 2015 CMEC annual adjustment. As a 
result, the Energy Secretary of State for Energy affairs has approved a net amount of €62.7 million as the 
2015 provisional CMEC annual adjustment, instead of the €135.6 million initially estimated. EDP will also 
challenge the decision to charge the amount of €72.9 million in relation to the 2015 CMEC annual 
adjustment. 
In September 2012, several citizens filed a complaint with the Commission against allegedly excessive 
compensations granted to EDP Produção in connection with the CMEC mechanism, which was cleared 
under EU state aid rules by the EC, as well as alleged illegal state aid granted by Portugal to EDP Produção 
through the extension, in 2007, of concessions to use public water resources at allegedly favourable 
conditions. 
In September 2013, the EC opened a formal investigation into such extension. During the formal 
investigation, the Commission concluded that the compensation paid by EDP for the extension of the 
concessions did not involve state aid (as per the press release issued on 15 May 2017). As a result, EDP 
Produção has retained the rights to operate 26 hydro power plants under market conditions (with 4.094 MW 
of installed capacity), which ends in 2047.  
This decision does not address compliance with other provisions of EU law, such as EU public procurement 
rules and antitrust rules based on Articles 106 and 102 of the Treaty on the Functioning of the EU. In fact, 
according to the EC's press release of 7 March 2019, the EC considers that the legislation and the practice 
of Portuguese authorities is contrary to EU law, by allowing for some hydropower concessions to be 
renewed or extended without the of use tender procedures. For that reason, the EC sent a letter of formal 
notice to the Portuguese Republic, as well as seven other Member States, on the grounds of an alleged 
breach of EU rules on public procurement and concessions, to ensure that public contracts in the 
hydroelectric power sector are awarded and renewed in conformity with EU law. The eight Member States 
were given two months to respond to the arguments raised by the EC. No further developments are known. 
Hydrological Correction Account 
The hydrological correction account ("HCA") was created pursuant to Decree-Law no. 338/91, of 10 
September, to mitigate the impact of dry years on the electricity production cost account. 
In light of liberalisation in the electricity market and the privatisation of EDP, the Portuguese government 
closed the HCA at the end of 2016. In order to determine the credit and debit movements of the HCA 
following its termination and to ascertain the rights and value of the payment and receipt differentials and 
financial charges from the account, the Portuguese government appointed a working group, which delivered 
its final report related to these matters in August 2018. In its report, the working group noted that EDP was

--- Page 193 ---
- 185 - 
 
 
not entitled to any amounts related to the contributions to the HCA, even though it recognised that EDP 
made net payments to the HCA in the amount of EUR 717 million.  
As a result, EDP filed a lawsuit against the Portuguese state on 10 December 2019 asking to be reimbursed 
for the EUR 717 million that it had contributed to the fund.  
In addition, in relation to the Public Debt Regularization Fund, on 17 August 2020, EDP filed a lawsuit 
against the Portuguese State, the Ministry of Finance and the Portuguese Treasury and Debt Management 
Agency, in the amount of EUR 546 million. This amount reflects the impact of the error that EDP believes 
was committed in the evaluations that preceded the various phases of EDP's reprivatisation. This action is 
contingent on the result of the first action placed in December 2019. If the first lawsuit comes to an end and 
is decided by the court that EDP is not entitled to any amount related to contributions to the HCA, it must 
be interpreted that the evaluation of the company was incorrect and that the investors paid more than they 
should have paid, and the second lawsuit will have to proceed. If the outcome of the first lawsuit is 
favourable to EDP, the second lawsuit will be terminated, as the evaluation of the company was correctly 
carried out.  
Both of these claims are in the judicial proceedings phase in which each party presents their factual and 
legal arguments in respect of their respective claims and after the courts review the arguments the claims 
are expected to proceed to trial. 
Competition Balance Mechanism (Clawback) 
Decree-Law no. 74/2013, of 4 June, as amended by Decree-Law no. 104/2019, of 9 August, provides for 
the establishment of a mechanism designed to restore the competitive balance in the wholesale electricity 
market in Portugal, after the pool market price is impacted by off-market events. In particular, this 
mechanism aims at capturing the alleged windfall profits reaped by power plants located in Portugal caused 
by higher pool prices following the introduction of taxes on power plants located in Spain. 
This mechanism shall apply to: (i) ordinary regime generators, except to the ones operating power plants 
that are still trading electricity under a power purchase agreement that has been executed according to 
Decree-Law no. 183/95, of 27 July; (ii) generators operating hydroelectric power plants with an installed 
capacity equal or higher than 10 MVA; and (iii) generators that do not benefit from a guaranteed 
remuneration scheme, except the ones that simultaneously are under the obligation to pay compensation to 
the National Electric System in the context of a competitive procedure launched under the terms of Article 
5-B of Decree-Law no. 172/2006, of 23 August and have an installed power lower than 5 MW. 
Pursuant to the enactment of Decree-Law no. 104/2019, of 9 August, it is now possible to make an upfront 
payment of an amount to be determined on a yearly basis by means of an order of the member of the 
government responsible for energy affairs.  
Additionally, the prices of tariff terms to be applied to the electricity injected into the grid (defined annually) 
may be differentiated by technology/regime of electricity generation.  
Decree-Law no. 74/2013, of 4 June was regulated by Ministerial Order no. 288/2013, of 20 September, 
amended by Ministerial Order no. 225/2015, of 30 July, which established procedures to study the impact 
on pool prices of off-market measures and events registered within the European Union and the 
redistributive effects impacting electricity tariffs. It also established the partitioning of costs of general 
economic interest ("CIEG") to be paid by generators in the ordinary regime and other generators that are 
not included in the guaranteed remuneration regime, and the deduction of these amounts of CIEG to be 
recovered by the UGS tariff (i.e., the tariff for the global use of the system). Ministerial Order no. 288/2013, 
of 20 September was revoked by Ministerial Order no. 282/2019, of 30 August, which establishes the 
procedure for the elaboration of ERSE's study, as well as the mechanism to determine the amount of the 
payment per account and the compensation due by generators that had unexpected benefits as a result of 
off-market events.  
As per Information no. 8/2019/SEAEne, of 16 December 2019, of the Cabinet of the Secretary of State for 
energy affairs, signed off by such Secretary of State on 2 January 2020, the mechanism is intended to apply 
to generators whose remuneration depends on the results of MIBEL's daily market, regardless of the 
primary energy used by the power plants. Other than the generators specifically identified in Decree-Law 
no. 74/2013, of 4 June, as amended, the Secretary of State considers that the ones that do not benefit from

--- Page 194 ---
- 186 - 
 
 
guaranteed remuneration and have entered into physical corporate power purchase agreements with a client 
or a supplier to trade electricity at a fixed price that is not directly or indirectly indexed to MIBEL's daily 
market price, shall also be exempted from such mechanism. 
The interpretation conveyed by such clarification was accepted by ERSE, as Directive no. 4/2020, of 20 
March, approves a specific report procedure for generators that are parties to agreements that establish 
prices that are not directly or indirectly indexed to MIBEL's market price.  
Additionally, pursuant to DGEG's clarification of 17 June 2020, the generators that were awarded grid 
capacity via the 2019 solar auction are considered exempt from any payment related to the clawback 
mechanism.  
On 27 July 2020, DGEG issued a new clarification regarding the scope of Decree-Law no. 74/2013, of 4 
June, stating the generators that do not benefit from guaranteed remuneration (mentioned on paragraph c) 
of article 1-A) of Decree-Law no. 74/2013 and that hold a physical PPA with a fixed price are not subject 
to the payment of the compensation established by said decree-law. This exemption applies regardless of 
the generators' counterparty (final costumer or supplier). However, if the PPA is executed by a supplier and 
the supplier trades the relevant energy through MIBEL, it may benefit from windfall profits. In that case, 
the supplier will be subject to the clawback mechanism and must settle the compensation with the generator, 
who is responsible for paying the relevant amount to the transmission system operator. 
Dispatch no. 12424-A/2019, published on 27 December 2019, identifies off-market events to be considered 
in the study prepared by ERSE in 2020 (with reference to 2019). Therefore, the following off-market events 
are considered: (i) taxation on oil and energy products used in the generation of electricity ("ISP"); (ii) 
extraordinary contribution to the energy sector ("CESE"); and (iii) electricity social tariff. 
As part of the adoption of urgent measures in the field of energy taxation due to the high prices verified in 
MIBEL since June 2021, the Spanish government has suspended the 7 per cent. tax on electricity generation, 
approved in 2012, until the end of 2022 (Royal Decree-Law 29/2021, of 21 December, Royal Decree-Law 
6/2022, of 29 March and Royal Decree-Law 11/2022, of 25 June). 
Following the temporary suspension of the tax on electricity generation in Spain, the Secretary of State for 
Energy affairs approved Dispatch no. 6287/2022, of 19 May, which established the suspension of the 
clawback until 30 June 2022. More recently, Dispatch no. 9838/2022, of 9 August, suspended the clawback 
until 31 December 2022. 
Guarantees of Origin 
The procedures manual for the issuance of guarantees of origin ("GO") was approved by the transmission 
system operator, in its capacity as issuing body for guarantees of origin ("EEGO"), on 8 October 2019, 
after a public consultation. The tariffs applicable to the services provided by the EEGO were approved by 
Ministerial Order no. 53/2020, of 28 February. 
On 13 May 2020, DGEG determined that the following generation units must be registered with EEGO's 
platform until 30 June 2020 (such deadline having been subsequently extended to 31 July 2020 and again 
to 31 August 2020, pursuant to DGEG notices of 29 June 2020 and 30 July 2020, respectively): 
 
renewable energy power plants; 
 
power plants for heating and cooling; and 
 
efficient and highly efficient cogeneration power plants. 
When applicable, the payment of the feed-in tariff to the abovementioned power plants may be suspended 
until all GO have been delivered to DGEG (in the case of renewable energy power plants benefitting from

--- Page 195 ---
- 187 - 
 
 
such feed-in tariff) or the supplier of last resort (in respect of other power plants receiving a guaranteed 
remuneration or component thereof). 
On 19 June 2020, REN concluded the process of joining the Association of Issuing Bodies' ("AIB") 
platform, which allows Portuguese generators to export GO from 1 August 2020 onwards, the date when 
the AIB and EEGO systems will be fully connected. 
Decree-Law no. 60/2020, of 17 August, amending Decree-Law no. 141/2010, of 31 December, has adapted 
the GO scheme to also include gases of low carbon emission and renewable gas, as well as energy generated 
from heating and cooling renewable sources. This decree-law contributes to achieving carbon neutrality by 
2050 through the creation of mechanisms that encourage the use of renewable resources, notably through 
the energy sector. 
Dispatch no. 6560-B/2021, of 5 July, operationalises GO auctions of renewable energy power plants 
benefitting from guaranteed remuneration. 
According to Decree-Law no. 15/2022, of 14 January, the transmission system operator shall continue to 
act as EEGO until the award of the relevant EEGO licence by means of a competitive procedure.  
CESE 
The 2014 state budget law (Law no. 83-C/2013, of 31 December, as amended by Law no. 33/2015, of 27 
April) created CESE, with the stated purpose of funding mechanisms that promote the energy sector 
systemic sustainability, through the establishment of a fund – the Systemic Sustainability Fund for the 
Energy Sector – intended to finance social and environmental policies (two-thirds of CESE revenue) and 
to contribute to the reduction of the tariff debt of the National Electricity System (one-third of CESE 
revenue).  
CESE corresponds to a tax on the net assets of the energy operators that develop the following activities: 
(i) generation (including some renewable energy power plants benefitting from a feed-in tariff), 
transmission or distribution of electricity; (ii) transmission, distribution, storage or wholesale supply of 
natural gas; and (iii) refining, treatment, storage, transport, distribution and wholesale supply of crude oil 
and oil products. 
The activity of electricity generation through power plants that use renewable resources and have an 
installed power lower than 20 MW are exempted from CESE. Such exemption will not apply to taxpayers 
that operate renewable energy power plants benefiting from guaranteed remuneration with a total of 60 
MW. Power plants that were licensed in the context of public tenders and small-scale generation and sel-
consumption units are also exempt from CESE.  
For 2022, CESE remains in force in the same conditions that were in place in previous years, as determined 
by Law no. 99/2021, of 31 December. 
ISP and CO2 additional tax 
As approved by the 2022 state budget law, the CO2 added tax for natural gas used in electricity generation 
and in cogeneration facilities is kept on 20 per cent., both for ISP and CO2 (maintaining the non-application 
to ETS facilities).  
In face of the package of measures approved by the Government to deal with the extraordinary increase in 
fuel prices, the updating of the CO2 added tax was suspended between 1 January 2022 until 31 March 2022, 
through Ministerial Order no. 315/2021, of 23 December, while maintaining the CO2 added tax for 2021, 
i.e. is €23,921 ton/ CO2. Ministerial Order no. 118/2022, of 23 March, and Ministerial Order no. 167-
A/2022, of 1 July, have established the suspension of CO2 added tax from 1 April until 30 August 2022.

--- Page 196 ---
- 188 - 
 
 
B. Electricity Transmission 
Electricity transmission is carried out through the national transmission network, under an exclusive 
concession granted by the Portuguese government for a 50-year period to the TSO. The concession for 
electricity transmission was awarded to REN until 2057, under article 64 of Decree-Law no. 182/95, of 27 
July, as amended and republished by Decree-Law no. 56/97, of 14 March. 
The activities of the TSO (or the concessionaire for the electricity transmission network) must be 
independent, both legally and organisationally, from other activities in the electricity sector. On 9 
September 2014, ERSE issued a decision certifying that REN complies with the relevant legal requirements 
to be considered a full ownership unbundling TSO, subject to the conditions set out therein. These 
conditions were duly fulfilled, as confirmed by ERSE's decision of 31 July 2015. 
C. Electricity Distribution 
Electricity distribution is carried out through the national distribution network, consisting of a medium and 
high voltage network, and through the low voltage distribution networks. The distribution system operator 
("DSO") is currently E-Redes, formerly designated EDP Distribuição – Energia, S.A. 
On 13 August 2020, ERSE approved the change of EDP Distribuição brand to E-REDES from 2021 
onwards, to avoid confusion between the remaining EDP group brands. In a statement, ERSE stated that 
the change in the image and name will be implemented gradually, in order to ensure cost neutrality for 
electricity consumers. 
The requirements concerning the separation of the activity of electricity distribution from other activities 
within the electricity system have become more demanding following the enactment of ERSE's Commercial 
Relations Regulation for the electricity and gas sectors (Regulation no. 1129/2020, of 30 December, 
"RRC"), which entered into force on 1 January 2021. As a result, the DSO cannot share resources (computer 
systems or equipment, security systems, legal and accounting resources, services providers and external 
contractors) with the companies within the vertically integrated undertaking when there is a risk of conflict 
of interests or discrimination, or if it will affect competition or commercially sensitive information. 
Currently, the national medium and high voltage distribution network is operated under an exclusive 
concession granted by the Portuguese state for a 35-year period. This concession was awarded to EDP's 
subsidiary, E-REDES, pursuant to article 70 of Decree-Law no. 29/2006, of 15 February, after converting 
the licence held by E-REDES under the former regime into a concession agreement, signed on 25 February 
2009. The terms of the concession agreements currently in place are set forth in Decree-Law no. 15/2022, 
of 14 January. 
The low voltage distribution networks are operated under concession agreements granted by the 
municipalities. Most of the low voltage distribution networks are handled by E-REDES, alongside some 
local concessionaires with less than 100,000 clients. 
Although the existing municipal concession agreements were maintained pursuant to Decree-Law no. 
172/2006, of 23 August, the new concessions must be awarded after a competitive procedure to be 
implemented by the relevant municipalities. Law no. 31/2017, of 31 May, established the principles and 
general rules of the upcoming public tenders and the extension of concession agreements that had already 
terminated. In order to ensure the launch of the public tender procedures in early 2019, the Council of 
Ministers issued Resolution no. 5/2018, of 11 January, approving the programme of preparatory studies 
and actions to be carried out by ERSE in coordination with DGEG and the National Association of 
Portuguese Municipalities. It is worth noting that 259 of a total of 278 municipalities will expire until 2022. 
The remainder will expire in 2026.  
Pursuant to such Resolution, ERSE has proposed on 22 January 2019 that the municipalities shall be 
grouped in three areas (north, centre and south) and that the public tender procedures shall be launched 
jointly by the municipalities located in such geographical areas. 
On 30 November 2020, Dispatch no. 11814/2020, created a working group for the elaboration of the 
procedures, programme and standard specifications of the public tenders for the low voltage electricity 
distribution concessions. This working group should present within four months the procedural parts and 
the draft standard contract for the concession of the operation of the low voltage distribution networks. 
However, Dispatch no. 3759/2021, of 13 April, extended the working group mandate until the end of July

--- Page 197 ---
- 189 - 
 
 
2021 and the conclusions of the working group have not been announced. As a result, the timeline for the 
launch of the public tenders for the low voltage electricity concessions is not currently known. 
In the meanwhile, the legal framework for the Portuguese electricity sector was revised, through the 
publication of Decree-Law no. 15/2022, of 14 January, which establishes that the duration of each one of 
the current low voltage concession agreements is automatically extended until a new concession agreement 
is in place. 
Decree-Law no. 15/2022, of 14 January, also created a new activity within the National Electricity System, 
to be carried out, under a concession agreement, by the Integrated Manager for the Distribution System. 
The Integrated Manager for the Distribution System will be responsible for coordinating some aspects of 
the low voltage/medium voltage/high voltage concessions. Until such concession is awarded, the DSO will 
continue to coordinate the operation of the distribution systems. The unification of the technical 
management of the distribution grids entails the amendment of the concession contracts currently in force. 
By law, the entities carrying out the low voltage distribution which supply more than 100,000 customers 
and which are vertically integrated must be independent from other activities unrelated to the distribution 
activity, from a legal, organisational and decision-making standpoint. In turn, the operators of low voltage 
distribution networks who supply less than 100,000 customers are only obliged to have separate accounts 
and are not subject to a full ownership or legal unbundling obligation. 
Pursuant to Decree-Law no. 15/2022, of 14 January, the 5-year network development and investment for 
the distribution system must be reviewed every five years and updated on even years. The plans for network 
development and investment are submitted to DGEG and ERSE and are subject to public consultation and 
to the approval by the Portuguese government. The same procedure applies to low voltage networks. 
The prices that E-REDES charges for access to the distribution networks are subject to extensive regulation 
by ERSE. The access tariffs set by ERSE are paid by all consumers, whether in the regulated or the 
liberalised market. The allowed revenues of E-REDES for the 2022-2025 regulatory period are segregated 
between i) high and medium voltage and ii) low voltage. For each one of these components, a price cap 
mechanism is applied to the total expenditure (TOTEX). The TOTEX allowed revenues for each one of 
those components, for the current regulatory period, took into consideration the expected evolution of 
regulated asset base (given the most recently approved 5-years' plan), a 4.7 per cent. reference rate of return 
(which is yearly adjusted to the annual average yield of 10-years Portuguese Treasury bonds) and the 
observed difference between allowed and realised OPEX in the previous years. Such price caps are yearly 
subjected to an efficiency factor of 0.75 per cent. (in real terms) which does not affect capital costs of 
investment realised before 2022 and pass-through costs. 
D. Electricity Supply 
Overview 
Electricity supply is open to competition, subject only to a registration regime. Suppliers may freely buy 
and sell electricity. For this purpose, they have the right to access the national transmission and distribution 
networks upon payment of access tariffs set by ERSE. EDP operates as a supplier in the liberalised market, 
through its subsidiary EDP Comercial. 
Electricity suppliers must comply with certain public service obligations to ensure the quality and continuity 
of supply, as well as consumer protection with respect to prices, access tariffs and access to information in 
simple and understandable terms. 
In addition to the information requirements established on ERSE's regulation, Law no. 5/2019, of 11 
January, further determines that the invoices issued by electricity suppliers must contain all elements 
necessary to a complete and accessible understanding of the total and disaggregated amounts, in particular 
the estimated and actual consumption, energy tariffs, grid access tariffs, supply tariffs, social tariffs (when 
applicable), primary energy, payment deadlines and methods and consequences of failure to pay the charged 
amounts. Suppliers shall also provide annual information to all customers, until 30 June of each year, 
regarding, in particular, the tariffs and prices to be applied that year, CO2 emissions and political, 
sustainability and energy efficiency measures proposed by ERSE and the DGEG. 
Failure to comply with the obligations set out in Law no. 5/2019, of 11 January, may be considered an 
administrative offence by the National Entity for the Energy Sector ("ENSE"), which supervises

--- Page 198 ---
- 190 - 
 
 
compliance with this legal regime on a transitional basis, until the creation of a new supervisory entity for 
the energy sector. 
Decree-Law no. 60/2019, of 13 May, established a reduced VAT rate (6 per cent.) regarding the fixed 
component of the third-party access from electricity supply (for natural gas, please see natural gas supply), 
maintaining the remaining invoice at the normal VAT rate (23 per cent.). 
This is applicable to the electricity supply (contracted capacity =< 3.45 kVA) and entered into force on 1 
July 2019. 
Decree-Law no. 74/2020, of 24 September, approved the application of the intermediate VAT rate 
(currently 13 per cent. in mainland Portugal) to supplies of low voltage electricity (up to 6.9 kVA) for 
consumption not exceeding: 
 
100 kWh per 30-day period (applicable for consumption as from 1 December 2020); and 
 
150 kWh per 30-day period, when purchased for consumption by large households, defined as 
having five or more persons (applicable for consumption as from 1 March 2021). 
The reduced rate does not apply to fixed components of electricity supplies (i.e., that do not change with 
the amount of electricity consumed, such as the fixed component of the tariff to access the network and 
components related to the contracted power). 
Ministerial Order no. 247-A/2020, of 19 October, regulates certain aspects of the Decree-Law no 74/2020, 
such as the rules for large households, the computation of the thresholds when facing multi-hourly tariffs, 
and the apportionment of those thresholds when facing billing cycles of less than or greater than 30 days. 
Electricity supply is also carried out by the last resort supplier, licensed by the DGEG, and is subject to 
universal service obligations and regulation by ERSE. Besides supplying electricity to customers who have 
not switched to the liberalised market, the last resort supplier is responsible for the purchase of the special 
regime generation that benefits from a guaranteed remuneration scheme (feed-in tariff). This energy is sold 
by the last resort supplier in the organised markets or at energy auctions promoted and organised by ERSE. 
The last resort supplier is entitled to recoup the overcosts with the acquisition of the special regime 
generation relative to the revenues obtained from its sale in the market. 
Pursuant to amendments introduced by Decree-Law no. 264/2007, of 24 July, the last resort supplier is also 
further required to buy energy through market mechanisms, namely auctions, with conditions defined by 
the Portuguese government. The purchases are recognised for the purpose of regulated costs whenever they 
reach maturity. The last resort supplier must manage the different forms of contracts in order to acquire 
energy at the lowest cost. All unneeded surplus electricity acquired by the last resort supplier is resold on 
the organised market. 
Since 1 January 2007, the role of last resort supplier has been carried out by: (i) an independent entity, from 
an organisational and legal standpoint, SU Eletricidade, which was incorporated by EDP's subsidiary, E-
REDES; and (ii) some local low voltage distribution concessionaires with less than 100,000 clients. 
The prices that SU Eletricidade charges for the electricity supplied to the customers remaining in the 
regulated market are uniform throughout mainland Portugal and subject to extensive regulation. 
Revenues for last resort suppliers comprise different components according to the regulated activity: (i) the 
costs with the purchase and sale of energy and the access to the networks are fully recouped and recognised 
in the regulated cost base; and (ii) regarding the commercialisation activity, OPEX is subject to a price-cap 
mechanism, with an efficiency factor of 1.5 per cent. concerning the current regulatory period. 
Logistics for Switching Suppliers and Aggregators 
Electricity consumers are free to choose their electricity supplier since September 2006 and are exempt 
from any payment when switching suppliers. Switching suppliers should not take more than three weeks, 
and there is no limitation on the number of switches any customer can make. 
Decree-Law no. 172/2006, of 23 August, introduced a new legal entity, the logistic operator for switching 
suppliers ("OLMC"), regulated by ERSE, responsible for overseeing the logistical operations that facilitate

--- Page 199 ---
- 191 - 
 
 
consumer switching. The OLMC for electricity and natural gas is currently Agência para a Energia 
("ADENE"), the national agency for energy (as appointed by Decree-Law no. 38/2017, of 31 March). Until 
the 10-year licence is awarded to another entity by means of a competitive procedure (to be carried out 
within one year as of the date of entry into force of Decree-Law no. 15/2022, of 14 January), ADENE will 
continue to be the national agency for energy.  
Since the enactment of Decree-Law no. 15/2022, of 14 January, the OLMC is now also responsible for 
switching aggregators. 
Phasing out of end-user regulated tariffs 
The phasing out of end-user regulated tariffs began in 2011, pursuant to Decree-Law no. 104/2010, of 29 
September, which approved the termination of the end-user regulated tariff for clients other than normal 
low voltage (comprising the very high, high, medium and special low voltage levels) as of 1 January 2011 
and their replacement by a transitory end-user regulated tariff, set by ERSE. In turn, Resolution of the 
Council of Ministers no. 34/2011, of 1 August, approved the timetable for the termination of the end-user 
regulated tariff and the introduction of a transitory end-user regulated tariff for normal low voltage 
electricity consumers as follows: (i) 1 July 2012 for consumers with contracted power equal or greater than 
10.35 kVA; and (ii) 1 January 2013 for consumers with contracted power lower than 10.35 kVA. 
By law, the last resort supplier must continue to supply electricity consumers that have yet to migrate to the 
liberalised market. To encourage customers to switch to the liberalised market, Decree-Law no. 75/2012, 
of 26 March, approved the application of an aggravating factor to the transitory end-user regulated tariffs 
set by ERSE. 
The termination of the transitory end-user regulated tariffs was initially scheduled to occur on: (i) 31 
December 2011 for all segments other than normal low voltage; (ii) 31 December 2014 for normal low 
voltage customers with contracted power equal or greater than 10.35 kVA; and (iii) 31 December of 2015 
for the remainder. However, these deadlines have been continuously postponed, except for the very high 
voltage level, which ended in 2013. Following the enactment of Ministerial Order no. 83/2020, of 1 April, 
the phasing out of the remaining transitory end-user regulated tariffs is now scheduled to be completed as 
follows: 
 
normal low voltage electricity supply, 31 December 2025; 
 
medium voltage electricity supply, 31 December 2021; and 
 
special low voltage electricity supply, 31 December 2022. 
The dates for the extinction of the transitory end-user tariffs applicable to normal low voltage and special 
low voltage electricity supply were maintained by Decree-Law no. 15/2022, of 14 January. 
In addition, Decree-Law no. 75/2012, of 26 March, as amended by Law no. 105/2017, of 30 August, 
determined that the normal low voltage consumers that have already switched to the liberalised market may 
choose pricing conditions comparable to the end-user regulated tariffs and, ultimately, return to the last 
resort supplier when the relevant supplier does not offer such pricing conditions until 31 December 2025, 
under the terms established in Ministerial Order no. 348/2017, of 14 November (subsequently amended by 
Ministerial Order no. 6/2021, of 6 January, which extended this option of consumers until 31 December 
2025). Moreover, Law no. 105/2017 provides for the elimination of the aggravating factor established by 
Decree-Law no. 75/2012, of 26 March. 
Electricity Tariffs 
According to ERSE statutes, approved by Decree-Law no. 97/2002, of 12 April, as amended by Decree-
Law no. 212/2012, of 25 September, by Decree-Law no. 84/2013, of 25 June, by Decree-Law no. 57-
A/2018, of 13 July, by Decree-Law no. 76/2019, of 3 June, and by Decree-Law no. 71/2021, of 11 August,

--- Page 200 ---
- 192 - 
 
 
ERSE is responsible for the establishment and for the approval of tariffs and regulated prices applicable in 
Portugal, under the Tariff Code of the electricity sector.  
The tariffs and prices for electric energy in 2022 were approved by ERSE's Directive no. 3/2022, of 7 
January 2022. This document assumes a 0.2 per cent. annual average increase for normal low voltage 
electricity tariffs. 
Due to the high prices verified in MIBEL and in order to avoid excessive misalignment with the liberalised 
market and the creation of deviations to be recovered later by the tariffs, ERSE's Directive no. 8/2022, of 
11 April, proceeds with the extraordinary revision of the energy tariff which updated the low voltage 
electricity tariffs, with an increase of €5 MWh, with effect as from 1 April to 30 June 2022 (increase of 3 
per cent. on electricity bills). An exceptional setting of the tariffs and prices for electric energy, applicable 
for the second half of 2022, was approved by ERSE's Directive no. 17/2022, of 6 July 2022. Considering 
both revisions, the normal low voltage electricity tariffs assume a 1.1 per cent. annual average increase. 
Costs deferral 
In 2006 and 2007, a "tariff deficit" was generated, which meant that the end-user tariffs charged by the last 
resort supplier (E-REDES in 2006 and SU Eletricidade as of 2007) were not covering all the costs of the 
system, generating a loss for the last resort supplier and for the TSO, REN. This deficit resulted from two 
different decree-laws: (i) Decree-Law no. 187/95, of 27 July, amended by Decree-Law no. 157/96, of 31 
August, and Decree-Law no. 44/97, of 20 February, which prevented the low voltage tariffs from rising 
above the expected rate of inflation in 2006; and (ii) Decree-Law no. 237-B/2006, of 18 December, which 
limited the rise in tariffs for residential customers (normal low voltage) in 2007 to a maximum of 6 per 
cent. These deficits were fully recovered in ten years, beginning in 2008, through annual rises in the access 
tariffs. 
When ERSE set the tariffs for 2009, another, and significantly larger, tariff deficit was generated, mainly 
due to the increase in electricity prices in the wholesale market. Given the need to regulate the creation of 
these deficits and to clarify how they could be recovered, Decree-Law no. 165/2008, of 21 August, defined 
the rules applicable to: (i) tariff adjustments resulting from the electric energy acquired by the last resort 
supplier in exceptional cost situations; and (ii) the tariff repercussion of certain costs related to energy, 
sustainability and general economic interest policy measures. In particular, this decree-law determined that 
every tariff deficit generated thereon, on such conditions, should be recovered over a maximum period of 
15 years. In the case of the tariff deficit of 2009, an instalment worth 1/15 of the total deficit plus the 
corresponding interest has been added to the tariffs each year, beginning in 2010. 
In 2012, to prevent an increase in electricity tariffs, the Portuguese government deferred the CMEC annual 
adjustments of 2010, according to Decree-Law no. 109/2011, of 18 November. Another deferral was 
enacted pursuant to Decree-Law no. 256/2012, of 29 November, applying to the CMEC and PPA annual 
adjustments of 2011, earning interests at an annual rate of 5 per cent. and 4 per cent., respectively, as set 
by Ministerial Order no. 145/2013, of 9 April. 
Decree-Law no. 32/2014, of 28 February, deferred the CMEC annual adjustment of 2012 in the electricity 
tariffs for 2014, to be recovered in equal parts in the allowed revenues of the distribution network operator 
for 2017 and 2018. The Decree-Law also determined the payment of a compensation for this deferral, 
according to a remuneration rate computed pursuant to Ministerial Order no. 500/2014, of 26 June, applied 
to the parameters being established by Dispatch no. 9480/2014, of 22 July, resulting in an annual interest 
rate of 5 per cent. 
In 2011, a change in Decree-Law no. 29/2006, of 15 February, was established by Decree-Law no. 78/2011, 
of 20 June, and further amended by Decree-Law no. 75/2012, of 26 March, by Decree-Law no. 112/2012, 
of 23 May, by Decree-Law no. 215 A/2012, of 8 October, by Decree-Law no. 178/2015, of 27 August, and 
Law no. 42/2016, of 28 December, in order to allow for the deferral of overcosts with the acquisition of 
electricity under the special regime generation over a period of five years, mandatory for the 2012 overcosts 
and optional for the overcosts up until 2020. Accordingly, since 2012, ERSE has been deferring for a 5-
year period the recovery of the special regime generation overcosts expected for each year. On 1 October 
2020, Decree-Law no. 79/2020, allowed for the deferral of overcosts with the acquisition of electricity 
under the special regime generation until 31 December 2025.

--- Page 201 ---
- 193 - 
 
 
Ministerial Order no. 279/2011, of 17 October, further regulated by Ministerial Order no. 146/2013, of 11 
April and Ministerial Order no. 262-A/2016, of 10 October, set the methodology to calculate the rate of 
return applicable to the deferral of the recovery of the overcosts with the acquisition of special regime 
generation. The final value of the rate of return depends on parameters defined annually in supplementary 
legislation. The parameters for 2021 were set by Order no.12088/2020, of 14 December, and considered by 
ERSE in the tariffs for 2021. On 30 June 2021, Ministerial Order no. 138/2021 revoked Ministerial Order 
no. 279/2011, of 17 October (and further legislation), and established a new methodology to calculate the 
rate of return applicable to the deferral of the recovery of the overcosts with the acquisition of special 
regime generation and a sharing mechanism with electricity consumers whenever, from the assignment of 
the right to receive the amounts relating to special regime generators, the EDP Group obtained a gain. 
Social tariffs 
The electricity social tariff was established by Decree-Law no. 138-A/2010, of 28 December, as amended 
by Decree-Law no. 172/2014, of 14 November, and Law no. 7-A/2016, of 30 March, corresponding to a 
20.0 per cent. discount applied to the low voltage access tariff applicable to vulnerable consumers, borne 
by the non-renewable electricity generators, as well as by entities operating large hydro power plants. The 
procedures and conditions for the attribution of the electricity social tariff are regulated by the provisions 
of Ministerial Order no. 178-B/2016, of 1 July. 
Decree-Law no. 102/2011, of 30 September, as amended by Decree-Law no. 172/2014, of 14 November, 
regulated by Ministerial Orders no. 275-A/2011 and no. 275-B/2011, of 30 September, introduced an 
additional support mechanism, by establishing the extraordinary social support to the energy consumer 
("ASECE"), corresponding to a 13.8 per cent. discount applied to the electricity bill before taxes, borne by 
the Portuguese taxpayers. 
The 2016 state budget law (Law no. 7-A/2016, of 30 March) introduced important changes in the support 
mechanisms addressing energy poverty, creating a unique and automatic model to assign social tariffs to 
economically vulnerable customers. Concurrently, it revoked Decree-Law no. 102/2011, of 30 September, 
determining the incorporation of ASECE into the social tariff discount, thereby increasing the amount 
financed by the ordinary regime generation. 
The rate of discount of the social tariff is established annually by Dispatch of the member of the Portuguese 
government responsible for energy affairs. Accordingly, for 2022, Dispatch no. 9977/2021, published on 
14 October, kept the discount unchanged at a rate equivalent to 33.8 per cent. of the electricity bill before 
taxes. 
On 26 November 2020, Decree-Law no. 100/2020, extended the requirements to benefit from the electricity 
and natural gas social tariff, in particular to include all unemployment situations in addition to those that 
already exist and, also, to the beneficiaries of the disability social pension under the special disability 
protection regime or the complement of the social benefit for inclusion. 
On 1 March 2021, Ministerial Order no. 45-B/2021 amended Ministerial Order no. 178-B/2016, of 1 July, 
which established the procedures, model and other conditions necessary for the application of the social 
tariff for the supply of electricity, namely in order to increase the frequency in which the procedures for 
automatic identification and validation of economically vulnerable customers occur. 
Collateral management in the Electricity System 
On 15 April 2021, ERSE's Directive no. 7/2021 was published in the Portuguese official gazette, which 
approved the electricity power system's collateral management regime. The collateral management regime 
determines that the guarantees provided by each agent include two components: an individual and a solidary 
guarantee, which may cover both own responsibilities and the responsibilities of the agents in the system, 
respectively.  
OMIP is the responsible entity to perform the integrated management of collateral between agents. 
Electric Mobility 
EDP, through its subsidiary EDP Comercial – Comercialização de Energia, S.A. acts both as a charging 
points operator and as a supplier of electricity for electric mobility.

--- Page 202 ---
- 194 - 
 
 
The organisation of the electric mobility sector was approved by Decree-Law no. 39/2010, of 16 April, as 
amended by Decree-Law no. 90/2014, of 11 June, and by Law no. 82-D/2014, of 31 December. 
ERSE's Regulation no. 854/2019, of 4 November (Electric Mobility Regulation), as amended by Regulation 
no. 103/2021, of 1 February defines how the public charging stations network should be managed and 
delineates the roles of the key players involved in the operation of the mobility network, including the 
remuneration of the regulated activities within the sector. 
Under the current legal model there is a regulated entity, Mobi.E, which is responsible for the management 
of the public network to which charging points are connected.  
The Portuguese regulation ensures that any electrical vehicle user is allowed to use any charging station in 
places of public access (at national level), though it does not expressly consider ad hoc charging and it 
imposes a regulated roaming entity. 
The network tariff structure applied to electric mobility is fully variable (and may be charged by €/kWh, 
€/minute or €/charging session), though it reflects some costs related with contracted capacity (kW). 
Charging stations located in private access spaces are not required to connect to the electric mobility 
network under a contract with Mobi.E (although such connection shall be provided if requested) and may 
be supplied under the supply agreement entered into with the supplier of the national electricity system 
(instead of executing a supply agreement with a supplier of electricity for electric mobility). 
On 27 December 2019, a public tender was launched through Procedure Notice no. 14283/2019 for the 
concession of the operation of electric mobility charging stations. This was an international public tender, 
for the concession to operate the Mobi.E pilot for 10 years and involved 663 Normal Charging Stations. 
The tender was divided into 11 lots (about 60 charging stations per lot), distributed territorially in an 
equitable manner, with each operator, although able to apply to all 11 lots, allowed to obtain a maximum 
of three lots. EDP, GALP, KLC and Power Dot were the four companies selected for the concession for the 
operation of Mobi.E.'s electric mobility charging stations. 
On 28 May 2020, ERSE's Directive no. 8/2020 approved the general conditions of the contract for joining 
the electric mobility network and the methodology for calculating the guarantees to be provided to Mobi.E. 
On 30 December 2021, Order no. 12584-H/2021 established the financial support for network access 
charges for electric mobility and repealed Order no. 5380/2021, of 28 May. 
The tariffs for the activity of the electric mobility network management entity, Mobi.E, to be in force from 
January to December 2022, were approved through ERSE's Directive no. 2/2022, of 7 January.

--- Page 203 ---
- 195 - 
 
 
Gas Sector: Regulatory Framework 
1. 
Overview 
The general basis, principles and model of organisation of the Portuguese Gas System ("SNG"), were 
established through Decree-Law no. 62/2020, of 28 August, as amended by Rectification no. 40-C/2020, 
of 27 October, which transposes Directive 2019/692 of the European Parliament and of the Council of 17 
April 2019, concerning common rules for the internal market in natural gas.  
Such decree-law encompasses not only the legal regime applicable to the activities of natural gas (formerly 
covered by Decree-Law no. 30/2006, of 15 February, and Decree-Law no. 140/2006, of 26 July), but also 
introduces the legal framework applicable to the production and introduction of low carbon gases and gases 
of renewable origin. 
The SNG is currently divided into six major activities: reception, storage and regasification of LNG, 
underground storage of natural gas, transmission, distribution, supply and logistic operations for switching 
between suppliers. 
Activities related to the reception, storage and regasification of LNG, underground storage of natural gas, 
and transmission of natural gas are regulated and provided through the award of public service concessions. 
Natural gas distribution is regulated and carried out through the award of public service concessions or 
licences.  
The supply of natural gas is open to competition and only requires compliance with a licensing or 
registration procedure.  
On 1 April 2019, ERSE published an update to natural gas regulations (the Tariff, Commercial Relations 
and Access to the Networks, Infrastructure and Interconnections Regulations) that had been under public 
consultation since January 2019, aiming to prepare the next regulatory period. One of the outcomes of the 
public consultation was the extension of the regulatory periods to four years. 
ERSE approved the new gas regulations, as further detailed below, completing the adaptation of the 
regulation to the new national legal framework that now includes the production of renewable gases and 
low-carbon gases. 
2. 
Natural Gas Supply 
EDP operates in the supply of natural gas market, which is open to competition, subject only to prior 
registration with DGEG. EDP's licensed supplier of natural gas for the liberalised market is EDP Comercial. 
Decree-Law no. 60/2019, of 13 May, also established a reduced VAT rate (6 per cent.) for the fixed 
component of the third party access to the natural gas supply, maintaining the remaining invoice at the 
normal VAT rate (23 per cent.). This applies to the natural gas supply (low pressure <= 10 000 m3/year) 
and it entered into force on 1 July 2019. 
Suppliers may openly buy and sell natural gas. For this purpose, they have the right to access the natural 
gas transmission and distribution networks upon payment of an access tariff set by ERSE. The Natural Gas 
Framework enumerates certain public service obligations for suppliers to ensure the quality and continuity 
of supply, as well as consumer protection with respect to prices, access tariffs and access to information in 
simple and understandable terms. 
The Natural Gas Legal Framework also establishes the existence of a gross last resort supplier and of retail 
last resort suppliers, licensed by DGEG and subject to regulation by ERSE. As last resort suppliers are 
required to be legally separated from all other activities (unless they supply less than 100,000 clients), 
EDP's last resort supplier activity is undertaken by its subsidiary, EDP Gás SU, in the concession area of 
REN Portgás Distribuição, S.A., which covers the districts of Oporto, Braga and Viana do Castelo, in the 
Northern coastal region of Portugal. 
The allowed revenues of the last resort suppliers are defined by ERSE on an annual basis according to the 
parameters set at the beginning of each regulatory period. On 30 June 2016, ERSE released the parameters 
for the new regulatory period 2016 to 2019. The allowed revenues of EDP Gás SU were set as follows: (i) 
the retailing activity is remunerated through the application of a rate of return to the working capital, in

--- Page 204 ---
- 196 - 
 
 
addition of a retail margin of €4/client/year; and (ii) the OPEX is subject to a price-cap mechanism, with 
an efficiency factor of 2.0 per cent. The working capital is remunerated by a 6.20 per cent. reference rate 
of return, indexed to the evolution of the yield of the 10-year Portuguese Treasury bonds between April of 
year "t-1" and March of year "t". This mechanism sets a floor and a cap of 5.70 per cent. and 9.30 per cent., 
respectively. 
ERSE Directive no. 15/2022, of 28 June, approved the regulated tariffs to be applicable between July 2022 
and June 2023.  
Following the recent decrease in the wholesale natural gas prices, ERSE's Directives no. 9/2022, of 11 
April, and 14/2022, of 27 June, approved an updated of the gas tariffs, as approved by Directive no. 
12/2021, of 29 June, which have been in force since 1 April 2022 and 1 July 2022, respectively. 
Logistics operations for switching suppliers 
The option to switch to the liberalised market is open to all natural gas consumers as of January 2010. Since 
then, natural gas consumers are free to choose their supplier and are exempt from any payment when 
switching suppliers.  The rules approved by Decree-Law no. 15/2022, of 14 January on the OLMC for the 
National Electricity System also apply to the National gas System. As such, the entity currently carrying 
out such activity within the latter is ADENE. 
Phasing out of end-user regulated tariffs 
The phasing out of end-user regulated tariffs began in 2010, pursuant to Decree-Law no. 66/2010, of 11 
June, which approved the termination of the end-user regulated tariff for large clients (with an annual gas 
consumption greater than 10,000m3) as of 1 July 2010, and their replacement by a transitory end-user 
regulated tariff, set by ERSE. Decree-Law no. 74/2012, of 26 March, approved the timetable for the 
termination of the end-user regulated tariff and introduced a transitory end-user regulated tariff for clients 
with annual gas consumption lower than 10,000 m3 as follows: (i) 1 July 2012 for clients with an annual 
gas consumption greater than 500 m3; and (ii) 1 January 2013, for the remainder. By law, the last resort 
suppliers must continue to supply the natural gas consumers that have yet to migrate to the liberalised 
market. 
However, these deadlines have been continuously postponed and, following the enactment of Ministerial 
Order no. 83/2020, of 1 April, the phasing out of the transitory end-user regulated tariffs is now scheduled 
to be completed by: (i) 31 December 2022, for low pressure natural gas supply to clients with an annual 
consumption higher than 10,000m3; and (ii) 31 December 2025, for natural gas supply to clients with an 
annual consumption below 10,000m3. After this time, last resort suppliers will only be allowed to supply 
economically vulnerable consumers, as defined by Decree-Law no. 231/2012, of 26 October. However, 
economically vulnerable consumers were granted the right to choose whether to continue to be supplied by 
the last resort supplier or by a regular supplier, maintaining in any case the right to benefit from the legally 
established tariff discounts. 
Social Tariffs 
The natural gas social tariff was established by Decree-Law no. 101/2011, of 30 September, corresponding 
to a discount applied to the low-pressure access tariff borne by natural gas customers. The procedures and 
conditions for the attribution of the electricity social tariff are regulated by the provisions of Ministerial 
Order no.178-C/2016, of 1 July, as amended by Ministerial Order no. 12/2021, of 11 January. 
In addition, Decree-Law no. 102/2011, of 30 September, regulated by Ministerial Orders no. 275-A/2011 
and no. 275-B/2011, of 30 September, introduced the ASECE, corresponding to a 13.8 per cent. discount 
applied to the natural gas bill before taxes, borne by the Portuguese taxpayers. 
The 2016 state budget law (Law no.7-A/2016, of 30 March) introduced important changes in the support 
mechanisms addressing energy poverty, creating a unique and automatic model to assign social tariffs to 
economically vulnerable customers. At the same time, it determined the incorporation of ASECE into the 
social tariff discount (revoking Decree-Law no. 102/2011, of 30 September). 
The rate of discount of the social tariff is established annually by Dispatch of the member of the Portuguese 
government responsible for energy issues. Dispatch no.3163/2021, of 24 March, keeps the 31.2 per cent. 
discount rate for the tariff period between 2021 and 2022, with effect on 1 October 2021.

--- Page 205 ---
- 197 - 
 
 
The 2018 state budget law (Law no. 114/2017, of 29 December) provides for changes to the way the costs 
of the social tariff are funded, by determining that these costs should be borne by the natural gas 
transportation companies and suppliers, as a pro rata of the amount of gas supplied in the previous year. 
As per the Portuguese government's request, the Attorney General's office issued an opinion on the state 
budget law's provision that establishes social tariff's funding in which it argues that all companies 
responsible for the transportation of natural gas shall bear the costs of the social tariff and that these shall 
include the TSO, as well as the DSO. 
Following the homologation of such opinion by the Secretary of State for Energy, and even though the 
interpretation contained therein only binds the public services that requested said opinion, ERSE amended 
the Tariff Code as to reflect the interpretation of the Attorney General's office opinion. 
In fact, these changes became effective as of 1 July 2018, after ERSE introduced the necessary amendments 
to the Natural Gas Tariff Regulation and to the Commercial Relations Regulation, approved, respectively, 
by Regulations no. 385/2018, of 21 June, and no. 387/2018, of 22 June. 
On 26 November 2020, Decree-Law no. 100/2020 extended the requirements to benefit from the electricity 
and natural gas social tariff, in particular to include all unemployment situations in addition to those that 
already exist and, also, to the beneficiaries of the disability social pension under the special disability 
protection regime or the "prestação social para a inclusão" (a social allowance which aims to improve the 
social protection of persons with disabilities and to encourage their participation in society and the labour 
workforce). 
Collateral Management in the Gas Power System 
On 15 April 2021, ERSE's Directive no. 7/2021 was published in the Portuguese official gazette, which 
approved the gas system's collateral management regime. The collateral management regime determines 
that the guarantees provided by each agent include two components: an individual and a solidary guarantee, 
which may cover both own responsibilities and the responsibilities of the agents in the system, respectively. 
OMIP is the responsible entity to perform the integrated management of collateral between agents. 
3. 
Market Regulators 
Responsibility for regulation of the Portuguese energy sector is shared between DGEG, ERSE and the 
Portuguese Competition Authority, according to their respective functions and responsibilities. 
DGEG 
DGEG has primary responsibility for the conception, promotion and evaluation of policies concerning 
energy and geological resources and has the stated aim of assisting the sustainable development and the 
security of energy supply in Portugal. Namely, DGEG is responsible for: assisting in defining, enacting, 
evaluating and implementing energy policies; promoting and preparing the legal and regulatory framework 
underlying the development of the generation, transmission, distribution and consumption of electricity; 
supporting the Ministry of the Economy at an international and European level; supervising compliance 
with the legal and regulatory framework that underpins the Portuguese energy sector (particularly in 
connection with the electricity transmission network and the electricity distribution network); approving 
the issuance, modification and revocation of electricity generation licences; conducting the public tender 
procedure for the attribution of network interconnection points in the renewable energy sector; and issuing 
opinions concerning the energy sector. 
DGEG is also responsible for proposing the Distribution Network Regulation and the Transmission 
Network Regulation of the Portuguese Electricity System. These regulations identify the assets of both 
networks and set out the conditions for their operation, notably regarding the control, management and 
maintenance of the network, technical conditions applicable to the installations connected to the network, 
support systems and reading and measurement systems. Both the Distribution Network Regulation and the 
Transmission Network Regulation were approved by Ministerial Order no. 596/2010, of 30 July.

--- Page 206 ---
- 198 - 
 
 
ERSE 
ERSE was appointed as the independent regulator of electricity services in February 1997. ERSE is 
currently the regulatory authority for the electricity sector in the autonomous regions of Madeira and Azores, 
as well as the sectors of gas, LPG, oil-based fuels and biofuels, and electric mobility. 
In 2012, Decree-Law no. 212/2012, of 25 September, revised ERSE's statutes with an emphasis on the 
reinforcement of the regulator's powers, namely those applicable to sanctions. Accordingly, Law no. 9/2013, 
of 28 January, established the sanctioning regime applicable to the electricity and natural gas sectors and 
formally granted ERSE powers to initiate legal proceedings and apply sanctions to the entities operating in 
these sectors. 
According to ERSE statutes, ERSE is responsible for the establishment and for the approval of tariffs and 
regulated prices for electricity and natural gas. No later than 15 December of each year, ERSE publishes a 
document defining the allowed revenues of the regulated activities and the electricity tariffs for the 
following year. The procedure is identical for gas, but with nearly a 6-month lag, taking place no later than 
1 June of each year.  
Every three years, ERSE publishes a document containing the parameters for each new regulatory period. 
The tariffs and prices for electricity and other services in 2022 were approved by ERSE Directive no. 3/2022, 
of 7 January. These tariffs were updated (exceptionally) by Directive no. 17/2022, of 6 July. 
The tariffs and prices for natural gas in the gas year 2021-2022 were approved by ERSE Directive no. 
12/2021, of 29 June. These tariffs were updated (exceptionally) by Directives no. 9/2022, of 11 April, and 
14/2022, of 27 June. 
The approval of the main regulations applicable to the Portuguese electricity and natural gas systems is also 
assigned to ERSE as set forth below: 
 
the Electricity Tariff Regulation (Regulation no. 785/2021, of 23 August, rectified by Rectification 
no. 813/2021, of 16 November) and the Gas Tariff Regulation (Regulation no. 368/2021, of 28 
April, as amended by regulation no. 583/2022, of 28 June) established the methodology for 
determining the allowed revenues of the regulated companies and setting the regulated tariffs, 
including the criteria to settle the tariff structure. 
 
the Electricity and Gas Commercial Relations Regulation (Regulation no. 1129/2020, of 30 
December) set the provisions governing the commercial and contractual relationship between the 
agents operating in the electricity and gas sectors, including the commercial conditions under 
which the connection to the energy grid can be established and the rules to be observed in the 
process of switching suppliers. 
 
the Electricity and Gas Quality of Service Regulation (Regulation no. 406/2021, of 12 May) set 
the standards for the technical and commercial quality of service to be rendered in all services 
provided by the network operators and suppliers of the Portuguese electricity and gas systems. 
 
the Electricity Access to the Network and Interconnections Regulation (Regulation no. 560/2014, 
of 22 December, amended by Regulation no. 620/2017, of 18 December) and the Gas Access to 
the Networks, Infrastructure and Interconnections Regulation (Regulation no. 407/2021, of 12 May) 
established the technical and commercial conditions under which third parties may access the 
energy infrastructure, including the criteria for the network operators to refuse access. 
 
the Electricity Networks Operation Regulation (Regulation no. 557/2014, of 19 December) and the 
Gas Infrastructure Operation Code (Regulation no. 341/2021, of 14 April) laid down the 
procedures for managing the electricity/natural gas flows in the electricity transmission network/ 
natural gas transmission network, underground storage facilities and LNG terminals, while 
ensuring interoperability with the networks connected to these infrastructures. 
Portuguese Competition Authority 
Portugal's competition act, Law no. 19/2012, of 8 May, has been in force since 8 July 2012 (as amended) 
and follows closely the wording of the fundamental antitrust provisions contained in the Treaty on the 
Functioning in the EU and of the EU Merger Control Regulation.

--- Page 207 ---
- 199 - 
 
 
Competition rules in Portugal are enforced by an independent agency, AdC. To that end, AdC has a number 
of sanctioning, supervisory and regulatory powers which include investigative prerogatives to perform 
inquiries of legal representatives of companies or associations of companies, request documents or 
information and conduct searches at business and non-business premises, including private domiciles.  
AdC expects its investigation powers to be strengthened shortly as a result of the imminent entry into force 
of the legal provisions transposing Directive (EU) 2019/1 of the European Parliament and of the Council 
of 11 December 2018 to empower the competition authorities of the Member States to be more effective 
enforcers and to ensure the proper functioning of the internal market. On 17 August 2022, the transposing 
bill, Law no. 17/2022, of 17 August, was published in the Portuguese Official Journal, and the new legal 
provisions are due to enter into force on 17 September 2022. 
Under the new legal framework, AdC will notably gain the power to access any technological device, 
including smartphones, tablets, or cloud servers, to seize evidence in antitrust investigations, whereas thus 
far AdC has only inspected computers. 
AdC may also impose fines on companies and individuals that do not comply with EU and Portuguese 
competition rules. Penalties can amount to 10 per cent. of a group's annual turnover or 10 per cent. of an 
individual's annual income in the previous year. It is expected that AdC will be willing to make use of its 
expanded investigative powers in years to come.

--- Page 208 ---
- 200 - 
 
 
SPAIN 
Electricity Sector:  Regulatory Framework 
1. 
Overview 
The main characteristics of the Spanish electricity sector are the existence of the wholesale Spanish 
generation market since 1998 (also referred to as the "Spanish Pool"), and the fact that all consumers have 
been free to choose their supplier since 1 January 2003. Additionally, since 2006, bilateral contracts and 
the forward market (long-term energy acquisition contracts) have made up a larger part of the market. 
All generators provide electricity at market prices to the Spanish Pool and under bilateral contracts to 
consumers and other suppliers at agreed prices. Suppliers, including last resort suppliers, and consumers 
can buy electricity in this pool. Foreign companies may also buy and sell in the Spanish pool and in the 
forward markets. 
The market operator and agency responsible for the market's economic management and bidding process 
is OMIE (see "Regulatory framework—Iberian Peninsula—MIBEL Overview"), while - Red Eléctrica de 
España, S.A. ("REE") is the operator and manager of the transmission grid and sole transmission agent. 
REE, as the transmission company, together with the regulated distributors, provide network access to all 
consumers. However, consumers must pay an access tariff or toll for the transmission and the distribution. 
Comisión Nacional de los Mercados y la Competencia ("CNMC") is the national regulatory authority of 
the Spanish energy markets according to Law 3/2013. 
Liberalised suppliers are free to set a price for their customers. The main direct activity costs of these 
entities are the wholesale market price and the regulated access tariffs and charges to be paid to the 
distribution companies. Electricity generators and suppliers or consumers may also engage in bilateral 
contracts without participating in the wholesale market. 
As from 1 July 2009, last resort suppliers, appointed by the Spanish government, supply electricity at a 
regulated tariff set by the Spanish government to the last resort consumers (low-voltage electricity 
consumers whose contracted power is less than or equal to 10 kW). Since then, distributors have not been 
permitted to supply electricity. In January 2014, the last resort tariff was replaced by the "Voluntary Price 
for the Small Consumer" (Precio Voluntario para el Pequeño Consumidor) ("PVPC"). 
Royal Decree-Law no. 6/2010 created a new player responsible for developing the supply of energy to 
recharge electric vehicles. However, since the introduction of Royal Decree-Law 15/2018, customers 
meeting certain requirements are allowed to supply energy to recharge electric vehicles without licencing. 
As part of the unbundling of the TSOs, Spanish distributors sold their remaining transmission assets to REE 
in 2011, completing the process required by Law no. 17/2007, which established REE as the sole 
transmission agent. 
Through Royal Decree-Law no. 13/2012 and Royal Decree-Law 1/2019, Directive 2009/72/EC has been 
transposed to the Spanish regulation. 
Royal Decree-Law no. 9/2013, of 13 July, included a set of regulatory modifications applicable to the 
Spanish electricity sector that affected the return ratio of energy assets between 2013 and 2019. These 
modifications were confirmed by the enactment of Law no. 24/2013 of the Electricity Sector, of 26 
December, and were primarily aimed at eliminating the tariff deficit. The main modification directly 
implemented by Royal Decree-Law no. 9/2013 was that the return ratio pre-tax of regulated activities was 
indexed to the yield associated with Spanish ten-year sovereign bonds plus a spread. The spread mentioned 
above for distribution and transmission activities was established at 100 basis points for the second half of 
2013 and has been set at 200 basis points between 2014 and 2019. The spread for renewable and combined 
heat and power ("CHP") generation has been set at 300 basis points since the enactment of Royal Decree-
Law no. 9/2013. 
Following the enactment of Law no. 24/2013, the Spanish government implemented a set of additional 
royal decrees that included modifications to regulations governing all activities relating to the provision of 
energy, including renewables, electricity distribution and transmission, as further detailed in the following 
sections.

--- Page 209 ---
- 201 - 
 
 
Royal Decree-Law no. 7/2016 established that discounts in tariffs to vulnerable customers ("Social 
Voucher") would be supported by all supply companies. Royal Decree no. 897/2017 established 
requirements to become a vulnerable customer and the applicable discounts. 
Royal Decree-Law no. 15/2018 banished charges and access tariffs to self-customers and allows the shared 
self-consumption (which is, in effect, a pooling system for consumers). However, some points of this decree 
are still not in force until further regulatory development. 
Royal Decree-Law no. 17/2019 set the return ratio for renewable and CHP plants at 7.09 per cent. with 
effect from 1 January 2020. However, the power plant may maintain the previous return ratio (7.4 per cent. 
for power plants built before July 2013 and 7.503 per cent. for power stations built since July 2013) if the 
owner of the power plant gives up all lawsuits and arbitration processes against the remuneration scheme 
approved after Royal Decree no. 661/2007. 
Royal Decree-Law no. 1/2019 gave CNMC the powers to set the return ratio for electricity transmission 
and distribution activities. Thereby, Circular 2/2019 of CNMC established that, with effect from 1 January 
2020 onwards, the return ratio for these activities will be 5.58 per cent. according to a weighted average 
cost of capital ("WACC") methodology. For 2020, as an exceptional measure, a financial remuneration 
rate of 6.003 per cent. will also be applied. 
The National Strategy for the Energy Sector and the Climate Change and Energy Transition Law 
Following the publication of Regulation (EU) 2018/1999 of the European Parliament and of the Council of 
11 December 2018 on the Governance of the Energy Union and Climate Action, the Spanish government 
elaborated a draft National Energy and Climate Plan ("PNIEC") in March 2019 as well as a draft Law for 
Climate Change and Ecological Transition where the Spanish objectives for 2030 were appointed. These 
documents were subject to a public hearing. According to the documents published on the web page of the 
Ministry for the Ecological Transition, energy consumption from renewable resources will have to be at 
least 35 per cent. by 2030 (more than 70 per cent. in the electricity sector), which implies at least 3.000 
MW of new renewable capacity in the electricity sector every year. The final Spanish PNIEC has been 
assessed positively by the EC. 
In the first semester of 2021, progress in the development of the PNIEC focused on actions such as the 
approval of the "Energy Storage Strategy", the publication of the proposed "Roadmap for Offshore Wind 
and Marine Energies", the "Biogas Roadmap" and the development of the "Just Transition Strategy" (which 
aims to promote regions where coal or nuclear power plants are being closed). 
In May 2021, the Climate Change and Energy Transition Law was published (Law 7/2021). This will be 
the regulatory framework which will underpin the Spanish government's future environmental regulations 
and is in line with the EU's climate strategy and the Paris Agreement. 
The Spanish government's commitment to decarbonisation was reflected in the emission reduction targets 
in the diffuse sectors (mobility, thermal uses in buildings, waste or agriculture) which, with a cut of 39 per 
cent., is 13 per cent. above the target of 26 per cent. set by the EU. Similarly, whilst the EU targets 
renewable energy consumption between 38-40 per cent. and energy efficiency between 36-37 per cent. by 
2030, the PNIEC establishes a 42 per cent. and 39.5 per cent. target for Spain, respectively. 
Electricity Sector Act 
The enactment of Law no. 54/1997 on the electricity sector gradually changed the Spanish electricity sector 
from a state-controlled system to a free-market system with elements of free competition and liberalisation. 
Law no. 54/1997 was intended to guarantee that the supply of electricity in Spain is provided at high quality 
and lowest possible cost. In order to achieve those targets, the Electricity Sector Act provides for: 
 
the unbundling of regulated (transmission, distribution, technical management of the system and 
economic management of the wholesale market) and liberalised activities (generation, trading, 
international transactions and energy supply for recharging electric vehicles); 
 
a wholesale generation market, or electricity pool; 
 
freedom of entry to the electricity sector for new operators carrying out liberalised activities;

--- Page 210 ---
- 202 - 
 
 
 
the ability of all consumers to select their electricity supplier and their method of supply as of 1 
January 2003; 
 
the right of all operators and consumers to access the transmission and distribution grid by paying 
access tariffs approved by the Spanish government; and 
 
the protection of the environment. 
Law no. 17/2007 amended Law no. 54/1997, bringing it into conformity with Directive 2009/72/EC, with 
the intention of reconciling the liberalisation of the electricity system with the twin national objectives of 
guaranteeing supply at the lowest possible price and minimising environmental damage. Royal Decree-
Law no. 13/2012 built upon the achievement of that target by introducing Directive 2009/72/EC in the 
Spanish regulation. 
In December 2013, a new electricity sector act (Law no. 24/2013) entered into force substituting Law no. 
54/1997 (the "Electricity Sector Act"). This law is based on the reforms announced by the Ministry of 
Industry in July 2013 and maintains the main principles of Law no. 54/1997 but reinforces the objectives 
of economic and financial sustainability in the electricity sector, thus preventing a new tariff deficit. This 
law has been amended several times to adapt to new situations in the sector (for instance, self-consumption 
or social voucher). 
Recent regulatory developments 
Royal Decree-Law no. 17/2021, of September 14, on urgent measures to mitigate the impact of the increase 
in natural gas prices in the gas and electricity markets introduced several measures to deal with the upward 
trend in electricity prices observed in the last two quarters of 2021, including the suspension or modification 
of certain taxes. 
In October 2021, Royal Decree-Law no. 23/2021, of October 26, was published, introducing some changes 
to Royal Decree- Law 17/2021 and establishing new urgent energy measures for the protection of 
consumers and the introduction of transparency in the wholesale and retail electricity and gas natural 
markets.  
In line with the measures adopted by Royal Decree-Law 17/2021 and 23/2021, between the months of 
March and August 2022 the Government has published Royal Decree-Laws 6/2022, 10/2022, 11/2022 and 
14/2022, which progressively extend the previously defined measures and adopt new to deal with the crisis 
situation resulting from the war in Ukraine, among which it is interesting to highlight the temporary 
mechanism for adjusting the production costs of the wholesale market defined in Royal Decree-Law 10/ 
2022. 
 
2. 
The Electricity Value Chain 
A. Electricity Generation 
Generation facilities have several methods of contracting for the sale of electricity and determining a price 
for the electricity: 
 
Wholesale energy market or pool: This pool was created on 1 January 1998 and includes a variety 
of transactions that result from the participation of market agents (including generators, suppliers 
and direct consumers and, until 30 June 2009, distributors) in daily and intra-day market sessions. 
 
Bilateral contracts: Bilateral contracts are private contracts between market agents, where terms 
and conditions are freely negotiated and agreed. Information about these contracts must be given 
to the energy market in order to ensure transparency within the electricity industry. 
 
Auctions for purchase options or primary emissions of energy: Principal market participants could 
be required by law to offer purchase options for a pre-established amount of their power. Some of 
the remaining market participants are entitled to purchase such options during a specified period. 
However, these options are currently not regulated in Spain.

--- Page 211 ---
- 203 - 
 
 
These sales can be subject to Regulation (EU) No. 1227/2011 of the European Parliament and of the Council 
on wholesale energy market integrity and transparency ("REMIT"). REMIT imposes certain obligations 
on market participants, mainly transparency and information obligations. It is compulsory for members of 
the EU. 
Power plants also participate in ancillary services markets managed by the system operator, REE. 
Participation is mandatory for some of these services and for certain kind of power plants. 
Until December 2013, power plants that used renewable, waste and CHP energy sources were regulated 
under a "special regime", but the distinction between an ordinary and a special regime ceased to apply after 
the enactment of Law no. 24/2013. 
Order no. ITC 2794/2007 established a new regime of fixed payments applicable to generators operating in 
the ordinary regime. This regime established an investment incentive, for a period of ten years, set at an 
initial amount of €20,000 per MW installed, later increased to €26,000 per MW installed by Order 
ITC/3127/2011 and lowered to €10,000 per MW installed by Royal Decree-Law no. 9/2013. 
Law no. 15/2012 imposed a set of taxes on generators in order to cover the costs of the electricity system: 
(i) a 7 per cent. generation tax on income from electricity output; (ii) a 22 per cent. charge on the use of 
inland water for electricity generation (increased to 25.5 per cent. by means of Royal Decree-Law 10/2017, 
of 9 June); (iii) a tax on the production of nuclear waste and a tax on storage of this waste; (iv) a tax on 
natural gas of €0.65/GJ applying to all natural gas consumers (derogated by means of Royal Decree-Law 
15/2018 since October 2018); (v) a tax on coal of €0.65/GJ applicable to generators; and (vi) a tax on fuel 
oil of €12.00/tonne and tax on gas oil of €29.15/litre applicable to generators. Royal Decree-Law 15/2018 
also temporarily suspended the application of the 7 per cent. tax on income from electricity output during 
the fourth quarter of 2018 and first quarter of 2019. Royal Decree Law 12/2021 suspended 7 per cent. of 
the tax on the value of electric power production for the third quarter of 2021. 
Law no. 24/2013 also foresees the temporary closure of generation facilities, which would be subject to a 
prior administrative authorisation scheme. 
Royal Decree-Law 15/2018 of October 2018 modified Law 24/2013 creating a new framework for 
promoting self-consumption. Since then, access tariffs or charges for self-generated energy (the informally 
called "sun tax" that was created by Royal Decree no. 900/2015) were banished and self-customers only 
have to pay access tariffs if they use the distribution network. Royal Decree 244/2019 of April 2019 
established the new administrative, technical and economic regime for self-consumption allowing shared 
self-consumption, the use of the distribution network for exchanging self-generated energy in the proximity 
of the self-customers and also a simplified remuneration mechanism where self-customers can opt to get a 
discount in their energy invoices if they deliver their excess generation to their supplier ("net billing"). 
In November 2019, CNMC passed Circular 3/2019 regulating the wholesale markets, balancing and non-
frequency services of the electricity system, according to the new responsibilities given by Royal Decree-
Law 1/2019 and several European regulations (Commission Regulation (EU) 2015/1222 establishing a 
guideline on capacity allocation and congestion management, Regulation (EU) 2016/1719 establishing a 
guideline on forward capacity allocation, Regulation (EU) 2017/1485 establishing a guideline on electricity 
transmission system operation, Regulation (EU) 2017/2195 establishing a guideline on electricity balancing 
and Regulation (EU) 2017/2196 establishing a network code on electricity emergency and restoration). 
In April 2021, a Ministerial Order Proposal for the development of a capacity market in Spain was 
published. Its aim is to develop a mechanism to support the firm capacity of, primarily, the CCGT and 
storage systems, to avoid coverage problems. It is configured as a centralised mechanism based on "pay as 
bid" auctions for two types of products: (i) one-year firm capacity for existing technologies; and (ii) five-
year firm capacity for new technologies. The proposal will require the approval of the EC. 
In June 2021, the Spanish government published a preliminary draft of its CO2 reduction law. This law 
establishes a rate for non-emitting carbon technologies with "chemical oxygen demand" prior to 2003 based 
on the price of CO2. 
As a result of the increase in prices in the Iberian Peninsula in the second half of 2021, the Spanish 
government suspended the 7 per cent. generation taxes for the second half of 2021 and for 2022. As a result, 
the Portuguese government has also suspended clawback payments from 1 July 2021 up until 31 December

--- Page 212 ---
- 204 - 
 
 
2021. This was extended initially to 31 March 2022, then to 30 June 2022 and has been further extended to 
31 December 2022.  
In the first half of 2022, in a context of economic uncertainty and energy crisis, to contain energy price 
increases, Spain and Portugal introduced a cap on the value considered for gas, as an electricity production 
factor. The effective dates for this measure is 15 June 2022 to 31 May 2023. 
Specific remuneration regime for renewables, CHP and waste generation 
Prior to July 2013, the electricity system was required to acquire the electricity offered by special regime 
generators at tariffs that were fixed by a royal decree or order and that varied depending on the type of 
generation. These tariffs were generally higher than the average Spanish electricity market prices. 
Application of the Spanish special regime was discretionary for companies that owned eligible facilities. 
Generally, eligible facilities were those with an installed capacity of 50 MW or less that used cogeneration, 
CHP, waste or any renewable energy source as their primary energy. 
Royal Decree no. 661/2007 provided the previous regulation of the Spanish special regime. This decree 
was framed within the commitment of the Spanish government to encourage investments in renewable 
energy in Spain. 
Under this decree, Spanish special regime power facilities could select between a fixed tariff or to 
participate in the market. If the generator sold electricity in the market, it received the market price plus a 
premium, subject to a cap and floor on final prices. 
However, since January 2012, the special regime has suffered several adjustments as part of the measures 
taken by the Spanish government to ensure the financial sustainability of the electricity system: 
(i) 
In January 2012, Royal Decree-Law no. 1/2012 suspended feed-in tariffs and premiums for new 
projects. 
(ii) 
In December 2012, Act no. 15/2012 introduced a tax on energy generation (7 per cent. of incomes). 
(iii) 
In February 2013, Royal Decree-Law no. 2/2013 encompassed a set of regulatory modifications 
mainly the elimination of the premium, cap and floor schemes. 
(iv) 
In July 2013, Royal Decree-Law no. 9/2013 changed the remuneration scheme of the special 
regime and repealed Royal Decree no. 661/2007. 
(v) 
The new scheme was confirmed by Law no. 24/2013, of December 2013, replacing the "special 
regime" with the "specific remuneration regime". 
As a consequence of the enactment of Royal Decree-Law no. 9/2013, in July 2013, during the first 
regulatory period, which applies from July 2013 to December 2019, the return ratio pre-tax during the 
remaining useful life of the assets under the special regime must be equal to the yield associated with 
Spanish ten-year sovereign bonds plus a spread of 300 basis points. The new return ratio pre-tax has been 
set at 7.4 per cent. during the regulatory life of the power plant (20 years in the case of existing wind 
generation, 25 years in the case of CHP generation and generation from waste, and 30 years in the case of 
PV generation). 
As a result of the enactment of Law no. 24/2013, in December 2013, the special regime for renewables, 
CHP and waste generation was replaced by a specific remuneration regime which applies to the facilities 
that were regulated under the special regime prior to July 2013. As of July 2013, any new facilities that 
would have been eligible facilities under the special regime receive the same treatment as facilities that 
belong to the ordinary regime, the only difference being the regulated supplements that are received from 
the specific remuneration regime. 
The specific remuneration additional to market revenues consists of: (i) a capacity supplement in €/MW to 
cover investments not recovered in the market; and (ii) an operation supplement in €/MWh when operating 
costs cannot be recovered in the market (applicable for CHP generation, generation from waste, and PV 
generation). This specific remuneration is calculated by taking into account standard installations 
throughout the regulatory life of the power plant, and assuming an efficient and well-managed company. 
The granting of this specific remuneration scheme for new facilities will be determined on a competitive

--- Page 213 ---
- 205 - 
 
 
basis through auctions. The result of the auctions will determine the value of the supplement in €/MW 
applicable. 
Royal Decree no. 413/2014, published in June 2014, established the detailed regulation applicable to the 
specific remuneration regime. Remuneration values for the first half of the six-year regulatory period for 
power plants under the special regime prior to July 2013 were set out in Ministerial Order no. 1045/2014. 
Order ETU/130/2017, published in February 2017, set the remuneration parameters of the second 
regulatory semi-period 2017-2019. Order TED 171/2020 published in February 2020 did it for period 2020 
to 2022. 
The amount of the capacity supplement for existing wind farms varies depending on the year the power 
plant went into operation and will be paid for 20 years after the power plant was commissioned. Interim 
revisions are conducted every three years to correct deviations from the expected pool price. Farms with a 
commissioning date earlier than 2004 were not given any capacity supplement. EDP Renováveis installed 
capacity in Spain, according to the start-up date, was 9 per cent. up to 2003, 39 per cent. installed between 
2004 and 2007 and 52 per cent. from 2008 onwards. 
In October 2015, the Spanish government called the first auctions of 200 MW of biomass and 500 MW of 
wind farms with this new system through Royal Decree 947/2015. 
On 12 April 2017, the Spanish government authorised auctions of up to 3 GW of specific remuneration for 
renewable facilities in mainland Spain in accordance with Royal Decree 359/2017. In accordance with this 
Decree, an auction was held on 17 May 2017 which awarded 3 GW (almost all of which related to wind 
capacity). On 25 May 2017, the Spanish government announced that a new auction of 3 GW would take 
place, with substantially similar rules as the previous auction. This auction was held on 25 July 2017 and 
awarded a total of 5 GW of renewable capacity (4 GW of solar and 1 GW of wind capacity). No new 
auctions have since been made. 
In December 2018, the Ministry for Ecological Transition published a draft Law for establishing the new 
return ratios for regulated activities in Spain for the new regulatory period 2020-2025. According to a 
previous report made by CNMC, the Ministry proposed a new ratio pre-tax of 7.09 per cent. for renewable 
and CHP power plants with the possibility of keeping the ratio of 7.4 per cent. if the owner of the power 
plant gives up all lawsuits and arbitration processes against the remuneration scheme approved after Royal 
Decree no. 661/2007.  This law was approved urgently in November 2019 as Royal Decree-Law 17/2019. 
In March 2019, the Ministry for Ecological Transition published a draft law for Climate Change and 
Ecological Transition for public hearing where they stated the Spanish government's intention of 
establishing a new auction system and the remuneration regime for new auctions of renewables in order to 
allow a fixed price of the energy produced by the power plant during its lifetime. In order to accelerate the 
entry into force of this new system, the Spanish government approved in June 2020 Royal Decree-Law 
23/2020 to implement it as soon as possible. Following this Decree, the Ministry for the Ecological 
Transition launched a public consultation about the detailed regulation of this new remuneration mechanism 
that will be awarded by auctions of renewable energy, renewable power or both. The decree will allow the 
Ministry to make different auctions for each technology, geographical location or other criteria. The 
Ministry announced that they are working to launch the first auction under this new system during 2020. 
The rules of this new remuneration mechanism were approved in October and December 2020 through 
Royal Decree 960/2020 and Ministerial Order TED 1161/2020. 
This last ministerial order also includes a preliminary schedule of the auctions for the period 2020 to 2025. 
 
MW (accumulated from 2020 on) 
 
2020 
2021 
2022 
2023 
2024 
2025 
Wind ............................................................. 
1.000 
2.500 
4.000 
5.500 
7.000 
8.500 
PV ................................................................. 
1.000 
2.800 
4.600 
6.400 
8.200 
10.000 
Thermosolar ................................................. 
  
200 
200 
400 
400 
600 
Biomass ........................................................ 
  
140 
140 
260 
260 
380 
Others (biogas, hydro, …) ........................... 
  
20 
20 
40 
40 
60 
 
Royal Decree-Law 23/2020 introduced several administrative milestones that have to be fulfilled by the 
owners of the access permits granted since 2013 otherwise they might lose the permits. Additionally, this 
Royal Decree-Law established a moratorium that prevents promoters from asking for new access permits 
until a new regulation for awarding access permits was approved by the Spanish government and CNMC.

--- Page 214 ---
- 206 - 
 
 
In July 2021, the moratorium was lifted after CNMC established the new methodology and conditions of 
access. 
The authorisation of renewable, CHP and waste plants with a capacity of up to 50 MW falls within the 
authority of regional governments due to their small size. However, as a result of Royal Decree-Law no. 
6/2009, since 2009 all facilities have had to be entered in a register managed by the Ministry of Industry in 
order to benefit from the premiums and tariffs of the Spanish special regime (Royal Decree 661/2007), and 
since 2013 the specific remuneration scheme created by Royal Decree-Law no. 9/2013. 
The first renewable energy auction held under the new regulatory framework of Royal Decree 960/2020 
and Order TED/1161/2020 took place on 26 January 2021. Approximately 3,000 MW were auctioned, of 
which 1,000 MW were reserved for wind technology and another 1,000 MW for PV. The second renewable 
energy auction took place through the same order on 20 October 2021. The Ministry for the Ecological 
Transition and Demographic Challenge initiated a public hearing process in relation to the third auction. 
B. Electricity tariffs, supply and distribution 
Since January 2003, all consumers have become qualified consumers. All of them may choose to acquire 
electricity under any form of free trading through contracts with suppliers, by going directly to the organised 
market or through bilateral contracts with producers. Royal Decree-Law 15/2018 also foresees other ways 
of acquiring electricity directly from producers but further regulatory development is required. 
Last resort supplier 
With the adoption of the Last Resort Supply (Suministro de Último Recurso) on 1 July 2009 (Law no. 
17/2007 that amended Law no. 54/1997 on the electricity sector in order to adapt it to the Electricity 
Directive), the regulated tariff system was replaced by a last resort tariff system. Last resort tariffs (now the 
PVPCs) are set by a methodology approved by the Spanish government on an additive basis and can only 
be applied to low-voltage electricity consumers whose contracted power is less than or equal to 10 kW. 
According to Royal Decree no. 216/2014, the last resort tariff is calculated by taking into account the sum 
of the following components: (i) costs of the electricity generation (which is indexed to the Spanish hourly 
pool price); (ii) access tariffs; and (iii) regulated costs of supply management. 
Last resort consumers can choose between being supplied at last resort tariffs or being supplied in the 
liberalised market. 
The regulated cost of supply management methodology was approved by Royal Decree 469/2016. 
Ministerial Order ETU/1948/2016 established the cost of supply during 2017 and 2018. Due to several 
Supreme Court decisions, and according to the referred Ministerial Order, the regulated cost of supply in 
the last resort market between 2014 and 2016 had to be re-invoiced to customers during 2017 and 2018. 
The cost of supply for 2019 onwards is still not regulated by the Ministry for Ecological Transition so the 
Ministerial Order TEC/1366/2018 established that the values for 2018 will remain until further instructions. 
Remuneration to distribution activities 
Electricity transmission and distribution activities are regulated given that their characteristics impose 
severe limitations on the possibility of introducing competition. 
(i) 
Regulatory framework 2008-2013 
The regulatory framework established in 2008 changed the manner in which electricity businesses 
receive payments in order to promote efficiency and quality of service. The regulations introduced 
since 2008 have focused on investment and operational costs related to transmission activities. 
Fixed remuneration for distribution is based on investment and operational and maintenance costs. 
Until July 2013, remuneration to distribution activities was determined by Royal Decree no. 
222/2008 and later by Royal Decree-Law no. 13/2012, which had already established that capital 
costs would only be paid for net assets and postponed the beginning of the remuneration until the 
second year after new assets have been brought into operation. The settlement system among 
distributors is detailed in Royal Decree 2017/1997.

--- Page 215 ---
- 207 - 
 
 
(ii) 
Regulatory framework 2013-2019 
Between 2013 and 2019, the economic regime for distributors was contained in Royal Decree-Law 
no. 9/2013, Law no. 24/2013, and Royal Decree no. 1048/2013 and Ministerial Order IET 
2660/2015, and the settlement system among distributors is still contained in Royal Decree no. 
2017/1997. 
In July 2013, there was a change in the methodology used to remunerate distribution and 
transmission activities. The main change introduced was setting the return ratio of energy assets 
based on the yield associated with Spanish ten-year sovereign bonds plus a spread, set at 100 basis 
points for the second half of 2013 and 200 basis points from 2014 until at least the end of 2019. 
Royal Decree no. 1048/2013, approved in December 2013, established the general remuneration 
framework which was mainly based on the RAB. This RAB is determined by taking into 
consideration audited physical units affected by efficiency factors. After approval of Royal Decree 
no. 1073/2015, Ministerial Order IET 2660 and Ministerial Order no.IET 980/2016, the new 
remuneration model has come into effect, producing a substantial improvement in EDP's 
remuneration through its subsidiary Hidrocantábrico Distribución. In the meantime, Royal Decree-
Law no. 9/2013 established a transitory phase of the remuneration scheme between 2013 and 2015. 
Ministerial Order no. IET 980/2016 approved remuneration for 2016 under the new regime. No 
new ministerial orders have been published yet with the remuneration of the following years due 
to the subsequent facts. Until the Ministerial Orders are approved, the values of Ministerial Order 
IET 980/2016 were used to determine the settlements of the last years. 
The Supreme Court's decision of 25 October 2017 ordered the Ministry to increase the RAB 
calculated in Ministerial Order no. 980/2016 to compensate all distributors for an incorrect 
valuation of assets transferred from customers.  In June 2019, Order TEC/490/2019 established a 
new methodology for implementing the Supreme Court's decision and, in February 2021, Order 
TED/203/2021 established the parameters of the remuneration for 2016. However, this order only 
captured distribution companies that had received a final judgment estimate, which neither 
Hidrocantábrico Distribución Eléctrica nor Viesgo (or its subsidiary Viesgo Distribución and 
Begasa) has. 
In April 2018, the Spanish government declared that the remuneration established in the Ministerial 
Order IET 980/2016 was prejudicial for customers. The Ministry of Energy considered that the 
parameter remaining useful life of the assets, which formula it is contained in Annex VI of 
Ministerial Order IET 2660/2015 was wrongly estimated, in favour of some distributors (including 
Hidrocantábrico Distribución) and harming the interest of electricity customers ("lesividad"). 
According to the Ministry, the gross value of assets which is in the denominator of the formula of 
remaining life, should have included all the assets instead of deducting the fully depreciated 
elements. This declaration of "lesividad" allowed the Ministry of Energy to appeal this Order 
before the Supreme Court. 
In May 2020 the Supreme Court sentenced that the Ministerial Order IET 980/2016 was unlawful 
so remaining useful life of every distributor with more than 100,000 supply points (among them 
Hidrocantabrico Distribucion and Viesgo Distribución) became inapplicable, as well as the other 
parameters deriving from it – i.e. the RAB and the remuneration. According to the sentence, the 
Ministerial Order should not have deducted all the fully depreciated elements in the gross value of 
assets in the formula of the remaining useful life, but it could have deducted the elements out of 
service. This consideration may smoothen the impact of the recalculation of the RABs. The 
Ministry can now update the remaining life through a new Ministerial Order, and thus the RAB 
and the remuneration since 2016, taking into account what the Supreme Court stated. 
In November 2020, CNMC published a report determining the remaining useful life of the affected 
distributors with two alternatives: deducting elements out of service and not deducting elements 
out of service. This report was important in the case of Hidrocantábrico, since the yearly 
remuneration of this company will be reduced by €4 million, if elements out of service are deducted 
(from the determination of the useful life of affected distributors), or by €13 million, if not.

--- Page 216 ---
- 208 - 
 
 
In June, Order 490/2022, of May 31, was published, executing the judgment of the Supreme Court 
in relation to the declaration of harm to the public interest of Order IET/980/2016, of 10 June, thus 
establishing a new remuneration for the distribution companies of the group in 2016. 
Given the published Order does not comply with the requirements of the Supreme Court Ruling , 
EDP is currently evaluating the possibility of proceeding with the submission of an 
Administration's procedure for judicial review to recalculate the parameters taken into account  to 
set the new remuneration of the distributor companies for 2016 period. 
In addition, in August, the Order TED/749/2022, was published, where the Ministry approved the 
incentive or penalty for the reduction of losses in the electricity distribution network for the year 
2016, modified the base remuneration for the year 2016 for several companies’ distributors (none 
of the EDP Group), and approved the remuneration of electricity distribution companies for the 
years 2017, 2018 and 2019. 
(iii) 
Regulatory framework 2020-2025 
Royal Decree-Law no. 1/2019 defined that starting from the new regulatory period 2020-2025 
CNMC is responsible for approving the methodology and values for remunerating distribution and 
transmission as well as the new return ratio. A CNMC report of October 2018 estimated that the 
new return ratio for the new regulatory period should be 5.58 per cent. according to a WACC 
methodology. In July 2019, CNMC launched a draft circular (a piece of legislation to be approved 
by CNMC board) establishing the regulated return ratios for distribution and transmission of both 
electricity and gas system in their respective new regulatory periods. For electricity distribution, 
CNMC maintained the proposed value of 5.58 per cent. The draft circular was under public 
consultation until 9 August and it was approved in November 2019 as Circular 2/2019. By means 
of a law, the Spanish state can as well put an upper limit to the ratio fixed by CNMC if the law is 
approved before starting the new regulatory period. 
In July 2019, CNMC launched several draft regulations where it established the methodology of 
remunerating distribution and transmission of electricity in period 2020-2025. The new 
methodology for electricity distribution was finally approved by means of Circular 6/2019. The 
new methodology will maintain the recognised RAB and OPEX in 2020 (and may take into account 
the effect on RAB of the Sentence of the Supreme Court regarding the "lesividad" process), but it 
will introduce several adjustments in the way of calculating OPEX of the following years (for 
instance by means of an efficiency factor or eliminating the "delay" factor that recognised financial 
costs in the OPEX). According to the CNMC report accompanying the draft regulation, the average 
impact in sector's remuneration during the regulatory period would be up to -7 per cent. However, 
EDP's subsidiary may be less impacted than its peers due to an improvement of quantities destined 
to incentives of quality and losses. The values of remuneration of 2021 for each company may be 
approved after a public hearing once the "lesividad" process is finished. 
Recent regulatory developments in electricity distribution (2021 and 2022) 
Circular 3/2020 (modified by subsequent Circular 3/2021), the Resolution of December 16, 2021, of the 
National Commission of Markets and Competition, established the values of the tolls for access to the 
electricity transmission and distribution networks applicable as of 1 January 2022.  
Informative Circular 8/2021, of December 1, requested information from electricity distribution companies 
for the supervision and calculation of the remuneration of the activity specified the content of the previous 
Circular 6 /2019, of December 5, of the National Commission of Markets and Competition, which 
established the methodology for calculating the remuneration of the electricity distribution activity, in order 
to regulate the procedure to be followed by the regulator to collect from the electricity distribution 
companies the information necessary to calculate the remuneration for year n, associated with the facilities 
that were in service in year n-2. 
In June 2022, Order TED/490/2022, of May 31, was published, executing the judgment of the Supreme 
Court in relation to the declaration of detriment to the public interest of Order IET/980/2016, of June 10, 
which established the remuneration of electricity distribution companies for the year 2016, which aims to

--- Page 217 ---
- 209 - 
 
 
comply with Supreme Court Judgment 481/2020 establishing the parameters and values of the remuneration 
corresponding to the year 2016 was approved. 
In August 2022, Order TED/749/2022, of July 27, which approved the incentive or penalty for the reduction 
of losses in the electricity distribution network for the year 2016, modifying the base remuneration for the 
year 2016 for several companies distributors, and the remuneration of electricity distribution companies for 
the years 2017, 2018 and 2019 was approved. 
Access tariffs, charges and regulated prices 
In accordance with the provisions of Law no. 24/2013, regulated energy costs are paid from access tariffs 
and prices applicable to consumers and from specific items from the National Budget (Law no. 15/2012). 
Regulated incomes must be sufficient to cover all regulated costs, including transmission and distribution 
costs, specific remuneration schemes costs, and other costs. The electricity system costs have to be funded 
through access tariffs, charges and other regulated prices. Access tariffs and regulated prices are uniform 
throughout Spain, although regional extra costs, if approved, may be added to the tariffs. 
Until 2019 all the regulated prices were established by Ministerial Order of the Minister of Energy. 
However, from April 2021 onwards, the portion of access tariffs that is designated to cover transmission 
and distribution costs should be fixed by the national regulatory authority CNMC in order to fulfil Directive 
2009/72/EC transposed through Royal Decree Law 1/2019. To achieve this task, CNMC elaborated a 
methodology to determine the access tariffs approved in January 2020 by means of Circular 3/2020. For its 
part, the Ministry of Energy published in the Royal Decree 148/2021 the charges methodology after 
launching a public consultation in June 2020 about this issue. 
Currently, access tariffs are published in the Resolution of December 16, 2021, of the CNMC, which 
establishes the values of the access tariffs for the electricity transmission and distribution networks 
application as from January 1, 2022 while the charges applicable as from January 1, 2022 were published 
in Order TED/1484/2021, of December 28. 
Regarding generators, between 2011 and 2020, all facilities were obliged to pay access tariffs for the energy 
they inject in the distribution and transmission grid (Royal Decree-Law no. 14/2010). However, the new 
Circular 3/2020 of CNMC waived this obligation for generators and batteries as of 24 January 2020. 
On 1 July 2009, the regulated system of electricity tariffs was extinguished. Since then, distributors have 
ceased to supply electricity, and function only as network operators. Accordingly, from that date, all 
consumers have been in the liberalised market. However, Royal Decree no. 216/2014, provides that the low 
voltage final consumers who use 10 kW or less are eligible for the tariff of last resort, which applies a 
regulated price to that supply. This tariff will be applied by the designated suppliers of last resort (called 
comercializadores de referencia), among which was EDP's former subsidiary, BASER Comercializadora 
de Referencia, S.A. As of 1 December 2020, EDP does not carry out any last resort supply activity. 
Supply authorisations 
Following the approval of Law 25/2009, prior to commencing the supply of electricity, suppliers are obliged 
to provide a statement to the Ministry of Energy or to the respective regional authority where they wish to 
engage in the supply, which includes a confirmation of: (i) the dates for beginning and ending their supply 
activity; (ii) proof of their capacity for the development of the supply; and (iii) the guarantees required. 
CNMC is entitled to publish on its website an up-to-date list of electricity suppliers that have communicated 
the commencement of their supply. 
Last resort suppliers may acquire electricity in the spot or forward markets to meet last resort demand. In 
Spain, following the enactment of Royal Decree-Law no. 17/2013, last resort suppliers are no longer 
permitted to hold energy auctions to purchase electricity. 
Due to the disappearance of the Supplier Switching Office (Oficina de Cambio de Suministrador, 
OCSUM), the CNMC supervises the process for consumers changing their electricity supplier under 
principles of transparency, objectivity and independence. CNMC also maintains a price comparison tool 
for household suppliers.

--- Page 218 ---
- 210 - 
 
 
Energy efficiency obligations 
Law no. 18/2014 implemented Directive 2012/27/EU of Energy Efficiency, establishing mandatory 
contributions from suppliers of gas, electricity and petroleum products to a National Energy Efficiency 
Fund in order to support efficiency measures to comply with that Directive. Every year a Ministerial Order 
is published with the mandatory contributions to this fund, which includes subsidiaries of EDP. The 
ministerial order of 2021 is Order TED/275/2021. 
Tariff Deficit in electricity sector 
Regulatory developments in the electricity sector in Spain during 2012 and 2013 were aimed at eliminating 
the tariff deficit in order to ensure the sustainability of the system. These measures have contributed to the 
following positive developments: (i) the definitive settlements of 2014 to 2017 produced a surplus of more 
than €1,600 million; (ii) in 2015, the Spanish government approved two reductions of the regulated prices 
of capacity paid by consumers through Royal Decree-Law no. 9/2015 and Ministerial Order no. 2735/2015 
in August 2015 and December 2015, respectively; and (iii) in October 2018, the government approved the 
elimination of a green tax on natural gas power plants of €0.65/GJ since an increase of revenues coming 
from CO2 allowances auctions had been produced. 
However, according to a CNMC report of February 2021, the past debts of tariff deficit amounted to 
€14,294 million as of 31 December 2020 (more than €2,300 million less than in 2019), none of which is 
currently being financed by electric companies. Deficits prior to 2014 were securitised as described below. 
Law no. 24/2013 provides that access tariffs, regulated prices and other regulated income must be sufficient 
to recover the full costs of the regulated activities without any deficit. Although some deficit was permitted 
until 2013 (as provided by Royal Decree-Law no. 6/2009 and Royal Decree-Law no. 14/2010), Law no. 
24/2013 limits tariff deficits incurred as of 2014 to a 2 per cent. yearly cap. 
The deficit produced up to 2012 was fully transferred from the electricity companies to a Securitisation 
Fund called Depreciation Fund of Electric Tariff Deficit ("FADE"), which is guaranteed by the Spanish 
State Budget. Financing costs of FADE are included in the regulated costs to be recovered through access 
tariffs. 
In 2012 and 2013 the Spanish government took important steps in order to address the key aspects of the 
problem of the tariff deficit: 
(i) 
Royal Decree-Law no. 1/2012 suspended temporarily all new renewable premiums. 
(ii) 
Royal Decree-Laws no. 13/2012 and 20/2012 reduced system costs in 2012 up to €1,000 million 
(in transmission and distribution activities, in capacity payments to generators, in coal subsidies, 
in system operation and payments to interruptible customers) while increasing system revenues in 
€700 million from some budget surpluses. Some of these measures were only in force during 2012. 
(iii) 
Access tariffs were updated as from April 2012 to all customers resulting in a revenue increase for 
the system of €1,600 million. 
(iv) 
Due to the inadequacy of previous measures for containing the tariff deficit, the Spanish 
government approved Law no. 15/2012 in December 2012, which imposed new taxes on generators 
and natural gas customers in order to cover the costs of the electricity system. Additionally, the 
Spanish government has allocated and will continue to allocate up to €450 million per year of the 
revenues from the sale of emission allowances to the tariff (temporarily in 2018 this amount was 
up to €750 million). The implementation of the above measures increased system revenues by 
€3,300 million annually although some of those measures have been modified in 2018 by means 
of Royal Decree-Law 15/2018. 
(v) 
Royal Decree-Law no. 2/2013 described above. 
(vi) 
Royal Decree-Law no. 9/2013 with an estimated yearly impact of €4,500 million, borne by 
customers (€900 million), National Budget (€900 million) and companies (€2,700 million). 
The deficit produced in 2013 (€3,200 million) was transiently financed by electricity companies until 
December 2014 when it was securitised through the mechanism approved by Royal Decree no. 1054/2014.

--- Page 219 ---
- 211 - 
 
 
Several Supreme Court decisions ordered the Spanish government to give back the Social Voucher funded 
by companies between 2014 and 2016 (€500 million). State budget laws of 2017 and 2018 authorised the 
cost of court decisions to be charged to the tariff surpluses obtained since 2014. However, this refund is 
under review as in April 2019 the Plenary of the Constitutional Court decided to estimate the appeal brought 
by the General State Administration against decisions of the Supreme Court because of procedural issues. 
The Supreme Court therefore had to restart the procedures against the Social Voucher for 2014-2016. 
Last Resort Tariff to vulnerable customers 
Royal Decree-Law no. 6/2009 has created the "Social Voucher" for some consumers benefiting from the 
tariff of last resort (the "TUR"). The TUR complies with the social, consumer and economic conditions as 
determined by the Ministry of Energy. Currently, as provided by Royal Decree no. 216/2014, this tariff for 
vulnerable customers consists of a discount on the regulated tariff PVPC. 
Until 2016, discounts applied to vulnerable customers were funded by all vertically integrated companies 
according to the rules established in Law no. 24/2013 and Royal Decree no. 968/2014. However, in August 
2016 several Supreme Court rulings abolished this funding mechanism. Royal Decree-law no. 7/2016, of 
December 2016, approved a new framework of protection for vulnerable customers and a new funding 
mechanism consisting of all supply companies financing the cost of the discounts proportionally to the 
number of their customers. From then on, EDP had contributed approximately 3.7 per cent. of the national 
cost of the Social Voucher. However, as of 1 December 2020, EDP's contributions will be reduced due to 
selling the small customers' retail business. 
From 1 July 2009, individual consumers with a contracted capacity of less than 3 kW in their residence, 
consumers over 60 years old with minimum pensions, large families and families of which all the members 
are unemployed were entitled to the Social Voucher. 
From October 2017, Royal Decree no. 897/2017 established the requirements to become vulnerable and 
thus eligible for the Social Voucher: customers in their residence being; (i) large families; (ii) families with 
all members with minimum pensions; or (iii) families with incomes less than certain thresholds established 
in Ministerial Order no. 943/2017. The discounts include a 25 per cent. discount for vulnerable customers, 
a 40 per cent. discount for severe vulnerable customers and a 100 per cent. discount for customers at risk 
of social exclusion. In the latter case, local social services should contribute at least 50 per cent. of the cost. 
The Social Voucher is awarded for a two-year period, after which it must be renewed by the customer in 
order to check again if the eligibility criteria are still fulfilled. 
Customers benefitting from the "old" social voucher that do not apply for renewal or do not fit into the new 
criteria lost the discount from October 2018 onwards. 
Additionally, since the implementation of Royal Decree-Law 15/2018, the funding mechanism of the Social 
Voucher will also cover the non-payments of certain types of customers benefiting from the Social Voucher 
in order to protect them from disconnection. 
3. 
Authorisations and Administrative Procedures to Generators 
All power plants require certain permits and licences from public authorities at local, regional and national 
levels before starting construction and operation. 
Administrative registration, permits and licences are generally required for the construction, enlargement, 
modification and operation of power plants and ancillary installations. In addition, power plants using RES 
or CHP must be registered on the specific remuneration register managed by the Ministry for the Ecological 
Transition and the Demographic Challenge before the power plant is entitled to benefit from the specific 
remuneration regime. New power plants in mainland Spain will only be included in the specific 
remuneration register through a competitive process of capacity auctions. 
Facilities must also obtain an authorisation in order to connect to the relevant transmission and distribution 
networks. If interconnection authorisation is not granted, administrative authorisation cannot be granted. 
However, interconnection authorisation can only be denied due to lack of current or future network 
capacity.

--- Page 220 ---
- 212 - 
 
 
Royal Decree no. 1699/2011, regulating the connection of small power plants to distribution networks, aims 
to streamline administrative procedures to speed up the connection of small power plants (renewable energy 
power plants below 100 kW and CHP installations below 1 MW) to the electricity grid. 
Royal Decree no. 244/2018 and Royal Decree-Law 15/2018 specify the administrative procedures that 
apply to self-consumption facilities. 
Following the approval of Royal Decree-Law 23/2020 in June 2020, it is possible to use an existing access 
permit to hybridise the existing power plant with another technology or with storage without the need of 
asking for a new permission. This Royal Decree also establishes a moratorium for new access permits for 
new generation capacity until the Spanish government approves new rules for granting access capacity. 
However, new self-consumption facilities connected to the electricity distribution grid are exempted from 
this moratorium. Royal Decree 1183/2020 in December 2020, establishes the criteria and procedures for 
applying for and obtaining permission to access and connect to the network. 
In January 2021, Circular 1/2021 was published by CNMC which established the methodology and 
conditions of access and connection to the transmission and distribution networks of the electrical energy 
production facilities. The moratorium was therefore lifted on 1 July 2021 in accordance with the regulatory 
deadlines.

--- Page 221 ---
- 213 - 
 
 
Natural Gas Sector:  Regulatory Framework 
1. 
Overview 
The general basis, principles and model of organisation of the gas sector in Spain were established through 
the Hydrocarbons Act no. 34/1998, of 7 October 1998 (the "Hydrocarbons Act"), Royal Decree no. 
949/2001, of 3 August, and Royal Decree no. 1434/2002, of 27 December. 
The approval of Act no. 12/2007, of 2 July, which modifies the Hydrocarbons Act, in order to adapt it to 
EU Directive 2003/55/EC of the European Parliament and of the Council, of 26 June, has continued the 
process of deregulation that was started in the sector in 1998, and Royal Decree-Law no. 13/2012 has 
completed this process by introducing Directive 2009/73/EC in the Spanish regulation. The regulated 
supply system ended on 1 July 2008 and was substituted by a last resort supply system. According to Law 
no. 12/2007, the scope of consumers that can be supplied under the last resort tariff systems has been 
reduced to only domestic and low consumption users. However, these clients will have the option to choose 
between being supplied under the last resort system (by last resort suppliers appointed by the Spanish 
government) or in the liberalised market (at the prices freely agreed with suppliers). 
The gas system costs have to be funded through access tariffs, charges and other regulated prices. Up to 
2019, all the regulated prices were established by Ministerial Order of the Minister of Energy. However, 
from October 2020 onwards the portion of access tariffs that is designated to cover regasification, 
transmission and distribution costs will have to be fixed by the national regulatory authority, CNMC, in 
order to fulfil Directive 2009/73/EC transposed through Royal Decree Law 1/2019. CNMC elaborated a 
methodology to determine the access tariffs that was approved by means of Circular 6/2020. CNMC is also 
responsible for determining the remuneration of regasification, transmission and distribution costs.  To 
achieve this task, CNMC has elaborated a methodology to determine the remuneration for gas transmission 
and gas distribution activities approved respectively by means of Circular 9/2019 and Circular 4/2020. 
The methodology for establishing the charges to cover for other costs of the system was approved in 
December 2020 by Royal Decree 1184/2020. In February 2021, the CNMC published the resolution setting 
out the remuneration for 2021 gas-year (covering the period 1 January to 30 September) for companies 
performing regulated activities of LNG, transportation and distribution plants.  On 27 May 2021, the CNMC 
published the access tariffs for transport networks, local networks and regasification for the 2022 gas-year. 
Following the same criteria established for the electricity sector, the Spanish government has amended the 
Hydrocarbons Act, through Royal Decree-Law no. 8/2014, of 4 July, included in Act no. 18/2014, in order 
to regulate the financial stability of the gas system. The amendments to Law no. 34/1998 are focused on 
the economic and financial balance of the system, thus aiming to avoid new tariff deficits. 
In 2015, the approval of Law no. 8/2015, of 21 May, modified the Hydrocarbons Act, with the main goal 
of creating an organised market of natural gas in the Spanish system that, once it becomes liquid, should 
give a price reference to the market and increase competition in the sector. The organised market MIBGAS 
has since then assumed the role of market operator. 
In October 2015, Royal Decree no. 984/2015 was approved which: (i) defined the general principles of the 
operation of the organised market of natural gas in the Spanish system (the operative details of which were 
established in December 2015 pursuant to resolutions); (ii) modifies the system of contracting access 
capacity to the gas sector installations by third parties; and (iii) develops the model of liberalisation for 
periodic check-ups of users' installations, the responsibilities of each party and recognises the 
administrative cost of the distribution system operator. Royal Decree-Law 1/2019 established that CNMC 
is also responsible for determining the rules of third parties access to gas system facilities. In June 2019, 
CNMC launched a draft circular (a piece of legislation approved by CNMC) regarding access to gas system 
facilities which will substitute part of the above mentioned Royal Decree 984/2015. This piece of legislation 
was approved by means of Circular 8/2019 in December 2019. 
With respect to the supplier of last resort, Royal Decree no. 485/2009 and Royal Decree no. 216/2014 
allowed for the possibility of merging firms that have to supply both electricity and gas, under the supplier 
of last resort requirements, into a single company.

--- Page 222 ---
- 214 - 
 
 
Spanish law distinguishes between: (i) regulated activities, which include transportation (regasification of 
LNG, underground storage and transportation of natural gas) and distribution; and (ii) non-regulated 
activities, which include supply. 
Any company engaging in a regulated activity must engage in only one regulated activity. However, a 
group of companies may conduct unrelated activities whenever they are independent at least in terms of 
their legal form, organisation and decision making with respect to other activities not relating to 
transmission, distribution and storage (Law no. 34/1998 and Law no. 12/2007). Royal Decree-Law no. 
13/2012 incorporated new rules from Directive 2009/73/EC to achieve an effective separation between 
regulated activities and non-regulated activities carried out by Spanish companies. This Royal Decree-Law 
also establishes the ownership unbundling model for the gas TSO in relation to the main network for the 
primary transmission of natural gas transmission pipeline/grid, "red troncal". However, any vertically 
integrated company established prior to 3 September 2009 may opt between an ownership unbundling 
model or the independent system operator or regional transmission organisation ("ISOs") model. 
There have been several mergers and acquisitions in the Spanish gas market, resulting in changes to the 
market structure. During 2017 EDP completed the sale of all its gas network business in Spain. As a 
consequence, EDP remains in the gas sector only in liberalised activities (trading and supply). As of 1 
December 2020, EDP is no longer involved in last resort supply. 
The Spanish gas market has developed significantly in recent years, with 7.97 million customers in 2021. 
2. 
Natural Gas Value Chain 
A. Natural Gas Transportation 
The construction, expansion, operation and closure of gas pipelines, storage facilities and regasification 
plants require prior administrative authorisation. In addition, for the construction and operation of gas 
transmission, regasification and storage facilities, other licences and permits are necessary, including an 
environmental impact assessment; licences related to infrastructure construction and land rights; and 
licences related to construction (for example, an activity licence, opening licence and works licence). 
Preliminary authorisation is granted by either the Ministry of Energy, if the proposed facilities are basic 
transportation facilities, or, if they affect more than one autonomous community, by the regional authorities 
where such facilities will be located. 
Once the preliminary authorisation has been granted, either the Ministry of Energy or the applicable 
autonomous regional authority will authorise the engineering construction project. Such authorisation 
enables the applicant to begin construction of the facility. Definitive authorisations are then granted upon 
completion of the facility. 
B. Natural Gas Distribution 
An administrative authorisation is required for the conduct of distribution activities. Any legal entity with 
Spanish nationality or any member of the EU may apply for an administrative authorisation. Applicants 
must give evidence of their legal, financial and technical capacity for distribution. 
Distribution companies are under a legal duty to provide access to their networks to suppliers and 
consumers. The main principles governing third-party access to the distribution networks are the same as 
those applicable to access to the transportation network. 
Remuneration system of distribution companies is currently established in Law 18/2014. Royal Decree-
Law no. 1/2019, defined that, starting from the new regulatory period 2020 to 2025, CNMC is now 
responsible for approving the methodology and values for remunerating distribution, transmission and 
regasification as well as the new return ratio. In July 2019, CNMC launched several draft circulars 
establishing the regulated return ratios for distribution and transmission of both electricity and gas systems 
in their respective new regulatory periods, and the methodology for remunerating gas regulated activities 
in the new regulatory period 2021-2026. Circular 2/2019, approved by CNMC in November 2019, imposed 
a return ratio of 5.44 per cent. in gas distribution and transmission for the period 2021-2026.  In order to 
fulfil this task, CNMC has elaborated a methodology to determine the remuneration for gas distribution 
activities approved by means of Circular 4/2020, approved on 31 March 2020.

--- Page 223 ---
- 215 - 
 
 
C. Natural Gas Supply 
EDP participates in the ordinary supply market through EDP Clientes S.A.U. in selling natural gas to end 
consumers all over Spain. 
Suppliers acquire natural gas from producers or other suppliers and sell it to other suppliers or to consumers 
in the liberalised market on terms and conditions freely agreed among the parties. In order to enable 
suppliers to conduct their business, transporters and distributors are under an obligation to grant access to 
their network in exchange for regulated tolls and fees. Royal Decree-Law no. 6/2009 has appointed the 
companies that can supply consumers under the last resort supply system. 
Due to the disappearance of OCSUM, the CNMC supervises the process for consumers changing their gas 
supplier under principles of transparency, objectivity and independence. 
Following the approval of Law no. 25/2009, prior to commencing supply activity gas suppliers are obliged 
to provide a statement to the Ministry of Energy or to the respective regional authority where they wish to 
engage in supply activity (who will transfer the information to the CNMC) which includes confirmation of: 
(a) the dates for the commencement (and end of) their activity, (b) proof of their technical capacity for the 
development of the activity, and (c) the guarantees required. A prior administrative authorisation is only 
required for the conduct of supply activities if a company or its parent company is from a country outside 
of the EU that does not recognise equivalent rights. The CNMC is entitled to publish on its web site an up-
to-date list of gas suppliers that have communicated the exercising of their activities. 
The implementation of supply of last resort in the natural gas sector was established by Royal Decree no. 
104/2010, of 5 February, and Royal Decree-Law no. 13/2012 which has partially transposed Directive 
2009/73/EC into Spanish regulation. 
Tariff Deficit in natural gas sector 
In the Spanish natural gas sector, the main regulatory developments for the period from 2012 to 2014 aimed 
to reduce the tariff deficit. In this context, the Spanish government approved Royal Decree Law no. 8/2014 
in July 2014, which main measures are summarised as follows: 
(i) 
Reduction of €238 million per year in regulated activities remuneration (distribution and 
transportation); 
(ii) 
New remuneration models for regulated activities, during a new six-year regulatory period, which 
applies from July 2014 to December 2020. For distribution, the new model is still demand based, 
but the price updating component (IPH) disappears. In the case of transportation, there is a new 
variable component of remuneration linked to the system demand evolution; 
(iii) 
Financing of the 2014 tariff deficit by regulated companies in 15 years. New deficits occurring 
from 2015 onwards financed by regulated companies in five years; and 
(iv) 
New yearly cap to tariff deficits, which leads to automatic tariffs and tolls increase. 
However, these measures have not been enough to contain the tariff deficit and almost every year since 
then a small new tariff deficit has been produced, which is financed by companies with regulated revenues 
from the tariff system, mainly distribution, regasification and transmission operators. 
The accumulated deficit as of 31 December 2020 amounted to €372.2 million according to Order 
TEC/1286/2020. This amount does not include the approximately €1,400 million debt for the unsuccessful 
underground storage project, named "Castor", as Spain's Constitutional Court has annulled the 
compensation due to Castor's owner (Judgement 152/2017, of 21 December 2017). 
Recent regulatory developments (2021 and 2022)   
Royal Decree-Law no. 23/2021, of October 26, on urgent measures in the field of energy for the protection 
of consumers and the introduction of transparency in the wholesale and retail markets for electricity and 
natural gas, among other measures, modified the Spanish Hydrocarbons Act to introduce measures related 
to the promotion of transparency and supervision in the wholesale and retail natural gas markets.

--- Page 224 ---
- 216 - 
 
 
Royal Decree-Law no. 29/2021, of December 21, which adopts urgent measures in the energy field to 
promote electric mobility, self-consumption and the deployment of renewable energies, introduced 
measures to make supply contracts more flexible for consumers.  
Other Royal Decree-Laws published between the months of March and August 2022 such as 6/2022, 
10/2022, 11/2022 and 14/2022 introduced or extended measures in the natural gas sector and adopted a new 
deal to address the crisis situation resulting from the war in Ukraine.

--- Page 225 ---
- 217 - 
 
 
BRAZIL 
1. 
Overview 
The Ministry of Mines and Energy ("MME") is the Brazilian government's office responsible for 
conducting the country's energy policies. Its main duties include formulating and implementing policies for 
the energy sector, according to the guidelines defined by the National Energy Policy Council ("CNPE"). 
The MME is responsible for establishing the national energy sector planning, monitoring the security of 
supply of the Brazilian electricity sector and defining preventive actions to guarantee supply restoration in 
case of structural imbalances between power supply and demand. 
According to Law no. 10848/2004 (the "New Electricity Act"), the Brazilian government, acting primarily 
through MME, undertook certain duties that were previously the direct responsibility of ANEEL, including 
granting concessions and issuing directives governing the bidding process for concessions relating to public 
services. 
ANEEL has the authority to regulate and enforce the production, transmission, distribution and sale of 
electricity, ensuring the service quality provided by the universal service and tariff establishment to the 
network users, while preserving the economic and financial viability of agents and industry. The New 
Electricity Act introduced significant changes to the regulation aimed at providing new incentives to 
maintain the country's generation capacity adequate to supply the electricity market. Furthermore, through 
competitive electricity public auctions, energy supply and demand are expected to produce lower tariffs. 
The main feature of the New Electricity Act is the creation of two markets for electricity trading (regulated 
contracting market for the sale and purchase of electricity towards the distribution companies, which is 
operated through electricity purchase auctions; and the unregulated market or free contracting market for 
the sale and purchase of electricity for generators, free consumers and electricity trading companies). 
Several significant changes in regulation regarding the electricity sector occurred during 2012, such as the 
Provisional Measure 579/2012, later converted to Law no. 12783/2013, in which the Brazilian government 
presented measures to reduce electric energy bills. The expected average reduction for Brazil amounted to 
20.2 per cent. of total electric energy bills due to government actions aimed at concession renewals (13 per 
cent.) and sector charges (7 per cent.). 
Regarding concession renewals, generation utilities with contracts that expired between 2015 and 2017 
were able to renew their concessions and shall guarantee that they make available physical energy to the 
quotas system for the distributors in proportion to the market size of each distributor. 
On 23 January 2013, Provisional Measure 605/2013 was published, which had the objective of increasing 
the scope of application of the resources of the Energy Development Fund – Conta de Desenvolvimento 
Energético ("CDE"). As a result, the CDE began using resources to help offset the discounts applied to the 
tariffs and the involuntary exposure of distributors resulting from the decision of some generation 
companies not to extend their generation concessions. This measure amended Law no. 10,438/2002, which 
established the application of the CDE resources. 
On 6 March 2013, CNPE issued the Resolution CNPE 3/2013, which set a new methodology for sharing 
additional costs incurred using thermoelectric power plants out of the order of merit, which would normally 
give preference to hydro power plants. According to this new resolution, thermal power plants could operate 
out of the typical order of merit ahead of the hydroelectric plants to maintain the safety of the system in 
light of the water shortages in Brazil. 
Hydro power plants in Brazil function according to the Energy Reallocation Mechanism ("MRE"), a 
hydrological risk sharing mechanism. The Generating Scaling Factor is a measurement of the amount of 
energy generated compared against the amount of energy guaranteed under the MRE. If a hydro plant 
generates less energy than the amount guaranteed, it will have a deficit. This can occur due to unfavourable 
hydrological conditions, such as extended or severe drought. When a deficit occurs, hydro generators must 
buy energy in the spot market, generally at higher prices, to meet their contractual commitments. 
Since distribution network operators ("DNOs") had cash flow difficulties due to Involuntary Exposure and 
high energy costs as a result of insufficient raining season in 2014, the Federal Government issued Decree 
no. 8,221/2014. This decree created an account in the Regulated Contracting Environment (the "ACR 
Account") to cover the additional costs of electricity distributors due to involuntary exposure in the context

--- Page 226 ---
- 218 - 
 
 
of high price levels in the spot market and high usage of thermoelectric plants. The Commercialisation 
Chamber ("CCEE") manages the account, and is responsible for contracting loans, as well as for ensuring 
the transfer of costs incurred in the operations of the CDE. 
The Tariff Flag System started operating through Decree 8,401/2015. This system signals to regulated 
consumers the real costs of electricity generation, and consists of three flags: green, yellow and red. The 
green flag indicates that the cost of energy production is low and therefore no extra charges are applied to 
the energy tariff. The yellow and red flags represent differing levels of increase in energy production cost, 
and that an additional charge has been added to the tariff. Consumers classified as low income will receive 
a discount on the additional amount applied by the yellow and red flags. 
ANEEL approves transfers to the distribution companies on a monthly basis. Any costs not covered by the 
Tariff Flag revenue will be considered in the next tariff process. 
In the Provisional Measure no. 688, issued in August 2015 and converted into Law no. 13,203 on 8 
December 2015, ANEEL introduced optional insurance for hydro generators to cover the risk of a deficit. 
The cost of the insurance varies depending on the hedge level. The hedge option, under conditions provided 
by Law no. 13,203/2013, was conditioned on the inability to receive the amount of energy not covered in 
the MRE via legal proceedings. EDP Brasil has an insurance policy for 7 of 15 of its hydro plants, covering 
51 per cent. of its guaranteed energy. 
The Provisional Measure no. 735, issued on 23 June 2016 and converted into Law no. 13,360 on 18 
November 2016, aims to restructure the Brazilian Energy Sector Funds` management whose current values 
are approximately R$20 billion, made up of: (i) the CDE, (ii) Global Reversion Reserve ("RGR") and (iii) 
Fuel Consumption Account. 
It is an important step forward in the governance of the Brazilian Energy Sector. The management of the 
resources migrated from Eletrobras, a state-owned company with assets in the electricity sector, to a board 
composed of representatives of the CCEE, with a recent history of control and audit of their accounts, 
subject to the regulation of the ANEEL. 
Law no. 13,360/2016 also determines that by 2030 the CDE`s apportionment between DNOs will be 
proportional to their markets. The transition period between the current allocation, which overloads the 
South, Southeast and West Central regions, and the proportional allocation to markets will be 2017-2030. 
The participation of high voltage installations will be lower than low voltage. 
The measure creates favourable conditions for the transfer of shareholding control of concessions and 
simplifies the bidding process and the terms of payment to the union. 
It also authorises the transfer of debts with Itaipu from Federal Reserve to end-consumer tariffs and revokes 
the possibility of extension of the concessions whose start-up of the plants was delayed, even if there is 
recognition of exclusive responsibility. 
Finally, it also permits distribution companies to sell their energy surplus to the free market so that they can 
enhance their energy over contract condition. 
According to Decree no. 9,022, of 31 March 2017, MME detailed sources to support the CDE account (as 
well as RGR utilisation) and the situations in which they can be used, implemented and managed, as stated 
in previous legislation (Laws no. 7,891/2013, 10,438/2002, 12,111/2009 and 12,783/2013). 
ANEEL's Dispatch 2,379, of 17 October 2018, authorised EDP Comercialização Varejista Ltda to act as an 
Electricity Energy Trading Agent within CEE's scope. 
Through Normative Resolution 831, of 30 October 2018, ANEEL changed the parameters for the 
calculation of the price cap for new auctions. 
On 14 November 2018, the Brazilian government issued Provisional Measure 855, enabling privatisation 
of Eletrobras Discos after Senate rejection of a bill proposed by the Brazilian government to establish legal 
framework for the transaction. Up to R$3 billion could be paid by consumers in 60 months to cover 
uncovered debts due to economics and energetic efficiency low performance.

--- Page 227 ---
- 219 - 
 
 
On the same day, Provisional Measure 856 was issued, which delegated the responsibility for contracting 
last resort and temporary providers of the public service power distribution to ANEEL. 
Through Normative Resolution 839, of 26 December 2018, ANEEL incorporated a new load levels 
representation for the planning/programming of the electricity operation. 
On 28 December 2018, the Brazilian government issued Decree no 9,642/2018, which gradually removes 
subsidies in incorporated electricity tariffs at a rate of 20 per cent. per year (for 5-year period). The subsidies 
subject to reduction are those relating to the discount for the "rural", "irrigation/aquaculture" and 
"water/sewage/sanitation" classes. The Decree also ends up with the cumulativeness of discounts for the 
beneficiaries of the "rural" and "irrigation/aquaculture" classes. On the other side, Decree no. 9,744/2019 
established cumulative subsidies for consumers in the rural and irrigation/low voltage aquaculture classes 
from the date of its publication. 
ANEEL reviewed and detailed criteria for entry into service of the Transmission Functions, which are the 
functional units that must be handled jointly for their regulatory treatment through Normative Resolution 
841, of 28 December 2018. This Normative Resolution entered into force on 1 July 2019 and revoked REN 
454/2011. The new REN creates the revenue release term, which, in the case of facilities capable of 
operating with third party impediments pending, receives 100 per cent. of the allowed annual revenue. In 
addition, the new REN maintains the receipt of 90 per cent. of the annual revenue permitted ("RAP") 
portion for the partial release terms, and, if the impediments pending enter into force for more than 12 
months, the transmitter will receive 80 per cent. of the RAP portion. 
On 29 December 2018, Ministerial Order no. 514 was published, which decreases the load limits for 
consumers contracting electricity of the liberalised market. From 1 July 2019, consumers with a load of 
2,500 kW or more, regardless of the connection voltage level, were able to acquire power in the liberalised 
market. From 1 January 2020, the possibility extended to 2,000 kW. On 12 December 2019, Ordinance 465 
enabled consumers with a load more than or equal to 1500 kW to enter the free market on 1 January 2021, 
reducing to 1000 kW on 1 January 2022 and to 500 kW on 1 January 2023. 
On 29 January 2019, the Ministerial Council for Disaster Response Supervision published Resolution No. 
1, dated 28 January 2019, which establishes that federal supervisory agencies must require the immediate 
updating of dam safety power plans, in accordance with Law no. 12,334, of 2010. Therefore, ANEEL 
implemented a special campaign to inspect dams in power-plants, which includes documental evaluation 
and on-site inspection in all hydroelectric plants in operation. 
On 12 February 2019, Ministerial Order 124 created a Working Group with the scope of coordinating the 
development of studies to subsidise the process of revision of Itaipu Treaty Annex C. 
Homologatory Resolution No. 2,514, dated 19 February 2019, updated ANEEL's reference bank to be used 
in the authorisation processes, bidding for concession granting and revision of the annual allowed revenues 
of electricity power transmission concessionaires. 
On 1 March 2019, MME published Ministerial Order no. 151/2019, which established the dates of the new 
energy auctions in: (i) 2019: A-4 in June and A-6 in September; (ii) 2020: A-4 in April and A-6 in 
September; and (iii) 2021: A-4 in April and A-6 in September. Ministerial Order No. 152 established the 
schedule for existing A-1 and A-2 energy auctions in December 2019, 2020 and 2021. 
Homologatory Resolution no. 2,521, of 20 March 2019, changed the amount of CDE fees to be paid by the 
distributors, referring to the ACR Account. The ACR Account was created to cover the loan passed on to 
the distributors in 2014. At that time, the fee collection was established including an additional fund 
formation. Based on ANEEL's forecasts for the ACR account that must be collected, the previously formed 
fund will have sufficient funds to repay the loan in September 2019. 
On 3 April 2019, Ministerial Order no. 186 was also published, establishing the Guidelines for the Auction 
of Purchase of Electricity from New Generation, named "A-4", of 2019. On 1 August and 4 September 
2019, Ordinances MME no. 304 and 337, respectively, established auctions from existing generation 
projects A-1 and A-2 and from new generation projects A-6. 
On 4 April 2019, a working group was created by Ministerial Order No. 187 to develop proposals for the 
Electricity Sector Modernisation, dealing, from an integrated point of view, with the following topics: (i) 
market environment and mechanisms to make feasible the expansion of the Electricity System; (ii) pricing

--- Page 228 ---
- 220 - 
 
 
mechanisms; (iii) rationalisation of charges and subsidies; (iv) Energy Reallocation Mechanism - MRE; (v) 
allocation of costs and risks; (vi) insertion of new technologies; and (vii) sustainability of distribution 
services. 
ANEEL approved improvements in the settlement price of differences, through Normative Resolution 843, 
of 2 April 2019, establishing the general guidelines for the process of price formation and disclosure of data 
to the market, reinforcing anticipation and transparency, as well as consolidating various agency 
regulations. 
On 19 July 2019, ANEEL approved Normative Resolution no. 851/19 which established rules for 
thermoelectric plants dispatching to provide complementary grid frequency control. 
On 7 August 2019, MME Public Consultation 76 proposed mandatory representation by retailers in the free 
market for consumers with a load of less than or equal to 1,000 kW. On 21 October 2019, MME withdraw 
this idea. 
On 26 August 2019, MME Public Consultation 77 proposed a reduction of market reserve for renewable 
energy sources. 
Order ANEEL no. 2,506 of 10 September 2019 approved research and development projects for electrical 
mobility. Three EDP projects were approved. 
On 9 September 2020, the Federal Government published Law no. 14,052/2020, which regulates the 
renegotiation of the hydrological risk. This law established compensation for the owners of hydroelectric 
plants that participate in the MRE who have been affected by the non-hydrological effects since 2012. 
Compensation will be granted to the impacted plants in the form of a grant extension. 
The Federal Government regulated the capacity market through Decree no. 10,707/2021, of 28 May 2021, 
establishing the capacity reserve auction for power contracting. The first auction occurred on 21 December 
2021. 
On 12 July 2021, Law no. 14,182/2021 (privatisation of Eletrobras) was enacted, which, among other 
things, extended the renegotiation of the hydrological risk to the portion of energy in the ACR in a period 
prior to the renegotiation of Law no. 13,203/2015. 
On 3 August 2021, ANEEL's board of directors partially approved the renegotiation of the hydrological 
risk of the MRE's plants, through Normative Resolution no. 2,919/2021, initiating the process of evaluation 
and acceptance of the terms by the agents. 
On 20 December 2021, MME published through Ordinance 32/GM/MME/2021 an estimated schedule of 
auctions for 2022, 2023 and 2024, establishing the capacity reserve auctions for power contracting on 
November 2022, November 2023 and November 2024. 
Generation Highlights 
The Generation Scaling Factor ("GSF") is the ratio between the total generation and the total physical 
guarantee of the MRE. If the ratio is more than "1", it means that secondary energy was generated during 
the period. If the ratio is less than "1", this is the adjustment factor to be applied to the physical guarantees 
of the plants in the MRE, to cover their levels of generation. 
The GSF mechanism was judicialized in 2015 by several companies that contested the payment of risks not 
related to hydrology. Federal Law no. 13,203/15 brought a solution to the problem in the regulated market 
in the same year, but it was not suitable for the free market generators. 
In September 2020, Law no. 14.052/20 amended Law no. 13.203/15 and enacted a compensation 
mechanism applicable to specific hydroelectrical energy generation conditions. This new law is expected 
to help resolve the impasses caused by the GSF issue in the short-term energy market, normalising its 
settlements. 
With the approval of Law no. 14,052/2020 and Law no. 14,182/2021, and the subsequent approval of the 
hydrological risk by ANEEL, EDP's hydroelectric power plants were eligible for waiving the court 
injunctions (if existent) and receiving in return the extension of exploration grant.

--- Page 229 ---
- 221 - 
 
 
After the approval by ANEEL of the deadlines for extension of concession exploration, EDP's hydroelectric 
power plants ("HPP") were eligible of receiving the following grant extensions: 
 
Extension (days) 
HPP Cachoeira Caldeirão .........................................................................  
82 
HPP Lajeado .............................................................................................  
980 
HPP Mascarenhas .....................................................................................  
604 
HPP Peixe Angical ...................................................................................  
2,011 
HPP Santo Antonio do Jari .......................................................................  
301 
HPP São Manoel ......................................................................................  
243 
 
ANEEL approved the extension of concession exploration's deadline for HPP Santo Antonio do Jari through 
Authorizing Resolution 11.715, of 19 April 2022; HPP Peixe Angical through Authorizing Resolution 
11.715, of 19 April 2022 and Authorizing Resolution 11.998, of 7 June 2022 and for HPP Cachoeira 
Caldeirão, HPP São Manoel, HPP Mascarenhas and HPP Lajeado through Authorizing Resolution 12.255, 
of 5 July 2022 
2. 
Distribution tariffs 
Power distribution companies in Brazil operate with regulated tariffs, and their operating results are 
therefore subject to regulation. Their concession contracts contain provisions for periodic and annual tariff 
adjustments and the possibility of extraordinary tariff revisions (i.e. revisions that can be taken by the 
regulator if some unexpected exogenous factor occurs that affects the financial or economic equilibrium of 
the concession). 
Periodic tariff revisions 
Every three, four or five years, depending on the concession contract, ANEEL establishes a new set of 
tariffs, reviewing all concessionaire costs and expected revenue. To calculate periodic tariff revisions, 
ANEEL determines the annual revenue required for a power distribution company to cover what a 
concession contract refers to as the sum of "Parcel A" and "Parcel B" costs. Parcel A costs consist of a 
distribution company's costs of power supply and transmission costs as well as tariff charges. Parcel B costs 
consist of the distribution company's operating costs, taxes, depreciation and return on investment, accepted 
by the regulator. 
The required revenue of EDP's electricity distribution companies is calculated on an annual basis and 
regards a revenue flow compatible with the regulatory economic costs calculated according to specific rules 
established by ANEEL, over a past 12-month period called a test year. The regulatory regime in Brazil 
provides for price caps, and if the estimated required revenue for the year under analysis is different from 
the actual revenue of the concessionaire for that year, the risk is allocated to the concessionaire. Recent 
modifications in the tariff methodology have reduced this risk, called market risk, and for almost all of 
Parcel A costs the market risk has been allocated to the customers: if the revenue is higher than expected, 
the tariff for the next year is reduced, and vice versa. 
Periodic tariff revisions are conducted every three years for EDP Espírito Santo and every four years for 
EDP São Paulo. 
On 28 April 2015, through Resolution no. 660, ANEEL approved changes in the methodology applicable 
to the processes of Periodic Tariff Review for distributors as of 6 May 2015. The changes related to the 
following: (i) general procedures; (ii) operating costs; (iii) X-Factor (productivity gains); (iv) non-technical 
losses; (v) unrecoverable revenues; and (vi) other income. The most significant changes are as follows: 
(i) 
the tariff cycle concept was extinguished. The methodologies and parameters prevailing at the time 
of the tariff review will be used. The parameters and the methodologies will be updated every two 
to four years and every four to eight years respectively in each case counted from 2015; 
(ii) 
the WACC increased from 7.5 per cent. to 8.09 per cent. (after tax). The points taken into account 
in the update were: (i) standardisation of the series; (ii) use of average credit risk of companies in 
the debt capital; and (iii) recalculation of the cost of capital every three years, with a methodology 
review every six years;

--- Page 230 ---
- 222 - 
 
 
(iii) 
remuneration for the risk associated with investment operations funded by third-party funds 
(subsidies); 
(iv) 
the definition of efficient operating costs was changed to comprise the "consumer energy index" 
and "non-Technical losses"; 
(v) 
in determining the level of non-technical losses, the variable "low-income" was included and the 
database updated based on three statistical models; 
(vi) 
the level of unrecoverable revenues (percentage) shall be calculated based on past 60 months of 
non-compliance by the concessionaire; 
(vii) 
the percentage share of other revenue has been changed to 30 per cent. in the services of: (i) 
efficiency of energy consumption; (ii) qualified cogeneration facility; and (iii) data communication 
services. The percentage share of other services was set at 60 per cent.; and 
(viii) 
the calculation of X-Factor now includes consideration of commercial quality. 
On 6 March 2018, ANEEL has decided to maintain the WACC at 8.09 per cent. (after tax) until December 
2019. From 2020 onward a new methodology was applied and a preliminary proposal of the regulator in 
the public consultation of October 2019 reduced WACC from 8.09 to 7.17 per cent. EDP Espírito Santo 
and EDP São Paulo will maintain the 8.09 per cent. (after tax) WACC until their new regulatory period 
starts in August 2022 and October 2023, respectively. 
ANEEL's Normative Resolution no. 833, of 19 December 2018, detailed the procedure for calculation and 
settlement of the Surplus Selling Mechanism, object of Normative Resolution 824/2018. 
ANEEL's Normative Resolution no. 835, of 19 December 2018, improved and adjusted the criteria for tariff 
review of the distributors belonging to the same economic group that opted for the concessions grouping. 
ANEEL's Normative Resolution no. 877, of 19 March 2020, simplified the methodology of X-Factor Pd 
(the "Pd" component shares the scale productivity with consumers). 
ANEEL's Normative Resolution no. 907, of December 2020, postponed the governance index disclosure 
for 2022, when corporate and data compliance indicators will be analysed. 
ANEEL's Normative Resolution no. 925, of March 2021, excluded equivalent interruption frequency per 
consumer unit from the X-Factor Q (the "Q" component in X-Factor is to encourage continuous 
improvement of quality-of-service indicators), and amplified penalty or benefit signals. 
ANEEL's Normative Resolution no. 933, of May 2021, instituted the new Electric Sector Accounting 
Manual. 
ANEEL's Normative Resolution no. 939, of July 2021, simplified the analysis of assets price database and 
proposed new reference prices from August 2021. 
Following the Regulatory Agenda 2021, several methodological changes are expected. Public Hearing 
062/2020 discussed improvements for benchmark methodology for operational costs. Public Hearing 
029/2020 proposed the exclusion of the loss saturation point and greater speed of trajectory to the goal of 
non-technical losses model. Public Hearing 049/2021 is open until mid-October 2021 to receive 
contributions on a proposed pilot programme of two-part tariffs considering centralised governance by 
ANEEL. Tariff flags will also be discussed in the fourth quarter of 2021 in order to review the highest level 
of the flags. 
Tariff adjustments 
Because the revenues of electricity distribution companies are affected by inflation, they are afforded an 
annual tariff adjustment to address the impact of inflation for the period between periodic revisions. For the 
purposes of the annual adjustment, a tariff adjustment rate (referred to as the Tariff Adjustment Index) is 
applied, through which Parcel A costs are adjusted to account for variations in costs and Parcel B costs are 
adjusted to account for variations in the General Price Index Market ("IGP-M") inflation index. For Parcel 
B, the tariff adjustment rate also considers a measure of the distributor's operating productivity power

--- Page 231 ---
- 223 - 
 
 
quality, called the X-Factor. The main objective of the X-Factor is to ensure an efficient balance between 
revenues and costs, established at the time of revision, by considering standard values established by the 
regulator. The X-Factor has three components: (i) expected productivity gains; (ii) quality of service; and 
(iii) cost efficiency. 
On 7 August 2018, ANEEL approved the 2018 annual tariff readjustment for EDP Espírito Santo which 
will apply from 7 August 2018 to 6 August 2019. The average effect was 15.87 per cent. Parcel B was 
readjusted by 7.19 per cent., considering an IGP-M of 8.24 per cent. and an X-Factor of 1.05 per cent. 
resulting from 1.15 per cent. of productivity gains, -0.10 per cent. of incentives to quality of service and 
0.00 per cent. of trajectory to adequacy of operational costs. 
On 16 October 2018, ANEEL approved the 2018 annual tariff readjustment for EDP São Paulo which will 
apply from 23 October 2018 to 22 October 2019. The average effect was 16.12 per cent. Parcel B was 
readjusted by 9.48 per cent., considering an IGP-M of 10.04 per cent. and an X-Factor of 0.56 per cent., in 
result of 1.14 per cent. of productivity gains, -0.34 per cent. of incentives to quality of service and -0.24 per 
cent. of trajectory to adequacy of operational costs. 
On 6 August 2019, ANEEL approved the 2019 tariff revision for EDP Espírito Santo which will apply from 
7 August 2019 to 6 August 2020. The average tariff effect perceived by the consumer was -4.84 per cent. 
Parcel B was revised by 13.6 per cent., considering an X-Factor of 0.84 per cent. resulting from 1.12 per 
cent. of productivity gains, -0.28 per cent. of incentives to quality of service and -1.05 per cent. of trajectory 
to adequacy of operational costs.  Technical regulatory losses were fixed at 7.06 per cent., while commercial 
losses were set at 10.74 per cent. over low tension market in 2019, reducing to 9.58 per cent. until 2021. 
On 23 October 2019, ANEEL approved the 2019 tariff revision for EDP Sao Paulo which will apply from 
24 October 2019 to 23 October 2020. The average tariff effect perceived by the consumer was -5.33 per 
cent. Parcel B was revised by 2.7 per cent., considering an X-Factor of 0.88 per cent. resulting from 0.96 
per cent. of productivity gains, and -0.08 per cent. of incentives to quality of service. Technical regulatory 
losses were fixed at 4.06 per cent., while commercial losses were set at 8,43 per cent. over low tension 
market in 2019, reduced to 8.42 per cent. until 2022. 
On 6 August 2020, ANEEL's board unanimously approved the 2020 annual tariff readjustment for EDP 
Espírito Santo which will apply from 7 August 2020 to 6 August 2021. The average effect was 8.02 per 
cent. Parcel B was readjusted by 2.5 per cent., was set at BRL 1.004 billion, considering an IGP-M of 9.27 
per cent. and an X-Factor of – 0.14 per cent. resulting from 1.12 per cent. of productivity gains, -0.21 per 
cent. of incentives to quality of service and -1.05 per cent. of trajectory to adequacy of operational costs. 
The readjustments mainly affected UHE Itaipu costs given its value follows the U.S.dollar exchange rate. 
The reversal of the values of the COVID-Account in the amount of BRL 219.4 million, the anticipation 
reversal of the values of PIS/COFINS in the amount of BRL 159 million and the rectification of the CDE 
of 2020, contributed to a 13.9 per cent. reduction. 
On 20 October 2020, ANEEL's board unanimously approved the 2020 annual tariff readjustment for EDP 
São Paulo which will apply from 23 October 2020 to 22 October 2021. The average effect was 4.82 per 
cent. Parcel B was readjusted by 21 per cent., was set at BRL 1.198 billion, considering an IGP-M of 17.94 
per cent. and an X-Factor of 0.55 per cent. resulting from 0.96 per cent. of productivity gains, -0.41 per 
cent. of incentives to quality of service and 0.00 per cent. of trajectory to adequacy of operational costs. 
The readjustment mainly affected UHE Itaipu costs given its value follows the U.S. dollar exchange rate. 
The reversal of the values of the COVID-Account in the amount of BRL 355.8 million contributed to a 8.5 
per cent. reduction. 
On 3 August 2021, ANEEL's board unanimously approved the 2021 annual tariff readjustment for EDP 
Espírito Santo which will apply from 7 August 2021 to 6 August 2022. The average effect was 9.75 per 
cent. Parcel B was readjusted by 46 per cent., was set at BRL 1.466 billion, considering an IGP-M of 33.75 
per cent. and an X-Factor of -0.13 per cent. resulting from 1.12 per cent. of productivity gains, -0.20 per 
cent. of incentives to quality of service and -1.05 per cent. of trajectory to adequacy of operational costs. 
The main readjustment's cause was the costs of thermoelectric dispatch in consequence of the hydrologic 
crise and the elevation of IGP-M. The readjustment also had a previous consideration of regulatory credits, 
that contributed to preventing 5.7 per cent. of tariff impact. These regulatory credits are related to the 
PIS/COFINS taxes injunction (BRL 156 million) and to the clients' excess consumption of demand and 
reactive power (BRL 72 million).

--- Page 232 ---
- 224 - 
 
 
On 21 October 2021, ANEEL's board unanimously approved the 2021 annual tariff readjustment for EDP 
São Paulo which will apply from 23 October 2021 to 22 October 2022. The average effect was 12.39 per 
cent. Parcel B was readjusted by 33 per cent, set at BRL 1.588 billion, considering an IGP-M of 4.86 per 
cent. and an X-Factor of 1.03 per cent., resulting from 0.96 per cent. of productivity gains, 0.07 per cent. 
of incentives to quality of service and 0.00 per cent. of trajectory to adequacy of operational costs. The 
main readjustment's influence factor was the costs of thermoelectric dispatch in consequence of the water 
shortages faced in 2021 and the elevation of IGP-M. The readjustment also had a previous consideration of 
regulatory credits, that contributed to preventing 4.51 per cent. of tariff impact. These regulatory credits are 
related to the PIS/COFINS taxes injunction (BRL 144 million) and to the clients' excess consumption of 
demand and reactive power (BRL 97 million). 
Transmission revenue 
On 14 May 2019, ANEEL approved the new Reference Prices to be practised in transmission substations 
and lines. 
A transmission readjustment tariff occurred on 25 June 2019 (ANEEL's Homologatory Resolution no. 
2562/2019), affecting EDP Transmission revenue by establishing the value of the Tariffs for the Use of the 
Transmission System ("TUST") for electricity, components of the National Interconnected System for the 
2019-2020 cycle. 
On 31 July 2019, ANEEL approved the acquisition of Litoral Sul Transmission Company by EDP and 
hence a new transmission line has been constructed. 
On 3 September 2019, ANEEL approved the RAP value regarding the third autotransformer 
implementation at SE Siderópolis 2 of EDP Aliança. The approval allows the equipment fabrication and 
installation to occur simultaneously with the rest of the transmission assets. 
On 28 April 2020, the Brazilian National Power Grid Operator – ONS, confirmed the partitioning of the 
EDP Aliança's concession agreement. This act allows the entry into service of part of EDP Aliança's 
transmission assets. The expected revenue is 90 per cent. of the RAP portion associated to this group of 
Transmission Functions. The expected income is approximately BRL 50 million per year. 
A transmission readjustment tariff occurred on 14 July 2020 (Homologatory Resolution no. 2,725/20), 
affecting EDP Transmission revenue by establishing the value of TUST for electricity, components of the 
National Interconnected System for the 2020-2021 cycle. 
On 24 November 2020, ONS published two access reports, which established the technical viability and 
conditions for the distribution utilities, CEGERO and CEBRANORTE, to connect to Tubarão Sul 
substation, owned by EDP Litoral Sul. These documents indicate the need for the construction of two 
modules to connect the overhead distribution lines, by December 2022. 
On 8 December 2020, ANEEL approved the Services Rules of Transmission Electric Energy in the National 
Electric System (Normative Resolution no. 905/20), which consolidates the rules of the Transmission 
Sector, including assets, public service provision, system access and operation. These rules were changed 
on 18 January 2022 by Normative Resolution no. 1,001/2022. 
On 30 June 2021, EDP won the transmission lot with the longest length (in terms of kilometres of lines) 
located in the Northern Region of Brazil. This transmission line is under development. 
A transmission readjustment tariff occurred on 13 July 2021 (Homologatory Resolution no. 2,895/2021), 
affecting EDP Transmission revenue by establishing the value of TUST for electricity, components of the 
National Interconnected System for the 2021-2022 cycle. 
On October 14, 2021, EDP acquired Celg Transmissão S.A. in a competitive transmission privatisation 
auction. By winning this auction, EDP added 755.5 km transmission lines and 14 substations to its portfolio 
assets. For the tariff cycle 2021-2022 the annual revenue was fixed in R$223 million (Homologatory 
Resolution no. 2,959/21). 
On 21 July 2022, ANEEL established that the annual revenue to be received by EDP Goiás in the 2022 to 
2023 cycle regarding reinforcements without prior revenue is approximately R$1.3 million (Authorizing

--- Page 233 ---
- 225 - 
 
 
Resolution no. 12,177/22). ANEEL has not yet published EDP's readjustment tariff for the 2022 to 2023 
cycle. 
3. 
COVID-19 - Extraordinary measures in the energy sector 
COVID-19 has caused direct and indirect impacts in the Brazilian electricity sector since March 2020, 
suspending activities and forcing agents to reorganise their activities to honour the contractual 
commitments and guarantee companies' cash flow. Aiming to mitigate COVID-19's impact, on 19 March 
2020, the federal government published Federal Decree No. 10,282/2020, classifying electricity generation, 
transmission, and distribution as essential public services activities, indispensable to society's needs. 
On 19 March 2020, Ordinance no. 133/2020-MME established the Sectorial Crisis Committee at the MME, 
with the presentation of an action plan to maintain the obligations of essential services. 
On 24 March 2020, ANEEL's Normative Resolution no. 878/2020 suspended electricity cuts due to default 
by residential consumers for 90 days. However, emergency assistance must be maintained during the 
period. 
On 25 March 2020, Federal Decree no. 10,292/2020 classified the public services and activities essential 
to the community. In relation to the energy sector, the supply, operation, and maintenance of electricity 
segments were included. 
On 31 March 2020, MME's Ordinance no. 134/2020 postponed transmission and power generation 
auctions, associated with long-term expansion of the grid. 
On 8 April 2020, ANEEL's Normative Resolution no. 881/2020 and ANEEL's Ordinance No. 986/2020 
anticipated BRL 2 billion of Financial Surplus to power distribution companies ("DisCos") and free 
consumers, as a crisis measure, from sectoral funds associated with the payment of energy security charges. 
EDP's distributors have received approximately BRL 56 million. 
On 15 April 2020, ANEEL's Provisional Measure no. 950/2020 granted a 100 per cent. discount on the 
Social Electricity Tariff, from 1 April to 30 June 2020, to consumers in the low-income residential sub-
class, whose energy consumption electricity is less than or equal to 220 kWh/month. 
On 20 April 2020, ANEEL's Order no. 1,406/2020 recommended that DISCO and high voltage consumers 
negotiate bilaterally possible flexibilities in their contracts due to the reduction in electricity consumption. 
In respect of the electricity transmission sector, on 22 April 2020, ANEEL's Dispatch no. 1,106/2020 
defined the use of the transmission tariff surplus for the 2019/2020 tariff cycle, thus anticipating the tariff 
discount to users. 
On 28 April 2020, Federal Decree no. 10,329/2020 included engineering works and equipment supply 
related to the electric power generation, transmission, and distribution segments within the list of essential 
services. 
On 15 May 2020, ANEEL's Order no. 1,437/2020 approved an extraordinary revision of Brazil's demand 
forecast for 2020, due to the decrease in electricity consumption relative to the crisis. Due to the drop in 
demand and the price of electricity, the DisCos are most affected by the crisis. On 18 May 2020, Federal 
Decree No. 10,350/2020 created the "COVID Account" to deal with the pandemic effects for the electricity 
sector. 
On 26 May 2020, through Public Hearing no. 35/2020, the Brazilian regulator received subsidies for the 
operationalisation of the "COVID Account", regarding the financial aspects. A ceiling value of BRL 16.1 
billion was estimated. Credit up to BRL 600 million is expected to EDP's DisCos, with a return expected 
from 2021. The Public Hearing closed on 1 June 2020. 
On 26 May 2020, ANEEL's Authorising Resolution no. 8,926/2020 exempted the penalty for commercial 
operation delay for four months in relation to the regulatory framework, defined in the Electric Energy 
Transmission Concession Contract or in the authorising act. ANEEL's Public Hearing no. 37/2020, open to 
contributions until 1 July 2020, will discuss management mechanisms for regulated contracts, allowing the 
postponement of fixed revenue payments between distributors and generators, through auctions. In

--- Page 234 ---
- 226 - 
 
 
addition, new contract management products for 2021 will be discussed, with the possibility of releasing 
energy for free negotiation. 
There were no specific regulatory or governmental measures for the free energy market, since it is an 
unregulated market, with bilateral negotiations between agents and little interference by ANEEL. 
On 21 July 2020, the COVID contract of BRL 15.3 billion was approved, financed by a pool of 16 banks. 
The CCEE disbursement schedule was established, considering the anticipation of receiving the last amount 
by 28 December 2020. On 31 July 2020, EDP Espírito Santo received BRL 219 million and EDP São Paulo 
BRL 318 million and on 10 August 2020, EDP SP received BRL 36 million. The distributors will begin 
paying the COVID Account in 2021, whose amortisation will occur in 54 monthly payments. In the 2020 
tariff processes, the amount received from the COVID Account was deducted from the tariff repositioning 
index of EDP distributors, representing a reduction of approximately 6 per cent. for EDP Espírito Santo 
and 8 per cent. for EDP São Paulo. 
The second phase of Public Hearing no. 035/2020 was initiated on 18 August 2020, with the purpose of 
analysing the impact of the COVID-19 on the economic balance of distributors. ANEEL suggests the re-
composition through the mechanisms Submodule 2.9 of PRORET: triggering equations to obtain the right 
of extraordinary tariff review ("RTE"). 
Discounting the benefits of COVID Account, only one distributor, Amazonas, would be entitled to the RTE. 
The amount to be granted in the tariffs, in case all the distributors request rebalancing through Submodule 
2.10, is BRL 2 billion. 
The third phase of Public Hearing no. 035/2020 was initiated on 16 December 2020. As a result, ANEEL 
proposed: (i) a revision to the RTE trigger and a final proposal for the methodology for market 
reconstitution and unrecoverable revenues reconstitution, in case of RTE approval; (ii) the calculation for 
involuntary over contracting due to the COVID-19 pandemic; and (iii) the allocation of spread (between 
consumers and distributors) from the COVID Account. ANEEL has defined the methodology for 
calculating the overcontracting related to market losses due to the COVID-19 pandemic as being the costs 
of the involuntary overcontracting that is passed to consumers. 
As a result of Public Hearing no. 35/20, ANEEL enacted Normative Resolution no. 952/21, which (i) 
removed the regulatory triggers as a condition to initiate RTE – the need for a RTE will be evaluated in a 
wider fashion, being the utility responsible for attesting the economic-financial unbalance in its concessions 
and link it to COVID effects, presenting also which measures were put in motion to reverse the unbalance 
condition; (ii) approved the over contracting calculation related to the COVID pandemic and extended its 
effects to 2021; and (iii) allocated the spread of the credit operation (COVID Account) between consumers 
and distribution utilities. In order for ANEEL to accept a request for an "Extraordinary Tax Revision", the 
distribution utility must prove that the economic-financial imbalance was directly caused by the COVID 
pandemic and prove that it  adopted all possible measures to re-establish this imbalance before requesting 
the "Extraordinary Tax Revision". 
4. 
Water shortage 
In 2021 Brazil faced its worst water shortage in the last 91 years. As a result, the MME adopted several 
measures to avoid the dispatch of HPP, reduce energy consumption (especially in peak hours) and 
encourage thermal generation. Consequently, generation costs and the charge to cover energy security 
increased, adding financial pressure to utilities. 
To mitigate this, and the impact of the water shortage on the tariffs revision process in 2022, ANEEL 
authorised CCEE (Normative Resolution no. 1,008/22) to obtain a new loan (Escassez Hídrica Account), 
to be settled between July 2023 and December 2027. 
EDP distribution utilities were entitled to receive R$109 million, which will be credited to consumers in 
the tariffs process of 2022.

--- Page 235 ---
- 227 - 
 
 
UNITED STATES 
1. 
Overview 
Federal, state and local energy statutes regulate the development, ownership, business organisation and 
operation of electric generating facilities in the United States. In addition, the federal government regulates 
wholesale sales of electricity and certain environmental matters, and the state and local governments 
regulate the construction of electric generating facilities, retail electricity sales and environmental and 
permitting matters. 
2. 
Federal regulations related to the electricity industry 
The federal government regulates wholesale power sales and the transmission of electricity in interstate 
commerce through the Federal Energy Regulatory Commission ("FERC"), which draws its jurisdiction 
from the Federal Power Act, as amended (the "FPA"), and from other federal legislation such as the Public 
Utility Regulatory Policies Act of 1978, as amended ("PURPA 1978"), and the Public Utility Holding 
Company Act of 2005 ("PUHCA 2005"). 
Electricity generation 
All of the Group's project companies – both for centralised generation and distributed generation – in the 
United States operate as exempt wholesale generators ("EWGs") under PUHCA 2005 or as owners of 
qualifying facilities ("QFs") under PURPA 1978, or are dually certified. In addition, most of the centralised 
generation project companies are regulated by FERC under Parts II and III of the FPA and have market-
based rate authorisation from FERC. Such market-based rate authorisation allows the project companies to 
make wholesale power sales at negotiated rates to any purchaser that is not an affiliated public utility with 
a franchised electric service territory. 
EWGs are owners or operators of electric generation (including producers of renewable energy, such as 
wind and solar projects) that are engaged exclusively in the business of owning and/or operating generating 
facilities and selling electric energy at wholesale. An EWG cannot make retail sales of electric energy or 
engage in other business activities that are not incidental to the generation and sale of electric energy at 
wholesale. An EWG may own or operate only those limited interconnection facilities necessary to connect 
wholesale generation to the grid. 
Under the FPA, FERC has exclusive rate-making jurisdiction over "public utilities" that engage in 
wholesale sales of electric energy or the transmission of electric energy in interstate commerce. With certain 
limited exceptions, the owner of a renewable energy facility that has been certified as an EWG in 
accordance with FERC's regulations is subject to regulation under the FPA and to FERC's rate-making 
jurisdiction. FERC typically grants EWGs the authority to charge market-based rates as long as the EWG 
can demonstrate that it does not have, or has adequately mitigated, market power and it cannot otherwise 
erect barriers to market entry. Currently, none of the Group's project companies or their affiliates has been 
found by FERC to have the potential to exercise market power in any U.S. markets. In the event that FERC's 
analysis of market power changes or if certain other conditions of market-based rate authority are not met, 
FERC has the authority to impose mitigation measures or withhold or rescind market-based rate authority 
and require sales to be made based at cost-of-service rates which could result in a reduction in rates. 
FERC generally grants EWGs with market-based rate authority waivers from many of the accounting and 
record-keeping requirements that are otherwise imposed on traditional public utilities under the FPA. 
However, EWGs with market-based rate authority are subject to ongoing review of their rates under FPA 
sections 205 and 206, advance review of certain direct and indirect dispositions of FERC-jurisdictional 
facilities under FPA section 203, regulation of securities issuances and assumptions of liability under FPA 
section 204 (subject to certain blanket pre-authorisation), and supervision of interlocking directorates under 
FPA section 305. FERC has authority to assess substantial civil penalties (i.e. up to approximately $1.4 
million USD per day per violation) for failure to comply with the conditions of market-based rate authority 
and the requirements of Part II of the FPA. 
Certain small power production facilities may qualify as QFs under PURPA 1978. A wind or solar-powered 
generating facility (or the aggregation of all such facilities owned or operated by the same person or its 
affiliates, using the same energy source and located within one mile of each other) with a net generating 
capacity of 80 MW or less may be certified by FERC or self-certified with FERC as a QF. Certain QFs,

--- Page 236 ---
- 228 - 
 
 
including renewable energy facilities with a net generating capacity of 30 MW or less, are exempt from 
certain provisions of the FPA. Additionally, renewable energy QFs with a net generating capacity of 20 
MW or less are exempt from FERC's rate-making authority under the FPA. EDP's US-based distributed 
generation project companies are considered QFs. QFs that are not located in competitive wholesale 
markets have the right to require an electric utility to purchase the power generated by such QFs at the 
utility's avoided cost rate. QFs also have the right to require an electric utility to interconnect it to the utility's 
transmission system, and to sell firm power service, back-up power, and supplementary power to the QF at 
reasonable and non-discriminatory rates. However, states have generally been permitted broad authority to 
determine avoided cost rates, set additional limitations on the nameplate capacity of QFs eligible for 
standard offer contracts and modify the tenor of certain contracts for QF sales. Therefore, the precise terms 
of sale for generation from QF projects vary from state to state. Finally, a renewable energy QF with a net 
capacity of 30 MW or less is exempt from regulation under PUHCA 2005 and the state laws and regulations 
respecting the rates of electric utilities and the financial and organisational regulation of electric utilities. 
On 16 July 2020, FERC issued a final rule revising its PURPA 1978 regulations. The final rule grants state 
regulatory authorities more flexibility in setting the avoided cost rates utilities must pay to QFs and 
establishing criteria that QFs must meet prior to obtaining a contract or other legally enforceable obligation 
for the sale of power to utilities. In addition, the final rule revises the utilities' obligation to purchase power 
from small power production QFs under 20 MW, the process for challenging a QF self-certification, and 
the rules used to aggregate and treat as a single facility (for purposes of the 80 MW size limit and other 
thresholds) small power production QFs that use the same fuel source, are owned or operated by the same 
person or its affiliates, and are located within a certain distance of each other. The final rule went into effect 
on 31 December 2020. 
FERC also implements the requirements of PUHCA 2005, which imposes certain obligations on "holding 
companies" that own or control 10 per cent. or more of the direct or indirect voting interests in companies 
that own or operate facilities used for the generation of electricity for sale, including renewable energy 
facilities. As a general matter, PUHCA 2005 imposes certain record-keeping, reporting and accounting 
obligations on such holding companies and certain of their affiliates. However, holding companies that own 
only EWGs, QFs or foreign utility companies are exempt from the federal access to books and records 
provisions of PUHCA 2005. 
Wholesale electricity transactions in the United States are either bilateral in nature, which allows two parties 
to freely contract for the sale and purchase of energy, or take place within centralised clearing markets for 
capacity and spot energy which facilitates the efficient distribution of energy. Regional power markets have 
formed within the transmission systems operated by independent system operators ("ISOs"), such as the 
Midcontinent, California, New York, PJM Interconnection, Southwest, and New England ISOs. 
EDP's project companies typically sell power and the associated renewable energy credits ("RECs") from 
EDP's electric generation facilities under long-term bilateral PPAs. However, additional energy or ancillary 
services may be sold on a short-term basis to the market, generally at short-term clearing prices or, in the 
case of Reactive Supply and Voltage Control Service, at cost-based rates accepted by FERC or at rates set 
by the relevant ISO. In addition, EDP's project companies may sell RECs under long-term or short-term 
bilateral agreements. The distributed generation project companies alternatively may sell credits for power 
and associated green attributes through subscription agreements to local customers in a community.  EDP's 
electric generating facilities are typically interconnected to the grid through long-term interconnection 
agreements, under which transmission-owning utilities (in combination with any ISO in which the utility 
is a member) agree to construct and maintain system-operated interconnection facilities and provide 
interconnection service to the facilities. As such, successful and timely completion of EDP's projects and 
electric sales from EDP's projects are dependent on the performance of EDP's counterparties under the 
interconnection agreements. 
NERC Reliability Standards 
FERC has jurisdiction over all users, owners, and operators of the bulk power system for purposes of 
approving and enforcing compliance with certain reliability standards. Reliability standards are 
requirements to provide for the reliable operation of the bulk power system. Pursuant to its authority under 
the FPA, FERC certified the North American Electric Reliability Corporation ("NERC") as the entity 
responsible for developing reliability standards, submitting them to FERC for approval, and overseeing and 
enforcing compliance with reliability standards, subject to FERC review. FERC authorised NERC to 
delegate certain functions to six regional reliability entities. All users, owners and operators of the bulk

--- Page 237 ---
- 229 - 
 
 
power system that meet certain materiality thresholds are required to register with the NERC and comply 
with FERC-approved reliability standards. Violations of mandatory reliability standards may result in the 
imposition of civil penalties of up to approximately $1.4 million USD per day per violation. All of EDP's 
projects in the United States that meet the relevant materiality thresholds are required to comply with 
applicable FERC-approved reliability standards for Generation Owners and/or Generator Operators. NERC 
may also require generators that own certain interconnection facilities to register as Transmission Owners 
and/or Transmission Operators which may impose additional reliability standards on EDP's projects. 
Federal Regulation of Foreign Investment in the United States 
The Committee on Foreign Investment in the United States ("CFIUS") has jurisdiction over foreign 
investment in a United States business if the investment could threaten U.S. national security.  This 
authority arises out of the Exon-Florio Amendment to the Defense Production Act of 1950, as amended 
("Exon-Florio"), which generally authorises the President to disrupt or block a transaction that has resulted 
or could result in a foreign person gaining control of a United States business if the transaction threatens 
United States national security.  Congress most recently amended Exon-Florio through the Foreign 
Investment Risk Review Modernisation Act ("FIRRMA"), which was enacted in August 2018, and with 
certain new requirements implemented effective February 2020. 
The President's and CFIUS's authority under Exon-Florio, and as amended by FIRRMA, generally extends 
to the following three categories of "covered transactions".  First, "covered control transactions" are 
transactions that could result in a foreign person having, directly or indirectly, control over a U.S. business.  
Control is defined in functional terms as the power, direct or indirect, to determine, direct or decide 
important matters affecting an entity. 
Second, "covered investments" are non-controlling investments by foreign persons in unaffiliated U.S. 
businesses involved with "critical technologies," "critical infrastructure" or "sensitive personal data (SPD)" 
("TID U.S. businesses") where the investor is accorded certain "triggering rights."  For CFIUS to have 
jurisdiction over non-controlling investments in a TID U.S. business, the foreign investor must receive one 
or more of the following triggering rights in the U.S. business: (i) access to material non-public technical 
information in possession of the U.S. business related to critical technology or covered investment critical 
infrastructure; (ii) membership or observer rights on, or the right to nominate an individual to a position on, 
the board of directors or equivalent governing body of the U.S. business; or (iii) involvement, other than 
through the voting of shares, in substantive decision-making of the U.S. business regarding the use of SPD 
of U.S. citizens; the development or release of critical technologies; or the operation or supply of covered 
investment critical infrastructure. 
Third, "covered real estate transactions" are transactions involving the purchase or lease by or concession 
to a foreign party of real estate located in various sensitive locations within the United States if the purchase, 
lease or concession affords the foreign party certain property rights. 
Generally, notifying CFIUS of a "covered transaction" is voluntary.  Clearance by CFIUS generally 
insulates a transaction from adverse action under the statute.  However, if a covered transaction is not 
notified to and cleared by CFIUS, the transaction is indefinitely susceptible to adverse action under Exon-
Florio.  In addition, while CFIUS ordinarily only examines transactions that have been notified to it, Exon-
Florio authorises CFIUS to examine "non-notified" covered transactions.  The Group typically has 
submitted notices to CFIUS as a covered control transaction when it has acquired new wind farm, solar 
park, or electric generating assets.  The Group anticipates that it also will from time to time submit notices 
to CFIUS regarding covered real estate transactions following the new rules under FIRRMA. 
Under FIRRMA, with certain exceptions, transaction parties are required to notify CFIUS of "covered 
transactions" involving either (a) acquisition of a voting interest of 25 per cent. or more in a U.S. TID 
business by a foreign person in which a foreign government has a voting interest of 49 per cent. or more; 
or (b) a controlling or non-controlling investment in a TID U.S. business that produces, designs, tests, 
manufactures, fabricates or designs one or more critical technologies utilised in connection with the TID 
U.S. business's activity in one or more of 27 specified industries defined by the North American Industrial 
Classification System codes or designed by the TID U.S. business specifically for use in one or more of 
these industries.  The Group has not engaged transactions that would require a mandatory filing with 
CFIUS.

--- Page 238 ---
- 230 - 
 
 
3. 
State Regulations Related to the Electricity Industry 
State regulatory agencies have jurisdiction over the rates and terms of electricity service to retail customers. 
As noted above, an EWG is not permitted to make retail sales. States may or may not permit QFs to engage 
in retail sales. 
In certain states, approval of the construction of new electricity generating facilities, including renewable 
energy facilities such as wind farms, is obtained from a state agency, with only limited additional ministerial 
approvals required from state and local governments. However, in many states the permit process for power 
plants (including wind farms) also remains subject to land-use and similar regulations of county and city 
governments. State-level authorisations may involve a more extensive approval process, possibly including 
an environmental impact evaluation, and are subject to opposition by interested parties or utilities. 
4. 
Renewable Energy Policies 
The marked growth in the U.S. renewable energy industry has been driven primarily by federal and state 
government policies designed to promote the growth of renewable energy, including wind and solar power. 
The primary U.S. federal renewable energy incentive programmes have been the PTC, ITC and MACRS, 
which allows the accelerated depreciation of certain major equipment components over a five-year period. 
The principal way in which many states have encouraged renewable generation development is through the 
implementation of RPS, under which a utility must demonstrate that a certain percentage of its energy 
supplied to consumers within the applicable state comes from renewable sources. Under many RPS, a utility 
may demonstrate its compliance through its ownership of RECs. RECs are generally tradable and 
considered separate commodities from the underlying power that is generated by the resource. A majority 
of states, the District of Columbia and three U.S. territories have implemented mandatory RPS 
requirements, and a number of other states and one U.S. territory have implemented voluntary, rather than 
mandatory, renewable energy goals. Additionally, some states and localities encourage the development of 
renewable resources through reduced property taxes, state tax exemptions and abatements, and state grants. 
U.S Federal Tax Incentives 
In the United States, the federal government has supported renewable energy primarily through income tax 
incentives. Historically, the main tax incentives have been the federal PTC, ITC and the five-year 
accelerated depreciation for eligible assets under MACRS pursuant to the Internal Revenue Code of 1986. 
The PTC is a per kilowatt-hour tax credit for electricity that is generated by qualified energy resources 
including onshore wind, and sold by the taxpayer to an unrelated person during the taxable year. In 2009, 
the American Recovery and Reinvestment Act allowed certain renewable energy projects to elect, in lieu 
of the PTC, an ITC equal to 30 per cent. of the capital invested in the project. The PTC for wind projects is 
available for projects that "begin construction" before 1 January 2022. The value of the PTC was reduced 
by 20 per cent. for projects that "began construction" in 2017 and was reduced by 40 per cent. for projects 
that "began construction" in 2018 and was reduced by 60 per cent. for projects that began construction in 
2019 and is reduced by 40 per cent. for projects that began construction in 2020 and 2021. 
Historically, the main federal tax incentives for solar projects have been an ITC equal to 30 per cent. of the 
capital invested in the project and the five-year accelerated depreciation for eligible assets under MACRS. 
The 30 per cent. ITC for solar projects was reduced to 26 per cent. for projects that "began construction" in 
2021 and 2022 and is scheduled to be reduced to 22 per cent. for projects that "begin construction" in 2023, 
and to 10 per cent. for projects that "begin construction" after 31 December 2023. With respect to 
depreciation deductions under MACRS, in February 2008, the Economic Stimulus Act of 2008 provided 
for a temporary 50 per cent. bonus depreciation with 5-year MACRS utilised to recover the remaining basis 
for eligible property, including wind and solar property, placed in service before 28 September 2017. In 
December 2017, The Tax Cuts and Jobs Act ("TCJA") expanded bonus depreciation to 100 per cent. for 
eligible property, including wind and solar property, acquired after 27 September 2017 and placed in service 
before 1 January 2023. The value of bonus depreciation is scheduled to be reduced for property placed in 
service in 2023 to 80 per cent., in 2024 to 60 per cent., in 2025 to 40 per cent., and in 2026 to 20 per cent., 
after which the bonus depreciation expires. As of the date of this Offering Memorandum, there can be no 
assurance that the bonus depreciation will be extended beyond its current expiration. The TCJA also added 
a requirement that limits the amount of business interest expense that is deductible to the sum of business 
interest income plus 30 per cent. of the "adjusted taxable income" (generally, business operating results 
plus provisions and amortisations and impairments for taxable years beginning before 1 January 2022 and 
operating results for taxable years beginning on or after that date).

--- Page 239 ---
- 231 - 
 
 
On 7 August 2022, the U.S. Senate passed the Inflation Reduction Act of 2022 (the "IRA"), which will 
extend the PTC for onshore wind projects that begin construction after 31 December 2022 and before 1 
January 2025. After 31 December 2024 until the later of 31 December 2032 and the first year greenhouse 
gas emissions in the United States are equal to or less than 25 per cent. of U.S. greenhouse gas emissions 
in 2022, wind, solar, and certain other technologies, which meet specified "qualified facilities" rules will 
be eligible for a technology-neutral (zero emissions) PTC. The "base credit" will equal to $0.3 cents per 
kWh of electrical energy generated. If certain prevailing wage and apprenticeship rules are satisfied, an 
additional $1.5 cents per kWh becomes available. The PTC will adjust for inflation. An additional PTC 
equal to 10 per cent. is available for projects that satisfy certain "domestic content requirements" and an 
additional credit equal to 10 per cent. is available for projects that are located in certain "energy 
communities." Solar projects and off-shore wind projects will be eligible for the traditional production tax 
credit. 
In addition, the IRA provided certain extensions and modification for the ITC. Pursuant to the IRA, solar 
projects that are "placed in service" in 2022 are eligible for the 30 per cent. investment tax credit. After 31 
December 2024, the traditional investment tax credit will begin to step-down in favour of a technology-
neutral (zero emissions) investment tax credit. After 31 December 2024 until the later of 31 December 2032 
and the first year greenhouse gas emissions in the United States are equal to or less than 25 per cent. of the 
greenhouse gas emissions in 2022, wind, solar, energy storage, and certain other projects, which meet 
specified "qualified facilities" rules will be eligible for a technology-neutral (zero emissions) investment 
tax credit. Commencing on January 1, 2023, the "base credit" will be equal to 6 per cent. of the ITC eligible 
cost basis. If certain prevailing wage and apprenticeship rules are satisfied, an additional 24 per cent. 
investment tax credit becomes available. An additional tax credit equal to 10 per cent. is available for 
projects that satisfy certain "domestic content requirements." Further, an additional credit equal to 10 per 
cent. is available for projects that are located in certain "energy communities." Finally, an additional credit 
equal to 10 per cent. becomes available if the project is located in a "low-income community" or an 
additional 20 per cent. becomes available if the project satisfies certain "qualified low income building" or 
"benefits projects." 
The IRA also provides a new mechanism for EDP to monetise certain tax credits. After 31 December 2022, 
taxpayers may elect to "transfer" or sell certain tax credits to an unrelated taxpayer. Consideration for tax 
credits that are transferred or sold pursuant to the IRA must be in cash. Consideration will not be treated as 
income to the transferor/seller of the credits. The consideration is also not deductible by the 
transferee/purchaser of the credits. The tax credits may only be transferred once and tax credits which have 
been carried back or carried forward may not be transferred. 
EDP's ability to take advantage of the benefits of the PTC, ITC and depreciation incentives is based in part 
on the investment structures that EDP entered into with institutional investors in the United States (the 
"Partnership Structures"), and with the passage of the IRA, the transferability of those tax credits to 
unrelated third parties with sufficient tax liability to monetise those credits ("Transferability Structures"). 
Even assuming that the PTC, ITC and depreciation incentives continue to be available in the future, there 
can be no assurance that: (i) EDP will have sufficient taxable income in the United States to utilise the 
benefits generated by these tax incentives; (ii) the market to purchase tax credits after 31 December 2022 
will be sufficiently developed to sell or transfer the PTC or the ITC; (iii) the Partnership Structures will 
continue to be respected by the U.S. Internal Revenue Service; (iv) there will be tax equity investors 
interested in or able to monetize the PTC and ITC; or (v) EDP will otherwise be able to realise the benefits 
of these incentives. In particular, there can be no assurance that EDP will be able to realise the benefits of 
these incentives through Partnership Structures or Transferability Structures entered into with investors 
who offer acceptable terms and pricing (or that there will be a sufficient number of such suitable investors). 
State Renewable Portfolio Standards 
In addition to U.S. federal tax incentives, at the state level, RPS provide support for EDP's business by 
specifying that a certain percentage of a utility's energy supplied to consumers within the state must come 
from renewable sources (typically between 15 per cent. and 25 per cent. by 2020 or 2025, although recently 
some states raised to 50 per cent. or more the target for procurement from renewable or carbon-free sources) 
and, in certain cases, make provision for various penalties for non-compliance. According to the Database 
of State Incentives for Renewables and Efficiency, as of June 2022, 33 U.S. states, the District of Columbia 
and three U.S. territories have mandatory RPS requirements, while an additional five states and one US 
territory have adopted non-mandatory renewable energy goals. Within states, municipalities that have 
authority over electric utilities may also choose to adopt renewable energy incentives. For states with

--- Page 240 ---
- 232 - 
 
 
mandatory targets, most state RPS administrators require utilities to secure RECs to demonstrate 
compliance with the RPS requirement. Although additional states may consider the enactment of an RPS, 
there can be no assurance that they will decide to do so, or that the existing RPS will not be discontinued 
or adversely modified. 
5. 
Permitting and Environmental Compliance 
Construction and operation of wind and solar generation facilities and the generation and transport of 
renewable energy are subject to environmental regulation by U.S. federal, state and local authorities. 
Typically, environmental laws and regulations require a lengthy and complex process for obtaining 
licences, permits and approvals prior to construction, operation or modification of a project or generating 
facility. Prior to development, permitting authorities may require that wind project developers consider and 
address, among other things, impact on birds, bats and other biological resources, noise impact, 
paleontological and cultural impact, wetland and water quality impact, compatibility with existing land 
uses, impact on visual and aesthetic resources, and environmental justice issues. In addition, projects which 
propose to impact federal land or require some federal licence or permit, or federal funding, generally 
require the review of the potential environmental effects of the action pursuant to the National 
Environmental Policy Act ("NEPA"), which requires that the public be afforded an opportunity to review 
and comment on the proposed project. Other federal environmental reviews that would be triggered by a 
discretionary federal agency action to licence, permit or fund a project include a review of the project's 
effects on listed species and designated critical habitat under section 7 of the Endangered Species Act 
("ESA") to ensure that the permitted project includes sufficient avoidance, minimisation and mitigation 
measures to avoid jeopardising the continued existence of a species and/or adversely modifying designated 
critical habitat. 
Depending on the species, the U.S. Fish and Wildlife Service ("USFWS") and the National Marine 
Fisheries Service ("NMFS") are charged with enforcement of federal environmental laws protecting 
endangered and threatened species, marine mammals, migratory birds, and bald and golden eagles as well 
as the habitat supporting such species. The ESA, Marine Mammal Protection Act ("MMPA"), Migratory 
Bird Treaty Act ("MBTA") and Bald and Golden Eagle Protection Act ("BGEPA") each prohibit the "take" 
of species protected by the particular statute. Generally, prohibited "take" of species includes activities that 
kill, injure, or capture a protected species and, for the ESA and MMPA, extend to certain activities that 
modify habitat or disrupt normal behavioural patterns. 
The USFWS has issued voluntary guidelines for land-based wind energy projects, which outline the 
USFWS regulatory requirements under the ESA, MBTA and BGEPA and provide project developers with 
guidance as to how to assess potential impacts and avoid or minimise significant adverse impacts of a 
project on species and habitats. While a project developer who adheres to the USFWS guidelines is not 
relieved of potential liability should a violation of any of these statutes arise, the USFWS may consider a 
developer's documented efforts to engage with the agency and follow the guidelines in the scoping of any 
enforcement action or penalty. Additionally, the USFWS also manages a permitting regime for take under 
BGEPA through which developers adopt conservation measures to avoid and/or minimise the "take" of 
eagles to the maximum extent possible. Under the permitting regime, the USFWS may issue an incidental 
take permit for a set duration, between five and thirty years, depending on the nature of the activities, impact 
on eagles, and mitigation measure taken by the recipient. Special requirements for avoidance, minimisation, 
or mitigation measures are required for permits with a duration of greater than five years. At present, there 
is no similar permitting or incidental take authorisation programme for the MBTA. 
The Bureau of Ocean Energy Management ("BOEM"), a federal agency within the DOI, oversees the 
production, transportation, or transmission of energy from renewable energy projects, including offshore 
wind projects, which are developed on the Outer Continental Shelf ("OCS"). BOEM has authorisation to 
issue leases, easements and rights of way to allow for renewable energy development on the OCS. BOEM 
is required to coordinate with relevant federal agencies and affected state and local governments with 
respect to leases and grants issued and ensure that renewable energy development takes place in a safe and 
environmentally responsible manner. In addition, developers of offshore wind projects must comply with 
the MMPA, which prohibits the "take" of marine mammals.  Under the MMPA, USFWS or NMFS can 
authorise the incidental harassment or incidental take of small numbers of marine mammals if there will be 
a negligible impact on the species.  These authorisations are for a set duration, one to five years depending 
on the severity and duration of the impact, and include mitigation, monitoring, and reporting measures.

--- Page 241 ---
- 233 - 
 
 
Other federal reviews, permits, or authorisations may be required where a renewable energy project 
involves or impacts federal lands, federally regulated natural resources, or other areas of federal authority. 
For example, wind farms with structures which exceed 200 feet in height must meet the lighting and safety 
regulations of the Federal Aviation Administration. Likewise, wind and solar projects must comply with 
permitting and mitigation requirements relating to impacts on wetlands, water quality, and wastewater 
discharge under the Clean Water Act, for project activities in or in proximity to waters of the United States. 
It is possible that wind farms may in the future be subject to further federal restrictions intended to minimise 
interferences with military radar systems. Further, the listing of new species and the designation of new or 
revised critical habitat protected under the ESA could adversely affect new project development and 
potentially involve new restrictions on existing project operations where there is retained federal 
discretionary authority associated with the project permit, licence or funding. 
Various states have also implemented environmental laws and regulations that impact renewable energy 
projects. In addition to state permitting regimes for the protection of waterways and other natural resources, 
certain state environmental laws require the preparation of an environmental assessment or impact report 
similar to the federal review required under NEPA, while some states require a meeting be held to solicit 
comments from affected local landowners and local authorities. Some states have also adopted wind energy 
siting guidelines that may be similar to the USFWS guidelines, sometimes enforced through state 
environmental processes akin to NEPA review. 
The United States is one of the most attractive markets globally for renewable energy generation in terms 
of total installed wind capacity and continued growth. According to the American Clean Power Association 
("ACP"), the installed capacity of onshore wind farms in the United States is 139 GW, and now represents 
the fourth largest source of electricity generating capacity in the United States. Similarly, ACP reports that 
installed utility scale solar PV facilities generate 64 GW of electricity, which is enough to power 14 million 
homes. According to the U.S. Energy Information Administration, in 2021 wind energy provided 
approximately 9.2 per cent. and solar energy provided approximately 2.8 per cent. of the United States' 
electricity generation.

--- Page 242 ---
- 234 - 
 
 
MANAGEMENT OF EDP 
Corporate Governance Model 
EDP's shareholders approved its current corporate governance model at the annual general shareholders' 
meeting (when referring to EDP, the "AGSM") held on 30 March 2006, which entered into force on 30 
June 2006. The corporate governance model is structured as a two-tier system, composed of an executive 
board of directors (the "Executive Board of Directors") and a general and supervisory board (the "General 
and Supervisory Board"). The Executive Board of Directors is EDP's managing body and is responsible 
for its management and for developing and pursuing EDP's strategy. 
The Executive Board of Directors must be composed of at least five and no more than nine directors, all of 
whom undertake executive positions. Under the current mandate of 2021-2023, the Executive Board of 
Directors is composed of five directors who were elected at the extraordinary general shareholders' meeting 
held on 19 January 2021. The General and Supervisory Board is a supervisory and consulting body and is 
responsible for, among other things, supervising the Group's activities and reviewing and approving 
important transactions involving the Group. The General and Supervisory Board must be composed of at 
least nine members and must at all times have more members than the Executive Board of Directors. All 
members of the General and Supervisory Board undertake non-executive positions. EDP complies with the 
corporate governance provisions included in the Portuguese Companies Code and in the Portuguese 
Securities Code and, since 2018, EDP has adopted the Corporate Governance Code issued and amended 
from time to time by the Portuguese Institute for Corporate Governance following the entry into force of 
the Protocol signed on 13 October 2017 between the Portuguese Securities Market Commission ("CMVM") 
and the Portuguese Institute for Corporate Governance. EDP fully complies with the provisions included 
in the Corporate Governance Code issued by the Portuguese Institute for Corporate Governance, with the 
exception of the following recommendation: 
Recommendation II.5 
The articles of association, which specify the limitation of the number of votes that can be held or exercised 
by a sole shareholder, individually or in coordination with other shareholders, should equally provide that, 
at least every 5 years, the amendment or maintenance of this rule will be subject to a shareholder resolution 
— without increased quorum in comparison to the legally established — and in that resolution, all votes 
cast will be counted without observation of the imposed limits. This recommendation has not been adopted 
on the basis of the considerations below. 
Considering the current shareholder structure of EDP, this recommendation does not have any practical 
applicability. However, over the past few years, the subject of statutory limitation on voting rights has 
already been discussed by the general shareholders' meeting of EDP on three occasions, the last of which 
occurred on 24 April 2019. 
The shareholders have thus been called on to decide on limiting the number of votes. The continued 
existence of the limitation has prevailed, and the reflection on the adjustment of the relevant ceiling for 
counting voting rights has been precisely to progressively increase this level. 
The shareholding dynamics of EDP has thus proven to be perfectly in tune with the sense advocated in this 
recommendation, and to be sufficiently appropriate for pursuing its goals, avoiding rigid formulas for this 
review set down in the articles of association, which has also fostered a particularly intense scrutiny of this 
clause by shareholders, and does not constitute an impediment to adequate functioning of the market for 
corporate control. 
These circumstances confirm that the voting cap does not prevent the relevant shareholders' involvement 
in EDP's corporate governance, again bearing in mind that three resolutions of the general shareholders' 
meeting have been adopted, from 2011 to 2019, regarding this statutory limitation. 
In effect, the voting limitation set forth in article 14 of the articles of association reflects the express wish 
of EDP's shareholders through the general meeting resolutions, in the defence of EDP's specific interests: 
(i) the increase of the limit from 5 per cent. to 20 per cent. was approved by the shareholders at the general 
meeting of 25 August 2011, involving the participation of 72.25 per cent. of the share capital and the 
approval of a majority of 94.16 per cent. of the votes cast; (ii) a subsequent increase to the current 25 per 
cent. cap was approved at the general meeting of 20 February 2012, involving the participation of 71.51

--- Page 243 ---
- 235 - 
 
 
per cent. of the share capital and the approval by a majority of 89.65 per cent. of votes cast and (iii) the 
removal of the voting cap set out in the articles of association was rejected by a majority of 56.61 per cent. 
of votes cast, with the participation of 64.29 per cent. of the share capital. 
Executive Board of Directors 
The Executive Board of Directors, together with EDP's executive officers, manages EDP's affairs and 
monitors the daily operation of EDP's activities in accordance with Portuguese law and EDP's articles of 
association. Executive officers are in charge of EDP's various administrative departments and report 
directly to the Executive Board of Directors. Companies within the Group are managed by their respective 
boards of directors. The names of the current directors on the Executive Board of Directors, along with 
their principal affiliations and certain other biographical information, are set forth below: 
Name 
Year of 
Birth 
Position 
Year 
Originally 
Elected 
Last 
Election 
Chief Executive Officer 
 
 
 
 
Miguel Stilwell de Andrade .......................................... 
1976 
Chairman 
2012 
2021 
Members 
 
 
 
 
Miguel Nuno Simões Nunes Ferreira Setas .................. 
1970 
Executive Director 
2015 
2021 
Rui Manuel Rodrigues Lopes Teixeira ......................... 
1972 
Executive Director 
2015 
2021 
Vera de Morais Pinto Pereira Carneiro ......................... 
1974 
Executive Director 
2018 
2021 
Ana Paula Garrido de Pina Marques ............................ 
1973 
Executive Director 
2021 
- 
 
Full Name 
Miguel Stilwell de Andrade 
Position 
Executive Board of Directors Member elected in February 2012, 
(reappointed in April 2015, April 2018 and January 2021). Interim chairman 
of the Executive Board of Directors since 6 July 2020 (appointed by the 
General and Supervisory Board and the Executive Board of Directors) and 
Chairman of the Executive Board of Directors since January 2021. 
Skills and Experience 
MEng with Distinction Mechanic Engineering – Strathclyde University 
(1998) | MBA - MIT Sloan (2003) | Mergers and Acquisitions – UBS 
Investment Bank (UK) (1998-2000) | Strategy and Corporate Development 
Area – EDP (2000-2005) | Strategy and Corporate Development Director – 
EDP (2005-2009) | Board of Directors Member – E-Redes and other 
companies within the Group (2009-2012) | Chairman – InovGrid (2009-
2011) | CEO – EDP Comercial (2012-2018) | CEO - EDP España (2012-
2018) | Vice-Chairman and CEO – EDP Renováveis (2021) 
Current External 
Appointments 
Member of the General Board – AEM – Association of Listed Companies 
(2021) 
Full Name 
Miguel Nuno Simões Nunes Ferreira Setas 
Position 
Executive Board of Directors Member elected in April 2015 (reappointed in 
April 2018 and January 2021)  
Skills and Experience 
Degree in Physics Engineering – Higher Technical Institute (1993) | Masters 
in Electronic and Computing Engineering – Higher Technical Institute 
(1995) | MBA – Nova University of Lisbon (1996) | Executive Training – 
Harvard, Wharton, IESE (Barcelona) and CEIBS (Shanghai) (2019) | 
Consultant – McKinsey & Company (1995-1997) | Corporate Director - 
GDP - Gás de Portugal (1998-2000) | Board Member - Setgás (1999-2001) 
| Executive Board Member – Lisboagás (2000-2001) | Strategic Marketing 
Director – Galp Energia (2001-2004) | Board Member – Comboios de 
Portugal (2004-2006) | Chief of Staff of the Chairman of the Executive 
Board of Directors Chairman – EDP (2006-2007) | Board Member – EDP 
Comercial (07-08) | Board Member - EDP Inovação (2007-2008 / 2012-
2014) | Vice-Chairman– EDP Brasil (2008-2013) | CEO – EDP Brasil 
(2014-2021) | Chairman of the Board of Directors – EDP Produção (2020-
2021) | Board Member – EDP España (2021) | Chairman of the Board of

--- Page 244 ---
- 236 - 
 
 
Directors – EDP Brasil (2021) | Board Member - EDP Renováveis (2021) | 
Chairman of the Board of Directors – E-Redes España (2021). 
Current External 
Appointments 
Vice-Chairman of the Board – BCSD Portugal (2021) 
Full Name 
Rui Manuel Rodrigues Lopes Teixeira 
Position 
Executive Board of Directors Member elected in April 2015 (reappointed in 
April 2018 and January 2021) 
Skills and Experience 
Naval Architecture and Marine Engineering Graduate - Higher Technical 
Institute (1995) | MBA – Nova University of Lisbon (2001) | Advanced 
Management Programme - Harvard Business School (2013) | Assistant 
Director of the Naval Commercial Department - Gellweiler (1996-1997) | 
Project manager and Ship Surveyor - Det Norske Veritas (1997-2001) | 
Consultant - McKinsey & Company (2001-2004) | Corporate Control and 
Planning Director – EDP (2004-2007) | Board Member – EDP Renováveis 
(2008-2015) | Chairman of the Board of Directors – EDP Produção (2015-
2020) | CEO – EDP España (2018 – 2021) | CFO – EDP Renováveis (2019) 
| CFO – EDP (2021) | Board Member – EDP Brasil (2021) 
Current External 
Appointments 
Board Member - OMIP SGPS, S.A. and OMEL (2021) | Strategic Board 
Member – ISEG MBA (2021) 
Full Name 
Vera de Morais Pinto Pereira Carneiro 
Position 
Executive Board of Directors Member elected in April 2018 (and 
reappointed in January 2021) 
Skills and Experience 
Economics Degree – Nova University of Lisbon (1996) | Post-graduate in 
Economics – Nova University of Lisbon (1998) | MBA – INSEAD, 
Fontainebleau (2000) | Executive Education Program - Harvard Business 
School (2021) | Associate – Mercer (1996-1999) | Founder – Innovagency 
Consulting (2001-2003) | Head of Television Business Unit– TV Cabo – PT 
Multimédia (2003-2007) | Head of Television Business Unit – MEO (2007-
2014) | Board Member – Pulsa Media (2014-2018) | Executive Vice-
President and General Director (Portugal and Spain) and Member of 
Executive Leadership Team Europe & Africa - Fox Networks Group (2014-
2018) | Board of Directors Chairperson - EDP Comercial (2018) | 
Commercial Consejera – EDP España (2018) | Chairperson – Fundação 
EDP (2021) | Board Member - EDP Renováveis (2019) | Board Member - 
EDP Brasil (2021) 
Current External 
Appointments 
Board Member - Portuguese Institute of Corporate Governance (2019) | 
Board Member – Charge up Europe (2020) | Chairman - Portuguese-
Chinese Chamber of Commerce and Industry (2021) | General Board 
Member - Alfredo de Sousa Foundation (2021)  
Full Name 
Ana Paula Garrido de Pina Marques 
Position 
Executive Board of Directors Member elected in January 2021 
Skills and Experience 
Economics Degree – Faculdade de Economia do Porto (1996) | MBA – 
INSEAD, France and Singapore (2002) | Executive Education Programs at 
IMD in Lausanne and Harvard Business School (2008, 2009) | Marketing at 
Procter & Gamble (1996-1998) | SMEs Business Unit - Optimus (1998-
2003) | Head of Marketing, Brand and Communication - Optimus (2003-
2007) | Head of Marketing and Sales of the Mobile Residential Business 
Unit - Optimus (2008-2009) | Executive Board Member - Optimus (2010-
2013) | President of APRITEL (Portuguese Association of Telecom 
Operators) (2011-2014) | Executive Board of Directors Member - NOS,

--- Page 245 ---
- 237 - 
 
 
SGPS, S.A. (2013-2020) | Non-Executive Member of the Board of Directors 
- SportTV (2016-2020) | Vice-Chairperson - NOS, SGPS, S.A. (2019-2020) 
| Board Member - EDP Renováveis (2021) | Board Member - EDP Brasil 
(2021) | CEO – EDP España (2021) | CEO – EDP Produção (2021) | CEO – 
Labelec (2021) 
Current External 
Appointments 
Chairman of the Governing Board – ELCPOR (2021) | Member of the 
General Board – COTEC Portugal (2021) | General Board Member - 
Portuguese Institute of Corporate Governance (2021) | General Board 
Member – Porto Business School | Guest Professor – Oporto Faculty of 
Economics' and Porto Business School 
 
General and Supervisory Board 
In accordance with the applicable law and EDP's articles of association, the General and Supervisory Board 
has created specialised committees for dealing with matters of particular importance, which are composed 
exclusively of Members of the Board itself with appropriate qualifications, experience and availability. 
Their main mission is to carry out the continuous monitoring of the matters entrusted, in order to facilitate 
the analysis and main decision-making processes of the General and Supervisory Board. 
The General and Supervisory Board holds four specialised committees: 
 
the Financial Matters Committee / Audit Committee; 
 
the Remuneration Committee; 
 
the Corporate Governance and Sustainability Committee; and 
 
the United States of America Business Affairs Monitoring Committee ("USA Business Affairs 
Monitoring Committee"). 
In the case of the Financial Matters Committee / Audit Committee and the Remuneration Committee, they 
were set up in response to legal and statutory requirements. The Corporate Governance and Sustainability 
Committee and the USA Business Affairs Monitoring Committee were created at the initiative of the 
General and Supervisory Board. 
Name 
Year of Birth 
Position 
Year 
Originally 
Elected 
Last Election 
João Luís Ramalho Carvalho Talone ..................... 
1951 
Chairman 
(Independent) 
2021 
- 
China Three Gorges Corporation (represented by 
Dingming Zhang) ............................................... 
1963 
(Non-
Independent) 
2012  
2021 
China Three Gorges International Limited 
(represented by Shengliang Wu) ........................ 
1971 
Member (Non-
Independent) 
2021 
- 
China Three Gorges (Europe), S.A. (represented 
by Ignacio Herrero Ruiz) .................................... 
1974 
Member (Non-
Independent) 
2012 
2021 
China Three Gorges Brasil Energia Ltda 
(represented by Li Li*) ....................................... 
1963 
Member (Non-
Independent) 
2018 (originally 
represented by 
Yinsheng Li) 
2021 
China Three Gorges (Portugal), Sociedade 
Unipessoal, Lda. (represented by Miguel 
Espregueira Mendes Pereira Leite) .................... 
1963 
Member (Non-
Independent) 
2015 (originally 
represented by 
Eduardo de 
Almeida 
Catroga) 
2021 
DRAURSA, S.A. (represented by Felipe 
Fernández Fernández) ........................................ 
1952 
Member (Non-
Independent) 
2015 
2021 
Fernando María Masaveu Herrero ......................... 
1966 
Member (Non-
Independent) 
2012 
2021 
João Carvalho das Neves ....................................... 
1956 
Member 
(Independent) 
2015 
2021 
María del Carmen Fernández Rozado ................... 
1952 
Member 
(Independent) 
2015 
2021 
Laurie Lee Fitch ..................................................... 
1970 
Member 
(Independent) 
2018 
2021

--- Page 246 ---
- 238 - 
 
 
Name 
Year of Birth 
Position 
Year 
Originally 
Elected 
Last Election 
Esmeralda da Silva Santos Dourado ...................... 
1953 
Member 
(Independent) 
2021 
- 
Helena Sofia Silva Borges Salgado Fonseca 
Cerveira Pinto ..................................................... 
1970 
Member 
(Independent) 
2021 
- 
Sandrine Dixson-Declève ...................................... 
1966 
Member 
(Independent) 
2021 
- 
Zili Shao ................................................................. 
1959 
Member  
(Independent) 
2021 
- 
Luís Maria Viana Palha da Silva ........................... 
1956 
Member  
(Independent) 
2019 
2021 
_________ 
*    On 5 August 2022, the representative of China Three Gorges Brasil Energia Ltda. in the General and Supervisory Board of EDP, 
Mrs. Li Li, presented her resignation. 
 
 
 
Full name 
João Luís Ramalho Carvalho Talone 
Status 
Independent 
Position 
General and Supervisory Board Chairman  
Committees 
Corporate Governance and Sustainability Committee Chairman | USA 
Business Affairs Monitoring Committee Chairman. 
Skills and Experience 
Assistant Professor of "Operational Research" and "Statistics" – IST 
(1972-1975) | Invited Auxiliar Professor of "International Finance" – 
Nova SBE (1985-1987) | Degree in Advanced Management Program - 
Harvard Business School (2002) |Master of Science degree in Civil 
Engineering - Technical University of Lisbon | Certificate in Corporate 
Governance - INSEAD (2018) | Executive Program - Singularity 
University in Silicon Valley (2020) | Executive Board Member – BCP 
(1987-2001) | Chairman - Foreign & Colonial in London | Special 
Commissioner for the Portuguese Government - IPE (2002-2003) | 
CEO – EDP – Energias de Portugal, S.A. (2003-2006) | Vice-Chairman – 
HidroCantábrico (2005) | Co-founder – Hyperion (2006) | Co-founder - 
Magnum Capital | Chairman – IBERWIND (2008-2015) | Member - 
Corporate Finance Standing Committee – ESMA (2010-2013) | Advisory 
Board member - Banco de Portugal (2018-2020) | Non-executive Board 
Member – ITA CARE (2019-2021) | Non-executive Board Member – 
Lexer (2019 – 2021) | Board Member of Alfredo Santos Foundation – 
Financial Sponsor of Nova SBE (2021) | MBA - Nova SBE/Wharton 
(currently) 
EDP Historic 
Appointments 
General and Supervisory Board Chairman (since April 2021) 
Current External 
Appointments 
Non-executive Board Member – Lacer | Non-executive Board Member – 
Miranza | Non-executive Board Member – ROQ | Member - Engineers 
Academy  
Full name 
Dingming Zhang (representing China Three Gorges Corporation) 
Status 
Non-independent 
Position 
General and Supervisory Board Member 
Committees 
- 
Skills and Experience 
Bachelor's degree in Power System and Automation - Huazhong 
University of Science and Technology (1984) | Master's degree in

--- Page 247 ---
- 239 - 
 
 
Management - Huazhong University of Science and Technology (2001) | 
Deputy Director of Power Production Department - China Three Gorges 
Corporation (2002) | Executive Vice President - China Yangtze Power 
Company (2002-2011) | Director - Guangzhou Development Industry  
EDP Historic 
Appointments 
General and Supervisory Board Vice Chairman, in representation of China 
Three Gorges (February 2012 – April 2015) | General and Supervisory 
Board Member, in representation of CWEI (Europe), S.A. (April 2015 - 
April 2018) | General and Supervisory Board Member, in representation 
of China Three Gorges International Corporation (April 2018 - December 
2018) | General and Supervisory Board Vice Chairman, in representation 
of China Three Gorges Corporation (December 2018 – April 2021)  
Current External 
Appointments 
President - Beijing Yangtze Power Capital (since 2015) | Vice-President - 
China Three Gorges Corporation (since 2018) 
Full name 
Shengliang Wu (representing China Three Gorges International 
Corporation) 
Status 
Non-independent 
Position 
General and Supervisory Board Member 
Committees 
- 
Skills and Experience 
Bachelor's degree in Engineering –Wuhuan University (1992) | Master's 
degree in Technical Economics and Management – Chongqing University 
(2000) | Secretary of Corporate Affairs Department - Gezhouba 
Hydropower Plant (1998-2000) | Deputy Director of the Board - China 
Yangtze Power Company (2002-2003) | Director of Capital Operating 
Department - China Yangtze Power Company (2004-2006) | Executive 
Vice-President - Beijing Yangtze Power Capital (2006-2011) | Deputy 
Director of Strategic Planning Department – China Three Gorges 
Corporation (2011-2015) | Executive Vice-President - China Three 
Gorges International Corporation (2015-date) | Chairman - China Three 
Gorges (Europe), S.A. (2015-2020)  
EDP Historic 
Appointments 
General and Supervisory Board Member, in representation of China Three 
Gorges International (Europe), S.A. (February 2012 – April de 2015) | 
General and Supervisory Board Member, in representation of China Three 
Gorges (Portugal), Sociedade Unipessoal, Lda. (April 2015 - April 2018) 
| General and Supervisory Board Member, in representation of China 
Three Gorges (Europe), S.A (April 2018 - December 2018) 
Current External 
Appointments 
Chairman - China Three Gorges International Limited (since 2015)| 
Chairman – China Three Gorges International Corporation (since 2022) 
Full name 
Ignacio Herrero Ruiz (representing China Three Gorges (Europe) 
S.A.) 
Status 
Non-independent 
Position 
General and Supervisory Board Member 
Committees 
Corporate Governance and Sustainability Committee Member 
Skills and Experience 
Degree in Economics - Carlos III University (Madrid) (1997) | Credit Risk 
Management Department - Citigroup (1997-1998) | Mergers and 
Acquisitions Department - Deutsche Bank (1998- 2007) | Mergers and 
Acquisitions Department - Credit Suisse (2007-2016)

--- Page 248 ---
- 240 - 
 
 
EDP Historic 
Appointments 
General and Supervisory Board Member, in representation of China Three 
Gorges (Europe), S.A., since December 2018 
Current External 
Appointments 
Holds senior position at China Three Gorges Corporation (Europe), S.A. 
(since 2016) 
Full name 
Li Li (representing China Three Gorges Brasil Energia Ltda.) 
Status 
Non-independent 
Position 
General and Supervisory Board Member 
Committees 
Corporate Governance and Sustainability Committee Member. 
Skills and Experience 
Bachelor's degree in International Business with a major in Hydropower 
Engineering | First-class Constructor in China | Assistant Engineer at 
Planning Department – CWE (1984-1985) | Assistant Engineer/Engineer 
– CWE Tunisian Branch (1985-1989) | Engineer at Hydropower 
Department – CWE (1989-1993) | Engineer – CWE Romanian Branch 
(1994-1995) | Senior Engineer at Hydropower Department – CWE (1995-
1999) | Project Manager (the Odaw Drainage Channel) – CWE (1999-
2000) | Deputy General Manager - CWE (2000-2001) | Project Manager 
(the Water Mains)– CWE (2001-2003) | Deputy/General Manager at 
International Business Department – CWE (2003-2011) | Vice-Chairman 
– CWE (2011-2015); Chairman – CWE (2015-2017) | Executive Director 
– CWE (2017-2019)  
EDP Historic 
Appointments 
General and Supervisory Board Member, in representation of China Three 
Gorges Brasil Energia Ltda., since December 2019 (re-elected in April 
2021) 
Current External 
Appointments 
Deputy Chief Economist – China Three Gorges (since 2019) | General and 
Supervisory Board Member – IHA (since 2021) | Level I Consultant – 
China Three Gorges Corporation (since 2022)  
Full name 
Miguel Espregueira Mendes Pereira Leite (representing China Three 
Gorges (Portugal), Sociedade Unipessoal, Lda.) 
Status 
Non-independent 
Position 
General and Supervisory Board Member 
Committees 
Remuneration Committee Chairman 
Skills and Experience 
Degree in Law - Portuguese Catholic University (1987) | Management 
Course – Executive Program - PBS – Porto Business School (1996) | 
Founder - Atlantic SGOIC, S.A. (2005) | Chairman and CEO - Morgan 
Stanley – Portugal SGFIM SA (2001-2003) | Head of Morgan Stanley´s 
local operation in Portugal (1999 -2003)| Manager - Morgan Stanley – 
Portugal (Holding) (2001-2003) | Management Committee - Morgan 
Stanley SV SA (Spain) (2000-2003) | Executive Director at Morgan 
Stanley International (2001-2003) | Board Member - Banco Chemical 
Finance (1998-1999) | Member of the Executive Committee - Banco 
Chemical Finance (1998-1999) | Managing Director - private banking 
division of Banco Pinto & Sotto Mayor (1996-1999) | Managing Director 
private banking division of Banco Totta & Açores (now Bank Santander 
Portugal) (1998-1999 | Chairman of the Board - M.C. Geste - Asset 
Management Company (now Santander Gest SGP) (1997-1999) | Private 
banking director - Millennium BCP (1987-1996)

--- Page 249 ---
- 241 - 
 
 
EDP Historic 
Appointments 
General and Supervisory Board Member, in representation of China Three 
Gorges (Portugal), Sociedade Unipessoal, Lda., since April 2021 
Current External 
Appointments 
Chairman and CEO - Atlantic SGOIC, S.A. (since 2005) | Board Member 
- Liminorke S.A. (since 2009) | Member – Oporto Municipal Assembly 
(since 2009) and Chairman (2014-2021) 
Full name 
Felipe Fernández Fernández (representing DRAURSA, S.A.) 
Status 
Non-independent 
Position 
General and Supervisory Board Member 
Committees 
Remuneration Committee Member | USA Business Affairs Monitoring 
Committee Member 
Skills and Experience 
Degree in Administrative and Economic Sciences – Bilbao University 
(1975) | Professor of Business and Economic Faculty – Oviedo University 
(1984-1990) | Director of Economics and Regional Planning - Principality 
of Asturias (1984-1990) | Counsellor of Organisation of the Territory and 
Housing – Principality of Asturias (1990-1991) | Counsellor of 
countryside and fishing - Principality of Asturias (1991-1993) | Manager 
on several companies on in numerous fields  
EDP Historic 
Appointments 
General and Supervisory Board Member in representation of Cajastur 
Inversiones S.A., (February 2012 - April 2015) | General and Supervisory 
Board Member, in representation of DRAURSA, S.A., since April 2018 
(re-elected in April 2021)  
Current External 
Appointments 
Board of Director Member – Unicaja Banco (since 2011) | Chairman of 
Board of Directors - Lico Leasing (since 2017) | Executive Commission 
Member - Lico Leasing (since 2018) | Board of Director Member - Tudela 
Veguín (since 2011) | Masaveu Inmobiliaria (2014) | Cimento Verde do 
Brasil (since 2014) | Board of Directors Member – Molecular Oncology 
Medicine Institute of Asturias (since 2014) 
Full name 
Fernando María Masaveu Herrero 
Status 
Non-independent 
Position 
General and Supervisory Board Member 
Committees 
Corporate Governance and Sustainability Committee Member 
Skills and Experience 
Law Degree – Navarra University (1992) | Chairman on several 
companies of Masaveu Group in numerous fields such as energy, finance, 
transport, environment and real state, among others. 
EDP Historic 
Appointments 
General and Supervisory Board Member, since February 2012 (re-elected 
in April 2015,April 2018 and April 2021) 
Current External 
Appointments 
Chairman - Masaveu Corporation | Chairman - Cementos Tudela Veguín 
| Chairman of the Board – Oppidum Capital | Chairman of the American 
companies - Masaveu Real Estate US Delaware LLC, Oppidum 
Renewables USA Inc. and Oppidum Green Energy USA LLC | Board 
Member – American Cement Advisors Inc. | Board Member – EGEO 
Internacional and EGEO, SGPS | Board Member – EDP España | Joint 
Manager – Flicka Forestal | Board Member - Bankinter | Executive 
Committee Member - Bankinter | Remuneration Committee Member – 
Bankinter | Board Member - Línea Directa Aseguradora | Chairman - 
Maria Cristina Masaveu Peterson Foundation | Chairman - San Ignacio de 
Loyola Foundation | Trustee – Princess Asturias Foundation | Delegate

--- Page 250 ---
- 242 - 
 
 
Committee Member – Princess of Asturias Foundation | Assets Committee 
Member – Princess of Asturias – Foundation | Member of the International 
Council – MET, New York | International Trustee – Friends of the Prado 
Museum Association 
Full name 
João Carvalho das Neves 
Status 
Independent 
Position 
General and Supervisory Board Member 
Committees 
Remuneration Committee Member | Financial Matters Committee/Audit 
Committee Chairman  
Skills and Experience 
Ph. D. in Business Administration - Manchester Business School 
Manchester University (1992) | Master in Management/MBA – ISEG – 
Institute of Economics and Management (1985) | Bachelor in Business 
Administration – ISEG Institute of Economics and Management - Lisbon 
University (1981) | Finance and Control - IMD (1986) | Management 
Control - HEC Paris (1987) | International Finance - INSEAD (1987) | 
Leadership - Kennedy Harvard Government School (2009) | Leadership 
Development Programme - Creative Leadership Center (2010) | Coaching 
for Performance - London Business School (2010) | Diploma in Advanced 
Mindfulness and Emotional Intelligence Teachers Training (2017) - 
Search Inside Yourself – Leadership Institute (SIYLI) in San Francisco | 
Professional designations: Certified accountant (1981) | Statutory Auditor 
(since 1995 and suspended since 2022) | FRICS - Fellow of Royal 
Institution of Chartered Surveyors (2008) | Recognised European Valuer 
(2018) and Recognised Business Valuer (2021) by TEGoVA | Certified 
Teacher of MBSR by the University of California San Diego Center for 
Mindfulness Professional Training Institute (2016) | Vice-President of 
ISEG School Council (2021-2022) | Head of Scientific Area of Finance of 
ISEG (2020-2022) |  Independent non-executive board member - 
Montepio - Valor SGOIC (2017-2022) Member of the Board - ERES 
European Real Estate Society (2019-2021) | President of Central 
Administration of the Portuguese Health System (2011-2014) | Chairman 
of the Management Department – ISEG (2010-2011) | Board Member - 
BPN (2008) | CEO and CFO - SLN (2008-2009 | Chairman of the 
Management Department - ISEG (2007-2008) | Partner and Statutory 
Auditor - Neves, Azevedo Rodrigues e Batalha, SROC (1995-2008) | 
Judicial Manager of Torralta (1993-1998); Casino Hotel de Tróia (1994-
1995); TVI (1997-1998) | Associate Consultant - Coopers & Lybrand 
(1992-1993) | General Manager - CIFAG/IPE (1987-2002) | Trainer and 
General Director - CIFAG/IPE (1985-1987) | Executive Deputy 
Controller - Cometna SA (1981-1985) |  
EDP Historic 
Appointments 
Independent General and Supervisory Board Member since April 2015 
(re-elected in April 2018 and April 2021). 
Current External 
Appointments 
Board Member (CFO) – Montepio Geral – Associação Mutualista (since 
2022) | Member of Valuation Professional Group - RICS Portugal (since 
2020) | Member of the European Business Valuation Standards Board - 
TEGoVA (since 2020) | Mentor of Mindfulness Center of the University 
of California at San Diego (since 2021) 
Full name 
María del Carmen Fernández Rozado 
Status 
Independent 
Position 
General and Supervisory Board Member

--- Page 251 ---
- 243 - 
 
 
Committees 
Financial Matters Committee/Audit Committee Member | Corporate 
Governance and Sustainability Committee Member 
Skills and Experience 
Degree in Economics and Business Administration and Political Sciences 
and Sociology - Complutense University of Madrid (1978) | State Tax 
Inspector (1984) | Account Auditor (1988) | Chief-Inspector in Spanish 
Ministry of Economy and Finance (1985-1986) | Deputy Head of the State 
Tax Inspection Office (1987- 1996) | Head of the State Tax Inspection 
Office (1996-1999) | PhD in Public Finance - Complutense University of 
Madrid (1998) | President of the Task Force for Renewable Energies, 
Sustainability and Carbon Markets - ARIAE (1999-2011) | PADE 
Management Program MBA - IESE Business School (2004-2005) | 
Member of the Advisory Board - Ernst & Young (2012-2013) 
EDP Historic 
Appointments 
Independent General and Supervisory Board Member since April 2015 
(re-elected in April 2018 and April 2021) 
Current External 
Appointments 
Member of Audit Committee – ACS Group (since 2017) | Member of the 
executive committee – ACS group (since 2020) | Member of the 
Appointment Committee – ACS Group | Member of the Board – ACS 
Group (since 2017) | Member of the board – Primafrio SL. (since 2021 
Full name 
Laurie Lee Fitch 
Status 
Independent 
Position 
General and Supervisory Board Member 
Committees 
Corporate Governance and Sustainability Committee Member | USA 
Business Affairs Monitoring Committee Member 
Skills and Experience  
B.A. in Arabic - American University (1991) | M.A. - Georgetown 
University's School of Foreign Service (1994) | Assistant Vice-President 
- Bank of New York (1994-2000) | Equity Analysis - Schroders plc (1999-
1900) | Equity Analysis - UBS Warburg (2000-2002) | Manager investing 
in the global utilities, infrastructures, and industrials sectors - TIAA-
CREF (2002-2006) | Analyst and Portfolio Manager - Artisan Partners 
(2006-2011) | Co-Head of Morgan Stanley's Global Industrials Group 
(2012-2016) | Partner at PJT Partners (since 2016) Chairman of the 
Remuneration Committee and member of the safety and risk Committee - 
Enquest PLC (2018-2021). 
EDP Historic 
Appointments 
General and Supervisory Board Member since April 2018 (re-elected in 
April 2021) 
Current External 
Appointments 
Member of both Audit and Finance & Operations Audit sub-committees - 
Tate Board of Trustees (since 2015) | Trustee of The American University 
in Cairo (since 2019) | Chair of the University's Center for Contemporary 
Arab Studies | Partner at the investment banking firm PJT Partners (since 
2016)  
Full name 
Esmeralda da Silva Santos Dourado 
Status 
Independent 
Position 
General and Supervisory Board Member 
Committees 
Remuneration Committee Member | USA Business Affairs Monitoring 
Committee Member 
Skills and Experience 
Degree in Chemical Industry Engineering – Instituto Superior Técnico 
(1975) | Advanced Corporate Finance - Harvard University (1985) |

--- Page 252 ---
- 244 - 
 
 
Responsible for Industrial area and New Business Development (1978) | 
Vice-President and Chief Corporate Banking Head - Citibank (1985 – 
1990) | Board Member Banco Fonsecas & Burnay | Board Member - 
União de Bancos Portugueses | Boards Member - lnterbanco (currently 
Banco Santander Consumer Portugal) | CEO - SAG SGPS SA Portugal 
(2000-2009) | Chairwoman - SAG SGPS SA Brazil (2000-2009) | 
PARTAC SGPS SA – Chairwoman (2012-2018) | Non-Executive Board 
Member and Member of the Investment Committee - BCP Capital SA 
(2013-2020) | Chairwoman - PNCB - Bank Credit Restructuring Platform, 
A.C.E. (2018-2020) | CEO - FAE - Forum de Administradores e Gestores 
de Empresas (2007-2013) | Member of Executive Committee - EMCE - 
Mission Structure for Company Capitalization (2015-2017) | President of 
Supervisory Board - Fundação Luso-Brasileira (2005) | Member of 
General Council - IPCG - Instituto Português de Corporate Governance 
(2010) | CEO - AMC - Associação Missão Crescimento (2013-2015) | 
Member of the General Council - Universidade de Coimbra (2017-2020) 
| Non-Executive Board Member and Audit Committee Chairwoman – 
TAP SGPS SA (2017-2021) 
EDP Historic 
Appointments 
General and Supervisory Board Member since April 2021 
Current External 
Appointments  
Supervisory Member Board - Mystic Invest Holding SA (since 2018) | 
Chairwoman Advisory Board ACTIVE CAP – Capital Partners, SA (since 
2021) 
Full name 
Helena Sofia Silva Borges Salgado Fonseca Cerveira Pinto 
Status 
Independent 
Position 
General and Supervisory Board Member 
Committees 
Financial Matters Committee/Audit Committee Member | USA Business 
Affairs Monitoring Committee Member 
Skills and Experience 
PhD in Business Studies - Warwick University (UK) | MSc and BSc in 
Management - Universidade Católica Portuguesa | High Potentials 
Leadership Program Certificate - Harvard (2012) | International Directors 
Programme – INSEAD (2019) | Professor - Católica Porto Business 
School (2013 – 2020) | Hospitality and Entertainment Industry | Author of 
a book, book chapters, articles and opinion articles. 
EDP Historic 
Appointments 
General and Supervisory Board Member since April 2021 
Current External 
Appointments 
Independent Board Member - Mota-Engil SGPS (since April 2018) | 
President of the Fiscal Board - Media Capital, SA (since November 2020) 
| Member of the EQUIS Board - EFMD (since 2019) | Member of the 
International Advisory Board of 2 international Business Schools in UK 
(since 2019) and France (since 2020) | Member - Porto Coordination 
Group of ACEGE (Association of Christian Managers) (since 2013) | 
Member - Diocesan Commission for the Interreligious Dialogue (since 
2020) | Non-executive member of the board at Fundação AEP (since 
March 2022) 
Full name 
Sandrine Dixson-Declève 
Status 
Independent 
Position 
General and Supervisory Board Member

--- Page 253 ---
- 245 - 
 
 
Committees 
Corporate Governance and Sustainability Committee Member  
Skills and Experience 
Co-founder - Women Enablers Change Agent Network (since 2017) | 
Chief Partnership Officer - UN Agency Sustainable Energy for All (2016-
2017) | Director - Prince of Wales's Corporate Leaders Group (2009-2016) 
| EU office - Cambridge Institute for Sustainability Leadership (2009-
2016) | Executive Director - Green Growth Platform (2013-2016) | 
Advising - HRH The Prince of Wales (2009-2016) | Advising - Members 
of the European Parliament, European Commission Presidents, 
Commissioners and officials, Governments in Asia, Africa and the Middle 
East, international organisations (OPEC, ADB, OECD, UNEP, USAID, 
UNFCCC, IEA) and business leaders of large international, European and 
African companies (1990-ongoing) | Vice Chair - European Biofuels 
Technology Platform (2008-2016) | Board member - We Mean Business 
(2014-2016) | Member – The Guardian's Sustainable Business Advisory 
Board (2014-2016) | Member of Sustainability Advisory Board - Oil and 
Gas major Sasol (2007-2010) | Published articles, book chapters and given 
presentations on green growth and competitiveness, innovation, low 
carbon energy solutions, climate change, sustainable development, 
transport, conventional and alternative fuel quality legislation as well as 
on trade & environment (1990-ongoing) 
EDP Historic 
Appointments 
General and Supervisory Board Member since April 2021 
Current External 
Appointments  
Co-President – The Club of Rome (2018-ongoing) | Chair and Expert 
Group on Economic and Societal Impact of Research & Innovation – 
European Commission (2020-ongoing) | Assembly Member - Climate 
Mitigation & Adaptation Mission (2019-2020) | TEG Sustainable Finance 
Taxonomy and Sustainable Finance Platform (since 2018) | Food Summit 
Action Track 5 Resilience - United Nations (2020-2021) | Senior 
Associate and faculty Member - Cambridge Institute for Sustainability 
Leadership (since 2016) | Senior Associate - E3G (since 2017) | 
Ambassador:  - Energy Transition Commission (since 2018) and WEALL 
(since 2020) | Advisory Boards: Climate KIC (since 2018), BMW (since 
2020), UCB (since 2020), Leonardo Centre on Business for Society - 
Imperial College London (since 2022), Laudes Foundation (since 2021), 
IEEP (since 2020) 
Full name 
Zili Shao 
Status 
Independent 
Position 
General and Supervisory Board Member 
Committees 
Remuneration Committee Member 
Skills and Experience 
Bachelor of Laws - China University of Political Science and Law (1980–
1984) | LLM - University of Melbourne (1988–1991) | Citic Group, 
Beijing (1984-1986) | Solicitor - Mallesons Stephen Jaques, Melbourne 
(1990–1994) | Partner - Allens Arthur Robinson, Sydney (1995-1998) | 
Partner - Linklaters LLP; Managing Partner of Asia Pacific; Member of 
Global Management Committee (1998 –2009) | Chairman & CEO - J.P. 
Morgan China (2010–2014) | Vice Chairman - J.P. Morgan Asia Pacific 
(2014–2015) | Co-Chairman and partner - King & Wood Mallesons, China 
(2015–2017) | Qualified lawyer - PRC, UK, HK and Australia. 
EDP Historic 
Appointments 
Independent General and Supervisory Board Member since April 2021

--- Page 254 ---
- 246 - 
 
 
Current External 
Appointments 
Independent Director - Bank of Montreal (China) Limited, subsidiary 
bank of BMO Financial Group (since December 2016) | Independent 
Director - Yum China Holdings, Inc., listed in New York and Hong Kong 
Stock Exchanges (since October 2016) | Founder and Chairman - 
MountVue Capital Management Co. Ltd (since 2017) | Senior Advisor - 
Fangda Partners, a leading PRC law firm (since June 2017) | Advisory 
Board Member - Ares SSG Capital Management (since April 2019) 
Full name 
Luís Maria Viana Palha da Silva 
Status 
Independent 
Position 
General and Supervisory Board Member 
Committees 
- 
Skills and Experience 
Degree in Economics - Higher Institute of Economics (1978) | Degree in 
Management – Portuguese Catholic University (1981) | CFO – Covina – 
Companhia Vidreira Nacional, S.A.R.L (1987-1991) | Member of the 
Board of Directors - IPE – Investimentos e Participações Empresariais, 
SGPS, S.A. (1991) | Secretary of State for Trade (1991-1995) | CFO – 
CIMPOR – Cimentos de Portugal, SGPS, S.A. (1997-2001) | CFO and 
CEO – Jerónimo Martins (2001-2011), Advanced Management Program 
– University of Pennsylvania (2005) | Vice-Chairman of the Board of 
Directors - Galp Energia, SGPS, S.A. (2012-2015) | Member of the Board 
of Directors - Oi, S.A. (2015-2018) | Chairman of the Board - AEM – 
Associação dos Emitentes Portuguese (2013-2014) | Non-executive 
Member of the Board of Directors - NYSE Euronext (2011-2016) | 
Member of the Audit Committee - NYSE Euronext (2013-2014) | 
Chairman - APETRO – Associação Portuguesa de Empresas Petrolíferas 
(2012-2015). 
EDP Historic 
Appointments 
General and Supervisory Board Member since April 2019 (re-apointed in 
April 2021) | Chairman of the Board of the General Shareholders' Meeting 
of EDP since April 2019 (re-apointed in April 2021). 
Current External 
Appointments  
Pharol, SGPS, S.A. - Chairman of the Board of Directors and CEO (since 
2015) | Bratel B.V. (since 2015) | Bratel S.à.r.l. - Director (since 2018) | 
Nutrinveste, SGPS, S.A. - Non-executive Board Member (since 2018) | 
Oi, S.A. - Member of the Board of Directors (since 2015) | Forum para a 
Competitividade - Chairman of the Audit Committee of (since 2015). 
 
Financial Matters Committee / Audit Committee 
The Financial Matters Committee/Audit Committee is made up of 3 independent members with the 
appropriate qualifications and experience, including at least one member with a degree in the area of the 
committee's duties and specific knowledge of auditing and accounting. 
In accordance with the articles of association and internal regulations of the Financial Matters 
Committee/Audit Committee and under the applicable law, this Committee is assigned the following 
general powers, by delegation of the General and Supervisory Board: 
 
financial matters and accounting practices; 
 
internal audit practices and procedures; 
 
the internal mechanisms and procedures of the Internal Control System for Financial Reporting; 
 
matters relating to the risk management and control system; 
 
the activities and mechanisms of the compliance management system;

--- Page 255 ---
- 247 - 
 
 
 
the activity and independence of the Statutory Auditor / Order of the Official Chartered 
Accountants of EDP; and 
 
the systems for assessing and resolving conflict of interests, particularly with regard to EDP's 
relations with shareholders. 
The membership, role and functioning of the Financial Matters Committee/Audit Committee are in line 
with the EC Recommendation of 15 February 2005 (2005/162/EC), supplemented by the EC 
Recommendation of 30 April 2009 (2009/385/EC) as well as the recommendations provided for by the 
Corporate Governance Code of the Portuguese Institute for Corporate Governance. 
In view of its duties, the Financial Matters Committee/Audit Committee held sixteen meetings in 2021, as 
envisaged in its activity plan. The main matters addressed in those meetings were: the interim information 
and Reports and Accounts for the financial year, the internal audit, internal control over financial reporting, 
risk management and compliance management systems, internal audit recommendations and internal 
control over financial reporting non-conformities and ongoing investments. 
Remuneration Committee 
The Remuneration Committee is made up of members of the General and Supervisory Board with the 
appropriate qualifications and experience, all of whom are independent from the managing body. This 
committee always has at least one representative present at the AGSM. 
In accordance with the Internal Regulations of the Remuneration Committee, this Committee is assigned 
the following general powers: 
 
to prepare and propose the policy and corporate objectives regarding the Chairman and Members 
of the Executive Board of Directors remuneration determination; 
 
set the Chairman of the Executive Board of Directors and Directors' remuneration; 
 
monitor and assess the performance of the Chairman of the Board of Directors and directors for 
purposes of determining variable remuneration; and 
 
monitor the dissemination of external information on remuneration and the Executive Board of 
Directors remuneration policy. 
According to the articles of association, the Remuneration Committee of the General and Supervisory 
Board must submit a proposal for the remuneration policy of the members of the Executive Board of 
Directors to be approved at the general shareholders' meeting, at least every four years and whenever there 
is a relevant change in the remuneration policy in force. 
The Remuneration Committee held four meetings during 2021. The main topic discussed was the new 
remuneration policy for the Executive Board of Directors. 
Corporate Governance and Sustainability Committee 
The Corporate Governance and Sustainability Committee is made up of members of the General and 
Supervisory Board, the majority of whom are independent, with the appropriate qualifications and 
experience for their duties. 
The Corporate Governance and Sustainability Committee is a specialised committee of the General and 
Supervisory Board. Its purpose is to monitor and supervise, on a permanent basis, all matters related with 
the following: 
 
corporate governance; 
 
sustainability in all its dimensions; 
 
internal codes of ethics and conduct;

--- Page 256 ---
- 248 - 
 
 
 
systems for evaluating and resolving conflicts of interest in relations between EDP and its 
shareholders, through the analysis of the proposals for remedies regarding situations reported to 
this Committee by the Financial Matters Committee / Audit Committee; 
 
internal proceedings and relationship between EDP and Subsidiary or Group companies and their 
employees, clients, providers and remaining stakeholders; 
 
succession plans; and 
 
the evaluation process of the General Supervisory Board and the different specialised committees. 
In the scope of its responsibilities, the Corporate Governance and Sustainability Committee supports the 
activity of the General and Supervisory Board in the continuous assessment of the management, as well as 
of the performance of the General and Supervisory Board itself. Based on the work of the Corporate 
Governance and Sustainability Committee, the General and Supervisory Board annually carries out the 
above mentioned assessments, which conclusions are included in the annual report of the General and 
Supervisory Board and presented to the shareholders at the AGSM. 
Another two very important activities carried out by the Corporate Governance and Sustainability 
Committee are the monitoring of the corporate governance practices adopted by EDP and the management 
of human resources and succession plans. 
The functioning of the Corporate Governance and Sustainability Committee is governed by an internal 
regulation approved by the General and Supervisory Board. 
This committee held five meetings during 2021, in compliance with its specific duties. The following topics 
were discussed: ethics and integrity in EDP's daily corporate life and EDP's compliance with environment, 
social and governance matters. 
USA Business Affairs Monitoring Committee 
The USA Business Affairs Monitoring Committee is elected by the General and Supervisory Board and 
composed by a majority of independent members, never less than five, with the qualifications and 
experience to adequately perform their duties. 
The USA Business Affairs Monitoring Committee was incorporated on 16 March 2020 and is responsible 
for monitoring and assessing the activity undertaken by companies wholly or majority held by and/or 
subsidiaries of the Group in the United States, namely regarding: 
 
the strategic/business plans, assessing the different developing scenarios in which they rest and 
their implementation, including the resources necessary to its execution (human and financial); 
 
the annual budget; 
 
the investment, divestment, merger, acquisition and restructuring projects of significant value 
businesses; 
 
financing transactions; 
 
alliances /strategic partnerships entered into and the specific actions deriving therefrom, and 
evolution of counterpart risks; 
 
the issuance of prior opinion including in cases of urgency following the requests presented by the 
Executive Board of Directors; 
 
the compliance of the assumed commitments regarding public safety; and 
 
performance, risk assessment, value at risk and the respective management. 
The committee is also responsible for defining compliance procedures on the obligations assumed by EDP 
regarding the development of EDPR's business with respect to the General and Supervisory Board activity.

--- Page 257 ---
- 249 - 
 
 
In 2021, the USA Business Affairs Monitoring Committee held eight meetings. The following topics were 
discussed: regulatory strategy in the United States of America, logistic bottlenecks in the supply chain and 
talent and talent management in the United States of America. 
Executive Officers 
EDP has 21 executive officers in charge of various business and administrative departments which report 
directly to the Executive Board of Directors. Selected information for the executive officers in charge of 
EDP's principal business activities is set forth below: 
Name 
Year of Birth 
Year of 
Appointment 
Position 
Support to Governance Area 
Rita Ferreira de Almeida ...........................................  
1977 
2021 
Company Secretary and Head of the 
General 
Secretariat 
and 
Legal 
Department 
Mónica Gameiro .......................................................  
1984 
2022 
Chief of Staff of the Chairman of the 
Executive Board 
Azucena Viñuela Hernández ....................................  
1965 
2006 
Head of Internal Audit Department 
Rita Sousa .................................................................  
1974 
2019 
Head of Compliance Department 
Maria Manuela Silva .................................................  
1955 
2018 
Ethics Ombudsman  
Martim Salgado .........................................................  
1984 
2021 
Head of Social Impact Coordination 
Office 
Strategic and Financial Area 
Jorge Casillas ............................................................  
1974 
2021 
Head 
of 
Energy 
Planning 
Department 
André Fernandes .......................................................  
1982 
2022 
Head 
of 
Business 
Analysis 
Department 
João Pedro Summavielle ...........................................  
1973 
2021 
Head of Financial Management 
Department 
Félix Arribas Arias ....................................................  
1967 
2022 
Head 
of 
Consolidation, 
IFRS 
Reporting 
Global 
Coordination 
Department 
Rui Antunes ...............................................................  
1978 
2021 
Head of Planning and Control 
Department 
Miguel Viana.............................................................  
1972 
2006 
Head 
of 
Investor 
Relations 
Department 
Risk and Sustainability Area 
Miguel Viana.............................................................  
1959 
2021 
Head of Sustainability Department 
Rui Eustáquio ............................................................  
1980 
2021 
Head 
of 
Risk 
Management 
Department 
Miguel Dias Amaro...................................................  
1967 
2021 
Head of Safety, Security and 
Business Continuity Unit 
Regulation and Institutional Relations Area 
Sandra Pinto Ferreira ................................................  
1973 
2021 
Head of Regulation and Markets 
Department 
Ricardo Ferreira ........................................................  
1971 
2018 
Head of Studies and Competition 
Department 
Maria Marta Geraldes ...............................................  
1983 
2022 
Head of Institutional Relations and 
Stakeholders Department 
Resources Area 
 
 
 
Paula Carneiro ...........................................................  
1967 
2021 
Head of People and Organisational 
Development Global Unit  
João Nascimento .......................................................  
1971 
2021 
Head 
of 
Digital 
Global 
Unit 
Department 
Communication and Brand Area 
Rui Cabrita ................................................................  
1965 
2021 
Head 
of 
Communication 
Department 
Catarina Barradas ......................................................  
1974 
2021 
Head of Brand Department 
Business Units 
Pedro Neves Ferreira.................................................  
1975 
2019 
Head 
of 
Energy 
Management 
Business Unit 
 
The business address of each member of the Executive Board of Directors and each executive officer of 
EDP is Avenida 24 de Julho, 12, 1249 - 300 Lisbon, Portugal. The business address of each member of the 
General and Supervisory Board is Avenida 24 de Julho, 12, 1249 - 300 Lisbon, Portugal.

--- Page 258 ---
- 250 - 
 
 
Conflicts of Interest 
According to the information provided to EDP, the members of the Executive Board of Directors, the 
General and Supervisory Board and the executive officers of EDP do not have any conflicts, or any potential 
conflicts, between their duties to EDP and their private interests or other duties.

--- Page 259 ---
- 251 - 
 
 
FINANCIAL STATEMENTS OF THE EDP GROUP 
The following financial information as of and for the six months ended 30 June 2022 and 30 June 2021 
which appears below has been derived from EDP's unaudited consolidated financial statements for the six 
months ended 30 June 2022 prepared in accordance with IAS 34 "Interim Financial Reporting" ("IAS 34") 
as adopted by the EU and which is included in this Base Prospectus. 
The selected consolidated financial information as of and for the financial years ended 31 December 2021 
and 2020 which appears below has been derived from EDP's audited consolidated financial statements for 
the financial years ended 31 December 2021 and 2020 prepared in accordance with International Financial 
Reporting Standards ("IFRS") as adopted by the EU and included elsewhere in this Base Prospectus. 
Consolidated Income Statements 
 
Six-month period ended 30 
June 
Year ended 31 December 
Thousand Euros 
2022 
2021(*) 
2021 
2020 
 
Unaudited 
 
Revenues from energy sales and services and other ....... 
10,166,643 
6,083,249 
14,982,909 
12,448,205 
Cost of energy sales and other ......................................... 
-7,256,529 
-3,630,395 
-10,148,018 
-7,356,487 
 
2,910,114 
2,452,854 
4,834,891 
5,091,718 
Other income .................................................................... 
341,265 
338,815 
1,023,988 
1,077,689 
Supplies and services ....................................................... 
-492,294 
-408,126 
-888,954 
-856,519 
Personnel costs and employee benefits ........................... 
-379,218 
-332,828 
-666,459 
-667,313 
Other expenses ................................................................. 
-453,283 
-379,322 
-655,694 
-635,180 
Impairment losses on trade receivables and debtors ....... 
-28,776 
-12,521 
-32,828 
-63,690 
 
-1,012,306 
-793,982 
-1,219,947 
-1,145,013 
Joint ventures and associates ........................................... 
96,220 
33,292 
108,106 
3,257 
 
1,994,028 
1,692,164 
3,723,050 
3,949,962 
Provisions ......................................................................... 
-2,845 
-3,664 
-60,510 
-112,093 
Amortisation and impairment(**) ................................... 
-799,592 
-722,311 
-1,731,755 
-1,631,831 
 
1,191,591 
966,189 
1,930,785 
2,206,038 
Financial income .............................................................. 
369,855 
172,925 
364,883 
226,702 
Financial expenses ........................................................... 
-754,408 
-427,201 
-875,816 
-897,326 
Profit before income tax and CESE ............................. 
807,038 
711,913 
1,419,852 
1,535,414 
Income tax expense .......................................................... 
-143,866 
-162,683 
-261,892 
-309,112 
Extraordinary contribution to the energy sector (CESE)  
-50,491 
-51,599 
-53,314 
-65,109 
 
-194,357 
-214,282 
-315,206 
-374,221 
Net profit for the period ............................................. 
612,681 
497,631 
1,104,646 
1,161,193 
Attributable to: 
 
 
 
 
Equity holders of EDP ............................................ 
306,485 
343,316 
656,717 
800,692 
Non-controlling Interests ....................................... 
306,196 
154,315 
447,929 
360,501 
Net profit for the period ............................................. 
612,681 
497,631 
1,104,646 
1,161,193 
Earnings per share (Basic and Diluted) – Euros....... 
0.08 
0.09 
0.17 
0.21 
 _______________  
* 
Includes restatement originated by changing the classification of the Social Tariff Costs as described in note 2a) 
 
**  
In the consolidated financial statements for the six months ended 30 June 2022, this corresponds to "Depreciation, amortisation and impairment"

--- Page 260 ---
- 252 - 
 
 
Consolidated Statements of Financial Position 
 
As at 30 June 
As at 31 December 
Thousand Euros 
2022 
2021(*) 
2020 (**) 
 
Unaudited 
 
 
Assets 
 
 
 
Property, plant and equipment .................................................... 
23,238,888 
21,099,241 
20,390,294 
Right-of-use assets ...................................................................... 
1,151,058 
1,007,029 
1,030,193 
Intangible assets .......................................................................... 
4,965,648 
4,915,025 
4,998,235 
Goodwill ...................................................................................... 
2,876,517 
2,379,386 
2,335,964 
Investments in joint ventures and associates .............................. 
1,516,571 
1,350,445 
940,362 
Equity instruments at fair value .................................................. 
209,693 
189,942 
184,748 
Investment property ..................................................................... 
29,450 
20,668 
21,378 
Deferred tax assets ....................................................................... 
1,865,866 
1,509,092 
1,206,603 
Debtors and other assets from commercial activities ................. 
3,181,951 
2,668,506 
2,747,012 
Other debtors and other assets ..................................................... 
2,077,695 
1,841,147 
1,020,788 
Non-Current tax assets ................................................................ 
121,568 
173,846 
251,770 
Collateral deposits associated to financial debt .......................... 
24,060 
23,397 
22,848 
Total Non-Current Assets ..................................................... 
41,258,965 
37,020,192 
35,150,195 
Inventories ................................................................................... 
964,673 
733,381 
323,945 
Debtors and other assets from commercial activities ................. 
4,998,187 
5,928,004 
3,545,611 
Other debtors and other assets ..................................................... 
5,104,888 
2,810,855 
851,594 
Current tax assets ......................................................................... 
645,680 
551,842 
414,302 
Collateral deposits associated to financial debt .......................... 
25,263 
26,678 
9,221 
Cash and cash equivalents ........................................................... 
3,060,381 
3,222,409 
2,954,302 
Non-Current Assets held for sale ................................................ 
626,623 
700,791 
22,248 
Total Current Assets ................................................................ 
15,425,695 
13,973,960 
8,121,223 
Total Assets ............................................................................. 
56,684,660 
50,994,152 
43,271,418 
Equity 
 
 
 
Share capital ................................................................................ 
3,965,681 
3,965,681 
3,965,681 
Treasury stock ............................................................................. 
-51,288 
-52,660 
-54,025 
Share premium ............................................................................ 
1,196,522 
1,196,522 
1,196,522 
Reserves and retained earnings ................................................... 
2,280,382 
3,556,549 
3,673,785 
Consolidated net profit attributable to equity holders of EDP ... 
306,485 
656,717 
800,692 
Total Equity attributable to equity holders of EDP ................. 
7,697,782 
9,322,809 
9,582,655 
Non-controlling Interests ............................................................. 
4,979,152 
4,654,756 
3,488,321 
Total Equity ............................................................................ 
12,676,934 
13,977,565 
13,070,976 
Liabilities 
 
 
 
Financial debt .............................................................................. 
17,492,295 
15,299,588 
14,023,940 
Employee benefits ....................................................................... 
783,049 
940,266 
1,138,237 
Provisions .................................................................................... 
1,028,411 
976,588 
994,105 
Deferred tax liabilities ................................................................. 
1,168,358 
989,078 
871,242 
Institutional partnerships in North America ............................... 
2,338,966 
2,259,741 
1,933,542 
Trade payables and other liabilities from commercial activities  
2,271,348 
1,806,925 
1,702,005 
Other liabilities and other payables ............................................. 
5,284,426 
3,039,975 
1,739,448 
Non-current tax liabilities ............................................................ 
167,212 
124,362 
122,743 
Total Non-Current Liabilities............................................... 
30,534,065 
25,436,523 
22,525,262 
Financial debt .............................................................................. 
1,707,284 
1,518,348 
2,262,823 
Employee benefits ....................................................................... 
167,508 
179,534 
204,067 
Provisions .................................................................................... 
80,042 
110,319 
260,154 
Trade payables and other liabilities from commercial activities  
5,497,171 
6,320,011 
3,952,213 
Other liabilities and other payables ............................................. 
5,275,139 
2,781,101 
597,178 
Current tax liabilities ................................................................... 
697,356 
582,686 
398,634 
Non-Current Liabilities held for sale .......................................... 
49,161 
88,065 
111 
Total Current Liabilities .......................................................... 
13,473,661 
11,580,064 
7,675,180 
Total Liabilities ...................................................................... 
44,007,726 
37,016,587 
30,200,442 
Total Equity and Liabilities .................................................. 
56,684,660 
50,994,152 
43,271,418 
 _______________  
* 
Includes the restatement originated by the change in the classification of Green Certificates as described in note 2a) of EDP's H1 report for the for the six months ended 30 
June 2022 
** 
Includes the restatement arising from the change of the fair value of the identifiable assets and liabilities in the acquisition of Viesgo as described in note 2a) of EDP's annual 
report for the year ended 31 December 2021

--- Page 261 ---
- 253 - 
 
 
Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows 
 
As at 30 June 
As at 31 December 
Thousand Euros 
2022 
2021 
2021 
2020 
 
Unaudited 
 
Operating activities 
 
 
 
 
Profit before income tax and CESE ................................  
807,038 
711,913 
1,419,852 
1,535,414 
Adjustments for: 
 
 
 
 
Amortisation and impairment ............................................  
799,592 
722,311 
1,731,755 
1,631,831 
Provisions ...........................................................................  
2,845 
3,664 
60,510 
112,093 
Joint ventures and associates ..............................................  
-96,220 
-33,292 
-108,106 
-3,257 
Financial (income)/expenses ..............................................  
384,553 
722,311 
510,933 
670,624 
(Gains) / Losses on disposal and scope effects except 
Asset Rotations ...............................................................  
- 
 
- 
- 
-234,818 
Changes in working capital: 
 
 
 
 
Trade and other receivables................................................  
391,505 
-42,611 
-1,267,111 
5,928 
Trade and other payables ....................................................  
-243,934 
-30,758 
785,560 
16,411 
Personnel ............................................................................  
-135,161 
-133,031 
-170,055 
-101,616 
Regulatory assets ................................................................  
677,704 
-339,836 
906,892 
-47,293 
Other changes in assets/liabilities related with operating 
activities ..........................................................................  
-641,283 
 
-483,666 
-1,184,865 
-523,418 
Income tax and CESE ............................................................  
-20,946 
-2,478 
-89,845 
-172,788 
Net cash flows from operations ...................................  
1,925,693 
626,491 
2,595,519 
2,889,111 
Net (gains) / losses with Asset Rotation ................................  
-99,048 
-118,347 
-575,610 
-433,900 
Net cash flows from operating activities .....................  
1,826,645 
508,144 
2,019,909 
2,455,211 
Investing activities 
 
 
 
 
Cash receipts relating to: 
 
 
 
 
Sale of assets/subsidiaries with loss of control ..................  
625,538 
238,856 
763,279 
3,835,863 
Other financial assets and investments ..............................  
16,753 
68,159 
110,545 
130,227 
Changes in cash resulting from consolidation perimeter 
variations .........................................................................  
166,465 
 
4,622 
5,847 
85,579 
Property, plant and equipment and intangible assets .........  
5,694 
18,873 
98,322 
12,484 
Other receipts relating to tangible fixed assets ..................  
6,587 
4,984 
12,234 
6,683 
Interest and similar income ................................................  
36,328 
8,462 
22,996 
26,940 
Dividends ............................................................................  
30,723 
31,236 
53,468 
48,478 
Loans to related parties ......................................................  
252,161 
517,169 
628,556 
326,071 
1,140,249 
892,361 
1,695,247 
4,472,325 
Cash payments relating to: 
 
 
 
 
Acquisition of assets/subsidiaries ......................................  
-995,656 
-67,385 
-98,381 
-1,097,339 
Other financial assets and investments ..............................  
-496,819 
-365,748 
-507,926 
-431,182 
Changes in cash resulting from consolidation perimeter 
variations .........................................................................  
-37,572 
 
-10,392 
-26,865 
-38,825 
Property, plant and equipment and intangible assets .........  
-1,611,118 
-2,041,522 
-3,351,506 
-2,409,812 
Loans to related parties ......................................................  
-627,344 
-346,716 
-488,519 
-780,652 
 
-3,768,509 
-2,831,763 
-4,473,197 
-4,757,810 
Net cash flows from investing activities ......................  
-2,628,260 
-1,939,402 
-2,777,950 
-285,485 
Financing activities 
 
 
 
 
Receipts relating to financial debt (include Collateral 
Deposits) .............................................................................  
2,742,672 
 
1,598,039 
3,080,716 
5,927,683 
(Payments) relating to financial debt (include Collateral 
Deposits) .............................................................................  
-968,508 
 
-1,839,302 
-2,649,517 
-6,463,566 
Interest and similar costs of financial debt including hedge 
derivatives ...........................................................................  
-349,739 
 
-260,326 
-481,329 
-570,155 
Receipts/(payments) relating to loans from non-controlling 
interests ...............................................................................  
241,147 
 
-35,939 
-53,679 
216,858 
Interest and similar costs relating to loans from non-
controlling interests ............................................................  
-8,246 
 
-9,231 
-18,244 
-9,831 
Governmental grants received ...............................................  
- 
- 
- 
37 
Share capital increases/(decreases) (includes subscribed by 
non-controlling interests) ...................................................  
-56,533 
 
1,415,106 
920,598 
Receipts/(payments) relating to derivative financial 
instruments .........................................................................  
-50,376 
 
1,452,074 
10,317 
12,776 
Dividends paid to equity holders of EDP ..............................  
-749,802 
17,835 
-749,763 
-690,739 
Dividends paid to non-controlling interests ..........................  
-164,441 
-749,763 
-135,058 
-112,001 
Treasury stock sold/(purchased) ............................................  
-982 
-113,303 
1,365 
7,195 
Receipts/(payments) related with transactions with non-
controlling interest without change of control ...................  
- 
 
- 
- 
-1,007 
Lease (payments) ...................................................................  
-59,039 
-48,462 
-98,772 
-80,364 
Receipts/(payments) from institutional partnerships in 
North America ....................................................................  
-42,222 
 
-36,911 
692,164 
248,728 
Net cash flows from financing activities .....................  
533,931 
-23,445 
1,013,306 
-593,788 
Changes in cash and cash equivalents ...................................  
-267,684 
-1,454,703 
255,265 
1,575,938 
Effect of exchange rate fluctuations on cash held .................  
103,845 
39,858 
28,023 
-170,198

--- Page 262 ---
- 254 - 
 
 
 
As at 30 June 
As at 31 December 
Thousand Euros 
2022 
2021 
2021 
2020 
Cash and cash equivalents reclassified as held for sale .........  
1,811 
-8,262 
-15,181 
5,840 
Cash and cash equivalents at the beginning of the period .....  
3,222,409 
2,954,302 
2,954,302 
1,542,722 
Cash and cash equivalents at the end of the period .........  
3,060,381 
1,531,195 
3,222,409 
2,954,302

--- Page 263 ---
- 255 - 
 
 
EDP FINANCE B.V. 
INCORPORATION, DURATION AND DOMICILE 
EDP Finance B.V. (hereinafter "EDP B.V."), a wholly-owned subsidiary of EDP, is incorporated under 
Dutch law as a private company with limited liability (besloten vennootschap met beperkte 
aansprakelijkheid) in Amsterdam, the Netherlands, on 1 October 1999 for an unlimited period of time. 
EDP B.V. has its registered office at Luna ArenA, Herikerbergweg 130, 1101 CM Amsterdam, the 
Netherlands (telephone number +31 (0)20 575 56 00) and its statutory seat is in Amsterdam, the 
Netherlands. EDP B.V. is registered in the Commercial Register of the Chamber of Commerce under file 
number 34121496. 
OBJECTS AND ACTIVITIES 
The main objects of EDP B.V. are to assist EDP and the EDP Group in raising funds in the international 
markets and to provide financial and investment services to group companies. 
SHARE CAPITAL 
The authorised share capital of EDP B.V. consists of 80,000 shares of €100 each, of which 20,000 shares 
have been issued and fully paid up. 
MANAGEMENT 
The management of EDP B.V. is conducted by a management board that may consist of one or more 
members. Members of the management board are elected by a general meeting of the shareholders of EDP 
B.V. and may be recalled from this position at any time. 
The current management board is composed of three members: EDP, Djonie Maria Angela Spreeuwers and 
TMF Netherlands B.V. Details of the directors of EDP can be found in "Management of EDP". 
The details of the individual directors of EDP B.V. are as follows: 
Name 
Year of Birth 
Position 
Elected 
Djonie Maria Angela Spreeuwers  
1983 
Director 
2022 
 
TMF Netherlands B.V. may be represented by: 
(i) 
any two managing directors acting jointly; 
(ii) 
any proxy holder A acting jointly with a managing director or a proxy holder A or a proxy holder 
B; or 
(iii) 
any proxy holder B acting jointly with a managing director or a proxy holder A. 
Full details of all appointed managing directors, proxy holders A and proxy holders B can be found in the 
register entry for TMF Netherlands B.V. in the Commercial Register of the Chamber of Commerce under 
file number 33126512. 
The contact address for the managing directors, proxy holders A and proxy holders B of TMF Netherlands 
B.V. (including the individual directors of EDP B.V.) is Luna ArenA, Herikerbergweg 130, 1101 CM 
Amsterdam, the Netherlands (telephone number: +31 (0)20 575 56 00). 
EDP B.V. may be legally represented by the entire management board, being EDP, Ms. Spreeuwers and 
TMF Netherlands B.V., acting jointly, or by two members of the management board acting jointly. 
The principal outside activity of Ms. Spreeuwers is as an employee of TMF Netherlands B.V., a global 
entity management company established in the Netherlands in 1970 whose principal outside activities are 
the provision of corporate secretarial and administrative services to businesses, companies and other forms 
of enterprises.

--- Page 264 ---
- 256 - 
 
 
For details of the outside activities of EDP please see "EDP and the EDP Group" above. 
CONFLICTS OF INTEREST 
The members of the management board of EDP B.V. do not have any conflicts, or any potential conflicts, 
between their duties to EDP B.V. and their private interests or other duties. 
ANNUAL GENERAL MEETING OF THE SHAREHOLDERS 
The annual general meeting of shareholders must be held in Amsterdam, the Netherlands, within six months 
following the end of each fiscal year. Each outstanding share is entitled to one vote. 
FINANCIAL STATEMENTS AND DISTRIBUTION OF PROFITS 
EDP B.V.'s fiscal year coincides with the calendar year. The annual general meeting of the shareholders 
shall determine the allocation of the accrued profits. 
The following financial information is derived from the audited financial statements of EDP B.V. for the 
years ended 31 December 2021 and 31 December 2020, prepared in accordance with the IFRS as adopted 
by the EU and incorporated by reference in this Base Prospectus, and from the unaudited and unreviewed 
financial statements of EDP B.V. for the six month period ended 30 June 2022, prepared in accordance 
with IAS 34 "Interim Financial Reporting" ("IAS 34") as adopted by the EU, and which are incorporated 
by reference in this Base Prospectus.

--- Page 265 ---
- 257 - 
 
 
Company Income Statement 
 
Six Month Period Ended 30 
June 2022 
Year Ended 31 
December 
Thousand Euros 
2022 
2021 
2021 
2020 
 
Unaudited and unreviewed 
 
Interest income ................................................................................ 
132,192 
129,488 
277,579 
367,986 
Interest expenses ............................................................................. 
-116,835 
-128,566 
-257,484 
-350,267 
Net interest income / (expenses) .............................................. 
15,357 
922 
20,095 
17,719 
Net other financial income and expenses ....................................... 
-7,207 
-4,157 
-5,250 
-8,269 
Net financial income / (expenses) ........................................... 
8,150 
-3,235 
14,845 
9,450 
Other operating income / (expenses) .............................................. 
 
 
 
 
Services rendered ........................................................................ 
213 
234 
379 
730 
Supplies and services .................................................................. 
-630 
-798 
-1,282 
-2,232 
Personnel costs ............................................................................ 
-68 
-65 
-123 
-33 
Profit / (Loss) before income tax ............................................. 
7,665 
-3,864 
13,819 
7,915 
Income tax (expense) / benefit ........................................................ 
-1,956 
954 
-3,346 
-1,962 
Net profit for the period ............................................................... 
5,709 
-2,910 
10,473 
5,953 
 
Company Statement of Financial Position 
 
Six Months 
ended 30 June 
2022 
Year ended 31 December 
Thousands of Euros 
2021 
2020 
 
Unaudited and 
unreviewed 
 
Assets 
 
 
 
Loans to and receivables from group entities ............................. 
8,685,712 
6,701,666 
7,869,205 
Derivative financial instruments ................................................. 
44,035 
18,766 
45,762 
Deferred tax assets ....................................................................... 
2,331 
2,331 
3,536 
Total Non-Current Assets ..................................................... 
8,732,078 
6,722,763 
7,918,503 
Loans to and receivables from group entities ............................. 
165,473 
1,923,350 
2,547,644 
Derivative financial instruments ................................................. 
24,027 
83,107 
58,175 
Debtors and other assets .............................................................. 
217 
429 
1,245 
Tax receivable ............................................................................. 
1,306 
129 
129 
Cash and cash equivalents ........................................................... 
1,078,380 
661,138 
827,730 
Total Current Assets ................................................................ 
1,269,403 
2,668,153 
3,434,923 
Total Assets ............................................................................. 
10,001,481 
9,390,916 
11,353,426 
Equity 
 
 
 
Share capital ................................................................................ 
2,000 
2,000 
2,000 
Share premium ............................................................................ 
11,980 
11,980 
11,980 
Reserves and retained earnings ................................................... 
113,536 
105,546 
98,531 
Profit / (loss) for the period ......................................................... 
5,709 
10,473 
5,953 
Total Equity ................................................................................... 
133,225 
129,999 
118,464 
Liabilities 
 
 
 
Debt securities ............................................................................. 
8,315,856 
7,564,386 
8,638,300 
Loans and credit facilities from third parties .............................. 
409,513 
191,862 
174,425 
Derivative financial instruments ................................................. 
80,950 
- 
3,974 
Total Non-Current Liabilities............................................... 
8,806,319 
7,756,248 
8,816,699 
Debt securities ............................................................................. 
886,967 
1,326,775 
1,371,961 
Loans and credit facilities from third parties .............................. 
108,647 
1,206 
156,249 
Loans from group entities ........................................................... 
17,777 
- 
771,529 
Amounts owed on commercial paper .......................................... 
- 
140,000 
118,000 
Derivative financial instruments ................................................. 
46,090 
33,373 
185 
Trade and other liabilities ............................................................ 
500 
673 
42 
Tax payable ................................................................................. 
1,956 
2,642 
297 
Total Current Liabilities .......................................................... 
1,061,937 
1,504,669 
2,418,263 
Total Liabilities ........................................................................ 
9,868,256 
9,260,917 
11,234,962 
Total Equity and Liabilities .................................................. 
10,001,481 
9,390,916 
11,353,426

--- Page 266 ---
- 258 - 
 
 
Company Statement of Cash Flows 
 
Six Months Ended 30 June 
Year Ended 31 December 
 
2022 
2021 
2021 
2020 
 
Unaudited and unreviewed 
 
Cash flows from operating activities 
 
 
 
 
Profit/(Loss) for the period ........................................ 
5,709 
-2,910 
10,473 
5,953 
Adjustments for: 
 
 
 
 
Net interest income / (expense) ................................ 
-15,357 
-922 
-20,095 
-17,719 
Net other financial income and expenses ................. 
-553,387 
18,088 
171,058 
77,631 
Tax income ............................................................... 
1,956 
-954 
3,346 
1,962 
 
-561,078 
13,302 
164,782 
67,827 
Changes in: 
 
 
 
 
Loans to and receivables from group entities .............. 
551,331 
1,003,846 
1,807,678 
2,737,128 
Debtors and other assets ............................................... 
-383 
996 
804 
-559 
Amounts owed on commercial paper ........................... 
-140,000 
452,000 
22,000 
-140,000 
Loans from group entities ............................................ 
17,547 
- 
-674,900 
-333,186 
Trade and other payables .............................................. 
423 
326 
642 
-48 
 
-132,160 
1,470,470 
1,321,006 
2,331,162 
Interest received ........................................................... 
58,179 
31,258 
148,269 
294,391 
Interest paid .................................................................. 
-112,290 
-157,637 
-231,782 
-371,294 
Tax received / (paid)..................................................... 
-2,991 
- 
-150 
3,643 
Net cash generated from / (used in) operating 
activities ................................................................ 
-189,263 
 
1,344,091 
1,237,343 
2,257,902 
Cash flows from financing activities 
 
 
 
 
Proceeds from issued debt securities ........................... 
1,250,000 
- 
- 
729,927 
Redemption of debt securities ...................................... 
-1,006,850 
-1,218,608 
-1,218,608 
-1,723,129 
Proceeds of loans and credit facilities from third 
parties ........................................................................ 
300,559 
 
44,601 
- 
-907,364 
Redemption of loans and credit facilities from third 
parties ........................................................................ 
- 
 
- 
-155,822 
- 
Net cash flow from financing activities ................. 
543,709 
-1,174,006 
-1,374,430 
-1,900,566 
Net increase / (decrease) in cash and cash 
equivalents ................................................................... 
354,446 
 
170,084 
-137,087 
357,336 
Cash and cash equivalents at the beginning of the year .. 
661,138 
827,730 
827,730 
468,594 
Effect of exchange rate fluctuations on cash and cash 
equivalents held ............................................................ 
62,796 
 
24,708 
-29,505 
1,800 
Cash and cash equivalents at the end of the period ... 
1,078,380 
1,022,523 
661,138 
827,730

--- Page 267 ---
- 259 - 
 
 
TAXATION 
The following is a general description of certain Dutch and Portuguese tax considerations relating to the 
Instruments. It does not purport to be a complete analysis of all tax considerations relating to the 
Instruments. Prospective purchasers of Instruments should consult their tax advisers as to the consequences 
under the tax laws of the country in which they are resident for tax purposes and the tax laws of the 
Netherlands and/or Portugal of acquiring, holding and disposing of Instruments and receiving payments of 
interest, principal and/or other amounts under the Instruments. This summary is based upon the law as in 
effect on the date of this Base Prospectus and is subject to any change in law that may take effect after such 
date. 
Portugal 
The following is a general summary of the Issuers' understanding of current law and practice in Portugal as 
in effect as at the date of this Base Prospectus in relation to certain current relevant aspects of the 
Instruments to Portuguese taxation and is subject to changes in such laws, including changes that could 
have a retroactive effect. The following summary is intended as a general guide only and is not exhaustive. 
It is not intended to be, nor should it be considered to be, legal or tax advice to any Beneficial Owner of 
Instruments. It does not take into account or discuss the tax laws of any country other than Portugal and 
relates only to the position of persons who are the absolute beneficial owners of Instruments. Prospective 
investors are advised to consult their own tax advisers as to the Portuguese or other tax consequences 
resulting from the purchase, ownership and disposition of Instruments, including the effect of any state or 
local taxes, under the tax laws of Portugal and each country where they are resident, or are deemed to be 
resident. 
The reference to "interest", "other investment income" and "capital gains" in the paragraphs below 
means "interest", "other investment income" and "capital gains" as understood in Portuguese tax law. 
The statements below do not take into account any different definitions of "interest", "other investment 
income" or "capital gains" which may prevail under any other law or which may be created by the 
Conditions of the Instruments or any related documentation. 
The summary below in relation to Instruments issued by EDP B.V. and by EDP assumes that such 
Instruments would be treated by the Portuguese tax authorities as corporate bonds (obrigações) as defined 
under Portuguese law. If the Portuguese tax authorities do not treat the Instruments as obrigações, no 
assurance can be given that the same tax regime will apply. 
Instruments issued by EDP B.V. 
Interest and other investment income obtained by Portuguese resident individuals on Instruments issued by 
EDP B.V. are subject to individual income tax. If the payment of interest or other types of investment 
income is made available to Portuguese resident individuals through a Portuguese resident entity or a 
Portuguese branch of a non-resident entity, withholding tax applies at a rate of 28 per cent., which is the 
final tax on that income unless the individual elects to aggregate it to his taxable income, subject it to tax 
at progressive rates varying from 14.5 per cent. up to 48 per cent. In the latter circumstance, a solidarity 
surcharge is due on the part of the taxable income exceeding €80,000 as follows: (i) 2.5 per cent. on the 
part of the taxable income exceeding €80,000 up to €250,000 and (ii) 5 per cent. on the taxable income 
exceeding €250,000 (if any). Also, in case the individual elected to aggregate the interest and other 
investment income, the tax withheld is deemed a payment on account of the final tax due. Interest and other 
investment income paid or made available (colocado à disposição) to accounts in the name of one or more 
accountholders acting on behalf of undisclosed entities is subject to a final withholding tax at a rate of 35 
per cent., unless the beneficial owner of the income is disclosed, in which case the general rules will apply. 
If the interest and other investment income on the Instruments is not received through an entity located in 
Portugal, it is not subject to Portuguese withholding tax, but an autonomous taxation rate of 28 per cent. 
will apply unless an option for aggregation is made, subject to the aforementioned progressive tax rates and 
a solidarity surcharge. 
Gains obtained with the repayment of Instruments are classified as capital gains for Portuguese tax 
purposes. 
Capital gains obtained by Portuguese resident individuals on the repayment or transfer of the Instruments 
are taxed at a rate of 28 per cent. levied on the positive difference between the capital gains and capital

--- Page 268 ---
- 260 - 
 
 
losses realised on the transfer of securities and derivatives of each year, which is the final tax on that income, 
unless the individual elects to aggregate it to his taxable income, subjecting it to tax at progressive rates of 
up to 48 per cent. In the latter circumstance, a solidarity surcharge is due on the part of the taxable income 
exceeding €80,000 as follows: (i) 2.5 per cent. on the part of the taxable income exceeding €80,000 and up 
to €250,000 and (ii) 5 per cent. on the taxable income exceeding €250,000 (if any). Accrued interest 
qualifies as interest for tax purposes. From 1 January 2023 onwards, the positive balance between capital 
gains and capital losses arising from the transfer for consideration of shares and other securities, which 
includes gains obtained on the disposal or the refund of Instruments, is mandatorily included in the annual 
taxable income and taxed at progressive rates if the assets have been held for less than 365 days and the 
taxable income of the taxpayer, including the balance of the capital gains and capital losses, amounts to or 
exceeds EUR 75,009. 
Interest and other investment income derived from the Instruments and capital gains obtained with the 
transfer of the Instruments by legal persons resident for tax purposes in mainland Portugal and by non-
resident legal persons with a permanent establishment therein to which the income or gains are attributable 
are included in their taxable profits and are subject to Corporate Income Tax at a 21 per cent. tax rate (a 17 
per cent. rate is applicable to the first €25,000 of taxable income obtained by small and medium sized 
companies, as defined in the annex of Decree-Law no. 372/2007, of 6 November), to which a municipal 
surcharge (derrama municipal) of up to 1.5 per cent. of their taxable income may be added. A state 
surcharge (derrama estadual) also applies at 3 per cent. on taxable profits in excess of €1,500,000 and up 
to €7,500,000, 5 per cent. on taxable profits in excess of €7,500,000 and up to €35,000,000, and 9 per cent. 
on taxable profits in excess of €35,000,000. 
The acquisition of Instruments through gift or inheritance by a legal person resident in mainland Portugal 
or non-resident legal person acting through a permanent establishment therein is subject to Corporate 
Income Tax at a 21 per cent. tax rate (a 17 per cent. rate is applicable to the first €25,000 of taxable income 
obtained by small and medium sized companies, as defined in the annex of Decree-Law no. 372/2007, of 6 
November), to which a municipal surcharge (derrama municipal) of up to 1.5 per cent. of their taxable 
income may be added. A state surcharge (derrama estadual) also applies at 3 per cent. on taxable profits in 
excess of €1,500,000 and up to €7,500,000, 5 per cent. on taxable profits in excess of €7,500,000 and up to 
€35,000,000, and 9 per cent. on taxable profits in excess of €35,000,000. 
Interest and other investment income paid or made available (colocado à disposição) to accounts in the 
name of one or more account holders acting on behalf of undisclosed entities is subject to a final 
withholding tax at 35 per cent. unless the beneficial owner of the income is disclosed, in which case the 
general rules will apply. 
There is neither wealth nor estate tax in Portugal. 
Payments made by EDP B.V. of interest, other investment income or principal on Instruments issued by it 
to an individual or legal person non-resident in Portugal for tax purposes without a permanent establishment 
to which such income may be attributable are not subject to Portuguese income tax. 
Capital gains obtained on the transfer of an Instrument by an individual or a legal person who is neither 
resident nor engaged in business through a permanent establishment in Portugal to which that gain is 
attributable are not subject to Portuguese income tax. 
Instruments issued by EDP not integrated in a centralised control system foreseen under Decree-Law 
no. 193/2005, of 7 November 2005 
Interest and other types of investment income obtained on Instruments by a Portuguese resident individual 
are subject to individual income tax. If the payment of interest or other investment income is made available 
to individuals resident in mainland Portugal, withholding tax applies at a rate of 28 per cent., which is the 
final tax on that income unless the individual elects to aggregate it to his taxable income, subjecting it to 
tax at progressive rates of up to 48 per cent. In the latter circumstance, a solidarity surcharge is due on the 
part of the taxable income exceeding €80,000 as follows: (i) 2.5 per cent. on the part of the taxable income 
exceeding €80,000 and up to €250,000 and (ii) 5 per cent. on the taxable income exceeding €250,000 (if 
any). Also, in case the individual elects to aggregate the interest and other investment, the tax withheld is 
deemed a payment on account of the final tax due.

--- Page 269 ---
- 261 - 
 
 
Interest and other investment income paid or made available (colocado à disposição) to accounts in the 
name of one or more accountholders acting on behalf of undisclosed entities is subject to a final withholding 
tax at 35 per cent. unless the beneficial owner of the income is disclosed, in which case the general rules 
will apply. 
In the case of Zero Coupon Instruments, the difference between the redemption value and the subscription 
cost is qualified as investment income and is also subject to Portuguese income tax. 
Gains obtained with the repayment of Instruments are classified as capital gains for Portuguese tax 
purposes. 
Capital gains obtained by individuals resident in mainland Portugal on the repayment or transfer of 
Instruments are taxed at a rate of 28 per cent. levied on the positive difference between the capital gains 
and capital losses realised on the transfer of securities and derivatives of each year, which is the final tax 
on that income, unless the individual elects to aggregate it to his taxable income, subjecting it to tax at 
progressive rates of up to 48 per cent. In the latter circumstance, a solidarity surcharge is due on the part of 
the taxable income exceeding €80,000 as follows: (i) 2.5 per cent. on the part of the taxable income 
exceeding €80,000 and up to €250,000 and (ii) 5 per cent. on the taxable income exceeding €250,000 (if 
any). Accrued interest qualifies as interest for tax purposes. From 1 January 2023 onwards, the positive 
balance between capital gains and capital losses arising from the transfer for consideration of shares and 
other securities, which includes gains obtained on the disposal or the refund of Instruments, is mandatorily 
included in the annual taxable income and taxed at progressive rates if the assets have been held for less 
than 365 days and the taxable income of the taxpayer, including the balance of the capital gains and capital 
losses, amounts to or exceeds EUR 75,009. 
Interest and other investment income derived from Instruments and capital gains obtained with the 
repayment or transfer of Instruments by legal persons resident for tax purposes in mainland Portugal and 
by non-resident legal persons with a permanent establishment therein to which the income or gains are 
attributable are included in their taxable income and are subject to Corporate Income Tax at a 21 per cent. 
tax rate (a 17 per cent. rate is applicable to the first €25,000 of taxable income obtained by small and 
medium sized companies, as defined in the annex of Decree-Law no. 372/2007, of 6 November), to which 
a municipal surcharge (derrama municipal) of up to 1.5 per cent. of its taxable income may be added. A 
state surcharge (derrama estadual) also applies at 3 per cent. on taxable profits in excess of €1,500,000, 5 
per cent. on taxable profits in excess of €7,500,000 and up to €35,000,000, and at 9 per cent. on taxable 
profits in excess of €35,000,000.Withholding tax at a rate of 25 per cent. applies on interest and other 
investment income, which is deemed a payment on account of the final tax due. Financial institutions 
subject to Portuguese corporate income tax (including branches of foreign financial institutions located in 
Portugal), and inter alia pension funds, retirement savings funds, venture capital funds and collective 
investment undertakings constituted under the laws of Portugal are not subject to withholding tax. 
Interest and other types of investment income obtained by non-resident legal persons without a Portuguese 
permanent establishment to which the income is attributable is subject to withholding tax at a rate of 25 per 
cent., which is the final tax on that income. Interest and other types of investment income obtained by non-
resident individuals without a Portuguese permanent establishment to which the income is attributable is 
subject to withholding tax at a rate of 28 per cent., which is the final tax on that income. The rate is 35 per 
cent. in the case of individuals or legal persons domiciled in a country, territory or region included in the 
"tax havens" list approved by Ministerial order no. 150/2004, of 13 February, as amended from time to 
time. Interest and other investment income paid or made available (colocado à disposição) to accounts in 
the name of one or more accountholders acting on behalf of undisclosed entities is subject to a final 
withholding tax of 35 per cent. unless the beneficial owner of the income is disclosed, in which case the 
general rules will apply. 
Under the tax treaties entered into by Portugal which are in full force and effect as of the date of this Base 
Prospectus, the withholding tax rate may be reduced to 15, 12, 10 or 5 per cent., depending on the applicable 
treaty and provided that the relevant formalities (including certification of residence by the tax authorities 
of the beneficial owners of the interest and other investment income) are met. The reduction may apply at 
source or through the refund of the excess tax. The forms currently applicable for these purposes were 
approved and are available for viewing and downloading at www.portaldasfinancas.gov.pt. 
Income paid to an associated company of EDP which is resident in the EU is exempt from withholding tax.

--- Page 270 ---
- 262 - 
 
 
For these purposes, an associated company of EDP is: 
(i) 
a company which is subject to one of the taxes on profits listed in Article 3(a)(iii) of Council 
Directive 2003/49/EC without being exempt, which takes one of the forms listed in the Annex to 
that Directive, which is considered to be resident in an EU Member State and is not, within the 
meaning of a double taxation convention on income concluded with a third state, considered to be 
resident for tax purposes outside the EU; 
(ii) 
a company which holds a minimum direct holding of 25 per cent. of EDP's share capital, or a 
company whose share capital is directly held at least by 25 per cent. by EDP, or a company whose 
share capital is directly held at least 25 per cent. by a third company which also directly holds at 
least 25 per cent. of the share capital of EDP; and 
(iii) 
provided that the holding has been maintained for an uninterrupted period of at least two years, if 
the minimum holding period is met after the date the withholding tax becomes due, a refund may 
be obtained. 
The associated company of EDP to which payments are made must be the beneficial owner of the interest, 
which will be the case if it receives the interest for its own account and not as an intermediary, either as a 
representative, a trustee or authorised signatory, for some other person  and shall comply with formalities 
and procedures required under Portuguese law to benefit from such EU withholding tax exemption. 
The exemption from withholding tax may take place at source or through the refund of tax withheld. The 
forms currently applicable for these purposes are available for viewing and downloading at 
www.portaldasfinancas.gov.pt.  
Capital gains obtained on the repayment or transfer of Instruments by non-resident individuals without a 
permanent establishment in Portugal to which gains are attributable are exempt from Portuguese capital 
gains taxation unless the beneficial owner is resident in a country, territory or region subject to a clearly 
more favourable tax regime included in the "low tax jurisdictions" list approved by Ministerial order 
(Portaria) no. 150/2004, of 13 February (Lista dos países, territórios e regiōes com regimes de tributaçāo 
privilegiada, claramente mais favoráveis) amended from time to time. If the exemption does not apply, the 
gains will be subject to personal income tax at a rate of 28 per cent. However, under the tax treaties entered 
into by Portugal, such gains are usually not subject to Portuguese tax, but the applicable rules should be 
confirmed on a case-by-case basis. Accrued interest does not qualify as capital gains for tax purposes. 
Capital gains obtained on the repayment or disposal of Instruments by a legal person non-resident in 
Portugal for tax purposes and without a permanent establishment in Portugal to which gains are attributable 
are exempt from Portuguese capital gains taxation, unless the share capital of the beneficial owner is more 
than 25 per cent. directly or indirectly held by Portuguese resident entities or if the beneficial owner is 
resident in a country, territory or region subject to a clearly more favourable tax regime included in the 
"low tax jurisdictions" list approved by Ministerial order (Portaria) no. 150/2004, of 13 February (Lista 
dos países, territórios e regiões com regimes de tributação privilegiada, claramente mais favoráveis) as 
amended. For the first exception the capital gains are still exempt if the following requirements are 
cumulatively met: (i) the beneficial owner is resident in an EU Member State, in an European Economic 
Area Member State which is bound to cooperate with Portugal under an administrative cooperation 
arrangement in tax matters similar to the exchange of information schemes in relation to tax matters existing 
within the EU Member States, or in a country with which Portugal has a double tax treaty in force which 
foresees the exchange of information; (ii) the beneficial owner is subject and not exempt from a tax referred 
to in article 2 of Council Directive 2011/96/UE of 30 November 2011, or from a tax of similar nature with 
a rate not lower than 60 per cent. of the Portuguese IRC rate (currently 12.6 per cent.); (iii) the beneficial 
owner holds, directly or indirectly, at least 10 per cent. of the share capital or voting rights for at least 1 
year uninterruptedly of the entity disposed; (iv) the beneficial owner is not part of an arrangement or series 
of arrangements which have been put into place for the main purpose or one of the main purposes of 
obtaining a tax advantage. If the exemption does not apply, the gains will be subject to corporate income 
tax at a rate of 25 per cent. However, under the tax treaties entered into by Portugal, such gains are usually 
not subject to Portuguese tax, but the applicable rules should be confirmed on a case-by-case basis. 
Stamp Duty at a rate of 10 per cent. applies to the acquisition through gift or inheritance of Instruments by 
an individual who is resident for tax purposes in Portugal. An exemption applies to transfers in favour of 
the spouse, de facto spouse, descendants and parents/grandparents. The acquisition of Instruments through

--- Page 271 ---
- 263 - 
 
 
gift or inheritance by a legal person resident in mainland Portugal or a non-resident legal person acting 
through a permanent establishment therein is subject to Corporate Income Tax at a 21 per cent. tax rate (a 
17 per cent. rate is applicable to the first €25,000 of taxable income obtained by small and medium sized 
companies, as defined in the annex of Decree-Law no. 372/2007, of 6 November), to which a municipal 
surcharge (derrama municipal) of up to 1.5 per cent. of its taxable income may be added. A state surcharge 
(derrama estadual) also applies at 3 per cent. on taxable profits in excess of €1,500,000 and up to 
€7,500,000, 5 per cent. on taxable profits in excess of €7,500,000 and up to €35,000,000, and 9 per cent. 
on taxable profits in excess of €35,000,000. 
No Stamp Duty applies to the acquisition through gift and inheritance of Instruments by an individual who 
is not resident for tax purposes in Portugal. The acquisition of Instruments through gift or inheritance by a 
non-resident legal person is subject to corporate income tax at a rate of 25 per cent. However, under the tax 
treaties entered into by Portugal, such gains are usually not subject to Portuguese tax, but the applicable 
rules should be confirmed on a case-by-case basis. 
There is neither wealth nor estate tax in Portugal. 
Instruments issued by EDP integrated in a centralised control system foreseen under Decree-Law no. 
193/2005, of 7 November 2005 
The regime described above under "Instruments issued by EDP not integrated in a centralised control 
system foreseen under Decree-Law no. 193/2005, of 7 November 2005" corresponds to the general tax 
treatment of investment income and capital gains on Instruments issued by a Portuguese corporate entity 
and to the acquisition through gift or inheritance of such Instruments. 
Nevertheless, pursuant to the Special Tax Regime for Debt Securities, approved by Decree-Law no. 
193/2005, of 7 November 2005, as amended from time to time (hereafter "the special regime approved 
by Decree-Law no. 193/2005"), investment income paid on, as well as capital gains derived from, a sale, 
repayment or other disposition of the Instruments, to non-Portuguese resident beneficial owners will be 
exempt from Portuguese income tax provided the debt securities are integrated in (i) a centralised system 
for securities managed by an entity resident for tax purposes in Portugal (such as the CVM managed by 
Interbolsa), or (ii) an international clearing system operated by a managing entity established in a member 
state of the EU other than Portugal (e.g. Euroclear or Clearstream, Luxembourg) or in a European Economic 
Area Member State provided, in this case, that such State is bound to cooperate with Portugal under an 
administrative cooperation arrangement in tax matters similar to the exchange of information schemes in 
relation to tax matters existing within the EU Member States, or (iii) integrated in other centralised systems 
not covered above provided that, in this last case, the Portuguese government authorises the application 
of the Decree-Law no.193/2005, and the beneficiaries are: 
(i) 
central banks or governmental agencies; or 
(ii) 
international bodies recognised by the Portuguese Republic; or 
(iii) 
entities resident in countries or jurisdictions with whom Portugal has in force a double tax treaty 
or a tax information exchange agreement; or 
(iv) 
other entities without headquarters, effective management or a permanent establishment in the 
Portuguese territory to which the relevant income is attributable and which are not domiciled in a 
blacklisted jurisdiction as set out in the Ministerial order no. 150/2004, of 13 February, as amended  
from time to time. 
For purposes of application at source of this tax exemption regime, Decree-Law no.193/2005 requires 
completion of certain procedures and the provision of certain information. Under these procedures (which 
are aimed at verifying the non-resident status of the holder), the beneficial owner is required to hold the 
Instruments through an account with one of the following entities: 
(i) 
a direct registered entity, which is the entity with which the debt securities accounts that are 
integrated in the centralised system are opened; 
(ii) 
an indirect registered entity, which, although not assuming the role of the "direct registered 
entities", is a client of the latter; or

--- Page 272 ---
- 264 - 
 
 
(iii) 
an international clearing system, which is an entity that proceeds, in the international market, to 
clear, settle or transfer securities which are integrated in centralised systems or in their own 
registration systems. 
The special regime approved by Decree-Law no. 193/2005 sets out the detailed rules and procedures to be 
followed on the proof of non-residence by the beneficial owners of the Instruments to which it applies. 
Under these rules, the direct register entity is required to obtain and retain proof, in the form described 
below, that the beneficial owner is a non-resident entity that is entitled to the exemption. As a general rule, 
the proof of non-residence should be provided to, and received by, the direct register entities prior to the 
relevant date for payment of any interest, or the redemption date (for Zero Coupon Instruments), and, in 
the case of domestically cleared Instruments, prior to the transfer of Instruments, as the case may be. 
The following is a general description of the rules and procedures on the proof required for the exemption 
to apply at source, as they stand on the date of this Base Prospectus. 
(a) 
Domestically Cleared Instruments 
The beneficial owner of Instruments must provide proof of non-residence in Portuguese territory 
substantially in the terms set forth below: 
(i) 
If a holder of Instruments is a central bank, a public law entity or agency or an international 
organisation recognised by the Portuguese state, a declaration of tax residence issued by 
the holder of Instruments, duly signed and authenticated or proof pursuant to the terms of 
paragraph (iv) below. 
(ii) 
If the beneficial owner of Instruments is a credit institution, a financial company, pension 
fund or an insurance company domiciled in any OECD country or in a country with which 
Portugal has entered into a double taxation treaty and is subject to a special supervision 
regime or administrative registration, certification shall be made by means of the following: 
(A) its tax identification; or (B) a certificate issued by the entity responsible for such 
supervision or registration confirming the legal existence of the holder of Instruments and 
its domicile; or (C) proof of non-residence, pursuant to the terms of paragraph (iv) below. 
(iii) 
If the beneficial owner of Instruments is either an investment fund or other type of 
collective investment undertaking domiciled in any OECD country or any country or 
jurisdiction with which Portugal has entered into a double tax treaty or a tax information 
exchange agreement in force, certification shall be provided by means of any of the 
following documents: (A) declaration issued by the entity which is responsible for its 
registration or supervision or by the tax authorities, confirming its legal existence and the 
law of incorporation and domicile; or (B) proof of non-residence pursuant to the terms of 
paragraph (iv) below. 
(iv) 
In any other case, confirmation must be made by way of: (A) a certificate of residence or 
equivalent document issued by the relevant tax authorities or; (B) a document issued by 
the relevant Portuguese consulate certifying residence abroad; or (C) a document 
specifically issued by an official entity of the public administration (either central, regional 
or peripheral, indirect or autonomous) of the relevant country certifying the residence. For 
these purposes, an identification document such as a passport or an identity card or 
document by means of which it is only indirectly possible to assume the relevant tax 
residence (such as a work or permanent residency permit) is not acceptable. There are 
rules on the authenticity and validity of the documents, in particular that the holder of 
Instruments must provide an original or a certified copy of the residence certificate or 
equivalent document. This document must be issued up to until three months after the date 
on which the withholding tax would have been applied and will be valid for a three-year 
period starting on the date such document is issued. 
In the cases referred to in paragraphs (i), (ii) and (iii) above, proof of non-residence is required 
only once, the beneficial owner having to inform the register entity of any changes that impact the 
entitlement to the exemption. The holder of Instruments must inform the register entity 
immediately of any change that may preclude the tax exemption from applying.

--- Page 273 ---
- 265 - 
 
 
(b) 
Internationally Cleared Instruments 
If the Instruments are registered in an account with an international clearing system, prior to the 
relevant date for payment of any interest or the redemption date (for Zero Coupon Instruments), 
the entity managing such system is to provide to the direct register entity or its representative the 
identification and number of securities, as well as the amount of income payable and, when 
applicable, the amount of tax to be withheld, itemised by type of beneficial owner, as follows: 
(i) 
Entities with residence, headquarters, effective management or permanent establishment 
in the Portuguese territory to which the income is attributable which are not exempt from 
tax and are subject to withholding tax; 
(ii) 
Entities which have residence, headquarters, effective management or permanent 
establishment in a country, territory or region subject to a clearly more favourable tax 
regime included in the list approved by Ministerial order no. 150/2004, of 13 February, as 
amended from time to time, which are not exempt from tax and are subject to withholding 
tax; 
(iii) 
Entities with residence, headquarters, effective management or permanent establishment 
in the Portuguese territory to which the income is attributable which are exempt from tax 
or not subject to withholding tax; and 
(iv) 
Other entities which do not have residence, headquarters, effective management or 
permanent establishment to which the income would be attributable in the Portuguese 
territory. 
In addition, the international clearing system managing entity is to provide to the direct register 
entity, in relation to each income payment, at least the following information concerning each of 
the beneficiaries mentioned in (i), (ii) and (iii) above: name and address, tax identification number, 
if applicable, identification of the securities held and amount thereof and amount of income. 
No Portuguese exemption shall apply at source under the special regime approved by Decree-law 
no. 193/2005 if the above rules and procedures are not followed. Accordingly, the general 
Portuguese tax provisions shall apply as described above. 
If the conditions for an exemption to apply are met, but, due to inaccurate or insufficient 
information, tax is withheld, a special refund procedure is available under the regime approved by 
Decree-law no. 193/2005. The refund claim is to be submitted to the direct register entity of the 
Instruments within six months from the date the withholding took place. The refund of withholding 
tax after the above six-month period is to be claimed to the Portuguese tax authorities through an 
official form available at http://www.portaldasfinancas.gov.pt, within two years from the end of 
the year in which tax was withheld. The refund is to be made within three months, after which 
interest becomes due. 
Administrative cooperation in the field of taxation 
The Council Directive 2014/107/EU of 9 December 2014 regarding the mandatory automatic 
exchange of information in the field of taxation was transposed into the Portuguese Law through 
the Decree-Law no. 64/2016, of 11 October. Under such law, the Issuer will be required to collect 
information regarding certain accountholders and report such information to Portuguese Tax 
Authorities – which, in turn, will report such information to the relevant Tax Authorities of EU 
Member States or third States which have signed the Multilateral Competent Authority Agreement 
on Automatic Exchange of Financial Account Information for the Common Reporting Standard. 
Under Council Directive 2014/107/EU, of 9 December 2014, financial institutions are required to 
report to the tax authorities of their respective Member State (for the exchange of information with 
the state of residence) information regarding bank accounts, including custodial accounts, held by 
individual persons residing in a different Member State or entities which are controlled by one or 
more individual persons residing in a different Member State, after having applied the due 
diligence rules foreseen in the Directive. The information refers to the account balance at the end 
of the calendar year, income paid or credited in the account and the proceeds from the sale or 
redemption of the financial assets paid or credited in the account during the calendar year to which

--- Page 274 ---
- 266 - 
 
 
the financial institution acted as custodian, broker, nominee, or otherwise as an agent for the 
account holder, among others. In view of the regime enacted by Decree-Law no. 64/2016, of 11 
October, as amended from time to time, all information regarding the registration of the financial 
institution, the procedures to comply with the reporting obligations arising thereof and the 
applicable forms were approved by Ministerial Order (Portaria) no. 302-B/2016, of 2 December 
2016, Ministerial Order (Portaria) no. 302-C/2016, of 2 December 2016, Ministerial Order 
(Portaria) no. 302-D/2016, of 2 December 2016, all as amended or rectified from time to time, 
and Ministerial Order (Portaria) no. 302-E/2016, of 2 December 2016. 
Foreign Account Tax Compliance Act – Portugal 
The United States has reached a Model 1 intergovernmental agreement with Portugal, signed on 6 
August 2015 and ratified by Portugal on 5 August 2016 and which has entered into force on 10 
August 2016. Portugal has implemented, through Law 82-B/2014, of 31 December, the legal 
framework based on reciprocal exchange of information on financial accounts subject to disclosure 
in order to comply with FATCA. Through Decree-Law no. 64/2016, of 11 October, as amended, 
and Ministerial Order (Portaria) no. 302-A/2016, of 2 December 2016, as amended, the Portuguese 
government approved the complementary regulation required to comply with FATCA. Under the 
referred legislation the Issuer is required to obtain information regarding certain accountholders 
and report such information to the Portuguese Tax Authorities, which, in turn, will report such 
information to the United States Internal Revenue Service. 
The Netherlands 
General 
The following summary outlines certain principal Dutch tax consequences of the acquisition, holding, 
settlement, redemption and disposal of the Instruments, but does not purport to be a comprehensive 
description of all Dutch tax considerations that may be relevant. For purposes of Dutch tax law, a holder of 
Instruments may include an individual or entity who does not have the legal title of these Instruments, but 
to whom or to which nevertheless the Instruments or the income thereof is attributed based on specific 
statutory provisions or on the basis of such individual or entity having an interest in the Instruments or the 
income thereof. For the purpose of the Dutch tax consequences described herein, it is assumed that EDP is 
neither a (deemed) resident of the Netherlands nor has a permanent establishment in the Netherlands to 
which the Instruments are attributed. This summary is intended as general information only and each 
prospective investor should consult a professional tax adviser with respect to the tax consequences of the 
acquisition, holding, settlement, redemption and disposal of the Instruments. 
This summary is based on tax legislation, published case law, treaties, regulations and published policy, in 
each case as in force as of the date of this Base Prospectus, and it does not take into account any 
developments or amendments thereof after that date whether or not such developments or amendments have 
retroactive effect. 
 
This summary does not address the Dutch corporate and individual income tax consequences for: 
(i) 
holders of Instruments holding a substantial interest (aanmerkelijk belang) or deemed substantial 
interest (fictief aanmerkelijk belang) in the Issuer and holders of Instruments of whom a certain 
related person holds a substantial interest in the Issuer. Generally speaking, a substantial interest 
in the Issuer arises if a person, alone or, where such person is an individual, together with his or 
her partner (statutorily defined term), directly or indirectly, holds or is deemed to hold: (1) an 
interest of 5 per cent. or more of the total issued capital of the Issuer or of 5 per cent. or more of 
the issued capital of a certain class of shares of the Issuer; (2) rights to acquire, directly or indirectly, 
such interest; or (3) certain profit sharing rights in the Issuer; 
(ii) 
investment institutions (fiscale beleggingsinstellingen); 
(iii) 
pension funds, exempt investment institutions (vrijgestelde beleggingsinstellingen) or other Dutch 
tax resident entities that are not subject to or exempt from Dutch corporate income tax;

--- Page 275 ---
- 267 - 
 
 
(iv) 
persons to whom the Instruments and the income therefrom are attributed based on the separated 
private assets (afgezonderd particulier vermogen) provisions of the Dutch Income Tax Act 2001 
(Wet inkomstenbelasting 2001); 
(v) 
entities which are a resident of Aruba, Curaçao or Sint Maarten and that have an enterprise which 
is carried on through a permanent establishment or a permanent representative on Bonaire, Sint 
Eustatius or Saba and the Instruments are attributable to such permanent establishment or 
permanent representative; and 
(vi) 
individuals to whom the Instruments or the income therefrom are attributable to employment 
activities which are taxed as employment income in the Netherlands. 
Where this summary refers to "the Netherlands" or "Dutch", such reference is restricted to the part of the 
Kingdom of the Netherlands that is situated in Europe and the legislation applicable in that part of the 
Kingdom. 
Dutch Withholding Tax 
With respect to Instruments issued by EDP B.V., all payments made by EDP B.V. under the Instruments 
may - except in certain very specific cases as described below - be made free of withholding or deduction 
for any taxes of whatsoever nature imposed, levied, withheld or assessed by the Netherlands or any political 
subdivision or taxing authority thereof or therein, provided that the Instruments do not in fact function as 
equity of EDP B.V. within the meaning of article 10, paragraph 1, under 'd' of the Dutch Corporate Income 
Tax Act 1969 (Wet op de vennootschapsbelasting 1969). 
Dutch withholding tax may apply on certain (deemed) interest due and payable by EDP B.V. to an affiliated 
(gelieerde) entity of EDP B.V. if such entity (i) is considered to be resident (gevestigd) in a jurisdiction that 
is listed in the yearly updated Dutch Regulation on low-taxing states and non-cooperative jurisdictions for 
tax 
purposes 
(Regeling 
laagbelastende 
staten 
en 
niet-coöperatieve 
rechtsgebieden 
voor 
belastingdoeleinden), or (ii) has a permanent establishment located in such jurisdiction to which the interest 
is attributable, or (iii) is entitled to the interest payable for the main purpose or one of the main purposes to 
avoid taxation of another person, or (iv) is not considered to be the recipient of the interest in its jurisdiction 
of residence because such jurisdiction treats another (lower-tier) entity as the recipient of the interest (hybrid 
mismatch), or (v) is not treated as resident anywhere  (also a hybrid mismatch), or (vi) is a reverse hybrid 
whereby the jurisdiction of residence of a participant that has a qualifying interest (kwalificerend belang) 
in the reverse hybrid treats the reverse hybrid as tax transparent and that participant would have been taxable 
based on one (or more) of the items in (i)-(v) above had the interest been due to him directly, all within the 
meaning of the Dutch Withholding Tax Act 2021 (Wet bronbelasting 2021). 
With respect to Instruments issued by EDP, all payments made by EDP under the Instruments may be made 
free of withholding or deduction for any taxes of whatsoever nature imposed, levied, withheld or assessed 
by the Netherlands or any political subdivision or taxing authority thereof or therein. 
Corporate and Individual Income Tax 
(a) 
Residents of the Netherlands 
If a holder of Instruments is a resident or deemed to be a resident of the Netherlands for Dutch 
corporate income tax purposes and is fully subject to Dutch corporate income tax or is only subject 
to Dutch corporate income tax in respect of an enterprise to which the Instruments are attributable, 
income derived from the Instruments and gains realised upon the redemption, settlement or 
disposal of the Instruments are generally taxable in the Netherlands (up to a maximum rate of 25.8 
per cent.). 
If an individual is a resident of the Netherlands or deemed to be a resident of the Netherlands for 
Dutch individual income tax purposes, income derived from the Instruments and gains realised 
upon the redemption, settlement or disposal of the Instruments are taxable at the progressive rates 
(at up to a maximum rate of 49.50 per cent.) under the Dutch Income Tax Act 2001, if: 
(i) 
the individual is an entrepreneur (ondernemer) and has an enterprise to which the 
Instruments are attributable or the individual has, other than as a shareholder, a co-

--- Page 276 ---
- 268 - 
 
 
entitlement to the net worth of an enterprise (medegerechtigde), to which enterprise the 
Instruments are attributable; or 
(ii) 
such income or gains qualify as income from miscellaneous activities (resultaat uit 
overige werkzaamheden), which includes activities with respect to the Instruments that 
exceed regular, active portfolio management (normaal, actief vermogensbeheer). 
If neither condition (i) nor condition (ii) above applies to the holder of the Instruments, taxable 
income with regard to the Instruments must be determined on the basis of a deemed return on 
savings and investments (sparen en beleggen), rather than on the basis of income actually received 
or gains actually realised. This deemed return on savings and investments is fixed at a percentage 
of the individual's yield basis (rendementsgrondslag) at the beginning of the calendar year (1 
January), insofar as the individual's yield basis exceeds a statutory threshold (heffingvrij 
vermogen). The individual's yield basis is determined as the fair market value of certain qualifying 
assets held by the individual less the fair market value of certain qualifying liabilities on 1 January. 
The fair market value of the Instruments will be included as an asset in the individual's yield basis.  
The deemed return percentage to be applied to the yield basis increases progressively depending 
on the amount of the yield basis. The deemed return on savings and investments is taxed at a rate 
of 31 per cent.. Based on a decision of the Dutch Supreme Court (Hoge Raad) of 24 December 
2021 (ECLI:NL:HR:2021:1963), the current system of taxation based on a 'deemed return' may 
under specific circumstances contravene with Section 1 of the First Protocol to the European 
Convention on Human Rights in combination with Section 14 of the European Convention on 
Human Rights. In reaction to this case law, the Dutch State Secretary for Tax Affairs and Tax 
Administration (amongst other things) published a policy decree (beleidsbesluit) on 28 June 2022 
(Besluit, rechtsherstel box 3, no. 2022-176296) which (amongst other things) states that if the 
deemed return based on the actual composition of the yield basis (with separate deemed return 
percentages for savings, debts and investments) in 2022 is lower than the deemed return based on 
current legislation as described above, the lower deemed return based on the actual composition of 
the yield basis will be used to determine taxable income from savings and investments. 
(b) 
Non-residents of the Netherlands 
If a person is neither a resident of the Netherlands nor is deemed to be a resident of the Netherlands 
for Dutch corporate or individual income tax purposes, such person is not liable to Dutch income 
tax in respect of income derived from the Instruments and gains realised upon the settlement, 
redemption or disposal of the Instruments, unless: 
(i) 
the person is not an individual and such person: (1) has an enterprise that is, in whole or 
in part, carried on through a permanent establishment or a permanent representative in the 
Netherlands to which permanent establishment or permanent representative the 
Instruments are attributable; or (2) is (other than by way of securities) entitled to a share 
in the profits of an enterprise or a co-entitlement to the net worth of an enterprise, which 
is effectively managed in the Netherlands and to which enterprise the Instruments are 
attributable. 
This income is subject to Dutch corporate income tax at up to a maximum rate of 25.8 per 
cent. 
(ii) 
the person is an individual and such individual: (1) has an enterprise or an interest in an 
enterprise that is, in whole or in part, carried on through a permanent establishment or a 
permanent representative in the Netherlands to which permanent establishment or 
permanent representative the Instruments are attributable; or (2) realises income or gains 
with respect to the Instruments that qualify as income from miscellaneous activities in the 
Netherlands, which include activities with respect to the Instruments that exceed regular, 
active portfolio management; or (3) is, other than by way of securities, entitled to a share 
in the profits of an enterprise that is effectively managed in the Netherlands and to which 
enterprise the Instruments are attributable. 
Income derived from the Instruments as specified under (1) and (2) by an individual is subject to 
individual income tax at progressive rates up to a maximum rate of 49.50 per cent. Income derived 
from a share in the profits of an enterprise as specified under (3) that is not already included under

--- Page 277 ---
- 269 - 
 
 
(1) or (2) will be taxed on the basis of a deemed return on savings and investments (as described 
above under "Residents of the Netherlands").  
Gift and Inheritance tax 
Dutch gift or inheritance taxes will not be levied on the occasion of the transfer of the Instruments by way 
of gift by, or on the death of, a holder of Instruments, unless: 
(i) 
the holder of the Instruments is, or is deemed to be, resident in the Netherlands for the purpose of 
the relevant provisions; or 
(ii) 
the transfer is construed as an inheritance or gift made by, or on behalf of, a person who, at the 
time of the gift or death, is or is deemed to be resident in the Netherlands for the purpose of the 
relevant provisions. 
Value Added Tax 
In general, no value added tax will arise in respect of payments in consideration for the issue of the 
Instruments or in respect of a cash payment made under the Instruments, or in respect of a transfer of 
Instruments. 
Other Taxes and Duties 
No registration tax, customs duty, transfer tax, stamp duty, capital tax or any other similar documentary tax 
or duty will be payable in the Netherlands by a holder in respect of or in connection with the subscription, 
issue, placement, allotment, delivery or transfer of Instruments. 
The Proposed Financial Transactions Tax ("FTT") 
On 14 February 2013 the EC published a proposal (the "Commission's Proposal") for a Directive for a 
common FTT in Belgium, Germany, Estonia, Greece, Spain, France, Italy, Austria, Portugal, Slovenia and 
Slovakia (the "participating Member States"). However, Estonia has since stated that it will not 
participate. 
The Commission's Proposal has a very broad scope and could, if introduced, apply to certain dealings in 
the Instruments (including secondary market transactions) in certain circumstances. Primary market 
transactions referred to in Article 5(c) of Regulation (EC) No 1287/2006 are expected to be exempt. Under 
the Commission's Proposal, the FTT could apply in certain circumstances to persons both within and outside 
of the participating Member States. Generally, it would apply to certain dealings in the Instruments where 
at least one party is a financial institution, and at least one party is established in a participating Member 
State. A financial institution may be, or be deemed to be, "established" in a participating Member State in 
a broad range of circumstances, including: (a) by transacting with a person established in a participating 
Member State; or (b) where the financial instrument which is subject to the dealings is issued in a 
participating Member State. 
However, the FTT proposal remains subject to negotiation between participating Member States. It may 
therefore be altered prior to any implementation, the timing of which remains unclear. Additional EU 
Member States may decide to participate. 
Prospective holders of the Instruments are advised to seek their own professional advice in relation to the 
FTT. 
Foreign Account Tax Compliance Act 
Pursuant to certain provisions of the U.S. Internal Revenue Code of 1986, commonly known as FATCA, a 
"foreign financial institution" (as defined by FATCA) may be required to withhold on certain payments it 
makes ("foreign passthru payments") to persons that fail to meet certain certification, reporting or related 
requirements. The Issuers may be foreign financial institutions for these purposes. A number of jurisdictions 
(including Portugal and the Netherlands) have entered into, or have agreed in substance to, 
intergovernmental agreements with the United States to implement FATCA ("IGAs"), which modify the 
way in which FATCA applies in their jurisdictions. Under the provisions of IGAs as currently in effect, a 
foreign financial institution in an IGA jurisdiction would generally not be required to withhold under

--- Page 278 ---
- 270 - 
 
 
FATCA or an IGA with respect to payments that it makes. Certain aspects of the application of the FATCA 
provisions and IGAs to Instruments, including whether withholding would ever be required pursuant to 
FATCA or an IGA with respect to payments on Instruments, are uncertain and may be subject to change. 
Even if withholding would be required pursuant to FATCA or an IGA with respect to payments on 
Instruments, such withholding would not apply prior to the date that is two years after the date on which 
final regulations defining foreign passthru payments are published in the U.S. Federal Register and 
Instruments characterised as debt (or which are not otherwise characterised as equity and have a fixed term) 
for U.S. federal tax purposes that are issued on or prior to the date that is six months after the date on which 
final regulations defining foreign passthru payments are published generally would be grandfathered for 
purposes of FATCA withholding unless materially modified after such date (including by reason of a 
substitution of the relevant Issuer). However, if additional Instruments as described under " Further Issues" 
in the Conditions that are not distinguishable from previously issued Instruments are issued after the 
expiration of the grandfathering period and are subject to withholding under FATCA, then withholding 
agents may treat all Instruments, including the Instruments offered prior to the expiration of the 
grandfathering period, as subject to withholding under FATCA. 
Holders should consult their own tax advisers regarding how these rules may apply to their investment in 
Instruments. 
Neither the Issuers nor the Keep Well Provider are obliged to gross up any amounts which may be withheld 
or deducted pursuant to FATCA.

--- Page 279 ---
- 271 - 
 
 
SUBSCRIPTION AND SALE 
Instruments may be sold from time to time by the Issuer to any one or more of Banco Bilbao Vizcaya 
Argentaria, S.A., Banco Comercial Português, S.A., Banco Santander Totta, S.A., Barclays Bank Ireland 
PLC, BNP Paribas, Caixa - Banco de Investimento, S.A., CaixaBank, S.A., Citigroup Global Markets 
Europe AG, Deutsche Bank Aktiengesellschaft, HSBC Continental Europe, J.P. Morgan SE, Mizuho 
Securities Europe GmbH, Morgan Stanley Europe SE, MUFG Securities (Europe) N.V., NatWest Markets 
N.V., Société Générale and UniCredit Bank AG (the "Dealers"). The arrangements under which 
Instruments may from time to time be agreed to be sold by the Issuer to, and purchased by, Dealers are set 
out in an amended and restated dealership agreement dated 13 September 2022 (the "Dealership 
Agreement") and made between the Issuer and the Dealers. Any such agreement will, inter alia, make 
provision for the form and terms and conditions of the relevant Instruments, the price at which such 
Instruments will be purchased by the Dealers and the commissions or other agreed deductibles (if any) 
payable or allowable by the Issuer in respect of such purchase. The Dealership Agreement makes provision 
for the resignation or termination of appointment of existing Dealers and for the appointment of additional 
or other Dealers either generally in respect of the Programme or in relation to a particular Tranche of 
Instruments. The Dealership Agreement provides that the obligations of Dealers to subscribe for 
Instruments may be subject to certain conditions precedent. Instruments may be offered by the Issuer or the 
Dealers to any Investors, subject to the restrictions described below. 
United States of America 
Regulation S Category 2; TEFRA D, unless TEFRA C or TEFRA not applicable is specified as applicable 
in the relevant Final Terms. 
Instruments have not been and will not be registered under the United States Securities Act of 1933, as 
amended (the "Securities Act"), or the securities laws of any state or other jurisdiction of the United States 
and may not be offered or sold within the United States or to, or for the account or benefit of, U.S. persons 
except in certain transactions exempt from, or not subject to, the registration requirements of the Securities 
Act. Terms used in the preceding sentence have the meanings given to them by Regulation S under the 
Securities Act. 
Instruments in bearer form are subject to U.S. tax law requirements and may not be offered, sold or 
delivered within the United States or its possessions or to U.S. persons, except in certain transactions 
permitted by U.S. Treasury regulations. Terms used in the preceding sentence have the meanings given to 
them by the U.S. Internal Revenue Code of 1986 and Treasury regulations promulgated thereunder. 
Each Dealer has represented and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be 
required to represent and agree, that, except as permitted by the Dealership Agreement, it will not offer, 
sell or deliver Instruments: (1) as part of their distribution at any time; or (2) otherwise until 40 days after 
the completion of the distribution of the Instruments comprising the relevant Tranche, within the United 
States or to or for the account or benefit of U.S. persons except in accordance with Regulation S of the 
Securities Act, and such Dealer will have sent to each dealer to which it sells Instruments during the 
restricted period relating thereto a confirmation or other notice setting forth the restrictions on offers and 
sales of the Instruments within the United States or to or for the account or benefit of U.S. persons. 
In addition, until 40 days after the commencement of the offering of Instruments comprising any Tranche, 
any offer or sale of Instruments within the United States by any dealer (whether or not participating in the 
offering) may violate the registration requirements of the Securities Act if such offer or sale is made 
otherwise than in accordance with an available exemption from registration under the Securities Act. 
Prohibition of sales to EEA Retail Investors 
Unless the Final Terms in respect of any Instruments specifies the "Prohibition of Sales to EEA Retail 
Investors" as "Not Applicable", each Dealer has represented and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed 
under the Programme will be required to represent and agree, that it has not offered, sold or otherwise made 
available and will not offer, sell or otherwise make available any Instruments which are the subject of the 
offering contemplated by this Base Prospectus as completed by the Final Terms in relation thereto to any 
retail investor in the EEA. For the purposes of this provision the expression "retail investor" means a 
person who is one (or more) of the following:

--- Page 280 ---
- 272 - 
 
 
(i) 
a retail client as defined in point (11) of Article 4(1) of MiFID II; or 
(ii) 
a customer within the meaning of the Insurance Distribution Directive, where that customer would 
not qualify as a professional client as defined in point (10) of Article 4(1) of MiFID II. 
Prohibition of sales to UK Retail Investors 
Unless the Final Terms in respect of any Instruments specifies "Prohibition of Sales to UK Retail Investors" 
as "Not Applicable", each Dealer has represented and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the 
Programme will be required to represent and agree, that it has not offered, sold or otherwise made available 
and will not offer, sell or otherwise make available any Instruments which are the subject of the offering 
contemplated by this Base Prospectus as completed by the Final Terms in relation thereto to any retail 
investor in the UK.  For the purposes of this provision the expression "retail investor" means a person who 
is one (or more) of the following: 
(i) 
a retail client, as defined in point (8) of Article 2 of Regulation (EU) No 2017/565 as it forms part 
of domestic law in the UK by virtue of the EUWA; or 
(ii) 
a customer within the meaning of the provisions of the FSMA and any rules or regulations made 
under the FSMA to implement Directive (EU) 2016/97, where that customer would not qualify as 
a professional client, as defined in point (8) of Article 2(1) of Regulation (EU) No 600/2014 as it 
forms part of domestic law in the UK by virtue of the EUWA. 
Other UK regulatory restrictions 
Each Dealer has represented and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be 
required to represent and agree, that: 
(1) 
it has only communicated or caused to be communicated, and will only communicate or cause to 
be communicated, any invitation or inducement to engage in investment activity (within the 
meaning of section 21 of the FSMA) received by it in connection with the issue or sale of any 
Instruments in circumstances in which section 21(1) of the FSMA does not apply to the Issuer; and 
(2) 
it has complied and will comply with all applicable provisions of the FSMA with respect to 
anything done by it in relation to such Instruments in, from or otherwise involving the United 
Kingdom. 
Belgium 
Other than in respect of Instruments for which "Prohibition of Sales to Belgian Consumers" is specified 
as "Not Applicable" in the applicable Final Terms, each Dealer has represented and agreed, and each 
further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be required to represent and agree, that an offering of 
Instruments may not be advertised to any individual in Belgium qualifying as a consumer within the 
meaning of Article I.1 of the Belgian Code of Economic Law, as amended from time to time (a "Belgian 
Consumer") and that it has not offered, sold or resold, transferred or delivered, and will not offer, sell, 
resell, transfer or deliver, the Instruments, and that it has not distributed, and will not distribute, any 
prospectus, memorandum, information circular, brochure or any similar documents in relation to the 
Instruments, directly or indirectly, to any Belgian Consumer. 
France 
Each Dealer has represented agreed that it has not offered or sold and will not offer or sell, directly or 
indirectly, Instruments to the public in the Republic of France, and has not distributed or caused to be 
distributed and will not distribute or cause to be distributed to the public in the Republic of France, this 
Base Prospectus, any Final Terms or any other offering material relating to the Instruments, and that such 
offers, sales and distributions have been and shall only be made in France only to (a) providers of investment 
services relating to portfolio management for the account of third parties and/or (b) qualified investors 
(investisseurs qualifiés) other than individuals, all as defined in, and in accordance with, Articles L.411-1, 
L.411-2, D.411-1 and D.411-4 of the French Code monétaire et financier.

--- Page 281 ---
- 273 - 
 
 
The Netherlands 
For selling restrictions in respect of The Netherlands, see "Prohibition of Sales to EEA and UK Retail 
Investors" above and in addition, each Dealer has represented and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed 
under the Programme will be required to represent and agree, that Zero Coupon Instruments (as defined 
below) in definitive bearer form and other Instruments in definitive bearer form on which interest does not 
become due and payable during their term but only at maturity, and which qualify as savings certificates 
(spaarbewijzen) as defined in The Netherlands Savings Certificates Act (Wet inzake spaarbewijzen, the 
"SCA") may only be transferred and accepted, directly or indirectly, within, from or into The Netherlands 
through the mediation of either the Issuers or a member of Euronext Amsterdam N.V. with due observance 
of the provisions of the SCA and its implementing regulations (which include registration requirements). 
No such mediation is required, however, in respect of: (i) the initial issue of such Instruments to the first 
holders thereof; (ii) the transfer and acceptance by individuals who do not act in the conduct of a profession 
or business; and (iii) the issue and trading of such Instruments if they are physically issued outside The 
Netherlands and are not immediately thereafter distributed in The Netherlands. 
As used herein "Zero Coupon Instruments" are Instruments that are in bearer form and that constitute a 
claim for a fixed sum against the respective Issuer and on which interest does not become due during their 
tenor or on which no interest is due whatsoever. 
Portugal 
Each Dealer has represented and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be 
required to represent and agree, that the Instruments may not be and will not be offered to the public in 
Portugal under circumstances which are deemed to be a public offer under the Portuguese Securities Code 
(Código dos Valores Mobiliários) enacted by Decree-Law no. 486/99, of 13 November 1999 (as amended 
and restated from time to time) (or under any legislation which may replace or complement it in this respect 
from time to time) unless the requirements and provisions applicable to public offerings in Portugal are 
met, including, without limitation, all registration, filing, approval or recognition procedures with the 
Portuguese Securities Market Commission ("Comissão do Mercado de Valores Mobiliários") (the 
"CMVM") and, if relevant, any other competent authorities. In addition, each Dealer has represented and 
agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be required to represent and agree, 
that other than in compliance with all applicable provisions of the Portuguese Securities Code (or under 
any legislation which may replace or complement it in this respect from time to time), the Prospectus 
Regulation, the Prospectus Delegated Regulations and any applicable CMVM Regulations and all relevant 
Portuguese securities laws and regulations, in any such case that may be applicable to it in respect of any 
offer or sale of Instruments by it in Portugal or to individuals or entities resident in Portugal or having 
permanent establishment located in Portuguese territory, as the case may be, including the publication of a 
prospectus, when applicable: (1) it has not directly or indirectly taken any action or offered, advertised, 
marketed, invited to subscribe, gathered investment intentions, sold, re-sold, re offered or delivered and 
will not directly or indirectly take any action or offer, advertise, invite to subscribe, gather investment 
intentions, sell, re-sell, re-offer or deliver any Instruments in circumstances which could qualify as a public 
offer (oferta pública) of securities pursuant to the Portuguese Securities Code (or under any legislation 
which may replace or complement it in this respect from time to time), notably in circumstances which 
could qualify as a public offer addressed to individuals or entities resident in Portugal or having permanent 
establishment located in Portuguese territory, as the case may be; (2) it has not distributed, made available 
or caused to be distributed and will not distribute, make available or cause to be distributed this Base 
Prospectus or any other offering material relating to the Instruments to the public in Portugal and will 
comply with all applicable provisions of the Portuguese Securities Code (or under any legislation which 
may replace or complement it in this respect from time to time), the Prospectus Regulation and the 
Prospectus Delegated Regulations, and any applicable CMVM regulations and all relevant Portuguese 
securities laws and regulations, in any such case that may be applicable to it in respect of any offer or sale 
of Instruments by it in Portugal or to individuals or entities resident in Portugal or having a permanent 
establishment located in Portuguese territory, as the case may be; and (3) that any such distribution shall 
only be authorised and performed to the extent that there is full compliance with such laws and regulations.. 
For the purposes of this paragraph, "Prospectus Regulation" means Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 of the 
European Parliament and of the Council of 14 June 2017 (as amended) and "Prospectus Delegated 
Regulations" means any delegated acts published in connection with the Prospectus Regulation which are 
in force at any determined time.

--- Page 282 ---
- 274 - 
 
 
Spain 
Neither the Instruments nor this Base Prospectus have been registered with the Spanish Securities Markets 
Commission (Comisión Nacional del Mercado de Valores).  Accordingly, the Instruments may not be 
offered, sold or distributed, nor may any subsequent resale of Instruments be carried out in Spain, except 
in circumstances which do not require the registration of a prospectus in Spain or without complying with 
all legal and regulatory requirements under Spanish securities laws. 
The Instruments may only be offered or sold in Spain by institutions authorised under the consolidated text 
of the Securities Market Law approved by Royal Legislative Decree 4/2015 of 23 October (Real Decreto 
Legislativo 4/2015, de 23 de octubre, por el que se aprueba el texto refundido de la Ley del Mercado de 
Valores) (the "Spanish Securities Market Law"), Royal Decree 217/2008 of 15 February on the legal 
regime applicable to investment services companies (Real Decreto 217/2008, de 15 de febrero, sobre el 
régimen jurídico de las empresas de servicios de inversión y de las demás entidades que prestan servicios 
de inversión) and related legislation to provide investment services in Spain and in accordance with the 
provisions of the Spanish Securities Market Law and further developing legislation. 
Japan 
The Instruments have not been and will not be registered under the Financial Instruments and Exchange 
Act of Japan (Act No. 25 of 1948, as amended, the "FIEA") and, each Dealer has represented and agreed, 
and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be required to represent and agree, that it will 
not offer or sell any Instruments directly or indirectly, in Japan or to, or for the benefit of, any resident of 
Japan, or to others for re-offering or resale, directly or indirectly, in Japan or to, or for the benefit of, a 
resident of Japan except pursuant to an exemption from the registration requirements of, and otherwise in 
compliance with, the FIEA and any other applicable laws, ministerial guidelines and regulations of Japan. 
As used in this paragraph, "resident of Japan" means any person resident in Japan, including any 
corporation or other entity organised under the laws of Japan 
Singapore 
Each Dealer has acknowledged, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be required 
to acknowledge, that this Base Prospectus has not been registered as a prospectus with the Monetary 
Authority of Singapore. Accordingly, each Dealer has represented, warranted and agreed, and each further 
Dealer appointed under the Programme will be required to represent, warrant and agree, that it has not 
offered or sold any Instruments or caused the Instruments to be made the subject of an invitation for 
subscription or purchase and will not offer or sell any Instruments or cause the Instruments to be made the 
subject of an invitation for subscription or purchase, and has not circulated or distributed, nor will it 
circulate or distribute, this Base Prospectus or any other document or material in connection with the offer 
or sale, or invitation for subscription or purchase, of the Instruments, whether directly or indirectly, to any 
person in Singapore other than: (i) to an institutional investor (as defined in Section 4A of the SFA pursuant 
to Section 274 of the SFA; (ii) to a relevant person (as defined in Section 275(2) of the SFA) pursuant to 
Section 275(1) of the SFA, or any person pursuant to Section 275(1A) of the SFA, and in accordance with 
the conditions specified in Section 275 of the SFA; or (iii) otherwise pursuant to, and in accordance with 
the conditions of, any other applicable provision of the SFA. 
Where the Instruments are subscribed or purchased under Section 275 of the SFA by a relevant person 
which is: 
(a) 
a corporation (which is not an accredited investor (as defined in Section 4A of the SFA)) the sole 
business of which is to hold investments and the entire share capital of which is owned by one or 
more individuals, each of whom is an accredited investor; or 
(b) 
a trust (where the trustee is not an accredited investor) whose sole purpose is to hold investments 
and each beneficiary of the trust is an individual who is an accredited investor, 
securities or securities-based derivatives contracts (each term as defined in Section 2(1) of the SFA) of that 
corporation or the beneficiaries' rights and interest (howsoever described) in that trust shall not be

--- Page 283 ---
- 275 - 
 
 
transferred within six months after that corporation or that trust has acquired the Instruments pursuant to an 
offer made under Section 275 of the SFA except: 
(1) 
to an institutional investor or to a relevant person, or to any person arising from an offer referred 
to in Section 275(1A) or Section 276(4)(c)(ii) of the SFA; 
(2) 
where no consideration is or will be given for the transfer; 
(3) 
where the transfer is by operation of law; 
(4) 
as specified in Section 276(7) of the SFA; or 
(5) 
as specified in Regulation 37A of the Securities and Futures (Offers of Investments) (Securities 
and Securities-based Derivatives Contracts) Regulations 2018 of Singapore. 
General 
Other than with respect to the listing of the Instruments on such stock exchange as may be specified in the 
Final Terms, no action has been or will be taken in any country or jurisdiction by the Issuer or the Dealers 
that would permit a public offering of Instruments, or possession or distribution of any offering material in 
relation thereto, in any country or jurisdiction where action for that purpose is required. Persons into whose 
hands this Base Prospectus or any Final Terms comes are required by the Issuer and the Dealers to comply 
with all applicable laws and regulations in each country or jurisdiction in or from which they purchase, 
offer, sell or deliver Instruments or have in their possession or distribute such offering material, in all cases 
at their own expense. 
The Dealership Agreement provides that the Dealers shall not be bound by any of the restrictions relating 
to any specific jurisdiction (set out above) to the extent that such restrictions shall, as a result of change(s) 
or change(s) in official interpretation, after the date hereof, in applicable laws and regulations, no longer be 
applicable but without prejudice to the obligations of the Dealers described in the paragraph headed 
"General" above.

--- Page 284 ---
- 276 - 
 
 
GENERAL INFORMATION 
Authorisation 
1. The establishment of the Programme was authorised by the Board of Directors of EDP at a meeting 
held on 21 September 1999 and by the management board of EDP B.V. at a meeting held on 8 
October 1999. The update of the Programme was authorised by the Executive Board of Directors 
of EDP at a meeting held on 19 July 2022 and by written resolutions of the management board of 
EDP B.V. on 25 August 2022. The Issuers have obtained or will obtain from time to time all 
necessary consents, approvals and authorisations in connection with the issue and performance of 
the Instruments and their respective obligations under the Trust Deed and the Keep Well 
Agreement. 
Legal and Arbitration Proceedings 
2. Save as described in "EDP and the EDP Group - Litigation ", none of EDP, EDP B.V. or any 
other member of the EDP Group is or has been involved in any governmental, legal or arbitration 
proceedings (including any proceedings which are pending or threatened of which EDP or EDP 
B.V. is aware) in the 12 months preceding the date of this document which may have or have had 
a significant effect on the financial position and profitability of EDP, EDP B.V. or the EDP Group. 
Significant/Material Change 
3. There has been no significant change in the financial performance or position of EDP, EDP B.V. 
or the EDP Group since 30 June 2022, and there has been no material adverse change in the 
prospects of EDP, EDP B.V. or the EDP Group since the date of their last published audited 
financial statements, being 31 December 2021. 
Auditors 
4. The independent auditors of EDP are PricewaterhouseCoopers & Associados - Sociedade de 
Revisores Oficiais de Contas, Lda., independent certified public accountants, who have audited 
the consolidated financial statements of the EDP Group as of and for the years ended on 31 
December 2021 and 31 December 2020 prepared in accordance with IFRS as adopted by the EU. 
With respect to the unaudited condensed consolidated interim financial information of EDP for 
the six month period ended 30 June 2022 incorporated by reference in this Base Prospectus, 
PricewaterhouseCoopers & Associados - Sociedade de Revisores Oficiais de Contas, Lda. have 
reported that they have applied limited procedures in accordance with professional standards for 
a review of such information. However, their report incorporated by reference in this Base 
Prospectus states that they did not audit and they do not express an opinion on that interim financial 
information. Accordingly, the degree of reliance on their report on such information should be 
restricted in light of the limited nature of the review procedures applied. PricewaterhouseCoopers 
& Associados - Sociedade de Revisores Oficiais de Contas, Lda. is a member of the Portuguese 
Institute of Statutory Auditors (Ordem dos Revisores Oficiais de Contas). 
5. PricewaterhouseCoopers Accountants N.V. are the independent auditors of EDP B.V. and audited 
its financial statements as of and for each of the financial years ended 31 December 2021 and 31 
December 
2020, 
prepared 
in 
accordance 
with 
IFRS 
as 
adopted 
by 
the 
EU. 
PricewaterhouseCoopers Accountants N.V., the auditors of EDP Finance B.V., have consented to 
the incorporation by reference of their auditor's reports related to the aforementioned financial 
statements in this Base Prospectus. The auditor signing the auditor's reports on behalf of 
PricewaterhouseCoopers Accountants N.V. is a chartered accountants (registeraccountants) in the 
Netherlands and is a member of the Royal Netherlands Institute of Chartered Accountants 
(Koninklijke Nederlandse Beroepsorganisatie van Accountants). 
Documents on Display 
6. For the life of this Base Prospectus, the following documents will, when published, be available 
electronically (together with English translations in the case of paragraphs (i), (ii), (iii) and (iv) 
below) on EDP's website, https://www.edp.com/en, as follows:

--- Page 285 ---
- 277 - 
 
 
(i) 
the constitutional documents of EDP (as the same may be updated from time to time) 
(https://www.edp.com/en/edp/policies-and-documentation#corporate-documentation); 
(ii) 
the constitutional documents of EDP B.V. (as the same may be updated from time to time) 
(https://www.edp.com/en/investors/fixed-income/how-we-finance-our-strategy); 
(iii) 
the 2021 EDP Financial Statements and the 2021 EDP B.V. Financial Statements 
(https://www.edp.com/en/investors/investor-information/results-reports#results---reports); 
(iv) 
the most recently published audited annual financial statements of EDP and EDP B.V. and the 
most recently published unaudited interim financial statements (if any) of EDP and EDP B.V. in 
each case together with any audit or review reports (if applicable) prepared in connection therewith 
(https://www.edp.com/en/investors/investor-information/results-reports#results---reports); and 
(v) 
this Base Prospectus, the Trust Deed, the Interbolsa Instrument, the Keep Well Agreement, the 
Agency Agreement and the forms of the Instruments, the Receipts, the Coupons and the Talons 
((https://www.edp.com/en/investors/fixed-income/how-we-finance-our-strategy);any 
future 
information memoranda, prospectuses, offering circulars, supplements and Final Terms (save that 
Final Terms relating to an Instrument which is neither admitted to trading on a regulated market in 
the European Economic Area nor offered in the European Economic Area in circumstances where 
a prospectus is required to be published under the Prospectus Regulation will only be available for 
inspection by a holder of such Instrument and such holder must produce evidence satisfactory to 
the relevant Paying Agent, as the case may be, as to its holding of Instruments and identity) to this 
Base Prospectus and any other documents incorporated herein or therein by reference. 
In addition, this Base Prospectus will be available on the website of Euronext Dublin 
(www.euronext.com/en/markets/Dublin).  In relation to the documents referred to at (i), (ii), (iii) 
and (iv) above, the Issuers confirm that the translations thereof are true and accurate, however, in 
case of a discrepancy between the original document and the English translation thereof, the 
original document will prevail. 
Clearing of the Instruments 
7. The Instruments (other than Book Entry Instruments) have been accepted for clearance through 
Euroclear Bank and Clearstream, Luxembourg (which are the entities in charge of keeping records 
in respect of such Instruments). The appropriate common code and the International Securities 
Identification Number in relation to the Instruments of each Series will be specified in the Final 
Terms relating thereto. The Book Entry Instruments will be cleared through the clearing system 
operated by Interbolsa. The appropriate identification reference for a Tranche of Book Entry 
Instruments will be specified in the Final Terms. Book Entry Instruments shall only be 
denominated in euro or in such other currency as accepted for registration and settlement purposes 
by Interbolsa. The relevant Final Terms shall specify any other clearing system as shall have 
accepted the relevant Instruments for clearance together with any further appropriate information. 
8. The address of Euroclear is Euroclear Bank SA/NV, 1 Boulevard du Roi Albert II, B-1210 
Brussels and the address of Clearstream, Luxembourg is Clearstream Banking S.A., 42 Avenue 
JF Kennedy, L-1855 Luxembourg. The address of Interbolsa is Avenida da Boavista, 3433 4100-
138 Porto, Portugal. 
Denomination 
9. Instruments issued under this Programme will have a minimum denomination of €100,000 (or its 
equivalent in any other currency). 
Issue Price and Yield 
10. Instruments may be issued at any price. The price and amount of Instruments to be issued under 
the Programme will be determined by the Issuer and the relevant Dealer on or before the applicable 
Issue Date of the relevant Series of Instruments in accordance with prevailing market conditions 
and will be disclosed in the Final Terms. The Issue Price of the Instruments of any Series may be 
less than, equal to or greater than the par value of the relevant Instruments as at the Issue Date.

--- Page 286 ---
- 278 - 
 
 
11. The yield for any particular Series of Instruments will be calculated on the basis of the average 
annual rate of return if the relevant Instruments were to be purchased at the Issue Price on the Issue 
Date and held to maturity. The yield specified in the Final Terms in respect of a Series of 
Instruments will not be an indication of future yield. 
Ratings 
12. The meanings of the expected ratings of Senior Instruments are as follows: 
Moody's – Baa3 
Obligations rated 'Baa' are subject to moderate credit risk. They are considered medium-grade and 
as such may possess speculative characteristics. The modifier 3 indicates a ranking in the lower 
end of this generic rating category. 
S&P – BBB 
An obligation rated 'BBB' exhibits adequate protection parameters. However, adverse economic 
conditions or changing circumstances are more likely to weaken the obligor's capacity to meet its 
financial commitments on the obligation. 
Fitch – BBB 
'BBB' ratings indicate that expectations of default risk are currently low. The capacity for payment 
of financial commitments is considered adequate, but adverse business or economic conditions are 
more likely to impair this capacity. 
13. The meanings of the expected ratings of Subordinated Instruments are as follows: 
Moody's – Ba2 
Obligations rated Ba are judged to be speculative and are subject to substantial credit risk. The 
modifier 2 indicates a mid-range ranking. 
S&P – BB+ 
An obligation rated BB is less vulnerable to nonpayment than other speculative issues. However, 
it faces major ongoing uncertainties or exposure to adverse business, financial, or economic 
conditions that could lead to the obligor's inadequate capacity to meet its financial commitments 
on the obligation. Ratings from 'AA' to 'CCC' may be modified by the addition of a plus (+) or 
minus (-) sign to show relative standing within the rating categories. 
Fitch – BB+ 
'BB' ratings indicate an elevated vulnerability to credit risk, particularly in the event of adverse 
changes in business or economic conditions over time; however, business or financial alternatives 
may be available to allow financial commitments to be met. The modifier "+/-" is used for ratings 
AA through CCC levels indicating relative differences of probability of default or recovery for 
issues. 
The information at paragraphs 12 and 13 above has been extracted from the websites of Moody's, 
S&P and Fitch, respectively. The Issuers confirm that such information has been accurately 
reproduced and that, so far as they are aware and are able to ascertain from information published 
by Moody's, S&P and Fitch respectively, no facts have been omitted which would render the 
reproduced information inaccurate or misleading. 
Listing Agent 
14. Arthur Cox Listing Services Limited is acting solely in its capacity as listing agent for the Issuers 
in relation to the Instruments and is not itself seeking admission of the Instruments to the Official 
List of Euronext Dublin or to trading on its regulated market for the purposes of the Prospectus 
Regulation.

--- Page 287 ---
- 279 - 
 
 
Conflicts of Interest 
15. Certain of the Dealers and their affiliates have engaged, and may in the future engage, in 
investment banking and/or commercial banking transactions with, and may perform services for, 
the Issuers and their affiliates in the ordinary course of business. Certain of the Dealers and their 
affiliates may have positions, deal or make markets in the Instruments issued under the 
Programme, related derivatives and reference obligations, including (but not limited to) entering 
into hedging strategies on behalf of the Issuers and their affiliates, investor clients, or as principal 
in order to manage their exposure, their general market risk, or other trading activities. 
In addition, in the ordinary course of their business activities, certain of the Dealers and their 
affiliates may make or hold a broad array of investments and actively trade debt and equity 
securities (or related derivative securities) and financial instruments (including bank loans) for 
their own account and for the accounts of their customers. Such investments and securities 
activities may involve securities and/or instruments of the Issuers or the Issuers' affiliates. Certain 
of the Dealers or their affiliates that have a lending relationship with the Issuers routinely hedge 
their credit exposure to the Issuers consistent with their customary risk management policies. 
Typically, such Dealers and their affiliates would hedge such exposure by entering into 
transactions which consist of either the purchase of credit default swaps or the creation of short 
positions in securities, including potentially the Instruments issued under the Programme. Any 
such positions could adversely affect future trading prices of Instruments issued under the 
Programme. Certain of the Dealers and their affiliates may also make investment 
recommendations and/or publish or express independent research views in respect of such 
securities or financial instruments and may hold, or recommend to clients that they acquire, long 
and/or short positions in such securities and instruments. 
Validity of prospectus and prospectus supplements 
16. For the avoidance of doubt, the Issuers do not have any obligation to supplement this Base 
Prospectus after the end of its 12-month validity period. The Issuers do not intend to provide any 
post-issuance information in relation to any issues of Instruments. 
Issuers' website 
17. EDP and EDP B.V.'s website is https://www.edp.com. Unless specifically incorporated by 
reference into this Base Prospectus, information contained on the website does not form part of 
this Base Prospectus. 
Legal Entity Identifier 
18. The Legal Entity Identifier code of EDP is 529900CLC3WDMGI9VH80. 
19. The Legal Entity Identifier code of EDP B.V. is 5299007L43AQDFOW5739.

--- Page 288 ---
ISSUERS 
REGISTERED OFFICE OF 
EDP FINANCE B.V. 
Luna Arena, Herikerbergweg 130 
1101 CM Amsterdam 
The Netherlands 
REGISTERED AND 
HEAD OFFICE OF EDP 
Av. 24 Julho, 12 
1249-300 Lisboa 
Portugal 
ARRANGER 
Morgan Stanley Europe SE 
Grosse Gallusstrasse 18 
60312 Frankfurt-am-Main 
Germany 
DEALERS 
Banco Bilbao Vizcaya Argentaria, S.A. 
Calle Sauceda, 28 
28050 Madrid 
Spain 
Banco Comercial Português, S.A. 
Av. Prof. Dr. Cavaco Silva (Tagus Park) 
Edifício 2, Piso 2 A 
2744-002 Porto Salvo 
Portugal 
Banco Santander Totta, S.A. 
Rua Aurea, 88 
1100-063 Lisbon 
Portugal 
Barclays Bank Ireland PLC 
One Molesworth Street 
Dublin 2 
D02RF29 
Ireland 
BNP Paribas 
16, boulevard des Italiens 
75009 Paris 
France 
Caixa - Banco de Investimento, S.A. 
Av. João XXI, 63 
1000-300 Lisbon 
Portugal 
CaixaBank, S.A. 
Calle Pintor Sorolla 2-4 
46002 Valencia 
Spain 
Citigroup Global Markets Europe AG 
Reuterweg 16 
60323 Frankfurt am Main 
Germany 
Deutsche Bank Aktiengesellschaft 
Mainzer Landstr. 11-17 
60329 Frankfurt am Main 
Germany 
HSBC Continental Europe 
38, avenue Kléber 
75116 Paris 
France 
ING Bank N.V. 
Foppingadreef 7 
1102 BD Amsterdam 
The Netherlands 
J.P. Morgan SE 
Taunustor 1 (TaunusTurm) 
60310 Frankfurt am Main 
Germany 
Mizuho Securities Europe GmbH 
Taunustor 1 
60310 Frankfurt am Main 
Germany 
Morgan Stanley Europe SE 
Grosse Gallusstrasse 18 
60312 Frankfurt-am-Main 
Germany 
MUFG Securities (Europe) N.V. 
World Trade Center, Tower H, 11th Floor 
Zuidplein 98 
1077 XV Amsterdam 
The Netherlands 
NatWest Markets N.V. 
Claude Debussylaan 94 
1082 MD Amsterdam 
The Netherlands

--- Page 289 ---
Société Générale 
29, boulevard Haussmann 
75009 Paris 
France 
UniCredit Bank AG 
Arabellastrasse 12 
81925 Munich 
Germany 
AUDITORS 
To EDP 
PricewaterhouseCoopers & Associados - Sociedade de Revisores Oficiais de Contas, Lda. 
Palácio Sottomayor 
Rua Sousa Martins, 1 - 3º 
1069-316 Lisboa 
Portugal 
To EDP B.V. 
PricewaterhouseCoopers Accountants N.V. 
Thomas R. Malthusstraat 5 
1066 JR Amsterdam 
The Netherlands 
TRUSTEE 
Deutsche Trustee Company Limited 
Winchester House 
1 Great Winchester Street 
London EC2N 2DB 
United Kingdom 
ISSUE AND PAYING AGENT 
Deutsche Bank AG, London Branch 
Winchester House 
1 Great Winchester Street 
London EC2N 2DB 
United Kingdom 
REGISTRAR  
PORTUGUESE PAYING AGENT 
Deutsche Bank Luxembourg S.A. 
2 Boulevard Konrad Adenauer 
L-1115 Luxembourg 
Deutsche Bank Aktiengesellschaft – Sucursal 
em Portugal 
Rua Castilho, no. 20 
1250-069 Lisbon 
Portugal

--- Page 290 ---
LISTING AGENT 
Arthur Cox Listing Services Limited 
Ten Earlsfort Terrace 
Dublin 2 
Ireland 
LEGAL ADVISERS 
To EDP 
as to English law 
Clifford Chance LLP 
10 Upper Bank Street 
London E14 5JJ 
United Kingdom 
To EDP 
as to Portuguese law 
Morais Leitão, Galvão Teles, Soares da Silva 
& Associados, Sociedade de Advogados, S.P., 
R.L. 
Rua Castilho, 165 
1070-050 Lisbon 
Portugal 
To EDP B.V. 
as to Dutch law 
Allen & Overy LLP 
Apollolaan 15 
1077 AB Amsterdam 
The Netherlands 
To the Dealers and the Trustee 
as to English law 
Allen & Overy LLP 
One Bishops Square 
London E1 6AD 
United Kingdom 
To the Dealers and the Trustee 
as to Portuguese law 
Vieira de Almeida & Associados 
Sociedade de Advogados, S.P. R.L. 
Rua Dom Luís I, 28 
1200-151 Lisbon 
Portugal